He has a four-year-old daughter - call me crazy but I think her college should be paid for. https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/988595965367009280 …
2. Part of the reason I decided to start this is James, after putting his life on the line, started a @gofundme for the victims. He really represents the best of America and I think we should help him too. So far over $6,000 has been donated. Thank you!
3. $11,000 in one hour. This is so great! Thank you for helping out.
4. We're up to $28,000 - so amazing. Thank you to everyone who has donated, retweeted, and shared the link in other ays. Very grateful!
5. Over $42,000 for James Shaw Jr! Thank you so much for all your support.
6. $57,000 from over 1,600 donors! Thanks for helping James Shaw Jr! As I mentioned last night I started this because James has been so selfless and raised money for the victims so I wanted to help him in return. Hope everyone will continue to RT
7. Thank you for this write-up @TMZ. You've raised $65,000 for James so far, really grateful for everyone who has stepped up by contributing, sharing the link, and retweeting! If you want to give the link is in the tweet above.
8. Earlier today James Shaw Jr. spoke at a vigil for the Waffle House victims. It was the first time he saw his 4-year-old daughter since the shooting. 

Here's the link for the @gofundme: http://bit.ly/2HmYy9F 

Link to article: https://tnne.ws/2HnsiTL 
9. Holy Cow! We're at $88,000 in just 18 hours. This is so great. For those asking, @gofundme is in touch with James directly and will be handling the transfer of money to him. Thanks again for all the donations, tweets and retweets!
10. And just like that, we've raised over $100,000 for James in just 20 hours! Thank you so much.
11. I can’t believe it but we’re at $154,000. Thank you! Here are some adorable pics of James with his baby girl.
12. Great news! @JamesShawJr9, Waffle House Hero, is going on the @TheEllenShow today! Episode airs tomorrow!  Also...an update..we've raised $204,000 for James & his daughter! Thank you for contributing and the @gofundme is still open if you want to give.
Thinking @WaffleHouse should be in on this..... at the very least a lifetime of free waffles for Mr. Shaw!
Yes. We will be doing things for Mr. Shaw. Details have not be finalized yet!
Great! He’s a hero and deserves to be recognized as one!
He is a great hero and there are no words to accurately express our appreciation.
Here are some words: “We are going to cap, cover, smother and scatter every dime of Miss Shaw’s college expenses.”
I really wish that i could give something but I’m a disabled veteran but all of my prayers are with you and your family and may God bless you
I will donate in your name sir. Thank you for your service.
Done!
Thank you so much my friend!
Disabled veteran with a a few grand of followers. What unit were you in? Where were you deployed? Are you sure your not a bot?
You sound like a bot. Bots have low numbers of followers, like 111. Are you sure you're not a bot?
You can find me at USS Voge
How? You won't even give you units name. Won't even tell me what years you served. Quit trying to pretend your a US veteran you Russian troll.
Done  Happy to donate! Lived just outside of Nashville for the 1st 27 yrs of my life. All of my family is there, my daughters went to college there and started families of their own there. It could have been someone I love deeply that was senselessly killed. Thank you, Mr. Shaw
Thank you guys!
I agree! And if he has a good job, someone should offer him a better job! We need heroes like him!
Mr. Shaw works for ATT as an electrical technician, I read.
Promotion with a pay raise then!  Not many would be able to keep that cool and execute like he did!
How does what he did translate over to his job? I am okay with a gofundme account but a raise by AT&T? I don't see it.
James Shaw started a Go Fund Me as well if anyone would like to donate.
James Shaw Jr. Stopped the Waffle House Shooter. Now He’s Raising Thousands for the Victims
What an amazing man. Sadly, had cops come and he had the gun in his hand, he would be dead. And that’s everything that’s wrong in this world. You’re a hero James Shaw. I hope karma pays you well.
Thank you. I'm shocked no one else thought to do this.
Me too, plus I was waiting on someone reputable, with a huge audience, to get the ball rolling.
@PhillyD look for the hero^^
As a  Nashville girl,  I've been saying since yesterday that I'm waiting for one of my country music stars to step up and write this man a check.

Like, hero, have yourself a house, sir!
You know Taylor Swift has $$$ beyond $$$ AND the incentive now that her name has been dragged in. Come on, Taylor! Your new friend needs a new home for that sweet 4 year old of his. Cut the check!
Damn over 8k already
YAYYYY!!!
In like 40 minutes! So crazy
He started his own to help victims
Yes, we know. This is for him and his family.
I donated $18 ("chai" in Hebrew which signifies life and being alive)
Also shared on fb. 

Thanks for starting!
What a great idea. The news is filled with such tragedy that sometimes we forget to celebrate the amazing things.
Over 13k raised in one hour!!!!
It is important
Awesome, you empathetic & elephant loving dude! 
I saw him interviewed by Anderson Cooper. What a great, humble, articulate young man.  He deserves a boost.
RT @kathygriffin: RT @yashar: Alright, I decided to start a @gofundme for James Shaw Jr, the Waffle House hero. I normally hate when people say this, but in this case, I think its important...please RT. 

Link To Donate: http://bit.ly/2HmYy9F 
He has a four-year-old daughter - call me crazy but I think her college should be paid for. https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/988595965367009280 …
I would like to ask Waffle House HQ if they would consider making a donation.
This man deserves all the help that people can afford to give. #WaffleHouseHero
I adore you, @yashar. You and @andylassner are two of my fave Twitter follows!

@andylassner and @TheEllenShow, can you do a story on -- with a contribution to the gofundme page for -- James Shaw Jr. and his child?
I’m sure the President will shower Mr Shaw with honors and awards befitting a hero and urge others to do the same.  After all, what possible reason could Trump have for not honoring this man for his heroic and selfless acts of bravery? What could it possibly be? Anybody?
We know we won't hear a peep from him & we all know why...
TY gr8 idea. I would bump it to 200K Max. 4yr @ 50K for college in 14 yrs be a good guess.
Done! Thanks for doing this...it’s truly well-deserved. Much love to you from Nashville 

let’s surpass that 25k goal 
It’s almost at 30,000 now!
It's over $37,000 now!
Donated 
You'll be judged by the company you keep.

THEY NEVER THOUGHT SHE WOULD LOSE

***FULL image download: https://bit.ly/2qS7QPM  

#qanon #HillaryForPrison #Gitmo
I’m in.  Setting up a college fund for Waffle House Hero James Shaw Jr’s 4 year old daughter is a tremendous idea.
#CarnegieHeroFund @carnegie_hero  ???
We all need a raise or another job to raise money for victims everywhere. Suicide bombing in Afghanistan got us  broke. Afghan guy ran over by a racist here in Portland. Every dollar counts. No more Starbucks and there you have it. Extra money to give to victims.
Done. Thanks, Yashar. You have a good heart. And so does James Shaw Jr.
Hope this makes at least $100k. If anyone deserves it, it's this guy
Thank you & done. 
Thank you. Retweeting and donating right now. Much love to you for stepping up.
Thank you, @yashar. Just gave and will share.
Done! Thanks for setting this up!
Great idea, Yashar. I got no cash, but I'd auction off a new custom portrait and donate the proceeds to the gofundmes for the victims family's and/or Mr Shaw. 

I've never done that, but this is a good cause.
I'll add, like I said I've never done an auction, so id need some logistics help. And a lot of RTs to raise some real money if there is interest in this, cuz my footprint online is pretty minor..
Who knows how to do this type of online auction?
If he owns a home, it should be paid off as well.  Also any college loans he may have outstanding.
It's at almost $22K!!!
Happily donated. I'm so proud of him. Courage.
Donated and shared. Great idea!
He is much more deserving than McCabe. Thank you for starting the gofundme for Mr. Shaw.
I agree with you , thanks for starting the gofundme for the hero.
Wow. You were tweeted by Hillary 
Done! Very moved by his selflessness. Thank you James 
Thank you for doing this. 

How much are you donating, @realDonaldTrump? 

#JamesShaw
James Shaw raised $75k for the victims in one day.  (the goal was 15k).  I’m thrilled to be part of this effort to make his and his family’s  life a little bit easier.  He deserves it.
Yea his is at almost 100k 
Do u have that link??
I retweeted it
@yashar you truly are a saint. My only son died at age 17 but if he were alive, I hope he’d be as compassionate and kind as you. 
@WaffleHouse agree?
We are finalizing the ways we will be helping Mr. Shaw!
Aren't you just

WONDERFUL!

Thank you...
Donated and shared. James is an exceptional young man and I hope he feels our gratitude through this GoFundMe.   Thank you for doing this. @yashar .
This is how you know AMERICA IS ALREADY GREAT. Congrats Americans, for love of your fellow man. #TheMostGivingPeopleOnEarth
The guy deserves all the encouragement and support available what he did was very brave and courageous and many other citizens should emulate him because there are still plenty of challenges ahead .
You’re an amazing person Yashar!
Done and done!
I just donated.  Thanks for doing this. He deserves every gesture of gratitude.
Done!
Donated.  Thank you for setting this up.  
Donated! He deserves this! Thank you for creating this for him.
I was hoping this would be done. Thank you.
Yes. Just donated.
I think he's in college, too.  Plus, now his hand is injured so he'll need help typing papers n'such.  Good idea!
RT: Alright, I decided to start a @gofundme for James Shaw Jr, the Waffle House hero. I normally hate when people  say this, but in this case, I think its important...please RT.

Link To Donate: http://bit.ly/2HmYy9F 
He has a four-year-old daughter - call me crazy but I think her college should be paid for. https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/988595965367009280 …
Done!
If ever there was a reason, this is it
DONE.
No one minds a RT, of a hero Also, bless that young man!
Thanks for starting this, sharing, and retweeting it.
It's fake.
And so are YOU!!  LOL
Um, yeah when are you going to  admit that you were wrong about  #TorontoAttack? Don't you care about your journalistic integrity?
Check the top of his page, I think you will find what you are looking for.
@RVAwonk @gofundme  I wish we had a POTUS that would call him & thank him for his heroics. Nashville mayor praised him.
I doubt that he would want Dotard to call him for any reason
Donated! Thanks for posting.
I'm spreading the word. Continue to spread the word. Again wow.. gratitude..  hats off to you!
@TheEllenShow gave you a well deserved shout out today when she had James Shaw Jr. on the show today. Good to see him getting all this love in return for what he did.
It’s going on three days and POTAS has not mentioned James’s name. I think Larry David has a rule for that.
Thank you Yashar and thank you James Shaw - done!
Yashar...this is so fundamentally kind and good and decent of you.
let’s keep it going!!!! 
Thank you for doing this! Glad to be able to donate for Mr. Shaw via someone I trust. 
@TheEllenShow !! @WaffleHouse !!!!!
Thank you, Sir.
Great idea . I'll do tomorrow. Ironically just gave to a man I knew who has Stage 4 cancer. His bills are mounting. The world makes me sad.
Worthy cause. I ponied up a couple bucks and posted to Facebook.
Great man indeed
@Obviously_Cloe
Happy to give to bless his family’s future. Done.
I noticed almost $4000 was raised in under 30 minutes!  So glad you did this!  I hope he gets a nice windfall and a good nest egg for his daughter.
Donated! This is a worthy cause I think we can all get behind!
Thank you for setting this up. I'm in awe of this young man. Just donated.
Thanks for starting this!!!
Thank you so much for doing this!
You know some people, cops, firemen do that everyday and nobody pays for their kids’ colleage, granted it’s their job...
How are you even comparing the two?
Yashar, Yashar, Yashar...sorry, but you're a word person and the rule goes like this: 'Alright' is 'alwrong.' 

All right?
And yet not a word to this hero from the dum@my in the WH
I think your right how many guys would have the balls to jump some crazed shooter while being unarmed himself ? How many have so far ? Great idea help him out
You could take care of his easily. Why don't you donate from your millions?
FEEL GOOD STORY

Caren Turner (ex #HillaryClinton aide and current Port Authority Commissioner for #NY and #NJ) in profanity laced confrontation with police

She was "forced to resign"...aka FIRED

#BlueLivesMatter


#MAGA #QAnon #Outnumbered #Hannity
Follow @yashar
Dear yashar the response to your go fund me speaks volumes about you and the people that trust you on Twitter. I don’t know you and because of your tweets I trust you. This is because of your incredible ability to communicate.
Retweeting and will be donating as well.
@chrissyteigen @johnlegend
Just like Japan , Hillary forgets
I hope he doesn’t have to give up half of it for income tax.
Thank you for doing this
Done.


You mean @WaffleHouse isn’t paying for his daughter’s college fund?
I know I give you a lot of crap for your hot takes, especially concerning food, but this is a real good thing you've done. Take this guy out to brunch!
Great to see it take off! Well done @yashar !!!
Why don't you just ask Hillary to donate she's got plenty of money she stole from everybody
Thank you for setting this up!
Thank you
@BlackburnReview here it is
This is awesome. The only thing I hate about Waffle House is that they aren't in my state. James Shaw deserves this SO much, true hero!
That’s awesome! Thanks for setting that up!
Never more deserving then for a true American hero. Thanks!
Don't have much to give but I hope 10$ does somethjng
This is awesome Thank God for people like YOU, too. Blessings
Allow me to chip in some funds for #JamesShawJr!
Thank you.
Done.
Done!
Done
Amazing!
Done!  I’ve been wanting to donate specifically to him, but wanted a trusted source.  Thanks!
Just donated! This guy is the stuff movies are made of
I've been waiting for a go fund me for this TRUE HERO! Ty 
All kids should get free college
Awesome idea!! 
You're awesome @yashar !!
Fabulous!
Well, you're a hero in my book for starting the GoFundMe for James Shaw. Thanks to you two.
Contributed  Thank You Yashar & My #Hero James Shaw Jr #JamesShawJr 
Thanks for doing this!
Donated. Thanks for doing this! It’s almost up to $18,000 now.
He is a real life Hero.
Donated and retweeted. He’s a hero.
He doesn’t need your help. He’ll be just fine.
I'm in. @yashar @gofundme
Good thinking and agree 
Done!
@JenESmith
Donated. A very worthy cause!

Done.  He most definitely deserves this to surpass your goal.
As if your love of elephants wasn't enough to make you one of the best!
I agree. Let’s help his kid get a college fund.
I'm all in - thanks for the opportunity 
the guy is a hero. but if u are gonna tell others to donate... shouldnt u donate as well @yashar?
Good idea.
Done. And I’ll contribute. 
No, not crazy! Beautiful idea. Our president won’t acknowledge him, which could do SO much toward unifying us!
Maybe he can use the money to buy a gun. That way next time he saves the day he might not get hurt as bad. He truly is a hero.
Why not also for the cops that caught the POS.  They are also hero’s who have kids that need to go to college.
Their kids go for free.
No they don't.
Did u know u will have to pay income taxes on the money u raise & a % charge by FB?
@garyvee 
Thought you’d be interested in this!
He will never see the money, just like the #Haiti. When will you so called free thinkers, start thinking for yourself? It's time and you have so much fun. It doesn't hurt either.

Nice @yashar. And thank you James Shaw Jr. I know you don’t like to be called a hero, but you are. You’re an example to many. #JamesShawJr.

Wished the Parkland officers had that type of courage
Just donated. Thanks! <3
Take one out for Seth Rich why don't you?
Sorry
He should have one too. He deserves some recognition.
Modern form of begging
WAY TO GO @yashar !
CELEBRATE A TRUE HERO
since potus Failed so miserably at it.
Done! You’re a good person Yashar!
This is something every American can get behind. I have. Will you?
Done!
GOD BLESS JAMES SHAW JR. 

HE’S A HERO WHO SAVED LOTS OF LIVES. I’M SURE MANY MORE AWESOME PEOPLE WILL STEP IN. AMEN
I think he should get free meals for life at the Waffle House.
A true American hero!!!!
Done!
Stories like this gives me hope and the will to fight another day.
So nice

Sorry, was looking for the @HillaryClinton defense fund for a good laugh.
This man is a true hero!!!
Hello @Oprah
You’re a good man Charlie Brown
Dividing is the goal of some people . Isn't that a terrible thing to do. Some lie and steal and hurt liddle children. Isn't that terrible , too?   Why would a human being be so cruel? I think being human is different like loving one another.  #WakeUpAmerica
And @HillaryClinton, will he get the $? Cuz word in the street is that YOU tend to start fundings but the $ never reaches the person it was intended for...
This is excellent! Nice going, @yashar.
Incredible, Yashar! Good news in a treacherous world.
No longer taking donations?
Gay sicko
@HillaryClinton @gofundme if @BillCosby Can be convicted  you DONT have a Chance of NOT !!! 
Hillary retweeted this because she sees an opportunity to embezzle funds. Please don’t let her near your fund raiser!
Shaw is fuckin awesome, I'd smoke him out any day of the week#420
How does anyone know he will receive this? I don’t see any proof that this is legitimate.
Don't retweet Hillary, just give a couple $mil. of the money you stole from the people of Haiti or from the money Russia gave to the CF - where is the CF now btw - that's right after you lost ANOTHER Presidential election you and your rapist husband shut it down, donor drought
Donate Hillary you got the money take care of them both for life
This is absolutely amazing!! This gentleman deserves every nice thing that happens to him!! He’s a true hero!!
Done
Hillary will probably steal it all.
Great job but shouldn't you stop upping the goal?  Its gone so far beyond the original its very heartening. U keep upping the goal and it looks not met, when in fact its been wildly wonderfully exceeded.  Can't folks still collect even past the orig goal?
And pls pardon me if I'm not knowing how gofundme works.
