”It’s the best-kept secret in American politics — this really powerful but unsexy and sleepy office of Secretary of State.” -@EllenKurz  http://www.ozy.com/politics-and-power/these-unknown-officials-could-hold-the-balance-of-power-in-2020/83004 …
Aren't you in jail yet? #LockHerUp
Why isn't Trump in jail yet? @WorstPresidentinHistory
Yes, Obama was the worst president in history.

#MAGA
Oh, and what scandals has Trump had? 

Fake Russian collusion story?

Fake Russian dossier paid for by Hillary and the DNC?

Lower taxes?

Conspiring with the DNC to rig the Democrat primary?

Seth Rich's murder?

Thousands of emails deleted?

Bengahzi?

You tell me...
You have a right to your opinion as do I. But you are downright rude and mean. How old are you? 10?
And by the way, a contradiction is not a scandal, so now you have two things to prove, a scandal and a contradiction. Get to work, I've only got 30 or 40 years left in me, but we'll wait.
I do not have anything to prove to you. That is your opinion of our president. I have my opinion. But you don't see me bullying you or being mean or rude to you.
The only one being mean and hateful is you. Your distraught just because I called you out on your lie.  Just because you say Trump has a scandal doesn't mean it's true. That would be like saying Hillary Clinton is an honest person, just because I said it doesn't make it true.
Thank you Madam President.

Why are you obsessed with Hillary? Jealous?
I feel sorry for you....
No you don't. You think you're superior. You are on the wrong side of history.
I'd love to have a woman POTUS..just NOT ever that one. Worst candidate EVER!!!! 
I'm old enough to remember ALL her dirty corrupt behavior. She even STOLE  from the whitehouse. Bet you didn't know that, did you?
Yes, I read that story. There was confusion on what gifts were personal to the Clintons and what should remain in the WH. They gave everything back.
They gave it back because they were caught

Did you actually look into this story, are you just regurgitating the conspiracy theories that the far right feeds you, or are you a Russian bot?  The real story was clintons took gifts given to them they legally received, but returned it when Repubs. made a big deal about it.
If I was a bot Rob I Iwould not respond that Rob rhymes with knob they did the same thing in Arkansas I know I was living there at the time Lick It Up.
Do you honestly think Bill and Hillary actually packed up boxes of stuff? Please. This is a common occurrence from any resident in the White House when staff packs up for them. Items are misplaced or misidentified.
Go away with your 11
Did they give funds to the Clinton Foundation too?
You mean that Soros paid communist money sucking riot, destruction of people’s property and and disruption gig?
Oh. Guess so. Phony fake front costly crap America does not ever need.
Unsexy and sleepy.  Add drunk and deranged and you've got HilaRIGGED
Sounds like the Nazi slogan.
Says the person who lost a "RIGGED IN HER FAVOR" Presidential Election. Yes, there really is a righteous God to whom belongs all the glory  and whom you should fear.
Your timeline confirms you are a full blown whackjob.  Good luck with that.
Hahahaha.....says you, with the looney twitter profile pic depiction of a "whackjob"
Very nice to see you there is a bit like to see

Hillary is a:

https://twitter.com/Hublife/status/972275875805782016 …
Looted America and Still Continues To...Fc k O F F 
B
I
T
C
H

Hooray for #PresidentHillary!
http://newsjunkiepost.com/2016/09/19/i-hillary-rodham-clinton-haitis-pay-to-play-ihrc/ …
Look at all of these bots & trumpers that are so intimidated by you. 
Not really!!! Regular Americans have spoken and Hildabeast lost!!! So long Sucker!!!
Actually, the people DID speak and #45theDotard LOST the popular vote.
But yet Trump is in the White House making America great again!!! The system works!!! Yea!!!

You’re a liar and a murderer #SethRich
Amen to that.
No, we just get our news from more than one outlet #cnncook
LOL. Hush

 your response genuinely made me laugh.
http://crickinfoemation.blogspot.com/2018/03/blog-post_92.html …
I am getting tired of pray tweets of u becoming president as well received certain massages of me to support u. It was my mistake for me to send an donation to u for u be president.
Sooner or later you'll be put in jail for trying to disrupt an American election Hillary. The only collusion that will be discovered is the collusion between Russia, Hillary and the DNC
Thank you the People's President! We know you would of protected US from the Russian attacks on OUR democracy.  NOT like...


Here's a FACT that bolsters their claims...
It's pretty sad you have to promote your worthless, ineffective Super PAC
Donald Trump is Officially Worst President of the United States Ever. HILLARY CLINTON would have been in the Top 10.

Small minority accidentally voted this idiot into office. They are wrong. #WrongSideOfHistory

These #MAGAts are the worst we have to offer.
We will out vote them
You are blind to the corruption of the Clinton’s. Are you a sheep or part of the corruption?
You are blind to see the anti-Christ you voted for!!!!

Yes we are making a change with our president and NRA
President Donald J. Trump @realDonaldTrump is the greatest President in US history! #MAGA #Trump2020 #ClintonCrimes #SendClintonToGitmo
Onward to Gitmo for Grandma Clinton! #UraniumOne #MoneyLaundering #ChildTrafficking #Treason
 CONVICT 
You can't stop what God has ordained.we will not be silent
It's no secret you enabled a sexual deviant to prey on women. Why not use this time to acknowledge the truth.  Until you acknowledge and  confront the sexual deviant you enabled  @BillClinton , your words have  zero meaning.  #sexualabuseenabler

Leaves the same horrifying taste in your mouth as the Clinton Global Initiative did!
I can't believe you are still raising money to siphon off for yourself, like the Clinton Foundation did with 10's of MILLIONS of dollars! You are a CRIMINAL!!
Anything you endorse is anti American. You need to be in a orange jump suit. Your a Marxist. Put your Russian reset button where the sun don't shine PIAPS.
Hillary don't be like Nawaz Sharif, who says 'Mujhe kyun nikaala?'
Shut up and go far far far away
Is this another corrupt organization you have your hand in?
Onward 
The only Onward Together you are going to see is onward together to prison.
The only change that you're trying to make is to be in charge of everything that Almighty dollar that Almighty power and that Almighty control that you want to have I don't think so


Onward Together....Daddy Soros funded group. Of course you would think it's a wonderful organization.  You two criminals belong in Gitmo together. Hope you like the color orange or black/white stripes! #GitmoAwaitsYou
Hello clindon
This organization sends voter registration material to people that are not eligible to vote.

They sent a packet to my teenage grandson

I addressed the issue and received NO response.

#QAnon #GreatAwakening #MAGA #WeThePeople @POTUS
Unfair treatment to Qianwan group ( Qianbao) has been made Nanjing government for two months. When can Central Government find out the truth?
Isn't that your new Super-PAC that funds Antifa that you funneled 800K from your failed "Hillary For America" campaign, to?
http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2017/09/exposed-hillary-clinton-moved-800k-campaign-help-fund-antifa/ …
Clintons #embezzled millions earmarked for #Haiti relief..... here's how:
Email to Hillary Clinton via her assistant on how the State Department was behind PR campaign to collect millions from the public "for Haiti"…
CROOKED
Follow me and I will follow you! Caarrrl!!! from #TheWalkingDead    Michael Moore on Trump: "The Biggest F**k You in Human History" https://youtu.be/wxDRqeuLNag    via @YouTube

onward together... to jail
what is yew dewin, henneh? dunno when you gonna page that life alert button you got, but you know you gon need a heap of help, henneh.. you already know -- it WAS written n thangs, send some snacks
@HillaryClinton Please run for New York's House district 24 and become the next speaker of the house!

Only dumb people cheer for @BarackObama & @HillaryClinton. They have destroyed your liberty. You’re living in a surveillance state with secret courts. Everything you do is recorded. The state knows everything about you. One day it will be used against you. Cheer some more, dummy.

FBI Investigating Millions Of "Mishandled" Dollars Funneled From Australian Govt To Clinton Foundation
https://www.zerohedge.com/news/2018-01-17/fbi-investigating-millions-mishandled-dollars-funneled-australian-govt-clinton … #auspol

Hillary your a crook and detestable person and woman....you escaped jail when any other Citizen would have been jailed for decades!!
Thank you, Madame HRC!
Yeah Umm NOT!
Psychopath
A picture that says a lot
Best kept secret is reptilian running the show
Can you touch a life of a child in kenya perishing in poverty?
If you recommend it. Then it's clearly dodgy.
Another money making endeavor huh Hill?
Just donated- keep helping progressive candidates get elected. We don’t have much time with our world  and climate change needs to be addressed ASAP or we are all in trouble! PS thanks for your service and you continue to inspire!
You have my vote and I'm Canadian :-)
You all know she isn’t President and never will be.  She will be in her most famous pantsuit ever...PRISON!
"Onward, together"? How much more Marxist can you get?
@HillaryClinton please stay retired!
Hillary big republican here. Instead of having teachers armed, why not fund a upgrade to security first. Panic buttons and automatic locking doors in a shooting. We have the technology and can do this easier then fighting for gun restrictions.
Onward so you dropped the ho! Onward ho was that a Wagon Train slogan in the 50's ?
Just go away you entire life is full of corruption and evil secrets between you and your husband he should be in jail for rape and where is all the money from your Uranium 1 deal?
After battle of Mars&Venus Garden in the south of France, Black TurQuoise changed strategy of intervention to deal with Green Marine/Whitecode Bistro. It' d use security means through west-east axis over leaks about "Love" and from "3rd para group" (Twitter).
Crooks
Isn't onward together funded by Soros who believes Marxist/Socialist ideology?
Love and admire you but geez can't you block these trolls?

#LockHerUp
What the Tarmac meeying was really about! Justice is coming, RIP SCOTUS Antonin Scalia.
The gig is up.  Trump actually won the popular vote by at least 7+ Million votes. But due to voter machine fraud hillary won.  Actual results, soon to be announced!
Actually spprt finncl wrkng tgthrWTH TruCRlgs ClthRps & In crryng out Tru BK of St Paul KpEarth1pc stated will indeed in compass ALL Recognized Religion's Bibles, Government, businesses, Civic groups and non-profit organization... Please contact us & ...
#HillaryClinton2020
Comrade Crooked Hillary Clinton will look good in ORANGE.

Yeah Your one to talk #Traitor
Let's just hope it is not as corrupt as The Clinton Foundation!!!!
دعوناولاتقربوجمعناولاتحرقونابنيرانكم
The minds of an old serpent
How much do you pocket from that one?
Just one thing Hillary, Treason is a terrible thing to waste!



#GreatAwakening #ObamaGate #WeThePeople #FakeNews #Treason  #ReleaseEverything #ReleaseTheCures #BoycottUnilever #QAnon #TwitterLockout #ParklandStudentsSpeak …
Lying Crook !!!
Chairman Mao would be so proud
You still in Town ?
Just retweeting some REAL truth!!!
@Education4Libs
If we can fund Planned Parenthood to murder babies, I think funding our schools with armed security guards to keep our children safe is more than a reasonable suggestion.
We don't. Google Hyde Amendment.
So how much of your #UraniumOne ill gotten $$$ have you funneled into this endeavor Mrs.Bill Clinton?
Madame President! PLEASE HELP US!
What a crock
are you still staying from the mirrow and feel sorry for your self or you ask!!!  Mirrow mirrow in the wall i suppouse to be the 1 lady in the world.doesn't work like that.sorry.everybody have http://dreams.you  are felon.sorry.
Is this the Rothschild’s ‘Onward To-Get-Her? If I do have your attention, could you please return the money you stole from Australians through their corrupt politicians? #WeWantOurMoneyBack.
Because everyone knows teenagers should set how our country is ran.


You are the most horrible woman in the world
Trump/KGB *NRA=MassMurder
Trying to pilfer more money for your pockets?  #Killery4prison
I heard the train a coming it's coming round the bend
Bill as a dirty nasty pedifiler.
#LaCultureCritique  ignorance is free
Förstår jätte svårt lycka till 
Paid for by taxpayer money
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1836806276353938&id=1410178989016671 …
Will you just go away? Please?

Because of interpretation of events to influence personnel of an organization, one got Black TurQuoise with Venise and Rome, against Virginia' s headquarters. Then "German tank/Russian dogs" strategy led Green Marine to handle black African unfortunately.
We want to see President

@iVoteFund @EllenKurz the very fact she is for it makes me suspect.
Never forget MONICA!
Lock her up!!!!
https://youtu.be/nXDoP-gH4aE 
Hillary keep on running,but you can’t out run your past
#LockHerUp
Tribunals are coming for you.
Miss Hillary thank you for your service. Even tho there are those who will try to break you down keep strong and let history be your judge.
Trying to hustle money?
Bush just disappeared and look how good his life is going . it might be to late now . all I can say is get ready to pay the piper...
I know I'm just a nobody ..but don't you and barrack would serve your selves better by just staying out of the limelight . look what its getting you now . I one or two years all these reopened investigations will bare fruit but not good in your cases.
You did nothing in the past.
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DWkfH57VAAAmfB0.jpg …
Y yo de “ehm,  sí”, y todos mis alumnos riéndose. Entonces yo de que “tú sí aprecias mis videos, A DIFERENCIA DE MIS ALUMNOS”, y mis alumnos de que “no profe, sí los apreciamos ”.
Luego me dijeron que ya colabore con @julioprofenet o @bullymagnets y yo de que QUÉ MÁS QUISIERA YO
Onward Hillary - go away #ClintonCrimeFamily #maga
just go a head madam we are behind u
Made my donation to Onward Together yesterday. 
Are you running out of money? You only come out when the coffers are running low.
@iVoteFund
Says the butcher of Benghazi @HillaryClinton
I expect that’s right.
If it’s got anything to do with you it’s anything but great! It’s automatically dishonest and not trustworthy! How can YOU of all people endorse anyone or anything? You need to just go into the background like am old used washboard that you are SMH IN SHAME
Improper sentence construction  within your tweets are hampering their value.Please correct. Thank you
Loser. Just shut up
What, for a $5
Voter fraud.
The rumor now is Trump will quit if it looks like he's either going to impeached or charges brought up on him. Yay
Another great group is #ResistanceLive hosted by @ECMcLaughlin! 50,000 Strong!
Your not in JAIL yet? I’m so excited I can’t wait. You evil, lying no good wench. Tic tic tic times almost up!!
Can you help establish the onward together in Nigeria?
