Here’s a CNN live stream of the rally: http://cnn.it/2EBjbNW 

CNN TV is dipping in and out.
Here’s the full, 11-minute Emma Gonzalez speech http://cnn.it/2CtCbrr 

Also here:
Emma Gonzalez and her high school friends are doing something none of us have been able to effectuate in the same way. Thank God for the kids. This is a movement that won't let up! We're with you!
The difference is the tragedy happened to THEM. Just days ago. They are the actual victims. Who better to stand up and say enough is enough to gun violence and that change to our gun laws is necessary NOW? I stand with them.
There were babies slaughtered at Sandy Hook and Repubs didn't listen to their parents cries.  This time, there are teens and young adults and they are not having it!  I stand with #ParklandStrong #StoptheNRA  Most of the seniors will be able to vote in Nov.  #BlueWave2018
Pretty dumb if you ask me. There are 350 million guns in America. They are not going to disappear in 10 generations. If you are offended that badly by them, consider moving to Europe. Meanwhile, we will work to make sure they are out of the hands of the seriously mentally ill.
Anyone know if there's a transcript of her speech or the full video available ? Strong powerful words need to be shared!
We need the entire speech to be available in both video and written forms. Surely that can be done?
Wow. 
My generation is amazing
This is disgusting. Seriously. How gross r pple using children to spin more & more hatred to our @POTUS who DOES NOT MAKE THE LAW!!! If pple would EDUCATE these kids instead of filling their heads w HATE, they’d be talking to CONGRESS & SENATE! And telling @FBI to do their jobs!
It is disgusting. Kids in the US have been completely brainwashed and will happily march begging for the government to take away their rights. This is no cause to celebrate. It's sad and and heartbreaking. Obama ruined America.
1/10
2/10
3/10
4/10
5/10
6/7
7/7
It’s the shooter not the gun, Cain killed Abel with a Rock.
I get it and understand. Vast majority of owners are just like you, have not and will not ever use for harm of another person

But what do you say to someone who points out that Cain did not and could not kill 17 people or 58 people with a rock in the matter of about 120 seconds?
You will never stop people from being able to buy guns. The only way to stop a bad guy with a gun is with a good guy with a gun.
You’re right about the first part. But about the bad guy/good guy thing, people who take the other side from your view would say that there was a good guy with a gun on that school campus. Sometimes it helps, other times it doesn’t.
Not all good people with a gun are willing or able to kill the bad guy
Most are
There’s not a whole lot of proof to support this claim.
I've never seen it reported about the good guy stopping the bad guy in these situations
She is AMAZING!!!!!
After seeing her friends get killed and going through a traumatic experience, this young woman is more coherent than the president.
10% FBI fault - 90% @ChuckGrassley revoked bill to sell to mentally ill, @realDonaldTrump signed it! @FLGovScott allows sales ARs to teenagers w/no background checks or waiting period; can’t buy beer until 21! @marcorubio impotent! @NRA owns @GOP who risklives #VoteThemOut
Watching in the UK, crying along with all those there. We support you 
Same here..Something has to give after this poignant speech!!!!
From the mouths of babes - excellent speech!!
Never stop the rallies never stop protesting until all these gun laws are changed never stop ! Children are supposed to grow up and become adults!
We need to take their message seriously and do more than send support. We also need to act on whatever way we can. They shouldn't feel as though nothing will happen if they take the time they need to heal. We should let them set the parameters for their involvement.

I just sat and cried...she is so strong and so articulate and she is the voice that will lead the charge
I couldn't keep my eyes dry. Kids shouldn't have to deal with this!! It is Congress' job to stop this from happening again, but as long as the @NRA is paying them, NOTHING will change! #VoteThemOut2018
She has to have every adult standing behind her and with her and let her take the lead in this charge
That's why WE need to call and email our Congresspersons.  WE need to march.  We need to get the vote out.  We need to make signs and stand at the capitol buildings around the country.  We are adults and we need to help them.
100% agree, we also need to get out there and talk to folks and register folks.  I have been but we need more people out there.  We have got to support these young people and let them be the voice of experience right now.
I am just sobbing. No child should ever have to give that kind of speech. What a courageous young lady! We will stand behind you.
Yes, @NRA It is time to come after you! Bankrupt and destroy the real evil you stand for! 2nd Amendment? Yep let’s just talk about that some and decide what it really means! Because you and your incestuous enthusiasts have caused enough damage in it’s name. #EmmaGonzalez Says So!
I have a feeling there would be far more dead folks in Texas if you had your way.
#WeCallBS
@nadiamarie22
whoa. This girl is my leader 
Inspiring.

The girl has no clue. The student pulled the trigger. She is a emotional female and now we are proping her up when in reality every congressman and Senator gets donations from the NRA!!! See Joe Scarborough who got $23,500.00 from then
Congress-should-outlaw-the-acceptance-of-#NRA-donations-for-the-good-of-the-country-and-return-all-previous-donations-now.

Make-our-Schools-Safe-again

#BanAR15s 
#BanAssaultWeapons 

because-Easy-Access-to-AR15s-makes-School-Shootings-Easy

#NRABloodMoney-is-Killing-Children
How about banning cash from unions and planned parenthood. Combine, they donated billions of dollars in just the 2016 elections alone.
In-most-countries-its-Illegal-to-accept-these-payments
They-removed-money-from-the-Political-Process

Only-in-American:
Do-you-get-Quid-Pro-Quo-Legislation-based-on-Donations-and-Lobbyists

Hell,yeah

Eliminate-them-all

starting-with-the-#NRA
How fitting the Democrats and liberals....WOW victims not all laid to rest having a political rally. When the democrats had everything they did nothing about Gun Control. Stop blaming our president blame the GUN FREE ZONE. What a joke from the party that KILL BABIES...
The kids wanted that rally.
@fgcchevy  link
That is our future!  #IStandWithHer Increadible speach, this is a woman who is going to change the world!
When our USAF put lethal weapons in my hands for qualification or training during my 20 yrs svc, I had instant clarity that these are “killing machines,” capable of leveling a playing field in war. Justify anyone not “in service” (children for ex.) having them.   Can’t. America?
That's, right, Emma Gonzalez, shame on them. Their "guns don't kill people" and "arm the teachers" talking points are nothing but BS.
Truly inspiring- she is a shining light in all this darkness.
Wow...that was powerful!
“Killing machines” for 1st defenders through to soldiers, fine. Who else NEEDS a killing machine (assault rifle)? Want guns?  Have them! Have all you want but.., NOT killing machines!  Who are you planning to kill? People, this is America; the gold standard. Our kids are afraid.
@realDonaldTrump @SenateGOP @SenateDems @HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats   just in case all of you in congress didn't get a chance to watch this.  Time to grow up and discuss.

I heard it on the radio and I just cried. Young people should not have to experience this. But I am so grateful for their courage to speak against the NRA and politicians taking their money and for #SensibleGunControlNOW their generation is going to stop this madness. #Parkland
when a man gets a dui for drinking and driving no one sues budweiser or nissan. He is held accountable. Punish the man who did this not the rest of us and hire a new school resource officer. 1who wont setup a perimeter outside of the danger zone. They r trained to protect n serve
Let’s hope Emma and her classmates take down the NRA. They give me hope for the future.
Never will happen , dream on
Then there is something deeply broken in our country.
This is clearly a spiritual battle, not a worldly possession battle. If people want want to kill other people, they will find a way, one way or the other. The problem is that they want to kill people to begin with.
Yes, but we don’t need to make it easier for them to kill the most amount of people in the shortest amount of time.
Exactly! Of course other factors are involved but why is the US the only country that experiences MASS school shootings?? Hmm could it be that you can buy an AR15 before you can buy a beer? Can't we at least agree to ban assault rifles?
assault weapons ban-1994-2004.Compared w/the 10-years before ban,number of gun massacres during the ban period down 37%,& number of people dying from gun massacres down 43%.after ban lapsed in 2004,numbers shot up again-183% increase in massacres&239% increase in massacre deaths
Ban em both then. BTW. Very clever not showing the 30 rd magazine on the “not scary” gun.
Clockwork orange?
What do you think - Englishman in France?
We wouldn't have met in school in every country.
Wheres here cuban flag


What you just heard was #EmmaGonzalez calling out the #NRA #PresidentTrump & Gun Owners across the nation to say we need changes to the way individuals in the #USA with mental illness can find a way to bypass the law in order to buy guns or anyone with a grudge buy #WeCallBS!
Gun Makers & Gun Suppliers should also be held accountable for the acts of gun violence that has infested America in recent years politicians can make new laws or amend current ones. Without the laws, There can be no justice & without justice there can be no laws. #WeCallBS!
Well, If people with a history of mental illness use their car to kill innocent individuals Then, Holding automakers, car dealers & mechaincs should be held responsible as well as the person that's driving the car. That is not stupid at all.
You can't blame the guy who makes the axe for the actions of the man who buys it.
Like I said if he is a repeat offender of using the axe for other than was intended for you can.
I'm going to write this off as a troll....
Your words are right
....Hey GOP and News, Look CLOSELY.  This generation will change the world FOREVER. Nothing you can do, but enjoy your retirement sit on the side line........They are coming for POLICY CHANGES! Your days are numbered.
You mean the generation eating Tide pods?
Well, there you go. A teenage lesbian who wants to take away peoples ’ right to self defense, wearing the flag of a communist country who  imprisoned and murdered gay people, after making sure only the state was armed.
#2A She is a shill
If you take away guns only the criminals will have them what about defending ourselves protecting our children
Out of the mouth of babes we should all support these courageous teens they r our future
So, is it safe to say the kids in this incredible show of solidarity gathered more people than the number of people at 45’s Inauguration? Just curious.
Emma Gonzalez is wearing the flag of a communist country, so excuse me if I don’t take her seriously. #MarchForOurLives
Semi automatic weapons do not belong in our streets.
Is this school a gun-free zone or not?
Yes,,
@HillaryClinton

Omg this skinny heady again enough yaaarabiiii
no one is forcing u to buy ar15s but here u stand telling me that my ar15s that use for 3 gun competitions hunting hogs and deer should be illegal. so when someone breaks into my home ( remember i wont be young forever) when i am 65-70 yearsold. i shouldnt have superior firepower
THIS WAS THE LOCAL LEO’s & FBI’s FAULT! Neighbors, others turned him in! Lost me when she started screaming and politicized it. What did Obama do for EIGHT YEARS? That really disgusted me. Horrible situation, people are murdered and killed through no fault of their own daily.
Really?  And if LEO and FBI had taken away this guys guns and NRA made it public would you be screaming out for taking away his 2nd Amendment rights?  We just don’t get it 
No, duh besides there being 39 COMPLAINTS and because he had made threats, sm posts, expelled and disciplined for bullets in his book bag, aggressive behavior, killing animals, he was in a mental facility, prob on meds, etc. Who the f#%> is going to complain he’s lost his rights?
Tell me, citing the law that makes it legal, what the FBI could have had him jailed for PRIOR to the murders? Nothing he did was illegal to the point of a jail sentence until he actually shot people. The ONLY hope here was that his access to weapons would have been restricted.
That would be your buddy Obama’s fault. He got the gun when he was in office.
And Obama was devastated by the school shootings on his watch. Made endless calls to Congress to step up and pass sensible gun control. NRA and gun owners reacted by buying & selling more.

Doesn't change the question. What are WE going to do about it NOW?
Devastated?  Oh just stop! 
We have GUN CONTROL! What do you suggest that’s “sensible” ????
Mental health clearance, closing current loopholes. Mandatory gun safety training with a permit period before first gun (similar to getting a driver's license). Minimum age of ownership 25. Restrictions of semi-automatic weapons. Personally I think all of those are reasonable.
Criminals will Always have guns...period
Amazingly in countries with strict gun laws they seemingly rarely do, so what the difference there hmmm ... Could it be access to guns?
Those countries also persecute criminals to the max.  Whereas, we think we can rehabilitate them
That isn't relevant to why they don't use guns in crimes and most states have automatic stiff sentences for the use of guns in a crime.
Really give me an example
Have a good day. I don't have discussions with fake posters.
So you are accusing me as a fake? pretty judgemental on your part.
Who wrote the speech?
She did.
She referenced that she wrote it before she knew the shooter had been diagnosed with mental illness & had received treatment.
What's your play here, bub?
I believe it as much as all the others that CNN trotted out are not reading from a script. There were over 3,000 people in the school when the shooting happened. Remember that. Was she even in danger? Did she see him?
Yawn
You should think moving to Mexico and giving an illegal your home.
You should embody what you believe. Stop being a bigot and give up everything you have to an illegal.

They have been brainwashed to believe that inanimate objects are the problem instead of it being a problem of the mind and soul.

They need to look a little closer to home. Trump is not responsible for that shooting
I feel for these kids, and I wish nobody had to go through what they have, but I wont be taking political advice from them. There are plenty of things that need fixing in the system but availability of firearms isn't one of them. It's just the lowest hanging fruit.
DEFEAT MARCO RUBIO, RICK SCOTT and every other GOP politician.  They are big recipients of NRA and other GUN lobby supporters. They take their money and push their legislation. We are with the students.
Entire speech is here:

"In September, a YouTube user named Nikolas Cruz left a comment on a video stating, 'I'm going to be a professional school shooter.'"

Both the FBI and YouTube were warned.…
#StoptheNRA #Peacenothate  #Safetyovergreed #Safeschoolsnow #Changegunlaws They had muskets not assault weapons when the second amendment was written. #Resist #Reform #MakeAmericaSafeAgainfromGunViolence
Great idea! Make guns available in 1791 legal to everybody. Imagine random shooters entering a room with a four-foot long musket, trying to quickly tear open a packet of black powder, pour it down the barrel, insert ball, rag, ram the load down, lift the gun, aim....

This Is
Our Future Speaking
From the mouths of babes sally the most ignorant thoughts and opinions.
Listening to this drivel would be like listening to a 5 yr. old about investment banking strategies.
What an amazing young lady. This world will be a safer place with people like her in it to protect us and fight for what’s right.
Is this rally being sponsored by Russia or Soros?
Awesome speech! Maybe the young people can bring about commen sense laws that we have been unable and or unwilling to do! #timetoact
Courageous girl, smarter than the adult gun lovers in shithole America. Go girl! call on the idiots in capitol hill and your state legislators. Enough is enough.
These precious angry heartbroken young people are going to call BS at the polls! God bless them as they try to heal.
I think we now know the answer to “what would Jesus say?”  Amen to you Emma!  Be louder than their greed!  Bless you!
Stand Up! RISE & UNITE! So proud of All Americans standing together to speak out 4 change! To be part of the solution not the problem! 
Luttons tous ensemble et unis afin de faire pression sur les sociétés  qui fabriquent les armes , on doit interdire les armes en vente libre sans armes en circulation le monde irait beaucoup mieux et les gens vivraient en paix et la vie serait paisible
It’s not the NRA’s fault and it’s not legal gun owners fault, you can ban guns but look at Chicago, get some common damn sense and quit being victims and sac up
ACCOMPLICES in MURDER
Funny thing is, we know that is not necessarily true. These fools never apply their own logic to other causes of violent crime... illegal immigration for example.
We Are All Emma Gonzalez !
Awesome speech.  So sad that nothing is being done.
So inspiring! Our youth will be what will SAVE our democracy.
One of the most important events in the liberation of South Africa was the Soweto Uprising. A series of demonstrations and protests led by school children. More power to this young woman.

@LaurenJauregui duauren is real you just need to pay attention to the synchronicity. pay attention to the signs. 
Our future.
Interesting that a lot of these kids parents voted for Trump. Guess Florida made go blue now.
You'll never get Trump to listen to it. She doesn't mention his name nearly enough.
It seems Democrats always demonstrate against innocent third parties who just happen to not have a voice at the place of some evil event, the cause of which was their own ideology.
@realDonaldTrump might want to see this.
Where’s the anti- “don’t drop the ball fbi / cop” rally?
The young people are standing up for their future. I am not and never will support gun laws. Too many careless people have them and there's not enough love in the world. We should not be having to fight to protect our homes and family.
I'm not sure what change they can actually make, but people like this young lady and her classmates give me hope for the future.
Emma, you are a strong and brave young woman. so proud of you. stay strong and stay safe. gbu
This dike is too emotionally charged to think rationally. #thisiswhyhillarylost
Go girl!
This girl is so passionate & articulate: she talks so straight about the Florida school shootings to give the definitive scenario, cutting through all the #Trump, #GOP, #NRA & #FBI wickedness, excuses and waffle
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS heres what to expect Don the CON!
Why are there so many shootings at SCHOOLS?  Hint: they look like and treat students like prisoners #ParklandStudents  #parkland #parklandshooting #infowars
The blood money from the NRA is roughly about $80, 000 a kid and the value goes down with each new school shooting.
Wow. Her voice will echo across America. Bravo.
The world is coming to grip with reality.... I am move by Gonzalez ' presentation... she spoke well..what I saw of the Marjory Stoneman shooting incidence is heart broken. May God console the heart of parents who lose their kids.
AND THIEVING PRESIDENT WAS PLAYING GOLF AFTER A HARD NIGHT AT THE PARTY!
I am beginning 2 think. That the profit motive is so wound up in our society.#
Unfortunately in a few days time her speech will be forgotten about along with the shooting.
If it’s about guns explain the reason why the country where guns are not allowed have a high rate of people killed, guns are not the only problem, don’t blame just the way things happened but blame what happened
#Resistance#WeLoveYou#WeAreActivists#WeSupportYou#WeVote#WeCall#WeWrite
Such nonsense to see our youth be so misinformed. We all don’t want guns in the wrong hands, this rant only further contributes to the real threat our country faces loony liberals.
Idiot !
Now @realDonaldTrump Listen the Children, We can to do a Best Future for Them. IT'S Necessity for Security. It's your Duty as President. 


Only dumb people cheer for @BarackObama & @HillaryClinton. They have destroyed your liberty. You’re living in a surveillance state with secret courts. Everything you do is recorded. The state knows everything about you. One day it will be used against you. Cheer some more, dummy.
Sorry, but she is 100% wrong about everything she screamed about.
But then, discussing the real issues does not help with your agenda, does it?
So proud!
Successfully brainwashed.
@jihan65
Yes!!! Let’s get these young people out there and make the difference. No more politics as usual.
Emma Gonzalez is my new hero
I am a grown up and military toughened but couldn’t help and started tearing up listening to this tough- bright student rebuke NRA, Politicians, and Trump. Why are we failing our kids to this point? #WeCallBS.
This speech was BS...a good guy with a gun captured the bad guy did he not?
Speak TRUTH TO POWER!!
Bullets are not protected under the 2nd. Outlaw bullets, then they can't scream we took their guns and violated their civil rights. Make the penality for having a bullet 30 yrs in prison 1st offence & 60 yrs in prison 2nd offence. No early paroled. That will stop the carnage!
Propaganda
nice
What an amazing kid. She has passion, she means what she says. I'm proud of her & I don't know her.  Only a sociopath could listen to this and feel nothing. Guns don't kill people, Gun Owners Kill People. NRA is a death cult.
Powerful
Brady bill was enacted due to gun violence against a sitting president, so change is possible!
We love you Emma!!!!
That girls parents should be proud, the raised a badass. Go get 'em Emma.
@lizfordays @samhinsh @tremainekirkman 
Great speech. I hope these students can stay strong and continue this mission bc best case scenario is that it takes a few years to elect people who will pass gun control laws. But, these students have given me hope.
@GOP.... #WinterIsComing

Thank you! « Out of the mouth of Babes! «
NRA,  republicans, and bots are saying they are All in their 20s and are actors. What fools they are! !!!
Wow!! This young lady is on fire and saying the truth!!!
Have all the rallies you want, will not matter. #dontblamethegun
Thank, Emma Gonzalez, for speaking truth to power!
Sorry guys, you will never be able to ban guns in our country. But, it is definitely possible for you to make those laws much more strict than ever before.
Ask me how,to earn over $50,000 within 30 days of trading binary with an expert who will give you login access to your account to monitor your trade and see your trade history with free registration and a 100% trading bonus for a start? It’s for real
Amazing.
Why doesn't Fake news CNN report the real story here Josh?
We need MORE guns in the hands of trained people.  Then you will see this type of horror a thing of the past
Where was this same outrage in December of 2012? It’s funny the sway in agenda when you have a president that people don’t like. She should have written a better speech.
@TomiLahren do you agree?
Good for you! Change has to come from a grassroots level. Who better to march on Washington than the very students most impacted by this latest horrific event. It's long overdue for changes to the gun control laws…
#HAILGRASAPRROS
Where's the outrage for the screw-up of the FBI...#ClintonNewsNetwork
This Young Man had to reload ! Plenty of time for a teacher or Guard to take Him out!! Do You have Guards with Guns Hillary I thought so! Why not these Kids ?
Brava! I truly hope she enters politics, she'd restore honor to the profession.
Shes going for acting not politics
Uncomfortable truth is students hated and ostracized the kid. She won't admit it but it is true. Hated since middle school. So the kids like the self righteous bitch bare some blame for not making him feel welcomed and accepted. I knew there was more to story. Knew it.
Enforce existing laws, take threats more seriously & arm@train a few teachers...done
Very wise for her age!
If anything good is coming out of this tragedy  it’s the courage of the students who are standing up for what’s right. So proud of these young people for taking a stand against the status quo who continue to act as if the American people can’t see through the veil they perpetrate
This need to be seen
her speech is right on target. MickeyG
If CNN..hillary is involved ...its all shit...
powerful and sad. Thanks for sharing Joshua.

Sad that tragedy is turned to politics!
Responsibility lies on the shooter!
The kids acting adult like, the adults like kids.I can't wait for them to grow and take our place as leaders c SENSE.

Bravo Emma!
simply astounding
