
Last time I checked neither are in office so what’s the reason now? Quit living in your fictionalized  past
They’re treasonous crimes play a huge part in why we are de-nuking other countries. Got it, hun?!
Their*
Why aren’t they in jail or being pursued by our justice dept if they’ve commited such crimes?
There will be justice served under this Administration. They are slowly ‘redpilling’ the nation/world for what’s to come. Some of those crimes involve human & sex trafficking, selling of U1 to foreign countries, money laundering, pay for play...
Did you see what the PM of Israel just revealed today? Scary to think what could have been under an HRC Administration!!
You will be reminded like the wildest witch in #Gitmo that screamed day and night for #Adrenochrome
#MAGA #QAnon #TheRainMakers #TheGreatAwakening #WWG1WGA #TheStormHasArrived #GodOfWar #GodBless #GodBlessAmerica #Trump #TRUMPTrain #GodsPlan #GodBlessOurBlueLives #GodBlessOurMilitary #GodBlessOurTroops #GodBlessOurVeterans #GODBLESSTHEUSA #godblessyou
We all hope you get what you deserve too.

At least she was a Lady, and a very dear honest person, who cared about other people, more then l can say about you!!!
What a swinish response to Hillary Clinton's tactful and moving comment.
Don't care for Hillary
What does this have to do with the passing of Barbara Bush?  If you care about manners and class, try reading an etiquette book.
We love Hillary Clinton there is a bunch of haters
Tick tock tick tock
Hildabeast
I’m thinking about B.B. and Molly Ivins dancing with Emma Goldman ~
No, I have no sympathy for ppl like you and the bush family who destroy people
She is burning in hell
خسارة لامريكا ترامب معتوة انتي الافضل لامريكا
Wow... You said something nice. Shocking. Now teach the rest of your party.
Omg your party’s prez tweets awful untrue crap multiple times a day. Ask him to take some time to lead by example
You could never fill those shoes, lady. She had class, grace and dignity and you..... nothing but lies and corruptness poor me ideals.
Think again! If Zimmerman valued your opinion this would mean something to me! HAHAHAHAHA!
To the haters...

911 is over.  TRUMPS THE WORD

HE LET OUR MILITARY KILL ISIS

N KOREA IS IN DEMILITARIZATION SOON

AFRICAN AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT AT RECORD HIGH

A NEW SHERIFF IN TOWN.  CELEBRATING,
You should be thinking about what's happening at our border and how you purposely led people to think we don't need to secure it.  Thanks.
Unlike you. You served only yourself. That's why you lost.
I love watching these progressives on here agree with you, and at the same time, they call her son a war criminal.  
Accept my sympathy and esteemed regards, pls.
Hillary has been pretty quiet since Comey came out!
Trumps days are numbered and his lawyer as well. There should be a special re vote!
A great American lady from a great country as is Hilary Clinton-such a shame you lost the election to put into office the present occupant who to me as a Brit who loves America and is about to marry a wonderful American woman seems to represent everything in-American
He loves the medis
just stop posting. you are irrelevant
You will never be a quarter of a woman as Barbara Bush. Never.
FAKE BACK STABBER
All you have to say is some nice stuff and everyone is like “OMG Thank you Mrs. President good wishes to you. I hope we can see you in office soon”
It keeps your mind off prison?
One would think she'd reach the 93 if she were really related to unkle Aleister?
I always remember her pearls she wore.
Thinking about YOUR legacy of enabling a serial sexual predator and attacking the character of his victims. YOU, madam, are no Barbara Bush!
Finally a Tweet of yours I can agree on & like.
yes she was an outstanding lady.  you should have followed in her footsteps but alas...you could never!  you will not get the send off she got...we will celebrate when you finally leave this earth you B!
Please let Bernnie Sanders to run for Presidency. Thank you,
Your a pig... no one cares what you think
Outstanding FLOTUS, like yourself! Dedicated her life and family to this country. No matter what party, the sacrifice and her spirit was remarkable. A mother and wife is the toughest job, and she was one to our fine country with dignity, grace, and wit! Never to be replicated!
Bill Clinton is a rapist

She was a satanist just like you
You are both evil women
I agree with your sentiments spoken so eloquently
Your day is coming CROOKED HILLARY.
It's sooner than you think
Hillary,  Barbara Bush was a true american.  I see where you are selling your losing 2016 campaign files to the Demo’s for over $1.7mil.  You dont have any loyality even to your own crowd.  Obama gifted his list.  Crooked Hillary is a perfect name for you.
@BarackObama @realDonaldTrump 
Sick of my tax dollars being wasted digging up dirt on Trump while the evidence is blatantly clear against Hillary and Obama
زمانی که جوان بودید به نظر می رسه خیلی قشنگ و خوشگل بودی کاش زنم میشدی
You’re great, Ms. President.
She hated you as much as you hate yourself!
Such kind words.  Now release those 33,000 emails you deleted Hillary!
And you leave nothing but disruption to our democracy and a vast criminal cartel.

Your husband should have been in jail while sitting in the oval.
On this morning, 40 years ago, my life changed forever. On 4-25-78, I was brutally raped by Ark AG, Bill Clinton. I have spent the majority of my life trying to forget..... and watching the Evil thrive.   A timeline of that day follows.......:
Rip
We need support for u madam
We need support for u madam
She wouldn't approve of your actions nowdays
Just shut up and go be governer of Arkansas
How many women did Barbara Bush silence because her husband raped them?  How many White House Travel Office officials did Barbara Bush frame and fire?  How many White House interns did Barbara Bush give jobs to buy their silence?  You're number one in all three departments Hill!
She was an amazing lady
Than YOU entered the WH and did exactly the OPPOSITE! Secret Service Agents were assigned to you as PUNISHMENT! You stole, you broke, you vandalized and screeched vugarities like a drunken longshoreman on fleek! And those were your GOOD DAYS! 
She was a class act, that’s for sure!
Too bad you're not as genuine or gracious.
You are an phenomenal woman as well
Oh yes, Alistaire Crowley's " likely" daughter, how could we forget!???
SATAN!
For sure Barbara Bush was greeted and welcomed by God our Father. You on the other hand needs to repent for all your sins otherwise I pity the day you meet God. Worry you at all? It certainly should.
Really? How lucky you are that she had nothing to do with politics.? I lived in Texas 26yrs and never got anything but torture beyond belief especially including Bush's backyard.
She was a good person .an so are u ...I voted for u hoping u was goin be our president...u r a special woman u inspire a lot women ...I am a disable woman who lives simple don't have a lot but I do have respect for u an just prayed we would have u in white house .
But only because she hates President Trump almost as much as you do, right?
Extraordinary family! Um, OK
bless
She was a real first lady with purpose and worth, unlike the lier Hillary
Lovely mother
Nasty woman
Only thing I agree with @HillaryClinton
Yes I hate seeing all of our heros pass
Dear Mrs Clinton, you are always so generous. I continue to admire you
Mrs. Bush hated you
Remember you lost. Here's something for you
hillari gud nait . l m good .

Beautifully stated. Mr. Obama put a smile on 1st Lady's face. I think he has that way about him.
You should take lessons
Barbara Bush had class you’re just evil and wicked
You are rude
Hilary people don’t appreciate what you have done for this country
She married and raised Sith Lords. You really don't know "what happened"? Really? You're a complete fake. That's why you lost.

Your old take a nap
To bad the same can’t be said about you. You belong behind bars.
How does one say thx after a person is deceased.  ?  Rather   ate Hilary
What will your legacy be?
I’m going to tell y’all one time. Stop talking shit. Stay off her page.  We are better. #maga.  Your acting like them. Stop it


TRYING to testify against Hellary! They'd have been safer living with a pack of wild hyenas!
It’s like “liking your own tweet!” Pff, who would do that?
Luv U Hill.
Aleister must love having his daughter home safe AND WARM.....
Yes think hard and long about who she is.  A woman of truth not lies.  You need to come clean and get out of your lies.  You lost the the election because of your lies and because you have lost touch with those of us who work hard for a living.
#BarbaraCrowley #Alaister #Witch
After your #deplorables comment, al your words sound hollow to me.
hhhhhh



Let me join you to say, thanks a million to Barbar Bush for her services. Rest in Peace.
keep Barbara's name out yer mouth. She's three times the woman you will ever be. She knew what being a "Lady" was all about. You don't have a clue. You're just a political sellout interested in lining your own pockets.
Yes she is part of your legacy simply because she likes to eat children like you do
I hope they meet you guys one day Bill and you but if not still no you guys are cool s***
I can’t believe you wore pants to her funeral and a jacket made with a panel of draperies. 
You mean Barbara Crowley.
Yes--the Clinton's and the Bush's--are politically tied at the hip. Two crime families. Hillary will never be the #presidentress.
Considering her husbands family’s business supported Nazis and had to have it shut down and your mentor was a KKK member who filibustered against Civil Rights it’s now wonder you have kind words.
Too bad nobody will ever say the same about you!
I crack up every time someone post this pic.
What do you think she said to The Great I Am?? Her dirty ol man Bush did some bad things and she know!!
Very well!!!
Shut the hell up!!

You mean the mob boss's wife?

Drain it? Flush it! Flushing is faster. 
and you will never be remembered like Barbara Bush with all your lying cheating acts you still could not be elected POTUS I thank God every day you are not my POTUS u lying b---h
What did she know about the #crookedclintons that she died???
That's it, Hillary Clinton, I wish you a lot of health
Yeah! Lets celebrate a family of war criminals!!
Please explain who "They" are Hillary. Who wouldn't let you be POTUS? Who is "They"
Everything was Rigged for you.  You were the worst Candidate I've ever seen. You can't be honest 1 second
You are such a classy lady Hillary!!
Hurts the soul when I think of what could have been..instead of what we got! 
Agreed but also it awakes the soul as well.

of course. you are all members of the same club. Luciferians. We the people of Earth paying attention spit on your arrogance, hypocresy and lack of integrity. May your body suffer what you made millions on Earth suffer.

Why would you be thinking of her sons, you've never said a nice word about them
I watched you sitting there 
Wondering
What will they say at my funeral 
#Benghazi 
#UraniumOne 
#CrookedHillary 
You will NEVER have the legacy of Barbara Bush
Graciouss words
So how does it feel to be the most evil woman alive on the face of the Earth now that Barb has passed?  Have you been celebrating with cheese pizza?  Maybe some blood and semen spells?
FACT - Barbara Bush could not stand Hillary.

Swing from a tree bitch.
Hope you and your fami well

She'll be waiting for you in Hell.
We  America's
Patriarchical 
Republic!
You are beautiful
And you must be legally blind...
Your legacy will be one of lies, corruption and hopefully jail will be in there somewhere!!! #LOCKHERUP #GOTRUMP #LIBERALISMISAMENTALDISORDER
From 1 great First Lady to another,  madam president 
It was awesome to see GRACE AND BEAUTY walk before you dark empty souls...yr face hill...oooo sooo jealous!
You couldn’t beat 1.) a dope-smoking block party organizer, 2.) a dandruff ridden old Commie from Vermont, or 3.) a reality TV host. It’s not “they” who stopped you, Honey Bunny, it’s YOU!    #UnelectableHagBag
Truth hurts
Yes, Barbara Bush was a classy, decent Lady.  Unlike yourself.
pupr
You are the best 
I agree! RIP she was a lovely lady!
milchenkolp

@milchenkolp
 30 мар. 
 
Еще
Самое подлое ничтожество на Земле это, так называемый, человек разумный. Если он не остановится в своём эгоцентризме, то уничтожит Землю... Уже не однократно!..
Rest in peace BB, now only his Good works accompany her before the trial that nobody escapes.
what about when you said it takes a clinton to clean up after a bush?
You’re so classy- love you HRC!
If I were you I would be thinking about hiring some lawyers....
Please be quiet Hillybilly. You couldn’t hold a candle to Barabara Bush.
Nice, normal, polite, kind thing to say... and out come the haters. No class.
What will you be remembered for? As first lady I remember you standing by your cheating husband as he lied and was impeached but hey married to you anyone would cheat. I also remember how much the Secret Service hated you. They probably all voted for Trump.
Class Act. Thank you. We’ve forgotten how to be decent human beings because of the nutcase #45 in office. 
Muito bacana da sua parte.
You are a very classy lady, Hillary.  I hope my great-nieces grow up to be like you.  Wish you were our President.
I don’t care
Well said!  Thank you
May your soul Rest In Peace
I’m glad you attended her funeral! Regardless of Party we all should respect people!
Isnt it funny how the whole world hates you @HillaryClinton and you will NEVER be president.
Yo KILLARY, you were right about 1 thing, The AMERICAN PEOPLE would NEVER let YOU be president.

