
The MAGAts are trolling. Block the troll.
Thank you for Russia's spin on fake news. Dasvadanya!
That's because you're unable to recognize the truth. Better luck next life.


Russian bots. Lmfao. No I’m 100% American. It’s pretty obvious to me the FBI is stacked against Trump. Insane. Put the crack pipe down. Let it go you lost get over it. Nut job !!! It’s been a year they’ve found nothing. Put down the CNN & MsLSD. Crazy !
Here's some of the nothing they've found:
Stupid.  If you had a clue they have done nothing wrong....  but you’ll grab anything you can & run with it !!!! Because your a libtard with no hope !!!  Keep watching CNN Mslsd & they’ll keep lying to you because they know your dumb enough to believe them. Smh what an idiot.


MAGAt cult meme! 
Great picture of your dad!
Actually that's Merkel's dad. Factsfirst If you knew any facts at all you'd be too embarrassed to carry on w the Russia BS & realize you defend a satanic, cannibalistic, childraping Witch! I mean all those words literally. PYHOoYA Paulette. QANON stop being a sheep, learn.
Love how MAGAts try to diss real media. Probably cuz their own reich-wing tabloid garbage penetrates their weak minds. Back to mommy daddy's basement, time to wash down your meds with a tall glass of Koolaid. #Cult45
Hillary Clinton did not lose the election nor did she rig the primary. The presidency was stolen from the people’s popular winner of three  million more votes. #HillaryIsMyPresident
An I guess you 3 mil live on Mars and can't vote legally
http://fixwork.online/?id=37783 
If you are happy with Hillary a serial killer babies un born. Go for it. Live!!!!

and then she defended a pedo, defended a rapist, demonized a rape victim.. 
yet her minions see her as the messiah.

i will never side with the generation that eats tide pods
Hillary Clinton is nothing but a political Criminal
Such a suck-up post. Shes never done anything that she didnt figure would return a profit. You crawled in bed with a crook. #DemExit #NoIncumbents in the primaries. We're going to #SendAMessage that we want you to #StopRiggingElections.

Good thing she didn't have a bullseye on your forehead!
She also sold 20% of our uranium to Russia but...
Another Kook Aide drinker

http://crickinfoemation.blogspot.com/2018/03/memoirs-of-international-fast-bowler.html …
Did she steal that money also?
Hypocrite Hillary Stop taking NRA bribes. Remember when a NRA lobbyist threw a fundraiser for Hillary on March 22, 2016. I do. 
Both parties corrupt
One question Latina Thrump lover - How are you able to love someone who hates Latinos(you)?   Pray tell.
he hates u  i’ll get on ur level!!! I’ve already given u way to much of my time so good luck in life, I will pray for you that’s all i can do 
She so deluded shes pretending she's married to Harry? Omg! You can't make this stuff up! What a total loser! 
She's a prime example of how delusional liberals are today!
Excuse me while I puke!!
Hillary why did you lie , and say you don"t know the origins of the Russian dossier,?  when you commissioned,
compiled,edited and payed for the dossier.
Where do you people get your information? Fox or white supremacists at Breitbart?
Must have been her guilty conscience that made her start the group. For defending a child molester.
Get some help... sad thing is America will have to pay for her existence behind bars just like we have paid for her crimes for decades.
Don’t break your arm jerking yourself off dude. Seriously tho, best of luck!
#ImStillWithHer
#MAGA
Sex

https://trib.al/Pg0eNSV 
All while Hillary Clinton extols the virtue of an origination that MURDERS 850 children each and every day
#PlannedParenthood

I find it incredibly ignorant people still give to this Alzheimer's pantsuit gueen with no substance Trump is bad how pethitic an argument
So nice to be a Samaritan.. ....i wish http://some.one ..who can find me  and employer in London or canada or australia as a care giver
.

More stupidity from a deplorable.

And why we are proud of her!
And y r u following her? dumb ? so I thought ask u another dumb ? for u  more on ur level !!! What has ur president done for u or better yet how bout all those innocent kids that got killed what has he done what about vegas shooting the biggest in history how did he handle that
Go for it.

The spectrum between people who love and hate Hilary Is fucking sickening? You people are fucking stupid. Very fucking disappointed

Love Hillary.

HILLARY SUPPORTED THE TORCHER AND KILLING OF CHILDREN!! WAKE UP PEOPLE!!

(DEN OF THIEVES)
http://xitapdf.landssoapseries.com/programmed-to-kill-the-david-mcgowan-75750860.pdf …
See what else this crook contributed on "Scandalous" Sunday nights.  I lived thru it ... all true.  She defines immoral.
Hillary Clinton= Al Capone
So she threatened your life? Or your families life?

Please join us and honor the rightful President of the United States https://twitter.com/impeachdrumpf1/status/965336570193522688 …
20 years ago she was facing charges in the Whitewater and Travelgate....
@CharlesOrtel Is this name in your #Investigation I don't seem to recognize it ?
You sure scraped the bottom of the barrel.

Congratulations

Nc
How much money did Hillary profit from that? She does nothing for free
Stinky
Lock her up
bonsoir

.,z ZX, nno zl,
., ZX zo
greg, you need to up your standards, lol
That’s disgusting
BHF is a non governmental charity organization that helps less privileged children in Africa, we need donations to fund our charity organization God bless you as you donate (Firstbank 3091189546 Bright) or you can send through Western Union
What a sick idle you have think of all the people that she's killed and all the harm that she's done in her life in the last few years and I can't think of a worst person to look up to.

Good one... Service is always diversified, humanity will always be better for it, especially our children.
@DonalsTrump lied about her she's fabulous, he's, a nothing
Right, and now she's draining funds from her own foundation, paying foreign agencies that failed to help her win Pres. Elect Campaign....She should be paying the families for the lives of Ambassadors/ Representatives of U.S. in Syria and making amends while they were murdered
Thank you.
Another one to check out!
Just don’t cross her or you’ll end up with cement shoes!
Hillary you big liner woman on the earth
Y'all basically arguing over wether or not horse shit smells better than cow shit.
May God have mercy on your souls.
Blah...
Blah...
Blah...

Remember White Water, Pay2Play, Bengahzi,  Haiti, unsecured unauthorized server... should I go on??? Real question ~ do I really need to???
You have helped no one but your families!
Run Greg Run.... she's pure criminal and evil. #criminalclinton.
Hillary needs more prison time
Was this before or after she got the two the rapist off?
I love the Clintons. Nothing anyone says will ever change that. And, besides, look at the deplorables in the White House now. Pitiful.
Congratulations! (Ignore the bots, trolls and haters) 
Yeah ....like we want  New York and California deciding who should run this country for us...
Hillary's Latest Book.
A fascinating incredible book on Hillary's demented delusional explanations on why every living soul on Earth caused her to loose a "rigged election".
"Delusional reading", by Baphomet.
"Two Thumbs Down", by Bill Clinton.
Right ????!!!
Just like her Clinton Foundation helped the Haitians by the Clinton's pocketing over $1 billion "donated" US dollars.
Such wonderful "scum bags" of humanitarian generosity by leaving a trail of hundreds murdered and defamed for "their cause" !

Thanks for the props for her. All they try to do is hate on her 7/24 on Fox!  Like she’s president.  No we have this sociopath instead
How much money did she bilk you out of?
Congratulations, but you have a hard job ahead.  Protecting access to healthcare for children is crucial for everyone's future-
never thought i would hear someone proud to work with hillary SMH
Someone who cares about children...unlike Drama Donny.
And her husband Bill pushed his manhood and cigars into a young intern. What a great couple

Your sick
It is just a shame Hillary didn’t follow that in her own for profit only lifestyle. The abuse she gave to the women her husband abused alone is horrid role model. Add her corrupt business dealings and how she would take money from people for her own profit
After today's news, you just may be President yet, @HillaryClinton
You liberals are nuts. Totally unhinged and seriously in denial. lol
Congrats GregHale1 you are certainly joining a wonderful effort to restore & support change.
I'm sure there was money in it for her
HILLARY!!!! I'M STILL WITH YOU GIRL!!!!!
So what happen to the billions dollars to help Haiti
Then skimmed more off the donations than went to the actual work.
Facts that liberals always ignore. Can you imagine the outrage if this was Trump’s or any other Republican’s foundation? 
Gotta laugh at liberal faux outrage.
You have got to be kidding




Now thats funny.    People like yourself are the reason our country is in such a mess
#PedoClinton #Cannibals  
https://youtu.be/JHzNsfehDnc 
And how much money did @HillaryClinton suck out of it?
Sucker!   Don't go against them, you'll end up suicided.

أثبتيلي انك تساعدين الغير وأنظري في قضيتي واكون لك شاكرآ انتظر ردك الآن 009647507027817رقمي الفيابر ارجو الاتصال فأنا فعلا محتاج مساعدتكم ألانسانيه
أثبتيلي انك تساعدين الغير وأنظري في قضيتي واكون لك شاكرآ انتظر ردك الآن 009647507027816 هذا هو رقمي على الفايبر والواتس اب  فأنا فعلآ محتاج مساعدتكم ألانسانيه لكوني تضررت من داعش وقتل ابني واغتصب داري
Dude - English, please.
And 3 presidents ago you attacked women who came out publicly to claim they were raped by your husband.
Congratulations Greg. What an  amazing team you are.

"Best life"???  Do you mean in the sense that Hatemonger Hillary has done her best at lying, cheating, stealing, bribing, breaking as many laws as possible, running rough-shod over anyone who gets in her way, attacking innocent victims?
Another pay to play
What else are you going to say?


Gag me
Congratulations! Wonderful work!

Now I'm just gonna spend some time reporting all the trolls commenting here.
Awesome! Congrats!
#prisonforhillary
Oh lord, yep hell of a poster child for our kids. Teach them they need a village for everything they do
#StillWithHer #StrongerTogether #shesmypresident
We thank God for Making You Hillary Clinton you do so Much Grate Things too Help Humans ! Pat & Curtis Helms !
As far as im concerned she needs
Get out and politics and enjoy before she passes.
Here's Hillary and other Dems that agree with @realDonaldTrump about illegal aliens before he became @POTUS. Even @BarackObama agreed.

#TrumpDerangementSyndrome
I thank god every day that I wake up that Hillary Clinton is not president of our great contry
Hillary has appointed board members to her various foundations that have left consequential legacies. Here is hoping you live up to the standards of Gilbert Chagoury, Vinod Gupta, Victor Dahdaleh, Sant Chatwal, Vikram Chatwal, Gulnara Karimova, Amar Singh and Claudio Osorio.
Be the love you wish to see in the world... Let the joy of the Lord be your strength! What have you done for Humanity today?




Uh yeah
Late term abortions....
Has 
" BETTER LIFE"
Written all over it
Haiti.....
Benghazi ......
Bleach bit of
30,000 emails 
Hammering phones
Purgery 
Rigging an ELECTION 
ALL have that PUSH
to be PROUD 
1 in a million






That's great, Greg! AACF is a stellar organization, and you are wicked awesome. Congratulations to everyone!
Pay no attention to the bots. The facts prove clinton is a well meaning public servant.  Political? Yes, but after literally years of GOP investigation always within the law.
Congratulations!
She has always been a champion for kids and families. #ThankYouHillary. Hope to see you soon.
No she has not there's one race that she lied to so bad that it wasn't even funny and there's proof she told these people she would help them she didn't do Jack squat nothing tell me you don't believe this story and I'll dig up the evidence

Kinda like how they helped Haiti?
Hillary is for murdering children. How is that helping them?
Enough about how Hillary is a good person records show she is not and never will be.
22 years ago @HillaryClinton also called African American Children “Super Predators” #HillaryClinton #Democrat #BlackTwitter #Liberal #SuperPredators
On ya hilly
Undoubtedly there was something in it for her.
Wonderful woman!!!
Terrible woman

It must have been for the pay check 
Of all the requirements we have in life, the most critical one is to align to purpose!!!  Thank you...
ThankU 4sharing! Helping &serving the country, esp women&children is a life-lone dream of @HillaryClinton
ThankU 4sharing! Helping &serving the country, esp women&children is a LIFE-LONG! dream of @HillaryClinton

Dear @HillaryClinton: Consider the Parkland shooting. Then ask yourself:

How many collective man-hours do you think the FBI has wasted on "investigating" a conspiracy that your team and the DNC manufactured…
You will be rewarded with blood money ! Hillary is a crook and you are now complicit
She was bitch slapping women who came forward saying her hubby cigar billy was trying to dip his stinger in their honey too.
So you joined the Clinton Crime family. Watch your back.
https://scout.com/college/ohio-state/Board/104375/Contents/Doctor-who-exposed-Clinton-Foundation-corruption-in-Haiti-Dead-112175898 …
Don't get caught in Bill's harem!
98p
Good
Congratulations Greg. Very proud of you and Hillary Clinton. Keep doing good job and inspire us on distant lands...
Helped fund, not with her money.
You Liberals praise a woman who is conniving and deceitful!  Are y'all that blind or is her shit really that good that nothing else matters!!???
Giving away other's money.
My condolences for what MUST BE a pathetic life. #clintonForFTLeavenworth.
Omg, you are a total embarrassment.  You can actually say that with a straight face?

But then she messed up the election and the world has to deal with Trump...

Congrats man

Did you bring A checkbook pal.. LOLOLOLOLOL
You better watch the moneys!!
#TheStormHasArrived
#TheStormIsUponUs 
#FollowTheWhiteRabbit 
#QAnon
Congratulations! At a time when our hearts are filled with sorrow once again,  you give us reason to smile and have hope. You are an example of inspiration.  Thank you. 

