Love you so much Hillary
Our president Hillary Clinton
Not president, never will be.
OK you happy
This person is a trumpanzee. Pinned Fox tweet, so...
@Assassin2seven - so?  you have a problem with that?  I don't really care. A fox tweet!  Yeah, that was the exact moment that Trump won the presidency. does that make your little head explode?  if so, good!
Go home. You don’t belong here and we don’t t care what u have to say or what you think. Delusional
Proverbs 18:10
The name of the #Lord is a strong #tower; The righteous run to it and are safe.
#Jesus our #Christ  #FollowJesus #OneNationUnderGOD
#Jesus #Saves  #RedeemerLives  #OneNationUnderGOD

We love you !
Our president Hillary Clinton
Nope. Thank God.
And for killing millions of kids
You’re thinking of the NRA.
You need to educate yourself before speaking. The NRA does not promote killing !!!!
They don't do anything to prevent it.
The NRA doesn't profit from it like PP, in fact the NRA promotes gun SAFETY. Maybe look into NRA  history before spouting off. They defende Southern blacks from murderous democrats.

How are you.
nice to meet you
Good moning ~
Im a korea music musician  &
an arranger man  ~
Im is your respect.
And your true mind good  ~
Im your Cheering Hillary Clinton.
What a wonderful photo. Thank you, @HillaryClinton and @CecileRichards for your efforts to help and empower women and girls. Know that so many Americans (and around the world) appreciate your tremendous work! Can't wait to see what @PPFA will be up to next! #ThankYouCecile
How many baby girls do you think the 2 of them are responsible for killing?!
Thousands upon thousands!
Blastocysts and zygotes are not children #FYI
What constitutes life then? Are they, or are they not, a living human? Regardless of whether you consider them children, is it a living, breathing, heart-beating organism with human DNA?
Organism and child are different terms. I don’t like abortion but I’d die a million deaths to defend a woman’s right to choose it. I have compassion for those who have been abused and those that have made bad life choices. This will stay with them forever!
I agree. Please do not try to take away a woman’s agency/decision on what to do with HER own body. And there are so many factors involved in the decision to abort i.e. sexual assault, etc.
Its not  her own body !! That is a childs body and she has no right to terminate  it,  ! Period  end  of story !
Thank you Madam President for continuing to stand up for all of us..

 #SheWon 

#PowerToThePolls 
#StrongerTogether 
#LoveTrumpsHate 
#StillWithHer #MadamPresident 
#TruthToPower
“We are living through an all out war, on truth, facts, and reason...it’s the beginning of the end of freedom.”

~ @HillaryClinton…
Madam President? Didn’t you hear she lost? Buy a newspaper.
Good morning mam Allah bless you and your family jai Hind
STILL WITH YOU MADAM PRESIDENT
She lost. TWICE!!!



Baby killers.
Republicans don't give a crap about fetuses after they become living breathing humans! @HillaryClinton @CecileRichards
By killing over 800 super predators a day..... your one sick individual.... bet it wasn’t your grand babies parts she was selling behind everyone’s back for a nice car
Congratulating, a women who kills babies for a living. Amazing.

You’re correlating mass shooting to 15 Million black babies that’s been aborted since 1973? 900 black babies aborted each day on average. In, 2014, 652,639 abortion reported to the CDC from 49 reporting areas, your ok with that! PERFECT!
Silly! I’m pointing out the hypocrisy about your false equivalent. You yell and scream about being pro-life, but you really aren’t. You are concerned about abortion but not at all concerned about the countless lives taken in gun violence. Once the babies are here, no concern for
As my mother said one day they will smile on the other side of their faces when they meet the Lord.
Libs keeping it classy. 
Talk about classy...
Tell Mom and Pops I said hi!
Womens right to... abort their unborn baby, however they see fit? 

Whenever it is most convenient, or inconvenient? 

For any reason they choose? 

Since it is their body and their baby? 

People under hypnosis recall memories (and even decisions made) while being in the womb
They literally don’t but ok. And more importantly why should you have any say in a strangers life choices?
I did not tell anyone to do anything, except google the facts that were rebuffed. What you heard inside your mind (judgement?) after reading my tweet was not me, but a part of you. Getting to know oneself intimately can resolve internal conflicts, free up energy, create more joy
Firstly what? Secondly who are you to tell someone what they are going to do with their bodies and their future?
Firstly, I wasnt talking to you, I was talking to the other you. Secondly, as you review my posts you’ll discover I never told anyone to do anything (or anything different) with their choices, or their future. Are you awake? Or sleepy? What time was it?
Hurray for all the killings, right Hillary?? Oh yeah!!!!
1 Clinton sucks 2 Clinton’s blows !!!!
Bewildering to think Hillary & co. live in their own fantasy-world mentality that says someone has the right to end the life of another human. Science is not with you on this, lefties. Gross recognizes grosser I suppose..
Planned parenthood does a hell of a lot for women that *isnt* terminating unwanted pregnancies. And even if they didn't, abortion is legal. Its fine to disagree with it, but to be bewildered by the idea that women should have a choice in the matter of pregnancy is crazy.
They really don’t.
STD screens, pap smears, mammograms, prenatal care, research.. Essentially anything related to sexual health. Yall really need to learn to research. You guys are slamming an organization you know nothing about? That seems so crazy to me.
Planned Parenthood doesn't offer mammograms lol. Literally everything you listed here, including mammograms, are offered by federally qualified health centers.
They definitely do mammograms. Planned parenthood operates a multitude of federally qualified health centers. You should really just research planned parenthood man, dont take my word for it.
Oops i forgot to include a condescending "lol"
Do you know who founded PP and why?
This is much better. You kill baby's
Does she? Interesting
wow , as always such class



Totally disgusting 
A woman who fought for the right to make the decisions that affect OUR BODY!! thank you @CecileRichards 
#prochoiceisMYchoice
Killer.
I'm sure in your catholic world you have no issue w priests molesting little boys but you're all up in women's business aren't you??
I'm sure you're wrong.  And it is everyone's responsibility to defend the defenseless.
Where death is celebrated. 
Jacob Schwartz is Deblasio staffer and Vice President of the New York State Young Democrats.

JACOB SCHWARTZ: arrested for infant (6 months old w/adult male) pornography in NY. #137EMQ 

The Political Elite and Their Pedophile Problem
@NYCMayorsOffice @BilldeBlasio @RobbyMook @davidbrockdc ....  All Close friends......
Not much of a surprise, is it? 
I read stuff like this and I wake up happier every day that your not POTUS.
You're
God is truly looking down thinking this social experiment has gone wrong.  Calling abortion “woman’s health”.  Comedians making jokes about abortion.  It’s a travesty that the left are convincing young girls that they have no other option.
Then your god must be apoplectic over the current administration's shenanigans, grifting, and lying going on.
No comparison!
True, the GOP has made it more difficult to avoid unintended pregnancies as well as not helping those who do want to be pregnant. The idiocy is too strong.
I would recommend educating woman on how NOT to become pregnant.
Also, how about educating men and boys to prevent pregnancies, too?
In a perfect world.  Woman bear the brunt of unwanted pregnancies.
So you don't think men and boys are capable of being responsible for their own sperm? Why would you be so stupid to relinquish their reproductive freedom that way?!
Our president Hillary Clinton
Aaaaaaannnnddddd      Wrong!
Millions of babies unavailable for comment


In charge of an organization that murders unborn children is a proud Job to have. Hope you sleep well
Blastocysts are not children.
Hillary Clinton, Ann Richards and Lady Bird Johnson 1994 LBJ Dinner.
I remember this with her mom. 



Yes..your awesome at killing babies..women have NO RIGHTS to their bodies when there is another human life inside!!!!!! Keep your flipping legs closed!!!!

Hillary, your statement shows that you share in her mission. You will face God one day, alone. Are you good with this?
You will likewise face the same fate (apparently)
Yes. God has promised I'll get in because I have accepted Jesus as my savior and follow his teachings. I pray Hillary, Cecile and you will do the same.
Actually you’re missing a couple of viral components to that.
Viral components?
Vital - I’m sure you understood. The fact you’re pointing out a spelling error rather than anything theological shows your true mettle.
Viral is a common word these days, as you know. I am not the kind of person who makes fun of typos (unless they are accidentally funny).
The works of your life will be put into a brazier. Revelation explains the act of intercession. The book of Daniel explains it more poetically. Paul explains the process as belief in the heart and confession with the tongue. Chaff and gems, we all get judged the same.
I have a hard time understanding how @CecileRichards is for women’s rights or human rights when she is responsible for the murder of millions of defenseless babies who had no say in their own future. #AbortionIsMurder #abortionisnothealthcare
Blastocysts aren’t babies and strangers shouldn’t involve themselves in the affairs of others.
Have you ever heard a “blastocyst’s” heartbeat at 6 weeks?  I have. It’s something you don’t forget.
Would you say that a 6 week old fetus is self aware?
Would you say someone in a coma is self aware?
Yes but that’s a verifiable fact. You can’t verify a 6 week old foetus’ awareness.
And you also can not verify that it is not. You’d kill a heartbeat?  That’s pretty “scientific” of you. It’s that kind of rationalization that has resulted in over 50 million abortions since Roe v. Wade. Does your neck ever get stiff from looking the other way?
President Clinton!!
Where have you been for the last one and a half years? SHE LOST
She actually won but the electoral college wpppinted trump. Read the constitution you’ll understand why that’s a particular issue!
It's been that way since the beginning. It's fair and it has worked. The country doesn't need NY or California deciding our elections.
It actually hasn’t. Electoral college is designed to intervene during a 3rd round tie without the need for a 4th election
I don't know about that, but is also designed to prevent the highly populated areas from deciding elections.
That’s the point of democracy. Andvits written in the main body of the constitution.
For all the women and girls in my life, thank you very much, Cecile and Hillary.
Everyone is waking up! I wouldnt want to be you when the mass population realises what you have been doing. 
“They won’t even be able to walk down the street!” #QAnon #MAGA
I, join my hero Hillary Rodam Clinton in thanking Cecile Richards for all her work. I am personally a beneficiary of Richards's work.
Should be Hillary Rodham Clinton. My apologies for incorrect spelling.
How many humans lost their lives (and their rights) over the last 12 years under @CecileRichards leadership?
Erm...none
Unless you are not born yet......
So I guess y'all are celebrating ripping the arms off little babies like this congratulations y'all must feel so strong.
I wouldn't want to be Cecile Richards or HRC when I face my Maker on Judgment Day!
Thank you for fighting for women's reproductive rights.
Fighting for womens rights to murder.
So, @CecileRichards killed more human beings than all mass murderers combined? And, she’s someone you admire? Ok, I think I have it all now. Thanks you. #QAnon @realDonaldTrump @POTUS #PlannedParenthood
THIS IS WHAT WERE FIGHTING FOR! #WEMONSRIGHTS #FREEABORTIONS #PLANNEDPARENTHOOD #FUCKCONTRACAPTION #WHATSACONDOM #WHATSBIRTHCONTROL #ONENIGHTSTANDS #RANDOMSEXWITHSTRANGERS #CALLITRAPE
Jacob Schwartz is Deblasio staffer and Vice President of the New York State Young Democrats.

JACOB SCHWARTZ: arrested for infant (6 months old w/adult male) pornography in NY. #137EMQ 

The Political Elite and Their Pedophile Problem
 Yes Hillary, Cecile has done so much for women — especially the small helpless ones 
https://truepundit.com/numbers-heres-exactly-many-babies-murdered-cecile-richards/ …
Human rights, really, what about the around 60,000,000 human beings murdered in mommies tummies since Roe v Wade, what about their human rights?
Blastocysts aren’t humans
There'd be about 40% more black ladies in this picture if Planned Parenthood wasn't stationed in black neighborhoods everywhere.
Thank You!
Just think some of those aborted female babies would now be 12 years old.  Just about to enter womanhood... ahhh but F them they were just an inconvenience
What about that innocent baby’s rights as each limb is torn from its little body?
Barf barf barf
And you all hate the NRA
She is thanking a woman who sold body parts from babies. Let that sink in.

You will all be in prison soon.
Thank you for not taking up knitting.
Let follow me back
Women's rights matter but not babies. So basically being a woman means it's ok to freely have unprotected sex and if you get pregnant with another human being it's ok to slaughter them in utero. #PureEvil
#AbortionIsNotBirthControl
...and where unborn babies' rights aren't.
Baby killers.
Fucking murders
Babies are humans too. Richards is a ghoul.
a fetus is not. That is the law in this country.
Yes, US law currently makes that arbitrary distinction. Yet babies are still humans.
So glad I have this picture. Working for Jason Kander 4Senate in 2016 in #STL #CecileRichards
Jacob Schwartz is Deblasio staffer and Vice President of the New York State Young Democrats.

JACOB SCHWARTZ: arrested for infant (6 months old w/adult male) pornography in NY. #137EMQ 

The Political Elite and Their Pedophile Problem
This really has nothing to do with me.
Jesus wept.
#CrookedHillary and the #ButcherOfTheDecade .  #maga
Yes and thank you for using my tax dollars to kill all those unborn babies in the name of health care for women. It's murder, plain and simple.
Are you Retiring? Seeing you around for 30 yrs is enough! By the way I supported you in 2008 & gave 1K to your campaign. That was the worst mistake of my life!
Please get lost!!!
Margaret Sanger sends her regards.
Murdering is nothing to be proud of. This is satanic.
#RaminHosseinPanahi has been transferred to solitary confinement and according to his brother, is scheduled to be executed on Thursday. Earlier, #UN experts had asked the #Iranian government to revoke his death sentence. #StopExecution @ramin_committee @UNHumanRights @UN_HRC


Reason No. 9,999,999 why I can't stand you.  Any of you actually.
This woman seems unfazed by what’s coming for her - people in the medical/legal world would describe her as a sociopath.  #QANON #HumaAbedin #Pedophile #Pedovore #Killary #JUSTICENOW
How many deaths does that equate to. 12 years x 600k babies a year.
Great Job
What she really means: thanks Cecile Richards for all the campaign dollars.
So does that mean she use the taxpayers money that funded Planned Parenthood to donate to Hillary Clinton?
That's what planned parenthood does. They'll be spending a lot at the midterms too.
She will burn in hell as you will.
Even the vile comedian Saturday night called what happens during an abortion> "Get that baby outta there."
It was sick these people are evil the Devil as taken over the Democratic party.
So, the babies were not "human?"
Blastocysts aren’t human

Not a blastocyst
Keep telling yourself that.
Well it very clearly isn’t
Very good. Keep it up.
Well im@glad you’re on my side!!
3.5 million dead.  You like that, huh?
Sad that you would cheer this.

Yes...congratulations on leading the largest mass murder franchise in the history of the world ...your efforts will definitely not be forgotten...your day of reckoning should be a memorable one
Sickos
Real shocker that you celebrate this vile, disgusting person. One of you is the #ButcherOfBenghazi and the other the #ButcherOfTheDecade
¿#ThankYouCecile... "gracias @CecileRichards"? ¿Por qué? ¿Por haber logrado más de TRES millones de abortos en sus 12 años de gestión?¿Por el tráfico de órganos de bebés abortados en @PPFA? #asco
Two peas in the same pod... a disgrace
This is sick. Ripping fetuses out of the womb is considered championing for women? What about those babies who would have become amazing women? Don’t care abut the huh?
That how you got pregnant in the first place typical Democrat
Thank you for killing more and more black babies is what @HillaryClinton meant to say...
Congrats on being so good at killing unborn babies!
Mrs. Clinton, I think the reason you lost the election is because of Rice Krispy Treats... Yes it was either Rice Krispy Treats or Sidewalks... Let's ban them both. They are both Deplorable and Racist. 

#DingbatHillary 
You're a hoot. Keep crying. 
Genocida hija de mil putas

Except for those female babies, who are just the cost of doing business
Blastocysts are not babies
Agreed. How about gastrula? They appear around week 3. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gastrulation …
Thanks for taking us & these kids far enough to at least know their rights. SCREW REPUBLICANS!
This is what a real president does while in office...
Benghazi, oh hey Hilly...how is that Iran deal doing? Any chance we can get the pallet of cash back?
Benghazi is a redundant argument since nothing criminal was found.
Buh-Bye Planned Parent Hood. You and your Grande Dame of Evil are about to exposed to the World. Sale of Infant parts to Chinese Consumption. EVIL!
#HumanTrafficking #BabyParts
#ThesePeopleAreSick
You should be ashamed! How could you praise that evil woman who led a murderous organization which is responsible for millions of deaths - #babykiller
You obviously don't know or respect the laws of our country.
And you obviously have no respect for human life. Shameful!!
This is what you have wrought, you evil women.

May she rot in hell with you. She has the blood of millions of innocent babies on her hands.
Hell doesn’t exist
Two remarkable women that have faced the most criticism but never backed down or insulted anyone. I’m grateful for your dedication and hard work to women’s rights. We need more strong passionate women to keep fighting. #thankyouboth
@sonny_scroggins
Unless those women are still in the womb
Heyo!
I will not rest until you, Holder, Lynch, Obama, Podesta, Comey, Strzok, Page, Ohr, Soros, Rosenstein, McCabe, Mueller, Weissmann, Wasserman-Schultz....are brought to justice !!  JUSTICE FOR ALL !!!!
Human rights... You mean like those of human babies?
Or what about those like who live in #puertorico who are US citizens?
Are you the 3rd or 4th clone by now? #WWG1WGA  #Pedovores  #deepstate #Pedogate #epsteinisland
Except if you’re a female fetus, then your rights mean nothing to these money hungry pieces of trash. We will see the day when human life is protected and cherished once again.
Hillary Clinton will never ever be your leader and that’s a great feeling . Start listening to a real hero . His name is DJ Trump and don’t you ever forget it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What a family - 2 amazing women. Bless you in every way!
What about the unborn women's rights? All women deserve better than this.
Your face changed alot..hiding something?

Oh by the way, f++k you for buying and selling baby parts.

We know the truths.
We also know about RED CROSS AND JET BLUES

You will go down..don't think you are safe. You are done

I know you laughing thinking you untouchable. 
#Qanon
Yes thank you 
For killing all the future Doctors, Plumbers, truck drivers, lawyers, community leaders, Democrats, Republicans and comedians. Although Michelle Wolf was an unfortunate oversight.
Please tell me more about how you forgave your KKK Grand Wizard mentor Sen Byrd. Why did you forgive him for lynching, calling them n***er, spitting on them, squashing thier free thoughts, for that one I used as a foot stool, for dehumanizing them,etc?
When are you going to say my husband's dick was in every woman but mine and cost me the election.
They ripped babies from the womb in pieces and sold the parts for profit. 

Aren't babies also a delicacy for some? #SpiritCooking 

The people you associate with...
Wow. What a leadership #HillaryClinton

U are a strong woman forever
Yes!!!! 
! Thanks Hillary Clinton!
Thank you ma! For been you,for fighting for the good of the women!
Thanking Someone Who Gets Up Everyday To Kill Babies Is Just Sickening And Disgusting !!  #AbortionIsMurder
Dear freind,have you read about the woman's pink tax it's a scam with all women's personel products!! They pay $1,300.00 extra taxs every year!!
Thank-you Lord for not letting this woman win the #presidency , not once but twice! #grateful We were saved from another one who celebrates the death of babies. Killing made attractive  by being called ‘women’s rights!’
That’s rich coming from her of all people.
Thank god you lost
Sick, sick people...
Just imagine all those future female leaders that were never given a chance at life.
Abortion is not human rights - it's murder!
What about the rights of the millions of female babies she slaughtered?
Cecile is a Chip off the incredible block and that Block would be Proud!!
You disgust me! Thank God you will never be president of the United States of America!
Unless you're an unborn baby girl of course.
#stopthekilling
#womenbetrayed
#abortionkillsbabiesandhurtswomen

Thank you @CecileRichards and @HillaryClinton for murdering all those unborn babies over the years. They probably would have become Trump supporters #BabyMurders #MoneyforDeath #SickSadWorld #HillaryforPrison

You're actually ok celebrating a monster who oversaw the death and dismemberment of 3,888,000 babies in her 12 years of leading @PPFA. Who exactly did you mean when you spoke of #deplorables?  You deserve to rot in a jail cell. #lockherup #imwithher
If everything is above board at @PPFA then why is @TheJusticeDept investigating fetal tissue transfers? You people are evil/sick!
#qanon #GreatAwakening #TaxCuts @POTUS
One supports murdering babies in the womb.
The other pays hit men to kill folks with dirt on her family.
Weird, that connection.
What about the women Hillary abused & had shut down for speaking out about her husband, Bill, who sexually abused them? Let me guess... #fakenews this time?
You need to stop reading Breitbart, watching Alex Jones and listening to Hannity.
Not a fan of Jones or Hannity. I watch and read everything. Mainstream, left, right, uni student thesis’s, opinions of intelligent people from both sides of any & all debates/arguments. Also, facts. You should try it sometime. #maga
Baby killers.
You misspelled blastocyst
Love trumps hate.
Still I don't believe that Hillary is not president but Donald Trump. But how  American have chosen
 trump not hillary it's unbelievable .
3.5 million HUMAN children sliced and diced by this monster on the alter of convenience. #ShameOnYou
Dead babies should not be celebrated ladies. Especially your own, babies you profit off of, babies that are not your own, babies whose hearts were stopped ,babies sacrificed to moloch.  #RELEASETHETEXTS #UNREDACTED #DOIT #QANON @realDonaldTrump #SAVEOURCHILDREN #REPENTNOW #WAKEUP
Your truly ‘true’ truly world...
#MAGA #QAnon #TheRainMakers #TheGreatAwakening #WWG1WGA #TheStormHasArrived #GodOfWar #GodBless #GodBlessAmerica #Trump #TRUMPTrain #GodsPlani #GodBlessOurBlueLives #GodBlessOurMilitary #GodBlessOurTroops #GodBlessOurVeterans #GODBLESSTHEUSA #godblessyou
Yes, thank you @CecileRichards & #PlannedParenthood for providing: birth control, ER contraception, general healthcare, HIV svcs, LGBT svcs,  health svcs, patient education, pregnancy testing & svcs,  svcs, & STD testing/vaccines/treatment.  Oh, & abortions.
I can’t wait for 2019 when HILLARY PREPARE TO GET WHAT SHE EARNED TWO YEARS AGO!!!! #ARealPresident#
we appreciate ur hard work and also luv u
Women's rights to the exclusion of all others. Not women's rights, but women's privileges.
Cecile, you are your mother's daughter. I know HRC will agree with me when I say that our beloved Governor Ann would be so proud of what you are accomplishing for women. Thank you for all you do.
Why is it acceptable that because you had a sexual encounter and the result was (what a surprise) pregnancy-that you get to decide to snuff out a life- only because the victim has no voice. Maybe he/she wants to live- irregardless of your plans.Don't kill me MOM!

You will all stand in judgment
Preventing biologically matured females, from having the choice to marry; is a cunning way to promote abortion blood.

There are enough resources on earth, to cater for babies and all.

#SayNoToAbortion
"And for all your donations to my foundation, and my favorite charity--me!"
Lowest of the low
Why is it ok for my exes to be given power over me even though I continuously did better than them. That’s so sexist
Thank you Cecile for all you do and Hillary I so miss you but you look MARVELOUS in this picture.
A picture speaks a thousand words. You look so happy doing what you love and we share in your enthusiasm. Keep current and keep reminding us who you are.
Yep, now I know I made the right decision with my vote. Thank you taking away all doubt
Thank you Madame President Clinton for everything!



Amen
Yes! What Hillary said:)
THE ELECTOLS RECOUNT OF THE VOTES AND PUTIN LIED HE IS THE MAN IN CHARGE OF IT ALL AND THEY HVE BEEN THE ONES EVEN WELL SAM IS HAS BEEN DOING WRONG TO MY DEAR FRIEND FOR YEARS BY HYPNOSISING HIM AND THIS IS NOT GOOD AT ALL WITH ME HE IS MY DEAR FRIEND AND I DO NOT PLAY ABOUT
Thank you Planned parenthood, Cecile Richards, and those who protect women’s health!
Would you run this baby through a wood chipper? How about a week earlier? How about 5 weeks earlier? How about 18 weeks earlier? How many weeks earlier would you personally run this human being through a wood chipper?
So sad. Abortion stops a beating, human heart—a human life. All other rights come from the right to live.
You were the one that told everyone to fight. It literally was your campaign song. The fight song. Now you want me to not fight for my life
Thanking a woman who runs an organization whose sole purpose is to kill the preborn, the most precious of life, is nauseating to say the least. So glad you’re not our president
Saw her on @TheOpposition she was wonderful.

Except for women in the form of babies
I scream: women DO NOT impregnate Themselves!! More money has to be put into “planned parenthood” for “free”birth control, so single women won’t  be left to make a scary choice, 18yrs or abortion, kids are expensive & work . Where are the fathers? Who helps w diapers,formula?YOU?
You are one sick degenerate. How can you possibly praise a women that has overseen the murder of millions of children? Oh that’s right Mrs. Margaret Sanger award winner. No wonder you lost the election! Tone deaf to those who take offense to abortion.
Hey Hillary!  How is that Uranium One thing going?  I hear you were planning to start WWIII with the uranium and blame Russia.  Not now you evil woman!  OUR GOD is in control now #MAGA
