Parkland student survivor Olivia Feller speaks out on conspiracy theories that outspoken survivors are hired "crisis actors": "People are just surprised that students can speak up with such eloquence and stand up for themselves." 
You mean these bad actors? And since when do you care about humans you grotesque murderer! #ticktock #hillarysnoose #swingswing 
#Gitmo cell being prepared. They may even give you #MarthaStewart sheets.
And they didn’t think anyone would catch on to these phony actors!
She thinks we are #Deplorables and uninformed but we are not.  I think she should sleep in her cell at #Gitmo on the hard floor.
If you are not willing to disarm your security team, than you like all hypocrite liberals , always make special exemptions for yourself.
Thank God you lost.
I don’t get why people want to get rid of guns while are soldiers use them to protect our country. We’ve forgotten all about them while trying to get rid of guns which by the way is a bad idea.
aren't we being a bit hypocritical?
Haha, Iannis, je blijft wel bezig met Hillary he? Maar vind je die scholieren uit Florida niet indrukwekkend? Ik wel.
Waaro vul je dat voor mij in? Waarom niet concentreren op waar het werkelijk over gaat? N plaats van de emo?
zeker Gonzales, geweldige speech, maar Clinton en wapens? Wel gelezen het stuk? Of typisch Twitter, wel commentaar niet lezen?
Maar verder : even goede vrienden hoor
hahaha :) Nogmaals, laten we vooral kijken naar wapenhandel en hoe ook bijvoorbeeld Nederland daar heel veel geld in verdient.
I stand with you!
You are an opportunist. Stop trying to depict children as moral authorities.
Hillary gave just under 20% of our Uranium to Russia (without congressional approval) in exchange for what?? Obama sent 1.7 Billion dollars to a Iran, a Hostile Nation (without congressional approval) In exchange for what ?? This is TREASON !
Spouting off nonsense that any educated Google user could easily disprove. Look up the facts, that isn't what happened at all. You shouldn't believe conspiracy stories like that blindly, know the difference, do your research from REAL sources, not internet chat rooms.
I see someone is offended by facts lol
You shouldn't talk about facts, I see you have the releasethememo hashtag on your profile. If you cared about facts, or America for that matter, you'd stop promoting Russian propaganda. It's FACT that the Russian troll farm (Internet Research Center) started that. (Source FBI)
However after looking at your profile I see you most likely work at the Russian troll farm.
The whole Russia/Trump thing has been debunked already. Are you saying I'm one of the mere 13 Russians indicted ? lmao
Debunked?  You mean completely validated?

It's gotten so bad that Rump has stopped denying it and started blaming Big O, a man whose shoes he can never hope to fill.
Collusion and Russians coming your way crook! And liar to Americans !
They only attack and smear people with power, that causes them to feel threatened. Problem is their attacks won’t work, these kids are smart and will not be stopped. They have #TheResistance behind them.
So proud of this kids. They honestly give me hope for the future of this country.
You talking about truth WOW
#ImWhitHer
They are our future leaders!
These Students will be remembered fondly by History.
We as Democrats need to keep speaking out against the GOP's priority to protect gun sale revenue - and in fact are looking to increase it.
Maybe you should read up on American history and the foundation for the 2nd amendment
Russian
I was adopted from an orphanage.  That's right I'm an immigrant.  And still understand the history and value the constitution more than liberals that have lived here their entire life, and take this amazing country for granted
Russian bot
Lol. Nope.  Real person.  You moron.  What you have a litigate argument,  so you're Judy Gina call me a bot? Liberal logic at its best. Lat I checked Russians were on Hillary's side lol

Hillary is the president we should have while Trump is what we got. What a ripoff! 
You Trumpeters can cry all you want, but I know that you can’t even gather enough courage to use your real names and faces. Bunch of cowards. This comment isn’t going anywhere. 

Hillary is the RIGHT president. If you disagree, go argue with your ancestors. 
We the trumpsters don't cry and whine.  That's be your liberal jobs lol
Take your hatred elsewhere @MaryJaneLadybug.  Also, don't insult those sweet little bugs with your name, because you are NO lady.
Wake the F up have you even watched the video she posted?? DO IT WATCH IT Its 100% true
Who cares about your opinion Killary..We all know you want to take our guns away but it will never happen!!!
You're one of those mentally ill who was soooooo glad Trumpty Dumbty reversed the restriction on the mentally infirmed's purchase of guns.
Our only hope is that the braindead among you use them on your own body & not on others.
THIS is how a president should react today.
Wish you were president, we could use a person who cared about people and construct a sentence too.
These kids are awesome. They bring something the adults don't have = courage
the irony of people saying these future leaders are tools of the left, with no evidence, when it is demonstrably provable who are the cowards and puppets of the #NRA
They did the same BS  to the Sandy Hook children and parents. Dismissed them and MDR ppl think they didn’t exist. Not this time. We re here for the kids and parents- will march with them!!

Also, people are focused on being without morals and blissfully stupid at the same time.
Thank you.

Enough with the false flags...the world is on to your agenda! Except for the tide pod eaters who don’t know you’re using them and will eventually lead them straight to their deaths. #Pedogate #NicolasCruz is a victim
One, seriously, that shot stain is a victim? What are you huffing? Tide pods are bullshit, fewer than 100 people have eaten tide pods(small kids aside). It's a dumb joke that dumb people actually believe. 10 years ago everyone was having "rainbow parties" (no, they weren't)

As much as I dispised the women on The View... I admire these kids! As usual Joy and Whoopi are at their soecislty ‘dividing’. The kids on the other hand kept to the issues.

They have drug sniffing K-9 Dogs,, Why Not Gun sniffing Dogs at the Schools!!
BOY! Wouldn't it be great if Hillary stood up and told the truth, of course she would never see daylight again but here s hoping.
The only way I will ever watch you on TV again you liar, murderer and Lolita Express Passenger.

THANK YOU @POTUS for hosting an incredibly important dialogue today on how to keep our children safe. And thank you to the brave students & families who spoke today. Our administration is taking action to combat…
Go away Russian colluter
Go back into the cave you came from
I admire your courage to speak up the truth. America is in your side.
No it's not
Yes, it is.
According to the election, it is not.
Math is hard, isn't it?
No worries.  Trump will be arming teachers! Yes! No more gun free zone sitting pigeons for you to pick off killary!
YESSSSSSS
Don’t give up!  November is coming!  #BlueWaveIsComing #ImpeachTrumpAndPenceNow #ImpeachTrump
Thank you so much!  Nevertheless, she persisted!
I agree, the should stand up gor what they believe, but I also believe they shouldn't be used as pawns in political gains. #youaresad
The Obamas and Clintons have colluded with hostile nations: Iran, Russia and a few more. And giving Aid or Comfort to nation\s that are hostile to US or Allies falls under Treason: us18 § 2382 , and Conspiring with a hostile Nation\s falls under The Logan Act of 1799: us18 § 953.
I didn't violate @Twitter's terms of service in any way, facts are a lot more important than you're emotional outrage towards Trump..Just because facts offend you don't call me a Bot 

The reason you cheer them on is because you planned a gun grab had you become POTUS. THANK GOD that didn't happen.  That's why you were instrumental in having Justice Scalia murdered! Your own daughter outed you on that one, when she said, "Now that Scalia is out of her way..."
What happened Hilary
YES QUEEN!  

We will fight 
Queen of treason
Please stop manipulating our youth for your unconstitutional political agenda. Your goal of government over people will not win.
NOW the TRUTH. https://www.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10156105644193815&id=697438814&notif_id=1521935297387254&notif_t=story_reshare&ref=notif …
@TheView great Hillary
Beware set up by the Deep State!
The truth is you are responsible for their murders and the facts of what happened.
She is so full of shit, she's starting to leak.


You need to form a March on Parklands Sheriff's Dept for lack of response, and also the FBI for their lack to follow through on the warnings!!! I thank God everyday that you lost, because your still a loser!!!
Dont make them safer guns or no guns didnt have these problems  in early  years,mental hospitals closed ,mentals in the street,American  way breaking down,race religion, oppiods
The kids have definitely educated the adults this week
they applauded corrupt sheriff Israel. The kids do what they are told to do.  This generation is the weakest we have ever had.
Hey Hillary ~ the NY Woods are calling, they want you back! Run really fast before you go away for good 
I like this about Hillary. We need to get Jeff sessions on board. Without an attorney general she's not going anywhere. Wake up sessions. Or let him be fired. Put Pam Bondi in.
Agree either Pam Bondi or Trey Gowdy would be EXCELLENT choices!
The truth. You do not know what that word means or what it is when speaking.
Oi tudo bem para acabar com crise basta fabricar ou imprimir dólar euro real em grande quantidade dólar moeda única continente americano      Marcelino Barbosa De souza do Brasil um abraço.
people aren't surprised that students can articulate someone else's thoughts well.. we would be surprised if "the future" of this country, even just one, represented by the media had a novel idea, good or bad, about how to fix this.. we have videos of one being coached already

We need to harden our schools and protect our children just like the court houses, banks, jewelry stores, celebrities and you!!! #MAGA
The View SUCKS ! SO DOES HILLARY !
Your brain washing these kids they don't have any idea what their saying they are kids for God sakes
Yes it will.  Very proud of the students we are behind you.
Stop now Hillary you are using these kids to make you look good, let the REAL President work with them to make changes that are needed You need to shut up no one cares about you're opinion
How a real dignified leader responds. Thank you, legitimate president.
Don't forget about me,call me when you get this heh heh signed Bill Clinton

WHY R OUR AIRPORTS BETTER PROTECTED THEN OUR CHILDREN IN PUBLIC SCHOOLS ? !
Put Metal detectors with alarms & safety equipment at entrances of All Schools
Marshall High School in NY had them, i was in 8th grade & that was over 30 yrs ago. Require all public buildings b equipped !
You're an idiot
Pot calling the kettle black?
I’m still with you madam president
You’re a monster

Yes, every single one of you should get Medals of Honor, Purple Hearts, and the Nobel Peace Prize to say the least. You have given me 24karat HOPE for the future. Regarding all issues, not only gun issues. Keep up the brilliant work. Don’t let the jerk-offs get you down.
Thank u Hillary Clinton, madame president!  Still with u!
I wish they would also focus on the systemic issues which failed to prevent this tregedy.  The gunman was identified by many as very troubled, how could so many systems fail to respond to the alarms???
Don't you have some baby eating to do? Can't murder us all Killary. Hope the waltz with Satan has been worth it because you were tricked. It's over.
Are you also PRAISING ALL STUDENTS who still support the 2nd Amendment? All students who testified there were multiple shooters? THEY ARE BRAVE, RIGHT?
Why don’t you share the post about the young man who is part of the #JROTC who gave his life while helping his fellow students get to safety?
Madam that coming from you should be inspiring to these kids. You have stayed strong in spite of the decades of verbal and emotional abuse heaped on you. Thank you for your voice in these troubled times. God knows we aren't getting it from our White House.
If you have noticed ALL mass shootings occur in Gun Free Zones (thanks to Joe Biden). The answer to mass school shootings is to end Gun Free Zones and arm the teachers with high power rapid fire pistols. 
Yer, I hear the NRA want to BAN schools!!   oh lordie lordie.
https://twitter.com/TheRealJuIian/status/964706059184033792 …
Hi good old Great Britain hear .when are you going to do something about mr D Trump? 
We over hear are getting a bit fed up with him . God knows how you are doing.
I thought people mourn first 
Prison for YOU!! SNEAKY
You know about smears and stains heh heh signed Bill Clinton

You husband should've done something after Columbine.. duh
THAT & over a #BILLION & you too can #Lose the #Presidency ! 

#HangEmAll4Treason 
#InvestigateObamaPresidency 
@jeffsessions @DevinNunes @SenateGOP 

#MAGA  #2A
This does not prove at all that there r not paid crisis actors. @CNN does it all the time. They are even changing actual survivors questions they submitted because it wasn’t on script. Why when we show that it does happen, you don’t also get mad at them for trying to discredit u
Everyone applauds the efforts of young folks to have their voices heard, that is what makes the USA so great, but it is a shark without teeth and as such must stay in the kiddie pool. @NRA @NRATV
Sounds good. But you've had a great chance to help shepherd in meaningful gun control legislation for nearly three decades. Walmart is doing better than the Democrats.
Hey a lot of this was created by CNN and Democrats to get votes. U people are using guns to get votes.
Coming from one of the most corrupt politicians and notorious criminals of all time @HillaryClinton
So happy this woman isn’t our president #notmypresident #forreal #shesdeplorable 
So so amazing I am In awe !!!!!
Yikes
Spoken from someone who knows how to stand up to hate and lies and come back STRONGER! Thanks Hillary!
This is an attempt by Democrats to brainwash you and make you believe that anyone post against Dems is Russian troll
Hillary supports LAUREN DUCA!

Time running out for the Clinton crime family. No Deals.
Yes, these students need to be protected and I'm proud of their courage and what they did. I like what you did Hillary. You didn't stand up for Ben Ghazi when they called for your help. Shut up and go home.
@TheView You need to be jailed...people really hate you for your deeds...non american
@HillaryClinton where you after the shooting at Little Rock army recruiting center???
DOJ. HOP,to it.
Look at the way @HillaryClinton plays these kids.  She hides behind them to pimp her ideology.
Im tired of listening to them whine, honestly.  Had their school resource officer done his job, this might not have been what it was.  Oh and Hillary, there is nothing you and your big mouth can do to make it safer, liberals have already tried many times and FAILED.
Please go away and shut up; so thankful you are not our POTUS.
Majority of Americans are behind these students.
Still full of Grace. We miss you Madam Secretary.
Yes, their remarks were well scripted by CNN, weren't they!
Yes, Parkland students, she is all in for gun confiscation and had she been elected her plan would've been realized. Thank God she wasn't! Hillary wants to know "What Happened" ? God happened!

Well said
We know what this smear campaign is about. They’re all in shock because of the outrage these kids are feeling. And how vocal they’ve become.  Good for them. #TIMESUP!! For everything including School shootings.
Bismillah,,,,God ,blessing you,,
Green Paradise Students

But...they did? Like, there were tons of interviews at the time?
but not with the guys who stop it
It’s amazing to me that the most well funded lobbyists in this country that promote their pro gun agenda are in ultra-snowflake mode over children protesting. They’re literally against an anti-death-by-gun agenda.
This is the real agenda:
As I said repeatedly throughout the presidential primaries: Clinton was the only candidate for gun safety measures and willing to stand up to the NRA.
Really? 170 million murdered:
Wow... people are so narrow-minded. This is about taking a stand after tragedy, people! Stop making it about bashing someone you dislike! Surely there are more productive uses for your time and energy. Thank you @HillaryClinton for recognizing the strength of theses students.
The bad news is, YOU BLEW THE ELECTION AND SET OUR COUNTRY BACK DECADES.
LOL hillary U don't know what truth is! However, truth known, U were the instigator of this shooting.  NO? I call U on that one!
Thank you Hillary, Trump needs to be kicked out of office.


STFUP Hillary! Your CNN , Clinton's  News Network just got busted by Florida News Media for giving out script notes to students being  interviewed! 
How Low Can You Go?  Much lower than a snake! 
These students are traumatize and CNN your  network uses these poor children! SHAME!
So proud
figures you'd quote the hags from The View. figures you'd try to play this incident where everyone from the school admin, police, mental health workers and the FBI didn't do their jobs. you wouldn't know the truth if it hit you in the face.
WoW big deal !!! In Europe 5-7 years old speak this way !!!
No Hologram Hillary, they were clearly coached by the Cannabis News Network what to say. I don't blame them, but rather the junkies at CNN.  You meanwhile ignore the fact that FOUR cops stood outside the school and did nothing.

They only attack and smear people with power, that causes them to feel threatened. Problem is their attacks won’t work, these kids are smart and will not be stopped. They have #TheResistance behind them.
Love you so much ! You are the True Leader of our country!!!
Nothing new! All stage managed.Look what our Government does, eg talking to children in a school.Hand picked and from upper class families.Not kids from poor estates and in need.
Hey belly. How many guns surround you and the rapist? When are you going to have them turn them in? Inquiring minds wanna know!

«Syrian fathers find their children among the killed» را در YouTube تماشا کنید
You mugs have done nothing to help solve the problems of mass shootings. Obama’s legacy of 8 yrs faffing around with healthcare while 10s of thousands are murdered every year by guns and probably less than 10 from terrorists!!
I’m iyy
I have called Senator Tillis and Senator Burr and asked them to pledge to not take anymore money from the NRA in honor of the 17 people that died in Parkland, FL. Here is Senator Rubio's reply. https://www.cnn.com/2018/02/21/politics/rubio-nra-money-cameron-kasky/index.html …  #VoteCourage
Have you also called on Hillary to stop taking money from countries that stone women to death and throw gays off buildings? #Hypocrites
Isn't being eloquent part of what we want our students to learn in school? I praise the young well-spoken examples of America's youth. They are the future, Trump and NRA are the past, way in the past. These students should be applauded not cheapened.
The NRA is in the past yet the richest man in the World says his company would not choose sides or react to calls for boycotts.  Those that did will see a major decline in their profits.  Let’s watch and see how long it lasts
For those second amendment types.  What happened to "well regulated militia"?  There is nothing unconstitituinal about regulating firearms.
Yes truth I love you all, I love Democracy,I love you Hillary Clinton

With all due respect Hillary didn't men with guns protect you for 8 years?
Radical action is required.
It seems the death of innocents isn’t sufficient.
They might as well have had an NRA membership drive! People are now joining the NRA in droves and a Fla. gun show was filled beyond capacity!
We Love these students!
This coming from a woman who cheated during the presidential election. Lmao. This lady needs to accept her loss graciously.
@TheView hil did you have a hand in this shooting? Mirrors Benghazi. Many warnings. Stand down orders?
These kids, their message and perseverance makes me very proud to be an American

BOT.
Nobody cares what you think Hillary.  We want our uranium back from Russia.  What do you think about that?
Yell it was her administration that made these school's a gun free zone there by allowing this kind of free for all like she and others Lawyers pray on this kind of criminal behavior.
And this:
Says Annie Oakley Clinton...
What will make you shut up and go away?
Keep talking TRAITOR. I guess your ok if US uranium drops on us from NK Missiles
Your right Ms Hilary, I have reached the end of my rope with this school shooting. Every time news shows the students talking or a clip of the shootings I can’t help but cry the entire time. With this person in the White House I feel nothing will be accomplished.
Yes, "louder and stronger"


Guns don't kill people. Testifying against the Clintons does. #HRC

#ClintonBodyBags #ClintonBodyCount 
Dear Parkland Teens:  Keep fighting.  We will support you.
So called adults in the government - the elected officials that work for us - can't handle the intelligence & wisdom of our youth! They need to be locked in a closet, fear for their lives and not come out until all assault rifles are abolished!
So finally everyone is seeing #fakenews #FakeMedia for what it is #sensationalism #FactsMatter

Some also need an eye wash with molten lava. 
@TheView those young kids....wow so proud..will be our future leader..thank you ..
The stupid runs deep in you don't it 
So proud of them.  Just look at the ripples they have already made.  It will turn into a giant wave, politicians won't know what hit them!
Stick to the script kids
i love you .   . . onestop.., . auto.., . clean.., . memoryrefresh.., . 89spacememory.., . 89150.., . 89sundigit..,..,..,..
i love you .   . . onestop.., . auto.., . clean.., . memoryrefresh.., . 89spacememory.., . 89150.., . 89sundigit.., . do,free" . . 89sundigit.."hardfreefrom" . . mp3hard.."..,..,..,..
. . onestop.., . auto.., . clean.., . memoryrefresh.., . in&onyouonestopapproximateenoughendhardfree" . . 89hillarykozma.."..,..,..,..




And now it would be nice if Hillary actually spoke the truth!
#ParklandStudents In case you were too young to remember. Look up #Benghazi too.
##FloridaSchoolShooting You have the right to know.

Thank you Mrs. President. Our TRUE president.
Shut up
To bad it was scripted.
Truth is relative, so what do you really mean? Thanks for agreeing with me?

I am with you Hillary! Trump thinks otherwise about you. I suggest he look in the mirror before he posts disgusting tweets all the time about you!
Too bad the FBI and local law enforcement failed miserably.
