Monica Lewinsky 

You should know!! You tell untrue stories all the time!!
Well, you should certainly know something about storytelling!  
Jeffery Epstein @BillClinton @HillaryClinton @SexTrafficking3 #sweetheartdeal #keepkidssafe @BarackObama @ClintonFoundat

What you really mean is "Me-dom", don't you?
You know all about #Storytelling DONTCHA?
Tell us the story of Benghazi
That reply is so old. Boring
So you find murder of Americans to cover up for her corruption boring?? Thank GOD people like you are in the minority.
You should know, you've sure told a lot of stories in your life. Whoppin' ones at that.
I Tim 2:3For this is good and acceptable in the sight of God our Saviour; 4Who will have all men to be saved, and to come unto the knowledge of the truth. 5For there is one God, and one mediator between God and men, the man Christ Jesus; 6Who gave himself a ransom for all...
YOUR STORY TELLING IS NOT THE GOOD KIND, LIKE BEING SHOT AT BY A SNIPER WHEN THE VIDEO CLEARLY SHOWS THAT IS AN OUTRIGHT LIE !!  NOT GOOD !
EVERYTHING YOU SAY IS A LIE, YOU JUST HOPE THAT WE ARE NOT SMART ENOUGH TO CATCH ON....  IF THAT IS ALL YOU HAVE TO OFFER, THE SAME OLD CRAP, AND THE GOOD OL' BOY WAYS THEN YOU ARE NO GOOD TO ANYONE, ANYWHERE !!!
What about the women in America?There are women in America with values for life,love for their families yet strong enough to be heard and you turned your back on them.That’s the difference with conservative women.We don’t need a woman to find our worth.We are independent thinkers
Oh my God you reply to Mrs. Clinton is absolutely RIDICULOUS!  It’s a waste of letter clusters.
If you think HRC gives a shit about any woman then you’re the ridiculous one.
Thank You Hillary!

Dunno what shes shocked about.
Let's fight for womans rights !!
what rights do men have that women don't?
#StillWithHer
Lol more like madman because she sure isn't the president. I'm sure she is in her own warped mind.
Lol typical liberal response. Doesn't take much to trigger you people. President Trump sends his regards from the Whitehouse and Hillary from hers in the nuthouse.
Geezus lady it's been a year and a half now, living in a past what if world won't change anything, get over it! Read a civics book for Christ's sake or at least cliff notes on what constitutes a constitutional Republic. I'm almost embarrassed for you.
Reinforcing the victim status. It will never end. Genuinely empowered women have automatic respect from all. They get there by refusing to be victims,  it cant be any other way. Your advice is deeply flawed
Yeah, there's no question you've told lots of stories, but far more worthy offerings are out there! Finally, folks whatever’s true, noble, right, pure, lovely or admirable--if anything’s uplifting or praiseworthy--think about stuff like that.
Story telling...   you mean like the time you landed in Bosnia under fire?
Yes you are the best STORY Teller of all times! ! !
Hillary, your book tour has taken you to all the bigger cities. I have been a fearless follower of you and President C. Since I lived in http://Arkansas.my  email is mwallis@outlook.com. I would like to purchase one with your personal signature. can that happen? I will pay.
I would rather have Hillary as my President then @realDonaldTrump CORRUPT Donald Trump!
Too bad
The only threat to democracy here at home is YOU and your Deep State criminal cronies undermining a duly elected president! Rot in hell you POS!
Duly elected lmao and he's so presidential the whole world despises him and all you MAGATS
Give it up @HillaryClinton you've damaged more women than a small army of men (liberal's at that )
Please be quiet until your indictment? Thanks!
What you. Want. To say?  Please.
And thank you for telling your story and warning all of us about the current disaster we are in. Most of us listened to you.
She put us in this mess.she wanted to run against Trump because she thought he was unelectable (Pied Piper) giving her the edge. The DNC fixed the campaign against Sanders, didn't listen to the supports who warned if it's fixed they won't vote for her & now blames everyone else.
What utter and complete horseshit.  Be gone with your #Talibern self.
This exactly my point

Your not moving the conversation forward your trying to silence opposing views with statements like that. 

The party is playing the wrong game and it will leave our entire democracy vulnerable to extremists to the Far Left or Far Right. It's a dire problem
Everyone is, welcome except #BurnedByBernie
Tick tock......

Adrenochrome
Do we really need to hear more Hillary stories about “what happened” when America rejected you?
Between you and James Comey I don’t know how two people who have been told so many times by the American public to go away keep popping up and speaking. NO ONE CARES!
I guess now that you’ve lost all influence and the world and enemies of America have stopped donating to that wishing-well foundation you’ve got to keep the checks rolling in. Keep on then...


Thank God America was smart enough not to elect you!!!
I’m happy to trigger your miserable ass this evening 
That's great, you'll always be  "A woman in charge"...proud of you...
We know you're quite the story teller/LIAR!
The world is a better place because Hillary Will Never be Anyone's President 
#LockHerUp
Hey dimwit, we don't have a democracy, we have a republic.
 Gitmo. The storm is coming.
She helped destabilise Libya, funded terrorists who have raped women, stood by her husband who has been accused several times of raping women. 

But big up to her using women to gain votes.
Kinda like when you survived sniper fire in Bosnia? Stories like that.
Oh i loved that one! Remember when during the debate she said she lied because she wanted to be likr Abraham Lincoln?
LMFAOOOO no? Did she really say that?
Hillary stay off Twitter for the next 2 days, you DONT want to know why Pee Tape is trending!
Oh god no! I did not need to see that!
Goddess have mercy on my soul and rip out that image!
I’ll tell you a story about the Clintons being the most corrupt family in the world! 
You’re not even sticking to the yoda grammatical structure. My god, there is no heart left within you trump supporters. Your trolling is just so uninspired.
Predictable and boring, and I had to remind you to get back in character. Just forget it. I expected too much out of amateur hour, I guess.

There’s nothing remotely funny about this meme, it’s just statements over a photo. Not even a funny photo. Memes are supposed to be your side’s pride and joy and this is just so blasé. F-, see me after class.

#stillwithher
Tick Tock, Tick Tock, Tick Tock, Tick Tock, Tick Tock, Tick Tock, Tick Tock, Tick Tock, Tick Tock, Tick Tock,
I love you HILLARY!! Glad Comey putting Orange-Aid on blast!! But screw him too!!!YOU GET WHAT YOU GIVE. He cheated you out of the PRESIDENCY, and Scump still shit on him.... #TEAMHILLARYCLINTON...ALLDAY, EVERYDAY....

Does that include the 33 children Sarah was caught taking out of Haiti? @gitmo is waiting...
#Hillary4SpecialCounsel
Run again. It's time

Hillary for Prison 2018
Careful Hillary; In other countries and in this one you are the despicable despot and you need to go to jail for treason and countless other crimes.  The love of money is the root of all evil and you are EVIL!
If you want to read about strong women President Clinton the indicment attached is an eye opener.  This young girl of 12 after being threatened if she told her truth still stood up to the #liarinchief at the White House.  Even after threats of killing her and all of her family.
All your stories are fiction
Clinton is one hell of a story teller
So, i realize this is old, but, it's pretty cool that the Steele dossier says the reason the Russians supported Trump so hard is due to Putin's FEAR of Hillary Clinton. Interesting. Vlad Putin, assassin (amongst other things), FEARED Hillary Clinton.
Go away............
This is another way to say you love to lie, right?
Keep up the work! We need you!
Can't believe we haven't heard from idiot Hillary what's wrong scared????
Thank you!!
I'm so proud of my wife when I hear her say that you are no women that she looks up to or that organization so called for women.
#WithHer
Ante just dropped for a worthless sample
Hillary
We love you Madame President! 

I can not belive that any women would welcome her to anything! She is so evil! I guess she has spells over them!Shes no woman of the world !
Nothing to do with facts
Do enjoy, their is still a prison cell with your name on it, only a matter of time before justice is served...
#NeverBernie
Hillary's story involves bodies, bribes, theft and deceit.
GO TO TREATMENT

Nope, Trump is your President. Maybe you should move to Canada.

Please don't use the Bosnian Sniper fire story again!
You should be in jail
What you are finally shutting up what's wrong Hillary SCARED you should be
I can think of more than four brave women who tried to tell their stories, only to have you try and crush them.
When did you Hillary start caring about women? You demonized all women who your sex maniac husband Bill raped, molested and exposed himself to. How about insulting conservative women you said voted as their husbands or sons wanted. They are also women.
So you will be talking to Trump's ex wives & daughter Tiffany. Sounds like fun Madame President.
Thank God @HillaryClinton lost!
Yet, you enabled Bill to rape women. And then you attacked those women. Classy
Please run for President!
#youreneeded


So true Hillary by the way what elected office are you currently holding LMFAO

It helps if the stories are true. But you wouldn't know about that, would you? #CrookedHillary #LockHerUp
Oh I could hug you.  Like a oasis in the desert you are.  Calm in a storm
Tell your stories,  we will look to the truth from our President Mr. @realDonaldTrump. 
#MAGA 
#Trump2020 
#2ADefenders 
#immigrationreform
Oh will you be the topic? You were the biggest threat to freedom and liberty in America. How many times do you have to be told we are not a democracy we are a Republic. For which it stands. God bless President Trump and the United States of America. @realDonaldTrump #WITW
Who,Bills rape victims?
You are good at storytelling... storytelling, lying whatever.
History shows that communists always talk about "revolution", so they get in power, confiscate weapons, then kill millions of people. U r no different, HC. U are a sore loser n ur dream of dictating is over, u will have 2ask another democrat 2 keep going on with ur communist plan
BACK IN THE FOREST! #LockHerUp
BS
The penultimate storyteller...HRC!
So glad we dodged that bullet and elected @POTUS !! #ClintonCrimeFamily #ClintonCartel #DonaldTrumpisourPresident #lockherup
Amen!!!!
Can Monica attend?

The young woman your husband used as a human humidor.
Help us Hillary !!!
GO AWAY!
I'm so excited that the government has your dirtiest, most evil secrets and they are going to be REVEALED! And you will have your military TRIBUNAL. #HaveFun
Shut Up Already!
@sharalanel
you tell a good story hillary...always how its not your fault that you lost,but everyone elses right ?
and how donald trump "STOLE" the election from you, and oh....how the russians did it right ?
please hillary, tell a good bedtime story,on how your going to 
#FADEAWAY  soon !!!

You couldn't even pay the women on your own staff equally why should anyone trust you?
Held at David Koch Theater?
#USACitizenVoteFor @BarackObama To Be Appointed To The @USSupremeCourt #RT And #Comment For Ligitimate #Objections Or #Agreements #HatersWillBeBlocked
Rogelio nieto García Imágenes de amor para celulares
You Do specialize in threats to democracy..
America's  contribution in creating tyranny and anarcy in the world is much more greater than any other.
Good Morning , How are You Today   ?
You should know.
You should have a house full!

Storytelling is fiction. You belong in prison

You do nothing but story telling.
Many Americans could use your calming voice right about now.  Trump has managed to destroy every  aspect of “playing” President.  I would love to have a good night sleep again.  Go on youtube or Facebook and talk to us.  Please! 
Disgusting
Hillary = detestable crook.
And Hillary, you have told many, many, many stories in your day.
Yes oh glorious one tell us about landing and exiting the airplane under machine gun fire. Or tell the one where you survived a nuke attack.
You being a subject matter expert.....
Perhaps you should share how you have dealt with  @BillClinton infedelity Andy how you don't take reasonably for your failures.

Tears...
Lord knows, we need you #HillaryClinton
Nope, Trump is awesome. Finally a true American is back in the White House.  #MAGA
Why are you trolling so hardit’s pathetic
Tell me about the amount of oxygen leaking out of the atmosphere by releasing the rocket outside the atmosphere.

Storytelling? We the people call it  which is WHAT HAPPENED REALLY!
you're a disgrace!
Ronald Reagan and Winston Churchill said the greatest threat to the west will come not from outside but from the left inside...people like you..
Story telling....You are the Queen of story telling. Fairy tales is your speciality.
Nobody cares what you have to say lady
Hello, I am running for president in 2020 I WILL CHANGE THE WAY THE PRESIDENCY IS RUN. MY GOAL IS PEACE ON EARTH. MY SLOGAN IS ALL MATTERS MATTER TO ME BOTH FOREIGN AND DOMESTIC. I WILL REPRESENT ALL THE PEOPLE. I WILL BE ON TV 24/7. I WOULD APPRECIATE YOUR SUPPORT.
America is a Republic, Hillary. Not a Democracy. Not gonna change.
Storytelling is just another word for lying. So yeah, you should be good at it.
Says the Tyrant.. btw when does the video drop ?
Want to provide context Hillary ? What was the menu that night ?
Well, you’ve certainly told more than your fair share of “stories”
I can see you are still pandering.

Regards
@huffbuffer
Why don’t you stay home and play with your grandkids?
You are the biggest tyrant of them all so this is quite fitting #Killary
Cultures differ, so are stories! Try to accept the diverse cultures, and the stories. Changing anything to suit your own culture will not make you any superior!
Why don’t you look those brave women in the eye and tell them why you were an accessory to your predator husband..
Yep and you are quite the storyteller aren’t you Hil’s?!?!
You’ve told some stories alright. (The rest of us call them lies though)
excellent
YOUR PATHETIC  CLIN-NOKIO.......YOU SHOULD BE IN JAIL...!
Geez woman just shut up!!
Nope, she’s not going anywhere 
SWEET 
#StillWithHer 
DELUSIONAL!
Another word for sane, experienced, knowledgeable, loyal, hard working, and compassionate. That's Hillary.
I think you've gotten your vocabulary confused, while spending too much time listening to the Narcissist in Chief, or Faux News.
I'll say again. DELUSIONAL! 
AND CROOKED!!!!!!!!!
You've got nothing, my dear. Just misplaced vitriol more deserving of the wretched Narcissist in Chief. You'll see.
Oh, but there IS and they have it ALL! America WILL see justice done!
When tRump is impeached and he's exposed for his perfidy, that is. We'll have our country back then, and there will be dancing in the streets.
 @HillaryClinton you are an awesome woman!
@BostonGlobe @sonny_scroggins
How is it possible that she can continue spreading her lies !!??
https://youtu.be/YmmxGd7BUD8 

http://www.livinginparadise.wixsite.com/livinginparadise …
If yoire whats consodered an accomplished woman that's very unfortunate

It’s been 18 months, and we’re still waiting for Hillary Clinton to accept the results of the Election...

I won’t hold my breath.
Comey came out against you after the third debate because he thinks he is God’s warrior above all else, and by defeating you, there would be a chance of Roe vs Wade being overturned.  He illegally announced the letters after the abortion debate.  He got Gorsuch, an illlegal appt
I couldn't accept to see a woman on the head of the usa. Mercy for you and there is no way for you to return back for election.
Try and keep bill away from them
You definitely know how to tell a story, especially of the Tall Tale variety
I know that you’ll #BeWonderful.
Lmao
Hillery you sure have spun a hell of a story
Love you!!!!
