What about the rights of those servicemen you ignored when they begged their country to have their backs and send help? Ya. U went to bed while they died. Dont talk rights. You havent the alightest idea how to be a human being
She asked Congress for more protection. They said no. A GOP controlled Congress!
Hillary was given charge & refused to help. American forces which tried to assist were told to stand down by none other than Hillary, herself. When questioned before a committee, she barked, "What difference does it make?!"
She was questioned for 11 hours. Guess what? They found that she had don nothing wrong! Ask Trey Gowdy! And your president is afraid to face Mueller bc everybody knows he will lie and screw himself!
You aren't very bright, are you. Corrupt politicians always says their partners in crime are innocent. Your President Trump already offered himself for interview with Mueller, or didn't you get the memo. Mueller has yet to take advantage of the offer.
I don’t believe he has offered. Not sure he’s been asked! He is running scared as we speak!
Despite being filled with allegation, speculation, & innuendo, this @CNN article completely invalidates your statements against Trump regarding any alleged Russian-Trump collusion. Remember, the piece was written by anti-Trump CNN.
That was in January! This is March!
Dear God I hope they don't allow Twitter at Gitmo!  Getting nervous yet?  BENGHAZI
Because I believe HRC is a criminal I'm a Russian Bot?  That's hilarious since Russia loves HRC.  Remember she gave them Uranium.  She's Russia's best bud.  She's also a traitor to this country.  Gitmo is REALLY waiting for her.  It will happen.
Yup. Bot.
BTW, if a baby is a female, does she have rights?  Can you or anyone else  kill that female baby at 7 months gestation?  ABORTION LOVER!  You are truly disgusting.  One day you'll stand before God.  No mercy!
If only people like you actually cared about the children that are already here and suffering...
So you are judging harshly someone you don't know  because they don't want to see over 750,000 unborn children murdered every year?  (US alone, worldwide it is 5,750,000.)
Future generations will look upon this era as another holocaust. There is a hypnotic,delusional spell that has taken over people’s minds regarding life. People like Silvia have seated themselves as all knowing,pronouncing judgement onto an innocent life. God have mercy on us all.
Silvia, you don't know me. How can you say I don't care about the children we have today?That statement was absolutely absurd. The one thing I do hate is what HRC loves, & that is abortion.  I am prolife & proud of it.  I also care about today's children.
The one thing i hate is liars like you! NO ONE  loves abortion. Period. Democrats want to prevent them and rates decline under democrats leading to the lowest rate under Obama since 1973. We are pro-choice because its not our choice what someone should do with their body.
It should not be someone’s “choice” to chop off a babies head. Period! With all our modern medicine and knowledge about life, someone needs to be “the voice” for a defenseless child. Abortions will be viewed by future generations as barbaric. That is truth, no lie.
Barbaric is forcing women to go to back alley butcher's 2 terminate an unwanted pregnancy. Abortion didn't begin when it became legal, it became safe. As democrats insist on preventative measures,  the rate decreases unlike GOP proposals like no contraception. Fact
MADAM PRESIDENT HILLARY CLINTON 
FFS GO AWAY HILLARY
HOW MANY TIMES DO WE HAVE TO SAY NO FOR U TO GET THE HINT
When explaining it to "them", you might want to speak slowly and deliberately without using any complex phrases or multiple syllable words. Try this one on for size:

"Yo, Republicans. Chicks are people too". 

Good luck.

From the wife of a Rapist.
Blame the russians! lol what a joke.

It’s not Crooked Hillary.
Babies rights are human rights. Stop killing babies!!!
What would you know about rights !
Didn't the Clinton Foundation take money from counties that CONTINUE to treat women as 2nd class citizens?  What message was that sending?  Oh yeah, that it is OK to treat women that way!
Hahahahha. How's Bill treating you??
BACK IN YOUR CAVE YOU OLD BAT  !
Well it’s a lot of things in the world that shouldn’t be...centuries later. 
I thought this was being taken care of in the 80s...im shocked this is even an issue at all in 2000s
God bless the woman for bringing generations into this world #womenempowerment
Hahahahahaha
You protected a child rapist and bragged about it.
Econojunkie looks like one
Thank you for continuing to fight for our rights. 
We had rights before 1995
Many women in other countries did not, but continue to be selfish. We are still treated as second class citizens in many areas of life.
Such a shame that you set womens rights back two decades.
Go home. You no relevant no mo’ !
I like it but it wasn’t crooked Hillary that made it happen
She’s not crooked. It’s been proven! The liar in chief is the crook! And he’s a cheater too! Even needed a cheat sheet to try to pretend empathy for students. Did not come from within!
Girls Run The World 2018
Like marathons?
You can see this pic ?
It is syria
What equal rights do women not have? I'll wait
How about for starters, equal pay?

...it’s my husband that is for it.
#HillaryClinton Is The REAL PRESIDENT.. 

Thankfully, Donald supporters are smart enough to know what a liar she is.  It takes intelligence to look at both sides objectively and make an informed decision instead of blindly following.

Hillary Clinton isn't fooling anybody. She cares about women's rights almost as much as Islam does. Just ask anybody who has ever been railroaded after accusing her husband (the cad) of wrongdoing. LIES. I believed this lie for YEARS. No longer.
You want to take them back?
Human rights?  Coming from #hillaryclinton?  #childtrafficking #saudi #pizzagate #pedogate #epstein #Weinstein #PodestaEmails

you supported Saudi Arabia who treats women like shit.  Hillary Clinton talking for women's rights is like Andrew dice clay talking for political correctness.
Tell that to all the women who were abused by your horny husband only to be subsequently attacked by you.
MRS CLINTON I'VE TRIED TO UNDERSTAND CERTAIN THINGS !MAYBE BEYOND MY REACH OF WISDOM!
Hilary. You seem like a lovely person. But change the record will ya
So why do you think it's ok to abort so many every year?  How about THEIR rights
She http://wants.to  sell.earings made.from their skulls

Nice.  
Thank you, Madame President.
DELUSIONAL 
Trump trash loves to project

Thank God
Only the lord above could have delivered such an amazing political victory.
A lot of people kept quiet that they wanted Trump in office, they were bullied and threatened. That's the only reason no one knew the outcome would be so great for Trump. The Better Man won


Did you hear that @VICE thought guns shouldn’t be in women’s hands? Don’t we have a right to defend ourselves against rapists like your husband?
Hope u at least go to jail u deserve worse but prison life ain't fun u need to experience it first hand, lying crooked hillary the FRAUD
I love you Hillary. I really do.
Hillary you belong in prison for treason
Hillary you whine about being a woman way too much. Maybe a sex change would be good for you since youre having such a problem.
Enjoy having your own bank account? How about your own credit and loans in your very own name? Thank Hillary and her generation for fighting for the things we take for granted. They helped build foundations we stand on now.
B Please. I had that at 20. She had not a damn thing to do with it
Let’s read the tweet again. As late as the 1970s, you could not have had those things because they were not permitted to women.
Read it all you want to then tell me how Hillary helped me. Then tell me how she helped those women Bill harassed and raped then maybe I will respect her but I doubt it. She enabled him
“Hillary and her generation.” Again. Did women have the ability to get a credit card in their own name, or rent an apartment, in 1970?
Yes ma'am. My mom owned her OWN home and had credit cards. That statement is so ridiculous.
Home ownership, yes. Apartments rental, no. Which I said. Good for her on credit cards. She is an outlier. Only ridiculous if you use one anecdote to refute law and data.
Women shouldn't have more rights than anyone else.
"Human rights as a low priority in foreign policy" = IMMORAL. That, and the @GOP still cannot stand the fact that women are HUMAN.
You we're robbed literally and figuratively speaking. Hillary Clinton 2020.
No issue with her buying the DNC to shut Bernie out then huh?
And Bernie was getting support from Russia! He's a traitor if you ask me!
And you are pretty ill-informed.., I take it you only get news from one source and only ones the lean your way.
That must be why you helped to intimidate all those women your husband assaulted into not testifying against him....  Also, don’t forget human rights are important in Haiti too.  You know, all those people the foundation didn’t help?
I just watched something on Haiti recently and it’s STILL a mess down there. If the clintons are such concerned folk, why aren’t they doing more with the foundation to help these poor people?!
Because they're lying scheisters who are only in it for themselves.
“Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned”. We’ll show the #GOP and this #ShitHolePresident, how true this is in #VoteThemOut2018  #VoteHimOut
Amnesty international just Stated Trump is officially a Human Rights Violator. This isn’t the United States  it’s Trump & Oligarchs & the GOP they purchased
Yeah what the hell took you so long to fight for this important cause? You and your party weren't too worried about this before 1995. If you were it would have been fixed by now.
Truth is an ugly word to this WH
Tune to clear iffall the Bots on this thr ad too.  So easy to spot!
Time to clear all the Bots on this thread too!
If someone has an opposing opinion, does that automatically make them a bot?  If so, I guess I don’t have to go to work on Monday.
No...poor thing needs a safe place ... Bots scare them 
Madame President

How cute. Did you think this up all by yourself princess?

Thank you for continuing to champion for us, Hillary.
You’re welcome!

Just blame it on Batman! 
come può affermare che l'aborto è un diritto? Uccidere per lei è un diritto? Uccidere non è mai un diritto ma omicidio!
Radical my butt, who in the world are you trying to pull the wool over now? Women in America are every bit as successful as men and they already have every right a man has!!!
#RightToLIFEisHumanRIGHT
why are you even on Twitter?  you should be ashamed and locked up!!
Misogyny pays in the GOP.
No one normal says that word
Women-haters are evil
But not as prevalent as many beleive. The problem was more Hillary.
You are a POS just like all the white male misogynists. Most are GOP-ers.
Ur a what

You don’t stop do you? You know FULL well equality had zero to do with it! It was a revenue creation tax grab of the greater population.  #whatajoke
Phoney virtue signaling, you could  careless about anybody but yourself,
Follow me and I will follow you! Caarrrl!!! from #TheWalkingDead    Michael Moore on Trump: "The Biggest F**k You in Human History" https://youtu.be/wxDRqeuLNag    via @YouTube

The only women and children that you care about are the ones you molested, had satanic rituals with and drank their blood. Yes people are coming forward and talking about what you and Bill did to them. Id say rot in hell but that's too good for you
Hmmmm...Bohemian Grove
Just wondering at what point did America become a regressive society; and how did we all miss it?
Liberals
What have we done?
More importantly, what are we going to do?
Bitch about it on social media?
Oh, definitely that. I meant something that might be effective.
I mean, if you insist that bitching about it on social media isn't enough.
Insisting stuff takes too much effort, I'm very tired.
Some motherly pride! Tomorrow is the launch of my daughter @emmaladyrose ‘s book “A Girl’s Guide to Joining the Resistance” https://www.amazon.com/Girls-Guide-Joining-Resistance-Feminist-ebook/dp/B0716GZWCV …. You are both an inspiration. #ResistLikeAGirl

Candidate Trump won election to the Presidency. 
His opponent, 
Candidate Clinton, lost her bid to buy the Presidency, & lost the election.
Wow you really should read a book or turn on the BBC or Canadian news and actually learn what’s happening in your own country
Do you need a safe place? 
Are women ever going to be treated as equals to men? I am almost 69 and haved supported you Hillary all along. Still do! Keep up the good fight
Couldn't agree more!
This is misogyny.

“If men could get pregnant, abortion would be a sacrament.” - Gloria Steinem
Okay u keep killing babies. Who btw, are NOT ur body but their own. So that says murder murder murder. Ur no better than anyone in jail

And because of what Hillary did to Haiti, they are still in horrible conditions where child traffiking is off the charts and children are being used as sex slaves for UN peacekeepers.  Are childrens rights human rights too?
#FakeNews. Hillary never did that.
Than the Haitians lied.Where did the $ go? How much $$ in aggregate did the country of Haiti receive and how much money did the citizens of Haiti receive? The math is staggering―-if we count all estimated donations $10,000,000,000 we arrive at 1%.
 "
How about you are distorting everything and repeating extreme right talking points against Hillary? May I remind you that Drumpf Tower once did shady dealings with former dictator of Haiti Baby Doc Duvalier?
Im not the one protesting, Im not Haitian.  If you choose to believe a woman who has 30 yrs of scandals and billions of $ in donations, which are documented, over these poor people, then go ahead.  I choose to believe them.
Those scandals are mostly fabricated, fool.
Really, for over 30 years?  Go all the back to when Bill was governor, the scandal trail starts there,  Again, the cases are documented, the investigations....documented.  wow, the Russians were picking on the Clinton's in the 80's and 90's?? Lol!!
So why give Iran  $500bn then ????
OMG The money belonged to IRAN. We confiscated and froze their assets since 1979!  Hiw ignorant are the deplorables?
Their assets were frozen because they were supporting terrorism. Let me explain it better: they were blowing up planes, buildings, and other soft targets. Their goal was to kill and injure as many people as possible. Their success rate went down when they lost their $. Understand
You have no clue about the history og Iran/USA.  You should read a book.  Stop watching Fox News it is only making you more ignorant
I hate to bust your bathroom bubble, but I'm right. Iran is a known sponsor of terrorism. Deal with it.
No, Iran is not known for sponsoring terrorism.  That has been proven to be untrue.  The sponsors are Saudia Arabia and Pakistan!
Why?
The fact that this idea was radical in 1995, not 1895 shows how ridiculously slow this is happening! Now we have Captain Caveman as our president. This nation needs to pull it together now!
I bet you were ok with how Bill Clinton treated his women, right?  And how Hillary called them "bimbos".  Got it!
MSM has very strangely been soft on this man who was decorated with the highest medal  of honor from Putin himself 
Thanks
Handmaids tale + 1984 + the hunger games = trump presidency
Is that why you demonized and professionally ruin all the broads @BillClinton was raping? #WomensRights #notahero
Back to the kitchen with you, bitch!
Unreal, whats next - statements on barefoot and in the kitchen again?
Like you should talk. Just go.
@HillaryClinton SERIOUSLY? Women's right?  Hmm. Did you remember this woman?
Oh please!

Tell that to your husband and what about the rights of your husband's accusers.
BLOCKED ANOTHER TROLL: .@BIGPOPEREZ13
What about YOUR SUPPORT 4 MURDERING all the BABY WOMEN via PP?
#BlueTsunami #VoteThemOut #WomensMarch #BlueWave2018
It's not.
#JuanitaBroderick
#Paula Jones
#MonicaLewinsky
#BurnsStrider
#AnthonyWiener
Energizer
It must have been a radical idea.  That's most likely why you pounced on the rights of the women your husband boinked. You know.  Their right to be heard
Wow, imagine if we taught preventative measures or had morals instead of abortion! Killing the HUMAN BEING inside of a woman’s body isn’t a HUMAN RIGHT! You will have fewer #spiritcooking seances and the devil might be upset but I’m sure this is for the best.H U-M A N R I G H TS
Hii
Go for a walk grandma #senile
Go away you crook.
Very nice Gujarat may MODI GUJARAT Modi. Very Nice Good morning beautiful Barack Obama's
  
You know better that Hillary

Your kind ruined our children’s chances at a stable home growing up

Ashamed to say I was part of that

Trump Democrat

We are here and that is why you people are looking for another voters base #VoterIDRequired 

#QAnon #GreatAwakening #MAGA
Even the women that blew your hubby. Lol
Unless you are Anita Broderick or Monica Lewinsky or Paula Jones or Kathleen Wiley
#Overturn2PopularVote #Overturn2PopularVote #Overturn2PopularVote #Overturn2PopularVote #Overturn2PopularVote #Overturn2PopularVote #Overturn2PopularVote #Overturn2PopularVote #Overturn2PopularVote #Overturn2PopularVote #Overturn2PopularVote #Overturn2PopularVote #Nullify2016EC
You care about women? How about all the women who have been raped, killed, and/or widowed do to ur actions in the Middle East? I’m praying your life is ended relatively soon by a powerful force or self inflicted bullet to the head. May all your assets be ceased and u go to gitmo
Women have been succeeding in America long before the 90s
You had a chance to affect women in a good way but you chose not to, as always you are pandering to people to legitimize yourself, it’s just not going to work @realDonaldTrump @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @dbongino @NancyPelosi @SenSchumer
#Deplorable #TrumpLiesMatter #ImpeachTrump
Exactly...you never advanced anything. I'm so glad President Trump has been the first to break records when it comes to women's jobs and their representation in government positions. Thank you President Trump and God answering prayers.
Oh GO AWAY!!  AMERICA HAS NO TIME FOR YOU - BETTER GET THAT ORANGE PANTSUIT OUT & CLEANED - YOU'RE GOING TO NEED IT SOON!!!
#HillaryForPrison #PlannedParenthood #cecilerichards
Does a child have rights or are the only good for making walnut sauce?.
#PutinBot @TeaPainUSA
America just finds you vile and disgusting...stop already and bake cookies.
Name me one fucking right a man has that a woman doesn't anyone don't worry I'll wait
If Hillary sucks she could get a vote she's far it as far as women's rights if you women think she really cares about you you're really a sheep stop drinking the Kool-Aid
Fck off witch
Amen
Hillery Clinton. Will never be President. Stop the hate.
The failure to effectively challenge attacks on #HumanRights by #Communist #China has been a bipartisan problem for years. Human rights activism must be disconnected from partisan politics. "Clinton: Chinese human rights can't interfere with other crises"  http://edition.cnn.com/2009/POLITICS/02/21/clinton.china.asia/ …
It is Friday afternoon, do you know where Bill is?
Really Hillary - where were the rights of the women your husband raped & harrassed?? You didn’t care about those womens rights - you only cared about power & money in your pockets!!
Hillary is feeling safe enough to come out of the woods and speak Bc the focus came off of her w/ school shooting.. its the same pattern over and over.
They’re not taking a fucking thing except a trip to the kitchen

HandMaids tale is no joke! What’s next? A mandatory egg & sperm count?!? Government needs to stay out of it our No No Squares!
I think it wouldn't be like this if you had given support to the women and girls that were the victims rather than to lend your support to the men like your husband. So glad your #NotMyPresident
How about the unborn rights.
The only reason this is true, IF in fact it is, is because of your own inaction to protect women from the sexual predator you live with.
Totally
Hey Hillary - where's her rights?

Sick little troll with nothing better to do. Go back under your rock as your message is untrue. By-by

What SHE said!
I think what SHE said was “it’s a vast, right-wing conspiracy.”
Oh, gosh no! Not anOTHER book deal!?!?!!
NOT MY PRESIDENT!! 
How did Hillary feel about women's rights when she denigrated the women her husband abused and raped (one of them being in the Oval Office while she and her Not Bill's daughter were upstairs)

Perhaps we need to get some teenagers to help us protect women's rights @IndElPaso
What about human rights?
We love you Hillary the most qualified person that really won by 3 million votes. I will do what I can to teach my kids to be like you. I so admire you.
   
With evert statement you make you are making that box of rocks look smarter and smarter.

Your words wouldn’t ring so hollow had you not taken tens of millions of dollars from the misogynistic regimes of Saudi Arabia and Qatar. https://twitter.com/hillaryclinton/status/966795385732845569 …
You don't say?
The power of Christ compels you! The power of Christ compels you! The power of Christ compels you!
Shame you didn't think so when defending 12 year old Kathy Shelton's rapist in 1975
Unborn babies have rights too
Then maybe don't try to subvert their #2ndAmendment Women need guns for protection more than men & #AR15s are the ideal weapon for #women
You are right. Every people have mother except Adam and knows his mother how many worth. In fact Other women must be valuable like his Mom.
What about Seth Rich's rights? #hillaryforprison

Do you ever tire of lying???????????????
Tell that to your husbands victims.
#HumanRightsDiedInSyria..


Except of course rights of women who claimed Bubba had sexually assaulted them. 
Except of course rights of Hillary's campaign staffer who reported in 2008 that Burns Strider had sexually assaulted her.…
“Women’s rights” is a disgraceful sexist idea.

@StephMillerShow @szwest1 @frangeladuo VIVE LA RESISTANCE!  #Resist
Should have separated personal feelings from public interest, personal ideal from social pursuit.
You're delusional.
Good!

unfortunately we also still have people confused by science and round earth too.
To all Hillary lovers on this thread, we are not bots just because we don't respect Clinton. We are so happy she did NOT become president. We do not worship Trump like you worship Obama or Hillary. Your sick fascination with those liars is pathetic. Wake up!
Now I do suffer dementia, true.  And this is a confusing post, but let me say, I really don't think Hillary did anything all that wrong, so let me further say, if this is a twisted Russian bot, then go to hell.
If men got pregnant, they'd have abortions available at the Barber Shop.
We haven’t heard from Melania yet. She didn’t meet with victim of Portland shooting at WH. What’s happened to her? Or may be she’s not too happy about the playmate & the porn star??? I don’t know but we shouldn’t be judging @HillaryClinton & act like Trump is innocencent
Another stupid move urged on my our current President, I’m sure, who has clearly stated he doesn’t not discriminate, and why would he add another lie to the multi-book set of lies thus far?
If you believe in women's rights why take money from countries that persecute women? Why go to India and tell them any woman that didn't vote for you is stupid and only follows their husband's lead? So hypocritical.  Smart women voted for Trump.
Good spekeing woman
She has trouble running her mouth. The problem is she lies and then covers up the lies.
Good grief, what’s next? Walk three steps behind a man? Don’t look men in the eye?? What do we do when our own government is the enemy?? They’ve proven our votes don’t count.

Sad to watch a great country go so horribly downward 

As a man here  and proud Anglican it is bewildering actually repulsive
Don't worry Trump will help you too
Shut up and fade away
Its not a radical idea, Its just a rallying cry for you!
Go away
Lol .

Too radical for Monica lewinsky
Chin up, @HillaryClinton. We’re gonna make this right in Midterms.  An army of women are gonna create the biggest damn blue wave Congress has ever seen.  
trump administration is taking us back 50 years
No it’s not.  I’m a self-employed woman and I’m happy with what Trump is doing. What the libtards want is not good for our country.  Quit drinking the CNN Kool-Aid and educate yourself objectively.
If this wasn't so infuriating it would be laughable. How many of us thought we'd be past this bulls**t by now #onestepforwardtwoback
This is a disgrace!! Stop these misogynist in Nov.  VOTE BLUE!!
@HillaryClinton where’s this persons rights?????
Most pregnancies terminated in the first trimester are due to morning after pills or IUD's, but never see you guys picketing big pharma. If you think a woman who chooses to end a pregnancy (in the 1st trimester, which 99.99% of abortions ARE) find this decision easy, you're nuts.
......to YOU or in the know. IF you were a true American, you'd be suing someones ass off. But all we get is crickets. Weird don't ya think? Care to respond?
will you shut up and mind your own affairs and stay out of Americas http://govt.you  did nothing for this country but to sell it out to other countries needs and wants
What did President Carter say? Women are the most abused group of humanity. It crosses color and nationality and financial status. 
Or something along those lines.
I remember when you still thought homosexuals should not have the same rights as heterosexuals.

You scare me.
Nothing to comment..
its great actually #VivaTrump !
