Now is the time to listen to the students, teachers, and parents demanding that we end this carnage once and for all with gun safety laws that keep guns out of the hands of those who shouldn’t have them.
We owe it to this young man who lost classmates:
Powerful plea from a student who survived the Parkland shooting, David Hogg: “Please! We are children. You guys are, like...the adults. Take action, work together, come over your politics, and get something done.” 
And to this young woman. Every day that we refuse to act, we are failing them.
I was hiding in a closet for 2 hours. It was about guns. You weren't there, you don't know how it felt. Guns give these disgusting people the ability to kill other human beings. This IS about guns and this is about all the people who had their life abruptly ended because of guns. …
Mass shootings are not inevitable. The majority of Americans support common sense gun reform. Though we feel angry, heartbroken, even helpless now, we have the power to elect people who will protect lives, not gun sellers’ profits. Remember these feelings in November, and VOTE.
Your husband was a president did hè solve the weapon problem ?
Classy!
Barrista’s? Even for a bot that is remarkably careless 
Neither. Moron. 
Gun control prevents mass shootings. Ask EVERY OTHER FUCKING COUNTRY IN THE WORLD!
Guns are illegal in my country...... there was never a mass shooting in a school here. Ever.
What country are you from? I don’t know of any country where you can’t own a gun.
Her profile says the Netherlands. And I did a quick google search to see about gun laws there. She’s telling the truth. Seems many other countries know what’s up.
Except she says they are banned and you can’t own them. That is not true. A quick google search says you need a reason to own one.
How does this happen in the great USA around kids. Really seems like the only country in the world with this kind of problem
For last two years number is 120 per year.
When deaths occur because politicians don't act it is then that it becomes political.
Heartbreaking. 
We are a blood thirsty people. 
Abortion, school shootings, euthanasia. 

When will we value human life?
We were threatened to have one Friday, but the guy came and got them. Notomention when we had homecoming for once, we all had to evacuate an hour into it( after my dates tire had been slashed multiple times) because there had been theats of a drive-by.

What a time to speak out @HillaryClinton . #ObamaGate will be the worst political scandal in history. Your hands Have been dirty for years. Tell us again how Trump Collusion was the reason your not president right now.. #NoTrumpCollusion
 sad
Thank you Madame President. Still with you! 
That's just funny!  
You won't be laughing when Trump's arrested, but thanks for not being rude. Have a great day 
The N.R.A. Can be beat...So let's get started. 
Here's the top recipients of NRA money.

For everytime a GOP says "Thoughts and Prayers" please donate $1.00 or more to these people's democratic opponents. 

Don't get mad...get even.

#Mueller #MuellerTime
I’ll be broke
This breaks my heart. Why are American CHILDREN allowed to own and carry guns? Surely it's past time that something was done to limit gun ownership and use in the USA? It's just not normal 
And yet, do you wonder why the kids carrying guns won't to kill ? There are thousands of kids out there that have access to guns like I did, but they will never kill anybody just like I haven't. So why are these kids killing ?
887 babies will die tomorrow via Planned Parenthood with your blessing.  Don't preach/screech to us.
Abortion is not the murder of a “baby,” it is the termination of a pregnancy. Those who suggest otherwise show that they've never read any of the medical literature of obstetrics and gynecology,
When someone you know sadly has a miscarriage what do they say? They say “ I lost the baby” they don’t say I lost the pregnancy- please stop.
They say they miscarried - you as a nurse should know that -
Really well here is acreal mother

Hey HRC, that’s almost as high as you and Bill’s body count
Our potus is the leading cheerleader for the NRA and the profits from terrorist tools.
Watching the news Hillary? What happened? You LOST. 
It's using an extremely loose definition of "mass shooter", I'm not sure exactly what threshold but probably min 2-3 combined killed and wounded


Who is david hogg folks look him up...look at all the places he just happened ta be when something happens..like the school in Florida.
I say We the People who voted for Hillary Clinton should ban together and declare HER our Madam President. We can Rise together and Claim what is Rightfully Ours that Russia and Trump and his clones have illegally stolen. #Muellertime #I’mstillwithHer #HillaryClintonismyPresident
have fun
Hillary, good job on solving the math equation.  What is your point?
And you waited until today to give us your two cents?  How convenient. You are deflecting the findings of the FBI. You lost and Trump didn't collude. Russia bought ads and the people still didn't want you. #2A You're absolutely shameful. #NOGunControl
You’re not only illogical, you’re uninformed, buying into Trump lies.
No honey, you are. I can discern fact from fiction. #MAGA
One day you will wake up, realize that you’ve been had by the donald film-flam man. All promises broken! Donald IS the swamp! Donald is ONLY for Donald. Has no conscience. Donald is increasing his wealth, on the backs of working class Americans.
Bulls**t!  Keep drinking the Kool aid. Things are already improving everyday. He's already kept more promises than his predecessors ever did in 8 years.  Take your minute following elsewhere. #MAGA  Eyes wide open here!  SMH!
#Putin #maga #ImpeachTrump #TraitorTrump #ShitholeGOP #NewElection
Go away

thank you for this message
I don't know if you're following the news today, but evidently you won the 2016 election.
How? There was no collusion as Mueller put it. So Trump is still POTUS.
Read the whole thing.
https://www.bloomberg.com/amp/news/articles/2018-02-16/mueller-announces-guilty-plea-of-california-man-in-investigation?__twitter_impression=true …
Thank you. Please stay out of politics for the good of the party and our future Presidential aspirations. If you run again, we lose again.
Young man, she already won. Check the popular vote. How far did the hacking go? We'll have to wait for the formal investigation to announce, but in the meantime, you'd do well to start practicing. Say it with me now. "Good Morning Madam President."

Speaking of kids, it’s good this investigation has been re-opened isn’t it? #TickTock
Yep.......gonna get Dicey!! 
New Witness? Former WWE Pro Wrestler @BillyJack4Real Claims to Have Seen "Boys on the Tracks" Murders
http://www.arkansasmatters.com/news/local-news/new-witness-man-claims-to-have-seen-boys-on-the-tracks-murders/971386523 …

…
Our model has classified @BasedBasterd to exhibit patterns conducive to a political bot or highly moderated account tweeting political propaganda.
You can cram that pattern & #GetBent 
no, but what I do get bent about is siding with a foreign government who attacked the US's voting system and a "president" who won't enforce sanctions.  I still keep the oath I took in the Army. No turncoat here.
No turncoat here either, You are very uninformed & please show me where the President did anything illegal within his office as President. Thank you.....
Its USELESS to explain to dems like her.
Not only do they believe what the claim ,the actually 
'Like the story' even if it defies critical thinking. 
They're now a part of the propaganda and the 
Anti-American operation .
Mueller is a Republican. Flynn, Gates, Papadapoulos, and 13 Russian national pawns. Time will tell.  As for you, hyperbolic caps, omissions, misuse of commas and quotes, spelling and spacing errors? Please. We'll all just wait.
Yet the NRA's money is more important to our politicians, especially the GOP, than saving the lives of our children!
That statistic is false and for your information there are more handgun deaths the any deaths involving any rifle. Your husbands "Assault Weapons Ban" expired for exactly that reason. It didn't solve the problem this same thing could have played out with hand guns.
Look at ANY other country sweetie. You are so caught in your own feedback you can’t even see clear of it.
THANK YOU FOR BEING THE TRUE POTUS, @HillaryClinton 
Your leadership, compassion and savvy are what the world needs now. KEEP SPEAKING 
Now we know there is interference can we redo the elections?
We don't need one. Hillary Clinton was the true winner.
Well that too. So can they throw his ass out and put her in her rightful place?? Something needs to be done.
Atlantic, sadly Nothing will happen with the current congress.  We need to make sure that we ALL #VoteBlue2018.  That is our hope for change.
Wizard, they may be, but that doesn't mean they are going to change their stripes.  We need to keep the ball rolling, and work for Change.
The President has spoken...as she always has, with truth & clarity and a vision for the future. Thank you Madame President.
You just sound delusional. Hilary should be in prison. Try to keep up.
Good morning Moscow!
The FBI could of prevented this one but they were too busy with your Trump dossier.
Whos fought, guns ,nra?,How about break down of american  society, by an american  govt.Such as uranium, sold to Russia, sell out to america

That Mueller Russia hoax is getting real AF! There are 13 of drump’s comrades that aren’t laughing. And the noose is tightening. Pass the popcorn please...haha
There's Hillary for you, always arriving late to the scene while the dialogue is changing focus. This was preventable. The FBI dropped the ball.
TRUMP IS DOING IT
You're going down this time sweetheart, you're going down. The American public has begun to learn the true extent of your evil soul. #Treason #Corruption #PedoGate #PizzaGate #SethRich The Piper is at your front door and he's coming in. #ByeByeHillary
You are hilarious! You have completely severed yourself from reality!
You’re gonna be SO sad. 
Lady...listen...make yourself useful...go put a skirt on get in the kitchen and make a pot of coffee and sandwiches for everyone. Then, after you finish that do some laundry. Then get back into your liberal bubble or AKA..stick your head back up your behind. #MAGA
Just a tip? If I were you I would be careful to prepare my own food.
Just sayin’.
Where's my coffee sweetheart?
Give me a quick sec, sweetie! I have something special to add!
Be good Leslie...live long and prosper 
The DoJ just proved the election was stolen from you and you continue to act with grace. You are amazing.
No it wasn't she lost cause she's a evil woman and people know it all but u low information voters!
Hillary you want some reality remember the red line with Obama I was a lifetime Democrat voted for Obama twice until the redline When the Democrats became traitors to America allowing chemical warfare on the battlefield never forget patriots Democrats are traitors to America
I also used to be a democrat, until I found myself unable to reconcile my pro-life views with the democrats' support of abortion on demand. Now I lean towards the republican view on nearly all issues.
Good....because we are pro-choice and always will be.
The choice to murder an innocent human being? Not sure how you people sleep at night.
I sleep wonderfully, knowing every woman gets to make her own choices about her body and life. It is the law of the land, get used to it...it isn’t going to change.
You need to get yourself a conscience.
Yet you kill in cold blood. Then pretend to care?  Seth Rich.  He found out.  He is a hero. How many have you had killed?
You neglect to mention that the Majority of those shootings were under the watch of the Demonrat party.
There was ANOTHER school shooting today. WTF can be happening and why now? Don’t we have enough problems wit trunt?
This is true but it’s the shooters mental state not the guns. #2A
Can u imagine what Donnie would be saying now if he had lost election & Mueller had announced that the Russian had meddled in the election helping HER to win???Boy would he be screaming to punish Russia !!!
Thank god you are not President
well another person will be the president soon, which mean trump is gonna get out! get ready to get fucked in 2020.
That is hilarious my man Trump will be president to the next 7 years
Marry me?
Yeah that’s gross
That is a flat out lie and you know it Hillary! “The figure originated with Everytown for Gun Safety, a nonprofit group, co-founded by Michael Bloomberg, that works to prevent gun violence and is most famous for its running tally of school shootings.” Total lie and not factual
Stop pulling numbers out of your ass.
How many were shot in Chicago on a given weekend? Why don't you talk about that,in a city with archaic gun control how can that even be?
Those figures have been completely discredited, much like you.
Just so everyone knows, she's off by about 200 school shootings, meaning she is over exaggerating this
https://conservativetribune.com/hillary-clinton-school-shootings/?utm_source=facebook&utm_medium=deepsix&utm_campaign=can&utm_content=2018-02-19 … Try telling the truth Hillary! Your number are 100% wrong and you know it! Reporting false numbers seems to be one of your traits which proves you’re lying to the public once again!
Shame you were not as concerned about the Benghazi 4. Hillary criminal
We are going to have a generation of kids who have lifelong PTSD-WITHOUT having gone to war
Happy Presidents Day !!!
I celebrated her NOT BEING PRESIDENT!!!!
What is the solution I’m dying to hear some one actually say it....
We must remove from leadership all who support the fraud that is what are coined as mass shootings. They are drills then we are lied to and told people are killed when the truth is nobody died
It is sad. Please in your next tweet count how many abortions and how many soldiers we lost in one year. 
I would like to see us enraged about killing unborns, and our military soldiers, and our youth killing our youth.
Does anyone know where TF Betsy Devos is??? I thought she was secretary of education. Maybe she should be speaking..
Like Hillary totally gives a shit it's all about her and her money
Sure, troll-farm troll.
That's even bigger than the Clinton body count...
Can you ever not lie?
What a skank.  She votes for war in Iraq that murdered tens of thousands of kids then pretends to care about fewer than 20 being shot in Florida.  #HypocriteMuch?

You're not ever going to be President! Happy President's Day!!
and YET thousands of UNBORN BABIES are killed daily thanks to YOUR support of planned parenthood but that's different, right??? and shouldn't that be "classified" as mass murder as well, right???


So what would you do to help prevent future killings as an election loser and as a president
And its statistics on school shootings were so misleading that even the WaPo — hardly a den of covert NRA activity — wrote an article about the group’s statistics bluntly titled, “No, there haven’t been 18 school shootings in 2018. That number is flat wrong.”
Heartbreaking 
You can't draw on the sadness of this reality in any respectable venue Hillary. America does not want your double standard. BENGHAZI happened because of your in actions. Now you keep trying. America has spoken and you are VERY UNIMPORTANT RIGHT NOW.  DEAL!!

How is that ankle monitor treating you hag? Got that boot covering  it up just like J. McCain...heard you tried to cut a deal and they told you NO!...nobody to protect you from yourself! How does it feel..ROFLMAO
Please keep speaking out! With your help hopefully we can stop this craziness and save our children from being victims of another mass shooting!
Pfft she couldn’t help herself get elected
you did not lose anything you know full well what took place... and the secret CIA that is doing it will be brought to light. You cannot use Social Media, and MSM to hide your lies any more:
http://xitapdf.landssoapseries.com/programmed-to-kill-the-david-mcgowan-75750860.pdf …
Take all the guns off the street and and the gangs to to that's the problem back in my day we would take it to the fighting ring start more boxing classes and if one is real bad lock them up
Check your facts on school shootings. Most of them people were not at the schools or people killed themselves on school grounds.
Seriously democrats don’t like facts so there’s that
Hey Hillary.
I checked.
You're STILL NOT PRESIDENT.
What about the FBI stupid Hilliary
Wow you can count so how many emails did you destroy????
Go away
Your Obama administration failed to get anything done, 162 shootings while on your administration's watch. Unlike you and Obama, President Trump will improve this problem and make a difference.
lies lies lies
Your comments aren't telling us anything we don't already know.
http://crickinfoemation.blogspot.com/2018/03/memoirs-of-international-fast-bowler.html …
Lady, why is your brain cancer having was still tweeting. You got your foil hat on for the Russian invasion?
Every time her mouth opens, you can expect a slant or lies coming out of it. How does she face people.She has never learnt since a young child -- a lie  wrong slant to the truth.
More mass shootings under prior #Obama admin than all presidents prior combined - and they did nothing.
Glad you're not running this country!! it would of been triple.
Chicago has strict gun laws. Explain why they lead the nation in shootings. I'll wait.
You need to just go away. You are not helping anyone. You lost and will never win. MAGA like @POTUS Trump is doing.
Hi mum?, sent me some $100 please.
So want did you and the Dems do about it during your 8 years?
I'm with her.
And Europe has less access to guns and more mass shootings. Knife attacks kill 5x as many people. It’s not the weapon but those who wield one. Just look to Chicago to how strict gun law don’t work. Or to the War on Drugs same thing will happen with guns as it did to drugs.
So sad news
As long as the NRA can buy any politician they want the rules and laws and regulations are not going to change. They have been pushing guns for profit hiding behind the 2nd amendment over lives since 1977.
Because the NRA tells people to do school shootings?
Thanks for the update captain obvious. Let me guess, had you been elected president this would not have happened right? Hey, is that ankle bracelet chafing you any?
If you can’t change the laws, change the lawmakers. Young people, run for office. You have the power.
so sad condition
#BoycottNRA
person like you who created ISIS and killed children, women in the world ,can not represent peace,justice,protect rights of women a.children
all i ask is what are the answers and who will step up to lead to those answer WHO!
So why can’t you Americans fix the problem...it’s really simple, ban automatic and semi automatic weapons.  It’s worked in Australia and the UK
There is ONLY ONE solution Hillary :AWAY with your 2nd amendment . Gather  the 300mil. of guns ,melt them and build a monument to the American stupidity of ( from that moment) the past!
Were these school shootings orchestrated by the deep state? How about Las Vegas? Who killed Seth Rich?
We know your the popular president! #StillWithHer
Hey Hillary how many babies have been killed bu planned Parenthood since 2012?
What have YOU dobe since Sandy Hook??
That's american way to study....
You are a LIAR!!! There has only been ONE school shooting since Trump has taken office and while that is deplorable, there were 6 during the time of you and Obama. And this is documented fact by the FBI crime report, something hag that you CANNOT refute. NO 5 shootings a month.
You need to shut up unless you actually have something worth saying, which, from your track record, is very unlikely!
That's why we need national health care to treat more stressed out people. Also we need to change the school system like Finland
This is your fault
How come you and slick Willy did not do something about it when you were in the the peoples house
LIAR
This is about one third the number of people connected to the Clinton Crime Family who have died mysteriously and whose deaths have not been solved.  BELIEVE IT OR NOT!!
On 2/21/2018, Trump listens, at 4:15 eastern time. At 4:17 eastern time, take a knee for 17 seconds, all across America .  Let’s see if he’s listening.
We lost 17 Americans! We ! Not you! Your a Muslim supporter!
Thanks Obama !
How do we cope with these angry children when we are angry every time we turn on the TV?
Shut up
2020 president 100%
Haha no seriously Haha right..
How many YOU kill, Hilary?
Nice picture, HRC
Its high time for the united states to review the private firearms policy as well as to determine the mental suitability of such firearm holders...
Maybe if they havent been spending so much time and resources trying to keep you out of jail the FBI could have stopped this
How can any of the women in here support Hillary Clinton after she enabled her husband to abuse so many women?"All women of sexual assault should be heard!"Except for the ones who accused Bill.They are liars.
Why is your only solution for me to give up my gun?  Teach kids not to bully and not to tolerate bullying by others.  To treat others with friendship and respect, as if their life depended on it, because as we see, too often it does.
These are prophecies that have been moving very quickly right before are eyes.Are President is numb to all these terrible murders of our young the NRA is his biggest backer. He’s focus is with the Russian investigation not our citizen’s what’s that tell u sad – at coachman's crossing
Many more died in car accidents. Raise driving age to 21.
Another bogus web site you are getting your information from.  Ever heard of doing some research before you spew this vitriol.

please  For "FREEDOM" ARM EVERYONE LET EACH PERSON CHOOSE "LIVE FREE OR DIE"
Off by about 200
God's grace
Please disarm your guards and enforcer goons first,then talk about Constitution raping Hillary!!!!
Okay
Men, patriots, soldiers lost their lives in Benghazi, where is your outrage?
And there were 200 school shootings after Sandy Hook & before Trump took office. Chew on that a bit.
Post your source please I’m calling bullshit on this one...


Only dumb people cheer for @BarackObama & @HillaryClinton. They have destroyed your liberty. You’re living in a surveillance state with secret courts. Everything you do is recorded. The state knows everything about you. One day it will be used against you. Cheer some more, dummy.
Most happened under obamas regime
And WHY are we not surprised.......
ur husband is sexy
@HillaryClinton
Hillary u should become a teacher
Wish you were president! Happy President’s Day to the lady who should be xo
Its hurting mum, may God help us stay away from this weaponry wild world.
She is full of shit.
Yeah why the hell didn’t you do something about it while you were in the Obama ministration you fool! And I’m not talking about gun control, I’m talking about putting armed guards in all schools… You did nothing
I jump with joy everyday because YOU Hillary, are not our President,, You be telling lie 24-7 just like Obama done, also  you would be trying every day take all of our guns, How feel loose even tho you cheated every way possible Hillary ???? Just asking
Shut up has been.
