The courageous @Astrid_NV fights tirelessly to protect DREAMers and keep immigrant families together.
@IAmMarleyDias is the brains behind #1000BlackGirlBooks, an effort to ensure black girls like her can see themselves in books.
@AiJenPoo organizes @domesticworkers—one of the fastest growing parts of the American workforce—who deserve the same respect and care they show our loved ones.
@reshmasaujani tackles the gender gap in technology by inspiring girls and women to learn to code.
Rachael Denhollander and the many women of US Gymnastics have bravely shone a light on sexual assault in sports.
The US women’s hockey and soccer teams stood up for themselves and all women in sports by demanding pay equity and fair treatment.
@ColleenFlangan advocates for health care and Americans with disabilities—absolutely refusing to be ignored.
My friends @SybrinaFulton, @GwenCarrERIC, @MariaHa05153239, @lucymcbath, @iammikesmother, Geneva Reed-Veal, Cleopatra Pendleton-Cowley, and Annette Nance-Holt have turned their mourning into a movement, fighting for a criminal justice system that actually delivers justice.
@pwcdanica put a huge crack in the glass ceiling last November, then got right to work to serve her constituents.
@NadiaMuradBasee and Wai Wai Nu are two inspiring young human rights activists I met last month at Georgetown. Nadia is raising awareness of human trafficking and Wai Wai is speaking out for peace in Myanmar and against the persecution of the Rohingya.
@TaranaBurke founder of the #MeToo movement — and catalyst for a sea change in our national dialogue.
@Emma4Change @ShannonRWatts @GabbyGiffords and so many others, whose righteous voices have pushed us to see possibility and a path forward on gun violence prevention.
Who inspires you this #InternationalWomensDay?
In honor of #InternationalWomensDay, I want to celebrate some of the women and girls who inspire me every day.

These women resist inequality, insist on a better world, persist against…
You inspire us everyday, Madame President.
You are strong and fierce.
We love you.

#InternationalWomensDay
She is not POTUS. When are you tin foil hat snowflake going to realize this!! She will be wearing orange soon for all the murders she’s committed #HisNameWasSethRich #Benghazi #ReleaseTheVideo.



In honor of #InternationalWomensDay, I would like to celebrate you.
Trump and @PressSec would like to celebrate @StormyDaniels
And Monica?
And Juanita Brodderick....and Kathleen Willey......and........
And we celebrate you Madame President! #internationalwomensday2018
President of what
Apparently booze! Did you see her drunk stumble down the stairs? Lmao
No one told me to hate her. I hated her when Bill was in office. Back when they visited my home town and treated people like shit. I suppose you are an "atheist" etc does that matter? Who gaf about my religion? You my friend are as ill as she is.
Noose time soon  ;-)... Tick tock. #Qanon #GreatAwakening #releasethevideo
I don't want Trump dead. Just out of office or preferrably in jail for evrrything he's done.
What's he done?
You haven't been reading any news or anything? Hmm, guess you shouldn't be part of this convo then. Good luck.
News?
What about @atensnut Hillary? 

Does she deserve to be listened to today?

#internationalwomensday2018
No. Proven liar. Probably not gonna support women killers either. No one said every one.
Still not heard of Cathy O'Brien?
You are not useful or accurate in any political conversation.  
Fact: Dems enslaved the blacks!
Fact: Hitler got his blueprint from the Dems to shape Germany!
You wouldn't know facts if it was in front of your face. You sure do not know anything about history but what you read from conspiracy sites
Hahaha. Damn that's a new one about Hitler. 
It’s not new,I suggest you speak to a historian.
Fact: the Dems enslaved the blacks.
Fact: Hitler used the Dems blueprint to shape Germany.
#MAGA
There are far better women in the world to advocate for women's right than you. Time to head back to the woods with the xanax & liquor!
United States Senator and Secretary of State is not too shabby my friend.
Benghazi, Uranium One, Seth Rich - I will need a PDF file to summarize it all. Have a good day!

My bad, forgot the trigger warning for those who are more fragile than others
Hey David, here’s a thought...fuck off unless you have something to add to the conversation about empowering and furthering women’s rights across the globe. What are you personally doing each day to empower women?  I’m going to assume nothing but I’d love to be proved wrong here.
Don't tell me what to do.
Oh David, David, David I was hoping you’d prove me wrong but my assumptions about small boys from West Virginia are once again proven true.  Good luck to ya...it’s gonna be a hard life for ya if you don’t like women “telling you what to do” because we are taking over love. 
Thank you Hillary for
making Arkansas schools better,
 as First Lady , being one of the top 100 attorneys in our country, working to make the lives of all children better, 12M children health care, great NY Sen. great Secretary of State and awesome First Lady  President.
#LockHerUp  you’re going to jail!! #TheGreatAwakening #WeThePeople
For what exactly.   I can promise you DJT is going t o go down first.  And, of btw Flynn that started that saying Is going to jail.
You can’t promise that?  Lol. Hillary will be brought to justice and that is a promise you can take to the bank.
For what exactly?..  Right let see so far the list is Flynn, Manafort, Gates, George P. , a banker. 3 have pleaded, appears you are on the wrong side of this one.  Sad part is we all suffer from this toddler in chief.
It will all come out soon!   Things are happening and #CNNSucks doesn’t report on them.  Research is your best friend you should try it! Don’t trust MSM news (any of them) they control everything!  #WakeUp
OMG whatever..Sounds like what Hilter said..All those guilty pleas and Gates talking is not media, it's called the law.
OMG whatever! Lol. What, are you 12? Your media tells you what they want you to hear and think?  Buckle up buttercup, Hillary’s world is imploding and she knows it!  Have a blessed day!  I know I will
Imploding how? Shes not the one under investigation for obstruction. for conspiracy, for money laundering and oh btw Hope Hicks is saying her emails are hacked mmm btw ( she SAID they would never see the light of day)
“Oh shut up” @atensnut
I DIDN'T EVEN POST THAT. IT MUST HAVE BEEN THOSE DARN TRUMP SUPPORTERS. THEIR RACIST YOU KNOW.

LOVE,

KILLARY...we're uh HILLARY

You're so unfunny you need to have fictional characters laugh for you.
You’re so insignificant you can only muster up 5 Followers on a site with hundreds of millions. #ShooFly
Blocked! ty
Sir Joffrey for the win! Had me like...
The NRA is a terrorist organization that promotes the increase of violence and the sale of death! That's not even my opinion alone, it's just basic mathematics! Which you would know if America had any real schools
The President employs more women than you ever did.
And pays them better.

You silence rape victims.
He also grabs them by the p***y? No?
Damn right. He says they "let you".
On the other hand, Bill RAPES them. 

What do you do?
So are Melania and Ivanka responsible for Trump assaulting women - or does that rule only apply if you're Hillary Clinton. Is Stormy Daniels getting paid $130K Melania's fault?
If they intimidated them to shut-up, LIKE HILLARY...
but they didn't.
Do you even know how many Presidents have had affairs?
Meh. 
Clintons were different.
I guess paying them to shut up is better in your books? Can you stop already!
The only thing that aspires U HRC is the money funneling into ur corrupt Clinton Found. or Bill getting 500k for a speech. All you acre about is urself and the dollar that U swindle from countries while SOS.
Just to give you a fact check...American people despise you so it’s time for you to hang up your India hat, fall to the bottom of the stairs without your body Armour catching you LOL!  You will be remembered as the most pathetic female ever!
I beg to disagree with you. It's people like you that have America in the shape it's in today.
Please go teach at a University, but just stop talking adding new reasons why you lost. It is enough already
Whatever university she is teaching at my kids will definitely not be going to....
"SOME" of the women, Hillary! We all know you celebrate "SOME"! The others; the ones your husband raped or sexually harassed, you attack mercilessly. When your staffers are sexually harassed; you reassign them.

People are tired of your "Do as I say, not as I do!" politics!
You are the worst example of a feminist one could imagine.
she has fought for women her entire life
against*
No! For
Unlike weak democrat women who are just realizing that Hillary thinks white women are weak, you’d never find a strong republican woman being forced to wear a hajib #Hajib Hillary shows  submission to Islam by wearing one. @seanhannity @KellyannePolls @KatrinaPierson @IvankaTrump
Thank god you’ll never be POTUS!!  Now please just go away! 
Glad you are not the President. Have you ever accepted the fact that you lost?
LOL
Where is Monica Lewinsky? Didn't she inspire you to throw Bill out of the bedroom?  Just asking.
Yawn
yeahhhh
stay on out there Hillary you can really get to the point Luv ya Girl
Yes you just trashed them because you blamed them for not voting for you. America knows how you lost the election. Quit looking for excuses. It’s all about you.

Hillary'
Always separating the American people
By their genders.
Sad.

Reminder: All those women you bashed because your husband couldnt control himself, so you blamed the women!!! How dare you pretend you stand for womens rights these days. You are a hypercrit.
LOVE U HILLARY !!
You do not give two hoots about any of this stuff.  You got yours and that is what you care about.  You are a smooth operator, but not quite as smooth as Bill.  That is why you couldn't get elected.  You have 0 personality. People see through your fake ways.
Are you going to honor all the women that your husband cheated on you with? 
How about acknowledge the ones that he sexually assaulted?
At least give credit to some of the poor Haitian women that your foundation stole millions from.
When Trump honors the women who he's cheated with, sexually harassed etc. Because those are on HIM. Bill's putative actions aren't on Hillary. You GET that difference, right? Right?
As of your latest stint in India. No one respects you. You can read and be sheltered and handled in the name of being http://informed.YOU  ARE OUT dated and tired.take a walk in the woods and come to grips at what happened and what continues to happen when you open your mouth.
Actually millions respect her.  She got the most votes, remember?  She told the truth in India.  The Hate here over one tweet celebrating women she finds inspirational proves her right about the deplorables.  A hate filled bunch that can be easily conned.
Also ironic to see you talk about 45's "truth/honesty" in your bio.  He has told more proven lies than any POTUS in history.  But you all too busy hating her to pay attn to his lies. Most of you call yourselves "Christians" too. Explains why ppl are running away from the church.
You're disgusting and I'm ashamed that we share the same gender.
Hey #Killary: how do you look in prison orange?
So not like you
Why do you lie so much? You don't give a hoot about anyone except yourself.
Monica Lewinsky inspires me - she is trying to make this world a better place - by bringing #bullying to forefront.
Not the ones in the red states though, right?
Who inspires us. NOT YOU!!
Hillary Clinton's voice will always be heard. Some ignore it at their own peril. Then we end up with someone like Trump. Ignoring Hillary Clinton does not end well.
Instead of putting up women like our mothers you put up people who can be classified to an identity tied to an agenda. #MAGA #InternationalWomensDay
What concerns me is the emphasis on western ideas on women issues, some societies have a certain role for their women destabilizing that society with western ideas is meddling
Try to hold the moral high ground.. when the GOOD women of the world see the horrible, evil things you have done to little girls and boys... the murders you have committed.. EVERYTHING will be revealed!  #QANON #GREATAWAKENING
@ValerieJarrett 
Cest bien du courage a vous hillary clinton
Except for married white women.
Really? Sure your husband didn't pressure you to say that?

I hear you and your friend @BarackObama may be getting an all expense paid trip to #gitmo. I bet @BarackObama wishes he'd have closed it!!!

Hillery you just don't get it. We the people are sick of the flippen Democrat or in your and Obama 8 years of the most coroped unlawful anti America people the nation as ever seen you and Obama have blood on your hand Obama has the blood of murders brother police officers on hem
There were absolutely NO scandals in Obama's 8 years. Trump has been in office 1 year and every day there is a new and worse scandal. The man has no morals, ethics and seems like no brains, either!!
Are you kidding every day was a scandal under Obama did you not remember bingozse among others the man was a lieing pig he has blood all over hem. Soldiers police officer s died because of that pig go read a book.

Your own party disowned you. Give it up
#NastyGranny4HillaryClinton  still Standing with you
Thought ithat was nice till I seen who wrote it.
This is a riot! The fact that you can’t take a single shred of responsibility for your election failure and that you’ve literally blamed everyone but yourself is amazing. And now, you blame white woman for listening to their husbands, bosses, etc. Please seek help and go away.
Screw you. You hate women. You don’t even like yourself jezabel. I’m a deplorable white women who can’t make a decision without my husbands approval who is for coal workers, preservation of all life and making America great again. #Trump2020.
We are not interested in you appointing yourself as our shadow gov't! GO AWAY! You are pathetic! You lost for MANY reasons...GET that!
SOME & not All?  I guess the SOME are the ones that are buying your BS
Love hillary  muchas gracias te quiero  consultar te sabes algún chilenismo  o que tu escuchastes  cuando quieras me consultas
Is this the only thing you can be proud of? Your gender ?
And Hillary you just keep running your mouth and only make it worse for the democrat party.
#InternationalWomensDay
Gotta admit, Trump does lack the formative experience of our past three presidents: community organizer, president's son, rapist.
well said
Why don't you just go down on your husband and leave America alone?
The same ones you said couldn’t make a decision on there own and only@listened to there husbands those women the biggest hypocrite to have ever lived
Hillary Clinton still not the 45th President
Are you celebrating the woman your husband assaulted or was it their fault?
Isn’t it odd that Hillary, a white woman who defends her white husband who is a rapist and womanizer lecturers other white women about being manipulated by their white husbands. Sometimes I think I’m hallucinating.
Your a fraud. You claim white women did not vote for you because they succumbed to pressure from their male family members. How inspiring! Those women did not vote for you for the very same reason the men didn't...they know your a criminal. How's that for equality. 
Apple launched new iphone click the link to see it
No woman looks up to you that's for sure. 
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DYVlk8LWAAAY0ud.jpg …
Too bad you have become an advocate for inequality.  You speak about white privilege which is identity politics on its own.  You used that all through your campaign angering many people. You are white privilege Hypocrite.Color Is not what makes privilege, wealth does. Like yours
Did their Husbands let them? Asking for a friend.
Where's the laughing at you button?
I wonder how Rapey Bill is celebrating #InternationalWomensDay ,
Its seems like a lot of males are trying to throw trash on #internationalwomensday2018
You continue to be a inspiration for women, and all people-  Thank you for your years of continued Public Service, Against the worst of odds, You are Light
You mean any woman who isn't a white republican right? Because white republican women can't think or act for themselves according to you.
I was Democrat for many years until OBAMA/& HILLARY ran for President. I will never Vote Left democrat again. I am a college educated Woman
Berta Cáceres inspires me.
.ظ
White, married women vote the way their husband's, boss', son's vote. Seriously. What century are you living in. Take your meds and go to bed. It will be better in the morning.
I told my wife that if she didn't vote for Trump, that I would leave her. I watched her fill out her ballot, and made sure that she indeed voted for Trump. After confirming that she did, I rewarded her by making sweet love to her that night.
Cool

By shared fights are you referring to the charities that received 5% of the money brought in by The Clinton Foundation while you kept the rest?  Does women’s day include the women you said can’t think for themselves and only do what their husband says?
You do Hillary. Your work, passion, and your ability to shine the light on others girls and women.  I am 63 and last year was the first time I have voted.  Because I believe in you and have. NO problem calling u Madame President.  U are an inspiration to all of us!
Bravo ....you are a real woman
Oh! My God man never inspired & inspring you?  I don't think ! I am really so sorry to say it but it's  never happened anywhere i mean only girls & women Inspring & no one from man's world! Even we Indian loving & respecting great personality like you & ur dearest family too
First I have to give it up for the women in my family, from my grandma to my mom to my aunts. Amazingly and silent they forged a way to raise their and other children. With them, it took a village. You, ma'am are my inspiration now. Thank you.
What about monica L.
Monica Lewinsky is part of the #MeToo movement!!!
You are absolutely not an inspirational women - how could you say that women vote according to the men in their life - how dare you denigrate women like that.  No matter what anyone says to anyone who they follow during the election, it is only you and the machines in that booth
By the way, Hill, I’m a single intelligent white female, with a college degree.  Nobody pressured me to vote the way I did.  I voted for President Trump and would do it again.  Face it...YOU lost because you’re YOU.
Viva Hillary Clinton Viva!you remain one of the strongest mother of time,we salute you!
Yet you insult and degrade women every day.  Especially white women and those your husband abused.  Please stop.
Most  are very tired of you... She is not helping the Democratic Party and I think she should take a very long vacation and leave the future of the party to other people. I think the future of the party is not with her… the party of the future is not Hillary Clinton’s party.”
https://twitter.com/moekamerow/status/972609448396038144?s=21 …
Great examples of women working on such crucial programs. Glad to learn about them. Much continued success to them all.
Hello hillaryclinton much to talk with mama
Sorry, @HillaryClinton does not give money to people from Haiti on Twitter. This is only for promotional items.
you celebrating women's day is irony at it's best
..Hillary grabbed my ass at Dulles airport..remember? Would you like to do it again??
And don’t forget to include us deplorable women Trump supporters! Do we inspire you crooked Hilary? Because some of us have beaten the odds, overcame all types of abuses,  don’t have a college degree but went on to become successful , we r great moms, wives,sisters and friends!
Creepy
And I’m here to tell you inequality doesn’t exist. Quit being blind and bat shit crazy.
Yea, see what you did there Hillary lol you are so full of crap.
Does Monica Lewinsky inspire you?? Why DONT you mention her? Or Paula Jones? Or the many other women sexually abused by #that Sexual Deviant!!!
Please be mindful of your words. The Democrats should not have to defend you to win elections. I voted for you twice but right now you are not helping. Talk about women, talk about the environment but let the damned election go
Women Trump voters?
You mean like these women?
Hillary Clinton criticized by fellow Dems for trashing female Trump voters http://fxn.ws/2FKyEYg 
She dont care !
I’m inspired by all the intelligent, never tiring women Trump has appointed. Too numerous to name.
She tha big gay

#RespeccWahmen Day

Can't stand any of that family
Ummmm let me think... there'http://s.no , but she ...ah. nope. I got nothing
I am calling for global world justice and human right for myself from British political and police 11 years use system that are scan propaganda nazi bowling racism against me. Anyone who can help me for justice or end story telling you
you're a pretty woman..
She’s a snake in a suit
I am a proud feminist because...
#Feminism #feminist #feminists
Nice. I was worried about where that cartoon was going.
Americans are waiting for your presidency.
Juanita Broaddrick inspires me - she is a #rape survivor - dedicates life to showing other #rape #sexualassault survivors that they can overcome!  

#MSNBC thinks highly of her as well.
YOUR PATHETIC CLIN-NOKIO...TRULY  PATHETIC....
we'll done Mr am congratulations 2u to celebrate woman day we should u d base in ur life
you are the biggest lier in the world you cheat on everything you do
As if you know what supporting women really is other than your own pockets!!!! #Haiti #CrookedHillary #Cabal
a trumpkin. go away.
Never...WE are here to stay to see America Restored!! #MAGA #Trump
well your america will die out in 2020
Their "America" will die out before then.. I predict some time this year..
You can never be president stop posting inspirational quotes... Get over it. And for the record forcing students to March in support of gun control law is bull.
Tell bill. I said hi
Do you think you can? Life is always about second chance, you will start by a crawl then stand then walk until you can fly, because if you try to fly before the steps you will fall and break your bones.

Hold this 
Maya Angelou ♡
& YOU Hillary!
Proud to celebrate Women! You rock Hillary. Call me sometime!
My rep, @RepBarbaraLee is inspiring and continually stands up for what's right, even if at times it's an unpopular move.

Oh please! Ur energy matrix is of a compulsive glutton 4 $$ & power, slippery tongued, vindictive, two-faced. Architect of intricate web contaminating all who come in contact. 
RADIOACTIVE 
Ergo, ur existence is a disturbance 2 true quality women, & everyone else 4 that matter.
Louisa May Alcott, Anne Morrow Lindbergh, Mary Anning, Condoleezza Rice and Laura Bush

You're off your meds.
in Russia on the international women's day it is customary for men to give women bouquets of flowers and gifts. most often give perfume, shampoos and gold jewelry.

Um women don't have the same rights as a man???? Looks like ur doing just fine ur self, and a lot better then most men are ms killer, I mean Clinton. So under ur power thank God ur not women would do better? U realize murder to get ahead is illegal right???
Hillary started a new movement/PAC "Onward Together" slogan; "Resist, Insist, Persist, Enlist." Now checkout her second sentence?
.
http://www.saferwholesale.com/High-Quality-Mini-Rider-Portable-Mobility-Scooter-p/evr%20-%20mini%20rider.htm?vfsku=EVR+.+Mini+Rider&Click=35179&vfsku=EVR+.+Mini+Rider&gpla=pla&gclid=CjwKCAjw-bLVBRBMEiwAmKSB8-_ZwsvNKL3NRjTfSsBK9H51H2pIELoU4bQ_yXQulUEEOF9lu3mcJhoCKNMQAvD_BwE …
Maybe you would  be better off seated  to bad you wouldn't trip and bit your tongue off
FAKE. Disingenuous liar.
Go sniff cocaine.
You Go Ms President!
You forgot to give a big thanks to the communist part supporters for helping to organize this, your fight Hillary is for all to hate
Are these the women you say that we Trump supporters don't want to have jobs? 
We demand an immediate apology for your reckless despicable slander!
Please stop humiliating yourself and the country.  We have to move forward!  Please, I can't believe your family doesnt tell you the same!
Madame President, you inspired me since way back in the 1970s with your good works. You have always a tower of strength & integrity. Thank You!
You know she is not your president after 3 attempts right?
Does that include all the women in the middle east that you wouldn't stand up for so you could take their government's money?  Just curious.
Poor women....to stupid to know who to vote for without husband telling them..""
Madam Clinton... Do you think about standing up in solidarity with the Palestinian women too..... They are aggrieved by an Apartheid Regime with you so passionately support.
my sisters, my mother, my teachers, You, Michelle Obama, Mother Theresa, and the so many great women leaders of the world out there
Hi
LIAR, the only things you respect are POWER and MONEY.  Women who choose not to vote for you are not enemies of The State, Hillary. We're ALL Americans and most of us have had Enough of the Clinton CABAL destroying our economy and corrupting our gov't.  Go AWAY Hillary to GITMO
We always like you to see as President of USA
As a fellow Dem, can you put a sock in it?  You're supposed to be more mature than myself and tRump. You're not some peon in a Twitter spat. "Dems are angry over Hillary Clinton’s latest comments"
You inspire me HRC. Every.  Single. Day. http://atlantismediation.com 

Are you including Monica??
WE know who YOU are! WE know who YOU married! The fact that you thought it was okay to stay married to a man that is a sexual predator and a rapist shows you have very little respect for yourself let alone other women!! And hanging out with the likes of Harvey Weinstein! GO AWAY!
same here ma'am
“These women resist inequality, insist on a better world, persist against all odds, and enlist others in our shared fights.”

Hillary Clinton would be among the top of that list
But trump has more women working for him at higher pay than obama did. You dims need to educate yourselves outside of cnn.
Does that include unborn babies that you think it's ok to murder?

Even the ones who followed their husbands, sons and fathers and voted for Trump?
U r CRAZY! What is it now ur 111th excuse why u lost U lost bc Benghazi, 33,000 emails u deleted, Ur Foundations hundreds of millions of dollars donated from foreign countries while u were Sec of State, all the fraud of Huma/Weiner ALL blew up in ur FACE &to many more to list
And the content in those emails will make your skin crawl.NYPD knows allllll about it, lol and there are too many of them to silence.
Better run to qtar as you did last time. Popodopoles went with you. You know the next you ratted out.

Don't you have some payments to make on a dossier or something?
.@HillaryClinton YOU have been such a great inspiration for millions of people around the globe. Including me. THANK YOU! 
Better ask Haiti
the goverment from haiti stole te money not her, read more about their corrupution before you talk.
Hillary Clinton you are an embarrassment to all women and to the human race in general. You have blood on your hands and will someday face the consequences of your actions. Maybe on earth and Certainly after you have left this earth!
Kathleen Willey, Juanita Broaddrick, Jennifer Flowers, Paula Jones, Monica Lewinsky, just to help jog your memory; Hillary!
