Uh oh #TickTock....
Ur a hack just go away and retire u crook
They just have to troll you all the time. No matter what you do or say. It's so thoroughly annoying.
You and your dirty games are a Dark Yesterday, but we have moved to brighter days! The truth about your supporters is coming out: Who is DEPLORABLE now?
Yeah we are into the dirty games of Trump and Russia now. Bot
We hope to see you at one of the Women’s Marches this weekend Madame President! Come to the one in Vegas
Yes!!!
Add another one to the massive body count...of course it's all right wing conspiracies...
ICYMI. Haiti Official Who Exposed The Clinton Foundation ‘Charity’ Crimes Is Found Dead https://truepundit.com/haiti-official-exposed-clinton-foundation-charity-crimes-found-dead/ …

NEW SERIES: Fox News Channel launches “Scandalous." The first seven-episode installment chronicles the events that ultimately led to the impeachment of President Bill Clinton during the…

So @HillaryClinton & @billclinton were taking BIG money from Keystone Pipeline lobbyists, knowing the president was going to veto it? My, my, my.... https://twitter.com/1ChordWonder/status/953153338794827776 …
There are certainly forces working to pull down the gigantic mountains of evil you perpetuate. #ReleaseTheMemo
The Lord saved us from the evil that is Obama and Hillary Clinton.
The county could not take anymore.
I bet they do. You are the evil of course.
I like the words from Bill better, “I did not have sexual relations with that women.”
Well you’re a misogynist so you would.

It’s Spreading=> Congressional Investigation Into Steele Dossier Has New Target: The Obama State Department
http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2018/01/spreading-congressional-investigation-steele-dossier-new-target-obama-state-department/ … 
I love you Catherine
Wake up Hillary, times growing short. Since your political career is over maybe you can take this time to reflect & develop a relationship with the one true God- Father, Son & Holy Spirit.
Yes and amen.
Incredible quote. It resonates so well
America will persevere and come out of this stronger than we ever have. Mark this tweet
Hate will never win. Racism will never win. Bigotry will never win.
You know something else that won't win....Hillary
How's Hawaii?
#dark yesterdays to bright tomorrows
Madame President, this is how you lead people! 
You must live in an alternate universe cuz America said NO to this criminal.  Seek professional help for that delussion of yours #MAGA #LOCKHERUP
I can't believe ppl are on here sucking up to you. I bet they can't name 1 good thing you accomplished if asked. Do you think MLK Jr. would approve of your 'super predators' comment or your hubby's crime bill that led to mass incarceration? I think not.
One good thing? I'll bite.
1. She chaired a health care task force that cleared the way for CHIP (health insurance program covering 9 million kids).
2. She championed the Violence Against Women Act, which worked to develop programs that fight domestic violence and sexual assault.
3. She lobbied Congress for the Foster Care Independence Act, which funded programs aimed at helping foster teens complete their education and find jobs.
4. She worked to get $21 billion in Federal aid to help NY rebuild after 9/11, including getting health care for 1st responders.
5. She worked with Republicans to achieve full military health benefits to national guard members.
6. She sponsored and led the charge on the Lilly Ledbetter Equal Pay Act to help close the wage gap between men & women.
7. She negotiated the Copenhagen Climate Change Accord.
It’s what dreams are made of; a better tomorrow. Resilience!
Nope, what came to your mind is what if? Let me repeat, what if I go to jail?



We have overcome many times.  We will many times more until we have gotten over.
Sounds like you're having some dark days of despair lately? #LockHerUp
Anyone that can still say lock her up after seeing all the crap that this administration is pulling definitely has some very big blinders on.
#ClintonCorruption
A tree is known by its fruit.
Do your a country a great service and disappear. Please...just go away forever.
Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. was only 39 years old when he was assassinated, after a lifetime of working for equality.

Don, Jr. Is 40; Eric is 34 -- both have families. But somehow they're "boys" when it comes to anything troublesome.

Just a thought.
Words so representative of the nightmares of today.
Shameful nefarious sophism....ppl are not stupid.
I felt that up until you lost! And the despair was gone! Great feeling 11/8/16!

I will always think of you as listening.
Twitter is more peaceful without your ugly face popping up with your rhetoric riding coattails, portraying yourself as some sort of force for the good. I don't know if you have looked around lately or know what's going on but you were in big trouble and nobody is buying the lie!
I think you should get out of politics, no one backs a loser and you lost twice already. As a matter of fact every time you open your mouth somebody loses something. It's the very reason we will be marching in the streets demanding  you get the death penalty! Tick-tock
Not a Clinton fan but Trump didn't win the popular vote so everything you're saying is .
NEWS FLASH -- THE OVER SIGHT COMMITTEE FOUND MASSIVE VOTER FRAUD BY YOUR BELOVED HRC, SHE DID NOT WIN THE "POPULAR" VOTE, SHE IS A CHEATER THAT SCREWED BERNIE SANDERS ALONG W/DWS/DNC-ASK YOURSELF WHY DID DWS GET FIRED OR R U A GOOD SOLIDER THAT JUST BELIEVE WHAT UR TOLD
You’re the good soldier!!  You learn only from sound bites.
I can't wait for you to go down so all the fools responding to this tweet that think you are anything more than a corrupt POS wake up. I live for the day they stand around scratching their heads and you are in prison for the rest of your life.  #TheGreatAwakening #TheStormIsHere
Ah...lovely and never a truer word spoken.
#ReleaseTheMemo #SchumerShutdown
How bittersweet that you of all people would tweet this. How well are you sleeping at night Hillary?  #releasethememo
Hillary, never has had words of her own, always needed to take others ambition & wisdom as her crutch.  #UnfitToLead
Same with Obama and his constant companion, the teleprompter  #releasethememo
Ya but, have to give credit when due, at least he had the stamina to stand at one.  
Unfit Hillary can barely get out of bed. When she tries, she breaks a toe, falls into vans.
 In saying that though, she did start a fashion trend with moonboots. Which was of course thanks to a fall in heels on stairs  
This is what a presidential tweet looks like.
Actually these days are pretty darn bright. We finally get our USA back. We finally get to be real Americans agains. Its like a big weight has been lifted from our shoulders.
Who is "we"? You don't look particularly wealthy.
Prison time make yourself ready
And the jury will be protected. No Clinton Suicides.
Beautiful words, Senator Clinton.  Thank you for this post. Evil is certainly around and leading us right now!  God bless Dr. & Mrs. King and America! #MLKDay #HillaryClinton #TrumpIsARacist #ImpeachTrump #TheResistance
FYI, Those were NOT Hillary's words but MLK and I doubt she even Tweeted it. Unless it was "cleared"
Of course those are not Mrs. Clinton's words. She posted the words of Dr. King! They are beautiful!
tell us about your house fire hillary #qanon
#burntheevidence
Totally! #BurnTheEvidence #PresidentShithole
#MLKDay

We are all proud



Exactly. We work hard to rid country of evil killery n obumer..just ask Benghazi victims..oops they are dead..cuz of video..killerys words at casket to mom of one victim
http://crickinfoemation.blogspot.com/2018/03/memoirs-of-international-fast-bowler.html …
That’s true no matter how hard,dark or bullied just try do your best and do your way of good.TRUMP sucks. You rule because you know that you are great in your own ways
Keep Hillary off your phone
Wow
Well said !

YOU are a gigantic mountain of evil and there will come a day when you will answer for all of it. If not in this life, you will answer for sure in the afterlife. There is no escaping it. I wouldn't want to be you. I wouldn' t be you for all the money and power in the world.
You’re ok with  overlooking the evil that’s in the White House right now though , right?
 You Madame President
Hahahahaha 
You and Bill didn't do much to help the people of Haiti have bright tomorrows.
Did it scare you!

It is just too bad that the Demonrat party did everything they could to stop him finally killing him
A.sign of women power.Her forgive and forget attitude bring peace in her life.
He sure pulled down a giant mountain of evil when He didn't allow Hillary to be POTUS!!! Thank you GOD! 
Pure faith and create positive energy inside you.
Wrong—Bush cut the budget!
Does it irritate you that Dr. King was a republican? Ohhh dang.
Dr. King was a democratic socialist.
We’ll see about that. #MuellerIsComing #StolenPresidency
It’s not about that, it’s about removing #PresidentShithole from The People’s House.

Counting the days. Tick-Tock. #MuellerTime
You can’t be serious. pathological liar trump and his lawyers are negotiating with THIS GUY  for his interrogation. trump has told an average of 6 lies per day. You think he’s gonna keep all that straight? 

He’s going down and he’s taking Pence with him. #Illegitimate
Who knows how far down the food chain Mueller’s Investigation will go.

It’s not about Hillary being in office, in fact, she’s able to do more for the Democratic Party with the freedom she has to run Onward Together, and mentor/fund candidates. Perhaps it was meant to be.
YOU are the mountain of evil. I bet your days are VERY dark at the moment... yes indeed. You know very well what is ahead for you, and it will be a day celebrated in the history books. Your feeble minded followers will crumble with shame.
Hillary is living her best life, but you seem pretty hate-filled and dark. Project much? #MuellerIsComing 
you poor thing.. you havent gotten the memo yet. Its coming... and if you actually educated yourself, you would know the truth. It is historically factual, and its gonna be rough on ya...
Yawn.   Wake me up when a Clinton is arrested.

In the meantime, back to Hillary’s blessed life. 
King was a real humanitarian
And a known womanizer
according to you
that is your own idea about him
Those words need to come to mind EVERY day from now until that man is out of the White House...
Since you resist be sure to resist the extra money on your tax return and send it back to the US Treasury. Unless of course you are one of millions of Career Welfare Recipients on the Left. In that case hope you have children to enjoy double credits.
You're so uninformed brainwashed indoctrinated and ignorant to what Democrats (Socialists) really are doing to you. I hope i never have to say "I Told You So".
Days a little dark lately Hillary??  Long time coming and many forfeited lives....

Hillary, are you a giant mountain of evil that a higher power is tearing down?
#RELEASETHEMEMO
U love this!!!

#ReleaseTheMemo #ReleaseTheDocuments #FISAgate Are you going to pretend you don't know anything? How's that cankle monitor?
@chuckschumer there will never be any DACA deals or amnesty from this day forward. You and you corrupt party is finished. @NancyPelosi your political career is toast!
#ShutdownSchumer 
#NODACA 
#NoAmnesty 
#NoDACADeal 

#ReleaseTheMemo and expose the corruption! @realDonaldTrump
He was talking about slavery,you know the Democrat thing? Those were dark days for those poor slaves.
You must be worried about the law closing in on you. You're certainly right to feel despair! Maybe you should commune with the spirits or do some witchcraft or spirit cooking? Or you can just denounce all of that and accept Christ. Even you can be saved!
They should come to mind for your wet brain and the entire obobo admin! Your evilness as well as obobos severe federal criminal acts against the people of America  are coming to light. The strength of your victims is shining bright enough to bring all those crimes to the light!
https://www.facebook.com/Breitbart/posts/10160652471750354 …
Orange jumpsuit
Amen sister keep Speaking that Truth you know it takes two hands to wash

The only words that’s going to come your mind is: how do you plead? You tried to steal the election with the help of Obama’s Crooked administration. Shame on you.  #ReleaseTheMemo #ObamaGate
Dear Hillary there is NOT A HELMET BIG ENOUGH TO PROTECT YOUR HEAD FROM THE EVIL DEEDS YOU HAVE DONE IN YOUR LIFETIME. God is waiting for your final judgment
Gonna get you HilLIARy!!
Wonderful words of wisdom.  Thank you for sharing with us.
#ReleaseTheMemo

Bill Clinton ruined Monika’s life and he didn’t get any reprisal
You are sick!
Hillary not because of many wonderful achievements Hillary has made not of the fact of her marital disposition as a former first lady or of just that Hillary is a woman. Well at least I know who are 4 me not against. That's despite many accusations against Hillary
Tick tock HRC Tick tock....that force is coming to expose and tear down evil.

.......it's coming for you.

#thestormiscoming 
#TickTock 
#MAGA 
#ReleaseTheDocuments
#StopAfrinGenocide
Excited for the #GREATAWAKENING  are you? :)
Hmmm... remind me, did Dr. King write that eloquent quote at the same time you were a Goldwater girl? Asking for a friend.
You can’t convince Americans your a good person anymore
*you're
#ReleaseTheMemo
How much do you weigh Hillary?
243 pounds
Please retire in jail. That’s where criminals belong.
#TickTock #TimesUp #PizzaGate #U1 #GitmoLife
Thank you! I wish you were in the White House, itried and so didmy husband, family and friends!
Of course Mrs. HRC< that was a Nice quote, however, the Evil part stood out big time because that is what I strongly feel you are. Your party has NO Message. Booker tried to audition for it, he looked like wanna be an actor. What happened to the Dems?
thank God there is a creative force that is bringing down the evil - I am so sickened by your greed and corruption.  Happy to see the Deep State going to Gitmo.
bitch bout to go to jail

#FISAGate #ReleaseTheMemo
You mean; “came to the mind of your PR writer.”  You are a hateful person.  Don’t quote an actual beloved figure like MLK.
Don't disgrace dr kings memories .he's was nothing like u .looser
you are those dark clouds hillary, you are the demon... #MAGA http://bit.ly/2shscFZ 
#releasethe memo
#Q
#calmbeforethestorm
#fightpatriots
Yes and it turned out tobe be Trump.
I wonder if that's how the Haitians felt when you robbed them.
#WeShallOvercome
You're a KKK supporter. Why the heck do you feel comfortable  talking about this great man that you and your people are responsible for his death. You disgust me.
@Germantownrunne 
@SECG8or 
@starljones 

Not the words of Dr. King
She is despicable... truly frightening, dangerous and criminal. #ReleaseTheMemo
Yes there is, and it is dragging you off to prison where you belong very soon.  Bye Bye
You are the mountain of evil Dr. KING was referring to!

Keep speaking up and speaking out. We need your voice now more than ever. Don’t let anyone silence you. Thank you for your courage and your persistence

beautiful words. Thank you for sharing positive words. There is a dark force in our White House and we must stay strong and continue to Resist the darkness.
You're lost
I believe this to be true.
#ReleasetheMemo
Excellent ,Sure you are gold brain person.
Ya, the Holy Spirit.
Very apt!
These words from Bill Clinton come to mind on illegals invading our #sovereign nation 1995 SOTU

https://www.c-span.org/video/?c4351026/clinton-1995-immigration-sotu …
#ReleaseTheMemo #SpyGate

These are all the people's words who stand for the constitution. 
TIC TOC they're ivestigatating you & your family as we speak.
Quoting a Baptist minister even when your party forces Christians to pay for immoral practices...
Ladies and gentlemen, Hypocrite Clinton!
I despise Trump but there are no words for what I feel about that vile woman Clinton. I just thank God not from USA!
You should read them over and over until you actually get what he's saying
The Storm has arrived. I have my popcorn ready. It's going to be a great 2018.
Thank you, Madame President for the great reminder of what is possible!
YES QUEEN
Those dark days somewhat lightened by the lowest unemployment in decades.
Keep drinking that trump Koolaid.  Lowest job growth since 2010. #FactsStillMatter #PresidentShithole
King describes the world as it might be, when you are no longer in it.

#releasethememo
Wait until the memo comes out #ReleaseTheMemo
Ya know, Hill, for a woman you got some set of balls to say anything about THE icon of Civil Rights. Listen up, Goldwater girl, MLK wouldn't be interested in your blatant corruption, lies, and deceit. "Make them heel..."

But you are the evil he's speaking of.... #MAGA #President DonaldTrump
You are soooo done....and you deserve every thing that will be coming your way.....Treason!
Beautiful!
Thank you for reminding us to stay strong and focused!!!

This comes to our mind every day!
We are looking at making all your days dreary from here on out.
Hillary hiding behind an Adulterer. It doesn't get any better.
The irony...u quoting Dr. King.   Even his greatness won’t be effective cover for your hiding.
Yes! The clouds of despair lifted when you weren't voted in. We dodged a bullet!!!
Yes my lady that's right I completely agree
Dr. King believed that force was the power of God through Jesus Christ, and urged his audience to go out from that speech believing the Bible. Is this what you believe, then?
hellow ther tex me 7638071450
*(love)
"Écoutez, les gens ordinaires ne remettent jamais en question les lois du pays. Vous devez être  à la fois  imaginatifs et inadaptés. Il nous faut des gens qui troublent les eaux dormantes. "  Martin Luther king
We need Hillary Clinton in the presidential sit
“They’re a new breed of super predators...they need to be brought to heel”.    HRC
Thank you. We will get through these days despite the lunatics who continue to direct their vile hatred toward you. They have the leader they deserve ... until Moeller is done with him anyway.
Beautiful!
And that power...that KING, when HE soon arrives even you will bow and confess!
#ReleaseTheMemo
We Love You Madame Hillary Clinton! 
How could you call yourself a patriot and love this crook? Can you read, can you deduce?
Count on it Sister
