I’m sorry that you were so harshly criticized just because you’re a woman. We are still proud of everything you have done to help advance women’s rights in this country and the world. 

Thank you for continuing to fight.
She was criticised because of her corruption and lack of leadership. Because she let American men die at Benghazi. Because she defended rapists before she lost her license to practice law. She ignored the many women that were raped by her husband. Not because she’s a woman.
Lost her Law License.?Really How. And When?  Where can I read about this ?? And FYI Benghazi was a sham investigation. Look it up. Try a newspaper.and a new Argument.  That hasn’t been debunked by even RepubliCONS.
Don’t bother with people like Christine. Facts are not her friend and she is not likely to accomplish in 10 years what HRC and Gillard each did in one week.
Actually Christine is right .....She left out the kidnappings,sacrifices,pedo island. Y’all hate facts that don’t align with the lies on fake news. 
But those who read and think for themselves know. We know who she worships.
I almost feel sorry for you....but not quite.
Please don’t feel sorry for me. Feel sorry for the kids. If you’re religious pray. Hillary,Obama....even the Pope are going down.
What’s done in the dark will be brought to the light.
I’ll pray for you.
What do you think?
#FauxNews #FoxNews #FoxNotNews #fakenews #FakeNewsMedia #fakenew
I lost a friend this week because I refused to watch Hannity with her. I told her that would not happen.
We don’t know each other, but you’re my friend now.  If that’s the minutiae she requires for her friendship, she’s not worth yours. That you refused her terms puts you at the top of lists of many more worthy endeavors with far better friends.
Thank you Janelle.
You’re welcome, friend.
Wow. Are you joining the Board, HRC? You should. But thank you for continuing to promote women as global leaders. 
She will be in jail or possible hanged.

1st off that won't happen. 2nd she will be in jail.

Awesome! Have you seen this?
You’re the legit president. We all know.
Nope she is nothing 
#CrookedHillary #Killary
If she is a nothing, then what on earth does that make you?
  (Like it or not, she was Secretary of State...)
Says the 32 follower bot
Repeat after me loser. PRESIDENT Trump.
I said it. Am I saved now?

It's amazing to me how many Trumpists are still obsessed with you. You post a fairly harmless tweet, and the little conservative snowflakes come out in force and whine and complain and insist you disappear. Never disappear. It's fun just to watch them piss and moan like children.
Because she should be in jail.
Like yes elf
Thanks for sharing Hillary!  I am so grateful to great leaders like you and Julia!  A wonderful initiative for woman!
It won't be so wonderful once you realize she's a human consuming pedifile rapist.
You are a sick person
Thank you, boss lady 
She’s not even the boss of Bill.
Piss off, imbecile

Did that make you feel good???
It's pathetic that you're walking free
Just go away. You are so yesterday!
I'll keep her. She's light years better than his royal orangeness.
She cant even stand up on her own. Gtfo
You realize tge old man you support I'd the only member of the g8 who had to take a cart, rather than walk?  I'll take a person fighting pneumonia over a "ridiculously healthy" old man who can't walk to the green from cart parking

Thank you so much for your passion, commitment and effort  It's women like you who give women around the world hope and strength! #TheFutureIsFemale


Go back to the woods, ugly!!!!
That's not a very Christian thing to say...I'm an atheist and I'm more Christian than you. If the holy spirit was in your heart, you would refrain from saying ugly things according to the bible. Thanks for confirming my beliefs.
Why should she?
 Us Christians? I was a Christian. Well Catholic. Did the whole Catholic education so I am more then qualified to give my opinion on "your savior" who, by any account would not be filled with so much hate. I'm more moral then half these so called "Christians."
Can it, Cankles!
Bot
Guess I’m a bot better that a tide pod eating snowflake
He wasn't hired. He stole the process.
Sure pal now go to your safe space and eat another tide pod
Hell awaits you. You may have gotten away with murder here on earth, but hell is waiting you corrupt POS.
Lol “hell awaits you”. What are you still 8, believing in fairy tales!?!
So many small and weak men still threatened by this woman. Hilarious!
Isn't it great when Hillary posts?
Not just for the great stuff she says, but...
I get so much productive blocking done.
Respect! Great comments Hillary Clinton
can't wait till she's in jail.
We wish you had become president instead of the Donald
You know we don't. That's why she lost.
Wishing Clinton would hurry up and turn into dust.
Bot much?
Hey Eric
And admitting that is the first step to recovery from assholio, congrats
You seam to like that assholio. Must be bend over material. You take it up the assholio
Go away! You’re old news! You’re not relevant
Then why the hell are you reading and taking time to reply to her tweets?
Have to keep your enemies close!
You’re a sad little person
LOCK YOU UP
YOU KILL 1 M PEOPLE
Trump's army is stronger than yours
If Hogg keeps yappin, Republicans will hold the house an come close to 60 senators. Keep yappin gun control hogg. It'll draw double tje deplorables out to vote
Women supporting women. Thank you, Hillary.
Beautiful lady huge respect one of our better PMs
Wish I could see your face when you hear the news that she's in jail possibly executed.
Her & Obama will be arrested as well as our top FBI that helped her frame Trump. Just wait and see, it's going to happen 
That's awesome maybe her institute and your foundation can rip people off together.  #ClintonCrimes

Thank you, and best of luck to PM Gillard and the Institute. Your leadership has meant so much, and still does. I hope you know that, Madame Secretary.
Well stop now you may have a chance
You're not a woman that cares about women. You just care about their votes.
No she only cares about the money she steals from people that are desperate.. Clinton foundation!!
Another bot
How can you claim we are bots.  You don't even know us. Just because some of us hate the Clintons doesn't mean we are bots. It does mean you are naive tho.
So if you don't know me how can you be sure I'm a bot. I'm pretty sentient if I am a bot. Maybe i should contact Google. Get on their advanced ai program. Could make me millions. Will you be my handler seems you are the one that discovered me.
Yup, total bot...no capitalization, short partial sentencing, an attempt to be witty in an robotic type of way...bot
Lol. You are wasted in your current job. You should at least be head bot catcher at https://Twitter.com  with super sleuthing detective work like that. Wow you sure did catch me out. You are amazing. You're like the twitter Sherlock. Keep up the good work.

Lies, all ... what was that, even CNN confirmed it you say?
Great to hear from you again.
You'll be hearing from her while she's in jail soon enough.
What is wrong with you “kook aid”! Trump is the worst fake president I have ever seen in my life time. He has lied to us over 1500 times or more since he became A FAKE PRESIDENT! His vendetta for Hillary is his damn ego. He pissed off because he can’t get it
He’s so fake but yet he sleeps in the White House?
We didn't have any barriers for you..... you were just a terrible candidate
And trump was/is even worse.
Everything is going great. Quit watching that Rachel Maddow dude's show.  Get out and enjoy your country
Trumpsters in their dumpster trump fires.

Quit your whining and face the facts that you cheated and still lost!
#LockHerUp
#MAGA 
Still waiting for Mueller’s investigation to shed the light of truth on that one. Lol ole Donny has been sweating though and his anti mueller twitter fingers show it.
How old you gonna be and still mumbling that?
judging by the pace of Donny's tweets probably another 6 months before he is detained and charged.
Ah, the ever hopeful ever-wishful, waiting for the tooth fairy.
Zzzz you’re just a boring dullard

She's still an American citizen with the right to free speech. We are still in America, right?
I think Walter is in Moscow.
Nice try Ms Foley. Your Russian dreams are turning into half-Baked Alaska! 
Democrats, get set to lose your ‘collusion’ delusions:
It's Dr Foley, actually. 
Dr Delusional I apologize!
At the time I didn't appreciate all that Julia achieved. Congratulations to you both for your contributions to women's rights.
How awesome 
Go away already!! I love winning with Trump   MAGA
B-b-b-b-botttt
MADAM SECRETARY!!!! How are you today?
Thank you, Sec Clinton for all you do/have done for Americans of all stripes!!
Like the ones she left to die in Benghazi and then lied about it. She will be in jail soon enough.
U Know if I was as stupid and unin-formed as u r, I would keep my thoughts to myself, so that everyone else wouldn't know!!
Hillary you are so full of shit!!!
Same to you only more so!
Why thank you.
You’re the best!
You have always been a champion of women. Thank you for your leadership, Hillary 
Hillary is on point with her “Aussie” reference. Lol #ImStillWithHer 
Thanks for your leadership Madame President! #StillWithHer
This tweet blew up quick. Hillary is still loved!
Guard! She’s got her phone again!
Now now go look after the old man or he ll get another stormy
Well done Julia Gillard - we are proud of you
Shut up, shitbag.

Wish you would do the same at a university here in the USA. Your best days are still ahead of you.
They sure are, 3 hots and a cot!
I agree @HillaryClinton men seem to think that a woman can't do a man's job - WRONG!!! Us women would do a way better job than a man any day. You would of been the best President the World has ever seen!
I served with many Women Marines that kicked some serious butt !!!
Sweet, if it was me it would be on and Crackin
Congratulations to both ladies, I commend your courage to continue and achieve even with the personal attacks against you
Noboby likes you
Ha! Says the bot with 9 followers! Lmao!
We wish you a long life so that you may continue to use your time, energy and intellect to do all the good you can, in as many ways as you can, for as many as you can.
I am a proud #feminist.

#FeminismIs #feminists #feminismo #girlpower
Must admit, the woman equality debate in Australia really made news when @JuliaGillard was PM. It's a good thing. We all want equality and unfortunately it took a woman to be in charge to raise the issue.
Russians are behind #WomenLeadership @PutinRF_Eng
We need to figure out how to get this derailed train back on the tracks... There must be a way?
Yes it's called Throw Hillary in jail.
Trumpy and his family are in some deep s*** so you might want to catch up on current affairs
I've been hearing that for 14 months.
Look at all the unsealed indictments.
they are for the trumpys
More power to us women
Mrs.Clinton your my favourite women
Amen sister!
Very thoughtful institute for the future
Hillary, you certainly did not help any with the disgraceful life and personality you lent to the image.
This is awesome 
Being a war criminal does
We love you President @HillaryClinton #Youaremychoice #Hillary2020 #UnitedWeCan #NoTrump
Hillary would have made a wonderful president ! Our country unfortunately wasn’t ready yet
Wishing you well, Madam President.
You’re a racist
I'm sorry to see the haters are still attacking you.  You're a great leader,  and I truly wish you were our president.  
just wait till she goes to jail. She might even be executed.

Agreed, and while I am not from the USA, it becomes clearer every day just how much the Presidency was stolen from you. Perhaps those of us who live in other democracies can see that fact without the prejudice of antagonism some from the US demonstrate.
#CrookedHillary #GaysForTrump
You two guys must be great support for each other.
Love love a strong woman
Why are you not behind bars, yet old ladies are out in jail over a plant?

How in the Hell is being a Woman a barrier to becoming a leader
Maybe American will entirely regret throughout their life cuz they didn’t nominate u
Good morning my love president Mm.Hillary 
Congratulations on your appointment Julia. I wish you every success and Hillary as an Australian I thank you for supporting Julia.
Madam President!
HRC The People’s Choice
Hilary! HILARY!

As I have time, I continue to read your book. And it all falls in line with the headlines and nightmare we are seeing now. I often end up in tears with our loss missing you even more. Thank you Hillary for all that you have done and still do!
You cried? That’s hilarious. Thanks for the chuckle.
That last sentence was shades of the former, sassy Hillary we all know & love!!
#stillwithher
Julia Gillard, who campaigned hard and well, was elected 27th Prime Minister of Australia (2010 to 2013) as Leader of the Australian Labor Party.
Dear @HillaryClinton  ...........go away...............
You should be a guest lecturer there. 'How NOT to blow a rigged election 101'.
Thank you Hillary

*you're smart enough

Pathetic
She certainly is
That meme is pathetic...most are not even folks in government on the Hillary side, at least make it realistic otherwise it's just comical and makes you look like a moron

Will you be old enough to vote by then?
Kek. I'll be old enough to pork your mother.
I’m old enough to not know what kek means, and, my mom is a rotting corpse, so...

Clearly you’re just trying to be horrible, so you must be a troll.   I won’t engage further.
What was your question meant to do? Ask if I'll be 18 in 3 years? Inferring I'm not? So what if I'm not? The Parkland kids think they are old enough to take the rights of citizens away...
Just trying to trigger you.  
Hence my response...
From A women who took millions from Saudi Arabia and pretends to be for women rights. YA RIGHT...... SMH @favorscurry
Absolutely! May be down next weekend... Not confirmed
Please shut up and go away

This is the kind of forward-thinking tweet that I'd like to see more of from you, Ms. Clinton.
Thanks!
Hillary......HILLARY
We want our uranium back
Being a woman IS NOT a barrier to being a leader. Many women have lead nations brilliantly. The big difference between them and you is. Now listen carefully. THEY WEREN'T HOMICIDAL, LYING, CRIMINAL SOCIOPATHS, HELLBENT FOR POWER. Just saying.

The barrier keeping you from becoming president was not because you are a female. It is simply because people just do not like you!
And yet she won the popular vote.
Which means absolutely nothing!
Don't forget to add being a criminal, traitor and a looter.
Oh goodness! I could have written a book!
Would love to know what happens inside the temple on #EpsteinIsland?

Care to share? You could get ahead of the #raw videos #HRCVideo
Worse, definitely going to be worse. Everything they don't want you tho Lok at deeper is a conspiracy theory. #SethRich
I love my new tee shirt! 
I love you & I miss you!
Much loved former pm.
Thank you for continuing to support woman around the globe. I’m With Her!
Great initiative. Empower women!!!!!
How d world would be without people with passion  Good Luck Miss Gillard 
Miss our first female PM. Good luck Julia in your new position. 

Thanks Hillary and good luck Julia Gillard.  I have two daughters, keep being a role model.
Thanks for your leadership. Sad days ahead with someone who is completely unhinged.
Love you, Hillary!!!
Hey Pantsuit Grandma !!
LOOSER !!!
You lost a paid for sure thing!!!!
Your hard feelings are just icing on the cake...
If Hillary Clinton really wanted to break the glass ceiling she would have put her baggage on it.
Hillary Rodham Clinton was your barrier for not becoming the leader of the free world, not being a female. Please stop with the excuses and take responsibility, everyone is tired of your whining.
Being a woman already isn't a barrier.  You're just using it as an excuse bc you couldn't even win the 2016 while cheating. Hahaha
No she’s not hiring, sorry Hillary
You're still here?
Another excuse.


Bahahahaha!!!!
 is that what stopped you?!
You being a woman wasn't a barrier.  You being a terrible person on the other hand....
Why are you still here?
Being a woman isn’t a barrier t leadership. Being Hillary Clinton is. Because you’re a liar and a criminal.
Breaking barriers across all boarders. Women shall rule the world and live in peace one day. Love all you do Hillary 
It’s hard to break a Diamond , @HillaryClinton you are the epitome of strength & resilience. We look up to you. We love you. Please Keep inspiring us! 
Are you begging all these countries your asylum???  Nobody wants you cause you bully and destroy.   Why not ask Russia , Libya, or Haiti  for help?  Haitian people would tear you apart in the streets! Russia won't let you even enter.
You aren't a champion for women, nor a good role model for young girls. You and your husband are crooks and you personally helped intimidate Bill's accusers to be silent about his sexual assaults.
You talk, we walk. 

I think Bill told her to say that!

For the love of Christ, Please just shut your mouth and just go away. Its that easy and everyone will be thankful you went away i bet we could start a go fund you account so you wouldnt even have to psy for it. I wonder where you would go first, I know where you need to go PRISON
Hillary, having a vagina does not hold you back from leadership positions. Is that what you're blaming your loss on now? Your vagina?

Well said.Maybe we will yet have a woman in the white house with the top job.
TRUMP 
Get lost!!
#WomenPower!
Since when was being a woman a barrier to leadership or anything else? If you seek an unearned affirmative action career path, maybe so but today it’s “people” not men & women. You’re living in the 60’s, lady.
The 1860's when it was fashionable to divide a nation?
What a wonderful initiative! I'm sure you'll have much to contribute on the topic of #WomensLeadership  based on your experience.

#StillWithHer now and always!
You're amazing. I love you and you help shape the world to be better for women and children.
Awesome news
I wish the ceiling shattered for you two years ago.  You are a wonderful leader and a perfect example of what all women should be#FEARLESS
Maybe the Aussies will want you to run in their Presidential elections
Quit dragging the narrative around from the 50’s-It’s 2018, women can accomplish anything they choose to! So many ceiling breakers, scholars and heroes prove it throughout history- your scandals held you back-own it..be a woman! Props to supporting each other without bashing men.
I totally agree with you Hillary.
#womensleadership
Dude, I love you so much.
You r awesome
Excellent news!
A good PM treated sigracefully, yet she persists ... she will prove history wrong.
You need to stop telling gullible people that their rights are being taken away. I am a woman from the south. I have worked in the business world, owned a business and have also stayed home and baked cookies with my kids. Stop lying Hillary.
That's great
Will you continue to discourage women by brainwashing them to believe they have been victimized by men?  Victims never win. They become discouraged. 

Victors always win. They believe in themselves and their abilities.  Not their gender. 

No more excuses!
Hi Hillary! Boy, do I miss you!
#WomensRights 
We are so proud of her in Australia, she is our Hillary.
Being a woman has never been a barrier to becoming a leader for decent women.
Oh please go back to the woods. You’re dried up.
Wow, precious Hilary Clinton,hope & pray you sleep late eat desert cherished every precious moments time with families & friends we only human not robots Ok
Julia Gillard funnelled hundreds of millions of Australian taxpayers’ funds into your Foundation. So I’m not surprised that you have warm things to say about her!
Really? Evidence?

Keep up the good work Hillary we love u that dam Trump and them Russian did you wrong but u will over come
LOL....your lies and corruption were your barrier.
I wonder if she can shed some light on how to become a leader if you’re both a woman and a crook?
Yes bitter are we. YOU lost! @HillaryClinton@JuliaGillard a movement in UK? Somehow you can parlay this into $$for yourself. Give a foolish speech. Ask for an appearance fee. Oh hell fund it through foundation and skim your part.

With MILLIONS of BABIES SLAUGHTERED every day,I would say YOU,the DEMS & PPH are #TheBarrierToWomen being leaders. Thanking God He answered our prayers & @realDonaldTrump WON #TheGreatestElection of all time! #DefundPPH #Prolife #AllLivesMatter #CloserNation @thebestcloser
How much AUSTRALIAN tax payer money did she give to the Clinton Foundation again?($30m) How were those funds spent? Oh that’s right, you don’t disclose that sort of information #Anon
Shut up crooked hillary
HRC did a great job of setting the movement back considerably during the 2016 elections. Voters will have no problem voting for any woman who is honest, ethical, smart, and not tied to special interests. Hillary was NONE of those!
Women have always had the power to lead, but many don't recognize it. Don't confuse title, or position with leadership. You are a leader. Never forget that. It doesn't require a vote - just influence.
