
A hero in and out of the service.May he rest in peace.
Be careful how you use your words. Our president was not talking about the people of Ghana, but merely the nation itself, and how it is corrupt. Why can't we simply celebrate the courage of this man and leave politics out of it. Especially when you just twist ones words.
God Bless that mans soul for his courage and dedication to others. I hope Donald Trump suffers from severe 9th degree burns in his burning home before he suffocates from the lack of oxygen and dies.
And then continues to burn in hell. Crispy
You are a smart man, smart enough to know that anecdotal evidence is no evidence at all.
Common Bill, won't you give it up? I am from Southern Cameroon a place where the president kills his own people and have forced many to go on exile and forced many to become refugees. Yes, Cameroon is shithole.
But are the people of Cameroon what makes it a shithole in your opinion? That is what 45 is saying, that the people from these countries are lesser in every way and do have no value to bring to the USA. This is obviously both bigoted and entirely incorrect.
Paul Biya has turned the country into shithole. 45 is right. If you really care watch this video and share to know what is really happening. If Bill cares he should help us. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wDxPtY29R2o …  #FREESouthernCameroons
Have great friends from Ghana, Catholics, who have stayed at our home. Also two God children whose parents immigrated from Africa, legally, and stayed with us. Persecuted by Muslims. Control and vetting is what makes the difference. That is what @POTUS wants.
What on earth are you on about? Did we have a conversation about the Muslim ban that I missed? Also, talking about all of the black people, Muslims and immigrants in your life isn't a good look. See: "my best friends are black!"
In a 55 year multi-racial marriage, wife a legal immigrant. the point is ... the left's focus on differences is the problem. The decline started with Obama, mixed race, whose government. especially Holder and Lynch @TheJusticeDept 's focused on race. G'day.
Hahaha libs are sooooo naive
Do you think this guy is a lib?
Why do you think he came to USA? 
Why did your people come to the USA?
Sorry Mr. NeverTrumper, he allegedly said that these countries were sh*tholes, not the people and FYI places like Haiti currently are and have been, people from there even say it is, I used to value your opinion, sorry you have become misguided @BillKristol
I wish I understood Mr. Kristol's constant drone against President Trump. The alternative was Hillary and she was at the opposite end of what he used to stand for. Apparently he there is something personal against Trump. Maybe he didn't like his comedy performances on SNL.
Trump is the loser here...
Trump is a degenerate, but we all know this!
He wasnt a middle aged white guy Billy??  We are so forgotten. I HATE being white. Wish i was never born to white parents.  They arw pro-life so here I am. Just an avg 45 yr old white guy working hard to support a family.
#parkland Sheriff could use
Don't you think out 350 million people there will always be exceptions?  The one question you liberals fail to answer is "at what cost"?
There is only 1 word to describe this man. HERO. I don’t care what country he was born in, nor do I care what color his skin was or what his religious beliefs were. All I care about is the profound decency, which he possessed, that guided him to put others ahead of himself. HERO!
And 6 years ago you left 4 Americans in Benghazi to die, can you remember their names
Thank you for acknowledging this brave hero.  

You need to go back to doing stand up comedy.  I loved your performance in 'When Harry Met Sally'.
http://crickinfoemation.blogspot.com/2018/03/memoirs-of-international-fast-bowler.html …
@ei_effe
Stop twisting his words.
He asked, very clearly, why we had so many immigrants from shitholes like Africa. Ghana is an African country. Ghana is implied to be a shithole. And why wouldn't Trump want immigrants from shitholes except that they produce subpar immigrants? No twist there
... not sure if bot, or too lazy to read...
Thank you, Bill Kristol! This heroic human being is a wonderful example of the kinds of people that come to our borders! We are great because of our diversity and our multinationalism! The fact that here you can worship how you please if you Please is paramount!God Bless America!
One example. How about the thousands that came here illegally that contribute nothing. They fill our emergency room at the hospital to the point we can't use it anymore. There are good and bad in all races from all countries. We need to control who comes in. It's about balance.
Yeah! We need to get rid of people like you, McLeod! Where did you come from!?
have you been watching mr grumpypants with all the people who endured the terrible attacks? he's the most miserable human being on earth.  Maybe he's thinking about Mueller?
his inlaws were ok and they're already permanent .  how'd he do that so fast? it's like they knew someone
Thank you for remembering a fine brave young man.
As a conservative, Kristol, you know DAMN WELL we let too many #shithole refugees in that cost us a fortune.  You simply remain a #SchiffForBrains NeverTrumper.

She always wanted Trump: Inside Hillary Clinton's secret campaign to elect Donald Trump (as the republican nominee) https://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2016/11/hillary-clinton-2016-donald-trump-214428 …
Fagsfsgshzmdldjxgkdjsjllllldhjjx bayqhxhshbab z dnzhbBabhfhbcbjsjznsmsksjhhjdknZhshvzb do you like my song
GhzifudhhitxhnsgmxvbsfhAgfgahjsxgbzgsizqlzhlxhwpxbwpxqjwblzqblzqbzlvozvzoqpzbqpsjpzpqzqozvq
HIshahwldkiebifjsggshjsjshghqjbsjdksvsgeiheyeueyyrujrrVjsuwudueuushwhehuhgxfvo ijckci
Djhhgevsydbtjekehesienehusbggds}€~€~'rhekqlvfsgkodbdchrfuej
A true national hero
I believe Ghana is one of trump’s “shithole” countries..
He would probably even save That man and his famiky too without hesitation knowing what DJT thinks of his effort..
Kudos and my sweetest thoughts and wishes to everyone who miss him so badly.
He did the ultimate sacrafice without minding his own safety cause heroic people don't
Nobody questions brave people to use this as a counter argument is infantile.
Thanks for sharing Emmanuel’s heroism!
At least he didn't have prior knowledge of an attempted murder and then rejoice in people's deaths.
hi mum I need your attention to my situation pls I need someone that can change my life story
There is always an exception to the rule Have you ever been to Ghana? I was stationed there for 6 months as a member of the Marine Corps Security Guard Detachment assigned to the US Embassy in Accra, Ghana in 1973 and it was not a very nice place to be back then
You & I having the same view of Trump amazes me.  But it also guves me hope that more people will see what's going on in this WH.

Your cheese is getting moldy
Wow!
Yeah he wasn't related to the illegal immigrant that just killed a football player and Uber driver.
Donald Trump is ignorant plus a disgrace to the position he holds.
One down 699,999 to go!
Yesterday an immigrant named @elonmusk successfully launched the fastest rocket ever headed towards mars, landed its boosters safely on their pads upright, & the tallest wall wouldn’t have stopped none of them!
seriously, go away
He was probably a LEGAL immigrant. Think about that.
Are you going to blow him?
USA 1st or leave!!

Bill Kristol is a washed up angry man because his candidate didn’t win. Would burn his party down just for pride. From the majority of conservatives please go away
Awesome.  But that justifies 18M illegal immigrants?
Today a Guatemalan ILLEGAL IMMIGRANT killed a father today. This illegal has been DEPORTED TWICE and still breaks the law by coming back illegally,drives WITHOUT a license ,DRUNK.
45 is a one satan's best dogs
https://twitter.com/moekamerow/status/932666319555592192 …
@BillKristol what’s it like on the other side?
Oh but you forget, the Drumpf only likes heros who don't die. You know, like John McLean in Die Hard and not John McCain, the loser who got captured.

About 150,000 or so Americans born in Ghana
Yes Poor Kate whose death was proven in a court of law to have been accidental but who has been used and abused to support xenophobia and immigrant bashing.
The issue, Bill, is with Illegal Immigrants ... stop with the false narrative.
@ponymule 

When it comes to being wrong, you're the best! 

#Americahaters #gosoakyourheads #whineylittlebitches #derpyderps
Wow Billyboy is still a Dick!
Lots of respect for you
Didn't see or hear Trump  praising this immigrant but l have seen and heard him criticising them  hypocrisy
Prove it.
This is asinine. Trump is a fool, but that doesn't excuse you doubling down.
#stopafringenocide
#stopafringenocide 
#stopafringenocide
#stopafringenocide 
#stopafringenocide
#stopafringenocide 
#stopafringenocide
#stopafringenocide 
#stopafringenocide
#stopafringenocide 
#stopafringenocide
#stopafringenocide 
#stopafringenocide
#stopafringenocide
And then there are people like you that can’t wait to mock a train crash carrying some @GOP members trying to make a funny....while someone lays there dying.
well this guy certainly appears a baiter and Trump hater lol that rhymes
"Apparently" you're a douche.
Why wasn’t this first responder invited to the SOTU by @realDonaldTrump ....
For the most part they do..he just happened to be an exception to the rule
Hey Lookie @BillKristol You're being Retweeted BY YOUR BASE! At least "Throw-The-Woman-Under-The-Bus" Hillary is still in your corner. ps, can you Please tell your BFF #WhatHappened  #ReleaseTheMemo
No comment from you when your own party like Trump or not did not stand for the Military or police commendation.  The world is watching!  Shame on you and Shame to your Party. I vote for whom I want doesn't matter party line, but will never vote Dem in 2020!
Sorry but your statement makes no sense; can't possibly follow it. Try again
You are a frigin idiot all these countries that are shitholes all have SOME good people but they all have criminals in their government that has robbed their country blind!
Israelis Sniping Palestinian Children https://cufpa.wordpress.com/2018/01/05/israelis-sniping-palestinian-children/ … Why?
Pvt. Emmanuel is a hero but that USA lie about our President.
Why do you forget the difference between stole into as opposed to immigrated?
@BillKristol just called Ghana a country with subpar immigrants.
#StopAfrinGenocide
2016 - illegal immigrant guilty of 5 counts 1st degree murder. The point? The topic goes both ways, Don't hold it up as a "I got you" moment
#WeKnow what you did with your PNAC buddies Billy, WE CAN SEE YOU, WE CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING, YOU CANNOT HIDE BEHIND LIES ANYMORE
You are just so pathetic.  Your career demolished to nothing more than a few tweets on Twitter.  That’s what I call Karma.  From the likes of this tweet, I can see you still haven’t learned your lesson.
Ghana is a shithole country. Why do you think Pvt. Mensah escaped from there?
If he is here legal and is working ok.
When Hildebeast retweets you, people know you're a Democrat
Ghana is a blessed nation - embedded with natural resources and exceeding knowledge better than Trump's.
Yeah. It’s a shit hole.
Hey Bill, Trotsky just called, he wants his notes back.

When Hillary quotes Bill Kristol....
Are you from there

#noflyzone4afrin
#noflyzone4afrin
#noflyzone4afrin
#noflyzone4afrin
#noflyzone4afrin
#noflyzone4afrin
#noflyzone4afrin
#noflyzone4afrin
#noflyzone4afrin
#noflyzone4afrin
#noflyzone4afrin
#noflyzone4afrin
#noflyzone4afrin
#noflyzone4afrin
#noflyzone4afrin
#noflyzone4afrin

That is not what he said.
flagrant twistology, and you know it. Trump was not referring to any single individual. u r too smart to pander to the ignorant and gullible anymore. prayers and blessing.
MSM lies.
This is so far removed from what anybody cares about.  We need new voices and faces to represent America.  Time for Hillary and Mr Kristol to retire.
No you are the one generalizing and stereotyping,  The president has asked for "MERIT based immigration."  That means looking at people as individuals, not according to race, which is what you appear to be doing.  #releasethememo
It's called illegals that are here illegally and should not be here. Learn the difference before you make yourself look even dumber.
But, he was legal!!!
Shithole
It is not uncommon for some sheep to survive among the wolves! That is why we have immigration.
One story of a great selfless man does not make up for the thousands of worthless illegals that have violated Americans . If you need evidence to back that up open any American prison gate. #MAAGA
Don't know the person,
Hero!
You’re subpar
you an A hole Bill. A lot are good but a great deal are shitty
You lying pos. He never said a word about immigrants he talked (allegedly) about a few third world countries and he’s right.
Bill, you're a total loser. One can always find exceptions, but overall, uncontrolled immigration from Third-World countries is bad for America. Your behavior is treasonous. Go to Venezuela, and quickly your stupid opinion about Third-World people will change 180 degrees.
No asshat....he was a great man that was born in a shithole....ever been to Bridgeport Ct...American shithole with x-felon mayor to boot....Democratic of course
Did the Trump actually say they "produce" subpar immigrants? That is an act of heroism for sure.... But how does one explain why this incredible Ghanaian man needs to RUN AWAY from other Ghanaians in order to be productive... Does this not mean something to you?
The irony of this coming from a South African resident with a European name 
Bill I am certain most of us deplorable s ( 70 million plus) think your comments about @POTUS are subpar.  Enjoy retirement w/ @HillaryClinton .
Have you been to Ghana?
What an amazing scientific aptitude you have.  Why you could prove almost any thesis with your outlier single sample science methods. Brilliant!
You LIE
Bill: how sad that the intellect I enjoyed from you has languished-Ghana is not a great place to be; those who leave are individuals. Why they leave is not overly difficult to determine. Are all departed Ghanaians going to act just like Mensah or just some? Come on bill-
Right, one out of thousands likely on welfare 
When @HillaryClinton retweets @BillKristol it means Bill has made a permanent residence on the dark side. Sad.
@realDonaldTrump   Would u have done that? Or would u have sat by on your pampas ass and watched burn???? I think we all know the pathetic answer..... What a hero, sadly never mentioned by the WH...and what a disgusting WH it is....
You’re not implying our president @realDonaldTrump wouldn’t make such a sacrifice are you??
Bill this young soldier was an American who migrated to become an American.  leaving his S-hole country to become an American soldier who's allegiance is to the American people.  Save the BS!
Just curious what had ever happened to BK, now I know
Opinion is has progressed to being more irrelevant
Still hoping to stir up attention to himself
He's gone, how goes that make you feel, Bill Kristol?
Do you understand the difference between illegal immigration and legal immigration? I didn't think so. I don't mind people coming here from any shithole as long as they pledge allegiance to our way of life.
Well even once in a while, good things can grow out of sh!t.
What unbelievable bravery from an amazing human being
So there you go. A very special legal immigrant. Billy, you do know the difference between legal and illegal, right? Of course, this good human came here because his COUNTRY is a #shithole. Billy, you do get that distinction, correct?
Dems playbook.  Use a tragedy to advance their agenda.  No soul Bill Kristol
Donald trump is not a politician he’s a guy that wants what’s best for Americans that’s a mark up from the last administration, the Clinton’s are what wrong or Donald wouldn’t be there. Check out Q he will try and explain how close we all came to war
One of thousands here already shameful so many are in jail or leaching off our welfare system without contributing a penny to it!! Americans first~MAGA
Every person in the US, unless they are a Native American, is an immigrant, or the descendent of an immigrant. We are a country of immigrants. This is who we are.
Hey RINO. You're upset because Trump is exposing all!
Trump considers such heroics as misguided. He would not risk his life for any cause  as Cadet Bonespur has proven. And he projects his own depravity to others - all his value is in his bank account. I pity @realDonaldTrump.
He missed one of those bombs you advocated for apparently.
Thank you, Bill.
Tisk, tisk, tisk Billy.....
apparently you never got the memo that other senators etc say Trump never said the words shithole....AND he never named a single country.  However several countries have raised their hands and claimed they were the shitholes he meant.
#tuh!
Two weeks ago a 26-year old soldier raced repeatedly into a burning Bronx apartment building, saving four people before he died in the flames
Post the evidence showing POTUS thinks/said this as I and other conservatives would be most interested.
He came legally which is all that is ask. Don’t break the law to get here.
My mother and grandfather came here illegally from Mexico. It took them ages to get legalized. And by ages, I mean 20 years. Miss me that racist shit.
Dr. Dean Lorich= another Clinton casualty

Never Trumper, you’re insignificant. Shut up!
Has he said anything in his honor??? ...I think I know the answer to that question
You have ruined whatever career you have left. RHINO
Hello Bill, how are you? Don't be shocked when Democrats don't take you either.
He was trained by the US military! Something you know nothing about!!
Something Trump knows nothing about either!
Let's see ... he allegedly called the countries shitholes ... Obama called Libya a shitshow.  Graham called Mexico a hellhole.  No one sent out the alarms for anyone other than Trump which is obviously biased and hypocritical but to be expected from elite lefties.
God Bless the soul of hero Pvt. Emmanuel Mensah. #ShitholePresident #WorstPotusInHistory
THAT WAS @BarackObama
It's likely #PresidentStephenMiller didn't think it was so great, considering the Nazi he is and how he's running the show for @realDonaldTrump now.
remind people of this: there are just laws and unjust laws..enforcing unjust laws is criminal.
May he REST IN PEACE 
Was Ghana part of the s***show obamasoros was referring to?
What is your point? Use immigrants for dangerous rescues?
He said the country is subpar not the citizens .you just keep watching CNN  why do ou think immigrants want to come here their countries are not doing well.  Trump provided eye surgeries for 200 Haitians.  Damn him!
Six years ago, Ambassador Chris Stevens along with others were killed in an attack in Benghazi.  Hillary lied about it & to this date noone has been held to account.  Their blood is on Obama & Hillary's hands.
