2 Corinthians 1:3-4
#Blessed be the #God and #Father of our #LordJesusChrist, the #Father of #mercies and #God of all #comfort, who #comforts us in all our #tribulation, that we may be able to #comfort those who are in any #trouble, with the #comfort with [1/2]
which we ourselves are #comforted by #God. [2/2]
Blessed is the nation whose God is the Lord, The people He has chosen as His own inheritance. (Psalm 33:12)
#GOD bless our #Nation #RedeemerLives  #OneNationUnderGOD
A #Nation under #One #True #GOD  #JesusHeals #OneNationUnderGOD
2 Timothy 3:9
but they will #progress no further, for their #folly will be #manifest to all, as theirs also was.
What an honour indeed. It is better, honour and previllage to be an adopted child of God than being a billionaire son who does not know Jesus.
I wish with all my heart you were my President. I still get teary eyed thinking about it. #ImStillWithHer
Forever
Go back to the woods.
YEAH!  Way to show that dumb woman trying to help disabled kids!!
You totally got her man!  Sweet!
THIS HUMAN COULDA BEEN OUR PRESIDENT!!!!!
A human would've been  nice!
Who killed Seth Rich #CrookedHillary #Killary




So excited for Tom and Anastasia! Hope others will get behind them and this amazing play 
Can’t get “behind” them because @HillaryClinton supports them. She’s a vile evil person. Anything she supports is automatically on my list of “Not only NO, but HELL NO!”.
Sarah, lucky for you they’re perfectly fine without your support. Your class about not supporting a play about disabled people—which is very important in this day and age—is extremely disturbing to see—especially because it’s only for the reasoning of your dislike towards HRC.
You can dislike Hillary Clinton all you’d like—that won’t hurt her, myself or the millions of others who support her, but not supporting a play about disabilities that amazing people worked hard on & is here for such amazing reasons is not okay, it’s upsetting.
Well take your blanket & your pacifier & go to your “safe space” & cry about it. I support a lot of charities that advocate for cancer research, homeless vets, & childhood disabilities & diseases. I am not supporting this one because I don’t trust a word #killary says.
Last time I checked I don’t need a pacifier or blanket. I’m a junior in college who can handle herself, but I appreciate your concern Sarah.  
 
I hope you’re having an amazing day. We’ll agree to disagree here. 

Also: Hillary supports all of those charities you do. 
Well last time I checked college students all over America had 2 have “safe spaces” & comfort  . I also recall u all yelling @ the sky? Sooooo.... u being n college? It means nothing. Mmmk?  let me guess.? Ur next move will be 2 reply 2 me & then “block” me so I can’t respond
You are the evil immature person here Sarah. What difference does it make to you if HRC supports the project? However, it makes a huge difference for people with disabilities. Everything you claim to support are causes HRC has been fighting for. The activists are amazing people.
Thank you, Madam Secretary. 

When I met you in Seattle in Dec, I thanked you for fighting on behalf of the disabled. 

W/out missing a beat, you said, "Of course! And I'll keep fighting." 

Hugely appreciated.

All the best.
Congrats to this amazing play! I helped fund them and attended recently. Beautiful play—I laughed and I cried. 
I block all trolls.
Being a disabled/retired grandfather , I am going to give the new family musical a viewing. 
Our legitimate POTUS .
You still here, Hills?
Go back into the woods.
I'd rather be in the woods. That way I don't have to hear about a porn star playing the President of the United States like a fiddle.
Should we post it on one of her Haiti tweets?
What an incredible gift to the arts! Thank you, Tom and Anastasia!
https://www.theinsidepress.com/from-windmill-to-the-great-white-way/ …
 An FYI on a key Inside Press contribution: We featured @AddyandUno on our May 2018 Mother's Day cover for neighboring Inside Armonk Magazine.The story highlights music composer (and local talent!l)  @BonnieGleicher.  GO ADDY AND UNO!
Such a well-written story - so grateful for your incredible coverage!
Thank you for noticing. I loved that pay so much. I miss you Hillary.  I cried watching it because it’s very personal to me. I support them as much as I can.
what size jumpsuit do you wear... just so they have the right size ready when you arrive at Gitmo
Hillary talking about something positive you attack! Trump talks Doom and Gloom you praise. Weird!
As a person with Asperger’s and LD, I can only emphasize the importance of this play. It portrays such an important  core value of Hillary’s beliefs: An all-inclusive America. #Disability #Onward #StrongerTogether #ItTakesAVillage
.@Corinne4Hillary you inapire us! Please come visit @AddyandUno soon. We miss you!
I will be back. What dates is it playing again?
Awesome! Good job Tom!
LOVE YOU #HillaryClinton, THANK YOU SO MUCH.
Thank you, Secretary Clinton, for still speaking up for disabled people and the disabilities community. Your commitment to us throughout the course of your career means so much.
Yes! I’m beyond thrilled for Tom & Anastasia! Hopefully I’ll be able to see this play in the future!!!  It’s an amazing one, for sure!!
Thank you for your support of people living with disabilities.  you Hillary
thanks hillary for bringing this really worthy project to your platform! #OriginalPower    is on your side wise and kind warrior. the universe  is female.
Love this! Well done @TomDangora & @AnastasiaSomoza!
Great project and great work @TomDangora @AnastasiaSomoza !
Such an amazing play!!!!!
Bravo  I was fortunate to see this play fabulous play A breath of fresh air, funny and fun with a positive and inspirational message for everyone.   
So happy you loved @AddyandUno! Thank you so much for your incredible support 
Bwhahahahahahahahah.  Hillary is a loser in life. She’s done more damage to Dem party than anyone.  Freakin Donald Trump of all people beat her.  Hillary and her delusional base of support need medical treatment.
Voted most admired woman in world 21 x and for very good reason
In US...was first to take on corrupt insurance and big pharma head on..it’s why the GOP called her #1 socialist and have been trying to destroy her since. Note: almost all the Clintons wealth comes from their books.
Dude....you are senile.  Get out and talk to people and get their feedback.  Fact every one person that likes Crooked Hillary, two can’t stand her.  She’s harming Democratic Party more than anyone. People have died because of her.  Wake the f up.
@TomDangora, @BonnieGleicher, me and the rest of our @AddyandUno family are so incredibly grateful for your love and support @HillaryClinton 
Congratulations Tom & Anastasia! What an important accomplishment! How wonderful to have Hillary recognize it!
Thank you for supporting my friend Tom D'Angora and the marvelous work he does with Addy & Uno @AddyandUno. What a wonderful tribute for him.
Passionated and commited people should definitely get every possible support 
This is wonderful, thank you!
#ImWithHer


#dezinformatsiya
Like Rudy said....Lock her up! #LockHerUp
Trump & his cronies only ones under investigation
Look at Hillary trying to pretend that she cares about people. #Benghazi
@myshele2
HRC......I call BULLSHIT!! Care about other people wow she left how many to die in #Benghazi 30+ & only thanks to 6 hero’s they got out....We lost 2 of our rescuers Tyrone Woods & Glen Doherty that horrible night in 2012 along with the ambassador Stevens, Sean Smith Yeah u care
@AddyandUno is FANTASTICAL!
We're so thankful for your tremendous support as we work to inspire the value of differences and kindness across the world!
Happily donated. #StillWithHer
This is so very exciting! Can’t wait to follow along! 
Asking for $$. Typical.
Awesome!
Such a great play ! Top notch entertainment with a message #love trumps hate
Your bunk is ready
Still trying to be relevant Hillary? Hahahahaha!!!! The world laughs at you every day!
if you don't think she is relevant why are you paying any attention to her tweets? Perhaps you need to get a life.
These replies are full of #bots So sick of #Russia and @realDonaldTrump and @SenSanders #GaslightingAmerica  spreading #hate #lies #Division
When will we get our country back?
Soon, very soon. #Qanon
Really you fucking #bot ?!
How about you take some of your Clinton foundation money and put it to use instead of using it as a retirement account.
over 95% of all clinton foundation $ has went to charity. This is a verifiable fact. You can look these things up, you know.
Have you asked the people of Haiti?
Always ASKING FOR MONEY, ain't you, get a job.
She’s got to eat somehow 
That money goes directly to booze
Equal Justice = Hillary going to jail!!!


Hillary Clinton you and Donald Trump can do so much together...

YOU BOTH ARE WINNERS!...

HE AS A BUSINESSMAN

AND YOU AS A WIFE OF A FORMER PRESIDENT AND A POLITICIAN who have done more than any other person continually TO HELP AMERICA BE A BETTER AND SAFER PLACE.

LOVE YOU 
what did she do?
JIM I GOT MANY OF HER SPEECHES ON VIDEO.

SHE HAS DONE SO MUCH TO HELP "WOMEN'S RIGHTS" AND HELP WOMEN AND OTHER COUNTRIES TO STRIVE TO BE ALL THEY CAN.

Don't let the News brainwash you into hating her... SHE'S THE BEST!

ALL PROFESSIONAL WOMEN KNOWS SHE HELPED THEM IN SOME WAY.

Thank you for always supporting those who support you! @TomDangora TomDangora is your most loyal supporter.  He brings value to the world.  That’s what your supporters do.  We make America a better place and, now, work to educate and heal it.

Sounds like a wonderful organization I just hope they don’t let a Clinton near their money.
I know a guy who does impressions of disabled people. Might be worth seeing if he’s available as his current job might be over soon

I much more prefer these tweets over a POTUS trying to justify his hush money to a porn star.
Kabir Is God. 
Visit :- http://www.jagatgururampalji.org 
Are you still around? I thought you were in Gitmo.
 
Hilary should be in Gitmo!
Looks good Hillary why not put it under the Clinton foundation.Since donations are zero now
#TrollAlert @Twitter @TwitterSupport

Yeah...no.  If you're associated in any way with a "charity", I'd rather redirect my support elsewhere.  Call me crazy, but I'd like money for charity to actually go to charity rather than contributing to corrupt cronies and their lavish lifestyles.
You could send it to Trump. I'm guessing his legal fund is going to be under a bit of strain pretty soon.
Nah.  I prefer charities, but thanks for the thought.
I'm pretty sure Trump treats himself like a charity case. Why else would he self-deal out of his foundation?
I'd love to see a musical on how you and the DNC screwed over poor Bernie. Favorite scene would be Donna sneaking you debate questions. Did you ever apologize?
Will do, Madame President!
How embarrassing to be associated with a known Criminal like Hillary Clinton.
With all the money you’ve used from your Charity... don’t you think you could find it yourself?
What's your cut for this tweet @HillaryClinton?
You know she doesn’t do anything for free. Pay to play is her middle name.
Dude you should run for president again
I agree then she can lose again!!!!!
Still hawking for CASH, HILLARY?
You still here?
Love hearing how you saw and loved Addy & Uno! Your words mean so much as we work to help everyone see this show 
Thank you for sharing. Would ♡ having this to show in my graduate courses! 
#FamilyScience #Familylifeeducation
#childrenshumanrights
@ZEROTOTHREE
@RWJF @ncfr @NCFR_FP @NCFR_FH
Why don't you donate some of the money you've laundered through the Clinton Foundation?  I'm sure the Haitians don't need it.
Yeah, you know all about some fundraisers! Take the money and keep the money. You are greedy and a liar. I thank God everyday you are not the president. #MAGA
Mrs Bill Clinton. What do you know about compassion?
Thank you, @HillaryClinton 
Thanks so much for helping Tom and Anastasia! #FamilyValues #WeAreFamily
My funding request is for our family..my 45 year old son fighting stage 3 colon cancer..maybe you could help spread the word.....
Thank You Madam. Our REAL President.

When do we get our uranium back?
another one of your ways to lure children in
How long have you been eating walnuts?


P.S. ANYTHING that you support, indorse, or try to fundraise for is something I will NEVER support. So now @AnastasiaSomoza can thank you for losing a potential cash supporter.
SMDH....
lmao prob not though.
Your right. All those that have information on her will start "suicide" real soon.

Where are your 33k emails?
I’m thinking that you are being investigated
I'm sure it means a lot Mrs. Clinton considering you suffer from mental disabilities.
We have taken an oath to SUPPORT/DEFEND our Constitution. We don’t have to agree with it, nor do we have to like it, but I will SUPPORT/DEFEND it till the end!! 

Your words and endorsements mean nothing, just like your oath. How can u sleep knowing what you have done? 

#Qarmy
Are they so socialists?
I wouldn't spend 1 dime on any cause you claim to be worthy. Benghazi among lies you've told too numerous to mention. @HillaryClinton
They need to do a family musical with alcoholics and serial rapists and you(lying Hillary) and Bill the "bushwhacker" could have the lead roles
Love you HILLARY CLINTON!!  Xoxo 
Hello Hillary I hope you are doing well and I miss you.
You are getting more and more unstable and have a deep mental illness. Get a good doctor and get the help you need and stay away from all of us.  I AM SO HAPPY EACH DAY I WAKE UP THAT HILLARY IS NOT MY PRESIDENT.
Checkout my PDF to Doc/Excel Conversion Fiverr Gig below:
Aw, how nice of you to care. XO
 We were cheated out of a qualified and compassionate leader. 
 #Imstillwithher
And in practice @USEmbassyHaiti
Sure you are...
How many glasses of chardonnay did you consume? How about giving a few thousand dollars you robbed from the @DNC or proffered from Haiti? Better yet from your book sales #WhatHappened Crook. Geez you have nerve!
Remember that Killary?
Hillary, for God’s sake!!!! What are you thinking? CHILL & go to a damned good spa in Switzerland or Bath, UK,
& rehab to get rid of this addiction/obsession with your past. It’s over. Bill looking bad, he should go, too.

Oh @HillaryClinton supports this Great! I Can’t because she is anti-American and Queen of the resistance movement in this country-SHE lost the election-a man would congratulate the winner not HER-poor sport while @realDonaldTrump is making America great right now

Disability & mental illness aren’t criminal or voluntary. Hope people, particularly the hospital staff stop teasing them or joking the diagnostic terms in privacy. It is nauseous and despicable. Genuine empathy applies openly and privately.
@sonny_scroggins
Hillary’s got compassion and empathy? “What difference does it make at this point”?
This should be fun.
#Greate
Somehow you’re making money by supporting this. It’s your only motivation.
More fundraising from the crook. How much are you gonna pocket from them? If you even give any to them. God is coming for you and you're not gonna like his wrath. Murderer.
PEDIVORE
@Sara_Blondiie
Guess theres nothing else for you to promote these days?!?
Hillary get back in the woods. Nobody wants your worthless opinion
Shut up and go away. There is nothing good about you so don’t try.

aww love you hillary
I'm trying to raise money but I need your help click the link and donate
Hell no anything you touch $$$ disappears
This warms my heart!
Does it have a puppet that falls a lot?
@ChrisEvans @MileyCyrus @chrissyteigen @MichelleObama @BarackObama @Lin_Manuel @RealLindaPerry @chelywright @metheridge @stevenfurtick @RedHourBen @ParisJackson @The_SpaceWitch
This is awesome!!!!!
Shouldn't you be in prison?
Or you can give them some your Clinton global initiative money ? Or is that still allotted for funneling money to terrorist organizations ?
I love the way she stays above the fray! No matter WHAT they do or say about her. What a lovely gracious LADY!
Can’t you find a little dignity or is it all gone? Go away and be quiet! Find that small voice inside of you which is God and listen to Him! Maybe you will find redemtion. God forgives and forget we the people are not God!
That's a cute camouflage your putting on Hillary. You don't care for us or them. All you care about is your seat to corruption and your endless excuses that you'll never fucking get there. Heres the real excuse you won't be EVER president. The smarter people know you better.
You just put the clinton curse on them now ffs
Whenever theres money to made ripping off disabled kids at a #fundraiser an exorbitant #CrookedHillary #speakingfee is sure to follow, but lets not forget the private plane ride,high dollar accommodations,and probably a #ClintonFoundation bribe/donation
Bill hates you
Thank you. I wish you told us how horrible these men are. Oh wait you did. Every step of the way from Nixon to here, your voice female and right, was ignored. I hope this fundraising effort is a a success. You are one nasty women!
Great
Miss you mom 
Why don't you just fund it?
Why can't your so called "CHARITY" sponsor this play? Sorry I forgot it's only about collecting money not really helping... My bad!
How about no.
Why don’t you fund it with some of your ill gotten gains? You never stop!
Thank you! I have a disabled daughter and have not heard of it. Excite to keep this funded.
 You Are Worth It! You Make A Difference! Love Truth Blessed  ★ 25 ★  ♫ † 
My favorite toys
'need help fundraising'.... Something wrong with your crooked pockets?
Troll/fool/bot: the entirety of Trump support. As an orange buffoon would say, "SAD!"
So your donating or are you just being a hypocrite?? As I would say "F'tard"
This appears too capitalistic.
This is amazing 
Go fund me REALLY?
Ooh! A musical about disability! Allow me to chip in!
Omg. You actually (or is it your bot?) think we believe that you care about children?! 
When in God's green earth are you going to be charged already?!
Holy Hell!!! You LOST because we hate you and you’re an EVIL, vile, horrible, manipulative, crazy “women”. You kill those who get in your way and who try to “out” you for who you are. GOOOOOOOOO AWAAAYYYY!!!!!!
And while you’re at it, don’t forget my daughter Chelsea’s new starring role in the new animated comedy premiering on Comedy Central, the “Beavis,  Butthead and Chelsea Show”
Hillary, if you really care about this organization, you need to stay as far as a possible away from it.  

Your endorsement only taints it with your criminal past.
hi hillary, i told you they are thugs, you should listen to me. any way,get all the billions from those thugs http://Lol.you  got my account .
don't forget Green Card. Have a nice day.
Unfortunately one at the front looks like trump @realdonaltrump - totally orange with the look in the eyes that there is nothing behind them in the way of brainpower.
He has done what the last 4 Presidents couldn't- so how dumb are they????
I hope it’s really a good cause but unfortunately the first thing that pops into my mind is what is #HC getting out of this #HillaryClinton as well as most of our elected officials are no longer trusted so why should I donate to anything she supports
Didn’t you “help” raise money for Haiti as well?  With your track record, this play won’t make the streets of Times Square.
This endorsement is exactly why I will not donate to this fundraiser.
Good afternoon Mom Clinton
I would not help anything you support!!
Consider retirement please.

Shouldn’t you be in prison?
Couldn't you give them a couple million that disappeared from the Haiti funds?
Good job
Why aren’t you our president 
Because she's the kind of person who went to vacation in the woods when we needed her most.

Just for kicks, here’s who she’s blamed:
Socialists
Comey
Bernie…
Hillary, did they feature you as a disabled person? They should have. You've lost your marbles. Go to your retirement home.

How can you keep asking people for money with a straight face?? 84 million campaign dollars laundered? That takes a real crook and a hell of a cover up team! But please, donate!
Go away.  No one cares what you say.
It a social work and good for human being espasily for such people
You with MUPPETS HILLARY?  SERIOUSLY?  USE COLOR SAFE BLEACH ON ALL OF THOSE CUTE MUPPETS NOW!
are you kidding? you'll probably steal all the funds and put them in your "clinton foundation" wouldn't put it past you @HillaryClinton
I love you. Don’t always agree w u but I love you.
Quit! Go home!
Loosing is not the new winning!
The people have spoken!
Done!
I’m sure you did this out of the goodness of your heart *rolls eyes*
#LockHerUp  #CrookedHillary

This would reach deep into the hearts of many to find out the truth about people with those issues and what it means to interact with others on the same path. Thanks so much. Maybe @GenRescue should look into this a little bit more. Same with my Homegirl, @JennyMcCarthy.
America lost a well prepared politician with a heart  #WhatHappened #FutureIsFemale #Onward
Thanks ji very nice Luke ji
クリントン女史
