Speaking of paid leave..... how much would one have to pay for you to leave........ for GOOD?  #MAGA
Do you get paid leave if you kill your own child, I mean get an abortion? I guess you do, I saw a welfare recipient riding in a caddy smoking a blunt, she sure didn't look like she needed anymore gubment assistance. If she has unprotected sex we should all pay the price, right???
Was that the bill he signed while Monica was gobbling his knob?
It will take another 25 years to fix what Trump has ruined in just one year.
She's like the zit on your back that you can't get at.  Annoying and won't go away.
Hopefully they take all your devices away in Prison. I say just put you and Bill on an island to live out your days. That would be double torture for ole Slick Willy.
Bill was doing a lot of things 25 years ago.
"Suicide"

Wait, you're mentioning @BillClinton in the same tweet as family friendly workplace? Wow
#shesNOTMYpresident
I’m using it today thks


@HillaryClinton @BillClinton Thank you for the genius FMLA that allowed me time off work to care for my mother as she died of brain cancer.
Can we fund that with reparations from your crimes?
Money doesn't grow on trees. If you want to help others, open your purse, Granny. Enough raping the taxpayers.
You are a joke, go away.
Nice but this in EU is not a benefit but a BASIC RIGHT.....
Who's paying? Money don't fall from the sky unless you're a crooked Clinton.
You keep asking what happened.... I know no one wants to tell you, so I will. YOU happened. You and only you are responsible. Time you face it. #obamagate #fisagate #MAGA
Don't say that to loud, you know who will see it and will try to reverse it.
The trump administration is working on it
So many of us around the world are hoping & praying justice comes to you, and all of yours.
Hangings would be suffice & just.

Many thanks for FMLA. It provided me with time off from teaching to be my parents' caregiver on an "as necessary" basis. Incredible piece of legislation. Many thanks to Bill.
FMLA saved my job when I had to have numerous spinal surgeries. So thankful it was there as a safety net #FMLA25
Oh go away....
Thank you for all your hard work for families and children. History will smile on you.
Name one thing these grifters have done for anyone..
25 years ago, you and Bill Clinton “triangulated” the Democrats into the party into Republican Lite and set us on the path to the devastating mess we are in now!  Pleas GO AWAY!!! You were a pathetic candidate running a dreadful campaign that DELIVERED TRUMP!!!
@MsVivicaFox @BillClinton ..
what America need is for you to be gone
It was a success! I admire you and your husband. Under President Clinton, the economy soared! Give credit where credit is due. It's a terrible shame what many remember him for which Trump flaunts, except by force, non-consensual. I voted for you & believe each vote should count!
Well, you shouldn't have pissed off #Putin and inadvertently briought stupid back to power. #bringingstupidback
#CrookedHillary
You’re not President the only thing you have to do is go away
Go away! Do you really think people cannot see how transparent you are.  You have no pride or respect for yourself. How can you impower women?? You should have been an example and kicked your husband to the curb!!!
Was that the day #RapistBill had a guest under his desk & the curtains drawn? #LockHerUp #ClintonCartel
Yeah .hitler would be proud of youband your husbands success
Hillary, the people want to know, did you run for president so that you could pay back the people who gave you money ? did you smash the BlackBerry phones with a hammer? as a former prosecutor, have you ever got a conviction on anyone for selling weapons to  Mexican gang members?
Did he celebrate by raping an intern?
@HillaryClinton  your corrupted, murderous, power inflicted ways are coming to an end!    The Patriots of this great labs are about to take you, the Roth’s, Soro’s, and every other contributor to #deepstate #pedophilia
What book did you read????
YOUR A$$ IS GOING TO PRISON!
Finish the job! I think poor Monica already did that. #HerToo
You go back in the woods no one cares what you think. You were working to ruin our country. Thankful for our President.
Go to jail already!
Are you still hear?
Why did you pay for a fake Dossier on your opponent? (President Trump)-Same reason you cheated Bernie out of the nominee? You knew you couldn't win an honest campaign! You are corrupt and belong in prison! #HillaryForPrison
No. Just go away you lost.
Im really happy that its stood the test of time... but not so loud please... #45 has the anti-midas touch and tends to turn anything good to utter shit.
Anything you and Bill cooked up should be immediately rejected out of hand.
25 years ago, @BillClinton passed NAFTA, supported Welfare to Work, deregulated Wall St, bombed Somalia, increased arms sales to foreign terriorits, and refused to pardon Leonard Peltier. I guess the apple doesn’t fall far from the tree #McResistance
Thankful!Hospitalized since Dec. 20- complications from surgery. My nursing job will be there when I return.
I hope your looking forward to going to jail, as its where you belong
Yall stay close to the house-JEff may have something for you to do :-)
Not really. If @BillClinton had promised “eventually it will be paid leave,” it never would have passed.
Create more equitable relief for Haiti please.
Hmm, anyone else find it funny that the FBI is not screaming about the Dems memo,, supposedly these memo's Rep, Dem is classified so where is the FBI on this Dems memo? Simple fact. I think the  has become a 
25 years ago he was getting sucked off in the white house. #Scandalous

Why don't you donate some of your millions to do this so us little people can keep our money
Regardless to your opinion Bill Clinton did a lot for our country.  Last time the budget was balanced was when Bill was in office.
Hey Crooked Hillary the people retired you , they don’t want you GO AWAY!

Hillary never said that. It’s a fake quote. Meme’s are not facts. See, here’s the same fake trump quote.
Is this the same president who signed the unconstitutional Defense of Marriage Act? Yep! The Clintons are such hypocrites!
Thank you
@MonicaLewinsky put this slime ball in her place the first time around. #sloppysecondshillary #youreaspinster
#isbillstillsexting? #hillaryforprison
Why don’t you just get lost
Why Paid Maternity/Paternity leave is SO important: #FMLA25
You conspired to cheat your way to your party's nomination, and to the presidency. You covered for your husband's indiscretions out of sheer desire for power. Dead bodies trail behind everything you've ever done.

It's going go hard for you on your deathbed, Hillary.
The uranium one deal by filthy hillary and the billions of cash in 3 different currencys from filthy obama will guarentee that Iran will have a nuclear weapons soon.  Both of these traitors have committed treason against America
Is it a success because it makes you money?....
Good one iron lady, regards to Chelsea.
You left out who Bill was screwing then.
Anybody and Everybody but you Hillary
LOCK HER UP!!!!!!!!!
#KeepGoing

23 years ago you got cheated on in the oval office
You are sooooo generous with other people’s money.
I've never seen you in Orange. I can't wait till you can model prison Orange foe us.  It will be your best pant suit yet.
https://www.facebook.com/darryl.hinchcliff.5/posts/551383225242382 …
Hello lady President. I am still hurting.
He was also getting blow jobs!
How long ago was it when Bill used Monica as a cigar holder ?
FACTS are sticky things. 

Clinton Foundation: 

trump Foundation: Under State & Federal Investigation
We have found your lost emails Mrs Clinton, I will inform Vlad of the plan to destroy America
I hope you are working in the Federal Prison System Laundry Service soon.
25 years ago Bill was diddling Monica wasn’t he?
U should stand up for the women your husband sexually abused and harassed during his tenure as a "public servant." These women deserve justice for his crimes. You do nothing good for women who have been bullied by men in power positions. #Shameful

Go away!
Never happen on tRumps watch
Bribes, murders, Clinton Foundation taking money from Muslim countries known for their horrendous treatment of women, Benghazi, Chris Stevens, et al., selling “our” uranium to Russia.  Vince Foster is making certain you pay for your crimes! Rot in hell.
Thank you both for fighting for working people.

I know what your thinking..i better tweet something. Anything, i can think up that isnt the elephant in the room. That way, i dont look worried, or give any indication that right in front of the entire country, its being proven for all to see, what a corrupt, treasonous, hag i am
I know in the 1990's I was able to use FMLA when I was ill and am glad it still helps so many people.
You’ve been paid, now leave.
Hey Hillary you better get your lawyer's ready. Your insiders you paid off are getting caught. I'LL bet this goes all the way back to your pay for play that you and your buddy Obama had. HERE WE COME. YOU'RE CAUGHT.

He also signed the Adoption and Safe Families Act which helps States traffick children for federal funds. Cant wait to see you in shackles and in prison.
respuesta guapa
Like the Oval Office was back in Bill’s day:
How in the hell do you sleep at night.
A cuppla "mill" makes a good piller
25 yrs ago?! Hahahaha! Let’s get to 2018, & see all the good that’s happened in just this last year! Thank you @realDonaldTrump
What good has happened?



I have been fortunate to have had fmla, and stand by it. But  if you are entitled to fmla already, I've been told you can't get paid leave. Something has to merge.
And also PTO and tax deduction for organ donors like me...while we’re at it. 
So no one is thankful for fmla??? Really?? You’ve been sick or fam member sick and had to use it and nothing?? I bet everyone bashing her the main ones that use fmla 
Small businesses will close
Paid leave independent of Social Security
25 years ago,  Bill was still raping women with Harvey and Jeff.
WHILE YOUR HUSBAND WAS UNDER THE SKIRTS OF ALL THOSE WOMEN IN THE WHITE HOUSE? AMAZING HE ACTUALLY ACCOMPLISHED SOMETHING BESIDE PLAYING WITH A CIGAR....

Nice Cartoon, reminds me of " Punch " Satire.
Thank God she lost....
Clinton legacy lives on,thank you Hillary,I'm truly sorry you are not our PRESIDENT.
As my grandpa used to say "Even a blind hog finds an acorn occasionally "
my grandma said some people can start a fight in an empty room. When did we become so hateful, cruel, mean. So hurtful. I'm out
If only we had a competent POTUS instead of the Donald..
You really need to take a good look at yourself and focus on that=

BOOM, BOOM, BOOM!!! https://twitter.com/true_pundit/status/960747403279241217 …
And this is to hillary and Bill
Why didn’t your pal @BarackObama finish it in his 8 years?  To busy spying and corrupting the FBI?
Because he had to stabilize a country in a recession and clean up the usual shit repubs are skilled at leaving behind.

With all do respect , and as a former supporter of your campaign, I hope you will stop making statements, reading out of books , and making excuses for your loss. 
Your loss allowed this country to fall into the hands of this alien. #godhelpus
She announced again today she won't.
Are you still talking to all those little girls...because you know how many little girls have died in the womb because of your policies!!!! #AbortionIsMurder #Feminism #babygirls
Shhhh, the 45th might try to repeal that too ;)
Thanks to NEWT GINGRICH and the AMERICAN contract he  promoted and the REPUBLICAN majority for that short time that got things done that BILL CLINTON had to sign
Your a mess. Soon you will be in jail
Ivanka Trump did a good job getting it done.
We also need a NEW PRESIDENT BADLY!!!!! TRUMP sucks at his job, it should've been your job... # I VOTED FOR HILLARY
#LockHerUp

Aren't you retired?
How min ago was it that Ol Bill had Monica on his Desk? Asking for a friend
What's that got to do with people keeping their jobs after serving years in company?
Family friendly work places? Really, like the work place you created for your staff? The staff that was sexually harassed and you did nothing! Gimme a break you deplorable so called self proclaimed woman's advocate.
We need you to fade away
Because of FMLA my husband was able to take time off when our son was born, something his co had not previously allowed. As a young couple we could only afford for him to take one day off.
Damn Skippy Madam President!
So will you be wearing an orange jumpsuit in prison or will they make you a special pant suit because you’re Hillary Clinton
Why are you still around!!! Get LOST!! FOR THE LOVE IF GOD SHUT UP AND GO BACK TO THR WOODS!!!
Yea and that way all the children you’ve rapped can get help. Oh sorry that’s a different issue.
Why don't you pay it with the millions you and Bill have stolen form the American people.
Can you tweet from Guantanamo Bay ?
You betta be out here singing your husbands accomplishments still.  #Marriage #TeamWork4Life #Unity #ForBetterAndForWorse #TilDeath
Clear evidence the Clintons colluded with the Russians.  Democrats and Republicans need to move on from the corrupt Clintons.  #LockThemAllUp
IT APPEARS SO. DON;T WORRY ITS A WHITE COLLAR CRIME YOU MAY ONLY GET 20 YEARS IN COUNTY CLUB.
But it still smells like Monica.
25 yrs ago, # billclinton should have been impeached, he almost was.. and should have stepped down as #potus for shoving cigars in interns mouths and receiving #blowjobs in the #ovaloffice! Could you imagine #MSM like @CNN @MSNBC @ABC what they would be saying if #trump did that
As someone who has to administer this policy, while well intentioned, it has way too many grey areas and is easily abused!  Paid leave will be the same if it is more clearly defined!
You’re still not president. I feel better.
Hillary, you're going to Jail.
If you think it has been a success you are completely out of touch. The abuse is rampant. It cost taxpayers and business owners a Fortune!
I’m young enough to remember your stance on immigration 25 years ago was a hell of a lot different than what it is now.
I bet dirty Billy is still sexual abusing women ....
Gitmo for you killary. The most corrupt politician ever in politics.
@HillaryClinton Miss please check out http://www.elshaddaiministries.us ,YESHUA(JESUS CHRIST) IS MY LORD AND SAVIOUR, THE ONE TRUE GOD THE ONLY GOD
Go to bed
I thought you were gonna say something about him getting a blowjob in the oval office and busting a load on a blue dress.
Best of luck
Well...what do you know...@HillaryClinton does have something useful and constructive to say. My only concern is...what pay-to-play scheme is she cooking up now...?
You have enough money to retire a whole city of people. Amazing that you had nothing before you were a politician.
How do you reconcile that with #EqualPay?!? Many people don't have families or a need for this type of leave beyond their sick days & vacations.

Making private insurance for family & medical leave available to people who need it would be more fair.

#MAGA
25 years ago, @billclinton signed the Family and Medical Leave Act, which remains a success all these years later. Now we need paid leave to finish the job and create more equitable & family friendly workplaces. #FMLA25
https://m.facebook.com/notes/president-bill-clinton/the-family-and-medical-leave-act-of-1993-time-to-finish-the-job/10156167517359866/ …
All of those has nothing to do with the FLA. Do not mix things that cannot be assembled please. Move Hillary, you're a great leader!
Who's under the desk now? LOL
The American people gave you permanent leave. Please be grateful and use it.
Quietly, you forgot QUIETLY!!!
Of which, I get to use next month when I have surgery. Thank you.
Think you will be able to tweet in jail???

And people have been committing suicide ever since, huh Killary?
Yes but don't let them fund it out of social security lije Ivanka and Rubio want to do
Just over a year ago, Donald Trump signed the Hillary Leave Act.
That's all ya got.
