I just dropped by to see if you're still tweeting. Judging from the replies... I'd close my Twitter account if I were you. How completely ignorant can one be to ignore all these negative replies?

#LockHerUp 
#Hillary4Prison
How does it feel to be a Russian bot?
How does it feel to come in second place and realize there’s no participation trophy?
You'd have to ask Trump how it feels to come in second. Judging by his Twitter account, it still stings him.
Are you trying to minimize his victory to maximize your feelings :(
I blocked that account as soon as I realized it was a troll. If someone is going to spout obvious falsities we really gotta look at ourselves and say "Why am I debating this person?"

All they do is repeat themselves and lie. Anyone tired of that?

#MAGA
Extremely overwhelmed by their hypocrisy. The insanity and ignorance I see everyday makes me question upcoming generations. It just keeps getting worse, but I’m glad to see PRESIDENT Trump putting an end to political correctness, etc. #maga
You are an anomaly of history. Hopefully you will fade away and become nothing more than a footnote.  You and your opinions are irrelevant.
It’s all about you isn’t it??
Well, it is her Twitter account.
Yes. I I I me me me...
Back under your bridge, troll.
Not a troll and not a chance.
Empower woman? Is that what you did to Bill's rape victims? And what the little girl you tortured on the stand and was heard laughing about later. This empower women lie might be the biggest lie you've told.

let’s go trump :)
Yes, please go Trump. And soon!
Only 7 more years. Buck up, snowflake.
Never forget, when you have enough snowflakes you get an avalanche. The #BlueWaveIsComing
Good luck with that, snowflake 
#BlueTsunami2018 Snowflake seems to be the only word in your vocabulary. I'm surprised you even spelled it correctly.

No thanks. You lost please go away. 25 yeas of you guys was too much.
Thank you @HillaryClinton. It's not as simple as it looks in the lens of history although some would like that to be.
You seem nice.
I am nice to people who have earned my respect, like @realDonaldTrump. 

Lynching is too good for Hillary.
What a horrible thing to say. I loathe the Orange Menace and I would NEVER say something like that.
Something, something, free speech.
Yes. HRC is a cancer; a demon; a psychopath. She must be exposed. Those of you who support her are sadly, no - miserably unaware and I pity you.
She is an angel compared to trump!!
And you’re sadly blind to reality - nothing a little research can’t help however... this is the Information age after all - unless you only watch the MSM. I that case #yourefucked
Just admit you are a fake feminist and have protected female abusers your whole life.
Says a Trump supporter 
Trump as president...ugh
Huh?
I hope you enjoy prison life take me off your mailing list clinton!
All your decisions to rob people. Murder people. Use the position u had to get fake donations is all coming back on you ..Time for Jail
You're a horrible person. Everything you do is determined by focus groups. You have no moral compass.
I’m so grateful!
Is that why you hired him AGAIN to run Correct the Record?  You know? The organization of yours that pays trolls to speak on your behalf since no one would actually do it for free?  Get Ready!!

You took more action than most employers I have heard of.  Kudos to you.  Everyone is a judge until they are in your shoes.
Good story Bro!
Wasn't this also your position on gay marriage, DOMA, And your superpredator comment #anywaythewindblows
Oh what a classy, intelligent world leader we all missed out on.
I wish I could accept that so my heart would stop breaking
Do some research on Clinton Body Bags, you'll be thanking your lucky stars that she lost.
Ma'am please bring a harassment suit against this administration and most especially Donald Trump. He and his minions have lied, slandered and maligned you. It is time they were made to cease & desist.
Right?!?! I’m so sick of... but Hillary...
Honestly, are you not aware of all the investigations involving Hillary that have nothing to do with Trump. Are you not aware of all the info that has come out about her & Bill in the past few months? All the things she said herself?

No one cares...
Go away before you wind up in jail.
Interesting - but the key question is why didn’t you actually help the rust-belt type people?  Government after government - yet no actual change
No wonder you were so shocked when you lost!  You had corrupt FBI Management, an ex-British spy (whom your campaign paid), crooked Obama State Department officials all running interference to pave the way for your presidency. And you still lost!
Thank you for providing thoughtful context and and specifics to advance the conversation. These are complex issues with many facets and looking at it from many angles is part of the inevitably messy process that will move us forward. #TimesUp
2020
A lot of compassion in this statement. Thank you.
So, uh, how about that #SOTU tonight?   So awesome.  Best speech ever.
She should be drunk tweeting by now.

No one cares about your lying mouth. #youandbillarepredators
I care. #StillWithHer
Thank you for everything you have done and continue to do for women
What did she do for the women abused by her husband, William Jefferson Blyth Clinton, except demonize them?
While I’d love to stay up and try to explain the complexities of a marriage relationship to you, I’ll have to pass on the bait, troll. Go tuck in and get a good sleep before you attack a woman on her personal decisions
Any more “profound” thoughts, neckbeard? Feminism=equality of the sexes. Im not googling the definition for you. Next
Your daddy’s a hard core Republican, am I right?
My “daddy” has nothing to do with this and he’s not. So, not sure what that’s all about
Thank you Hillary. #StillWithHer
#WeAreStillWithHillary
Kennedy was great!
Not just politics...she needs to take a walk in her woods and never resurface!
Exactly how I feel about 45 supporters
You libs are so funny!!
Hills- I love u. But that man should have been fired. You messed up. Own it and let’s move on.
She did own it. In her statement.
A simple “I fucked up.” Would have been plenty but I guess no matter what she says she gets shit for it. I still love her.
I disagree. She’s one of the biggest, if not the biggest, women’s rights advocate. Ppl, especially women, especially feminists want to hear more from her. Including some introspection. It’s a great statement. You should read.
I did. I don’t need an explanation. Sometimes less is more.
I guess you’re right by saying it doesn’t matter what she says, she gets criticized for it. I personally wanted to hear more from her.
Trust me. I adore her. One tough cookie . It’s unbelievable how she does it imo-Dealing with the constant hatred aimed at her-She’s amazing. hrc
Thank you so much Hillary. You are a class act and have always been a role model to me. Thank you for reflecting and processing and learning. Being human means we can make mistakes, learn, and grow
Said nobody EVER
No thanks
http://crickinfoemation.blogspot.com/2018/03/memoirs-of-international-fast-bowler.html …
I wrote a facebook post about the murder of Seth Conrad Rich and my account was banned. Tell me again how your campaign was so pathetic you lost because of 5k worth of FB ads?
#DeleteFacebook #DeleteInstagram
 Go to yourFacebook Whew gotta catch my breath....... can’t stop laughing  ok, gotta go 𝗇𝗈𝗐! #GOPStandupandvote 2018
Morning hylary I am Nacib to algeria
Yes, you've ALWAYS supported women like this woman you refused to help. Kinda like you supported Juanita Broaddrick, Kathleen Willey, Paula Jones, Monica Lewinsky, Gennifer Flowers...
#MeToo
Keep lying. It's one of the things you're an expert at because of all of your *cough* experience.
According to Gibson, Maupin Cummings, the judge in the case, kept a list of attorneys who would represent poor clients. Clinton was on that list and helped run a legal aid clinic at the time.
I wonder how many of the replies to Hillary’s tweet are Russian bots?
Yours?

This is ugly and ridiculous. #taketimetoknowher I believe our First Lady needs us. A former two time Senator is being attacked, from without and within! What the hell have we become? People! Foriegn powers are and have been attacking our Secretary of State! For decades! WTF? Help
Very well written Secretary Clinton.  Thanks for sharing. 

None of us make it through life without making mistakes. It's the better person who learns from it.
Agreed!
But, she's no longer a Cabinet Secretary, so she doesn't keep that title when she's no longer doing that job.
#Pedantic, I know, but I'm trying to hold the line on SOME standards in the midst of all of this! 
She keeps that title for life
You are clueless lololol, the idea that Trump is not containing Russia is one of the most asinine things I’ve ever heard, and you can thank our ex Secretary of State for the disaster of diplomacy she left for the new administration in North Korea, her and Bill solved that so well
Ohhhh you combined ad hominem attacks and gay shaming, liberals really are my favorites, ok, I’ll bite, every Russian oligarch is now on notice with the friends of Putin list, i really don’t need to be lectured to about containment of Russia by someone who voted HRC
Remember the reset button H offered after they invaded Georgia, since trump got elected he has armed Ukranian rebel, increased energy production making Russian energy less demanded, bombed Russia’s proxy is Syria, and forced up more NATO spending, an org built to contain Russia
Too little, too late...and this just proves yet again, you've never had a shameless bone in your body.
Catholics should not throw stones....
Don't be a religious bigot.
Don’t be a sexist bigot.. she made a mistake and miscalculation.. I am sure many other politicians, business leaders and academic professionals had made the same type of mistakes too..
Weak comeback man. She prides herself on championing women but has a long history of looking the other way for political purposes whenever it benefits herself. That's not being a sexist bigot, it's just stating the facts. 
No it’s a fair comeback.. Rs,Ds,Inds, and Religious leaders pride themselves the same way.. a mistake was made...taking cheap shots and name calling signals poor character.. a Catholic ethics teacher... right
LMAO...but look at the people agreeing with what I said. It's not a cheap shot to reveal hypocrisy. And now you're bearing false witness..I didn't call her a name, I did call you a religious bigot because your tweet is a broadside smear against all Catholics,see the difference?
You disparage her spirit... you don’t know her spirit.. politicians have been approaching the problem wrong..and now they are correcting it.. she made a wrong decision..and now she owning up to it...
Oh CROOKED Hillary are you watching  Justice with Judge Jeanine she is ripping into you ND I love it!
Go away!!
Thank GOD TRUMP keep this B out of office!


Nobody cares Hillary. Go away. You are a failure in every aspects of life. Thank God for president @realDonaldTrump & his willingness to shed light on the corruption & crimes the elite has been committing because they are entitled to do so. Times up! Be glad if you escape jail!
Lesbians thursdays at hillarys, confirmed by the SS
What do I gain by liking president trump or by hating him? Nothing!  To regard as if you have certain democratic agendas or you're not a nationalist enough if you can't support President Trump is yet another form of witch hunt! It's like playing into the Russian hand or into the
Wow.  When will all the lies end?
Who care about you have to say!
Awful candidate, dishonest self serving. So glad America elected Trump instead of her.

Your not feminist enough love #no racist
The memo is declassified.   Hillary saying they'd hang from nooses was based upon FACTUAL INFORMATION of her criminal acts.



Jaunita Broaddrick disagrees
I can go with this. She screwed up. She says she screwed up, and she says that the victim is ok and felt safe. We are not all born knowing what to do. The important thing is we get up to speed quickly.
Democrats will pay a big price for trying to withhold evidence of corruption.
Yada, yada, yada....
Politics have changed. And if they change tomorrow, or an hours from now, you’ll bend to the wayward winds again. #zeroconviction
Beautifully stated. Thank you, Mrs. Clinton, for all you have given this country and the inspiration that you continue to be.
Why u are not president. You regret, you take responsibily for, um um excuses excuses. A President should have basic common sense. We know you support womanizers. Worst example of feminist. Just words for you. No actions behind ur lies.
Nobody cares.

Are you packed for prison yet?
Time is running out. Almost time to pay the piper for all the shit you pulled. Your final days will be spent in prison.
"...about a decision I made 10 years ago..."
This!! 


Bless it..just go home .
I so appreciate the thought and intelligence you put into making this decision. We do not live in a black and white world and you show true leadership navigating the gray. Much love and best wishes to you, Secretery Clinton. #metoo
Please, stop apologizing. You don't owe anyone anything anymore. The haters will never stop no matter what you do or say. Onward, ma'am. Onward.
Happy Memo Day!

#HillaryForPrison
#GroundhogDay 2018-  Six More Weeks of MEMOS!  #FridayFlashback 2016 #BenGarrison #cartoon #HillaryClinton #HillaryForPrison #MemoDay…
Being pro abortion is a step back for women!  And you have protected your husband and stood by him for years.  If you expect me to take any of your hypocritical BS seriously you're wrong! In fact you are an immoral power hungry disgrace to real woman with no integrity whatsoever
So when do you and your pals think you’ll be charged, tried, convicted, and imprisoned for orchestrating, with Federal elements, political espionage of a Presidental election?  #PoliticalEspionage #FISAMemo #ObstructionofJustice https://www.scribd.com/document/370599791/Secret-Nunes-Memo …
No words for how you tried to rig an election in your favor, tarnishing our FBI who assisted you, besmirching our courts. Ignominy will follow you forever.
Benghazi isn't going away!!!
What happened to Seth Rich?  & all the other people that worked for you.
 tick tock!
Go away already
https://twitter.com/JackCanBuild/status/960290112188899329 … hellp i need votessssssssss
Do you think vegetarianism is good for the environment?
“What difference at this point does it make?”
Did you try to help the women your husband sexually harassed/assaulted? No, you were to busy empowering the Clinton empire and all of its cronies. Just go away already because you continue to stink up the place!!
You "wrote" it? Liar. A team of lawyers and PR flacks wrote it.
Lock her up!!

Are you  in your Depends yet? #MemoDay #CorruptDemocrats #ReleaseTheMemo

https://foia.state.gov/Search/results.aspx?searchText=*&beginDate=&endDate=&publishedBeginDate=&publishedEndDate=&caseNumber= …  < < < emails
Once you understand that liberalism is a mental disorder, alot of these tweets make sense!
We see what you do.  Don't pretend to be a defender of women...or for this United States.  You are the lowest of the low. Corruption to the core.  That is your legacy.
You should go watch bill clintons 1995 imagration speech he sounds just like trump These people dont care about us the flip flop and say what ever they need to get a vote. They turn us against each other so we dont see what really going on. Please what the video 1995 sotu speech
And then guess whats next baby bush and really got elected because of the mexican people from the southwest and die hard republicans. Then when they git pissed of here comes obama. And now we are back to ? They dont care they want votes power and money wake up sheeple please
Times up. Lock her up!
Oh we heard about the issue, we heard all about how you enabled a sexual predator AGAIN.

Whoop de do. No one cares.
Thank you for your well reasoned response...you just do what you firmly believe is the right thing, given the information that you hang
*have*

Collusion??? Are you wearing an orange jumpsuit yet???
Trumptards are such a waste of time!!!
Not really. We won the election so...
Karma is a B***H! Get ready for your S***hole and orange suit. Don’t worry your Nasty Women team will be there with you. @FoxNews @foxandfriends @LifeZette @IngrahamAngle @GregGutfeldShow @TheFive
only because you were called out, otherwise you would have been silent.

fortnite is cresh big
.  But decided to post yesterday?
As usual another lie caught
Q said you tried to make a deal. The answer was NO, for you and your demon spawn with Webster Hubbell. “May your chains rest lightly upon you and, may  posterity forget that ye were our countrymen.” - Samuel Adams
Give it a rest already. Stop trying to pick every big news opportunity to have a famous Hillary document dump
Just stop.. it's over. February 1st,National Freedom day. Q
Better stay drunk you pos, this isnt going to end well for you and your criminal cohorts. Lock her up!! You and Barry rigged everything and you still lost in a landslide. Your supporters point to popular vote, so you colluded with the Russians based on the narrative msm pushing
How's Huma going?  Such a fraud. Offensive.
If the government couldn't keep Monica Lewinsky a secret Then how are they keeping aliens and ufo's one?
HOUSE MEMO STATES DISPUTED DOSSIER WAS KEY TO FBI’S FISA WARRANT TO SURVEIL MEMBERS OF TEAM TRUMP...  You dame well knew and the GOD of Israel will punish you for all the deception and lies!  Mark my words Hillary!  All the unborn children that you allowed to be murdered.
It's a snoozer, but by all means, click the link.
The bias against conservatives who support our President by twitter is out of hand! I am on a 7 days restriction for calling someone a Moron! The person tweeted to me using vulgarties against my and our President! No action was taken against the liberal, Orig handle:ShanonLee01

@HillaryClinton where are our missing girls? 
And why is the 'lady caught trying to steal Haitian girl's' the same person who works for "Amber alert"? 
Might that be a reason we're not alerted of the 60+ thousand Black and Hispanic missing girls?
#Pizzagate ?
Blah blah blah.. did you call the women who were abused, harassed, and raped by your husband… I didn't think so
Bring to soft girly cuffs Jimmy C.Oh that's right he can't he has his own on tomorrow.
And you think this makes it better? I wake up every single day and thank the good lord that you are not our president! And to top it off, you were so unelectable that a man who said “grab em by the pussy” still beat you!!! 
A crime you aided & abetted, a few years ago, to rig an election then remove the elected president if it wasn’t you, is why nobody is ready your pathetic Facebook post...
U wanted to be pres.  Thank God for trump@ Hillary bill most corrupt ppl in the world. Everything u do is wrapped in corruption.

you are so going to jail... time is ticking. do an exit plan. seriously . we still care for you. people are seeing the truth. you've been told , bye
Hillary has no real life. Every bit is fabricated and spun for profit. Jiang Quin spun a narrative of her life to suit the purposes of communism. HRC is a similar blank slate waiting for a story she can weave into the necessary political narrative. Not feminist. This is passive.
I loved it! Fantastic reflection! Well thought out, well written, honest, respectful, and strong American leadership. And why aren't You our President?! I truly enjoyed reading your clean, clear and concise post. Madam President!
Madam President? 
You seem to make a lot of decisions you regret
You’re pathetic
Tell the truth Hillary it pissed you off when Bill cheated on you with Monicka Lewinsky.  I mean she was 3 years old when Bill was 30.  That's pretty sick don't you think?  

We're here for you Hillary, why do you put up with Bill humiliating you over and over and over again?
Liar
Go To Hell Hillary!!

#NastyWoman

#BillRapes 
Where’s your statement today Hillary? Read any stupid books lately? Tick tock
Go AWAY you phony! #MeToo #WomensMarch #GrammyAwards2018
I would write about, and explain why you called black people super predators
Let it go. We have more problems today. Things are changing now. The past can’t be changed. We have Jeff Sessions in a spot that can hurt people of color. So that’s what gives me worry
Because I knew Trump could never watch his mouth. And his conniving ways. I just knew his mouth would ruin it for him. I'm still waiting for the US to wake up.  And really hear what,he is saying. I can't believe there was so much hate in the world.  I wish I could change it.sorry
How can you empower women when you can’t even win and election/ hold any appointed position?
You mean like first lady of Arkansas, FLOTUS , State Senator, and Secretary of State?  Legal outreach positions? Albeit the first lady positions aren't elected , yet let's be slightly realistic.
You call yourself an advocate of women’s rights, yet you protected a sexual harasser. Enough said.
You worked so hard at being one of the boys you forgot what it’s like to be a woman.
Keep struggling one day u will win and be the president of us a u deserve this office
Quit looking for sympathy here,you wont get it. Your decision making has never been on point.

Benghazi 
Private servers
Dossier 
Try and destroying the life of women your husband sexually assaulted or RAPED.

Shall I go on?

MakingAGA
So how many bots have you paid to follow you?
Oh the web  we weave when we try to deceive..Tisk Tisk 
Hillary...
@FoxNews    you are such a liar Hillary. You rehired him a few years ago.  But the big question..Why weren't we misogynists when we voted for Obama over you in the primary you were supposed to win?
#NoThanksIdRather live in Michael Moore's armpit for a decade.
