I can’t believe this tweet isn’t going viral. Do people not really care that Facebook may have systematically charged the Clinton campaign an order of magnitude or two more than it was charging Trump to reach American voters? (Which is not allowed in other mediums by law.) https://twitter.com/parscale/status/967516077956755457 …
Our democracy depends upon it.  We need to take the country back.
Thanks Hillary for all you do.
I’m still with her !
I'll pray for you, I'll pray that one day you will open up and see reality
Our democracy did get it right, because you are not the President. 
Amen!!
By censorship of conservative views and the truth. You evil witch 
And we need to correct the 2016 election.
#InstallHillary

A picture of Trump
Oh OK, here you go.. A picture just for you ...
And, one for you. Enjoy!


#FindWhatBindsUsNow
Why aren't you in jail yet?
If you were president, people would care… The world care… but when an agent of the Kremlin runs the White House… #ImStillWithHer #TrumpColluded
Maybe you should admit to collusion with Russia #RussianCollusion
Bot
Lol I’m not a bot. But thanks 
Are you just stupid then?
How about uranium one deal? How about how she lied about sniper fire!? She stole money from the DNC and ripped Bernie Sanders off. She’s a crook
FAKE NEWS
Lol no... I watched her lie about landing in sniper fire...
We don't have a democracy, it's a constitutional republic!
Thank you for saying this!!
I can't believe people hear democracy and are not appalled. I mean we may have some democracy built into the republic but a  democracy vs a republic are VERY different ideas.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Representative_democracy?wprov=sfti1 …
Here just read for yourself friend, education is your friend. Unless you love ideas beyond yours shoved down your throat.  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Democracy  
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States …
Lol all your links literally prove that the US is a type of democracy. Wow. Sad. 
And you liked your own tweet! Double sad!!! 
I rather like my own tweet then be connected to people like this 
Hillary you were right the whole time regarding the Russia interference. We need our country back now
Sorry, it is in more capable hands now
I would NEVER join a satanic cult.
Hillary is smart? She wanted to be president  & yet cared more about her secrets than nation's secrets.  She is a sneaky fraud
Ikr
More than anyone else, you did this to yourself.
Hillary u are crazy to run again, or u want to be THREE TIME LOSER. AMERICA IS SICK OF CLINTON'S, NEVER ONE OF U HAVE A OFFICE AGAIN.
You should start your own social media platform, Hillary.  You could call it "From the depths of the forest-Book" and run it off a private server in your home.

Debunked.
Common sense. Try it. Stop believing the propaganda.
So go with frigging entertainment only Fox?
Who is talking to you Freddie?  Take a seat.
You pretend like you are completely unaware of the toxicity spewed by pro-hillary PACs that are still in operation at this moment. You should tell them to stop.
Who needs the Russians sewing division amongst us when we have our own more powerful oligarchs who are unencumbered to shell out as many millions as they please to professional domestic trolls like Brock. 
Do you approve of what Brock is doing in your name?
Uhh what in the fuck is wrong with @Sallyalbright and @Shareblue? They are using the photo of Mary Knowlton, a Florida librarian who was shot and killed in a police training exercise, to spam their articles on Twitter. …


Quit trying to run everyone's lives including on social media. Pathetic! Just like ads on TV and commercials on the radio, we are able to make up our own minds about the information presented to us. We don't need government telling us what to think. So f*** off.
Oh let me clarify, "wannabe government" since you actually don't hold an official position anymore. Yet just like your criminal cabal members, you're out there on the public stage acting like you run the show still. Please just go away.
GO AWAY!
People don't care because they know social media platforms will target users they don't agree with politically. Imagine we shut down MSM sites that posted fake news, there wouldn't be a MSM anymore.
So now it’s FB’s fault. Did you ever think that besides NY and CA (the most populous and liberal states) that the majority of the country hates you and know you should be indicted? You lost go, go take more Hikes
I care. It was outrageous to read about this.
So you want to what? Control social media
Don’t worry This Guys Is On the Job . He’ll handle that
So you are going to get social networks to stop throttling conservative views?
Running against Trump was like running against an amalgam of the flawless campaign style of JFK and the personal rectitude of a Gandhi. The slightest weight on the scales doomed an opponent to this juggernaut. Any other Democrat candidate would have lost by far more.
Yes we kicking out more democrats like we did you.
You’re an idiot. The only way she’s going to prison is to visit @realDonaldTrump
Disgrace to the uniform

Hillary is such a sore loser. Am I right?
SHE'S A WINNER BABY!!!!
How can you say that?  Didn't anybody tell you?  She LOST.
Twice!
A good start would be sending sanders to Siberia
Congress needs to regulate Twitter Facebook and Google....NOW!!!
Yes shut down the flow of information so we can go back to when we were ignorant to your lies.
you lost the election. dont be a sore loser the rest of your life! will we see you run again in 2020 as you so choose? YOU WILL LOSE AGAIN!!
 You lost. PLAIN & SIMPLE. Quit looking for excuses. Have some sense of self worth!
I’d say we got it right back in November 2016.
That is rich. You worried about democracy. Are you planning on buying the DNC again or will you go a different route?
I still can’t believe what happened and the unfairness that has been done to you. Above all, America was robbed of an excellent President. I still cry every day. #Onward We need you more than ever.
Jajajajaja waaaaaaa! Jajajajaja!!!
Simple...do not go on FB!  I don't use it anymore... they only care about Dollars and RUBLES.  Boycott FB until they make it right!
Only collusion with Russians was by you and your lawyers and the DNC
Nope, I did my equal part in making sure I could say Hildabeast is NOT my President, THANK GOD!
2020
Lol please no thanks
How much you believe You can do that at this time with President j.Trump????
We are blessed to have you pushing hard...You are a warrior @HillaryClinton 
We have to care about the reliability of our democracy. Our vote has to mean We choose!
Blessed, yeah that is one way to look at it...
Hillary, We love you and thank you for trying to warn America about #traitortrump before the election! But you had to fight against @cnn and @msnbc who still lay supine at #trump’s feet. I stay away from @facebook, they love rubles more that America. And @WeCallBS to @Twitter
I was told Bill Clinton pumped morris's wife in the oval office closet. Dick never forgave and vowed revenge, no matter how many lies he had to tell. Who told me? I'll tells ya in a couple weeks now. Believe me.
ควย
And there is really no margin for error.  We need to get this right.
For the people who are coming here unsure what Hillary Clinton is talking about, let's just review some of the material:
FYI, I was a SWF during the election. I was on FB & twitter through much of it. U tried to sway people as much as anyone. And, FYI, I would have voted for Castro before I would have voted for you, W/O a man telling me. U should have believed the women that outted Bill. Liar.
Hillary, you know very well, FB has pushed your agenda. They’re Globalist, like yourself. Proof? It won’t help you! You’re a very corrupt candidate! Your Democrats came over with us, voting for @realDonaldTrump 
No,it's democrats..Look no further than the Cover of your book...It has the Question and the Answer
You Know what Mrs Hillary that is , true but, social media was how I could help the campaign of yours . You are suppose top be and, in my eyes will always be in the white house . I do not allways believe believe gossip on here .
Snowflake
Your twitter PR Team sent tweets to my hospital with false statements, posing as anonymous patients of mine, with an intent to affect my job and career. Fortunately,I don't have a medical office that they supposedly had such a bad experience in!That's your idea of social media PR
WOW!!! good for you, stand up to that.  @FoxNews @seanhannity @LouDobbs @FCC @AjitPaiFCC @KennedyNation @IngrahamAngle @ShannonBream @JudgeJeanine @JudicialWatch @allidoisowen @true_pundit We all have to stand up to Thugs, Lady! Bravo!  @DanaPerino @michellemalkin @HeyTammyBruce
I was accused of being a 'racist doctor",and I "had no right taking care of Mexican patients", they had horrible experiences in my office, demanded I be removed from the medical staff. Little did they realize that I am an anesthesiologist and do not have an office! -HRC's PR team
....and little did they realize that I am fluent in Spanish, have many Mexican friends, and am the least racist person you could meet. They didn't like how vocal I was about the fact that Clinton has vascular dementia and a seizure d/o.....so next tact....threaten an MD's career!
IMO, TOUGH to them. We don't like how we all have to keep fighting so hard to help Save America and NOT the Third World nation they strive to achieve.  Baloney.  We've all come too far in this.  Time to kick some behind and get past the weasels.  White trash is what I say! LOL!!!
Yeah yeah keep blaming everyone and everything but yourself. YOU SUCK and that’s why you lost. End of story 

We live in a Republic.. a CONSTITUTIONAL Republic, not a Democracy.
Um no it was all years of her corruption Juanita Broderick, Bill raping Juanita Broderick, Monica Lewinsky, Paula Jones, 18 people died that knew them it wasn’t the Russians or Facebook!!
Where's #AgentOrange outrage at GLARING example of pay for play!! More than half a billion  loans to Kushner company #TrumpFamilyCriminalEnterprises
Where are there videos appropriate for public school students to explain how arguing, particularly on social media, can destabilize our country?  Specifically middle school students, ages 10-13?
Oh no what happened now lol
Don't think people need advice from a two time loser telling them how to win.
Reason #581.

Lets talk about how Clintons have people killed that even pose a threat to them. LOCK THEM UP!!
I guess I should watch what I say, cuz I might end up missin, and found found by some ole man fishin!
BTW, NOT SUICIDAL!
Yeah but its perfectly fine by you liberals if Facebook silences Conservative voices. 
Knock off this BS.
Has to be fake news because mark zuckerberg is a democrat!
You should be behind bars at Guantanamo!! Obama should be in the cell across from you!! The Democratic party is nothing but criminals and I'm so grateful to God in Heaven you LOST!!!!!

#TrumpTrain 
#Trump2020 
#MAGA2018 
#LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder 
#PADDEDCELLS4LIBERALS
Hillary you lost because you were just plain pathetic and nobody likes you, get over it. You cheated Bernie you had the government both establishments and you even tried to collude with foreign powers to be Trump... And you still lost, you're just pathetic now
@twitter!!!  What she said! 
Agree!! Keep the crazies out! Vote @GOP and keep #MAGA
Unless you address that walking/standing problem, you will keep stumbling down stairs. Don't go away mad-just go away!!!!!!!!!
Ha we beat you! #WeThePeople will stand against Censorship on the internet. #InternetBillsOfRights


You mean sensor conservatives but let libturds have unfettered access?
*Censor*
If a candidate had requirements he had to meet first before even being a possibility then we wouldn’t be having this conversation right now. Our political leaders are supposed to be straight edged and non corrosive to our democracy with intelligence that is admirable.  No clowns
HRC, you should no longer have a voice in anything... go walk in the woods.
So true @HillaryClinton ! Thank you for continuing to lead and encourage! Your awesomeness inspires me!
We are a Republic! Your plan did not work.
I guess we all have our priorities. I care about how a derailed DOJ allowed you to get away with "we came we saw he died", http://clintonemail.com  (Creation Date: 2009-01-13T20:37:32Z [Did Obama ask for it?]), Uranium One, "pied pipper candidates", ... Is DT protecting you also?
Hillary, you're rhe LAST person we should hear from on the "democratic process".
We got it right last time. You lost. 13 Russians didn’t sway our election. You just lost.
You Mrs Clinton owe us all a huge favor; please spare us the virtue signaling and understand that you miscalculated the mood of the country and LOST!
Dear god, please make her go away....
We the American people got it right, when we voted TRUMP in and you out!
Can you please give #TomPerez & the rest of the Democratic Party my platform ideas? . All I’ve heard are cricket chirps and it’s NO BUENO!
1. Women’s rights
2.  Smart gun laws with universal background checks 
3. End #CitizensUnited 
4. The slow extinction of the middle-class.
Forget Tom Perez. He's worthless. I've called, written and tweeted and all I've heard are crickets.
I agree! I can’t stand him! I was trying to make that point. Guess it fell flat. The @DNC leadership is horrid. My dog could do a better job (and he eats cat ). 
It didn't fall flat. :)
Love your dog! Pit bull? I have two 8 yr old pit mixes. I found them dumped behind a gas station when they were less than six weeks old. They are now eight and have been the BEST dogs I have ever had!,, Left- Rocco, Right- his sister Nola. 
They are so cute.
Thank you so much.He was 8 months old. Sadly he died January 10. I really miss him.I worked undercover for 25 years finding dog fights.
I’m so sorry. He was beautiful. I love blue Pits. When your heart is ready to love another beautiful dog I know the right one will come your way hen you least expect it. 
I named him Blue Duck.
You really should learn to stay on topic
Errrr Republic? We owe it to our Republic to elect constitutional conservatives who take their oaths seriously. And people who won’t stand down when American lives are in danger. #Benghazi #RESIGNScottIsrael
You know where you go, anyway
... Really? Weren't you outed by the Donna Brazile to have been controlling aspects of both broadcast and print media within a time during your failed bid for the Presidency?
...Sooo that kinda shattered the country. The LAST thing we need is your opinion on social media!
We Are not a Democracy we Are a Republic Get it together Duffus
Thanks to social media you will always lose. #CrookedHillary
If our democracy gets it right you will be in Guantanamo Bay
We are a Republic, not a Democracy, & we did get it right. We kept you from the WH.
Who are you going to spy on this time? #ArrestHillary
HRC is the biggest lying GD P O S withc ever put on this earth.
I think it was great. It didn’t changed minds, but did energize voters - all sides. Crooked behind the scenes vote tampering by illegals had more, real impact. Just glad you lost.
#MillionDollarTrolls  
Be Nice To Hillary Clinton Online – Or Else!
"Be nice to Hillary Clinton online – or risk a confrontation with her super PAC"
You lost. Twice. For a very good reason.
So now you want to place restrictions on our Freedom of Speech. #DemExit_Forever, #NoIncumbents_InThePrimaries, #SendAMessage
Fact check=FALSE -Facebook wants the advertisements on its platform to be engaging. So it charges less for advertisements that get people to click, like, and share. And Trump's ads were more engaging than Hillary's. So, ultimately, Trump appears to have paid less for ads.
We already got it right back in November, Hillary.
You're still alive?
You owe it to our democracy to retire and enjoy your millions of dollars you “earned” from public service.
#Berniewouldhavewon

I sit here and shake my head. This from the woman who’s made a mockery of democracy!

What actually happened wasn’t about add $ at all. It was about an honest person in your campaign who was fed up with your lies and cheating. They leaked your emails and exposed you. Now we #maga
I can’t believe this tweet isn’t going viral. Do people not really care that Facebook may have systematically charged the Clinton campaign an order of magnitude or two more than it was charging Trump to reach American voters? (Which is not allowed in other mediums by law.) …
Hillary Clinton’s theory that her campaign paid higher prices for Ads on FACEBOOK than Trump, was swiftly debunked.

In reality, Hillary should be most upset about her campaign spending $12 million on the Phony Fusion GPS Dossier !

#TheDashRiprock

Dear God when do you finally just admit you lost because of yourself. Not Russia, not married white women, not Facebook. Just you. We wanted Trump and we got him
I am not a bot. #NeverHillary 25 year member!
Google, YouTube, FaceBook & Twitter are censoring Conservative voices. Blatant left-wing bias of social media needs to be addressed urgently, perhaps by switching platforms to Vimeo, Gab & other non-totalitarian products. Regardless, Hillary lost because she was a bad candidate.
How about when HillTrolls posted pornography on Bernie Groups then reported the groups? Or your Correct the Record trolls attacking Bernie and his supporters?
Where was your concern during the Primary?!
Yeah right @HillaryClinton !  You’re not lying ur way out of this.

First, this Isn't a democracy, it is a REPUBLIC. But, if you knew that, you would have campaigned in Wisconsin. 
Second, if it weren't for social media, the truth would not have gotten out - or is that what you are worried about?
#Benghazi
#UraniumOne
#Haiti
#ChildTrafficking

You mean you hate the idea that common citizens can voice their opinion on social media that is contrary to your corporate narrative?  You spent 1.2 billion to do the same thing. Why should our voices be silenced over yours?
So I'm sure u totally support @TulsiGabbard's bill that would allocate emergency funds for paper ballots or at least a verifiable paper trail for every vote...right???

*Crickets*

Thought so.
Look carefully at what she’s advocating: addressing social media platforms, the last place whete people might be exposed to factual information outside of the cable/TV propaganda outlets.

Eliminating Net neutrality will facilitate censorship of any ideas outside of the duopoly.
Ya rigged that too BAHAHAHA
You say you had the popular vote yet DJT has 49.5M followers on this platform to you 22.1M...think maybe you aren't in touch with reality.... there are meds for that!
We know all about your trolls, Hillary

Yep! Let's get it together, keep it together, do this together cuz we're stronger together! #StayWOKEandVOTE

Just what we don’t need.  Conspiracy theorist in the Democratic Party. We need to stick together. If we don’t they win.
Nice defelrction. And time will tell as it did before. You don’t get a say in who you believe should be a Democrat. You realize that right? You have no power here and your opinion based on your feelings is just your own.
Yep I always liked Bernie. Would have voted for him. I would still vote for him if I thought he could win. But sadly if he can’t win then it’s just splitting the votes and letting Republicans win.
That’s true. And I only voted Bernie in the primary.
I did too. I wish he had a better chance and I hope he can still work within the system to get us what we need but Republicans scare the crap out of me. Crazy bastards. I will do anything to vote them all out. And I think that takes us all ganging together.
https://youtu.be/VNJBvhJEUBk 
Is that why you bought and paid for an army of social media trolls?
You and your Marxist crowd are waging war on the Bill of Rights. That’s why you can’t win. Voters chose a vibrant economy and tax reform over Big Brother.
We just despised you. That's all. In a nutshell.
I know right they completly bocked the entire state of Michigan from your view
Who knew a dog could whistle?
Data collection and targeted interference was the primary means of turning the election. Kaspersky was handling 4 hundred million security accounts from Moscow. I am spied upon by camera and microphone + in my living room. We will never have another free election. No one hears.
How many excuses for losing the election are we up to now? I’ve seriously have lost count.
You lost because you're a criminal and a HORRIBLE candidate. Not because of Twitter and FB. There were lots of real Americans also saying negative things about you and Trump online. Your Benghazi response, Whitewater, women bashing was all you. All you, sweetie.
To Kim,
No.
Bob
At it again with your socialist agenda.
You lost because you suck. NO OTHER REASON. Well GOD intervened as well.
The main reason I left Facebook.
FB is not the reason you lost. You are the reason you lost.
Lol loser still crying
All we should care about is when your family leaves this country in cuffs or the better way

Yes, Social Media now plays a part in elections. So do slanted commercials on TV. Voters should be smart enough to decide for themselves regardless of the media used.
Social media outed vicious murdering Killary.its not over.  This goes all the way to OTerrorist!
You lost and the responsibility lays squarely with you. Appears to be everyone's fault except yours. Hiding another bogeyman perhaps? It's all about to come out.Arkansas, the while show.marshmallows at the ready for this movie.Spoiler: Ends badly for you. #QAnon @realDonaldTrump
We The People are why you lost!  We didn’t want a criminal in the white house again!!!!
Really this coming from a thief and a liar 
Go away

@kimmaicutler

Yes the cheating democrats will rig the elections again, wonder how many dead and illegals will be voting this year?
Yes please stay out there you will help us move the country forward and fix the mess created by the last administration.
My vag still hurts too.
They found her in the Woods Eating Dirt and Mumbling
something about Russia.......
You’re one evil b-tch!
You mean you would rather we get our news from the Democrat owned MSM where they buried your corruption and 0bamas scandals.
What about framing US citizens to smear your opponent? Will that happen again, and what should we do about it? Inquiring minds want to know.
I’m still with you HILLARY. I keep hoping there will be a nullification of the election.
You will die before it happens.
Agree

#Breaking: #ILLEGAL VOTERS & THE DEAD COST #TRUMP THE #PopularVOTE.#Hillary #Clinton/#DNC Paid The #Illegals To Vote & Paid For Dead People Voter Registrations/Votes.#WeThePeople Demand  Make #VoterID & #eVerify A Voting Requirement  http://www.ozy.com/politics-and-power/april-1-special-report-how-illegal-voters-cost-trump-the-popular-vote/76580 …
~Control is the dems bottom line~ Even when the odds were stacked against Mr Trump and rigged in favor of HRC, she STILL lost~ Now the crooked dem party wants to control free speech? God forbid~
When people complain about social media I think they are complaining about the messenger. Let's face it Madam Sec, it's not the Russians and it's not the media companies. We did this to ourselves. You helped.
What will happen again? will the DNC put up another loser see thru candidate that knows only 'I'm Entitled" and can't look in the mirror (don't blame you there) to see who lost, who caused, and who is responsible for The Donald rolling over you? Promise?
Why Hillary, are you worried??
Coming from a fraud, fake, lying, tyrannical vile commie schmuck! We care that you are not in jail yet and will continue to pursue the prosecution of you for all your criminal deeds! You will learn that nobody is above the law, by experiencing criminal prosecution.
Explain to everyone how you exploited social media.
Benghazi
Uranium Sale
Private server w/classified info
Destroyed Evidence  Obstructed justice 
Clinton Foundation
DNC corruption 
Attempting to Rig an election.
Then of course the death trail.
Tell what really happened.
lol u salty bc u didnt win
Really you had CNN,MSNBC,ABC  all of Hollyweird and countless musicians and still lost!  Don’t blame Facebook!  As far as Wikileaks I have not heard anybody say anything what they put out was false ever!
More veiled threats. yay
