Today we submitted comments to the @FEC asking them to affirm that candidates can use campaign funds to pay childcare costs arising from tough campaign schedules. Comments to FEC here: http://saos.fec.gov/aodocs/201806C_2.pdf …
You were not elected dear ex candidate
And yet she’s still able to voice her opinions. It’s called Democracy. Now STFU.
The US is a Representative/Constitutional Republic, not a Democracy. Look it up. How is it that the entire Left & LooneyMooney Hillary fans all appear to have skipped jr high Civics class? Because you all parrot each other’s false comments & narratives. Repetition does not = true
“Representative” implies democracy dummy!
You should read more. That is all.
I can imagine you being President!!
Me too, it gives me night nares. It would have been a disaster
Your trolling habit is bad for you.
You can not take the truth, you can not debate, so you result to name calling. Just like on kindergarten. Did you graduate?
Does it make you feel important to troll? 

When you troll, your brain is forging neural pathways between feeling good (however fleetingly) and causing pain to others. 

It's not normal to enjoy inflicting pain. 

You should get help. Start here: https://openpsychometrics.org/tests/SD3/ 
Hillary Clinton is the rightfully elected president of the United States!
FU @HillaryClinton You will be in jail soon you POS !!!
Still waiting for that to happen?
Haha! So funny, the jail thing again.  You all have been saying that for 30 years.
Can we at least admit that the private server was beyond idiotic? That lazy move handed the country over to Donald Trump..
Thankfully nobody listens to you
Haha! You read her twitter 
That’s as far as her words go lol
Other than winning more votes than any white man in history...etc...etc..
Funny, she kept saying her path was to 270, not popular vote.
Ahhh yes the *Popular Vote President* ...that’s what REALLY matters  #EyeRoll #HillDamort
Well it means that millions of more actual humans voted for Hillary instead of Donald...
Humans? Oh.. vs deplorables. Big reason she lost... showed her true colors. Glad that rape-enabling felonious cheating lying hag will never be president.
Genius!
1 John 2:2
And He Himself is the #propitiation for our #sins, and not for ours only but also for the whole #world.
What do your posts have to do with her or anything she said?
It’s a bot. It’s all over Dumb Donald’s Tweets too.
Yeah I know, just figured I'd call them out since I was here early.
So the Democrats can have another loop hole to expose and abuse....no thanks.
EXCELLENT idea!
Wow. How innovative. Lawyers diverting other people's money to subsidize their elitist lifestyle. You should run on that.
How do you feel about all of YOUR, (and everyone's), tax money BEING WASTED on trips to Trumps own resorts where he CHARGES his secret service agents for rooms, food, golf carts, (I'm sure he'd charge them for air they breathe if he could!), and puts that money IN HIS OWN POCKET?
Just like Hillary charges the secret service to guard her house and while we’re at, bought the house next door so she could charge it out when she was elected, which thankfully she was NOT!!  #Demshatefacts
Yeah - about that... completely untrue!
Trumpkin males are triggered by powerful women.
Actual males, something that may be foreign to you, don't use the word triggered.
Ha! Sure there Trumpkin....don’t try to school anyone on anything. Get a brain first. Call me what you want comrade but your threatened by smart people..especially women.
Thank you so much for supporting my request to the FEC! It’s critical that we’re making room for parents at the political table. It’s time to remove the barriers that hold us back. Onward!
Have anyone of you done a tax return. Child care is deductible. 20 to 35% of up to 3k for one 6 k for two persons. It cost to have kids, if you can't afford them don't have them. Having kids and expecting someone else to pay for them is stealing.
People donating campaign funds would be aware that money could be used for childcare. They're not using tax dollars, so how would it affect anyone but those donating?
It's ridiculous its another way for dems to buy more children to sacrifice on the alter of pedophilia. Hillary is being investigated for laundering 84 million through the DNC stop thinking she is working for anyone but herself. She is a criminal with a capital C < classified.
Oh Kianna. Time for meds maybe?
Ill take my meds. If you need to lay off the koolaid.
GOOD ONE KIANA!!!
Good in spirit. Would be abused unless (1) strict FEC oversight, and (2) term limits
It’s amusing how you try to come across as a normal human being when you tweet but we remember ur words to Goldman Sachs and what you do to children.
Children? Did she do to children? Have you heard of what your current president does to women?
Perhaps you're just jealous because as a senior citizen Donald Trump probably gets more ass then you do. Nobody thinks he's monogamous... Trump has been Trump for decades.
Seriously? That's your comeback? Saying that Trump rapes more women than I do? Boys will be boys? Really? WOW!
America need you 
No we don’t.
New way to scam money Killary
Why not Hillary!! You've used campaign funds for everything else. In fact why don't you pay for yourself with the 84 million you laundered??
Go for Senate again if u r not going 
to your elected position (please)
Get involved make change for resisting 
Americans
What elected position?
Wonderful idea!

I think our candidate for NY02 @liuba4congress is fighting for that as well. She needs to unseat @RepPeteKing!
Lol
Lol
I can imagine how different policies would be if hard working moms and dads were involved in making them. Its exactly what were seeing by those moms and dads electing Trump! Things are are going great and people have more money!
WHAT?  That’s right... keep taking children away from their parents... so they can work for you no less.  Stop separating families. They don’t belong on a campaign, they belong with their families.
Hard to do this while on a campaign trail don’t you think ?
Yea. It’s seems like there’s always a reason why parents/husbands/wives are being separated from each other. It’s hard enough w school, school sports, Work, housework, to spend time together. So when they do have time she’s suggesting parents go on the campaign trail?
My friend... I doubt majority of the country is on campaign trail... Come on.. I don’t even agree with half of Clinton’s ideas but she’s offering a solution for all women who would like a shot at politics, it’s hard enough to be a woman... but then in politics ?? Be objective
Even still. If a woman wants to go on a campaign trail she shouldn’t have had children, or wait until their grown. Children need their parents, not more daycare. I was a single mom & I sacrificed a lot in order to spend time w them. Following u dreams isn’t s part of parenting
Following your dreams is part of the American dream, and if a lot of parents weren’t doing so, a lot of children would be very unhappy as we speak, US is about the American dream, a campaign is temporary, not eternal, you’re basically telling me a woman’s place s just home
Next to her children, that’s the mentality of people who were strongly AGAINST women voting rights back then
Ridiculous. I don’t mean strapped to the stove! I had my own business. But I made sure I was home every night for dinner, and bonding time. Weekends too. I was single, I didn’t date that much either, never had a man in the house when they were there. Kids have to come first
Please run in 2020!!!! We already know you won in 2016!!!! Let’s kick Trump out FOR GOOD!!!
Except for the fact that no time in our history have we ever, I mean ever elected a president using the popular vote. So unless you're hitting the crack pipe, she is not and never was the president of the United States no matter how you look at it
@Hillary 2020 is better positioned than any with nearly 66 M citizen friends who quickly galvanized a Resistance Movement in the immediate aftermath of 2016 & continue to solidify & grow to free our Republic from the grip of Russia Oligarchs, DJT & Bernie.
Take a look at the Electoral College map that's how many people hate Hillary Clinton. The reason we have the Electoral College is to give all 50 states a hand in electing the president. Instead of California and New York deciding
Take a look at the Russians that Donald collided with...Cambridge Analytical...the investigation continues ...
What the fuck are you talking about? Seriously? The investigation continues, yes but there is no evidence of Russian collusion.
Hahaha!!!! Then the investigation would be over by now...
They are desperate because in almost 2 years they have nothing and they know unless they come up with something 2018 is going to be an even worse loss then 2016.
It used to be that one parent could support a family.
Then the government spent more and more on BS and taxed that away.
Moving left never helps families.
GO AWAY
Your last days of freedom are coming to an end. Fill up on that whine,  I meant wine 
Ps.  YOU HAVE NO POWER
Lmao how many years have republicans investigated her and how many times has she gone to jail. Zero
She's still under investigation.  The only difference now is, those who swept her crimes under the rug no longer run those agencies.
She literally was under investigation by Comey who was appointed during Bush Admin, and the committees were republican majority. You- are- wrong!
Nothing that I said is wrong.  She is still under investigation.  Fact.  Those who carried out the psuedo investigations into her have been purged.  Also fact.
Keep dreaming
I'm not dreaming.  That's the reality of the situation.
No - legislate against Citizens United. Get dark money out of our campaigns at all levels!!
We know about the Arkansas prison blood scandal.
We know how you looted Haiti like a vandal. 
We know about the kickbacks you got from Boeing, wrist glowing. 
We know you helped out UBS when they was under duress from the IRS. 
And then, upon Bill, they bestowed largess.
Are you sure you want to talk to the FEC about campaign funds?   Im sure they have $84 million reasons to talk with you...
Yes but @TheDemocrats DON'T REALLY Want #WorkingClass Or #Poor #AmericansOPINIONS, Just their #VOTES, If they Did, They Would Have #NO_SUPER_DELEGATES_AT_ALL! JUST THE Choices of  #WeTheAmericanPeople from #Open #UNRIGGED #PRIMARIES &WouldHave amendedOrENDED #TheElectoralCollege!
#BigBucks #Wealthy& #Corporate #Campaign(BRIBERS) #Donors OWN @TheDemocrats Just like #TheRepublicanPartyPoliticians DON'T THEY @HillaryClinton Dont They?
@HillaryClinton #REAL_DEMOCRACY #REPRESENTS #ONLY #WeTheAmericanPeople and Wouldn't Accept #BIG_BUCKS #You Call The Donations, But #WeTheAmericanPeople #CALL_THEM_BRIBES!! DO YOU UNDERSTAND @HillaryClinton No Trust with Our Backs Turned!
You have my vote
Why? Do you now run childcare centers? You know you never do anything unless it benefits you financially!
You violated FEC rules to the tune of 84 million $.
Liuba Grechen Shirley has double the median income of the district. She paid for childcare before the campaign.
Would that be the both the laundered RICO felony crime cash you laundered or just the cash you stole directly? 306!
Money laundering

How is the 84 million dollar campaign investigation going with the FEC?
That's great. #Respect
If Hillary had won, Kim Jong Un would have shaken Hillary down for billions of dollars again.
How about a tax credit for stay-at-home parents?
#lockherup #hillaryforprison soon @HillaryClinton
Like using yours to carry the DNC into further demise by filing a ridiculously frivolous lawsuit they can't win? Like that Hillary? If you chose to use your campaign funds on behalf of children...oh that's right. You DIDN'T. Nebbermind. SHUT UP. HAVE A DRINK.
You still alive?
Yes, brain dead people ask...what?

You had your chance in public office now you're going to have a very good chance getting indicted and convicted

You commenting on campaign funds and FEC is hilarious. You're a money laundering ho & corrupt criminal bitch who doesn't give a shit about anyone but herself.
What's next... Weddings?
Nah they used the money from their non profit for that!
Idk, I know some "working moms"(one in particular:) who are soulless, corrupt and thoroughly dishonest & enriched themselves at the expense of others, while still maintaining an embarrassing sense of entitlement
I know right. She even abandoned her followers election night. As she would if elected. They are a means to an end. Still they follow. Smh.
I voted for you. I’m a loyal Dem. But please retire.
Thank you sir. I this is the most sensible tweet from a Hillary supporter I've seen.
What the hell are you trying to say?
She should retire. He made a good point.
She is...you just want her to not have a voice which is against our 1st amendment.
No. We are all hearing her at every opportunity. Her complaints about rigged elections and her failed support system is nauseating. She's welcome to say anything she wants but, she isn't a viable trumpet for your cause anymore.
She can say what she wants, get over it.
True that. But the suggestion to "retire" didn't come from me. It was one of her supporters. I simply agreed with him. I said nothing derogatory toward Clinton. But hey I can say what I want so get over it.
@HillaryClinton, I took a stroll through comments on the Fox post about your tweet, 10 minutes of my life I will never get back.. whoa! Hate & ignorance are in no danger of extinction.. I think this is a great idea to allow less affluent the opp to run! #StrongerTogether #Resist
Why arnt u guys nice to her I really like her & believe she can do & change a lot 
It’s over, Hillary. Aren’t you under investigation for many crimes including laundering millions of campaign funds for 2016 campaign?  Since when do laws make a difference to you?

You’re not a law maker, you’re a law breaker. It’s over, Hillary.

Enough with your platitudes!
She just cannot shut up, and go away
All we can do is hope she falls down
This from the woman who traveled around the world soliciting money while SOS, are you fucking kidding me, you are a fucking liar & an embarrassment

Why? Do you need more money to launder?
They won't have time. The FEC is doing criminal investigation of your campaign laundering $84 million through PACs/state committees.
You have no more power, you’re now a voiceless citizen... the same type you ignored for years...
Keep this woman far, far away from the children.

You must be looking for another way to extort funds
Teach them how to launder money- you’re an expert
American asset

The coup installed the weakest & most ignorant of Americans. For all the world, and all of history, to mock.

I can imagine America doing what's right regarding the coup. I just can't imagine GOP doing what's right for America.
If you can’t afford children then don’t have them. If you don’t understand that “public service” is a sacrifice then don’t do it   

#PayForYourOwnShitHillary
Also I agree about not having kids if you can't afford them. That's why I am fiercely #ProChoice...because @GOP stops giving a fuck about poor kids the moment they're born.
The only “choice” that those women made was to consent to unprotected sex.  So you can stop the ridiculous GOP slandering. Women can stop hundreds of thousands of unnecessary abortions.
And there it is. Blame the women. Lock this one in amber, folks. We have ourselves a legendary chauvinist....
Yes I’m “legendary “ lol. However, I’m a female. So I know what choice is. 

I “choose” for BOTH partners to be protected during sex. I can “choose “ to not partake in risky sex. I can “choose “ self respect. I “choose “ not to be made into a murderer.
Uh huh. Like Beyonce might say, "ladies is haters, too"
She really does need a remedial English class. 

I do hate ignorance... and weak women that that engage in unprotected sex. 

#BeyonceWho
Mm hmm. You realize "protection" is imperfect, right? You also realize some women cannot afford birth control, right?
You were saying?
If a candidate can't afford childcare, maybe they ought to get a job instead of running for office. Just a thought....
That Democrat mentality where everything should be paid for by someone else. Why isn’t Hillary in jail? I just don’t understand how she walks (stumbles) freely?
Exactly! Why would anyone want someone to run their district, if they can't even properly run their household w/o help. Makes absolutely no sense.
Just another way Hillary can get her greedy paws on more of someone else’s money. She’s a criminal. Lock her up.
Most politicians are it seems. How else do they get so rich while they're in office?
And hanged it shall be!!
@HillaryClinton You Are A Delusional Woman That Only Takes Kids From Their Parents! How ironic that you care about the parents  if I was you I would get on my hands & knees & ask for forgiveness ! #HillaryForPrison #Qanon #TrueLiesQNN

LOSER!!!
Can you imagine Hillary Clinton in jail. For abusing campaign funds. Like I dont know say to pay for FAKE RUSSIAN DOSSIER!!!
Yawn

Maybe the FEC could also visit the issue of using campaign $ to finance fake oppo research, colluding with the FBI to use it and costing this country millions on a witchhunt. How much child care would that have paid for?
So true. I also imagine how much better our country would be off if you were President. #ImWithHer always
Why are you talking? You have no office, no power, nothing to contribute worth listening to, and everyone knows you are a vicious murdering criminal. Your day of reckoning is coming. If you are smart, you'll find a condo in Macedonia and disappear.

I imagine if the FEC allowed funds to be used for child care Clinton would find a way to scam some funds. It's what she does. You should not be allowed anywhere near the FEC.
Excellent!
Beware! We know what you did in Haiti
What if you called for publicly funded elections instead, and make the elections about the issues instead who can raise the most cash? #fightcorruption @RepresentDotUs
Why don't you just set aside a big portion of all the money you've stolen to help pay for the childcare costs of candidates.
Thank goodness this private citizen with no political power or position is calling on the FEC to do something. - said no one ever. #HillaryWho

Unfortunately, political candidates sometimes use donations/funds to illegally rig elections!
Will this be to pay for their illegal immigrant nannies? Asking for a friend.
The FEC is investigating your #hillaryvictoryfund for money laundering. Should be #GeorgeClooney too.  You should also be tried for colluding with Russia to take out a sitting President.  You’re a horrible human being.  Go away.
Check out what we’ve started in #Oregon to get more parents’ voices to the table. @PolitisitUSA reimburses for childcare so parents can join a board, go to community meetings, talk to elected officials and change their communities. Check us out @HillaryClinton! #CivicEngagement
PLEASE stop already!! Just go away ...Go enjoy your grandkids..You LOST for being you!!
Lol

There is something fundamentally wrong with your thought process.
What happened to all that “It takes a village to raise a child” bullshit?
That was then: this is now.
Bad idea.
Altho I don't like the idea. Watch Gop use it the most and abuse it the worst. So they need to STFU.
Why must this be? I paid for childcare out of my own pocket, so should candidates!!! If I'm job hunting, I don't expect anyone else to pay for it as well. Thank God you're not president.
No more ways for you guys to put money in your pockets
Our money BTW
Not sure my donors would be down with this. It’s more important that we support #CommonSense candidates — that’s not automatically conferred by childbirth. I waited until my youngest kids were in jr high to run.

For some reason this deals like a scam. Soon we will hear tha you are using left over campaign funds for Chelsea’s “childcare” Wasn’t paying for the wedding from the foundations money enough?
So, now you want to use campaign funds for babysitting? I'm sure that they'll find them in some different account other than the one intended for. Like the Haiti relief funds you never sent
Seriously, what's next, allowing the use of charitable donations to fund your child's wedding?
You should be more worried bout those videos coming out. You are a traitor to our country and should be punished for all your crimes. You are a disgusting human and don’t deserve even air
#KAG2020
Thanks for keeping me up on what I  must learn more about on political science coursework. As I disagree with this one article. Notwithstanding they are highly known to me as lazier! 
https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2018/05/hillary-clintons-finger-pointing-show-will-cost-the-democrats/559298/ …
Thanks @SenStabenow & @gretchenwhitmer for your help in all ways
Can you imagine how doomed our country would be if more evil Luciferians such as yourself were in office? That's why I'm calling on all freedom loving patriots to continue to call for your immediate indictment, prosecution & imprisonment for crimes against the U.S.A. HRC=Evil
We can all imagine YOUR policies and THAT is why we were never going to let you be president. Life is sweet! #Trump2020 #Maga #DeplorablesWin #Kag
What no more money coming into the Clinton foundation? Taking up babysitting? Geeze anyway you can get money from politics.
Why don't you take that 84 million from campaigns that you stole and donate it to childcare?
@marceelias @FEC Honestly, you lost. Just go away with what little dignity you have left. And take your family with you. 
What about the money the @ClintonFdn stole from Haiti?
O that's what you going to use to cover up all that money from the CLINTON foundation you have in your pocket !!!!!!!!!@@@@@
There wouldn't be many ppl working if you were in charge.
All these people obsessed with Hillary! It’s a mental disorder.
How many REAL jobs have you had?
#CrookedHillary
Your powers are draining. Have you not made your usual sacrifice to Lucifer this week?

U lady need to keep your sticky hands away from our tax payer money as a matter fact u just need to shut up because u sold our country out and u dont care one little bit about the working families! #UrNotforWomen #UlostGetOverit #GoRetireWithAllTheMoneyUhaveStolen
REALLY HILLARY. @ORANGECOUNTY JUST ANNOUNCED THAT IT IS TAKING PARENTS RIGHTS AWAY WHEN IT COMES TO TEACHING GENDER IDENTITY CLASSES. PARENTS MAY NOT OPT THEIR OWN CHILD OUT. GOVERNMENT IS TAKING THE CONTROL OF PARENTAL RIGHTS!!!  KISS MY A** HILL.
What's the angle, Hill? Somehow a percentage of funds used for "child care" gets routed to your bogus foundation or direct deposited into your bank account?  We know how you operate.  You would elbow Mother Theresa in the throat to get to a dollar bill before her.
Not surprising that @HillaryClinton  wants new laws passed to allow political funds to pay for something that has nothing to do with the campaign itself.Does she really care for this issue,or is it another way to launder out money through legit orgs and cover her trail? #Qanon
1. What standing do you have to call on the FEC to do anything? 
2. Clearly just another money grabbing scheme. “Why of course I paid the Clinton Foundation $1.8 million to babysit my child while I campaigned.”
OMG GO AWAY LOSER! #MAGA
I thank God EVERYDAY that you’re not in office!!! You only make calls that fill your wallet! Is the fix in with the FEC too?!?
Thank you.  More people who need to be involved would be able to get involved.
Can you imagine if American Families fell prey to this trap of Government Dependency? Do not allow HRC to push this narrative.

Well if you support it Hillary hector it can’t be good
Hillary hector that’s a new one 
Autocorrect thought that one up . But hey if it sounds good...
Hillz, can u imagine how different this world would be if mums were able 2 stay home to raise their children instead of having to be two income families due to failed economic policies, pushed by your husband and you jail buddy Obama. More discipline and respect for people 4 sure
Another Miss use of Funds ... privileged Dems again
America is SO over you. Go huddle at home before you are sent to GTMO.
Great
Why do you continue to make excuses for women who lack the ability to advance themselves.  This is a ridiculous suggestion.  If a woman can't figure out childcare, how in the world can she make more difficult decisions that impact so many others.  I wouldn't vote for her.
Your time is coming soon.....Ready?
No one cares!!! Go find a hobby!!! You Lost!!! Move On!!!
Yes you’d continue to sell away America and continue to do your evil evil deeds like you were before. But coming soon to a theater near you, you’ll be tried for treason amongst many other things!! And we the people will sentence you to the fullest extent of the law!
Oops!!!  Grammy forgot she lost the election 
Disagree. Pay staff on campaign trail well enough so they can afford child care.


I'm calling on YOU, to buy a goddam electric stair-chair. I can't even with these steps anymore! #juststayinbed
Better get the hot sauce ready lol 
@HillaryClinton you misspelled “trial”.
Can you imagine how much different everyone’s lives would be if your husband wasn’t a serial sexual abuser and you weren’t an alleged murderer? #ClintonMafia
You no longer have a voice! Haven't figured that out yet? #MAGA#DonaldTrumpisPresident#TrumpisyourPresident
That’s BS. THEN WE SHOULD BE ABLE TO DEDUCT MORE CHILD SUPPORT ON OUR TAXES. Just more Benny’s for politicians.
When are you going to give back the money you stole during your campaign?
Why did Chelsea go without a meal while you were gone?
She said this or was she hacked??
She needs campaign funds to be laundered thru daycare centers to buy stuff. So, she’ll soon open a chain of daycare centers run by Indies w/no education & ex MI6 agents authoring dossiers against @GOP. Sounds completely legit. @ChelseaClinton will be CEO at $50mil yearly #Corrupt
You of all people have no business dictating how campaign funds are handled. You’re a crook and I hope you soon are seeing the inside of a prison cell wearing a tight itchy jumpsuit that bunches agonizingly at the crotch for the rest of your sorry existence. #MAGA
Hillary you are not in any elected position. You laundered campaign funds. Is this a joke? You are. Retire #MAGA
Can you imagine how different our policies would be if you made President..... Thank God for the Russians....lolMAGA
#LockThemAllUp
Considering you lost and your input is as meaningless as mine, I’m sure they will drop everything and listen to everything you want done.
Lady you don’t get to call on anyone to do a damn thing in government thank god!

God! That's why SHE'S OUR PRESIDENT. <3 <3
#WrongAgain
#YouArgumentsAreStupid
#HillaryClintonForLIFE <3 <3

Why don't we work on that for our regular moms and dads who need childcare just to have a job and survive? #classsystem
Seriously? How about the gov’t helps hardworking families who can’t afford daycare!
Please just GO AWAY
Madam President, thank you for again proving to be a true visionary.
Maybe you should call on the FEC to allow you to launder 84million through the DNC? Oh wait, you already did.
Lock.Hillary.Up
Why don’t you use some of that Clinton Foundation cash you got lining your sock drawers? #LockHerUpAlready
You mean childcare billed at $500/hr and paid out to illegal alliens at $15/hr so you can launder more campaign funds? 

#CrookedHillary
#VoterFraud 
#ClintonCrimeCartel 
#ClintonEmailServer
#AwanHack
#Traitor #Sedition #ObamaGate 
#LockThemAllUp
#WeThePeople 
#TheGreatAwakening
you would be thinking of ways to steel those funds
Get back in the woods Crooked. Find a place to hide
What's the point of campaigning and primary elections for democrats when the DNC chooses the democrats leader?
Uh, if they are working moms and dads they already have childcare. What’s next? Using campaign funds to pay family members who help?
Give me a break..Lord knows you've had your share of those! Campaign funds should not be used for "personal use", ever. We know you used them with help from #PerkinsCoie. I've been trying to decide if you should go with stripes or orange in #PrisonForHillary
How typical. You still want to decide where the money goes. Ask the people of Haiti if they’re happy with how you handled ALL THAT MONEY. Shame on you!
No, but I CAN imagine how much safer our country would be if you hadn’t sold our Uranium
Ummm, since when did you start caring about the legal limits placed campaign funds?  http://thefederalist.com/2018/04/24/bombshell-fec-records-indicate-hillary-campaign-illegally-laundered-84-million/ … @FDRLST
Hillary, u shoulda hit Webb Hubbell up for child support
I can imagine how different policies would be if politicians  stopped lying and stopped the corrupt deals for self political, wealth and social gain. All round the world you all fail, all have blood on your hands. Red or Blue, USA or UK they all lie, don’t be fooled!
Hey grand Ma what's good ? Honestly I understand that shit you are going through right . Was talkin to Mr Putin last night and he told all was like fuck shit . You gotta kontinue ok . HMU for details grand . I will be away now talkin to the Holy Ghost


Make it easier to money launder.
Do that for working Moms and Dad's across America. 6 weeks of UNPAID pregnancy leave. Thousands of dollars in medical bills due to lousy health coverage. Campaign free on public television and social media. Debate on television. We don't want to pay for your plane tickets.
You always had a nanny. Is that what the 84 million was for baby sit  Chelsea.
Imagine if one working mom didn’t steal millions of dollars from donation to further their family foundation. #lockherup
Can you imagine what our country would be if you didn't kill Eagle Scouts in mena and sell radar absorbent materials to sukhoi and mig through ATC Santa Monica and get our pilots shot down in Serbia? How many people have died to allow this information to seep out. Burn in hell
Go away
Does Chelsea’s wedding count as childcare? Oh wait... that was the Haiti funds you used for that. My bad. Carry on.....
@marceelias @FEC No, but Americans can vividly envision #CrookedHillary collapsing during her sentencing

#LockHerUp
Is it like using Haitian hurricane donations for say someone’s daughters wedding?  Sounds very similar.


and then they will pay their kids $500,000 a year to watch their younger siblings.......

any opportunities for more Hillary abuse here?..... how was Chelsea's wedding written off from the foundation?...... entertaining donors/clients?
go for your walk in the woods...you can hear the voices in your head better there...
Can you imagine if you’d have won? How many out of work Moms & Dads there would be.  Lost even getting debate questions beforehand.  How pitiful are you. Maybe get off Twitter & go buy a blue dress instead of pantsuit. Bill might look at you the way he looks at Monica.
OMG are you STILL imagining anyone CARES what you think?  

@HillaryClinton PLEASE GO AWAY 

Everyday I wake up thankful @realDonaldTrump is @POTUS
How about using the funds for the care of elderly and disabled dependents as well, to meet the goal of covering family responsibilities so a greater range of Americans can run for office? The current proposal unintentionally privileges a particular age and lifestyle demographic.
What about the rest of us?
Nobody cares what you’re calling for
