GO AWAY HILLARY HOW DOES A NICE CELL IN A FEDERAL PENITENTIARY SOUND?
Planned Murderhood is the proper way to for PP. There is nothing parental in PP. But there is plenty of murder going on in PP, and all who support them are complicit in the murder of an infant in the womb of the mother, for sins of the mother or father. Don't get it twisted.
Sickening.
But then, you also idolize Margaret Sanger & Robert Byrd, & "Rules for Radicals" is your personal handbook.
I am speechless as I read the responses to this post. Willfully ignorant people with closed minds feel the need to launch grenades of lies. Why? To what end? Intelligent, capable women frighten the poorly educated Deplorables, that much is clear.
I find it interesting that people will fight against things that can never effect their lives.  For example, heterosexuals protesting gay marriages. This is caused by fear feeding on ignorance, and the irrational belief it can somehow destroy their whole way of life.
It’s made my Blocked list really long.

Advocacy for what??
http://crickinfoemation.blogspot.com/2018/03/memoirs-of-international-fast-bowler.html …
And I and many pro-lifers want to thank you for promoting and supporting the murder of human babies who's only crime was to be conceived by uncaring women who thought only of themselves not another humans' potential greatness
Thank YOU Hillary! For continuing to be an amazing role model to women & girls all over the world!

#ReleaseTheMemo #MAGA #TickTock
Oh my, what a fraud you are.
Thank you both for being such strong positive examples for all women.

The delusion is strong with this one.
That’s not a Delusion my dear. You need to start following  Q......
I'm sorry for the mini stroke you apparently had while typing that. Random capitalization, missing punctuation and random spacing, along with misuse of ellipses are all signs of diminished capacity. See a doctor.

The two of you have killed millions of babies.
And she arises from a jail cell, oh wait that's next week.
How about Burns Strider, the high-level adviser you kept on board despite allegations he sexually harassed a young female staffer? You didn't exactly "advocate" and "stand up" for her when you blocked Strider from being fired for what he did.
And thank you Hillary for continuing to stand up for women and girls!
Ed go back to sleep or get your coloring book honey.
Madame President
not the president bud
True, but she and all the other candidates on the ballot combined to outvote @realDonaldTrump by more than 13 million votes.  

Or, almost 54% of the electorate voted against The Donald.  #FactFriday
Guess what that doesn't matter.
It might explain why The Donald is spectacularly unpopular.
Not as unpopular as your MSM wants their sheep to believe.
Today would be a good day for trump to release his tax returns , then we can see the truth
#TrumpTrain2020 #TrumpDerangementSyndrome #trumptrain #Killary #ImWithHer
God be with the children!
You take them in then, and give them healthcare and a gun? Mm k?
Thank you, Madam President
Women Please and yes she's YOUR president not ours, oh with the tax cut can you please give it to a dreamer who really want to be an American and show you care.
“Reproductive rights” is such a sugar-coated way of saying “killing completely innocent and defenseless babies”. You are truly deplorable.
I'm so sorry. Every time you tweet, America's underbelly comes out with all of this vile and reprehensible responses. With believed lies about abortion and name calling and photoshopped gifs.  Thanks for all you did to make sure me and my sister and grandaughters have a voice.
shame on you for pretending to be a role model for girls.
Did you protect your staff from sexual harrasment? NO!
You should stop drunk tweeting.
She presided over the destruction of 3.5 MILLION lives inside the wombs of their mothers’ .  And you celebrate her?  Thank God you lost.
Not sure what reproductive rights kids sold for body parts is?
Hillary Clinton protected campaign staffer accuses of sex assault but her supporters are silent? #MeToo
Rekt
Like Hillary's shot at becoming president
Woohoho! Yes! Savage. Give me some of that fire! 
You mean like that  beej bill got from mon....ima stop now
You better cuz my brain-piece is finna burst! 


The people of Haiti want their money back
The people of Puerto Rico want their electricity back on.
Tell them to use the supplies that were sent instead of hiding them in a warehouse.
I pray to God you or anyone in your family! Never go through a devastation like my Island went through and is still going through!! Those words are so hateful! Especially when you don’t know the whole story. God bless you.
Women and girls killing their unborn babies is nothing to be proud of. No wonder you lost. #Clueless
I miss you so much
I bet. Most Russian trolls like you lost a lot of revenue after Hillary was crushed in a landslide victory. #ReleaseTheMemo. Just like her foundations/criminal enterprises
Yikes! Time to recalibrate your meds 
#ReleaseTheKompromat
Looks like Hillary there, furthest to the left. Who's that standing up in the back there? Looks like Obama. #ReleaseTheMemo. Do you Russian trolls ever provide facts or just disinformation?
Word around Moscow is y'all got a raise & an office upgrade. Was that before or after y'all found out you s had been hacked by the Dutch? 

 How do you say smile you're on camera in Russian?
#ReleaseTheKompromat
Are you tweeting from prison??  

#DefundPlannedParenthood  #BabyKillers  #DefundPP  #ReleaseTheMemo #LockHerUP
If you truly want to see and and to abortion how about you suggest (and support the legislation of) actual programs to support these children once they're born? Wouldn't that be the Christian thing to do?
#jk #republiccanshelpnoone
Last I checked it is a pretty long wait list to adopt a child.
And any idea what the Foster Care system is like in the meantime? Not that living conditions are important to you, so long as their born...

Also, you claiming you give a damn about the Black community is like me saying Trump's health keeps me up at night
You are speaking to someone who worked in a children’s shelter for five yrs and fostered numerous kids.  Yeah, so how many have you taken in?   This has nothing to do with skin color.  Shame on you!
You're the one who brought up Hillary and the Black community. Also, yeah my family has also fostered kids. The only thing worse than the conditions they come from is that they might have to go back there and that more are born into that situation everyday. Next?
You’re right. Should go ahead and kill them. Problem solved.

Hillary Clinton protected '08 campaign adviser accused of sexual harassment: report -- @brookefoxnews
http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2018/01/26/hillary-clinton-protected-08-campaign-adviser-accused-sexual-harassment-report.html …
You are disgusting.
Sad.


And what’s ole Bill been up to lately ?
Millions of babies killed at her hands is quite a legacy.



You mean the right to kill? Yeah - thats what you mean
Thank you for inspiring women like me. As usual, women will have to clean up a man's mess. #StillWithHer #GrabEmByTheMidterms
#VoteThemOut2018
such a classy tweet
And thank you @hillaryClinton for being a kind compassionate strong woman whose grace and ferocity I admire so much! You won the popular vote and the election was stolen from you/us!
#Bot 
#ReleaseTheKompromat

Baby killers


And how about protectng sexual predators? Oh, that;s right, that was you.

Rotflmao. De Souza is ridiculous and so are you if you believe his bs.

Good
Hillary Clinton surely hates men!!!   Why????
You do know they kill babies, right?  Since when is killing babies "health care"? Certainly not for the babies. Neither of you has a soul IMHO.
#AbortionIsMurder 
#Onward

How about listening to Alveda King, niece of MLK?
#ImWithHer
God bless you Hillary. For good things come to people that work for God.
And thank YOU Secretary Clinton for all you’ve done for women and girls.  And for continuing to speak out in this crazy world of Trump.  #StillWithHer
I am sorry, so what exactly has she done for me and my daughter?
Demonstrating how to lose and complain about the patriarchy?

Beats me, to be truthful.
When people age they should become wiser. This is incorrect with regard to liberals. In your age you are focusing on reproductive rights yet you cannot reproduce any more, I would advise you to focus more on KIngdom of Heaven and how to get there safely.

I think you hate men and boys.Bill made you hate hillary
Hillary everybody knows you just want abortion legal to feed your CERN appetite when you and your buddys perce the vail. And why arent you in jail, all your friends are gonna role on you as fast as bill rolls over when you ask him for sex
Is this what’s being talked about at the satanic temple. Keep those aborted babies coming
Yes. Thank you. No way so many children could have been slaughtered without your leadership. @CecileRichards @PPFA Did the donations come from the baby parts you sold?
You will give an answer one day
Terrible
Hey buddy we have a penis. We don’t get to say anything about what happens with a woman’s vagina. Did you miss that talk in the 6th grade? Seriously!
HiLIARy.
I had to block 72 people before I got to one positive reply. Damn, Twitter is its own swamp. 
I thought Agent Orange drained the swamp.
You thought wrong 
Damn.  Do Faux viewers know this yet?
https://www.arkancide.com/ 
Sociopath
Your a disgusting pig who took money from countries that abuse and oppress women. You are going  straight to jail
The way you have referred to women in the past.......NONE of them should  EVER vote for you!
Bitches, you'll all be going down!
I'll bet more than that randy old Bill was certainly thankful thru the years for her services?
#Bot
Another bot. Melinda (@MelindaThinker) is a bot.
Hillary is the Queen of misinformation. Hillary's definition of reproductive rights is the right to snip the spinal cord from the brain stem of babies in partial birth abortions up until the very day of delivery. Then there is her hero Margaret Sanger, who thinks blacks are WEEDS
Better lookout Hillary.
Who advocates tireless on behalf of these precious souls @HillaryClinton? Why can’t you ever be on the sides of the innocent that doesn’t have a voice @HillaryClinton? Why are you always standing on the wrong side of the unborn?

Hillary..you're thanking her for her advocacy towards women?  How many women did you defame that your husband raped, seduced, took advantage of,  manipulated, and probably still does. You're a hypocrite.  You're  finished. @atensnut
မဂၤလာပါဟီလာရီ
Keep making a fool of your self.... TRUMP 2020
Oh come on
Why don't unborn babies have any rights?  Who can speak for them, since they can't speak for themselves?  "Planned" Parenthood should take place BEFORE conception, NOT after!!!
On behalf of women and girls? Girls' rights begin in the womb. Pro-choicers are enablers of girls only being born if they are attractive, planned and genetically perfect. Sometimes not even then. Pro-choicers are enablers of gendercide.
Hey Hillary why haven't we heard anything from you about the memo? Come on I'm sure you've got something to say what did your attorney tell you to keep quiet
Enough from this Hillary witch. She did nothing when her loser husband preyed on women.
I hope you never stop talking. It helps sink the Democrap ship
Just so I’m clear on this..by “reproductive rights” you mean the right to decide to murder your unborn child??? Murder is murder. Abortion is murder. Fact.
Where in Hillary Clinton thanks for Cecile Richards for keeping the population of the African-American Community down through a eugenics program.
Fantastic
WOW, congratulations to someone who murders babies.
Like you really care .
I'm a woman and she does not speak for nor do you. Go Trump. Deplorable for Trump and against Killery.
You fz%king witch. Go away. You ran for POTUS twice. Lost. Fairly. Go away.

Woow great

#Bot
Can you tweet  from  prison?

just heard the new development on TWNWL, originated from an old ally. I told the TP councillor that today v should focus on the basic foundation, especially in those uncertainties. @NancyPelosi @SenWarren @iingwen @PacificCommand @realDonaldTrump @NGA_GEOINT @TheRSAF @theresa_may
Better get your pin striped suit ready and for a full body search
Murdering babies? Selling fetal tissues?

AND THANK YOU, HILLARY, FOR YOUR HUGE PART IN THE FIGHT 
You had over 30 years to stand up for women but you didn’t. No, you enabled a sexual predator for your own personal gain. Well, we ain’t with you. Your dead to us.
So, which one of you was advocating for Juanita? Or how about that young intern playing hid the cigar with your rapist husband?
Memos coming criminal
Millions murdered and you offer congratulations?  “Their blood cries out from the ground”


Trump
More kids to traffic. Onward to jail for you!
You paid so many people to do evil deeds for your own personal gain. You are NOT a role model. Tell the victims of Haiti, South Africa, bengahzi, and the American people what you have been doing with their  money and memories. #clintoncash #ObamaGate #ObamaSpyRing #FakeDossier
There is no bigger detriment to the women’s cause than Hillary, a woman who pushes garbage and has consistently enabled sexual abusers throughout her career.


How about everyone that was gonna expose you? Weird that they are dead now!! Pay for play
AMEN!!!! I’m a proud volunteer for @PPact! Thank you, @cecilerichards!

All i know
Yes, congratulations to the biggest mass murderer of our generation.
Killary, you are truly a  Disgusting person. Do me a favor and get lost somewhere in the woods !!
@HillaryClinton you allowed your husband to get away with molestation and rape.
You rally to kill babies.
YOU talking about women and reproduction is horrible.
To bad you Hillary can't say the same.
Yes, Margaret Seanger would be proud of all that you’ve done in your attempts to stamp out the “Human Weeds”
Save a tree, kill all the babies you want!  
advance reproductive rights, do you mean killing life in the womb, killing life in case of a botched abortion as they are born alive? How far humanity has fallen to believe its a right to selectively kill human life, to advertise it & promote it.
And " thank you" Hillary for saving sexual predators if your daughter is a victim you will quickly put this problem ahead of politics

you mean like murdering (aborting) mostly the black babies? great friend you got their @HillaryClinton How many know that aborted baby fetal tissue cells are used in vaccines they give their kids.
Remember that staffer, Burns Strider, that you fired for sexually harassing a woman? Oh, that's right - you didn't do that! Because you're not the Champaign of ALL women!
You mean, "women and girls outside the womb"?
You hideous, modern day Mengele.  The blood of millions is on your hands    and for what? Nothing more than empty hedonism.
Millions?

No
Yes.  60,000,000 abortions since Roe v Wade.
How....is she responsible for this?
And thank you for losing the election
All those millions of abortions.  Thanks @CecileRichards and @HillaryClinton .
Loser

Your both baby body parts smuggler
We told you to shut the fuck up! You lost! Resist your hatred. Go to church and find Jesus.
Hilary, you would be president today if you had ever expressed a word of concern for men as you do for women. We want a president who cares about all the people, not just women and children.
@HillaryClinton u a stupid ass white ass hoe.... you be drinking way to much diet woke with several shots of white privilege....
#releasethememo @realDonaldTrump @POTUS #obamagate #wethepeople #secretsociety #FISAgate
Because you’re pro women or something.
None of us are saints but at least you tried to make a difference.
One day you will meet the Creator of all those little lives.   Your wealth and power will be gone and your soul will be laid bare.
Please thank Bill for all he's done for women.
Tick tock.
Levity
Is this your reproductive rights !!! Shame on you !!!


Repent Hilary! Your body count is out of control and GOD knows, you can never hide from him woman.
A message "to all the activist bitches supporting bitches"
Is hillary out of the woods again?
She didn’t advocate for women and girls. She advocated for the death of unborn babies...
How many air miles does one get for brain stem tissue.  Gotta be at least one round trip for every baby killed.  She's going to fly free forever.

#Bot
Please share with your true friends, stop campaigning. Too much has happened... #ImWithHer but please get a cause out of politics - save dogs from puppy mills...#stoppuppymills
People have the right to choose to reproduce, but once the sperm meets the egg you have made that choice. You have LOTS of choices before.
Hillary For Prison
She is a ghastly woman presiding over baby murder.
You and Cecile are evil, black-hearted eugenicists who won't rest until millions more babies of color are killed. Sickening.
The female version of Lex Luthor thanking a baby murderer to the thunderous applause of their witless, drooling voter base. This is the Democratic Party.
Poor ppl should kill their children and save society from having to deal w/the unwanted then we should import illegal aliens to do the jobs that are beneath our unwanted.
Cecile's enabled the murder of so many innocent babies and then enabled the sale of their body parts. Of course you're thanking her for these horrific acts #ToneDeaf #ProLife #PainCapable #StopAbortion
I've often wondered what the word "Planned" in Planned Parenthood meant. Is it planned Pregnancy? Planned Abortion? Because it's definitely not planned prevention.
Oh Hillary you are a brave woman indeed. Disgusting, but brave.
Still  love u you should run again?
PP = satan’s little helpers
Seriously Hillary? If you believed or cared abt us (wm) Bill would have had to face the music n your 2016 campaign male staffer would have been fired
The Most Important Question About Abortion https://youtu.be/AMwkQVpy98A  #PragerFORCE
Thank you Mrs. Clinton for all your service to our country even though you are one of the most bullied women in our country....
Cecile is probably the one person more evil than Hillary. #SaveTheUnborn #EndAbortion #DefundPlannedParenthood.
shame on you both for the slaughter of preborn babies and call it reproductive health. may you listen to that inner voice which is God and change your ways. Hopefully He is not snuffed out bc of you horrible choices.
Praising a murder. I’m not surprised.
You murder for $$. God will deal with all sin and sinners that are unrepentant. Herd his word, there are no do overs.
Thanks for murdering 12 years worth of babies
Wow! Ironic you thank her when #NationalHolocaustDay
#Bot
