ICYMI: President @BillClinton wrote on Facebook this week about our work improving lives in the United States and around the world, from fighting climate change to combating the opioid crisis. More  https://m.facebook.com/notes/president-bill-clinton/the-real-news-about-the-clinton-foundation/10156193888314866/ … 

The only story I want to hear is when and how you end up in jail!
We KNOW the real story . Remind us - how much did your Foundation get from Russia thanks to your political  agreements ?
Hi Hillary, I wish you were president
Hola hillary   como  esta  la mas bella y futura
Como esta la mas bella. Del mundo. De quien   estima. Mucho
http://crickinfoemation.blogspot.com/2018/03/blog-post_92.html …
No read this!!
Or go take a walk outside it’s headquarters where Haitians have been protesting for years about the money you stole through your foundation.
Bill is really in the clouds 

The Clinton Foundation saves lives!
Right. Lmao.

@People4Bernie
Nobody cares about what you have to say
Wrong. I care. Have a blessed day. 
read this please: https://en.m.wikisource.org/wiki/Index:Nunes_Memo.pdf …
33% of the population won't even take a second to read it. They don't want to know the truth. They are living in their own make-believe narrative
Thank you from the bottom of my heart for all the good that your foundation, you and your husband have done for the American people as well as those in need around the world.
Oh and happy Presidents' Day to the Real 45th president
what an inspiration... read this.. https://en.m.wikisource.org/wiki/Index:Nunes_Memo.pdf …
Haiti wants their money back!
We are NOT SUPER PREDATORS
You are not black. Try again. Have a blessed day. Peace be with you this Lenten season. 
Happy Presidents Day
Is this your day of mourning? 
I really don’t think Don the Con or his shrinking base of supporters care about the real story. They’d rather spread lies and fake news.
Happy Presidents Day to our rightful leader! #stillwithher
You’re delusional
Thick skinned 
I think she just chose to remove a little bit of the stupid from her life...can’t say I blame her.
You would be correct Randy.
Thanks for all that you do for us and our children's futures.
She tried to ruin us
Leave this page please
Lol, I think I’ll stick around but you do have a block/mute option. 
This is a lie. Not very Christian to lie during the Lenten season. Have a blessed day and peace be with you. Amen. 
physically or emotionally?
I also want to hear the real story of the 2016 election and I want the real winner in the Oval Office now! #ImWithHer #MadamPresident
Your passion is interesting, truly. Give me a single scrap of actual, solid, irrefutable evidence and I might start to care.
10/22- Super Power dictated Pakistan in 2013 to appoint Ziauudin Yousufzai as Education Attaché at a Pakistani Consulate in Birmingham, DUK/SUK/Ex-UK https://www.facebook.com/ghulam.choudhry.1/posts/1666709540017015 …

Like we trust a damn thing you say!  FusionGPS. Benghazi.
Read this...
#trumpcolluded ....next stop for the Trump train is prison
With 1 cent of every dollar you received! 
Happy President’s day! Oh wait, never mind you’re not the president.
Happy Presidents Day, Madame Popular President! 
ONE OF THOSE “3 MILLION VOTED ILLEGALLY” #MAGAts....haven’t heard that one in awhile. 
#Bots2Block
Happy Presidents Day Ma’am, and to Bill too.
Think I'll just wait till the IG report comes out..

Are we gonna find out what happened to those emails or nah?
They were ALL turned over to the FBI who found NO, ZERO evidence of wrongdoing! Google it!
what about the deleted ones  I’m truly asking, trying to learn here, lmk
Comprehension is a virtue. ALL of THEM. Her servers were deleted AFTER they were ALL turned over to the FBI. OK?
Anything you say is a freakin lie. We will never believe a word you say or anything you put up.
We feel the same way about you.
Give the money back to Haiti @HillaryClinton you thief!
This is a great thread to block Putin bots and tRump trolls..
Liar!
I have heard the REAL story of the clinton foundation. It was written about in Clinton Cash
Unless it explains

Benghazi
33,000 missing emails
Haiti
Destroyed electronics
Missing money
Uranium One
Etc 

Then no. Nope.

Not on Presidents day.
Good old debunked Benghazi.
I take it your outrage towards Trump about the Niger soldiers is at least just as high?
Differences:
1) hillary is proven innocent 
2) I -do- actually judge the actions of the politician I support the same as the one I oppose. I simply asked if you're capable of the same.
Yes, exactly. It's perfectly fine to use as a test of the other person's double standards of lack thereof, which happens to be the case with me.
That's why I'm perfectly capable to admit: yes, true, that was also a wrongdoing of that person.
Also, you're ignoring the difference that Hillary is investigated and proven innocent.
No Thanks, just more Clinton BS!
Another fairy tale lie.....and they all lived happily ever after!
Scam to enrich @HillaryClinton @BillClinton and @ChelseaClinton
Dear Hillary! NO ONE I KNOW EVER BELIEVED ALL THE SLANDER, BACKSTABBING & PROPAGANDA  VOMITED UP BY RUSSIA OR THE PARTISAN MEDIA! WE ALL STILL GAVE GREAT ADMIRATION FOR YOU AND ALL YOUR CHARITABLE WORK!  YOU ARE THE STRONGEST FEMININE SYMBOL OF OUR TIME!I AM AN ELDER & FOLLOW YOU
Have
Slush fund?
Pay-to-play?
Salaries for Sid Blumenthal?
Fraud in Haiti? 
The vast majority of funds don't reach people in need? 
That's the real story, right? 

#LockHerUp 
But you LOVE Trump, right?
Compared to that skank.....absolutely!
A grateful world gives thanks.  
YES THEY DO, BUT NOT FOR THE CLINTONS
How Christian of you.  
You realize HRC worships Satan right!
She is on record saying she refuses to speak to Jesus!
You’re not gonna tell us the “real story” about the Clinton Crime Family.
Russian troll alert 
Dingus that thinks HRC is a good person alert
How original!  Keep up the good work. Maybe one day you’ll be stable & smart like the President!
A women that stayed with her rapist husband, nice example for young women. 
We know it’s a great foundation. Unlike the trump foundation which is just a slush fund.
Learn about George Soros
He’s a good man!
He used to raid Jews homes right after they were sent to the gas chambers. He admitted it
George Soros was born in 1930, the Holocaust period was from 1933 to 1945. He was a child during this period. Find another boogie man. Like the one in your image.
there is literally an interview with him saying this. the action starts @7:27! He will admit it for you himself. I think I found your boogy-man! The internet is forever! Ya girl @HillaryClinton  is with him at the beginning
Dude, i have already watched this interview during the election when the Russian bots got hold of it. This was a 14 year old child who was forced to give up his identity (or die) because of hatred. He couldn’t refuse!
He also said that it was the time in his life that defined him and was the best time of his life. All that and he’s an atheist. “Great man”
Happy Presidents day.
Trump wasn't "elected." Putin stole the election for him. In about 6 months, Trump will be indicted.
The old hag could not win the rigged election with the help of the Russians and there payment for Uranium one. When SHE is rotting in a prison cell, the world will rejoice. Don't cry too much buttercup.
Uranium One has been debunked, Russian bot. Our government is not set up where the Secretary of State can sell uranium.
She doesn't have Parkinson's. You Trumpters were fooled by Putin. Didn't you read Mueller's indictment of the 13 Russians?

Tell me she doesn't look possessed by the devil damn
She possessed by something.
Thank you, #RealPOTUS. 

Happy #PresidentsDay2018 !!
Bullsh*t @HillaryClinton!  Americans cannot WAIT until you are tried and convicted of TREASON.  God Bless American, and God Bless @realDonaldTrump
Russian troll alert 

Your foundation is under investigation. You call it the "real" story, I call it bullshit
Frankly, I would rather hear about the $145 million the Clinton Foundation received when you sold out America and gave control of 20% of our uranium reserves to Russia.

LBJ  WAS THE BEST PRESIDENCY OF MY LIFE TIME, WITH OBAMA COMMING IN A CLOSE 2ND, HAD HILLARY BECOME PRESIDENT IN 2016 I'M SURE SHE WOULD HAVE MADE THE LIST OF FAVORITES
its very sad to see people act like the potus is reason they happy,or glad. or think they will somehow get new rights....dont ever think shrills like every politican is here for you...they are definitly not. ask toots here, how she became rich off serveing in our goverment....
huh
We already know. Don't waste your breath. #HappyPresidentsDay @CharlesOrtel @TrishaDishes @AdolfTwittler8 #ClintonCrimeFoundation #HaitiCharityScam #Haiti
#GITMO #FollowTheWhiteRabbit
Russian bot.
Says the Hill Bot with 7 followers and 0 objectivity
Number of followers is irrelevant. I don't spend my life on Twitter. I am proud to support Hillary. Even with Russian help,  she still got 3 million more votes than Rump.
#ElectionTampering #ElectionFraud and she still lost...! 
The Clinton Crime Family Slush fund no longer pulls in millions of dollars like it did when Hatemonger Hillary was Sec of State - WONDER WHY!!!
Everything You Say is Shit ..   The @ClintonFdn is a Slush Fund used to pay off everyone stupid enough to take Money from You... #ClintonCash Owns These AssClowns James @Comey , @SenSanders , @AGLynch
Tell us about Haiti.
Well
Totally illegal foundation. Lies lies lies.
Hillary  recuerda  mucho descanso  estoy  siempre pendiente  de ti no se si tu también   Si yo puedo ayudarte de alguna  manera  politicamente  con.  Amor para  ti  escribeme. Espero
Faux clinton foundation = nothing but a money laundering scheme.

CLINTON FOUNDATION WHAT A JOKE. JUST A WAY TO ROB THE POOR PEOPLE OF THE COUNTRY.
No.  You're a liar!
Projecting your Orange Dark Lord is unbecoming.


 
Mature
Thanks.
Thank you Madam President,you have always been an inspiration to me,during my own hardships I took comfort and direction in your handling of haters,male chauvinists,many sad women that never understood you.Your continued contribution to our society and humanity is exemplary.
Just a small the woman who’s lives were destroyed by her and bill.
Hey #RussianTroll we all know that #RussiaElected45
Why is the left ways calling someone a troll whom you disagree with?
If the shoe fits.... Thankfully the news is NOW informing Americans about your existence.  And yes I'm from MI. But I live in Oklahoma. Read much? #RussianTroll #RussiaElected45 #GOPCrimeFamily #NRAKillsKids
We've had enough Clinton lies to last a lifetime...no we do not want to hear about the Clinton family or the foundation...we would love not to have to hear or see you...period.
I hope they read it in Haiti.
I want to hear the real story about how you took millions from the King of Morocco as a bribe to shut down Mosaic.
You used the EPA to put American families out of work, gave the EPA lady a nice job at the Clinton Foundation after.

TY MADAM PRESIDENT!!
Cmon Crooked, like anyone will believe a thing you say, you’re hilarious


Care to talk about the corruption part Or how you screwed Hati
We know the truth! We're not stupid like you said we are.


More dirty deals and corruption

We already KNOW! You laundered money, trafficked children and got rich off the American peoples backs.

Like how you were under heavy gunfire and had to dodge and duck bullets and then jump into your armored vehicle.
All lies,the only people who believe you are complete moron's but you already know this.
Benghazi???????? God bless them
I'm sure that's the truth especially coming out of Hillary Clinton's mouth. Lol
President Obama Has Ended the War in Iraq
Your foundation is currently under investigation. Tick tock.
Why have donations virtually dried up now that Hill & Bill are no longer in a position of power? Hmm...
Wow.  Thank you, Clinton Foundation.  (And not a single self-portrait bought with the foundation money!  Imagine!). God, I miss your goodness, Secretary Clinton!
Have those gotten better or worse since you started 'fighting' them? Oh, never mind. I forgot, results are irrelevant for democrats. Virtue signaling and good intentions are sufficient.
It’s all BS and you know it! You might put a dollar towards something you claim you do to help ...but you took $100 dollars for yourself!
We KNOW the real story  @IRStaxpros @IRSnews @YourVoiceAtIRS
Why'd you burn down your server room the day after the Clinton foundation came under investigation though? 
Nothing coming out of your mouth is real or true. We’re not the fools you think we are.
While you're serving your time in gitmo you'll have plenty of time to write your memoirs
How in the hell did you blow so much damn money?
Where is the money now ?
Benghazi
You SHOULD be nervous.  It's fun to watch
BS
KILLary..... read this *cough*cough*
Mrs Clinton apologized for not firing the staffer after she was told that there was a serious sexual harassment concern.  We understand that she now regrets the inaction...the question is WHY did she not fire him?
I want the real story on this issue, not @ClintonFdn

WE THE PEOPLE ARE ON TO U.   LIAR.     WE WANT THE TRUTH.   U CANT HANDLE TELLING THE TRUTH.      S.  C.   U.   M
Reading the posts on hear from all the trumpanzees and all I can say is you are some sick people! You back the traitor and say these things about true Americans? What is wrong with you losers!
TY for all the good work you, Bill, and the foundation have done over the decades! Thank You!

I’ll just call Haiti myself for answers about the foundation.
I'm always up to hear a good fairy tale.
Its a little too late for that
Hi Jezebel! 
It would help a great deal to see some details instead of a litany of ' we're doing this & that '
Please...
Seriously ? How much time  you think u can buy with this propaganda ? Regular people see the blatant truth of 30 years of theft flip flopping, corruption and treason. Repent your sins for the good of the American people, it will be your only option, tick tock !
Bahahaha

Phyco on alert
I love you both so much , but majority of people will never know, because they are too busy reading enquirer magazines 
You lying bag of crap. We want to read the 30k deleted emails, the original ones. You are history.
No
Yikes, are you really writing this with a straight face? Delusional much?
Exactly how much money has the Clinton Foundation taken in since you lost?
Why were those kids being smuggled out of Haiti by that acquaintance of yours?  Human trafficking now?
READ THIS - this man is a CIA whistleblower who’s been persecuted for 30 years! For trying to make Clinton  criminality public. Time for PRISON. Tick Tock.    http://c1412.paas2.tx.modxcloud.com/assets/files/pdfs/trump-open-letter.pdf …
We don't want a story, we want the TRUTH.
Right I won't even give a peek to your BS 
#straightup
Hillary Clinton. Haha. You are the last person on earth I would go to for the “ real story” about anything. I thank god everyday you are not my President !
Your version !!!!

Yeah, Right!
Your day is coming... Dead or alive!! 
Lol Hill just stay at home and rest

Bullshit.
I have a feeling we will hear the rest of the story fairly soon.
No thanks criminal we know the REAL STORY - #LockHerUp

#Q #QAnon #Anonymous #HillaryClinton in a blender
Monica Peterson was previously a research intern at the Laboratory to Combat Human Trafficking (LCHT) and also was a Research Fellow & Assistant Director at the Human Trafficking Center (HTC). She also served on the Colorado Human Trafficking Council’s Data & Research Task Force.
Both LCHT and HTC announced her passing on Facebook:

http://i.imgur.com/RI4wyxe.pngPNG  

http://i.imgur.com/YDCdlqS.pngPNG 
Friends of Monica have made mentions & suggestions that they are in the dark as far as finding out what happened, & some alluded to her death being considered a suicide, while others say she was murdered:

http://i.imgur.com/MvuVCry.pngPNG  

http://i.imgur.com/T6XSDjN.pngPNG 

http://i.imgur.com/KI7L3Fx.pngPNG 
Monica goes to Haiti

On August 15, 2015, Monica announced her plan to visit Haiti to conduct research on human trafficking: http://i.imgur.com/HuWndZc.pngPNG 
And Monica Peterson had lived there since: http://i.imgur.com/N4yeb1V.pngPNG 
After several weeks, Monica discovers corruption in Haiti involving the Clintons and people/entities related to them, and focuses her research on Hillary Clinton from that moment on.
On January 3rd, 2016, Monica shared with her friend Bella some of her findings based on her field work in Haiti up to that point. By this time she had already become aware of corruption by the Clintons in Haiti (”starts to connect the dots on what I already suspected”).
She was getting ready to dive full time: “Ms. Clinton has corrupt & dirty business to finish in Haiti. This is the theory my master’s thesis puts forth. This is modern structural slavery”. Bella re-shared this post by Monica to a group she belonged to: http://i.imgur.com/f2j3QME.pngPNG 
I don’t want to hear a word from you. No jail for your crowd, but you need to sit down some where and read a book. Your time is up, get over it.
http://yournewswire.com/clinton-foundation-investigator-dead/ …  Here is some more saucy sauce that you probably can't deny.  Lots of fun good things that ya'll are doing for "the children" and "the opioid crisis" and "climate change".  If by good you mean motivated by evil. Also, you suck for deleting my last response
No we want you in jail
when life knows you’re full of sh*t...
Bill, HRC, Russians Bragged That Clintons Would Deliver the Uranium Sale , now we know all about it.  The money pay to play, very soon both of you will be going away for a long time !! Fed Prison time along with Comey, Holder, Obama, Lynch, Mueller, Podesta !  No more bye bye

Why don't we talk to the people in Haiti?
Charles Ortel tells us the real story if the Clinton Crime foundation every week.
What about the Haitians money.?
Seriously, we don’t want 2 hear anything coming from the corrupt Clinton’s!
I am rakib miazi from  Bangladesh. Take my Salam.
Save it.. We know 
Yeah, let's hear it from Bill the trill.
Justin Cooper. Tick tock, tick tock.
https://twitter.com/anamardoll/status/966389341965750274 …
And just think, one of the participants was a  former  president and  one wanted to be elected    President of the  United States.   If  justice was truly served, they    would both be in  prison.
Why am I beginning to think you are a masochist? You know every time you tweet, those who know the truth are not going to set quietly with your attempts to bury your mountain of lies with a spoonful of BS!!
Tell me the part where you go to Haiti after a devastating earthquake with 100,000's dead and homeless and you decide to steal all the Money donated to help them. tell me that part grandma?

https://soundcloud.com/lilstev-n/white-noise-ft-white-thunder-x-jughead …
The real story on the Clinton Foundation is that Bill can get you out of prison in NK without giving NK anything, so long as you destroy all child trafficking ring evidence collected. Coincidence? I think not.
I want to hear what the “foundation” did with Haiti’s money.
Do you have syphillis from your husband?
You’re sick! You know we know your crimes, yet you’re so arrogant that you post this? Laugh all you want now, you won’t be laughing soon but I will be 
Fuck off
You're a Joke Hill!
We already know the true story, scandalous has shown us more and more each week you evil lying crooks
#Do not think so!!
#LockHerUp #LockHerUpAlready
Sure because “the real story” of the Clinton Foundation as told by your husband is 100% believable.  
HELLO ! HOW ARE YOU DOING ? IT WAS TOO GOOD ! ACTUALLY WE SHOULD FIGHT BY PEN & GUN BUT SHOULD THINK ABOUT LEGITIMATE & FRUITFUL ACHIEVEMENT ! THANKS !
Yep, you can how much it is helping the opioids crisis.  Now it's a major epidemic.
Nah we don't. We already know it's your money laundering foundation
This must be the only way Hillary and Bill communicate, via Facebook
Everyone is smart enough to know it’s a money laundering scheme, people aren’t stupid! And you lost the election not because of Russia, but because you tried to cheat and still couldn’t win.
Like we would believe anything you or Bill say!
So many trolls, so little time.
Billions in the pockets of Crooked Clinton’s a fact they can’t deny!
I love you guys!!
Oh, I really doubt you want the REAL story of the Clinton foundation getting out!! Oh wait! It already has!! #Haiti  #PizzaGate  #ChildTrafficking
Not from a liar like you
@BillClinton # WHAT has this fool gave money to help no one except her self
Want to hear the real story of the @ClintonFdn? Watch this: http://youtu.be/7LYRUOd_QoM  #ClintonFoundation #ClintonCorruption #ClintonBodyCount #ClintonCrimes #ClintonCrimeFamily #ClintonRussia #clintoncash #LockHerUp #LockThemAllUp #HillaryForPrison #CrookedHillary
