@LibertyBelleJ @SenatorRisch @CNN That seems unlikely.
The American people need u to get to the bottom this is another gate #Putingate
CNN asking Deb Schultz about corruption, she would know wouldn't she? What idiot's! Such a phony news org.
I can take maybe five minutes of CNN anymore it's unbearable
I like to know what the other side is saying, but you're right.
The country and world is watching carefully. I hope you are diligent in this.Idaho expects your best
this how you protect the #American people by upholding & defending the #Constitution.
.@OutFrontCNN @SenatorRisch @CNN FBI said no Bottom to this, no collusion or evidence, DEMs just don't want to work for Americans
thanks for finding him. It's been so long since we've seen him in Idaho, we thought he'd been kidnapped.
this made me snort with laughter.
@LouiseMensch @SenatorRisch @CNN Repubs control all branches US Fed Gov so up to them to defend America from overseas power
Did you ever get to the bottom of the secret side agreements with & secret cash to Iran? Support @POTUS
Let's get to the bottom of #hillary email and her foundation and the 400M unmarked cash #obama dirty deaings
The GOP spent years chasing fake Obama scandals (i.e. Kenya), and now, facing a REAL scandal, they shrug.
IRS fake Benghazi fake fast and furious fake Iran side deals fake red line fake. HRC emails fake
thank you, Senator
@HillaryClinton   Isn't that sweet...trying to convince us he will actually be held accountable!
PLEASE DO! HE NEEDS TO STOP LYING TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE  AND MAN UP AND STOP LETTING OTHER'S TAKE THE FALL!
when?
what idiot, didn't care about Hillary's 30,000 emails, or Obamas hot mic with Russia! Or OBAMA paying ransom
we have had enough of Debbie Wasserman Schultz turning off CNN
what rock has she crawled out from
she's still on @HillaryClinton Foundation payroll.
GOP sweeps Trump's crazy behavior under the rug. Any other elected official would be toast long ago.
good to hear @SenatorRisch. I am one of your constituents in Hauser ID
What is wrong with trying to get along with other nations. Last administration did not look at mess we r n
WE VOTED FOR YOU TO BE OUR VOICE! STAND UP AND DO YOUR JOB AND REPRESENT THE PEOPLE! #RESIST!
Did Obama request wire taps of the Trumpteam during thcampaign?after his win as president elect?INVESTIGATE
You are a fool if you think Trump do not know about Russian contact with his aides or Flynn!
Not exactly, he dodged questions from a news network (CNN) that has worked w/HRC & prints false news
. Sen. Risch is the biggest phoney in Washington.  He is just an act.  He only cares about his image.
 Every time they say "leaks" on the news...
you all have lost grip on reality...it's sad
Strange Russians on east coast while all this is happening. Juicy details en route (french)
killary ,b.o. ,and a few others should get a good lawyer! Its coming back on u!  Illegal leakers go to jail!
@oreillyfactor on ongoing Russia investigation: “Lack of facts doesn’t stop the anti-@POTUS press from whipping up hysteria.”
.@OutFrontCNN @CNN @SenatorRisch The CNN is very sick!!
Manafort definitely protests too much! Can't wait to see his face when audiotapes come to light&they will.
most of us sneak off at work to have a cig or check our texts, not to collude with foreign interests.
so says Putin. Obviously a Top !!
Will you get Trump's propaganda fools like Lord and Macaninney off your airwaves?? Please, real analysts.
if the GOP does NOT investigate Flynn & Trump's team on this Russian scandal I say VOTE them out!!
@scbusy @SenatorRisch @CNN Gel only get to the bottom if there is an #IndependentInvestigation because too many are involved.
Please made sure you have an investigation!

stupid bad losers in crooked Clinton's News network. Recounting,hacking,fake protests & now this drama
Have fun with that. What happens when this box is opened and people start looking at the left as well
Se for verdade tem que ter novas eleições e investigar os delegados de cada estado
Amazing. @GOP claims @DNC are Socialists or Communists. Yet, their candidate is in bed with the Russians? @OutFrontCNN @CNN @SenatorRisch
"We need/Expect a complete investigation by the The best investigation team ever! NSA/ FBI/ CIA! Not trump!
ok well guess it's time for that private investigation on @HillaryClinton
Yea the you got to the bottom of Hilliary's server Bowel Movement
Senator Risch, you represent me in Idaho. I demand a thorough investigation of Trump!  Represent me!
now is the new soon
Not if Donny & Putin have anything to do with it, Need special investigator, like 9/11 commission
what about the 9 leaks!  Spying on our people! Spying on president! This has gotten crazy dangerous!
You will find Obama when you get there.
THANK YOU 4 acknowledging this needs 2 B looked into & not trying 2 just gloss it over #ThatsMySenator 
@pdacosta @SenatorRisch @CNN 

"get to the bottom" = "bury in committee"
we the people want and deserve to know the truth.
HRC was in contact as well. it's normal 4 the incoming administration to have contact. Stop making stuff up!
Not one shred of evidence so far. Keep digging  for more fake news.
FAKE NEWS.  GROW UP CNN & start reporting TRUSTED NEWS....
keep the ?'s coming!! Dig in! We DESERVE the truth!! #treason
CNN you make me SICK . #FAKENEWSCNN
you seriously had Shultz on this topic of collusion. CNN you have lost your minds! Hypocritical!
INVESTIGATE TRUMP!  He is not fit to lead our country.  He is a greedy bullish traitor!!
Debbie Wasserman talking about @realDonaldTrump this woman has  0 credibility, this is Disgraceful & Disgusting Shame #cnn
Wasserman Shultz claiming collusion to get Trump elected. She colluded to make sure Sanders was not elected!
What proof do you have of ANY WRONG doing from or with Russia? Yet you STILL press the issue! PROOF PROOF
Independent Committee investigation-or your obstruction will finally take you down with it-rest assured!
how? How? How? What do you plan to do?
the senator danced around the issues
LOL. I love the way PRez Trump drives you people crazy everyday since the election. heeheehaha
We need to get to the bottom of which den operative illegally leaked sensitive info the the #FakeNews liberal media
You can't find anyone else to have on than Debbie Wasserman Schultz? #cantbetrusted

Obama to Medvedev: "after elections I'll have more flexibility"
On what? Crimea? Syria? Iran? Anyone investigating this?
@DWStweets get that trolll off your show. Booooooooooooo
That old Muppet should be fishing with his grand kid and Ms Burnett should have his job. He's dirty and weak
Baby steps to inment!
Careful what you wish for..maybe few very nervous public servants in mix that acted outside their authority
You are my senator and let's get on with finding out. Ok?
thank you Senator!
Let's wait for the investigation!
CNN Manipulating Facts without evidence. wait till they find out they were Rickrolled
what if it is just the opposite?
America wants  the truth senator Ritch not a bunch of bullshit.
the only thing you're getting to the bottom of is a barrel of excuses.
dems are creating a coup
thank you for putting nation b4 party & current occupant of the office of POTUS. the institution must prevail
"oh no, there's a bottom below" Malvina Reynolds
you will have to reach deep into Putin's a$$, there you will find Trump
Have fun with more conspiracy's...while Trump is running the country
Your president Bannon may go once comrade trump is impeached.
whats more likely to happen is dems screaming impeach but all they get is 8 years of Trump
the government employees have a duty to leak who he is. For humanity.
