Enough already with this baseless witch hunt!  Dissolve this bias and ridiculous "intelligence" committee and get going with Trump's agenda!
My boss' boss has everyone leave room.
Says, you like your job, right?
Says, I hope you'll have sex with me.
@SenatorRisch says, NO PROBLEM
GREAT JOB TODAY JIM
We expect #FullRepeal! Dont contribute further to the downfall of ur party by pushing thru #SwampCare.  #KeepThePromise!! #UnitedForFreedom
Another Republican clown who's grabbing onto tRumps coat tails...better let go before your drowning into one of ur lakes.
Of course. The non news station for idiots.
speaking on fox news who supports the crooked con man donny trump and you helping.. you know what? we're going to vote you out! bye bye
Making the news circuit Sen? Showboating a little to show your loyalty to Trump. You realize ID is watching. And we also take notes & hope
Yes, I watched you lie.
Yes, we all watched him make a fool of himself today.
No, the one who made a fool of himself was Comey!
Lol
lol what a Maroon
Maybe not illegal to hope, but should be to ask for a personal oath of loyalty... in this country we swear an oath to the Constitution...
Actually, defenses like this have been attempted in obstruction cases before, and semantics are not a very effective argument in court.
#RepealOCareAsPromised! #DefundPP! Stop murdering babies! #UnitedForFreedom!
Why did u even bother showing up? U missed the main issue here. The Russians are hacking the election. Hope your next election gets hacked.
#KeepThePromise of a #FullRepeal! Republicans have no excuse! Nothing has changed, if you campaigned on #FullRepeal we expect nothing less!
Risch is a crooked politician, all about party, not patriotism.  A career piece of shit that needs to go!
I hope you are never elected to public office again.
I HOPE you didn't grab her pussy
Excellent line of questioning. #ComeyHearings #ComeyTestimony
Actually it was very poor, and arguing semantics as a defense like this in an actual trial won't be very effective.
#FullRepeal . We are watching. Stick us with socialism and we can vote AGAINST you.
That's a real nice Senate seat you have there. I hope nothing happens to it #subtextiseverything
Trump supporter's furious abt #ComeyHearings. No questions abt unmasking, spying, etc. #Comey treated like RockStar. GOP #DraintheSwamp
When did the party of Reagan become the party of putin?

Senator, your performance today in the Comey hearing was stellar!
Stellar? Embarrassing beyond words. Does it bother you that it does not bother Chump that we, ALL of us were attacked by an enemy? Disgrace!
If my president is chump yours WAS Obummer...and THAT he was!
You are corrupt & deceitful, playing word games for party over country. Oh—wait, you live in One Nation Under Koch. I forgot
Not one senator, republican, defended trump nor disputed what Comey said about the events and what trump said
Trump claimed he didn't ask him at all and your focus is on the word "hope" not that Trump has lied. Unbelievable!
You don't represent all Idahoans but you are doing a heck of a job representing Donald Trump
Nixon resigned just for DISCUSSING asking @CIA to "influence" @FBI on Watergate

Trump cut out @CIA middlemen & fired @FBI

#MafiaLeech
When your wife says "I HOPE you pick up milk on your home" , do you stop and get the milk? It's not that hard, even for a partisan hack
You know what else can't be misunderstood?DTsaid fired Comey because of the Russian investigation & told Russians pressure was off him .....
Now That Comey was gone--as you said, words crystal clear and right from DT's mouth to the world!
What is wrong with you? You embarrass me
How can one senator be this stupid?
COWARD.
More fake news.  Horrible fake AMERICAN.
Perhaps Risch should remember that it's not so much the words but the meaning behind them.
figures. so you're the @GOP  standard bearer serving as the #HowardBaker of the H2Ogate Cmte? At least you came on @CNN @AC360 for balance
Wonder if there's any relation (Risch)? Haha
Hey I hope you don't regret saying "I hope" can't be obstruction.
Fox Spews just like you did in the Comey hearing this morning! Deplorable! Partisan hack! You'll hope they reelect you! NOT!
Senator Risch attempt to defend Trump was not convincing. Risch needs to defend America not an unfit president.
Thank you!
You are supposed to represent all of us. Your actions/questions today make me think you don't represent our republic. Shame on you.
U will ask trump to answer questions under oath right? Right???
Key word. "I HOPE" WELL I HOPE YOU DONT GET RE-ELECTED. #COUNTRYBEFOREPARTY
No. I hear one republican a day which is enough because you all say the same damn talking points.
So U will be asking trump to answer questions under oath, right? Right??
This "he's new" defense is BS, trump on campaign trail said referring to Lynch/Clinton "who does that" then did it.
Never struck u odd that in 9 meetings trump was never concerned over FACT Russia attacked our democracy, but only himself? And u defend him
Trump has undermined our free press, our judicial, and our intelligence and u defend. He is dangerous and harming our country.
A patriot would put country first, a partisan puts party first. U sir r a partisan, no patriot.
Just like you all have done after all the things he has said right?
If a man holds you up at gun point and says " I hope don't have to shoot you" is that less of a crime?
So if someone gives you a job and then says "I hope younwill have sex with me " does that make it less than sexual harassment?

And please stop telling Americans that Trump, all his WH counsel and aides are all new to gov't & naive. This is America, not a Trump rally.
Your "I Hope" focus might be reasonable if Trump hadn't fired Comey just days later for not obeying his wishes. So its a mute point.
Awesome question:
 Have you ever heard of someone being charged with hoping. 

Thank you sir.
