Obama caused this by being a pussy for 8 years - Trump will deal with and the USA will not lose China
"Obama jerk" - Exactly, you get it
Got it - You're one of the poor oppressed blacks ;)

Like a 3 year old.  True leaders and men know how to be diplomatic.  Commander Cheeto is an asshat.
Are we now closer to the use of those nuclear buttons everyone was worried about?
And with that mind we better really be worried

Look up asberger syndrome

The POTUS has a clogged filter... He simply doesn't think before opening his mouth...
Well you know what he is thinking unlike most politicians who say one thing but believes another
Yeah... "Like the world has never seen"... Please! This man doesn't know what end is up... And sadly the world is about to find that out...
He has the best advisors Mattas and Kelly he won't act on his own
Yeah he'll consult his magic Eight Ball and then ask Jared and Ivanka what they think... and let's not forget the crypt keeper Bannon...
Facts not opinions you have none
True, problem is, he doesn't have much of a mind
Liberal Trump haters.Listen & read 4 once b4 spouting off. Read JFKs speech & his WARNING 2 Russ during Cuban crisis.POTUS DJT is doing same
If Trump had a mind he would not say stuff like he does.
Most children are.  We expect maturity and wisdom in our president.  It's a serious position and not for just anyone.  Especially children.
lowest unemployment. highest market. New justice to Supreme Court. UN in agreement about North Korea.  Have made major improvements in VA
Dow dropped this evening, by 6;  North Korea wants to attack Guam;, many vets would disagree with you.
An many vet would
Yes, 45 cares about veterans and persons deployed:
Trump has still not acknowledged these fallen Marines.

 Benjamin Cross
 Nathaniel Ordway
…
Stupid is as stupid does! #djt

Six year olds are known for that too.
Let's just put all you "Resist" group on a boat and send them to NK to talk to Kim - I'm sure he'll roll out the red for y'all freaks
Need a leader who has the skills to handle conflict. This is not an action movie, war has consequences for all.
Well the last 8 years the US tried to avoid conflict and it got us to the point of almost no return - should have stopped it earlier on
@SenatorRisch absolutely spineless. This is a man who places his loyalty to an incompetent president over his country's best interest. Sad!
Listen lib dipwads. We need a POTUS of action, not the apathetic one that left. 55 yrs ago Kennedy did the EXACT same thing.He took a stand!

U mean like Obama's line in the sand?
Like a toddler? #Resist

Trumps words and this Senator scare the hell outta me
Makes me want to kick the next Trump supporter I meet in the pants.
Direct your anger at the aggressor, NK. POTUS JFK did the same thing in Cuban crisis. Just freaking read JFKs speech & his warning to Russ









Hillary gives Millions & Millions of dollars to N.Korea to build Nukes!! Kim is her best Friend , they even share each other's clothes! Lol!
While Obama was notorious for looking the other way!  Wonder if North Korea received pallets of cash? #MAGA
Was that a Trump style picnic or a gov meeting? Wondering why 1st lady was there? Or does she have a security clearance and job title?
That's the scary part.
Do you remember the Bay of Pig between then Pre Kennedy and Russia when they plan on delivering weapons to Cuba? Did not happen!
Then someone should duck tape his mouth & put mittens on him so he can't TWEET. Trump unbelievably stupid trying to look powerful,he's WEAK
It's his mind that's fxxked up. Weak people are the only people that continuously try to talk tough. Really pathetic.
He needs to THINK before He SPEAKS! we'll end up in a war
About time we got a President give us facts and fight for the people God bless Trump  teams 
@SenatorRisch You are a stain on #Idaho. Your allegiance to @treasonweasel @realDonaldTrump is sickening. #WWIII will be your legacy.
The man's brain capacity is of that of a 5 year old, #impeachtrump
Core trump supporters need to sign up for war in Korea just saying #nutjobs 
It's called NO FILTER.
Yes not a politician. They will say what they think u want to hear. He will tell u exactly what's going on. Pussification of America is over
That is because he is not a pussy like Obarfma was
It's time North Korea gets put in his place stop threatening Americans lives and other allies
One crazy threatening another crazy.  Insane!!
Have they found his Mind yet!  Must be at the other end of his backbone!

Saying what's on his mind or sitting on it?
Jim Risch is strong trump supporter, he doesn't care about American as long as trump and his Republican Party are making money.
The problem is his mind is flawed
Trump is going to get us kill.
 this is not business....we're talking LIVES.
my amazing #MOM taught us that #flies can't enter closed lips.
A trait shared with Homer Simpson
Just keep thinking "this too will pass" line most of his thoughts
Trump does it all the time in twitter--no dialog just out of mind nonsense
This is suppose to reassure us that he is willing to blow people away to prove a point. Not reassuring at all just dumb.
He needs what I call the 5 second rule.   Think for 5 sec when you respond so you don't sound like an idiot or say something offensive.
Yea the left can not stand for the truth. You guys prefer hyperbole and innuendoes
HE LOVES CHAOS! USA hasn't been the same since he has been in office. Now another war brewing-
I'm sorry but you did not say much of anything when Obama drew a red line, and did nothing when it was trampled..  Pres. Trump means it..
Imagine if the whole world says exactly what's on their mind(let's just start with all world leaders)! That's why there's a word called tact
If only he had a mind. He is like the scarecrow walking around Bedminster searching for one.
Republicans,  y'all knew Trump didn't know what he was doing, should be ashamed of yourself,  & if War happens, it's y'all fault. !!!!
Lord Please Help Us. !!!!!
He doesn't have any children in service, so he don't care what he say , it's not going to be his sons or daughter killed. !!!!
Why don't y'all get that man out of office, before he get all us killed. !!!!
No, Trump is "notorious " for diarrhea of the mouth
DJT is a dumb dumb
This President is infamous for bullshitting and bluffing. | 
There fixed that for ya.
Better then Obama and his "stop it now" or "drawing" a "red line"...
Clinton gave us the Twin Towers, Obama gave us N. Korea; CNN & NY Times will give us a whole new start.
That's because he has no restraint with his mouth. Thus our liberties and lives are in doubt! He needs to go!
Yeah honesty really bothers those in congress and MSM for that matter.
And #tRUmpkins LOVE that #tRUmp spews whatever's on his mind. Too bad they're not more discerning abt the quality of spew.
Fake News! Liberals are defending the enemy!

Only a child says whatever is on their mind
President Trump speaking the language that the little puke KJU understands. Also the little puke doesn't understand is 2 carrier groups!
That's why we added a new word to our lexicon last year: #pussygrabber.

YES!! we have a POTUS with a solid stance for what is in our best interest! Like NOT letting a crazy dictator improve his nuclear power!?
FALSE! Trump is notorious for saying whatever he thinks his lemmings wants to hear.
Trump will put the world in great danger.
Like "farts"? Is it the Tourette Syndrom?
Verbal diarreah at its best!  Way to go! @realDonaldTrump 
Pretty sure the ones responsible for USA security are pulling their hairs.
And this folks is what passes for leadership these days, SCARY !
If he only had a brain ...
So we should all die in nuclear holocaust because of his stupid remarks?
It's a shame that facts are never on it.
That's why he shouldn't be president. Big mouth and doesn't think before he opens it 
NK threatens to bomb Guam, Trump stands up to the bully and tells it like it is... does CNN prefer Obama's bend over response?
Bill, you've gotta be Russian subterfuge.
...which as a world leader is terrible, especially since Trump is also a dunce.
Exactly what's on his festering diseased mind. We should all be very worried.
am waiting to see China and Russia help Americans in the war. that will never happen. coz both of them want to overpower and dethrone them
What he says that just pops into his mind is going to put all of us in jeopardy. He is a loose cannon.
Yes not like the fake news of CNN ! Pathetic reporting !
This can't be true. He talks an awful lot
Crazy ppl do that
Confused. Is there an implication in there that this is actually a good thing?
Unlike Obamas lines in the sands?  There's a new sherif in town.
And completely talking out of his ass. Let's get serious about him. He has the intellect of an 8 year old and the IQ of a houseplant.
And the GOP doesn't seem to mind...maybe this will wake them up
When will Republicans stop making excuses for Trump? When will Republicans start to hold Trump accountable? President or not.
He said exactly what was on his mind....from the written notes on the table.
@FoxNews @POTUS @GOP Cooper is in dire position cause of left diplomacy. NEw York, LA or Washington can be destroyed in 2seconds.jeez
Sick mind
Notoriously stupid.
Except when he's "joking."
Two year olds say exactly what's on their minds too..but they're two, so there's that!!
No stupido, Trump is saying exactly what the adversary can't wait to hear.
It's a shame his mind is senile.
At least he's got a mind !!
And even more notorious for lying through his teeth.
45 needs a damn edit button!
Idiotic 
CNN is out of mind
What will you say in a position like this???
What mind?  He's like a kid with dangerous weapons and the grown ups have to take charge before someone's hurt. Please RNC be the grown ups
Notorious for lying!
How refreshing !!!
Yeah well maybe he should spend time looking up photos of Hiroshima/Nagasaki A bomb victims instead of running his stupid yapper.
I can't believe how stupid Dem O Rats are
Approval ratings
Climate change
Russia Russia Russia
You might want to wake up
That's reassuring. Trump is notorious 4 behaving like an ignorant ignoramus! U 1st hv 2 possess a mind in order 2 say exactly what's on it.
Well what a breath of fresh air he must be.



So do 5 year olds... I expect the President of the United States to use his intellect and diplomacy skills AND his fk'n thought- bubble!!
...which is precisely why we're scared shitless!  Crazy vs crazy doesn't end well!!
Yes & the left is not worried about u California. U get blown off the planet then oh trump I am glad you did nothing. Sanctions good enough
Coulda stopped with "notorious".
When was the last time America won a war
What's "on his feeble mind" is the problem
He says things to stir up trouble that's it troublemaker Donald Trump liar liar liar that's always ever done his whole life
He's an impulsive, unitelligent fool
In other words, a loose canon that benefits no one.
I remember the "Shock and Awe" from about 2002.
Actually, I think we are still in Awe that its still going.
Miscalculation! That's really frightening to hear, Ups's we miscalculated dropping the bomb and just kill 20 million
In other words, he's notorious for saying nothing at all.
#CNN is notorious for not reporting stories until they can somehow smear the #POTUS in the process! How bout smear obama for doing nothing!
All of you on here are worried, because you aren't right with God!
Good.
@JimRisch has brown nosed 45 from beginning big deal on your words
That's not a good thing. Just sayin'
Going to war with North Korea would be like going to war with China...not a good idea with anyone who understands global politics.
This 70 yr old baby is the biggest mistake ever

That's the problem! What one actually thinks shouldn't always come out the mouth. He's such a child. He has no self control.
What’s wrong with you people? if we get attacked there will be radiation fallout, we need a Prez who’s stern and not a pansy like Obama was!
Oh great that makes me feel better
But does the opposite of what he says!!!
Trump & co. R nothing but war mongers! Ppl like that don't want peace.There's always confusion, empty rhetoric, lies!
what mind?? he has none.
#MentalDiarrhea
We would not be in this situation if Obama in his 8 years in office had curtailed FatBoy’s capability with harsh sanctions,he did nothing!
What mind?
He says whatever pops into his head, no ,filter, with 0 contemplation, 0 thought for consequence,  0 understanding of the topic. Donald = 0
Jimbo is in trouble 4 involvement in money laundering & accepting donations from Russians. Don't think he's one to be talking 2 abt Trump. 
The benefit cost of nuclear annihilation to a country ignorant enough to elect this dumbass is fitting.
The irony here is that korea can hit sadom and gomorrah, I mean California and New York!
Thanks for nothing Oboma. You removed the defense missiles that were in place to defend against North Korea. Talk about a bonehead move.
At least he didn't draw a red line in the sand that Russia and Iran would step over with impunity.
Saying exactly what's on his tiny, little, constricted , twisted mind
@GOP @FoxNews @AP @NPR @MSNBC That's what toddlers do, not Presidents and leaders of the world. GROW UP ALREADY. Toddlers have consequences.
Very disconcerting when that mind is mentally ill & suffering from dementia
And his 'mind' is way up his ass.
If you don't like it at least try a slightly differnt diet via youtube prior to calling me out.
So am I he is ass hole!!!!!!!
Mostly white noise with a poltergeist whom gives him his great ideas.
Fire and fury eh? Didn't it used to be shock and awe?
Trump' s mind is a terrible thing.
You mean he has one? 
I wish to live that day when all stupids are billionaires while the smart boys are begging for work to survive.
MAGA POTUS TRUMP!
That's why I with ppl wouldn't take his Twitter feed seriously.  Words matter BUT his feed about policy is just jibber jabber nonsense
Unfortunately. Of course, he is on vacation so the fiery comment could have meNt he wanted a s'more...
Trump is also notorious as a pathological liar, so not sure what the point it....
