Fake senator Risch on his favorite FAKE NEWS station again
Except for the nuclear bomb arriving on a cargo transport the NK sold to ISIS.  But all the normal stuff, yep, we are ready.
I mean, the ship doesn't even have make port. Just needs to get within a mile of shore.
into our WH. I saw the white supremacist march in VA, disgusting & far beyond free speech; they had brass knuckles, bats & bottles that they
What the hell is wrong with you Republicans?  You put Trump ( not a Republican) a Nazi & two white supremacists ( Gorka, Bannon & Miller)
Are you sending your children / grandchildren?  Your nephews?  Or just everyone else's?
@SenatorRisch @CNN with all due respect, sir, we do not want it to get to that point!!!!!
But how do we defend against the clueless nincompoop in the White House? Maybe a GOP senator has a role? Maybe?
Let's defend American values in our own country. Refuse to support KKK and Nazi violence.
were hitting people with.  We all know Trump is mentally ill & you senators need to get some guts & impeach him.
Are we safe from within?
If we have the best military Why didn't we win NK in the 50's and Vietnam
For 8 years POTUS didn't stand for the USA; NOW HE DOES!
#stopthedumbracewar
Meanwhile, d elephant in d room; racism, which is d root of all atrocities in America is gaining in strength & girth under racost D Trump
Lovely timming. #Charlottesville
#bullshit trump
IMHO, the goal of war is peace. We've failed at that for too long. We need leaders that served & offer perspectives aging politicians can't.
I wonder if HIS children are part of the military he & The Trumpettes plan to send into harms way! Easy to send someone else's child!
@SenatorRisch Northern Idaho is thick with Nazis. Defend the U S against that.
Did I just hear you say that we should just let a possible nuclear weapon land 20 miles of the coast of Guam. Are you f..ing serious? Erin
Yes they are serious. They'd let one land hear. Then blame Trump because he didn't stop it from happening.
WOW Feel sooo much safer now party line drone @SenetorRisch was on TV Focus on diplomacy & empty State Dept. That's what keeps USA safe
@SenatorRisch has not respond to the events in #Charlottesville or made any comments denouncing racism. Why embarrass #Idaho?
It's time to put country over party sir. Impeach!
US "leadership" can't even stand up 2 Nazis 60yrs aft 60mil died fighting 2 destroy them! And they're thriving on US soil bc trumps a coward
Except when his friends from #Charlottesville attack kill in the name of hate. I hope you all see he does not even condemn their actions.
Maybe your racist friends can jut run Kim over with a car.
Are we still safe with the Nazis rally killing someone and DJT refuses to condemn them! WWII vets fought, died, wounded in vain?
Yes safe from North Korea but what about the 35%inside the United States better showing their true colors today Donnie's Base
Blabla.... shit offfg
@SenatorRisch my senator, I want to know what you are doing about HR 438?
Our military consists of American men & women, Trump willing to sacrifice for his thin skin! Words w turn into bullets w Trump as President
Media chases Trump's diversion from Mueller investigation
We will never be safe with Trump as President! He is ignorant and a bully, wanting to start killing Americans!
How quick we forget 9/11  Who protects us from him
America has the best weapons in the world giving them the best military New Zealand has the best solders end of discussion.
This guy is living in a bubble
It's the duty of all countries to defend themselves,we live in a world where there are humans that are very evil,sad humans can't live in pe
How many service men and women will be sacrificed to this war?
Prefer civilians?
Boy, I'd so rather not put that to the test.
BTW which war has America actually won since WWII?
Yes, those 9mm, assault rifles, shot guns...they'll take out a nuclear missile with no problem. How did this idiot get elected?
We have the best military in the world yea rite,snowden,homos,aren't there Koreans in our military no Americans in there military?????
As long as there is a guy that thinks his dick is biggest with his hand on launch button USA and the rest of the world is not safe.
There's only one problem. We have an unstable leader with his finger on the button.
And u don't care about the others?
Why does Risch keep talking out the side of his mouth.  Find someone else please
But you're not defending, you are attacking!
why kill lots of ppl to prove it ? NK just talking shooting missiles in water , world waited to late prevent nuke event
These idiots.
We should send Sen. Risch to NK to check things out. He ALWAYS has the answer, so maybe he'll put his money where his mouth is!
How about those innocent Koreans and Japanese? It's not all about us (US)!!!!!
There will be no attack u have a better chance of dying by some nut job with an AR-15. Your playing into Trump's bs
Bullshit , I bet the Russians have a good army too , tough
China's got my back, so bring it on!
It has taken DT only 200 days to get USA involved in 2 possible military actions due to misinterpretations.  Russia and China are watching!
That is actually hilarious. The middle east, Europe is on fire because of Obama. This immigration crisis happened under Obama
I can't believe people like him represent Americans
All military might will not stop the economic crisis even if there isn't any nuclear fallout. That is what they don't dare mention/for war
https://twitter.com/rextilllerson/status/892376040160595968 …
Aaron looks as though she's disappointed in what this man had to say!
Yes we do and don't forget it don't let CNN MSNBC and the other idiots scare you
When is he invading Texas? Trump is menatlly ill.
We don't know how to elect a president
Can we defend ourselves from China's ICBM's; they will side w NK. There aren't that many intercepting US missiles
only a liberal would eye roll having the best military in the world and being able to defend itself
One of #Cult45's biggest supporters.
Wow...how comforting
Having best MILITARY in the WORLD doesn't mean US can impose what ever wish & DOMINATE the WORLD, as 6th GRADER #TRUMP thinks.
Not with this crazy President.
