Ya next time let @KamalaHarris get a yes or no answer..that's what we want to find out not a five min run of circle explanation w/ no answer
She needs to be censored.  She was a disgrace.
He is the Chair and needs for it to be viewed as respectable.  Not a place for off topic questions or political grandstanding.
And I am furious about this 11 month investigation with no evidence.  At some point the plug just needs to be pulled.  Hopefully tomorrow.
maybe Harris should consider acting like an adult.
Comeys written testimony is out.   This is officially over and the investigation must be halted.  NOW
@lonepatrick @snickerfritz04 @ReturnOfWeezer @WrmNewt @Magdalena0113 @ZeitgeistGhost trump needs to be impeached!
It's over, don't kid yourself.
in due time it will be for trump
You need to make sure the Senators do not badger the people testifying.
Be sure opening question is about coordinating the suit with the drapes.
Senator Burr, NC and the country need you to be the person in the @Gop that stands up to this administration. Please be the hero #country1st
Are you not hearing there is nothing there?  Over and over and over.  Layoff the MSLSD.
I believe they are unable to reveal classified info, but every citizen should be worried about Russian interference into our government.
Where's the push on leaks? It seemed that Comey got a free pass on leaking 2  his friend.
@SenatorBurr Do your job during #ComeyHearing and ask why Trump demanded Comey stop investigating Flynn!
I mean I get that is a hard hard message for the GOP to get today- but get it. Because the GOP Behavior yesterday was awful. And you know it
We should send a mass of women constituents ti ask you some questions? Will you silence them? How did you do in any town halls? #GOPHATESUS
stop obstructing
Why won't Sessions testify in OPEN session?
Make it public & issue subpoenas. USA wonders why u protect #Sessions when #SessionsLiedUnderOath & give him cover. You on transition team?
Will you shush him too? #ncpol

obstruction of justice 
Remember Burr, Trump doesn't like rats. He "expects loyalty."
Also, why wd anyone think Trump detests *disloyal* people & considers ppl who say negative things about him "rats"? https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/422408343471542272 … 
Do you want President to spend time on building up our country? Comey has put law unequally for the country. It is fault! #maga
- When is the testimony regarding Lynch obstruction that #Comey followed? Need truth on Lynch. Need answers on Iran ransom too!
Based on Comey's testimony, Asst. AG Rod Rosenstein, should dismiss Mueller; and open an investigation into Comey and Lynch.
Do your job! Ask the tough questions and ask follow-up ones! We are watching you!
Let Senator Harris speak. U can't burn smart women at the stake anymore. #ShePersisted #LetHerSpeak It's 2017 not 1917, comrade #burrrussia
I personally think its reverse sexism, the way she goes after the males!  Is she a man hater!  Most rude person !
Shameful your treatment of Sen Harris! Are you protecting Trump? Either you are a traitor or an American? Which is it?
Dear god, Burr, why do you consistently embarrass the great state of NC?!?!?!??!?!? Your partisanship is nauseating.
Amen.....NC voter right here. Brunswick county..I will remember this mess next time elections roll around. #Trumprussia #TrumpLies
We are watching @SenatorBurr ...
Comey is not credible! He's a fired disgruntled ex-employee who now gets the opportunity to try & screw over his former boss! Witch hunt!
So you are just planning on defending 45? Useless questions!
Senate and Intel seems like an oxymoron to me. There isn't enough Intel in the Senate to blow my nose.
Richard Burr continues to protect the interest of Putin and the Russian state.
Very troubling. Burr says he sees no Trump "wrongdoing" in Comey statement. 
https://www.motherjones.com/politics/2017/06/comey-statement-trump-defenders-absurd-spin/ … 
You must stand for the American Constitution and not for Republican Party! Protect our Democracy!

We witnessed yesterday at the Intel chiefs hearing that the Democrats will not accept that the intel chiefs did... http://fb.me/15ks5KWKf 
There is a difference between the words I HOPE and I request or I order you Mr Comey....
So find UR balls &DO SOMETHING,prez is corrupt,obstructed justice.If it was HRC you'd B all over it calling 4 jail time!!DT needs 2B in jail
Really killed it on the questioning re: hope. (Not) Sometimes there is more implied in words. Like a mobster saying, "I'm not saying..."
Question: Is the @GOP complicit in the #trumpRussiacoverup #
Comey now has a book deal! What a joke!!!
You are trying to confuse the situation  YOU know the truth - Obstruction 
Is it about congress in fear of being blackmailed by Crowdstrike?
Not surprised by your handling of Senator Harris' legitimate question. Constituents will remember. #NeverthelessShePersisted
You should apologize to @SenKamalaHarris , what you did to her was wrong.
@KamalaHarris We expect you to treat female senators in the same manner as you do male senators. 2017, we can vote you out!
Thank you!!! Please honor the American public, our democracy and the future of this amazing country! We need you leadership!
Pipe down.
Please sir, show us there are good men still able to put country over party. All we want is the truth, we deserve no less.
I am a democrat from CA, I want to believe you care about Americans and this great country we share. I'm rooting for you sir.
Get this stupid azz out of #Office #World How dare him Cut off the #Female Rep for the same thing the males do
Are you going to let @KamalaHarris speak even if she forgets to bring her parasol and bat her eyelashes?
Planning on acting like a misogynistic ass again today?
He doesn't care. NC has successfully suppressed the majority. They will continue putting party over country and destroy America.
Strong women terrify you, little man?
will u allow Kamala Harris to speak HER piece?
Are you going to behave like a sexist, misogynistic jerk again today! Publicly apologize to @SenKamalaHarris #KamalaHarris #ShePersisted
Will you shut down Sen Harris again? What about Sen King? Protecting Trump? #NeverthelessShePersisted #SenateMisogonyny
Country over party! Stop trying to twist the testimony to GOP! Let truth come out wherever it leads.
Senator is 2017, women have the right to be contentious. We don't to ask for special treatment, just equal treatment. Apologize!
Your actions yesterday during The committee hearing were not defensible. Shame on you.
A disgusting display with Ms. Harris during session.Who the "F" you male republicans think you are.Old white men S/B moved out or grow up.
The women have this.
They seek the Truth.
Keep your own contentious mouth zipped & let USA hear the Truth.#Tsst#TrumpRUInvestigation#GOP
You, sir, have zero integrity. How does that feel? Woof.
Sen Harris get to close for comfort?  Had to call her down did you?  Shame on you.
Take a moment to apologize to @SenKamalaHarris before todays events. It would be greatly appreciated. Thanks in advance. ON CAMERA!!
She had a Cocky attitude PLUS rude and disrespectful
If Comey doesn't say what you and your neo-con & Democrat friends want, will you resign. NC wants you gone.
Your practice of beating down women is disgraceful. Getting answers to questions is the job. Treating all fairly is lesson you need to learn
You were rude to Sen Harris. WTF is wrong with men. Typical male behavior.
Your treatment of Senator Harris was appalling. Misogyny is alive and well in Washington. Shame on you.
Why didn't comey recuse himself from the clinton investigation? He had a relationship with them going back twenty years.
I hope you ask him why he refused to prosecute Hillary Clinton.
Dear @SenatorBurr, the moment you interrupted Sen Harris, you betrayed the great legacy of  Sen. "Sam" Ervin, Jr. of Watergate probe. Sad!
Your constituents are watching you & expect you to ask the hard questions today. We will remember next election #ComeyHearing #ncpol #Russia
Way to make NC proud! Good thing you are not running for reelection!
Try being courteous to ALL Senators today Mr. Burr. Even ones of a different gender & race. It'll be difficult for you but I have faith.
You owe Sen Harris and the state of California an apology.  You were rude and condescending.
Do your job. Country over party.  Let's avoid a repeat of shameful Sen Harris treatment, shall we? 
Harris is YOUR EQUAL, not your subordinate. And as for people "on notice"? YOU, buddy. YOU are on notice.
you need to charge Coats and Rogers with contempt of Congress
This is your moment, sir. Are you a statesman or a politician? Rise to the occasion. Link arms with @MarkWarner and lead us out of this mess
Comey, your excuses for nonreport sound like your excuse in 2016. Why is either a legit response from then FBI head? https://theconservativetreehouse.com/2017/06/08/dear-senator-someone-anyone-please-follow-up-with-comey-today-on-this-line-of-inquiry/amp/ …
You wouldn't have tried to silence a man. YOU are still part of the problem, you dinosaur. I don't see re-election with 1950's ideas in 2018
Burr's not interested in facts. Burr wants to be reelected. He cares nothing for the CONTENT of the leaks, just jailing the leakers.
A wee bit of a sexist ass more worried about his party than his country for wealthy white guys like himself.
Vote Burr out of office!!! If he can't be professional, he's in the wrong profession. How he treated Harris is how he treats "others".
And Comey, you publicized in a prior investigatn that physical destructn of subpoenaed data wasnt obstruction. How can this be obstructn?
Please do not interrupt your colleagues today @SenatorBurr
Ricardo Burr just remember God is watching all in the court today, just be honest and open your eyes, TRUMP is a liar
What they said  you chauvinist,  greedy, treasonous pig.  Social media will now take you on and destroy you... I can't wait to help.
DO YOUR JOB TODAY! Ask the questions the American People NEED 2 HEAR THE ANSWERS 2! Its our right 2 know the TRUTH!
Do you think you can manage to control yourself today and treat female senators with the same respect as your male colleagues?
Please allow your female colleagues to speak. Thank you.
Please do NOT repeal the ACA. #Trumpcare is bad and why are you hiding the Bill from us? People call him to stop this.
For a year, democrat/media establishment has run a disinfo propaganda war on the country & @POTUS. There must b consequences @ChuckGrassley
It's time to act like the MAJORITY and go on offense against this treasonous, felonious smear campaign by the media/Dems. We will not forget
SHE PERSISTED!!!
Oink oink
Why were those men allowed to avoid answering yesterday?  Why were they not found in contempt of congress? When will GOP take action?
Non event!  Your continuants want to know what happened to repeal Obamacare, tax cuts for middle class and the "wall".  Time to get to work!
Did you stop Mitch McKKKonnell from silencing Elizabeth warren? Coward
How dare you try to silence Kamala Harris! You let angus king speak! I smell sexism and racism.
You will be remembered as someone who committed treason. That is your evil legacy
You're compromised, buddybuck. Kindly leave the Intelligence Committee to those who aren't. #TrumpObstructed
Be as respectful to Sen. Harris as you are to your male colleagues. Time to put the nation and the Constitution before party loyalty.
You obviously have no interest in getting to the truth. You are an #obstructionist & should resign #shame #indecent #whoboughtyourloyalty?
You like disrespecting women just like 45.  Bravo. You're interrupting a real American protecting the interest of us other Real Americans.
Perhaps you can show the same courtesy to Senator Harris, that you showed Sen King during the hearings today.
Shame on you for your treatment of Senator Harris. Misogyny is alive and well with you, isn't it? Do better tomorrow please.
Your treatment of Senator Kamala Harris is reprehensible.  You should be ashamed of yourself.  SAD!!!
Will you be cutting him off like you did Sen Harris?
Why no 2nd round of questions? Being "Loyal"? And Let @SenKamalaHarris speak without your rude interruption! Do Your Job! @SenJohnMcCain
That's right Burr... we all noticed how u treated Sen Harris... people take notice don't reelect Burr!!!
I don't trust U... & only 1 round of questions over such a serious matter...r u trying 2 obstruct?! we need true independent investigation..
Well I hope you interrupt the wht men who talk over ppl too your disgusting and disrespectful vote you out next election clean house
Looking forward to the testimony. Please, for the love of this great country and its future, get to the bottom of this.
Ask the tough questions! ITS YOUR LEGACY! Be remembered as a hero, not for being too scared of the TRUTH!
Did you and McCain shit your depends when Angus King demanded a straight answer or just when a black woman has something to say? Odd that...
Try not to old white man interrupt your female colleagues tomorrow. Didn't see you have a tiff over your hard questioning male colleagues.
Will you be looking for a new front man for your lobbyist organization, or will you try to protect Trump?
How dare you treat my senator like you did. California will remember this..your passport to california is revoked.
want to see real justice while there is time.  Obama, Lynch, Rice, Comey, Hillary, Brennan. How do they get away with all they've done?
Senator, counting on you to keep your Dogs on a leash. lol  You can do it.. I'm trying to have faith in you. What I mean by trying is WE...
@marcorubio @TGowdySC @ConawayTX11  @DevinNunes @SenTedCruz  @ChuckGrassley   Hillary, Lynch, Rice, Obama, Comey, Brennan; Investigate Now!
@marcorubio @TGowdySC @ConawayTX11  @DevinNunes @SenTedCruz  @ChuckGrassley  All of u sucked into this Fake Conspiracy. So many more issues.
@marcorubio @TGowdySC @ConawayTX11  @DevinNunes @SenTedCruz  @ChuckGrassley  WHERE is this? Investigating?
My understanding you found no fault Trump asking the Dir of FBI for Loyalty. You're wrong sir. IC comm isnt partisan. Loyal to Constitution!
You see no wrongdoing in a president suggesting FBI Director drop criminal probe of a close associate? SHAME ON YOU #BURR.
Unacceptable they refused to answer our US Congress.
You need to take a seat, Senator~your shameful treatment of @KamalaHarris was beyond the pale! Your condescending attitude is beyond rude!
How about letting my Senator ask her questions like the experienced prosecutor she is, w/o the overt sexist interruptions. 
It's a thought.
@realDonaldTrump did no wrong. He's working his ass off trying to move OUR party agenda and you republicans on the hill are fighting him.
Don't try to cover up or gloss over the illegal activities of the incompetent fool, mr lying trump
If you think grassroots republicans will ever support you on anything in future you're wrong. @realDonaldTrump has 80%+ base support.
yes please try and not interrupt the women in the room old man , thank you
I was yelling at them from my sofa.... I was wondering WHY you didn't say anything sooner.  Kamala Harris is such a nasty person.
Thank you so much for speaking up today during Kamala Harris' RUDE TAKE DOWN of the men testifying! All the DEMS were extremely RUDE.
If this isn't obstruction of justice, I don't know what else is! Your comments are ridiculous!
You're Embarrassing.  Space boy should have answered the question like the senator asked and you scolded her like she was a child.
can you do us all a favor and show a little respect to the woman on this Cmte. We are in 2017 and women have a right to speak
Will you be the first Republican to be noted in American History curriculum as having put Country &Constitution before party?
We are
U continue 2 obstruct this committee-what are u afraid of? The American ppl will not forget how u conducted urself during this horror show!
I thought we are Americans... another case of Party over Country. Shameful.
Did @KamalaHarris use words you couldn't comprehend that must be the reason for your disgusting behavior !
"I Expect Loyalty"
Trump: The Military Would Not Refuse My Orders Even If They Consider Them Illegal
#ComeyHearing
http://www.mediaite.com/tv/trump-the-military-would-not-refuse-my-orders-even-if-they-consider-them-illegal/ …
Please keep that in mind, sir. That's the sinister brand of "Loyalty" he expects of all who work with + for him. 
War Crimes. 
#ComeyHearing
Anyone fired for being 'disloyal' (incl Comey, Yates) had conscience, ethics, morals+refused to 'follow orders'.
Trust Comey, not Trump.
Any news abt Trump's tapes?
Please do your damn job. You look like another Trump lackey at this point. Stand out from your GOP colleagues and have a spine.
Fast tracking the health care plan is unacceptable.  If you are to determine life and death in some cases we deserve appropriate debate
Angus king was the real patriot compared to ur partisan embarrassment!
I have tried to believe that you are a man this will stand up for his Country before Party.  I can't do that anymore.  So disappointed.
What is up w/ you, Sen.Burr-people are aware, Sir-U are only allowing one round of questions to Comey tomorrow.  Not fair or right.Do better
Kamala Harris was doing her job and you shushed her.  Why weren't the men silenced when they talked?  Great that she persisted.
Ur not even interested in the truth. Party over country! Partisanship over patriotism! SHAME ON YOU!
So u finally get Comey on the stand tomorrow & ur only allowing 1 round of questioning? I don't want answers? Wow! No patriot here.
WHY are you only allowing 1 round of questions tomorrow? I thought you were on side of TRUTH, not Party! WHAT ARE YOU HIDING?
Please allow for a second round of questions. The people need and deserve answers.
Your rude and unprofessional treatment of Senator Harris today was egregious! Let's hope an apology has been given !!
Country over party, Senator. And please treat your entire committee with respect. @SenKamalaHarris and the country deserves better.
Anyone that answered Yes Or No today would have set themselves up for more private conversation questions with POTUS That door needed closed
orders if he knows. Two sides to this coin, time for you to flip it PLEASE. Only fair, Dems are taking over, biased today for sure.
Tomorrow we expect you to ask Mr.Comey if he's aware that Susan Rice Unmasked US Citizens and released it to press under whos
@KamalaHarris was doing the same job in the same manner as her male colleagues. You were out of line. #LetHerSpeak
Do your job.  Treat Rogers and Coats as you would have if they were protecting Hillary Clinton or Barack Obama.  They would be in jail now
Senator Burr where is you honor as a man, a citizen and leader?  You should be ashamed of the way you treated Sen Harris but excused Trump
Watched todays hearing & can only hope Burrs misogyny doesn't show as it did with Senator Harris. Burr needs to apologize to the smarter sex
I think you just lost your job today.  You must be implicated! #pipedown #TrumpRussia
The longer you Rs keep choosing party over country the more you have to fear from not having that choice any more. We will take you down.
You're an embarrassment to America.  Stop playing partisan politics and do your job.
Senator Burr, on live television you attempted to silence senator Harris. At no time that I witnessed did you do that with any other member.
It made you look chauvinist and partisan.
You've already commented there's no wrongdoing? Our country and NC deserve impartiality from you, not prejudgment.
Will you stop shushing the women Senators and allow them to get their questions answered.  Zip bud and let others speak. You were very rude.
