Mr. Risch, a mob boss meets with you and asks you for a favor, then says "You've got a nice family, I sure do hope nothing happens to them".
I'm sure you see no issue with that, right?
Cearly you did your partisan "role" with your line of questions & Comey did his patriotic "job" under oath. #Commonsense
SIC goes to closed doors, get facts and do the right thing. At the end of the day, Trump is wrong this is about .Restore confidence in 
As an Idaho native disappointed
I am embarrassed & outraged to be your constituent. You have lost integrity and I HOPE you get voted out!! Awful!
You know full well what "Hope" meant, he gave him an order.  Your playing to your base. Worried they still support Trump. Sad
Do you not feel shame? Or you are literally this dense. He asked everyone to leave the room and told JC I hope you can let this go. Cringe
Pitiful performance
Risch is clearly being blackmailed or bribed by Russia, just like the RNC and all senior Repubs and WH
No one has ever been charged with obstruction for "hoping"--sir, you are completely full of crap.  STOP DEFLECTING!  Country over party!
A CEO wants something done they say do it! TheyDON'T say I hope you do it!Don't be so ignorant. Also Trump was not under FBI investigation!
go back to your potatoes and stop supporting someone you KNOW is as crook and conman.  you know.  Yes you do.  Stop lying. Stop supporting.
Subtext is a thing, I hope you learn about it some day. #blindbypartyloyalty
We hope you gain a consenus we hope you don't destroy our democracy, we hope you constituents see this for what it is, #tostupidtogovern
If a boss told employee, "I hope you'll have sex with me," it would be harassment. "I hope"=real pressure in this case.
is think truth and the AMERICAN way would be your guiding force. NO! you genuflect to an orange idol @realDonaldTrump 
who won't save you
Lived Boise 03-06; 1 of many reasons left was GOP saturation but never dreamed would allow autocracy Frank Church rolling over in his grave.
Very poor
Pathetic performance "hope" you get voted out ASAP #obstructionofjustice #ImpeachNow #CountryOverParty
Pathetic questions. #Comey LIAR & LEAKER. Not a single question abt unmasking. Trump suporter's ANGRY. We won't forget. GOP #DrainTheSwamp.
I
Definition of hope - a feeling of EXPECTION and desire for a certain thing to happen.  I "hope" you will come over for dinner tonight.
I would like you as my attorney but in this context , you suck !
@SenatorRisch I "hope" U never get re-elected! I "hope" your constituents get a Sen that values people over party. U sir, r a total loser!
My Response: The MOB aka RICO
Risch is a joke.  Doesn't listen to his constituents.  Time to get rid of him!  I hope we can do that next election.
U r an embarassment, how did u get elected, a miracle? Thank you for remindind how not to waste time visiting ur state
The "I hope..." logic is sad. Words must be understood in context. Not all of us are Amelia Bedelia. #ComeyTestimony
Stop trying to cover for Trump. You're you need to be an American forget about the Republicans do your job
Really?? Lets split hairs in attempt to put party over country. You should be ashamed of yourself, but you're justa piece of  #VoteThemOut
I "HOPE" all the GOP members who keep covering for Trump, ALL go down with Trump.
Watching his extreme partisan questioning makes me happy I didn't vote for him. Will be happy to work diligently against risch re-election
The same as when he said "better hope I don't have tapes" clear threat- clear obstruction- twist that one Mafia tactics
R you kidding what do u think he really meant "I hope he's see your way in letting him go" anyone in their right mind knows what that means
@SenatorRisch more embarrassment for Idaho. Resign Risch
Kamala  Harris just blew you out of the water with her opening statement about a robber w/gun "I HOPE you will give me your wallet".
I'm a prof who caught a student plagiarizing & I say, "I HOPE you'll stop it"
@SenatorRisch says, "Student shouldn't take that as direction"
Partisan hack.   Leading testimony to suit your narrative instead of asking any question of substance.   Such a joke of a senator.
I HOPE you don't get re-elected....
Or would Idaho "...will let this go."
I hope not!#softball #ihope
COUNTRY before PARTY!   Time to vote all of these TRAITORS out
Party over country. #Traitor you were elected to represent the people not cya with a corrupt administration.
Old fart needs to retire
Perhaps Idaho voters will assist in his retirement.
Loyalty to country first. Hopefully patriotic Idahoans will remember this.
Did Sen. Risch just say trump doesn't have a good grasp of language and is stupid on protocol and law? Good President?
You should be ASHAMED of yourself for attempting to cover up #ObstructionOfJustice. Comey was clearly fired for refusing to end Flynn invest
Ask "Since you still feel reporting the FBI continuing to investigate Clinton proper, why not report the Trump investigation as well?"
Let's see:  I hope you're voted out. I hope Idaho grows a pair and elects someone who will represent truth. I hope.....
Hahahahah youre actually retweeting stuff during the live testimony !
"I hope" you retire asap
You go Girl!ยก
Your questions are disgraceful. You are there to investigate, not cover up. You are complicit in the Trump administration's crimes.
So @potus just called his buddy Comey to meet privately to ask for loyalty and muse over his "hope"? Is that the party line?
this old F needs to be removed! Obviously not looking at this with OPEN MIND. Appears to definitely want Trump cleared.
Wasn't rosenstein on board before comey left ? If he felt so strong ,isn't it comey responsibility to notify wh counsel
Trying to say since 45 only said "I hope u" instead of "I want u" doesn't mean he was only asking/not telling. UR a party B4 country traitor
Stop reading into what was said and not said.
"Stop reading between the lines and understanding the unsaid." Damn why don't we teach this in school lmao
Good job, @SenatorRisch, at extracting a deceitful, out-of-context sound bite.
So if someone says they "Hope" bad specific bad things happen to you, there is no need to investigate threats?
U R DISGUSTING! The way u treated Comey was awful! Does Putin have u in his pocket too?? How many meetings with the Russians have U had???
@visitidaho  YA'll need to boot this crooked man! Brown nosing 45 over the good of our country! WTH
You shared this? YOU SHOULD BE EMBARRASSED by this! What does Trump have on you? #kompromat or do you have a crush on him? #ComedyDay
Way to try and throw America under the bus. #complicit #countryoverparty
REALLY?!! "Hope"  if this was a boss at a job and the employee got fired the SAME way this would be an HR nightmare!! This was CLEAR order
Iowans must be stupid?
Rebellions are built on hope.
This tweet, best of the day. Absolutely what we all needed to hear. #NeverthelessShePersisted
You suck!
Jim-what the hell! "I hope" needs to be taken in the context of the discussion, not looked at under legal ramifications. Loyalty matters.
Loyalty to the American people, nor the President and not your party.
Way to choose party over country, Risch. 
U R NOT an American! U want Russia to run our country! U should be ASHAMED of yourself!
