You care about life, but take away healthcare, and remain silent about children being denied refuge from the horror of war.
You're a liar and a hypocrite. If you care about life at all, PROVE IT.
Thanks for standing with life! I assume that means you are going to #SavetheACA so that 20 million #Americans don't die.
When did you grow a uterus, Ken?
I didn't know one had to have a uterus to be #ProChoice I'm just a guy who thinks women should be able to make their own decisions
My mistake, thanks for standing with us!
we all need to stand together. Especially now. Have an awesome day!
You too, Ken!
You are so confused.  This was march for birth then just let them flounder without any additional support/care.  I vote Choice
I expect you to uphold the laws of the land and #RoeVWade. You have no business telling me what to do with my own body.
Thanks @SenatorRisch for your efforts!
the hypocrisy, if you remain silent on the treatment of all lives you will be voted OUT of office.
thank you!
Jimmy looks like you need to read your comments.  Most think you're wrong to support "Pro birth and abandon".
Life continues after birth. Do you support life after birth?
Thank you @SenatorRisch for your #ProLife leadership! @March_for_Life
Still silent about the #MuslimBan. Shameful.
Thank you for standing for life!
What?  You are standing for birth and abandon!  Change the name for what it is - alternative truth...
That's great! What about the lives of the born who Pres. Trump's turning away? Speak up for them! #RefugeesWelcome
Thank you for your strong leadership and priority for life.
I assume you also support increased access to contraception & sex ed, since they're most effective ways to reduce abortions!
Yes!  And we must protect life for generations to come.  Vote no to Pruitt who does not understand the importance of health for all.
You guys are the REASONS people need abortions. We don't even have healthcare my dude
interesting..not a single mention of the #WomensMarchOnWashington ?? You must have been swallowing by the Trump bubble #Resist
What about the lives of the born? Your yes vote on DeVos is a vote against our LIVING children!
y'all know damn well the GOP doesn't give a shit about those kids after they are born sick, gay, trans, black, poor
please defend the education of the children born.please oppose confirmation of Betsy DeVos.She is not qualified.

What about the lives of the already born? What are you doing to ensure every American has access to affordable healthcare?
Do you stand for all Americans after they leave the womb, or is that not in your scripture?
If you want to support life, support sensible gun restrictions and health care for all
What about actual children who are alive? Do you care about their access to healthcare, clean water, good schools, a planet...
REJECT THE CONFIRMATION OF BETSY DEVOS
But not the already born w/ cancer & no health insurance. Or live amidst constant death in Syria. You are #probirthnotprolife
But screw those with insurance, you are damaged
What gives you the right to tell a woman how to handle her pregnancy? Whatever happened to smaller gov't? #republicanoverreach
what about the lives of the BORN? Stop afterbirth abortion of the medically needy. No ACA repeal! No caps. No PECs. No blocks.
But not the lives of those already born, you hypocrite.
when will you start defending the lives of the born?
how does that work senator when ur taking health care away from millions.  You are a fraud. You should be ashamed!
you are not for life when you vote to end healthcare for 25 million. 45,000 will DIE every year.  #notforlife #notprolife
.@SenatorRisch once they are born though, they are on their own huh? What about their mother's health? Oh right, u don't care
can you say you are pro death penalty
Do you also defend them after they've been born? What about healthcare or livable wages?
You're on the wrong side of history. Why is your religion trying to become my law? There's a word for that. Sharia.
will you also march for the lives of those children who are living and not members of the white middle class
If you stood for life you wouldn't be so keen to take away everyone's insurance, you fraud.
that's fine..no prostate care and no limp dick pills for you..since we're each taking control of the others bodies
Your forced-childbirth approach only harms and endangers more people.
I wish you had as much respect for the lives of the born.
taking away healthcare w #ACA repeal and blocking refugees fleeing wars from finding safety in US? That's not pro-life.
Then please fight for affordable health insurance for all.
You're voting to steal life from millions who'll die without the ACA. Your morality doesn't extend to the living, it seems.
You aren't too bothered about the lives of the born, though, are you? Real people need healthcare. Why stand in the way?
How about defending lives of those already born instead of working to take away healthcare of 20 million? #ACA
So you can take their health insurance away and watch them starve and die. You are the worst sort of hypocrite, sir.
you're pro man, pro controlling women, and pro birth. You didn't give a damn.
you say you're pro life yet you plan on taking away healthcare to 29 million people #hypocrisymuch?
What about once they are born? Hope their moms don't put them on ACA or Medicaid. Shame on you.
Then stand for the #ACA and improve it. Healthcare is life.
Wish you cared more about kids that are alive instead of the unborn. You allow refuge children to die & take away health care.
How are we going to help the already born Syrians & others fleeing violence? #RefugeesWelcome #NoBanNoWall No $15 Billion Wall

#MarchForLife #IStandWithPP #ACARepeal #RefugeesWelcome #ProLife #BLM #FlintWaterCrisis #gunsense #womensright 
except for children refugees wanting come here!
And what will happen to the lives of the millions of people who will lose their healthcare? Why are YOU not defending them?
You do know Jesus didn't like hypocrites, right?
Republicans are only "pro life" until someone is born, then they are on there own.
If only you cared about the BORN half as much as you do the unborn
how can you stand for life when you want to take health insurance away from 29 million people???
How will these mothers and their unborn children receive heathcare? What about this child's education? Hypocrisy.
You repub hippocrits are all the same. Love the fetus, hate the baby.
But after they are born you don't care.  Pro-Birth Hypocrite.
What about the already born? What are we going to do to help Syrians & others fleeing violence? #RefugeesWelcome #NoBanNoWall
But after they are born, you cut food-stamps, don't fund public schools and don't provide basic healthcare.
What about the lives of us with pre-existing conditions? Access to AFFORDABLE healthcare?  Or do we just die?
you will kill thousands by repealing the ACA. Also, how many unwanted children have you adopted? Hypocrite.
Let's make sure that the "born" can have health insurance, OK?  Repealing the ACA will kill over 40,000/year, hypocritical.
Thank you for your white, male perspective. We don't have enough of that.
what about the babies and kids who are already here who's benefits you want to take away!? Don't they count too!!?
"However, if you die later of a congenital health issue, well, that's on you.  Couldn't give a crap.  Toodles!"
What about after they are born? Do they deserve healthcare, education, not to live in poverty, an unpolluted world.
Defend the unborn, take healthcare away from the born. Fucking hypocrite. How many of your mistresses have had an abortion?
Make sure you defend the lives of the already born as well please.
I, for one, am sick of men like you. Separation of church & state. Let women make their own personal CHOICES. We won't go back
.@SenatorRisch Doing God's work by denying care to 29MM people. As Jesus said, "fuck those gross people. Let them die."
All you proBIRTH phonies trout on about the sanctity of life. But once the child is born you give zero fucks about them.
Keep your theology off my biology! You have no right to decide or take away my freedoms
To prove that you are pro-life, be sure that there are systems in place for food/clothing/shelter of your forced births.
healthcare? Or nah…
then please also stand with the 30M+ people you are trying to take healthcare away from.
How are you defending lives when you're taking away 29 MILLION people's access to affordable health insurance???
but fuck em all once they're born, right? who needs health insurance!!
what about the lives of children who are hungry, neglected and abused everyday in this world? How are you helping them?
Do you also support access to universal and affordable pre-natal healthcare? What about govt assistance for children/families?
Is #MarchForLife pro-Obamacare? It it in favour of police reforms to avoid unnecessary shootings? Is it pro Syrian refugee?
What about after they're born?  You don't give a crap about what happens to children then!  Hypocrite!
lmao what about people that need health insurance you hypocritical megalomaniacal pissbaby
If you really cared about life you would do something to help all the children in desperate need of healthcare, but you don't
You are only pro-birth. You do not support education, healthcare or other basic services needed by children of all ages.
Then why are you taking away children's health care?
What about the millions that will lose healthcare if the ACA is repealed?
begging th q fallacy: unborn == life
but only the "unborn". Once they're born no affordable healthcare, gutted public education, poor access to food, no safety net
Since when does taking a stand involve actually taking AWAY people's health care?
so you can kill them later with no insurance or safety net benefits, right? Put a sock in it, dude.
I stand with those who will vote you out of office. You live a life of shame and hypocrisy.
Proud your party is full of hypocrisy? After they're born, forget them!
Liar, liar. Ending the ACA shows that you hate babies.
babies need healthcare.
And I stand with those who will ensure you don't serve another term in office.  My body, my business, ny rules.  Keep off.
..........once they're born they can fend for themselves though?
You are PRO-BIRTH. GOP cares nothing @ the life of these babies!Where will these new babies get their healthcare? #yousuck
.@SenatorRisch Any statement on the thousands of Idahoans who gathered for the @womensmarch last week?
then as soon as they're born, they're on their own...
.@SenatorRisch until/unless they need affordable prenatal healthcare.  Then you're all pitchforks and torches hypocrite. #IStandWithPP
And you have a good ACA replacement plan, right? Can't wait to hear it.
YOU LIE
only the unborn though right? Once they're born fuck 'em!
Why? Your perspective does not align with the American people's perspective or data. When it's illegal, it becomes UNSAFE.
What about taking care of them after they're born?  That's when they really need your support!!
Why don't you start by defending the lives of all Americans by getting cheap healthcare for everyone?
But it's ok for people to die because they have no insurance? You're not pro-life.
pro life until they are born. Then they can get sick and die for all you care.
.@SenatorRisch But fuck the kids with preexisting conditions who need health insurance, right? #hypocrite
Hypocrite! @SenatorRisch stands for life before birth, but don’t care about millions of citizens without insurance.
I stand with #MarchForLife & thank those who have gathered in DC today to defend lives of the unborn.
You cannot speak for the unborn; you cannot deprive them of their rights before they are born. Defend living women's rights.
If you care so much about life why are trying to repeal health care?
What about the lives of people who will die without insurance? What have you done for children in foster care?
I would also love to know what you've done for foster kids, sir.
So, you're also in favor of the social safety net, against war, drone strikes and the death penalty.  Right?  #hypocrite
what about the lives of the already born? You sir are a hypocrite!  #SaveACA  #MarchOfLies
by taking health insurance away from 20 million
while taking away their health care....
Then make sure those unborn have access to pre-natal health. Otherwise you are just Pro Forced-Birth, not Pro-Life at all.
Gotta crank out those taxpayers
