How stupid R you Sen? Can't obstruct justice if not under investigation. Trump Supporter's furious w/ Hearings.Treated #Comey like celebrity
If you think that @SenatorRisch knows what's really going on, you haven't been paying attention. Then again, here you are trusting Fox News.
@SenatorRisch Disgraceful. U know the hope comment 2 Comey was @realDonaldTrump order & threat, do it or else. Comey didn't, Trump fired him
Ridiculous statement by Comey. He was a prosecutor and he can't say if it was obstruction? "I hope" won't  and shouldn't get you charged.
Honestly you  afraid the President Would lie,what Like You 56yr old in charge of  F.B.I. What a weasel ,a real  situation will expose a fake
@foxandfriends @SenatorRisch @POTUS Mr. President needs to sue MSM for slander
GREZE THIS IS THE ONLY THING IN WASHINGTON THAT NEVER GOT LEAKED.......SHOULD WE GUESS WHOS SIDE ALL THESE LEAKERS ARE ON...NOT AMERICAS
Comey drug out the Innuendos & CLOUD of suspicion over Trump. He could have cleared up mths ago. But purposely DIDNT!
Saying wish or do it only shows Trump's ability to manipulate. There's no difference where culpability is concerned.
It's a matter of power over those under you and wielding that power to get what you want. Excusing everyone shows guilty conscience.
So why is "wish" different for Trump??
When a male boss says to his female subordinate "I wish you'd have sex w me" yep, she feels threatened. Risch, just ask those at Fox!!
Your blind loyalty to Potus is showing.  Tuck that back in and at least pretend you care about America.
At the time! At the time
I hope you learn words have more than one meaning.
You forgot to add at that time
Operative word here "was". He is now. #45MustGo
REALLY? "alternative reality" doesn't work on most Americans. Stand up for us, not for #LyingTrump
key words here "was not"
Not for him to say? ..... But, he said what Hillary did was criminal but, she had no intent. Lynch ordered him to change wording. WTF!!!!!

He is under investigation NOW for Obstruction Of Justice.
It was the Trump Campaign under investigation. I guess the name Trump was just there cause they didn't know what else to call it.
Your on the clock and that dumb question is the best you can do?
Several cases of "I hope" convictions have been found.
Not at that time...   To state he would meant  he'd have to make a statement later..  @TODAYshow
Wake& up smell the truth U freaky lobotomy walking  fascist liberals. America is tired of your ranting lies, let's #MAGA
Thank you for your questions today!!   @POTUS was correct it was a witch hunt! Shame on @FBI
He was expecting what all employers expect, loyalty.
Whether Trump was or wasn't under investigation this spring or even now is LEGALLY IRRELEVANT to the question of Obstruction of Justice. OK?
Why are there no hearings on the observance of Sharia Law in parts of the United States?
He's under investigation. If not wtf is Muller investigation
YES BUT FLYNN FUCKING IS. And when they get Flynn+Manafort for felonies, they might roll on Trump. #SHAME on you for #ObstructionOfJustice
Weasel Comey knows this is not true.
the fact that u r retweeting fox quoting you to POTUS should be enuf to show u r compromised. Not serving ID.
You doing exactly what Russia doers,just tweest 2justify corruption,demagogue's behaviour of Trump. Shame on you!!!!!!!!!!
As Russian immigrant who was brought with my familly here with help of president Nixon & Senator Rib. From Connect I am shocked
Gotta suck right now if your name is CNN.
Wasn't. True. 
Is. Also true.
Can I get you some straws for your #covfefe? Perhaps weak tea or some water to carry is more your speed? #ComeyDay
These people should be working on unravelling Obamacare before people do start dying in mass. Instead, they waste time on the witch hunt.
I wonder if you state that "you hope to serve the public" that means maybe you will, or maybe you won't?
Stop kidding yourselves FOX. Comey is kicking Trump in the teeth right now! #Obstruction #LiarinChief
However he did say his campaign was! This is example of one sided #FakeNews
Party over country. Are you sure you weren't a criminal defense attorney @SenatorRisch?
Directly back then ... of course not.  But the paper and money trail and 45's statements are getting closer to if not already investigation
Didn't Comey decide not to prosecute Clinton, twice?
He wasn't under investigation AT THE TIME! Fair statement. Now? Most likely.
I am so appalled by people like you,who willing 2destroy  this country&integrity of senate 2justify support 4corrupt, mafia type president
I was really "hoping" not to lose any more respect for you than I already have. 
But, he is now.
@SenatorRisch You understand that only informing your base of this detail is misleading. It's the truth, but not the whole truth. #ComeyDay
You're the definition of party over country
When an administration is under investigation it does not mean that the boss cannot be implicated in wrong doing. All stones will be turned.
Lol really good job getting a deceptive sound bite out of this, @SenatorRisch what a joke of a "civil servant."
I don't  think McMaster confirmed that transpired
Cherry picking? Fox News will be outed as a propaganda outlet, and a money laundering syndicate for religious right.
Hope everyone remembers, this statement not absolution. Just that Comey not a judge/prosecutor, to make conclusions.
You didn't ask any real substance like Mr. Burr. How disappointing. Politics/party had no biz there today. Poor Lady Justice.
Wow, can you ball wash trump anymore? As a republican I don't get how u can support this man who is wiping his ass with our constitution
Why would @potus ask Comey to meet in private, then muse over his "hope"?
What did @potus mean by "remove the cloud"?
Yeah, that's right. Only thing you can rely on is a fucking right wing propaganda machine. Faux News as credible as Trump #liars #twisters
Yes, not under counter Intel investigation. He never denied criminal. Put your balloons away.
I watched Lester holt interview he did not say he was fired becasue of Russia.Then nut job comment,is leaked i believe but could be mistakem
So he had a political reason not to state that in public
Complicit in deceit you are. The GOP TraitorS to the constitution are a bias of evil on this world
Oh, no!! It's Fienstine??  She's still living in the 1800's, and talking about the Civil War!!!
Will be so good to see the failing Fox, and lawmakers too cowardly to speak the truth, go down with this corrupt president. #JamesComey
Senator , let me explain this to you when Comey didn't execute " I hope" he was fired !

WOW #Comey says he took Trump's Flynn pressure "as a direction" 
Really, Senator? That "hoping" bullshit - you're going with that? Idaho must be SO proud (note the sarcasm). I'll work for your ouster.
Who do the American taxpayers sue for this colossal expense that the Senate is using to duck tax reform?
This morning u acted like u were really going to be aggressive but I was disappointed. Big nothing burger
Comey: "I took Trump's word as direction"
.@SenatorRisch #Trump says "I hope you can let this go" to someone he demanded loyalty from... & You think that's a friendly request?
Because your man is so corrupt, this the only straw you can hold on to. He's probably under investigation at this point.  Time will tell.
@POTUS wanted the room cleared.His intention was to coerce Comey into dropping the investigation against. Period.
Talk about coercion, how 'bout obamacare?  What I heard was "hope"
Oh, I see that you have a lifetime supply of Orange Kool-Aid, and have ingested it in such large doses that your prognosis is grim.
That all ya got? Koolaid! PLEASE do not breed
His team was under investigation. Still is. Words matter.
But he is under investigation now as testified.
Listening to you ask ?? We need an independent investigation!! Country before party!!  Thankful for senate democrats @SenKamalaHarris
Great job Senator! When u opened I thought you wanted to date him. Pivoted brilliantly. Nailed him at the end.
Not hiding your allegiance to the soon to be former President huh Jimbo? You're about to have 5 years of not getting much done for Idaho now
Cover up
I hope...... I hope the republicans grow up and stop acting like lap dogs...
I hope I hope that all GOP ARE VOTED OUT OF OFFICE.  What an obscene interpretation of presidential power abuse. You should be ashamed
hope and change.
He wasted his allotted time bragging about him
You are not a judge. And Comey is not on trial. But he states that he felt he was told. And because Trump minced words does not make it ok.
Yeah but he @realDonaldTrump then said he fired him BECAUSE OF THE RUSSIAN INVESTIGATION @realDonaldTrump is a liar and manipulator
Another nothing burger. I could have done a better job. The Dems have Pitbulls and Rep act like Pugs. Too PC. Very disappointing
the audacity of 'hope'
Disgusting the way you #SenatorRisch wants to coverup #Trump's intentions.
That's your biggest take-away. No wonder your ratings are sinking @FoxNews 
Big revelations NOW. Deny your addicts the important stuff.
Excellent "cross examination" !!! of bitter ass Comey.
Are you kidding? Is he defense counsel for the president? Get to the facts! Focusing on word "hoped" is insulting to Am people
Again I didn't know if it was being honest. Wait but he doesn't know him well enough.  But he lies.   Scum bag
Watch all Repubs that suck up to Comey & ask yourself WHY?? RINOs??? Deep state????
I HOPE this is over soon! Disgruntled employee
YOU FAILED YOUR NATION ON TV> good going.  When he goes down you will go too. Perhaps you will go first.
Just like Risch hangs a lot on 'hope', quite a bit hangs on 'was'.
Backing a bad horse Senator Risch....country before party...
If you could convict on hope we should've done so for the hope and change bullshit
Comey is a butthurt fired employee.. The end ...
If you support Trump then YOU ARE A TRAITOR!
RISCH IS A TRAITOR.. TRUMP IS A TRAITOR AND A LIAR!
Risch is good. "I hope..." - clearly not a direction & not obstruction.
Nixon wasn't under investigation initially either.
He is now.
Obama clearly knew this before 11/8/16 with NO allegations of collusion coming out. ONLY when HRC lost did the conspiracy theories begin.
Well obviously someone is tweeting for you as difficult to tweet and talk on live tv at the same time. Pathetic!
Lol what?
What a surprise...i can't believe they're having these hearings when there is not a fraction of evidence against Trump
so dam daming
Sen Risch-"AMERICA NEEDS MORE LIKE YOU"???????Spit out my coffee! THAT'S THE LAST THING THAT AMERICA NEEDS!!TRUTH is coming!
So far the one thing that's clear is dem politicians need to air their feelings.
His campaign was, though. That is: 

The #Trump Campaign.
They're so busy kissing each other's butts... waiting for the hugs and greeting card exchange.
Damn the liberal tears are falling everywhere.
Can this guy stick his nose any further up Comeys ass?
Trump tried to interfere in an ongoing investigation and he's a liar, fact
No fact if a butthurt employee cries about being fired for his opening statement
Oh he called a press conference more than any FBI director.
You gonna post anything else?  Like maybe how the president lied to all of us?
you guys are the absolute worst
Swallow that!! Move on now! All bullshit lies
Was is past tense guys 
lol Fox News keep succin dicc
Thanks for just now telling us. Trump is the president of the United States. He deserves respect. You let the media try to destroy him
The media?!... you are a traitor.
Has @FoxNews started going to commercial and overtalking dems yet?
Biased spin and skewed through the lens of a Trump fan. Watch the hearing yourselves.
That's because YOU could be implicated!!!!!
Good, case closed.  Let's wrap this up.


Yeah, nothing like trying to protect Flynn with a little obstruction. Trump's gang is under investigation, all stones will be turned.
How exactly did he stop the investigation?
Steele Dossier confirmed!

#Peetape
