Why should we bother. You will just mindlessly approve anything trump admin puts forth, no matter how bad the 'job-fit' is. #SuckUpsRUs
WITHOUT conferring with the IC! Without asking Israel if it was ok! You do NOT deserve to have that job! HE put the Israelis at risk and he
put the village where the undercover agent was AT RISK! So YOU CAN TAKE THE RESPONSIBILITY for that with all the troops who will die for not
getting future intel that can protect us and them! And here I thought it took INTELLIGENCE to be on that committee when all it takes is
Classified does not get shared with any one w/o US National clearance
The Intelligence Committee must act. 
The President may have the power to declassify information, but should he?   No one is above the law.
You're impressed with the Trump Administration's contacts with foreign countries? Are you complicit, or brain damaged?

Impeach that traitor now!!!!
Throwing national security away for the sake of Drumpf? Spineless & unAmerican. I'm going to support your opponent & I'm not in your state
Why be Trump's patsy?
You are a gross person
Our lives are in danger 
Impeach NOW
What is wrong with you
ACT
Help
#TickTock vote the traitors out
Are you going to go with the disgrace you call a party or with country?
TRUMP PUT OUR LIVES IN DANGER 
IMPEACHMENT IMMEDIATELY 
I DON'T WANT TO DIE
Resign
@SenatorRisch
Years from now, our kids will ask what we did to stop fascism. YOUR kids & grandkids will see you as an accomplice to fascism. #impeach
Suggestion....
Move to Russia.
You know your heart is there and not here.
Darling you are complicit with @realDonaldTrump. You are on the wrong side of history.
Contact REPUBLICANS DEMAND they IMPEACH 
They work for us
Force them to act
Call
Show up
Tweet
Facebook
You're a tool!!
When are you gong to call for a special prosecutor? tRump now leaking classified intel! #ImpeachTrumpNOW
Also, a suggestion,  just brainstorming here. Maybe the GOP should change it's color from red, to orange?
Red is completely appropriate since the @SenateGOP @houseGop Love Russia! #GOPcoverup
True.
But red also because they are bleeding out right now.

Our lives are in danger 
IMPEACH NOW
MAN UP
MY SON IS CRYING 
We are scared!
You sir are a traitor along with trump.
And you're a TRAITOR, JUST LIKE YOUR LEADER
Cmon @SenatorRisch stand up for your country!!  Trump is a traitor and a loser and completely unhinged.
I know I'm responding to an old tweet. Just wanted to tell you you're a worthless piece of  if you don't stop shielding Chump. Seriously.
Party over country.  Move to Russia
you are a sycophant & traitor

#resign
#ImpeachTrump
WTH is wrong with you? If it's walks like a duck....it's a duck. You are acting like a crook...
Old enough to remember this quote? I bet you are! "Well, when the President does it, it is not illegal?" #DoYourJob
Congress decides whether Trump's leaks to Russia are high crimes.

Not Trump.
So I learned tonight that you would support DJT if he actually did shoot someone on 5th Avenue. What a disgrace.
coward
people of America elected you to protect them foreign harm. You just agreed that damaging intelligence is ok 2 divulge if Potus Idiot did it
Omg stop excusing TRUMP treason!!! You took an Oath to protect tge US not the Orange Traitor!  IMPEACH HIM!
I have to assume you are also a Russian agent -- voters will not forget you endorsed Trump leaking info to Russians

Not your constituent.  But. Wow.  #complicit
Just keep digging that Republican grave, Jim. We will never forget your traitorous behavior. #TrumpRussiaCollusion  #TrumpCrimeFamily
You will go down with him you TRAITOR
Your response "the minute the President utters the words it's no longer classified"- U R so lacking in courage U R willing to put us @risk?
it's embarrassing to think a Senator would put an adversary foreign power over his own constituents because Potus has "rights" to do it
#GOPtraitors
White House defends Trump but doesn't deny he revealed classified intel to Russians: http://hill.cm/Jyyt1ie  
FakePatriot #KremlinKunt
Please don't reveal any classified information. Enough damage was done by the President
All you weak minded republicans who are too cowardice to stand up to Trump are accessories to the crimes he commits.
We true Americans demand an independent investigation into Trump/Russia. Do your job, Risch!
You are a traitor to this country putting party before country
#GOPtraitors https://twitter.com/Newsweek/status/864264140378038272 …. Shame on you.
Donald Trump’s former campaign chair Paul Manafort is now being investigated by New York’s top prosecutors http://bit.ly/2pOanZt  
Trump shared classified info, but that's ok because once he shared it, it was no longer classified? Really? Good God. Be a patriot.
You are an unbelievable coward
Hey, great catch on the Trump intel flak.  Just 'cause it's legal if he discusses classified stuff doesn't make it smart, Einstein.
Decision time, Risch. Do you stand for America, or do you support a criminal president just because of party?
So....are nuclear codes still classified even if Trump gives them to the Russians? Asking for a friend. And a nation. #ImpeachTrump

Be a patriot  Oh wait. You're just a tool.
When will you put country before party? Have you no shame?
You're a horrible enabler of a traitor.
Time to call it a day when you justify treason with Nixon's failed arguments.
We need A pres. who won't be declassifying the crown jewels of American intelligence, every time he feels the need 2 impress a world leader.
The fact a President declassifies something simply by choosing to tell it to somebody is precisely the reason Congress needs to act, & now.
If its declassified give detail to the people now. That should be no problem by your own words. Oh wait its still classified so he leaked it
U should be ashamed. He screwed our allies and jeapordized lives for his ego
Should the President share information that could cause death and destruction?  You are despicable.
You can get your tax reform and healthcare with President Pence. We've had enough. CUT TRUMP LOOSE.
What is wrong with you?
Resign! Resign! Resign you bloody fool
The people of Idaho have an asshat for a Senator.
.@SenatorRisch defends Trump revealing classified info to the Russians: "It's no longer classified the minute he utters it."

You are a coward re: Trump & Russia You should be ashamed and your grandchildren will spit on your grave, Jim.
Un American!
Men in POW camps are tortured and stay silent. What wont you do to stay in Trump's good graces? You craven collaborator.
I hope you lose your benefits when you lose your job.
.@SenatorRisch defends Trump revealing classified info to Russians: "It's no longer classified the minute he utters it" Sad! #Trumprussia
It's striking that as with Comey, immediate defenses from GOP are that he has legal authority to do it. That's...not a defense.
You will be held responsible for your complicity.
It is about time you develop some character! America kind of depends on it!
https://travelingpoet.net/2017/05/12/the-optics-of-trumps-january-27th/ … #18days
Shame on you for helping obstruct justice and destroy our democracy by not demanding an immediate impeachment of unstable treasonous #Trump!
Time to set these other matters aside and show us what democracy means when  a president is charged with obstruction of justice.
If u don't stand up & do right thing really soon, u won't even be able to get job at McDonald's. R U corrupt 2? #IndependentInvestigation
Jim we need answers to Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia Russia please
WH spox just admitted that Comey was fired to stop Russia investigation. 

Do your job, Senator.
You serve as Trump's lap dog and toady! Kiss your political career good-bye!The urologist called and said your sack has no nuts!
(That was you kissing Trump's @ss. By the way, you should wipe your lips off, they're kinda orange.)
All you want to do is cover up for him. Would he be so loyal to you--ha! You have no morals at all. Our democracy is in a major crisis!
Why are you in a hearing on Trump/Russia, and all you do is praise him? Nixon was a boy scout compared to Trump!
It is fascinating watching the GOP swamp sign their ResignationLetters at Senate Hearings by their despicable obstruction of TrumpRussia
After yesterday's FBI raids on GOP they're all going down. #trumprussia #russiagate #IndependentInvestigation
Despicable when you use a Hearing on Trump Ru intervention to kiss the Ring of Trump & Pompeo abides & attack Obama.  Say goodby in 2018
What about #ComeyFiring ? #TrumpRussia #IndependentInvestigationNow  do you even care about your country?
#GOPtraitors ignore truths https://twitter.com/Newsweek/status/864264140378038272 … they have zero patriotism?
Donald Trump’s former campaign chair Paul Manafort is now being investigated by New York’s top prosecutors http://bit.ly/2pOanZt  
If anyone believes world leaders are more confident in us leadership now than under BO you may not only be oblivious but certifiably insane.
Have you heard what other world leaders have said? If not I recommend a visit to reality sometime.
Thank you Senator. And circle the wagons, we under attack by the radical left.
#GOPtraitors ignore truths
Donald Trump’s former campaign chair Paul Manafort is now being investigated by New York’s top prosecutors http://bit.ly/2pOanZt  
@POTUS Pulled the trigger twice and wasted money both times! Your ok with gov waste I C! UR ok with bombing others land!#TrumpRussia #COMEY
What do the Russians have on you? #CoverUp #TrumpRussia
Yes, batting practice fastballs and politics. Obama raised us reputation in the world as per polling you lying lowly shameless sell out hack
Your question re: what the WH admin is doing global is so ridiculous! Focus on our safety at home! Russian influence! #TrumpRussia #COMEY
Wow! Still promoting the Russian bot conspiracy theories? How's that lobotomy working out for you?
Thank you for reminding us that Trump was  cozy w/ intelligence threats to the US - asking Russia to hack our election, promoting Wiki-leak
Trump hit the ground running before the election, with close ties to foreign sources of laundered cash for his own benefit (public record)
So Proud of our President when he didn't know the Naval Fleet were heading away from North Korea - Geographical Illiteracy is so Trump! Nice
What's the Risch position on appointing Putin pals to head Commerce & State Dept? Billionaires w/ stolen national resources gotta play?
How did you like the photos of Trump smiling and shaking hands with the Russians??
