Good thing for you that you are in your golden years... better get the fishing poles ready to go...might I suggest Canada? #Trumprussia
Blame the traitor? Sounds like that may be you sir. Country before party (and personal gains).
Keep defending him. Your career is over.
Good job defending Trump just ahead of the Obstruction of Justice news getting out. U really have a finger on the pulse of the cadaver, eh?
on T legality..and in some states you can shoot someone by whom you feel threatened ..does not mean it is moral or right
OMG. Sir, you are a deeply disturbed individual. GOP is lost at sea. Deservedly.
They're weasels cause they reported 2Wopo a legal action by the Pres? Rus. would have never shared that info w/US! Wakeup and smell the 
Disgrace to the Stars and Stripes

Where were all the leftys when Crooked Hillary sold 20% of Our Uranium to Russia?
you should do research rather than advertise your kindergarten level understanding of history
You choose to forget that the Democratic Party supported slavery. In fact till this day they still do. Encouraging dependency on government
My, my, my did we just hear your credibility flushing down the shitter too?
Immoral
Corrupt
you will regret this "bigly"
What you're saying makes absolutely zero sense!! You do realize not all Americans are Trump supporters and easily manipulated!
some of us even use our sense of ethics. Risch embarrassed us all.

Your comments were offensive and unpatriotic. Party over country.
"Hillary is not the weasel here. It is the ones that leaked her emails that is the traitor"

Wait...
This "POTUS can do whatever he wants when he wants" argument -- you're going to stick with that,  then?
astounding how these men denigrate our democracy
biggest traitor in US is @realDonaldTrump. He gives out top secrets for free to Russians at WH
You will be forever tied to this admin. When it sinks, you will go with it.
History WILL remember you as a traitor!
if it weren't terrifying for our nation, I'd watch them all drown
Birds of a feather.....
The Traitor is Donald Trump.   Please review the evidence and put country ahead of party.
It's saddening to think that you represent the party of this man.
they haven't been 'the party of LLincoln' since 1964.
OMG You have no legs!
Very disappointing interview, Senator. I hope will put your counties interest first. Your Pres is failing "biggly"
OMG! Stop embarrassing us! You're just as bad as Trump. Doubling down on your delusions. Just stop please.
How will you defend your name in the history books?
"You are a sad, sorry little man and you have my pity". #quote Buzz Lightyear
he has my everlasting contempt
Are you in league with Russia also??
You're embarrassing yourself in this interview. For Donald Trump. Have fun looking in the mirror and thinking about that.
I like how the leaker is the "traitor" in your world-not the guy who actually disclosed sensitive intelligence to an adversary. Shame on you
amazing isn't it? Risch lost his ethics and his mind.

Your performances were disgraceful. You'll be remembered by history as a pathetic lapdog to a man who is causing great harm to our nation.
Are you discussing the obstruction of the president? That seems like big news that you are ignoring
You better wake up before you go down the river along with Trump. You and all your cronies. You may want to start looking for a new job.
I'm so disappointed in you. The traitor/weasel you mentioned that leaked all the info was traitor Trump. Country before party.
Have you had a Town Hall with your district? Of course not...you are a Craven, Servile, Morally Treasonous ***hole. :)
I heard you stood up for our beloved president, Thanks!!
You're the traitor. For not standing for the people. Guess what, you're fired.
Thank you @SenatorRisch fighting for Americans and not corrupt like the others and the #fakenews
Oh Senator. Shame on you. You cannot be serious. This was an embarrassment to your family, your constituents, your church. Quickly stop
House and Senate Republicans are colluding with Trump to conceal Treason. Vote them out
It would be wonderful to live in a land where leaders had the courage to do what was right for the people. Instead we have Risch... a coward
Listened to you spew utter lies and falsehoods and you are obviously blind as to the President and your duty to the American people. #Shame
So your idea of a classified setting includes a photographer from TASS? Sad
Time to dust off the 25th Amendment for the sake of the country. #Blabbergate #TrumpLeaks #TrumpObstructionOfJustice #incompetent
I can't believe you advertise yourself going on nation TV to make as ASS of yourself. You are actually proud of your treason?!?!
You are just a big a traitor as Trump. The whistleblower is a true patriot. You make me sick. 
Risch, Your comments calling anyone but TRUMP a "traitor" were despicable.

Trump betrayed Israel.

#TrumpRussia
You almost sound compromised yourself keep obstructing your party will lose everything time for independent investigation pathetic
You are making a fool of yourself. This WH is melting down while you play the fiddle.
This is a good thing that @realDonaldTrump did? So no harm no foul? Grab'em by the p*ssy dismissed as locker room talk. Remove him!
This is what a liar looks like when preparing to lie to the country.
God Bless that "weasel".  That person is the true patriot, not the moron sitting in the WH trying to show off.
Shame on you. Trump over country? He was leaker all by himself AFTER facts came out. He's a danger to all. Who's side r u on you hypocrite!
You sir are a traitor! You're killing MESSENGER not concerned Pres compromised an ally revealed classified info jeopardizing us & Allies?
You are wrong, Jim. Those leakers are not traitors; they are patriots worried about American safety & democracy. You are the traitor.
Hillary used an unsafe computer and Trump shared intelligence secrets with our enemy, the Russians. Trump asks Comey to not prosecute Flynn.
Yeah live in alternative reality Senator shame on you  Do you job and fear God loser GOP
Trump has a right nay, a legal obligation to obstruct justice... Uhh to impulsively tell code word intel secrets to Russians.
Shame! Quit choosing party over country! The weasel is YOU!
Oh . The poster boy for Party over country is on CNN, dive bombing his own reputation!
Thanks for being complicit in Trump's crimes. You will face the voters soon enough.
A Mossad agent is likely dead & Iran now possesses Israeli intelligence. The only treasonous leaker is the one youre defending
You're the only weasel Senator
So, is Comey a "leaker" because he's revealing a criminal act by this president ?  One man's leaker is another persons whistleblower.
You sir, are the traitor for knowing deep down in your soul Trump is a fraud and a serious danger to our country! American before party!!
Shame
The only traitor in the White House is the buffoon in the Oval Office, and all the members of the GOP who support him.
What a dirty, unprincipled pig you are.
Have you ever taken donations or done business from anyone affiliated with Russian business or government? Did Sergei meet you at RNC, too?
Shame!
get a blow job get impeached give top secrets away get a blow job (that was rude, sorry.)
Another GOP traitor
Shame on you. COMPLICIT
Got any updates on your president's obstruction charges?  History will not be kind to politicians like you.
Your stance on Trump is disgusting. Obstruction of Justice calls for impeachment. DO YOUR JOB
TD is bush league. Blaming the media is also a bush league move
Step back and take a look. You're following blindly. Bad for you and bad for our country.
That's right a traitor leaked #TRUMP
You are an embarrassment for this country and the Senate.
Trump is the traitor and leaker in chief. You are wrong! Now he told Comey to back off of Flynn. Follow Russian money trail.
You're the weasel - shame on you for protecting a incompetent, dangerous president to protect your interest - COUNTRY B4 PARTY!!!!!
You did great on your reply to Wolf. CNN is trying to destroy the GOP. If we the GOP don't stand together we're doneTrump is are Pres.
You
How  are you going to blame Hillary Clinton for POTUS asking Comey to drop Flynn investigation?Check her emails maybe Comey's name is there
Leakers? More like HEROES! If not for brave whistleblowers we wouldn't know about all of the treasonous acts, lies, dysfunction in this WH
What do the #russians have on u? #dirtymoney? #gayaffair? #laundering? WHAT? bc we know had this been #HRC,@gop would have 100 probes by now
Somebody tell this idiot that the Russians are not our friends!

#SethRich
you owned @wolfblitzer . Amazingly intelligent interview. I thought he might cry when u killed his narrative
Where you defend the President sharing sensitive security info with a US adversary. Its pathetic
Party over Country is just the norm now in the GOP
Idaho should drop you like a hot potato.  Calling the press the problem not a traitorous president is party over country.  #Trumprussia
There you go again, proving Republicans place party over country! Trump lies to the American people DAILY. Your cowardice is nauseating.
Were you at least wearing comfortable knee pads, when you were sucking Trump down?
So you cover for Trump even as he endangers America and enables Russia? That's deeply pathetic.
WATCHED with hope that maybe some GOP would have ethics and/or brains. NOT you! HOPE you go as soon as possible! SHAMELESS.
How about thanking God we have whistleblowers as to trump et al!!!!
#traitor #partyovercountry #shame #liar
Your words will come back to haunt you! How's Comeys Leter to the FBI grabbing you right now! Retirement is your future! Shameful
Fool. Blaming leak. @potus is #traitor and so are you.
The republicans will not do well in 2018 or 2020. American people won't forget how most of you protected the WORST president EVER.
NY Times: Trump asked Comey to end Flynn probe. Republicans were the heroes off Watergate.  Today, they are complicit
Protecting A LIAR &Accomplices?  @POTUS Meeting Top Muslum Officials & Italy U think is a Good Thing? The Marches&Protests R Planned Already
Your actions and comments about this most serious threat to our security is not only appalling its dangerous.
I found the traitor. Hint, author of the tweet and subject of the interview. You, Senator, are an embarrassment.
The issue is Trumps mental instability, his lack of focus, inability to learn and his school boy desire to please Putin. Good God man!
asss like you give the little hope America can right this course they are on !!! Wtf is wrong w/Idaho that they wd elect someone like u ?
U weren't in the room. Y do u think u know how important it was 2 disclose classified info 2 enemy who hacked our election. Shame on u
I suppose NYT are traitors for new blockbuster... that Trump asked Comey to end Flynn invest.   RESIGN, Risch.
Rid him is definitely a pure ASSHAT choosing party over country
How can you be comfortable with providing once of information to the Russians without a thorough vetting of the info before its release.
I can't wait until it comes out that Israel will no longer share it's intelligence with the US due to Trumps Big Mouth.
Kiss ur political career goodbye!
Party over Country.
Another one boy's.
Remember his name.
"POTUS has the right to disclose confidential info" Yeah except that the dingus wasn't even aware he was. Completely careless.
Breaking news: Donny asked Comey to back off Flynn
And so if bombastic #DonaldTrump blurted out the nuke codes to the Ruskies, that would be his right as well? #Shameonyou
America has in the legislator system another traitor worst than the stupid, slimy, crooked like trump who probable touch your wife like he

What do the Russians have on you?!?#RUSSIAGOP
Obviously you are fine with giving our top secret information to our enemies.  A country who committed cyber warfare against this country.
Shame on you. Certainly U KNOW better. How dare you try pulling the wool over our eyes. That interview was a sloppy, lying mess. #Complicit
We Love You Senator thank you for your service.
This is either a bot or an idiot.
Some @GOP just want to destroy America and turn it into an ethno-state w/ russia. They are willing to say and do ANYTHING to accomplish this
I'm sure Russia will get daily briefings on every meeting he has during this trip. Who else is going to make sure he keeps his mouth shut?
U really screwed the pooch on the Wolf interview, Jimmy. U sure you are a politician?  I mean, can one be that clueless and get elected?
defended the traitor-in-chief... UNBELIEVABLE!
As an American, I find Senator Jim Risch's defense of @realDonaldTrump astounding and completely BS.  Reaffirming GOP = party/country.
some traitor? Trump is the traitor this is way worse than what HRC did quit putting party before country asshole
This is a big trip & he'll screw it up. Let's see how many hotel deals he will make while he's over there.
go pedal your deflections on Fox...its just what they are talking about.  Leaks...Traitor.
#45 didn't go through any process 2 declassify info that was divulged to his Russian handlers. You have shown you put party b4 Country! #cnn
U just lied to your constituents. US cannot share Codeword SAP 5 Eyes Only info with our ENEMY!!  PLEASE QUIT L YING to the public.
This is a perfect way for and only way Russia could take us out from within. Divide & conquer with a few well placed traitors
First, Clinton didn't disclose any classified information-There was no evidence of security breach-Thus the "no indictment"! Trump DID!
Disgusting!!!!!!!
Forgot  your a Republican  it's party over country  THAT WHY U WILL BE VOTED OUT
All these Left Winged Liberals are having nervous breakdowns. They can't think of anything else but Russia Russia Russia!
Blocking your nonsense now.
.@SenatorRisch Heard you on @CNNSitRoom. Depressing to see GOP happy to sink in the mud to enable a sick man so they can force a 1% agenda.
This guy called Trump a hero for leaking classified information to the Russians on CNN.
Thank you, Senator. I watch CNN lately 2see what they say. Your interview was very comforting. We need more like U
Are you kidding me!? Who's the traitor Jim? Who's the traitor!?  It's Trump!! Be on the honorable side of history!!! Speak up!! #nevertrump
Trump is a traitor and patriots are working to expose his treason to the American people!  The truth shall set us free!
you are the TYPICAL politician SMH country or party? You guys can't be for real, very disappointing.
I say u on CNN today on the Situation room. For u to stick up for Trump about Russia is why you wont win your seat in 2018. He did not let
Let in the USA press in the oval office with the two spies he did not share the visit with the public and he had the man that flynn got
Fired and u call the person that reported it to higher ups and they did nothing so he went to newspaper and u call that person a traitor.
U should really resign if u believe  trump was right ! I would love to see u cry if hillary did that REMEMBER  COUNTRY OVER PARTY
Whether someone tattled or not, trump gave them something to tattle about. #VoteBlue2018
'it doesn't matter if he disclosed it knowingly or unknowingly'... Hahaha ladies and gents, I give you the GOP. Wow.
You have got to be kidding me. Potus divulged secret info to the Russians! Not our friends Not our allies Not our partners against ISIS
