So Risch states that Trump says whats on his mind. So Trump is a lier, a bigot and bully. Risch seems alright with that.
Flashback....

#NorthKorea #N
Dear Fake News Media,

Instead of spewing your FAKE narrative about Russia & Trump today can you report on how North Korea got…
If it's that serious, grow a pair and criticize Trump, a weak foolish man with no courage & little understanding what he's got America into.
NK is the one itching for a fight & have been since the Korean War.
So the answer is to threaten imminent nuclear war? That's the answer? How about thoughtful planned response? Trump is a weak foolish man.
Distraction. Distraction. War with NK. No more investigations into this wing nut. How far are you all going to let him go.
Wag the dog?I wish!Idon't think Trump understands the escalation he's getting himself and America into.His comment was impulsive not planned
Most of his comments are not planned.   He definitely is not versed in the fine art of political negotiating.
Impulsive leader is VERY dangerous in touchy negotiations. Can undo all previous good that has been done.
What's YOUR solution B? This is a terrible position to be in. What is it? Trump is damed no matter what he does. So what is it?
Did he just watch Pulp Fiction? No shit Sherlock.
What is surprising is the lack of any action by the Chinese & Russia in trying to stop this when they started this whole mess years ago.
They only report opinion
Why they keep having this guy on is beyond me. About as stout as a wet noodle, takes a stand on nothing. Most of these senators are useless.
Then he and rest of GOP best control toddler in chief
Of course this guy is a Republican. Doesn't have the nerve to criticize Trump in any way, shape or form.
Apparently you don't give a damn about the USA, you're likely a benefactor of #RussianMoney
#NoOtherReason
John McCain  is a damn idiot if he thinks President Donald Trump is not ready to ACT! Anderson Cooper is a drama Queen Nut Job!!!
This idiot would support Trump right up to the mushroom cloud May God have mercy on the GOP and the evil they placed in the White House.
Sorry Doris, but I can't agree with you. If there is a god, he needs to give the GOP up to his counter part "down south" after dust settles.
Liberals have it under control!
Blood on your hands

Why can't he strike California or Hawaii? Guam is innocent.
Democuck's in LA would be a perfect target
@SenatorRisch keeps saying how serious this is...yet he doesn't have the balls to criticize Trump? This is ridiculous.
Criticize Trump for what. Getting stuck with a crap show after 25 yrs of ass kissing and ignoring the problem.Hoping it went away
Trump and N. Korea's leader are two insane s. Lol! Two dictators.
Everybody with intelligence and who watch elections  take place, know that other countries prepare for a war when a Republican enter office.
Risch is the besy Idaho can do, so SAD
2 school boys picking a fight with nukes, over nothing. My God, what has happened?
Another @GOP shill for corrupt @POTUS in @HouseGOP. Time to STAND UP for US and against this incompetent corrupt admin! We WILL remember!
Yet you will continue to sit on your hands! Congress is pathetic!
Shut up Rich and go back to sleep, let the big boys handle it.
Trump will start a nuclear war before he admits he got a golden shower by two russian hookers MAGA!
I shouldn't be. We've been kissing their ass and kicking the can down the road for 25 years and it's about to hit the fan
And who ignored the Norks for 8 years?  Who gave them their research reactor?

How can trump make these statements without consulting with congress or experts.Republicans have lost control of everything.
#25thamendment   We need you to do something instead of just talking about how unstable he is. #ImpeachTrump
now get behind our President stop the hate reporting
And take that furry loser W B with u
Agreed  so that said , CNN go report on the weather in Afghanistan!!!
You're scaring the crap out of all of us.
@SenatorRisch 1 - N.K."We will keep doing bad things." US "Pls stop." N.K. "Stop what? This!?" US "Yes, stop"
2 - N.K. "What?!! I can't hear you over our missile tests" US"we're cutting you off with our allies w/further consequence
3 - NK "we're going to antagonize more" Trump "pleases and diplomacy haven't worked CNN - "he's a damned savage!!"
Fake news!
What qualifies you to discuss the nuances of nuclear war?
American should not start what they can finish .
Has accomplished nothing so this is going to be a big distraction. He needs to be taken out of the WH in a straight jacket. Yesterday.
I'd like to apologise for the unabashed appeasement & deference my State #Senator has practised relative to the #Trump admin #NorthKorea
Well Crazy Chump ramped it up
Communicating? He speaks like a damn 6th grade schoolyard bully, and a child showing off to his gang while he's spouting dangerous rhetoric!
And he hopes Trump does something about it, but as all of us know, Risch included, "hoping it" does not mean Trump has to do something.
Good thing the retarded millennials decided not to vote unless they got free college.
MAYBE CNN WOULD RATHER TALK ABOUT RUSSIA? OR ARE WE GOING TO BE TRUMP FOR N.KOREA HAVING NUKES NOW?
Hey the states elected him. Just sucks your vote counts way more than it should.
Your non-answers were cowardly!
What a dumb statement.
How does this guy get appointed to the foreign services committee. He doesn't have an opinion of his own. Isn't that why he was appointed
I just hope the  people advising Trump aren't the same ones who told Bush that Sadam has WMDs.
Please god let North Korea fuck with us
Why don't you take the football away first. Give him a big golf ball. Tell him it's a new design. 

Senator, you and your Rep colleagues in the Senate will have to own up the POTUS rash overreactions, missteps, and blatant ineptitude.
Where is your dignity? Will u have the same response when innocent people lose their life over trumps tuff talk over tweet?
It he won't critique Trump's incendiary and dangerous rhetoric. Personally? I'm worried.
Jim Risch is my Sen. He is a fucking tool. Stop talking 2 him. Don't talk 2 any Idaho Repubs, all idiots blindly following Orange Dust.
Bull shitzer shot down again...
Well don't
Dear Senator with all due respect you are severely misinformed and removed from reality. Why do you refuse to protect our Democracy + ppl?
WHY DID YOU CHOOSE SEN. RISCH TO COME ON THE SHOW? HE LIED AND DODGED EVERY QUESTION.  BLINDLY FOLLOWING TRUMP WITHOUT A MIND OF HIS OWN
@SenatorRisch stop retweeting your TV face-time and do something to keep us out of nuclear war! You and 45 are both egotists!
This poor republican has no backbone to speak of - sad!
@CNN Hey Wolf as Risch why "he won't set there and be critical of the President" when all he did was criticize Obama everyday.
The leaders of North Korea and the USA are both crazy people bent on world domination.  They will get many killed
I cannot understand how you can defend the irresponsible babble that comes out of @POTUS mouth? Disappointed in your CNN interview
What good can come out of an mentally unstable egotist provoking another mentally unstable egotist #idiotpotus #realDonaldTrump
Really? It's a distraction from the investigations he's under. Carry on Special Counsel...indict Trump...problen solved. World is safe.
Sen Risch - you are a perfect example of a gutless, unpatriotic put- party- before country, soulless politician.
James have some backbone stand up to incompetence of yr POTUS !!!!!
Jim, you're extremely spineless, and devoid of morals, you're also sickening to watch!!!!!!
Get ready to jump some gullies boys and girls
Wow. James Risch is going to get blisters on his lips from kissimg trumps ass. Chap-Stik please.
So thanks for helping to put a man in office that will likely screw it all up.
Senator Risch, you're a part of the problem.  Get rid of Donald & put an adult into the presidency, then try lecturing us.
Is it not at all possible to get through an interview w/o slamming President @BarackObama??!! Soooo very PATHETIC!!!!!!!!!
YOU ARE A COWARD! Period!!!!! OMG, u do not give a shit about America or the world or ur own family. Wow!!!!
I hope in @CNN eyes its more important than Russia Russia Russia
CNN stood silent for 8 years while NOKO built up their program.
Awesome. Youve got your obama slam in. Now, when Trump gets thousands of innocent civilians killed - I can slam him. Isn't this a fun game?
You're really good at not taking a position on things!
If the White House wall could speak, it would tell Trump to shut up.
We all now wish Obama had balls to stand up to ANY other leader. His weakness caused this problem!
Get off the trump train! You sound as foolish as trump
Nobody wants to said anything about what the president is doing? They are afraid to express their views?
Idaho is close to west coast. Getting scared? Fallout?  Then impeach the incompetent nutjob in WH.
No to impeachment?  Then this is reg Trump MO distract from Mueller going through his taxes.  Let's bring him down folks  sooner than later
#can't stand the heat, get out of the kitchen!
I believe Mattis is prepared if Tillerson fails. Credit to Trump for strong advisors.
If Trump wants 2 take care of North Korea he should do it strategically & quietly. Instead he's treating this like a reality show challenge.
That's a novel idea! LOL Been tried for the past 20+ years. They built nukes while we talked. How many more nukes do we let them build?
This guy has nothing to say. Big Trump defender. Don't talk to him anymore.
Its VERY serious & past inactions have not worked. US must have a different approach to NK we must STAND UP. We can no longer kick the can
Agreed but Trump's blustery rhetoric is not the correct way.
What is the 'Correct way'? No one from any past Administrations seemed to know what to do. This situation has been evolving for years
@CNNPolitics @CNNnewsroom @AC360 @CNNSitRoom @jaketapper @wolfblitzer @SaraMurray @DanaBashCNN @GloriaBorger @niaCNN
3 approval polls in the last 24 hours show Trump at historic lows for this point in his term:

CNN—38%…
..and @CNNPolitics continues to try to weaken our president and therrefore make it harder to respond to dangerous things in the world.
it makes no sense 4 liberals 2 provide comfort 2 North Korea by constantly saying negative words towards our @POTUS.Would U rather B Korean?
Serious! Trump went on tv & threatened NK & told the world he's ready & willing to go to war! A nuclear war fr the sound of it!!!!
PLEASE GET CODE AWAY FROM THAT ASS
Less important then the Russians or Climate Change?!?
Senator what kind of diplomacy can makeup for a President who can't control himself.
TRUMP will not bend over like BARRY did.  Everyone is so scared, yet we have the GREATEST Military in the WORLD. STOP, COWERING...
@SenatorRisch you have the power to end this nightmare. #ImpeachTrump
North Korea threat total bullshit
DJT is unfit to hold the office....the trumpeters wanted him.... hope they are happy
I am very happy
No shit Sherlock! If trump is so obsessed with destroying North Korea he should move their and run it like one of his failed business 

He's changing the narrative and you guys are feeding it
凄さを宇宙中に知らしめてやりなさい。
Trump got this
Yeah, he's GREAT at communicating what's on his mind. The world has never seen such clarity as the day of COVFEFE.
朝井リョウ君、DNA鑑定をしてみるんだ。君はメシアの種を持っている可能性がある。同じメシアの種を持っている女性を探して不思議な力を持つ女の子を産むんだ。どこかの星に君を待っているメシアの種を持つ姫君がいるかもしれないよ。ついでにDの意志(JoJoの意志)を受け継いだ者の
Thanks @wolfblitzer 4 holding @SenatorRisch accountable for his idoitic statements about DT's declaration of war against NK!
This guy is as nuts as Trump!!!!  He can't criticize Trump!!!  What the HELL!!!!
He doesn't think this language is inflammatory???
TERM LIMITS
Too bad we don't have a serious commander-in-chief.
hmmm James how long have u been in office??? HOPE YOU & ALL YOUR FELLOW SWAP RATS R HAPPY U DID THIS YES U AND THE SWAMP W/OBAMA ON TOP
That's why Trump needs to keep his mouth shut
@POTUS needs 2b very skeptical about the new info on #NorthKorea 1-it came from WaPo-not credible,2-it came from US Intel-not credible
The Brave COWARD strikes again !!!
Especially with Donny on the button
Senator - you're a tool. Republicans in Congress - last I checked you were accountable for declaring war.  Trump beat you to it.
All of these innocent deaths @GOP are on you. POTUS has just engaged in a pissing match with a lunatic.
This guy is a cheerleader for trump, he don't give a shit about his constituents
They really want to run with this one, huh?
They're the definition of "ugly American".
war machine rages on! I loathe my own country just now. Trump would GLADLY attack NK to distract. I'm not biting! @GOP TIME TO INTERVENE
And CNN is going to make up a shit load to feed the ones they have left. Is sad that that's all there going to talk about for 6 more days.
Dan - so glad that Trump engaging in a pissing match with a lunatic bores you. Change the channel. I'm sure @FoxNews is talking about emails
Tell that to @chrislhayes who is making a joke out of it?  @GovMikeHuckabee
It's very serious, and we have a leader writing checks he can't cash unless people die. He's moved to a new and more dangerous threat TO US!
Yes he is I wonder if we go to war what all his foolish supporters will say then
Just imagine the felon Dr/black T shirt @ his last rally. Wetting himself he was so excited abt being "in 45s presence". That's his base.
Yes Yes
Canada is in play.
I think this topic is dire..
#imjustsayin
Serious enough ... y'all play dumb if y'all want to . I'm tryna give him Donald's address cause I value my life..
Boom I'll help.. I got paper pen and a stamp
 we snitching for the greater good of the country
Yes indeed. 
Common CNN you can step up the fear-mongering ...
Umm...Trumps just given a crazy man an ultimatum but CNN is the problem? Get real.
Well yeah, especially when you have a friggin President who wants war more than anything else in the world, and is DYING to use nukes!
More serious than a year of Russia force fed down my throat night in day out Sunday morning show after Sunday morning show
FAKE NEWS! FABRICATED, OPIONATED, NEWS IS ALL YOU WILL GET FROM THIS FAKE NEWS OUTLET! TABLOIDS ARE MORE TRUTHFUL THAN CNN!
Ohh good god it gets so damn old hearing you guys spew the same damn thing. Do people like you ever get tired of being so damn idiotic?
The Libby's want us to go give fat boy Kim a hug and hope he decides not to kill everyone. #LiberalLogic #LiberalLunacy
RIGHT! THE LIBBYS WOULD ELECT AND PROMOTE KIM JUNG EEL PRESIDENT OF THE USA! Lol
And your President is golfing?
Looking forward to you serving our country. Signing up today?
