small businesses are not the engines of America it's the proud working people that are
who writes this crap for you?
CORRECT!
So why not a graduated business tax like personal tax. They will never compete with the monopolies who fund your campaign.
We are trying...Bicycle Efficiency and Safety. Worth a look. New Industry for all rolling applications. #britek Never Flat.
big business steal ideas from smaller business. Bad very bad
European countries with universal non-employment based health care are kicking our butts in SB startup, and you want to make it worse. @VP
if u care about small business then maybe stop meeting w CEOs of companies that caused small business to fold
@SenatorRisch. Senator why did you retreat this?  Are small business more important than Veterans dying?  Jim Risch works against Trump
then why do all your policies hurt small businesses while aiding global conglomerates????
Ok, can you give us a plan? @VP
@DarrenMole  Show us the statistics on that one. It is like the jobs Trumspicable creates. DISH WASHERS and  cleaning staff.
So you administration goes after highschool bathroom usage? Time well spent. The kids need to be taught a lesson. #NoHate #Free2Pee 
@SenatorRisch then create tax reform that allows that engine to keep running. Hint- It won't be by dismantling the EPA or the ACA. Plan?
but you are giving tax cuts to big corps and deregulating so they have all the power. Trickle down economics is a failed practice.
then why are you supporting the super rich? Oh because they fund your campaign? Don't worry, there won't be another campaign for you!
Save the Inventor!  We inventors are the heartbeat of small businesses.
.@VP @SenatorRisch Yep, and you know who needs the ACA so they can take those jobs and still have heath care? Employees of small businesses.
So what are you going to do about it?  All the money is going to the wealthy and big corporations.
The same small businesses that Trump Enterprises stiffs every day.
And the ONLY way to boost that is to END the short term mentality on Wall ST! #ItsTheMentalityStupid
looks to me like Wall Street and bid Pharma
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @WhiteHouse i still disagree here, cause i want big business to thrive too
mom mom
@SenatorRisch FYI: most Americans work for large corporations. #fakenews
@steph93065
Lay off the amphetamines when you're traveling, Mike. You're tweeting like a speed freak. #NotMyPresident #JustSayNo
pbfttt
you guys rock!   Thank you
Did Donnie steal your phone? You sure are tweeting a lot more than normal.
3M Loser Lapdog
jeez your PR machine went nuts today - how many tweets is that? Trying to distract from @POTUS tweets?
unless you work for trump. Then you're screwed.

wrong. Consumer purchasing drives the economy. 20% tariffs won't help. Sorry.
Not if the businesses are not willing to pay decent wages.
@beckmansasikter #lastnigjtinsweeden what happend?
no, We the People are the engines If you deregulated all that makes us safe &fair, we will turn the engine off sending you Russians home
yeah small business run by immigrants, those don't count thought?
Talk is cheap we want action!
that's nice
then why doesn't he pay these small business what he owes them, oh it's a do as I say not as I do, Sad
But, that won't stop you from giving tax breaks to the top 1% only.
It's amazing what can be accomplished when you actually WANT to help Americans not just globalists,Soros & World Gov.Thanks Mike! #MAGA
No, that would be PEOPLE!!!
Other things that provide job prosperity & growth: a living wage, insurance, unions, and tolerance/acceptance of those not like you.
Help us grow small business
small businesses have a hard time offering health insurance. Republicans block any attempt to make a national health service.
But you only help big corporations
You are the sugar in the gas tank of that engine--the plaque in that heart that kills jobs and prosperity and growth. @GOP wake up!
Thank you #MAGA
try not to fuck 'em over
#MAGA #CREATE C-Collecting R-Raw E-Explorations A-And T-Transforming E-Extracts
yeah because all your billionaire friends sure dont
probably be better off if trump went back and paid all the small businesses he has screwed over the years. You sound ignorant
Words are cheap. Stop tweeting & get to work.
I get it now.  That's why it's important to dump coal waste into streams and rivers.@realDonaldTrump @GOP
Coming from the mouth of the second biggest liar ever born....#dumptrump #dump_pence
man. You're really rolling out the tweets today. Boss man's thumbs wearing out?
why do you need prosperity and growth if your government have not solidarity with people's dreams? 
#Trump the most hated president ever
We must that small bisniss to be prosperiti after Obame taht is sporazum imedzu menje i savih u white house and usa.
@POTUS It's SO wonderful to finally have a team of leaders who REALLY GET IT!!!  Thank you!
Regulations are killing small businesses. We are ready to get to work.    Thank you Sir.

so, are you supposed to be the voice of reason?
I didn't know you were coming until today:( I would've definitely come.
Are you going to stop subsidies to big corporate farms and make being a small farmer great again?
spare us your political bullshit and get people healthcare
trump and pence are a whole friendlier to small business than obama,obamas taxes on small business is what drove them out
Where did you study Economics?  Disneyland?
der mittelstand ist das herzstück jeder wirtschaft
The dollar needs to fall to trade. İt's value is too high. For exportation. Have a good luck.
Why don't you help them instead of big banks and the 1% then? Right ... just lip service. #ActionsSpeakLouderThanWords
ur hurting r small business. U guys r total liars
small businesses need less national debt to get banks to loan again President Trump  knows this he's discussed before
Mr. VP I don't like what you did in Germany, Looks like you are contradicting the President of the US & Commander In Chief !
because he acted Presidential?
Has there been a INVESTIGATION  STARTED YET INTO RUSSIAN HACKING ?INTO OUR SYSTEMS BY THE ADMINISTRATION ?
talk is cheap
that's why tRump withholds payments to small business owners...because his plan all along has been to destroy our economy
thats right
Ah, you care about metaphorical beating hearts, but not in the literal sense? Couldn't care less about getting people healthcare. #fraud
Impeach trump exercise your power ! Save america from trump
Last week it was 'well-oiled machines'; now its 'engines of our economy'. Metaphoric bullsh*t, in other words.
you're a monster.
Good, then tell your boss @realDonaldTrump to quit stiffing these guys like he has been for so many years.  #stiffingthelittleguy
His trips to #MarALogo KILLING small local biz in PB area & heavily inconveniencing locals with shut roads
Yes sir! I've owned one for 25 years. Thank you for the acknowledgement.
In France the socialist government kills the small businesses : so the unemployment is too much enormous !
Such an original thought. So what are you doing about it?
and in your eyes full of bigots and PENCE supported homophobes due to believing in the imaginary. Hopefully you have all gay g-children
what  you want are mindless worker bees who will make YOUR dream come true and settle for gettin crumbs
when are the people going to have the right of free speech?
I've been hearing the same rhetoric since Dubya Dubya II took office . The workers have been getting screwed for years .
Please stop talking...we know that when your lips are moving you are lying. You are not for the American people, only Big Business
*hearts that create
Neither you, nor Trump, nor this administration is friendly to small business or the average person, do not be deluded people!
Just try to beat I'd great  jobs record.  YOU CAN'T!
you should be ashamed of yourself!  #Trump is mentally ill, but you should know better!

indeed. Mine is a VOSB. Thank you for your support.
AMEN TO THAT!!! 
and yet all you do is pay lip service to them while bending over backwards for Wall Street billionaires and the oil industry.
K?
small businesses may be the engines, but we all know you're the thruster 
maybe, but @POTUS is a mediocre businessman at best.
thank you sir
Philippians 4:23
The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ be with your spirit. Amen.
ah an imaginary sky wizard believing hateful makes its appearance
Getting ready to watch triggered liberals respond to this tweet like
