If your boss says "I hope you can get this done by the end of the day" that means "Get this DONE by the end of the day".
If it is breaking the law I would say nope sorry no can do The head of the FBI is supposed to a the webbos to say, hey boss I can't do that.
What Comey said in response isn't the issue, the real issue is that trump basically told him he wanted him to stop the Flynn investigation.
That's stretching it If you use Comey Hillary filter, there has to be intent It's a partisan issue and @cnn slants the news.
He talked to him about keeping his job, asked him for his "loyalty". Then told him "I hope you can let this go". Fired him when he didn't.
Non of witch is illegal Again not like Hillary's server or Obama unmasking citezens
You need to brush up on the law, or pay attention to the brilliant legal minds on the news and Twitter! Abuse of Power - #IMPEACHABLE
You need to watch stations other than CNN & @MSNBC You are a #NEVERTRUMP
Comey was fired to shut down investigation. Very simple.
COMEY was not fired to shut down investigation because it didn't and wouldn't. It's because of incompetence, dishonesty...and he's a leaker
ok, you keep telling yourself that, 37% agree with you
It's funny: 1. think u magically measure true percent 2. think %  of other people's beliefs have anything to do with establishing truth.
The majority are against Donald. Believe any spin you want. He's under investigation and Most want him gone, Most!!!
I don't believe your "most" nonsense. Do you support Jonny Depp's views? It wouldn't surprise me.
Spin it anyway you can, your boy is still under investigation
It's good we don't care about convincing one another. You didn't answer my question about Depp. Do you support him in his hate speech?
FINALLY I CAN EXHALE A short segment from a Republican, but right back to Clapper
@SenatorRisch with all due respect, when your boss excuses a room and says "I hope you get that done", it means get that done. Be real.
more important is INTENT. President excused sessions and kushner because he knew what he was going to ask was wrong. No witnesses.
And why did Sessions linger before leaving after being excused? He knew what was going to happen, knew it was wrong but left Comey alone.
@SenatorRisch @CNN a bunch of paid trolls on your feed too just so you know Senator. Time for you all to end this Russia farce
when do you get 2pick ur successor when uget fired!2day Testamony proves itwas a witchhunt only Comey investigated
I'm sick of my tax$ spent on an investigation searching for a crime! Where's the crime!
.@newtgingrich: "Comey himself, by his own testimony, tainted this particular process." 
u know as well as I you have proof of a crime then u investigate!What kind of Police state are u Senators allowing
Really sir you condone treason? Sad
No other members of foreign intelligence community contacted the Russians.  Bs reason for sessions
Comey did not work for either of you when your supposed infractions occurred. Your notes were about a long done investigation. Huh?
The illegal happened before sessions was ag. Don't be disingenuous.
Senator, Clearing the room and asking Comey to stay is wrong. Please don't defend it
@SenatorRisch That is ridiculous and willfully obtuse. I am sick of you embarassing my beautiful state.
HOPE the bully is sent back to cutting wood in Idaho. He is a disgrace to Idaho and US senate.

When your boss says he hopes you get something done, you know it's not a suggestion.
You are so obviously trying to "whitewash" - pretend your job is to serve the people - not the Republican Party
it still doesn't matter If he said END IT - he had the constitutional right to say anything.  Why can't you get it!
We aren't stupid! Communication is more than spoken words. Nonverbal aspect is more important. We all know what @POTUS meant.
Right @SenatorRisch, DT ordered everyone else to leave the room so he could muse over his dreams. Context matters, Sir. Why so obtuse?
Sen. Risch I am sure you can see from all these leftie comments that they are just sore losers trying to make up something out of nothing.
I agree with you Sen. Risch.   We support POTUS and the real corruption is with Comey. THAT needs investigation stat!
Sir when UR BOSS says "I HOPE U GET THAT DONE BY LUNCH"  u think he is giving u a Choice? When u don't he fires u?  Sorry Sir UR full of it!
Sir- I guess you missed this huh? Trump OBVIOUSLY KNEW IT WAS WRONG HE SAID SO HIMSELF!!
If someone comes up to u with a weapon and says I hope u give me your money they are still robbing u and demanding money. So no difference.
Party before Country. So sad. Hopefully all voters in Idaho will remember when they go to the polls.
Sen. Risch:  I "HOPE" all you corrupt republicans get taken down with the idiot president.  In this case, hope= really want it to happen.
It is suggesting to stop the investigation. Hope is the same. Since the investigation is ongoing, it hasn't gotten to trump yet, dude!
When the President tells you He Hopes you'll do something it's an order. You have no Integrity. No one is above the law. Hypocrites
"I hope" Sen @SenatorRisch is not re-elected.
Risch is the kind of politician we are all tired of.His politics over country is reprehensible.We all know what Trump meant, and so does Ris
WOW ... politics over COUNTRY!! Obviously, Trump meant make it disappear or lose your job.
Ummmmm... not in that circumstance
@SenatorRisch the word HOPE a feeling of expectation and desire for a certain thing to happen so comey was right
Your boss saying "I hope you do ___" is a lot different than someone saying "I hope @SenatorRisch gets voted out, b/c he's an idiot."
OMG Anderson. You are total weak sauce. The elusive follow up Q when the senator you're interviewing leaves reality. #TeamDonald
That's not what he said!! You know you should know what your talking about before you open your mouth
To Risch! Had this been Hillary or Obama, you wouldn't be stuck on word "hope" like a moron! Clears the room  1st & you see it as ok? UGH!
"Hope" means the same as " lawyers MAY not assist...." which means "must not." Or?????
Risch is a crooked politician, all about party, not patriotism.  A career piece of shit that needs to go!
Best questions from 1. Risch, on "hope" a crime, 2. Rubio leak, 3. MCCain on double standard. The double standard should reopen other cases
You'd be perceived smarter if you stuck with potatoes
Guess you skipped this lesson in law school Senator
He was then fired by Trump for not complying, as Trump explicitly told Lester Holt. This is obstruction of justice.
If I were you I wouldn't smile, I'd be embarrassed!
Republicans put party before country protecting Trump evil Russian crime syndicate
Watched from Ireland and was shocked. Where is the understanding of threatening subtext? Is victim blaming by lawyers ok in the US?
So, all your interviews yesterday making excuses for Trump that when he said "hope" it wasn't an order to Comey, were a waste of time!
Trump, being usual smartass, said TWICE in Rose Garden yesterday, "I DIDN'T SAY THAT" when asked about Trump's "hope" statement to Comey.
"HOPE" crashed & burned in Rose Garden. Trump shredded lifeline you threw him by saying TWICE: "I didn't say that!"
No! Not in that position. Not sending ppl out of room. He was being slick! Feeling Comey out, not knowing him as he claims.  @POTUS Guilty
I hope you recognise that you look silly. I hope you will look at it again. Just to be clear, when I say "hope" I mean "want you to" #Comey
Hahaha just like a dumpie trumpie troll
When are you going to host a #TownHall to discuss the latest version of #Trumpcare ???
Your questioning was ridiculous!  Embarrassing.  Don't worry Donnie will be impeached soon!  We will remember republicans next election!
Not in the mafia it isn't...
#SenatorRisch must be on the #TRUMP payroll too!
Such pathetic guy
Russia has attacked our democracy and you are defending one of the conspirators. Do your job and defend the Constitution and our elect sys.
RESIGN. UR ignoring Trump Agenda. #ComeyHearings pathetic. Treated like celebrity. No questions abt UNMASKING? #DraintheSwamp #TermLimits
Play it anyway you want to but we the people can't be conned anymore by the orange man or his yes men GOP will go down
@SenatorRisch if you haven't had a chance to read this article, I would suggest that you do. It discusses the "I hope" statement.
So disappointed in you as my Idaho Senator. Party over country? You know exactly what the president's intentions were.
And politician when president ask you hope equal 4exchange which Mr Comey Didn't return anything 2Covfefe and that y Covfefe fair Mr Comey
In the armed services, when a general, wishes, it becomes reality. So what happens when the commander in chief hopes?
Intimidation is an impeachable offense.
Trump used"hope"twice to intimidate. First when he said I"hope"you'll let Flynn go & later when he said Comey better"hope"there's no tapes.
It depends on the position of power the person has over the other. My boss says "I hope", it's a direction, my teenager says it, it's a wish
Making excuses & you know it. I hope you put country before party. I hope you know your job is on the line. I hope you know we see you.
@SenatorRisch someone recently posted at Trump 'I hope you resign' he was lambasted by Trump supporters for wanting Pres to resign. See it?
BINGO!Hope is more along the lines of a suggestion not a direction.Its your choice to na or ya.Secondly no question Comey should of clarfied

Anyone subordinate to Trump would have felt intimidated or "directed" to let Flynn probe go. Wish Comey would have questioned Trump.
I hope you lose your seat ASAP. I hope you dont regret supporting a #ThugPresident.  You will btw. @GOP #Coverup #Complicit
@SenatorRisch @CNN I "hope" Anderson craps his pants! Of course I'm not telling him he is required to do as I "hope"..
I HOPE Rich resigns.
When your boss says "I hope you can..." you know he wants it done, right? Let's stop listening to Republican liars, okay? I'm sick of them.
Republicans will do EVERYTHING to save Trump. That's not patriotism and will damage the US democracy #comeytestimoney  #Comeyfefe
GOP are all going to play dumb now!
Comeys intimidated to report Trump 4 "Flynn's a nice guy" but Big balls against Bush interrogation policy & Weiner having Clinton emails.
How can you defend anyone attempting to influence an FBI agent?  "I hope" u know this citizen is offended.
.@SenatorRisch this is an issue where Republicans, too cowardly to stand up to Trump, mince words in the "hope" they remain in office #Idaho
It was a direction ,loser GOP,more to come lies,lies, he's one sick puppy Trump that is.
Please get your facts RIGHT before you blindly defend POTUS
Hope translates into "IT BETTER HAPPENS THAT WAY"
Senator in FACT you are incorrect the Court of Appeales for 8th Circuit DID hold imposed longer term for OBSTRUCTION  for "I hope" statement
Bullshit.
You would have told the president to "put hope in one hand and shit in the other and see which one fills up faster?" You're overthinking.
If I was in room with pres & he CLEARED room I'd have to be "numb nuts" or brain dead to not know what was being asked of me "hope"or not
@SenatorRisch @CNN  Mr hope u r out of ur mind , how did u get to be senate I have no idea , I HOPE u will let it go (being a senate)
My boss' boss has everyone leave room.
Says, you like your job, right?
Says, I hope you'll have sex with me.
@SenatorRisch says, NO PROBLEM
Do you think your constituents are too stupid to understand subtext? You represent all Idahoans, we deserve better! How's that for subtext?
Is that why trump decided to run as GOP? Knowing they're idiots?
I'm sorry you didn't do your research before your line of questioning:  http://media.ca8.uscourts.gov/opndir/08/04/072601P.pdf … example 1 you asked for!
Nope: Plenty of people have been charged for "I hope"...& found GUILTY of obstruction, abuse of power. 5th court, 8th court. Dig it all out
Oh, c'mon...NOW they're going to take trumps words literally?? But not when his phones got "tapped"?!
I hope you don't get re-elected.
If a boss told employee, "I hope you'll have sex with me," it would be harassment. "I hope"=real pressure in this case. #CNN
The "oh pahleeez" factor here is epic.  
Hey senator, please have your office research u.s. vs McDonald 8th circuit. "I HOPE" used and charged with obstruction.
here we go again, it will fall on "depends what you mean by hope"
@SenatorRisch with your lack of intellectual honestly in dealing with this crooked president your reelection is not in our future
What did u NOT #understand about what Sen Risch's ?ing #JamesComey #incriminated himself @realDonaldTrump had NOT #PRESSURIZED him
@SenatorRisch are you a third grader. If your boss says I hope you will do something, means you better do it pull your head out
There's 8th Circuit precedent for "hope" constituting obstruction. What kind of naive prosecutor were you to believe no influence attempt?
There's also Fifth Circuit precedent.  So, yeah, most judges don't park their brains & common sense at door when they see implicit threats.
@SenatorRisch 3) this is classic legal technique if victim blaming. Shame on you! #traitors #DrainTheTrumpSwamp
@SenatorRisch 2) it is all about the hierarchy of power and the perceived threat but you already know that

@SenatorRisch 1) when my boss asks about my job and then says he hopes I will do what he asks we fire him for sexual harassment.
U r a joke! U know quite well dat when ur superior tells u he or she "hopes" smthing can be done that the expectation is that u Get it done!
Isolating quote to exclusion of other evidence is strong indication you're not dilatory or objective in pursuit of the truth, Senator Risch
Really Senator Risch?  Are you that s***id?
Bye bye Trump
Still not fake enough?
No surprise to hear that from you. Anyone would have assumed exactly what Comey did, trump is after all (right now)the president.
Do you know of any case where it turned out well for a Senator to defend a justice-obstructing con man and pathological liar?
Risch showed his republican side yesterday using words to make a direct statement request a non request. Why we get so upset. His Words lie
He was fired for not giving DT what he hoped for. Stop pretending otherwise.  It's horseshit.
This guy is the illustration of what means to care more about staying in power that his country.  
What a disgraceful twisting of interpretation any sensible person who's faced an unstable boss would know. It's time YOU get a new boss
These republicans are really ridiculous. They care more about winning than Russia involved in the US election.
I don't think a robber at gunpoint would say I HOPE you will give me your money.  They say give me your money or else.. Kamala Harris, dumb.
Next DJT and his henchmen will be using the affluenza defense. He is too rich to know any better.
I would be more worried about lynch Hillary bill and obummer there sneaky people..
I HOPE Risch regains consciousness @realDonaldTrump
Hypothetical: sexual harassment investigation at work. Boss says to head of H.R. "I hope you can let this go." How do you interpret that?
Also: after boss' "hope" doesn't pan out, he fires head of H.R., then admits he did so b/c of investigation. Your conclusion, Senator?
Based on your logic, when I say, "I hope you don't see re-election," you'll be baffled as to what I could possibly mean by that.
Omg !!!!
Another liar coming out for DT. No matter what angle you want to put on it, Comey's testimony was from a person of integrity, unlike Trump!
@SenatorRisch If Trump says"I hope ur house doesn't burn down..." OK?Or is more implied than the literal language? #duh #Complicit #ComeyDay
@SenatorRisch I "hope" you will be out of office soon #meaning of hope #stupidSenator #PartyOverCountry
I hope Sen Risch being complicit gets what he deserves
I hope Sen Risch goes to jail
You only clear a room when you don't want any witnesses. It was covered at TRUMP U...Employee Intimidation 101
"I hope it doesn't rain on my picnic" is not in any realm  same as The POTUS saying "9I hope" he is held to a higher standard.
Sen. Risch I hope you get out of Politics completely! Tomorrow would be great!
And if Trump told Risch he hoped he'd support something, would Risch think about what "hope" meant?
I hope you're not looking to keep your office Senator Risch. If you support the fraudulent, draft dodging pussy grabber in the WH pack up!
Sir you're making Putin's, job easier, by proving tht you av no integrity & your loyalty is to Trump.
I #hope this administration does not crash & burn.  I #hope the #Trump administration doesn't embarrass #america anymore.  #seewhatididthere
These guys are beyond disgusting! We the people are sick of y'all putting PARTY before the PEOPLE...#NoConscience
I hope you retire Jim.
I hope you see your next birthday! I hope you get re-elected! I hope Trump gets impeached!
Legal argument for defense.
If a democrat had said that they would be calling impeachment.
Trump asked Comey end Flynn issue. Why would a Federal Investigator tell Trump to stop incriminating himself? Investigation not Trupmnation
I "hope" you aren't re-elected.
Isn't the bigger question why Trump hoped Comey would let it go ...it's a big issue if our president is owned by Russia
If you told your staff you hope they can come in early tomorrow, what % will show up early? If more than zero, your argument is flawed.
I believe Comey-you are taking things out of context and Trump is a liar!
Senator I "hope" that u have a good day. Now pls remember that i dont want u to have a good day necessarily but its something i "hope" for.
I hope you have more integrity than you presented today... Your job is to protect the country not your party and not #cheetoHitlers lies.
If this is precedent, then I guess we have a case for obstruction! #ImpeachTrump #POTUS #ComeyMemo #russiagate #TrumpLeaks #flynn
"I hope" is an expectation. Ur constituents hope u will do what is honorable, hope u will act w integrity. Do u not c that as a directive?
When you "hope" someone does something, then fire them when they don't, it was no longer a "hope." @realDonaldTrump #ObstructionOfJustice
@SenatorRisch Context matters. Subtext matters. Trump's failure to directly ask Comey to halt the investigation doesn't make him innocent.
When the president of the US says "hope" to someone alone in the Oval Office, it sounds a lot like a veiled threat.
Senator...that is a stretch.....you should be embarrassed...country before party
This is stupid  it wasn't just the word hope. It was the various inappropriate actions and comments in isolated Trump arranged settings.
