You're an embarrassment to your state and your constituents. It's people like you that make Idaho look bad to the rest of the country.
Why did your colleagues chose you to be a clown? Consider that. You are being used.
You will go down in history as the #traitor you are @SenatorRisch  SHAME ON YOU #CountryBeforeParty 
Jim, u did a great job! On the rare occasions @CNN has GOP guest, their narrative usually falls apart.
COWARD.
Well, from all the the negative nonsupporting tweet responses - you - HOPEfully will not be reflected in Idaho. HOPE not!
Re elected word correction
Senator Risch, Jim Comey was taken aback by the implications of Pres unheard of behavior. As for being duty bound we know he didn't buckle.
He makes my blood boil !
Ewww, you're on damage control, Jim? Yuck.
You sir are a dissapointment. No  interest in the truth, only old guard party line.
Well said.
Your "I Hope" focus might be reasonable if Trump hadn't fired Comey just days later for not obeying his wishes. So its a mute point.
On Trump saying I hope...you said "...eye oh the beholder...I wouldn't have done it" You just admitted Trump was asking for the Flynn...
...investigation to be dropped. Obstruction! As others have said... if your boss says "I hope you can get something done," they want...
...you to try to get it done. That act alone is obstruction. How can you be so ridiculous, trying to justify Trump's actions?
Idaho is deeply disappointed in you today, Senator Risch.  You did not represent us well.  Dig deeper and work hard for justice.
You say words matter, and then you take Trump's out of context. Yes, Trump said, "I hope". But, he said "I hope YOU can let this go."
Clueless.
You and the rest of your lot are going down with a sinking ship. Good job @GOP
Hope they are going down. Republican Party club is the sewer of all people.
.@SenatorRisch needs to be told to STOP covering for Trump! Trump knew better, he condemned Lynch/Clinton!  #Comey #AbuseOfPower
Exactly trump criticized Lynch on campaign trail, " who does this"? Then does it, and they offer this pathetic excuse.
Risch is a crooked politician, all about party, not patriotism.  A career piece of shit that needs to go!
I'll leave you to your conscience and HISTORY.
Statement that Comey perjured himself is libelous. Wonder if he can sue you?
This POTUS has tried 2 undermine our free press, judiciary & our intelligence agencies, he's doing the ememies work for them, & u defend!
So if u ask a staffer "hope u finish that report by cob" they can leave early cuz u, the boss, didn't order them to do it?
bring trump under oath!
It's a nice thought, but we all know that Trump would lie even under oath.
nah...you think the president LIES??
Correct. :-)
" I HOPE..." you put country before party.
This is so pitiful. I'm embarrassed that you're my senator. You have zero credibility, and obvs don't  care about your country
Right? Like trump doesn't seemed concerned at all that Russia attacked our democracy, yet, defends trump! It's disgusting
Never struck u odd that in 9 meetings w Comey trump was never concerned about Russia attacking our democracy,but only himself? Answer please
You will work to kill McConnell's legislation, I don't like it. What would you do?  This worse
You are weak and lame - how did you manage to win an election? Are the options that bad in Idaho? Pathetic and sad...
Risch, you're a treacherous Russian-bought religious zealot whose loyalties are, in order:
1) Party
2) Putin
3) Self
4) WASP Americans
Are you investigating this matter, or are you Trump's lawyer? Someone with as little understanding of context as you ought to consider this.
You seriously think saying "I hope" makes the difference-that's idiotic-we ALL know POTUS was trying to stop the FBI
said I hope you'll stop the ethics investigation into .....  what would you say? Or he says I hope
Did u CNN fakers wet Ur pants today. Another Trump win & u should stop ur garage news on Trump. Pathetic
Time to stop being a partisan and start being a patriot and put country over party!
What if GOP Senators were meeting w POTUS & everyone was leaving but he asked you to stay. He then
When did the party of Reagan become the party of Putin?
If I man w a gun holds u up and says "I hope I don't  have to shoot you" does that make it less of a crime?
If an employer said "if I gave you this job, now I hope u will have sex me" make it less sexual harassment?
Understand this. Comey conversed with Pres Obama twice in 3 yrs, once with Pres Bush, & no notes needed. With Trump 9 times in a few months!
My boss' boss has everyone leave room.
Says, you like your job, right?
Says, I hope you'll have sex with me.
@SenatorRisch says, NO PROBLEM
#Lordy. Partisan politics at its worst.
Would have watched but have boycotted @CNN
R u as STUPID as u appeared today? I "hope" from the POTUS about Flynn (who he knew was under criminal investigation) meant I "want".
U may think words R important but Trump doesn't. Words or the Truth are 2B manipulated @CNNSitRoom @wolfblitzer #ComeyHearings
Republicans are defending a worthless individual. Can't wait for the midterm elections for real justice. #Impeachlyingtrump.
If even I know that the prez's words 2 Comey were unacceptable & could be obstructive & destructive, then certainly a billionaire would!
So from now on "I hope u.." doesn't mean "I want u 2.." Sen Risch, u r a willful desmanteller of our democracy.
This turd made 150k for pulling out of the Paris Accord, of course he's going to defend Trump. #ComeyDay #ComeyTestimony #ComeyHearings
Actually tried to make this about HRC. Doesn't care about U.S. He's a Trump protector that doesn't deserve that seat #VoteHimOut
You can't possibly believe the things you are saying.
Americans fighting American, last time it was this intense- Civil War
Do U think U & your GOP colleagues could cease defending the prez's bad/possibly illegal behavior on pure naïveté? He's not that stupid!
I truly hope that you will open your eyes to what is really going on.
When you told Wolf that "Russia tried to MANIPULATE our election and failed". That is an outright lie.  Partisan right wing corrupt /2
Hate to tell you Senator but Russia succeeded in affecting the outcome of our election and you continue to enable them. Shame.
Mr Risch:  donald trump is a liar and a crook and he is detrimental to our country  I believe you are smart enough to know that.
You showed urself 2b a partisan unpatriotic politician putting defense of Trump ahead of this country. You also lied when u told Wolf /1
Trump is not only unconventional,he is an uneducated, unethical,and unhinged narcissist.
You disgust me!!!
I hope you lose your seat!
God, I hope you get voted out of office ... & soon!!  You are an obstructionist...continue to put your own politicsabove your country! 
You said no one in WH denied what Trump said?? His own private lawyer held a press conference to literally deny it.
Saying Comey "could have said I'm going to do it but not tell anybody" & @POTUS didn't think firing Comey would take the heat off. Wow!
My god - how did this man become a US Senator? What an embarrassment.
You epitomize a guy who chooses his party over country. Bipartisan? Bwahahahaha! You need to go. You're too... Trumpy!
@realDonaldTrump Stop defending a POTUS who lies and bullies others at all times. Doesn't matter if he's a politician or not he's not nice.
I am stunned by the low standard you hold this President to. This country deserves better.
BTW-I'm NOT exactly a democrat. Damn sure no longer a republican. Friggin sell outs.
You f$#cking puppet. Hanging ur hat on "hope" is absurd. If my boss says "I hope you will..." that's an order. The corruption is obvious.
50 states didn't elect him that was a lie he lost many of them ... you have no credibility
Disappointed in you #Senator your no fool. The president placed #Comey into a Employer to Employee situation. #Uknowthis
I am sure you would be acting very different if it was a Dem president acting the way Trump is. Shame on you @SenatorRisch
Super Partisan.  0 backbone.  RESIGN
Nice spin sir--but nobody believes you & you are sacrificing your own credibility right now. We see who you really are.
POTUS went on live TV and admitted he fired Comey to release tension re Russia.
So you defend him for not knowing but then state he would have known that Comey being fired wouldn't end investigation. What is the truth?
Why would Comey lie? He has no reason to lie!
Yes I'm listening to you! Stop with the damn excuses for this incompetent, lying cheat of a president! He was elected by the Russians!
you say comey should stand up to the president yet you won't. You all are hypocrites.
He has lost all credibility
Amazing how the FBI director is supposed to be perfect but President Trump is allowed to be dumber than a rock. You elected him
Senator*
It was obvious today what your goal was...protect Trump. Shameful. Put our country before your party.
I "HOPE" All you #GOPTRAITORS go down with the Traitor you continue to cover up for! Republican thy name is Cover Trump at all costs!
Cat got your tongue Senator 
Time to be honest with us the people and time to stop being a Partisan hack. And defend we the people.
It wasn't "appropriate " for @POTUS  to ask Director Comey to " let it go." You Sen. Risch are manipulating words as well.
You are wrong...you're defending the indefensible.  You cannot excuse Trump because he "didn't know".  Hope he learns about nukes fast.

STOP. MAKING.  EXCUSES. FOR. TRUMP.
Why are you defending this worthless President who knew exactly what he was asking Comey to do.
Also, glad to see you're going w the "@POTUS is dumb & a rookie" defense originally deployed by @SpeakerRyan - update your resumes
Yeah so dumb he made sure no one else was in the room as he basically threatened Comey w his job
Senator, have you ever spoken to a human before today? (Unfair Q, since Wolf is not a human)
