AND SINCE YOU ARE A SENILE OLD BAG, YOUR TIME DOING ANYTHING PROBABLY WONT BE ALL THAT LONG .I THINK YOU ARE 78?
She's 83
HAHAH. JESUS H. CHRIST. OUR CONGRESS AND SUPREME COURT ARE OLD AGE HOMES FILLED WITH DODDERING OLD FOOLS.
Which is why we need Congressional term limits.
what does it say on the Statue of Liberty again?
I believe education to be a good thing and rather fight for more of it than restrict it to the privileged few
Let's work towards putting #America and #Americans first for a change, huh? Take care of our #homeland, how about that?
What is it about the smuggled in children of illegals that makes you proud? So proud? Please tell.
Yea and they all vote illegally. We are getting voter ID laws. End of fucking story
DACA finished. No more illegal votes or free rides on back of American taxpayers. Thank God Trump won
WE R ALSO PROUD TO SAY THAT IF YOUR BELOVED DACA RESIDENTS LEAVE CALIFORNIA. THEIR ASS IS DEPORTED BRATS AND ALL.
you Madam Senator need to resign. You are Stealing from the Hard working American CITIZENS to Subsidize Illegal Immigrants
Are you opening your own doors? I'm sure they'd love a lemon scone and tea in your garden! 
They barely read and write Thier own language let alone know what a Scone is...lol
Thank you for reading between the lines. 
your're welcome. Good tweet. I can't stand Feinstein. She needs to retire.
Why don't you ever "DREAM" of helping American citizens and LEGAL immigrants putting their needs FIRST, For a change??
#MamericansFirst
#DeportIllegals
#BuildTheWall
are you also proud to say you have helped destroy California? Along with your pals.. Pelosi, Brown and Newsome
: DACA is DOA within Trump's first 100 days via EO & there's nothing you can do to stop him.
Time to take back our state from these criminals
many DACAmented youth have now become professionals. We can only keep contributing to our communities if DACA is not repealed.
this broad is a hypocrite speaks on things and can't be bothered to attend local national nights out. That other reps attend.
I will be sure to share this with much of Cali and associates from functions Jones and Steinberg. I'll ask how they feel.
DEPORT
Senator you really are a naïve silly old woman .. so sad.
you work for US, not for illegals. You are the definition of a traitor...so disgusting. When i served, i def didnt do it for u
what part of ILLEGAL dont you understand? Stop living in a bubble and enforce our laws. That is why democrats got slaughtered
ur ESL programs are taking funding away from the ones which rightfully deserve t wait for u to go away
im ashamed to be living in CA and represented by ignorant people like u. And btw, im hispanic. U should be embarrassed
Proud? You are certifiably crazy.
why are you so anti american. Youre nuts lady
Secede. That'll do it.

really? I bet you're not willing to pay to house, clothe, feed, and educate all of DACA recipients out of your own pocket.
please witch retire and take all the illegals to your farm
I feel sorry for those in CA to have you representing them..taxing is out of control & not protecting them! Shame on you
darling take them to your house,  you're a millionaire you can afford to feed them all.
very disappointing
Tick tock. Tick tock. Tick tock.
Let's don't try and get altruistic, Dianne. It's about federal money and lobbyist payola. We know you here in Ca.
She'll do whatever it takes.....to ensure future votes!
you're truly despicable,clueless & care NOTHING for the law abiding tax payers here in Calif..you don't represent us!
No wonder we have so much traffic, a 1 bedroom apartment is $1400/month and we owe $433 billion in debt
Go to Mexico without papers and see what that gets you.
they get to go to college for free while my kid works 2 jobs to pay for his! Something seems wrong with this! #AmericaFirst
how many are living in your house with you for free???
keep taking money from my pay check to spend on illegal undocumented aliens. U make me sick
You will fail,like Dodd Frank. Whinny, self loathing, name calling, race baiting, amnesty loving, elitist liberals are history
Anither reason why California is BROKE!
and we will do whatever it takes to stop federal funding of it. Use ur taxpayers money. No one is paying for my kids
maybe you should ask the people you represent here in California, who are LEGAL CITIZENS, what we want
GOOD LUCK, House already passed a bill, GOP will pass in 2017 & CA will lose millions, way to go! http://gosar.house.gov/press-release/house-passes-gosar-amendment-blocking-funds-sanctuary-cities …
All lies to create Democratic voters. Half the country is on to this. The other half is asleep.
move one into your house without a background check. Then we will see if you really mean it. And into every house around you
old bag of bones!
And as a Californian who isn't worth hundreds-of-millions like you, I'll do whatever it takes to defeat it, Your Arrogance.
stop prioritizing illegal aliens over citizens. You are part of the problem here.
As a Californian I feel you should pay out of your own pocket and leave my pocket out of this. You pay I'll play.
And legally here citizens, who went through the process to become a citizen who pays taxes, hope you lose dramatically.
Supporting DACA is saying you support & encourage people 2 commit crimes. Don't reward them 4 doing wrong. What's wrong w/ u?
And that shows how shitty your state is.
Hi @SenFeinstein. It's me. Broke into your house & secretly living in attic. SF mayor says I can stay & you must give me free stuff DACA
HaHaHaHaHa
You mean you are proud of confiscating money from US taxpayers in order to pay for all of it.  What right do you have to do that?
great Diane- that includes supporting them financially - they're all yours
do it without federal funds then lawbreaker.
You going to pay for all of them and take responsibility for any crimes they commit? Or just force the middle class to do it?
Good luck with that... 

@realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
#RepealAndReplaceObamacare
oh I bet you will, Feinstein, our greatest ally.
Another reason to not live in California. 
while screwing the tax paying Americans kids education. 
What a joke you are.
How about the
US Citizens DREAMS of
getting their country back & securing our borders from people who BREAK our LAWS,
hmmm??
wtf is wrong with you? "Proud"???
#TermLimits will be a beautiful thing!
I think you have forgotten you are the senator for all of California. California has been overrun by illegal persons. Enough!
what about you putting in that (whatever it takes) to help our Native American Indians who have reached out to u and Boxer.
you and politicians like you should be charged with treason
@realdonaldtrump
Aren't there laws in place to prosecute those aiding and abetting people who are here illegally?
The gravy train for ILLEGALS is going to dry up thanks to @realDonaldTrump ! A president that loves CITIZENS FIRST! #libtard
U keep putng US citz last. Protctng criminals.they need 2 apply legally like my fam & others did. We hve laws U shld uphold it
You are part of the problem, if it wasn't for illegals voting you'd be out on your ass right now.......TERM LIMITS!!!
says it all
One can hope. But, Cali is so blue with Marxist population, I don't hold out much hope. @SenFeinstein
you use votes of illegals against taxpayers votes.
Then I'm afraid you'll be crying as hard as Hillary on election night. Immigration laws about to be enforced.
your not saving anything. It was implemented with executive action it will be undone!  #deportillegals #saveDACA
Leftists are counting on future voters.
indeed , but come Jan 20 many of their voters are going back to their respective countries 
No Federal Money to these cities that harbor illegals .
SO thrilled to be paying 4 it! I'll trade all the benefits, stretched resources, cost of edu, prisons, med etc 4 higher prices
my son's do too. Its disgusting yet refugees and immigrants get it free.
.....and vote illegally for democrats. Do you realize how immoral you are, Senator? Your attitude reeks of contempt for U.S.A.
Cutting off federal funds to a state breaking federal law, billions in the hole already, is going to hurt.
ha! clueless
CA does not want to pay $25B a year to finance an invasion of illegals!  Time for a pro-CA senator, & time for you to retire!
@noleyez @SenFeinstein Cali will bankrupt over illegals!  Next cycle is time for GOP to take our state back
liberals and their policies are destroying this great state. We need to change state gov't!!!!
Disgusting we had 2 Dems running for Senate?  No GOP on ballot and stuck with Kamela Harris
I agree 100 percent. What was up with that.Change has to come and I believe it http://will.Save  California!!
celebrating lawbreakers who don't pay taxes is a great way to keep California in the red. Keep it up!
Secede!
Idiots with the Secede.  Go ask Texas how well that worked for them.
Now explain why California is so broke?
you will do it without my vote the next time you run.
