@NancyLeeGrahn That's My senator! Thank you
Thank you for standing up for those people who've felt marginalized by #Trump & #Bannon @SenFeinstein
Thank you for standing up against Steve Bannon's appointment to Trump's cabinet.  We must not normalize racism - be watchful!
Someone known for belittling minorities and women has no place being the president either.
Thanks for speaking out against the appt of white nationalists to Whitehouse posts!
Thanks so much! I don't see Sen Boxer remaining silent on this & Senator Elect Harris has also spoken out .
Thank you @SenFeinstein for standing up for the most vulnerable in our communities and denouncing Steve Bannon's appointment #StopBannon
Thanks for making a strong statement on this issue. Proud to be a Californian.
Thank you.
thank you for taking a stand against bannon
Great job!
I'd like to know what legislative tools you can use to stop this appointmt? does trump even care about public statements?
Or...being president. But, that's another story for another day.
#StopBannon Thank you, Sen Feinstein!  Your voice is a major aid to call out this insulting appt of hatemonger as WH advisor!
It is time to drain the swamp.
Thank you, Senator. Anything else we can do to #StopBannon?
Thank you for fighting for us. I'm proud to have you as my Senator. Keep up the good work.
Thank you. Fight Trump harder than you've ever fought before. Letting Trump lead w/out opposition would be a disaster.
Mire than that: Bannon, "destroy the state... that's my goal, too." @SenFeinstein @ejwillingham

yeah the president does enough of that on his own #notmypresident
Thank you for speaking out on this, Senator Feinstein!
Where was your outrage at Bill Clinton when he belittled Obama?
Thank you @SenFeinstein.  You will be missed.
Thank you, Senator Feinstein!
Then quit!
your colleagues need to step it up.
@girlsreallyrule trump is tbe real bigot.   Dont forget that
@girlsreallyrule i say  #let#trump#fail.  He will be exposed and isolated sooner.  Bannon is just a straw man anyway imho
thank you for opposing Bannon's appointment. There's no room for him or white supremacy in our democracy.
Thank you, Senator.
Diane being that you're an octogenarian don't you think you're out of touch with today's realities because I think you are.
Steve Bannon is not a racist but Loretta Lynch, Eric Holder and Al Sharpton are true racists to the core.
we really don't care what you think anymore! Your out of touch with the people you represent!
Thank you for denouncing him. Gafferty needs to go next!
did these voters / states really want this do they understand
Thank you!
guess you only think that about certain pole. @billclinton @HillaryClinton where mentored by a Klan Grand Wizard.u didn't mind
THANK YOU Senator Feinstein!
thank you for speaking out so eloquently.
Thank you.
Excuse me,you and your treasonous party support the jew hating Muslim Brotherhood and you are saying Bannon is anti semitic?!
Perfectly said!!  
Thank you for your statement on #SteveBannon #lovefirst #lovetrumpshate #thefirst100days
thanks you. I called my Congressman and Senators asking them to do the same.
so you'll hold off praising him as god-like, as you did Ted Kennedy even though he killed his pregnant mistress?
Waaaaaaaaaaaaaa
oh and most importantly THANK YOU  for speaking up #lovetrumpshate
sadly as the saying goes "birds of a feather flock together" #notmypresident
@eph4_15 Trump won the election! Your thoughts are irrelevant! He can hire who he wants!
will you join California women at the #MillionWomanMarch Jan 21?








@SumerSloan why he's not out President.
Thank you Senator! Proud to be Californian.
Thank you!
This is the statement I wish my senators would make #Kentucky
Thank you, Senator!
@Toby_Ziegler thank you for speaking up.
what can citizens do to contest the appointment of Bannon?
Thank you for this! I'd love to hear your thoughts on further action on this!
Thank you.
But "Bimbo eruptions" and "Taco bowl engagement" are perfectly ok from @HillaryClinton and supporters? Explain your hypocrisy.
Thank you!
Thank you for your strong statement. Please keep up strong opposition, no normalization.
thankyou for speaking out about this!
Thank you, senator!
@embeedub Or being the president.
thank you for standing up to bigotry we are very scared of this president and are considering leaving the country for now
thank you
Keep up the great job Dianne!
Thank you.
Thank you for speaking out.
thank you! I'm proud you are my senator Please investigate Russian hacking of the election machines in states and FBI meddling
Thank you for adding your voice to the opposition to this horrible man.
Thank you
@KaivanShroff well said Senator 
they are all full of it.. give them a week they will ALL fall in line like GOP under new Gestapo.no guts they should all fall.
Thank you! You make California proud and strong! #yougotourbacks
a lot of this is BULLSHIT these senators & reps like the GOP will just yawn in a few days.and bow to New KKK-ids in the house
Or..........being President, for that matter.
-Thank you Senatorfor taking a stand on this. A racist, xenophobic, misogynist has no place in the White House. #DumpBannon
Thanks for speaking up!
He might do more than that. The @StateBarCA suspended me for breaking rules but my practice was broader than that.
"#deplorables" have no place? @BreitbartNews
