All American workers & families of workers should Tweet a complaint about Trump's union bashing tweet
Duh, Labor understands competition better than management.  If management had been compentent the jobs would have stayed in Indiana.
Thank you!!!! Torture is never ok #forever44
Right. OK is a state that was once an oil capital. Torture is a noun and sometimes a adjective and an addition to a verb. Like spanking B&D
@SenFeinstein @POTUS    What about Satanic Torture from CIA basement or mental abuse from nursing homes http://patruso111.blogspot.com 

These are some Trump tweets on the use of torture
aren't you done YET?? Go AWAY
White cloud ...still have not broken Kerberos cryptos at Langley ....fifty years secure ...hill cot
Truth is we're tortured everyday by this corrupted establishment, poverty, homeless, under paid,  unemployed,starving etc
@DorothyKidd1 @POTUS 

Meanwhile #PEOTUS is against international law.

 #Unfit #Lawless #Trump #NeverPotus
A specific provision like international trade law where US GDP grow is forty percent ? Prolly need a more insightful POTUS
Did we forget who authorized water boarding and the usage of it to begin with?  Who's covering it up? The White House
OUR ENEMIES WILL TORTURE AMERICANS! They don't care
@NRCATtweets @POTUS what about the use of torture in New York Prisoners DOJ turned a blind eye in the Stuyvesant case.
Waterboarding is not always considered torture, holding your breath when you learn to swim is a definition of water boarding.
i wouldn't rule out waterboarding or anything else to get info from terrorists. They dont have any rights!!!!
hope you people remember this executive order when reviewing police brutality being used on protesters in Standing Rock
what about 9/11 Mr. President?
@antitorture_WCL @POTUS KDPEYOTÊ possessive @Poligamy fagslut too. Trespassing trolls almost all anyone gets to listen toKD – at Starbucks
thank you for protection of human rights.
Time to say good bye. Hire some illegals to back all your crap and go back to Chicago.
freeze the account as soon as possible. Request you have to do. After freezing the account, remitted back to the UnitedStates
but we haven't banned it in our schools, where kids work their butts off for a diploma only to need more school.
@SenFeinstein @POTUS Thanks Obama!
Thank you President Obama - you made me proud to be American.
But is ok for everyone else on the earth?
. @WhiteHouse @vela_mary @POTUS ..........witnessed......
@StateDept @POTUS  why?
WRONG!!!! You've spent EIGHT years torturing everybody who has a functioning brain. Idjit.
How about rendition? - Sending ppl OTHER places where THEY can carry out these practices..?
just pack your shit and leave already !! Go play golf, disappear please!
@Ksenias7 Support Democrats!

still you let San Bernardino County Sheriffs use mind torture, you are a liar
Is President Barack Obama lefthanded?
Yes he is.
Wow
@SenFeinstein @POTUS 

Slavery laws r here to stay, abolished feelins results from tryin to make it your whole life, Ikno I lIfe
what do you call solitary confinement for @xychelsea?
really!? The American people are tortured by a fat old man in a tower in NYC via tweeter everyday?
@StateDept @POTUS unfortunately, our enemies are disagreeing with you.
Turns out all we need is beer and cigarettes. Who knew?
they chop heads off. Rape men and women. Water boarding doesn't come close. Plus they get a free hair wash.
But you didn't protect those who voted u in office instead u protected our enemies so go back to bed ur no longer wanted
...and how's that working for you?
@StateDept @POTUS Because he has never been in combat he keeps kissing ass to Muslims I say to him u never wore the uniform STFK
The middle East is worse off today than 8 years ago. Many people died because of US policies.
Thank you for your commitment to human rights President Obama. The majority of Americans appreciate your legacy. @WhiteHouse @POTUS
Castro is dead and Carrier is alive since Trump got elected!
@NSC44 @POTUS  we must prohibit torture.We haven't sunk that low yet.POTUS has the guts to stand for what's decent. Gonna miss u
@POTUSyess provide torture l hate torture!
@NSC44  
He should be known as the @POTUS who left Guantanamo OPEN while TALKING about closing it, not the one who closed it.
War Is No Game Its Do What You Have To Do To Get The Job Accomplished Must Get Done Quickly & Swiftly AMERICAS FREEDOM FIRST%
gud order by him
too bad Isis is as kind as u are!!  Lmao!
u also put every high level terrorist that had been caught after 911 back into society!  Congrats!  U r useless!
Been to Rikers Island lately?
YOU DO WHAT YOU HAVE TO DO TO PROTECT AMERICAN LIVES, ANYTHING GOES AND SO DO YOU!
No you didn't actually. Rendition still exists in a form no longer under oversight, who knows what happens in our name
time to reclassify Marijuana off Schedule 1 on your way out the door and a few other "little" thing you can do
And lolly-coddlef criminals under YOUR watch !!
It's funny how they ban torturing our enemies but cover up torture of children! #pizzagate isn't going away
You can lie your but off, if your strong enough.
I've been waterboarded, it isn't torture, just a mind game. they can't kill ya cause they want the info, and after awhile
torture simply does not work
I don't agree with your policies, however I do on this one
White House is just droning on now.
How many people were waterboarded?  Any idea?
