For Kerry to claim the US is Israel's best friend is ridiculous. W/ Friends like @Potus Israel doesn't need enemies. #israel
the us is.
My comment is on Obama, not the people
You are both wrong. Israel has a right to exist.
Israel has the right but they cannot violate international law and not expect the UN and US to take accountbil.
so has Palestine ever had their own currency? No end of conversation
that's not how any of this works
https://beholdisraelnews.wordpress.com/2016/12/30/israel-unveiled-vol-1-capernaum/ … get educated.
*tells someone to get educated*

*uses that news source*
@kalpenn you two want to see the end of Israel! You suck!
What he did was massive betrayal as usual for Traitor John and Muslim lover Obama. We do NOT side with TERRORISTS!
in the spirit of the nazis
Senate Intelligence Committee.    http://patruso111.blogspot.com 
how cowardly to engage at this late hour deplorable
YOU NEANDERTHAL, give muslims billions & arms & see what the peace lovin' Palestinian would do. They are a formal country
Truly you are another under George Soros's pay.
kerry and obama were huge disasters in foreign policy #MAGA
Too bad Israel and Netanyahu would have to check their egos at the door. Between him and Trump we will all be ruined.
tweeted from ur safe space of the settlement of San Antonio? You should give that back to the Native Americans @SenFeinstein
Yup. While you are trolling, I'll keep trying to make a difference in my way as you do yours. Peace 
two state solution requires balls. Israel has none, neither does the UN by pandering to them. Congrats on being so weak.
More balls than the West.
Like you cared about the Christians' security while they were being slaughtered by people you funded behind our backs?
Bold my butt. What he is asking is that teenie tiny Israel give up what they own and have for  four THOUSAND YEARS!
fully agreed, why is the USA not supporting the 2 State Solution??
peace will come by following Gods word regarding Israel anything less will bring Judgement to the US!
Which god? There are many, be specific. And what did she say exactly?
For me the God of Abraham, Issac & Jacob
@kalpenn interesting!israel will never accept 2 state sol based on 1967,already stole most of land already.1state = rights4all
Palestine was never a state -- They are Jordanians who want their own land-Israel has been there for thousands of yrs! #israel
She's lying. Here's the leaked Kerry audio.

who elects these crooks? This explains why nothing was done. @HouseBenghazi 

https://theconservativetreehouse.com/2017/01/02/united-states-national-intelligence-oversight-the-gang-of-eight/ …
BRAIN DEAD!  Feinstein is Jewish & U R not helping them. Palestine  is not a real country. YOU DO NOT REPRESENT OUR VIEWS NOW
No, there are alternatives to the so-called '2-state solution' for Israel & the so-called 'Palestinians' What Begin proposed.
you know there is no chance of a 2 state solution.  Imagine the far right and far left sharing space.
why is that the "only" path?
Netanyahu banking on Trump as "White Hooded Knight" to save Isreali Apartheid
I'm a Canadian.  Kerry's speech was not only ignorant but was a slap in the face of freedom and democracy.
thank you for stating bold unarguable truth
You and the rest of the Dems are totally out of touch. When did you or the UN condem the Palestians?? Israel is our ally!!!
So, you agree with him that Israel cannot be both a Jewish and a democratic state? But an Islamic state is fine with libs...
you are delusional.  There will be no peace with the Palestinians. They do not want it. American ppl stand with Israel
Why don't we give 1/2 of US to solve our issues with Mexico? Idiot!
you call that bold? Pathetic!!
It's not the only path forward and someone needs to recognize that a new approach is needed.
Then convince the Palestinians that is the solution.   Israel is on board but Palestinians want a one state solution.
8 years too late.
Too bad the Palestinians only want one, their own.
@fubaglady  you mean peace can only be achieved through security don't you?
More Like #IsraelSpring Who The #H Else Is #O Going To Screw With? Choice Of #Muslim Or #Christian/#Jew.? I Will Take The Last
There already is a two state solution: Israel and Jordan. You might want to read some history.
Yeah, we know: Palestiniants good, Israelis bad. Shut up, Dianne. We've heard 2 much from u already! #Ditz
#Jew Or #Democracy ?? Can Not Be Both..#WTF Is That ?
as american jew, i'm grateful to pres. obama & sos kerry
israel must remain a democracy
bibi defiant as always
sad
@GordCowie When you lack imagination you get a hour a dribble from a incompetent politician. Use your vacation time.
John Kerry's embarrassing speech will surely be judged by history as a permanent stain on failed Obama admin #StandWithIsrael
It's speeches like Sec. Kerry's and tweets like yours that make me feel more and more like the Dem. Party isn't my party.
Israel can be Jewish or democratic -but not both?   what?  you're going to let that stand.  ???
@BarakRavid sience fiction is more realistic. Wake up call
@wjcoop You are delusional. No mention of terrorism of them calling for elimination of Israel.
@SaulHZenk You don't know what you are saying. They do not want a two state solution. They want Israel to leave.
You Democrats sure believe in speeches!
can you put this in BIBI's rock head for us. He got the money, he got it.
After the Iran deal, I have no respect for you, Kerry or Obama. Where were you when 500,000 Syrians were killed?
Would this be the two-state solution that has eluded for decades??
you're sadly misinformed.  It was a horrible speech culminating horrible policy. Shame on both of you.
In his confirmation hearing who will hold Pompeo to account for liking the tweet calling Kerry a "traitor"?
truly.  At least you see the need for Palestinians to have a home
Shame on you!!!
last #trump's tweet suggests otherwise
@USAmbHRC *Wrong. A single state solution is viable.  The antisemite democrat elite's, stop hating Israel!
@BarakRavid who is thebother party interested in peace??
such a great man, I hope he is listened to @amyjamesxo @kadyyyyyyyyyyyy @zoeincastle
America, time to end your illegal occupation
really? Have you seen the new Fatah (abu abbas party) image? No israel on the map. You are all too delusional.
And if that's dead, and it's dead, then single state with equal rights for all, please.
Stick to your guns. We support you.
never been a fan of yours but your support of @BarackObama betrayal of israel is disgusting and unforgivable
#EveryOneisAwareofthe2StateSolutionExceptIsrael
Well, a Jewish American politician who is not afraid to speak the TRUTH! Two State Solution is the only way to lasting peace!
shut up KAPO
idiot!
How on Earth have you been an elected official since '78?! California is even more screwed up than we all thought!!
wrong messenger & terrible time to present it - less than 30 days left in office. Meant nothing.
. Disagreeing with Netanyahu does not make one anti-Israel. Too bad dumbo Trump can't figure that out.
how do we support Secretary of State John Kerry, he is absolutely correct in the 2 State Cities need to stay in place
"Israel can either be Jewish or it can be democratic, but it cannot be both."  Bold?  I say SHAMEFUL.  Retire please.
I think there are much greater problems than Israel right now. Syria comes to mind. Weak president is problem
Who is the other state beside Israel? Who is going to negotiate for this state?
What he said....building homes on disputed land is equal to massive terrorism and attacks on jews.  That is sad.
If you think that speech was anything but a disgrace I have to question your IQ But yea lets alienate our only ally in the ME
Well you Dems just killed an peace by giving PLO/HAMAS all the cards. This will go against Dems...no matter how hard whitewash
Why made a such decision you know it won't hold in 3 weeks? Interior motive?
@jstreetdotorg If only you were honest enough to admit that neither state in your vision will be a Jewish state
that is why u need to go!
bold? It was hit piece. Israel froze construction and Abbas refused to talk.All israel's fault& u say bold?Bold onesidedness.
said by the woman who is divisive, racist and hypercritical of American values. The Ethics committee needs to look at this obe
Time for you to retire . Peace is a two way street. Your legacy will be the support of the Iran deal and now this
2/ The US fails to understand that Israel & Palestine not only don't trust each other. They also distrust Kerry & the US.
1/ I disagree @johnkerry 's speech was bold. I found it naive & misguided.
@ebpersons Well what is that solutuon? The Israelis had wanted,a 2 state solution but the Palestinians didnt.
Well I'm waiting to be attacked like the Israelis wait everyday.
There is nothing bold about betraying your closest ally.
can't anyone stop trump and his near traiterous tweets?
Notice how Kristof lets his favorite partisans tell him what to say; and he makes a career out of parroting it!
Peace, such a small word, but at times seems impossible to reach...
this is nonsense
@NickKristof @chuckschumer Unfortunate that Sen. Schumer aligns himself with @netanyahu @realDonaldTrump and hardliners.
@NickKristof An absurd speech from a bunch of goofs trying to equate Rockets & Suicide Bombers with buildings.
@NickKristof 
Who wants to share a country with Muslims.??
A Democrat out of touch with reality.
@NickKristof Distinct pattern opening door for continued world chaos first with Iran deal and now with UN resolution.
-Yes! I agree! With security for both sides! Room must be left for a Palestinian State.Israel must be recognized by ALL nations
Sit down, please
you shame us all
Total B.S..........God would tell U different........I remember him giving the Israelites the Promised Land
Not exactly...........
Peace will never exist if left in the hands of man.......only GOD is Peace
Most assuredly
I know this sounds strange coming from a creature of darkness, but I did have a good side once
@montanamissoula 

hmmm... finally some balls.
Wrong!
@jstreetdotorg peace comes from victory. Defeating your enemy.
I think to begin to talk the attacks have to stop, I don't think Israel initiated any of the recent violence.
@jstreetdotorg
If ears are open to discussion.
@JohnKerry
Few listen.
Fewer willing.
Whom create states is soverign right.
congress must pull funding from the UN & punish the countries that voted for it we must #standwithIsrael
On tThe Kelly File last night SENATOR,it was expressed BOLDLY that John Kerry's speech today would be a waste of TIME!
bold tenure in total! assurd irans path 2 nukes, gav em $400M, earn praise of Hamas n Isl Jihad, Friend of Isrl!
@kalpenn then WHY was @SenSchumer the first person out of the democratic gate to praise trump and attack our president ?
why can they have two states but we leave tawian out to dry?
a two state solution involves Israel and Jordan.  A three state solution will also include Egypt.
That is between Israel & Palestine to work on with our support not our INTERFERENCE
So incredibly sorry to see Dems abandoning #Israel. Think realignment of US with Palestinians is a mistake for votes, for peace, for future
Yes! Obama is giving Israel a lifeline. If Israel annexes the W.B. and doesn't let the Palestinians vote, it'll be apartheid.
Brave stand! Thanks for siding with Obama, not Trump. Although I'm sure 2018 primary has something to do with it.
support  our president  Obama and sec Kerry  vision
Ignoring Jordan, a 2-state solution is already done. Gaza Is Palestine. And guess what....NO PEACE. ONE STATE only solution
Remember how well Gaza worked? Hezbollah became stronger and advanced more terrorist tactics funded by Iran. Kerry is wrong.
How about the despicable UN vote orchestrated by the US. #IsraelFirst is our ally not an enemy. @POTUS @JohnKerry #hamas kills
Palestinians must first accept Israel's right to exist before you can have a 2 state solution @FoxNews
Netanyahu has to go in order for peace to be achieved Palestinians have been decimated
Take a look at your city. Then think if you should lecture a sovereign nation how it should behave.
and the self hating Jews nazi colaborators coming to support! Shame on you! Stabing your own people in the back!
"Human & Animal Rights Activist - LOL I guess this is a lie huh
Courtesy of @RubinReport..."Yes John Kerry, if only this orange sliver was smaller there would be peace."  #iamaCAconstituent
Just saywhat u want 2 say: "too many brown ppl." Easier?
, the way I see it... It's your opinion. So speak for yourself. Do yourself a favor (as ethical as I'm)...
do you not understand the damage you and your party have done to the peace process???
No, Netanyahu torpedoed peace. He wants to slaughter Arabs.
Too bad the Palestinians only want to murder Jews.
And Istealis want to murder Palestinians.
That's Israelis. I'm a JCC member, apologies to all Jews for that spellcheck glitch.
Screw Israel. How you coming along on term limits for congress and house?
