(2/2) @POTUS's decision today sends a strong message that the United States still supports a two-state solution.
Peace will not be achieved until the other side recognizes the state of Israel right to exist. Shame on you and POTUS
:I do not see how that can happen w/Netanyahu in the picture. He is one sick ticket.
there will never be peace. You must remove muslims  them from the face of the earth. READ YOUR HISTORY!
But Feinstein voted YES, giving Israel $38B US to continue the subjugation of Palestinians. #DemShill4Israel
We need to do a lot more work organizing, as few would vote against such an appropriation no matter how inappropriate.
kapo!
you're a shtick drek. Gai in dererd.
gai kaken offen yam.
whose from Poland? Twerp. I was born in London. Go and live in Gaza, you traitorous snake
well go and live there then.
When did the Wailing Wall become a part of it?
More proof you cannot trust a Democrat.
they froze construction and abbas and pals refused to negotiate. You're becoming an embarrassment with your naivete.
No peace between Israel and other tribes/countries in that part of the world for 4000 yrs Your arrogance won't make it happen
Why would you expect a different result if settlements are removed from the WB? 2/2
GIVE UP SOME OF THE BILLIONS YOU & YOUR HUSBAND GOT FROM THE U.S. TX DOLLARS FROM OBOZO.  UNFAIR BIGOT.
bullcrap! Palestine is a fake squatter nation! There is not 2 state! Israel only!
"if we’re ever to achieve a lasting peace between Israel and the Palestinians?" We're supposed to be arbiters not dictators.
no it won't. It has never been about settlements or construction, just the total DESTRUCTION of Israel and Jews.
How about asking Hamas to stop paying the families of suicide bombers?
@rhodes44 no ending rockets into Israel from the Palestinians and being taught from birth Jews are evil
Jews living in Judea and Sameria are not getting in the way of peace.  The arabs don't want peace there do not want peace.
@rhodes44 It's not our job to police the world or enforce regime changes. Voters sent you a message on 11/08. Listen or lose!
* ...will not bring peace because they have already settled too much of the WB and Jerusalem for a viable Palestinian state *
how about just have the Palestinians stop attacking folks? That might help.
Hey y'know what might help them do that? Israel not building settlements!
why can't Israelis build on their own land? And the Palestinians have been attacking long before settlements
because they occupied land the un gave to the pal. + the settlements are a form of aggravation.
so it's ok that the UN took Israeli land in the first place? And building houses is now aggressive?
No the land was British then Pal/Isa The Pal dont want the houses built there so continuing will fuel more anger
so a country building houses on its own land is aggressive? Good to know.
It's not their land, it's an occupation.
So after Israel dismantled its settlements in Gaza what happened? 1/1
Palestinians do not want or even try to make a good effort for a 2 state solution
I think you need a reality check on the history of Israel since its formation & through 67' war & land sessions Gaza & Sinai
@jstreetdotorg Can't you see Palestinians don't want peace they want All Israelis DEAD.   You give an inch they want more more
You are a kapo.
thank you Senator...one has to be blind, heartless and inhuman to not see the injustice @un @ potus @BarackObama
lasting peace will only happen when it is wanted by both sides. Not when Israel's right to exist is still questioned.
Trump won't last a single term before he's impeached you moron. Only simpletons like you support the idiot. You cocksucker!
GFY Dianne, יהודונת חצר מחורבנת!
@jstreetdotorg  God sees you.
Settlements are not the issue. Refusal of Arabs to recognize ANY Jewish State anywhere in the Middle East is the issue.
500000+dead @Syria,Russia invade
Ukraine,Iran got $ to spread terror-
Your place in worst politician hall of shame is secured
+ WITHDRAWAL from ALL OCCUPPIED LANDS INCL. GOLAN HTS + RIGHT OF RETURN. Palestine 1 secular state w/o racist Jewish apartheid
@jstreetdotorg won't be a solution until there willing partners. Hamas will never be that partner. Your ignorance  dangerous.
the attitude revealed in your assumption that "we" will achieve peace... explains why it won't happen.
You can't dictate
You are an enemy of Israel.
Lasting peace settlement betw Israel &  Palestinians/Arabs can only be achieved when they accept Israel as sovereign & Jewish
well said.
@kampeas let's not delude ourselves- addressing Arab anti-Semitism is a must in any discussion of the Arab-Israeli conflict.
no, stopping Palestinian terror is a necessity to bringing peace.
so happy that i never voted for you
You should be ashamed of yourself. Politics over people. That's why Hillary lost. You are next.
the 2015 ALP conf voted that all settlements are illegal under international law in line with Security Council resolution.
The democrats are no longer Israel's friend. Are you now also a pawn of Soros Learn the history of this holiday and stop this
it's Chanukah. Go learn about the history of the Jews and learn the truth!!
Try to explain why Palestinians refused peace before settlements then.
Pre 1967 5000 Israeli dead and wounded when settlements & occupation not an issue. Just existence. Dream on appeaser.
It would be nice if you resigned. You are not a Sen. for the people but an ideologue who has a warped sense of reality
Senator thank you. I know you are a supporter of Israel but sometimes we need to be honest w our friends. WSJ opinion on obama really bad.
Senator thank you. We need more of you in congress. It is ok to criticize a friend sometime. That does not mean we are abandoning them.
Constructive criticism is fine; conflict between friends may also be conducive. Conspiring to undermine is not.
Absolute crock and slap in the face of our ally Israel. That will change on January 20 @realDonaldTrump
up yours jew hater
#Idiotic.
idiot alert!
Palestian peace = subjugation of Jews ,Quran, Sura9,123.(kill them all)
You're an Evil person and God will judge you for your actions!
Well, DONTCHA WORRY, we deport anti-Americans to Palestine, too. You go & blow yourself up over there, K? Deporting 1/22/2016
you betrayed our friends and should be ashamed. #IstandwithIsrael
Are u really that OLD/OUT-OF-TOUCH. Will pray 4 u, as u r really going to need it where you're going.
Ending settlement activity is Not an absolute necessity-The Palistinian's haveNEVER &willNEVER b satisfied w/ Any agreement.
..yup protect illegal aliens, and trash our one ally in the Middle East. PURE IDIOCY!
Thank you from this American Jew for doing the right thing.
a lasting peace is not possible where Islam is involved. Time to move on.
shabbos
UN solutions for the Arab-Israeli conflict have been failing for almost 70 years now.
We've spent 70 years desperately wandering within the UN for a solution
It's time we solve the problem without it..
http://www.israelhayom.com/site/newsletter_opinion.php?id=16253 …
this will not bring peace. It will embolden Palestinians and other anti Semitic countries. Wake up!  Disgusting
You know this UN vote was bad when even Senator Schumer wants Obama gone. @SenSchumer
Dual Citizenship erases borders in the heart. Evicting settlers because of their religion - Is that a path of peace?
Consider Dual Citizenship - one person at a time - as the true path to Lasting Peace for Arab and Jew.
Salient point. But, PLA rejected Camp David proposal where they could have 90% of the West Bank today, had Mr. Arafat accepted
Are you crazy or what? Terrorists dont "make deals" & it was NEVER palestinian territory. Israel won from Jordan in 6 day war
Bull Shit.. Obama is an anti-semite/psychotic lying piece of garbage. Arabs do not WAnT to negotiate. Stop the CRAP
One of few positions where I give her unqualified support
@rhodes44 Really? Daft or deceptive ? @TheDemocrats have left #veterans fighting the war on terror.
@jstreetdotorg ur smoking the good stuff. Settlement is NOT the issue. It's #hatred & #Antisemitism
I disagree
#Trump to reverse #UNSC shameful resolution @realDonaldTrump @nikkihaley #Election2018
You should retire, follow Boxer out the door you are way past your shelf life.
typical mind warped liberal who takes a stance to support our enemy because 'it's the right thing to do'
There is nothing that promotes Jihadist terrorism more than the ill treatments of Palestinians. Why can't leaders see this?
Thanks to Sen Feinstein for a voice of reason. Injustices against any human being being or people are WRONG!
your sophistry poorly conceals your Haman-like hate for Israel... #collaborator
Been tried.  Palestinians reneged.  Let's try UN condemnation & ending of attacks by Palestinian terrorists as STEP ONE.?
In 1967, Israel's lawyer wrote a top secret memo 4 its Foreign Ministry saying settlements wld violate international law /1 @SenFeinstein
Theodor Meron, one of Israel's top lawyers: settlements wld violate 4th Geneva Convention http://themessinglink.com/meron  @SenFeinstein
In 2012, Israel commissioned a report which said settlements were legal (surprise, surprise) BUT . . . /1 @SenFeinstein
the International Commission of the Red Cross thoroughly debunked this commission's report http://themessinglink.com/LevyReport  @SenFeinstein
Is the West Bank occupied territory--you bet it is. http://themessinglink.com/WestBankOccupation … @SenFeinstein
Not done in how many yrs. Definition of insanity. Conclusion=not insanity but deliberate
@SaulHZenk I will tell you that we in America will never solve this. It must be a disused by only the parties involved.
There will never be peace between palestinians and Israeli's as long as there is one Israeli or palestinian
@rhodes44  Only NITWITS think "they can MAKE-or FORCE peace upon ppl!" YOU-& your pals fit that arrogant/satanic description.
The God of Israel know you and your heart. His words for you are sharp and His condemnation of you is sure. Ba'al awaits you.
An "Elitist" & "Ethnic" Jew. You hate and despise Practicing Jews and the Nation of Israel. History has seen many like you.
thank you!
Ending Hamas insistence that Jews must be banished from the face of the earth would go a long way in resolving this...
No strong Israel with strong USA backers like Trump not Obama & Feinstein is what support of Israel is about.
U shd b ashamed
Im half Jewish-am christians support Israel 
Am jews dont?-I always vote life&Israel
The blood of Taylor Force and many American citizens who happen to live in Israel is on your hands.
Continued support of 'Palestinians' by USA and EU is the main cause of persistence of violence in the area.
Maybe the first step should be to force the 'Palestinians' to respect international law, stop terror and incitement.
As you should know, settlement activity is the consequence of international law authorizing Jews to settle their heartland.
Well, then Arabs must go since their settlements are illegal. @SenFeinstein
No, it's Aarab settlements that are illegal. Jewish settlements are part of international law since San Remo 1920. @SenFeinstein
what is this "we" business? A lasting peace can be negotiated ONLY by the parties to the dispute. In other words, NOT you.
You are on the wrong side of History. Read your bible once in awhile ok? It is Israels land & they have a lawful right 2 build
UN Partition Plan insisted no one need move because of religious identity. Think Dual Citizenship - not Jew-Free PA.
@SenSchumer do you agree with this statement Senator Schumer?
Israel is the US number one ally in the middle east
wrong what Obama did was a disgrace! God gave the land to Israel thousands of years ago
you're a good person bc you're doing the right thing. It's our moral obligation to do the right thing #Justice
Did you actually say "lasting peace with Palestinians"?! WOW!!! What was your price?
You may have better luck getting peace with Al quada than the Palastinians.
If you stood on your head and gave all of Israel up you still would not get peace with the Palestinians.
You watched Obama instigate hell with 5 ME countries and preach peace and making Israel behave?
horrible stance. All of Jerusalem is a legal residence for Israelis. Very disappointed in you
Silly me I remember U in the City decades ago supporting Israel. what happened Arabs pay better?
Dems still dreaming. Islamists will never keep peace. They are a totalitarian ideology. They are an enemy to democracy.
Forgotten Gush Katif? Israel gave up GAZA in a gesture of peace, thousands removed from homes, & got Hamas rockets in return.
Nonsense!
Pres. Obama should veto not abstain. Jan 20th, 2017
Can't come fast enough!
Obama worst President!!!
Sorry Senator. I respectfully call bullshit. Impediment to peace is and has always been the Arabs. The Jews hv given enough.
This is accurate.
Today you joined the Jackals against Israel. See attached from Washington Post 12/21/80.
Like the idiots that tried to make peace with #IranDeal? @POTUS @JohnKerry @HillaryClinton @Cirincione @plough_shares #USA

Netanyahu will never allow for lasting Peace. His removal from office is where it must start. Then peace talks can begin.
utmost respect. Been killing each other for centuries. Israel is on top. couple thousand years. Let'em just kill each other
Your point is very realistic and reasonable. Unfortunately, that means nothing to the American right
It's not completely unreasonable, but we should never (1) lie to our friends, and (2) stab them in the back.
Real friendship means stopping your friend from hurting himself. And others.
Thank God.. Finally an ADULT in the room.. Don't you agree @SenSchumer ??
lstng peace comes when ur enemy is defeated. Peace cld be had tmrw if Moslems stopped attacking Israel. It's not complicated.
thank you for having the courage to say the right thing! 
@naomi_dann self hater. Disgusting.
@rhodes44 Unfortunately, many of them also see TelAviv as an illegal settlement. Great peace partners
yet you supported erasure of free speech for critics of Israel 
https://theintercept.com/2015/09/25/dianne-feinstein-husband-threaten-univ-calif-demanding-ban-excessive-israel-criticism/ …
False, But it does help Iran again ( you also supported) along with Hamas whom you support
oust the Palestinians! It wasn't their land in the first place! It is Jewish land!
Good for you!
no! You are flat out wrong! You're supporting terrorism & you're supporting terrorism against one of our best friends, Israel.
Guess this means your husband's company didn't secure the development rights to the new settlements.
And an absolute must for all m/e Countries .
You Madame, are irrelevant like your fail colleagues, sorry, Merry Christmas and Long Live Christianity.
So, you should give your enemy whatever they want with nothing in return...Your idea of how to negotiate is just terrible.
@Israel 
Feinstein & Liberals want Israel to be 100% Muslim
Dems BOUGHT by Arab $
Peace = Soverign Israel
200k muslims have been killed by muslims, millions of refugees created American leading behind & ur focus is Israel?
@rhodes44  2 snakes in the swamp have surfaced. 1 is an anti 2nd amendment witch & the other is just a creative writer.
up yours.  How about condemning Obamas mess in Syria rather than screwing Israel?
if this is such a great policy then why didn't President Obama announced this five days before the November 8th election
thank you @POTUS for your UN vote today.
BS.....liberalism is a mental disorder
once again you show the American people that you have no clue how the real world works!
Bravo Obama it's about time the UN took a stance against the apartheid state that Palestinians have to endure
Does Israel's government actually want peace?
ending incitement and radical Islamic terrorism is reason for no peace.
Shame on you
that does not happen when you back the bully Hamas!
nothing worse than anti-Semitic Jews. Nothing. #WAKEUP #Antisemitism
Amen to that. @POTUS and team, great show of strength. Now let's watch how @realDonaldTrump messes things up.
Thank you for your service. #TimeToRetire
@jilevin yeah now Isreal has no respect for the USA thanks Obama Administration
.@SenFeinstein There was peace & no attacks on Israel before the "settlements", right? You are a liar. At your age. #DemocratsInDisarray
thank you, senator!
The U.N. should have condemned Asad for killing his people.  Intervened then.  Israel and Palestine should talk.
Did Israel's opponents agree that Israel has a right to exist?
.@SenFeinstein @mattduss 

Notice she doesn't (and would never) say "and removing all the settlements"
no settlements in Gaza & there is no peace but go ahead let Syria kill hundreds of thousands of their own it's #Israel fault
Peace? Lasting peace?Do you know the word #Justice? this is what we need.
Peace means nothing without justice. #FreePalestine
SENATOR I've known of the Israel and Palestine division for years; can there ever be everlasting PEACE?
Merry Christmas, Happy New Year's 2017
they fought war for thousand of years..the peace of the two states, will bring us to the end..
. That will never happen no matter what you do. The real goal is to destroy Israel.
It's not a USA mandate to broker peace in Israel and Palestine. If we'd stayed out of Gaza negotiations, no bombs from there.
