(2/2) @POTUS's decision today sends a strong message that the United States still supports a two-state solution.
It was a shameful abdication of our moral responsibility to support the ONLY democracy in the Middle East.  Repulsive.
.@RichMentoCSA @SenFeinstein @POTUS 

Israel is a theocracy-apartheid state, not a democracy. 5M of the people it controls can't vote.
WhT you are acknowledging is Israel has the right and defacto rule of WestBank in law 1/2
.@celtic_briton @RichMentoCSA @SenFeinstein @POTUS 

It exercises total control over Palestine and has done for decades. It is therefore ...
Think you will find that Jordan has the other 77% as agreed Faisal/Weizmann, Turks & Brit
.@celtic_briton @RichMentoCSA @SenFeinstein @POTUS 

Meh. People divvying up other peoples' lands.
I think you will find the legal sovereign was the Turk Ottoman Empire for 500yrs. Agreed
.@celtic_briton @RichMentoCSA @SenFeinstein @POTUS 

Kind of irrelevant.
I am with you both. Peace to the Middle East. #Obamaismypresident
so your actively saying Antisemitism is allowed.effectively every Jewish Person is illegally living in Jerusalem 
Stop with the anti semitism b.s. already! If I say Israel is 2 hot for me, I guess that's anti semitic
did you read the UN Resolution?Making Israel the nation out as evil seems okay these days I guess
3 things cannot long be hid. The sun, the moon and the trurh!
ashamed to have either of you as elected officials
YOU ARE AN ISRAEL HATER & A MUSLIM OBOZO COMMUNIST DICTATOR.  YOU ARE AN EMBARRASSMENT TO AMERICAN WOMEN.
get out of the UN and move it out of the USA
thank for shunning the only friend we have in the region good job hope is coming in January
surprised u consider Jewish Qtr/Western Wall occupied Palestinian territory.  or maybe u didn't read resolution u support?
So wrong
Strong if symbolic gesture from POTUS who asked from day1 for a freeze on settlements. Sen Feinstein Always principled
feinstein supports israel in Intl criminal court and every stupid ObamaKerry idea to screw Israel.
This z wt remains of #Palestine 4 palestinians 2 live n after 70yrs of occupation & colonization mam 
RIP 2STATES sln
You folks just continue to lie...no wonder you loss!
Then quit putting up road blocks.
The Palestinians don't give a damn if the U.S. supports a two-state solution. They just want Israel wiped off the map.
JEW elected officials are commonly called? ISRAEL FIRSTERS! Yet they hold an AMERICAN office.
Shame on you!
as an American I am embarrassed by our country. For the first time in my life(Michelle O) I am so ashamed of my country
@rhodes44 It's 25 years too late for a 2 State Solution.  This is all just a charade.
.@SenFeinstein @POTUS If you are still a liar and a coward at your age, there is no hope for you. #IUsedToBeADemocrat
Very disappointing, you need a history lesson. PA has been offered an independant state many times. That's not what they want.
if Palestinians put down their weapons there would be no war, If Israel did, there would be no Israel
@rhodes44 @POTUS 26 days and you're once again irrelevant. #MAGA
No, Sen Feinstein, it just sends a message to Hamas & Hezbollah-they can keep teaching their kids to stab Jews.
2018 get to work!!! and merry xmas
killed the talks. LADY, YOU HAVE A SHORT MEMORY
first obama term. israel froze all settlement activity to bring pa to the table. they showed up at last minute
i see that you have inherited your uncle's madness. r u gonna retire to union square to yell at the pigeons?
how can you support this backstabber you need to go California has become a joke under your leadership
there is a special place in hell for you and other Jewish liberal kappos. Shame on you!!!

please bo help us
2 states exist already one Arab & one Jewish Israel/Jordan from British mandate of Palestine now 2nd Arab state.
@rhodes44 @POTUS You area shameless hack. I am sure your Bubbe and relatives lost in the Shoah are ashamed of you.
Palestinians never support a two state solution, just old leftist dupes.

Alt right? Your ilk is much scarier.
strong message he is weak
Who gives a damn what you think Feinstein. A new America is soon here and GOD has blessed the USA.
If these actions embolden Israel's enemies and rockets fill the skies over the West Bank, will you still think this?
You are not living in REALITY. You are living in the world of WISHFUL thinking!
amazing? Are you that corrupted as a democrat that you'd betray your own blood.
@MJayRosenberg @POTUS just tell us Senator, where would line be, who whould control boarders will people get their land back
only message sent is that potus hates Netanyahu and is retaliating against a great ally. He coordinated this
you are absolutely right senator.
Full PA autonomy cannot bring peace while war, hatred and the Koran command attack on the Children of Israel.
I love you Dianne, if you were my age I would propose to you #Israel
Sure, settlement issue should be direct negotiation where parties have input, not undermined. Should stand with friends
No, no we don't. Only anti-semite libs back terrorists. Palestinians have no right to W. Wall or Jerusalem...never did
ending your career in the Senate and your husband's likely illegal profiteering would be a big step up.  Retire please!
Toda raba Senator.  You could have abstained from commenting. Instead you took a strong & principled stand.
Like California Reps on #Guns.. 
Say 1thing do another 
@JerryBrownGov Guns At Large Via Ventura County Judges  @SenFeinstein #DV TRO @POTUS
you are naive to say the least to fool yourself into thinking the Arabs will ever settle for a 2 state solution.
you have betrayed Israel
Why would America expect anything less from @SenFeinstein? "Senate Democrats Aim to Block Trump Appointees Until Conditions Are Met"
@POTUS
I'm not a liberal but I can't wait til Trump shows conservatives he's just a puppet. You're all so smug.
I can't wait for the #TrumpTrain #MAGA and ALL the prosperity America will reap. WE ALL BENEFIT.
@rhodes44 @POTUS What message does abstention really send?  Seems more like settling of scores late in the game. #present
Not allowing the Jewish people to pray at their holiest sites sends a signal of hypocracy of liberal trash
Just another sign of obama & democrat's weakness.
#moron
can't trust you politicians as far as I can through you
wonder if you guys truly want peace or you have another agenda that the American people don't know about
sicophant. You have severe mental issues. Get ready to wash a lot more feet
so everyone mad at Obama about Israel but not mad at Trump about Putin.  Who also voted yes at UN
I'm concerned about the disrespect coming from Netanyahu towards Obama.He has consistently disrespected Obama for years
DO U REALIZE THAT JEWS CAN NO LONGER PRAY AT THE WESTERN WALL THANKS 2THIS RESOLUTION. FEINSTEIN,U'RE A TRAITOR 2ISRAEL &JEWS
Thanks. Someone seems more Israelis than Americans!
False you increased chances for violence and implosion in Israel. PA will die now along with your moral compass!
If you cared about 2 state solution you made sure it could never happen with this resolution. Pals will never negotiate
You are wrong support an anti-Israel resolution does not help peace but ends its chances. Dem first Feinstein Jew last!
Wrong morally to support anti-Israel Resolution. Kotel (Wailing Wall) & Jewish Quarter are illegal at UN for Jews?
When are they going to recognize Israels right to exist?  Why has every other time land has been given no peace comes?
As usual, u fail to grasp the reality at hand, & have abandoned the only democracy in the M.E. Will only lead 2 more division
@jstreetdotorg @POTUS 4 weeks until this nightmare administration ends. And u accused Trump of being the anti Semite.
no it damn well doesn't. Your statement is sickening, it will cement your shameful legacy, & u just lost all support from me.
You are an embarrassment to your office
All the Dems can dream about the two State solution. I don't think there would be Tom & Jerry game with Trump administration.
@jstreetdotorg @POTUS oh lookie here @georgesoros @jstreetdotorg savages retweeting another crony sellout @SenFeinstein
: Dianne, us it not time you leave office?  Your presence is now disruptive and incendiary.
You are fit for one another. Clown show. Should be ashamed @SenFeinstein @POTUS
this Israel and Pal issue should be left alone. No UN resolution will bring peace as long as it is one sided...
Your bravery is noted. Perhaps you could get others to speak out on the mounting alliance with a dictator
You are clearly an Anti Semite Senator, and also a despicable human being. Bravo for aligning with such bigotry!
at there is no 2-state solution, moron. "Palestinians" ie: Arabs, will stop only when #Israel is pushed into the sea.
Israel are peaceful people. 
I can't said the same of the Palestinian
You and  @POTUS are despicable excuses for human beings. #StandWithIsrael #Jerusalem #nobama #dontletthedoorhituintheass
@IsraeliPM @hughhewitt Proves you and your ilk have a deep hatred of Jewish Israel.
@rhodes44 @POTUS Thank you for doing the right thing. And standing up to the bully Netanyahu.
only if u think neither state would be Jewish. Completely wrong and foolish!
1- Recognizing Israel as the Jewish State is the first step to peace.  Negotiation can only lead to a lasting peace.
Do u think all your money will protect u from the viscious antisemites like obama? It won't. If u can still pray, do it
@SenatorCollins A good decision to many of us. Hope Senator Collins can agree before DT blunders ahead.
Get your hands out of JStreet's pockets.
No surprise.  You also supported the disgraceful Iran deal.
= colossal morons!
US OUT OF UN     UN OUT OF US!!  U RETIRE!
You are traitor like ur party puppet master Soros, who sold out Jews to nazis. Horrible person. Hillary loss well deserved
They don't have any issues taking money from someone like Soros who sold their people out, do they? Pretty pathetic.
Doing the same thing repeatedly and expecting different result is the definition if insanity.
Einstein
time for Dianne Feinstein to retire.
As long as the plurality of Palestinians support radical Islamic terrorism, the two-state solution must be off the table
Merry Christmas!
I have always admired how you represent your people! But this is not what I can back you on! Please reconsider ok!
no it sends the message we do not support Israel and we support Hamas - wrong! Not a proud moment!
No we the people don't! What are you thinking? Israeli is our friend the Bible makes it clear who owns the land !
.@SenFeinstein @POTUS - Yes, only for another 28 days. Buh-bye @BarackObama!
Proof that liberal Jews can be vicious anti-Semites.  I am embarrassed that CA keeps re-electing such a stupid vret.
One day all Jews will become anti-Semites #Israel
thanks for your principles and a two state settlement  I'm not suprised but shocked at senator leadership though
@punchumgum @POTUS That message would be even stronger if it stopped funding their military!
I disagree. The UN is a broken & faulty tool for peace in Israel/Palestine. Pretending it's useful doesn't make it so.
Just like the US itself.
Only Israel!!!!!
Thanks @SenFeinstein for strong statement of support for Amer decision at UN Sec Council today to oppose settlements, support two states
yes. time to stop rubber stamping netanyahu.
@Carolyny1948 @POTUS Donald Trump has already thrown his two cents in. He needs to shut his pie hole until he's president.
Why should he? He's protected by the 1st amendment, just like you. Don't like that? Oh well.
I'm glad you're ok with this jackass turning back decades of diplomacy in 140 characters.
We have one President until 1/20. Don't like that, oh well
2 state solution is a fantasy that's contingent on 2 partners wanting peace: Israel +?
why?  PA has repeatedly walked away from good-faith deals?  what naivete allows you to believe the PA wants peace?
I am a constituent of yours.  I'd appreciate an answer to the question...
you're retirement will not come a day too soon!!
As usual,  you have no clue about Israel and what is right. #feinsteinhamas
@SenFeinstein @POTUS #maga #mapfz
@LMM1952 The settlements are illegal and regarded as illegal by every country in the world except US, today that changed
I'm very proud of President Obama and our democratic leaders. He made the right decision and we know that.
right decision? what makes it right?
Jerusalem's Jewish Quarter and Western Wall are occupied? Instead should have proposed resolution requiring negotiations.
Unfortunately Netanyahu doesn't. His settlemnts have already killed it. Single state w universal equality
