Be strong. The emperor has no clothes. We are all acting like idiots because ... Trump is  nuts.
If there's real evidence, please share it. If not, stop trotting innuendo as fact. This witchhunt charade is damaging the whole country.
Nothing can b released until all has been investigated and evidence cut and dry. Then they won't know what's hit them the dishonourable pigs
You only need a 'Special Prosecuter' if there is a crime. The only person that has committed crimes is Hillary Clinton..as per Comey. #MAGA
Thank you - please continue to fight for an independent prosecutor.
Its time to move, We have reached the point that either you have evidence or you dont. It appears that you dont
It takes a women to get something done.
Great job Sen we need more Fidelity, Bravery, and INTEGRITY please keep fighting for us
Team sports Japan Russia negioates historical archeologist USA discovery trade market planet jupitor
there is NO EVIDENCE of the Russians interfering with ELECTION!  We THE PEOPLE VOTED FOR TRUMP b/c HilLIARy is a CROOK! Stop wasting time!
Never been more concerned for America that I am now.. reading these comments. Seriously. These are my peers in the USA?! Ugh
Don't let up, Dianne.  We need an independent investigation now more than ever, and representatives like you.  #ImpeachTrump #ComeyFiring
Tim very very dim
Thank you Senator Feinstein! So proud to support you!
If all of you really think Feinstein or anyone else can impeach Trump, you all have another thing coming to you. She doesn't have the power
Thank you!  Please make sure they're truely independent and, most importantly, NOT a commission. That'll go nowhere fast.
thank you Senator.
Omg. Ms media has THIS kind of impact on America??! Seriously folks. Check yourselves. Pray. And THINK!
Thank you Senator!
Haha I'm probably not supposed to be laughing at this haha
#evilWoman  you are 
Well said, @SenFeinstein .  You have voiced my concerns about events surrounding Comey's firing.  #IndependentInvestigation

We need to put the Russian investigation to bed.
You are getting forgetful
Or Hillary should be allowed to appoint the FBI director...
#Trump2020 
To prosecute WHAT???
Will you please be the one that will truly take charge and leadership with this issue.
Why would I want to either see you or hear you?  You're a great reason for term limits.
Very good idea to hear what @SenFeinstein about #ComeyFiring esp about the timing.
You are crazy  when will you get a clue ??
#MAGA
U know there is something 2 Benghazi, investigate this 1st. STOP THE  NONSENSE. Do what is important. WHERE IS THE WATER AND IT'S TAX FUNDS?
This is bigger than party, it's America, there will be no more gop or dems if you guys don't get this done together.  ITS TOO IMPORTANT!
More needs to b done, what the hell r u waiting for, this the american people do not understand. Please for god sake take action NOW!!!
She's trying. It's a slow process unfortunately.
I know it's a process & respect the work that's being done, but something has to give. We r scared of what's next w/ DJT
It's okay. Don't be scauwed.
Strawman uhh Russia is dems tool to derail Presidents agenda. Dems cant defend their radical lib views n have no solutions. #arrogantelites
Not going to happen ! Get over it
You should investigate Hillary and Obama first
thank you!
Where was your concern during all of the illegal things Hillary was doing as Secretary of State?
'I discussed' 'I called for' now what will you do? Go to another Health Insurance Fund raiser?
I NO LONGER TRUST THE DEMS. BECAUSE WHAT I HAVE SEEN TODAY! THEY ARE NOTHING BUT HYPOCRITES.BY BY DEMS.
Yes Demand an Independent Prosecutor now!
Exactly!
Just called your office in support of special prosecutor
Thank you !
If there is an investigation going on right? Maybe, but I don't know yet, because the public should know "He's Not A Crook!" #LosingSleep
Thank you and please keep up the pressure for an independent prosecutor!!
Thank you @SenFeinstein for always doing your job with grace and class.
That's a good start at best. I would have preferred 'demanded' instead of 'called'. Turn up the heat!!
And I called for a pizza. Calling for independent counsel isn't enough. Run and get it & bring it in. It isn't going to be delivered.
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you Senator Feinstein for your hard work on this.
We are so thankful for your service to us in CA-26! We understand this takes time and you and others are leading America to a better place.
I live in Del Mar. I am running an Indivisible group and an ACLU People power group. I am outraged at what is happening in the WH! #Resist
Thank you
U aer right except u can't. Have someobe who trumps friend or work with him campaign
Seriously, your idea of important priorities as intl-savvy Senator, senior California pol, r the fake news talking points? @SenFeinstein ?
Thank you @SenFeinstein Please fight for us
Thank you!
Where is the Republican Congress who is supposed to protect the country and its citizens from the Russian influence in our elections? #1 ask
Thank you
Thank you, Senator.
Concern? Concern? I am concerned about gas prices in CA. I am concerned about my kid finding a job. This is a constitutional crisis! OUTRAGE
You've been schooled... Support Medicare for all or you can just go away because we aren't taking no for an answer!.
These remind me of th letter he got his wacko "physician"to write. Session's doesn't legally count, if new guy belivs the HRC deal= dirty 2
THANK YOU
...what is important to them. If they are swamped, good reason for Indy Investig. I suspect McConnell bc thinks unneeded.U.S. deserves best.
Love you Senator Diane.When there's guilt people start making stupid blunders.Trump says Russia not high on FBI agenda.Let the FBI work on
Thank you!
Thank you
Thank you Senator Feinstein. The American people deserve the truth about Trump-Kremlin connections!
thanks you @SenFeinstein .  Please keep up the pressure & continue to urge those across the aisle to prioritize our nation over partisinship
We need AGGRESSIVE ACTION NOW
 No more words. Do something. Stop the treason and corruption.
Lock up the Kremlin Klan.
Thank you @SenFeinstein!

Indivisibles are not Democrats. They are arrogant, low-information, full of White privilege and misogynistic entitlement.
You get 'em @SenFeinstein! California has your back.
If the Republicans won't agree ask U.N. to investigate, the world has as much to loose as Americans. Actually Americans have more to loose
PLEASE! We need MORE FIGHT from our Democratic Leaders! This is Ridiculous! We American people are NOT STUPID!! Get HIM OUT!!!! #resist
I hope Congress comes to a complete halt until we get answers on #trumprussia! The @potus clearly has much to hide!
Good..its about time.. what are y'all waiting for? For him to drop a nuclear bomb and put us in total chaos
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you @SenFeinstein - please lead the fight for an independent prosecutor! #TrumpRussia (from your constituents)
We appreciate and admire your efforts. Unfortunately you are a woman and a Democrat. It will go nowhere.
Please don't back down on this. There must be an independent prosecutor. Enough is enough.
Sen Feinstein, please advise, how can we in #TheResistance help you in this cause?
Sarah Huckabee ...  press conf inclueded your name that Trump recently spoke with/before firing Comey.
Correction to my previous tweet.  The rank & File complaints were he would not take prosecutions forward to DOJ.
Now how do we help make that happen? #SpecialProsecutor #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
It is information from the Career personnel of the FBI that have complained about the Director because he would take prosecution forward.
Correction, they complained that Director would not push prosecutions forward when there were solid cases.
Thank you Senator! Comey's firing is an outrageous admission of guilt by @realDonaldTrump. We the people DEMAND a special prosecutor NOW!
Thank you for calling for an independent prosecutor.
People act like the Director is hands on in these investigations. It is the professional career Special Agents that do the work.
Stunning!In March she came out of meeting with Chuck Schumer ashen faced and stoic.Not always like her, but  truth.Dems=Truth GOP=SUBVERSION
The petty hatred of @POTUS @REALDONALDTRUMP & loss of election is blinding common sense! Dems. wanted him fired!
Thank you for your leadership on this most disturbing and urgent matter Senator Feinstein.
What if Comey and Rosenstein played trump...so Comey would be fired to open the floodgates of information against trump
Thank you, Senator. Keep up the good work and fight the good fight. Now is the time to stand up for democracy and the future of the Republic
We don't need to waste tax dollars to restart any investigation. There are multiple invs. on going.  Dems. got what you wanted he is gone.
fight for us, for the country
go get 'em
Don't give up!! Keep after them, we've got your back!!!!
Thank you!
Another vote for Trump taxes would be helpful.

And, Sessions got involved with Investigation.
Sessions must resign.

#SessionsMustResign
3/3  America deserves not just answers, it deserves the truth!
Please keep fighting this. Do not give up. We all are counting on you and senator @KamalaHarris . Thank you Senators.
2/3 This is an extremely urgent matter to resolve because it hangs over a sitting president.
1/3 Thank you Senator Feinstein for publicly calling for a special prosecutor to investigate trump-Russian ties.
Google Feinstein 's office & email support! Also email Kamala Harris with same & push your Congressman hard!! Thx!
hey dems u have minority in both houses get over yourselves or else The Hillary email mess will be reopened there is alot more facts thereRT
Thank you Sen Fienstein!
Congress has to step up and put the Country before party. Less than 30% of people believe in Trump and most of them are BOTS
Thank you Senator Feinstein for always representing the California voice of reason. We love you
since a special committee is non-partisan, any arguing against it is complicit to a cover-up. Fair with aim of seeking truth.
And sadly, at the moment, the question is moot.
If this proves to be nefarious, then it must end. It can not continue. A bill should be created that reimburses us from DT assets #MAGAtBill
For wasting our tax dollars for personal gain and treasonous acts that leads to impeachment! 

#TheResistance
Thank you! Please do not give up until an independent special prosecutor is named.
So proud you are my Senator!  So calm, so full of integrity and a refusal to get tossed about on the waves of hysteria.  Thank you Senator!
Thank you, Senator Feinstein. We need your continued strong leadership. 94040
lol yeah your such hypocrite thanks for the laugh
Thank you, I just tried to call you.
Trump is going to get away with everything he has done and everything he will do
Stop calling and take action.

Thank you Sen. Feinstein from a CA constituent for standing up for what's right. Keep it up! Don't let this be "normalized"!!!
It’s a good thing you didn’t vote in support of all of his nominees that are now in power. Oh, you did?
Senator, a lot of Americans are getting discouraged. Something needs to be done.
We are being laughed at Russians in our own house. How bout them optics?
Embarassing
"We have all the funding we need out of Russia," Eric reportedly said.
Eric Trump: 'We have all the funding we need out of Russia' for Trump golf courses
In 2008, Donald Trump Jr. said the Trump Organization saw "a lot of money pouring in from Russia."
@JoaquinLefebre Sen. the criminal Feinstein stop dreaming about the"Russian" issue; wake up and smell the coffee; return to your sanctuary.
BLOCK IT! BLOCK EVERYTHING AND GRIND THE LEGISLATURE TO A HALT. He's a #fascist and #trump must be STOPPED!
I'd rather scrub my eyeballs with brillo pads dipped in acid than watch you babble and drool.
After how many months of absolutely no evidence to this allegation? I am curious, are democraps born liars or did they have to work at it?
Oh just stop it. Signed, #TrumpDemocrat
@SenateGOP @SenateDems Appoint an independent prosecutor. This is just another Trump effort to stall the hearings. MOVE ON ! #ImpeachTrump
Thank you. Keep fighting!
Miss is right. Comey says Clinton broke laws on emails, but recuses he,then other day says Clinton had same emails sent to wieners computor
Haven't you and your friends been screaming about firing him, since u claim he cost Hillary the election? Hypocrisy much?
The hypocrisy of the left; blatantly on display. You're a disgrace and the people who vote for you should be ashamed. #ComeyFiring
Your concerns are mine and many many other Americans. It's disturbing that GOP are so unwilling to state those same concerns. Thank you
Thank you!
Who could they get? Jesse Helms is dead isn't he?

Thank you @SenFeinstein
@RepSusanDavis - If our Senator is brave enough to stand for Truth, Justice and the American way, you can do a little more too. #Resist
Thank you Senator! This is an issue of tremendous importance. Please don't stop until you get the truth!
Thank you Sen Feinstein, so proud to have you as my representative. Looking forward to your pushing along further investigation.
Thank you.
HYPOCRITE. Where was your call 4 independent prosecutor 4 Fast & Furious, Benghazi, IRS Targeting, Hillary's email. This is why ppl hate DC.
Good for you!  It's time for impeachment! The Liar-in-Chief needs to go! @HalfAnOnionShop @SenKamalaHarris @alfranken @CNNSitRoom
Insist on a Special Prosecutor No business in the Senate until one is appointed
Stop wasting tax payers money!!
Grateful to live in California. To our two Senators, Feinstein and Harris, for calling for a #SpecialProsecutor again and again. #Impeach45
Didn't you say something along the lines that there was no evidence just last week?! #TermLimits #Retire
Thank you
I do not like you Enough of this ridiculous Russian stuff My President did nothing wrong
So proud of you Sen. Feinstein
Fun fact: Bill Clinton fired FBI director William Sessions. Along with all republican US attorneys.
My father @realDonaldTrump not have any ties to Russia except business and political. Nothing illegal he done senator lady! #ComeyFiring
Thank you.
Same old song from Feinstein,  look appalled, clutch pearls, and head for the fainting couch.
Thank you for speaking out @SenFeinstein. Keep fighting for us and continue to call for an independent prosecutor.
Is it true Comey asked for more funding and people to investigate Russia per the NYTimes article?
Thanks @SenFeinstein for leadership. If Repubs don't agree, Dems need to take action and shut down Senate. #SenateWalkOut
Thank you Senator!
Thank you Senator Feinstein.
Let Comey testify.
we are with you! the US needs Congress to stand up and demand an independent prosecutor! #WhereThereIsSmoke @KamalaHarris
Thank you, Senator Feinstein
@Plantflowes  Senate needs to do MORE to stop the destruction of our democracy
What do you think about an independent commission to investigate Trump's ties to Russia?
There isn't any evidence, you said it last week.
Thank you Sen. Feinstein.
Can we have a public senate hearing with Comey, Yates and NY AG?
EXPEL Trump/GOP for organized CRIMES of climate denial, fossil fuel pollution, racism, misogyny, bigotry, lies, corruption
The GOP is ignoring the Constitution to cover for Trump, who is being unlawful. No more Ms. Nice Lady, please. Time to take off the gloves.
@RavMABAY Thank you!
