Why does the left think everyone is week and unable to provide for themselves. Help them fix their country so we can fix ours!..
Wish Dems looked out for the people who they are supposed to represent and not how to spend our taxes elsewhere!
Maybe then, Ca's wouldn't be out of work asking for handouts and waiting for hope from an oppressed state who are busy helping others! Hello
We spoke on Nov 8th. I don't think you got the message. Here it is again.
Lame duck president can't get own party to back him. No bills passed. Now who didn't get the message? Really Really Bad

That is as inane as your last pic. Is that all you got?
Wisdom on a sea of madness, you are our beacon of righteousness, our country needs your wisdom more than ever, god bless you.
Ask Germany what they think. Maybe you could open some empty room so in your house to a couple families!
Really??? Since when?    Like always....legalize and forget it
Why do you want more? Do your duty and support this Government.
Very true we are not doing enough for American homeless, veterans, children, elderly maybe we should fix our problems than help the world.
@senfeinstein has usefully forgotten about the 12-14 M "refugees" taken in across our S border. Or the MMs of immigrees taken in over time. US needs a pause to absorb and recharge.
Pause to absurb? @POTUS is PROMISING MILLIONS of NEW jobs! Who's going to work them? We don't have qualified, unemployeed people! #SMH
Please cite the source of your remarkable statement, particularly vis-à-vis the shocking growth of both the number of individuals receiving public assistance and the dollars spent on entitlements
1) The unemployment rate is at 4.4%. Pre-recession it was 5.0%. (Bureau of Labor Statistics)
The unemployment rate is a rigged statistic. There are thousands if not millions that aren't counted.
what is our part?
Why do we need to bring in 45,000+, give them money, a place to stay, and educate their children? We can't afford unlimited charity.
What liberal excuse will you give when just one blows up a school?????
@wjcoop Open boarders unacceptable also. You just want more illegals to give handouts to increase Democratic Party voting rolls. Shameful!
Yes, but that's all trump et al need to work at their businesses!
Dianne prefers foreigners over citizens. The Dems are at peak for US voters, they need to bring in fresh uninformed meat.
That's,45,000 American job given away.the cap/ 0 until our nation is re-built stop exploting dreamers, minorities, refugees, 4 Dem vote
Terrorism is not a good reason?
@potus & admin think all immigrants r criminals & just take jobs away from US citizens, both of which r exaggerations
Seriously? You are delusional!
We do MORE than our part!
Why should legal citizens be less important than illegals??? Please RETIRE!
Really? Like you?
Wrong
YES, IT SHOULD BE 10,000,  YOU THINK?
If you feel that strongly, then let ALL the Refugees go to your state since there’s no good reason not to.
Make it illegal for abortions and we wouldn't need one single immigrant however they would still be welcome legally...2 much common sense.??
Agree, 45000 is 45000 over the limit. You just want more free votes.
we didn't seem to have a problem letting Christians be exterminated. Now what's the problem
#shut up
Nixon brought in something like half a million Vietnamese in a couple years. Tent city at Pendelton.
Diane, respectfully, if you were a refugee right now would you want to come into THIS? Pretty soon not being a white male will be criminal.
We have the Trump admin & Congress unwilling to stop the disaster. We should ask how many US political refugees other countries will take in
unaceptable is paying for them
Our country should stop blowing up their homes, then we would not have a refugee issue
I disagree with you Senator 45,000 people is plenty and he's the president so sit down and shut up
Are you not supposed to be one of the leaders?  Step aside and let's get back to common sense government
Our country is stuffed with racists and xenophobes, and it is governed by the party that represents them
Good that not all people are as ignorant as you are.
We need to care for then in their home country not drag them thousands of miles where they don't fit in.
None of it makes a difference. If the immigrants are so awesome, why can't they be awesome in their homeland?
bigotry - the only reason.
Okay Dianne I love it when you step forward. The theee cities San Francisco & Sacramento especially around ur home can accept more refugess
We've "done our part" for a long time. No democrat ever says what is acceptable number of refugees is. So what's acceptable??
Right bring in more, keep wages and working mass down
Interesting that Saudi Arabia won't take these refugees.
No its perfectly acceptable
We are with you Ma'am. https://g.co/kgs/H1Tfek 
Isn't the refugee crisis a direct result of the US policy of regime change? We broke it we own it, right?
You clear have forgotten all the illegals already here.  We know you're old and it's time to retire.
who says the cap is 'unacceptable'?  Not me...
Just wondering how you feel about HS gathering intel on immigrants,including legal residents and naturalized citizens social media accounts?
Racism. Xenophobia. Those are the reasons. Vote better next time America.
Yep...
14 million American children live below the poverty line! Low income Americans struggle daily  when will u work 4 America???
Diane I’m sure you have room in one of your homes
Inform President Trump on what The Statue Of Liberty stands for
fear mongers and cowards - a deadly combination
...but the wealthy need a tax break 
Safe to say most if not all are trolls. They flock to Sen Feinstein, proving the Russians see a true threat in her.
They flock to Elizabeth warren too. This is a rough crowd. Makes me sad of this many Americans have so little empathy. So misinformed smh
How many tired, hungry, and huddled Americans need our help first? We have a serious problem in the U.S.A that needs to be taken care of.
I heard you're comment on the tax reform, you need to realize that Cal. is a boat anchor and stronger boat is needed to keep you and you're selfish "specials" afloat. So come row with us.At least till the boat gets going.
Why do you want to turn America into a Muslim country
WRONG AGAIN FEINSTEIN
This barely provides for the PR 'refugees'. All the brown skin ppls coming must be giving Dump a cold sweat.
That would only be 45000 #votes for democrats. Of course you want #more !!!
There are manyother countries to assist as well. If the UN were functional these regimes wouldn't exist. Your political posturing repulsive.
Thank you for speaking for how the majority of American people feel!
As they are fleeing certain death, I am betting they will take their chances. #Americans in danger... Not so much.
Yes, a refugee cap of 45,000 is far too high.
Well step up and share your home with all the people you want to help.
Do your part!
ENOUGHYOU BLOODY FOOL. NO  WILL BE RUN OVER WITH THEM IF THIS CONTINUES. MANY WIVES BREED LIKE Rabbits AN TO TOP IT OFF THEY ARE SCUM
Please tell me SOMEONE let trump know that this, in fact, does not include Puerto Rico and USVI because they are Americans?
Especially because of all the wars you cheer lead for, more refugees are inevitable.
You need to work to create conditions in their countries so that this problem is not there. Remove Assad with help from CIA, problem solved
HOw much should be the cap. All of them , We constituents end up paying for these refugees.
@benchten The clown @POTUS gave all our spare change to the pentagon.

Term limits for politicians, cap age @ 80 yrs. Seriously.
I DONT WANT ANY REFUGEES IN MY COUNTRY!!!   YOU ONLY WANT THEM HERE FOR THE VOTES!
Right on!
Totally unacceptable the cap should be set at 1. 45,000 is WAY TOO HIGH
We have 5,000,000 children that go to bed hungry every nite ..why isn’t it acceptable?
Are you nuts! When my grandparents came from Italy  there was a cap! What happened to it? You self-indulgent Californicators must go!
The only thing that will please the Left is NWO Open Borders! We know that! Reduce the cap to 10k!
Please focus on actual citizens of CA. Plan is to raise tax of middles by eliminating/capping state and mortgage deductions. Work for us pls
You have hurt us enough with sanctuary cities, ask Kate's family
Shame on you
Take care of Americans living in America first and then we talk .
I want 0 refugees in my country
California is 1.7 Trillion in debt.  How do you plan to pay for these refugees? Poverty %  in Ca. Is the highest I'm the country . You fool!
So gather up your colleagues and DO SOMETHING!  How can we help?!
You can open the doors to YOUR home, feed them, teach them, clothe and bathe them. You and anyone else that wants more foreigners in the U.S
The refugee camp should be (0) Zero
I agree it's unacceptable. Should be zero, not 45,000. In fact we should be deporting as many as possible.
Why do we have to do "our part?" Fix their country and stay home. We don't owe the world anything!
And what country would that be.... Israel? #openbordersforisrael
You are corrupt and an idiot!
Take them in to your house. Adopt all you can afford. Build the wall!
OpenbordersforIsrael.
Just say no!! Enough already.  You need to focus on helping your existing residents.
Residents or citizens?
I'm sure being in Congress you have a big house. Make room for some refugees yourself.
So what to be done about it. All Democratic Senators start impeachment process yesterday.
The dogma lives loudly in me !  +++
This president is and will always be a racist. If you are not white and not "Christian", you are not welcome as far as he's concerned!
Clarice, let the millionaire racists NFL put a cops UNIFORM and deal with the crime neighborhoods.
Yeah right! Sick of the whining!
Our part?
You can open the doors to YOUR home, feed them, teach them, clothe and bathe them. You and anyone else that wants more foreigners in the U.S
Our country has done more than its part for decades!
Except racism...?
The 50,000 homeless veterans are completely unacceptable. You're not doing your job. Either get to work or resign.
Welp @GOP thinks fascism is a great reason to do it. You know, keeping it pure and all. How long until the exterminations begin, I wonder?
MayB the best way to honour the flag is to take care of the people it represents #PuertoRicoNeedsHelpNow #WhatsTheDelay #GetItTogetherDHSGov
NO We have OUR refugees living on the steets @SenFeinstein ! No one gives a rats! And those ppl are OUR VETS! EXPLAIN THAT TO ME PLEASE
Not doing its part?
$135,000,000,000.00 of your tax dollars to support lawbreakers. Every. Single. Year.  #IllegalAliens https://twitter.com/foxbusiness/status/913185489464807424 …
Impeach and Convict. POTUS has overplayed his time on the comedy tour
Here's a good reason.
Everyone should look to St. Cloud, MN to see what happens to a small city targeted by feds for refugee resettlement. https://refugeeresettlementwatch.wordpress.com/2017/09/24/st-cloud-mn-a-microcosm-of-the-battle-ahead-for-cities-targeted-by-federal-refugee-program/ … 
Here's another.
Michigan: Muslim teen pushed 'Americanizing' mother out 2nd story window to her death https://creepingsharia.wordpress.com/2017/09/18/muslim-teen-honor-kills-mom … #sgp #sharia #a4a #lnyhbt
Um..billions to countries that hate us, millions to illegal aliens. And you want more debt?
Here's one good reason.
Media Ignore Mass Shooting In Tennessee Because It Doesn't Fit Their Leftist Narrative http://dld.bz/ghehg 
It's unfortunate that most of the commenters here don't understand what is meant by a refugee. I agree with you, Senator Feinstein.
Feinstein is equivalent to Hollywood, media and Sports Elitists!
OUT OF TOUCH, DON'T LIVE LIKE MOST HARD WORKING AMERICANS!
How 'bout for every additional refugee above 45k that we import, we deport an equivalent number of Antifa folk.
Europe is reaping the consequences of open borders. If those 45,000 are extremely vetted fine, if not too many. CA #crime #bankrupt #demexit
In Germany right now, I'm assuring you noone is walking in fear of refugees I actually feel safer here than in Boston.
Yeah, that's why Brexit, no problems
Have you seen what’s going on in Europe?

Have you seen what’s going on in Downtown #MountainView CA?
There are Middle Eastern #Beggers now!
Stop bitching about everything the Executive Branch proposes. GET OVER IT. Lying, dishonest traitorous Clinton LOST
So what do we all do to #standup to his nonsense?
Dianne you really are a FRUITCAKE!!! SMH
I know, right. It should be somewhere in the neighborhood of 10,000 and remain there until our own issues are resolved. Healthcare & taxes??
Look at Germany, Merkle absolutely regrets the policies she implemented. That is a very good reason to cap the # of refugees
This country is not a battered women's shelter of the world, you'll have to find a different way of getting new voters if u want 2 b elected
So agree
You suck!
Why don’t those countries in the Middle East want these people?  Increased terrorist threats.  If it quacks like a duck...
Zero would be acceptable, you open borders, Socialist scum.
You are sadly my Senator, haven’t you seen what’s going on in Europe? You want to inflict this scourge on your grand kids? Sad
Is it really racial injustice? Don't think so!
We the People decide who comes into the country. The President WE elected can make whatever number he decides is appropriate.
Come on people we know the truth... California liberals need illegal and minority votes to win. Let's vote out these scumbags
Shut up we don't want your voters
That’s 44,999 are too many!
You cant be serious.  Saying our country is not doing its part is the most blatantly ignorant thing you have said today.
Get himm off NFL .. BS . STOP. REALY HOW MUCH DONALD T PAID YOUR BLACJ ASS FOR LYING.  ..HUUUYRRRAH
Is this in reference to the homeless in SF?
Probably to many.  How about sending some of them back where they came from.  I like President Trump more every day.
Should we still be patient with trump? No? Good,glad your realizing!
Jesus God!  Is there really nothing we can do to put the breaks on Trump?
Typical left wanting more votes at the expense of hard working  taxpayers. The cost to this country far outreaches the gain. Give give dem
Why is that unacceptable?  Give us more than some vague tweet.
how many are YOU housing?
You have plenty in Californication lady. Be thankful for what you have.
Is the money going to come from your picket, no you expect to come from the American people
Are you putting them up in your house Feinstein?
Senator, w the hundreds of millions of refugees we'll help create by doing nothing on Climate Change, discussing 45k is a bit disingenuous.
Fucking laughable!
Multiculturalism is destroying America. There are different cultures that hate each other which means division in America. Which is not what we want.
You are a Russian bot.  Tell Putin America says 'suck it'. @twitter when are you going to address Russian bots?  A real American is asking.
It should be zero.
I agree, we should do more. We are a nation of immigrants
I say it's to many!!!
No that number is plenty.
I don't think @POTUS knows our population is declining. We need hard-working refugees for our economy!
MAGA
Why do you care more about aliens than our own citizens?
we the people say that s 45000 comin in to many no more terroists allowed
the
Okay...as soon as you can tell us and guarantee which of those 45,000 aren't going to kill innocent Americans...we'll think about it.
Refugee camps never become uncamped.
45 is unacceptable
I do not agree with you Senator.



Really? No good reason at all?! Geezus, no wonder dems keep losing







Why is it our responsibility to take more than that

















