9 of 10 Calif. farmworkers are immigrants. At least 5 in 10 are undocumented. My bill provides legal status:
WHITES APPPLIED FOR FARM WORK
MAJORITY WERE NO SHOW REST LEFT EARLY FOOD ROTTED. FOOD COSTS GO UP EVERYONE HARMED
...TRUMPS.GOAL GREED 1ST
Protecting farmworkers from deportation is a win-win. It helps our farmers and the hard-working immigrants who put food on our tables.
Muhahahaaa Feinstein is such an A$$hole
Pay a decent wage and there would be no problem. taking advantage of the immigrants for far too long!
Where are all the Americans lining up to work on the farms and other industries that immigrants contribute to??
Honest question; Why isn't the solution for farmers to charge more for the fruit and raise wages until documented people take the job?
It's not just the low wages; working in the fields in <100' is dirty, back breaking hard work. Most people won't do it at any wage
A lot has been mechanized, but many crops are too delicate or don't ripen all at once & requires human touch
Unemployment must be at record lows.
Ask @realDonaldTrump, where's all the American workers willing to take this low paying, dirty job?
@wjcoop Easy solution. Get all the people on Welfare and food stamps out into the fields to earn money coming from hard working Americans.
And yet you want to give everything free to illegal immigrants

It will make produce prices shoot up.  We already have to pay twice as much for half the amount. 
American people want Trump impeached collusion with Russia
I don't have a problem with any race being farm workers as long as they are here legally.
Or we could stop sending money to the Red States & let them sink because we all know Red States have zero brain power & innovation & future
Military is going to run prisons. They'll bring back chain gangs to work the fields
There are many men on the streets unemployed, go hire them first. People who do not understand marketing shouldnt
Put those on welfare to work!
Californians all got there own weed business need imagrants to do manual work but trump fucked that up  child labour to keep up with china
Let's all applaud the "Farmers for Trump" brigade! They only have themselves to blame. Building a wall to keep their workers out ? #MAGA ???
So you agree with working illegal immigrants at near slave labor ? When it comes to jobs, you pay decent there will be workers
tRump's careless disregard of human lives. I need to step away for awhile. I am now having serious ugly thoughts, this is not me .
Dianne, farm work is one job you can do well.   It's never too late to try.
and CA voters really do want a new face in Congress.
The lack of water is probably much worse...
So we should bring in more illegal workers right?
You want more illegals? Husbands business don't have enough?
Also very important....you need to fix the immigration laws rather than breaking them.
Ok then let's talk about our food system! It is unsustainable in it's current form,and exploits workers.
THIS IS THEIR MISSION, TO DESTROY OUR AMERICAN FARMERS,SO WE WILL BE FORCES TO BUY FOOD FROM OTHER COUNTRIES,THE FBI NEED INVESTIGATIONS NOW
Tell your lazy ass constituents to go to work and stop using illegal slave migrant workers
The wall is really going to help that. I'm sure American workers are just dying for those jobs.
Offer jobs to Trump Supporters
@realDonaldTrump NEVER thinks about consequences of his actions. His racist view of #MAGA very much hurts America.
Maybe Trump's Family can pitch in and do the work. Sure they have never done a hard days work on their silver spoon lives.
You put so many stupid regulations and deny water to them what did you expect!! #outoftouch
lol your funny.... its called call the unemployment off or man power like we do when we need help.
Have you considered time limits for welfare, section 8 housing, food stamps? When Americans can't rely on someone else, they will seek jobs.
The long game: Remove the migrant workers, de-educate the population, Eliminate the middle class. Create a feudal system.
Because u build your economy on breaking the law!
How about stopping the freebees, and making them work for benefits, instead of not working? I work for benefits.
Just like rasian bran after the fruit and nuts are gone nothing left good luck Dine_On
I am sure it is not just Cal that is suffering. Our food will be outrageously expensive going forward.
Well those Counties voted for the #TraitorInChief, #Sad
Well, American teens and jobless people, it's time to get off your anti-immigrant behinds and pick produce. Someone's gotta do it.
Shortage!!!! With all the illegals here already how can that be!?! Guess they want my job instead!!
trump is directly 2 blame 4 this. Aren't there actions you & other senators can take 2 reign this type thing in which disrupts the economy?
Maybe Trump has a line on where some could be found. He got them for his place.
Surely there are some liberals sitting on their butts collecting welfare that could do the work..
Do everyone a favor.  Quit your job and go work on the farm.
What's terrible for your states economy is the 1.3billion$$ paid in welfare to illegal immigrants over last 2 years in LA
Yes , please import another couple of million illegal aliens for the corporate farms to exploit for profit while tax payers pick up the tab
Trump doesn't care because he lost California 
Yep
Maybe the farmers should try and paying a wage that would attract workers instead of exploiting illegal aliens to boost their profits
You have to start paying those teenagers to pick
You're to blame. Keep telling lies and trying to get government to control our lives.  Won't happen and you should really retire asap.
Make all the free loaders work for wrlfare. Problem solved.
Get your people off welfare and let them go to work.
I caught flack about this a couple of days ago. Where are the displaced Americans who don't have a job.
Welfare pays more and illegals will pick for practically nothing.
So
BS
You want slave labour
So there is no legal unemployment or able bodied citizens on public assistance?
6 million illegals in Calif & we have a shortage of farm workers? ARE U FNGING SERIOUS? REALLLLLLY? OMG the damn sky is falling. Geesh
2.35/2.6 million illegals in Calif & we have a shortage of farm wirkers? ARE U FNGING SERIOUS? REALLLLLY? OMG the damn sky is falling. Geesh
It happened in Georgia and it was a disaster.
Don't let trump close to the nukes! 
Re-enact the WPA. Trade welfare money for work or is free money a government entitlement?
So maybe they're not paying enough for US workers?
Do the democrats do anything other than bitch and moan? This dose nothing. Start supporting our president immediately #maga
Sad that so many don't understand how bad it will be for the rest of the nation when the crops aren't available and are $$ when they are
So sad we will have to pay a few cents more so big agriculture has to hire US workers
1st this affects small farms more than corp. 2nd it's not going to be a few cents.When crops rot and $$ jump let us know how works for you
The majority of farms are run by Big Agribusiness. Why not support prison reform prisoners repay society picking crops
Automate.
Jobs for Trump supporters
You pushed farming out of the state and country what do you expect.  Farmers need to pay more
IMPEACH TRUMP
We knew this would happen. Ignorant whiners, "they're taking all our jobs!" Well, here's some jobs folks... Go work!!
Why don't you ask the California farmers themselves. Remember the constituents you are supposed represent instead of fake news sources
The market will solve this, the easiest of all problems
Time to encourage those precious little college students to work during the summers.
Gut some people off welfare Diane and give them a job
Our state should have developed a migrant worker program decades ago.  You failed and are trying to pass the buck.
Ooooh, an "NBC report".
The most terrible thing for my home state's economy is Democrats. I just returned & you are making the Golden State Illinois! Infuriating.
No more slaves for you Senator!
Blah Blah Blah
More Fake News lies lies
Well..take all those collecting welfare checks and put them to work.
Use our prisoners. Pay them so they have money after their sentence is complete
How many people on food stamps? It's time they start working!
Tell @StephenMillerAL to pick up a get his bright and best a to California,  pick up a basket and start picking.
Dianne
There was a news report here that said, farmers are having to go to legal avenues to get workers.
Like temporary work visas
Oh no GW say it's not so!!!!
Americans won't do these blistering hot & hard jobs at gunpoint! If ALL migrant labor could risk a 1 week protest, we'd ALL SUFFER PLENTY!
Thanks, 45 and ICE. Why don't you find people for these jobs? Better yet don't ruin good people's lives playing to racist fears in 1st place
President Trump wants to weaken the Western states any way he can.
Your state is near bankruptcy. Cry us a river.
Yep.  We gonna deport em all.
Gonna have to raise wages and not count on taking advantage of illegals to line your donors pockets, which then line yours.
 industry
Why can't Americans work? That is the real question.
Surely there are some unemployed republicans in a compound somewhere that are looking for work!
No that's the Left. Always looking to redistribute someone else's money
Send able bodied Americans who are on welfare to work on the farms. There should be no free lunch unless you pick it yourself.
Get some citizens who are able bodied and unemployed to work.
You ever live on a farm any idea what happened before you were even born on a farm your victim creator mascots for votes
That's okay , when you become your on little country, get all those illegals you want !!!!
Like U give a flying leap about our state!! Just bring in so many illegals like U do 2 vote 4 U! Get them to work,  NBC "NOTHING BUT CRAZY"
How can there be a shortage of farm workers when 1 million green cards are issued per year and farms are automated? Sounds phony.
Hire American  red white & blue making farmers out of you!
what our states unemployment rate again?
I think Cali is being specifically targeted with some of these policies. The country/people be damned!
Of course we are!  Trump hates California!
Deedee, a shortage of workers means rising wages. That great for workers. The lib's in CA should be proud to pay a few more cents for fruit
Pay more. Hire Americans!!
How about this; in Spain  they bring seasonal workers to do the faring and the send back when they don't need them!!
This is a Downright Lie @SenFeinstein Sheesh ! 
Anyone can get a work visa and you know it !
Why must you keep up the Lies ?
Maybe they should send all of those out of work coal miners that all voted for @realDonaldTrump to pick the strawberries.
They live on the other side of the country moron.
Trump said upstate New Yorkers looking 4 work should "just move". Coal miners don't want to work if they don't want to go where the work is?
We all need to send this to @realDonaldTrump. Inundate him with it. Let him know that his base will be impacted with expensive produce.
There is perpetual shortage of farmworkers...because ag wages need to increase...stop the aliens keep wages too low
Ironically, farmers are Trump supporters.  The immigrants suffer because of it.
She is talking about people here illegally.
Maybe you can rustle up some people out of one of those tent cities that are everywhere.
Yes, it is.
what elitist bullshit. If you care, why don't you leave the senate and work on a farm?
Where are all the white folks who cry about immigrants stealing all the jobs? Get your lazy butts out there.
Only rrason u care os dor the cheap illegal labor
The Central Valley farmers voted for Trump knowing he would deport their workers. Maybe the #RustBelt unemployed can pick crops
Unfortunately Sen. Feinstein trump does not recognize California is a State. @Michael36776349
Thank you Sen Feinstein!
Let those famrmers hire unemployed workers a few weeks of training & the unemployment rate goes down everyday simple fix.
The point is people do not want these jobs that immigrants do. Just watch the price of food sky rocket
I was a restaurant owner years ago, foreigners want just as much as the American citizen pay, I would always get frustrated with them drunks
It's not about pay. It's the fact most Americans are too lazy to do that kind of work.
Oh come on people call empl agencies hire & stop barking knockout welfare & get  working big deal pay a buck or so more p/hour support 
NBC, Really? You mean the DemoRat Propaganda Network? No News there, they say what you want them to say.
Paging Trump voters... here is the future employment @GOP meant for you to have. Hurry out and get it!
Let's see how Trumpsters continue whining about "how illegals take all our jobs" breaking their backs for food on our tables.
