
Wow! An unelected executive gov. body doesn't have authority to unilaterally create law? Must have come as a shock to you.
An automatic weapon can only fire automatically if it has readily available bullets, a bump stock can fire automatically if it has readily available bullets and semi automatic weapon... so how is it not an automatic weapon?
Ah @ATFHQ care to have your tech branch weigh in on this please?
Let's name the senators that won't ban bump stocks!
ATF lacks funding to enforce gun law. Period. #fundtheATF
Tell us again how gun laws are going to stopping killings.....I'm sure you can use stats from the gun law mecca, Chicago to make your point.
We must pass gun control legislation now!
Can't, it's a fundamental right. You can't take it away.
How is selling a bump stock not accessory to the crime of manufacturing an automatic weapon?
You tell them, Senator.
I saw you are running again. I thought you were going to retire and help make our country great again.  What happened?
You said it yourself "There is NO legislation that can prevent this from happening" why? B/c it's people that KILL people!!
All about militias. Read it.
Lol good pun pass the "buck"
Our President has the biggest gun of all. Concentrate on the person who declared his intentions when it comes to the nuclear arsenal.
You're in the business of making laws. You know that, right?
No the only answer is to start teaching mortality and abandon situational ethics. Unless we have a right to murder? Didn't think so.
I thought you said, "the gunman will lay down his weapon and turn himself in when he realizes no one else is armed."
was he ill informed?
I support your efforts Senator!!
Corrupt politicians kill more people than bump fire stocks
The bump stock is so insignificant. Look instead at the cities where most gun crimes occur.
Those CITIES have 2 things in common
1) Run by Dems
2) Highly Restrictive gun laws

Only the criminals have the guns & laws AREN'T enforced
Beyond untrue. States make laws, not cities. https://www.thetrace.org/2016/10/chicago-gun-violence-per-capita-rate/ ….
Those states... also blue.

Please focus some attention to the crisis in Puerto Rico.  I don’t see the Democrats doing anything.  You must act now.
Why did YOU pass the buck in 2010?
Don't. An bump stocks ban Feinstein!
No more posturing. No more bowing to  men of wealth. Make this the law of the land don't let Ryan do only regulation.
This is too little too late. Ban semi auto long guns.
Speaking of buck here’s a compromise.Attach bump stock ban bill to the President’s Tax Reform. A Win Win that Dems&Deplorabls will Support
Yes, legislation, - because you corrupt Wallstreet-owned pieces of sh*t are incapable of critical thought, reason.
Then how did they allow them to be used in 2010? Did this without congress.
Not going to happen you don't have the votes
WOW

So what about all the other things that BATFE has banned?
yes kicked the can down they road now for 16 years on most thing now time to act now act like senators too
Leave our arms and accessories alone! #GoodbyeDiane #RetireNow
Will congress now put back in place, where President Obama left it, that the mentally ill cannot buy arms, or do want more Vegas style shoot
Sad that in an age when leftists think Trump is literally Hitler, where the NSA and government has unfathomable power, they want to disarm.
Then why are you tweeting about this and not working with other senators?  TALK IS CHEAP.
Banning liberal democrats would be the best thing we could do !! They are the cause of most all our problems !!
Legislation is not going to be the answer fore everything you know its time to be a big girl and take matters into your hands and not whine.
We need tax relief too period!!!!
You are a lawmaker, take action to change law instead of constantly debating in public arenas
write laws that exempt politicians is all that's ever passed
#votedemsout
funny you didn't say the same thing when Obama usurped the constitution  without congressional approval.
I disagree.  Congress doesn't always get it right and this would be just one more example if they banned another inanimate object.
Why...Obama did in 2010 when they authorized the sale of bump stocks #hypocrite
And we’ll be banning NOS boosters for vehicles as well, I presume?
We aren't worried about such minor fixes. All assault weapons and additions must be legislated now.
beginning to think you own stock in Slide Fire company who manufactures bump stocks wouldn't be the first time u made money off ur position
Republicans do nothing but obstruction and buck passing. Besides playing golf .
Legislation is not the answer
You mean you're not passing THIS buck
That’s another Obama deficiency
You lie
So they have zero authority to ban sig-braces? Glad to see a senator setting the record straight on that. Now go inform the ATF.
Bump stocks were authorized under Obama 
#ThanksObama
How many times. he did NOT. Please look at the facts.
Tell that to morally bankrupt coward Paul Ryan!
The ATF determined that bump stocks do not violate any law.
Done deal, get over it...
Thank you for speaking the truth
Possession of a machine gun A gun that fires automatically is already illegal you're a waste of time
Bump-fire stocks do not need to be banned. No more gun control legislation!!!
If only there was a way for you to be in the position to enact some sort of legislation...
2:38pm.@SenFeinstein of California
Ryan knows this. NRA should not be so ensconced in govt.that the right things should be done for America.
You’re missing the target with a bump stock ban. Focus on mental health and proper due process procedures.  The object isn’t the criminal.
Get tax reform, healthcare, wall built, end DACA, and Katie's law passed and then we'll talk about bump stocks. #MAGA
Add the Bump Stock bill to Tax Reform
Was there not also 50 lbs of explosives in his car trunk? How does this not deserve investigated? Very frightening to think of the death's!
Do IT CONGRESS!!!
Legislate now.
Do it
Wasn't it the AFT that allowed the sale of bump stocks u can't just throw stuff on shelves in America if it takes a law I say no keep them
The atf banned sig braces. So Im not sure where this loon gets her info. Its well within the ATF's authority to regulate under current law.
Speaker Ryan certainly passed the buck, calling for executive action not legislation (which he controls).
We really need to control the #AutomaticWeapons strictly and nationally too. But #bumpstocks too. #BanMachineGuns #BanAutomaticHandguns
BATF already does! NFA been in effect since 1932 and there was a revision in 1986
Not going to happen. Millions already in the hands of gun owners
#StandardCapacity
Seems "the time to talk about gun control" was not when the massacre occurred, and now it's passé....#NRA bets and wins in LV,
What did the NRA do in Vegas?
Can ATF change the definition of an automatic weapon, which would make the sales of a bump fire stock worthless?

Liberals love guns. When they’re in trouble they call someone with a gun to come help instead of defending themselves
Why didn't the ATF bring this to congress 7 years ago to stop there sale? How can this not be investigated for negligence to protect public?
That's the very least Congress can do!  Seriously.  The very least!
Knee-jerk reaction because of 1 #FalseFlag incident? Leave our arms and accessories alone!
Obama put the bump-fire into effect. That's Democrats right???
That’s sad
any legislation trying to ban bump fire stocks will contain legislation to also expand the ban on firearms
Exactly! Every reason to NOT ban bump stocks!
Getting pretty tired of burying people.
Really? Let's ban alcohol if you actually are tired of burying people. #ProhibitionTake2
