House Republicans are moving their health care bill through committee even though it’s only been public for ONE day.
.@SenFeinstein Sen Feinstein, you & your colleagues voted for #Obamacare that made healthcare worse.
House Republicans are moving their health care bill through committee even though it’s only been public for ONE day.
Obamacare ruined the insurance market. Now monopolies are in place with rising costs.
29 million are still uninsured - many due to rising costs. It's failing right before our eyes.
If you need the entire nation to be enrolled for it to work, something is seriously wrong with that plan.
Stand strong, sane America supports you!
You aren't addressing all the "insureds" who pay for insurance with high deductibles making them waste their money.
let's get a CA only version written by Dems
it's not #TrumpCare, it's #TrumpDoesntCare
CA SB562 single payer/illegals /abortions CA on own. You want to secede. Looks like you are!!!  Between HC& sanctuary state
unfortunately you need to convince the Republicans to completely reject it.
@TuxcedoCat Merkaouski and Collins hate the planned parenthood portion. Work on them..then the Medicaid Senators
I think the twitter handle should be #trumpdoesntcare
stand with #CalNurses and fight for #MedicareForAll . Let CA be the leader in healthcare & set precedent for the nation
California hell. Your state is in terrible financial woes thanks to you Pelosi and Gov. Moonbeam.
Thank you. We need a CBO before vote
You support everything else Trump has done, why stop now?
@DavidKoechner Not forcing people to buy insurance is not the same as leaving people without it. Free choice is a good thing.
Thank you for fighting this fight. This plan is a disaster.
Stay strong and continue to fight the good fight for us!
Thank you for fighting for us against the #Trumpcare #Failure
keep fighting for us!
Thank you for defending the ACA Senator!
And vote no, no and no.
Sounds good to me!
are you talking about the illegals. The Great, scratch that, The Welfare state of California.
fight against it, Senator. My family will not be able to afford a doubling of premiums. THIS WILL KILL THE MIDDLE CLASS.
Most of us were better off before ObamaCare. Friends and Family can't afford it, or even have coverage options. Time for something New!
Thank you!
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @SpeakerRyan  Money over People, that is your M.O.! #Hypocrites #unpresidential #LiarInChief
Thank you Senator. Keep fighting, we are all fighting too, we got your back.
Finally she awakens from her sleep to oppose this.
California devastates itself
shut up illegals don't need health care they need to be deported!
I've heard we're looking into single payer here in California.  Best State in the United States.
Thank you @SenFeinstein
thank u for standing up for what is right.
I work in healthcare and its out of control...we have way too may freeloaders the tax payers!!
Thx for fighting on this...real ppl have their lives on the line...GOP does not seem to care.  Healthcare is not an option!
then you, the other Dems and a few Rep's need to stand up and stop it
it would br great if CA could chose to abide by american law before asking for another cent from lawful states.
Really???? When are you going to concentrate on California?
Are you defending ACA? Meet with them and express where you disagree!
Im not tryin to hear you until you face constituents in your home state without us having to pay $10K for Hancock Park lunch.
Me too.
@realDonaldTrump SHAME ON ALL OF THEM! The GREED is astounding! I don't know how they sleep at night. Evil in their  & souls.
YOUR greed is astounding. Socialists are worthless.
Thank you Senator Please fight against this Stand with Planned Parenthood
So you're saying California is full of freeloaders & your economy sucks. Maybe fix that & fix the real problem?
The @TheDemocrats is imploding! No choices, Massive increase in premiums and deductibles
just what "millions" of people would be without health insurance, illegals & refugees????
Devastate illegal immigrants????
bs
how do u feel about this new BOOM in job creation???  GO @POTUS keep fighting for us!!!
just educate trump supporters in your state to what THEY will lose if TRUMPCARE becomes law
PURE GREED
thank you
thank you
NOT  trumpcare.  Republican law makers wrote it (behind close doors). #GOPcare or #Republicare ...

How many Trump nominees have you voted for? I lost count.
think its 50%--thats a moderate for ya. Trying to leverage for herself, not her progressive state.
I think you've already caused the devastation in California.
