@tammij20824 @JudiciaryDems Senator, Democrats should give what they got from Republicants--nothing. Say no to Gorsuch.
God bless #NeilGorsuch God bless #NRA
God bless America. God bless the victims and families of gun violence.
amen! God bless the victims of heroin  flooding through southern border
God bless victims of meth labs in predominantly red states. Anybody else you wanna "bless"?
also see Detroit, Chicago, for beacons of liberal progressive destructive policy
Thanks!
R U so senile that U can't remember voting for Gorsuch 10 yrs ago? He was confirmed UNANIMOUSLY-REMEMBER?
Wow, you are sooooooo old.
You make the laws and Judge Gorsuch simply up-held YOUR LAWS .. Take responsibility for YOUR mistakes
FILIBUSTER hard or your political career is over in CA. Serve us or we'll find someone who will, corporate tool
Also, your offices aren't taking calls anymore, and that is simply unacceptable.
thank GOD i live in Texas ...Sen Fienstein your agenda of removing the 2nd amendment are FAILED and will continue to FAIL
Not a single appointment should be approved by Dems while this administration is under investigation.
time to #halttheprocess @trump has comitted #treason and nothing important should continue #trumpsrussia
FYI. Gorsuch SCHOOLED you and your fellow degenerate, anti american, democrats.
Read this, think about how stupid you sounded & looked. I voted for you now embarrassed http://www.nationalreview.com/node/445994/print …
Please do not pre-capitulate on Gorsuch. Real humans need you to fight now.
Is this where you post the latest news about how you are going to strategically fold like lawn chairs???
Vote NO! Do not give this stolen seat to a right-wing extremist nominated by a treasonous President.
How is it "stolen"? You people are insane!
Filibuster this stolen seat. Should have been in the streets over Repubs refusal to give Garland a hearing.
It's not a stolen seat. What BS!
to hell w/you and your agenda SenFienstein ...Gorsuch is the BEST man for the job DESPITE him NOT having YOUR best interest in mind !!
QUOTE: there is no such thing as “super precedent.” It is not a legal term so it is meaningless.JUST VOTE NOW
Please say NO to Gorsuch. Trump does not deserve the right to impact our highest court for a generation or more
#DianeFeinstein, #NeilGorsuch is an honorable man, unlike the liberal progressive activist judges u support
we demand a filibuster #stolenseat no hearings or bills considered until #Trumprussia is investigated #shutdown
are u simple? did u not watch the hearing? they nsa/cia already stated ZERO evidence exists
Dems should refuse to participate in the Gorsuch Hearing. Until Russian investigation is done NO Trump nom.
How do you live with yourselves? Character assassination of outstanding judge all in name of party politics!
#NRA is extreme? U ma'am, are the extreme leftist student of Saul Alinsky! NRA represents millions #NeilGorsuch
PAUSE this hearing. Do not give any legitimacy to this appointment while Trump under investigation.
please call for an #IndependentCommission on the Russia investigation! Americans want the truth!
You must block Gorsuch! You have block powers for a reason - the time is Now! No deal, no vote, 8 is enough.
Halt Gorsuch hearings While treason is possible. Will Repubs really end filibuster? They lose next election.
No vote on Gorsuch.
SenFienstein you WILL NOT further your agenda against the 2nd amend. you will NOT succeed in taking guns from LAW ABIDING AMERICANS !!
, you are not a #leader, you are a #GOP #colaboraor. #Resign, and let Californians elect a decent senator.
@JudiciaryDems
You are busy with this but must also investigate House Intellegence Committee #Nunes #IntelligenceBriefing @SenFeinstein @JudiciaryDems
Terrific job during Supreme Court Hearings!  Very good line of questioning!  Must vote no.  Trump illigitimate @SenFeinstein @JudiciaryDems
Senator,Please explain how the answers &comportment of Judge Gorsuch differs from Justices Ginsburg& Sotomayor
Nothing but a filibuster will do. Voting "no" isn't enough to show the consequences of stealing a Supreme Court appointment.
.@SenFeinstein @JudiciaryDems LIAR-Diane Feinstein Falsely Claims She Put Women in Jail for Having Illegal Abortions http://www.lifenews.com/2017/03/22/diane-feinstein-falsely-claims-she-put-women-in-jail-for-having-illegal-abortions/ …
.@SenFeinstein @JudiciaryDems Judicial Branch shld not like/dislike shld employ Logic/law-no emo/pers bias Justice=blindfold/balanced scales
.@SenFeinstein @JudiciaryDems Your team is embarrassing us as Americans. The Judicial Branch is not a politician's paid for tool.
Thank you for sharing and really questioning Gorsuch! Glad you're representing us! 
Seriously why would I follow @JudiciaryDems? You are all acting and looking absolutely ridiculous. Not to mention childlike.
PLEASE SHOW LEADERSHIP!!
For the citizens of your country, stand up and walk out of these proceedings.
Walk Out!! Do Not Vote for this Judge!! @realDonaldTrump is under investigation FBI. Stand Up Dem!!
POSTPONE Gorsuch UNTIL #TRUMPRUSSIA INVESTIGATION IS OVER.
Please leave these hearings! There is no reason for the Democrats to be involved.
Your sham committees serve to expose the under belly of the swamp dwellers.  U make new Republicans every day.
Completely sickened by the depths of dishonesty & manipulation by Dems who cannot put  country B4 their party
U should B ashamed of yourself 4 criticizing Gorsuch.  His record is far superior than anyone in congress.
watch you make a fool of yourself no thanks!!
You embarrassed yourself and California in the hearing yesterday. Try to be prepared next time.
@SenFranken @SenHirono The 3 Stooges
Updates of you getting schooled on the law?!   super precedent??   poor Dianne, almost feel sorry for you. Almost 
you only want LIBERAL judges who ALWAYS VOTE liberal yet many cons.judges vote with liberal judges..shameful
im a Brit democrats like you are destroying a once GREATJudeo/Christian nation..the country is lawless and democrats back it
Thank you, Frank! You are right. We have a lot of insane senators here like @SenFeinstein. Up is down, down is up.
Don't all of you forget to thank Harry Reid for confirming Judge Gorsuch!! Remember..don't forget! Thanks Harry
do you understand the role of a judge? Apparently not... he will not side with Corporations or " the little man" he will side with the LAW
Be real! We need SCOTUS to be on laws side that's why lady justice is blind, u rule on the law not PC feelings!
It was refreshing to watch Judge Gorsuch smacked you down with your dopey questions. He said do your homework
NO TO GORSUCH! Dont let the Republicans get away with stealing the SCOTUS seat!
NO TO Gorsuch. STOLEN SEAT!!!
@msnbc @maddow Do you really want to give a spot in the supreme court to a President who did not last 100 days?
What difference does it make? Criminals will just lay down their guns... Right?
Democratic Party is Going Extinct.
he only follows the law.
, Senator you need to ask the judge if he will follow the rule of law Roe vs Wade? He seems to say that
.....What we don't need is another liberal judge in the Supreme Court.
Follow the rule of law. If you don't like what's in the Constitution then change it......
you mean the embarrassing display of dems bc they lost n care more about them then the country?
You want a "living Constitution?" I suggest you research a procedure I thought you might know: AMENDMENT!
Senator I am ashamed of you and your outlook of our Constitution. It would mean a lot if you'd step down.
vote no to Trump Care, or Trump No Care!
Screw all of you #unconstitutional #libtards time for you all to #retire
I'm not sure who was more embarrassed, and intellectually thumped: You, Franken or Durbin.
please don't allow this farce continue STOP all cooperation with this now please
please don't validate this stolen Supreme Court seat buy a president who worked with the Russians to attack USA
you guys need to not even attend hearings or vote in committee or on the floor this is stolen pick by a stolen
Put on hold til FBI concludes investigation.  No a treasonous POTUS should have this right. Need know outcome.
It's Time 4 BiPartisan Select Committee&Independent Special Investigator=BLOCK Gorsuch TrumpUnderINVESTGATION!
Evolve out of office. No senator should serve more than two terms !
train to where?
.@SenFeinstein @JudiciaryDems The US Constitution will survive without fascist Liberals like Feinstein @SenJohnMcCain @TheDemocrats etc.
as a California voter I support and endorse The Honorable Judge Gorsuch wow!
@MSNBC we were amazed at what you said about the constitution and that judges can rule however they want
The constitution should be evolving and judges should vote accordingly. What a crock. Retire your past due!
US Constitution an evolving document??? What's the point of having a constitution then? SCARY!
the constitution is not a living document  Many brave people risked everything to create this  must follow it
You are making a fool of yourself. Figures you are from CA. Stop already. Laughing stock.
Bias is so unfair. No wonder this country in bad same people like you make it impossible to get things done
please delay this nomination until Trump has been cleared of wrongdoing. Remember Merrick ....
you should retire
do your job
That's right Senator, he FOLLOWS THE LAW! How refreshing.
and today @SenFranken is the winner of most embarrassing..and with a straight face like U did yesterday
Update: Witch Trials: 1692 US Constitution: 1789. US History, heard of it?
You should boycott the hearings.
I'm surprised you know when it starts since you don't know if dems have a strategy and "hope there are good ?s"
watching now and Gorsuch is an absolutely amazing Supreme Court Nominee!
no woman was burned at the stake in Salem witch trials. one man was killed did you know that? learn history.
If you don't confirm Gorsuch, you deserve to lose your seat. We know you don't value the Constitution and law.
please tell me you plan to filibuster Gorsuch.
You voted for him in 2006 . What has he done since that changes your mind ?
NO hearings before criminal investigation of trump over.
NO Sen hearings 4SCOTUS nominee of POTUS under crim investigation.When investigation ovr thn hearings proceed.
ALL LIBERALS R BABY KILLERS
- "Constitution is a Living Document" - Wrong Senator FineSwine-Is The Senate Now A Nursing Home/Dementia Ward?
You got owned, grandma.
dems are making yourselves look so damn pitiful and petty. seems you like legislating from the bench so wrong.
Call out to all Dems. Anyone who votes for Gorsuch gets primary contender/loses job.
Why are you even having a hearing? WHERE ARE YOUR SPINES??????
Please fight hard to oppose #NeilGorsuch his appointment would be devastating to the country! DON'T BACK DOWN!
a career politician accusing someone for not being for the little people. Ha. You're pathetic.
Delete your career. #democrats #schooled #SupremeCourt #GORUSCH #tcot #Trump

Vote No! Corps over People will destroy the USA. Nothing more destructive to the American ideal. It's Feudalism
how does it feel to get shut down gorsuch made you look ridiculous!
epic fail @SenFeinstein on the 2a question. Gorsuch is a good man! and will do a great job. @potus GO TRUMP
Judge #GorsuchHearing from Colorado state, where marijuana's legal. What are his views on marijuana drug laws?
Yeah, let's ask him those real important legal questions.
i want to know how Gorsuch feels about the constitutionality of no hearings for merrick garland.  ask him
Why allow #GorsuchHearing for #SCOTUS when #TrumpRussia investigation is ongoing? #RussianAppointee ? #STOP
