Non
Goodmorning no
Senator, please help us get rid of automatic weapons; we need to have the right to some expectation of saftey! #GunControlNow
With all due respect, your thoughts and prayers are valued, but it isn't enough. Please fight to end gun violence
You tried to outlaw the bump stock. Which was what was used in this mass shooting. Huge respect Senator.
What are you, Senator, DOING to stop #ViolentWhiteMen? #mandalaybay #StopTheNRA #EnoughThoughtsAndPrayers #ActionNow
Your prayers will do nothing.  Get machine guns out of the hands of everyone.  It’s a military weapon.  Work on that instead of praying.
Do something. Stand up to the NRA
You understand that this man broke the law.  Stricter laws aren't the answer.  They only inhibit the law abiding citizen.
NOONE needs to have access to automatic assault rifles. Laws need to be changed
Do your research, they weren't fully auto.  Fully auto are outlawed for civilians.
Does it matter. No civilian needs a semi automatic weapon
A better solution would be to make killing illegal.  Chicago has the strictest gun refs, check their stats.  Laws don't work!
Please propose an #assaultweaponban !
Louder Di.......help us.
And when it turns out to be one of the militarized liberals you and your party along with fake news has created and incited ? Gun did it ?
Beyond comprehension anyone could carry out such a massacre our thoughts and prayers with you
I hope to hold on to the belief that humankind is progressing into a better thing, but our species continues to war upon itself.Hope•
Thank you for not political sizing this
Words are not enough. We need leadership on gun issues, NOW!
This is not good enough. My family and I will be burying 2 family members because of this and there is a silencer bill coming up.fix gun law
Stop praying and start acting. Protect us from this terrorism!
Need more than your prayers. Need leadership on #guncontrol. Need it yesterday. #HowManyMustDie
Call for gun control or retire. Call for impeachment or retire. You are failing to represent California
Make California gun laws into National laws. #GunControlNow
#GUNCONTROL
Keep fighting against these horrible weapons Senator Feinstein! We need your voice now more than ever!
Enough with the prayers, let's start with sensible legislation to end gun violence.  Maybe start by looking at Japan, England, Canada......
BAN THE ASSAULT WEAPONS BEFORE ANY OTHER ACTION TAKEN IN CONGRESS.
Tired of hearing the same old song and dance about thoughts and hearts. Sensible gun control now.
Prayers are meaningless. #GunControlNow
How about supporting common sense gun laws??
Criminals don't follow laws
Criminals also don’t follow laws in other countries & other countries don’t have mass shootings as much as us or at all. Pointless argument
Good people no doubt
And my heart goes out to all the Babies you MURDERED
Christians were praying, Diane. Should they b prosecuted
Thank you Senator hearts go out to the entire families of those killed we are Americans and we stand together
So many more people would've died in Vegas and think of how many more children and teachers would've died in Sandyhook.
Please vote against the approval of gun silencers; the SHARE Act up for vote this week.
"Devastated" are the victims family and friends. When is enough enough for Congress?  DO SOMETHING.
Push for gun control now!
@SenateDems @HouseDemocrats Pass gun control laws now!!
Why the hell don’t you and the Democrats in the Senate and in the House do something? Shut our country down until we get rid of the guns!
Senator, skip the prayers. This time, go to your GOP counterparts' offices, pound on their doors and demand they do something for once.
Security vs Safety. Our condolences. God bless America!
But what will you and other lawmakers do to prevent the next one?
PLEASE do something about this like...gun control. It is about time @SenFeinstein
Prayers = blah blah blah.  Do something. GUN CONTROL.
What can we do about access to these weapons, @SenFeinstein ?
Stop praying and introduce gun control legislation!
Get rid of the NRA string hold on the House and Senate.
Get rid of the guns. Please and thank you.
NRA must be shut down. The effing Gun Silencer Bill in the House must be destroyed and never come to vote. All we hear is talk. DO SOMETHING
Even worse is that some of them are either uninsured or underinsured. So, they'll get a big bill to pay through no fault of their own.
spare us your thoughts and prayers and do something about gun violence
Tell us what steps you will take to get automatic weapons out of citizens' hands?
Again, Sadly, the shooter was a disgruntled mentally unstable Democratic.
we're all devastated. only a few of us, oh, about 617 of us, are called CONGRESS and capable of doing more.  GET TO IT!!
#whitesupremacistterror
Senator, Thanks for your kind words. To others stop politicizing this horrible tragedy.
How many times must we as a nation, be devastated due to gun violence?  How many times must we offer prayers for senseless acts of violence?
i got an idea how about standing up to the nra and have some gun control
Right on queue Dianne. How about something useful. Reintro the assault weapons ban!
What abt gun laws Sen.Feinstein? The NRA is too intrusive in our politics, policies, our life, our safety & a pres. who condones violence .
What abt the right to use silencers law the GOP is sure to pass bc they have no spine and love for country is replaced by love for money.
Gun control #defeattheNRA
I don't agree with your politics, but I certainly appreciate that you didn't attempt to politicize your heartfelt condolences. Thank you!
Prayers for LV
Please eliminate auto weapons and lg capacity magazines!!!
I am devastated as well. I'd also like to know what you are doing to make sure this never happens again.
Where the hell did he get automatic weapons?"
Senator-I know you have fought for some gun legislation that might help: but "prayers" have now become empty political verbiage- need action
Add a Special thanks to those regular folks who used their cars as ambulances to rush the injured to the hospital.

I need u to protest on senate floor, call it an emergency gathering of Democratic leaders. Protest and hold the floor. We need #GunControl
Good job Dianne! I am proud of you this time!keep it up!
Senator Feinstein, I am calling on you in lending your voice. What I ask of you is this, PROTEST until we have better #GunControl laws.
Common sense gun control needs to be addressed now. Don’t let the GOP & NRA derail this.
We need common sense Gun Reform #GunControlNow . The @NRA needs to be stopped. Please @SenFeinstein, stand up to them !!
stop praying and start legislating  Ban all assault weapons.
But what are you doing about it, Senator?
You know what would be more effective than condolences & prayers- COMMON SENSE GUN REFORMS! #BanAssualtRifles #thisismadness #NoOtherCountry
Common sense changes will help. #EndGunShowLoophole for starters. Thoughts and prayers are small comfort to families of the  deceased.
it would appear we are seeing the continued wimpification of first responders:  no effort by them until they believed it was safe: pulse#2
Thank you for fighting for better gun laws. I'm devastated that your cowardly colleagues haven't done more.
When will Assault Weapons be banned by civilians? Horrific shootings at concerts, ballfields malls, schools, movies,Niteclubs, Gabby Gifford
Call it what it is - terrorism-  and act accordingly.  #Enough
Hey Dianne, No Massacre! Just another fake, staged shooting using paid crisis actors. We know you want our guns but we will not obey! Bye!
Past time to pass much better regulations on guns. "A well regulated militia....."
I wonderful if we were not in such a hurry to let in, let overstay, with little or no vetting this would have happened.
Do you accept campaign donations from anyone involved with the NRA? Do you submit legislation that would ban the NRA?
GOP + NRA = DOA
Do something about gun control
We need more than prayers. Our politicians need to focus on gun control.
We need fewer prayers and more gun control.
America is LIVID at Democratic ingrates who are selling the SOUL of our country to the devil. Deal with the SOURCE of evil vs. the symptoms?
You may be Praying for Las Vegas but the rest of us are CURSING you Lawmakers for allowing Military Murder Toys in the hands of Psychos
Then do something to stop TRUMP!  You know he's causing this uproar in the US!
My God be with all the people in Vegas
Thank you to the citizens who cared for each other and transported the wounded out of harms way and to hospitals
I’m with you, hugs!
Prayers are not enough. What action are you taking to prevent this type of terrorism from happening again?
Please do more than pray. Stop the NRA’s tyranny.
Two words. Gun control. #guncontrol
Then don't you dare let the silencer bill pass.
Not good enough, Dianne.
This Senator is a survivor of a shooting She has been fighting tirelessly Direct your anger towards the NRA & GOP #guncontrol
In civil society,concertgoers,performers,event mgrs shouldn't have 2 fear such sudden violence. We also pray 4 peace beyond understand'g.@AP
It's time to take on the @NRA !
I don't remember your condolences for the Antioch shooting victims...
Pray then DO SOMETHING!
Stop paying. It isn't working. Do something else. ANYTHING ELSE.
Enough with the prayers. Sensible gun legislation must be passed NOW!
Agreed.  But please start the conversation about how to prevent another incident.  Remember 101 California?
It's time for #GunSafety laws in the USA. Nothing else will stop  #terrorism & slaughter of innocent lives. #ThoughtsAndPrayers don't  help.
I agree, gun safety is always better than gun control. I'm all for mandatory classes before you get a permit.
Do something! Change Laws

DT wants a ban. Maybe looking in wrong place- u think. Put a lid on guns. Point 1 at someone is terrorism. 32000 dead last year from guns.
Have you seen the #NRA commercials? They are calling for a civil war. The NRA & their money must be stopped. Now. Before more lives lost.
Now isn't the time for "prayers".  It's time to end the farcicle, cynical abuse of the #2ndAmendment.
Yes of course.  But Senator...I think a pervasive and actionable outrage is more important here.
Yes, we are lucky that the good guys with guns outnumbered the bad guy with a gun. It usually takes a gun to silence a shooter.
Thank you Senator Feinstein for these words. USA needs kind & honest political leaders. Ms. Cruz in PR did not care for her people.
I don't want to hear about your prayers! Pray silently. But act publicly. 

You're a Senator! Fight the NRA & GOP. The USA has had enough.
You have known gun violence from Moscone to 101 California.
Please don't let this silencer bill happen. Bring back assault ban
Meanwhile, @GOP wants to allow silencers, trump administration rolled back gun restrictions on mentally ill and @NRA pushing fear propaganda
POLICY, NOT PRAYERS.  ENOUGH.
People ran and took cover because they could HEAR the shots. Please stop the approval of silencers! Please. Please.
No one in this country should have guns like that except military.  Why would anyone other than police needs multiple weapons? Insane
Then FIGHT HARDER against the NRA Senator! I'm sick of it too!
#GunControlNow
So much tragedy  to overcome 
#NoAssaultWeapons #TooManyGuns
If Congress does a minute of silence, I will literally throw up. Let's have legislation so this can never happen again. #Enough.
HORNS OF A DILEMMA: A terrible tragedy that Trump could use to demagogue, but no minority group to target with divisive rhetoric. #Impeach
"and we'll be voting down the gun silencer bill and addressing common sense gun control." Finish your sentences.
Devastated really? You will forget about it tomorrow. But I bet you already started gun legislation
Cause you know, all criminals follow laws
NRA supported Trump  $$$$$$and GOP BFF 
No critical necessary questions from their nasty side expected
We deserve better than this. Be a leader. Do something.
Now common sense gun regulations?!
Remind ppl-
Support a repeal of the 2nd Amendment
Thank you, please @SenateGOP @SenateDems @HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats  @POTUS be leaders/heros/humans and pass common sense gun laws NOW. TODAY
Congress needs to do something about this. No more "thoughts and prayers." Legislation.
Fight with all u have and don’t let @gop pass the law to make it easier to buy gun silencers. @nra has bought all of their souls
Hi,
I am a #graphic Designer
here is my #Fiverr Gig
if you need #logo #design then please Contact with me.
You think it's a good day doing business!
