If our healthcare doesnt it look like Canadas i don't want to hear it and I won't accept it.
I hate to be a pessimist, but I can't see that ever happening in America, unfortunately.
I know. However I rather make the demand and have that expectation then have apathy
Absolutely.
In the current situation apathy is probably dangerous. Most USA citizens of been guilty of that for at least two or three decades
Agreed. IMO you have a weak Dem Party that had their foot on GOP' necks in 2008 and took it off. They're just too nice. Result is this.
No there was no foot on the neck in 2008
At any rate, to control both houses for 8 years and not get a single payer system in place is questionable.
I didn't think that things could get worse and I was very wrong. Please tell the others… We've had enough
The laying of hands in the oval office the religious bullshit religion in our schools all of that has to go. Now
You people should only get what the most vulnerable of the people get..so let Congress pay for themselves. Right down to the bodyguards
Can we impeach the GOP en masse? (asking for a friend)
What is it gonna take for American politics to be honest and trustworthy?
overhaul it with what ???that is the problem no one knows what to replace it with put it back to the cmtes that is the process
The only picture of irresponsibility is the 8 yrs of Obama that got us into this mess AND the continuing defiance of the Dems.Do your job!
For every life loss government @GOP must b held accountable 2 the highest @TheDemocrats
The democrats appear to be doing nothing to fix the ACA mess, less rhetoric and more work TOGETHER please.
so what plan do you or your party put forth to replace or improve obamacare? I mean other then bad mouthing the GOPs plan
Thank you Sen Feinstein for your work on a hard long night on the floor!....ps....you looked BEAUTIFUL in a pretty PURPLE (SEIU) dress!!!

Trump PROMISED better coverage NOT less
WHAT THE FUCKIN FUCK??!!
and what health care plan do you and other members have??? Obamacare, not, so what improvements do you have for health care
Ok Dem don't be like Rep and set on your ass for 7yrs develop amendments to ACA once McConnell open it up to the senate floor- no accuses
There's a special place in hell for McConnell.  Hopefully he can do some prison time first.
And our deficit will skyrocket with taxpayers being saddled with the burden of the uninsured. Pharma, Koch, Mercer have bought Congre$$.
Why are you the only person talking about this?? Lol
For over 200 years ppl have been managing their own healthcare in this country. What's next is that they will go back to doing just that.
been this way whole time even gop doesnt know whats in bill just 13 men
And...stupidity and endemic in the #WhiteHouse
No, that occurred when you passed Obamacare
Feinstein for President 2020
Feinstein is just like the rest - only going to do what Campaign Donors pay her to do - money talks & bull shit walks = makes us mushrooms 
I would think it's more like criminal
Ya..that's because it's unaffordable dummy.
You're in the Senate, and can actually DO something about this?
If they succeed, Next is getting rid of social security, welfare,all food stamps,minimum wages,human rights, etc, etc.The republican dream!!
Beats what YOU did to the USA with ACA.
Agreed!
Thank you for helping the American people!
The height of irresponsibility is working 1/3 year, claiming to "represent" Americans required to work full year. #socializedmedicine
Not necessarily..they know that THEY will still have healthcare, and piles of money from lobbyists. The way ahead is clear for THEM.
Yea and the height of irresponsibility is certainly helping democRATS gain  LMFAO@u democRATS
Get to getting then
you mean like Pelosi said we have to pass the bill before we know what's in it wow Dianne Feinstein why would you say such a stupid thing!!
Second only to the people who voted for OB care
Thank you for your continued efforts in this fight against repeal with no replacement. Keep it up!
You don't know what's going on
Open debate. Get with it.
Dah,Dah,Dah! Dems r Daft!
Dem's u did Nothing!
I appreciate your clarity on this. Keep up the fight. #KillTheBill
Irresponsibility is at a pretty high bar for them
What do you have to offer? Our policies have more than doubled. Democrats offer nothing...only obstruct!
Doubt Obama knew what was in the ACA. Otherwise, why would he have said "if you like your plan, if you like your doctor, you can keep them."
Perhaps irresponsible to vote w/o understanding but is it despicable and deceitful of the GOP leaders to present this.
If they think they will demoralize us by passing a repeal, they don't know this #Resistance!
Sanctions to all of those Sanctuary Cities & States that do not conform with Federal Law.   Build the Wall!
Repeal Obamacare.  As U.S. Citizen, I paid huge amount of taxes so welfare recipients & illegals can ejoy what I can't.  Repeal Obamacare.
You voted for that train wreck. You don't get to lecture about irresponsibility.
Senate Republicans are moving forward on repealing the Affordable Care Act with no idea what's next. It's the height of irresponsibility.
@UnitedWeMust when governing body votes in no bill at all were fucked Sen.
You are one of the last people who can lecture anyone on irresponsibility.
Same thing u  did with Obamacare! Remember? Now go #RepealACA & get real healthcare 4 Americans! Stop your stalling & be part of Solution!
And all they going to get vote out when their seat are up for reelection
Like when you passed the ACA before you read it ... More Democratic BS..
at least they aren't lying their teeth out like you guys did when you shoved Obama care down our throats. Jerks
As long as Obamacare is gone, we'll all be better off!
So....do you mean like your party did? Wasn't irresponsible then huh?
Dems are forcing #GOP to do what they have to do (procedurally) to replace #ACA. Dems #Fearmongers
There was nothing there before so what!
Like u didnt vote on oc which everyone of us has suffered from. Double cost and 3x higher ins.
You and ur dems screwed it up 4 everyone.
Hahahahahahahahahahahaha
Here is a novel concept - if you want health insurance get a effn job. They come with something called benefits. Trump wants to create jobs
Irresponsibility is letting the dog out. This is calculated maliciousness fueled by greed.
The height of irresponsibility was passing that #Nonsense in the first place!
No! Irresponsible was when you Democrats started this crap with no way to pay for it. But you lied to voters and insurance companies...
Twitler speaking to our boysouts eerily reminded me of Hitler and his youth groups. It is by design and nothing else
How many years has it been since they were @SenFeinstein ??
History is relevant right now from WWII.
I believe we're living in dumbing down of America and our families not ensuring that children know Historic events from past...
So much gratitude @senfeinstein for fighting as if lives depended on denying their evil plans, because they do. #NoRepeal #NoTrumpCare
No, your party is the "do-nothing" and "keep- whining" group of irresponsible people who should be impeached! You're sad and pathetic!
What's irresponsible is all these years you & the Dem party can't find a way to get rid of this Traitor & help the GOP get a realistic clue!
There in it to win it. It's party before the people.!
Disgusting!
The republicans have had they're pay day and now insurance companies are waiting for they're pay back
A few GOP senators I'm surprised &  really disappointed with . This country is not going into a ditch anymore ,but engulfed by a sink hole
tRump is a false prophet that the GOP is following. GOP needs to get a backbone & do what's right. #ImpeachtRump
ACA was the height of irresponsibility and you are a huge blame! Real Americans are on the edge with you greedy power hungry liberals!!!
All you do is hide behind the young and old that you claim are sick with out insurance. Well I am old and sick and my drug bills $10,000.00
Both should be abandoned and come up with a reasonable plan.
Senators, amend until recess. Save our health care, save the US Senate
THUNE told me to expect all-nighter THURSDAY night into Fri, with final vote whenever Ds tire of offering amendments
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-07-25/senate-gop-votes-to-debate-health-care-plan-in-hard-fought-step …
Responsibility? What are you and the Dems bringing to the table? Nothing! Exactly!
Add confirming more trump appointees to the height of irresponsibility.
Yeah!!!! Hopefully free market system is next so my child doesn't become the next Charlie Hard. Screw your single payer system!!!
I'd have bet money I'd never agree with you on anything...but this tweet is truth. They have no idea what's next.
@SenatorBurr @RepAdamSchiff Another security breach, Trump is NOT fit to be President. DO SOMETHING. @CNN @MSNBC
Trump just committed another security breach. He is not fit to be president. @SenateDems @senateGOP @HouseGOP
No gutting a whole group of Americans with Obamacare #height irresponsibility. Repeal it and restore freedom in America
How can Californias help with this?  What to be involved but not sure how?? #imalreadyBlue
Thanks for the info... not really sure that is what I had in mind

Between the lousy #GOP healthcare plan and lack of concern for what @potus is doing to this country, can't understand why they were elected
with a side of Treasonous Hatred for 99% of USA citizens
They are the party is irresponsibility and their voters are the height of ignorance.
That sounds about right Dianne!!
So high it's a new low for them. #TrumpcareKills
I recall someone from your party saying " we have to pass the bill to see what's in it "
Absolutely wth no idea if or whn they will give ppl a truly decent healthcare bill each I doubt completely!
The height of Irresponsibility was when @TheDemocrats Lied, did a bait & switch then never read it #ACA.The Apex: Exempting congress #Repeal
Ummm. Please don't decieve.. thats what 20hr debate and amendments do. Try beung involved. Sick of ur obstruction and lies
If liberals truly cared about their responsibilities then the Affordable Care Act would've never been necessary to begin with.
They had to their pass the bill to find out what was in it. They had no idea what would come next either.
No smart farmer or legislator buys a pig in a poke.  It is ALWAYS costly!  Thanks for being there to fight the dunces!
And Dianne, you're at the low end of responsibility. You're way ripe to retire. True?
So much for the integrity of McCain. Another Repug hack, traitor to the American people. A disgrace
Morally and Fiscally! what are the long reaching economics of 22 Million Americans that could face bankruptcy foreclosure? Staggering
In your opinion...it's your fault you push through Obamacare in their first place...intended to fail for single payer but you team lost!
Dianne our government's in turmoil! We're in a CONSTITUTIONAL CRISIS with a MADMAN for a POTUS! GOP has been BOUGHT, BRIBED or BLACKMAILED!
U have NO IDEA how fooled u are.
No. That was bailing out the brokerages and auto companies with tax dollars. No idea if it would work.
Mrs Feinstein, I urge you and Sen Harris to debate the crap out of this. On behalf of our state and in the name of common sense and decency
So you're okay that Most states have nobody to ensure them? Have no doctors to go see?
#Liar-In-Chief
Yes it is, selfish too. Replace with their health care plan.
Senator, you can still be California's first president. We dont need those jokers. Most Californians pay too much federal interest.
Well the democrats are so prim &proper fight for us. McCain should have died maybe thevote would be different . Shame on him some hero he is
The ACA was a bad bill to begin with and would've collapsed our economy. It was irresponsible to use the ACA without knowing what was in it
They had 8 years...it's almost like they never thought they'd win another election; like a bidder at an auction who doesn't have the $.
well why don't you offer improving amendment
They back a president who's the height of crazy. Irresponsibility seems  trivial in comparison.
Please do what you can to stop this madness
So, did you sign off on rescinding Manafort's subpoena? Wtf is wrong with you?
I'm sure they have a plan. Let's not judge what republicans are doing. Maybe you're upset because you're not in the loop

I don't get the people who are making decisions for an entire nation
Isn't that how we got here in the first place?
The government had no right to pass it in the first place.
History will not be kind to Republicans...
Keep fighting Senator. We are calling.
9- was looking out for each and every citizen. End rant
8- Garden your win that only 17% want.  Congratulations you have truly disillusioned a 62 year old who used to think that our government
The vote was just to start a debate. Nothing was passed or is even close to passing yet. For an elected official you don't know much sadly
7- a win means more to you than what the American ppl want.  You have placed immense stress on us for what, so you can celebrate in the 
Actually, we do know what's next Senator-tax cuts for the wealthy, the insurance & pharma industries, & uncertainty & death 4 everyone else.
6- and the only thing you care about is getting your way or "the win", and forget what's best for the American ppl.  I truly that
Really, Really Sen. Frankenstein, what ever happened to " We have to PASS it before we know whats in IT"? As your Gal Pal put it !Pathetic
I thought the vote was to open debate on repeal?? Am I wrong thats not what I just watch with my own 2 eyes?
5- I personally am disgusted with the way our Representatives have treated the American public!! We are all citizens not just st GOP Or Dem
It's more than just irresponsible, Senator. It's reckless and deadly.
Waiting 4 trump's promised healthcare. Every1 is covered & our premiums are lower. I expect every D to be out demanding he keep his promise!
What Replicans are irresponsible?  Who knew?
4- we have not seen proof that @SenateGOP is willing to work with @SenateDems to get a bill that all Americans can be happy with. I
Anything will be better than what we have now. #Disaster
Please continue to make calls
You know they are all getting paid
Unamerican.
3- same insurance you want us to have.  You know full well that the insurance companies will bail if the know ACA is n longer an option
That is the end game. Do you really think they're considering people over Insurance Corp profits? Puhlesse
Democratic Senators except @JoeManchinWV who might as well be a Repub. Shouldn't be apart of the tax cut healthcare ACA theft.
urban  or black ppl haven't done anything to rural . Urban has been neglected for decades so stop JM.
also @JoeManchinWV we remember on 1/20/09 Republicans vowed to destroy Obama, JM was apart of that. Repubs are anti diversity.
Black , Tribal Nations, Hispanics heritage are ingrained in the fabric of than white . So save it JM.
Give us the coverage Congress has.
We keep resisting! They will have us dead! Homeless! Republicans, are evil! Healthcare not warfare!
2- choose between paying rent, buying food, or health insurance if you can get it.  For shame- are you willing to put your loved ones on the
Why are you exempt from #Obamacaid?
I thought it was when u dems passed a health bill 8 years u had never read...oh well
Thank you for fighting for us, Senator Feinstein. L'Chaim!
Please Senator, do anything and everything you can to stop this horrendously evil on the part of Repugs! Begging you, please, find a way
Keep fighting to resist the repeal.  The health of millions of Americans is at stake. #HealthcareBill
What say you @senrobportman ?
We have to pass it to see what's in it. #AmericanRoyality
1-SenJohnMcCain @lisamurkowski @robportman @DeanHeller In all honesty Senators you need to put yourselves in our shoes. You are asking
It is the right thing to do for the Hard working Men and Women you made to pay for all of the increased costs.  Lower cost our Rears....
Wait, what did they vote on EXACTLY?
It's called legislating. Now do your job and fix our health care together.
And McCain Voting Yes, then speaking as the "old Giant" was hypocritical especially given his great health care. He could have been the hero
Thank you for your service senator but how tell us how you can let this so-called president dismantle our safety nets from prior presidents
That was electing trump.  It is a furious 2 way tie for second with willful ignorance of treason
Go get them, Senator! #SaveACA
Keep fighting these SOBs
Make sure California's voice is heard.
senator feinstein- california wants single payer. let's be pioneers. to hell with the rest of them. you get in on this too @SenKamalaHarris!
Absolutely.  The time is now.  Go bold or go home.  #california often leads the way.  Let's do it again.  @JerryBrownGov let's go!!
You're the height of irresponsibility. You're a traitor to democracy. We are all hoping your term ends as soon as possible.
How so?
The ACA was the height of irresponsibility. shame on you for destroying healthcare. you have NO room to lecture anybody
One mistake does not justify another.
eliminating Obamacare is a step in the right direction. Free markets prevail
That isn't what occurred today.
I am in full knowledge of what happened today. Are you?
Yes I am. Have a nice night. 
You too! Lets hope for a good outcome for the country. Thanks for the discussion.
Surprised?

Thank you for persevering.
