indpndt grp needed 2 invstgte. Any1 chosen by Trump will make U.S.,our democracy & justice systm a bigger joke 2 rest of world
Maa., FBI Director Comey informed you that he requested additional resources and manpower to complete Russian Trump collusion.
Now the new acting Director says that is not true. Then you have acting Director having clandestine meetings at Whitehouse prior to firing.
Democrats are too polite & try to act reasonable in insane situations. The vote was hacked we have proof. We are in a GOP  coup FIGHT it!
Yes. Literally. What are they doing? BOYCOTT.
#Trumprussia is a hoax. Nothing to investigate. Start doing something good for the country. @TheDemocrats will lose House and Senate.
you're probably right, if we don't stop @GOP and Russian election tampering
#TrumpRussia will not stop @GOP. Majority of the electorate already moved on from this topic and actually being annoyed. That is the reality
Well, the majority doesn't support Trump, so that's strange.
Majority will soon. Trump is not a "true" Republican and by refusing to work with him DEMs throwing him into @GOP swampy hands completely.
Have you seen his approval numbers??
He most likely has full access to all investigations and their vital records. Vital records to the Russian Trump collusion. Pleas hesd?
Agree 100% Senator. We must continue to press for an independent Special Prosecutor on Trump/Russian. #CAvoter @KamalaHarris @RepJudyChu
Press? We need to DEMAND it now!
I was being polite to my Senator, but I agree.
#TrumpRussia is a hoax and useless defence tactic for @TheDemocrats. They should start doing something good for the country.
@FairClaire00 proof??
Can you identify Even One person,you know, talked to, heard from,even heard about, that changed their vote due to russian influence?
I love how u had to remind Chuck about the March meeting and the info you were given. GOP stuck btw morality and party
Talk about timing...July 19, 1993 - Bill Clinton fires FBI director William Sessions.  July 20, 1993 - Vince Foster found dead of "suicide".
for the love of God. REALLY? 
Need a refresher on ur stance on Comey?  Ironic now that hes fired ur still whining. To complain to accomplish otherwise it is just whining
You & @ChuckGrassley KNOW WHAT #Comey was investigating & you KNOW Why @realdonaldtrump fired him. 

TELL US THE TRUTH ABOUT #TrumpRussia
Comey was to be investigating crimes & was fired because he's a political operative who failed to investigate crimes by Obama, Hillary, IRS
Something is rotten in Denmark. Maam ask yourself this. What if Trump fired Comey to put McCabe in as his soldier? He could delete rrcords.
Call for an independent investigation, stop dragging your feet.
Not good enough, Senator. No new business without a special prosecutor
Yes. Literally complete boycott. ALL Dems walk OUT. Hold daily rallies & press briefings until this stops.
Nothing until all opposition to Marxist totalitarianism is achieved put the opposition in the gulag! Off with their heads! Power to the ???
@SenFeinsteinWARNING  BOT ALERT  DO NOT ENGAGE
Ur a bot 
Dianne what you're really worried about is that now the facts on Hillary and Obama will be exposed
My dearest Senator Feinstein, there is mounting evidence that the new acting Director of the FBI has been compromised to the Whitehouse.
Oh snap, Divorces! U all wanted Comfy fired a few months ago. Remember? Oh, I forgot UR age & attention span. Stay home & play with grandkid
As your constituent, tell me: WHEN am I going to see YOU on TV leading a Dem/Rep COALITION of lawmakers DEMANDING an indep investigation?
For Republican Leaders to respond with "Just Get Over It" is reprehensible. Nixon had 12 GOP Senators support. Trump has almost every one!
isn't that #grassley staring over your shoulder? Feel the life #beingsuckedfromyourbody He is too old and #needstoretire Some people!
He has full access to all records and investigations and Trump could insure that vital information gets lost or destroyed on Trump's orders.
Trump's language - MONEY

Americans ought to withhold ALL federal tax payments

THIS IS THE ONLY WAY TO SPEAK TO THE POTUS

FULL STOP NOW
Thank you. Please continue pressuring this administration and prepare legislation to create independent investigation into #Trumprussia
Just concentrate on empl, health, SS ben cost of liv increase > .03 % not just a fat increase for yourself including zero med costs 4 life
As a constituent I expect you to block all other business in Senate until a special prosecutor is appointed
Love to play poker w/ Grassley. He is in shock since he knows facts that can bring  down @realDonaldTrump!
Who's actually conducting the investigation? Do you even know? I seriously doubt that you do. Psst... it wasn't Comey himself.
Respectfully Senator, we need your leadership to insure an #IndependentInvestigation and #SpecialProsecutor. You must help end the nightmare
Dearest Di ur a partisan hack without moral or scruple & all about destruction of all opposition 2 ur relentless quest 4 totalitarianism
Hey snowflakes! No investigation on #Trumprussia. Read what president Trump wrote to James Comey . read the arrows.
We can't stand watching our country being sold off. Get rid of Trump. He doesn't belong in the White House. Expelled!!
It's obstruction of justice & coverup. Time for a special prosecutor and independent commission.  #TRUMPRUSSIA
Hypocrisy is the total demise of the Democratic Party ! Rod Rosenstein 2 weeks ago voted into office 96-6! Democrats sit down and be quiet!
Please fight for immediate appointment of independent special investigation/prosecutor
Comey doesn't investigate, his underlings do. His position isnt relevant to ongoing investigations except as a briefer to the committees.
Senator please insist on independent commission or special counsel @SenateMajLdr #trumpRussiagate
How do you sleep at night? You are such a fraud.
Why don't we go back to Clintons We know she or they broke the law, give US uranium to Russia but to u Dem wits that don't matter
It was about time TRUMP FIRED COMEY
wonderful interview on CNN of Richard Painter, CREW, calling out the TREASON of trump.  Worth watching. thank you
Now, who will be in charge of safeguarding all that evidence? Your committee? The acting FBI Director? It's frightening and worrisome
Perhaps you should go back & review Elizabeth Holtzman's Special Prosecutor's Act, written after Watergate. Clinton allowed it to lapse
It's nice that your staff reminded you that you're indeed in the opposition party. Sometimes you forget, #DINO
See you're falling for the GOP game plan to just question " timing" , their way to minimize and defuse more important questions like WHY!!!
Comey is not personally conducting the investigation. Stop the fake anti-Trump rhetoric
#ImpeachTrump
Long past time for an independent prosecutor
Why is Mitch McConnell impeding justice?  Why is he helping with the cover up? Is he guilty as well?
What an idiot
WE elected President Trump to go to D.C. and kick some a$$ and that is exactly what he is doing.  Go President Trump, WE have your back.
We need independent prosecutor, counsel, etc. We need it yesterday. Don't BACK DOWN NOW.
It would be easy to say Trump is an idiot, but he's actually dangerous. Please do all you can to stop his madness.
He fired the guy investigating his treason. It answers all the questions except wtf are you gonna do?
Appointees serve at the pleasure of POTUS; if not, PASS A LAW!..QUIT ACTING LIKE SPOILED BRATS...QUIT HAVING SIT-INS ON THE FLOOR! GROW UP!
SORRY BUT U DEMS. ARE BEING HYPOCRITES I SAW THE VIDEO BACK IN NOV. AND DEMS. LOOK BAD!!HYPOCRITES WATCH WHAT U SAY!
What is the plan to demand independent investigation? This is alarming on so many levels!
This has gone on way to long quit complaining. Comey should have been fired months ago. No more obstructing.
Thx @SenFeinstein for voicing concern re. Comey's firing and calling for an independent investigation.  Please keep the pressure on!!
Exactly! Trump is just making himself look guiltier because of the timing. An independent investigation & special prosecutor are essential.
We need a special prosecutor!
I agree 100%
Please support an independent investigation! You have clout, please use it.
No kidding! All representatives and Senators need to get a serious independent investigation of Trump in place NOW. What are you waiting for
Umm, that's like the resigning or firing of the chief of police , Feinstein please put a plug in it ..dem theory
@SenKamalaHarris STOP SENATE BUSINESS UNTIL SPECIAL PRODECUTOR IS IN PLACE!
@SenKamalaHarris Withhold consent until special prosecuter is in place! 
@IndivisibleTeam @IndivisibleCA28
We need this until we solve the  #Trumprussia issue b4 it destroys are democracy! https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/5/10/15610894/democrats-comey-senate-shutdown … We're 3 of your constituents
When @DNC elected Perez, they sealed the fate of @TheDemocrats. They will lose on all fronts. #TrumpRussia hoax is useless defence tactic.
Can you impeach Trump for misuse of power? Impeding and interfering with an investigation.
I'm tired of 'raising questions', asking questions, demanding answers etc. It's way past time for you to DO SOMETHING! Please!
Agree.too much talking,not enough action
Thank you ! He needs to be accountable for his actions
You're a national embarrasement. 
Do the right thing for once in your miserable tenure, and be silent. Better yet, resign. That would MAGA
Demand a #SpecialProsecutor NOW senator. DO YOUR JOB AND PROTECT DEMOCRACY!
Nothing is ever right with Dems you speak on both sides of your mouth.
Liar
@SenFeinstein we should not be doing anything at bare minimum anymore. Kick it up like, 10 notches and launch the ind. invest.! #Resistance
Please be the check and balance that you are there for the executive branch has over reached !! The man is #unfit
Now, its time for the Senate to step up!
How many faces do you have? Last week you raked Comey over the coals for "costing" HRC the election. He's a-ok now and forgiven? #fakeleader
Fight Diane! Stop the further destruction of our country and democracy!
Jeff Sessions #perjury - lock him up
Thank you, Senator for speaking for us in a measured reasonable manner. Your courageous voice & words sane in an increasingly insane time.
Comey not in charge of any investigation.  Those "In Charge", are Professional Career Special Agents / Cops who usually don't do politics.
Please, continue investigations. Obvious traitorous behavior in WHITE HOUSE
DT didn't think Comey was doing a good job so he fired him.Does that mean if the people of the USA feel that way about him, we can fire him!
The American people want comey to lead the senate investigation.
#resist
It's not about timing at all - it's the eternal whining about losing the election and hatred for POTUS. Get over it for crying out loud.
You're being way too charitable, Senator!
When this is over, The American people will see which Republicans were willing to accept possible treason. Choose wisely.
Are you mentally ill over russia
So if he had been fired by Obama, that would of been okay? Do you realize how stupid your statement is now?
Come on! The investigation goes on without missing a beat. Comey's was not the hands-on manager.
COMPROMISE
NOT
DO
DIANE DO NOT COOPERATE ON ANY LEVEL. WALK OUT. HOLD DAILY RALLIES WITH PRESS BRIEFINGS UNTIL THIS STOPS.
Bs argument Senator
So totally #DISGUSTING the @Gop
Talk about influencing the election the now-famous tarmac meeting
What about your gangs tarmac meeting
Fact is, Sen. Feinstein, you and the rest of the Democratic Party would never be happy with timing of Comey's dismissal.  Just admit it!
Please keep fighting for us. Don't let them pull this one over on us.
Fighting? Asking questions isn't fighting. We need a DEM boycott. Strike. Daily rallies. ENOUGH.
Really? I call to your attention what you said to Wolf Blitzer on CNN about Trump colluding with the Russians.
Thank You!
Look at ALL the democrats OBSTRUCTIONISM!!
@GrassleyPress isn't LISTENING 2 you The OLD SOB needs 2 GO
we don't need a special prosecutor!! FBI investigations continue, seperate division.
What are you afraid of ? Pussys ! Rep!
A very minimum. Senator, you KNOW what's going on. You saw the intel.
We are begging you! Please walk off the job. Refuse. Dems must boycott. This is not OKAY.
Senator, I demand action, not questions. This smacks of interference w/ active investigation.  You must be a strong voice for ind. investig.
Dems must BOYCOTT
That's basically what they've been doing for months. Whining and obstructing.
What about facts HUGE FOREHEAD FEINSTEIN! Fact is U released classified information while questioning Comey  Investigate U @SenFeinstein 
Comey should have been fired by Obama, it is not Trumps place because it didn't happen on Trumps watch.
Think it might be when U guys approved Deputy AG, responsible for review of Comey handling of Hillary emails??
Like #Watergate this will be part of everyone's history class @GOP &  #FakePresident will pay a steep price in history 4 what they've done
No Unanimous Consent until a Special Prosecutor is appointed please!
Get him out!
It's past time for an independent Special Prosecutor!
Just get this witch hunt over and move on...
What are you guys gonna do now America is counting on the truth????
They probably going to do nothing
At a minimum, these politicians over 50 should have mental check-ups at least once a week. Taxpayers will pay for it, we don't mind. #COMEY
What SPECIFIC ACTION are you going to take now that McConnell and Burr have rejected an independent counsel? Raising questions is not action
DEMS NEED TO WALK OUT. BOYCOTT. HOLD DAILY RALLIES AND PRESS BRIEFINGS. SHUT IT DOWN.
Exactly.  And we should boycott all businesses that sponsor the GOP.  Consumers United.
Yes, and #MarchForTruth June 3rd. But until then, Democrats need to show some leadership and absolutely refuse to cooperate on any level
I KNOW. McConnell is brilliant. He taught us all the tricks of obstruction!
Sen Feinstein, There is NEVER A RIGHT TIME TO TERMINATE AN EMPLOYEE.  POTUS did the right thing! @realDonaldTrump
Especially if he appoints a Trump stooge as a replacement for Comey to quash the investigation.
When.
DEMS NEED TO REFUSE. LITERALLY WALKOUT AND BOYCOTT.

Grind the Senate to a halt until a special prosecutor is named.
Yes! Literally WALK OUT.
The AG must call for independent investigation.  Diane, be bolder.  I voted for you and a regular dem, not progressive. Enough is enough
"At a minimum" code for only real justified statement about to follow. Rest BS..
To all wise @GOP members : #Trumpgate will lead to #impeachment. You have a choice : drowning w/ #Trump or save your #dignity. RT if agree
