Quit giving warnings, the very fact that we all know that he IS TRYING TO FIND A WAY to cross that "line" means he did collude with russia
He wants to cover up his treason and espionage, and all his conspiracies to HIDE said crimes
IT IS NOW TIME TO ACT!!! IMPEACH NOW!
If we Impeach Now, he'll get a Pardon, like Nixon. I rather see him in Jail... Let $ Trail lead to RICO conviction!
I would hope nobody would be stupid enough to pardon treason and espionage, campaign fraud, conspiracy, and collusion with an adversary
@wjcoop You are dillusional! 
You mean delusional? Or am I pickled?
If Trump fires Mueller, DC will see a March on Washington that will make the Women's March, look like the bathroom line at a @cher Concert.
Absolutely. If necessary, got an empty credit card just waiting that trip.
Well! I going with you!
Get your credit card ready and start marching. You along with the rest of the lemmings right over the cliff
#STFU
NO YOU are hideous ...
We're counting you to protect us!!!!
Disgusted and disgraced with ALL of Washington right about NOW!! Get this Administration Ousted! Our Democracy & Constitution are @ stake!
Really?! That's your red line! Past red lines! Dem weakness allows systematic dismantling of democracy will b judged harshly by history.
In the meantime AG Sessions using the office to promote a racist agenda and attack civil rights. Where's the outrage from congress?......
How many other redlines does he get to violate before your peers say enough?
Mueller hired all Dem donors. Good friend of Comey. He needs to go. Investigate the crimes we know of committed by Clinton, Lynch,Comey.
Bet he will because he is a narcissist & a pathological liar & probably a sociopath & he MUST look good in his mind to public at any cost.
We are damned if he stays and damned if he goes.  The American people are losing bigly in this administration.
@SenFeinstein congress must not put up road blocks to passing a #healthcare and Raise Act bills.  Using Mueller is a roadblock!
Yep.  You know Trump saw this:
Its a wonder he has put crazy Coulter in his cabinet. Smdh...
There's still time. Pretty sure there's going to be some more openings. But @AnnCoulter would rather be snarky for $ than serve her country.
I can see how you would feel that way Dianne..Mueller & his staff are stacked against Trump ..all are Partisan Democrats !  You Hypocrites
Mueller has crossed the line. His job was to investigate the false allegation of collusion with the Russians.
Decision to recuse was premature, while you can't discover PLATOON or @charliesheen got HIV+ right at Mueller, who trashed FBI on UBL so 911
Let him cross the red blue pink line I can't wait to see him in jail
"Cross that red line" ... hmmm ... where have I heard that before?
This is a phony investigation started  without any criminal case against  the president 
be honest for once and call for this hunt to end
Due respect, M'am: what are the consequences *if* Trump succeeds in somehow doing this? He is adept at avoiding punishment. #TrumpRussia
Can we PLEASE impeach him now, Senator?
Make sure you stick to it.  Teflon Don thinks he's invincible!
I really wish you'd stop calling it a "red line." It's just a line! Like a line in the sand! It's just a line! He shouldn't cross that line!
... or the 2d one ... or the 12th one. Exactly what does he have to do to get removed from office?!?
Mueller is as corrupt as you are he needs to go!!
You need to go! This isn't a partasian issue. Follow the evidence.
Why hasn't congress moved to impeach. Remember Clinton's impeachment? Time to act!
Is @SenateMajLdr going to adjourn the Senate allowing pocket veto on #RussianSantions ? #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
Trumps days are numbered and he knows it. Russia won't even want a mess like him. He is not what I think of in a man or president!
What are you going to do about this constant misunderstanding by this president of the rule of law and the functioning of a democracy!
The redline? You mean the one Hillary crossed with her emails? Or the one Loretta Lynch crossed on the tarmac? Yep, that's scary
Ooohh another democrat red line. Bet @POTUS is shaking in his boots.
Agreed. #ImpeachNOW
Will the right wing agree?  Country first isn't in their lexicon
Outstanding job today Senator. Thank you for standing up to the bully.
Why not he should be canned just another independent!!!? On the demarcated payroll we are not stupid
What happens if he does? He needs to know the consequences! There haven't been any yet.
Keep on it. Follow the money. Need to see his tax returns and business records. Country needs to descend on DC if he fires Mueller.
I thought red lines were made to be crossed.
Your party lost..**
We don't want globalists like yourself trying to discredit a legitomate President because you lost.
Maybe, you not worry  about the president crossing the red line, we know there is no evidence. President Trump targeted by folks like you.
We need a special counsel to investigate Hillary, Lynch and Wasserman. That's where the swamp lies.
Hope he does so we can be rid of him!
Pssshhh... if trump was guilty of anything at all... don't u think they would have made a move by now!! @realDonaldTrump  #draintheswamp
Old lady with old ideas !  Cry baby liberall sore loser !  Hey, lookout, the Russians are coming !  
Not Just That He is also Crazy & unfit to Raise House Plants
When he does (and we know he'll try) I hope you and your colleagues are prepared to impeach. Enough is enough.
Red line for you, what about R's? Do they have a line? No...treasonous hypocrites.
You MUST STOP WITH YOUR BS.
So what will YOU do if he crosses that line?
Let him stay until indicted. #RussianTarBaby
http://tinyurl.com/y8f96qr4 
http://archive.is/gU59G 
http://tinyurl.com/yce9mxv7 
With you Ms Feinstein.  I have admired you for a long time. You are tough but fair.
The time is now...#ImpeachTrumpPence
@wjcoop Mueller is a good friend of Comey and he has hired nothing but Clinton donors. He is the one who has crossed red line.
Meanwhile, Sessions is stripping American POC of their civil rights...
I agree, but with Repub controlled Congress whats the down side for trump administraton. Repubs have totally sold out! Sold America out too!
You want America safe for all Americans?  Then you need to remove trump and his admin
Senator be prepared. If Sen Recesses, DT Noms Sessions to DHS, AG Resigns, DT can then Appt anyone for 4 Months & they'll fire Mueller.
As a life-long Dem in California, I am disappointed in your slowness to impeach the traitor in the WH.  Time for new Cal representation?
THE PRESIDENT ABSOLUTELY SHOULD FIRE MUELLER 
HE HAS A MAJOR CONFLICT OF INTEREST AND HAS LOST SIGHT OF WHAT THE INVESTIGATION WAS ABOUT
In the end, Trump will most likely do that, given his mental condition.
I am interested in facts not your opinion. http://CalWatchDog.com , http://PragerU.com , http://JBS.org 
How about that line that was crossed by DNC, Ukraine, with help of FBI for fake dossier?
Now don't do that because we sure don't want the clintons and Loretta Lynch investigated
If Special Counsel Mueller crosses a red line, then he must go. Has significant conflicts. No Witch Hunt, or we support @realDonaldTrump .
I WISH HE WOULD. I'd love to see the GOP squirm out of that one.
I agree 100%.  Please Senator. Talk to others in Congress and make sure this does not happen.  He should NOT be able to fire Mueller. 
Cant stand the "little Elf"Sessions...would love to see his ass fired but not because of Trump's reasons to do so!
I hope he tries.. maybe then someone will impeach the SOB.
What "red line" senator? The law is clear.
Are you investigating like u said u would into @AGLynch telling #Comey to use the word #matter when discussing @HillaryClinton investigation
YOU have ripening casework request, from ME, explaining how Mueller 3 trashed me with fraud as USA/SF then FBI on UBL so 911 chews us up.
Ur earlier tweet re @USAGSessions supports early recusal, when Obamanazis knew but let Reality Winner and Trump eat shit. Mueller=sedition.
Why wouldn’t he? He hasn’t been held accountable for the many red lines he has crossed to this point.
Wake-up Sen' TRUMP will go till he wants to ( STOP ).YOUR words or other's WONT 
Stop hem.
Why are you acting like this #IllegitimateClown is president. He/ fam / admin under investigation for stealing election. #NotMyPresident
Or what? Don't set up a red line unless you've got a plan for when it's crossed.
senater feinstin,i World love to See tramp intethed       Asp     Thaning you
Sorry I missed spelld  trump  and inpeached
Please make sure that doesn't happen. A madman is in the driver's seat.
oh. U shouldn't 've said 'cross red line ' now @realDonaldTrump  is gonna cross it  have a party at the other side #challenge

He's going to cross that line.  What are you prepared to do?
To help to impeach Trump, please follow @ImpeachByCalls. Please RT. Thank you!
Diane..
Oh please. Mueller was/is so corrupt. Shouldn't have been hired. He's partisan & wasting taxpayer money on something you said doesn't exist.
Believe, maybe , might...u don't know
Duh
Reaching for the Highest Ground in my spiritual work. God help us all and keep us safe. Please stay on our path of freedom.
surely agree w/ur comment; on the other hand might hasten the inevitable impeachment!
In his delusions of grandeur, he's unstoppable. The only thing missing is the cape. And tights...but thank God for that.
Did you seriously vote to confirm Wray? No concern for his work with Alpha Bank?
What is Congress prepared to do if/when he does?
or else what? No one has stopped this regime thus far.
The red line you crooks painted?  I say ,cross the shit out of it! Dem are just prolonging the inevitable. Second prosecutor is appointed.
Trump already sold his soul to Putin's regime.  There are no Red lines for that demented traitor.
Why do you not care that #Mueller hired all Democrats to go against my @POTUS @realDonaldTrump 
Diane, you are a Senator, not God.
Oh he will cross that line. What's our plan for when he does?
The president can damn well fire that Democrat groupie. YOU should retire!
Of course it is. Why would we prosecute a Pres for having consensual with some1 not his wife & not someone who colludes & is a traitor?
If Mueller is mired in conflict, I guess that is alright. Just so it doesn't invovle a dem.  Maybe he will look at Debbie W Shutlz.
Is that like an Obama red line 
Why did u select #Wray as #FBI Director when he held onto Christie's mysteriously missing cell phone during bridgegate: no red flags there?
I agree. I admire you for not giving up on us. Ty
Thank you. What action do you recommend if he does? We will march in the streets but we'll need gov't action.
The same "red line" that Obama had with Syria ?? All tiring rhetoric !
THE POTUS should in fact fire Mueller special counsel statute specifically prohibits Mueller from serving if he has “a personal relationship
You let the #Resist anarchists work w lib friendly media to become ungovernable.
I think you're all doing too many lines of your own. Stop stirring the pot Senator and give me a healthcare plan. 10K before coverage is not
Svengali President Steve Bannon, needs to go! Nut Job whom is driving this Authoritative Ruler! What is it going to take @SenFeinstein!?!?
@jeffsessions should be ousted right along with the most Corrupt Administration in US History! AG, is a racist, bigoted, crook!
Laughable Hypocrisy!  The most unfair attack against AG Sessions was you during the AG confirmation hearing.
Goading littletRump by taunting him with a red line he "must not cross" might work...come on lil' donnie, you're the boss, cross the line
He will.
I believe that may be a red line for the informed public as well, Sen Feinstein.
That’s like telling your 2 year old not to push the big red button on FaceTime...

What's the status on the bill that @LindseyGrahamSC & @CoryBooker want to introduce ?
YET GRASSLEY IS TRYING TO SUPPRESS IT ALL!
but he will and you know it.....sadly enough
mueller has serious conflict of interest issues.  Hope he acknowledges and resigns.  Period.
Why is GOP not impeaching him. If this were a Democrat they would have been impeached, jailed and the key thrown away
Let's here a few other Republicans besides Graham say this.
Oh, but he will and you know it
Are you all going to do something? Info isn't action!
Dems draw red lines all the time. Nothing ever comes of them being crossed.
I honestly hope he does. Make it a 2 for 1.
Rep. Trent Frank wants Mueller to resign due to conflict of interest...http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/gop-lawmaker-calls-muellers-resignation-48960472 …. He must have something connected to Trump. 
Mueller needs to be investigated himself. 8/17/2009 Uranium returned to Moscow under Sec. Of State Clinton
Like Syria. Gotcha!
Libs are great at drawing lines and not enforcing.
He's already crossed so many lines. Get him out! #ImpeachNow
He crossed many red lines during his campaigns. I'll march against him anytime.
You're exactly right Ma'am and you MUST gather IMPEACHMENT support NOW 
the admitted obstruction of justice wasn't enough?
Thank you..
Muller can't rush this..  It has to be 100% bullet-proof.
Well duhhhhhhh lol
With much respect, @SenFeinstein  what took so long?
Thank you
Mueller has stacked his team w/Obama donors and Hillary lawyers. He s/b fired NOW!
Kelly is likened to Nixon's Haig. We know what's next.
I hope the @GOP  understands that redline too. It appears they are so power hungry they will put up with any amnt of lies & chaos from Trump
He plans to name Sessions as Kelly's replacement as Homeland Secty. THIS IS INSANE. HE IS DANGEROUS. Please save us.
Since Mueller isn't really investigating anything to do w/ the election & he has conflicts of interest why is it a red line to fire him?
He must sign those sanctions absence his signature is GUILT !! Fire him
Aside from Trumps base, the rest of us know this is exactly what it is. How long will this $hitshow be allowed to continue?
I believe many people agree, and that's why we need the Senates collective voices!
Oh, let him! We need a competent President!
Di honey time for bed.
Or else what? Another new line will be drawn in the sand? He's taking this country down along with his falling approval ratings.
What the heck is the RED line? Words of Obama?
Mueller's independence is questionable considering he hired lawyers who contributed to Clintons.  If he isn't fair he should be fired.
Do what u can, Sen, to avoid recess. No recess appointments, no pocket-veto of sanctions. If T won't sign, stay in session until it passes.
Do you have a contingency plan, Senator, for if/when that happens?
Oh Dianne fortunately we won't be dealing with you much longer once CA exits from the US!  Buh bye!
Another apprentice episode. Thank you Senator.
Thank you, Sen. Feinstein
Senator, what is the GOP's red line? When will they stand up and move against this administration and begin the impeachment process?
Let him jump over it.  Impeach him.  Save us.  #ImpeachTrump
Yes.  The country believes that as well.   Please do not allow it to happen.
Then what will the consequences be? There can't be a red line without consequences.
You and me both Senator Feinstein. You and me both.
It's a red line to you but is it a red line to the likes of McConnell, Ryan, Graham, and other GOP "leadership"? They continue to coddle.
Let "The Mule" stay until he's indicted.
http://tinyurl.com/y8f96qr4 
http://archive.is/gU59G 
http://tinyurl.com/yce9mxv7 
Then DO something What is Mueller doing What is the DNC doing Does he have 2 kill some1 be4 he's relieved of his duty? @realDonaldTrump
Lol your calling on the dnc with kill in the same sentence... 
Well, duh, Dianne. Where you been?
There aren't many red lines that he hasn't yet crossed, and he seems to want to collect them all. "Must not" isn't really relevant here.
Exactly. Democrats speak I hear blah, blah, blah. "president must not cross that red line"? 45 crossed da redLine way back wtf. NowWhat?
You need to lay off the bath salts.
He would stop at nothing to get Mueller as far away as possible. But there have been plenty of actions to have Trump out of the White House.
If there wasn't fear and guilt there, he would welcome a thorough investigation.
Or reassign him to Homeland Security to replace Gen John Kelly. It would still be viewed as obstruction
Thank you, Senator for defending our Constitution and democracy!
If Jeff session brings upon a special counsel for Hillary Clinton Loretta Lynch are you going to throw a s*** fit
This just in? Didn't we all agree on that a few days ago?
Trump is guilty as sin and most everybody knows it. The proof is coming and Trump is trying stop it. Everybody knows him by now. A liar. $$$
What angers me ...he is making fools of every American because of greed and loyalty to Putin!
So nieve
if you had an ounce of integrity, you would be telling the American people, the news..Wasserman Schultz, Pakistan & Russia connection, WELL?
Trump cowers in fear, terrified to  cross Putin by signing this critical & time sensitive sanctions bill. A matter of national security.
Ya think?
The only thing I would say differently is "he must not be allowed..." Where are checks and balances on the exec branch?
