(2/2) Our bill ensures the NSC will be led by national security experts, not political aides.
thank you for co sponsoring this!
I'm one of your constituents and this is important to me
only problem democrats have. NO power thanks to clintin
thank u!
@KamalaHarris Agreed, this is wrong, NSC is for generals, not political aides. My vote didn't count, does yours?
good call! Trump is making illegal moves You and the senate have to stop him.
it will be stillborn. Dead on arrival. Instead, u shld be introducing bills to curtail some recklessness with private emails.
Thanks very much. I know you're doing all you can for our country.
Thank you Senator Feinstein!
@realDonaldTrump 
YOUR Bill won't see the light of day!!
QUIT WHINING!!
@KamalaHarris THANK YOU!  So proud and fortunate to live in California and have such amazing representatives!!!
Thank you!
Just a bill to nowhere.
THANK YOU!
Thank you for looking out for our country and standing up against racists in the White House.
Thank you to all who support this!
Thanks from your constituent! (zip 9460)
THANK YOU for the bill to protect the integrity of the NSC. So proud to have you as my senator!
@KamalaHarris Thank you!!
Curious how your votes have correlated so often with Trump. https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/congress-trump-score/ …
Bannon does NOT belong on the NSC!  He is a Nazi, white supremacist who is bent on taking down the USA.  NEVER.
There's no racist like the one pointing fingers at another.
Thank you!
Thank you yet again!
Yes!
 in right place but this is weak sauce. Fight for leg. on healthcare, Dodd frank, campaign  etc #bestdefensegoodoffense
there is no provision that states the senate has to approve of Bannon to sit in. if you pass such a bill it will be vetoed
THANK YOU
What @SenFeinstein is doing is critical, even though it won't pass. We need legislation to codify the norms Trump has broken ready to go.
(2/2) Our bill ensures the NSC will be led by national security experts, not political aides. http://www.feinstein.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?id=8CC63099-4F84-46EC-9C00-C94BB18B8DDE …
Thank you for sponsoring this bill, Senator!
"Our" bill being a Democratic bill will never pass. Keep it clean & simple & exploit it & possibly it will, but probably not.
.@SenFeinstein Bannon is undeniably horrible but so-called experts also led us into never-ending war #GWOT
Thank you!!
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU! From a long-time supporter in San Diego.
thanks
Thank you Senator! Something needs to be done. The steps this admin is taking mirrors Hitler's Nazi's. Never Again!
Thank you Senator! Appreciate your energy and efforts to Right this irresponsible political appointment.
thank you!
Thank you, Senator. Please continue to stand strong against the appointment of Bannon and other disastrous people.
Thank you Senator Feinstein for leading this fight.
Thank you for standing up to the politicization of the NSC. Our security should transcend our politics.#StopBannon #NOTNORMAL
Thanks Senator Feinstein, Dem Senator's must try to control the "OUT OF CONTROL" WH , Republicans are turning their heads
thank you.  Now one that requires Initial and Annual psychological competency evaluations.
still wanting to know why you voted to approve Pompeo
@KamalaHarris I love you 2 so much right now! Once again, glad I voted for Kamala.
Thank you for helping to keep us safe!
I fully support this bill.  Further, I want Steve Bannon dismissed from @POTUS administration.  Bannon is a real danger.
Thank you for taking this vital step re the NSC. And for all the good work that you do. It is greatly appreciated.
, many thanks to you and the other senators for this bill!  #StopPresidentBannon, before it's too late. No politics on NSC!!!
and just HOW do you think you'll even get this out of the House?
thank you!!
You might want to fast-track this before he blows up the known universe.
change the narrative regulations sound bad--protections are what is being removed protections are what people &investors need
thank you ! Get rid of him !!
.@SenFeinstein National security is not partisan and #PresidentBannon has no place on #NSC. Thank you for your #resistance.
Doesn't USC50 Sect3021 already require NSC members to have been confirmed to other posts by Senate?
If so, Bannon is already illegal.
Call Sen. Feinstein & let her know how important this is: 310-914-7300; 202-224-3841; 415-393-0707; 619-231-9712; 559-485-7430
Thank you senator.
He is counting on the blitz attack to throw you off course.
Good vs Evil
nice job, Senator.
Thank you Senator. What is the timeline? The longer he is in there the more damage he can do. Next impeach Trump.
Huge thank you from a concerned Bay Area voter. Have been disheartened to see this issue not fought publicly til today.
thank you!
Thank you for leading this effort.
Excellent, hope it gets publicity, gop support. Thank you Senator
Thank you for introducing this Bill!
THNK U! Thank u 4 looking out for us!! Now draft legislation to make all pres. candidates release tax returns during campaign
THANK YOU!
Thank you
"political aides" is an undeserving compliment that less than few in his circle have earned... @time @nytimes @KamalaHarris
Thank you!! 
Thank you Senator Feinstein.
How does one gain such experience? Perhaps by being in the room and at the table. Just a guess.
thank you for standing up to #PresidentBannon
thank you Senator!!
You misspelled "white supremacist" in your press release. I voted for you to call a spade a spade. Rhetoric is important.
Thank you!
Keep fighting the good fight. Don't let @POTUS wear you down!
YAAASS - also NEED LEGISLATION REQUIRING prez candidate/nominee/elect SUBMIT TAX RETURNS & UNDERGO PHYS & MENTAL HEALTH ASSMT
Thank you! (a constituent)
I support this, but it will still be law when the next president (dem) is in office. Be careful is all I'm saying
Thank you
but our Education program will be run by a clueless billionaire. Makes sense
#VOTE November 6, 2018 #MidTermElection #CalendarIt !!!
Thank you.
THANK YOU!
.@SenFeinstein THANK YOU.
then please get him out of there.
