Not only dark money, but you need to stop foreign interference in our elections!
Your Jud Chair is real problem right now....obstructing justice &colluding w/ Russians to let Trump's go. WHAT is he hiding?#Grassleyrussia
@ChuckGrassley No no no. Please no private hearing for Don Jr & Manafort. We want to see. America deserve to know!
Please public hearing or allow us to go there watch live?Why so secretive & hide from us?
@SenateGOP should join you- the only reason Trump is potus is because Dems/gop voted super PACs over constituents? Return DC to WeThePeople
Grassley and his continued witch hunt w/the subpoenas dossier creators. It's BULL  & you know it & if you & @TheDemocrats don't stand U
If we could remove money from elections, we would have a real democracy.
Wow that would be a first!!! Won't happen!!!
How about you "team up" for Single Payer? Maybe Social Justice Reform? Maybe that's wanting too much, how about UBI?
You better check your own party for that dark money #GeorgeSoros #GeorgeSoros
You guys have to wake up!! The old ways of doing things (politely & within political traditions) are not working. Wake up and fight back!!
Good ol mudslinging, Dems are afraid of impropriety.
Seriously!!! All in house and Senate go in poor and come out with millions. How is this possible on $174,000 annual salary!!!
How do your election finances look, clean? I doubt it.
This is sooo needed!  Get the dark money out of elections. Thank you, Sen Feinstein & Dems!
Wake up! We're not stupid. That's not new! U Also banked on it
From a Clinton supporter baha ha ha ha sober up Dianne
Nothing darker than Russia, moron. And stay current. HRC gone. Need better than that tired deflection to support trump
Haha your triggered
No transparency! Disappointed n u for keeping Trump son law private talks only. Open to public
Oh lawd, the irony... HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHABAHAHABAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHABAHAHABABAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Lol@ dark money... how about openly defrauding everyone with government real estate
Setting up shady real estate deals so you will profit almost a billion is a real problem.
Have you talked to Hillary Clinton and the demised Democratic Party ??? I would start there !!!
Citizens United needs to go
Should have never been passed, authorized. Dirty, underhanded GOP tactic to subvert the people's power and voice; wield more control over us
Since Citizens United, I've wondered how much Dark Money,  channeled thru clever accts, have been from Saudi and Russian 'benefactors.'
#Followthemoney

bwahhahahahahahah
That would be Gangs & Corp. America! Not paying their 30% Taxes!
Dems need to start telling us more detail on what they're finding and what they're doing about it, and what Rs are fighting
How about money raised in a state for campaigning does not leave that state it was raised in.... good idea?
Could work against Ds. May need $ help on specific strategic candidate from another state. Can't bite off nose to spite ur face
Good. Let's get voter roll approval to prevent illegals and ppl from voting... twice. Mostly democratic states and cities are problems
adopt Britain's model
Thinking of this statement, your husband's business dealing and the Clintons and I am simply stunned.  Joseph Goebbels would be proud.
Such an outsider... you go girl!
you have been with Obama that kept every thing a secret even having the nsa spy on 60 million Americans.Unmasking more no warrants
Dem party full of corruption, start looking internally
Says the most corrupt political party . Maybe democrats should do some reflection
So when will the Dems stop accepting Soro's blood money?
How about not confirming anymore nominees with ties to Russia and trump.  Like Wray.  It's not worked out for America.
Gonna take more than Dems. How will you get repubs to agree. It's all they know.
Impeachment is in order ya
Russia Russia!! Ask the peeps they think UR wasting  our hard earning tax payer money  because UR girl lost! WHY NOT INVESTIGATE URANIUM EXT
Good step.
Senator why did the Clinton Foundation cease to operate after Hillary lost the election? Because all the Dark Money stop coming in.
It's the only way to protect our democracy. Every single US citizen should be behind this.
And how about also banning shell corporations...hard to be transparent when you don't know who owns what
YOUR talking about Dark Money after supporting HRC, are you kidding me!!!! Last 8 years were corrupt and least transparent in my life!!!
Here's a thought: Have all political donations put into one blind trust. Then all the candidates get an equal distribution from that trust.
This is the #1 issue, all other issues depend on getting money out of our elections.
CALTRAIN GROUNDBREAKING, (electrification) power from now on, No more train pollution or noiseness annoyance to bear. The Silicon Valley
Thank you Senators! If it wasn't for the disturbingly stupid Citizen's United verdict, we wouldn't be in this Russian mess right now.
We need your help NOW! The Whitehouse is on fire and Trump is increasingly unstable.
Thank you!
Perhaps if you held firm and didn't send in judges who are clearly corrupt. Really really disappointed in your votes lately
The Soros spigot has turned off
It will need bipartisan support. @GOP loves their "dark money" and they may not be willing to change a thing.
We need to undo Citizen's United.
Have your aides start looking. The info is all here in Twitter and who the recipients are
You go Ms. Feinstein! Have followed and been amazed by you for years. Keep doing good!
So, will union money be excluded as well?
How about teaming up to stop this COUP that is happening Politics as usual are over! WAKE UP! Putin is puppet master & laughs at rule of law
For sure   if we do not stop trump he will ruin our country  lmpeach now !
UR R only hope. @senategop is looking the other way on everything that undermines R Democracy. It sickens the stomach they're self centered
Thank you!!
Yes, more transparency.
Loyalty is everything #MAGA


Don't allow them to get away with this last-minute, secretive sham. JAM THEIR PHONES. https://twitter.com/TopherSpiro/status/888373567708172288 …
How else will Republicans get elected?
#Finally
