Is it possible that your numbers might be wrong? And how many have lost their Healthcare under Obamacare?
Repeal!!!!
AGAIN you mislead. Shameful.
By all means!
Single Payer Now
There is nothing positive about this bill we should vote no
By then, Dems better get their shit together, send a different message to people, control Congress, & do some real work! Losers.
don't tell me how many it does not cover, tell me how many it does cover... i'll wait. Looking out for #1
All of the money in the world would not satisfy what you socialist want control!
I choose not to have AT&T coverage. Does that mean I lost my AT&T coverage?
Are you saying trump's plan is so bad people would rather not have coverage than use it?
They're free to chose if they wish to spend the money on it. Both plans suck. Government needs to get out of healthcare.
It's time to take to the streets!  Enough!!
Let's quit calling this a health care bill. It's a tax cut bill for the wealthy, funded by cuts to healthcare for the rest of us.
It should be called "Deathcare"
I think your right... let's just let ACA & Medicaid implode. Then repubs can start from scratch. Seems kinder to try to fix now tho.Oh well.
22 million who will be free from the bondage of OCare.
Free at last, free at last, thank God Almighty, free at last
You should support Medicare for all
All you need in that atmosphere is one pandemic, look at movie Contagion. Health is mother to the future.
Dianne are those the 22 mil who you forced to buy Obamacare or pay a tax penalty? So dishonest to the American people.
Hopefully you can find Republicans with a heart like Collins & won't fold under the pressure! They should go home & listen to their people!
1,000 of is too many
@Yowan Ms Feinstein, how many uninsured when ObamaCare fails?
http://thehill.com/homenews/house/90307-hoyer-debt-debate-more-important-than-healthcare …. Here's a refresher. .cbo scored  $160 billion in "savings " 2010. Steny hoyer admitted NO SAVINGS WOULD OCCUR
Oh stop pretending, you'll do whatever insurance and Pharma want you to do else you would support universal #healthCare.
Ask not what your country can do 4 u but what u can do 4 your country. Buy your own hcare, Don't ask the gov to provide it #nohandouts
Healthcare not wealthcare!
U kicked more off their old plans & forced the young to buy big plans to pay for others = u r a bully!
My daughter works hard 2 pay her school loans
My daughter works hard 2 pay ins
What In Hell Makes U Think Your daughters R better than mine
In what Universe does it make sense to endanger 22 million by taking away their health insurance so taxes for the wealthy can be reduced?
.@SenFeinstein .@KamalaHarris .@SenateGOP .@SenateDems PLEASE VOTE NO.  This plan is Unhealthy, Unaffordable & UnAmerican.  #IWantMyACA
You are worried about 2026, what about all those that lost healthcare in the few years of Obamacare???
15m of them by next year.
Dos CBO report how many people will die between now and then b/c can't afford/get insurance?
How many Republicans have you convinced to NOT vote for it?
That would be horrible if it were even remotely true
So the CBO reports 22 million losing coverage in the first sentence of the third paragraph:
And the CBO's reports are considered incredibly accurate? The ACA's problem is that the assumptions upon which it was based were wrong.
And if nothing passed, when Obamacare finishes collapsing, how many more will be uninsured?  Hmm?
Another lie and twisting of the facts to fit your agenda
How much did you receive from the Resnick's and Paramount selling 60% of Ca's water? They grow nuts while people have no drinking water.
Seriously? Of course it will pass or if not, back to committee to try again. GOP won't be happy till US resembles a Dickens novel.
Help us , Senator! You must stand strong and use every procedural tool at your disposal to #KillTheBill #witholdconsent
@GOP do you care?
SENATOR LIFE IS TOO PRECIOUS ;IN ORDER TO  TAKE IT FOR GRANTED !WE BOTH GOP AND DEMS  SHOULD KNOW WHAT TO DO ;TO PROTECT THE AMERICAN PEOPLE
So many lies...  the majority of the 22 million are NOT currently insured, but projected to be insured using a proven false ACA baseline.
support single payer. And retire
@SenFeinstein please bring out what you were told in private to get donald trump out of office he's causing damage that will not b fixed
They're no longer a party that promotes American Values I pledged as a military & public school kid. They're infested with 3rd world values.
Then work hard to defeat it and include @DeanHeller in your efforts, loads of us Nevadans ar telling him to vote against!
Years 11, 12, and 13 even worse?
No.  We need a change.  I pay triple and have a $15k deductible now @SenFeinstein #maga Thank you.
@Dem need to come up with a #SinglePayer option without tax cuts for billionaires and get a CBO score for that!
13 white dudes sit in a room w/out input from health experts or economists and come up w/a health bill that kills people. Big surprise.
Let obamacare implode,  democrats own it. Then they have to fix it.
For a Senator of your status and also from such a large State, why do u have so little likes and retweet? It's a reason right?
Did 22million have insurance before obamacare? Obamacare is not healthcare its a tax on the middle-class unaffordable catastrophic insurance
No your Medicaid users will just have to pay for their health insurance.
Misleading tweet... It doesn't kick anyone out.  It leaves uninsured because those people CHOOSE to be uninsured.
Yes if you miss paying premiums for 2 months you lose your insurance
Another 4 or 5 times and they may get it down to 21 mil. 

Wait, that's about 7% of our population!
Oh sorry, 22,000,000 will lose coverage!
We demand an ammendment filibuster;any possible way to block this bill coming to the floor. Call out @GOP @SenateGOP lies on TV! #AHCAKills
Why don't you ask the people that spent 3 billion dollars just to avoid being on ACA / Obamacare
Cant wait for "T" to tweet how 1 million more will be insured under senate bill.
My thoughts are , it doesn't not matter.  The GOP   will pass it anyway........
Please do all you can to defeat it!! Kick the Repubs in the nuts, steal their puppies, whatever it takes!!
Wrong yet again
But there are avenues instilled which are going into effect which, by 2016, will help every working poor person at least learn a trade.
And trades are lucrative. If the impoverished can't get through school, trade professions are the solution.

What say your girls Susan and Lisa?
and replaced with what?
