Thank you senator on behalf of a doctor who is proud to deliver health care in this great state
Thank you
ObamaCare has been a lose-lose for EVERYONE! All our premiums and deductibles have gone up. Mine is employer based and now I pay a lot more!
i know that's not what you want to hear.Ocare is perfect!You just keep believing it until it collapses into oblivion!Be part of the solution
Thank you!!!
Do everything in my power to defeat you. No one can live with Obamacare!
WHAT?!
"Everything," with the exception of SINGLE-PAYER?!
YOU LIE!
And we can all SEE YOU.
Thank you Senator
Thank you Senator…btw I called your office today, they were very nice :)
When I call Senator Rubio's office, I never speak with anyone and I call every day!
I’m sorry, he has offices around the state right? make sure you call all of them till you get thru..if that doesn’t work send an email
Thanks for the info, I will keep calling!
How about doing everything you can to go after the $100's Billions in Medicare, Rehab, Nursing Home billing fraud, over priced medicine??
Thank you, Senator! Your constituents appreciate your efforts!
Cast you single no vote
Thank you Sen Feinstien we love ya 
To get Alaska vote the bill now transfers Medicaid funds from states that provide more-generous benefits, such CA, to those that do not.OK?
Keep pushing for those NO votes Senator!
You caused Obamacare train wreck. WE will fix it!
Because California is a welfare state & taxpayers pay the cost.
Single. Payer.
Just like in Europe.
You know? That place on the other side of the Atlantic?
Thank you. Wishing you strength!
Thank you!
Bury it in amendments!
If it's so bad, what have you contributed to its improvements. Obstruction doesn't count.
DEMOCRATS WANT SOCIALIZED MEDICINE. GUESS WHAT OTHER HALF DOESN'T. RIGHT NOW 368 "BILLION" IS SPENT ON MEDICAID. IN 5-7YRS IT WILL DOUBLE.
HOW MANY BILLIONS ARE YOU SPENDING ON ILLEGALS &REFUGEES. ALL U KNOW IS SPEND SPEND SPEND. HOPE DEMOC "NEVER" GET POWER EVER AGAIN.
Single payer for all, now!
Thank you
Amendment filibuster
We don't want to support you and your socialist programs!
#California NEEDS #SB52 now more than ever - SUPPORT IT PLEASE.
PLEASE REACH OUT TO REPUBLICANS ON THE FENCE FOR THE VOTE, THEY ARE ONLY ONE PERSON SHORT OF PASSAGE! PLEASE!
You would need to have more money than Mitch McConell to buy their votes!
Good luck with that lady!
What can I do to help you? @SenFeinstein @KamalaHarris @RepBarbaraLee all doing a superb job fighting 45's ridiculous health plan. Deep thx!
I just want to thank you for fighting for us in California
Thank you!
Say no. Fight back now
Thank you Senator! We're counting on you!
Thank you, senator!
Thank you Senator!
Thank you!!
Thanks Dianne,it's not good for our NH as well!! I hope the Republicans have enough backbone to stand up for what is right for their people.
Thank you for voting NO on this so called health care bill!!
I DO NOT TRUST FEINSTEIN! She refuses to support #SinglePayer and is a corporate stooge for the healthcare industry. RETIRE!
Thank you.
Thank you! I'm so glad you're my Senator!
Talk with @NancyPelosi about fighting for single payer healthcare.
REALLY appreciate your leadership, Senator! 
Thank you
Thank you and Senator Harris for fighting for all of us.
Why did people need Planned Parenthood and Medicaid if they had Obamacare?

Why do they need Medicaid if they have AHCA?
thank you.
Thank you 
Thank you Senator Feinstein! I stand with you on this. #ShutItDown
You are a lose lose for all USA.
Thanks
Thank you for standing by us Senator .@SenFeinstein
Withhold consent.
Thank you!
Complete confidence in #CA to do what is right regardless of WH.
Wealthcare.
Thank you Sen. Feinstein
Your gonna need a miracle to pull it off.
Thank you for working against this evil bill, but how about using your influence to pass #SB562 - the best healthcare for your home state!
Thank you Senator!
Would you please let us know if you'd like us to submit amendments? @KamalaHarris
please also take up single payer, it's what we really need
Except single payer
Just for Cali?
Thank you!
@KamalaHarris Let's not pass GOP bill and just let the DEM Obamacare blow up! Obamacare failure is totally the DEMs fault.
Thank you.  And that means shutting down senate business
Thank you, senator! I tried calling but it seemed like your line were busy...hopefully with constituents against this bill.
thank you, senator.
Why it it a lose , lose for cali? That 22 mil is it bc ppl are not forced to buy it. Or fined to comply like a dictatorship
It's because they can't afford it whether they want to buy it or not.
Useless. You can't get through a conservative mind.
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you, Senator.
Then sit down with both parties and fix it. Quit crying like babies.
Thank you Senator Feinstein.
@wjcoop Health care not a right, a state issue. Go ahead and watch Ocare fail. THe rest of the country is not going to fund your failure.
Tell ScotusTea stripped 1st, 4th with 3/28 ISP sell data as punishment to Free Speech, Free Press, seizure of private property w/o warrant!
How about doing everything in your power to create a single payer system for CA?
This lifelong Californian thanks you!!
U need to remind Scotus/Tea they independ and oathed. Const. demands defend always, not later-after hearings,so air on side until=NO DEport
Sen Feinstein should have done everything to design Obamacare to work for Americans.  It is now failing.  Help Repubs instead of obstruct.
Filibuster, amendments, whatever rule you can find - please use it to defend our health.
Support the single payer bill in CA while you're at it
Thank God! This cannot pass!!
Thank you!!! That's why we keep reelecting you 
Thanks. Get creative, please.

@SenFeinstein Single Payer is most Moral and cost efficient
Thank you @SenFeinstein for all that you're doing to defeat this awful bill.
Thank you, @SenFeinstein
Thank you, Senator!
Please help come up with a solution you'd be proud to use
Do whatever. Amendments filibuster shut down the senate.
OBSTRUCTIONIST!
That's good. And why OCare fails then what?
TY & If you see @SenToomey tell him to have a Town Hall & answer phones!
We're counting on you and @KamalaHarris . Offer infinite amendments or chain yourself to the door if that's what it takes.
What can I do as your constituent to help reduce the likelihood of it passing the senate?
I'd like to know also. I'm tweeting & posting on FB, I'm asking others to call their senators but not sure how many are following through.
Thank you!
Thank you Senator Feinstein!  It would help if GOP would just throw both versions Trumpcare in trash. ACA can be repaired.
Compassion and caring for the general well being of a healthy nation is vital to the security of us all.
Thank you, Senator. We appreciate you fighting for us.
I'm so proud that you are my Senator! California has 2 awesome women in the senate and San Francisco has leader Pelosi. Great powerful women
Why don't you work . You are not going to steal no more f my money I work for. Get it through head
Thank you, Senator!
Obamacare failing...something must change ASAP.
Thank you Sen Feinstein. We will do our part also.       #AHCAKills
Please also pencil in a few minutes to have a stern word with @Rendon63rd about #Sb562. We gotta clean our own house first.
Thank you, Senator!
Now your colleague in the Senate seemed to think we are all on the same track and recognizing the need for adjustments. Here! here!
California was lost when Jerry and the liberals pass legislation. Outsiders have ruined the state.
Thank you, Senator! What can California do to mitigate the damage if this bill is passed? Is there a contingency plan being formed?
Thank you
As a cancer survivor, my NCCS colleagues and I stand behind you.  Thank you!
Filibuster it if you must please! Thank you!
THANK YOU SENATOR I KNOW YOU WILL DO YOUR BEST.
Thank you...
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you, very, very much.
Thank you for your leadership Senator.
I'm sure your mascots we'll give a big cheer but they won't be giving you any money just their vote
you are the 6th largest economy in the world. use your power. DC needs you more than you need DC.
Why aren't u working to help fix instead of sitting on ur asses obstruct obstruct obstruct. Dem ur loosing ur minds and many seats #roflao 
Bless!!!
why dont you politicians have obama care if its so good ? are you all royalty ? 2 faced all talk and money we see...
Rooting for you!!
Please, and thank you.
Thank you, Senator!
Withhold consent!
