What can be done NOW!
Face it, you're against anything and everything this President, the VP and Republicans do.
Really your support of trangenders tells me all I need to know about your character I want term limits for all Senators and you gone
No
Thank you AG Sessions for following the laws & undoing Obama Administration violation of the laws.
Is it true NRA blamed Congress for 'letting' insane people get assault rifles? Should only sane people get to buy them to sanely use them?
Because they aren't humans? 
sen!doj-needs-swamp
cleanfrompast8wrong&
fecklessadmin!WAT-A
LOAD!-inthe-meantime-
hoponpotus-trainMAGA!
SENATOR!-U-CAN!-DO-IT!
amust!
Democrats are the swamp in American society,  the corrupt minds..
Get this idiot out of his chair! OMG he is doing even more damage than his boss!
This is BS!!!
Jeff Sessions is a disgrace to the human race.  All he is, is trumps lacky and sessions is a wanna be    Never happen
Another positive step by General Sessions... No longer is the DOJ adding to law like the Obama admin...
Justice is now the target rather than the hallmark of our "Justice Department".
Why wasn't this little snake of a man charged with perjury for LYING during his confirmation hearing? Avoided his hateful opinions enacted.
What HORRID LITTLE MEN these are!  Have they never known anyone that's trans? Sexuality is on a continuum-not one or other. Just stupid!!
Bunch of misogynistic, scary dudes.
Horrible little man!!!
Justice department is going to have to change its name. Injustice dept doesn't seem strong enough. Any suggestions? #impeachsessions
No shit!  

If they cared about justice at all, Hillary would be rotting in prison right now.
Don't that just break you heart? Guess they'll have to start using the appropriate restroom too.
How do we get Congress to override these policy changes?
Impeach and Convict Sessions along with POTUS.
Hold on Folks, we're becoming a Theocracy. Transgender Discrimination. Birth Control nonsense. Discrimination legalized as Religious Freedom
Sessions is a huge piece of shit and he will reap what he sews
It doesn't, This is just another illegal act by a Democrat Attorney General.
Senator Feinstein what else did you expect from these people just look at them no justification for the actions they don't care fake people
New administration means new policies.
https://www.facebook.com/newlypress/videos/1905505326380506/ …
What ever their is man and their is woman if you don’t know what you are look at your birth certificate
We know you have seen enough to Impeach Trump - hurry up & then Jeff Sessions will go too - Americans are begging!
POS Needs To Go "Drag" Just Once To Satisfy Fetish & Move On  

#EqualityMatters
#CivilRightsMatter
#TransAreHumansToo
Yes, goodness forbid people be allowed equal rights! Think you might want to go reread the Constitution you're so eager to tag.
Hey @cekirley  , Equality Is A Given Right!! Only Ones Challenging Americas Culture Are The Likes Of You  Get Over It!!
#InJusticeDepartment
Trump made a list of everything Obama accomplished during 8 great yrs as Pres. Trumps hellbent on destroying all. Petty & revengeful troll!
Wrong. He made a list of the power grabs by the executive branch as they are restoring the balance of powers defined by the constitution.
Randy Newman song " short people "applies here. Someone pat him on the head and send him back to the sand box
How is calling oneself as transgender as a new sex? It isn't? One can't make a daily change of what sex they are based on a feeling.
@StephMillerShow @szwest1 @frangeladuo JEFFREY BEAUREGARD BUFORD NATHAN BEDFORD FORREST SESSIONS is a complex multifaceted BIGOT 
How can we remove the guy at the helm to stop this nonsense?
Abuse of power if you ask me.
Oh not that Weasel Sessions again.
Any person that thinks of sex change needs a shrink
An actual legitimate thing for Democrats to fight about, unlike the 95% of the other issues that are a matter of differing opinions
This cannot stand.
Just ran into Sen.Feinstein. Thank you for being a voice of reason and working hard to preserve our democracy which is now in peril 
A person that gets a,sex change isn't a voice of reason but insanity
No comma necessary there.
I think you are referring to the Injustice Dept, this replaced the Justice Dept of previous admins
Many Egyptians during the time of the pharoahs were hermaphroditic.There are often bonafide medical conditions at play. Compassion please.
Highlighting bible passages, some try to use bible passages to argue the point, but few are among the families of those struggling.
This administration is showing that it fears what it cannot understand.
When did fairness ever become part of rights? Life isn’t fair but you do the best you can. 
To be honest, I can't say I understand this. I'm so glad I'm not a man!  But for those involved, human rights and civil rights are at stake.
We can't just keep changing our minds on big issues. People's lives and well being are at stake.

Lets see what the Supreme court days
@USAGSessions is jealous cuz his generation wasn't cool w/transgender people, so he never got to be the Southern belle that he wished he was
You know I kind of believe what you say but he would have made an awful-looking Southern Belle I actually shudder to think of it
Definition of "fairness".  Doing something the insane left disagrees with. Ever hear of religious freedom Diane?
We will let the courts decide! Law & Order will win out over these creeps!
No surprise. These simple minded jerks need to go. All of their policies sends us back to the 50's and 60's.
Transgender is NOT a gender. Don't like the civil rights act of 1964?Of course you don't,  Republicans enacted it while Demoncraps fought it
The justice department did something that you don't like
the world's going to end
We need term limits
Pass legislation to protect  them. Without a law to the contrary (as in the Civil Rights, or Disability Acts, Sessions is correct.
These are republicans who can't get out of the 60's. Worthless bunch of old farts.
How bout that money from Weinstein and denouncing him?
