(2/3) I have a long-standing tradition of not announcing my position on nominees until the committee vote, which is Tuesday.
(3/3) This week, I requested a delay of the Sessions vote. Watch my remarks & thoughts on Saturday’s #WomensMarch:
How are you planning to vote?
Thank you for fighting the good fight on behalf of all of us!
Senator, Sessions is unacceptable for Attorney General!!I'm asking for a NO vote out of committee.
Can't get through on the phone lines.  Absolute No to Sessions.  Absolute no to DeVos.  We need you to fight hard.
@jeffsessions is the brainchild behind the Muslim ban. Please lead our Senators to vote NO on Sessions for AG.
Your constituents are counting on your vote against Sessions, DeVos, and others.  And need you to filibuster SCOTUS nominee!!!
Please vote 'no' on Sessions and DeVos - your phone lines are full, so I hope you'll see this.
As your constituents in Pacific Grove, CA, my husband and I urge you to please vote no on the nomination of Sessions as AG.
Please vote NO on DeVos - there could not be a more unqualified candidate to oversee our nation's public schools.
Please vote no on Sessions and DeVos.  Senate has approved all of his cabinet, we don't understand.  We are counting on you.
Please vote no on sessions. Especially after the ban and firing of current AG for not supporting the ban.
i assumed we would be on the same page with this and i wouldn't need to call, but now not so sure. NO on Sessions.
please vote no on DeVos!!! Our public schools are at stake. My family are all teachers and passionately against her!!!
please vote no on Sessions. I believe it is your duty as you represent us!
Please @SenFeinstein vote no on DeVos, Sessions, Pruitt, and Price!
Hi from San Francisco. Please vote against Sessions and Devos tomorrow. Thank you for service.
you would be getting more calls but each of your phone numbers has either a busy signal or a full voicemail box #NoSessions
Thank you for the update. Unable to get through on phone, busy all day. Please vote NO on Sessions. Remember your SF roots!
YES not able to get phone calls through. NO to Sessions, DeVoss & The Wall
Please stand against Sessions and De Vos, Senator. Your constituents are relying on you. Thank you.
You phone lines are full. Please vote NO on Sessions and NO on DeVos! California supports you in doing the right thing.
BUT ARE THEY WORKING? Or will you prove our party has no BACKBONE?
We deserve nothing less from you than an answer now - a resounding "NO!" vote from you. Democrats need a BACKBONE! VOTE NO!
PLEASE VOTE NO on Sessions; NO on DeVos; AND NO on Pruitt!!! Thank you!!!
thank you Senator Feinstein, please vote to oppose ALL  @realDonaldTrump's unqualified nominees.
I've always voted for you. Very disappointed that you voted for Trump's picks - they are all terrible. Stand up!
And did you tell them because Reed went nuclear there is nothing you can do to stop it now.. the horror of it all, lol
please vote NO to a blatant racist.
I would like to see you be more vocal in your opposition to DT's cabinet appointees. Signed, A Voter in CA.
Sessions is divisive and will only protect the rights of a few. Thanks for Standing up for all of us. #stopSessions
I called and could not get through. Sent an email & tweet. Relieved you're listening. Please vote #NoSessions and #noDevos
vote no on Sessions!
no on Sessions. He is a racist and a bigot.
.@SenFeinstein #StopSessions + preserve decades of civil rights progress for women, African Americans, the LGBTQ community + immigrants.
The AG of this country must be totally above reproach in how they have dealt with equality and justice for all. Not Sessions!
no on Sessions and no on DeVos!!!
I was horrified at your votes for Pompeo & Kelly. Hoping you'll and vote no & FILIBUSTER if necessary on @SenatorSessions
@bannerite Make a loud and clear stand now! Encouraging others wrestling with decision! Leadership and Principles dont wait!
please stay strong, fight the Sessions vote.
please vote NO! I tried calling every office and couldn't get thru.
Your DC office has no voicemail attached. I am a Cali Voter. Have repeatedly voted for you. Pls vote No on Sessions & DeVos
please also be aware of the dissatisfaction with DeVos nomination for Sec. of Education. Totally unfit
Vote no on Jeff Sessions and Betsy DeVos
I agree with many of the others here. California wants you to vote no on Sessions, no on DeVos and no on Pruitt.
Appreciate it Senator. Hope it's no. Many more have tried to call and could not get through.
I trust you but @SenateDems need to understand we expect 100% #RESISTANCE
Thank you for acknowledging us...appreciated. We know you hear us! Answer with a resounding no on @SenatorSessions .Thank you.
I hope you'll vote no Sessions. No more Addie Mae, Cynthia, Carole or Denise tragedies. I know ur old enough to understand.
If you are primaried, I am voting for your opponent.  Time for you to go and make room for REAL fighters!
You can't fight him Senator while voting for his cabinet picks!  I will no longer support you!
Stop voting for Trump's nominees! Know it won't make a difference, but why on earth would you vote for them.
Another constituent here. No on Sessions! No on DeVos! No on Tillerson! Please!
I hope so.  You should not be complicit in the appointment of those who oppose the core beliefs of your constituents.
long time supporter watching closely. Live in SF. Oppose or we find a new warrior
NO on Sessions! NO on DeVos! NO on Price! NO on Tillerson! NO on Pruitt! Thank you for serving CA!
THANK YOU!!!
PLEASE upgrade your phone lines; it's often completely impossible to get to voicemail, far less a staffer.
NO Purdue, NO Pruitt, NO Sessions THX 4 all U do!
NO on ALL Billionaires, Misogynists or RACISTS Taking Over our Democracy.....FIGHT Until Russian POTUS is GONE!
my name is Marissa Silva & I'm a resident of Lafayette, CA I'm urging you as my sen. to vote no on Betsy DeVos & Jef Sessions
PLZ Vote NO on Jeff Sessions for Attorney General.He's a throwback to another unpleasant era and too rigid t change his mind.
Jeff Sessions is a bigot and will drag us back to the Middle Ages. Stop him.
thank you, Senator! The mailbox is full, but know that even more people are calling, asking you to oppose Sessions and DeVos.
please don't vote for Sessions, Dr Vos or Tillerson. Please stand up for us. We can't normalize this!
Can you hear us? Yesterday I called 100+ times> Offices DC, LA, SF, SD, Fresno, all busy or mailbox full. Increase capacity!
YOUR DEMOCRATIC BASE IS WATCHING YOU TOO!
.@SenFeinstein that vote on Pompeo argues otherwise. listen to your constituents or you will lose re-election.
NO on Sessions, DeVos, and Pruitt!
No to Sessions and triple NO to DeVoss I'd rather have a grizzly in charge instead of her!!
Please vote NO on Sessions and DeVos
How many calls have you received to oppose confirmation of Sessions?
TY for advocating for delay & elevating #AG resp. to fight for #equality #votingrights (under attack). Pls  #Sessions (94070)
I volunteered on your campaign in 1991. I've never asked anything of you. pls vote against Sessions & DeVos.
You're not hearing our voices if don't vote "no" on Sessions and DeVos.
Thank for standing against this nomination stand strong for us Senator!
please vote no to confirm him
You're a good Senator. Pls do not back Jeff Sessions for AG. Our nation deserves someone better, more inclusive for all of US.
you're going to need more staff and phone lines. We want to get through!
oppose Sessions
Thank you!
vote no, no, no!!! We all need more answers on a variety of topics.
Vote no. Delay, stall, obstruct.  Or get the hell out of the way for someone who will.
Please vote NO on Jeff Sessions.
I tried to call you but your voicemail is full. Please vote no on Sssions, Tillerson and Devos
I've called all your contact #s & was unable to get through. So I guess my voice will have to be heard here. NO on Sessions!!!
@daisykpgardner 
I would be shocked if you supported Sessions or DeVos. The litmus test: Would you entrust your kids to them?
Senator, not everyone can always call from work.  Please keep that in mind and consider the emails and faxes a week. Thanks.
Please vote NO on Sessions, and NO on DeVos.
Thank you, @SenFeinstein. I spoke to a woman named Kathy in your LA office. Very pleasant and thorough. NO on Sessions from me. 90029.
Vote NO. Your re-election depends on it.
Please vote no on Sessions
I tried to call and could not get through. My husband and I both want you to vote NO on Sessions/DeVos/Price, etc...RESIST!!
Trumps' intentions to suppress votes are clear. We need someone with a clear track record defending the law!!
Vote "no" on Sessions. Sincerely, your constituent.
If you are too tired/entrenched to actively fight DJT every inch of way, just a sleeping S.I.Hayakawa to us.

#purgethemnow
You didn't hear me b/c your phones didn't answer and your vm full. If you vote Sessions or DeVos, you end your career in CA.
Thank you. I will continue to call and speak up.
I tried calling all of your offices several times but couldn't get through. Please add one more constituent against the AG nom
Also oppose DeVos and Pruitt!
If we are being heard, then the vote must be no. #Resist
I tried to call every single one of your offices to urge you to oppose him and couldn't get through! Not so heard here.
Your phone was busy  today. Please NO on Sessions-DeVoss-Pruitt-Price. Must have Partisan investigation RE: RUSSIA.
I am a constituent. Thank you for listening.
why the hell are you waffling on whether or not you should vote to Affirm or Reject actual Nazis who want to destroy America?
vote AGAINST sessions
and all the people who can't even get though, are you hearing them loud and clear?
: Also, have you seen this, Senator? Sessions even once called the @ACLU and @NAACP "un-American!" http://www.naacp.org/latest/naacp-statement-appointment-jeff-sessions-attorney-general/ …
please VOTE AGAINST Jeff Sessions for Attorney General!
I'm a constituent and I want you to vote against Sessions confirmation. His values are in direct opposition to American values
we need you to lead #theresistance. Start by increasing your ability to receive our calls. You're not hearing all of us
busy signal for hours. I am opposed to Sessions.  Please vote no. We need you. Grateful for your hard work.
no to Sessions & Devos.
@SenFeinstein vote no on all of Trumps cabinet of deplorable. EACH & EVERY ONE! #ResistTrump
Tried to call, but mailbox was full. Please do not vote for Sessions. His record is bad for defending American's civil rights
apparently not because you keep voting to add alligators to the swamp. These are not normal times. Stop playing nice with Rs.
I tried calling 3x and couldn’t get through. Wonder how many had same experience?
NO on Tillerson!
@Playfulimp 
We hope so.
We count a unified "No" from @SenateDems to send the correct message to the @GOP & world
VOTE NO. CA is clear - we do not want DeVos or Sessions. Rep your people. Do your job. #VoteNoOnSessions #VoteNoOnDeVos
Please open more phone lines. We shouldn't get busy signals from all offices. NO ON SESSIONS, NO ON DEVOS.
please, NO TO SESSIONS.
You should know all calls are to vote NO on EVERYONE!  We have a dictator & NONE of his incompetent ppl should be confirmed!!
Thank you Senator. I haven't been able to get through by phone, but I sent you a fax. Please vote NO on Jeff Sessions!
@Debi129 thanks for listening - please stay strong and vote #NoSessions and #noDevos
@NicoleKowalski5 Vote No on sessions!!! I called can't get through dont normalize picks and trump!
vote no!
vote NO on Sessions.
No on DeVos
@matbo2 do you actually think mr sessions would uphold people's basic values of fairness time to stand up for basic human val
Millions Marched to show you we mean business &NO support 4 POTUS/GOP is what we DEMAND from @SenateDems #ResistTrump Daily
@matbo2 senator sessions unfortunately is a racist doesn't want voting rights to be continued he doesn't have what it take.
I have not been able to get through on the phone. Hopefully you are receiving my emails. No on Sessions and No on DeVos! Please!
I've lived in Alabama 20 plus years please please understand how dangerous Sessions is to all of us .our freedom and our safety .
How should constituents communicate their concerns when phone lines are busy all day?  We've heard email is not effective.
senator, plz no on DeVos or Sessions. Thank u!
I'm a CA resident who tried to call and couldn't get through. I hope that you read this! Please vote no on Sessions and DeVos!
Thank you Senator!  Please vote no!!
No they are not. Your voicemail box is full!  Get on it. Listen to us!
I love and respect you Sen. Feinstein. Please send a message to this administration and vote no on Sen Sessions for AG
No Sessions/No DeVos/No Pruitt and I can't believe #ExxonMobil is going to be our new Sec. of State.
I look up to you very much, want to work as you do til the end. You are a role model.  Please leave us with a true democracy.
I lived in SF when you took over & will always be a fan. Please, no Sessions, DeVos, Manchin, Puzder, Price, Pruitt or Perry!
Trump, his core team and GOP are evil, this is a coup.  2018 won't happen.  Dems must act differently.  Now.
U must know these r extraordinarily dangerous, unprecedented times (in history of US).  Dems must act differently; emergency.
we do not want Sessions. We need you to be the voice of reason 
Your lines have been busy all day Vote No on Sessions. Vote hell no on DeVos. We are watching!!
Your voice mail is full... might want to get someone on that. In addition, vote down Session's nomination as AG. Not worth it.
Mailboxes full every time. Hoping this response reaches you. Please  vote NO ON SESSIONS FOR ATTNY GEN.
vote NO on them ALL.... we need to fight...#resist or you will lose my vote
Good! Do not vote yes for Sessions, he is a racist! He cannot be our AG. Equal rights for all!!
please vote no! I can't support someone who voted yes for a person like Sessions #VoteNoOnSessions
I also urge you not to vote for the nomination of Jeff Sessions to Attorney General.
I hope you're able to hear many voices on all today's issues. I've tried to call your offices over and over. I can't get thru.
Lots more can't get through at any of your offices.  #NoOnSessions.
I hope you're hearing is on DeVos as well. Vote no!
Any Democrat that votes 4 Sessions to be in charge of protecting civil & voting rights is going to be on wrong side of history
please vote no. Please! Do not let history count you as one who enabled racism and failed to stand up for democracy.
and NO on Devos
vote NO!!!
Please vote NO on Sessions and DeVos.
a USAG must have sound judgment. #JeffSessions was an early & ardent #Trump4POTUS supporter = DISQUALIFYING. #VoteNoOnSessions
I can't wait for the @justicedems to primary you in 2018. Pompeo & "tradition?" Enough is enough. Leave. #TooStrong
please vote NO on Sessions..thank you for reassuring that you are hearing us.
I called every office over 100 times today and could only get through to San Diego at exactly 9 am. #noonsessions PLEASE!
please vote no on sessions
Thank you Sen. Feinstein.  We appreciate you.  Please do the right thing and stand up for us.  We are resisting out here!
If full voicemail is preventing you from reaching her, you can use this free faxzero senator page: https://faxzero.com/fax_senate.php 
.@SenFeinstein you have been a great public servant all the way back to your time as Mayor of SF. I plead w/you to vote #NoOnSessions
Sessions should never be confirmed.
Please do NOT vote for Jeff Sessions. It would be a slap in the face to the citizens of California!
Please. All of us nationwide are depending on the Democrats to protect us from the Billionaire Club KKKabinet. TYVM!
Please vote against the nomination of Aden. Sessions to become our next AG!
NO on Sessions. NO on DeVos.
please vote NO!!!
vote NO on Sessions, as well as Devos they are unfit to serve!
I'm beginning to think our spines have been removed.
@JadaMarne I'm asking that you vote not to confirm Sen. Sessions. We can't go back.
, please vote "no" on Senator Sessions appointment as Attorney General.
I tried calling and got busy lines all day. No to Sessions and DeVos
Thank you Senator, it's looks like you will be hearing from us every day for the next 4 years! #Indivisible #Resist
Couldn't get through earlier: vote no for DeVos and on Sessions! Your constituents couldn't be more clear- do the right thing
NO on Sessions and No on DeVos!
there is a problem with your senate phone number 202-224-3841. It constantly rings busy and if we get VM, cuts us off
HRC was railroaded in part over her "throwaway" yes vote to go to Iraq. These matter. Resistance matters.
Have phoned all offices all day & can't get thru. I'm from Mtn View CA & Loudly, Clearly ask that you vote NO on Sessions.
NO NO NO!
Please vote NO. Thank you.
I'd hope so. I recognize long-standing traditions, but please recognize we're well past such things. Just say NO to Sessions. @SenFeinstein
Please, please work for us and listen to all of us!! please vote no.
@puppymnkey 
Sessions is dangerous to America. Vote HELL NO!
I hope your long-standing tradition includes listening to your constituents. Not announcing isn't helping anyone but Sessions.
