Without March of Dimes, @SenateMajLdr may have been among the people w/disabilities arrested protesting #TrumpCare.
It is high time 4 Ca Single Payer System. We are 1 of the strongest, wealthiest & most progressive states in the union. Time 2 lead the way.
Not wealthy enough to have the $400b required to pay for it tho...
Current healthcare spending in CA: $368 billion/year
Spending under #SB562 universal healthcare: $405 billion/year.
We can afford that.
Saying "universal healthcare in CA would cost $400 billion" is so misleading as to be a lie.
Third-party expert analysis of some way to fund California universal healthcare under #SB562: https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B7UA5GRep8leS0pUM1k0TTdNUFE/view … .
Everyone in California should tell their Assemblymembers, State Senators, and Gov. Brown to do the negotiations necessary to enact #SB562.
Nope...don't make that call. Your taxes will go through the roof...to the moon, actually,...with SB562
Let's us Californians get our own SINGLE PAYER HEALTH caring system.
Go do some ASS-KICKING Senator
If they pass this California will need to have our millionaires pay for this. It's got to come from somewhere.
We can say single payer
We can say it...just not pay for it. Don't need #cowfartslara as the mastermind of my healthcare. We need less government.
It's abt time CA pd it's fair share back 2 America. We're finished carrying CA while u support illegals.
It's a punishment to California for the Electors voting Dem.
Note that the biggest whinners are liberal Democratic states that over spend, over regulate, and over tax. Their problem is over spending.
Filibuster and stand the floor. You must do what it takes to keep this abomination from passing!
We know you and @SenKamalaHarris will vote no but how do we Californians influence other senators?
Please stop current Republican Health bill. Work with moderate Republicans to fix Affordable Care Act to protect most vulnerable neighbors
Of course #California voted for #Clinton u know this man is all about revenge. Remember u had the 3 million illegal voters #TheGuyIsNuts
Fight this tooth & nail!
Red states vote for Trump to take away everything from them, then they try to rip off the smart, rich blue states.
Are we being punished for being a blue state?
No, just trying to cut the fraud, give-aways and hand outs.

40 percent of LA county is on Medicaid. https://twitter.com/latimesopinion/status/880158914112880640 …
Remember Congress is exempting themselves... They are keeping ACA for themselves & their families...
#ProtectOurCare
#PaulRyansPerverseDream
That's awful, maybe we should get better outcomes for lower costs with a single payer system.
400b is not a lower cost tho
I'm a firm believer that investment in a social service is a good government expenditure. Licking @Aetna CEO boot is not.
. 

As usual, California is subsidizing the failed Red States. 

_
Actually, they want to subsidize the healthcare of Mexico.
Shhh, don't tell Republicans that the bill will hurt people in California. Then it will definitely pass.
Too bad,  i saw it, shared it..  uh oh.
thank you for continuing to fight against the Republican plan to destroy ACA.
Ummm, last week, you were okay with a $400 Billion Bill for Single Payer in Ca. This why the Dems killed it? So you could talk about @POTUS
Hey, it's more money  in the pockets of the wealthy
This government screws the American people every chance they get by the republicans and WH. Fools who voted him in office are delusional
CA residents = illegals. Please get YOUR checkbook out to pay for that.
Good...you want to cover all those ppl for no good reason, then you pay for it.
No good reason such as children with disabilities, and senior citizens?
Those are the people it was meant for.... not for unmarried women to keep spitting out babies or able bodied adults.
More fake news!  You didn't even read the bill.  Btw thanks for voting "no" on Kate's law, protecting illegal murderers seems appropriate?
Oh my! Poor California!
You should support Medicare for all
How the G.O.P. Sabotaged Obamacare
If we have 1/2 all kids & 1 our id 3 adults on Medicaid in our state there's something REALLY wrong here!!!
California has imported so much poverty, lured by the huge entitlements, and MediCal is one of them.  You offer it, and they will come
As ranking member of Judiciary, reject Grassley and Kasich's attack on FBI
Time for CA to secede @SenFeinstein. California has subsidized red states for long enough - I'm sure WA, OR, NY & NE corridor will join us.
Well you're going to blow it on something anyway.
Boy is this Great!
We really must stop AHCA/BCRA from succeeding. Dangerous to American lives. TY for fighting for us.
What's wrong with that is not your People's Healthcare worth the extra expense of maintaining there Health?
I wonder if states will start to break with the union when the union no longer supports the largest states adequately?
Oh you'd have to pay your own bills. You cry cause they cutting and now you crying to have to pay. Pay for your own benefits
Blue states subsidize red states as always
I'm sure that's what they intended. Penalty on CA for giving a damn about equal rights and nonsense like that.
WADR, WTH????????? Is This T & @GOP REVENGE On #California Voters Who Voted 4 @HillaryClinton Instead Of T? SURE AS HELL LOOKS THAT WAY!
I guess you, @SenKamalaHarris and the other Senators who are opposed to this bill need to find a way to #KillTheBill 
Thank you!
94015
ON #HealthcareBill THERE SHOULD NOT BE REQUIREMENT4ANYONE2PAY TAXES 4 INCOME OF $900K&LOWER THEN CONGRESS NEEDS A BETTER BILL?
There are 14 California Republican Representatives. They control the house by just 24 votes.
Proof @SenSchumer was right...it IS "meaner"! If @realDonaldTrump would've read (yeah,right) the bill, he would know Senate is #meaner !
So can CA and other States just have their own single payer or exchange coalition like we r doing with climate policy?
Single. Payer. Platform. Now.
So you're complaining about paying more for healthcare while proposing policies that increase the cost of healthcare, is that correct?
California it's time to go our own way and demand we get back the full $. Not .70 on the dollar
Not California Senator, Californians... and it will come from misappropriated funds just like entitlements for undocumented aliens
This bill is rigged to give top 400 families in this country financial reperations senator!
Mthrfckrs really have it in for CA.  We need #CALEXIT NOW !!
Good

So we not only have to subsidize the red states but also we have to pay more for our own. We might as well go Cal-Exit – at Universal Studios Hollywood
Stop him. How can I help? Don't have lots of money.

Time 4 CA to stop paying the Feds for welfare 4 the red states see how they like that Don't pass any legislation with these crooks in office
@smille5884 "no cuts" means completely burdening the states. #Liars
Its Ca's bill to pay in the first place thats how it all started
I don't even comprehend those numbers.
Punishment for standing up to trump.
For the 6th largest economy in the world... That's chicken change
Its a good start..we are tired of subsidizing those prune pickers...
Then you Democrats in California better kick refugees and illegals off Medicaid. Stop giving AMERICANS $$$ to foreign
illegals & refugees..
They don't get Medicaid. They do however pay taxes to the tune of around 12 billion $ and cannot collect Medicare or Social Security.
We MUST STOP him!
Then you Democrats in California better kick refugees and illegals off Medicaid. Stop giving AMERICANS $$$$ to foreign
illegals & refugees.
Trump troll
Horrific!
Like @GOP would care about states costs. Most Red states have expanded Medicaid to singe extent and will need taxes to cover AHCA
CA doesn't want to pay for that. I see how it is!
#KillTheBill & #RestoreRepairACA
To quote, Kung Fu, starring David Carradine, "Time for you to go."
The amount of Idiots in our state who want single payer system, due to your fear mongering, is amazing and scary.
OMG! 
This is not the time for weak, deaf leadership. Pass #SinglePayer now.
when can we leave the union??
an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure, in terms of care
That's ten years in the future. Worry about California now! It's bankrupt!
@DarrellIssa - you voted for this? Decrease in Fed Taxes + increase in State Taxes does not = tax break.
Time to #FlipThe49th
Didn't you clowns want to secede not long ago? Now you demand federal cash? GTFOH.
Calif has many illegals who don't pay taxes. Instead it falls to the rest of us;get with it,health&illegals are all tied together
TRUMP BOT ALERT
Might be time to vote in a single payer in CA.  I worry for the children and the elderly.
No! We have to stop them!
Punishment for opposing their agenda.
The tax cut that keeps on taking from the ppl it uses as Guinea Pigs in GOP "impovricide" experiment.
BREAKING: Democrats give a damn when GOP screws over healthcare but complete silence when one of their own does it @Rendon63rd
DIANE, honey, you let those illegals in your state, so now you pay for them
Don't bend Senator! Fight for #SinglePayer or Bust! Give Mitch NOTHING.
Yes, but it's part of our master plan to trigger #CalExit
Single payer in CA. Lead the way
How about the $440 billion the Democrats and Governor Brown want to push single payer healthcare here in California... Dianne ??
Any politician (like yourself) that doesn't support single payer is  worse than useless and should be chucked out by the electorate.
2027 is a long way from now
That is disgusting Dianne!!
That indirectly helps fund tax cuts for the rich.
What a savings over Obamacare!
in other words, federal "states rights" Republicans are trying to raise CA state taxes.
They only trot out "states rights" when it fits their ass-backwards agenda.
and "lower taxes"
Good, about time you people paid your fair share
Sucks to be you dude!
meh I'd rather be me subsidizing ur quality of life than u making obviously counterfactual "burns" in public
Whatever dude, keep eating the sealife
Let lawmakers know your opinion on this: write, email, fax, tweet, ping, call - show up.
Good. Less money available for sanctuary cities to subvert our national interests.
Senator Californians are ready now for a Single Payer Health Plan.The Federal Government is a debtor to California.We ought to lead on this.
put your foot down. it's insulting enough that CA is paying for Kentucky's reticence in joining the 21st century (technically, the 19th)..
Punish CA is their mantra.
They want CA to pay for ICE's penchant thirst to deport humans with minor traffic citations/violations. #tickets #debts #thethirstisreal
California paying for the rest of America lovely your welcome
I'm a resident 91316 and I oppose this bill. Please don't let it pass!
@RepTomReed & friends put an amendment in the #HealthcareBill  to transfer the extra upstate property taxes downstate...
So he can lie to us and say "See? Your taxes didn't go up" It keeps our area STUPID!!
And people think Jerry Brown is out problem. Wake up California!
it is     medi-cal not fed-cal
GOP hates California and vice versa...
They (GOP) don't care what's in their bill as long as it's passed & ACA is repealed
I have an honest question. Will hospitals still be unable to refuse care? I mean isn't the hospital and ER going to take the brunt of this?
Cedars and UCLA ask for your insurance card here in LA before they set anything up! I think it's people that'll be paying with their health!
Right but by law, they can't refuse care right now. Will that change? I know now they encourage people to get medical-cal. When that's gone?
Keep up the fight Senator! I support CA single payer plan
Well you bragged you have more Voters so time to pay the piper 
Support SB 562!
So sick of California, you and your gang Dianne just take from the working people to give to illegals and lazy people!
Beyond repair you're probably one of the idiots that takes the free hand outs!
How can your republican Congressmen vote for this atrocious bill?
Deport all leeching CA ILLEGAL ALIENS & remove ur bizarre taxesur CA people will flourish & get JOBS...no need for MEDICAID
Get the illegals to pay there fair share
#FakePresident needs to go, he is here to dismantle US system - this is why he was propped up by Putin.
It's HIGHEST TIME to take action.
Russia started its war on the EU/the US/NATO in August 2008 by invading  Georgia.
Then was 2010 #SmolenskCrash killing 80 Polish Officials.
Russian global cyber/hybrid war against US/EU/NATO is going on, #FakePresident is part of Russian effort to avoid long term bankruptcy.
Have you ever thought about stopping illegals & refugees in your State & there might be more money for US citizens? You made your bed.
Thoughts on this, @RepEdRoyce?
That sounds great
You got to start paying your fair share Diane.
Raise gas taxes about another $0.10 a gl.
Sounds like a new deductible.
I challenge Women of the Senate to make history! Join bipartisan and fix our nation's healthcare! Study other nation's plans.
#fakenews
Why do you need Medicaid if we have ACA/Obamacare?

Why do we need Medicaid if you have AHCA?
Free your brain cells
