(2/2) Our bill gives law enforcement new tools to prosecute drug dealers who target children with flavored drugs.
Are you applying for a job at @TheOnion?
what in the actual fuck are you talking about.
Careful now. Your stupid is showing.
People don't sell drugs to children because children don't have money. @SenFeinstein
(1/2) There are many instances of drug dealers altering flavor and packaging of cocaine or methamphetamines to appeal to children.
And kids can't keep their mouth shut
are you on drugs or just insane? No such thing as drugs made 2 entice kids & Dealers don't sell to kids. 1-no $. 2-cant keep mouths shut.
This is coming from a woman that doesn't what people in Cali to have guns for self D.But walks around with body guards with machine guns
Alternatively you could focus on sugar which is an actual health problem but we know you'd never do that.
There are many instances of sugar dealers altering flavor and packaging of sugar to appeal to children…
Literally true.
...candy.
Yes. It is literally true that candy makers are intentionally targeting children with a dangerous product. I am not being sarcastic.
source? this does not happen
http://www.journals.elsevierhealth.com/cms/attachment/2037837012/2052294166/gr5.jpg …
No, there are not. There's not a single case of that happening EVER. Law enforcement knows you are wrong.
No there isn't
Can you please provide attribution to this claim?

There's no dateline in that article. No idea when its from. Doesn't say anything about dealers targeting children which @SenFeinstein claims
it was last updated 4/17/2008 4:07:21 PM ET
So? Her comment says for years they've done this. You are welcome to google for yourself.
What are you smoking?
And can I have some?

I've always wanted to try grape cocaine mixed with strawberry meth.
http://www.journals.elsevierhealth.com/cms/attachment/2037837012/2052294166/gr5.jpg …
...seriously?
You have nothing to offer the people but Bombs, Bailouts and Incarceration. Just go away & take your corrupt friends with you.
Wait I thought people owned their bodies?
name a single documented case
Just like people were putting crack in nerds candy back in the 80's? You're a buffoon .@SenFeinstein
worked in the field, never saw that
I want to know what kids have crack cocaine money. I could barely afford my ring pops.
At my lowest point i was up to 3, 4 ring pops an hour, just to hold it together--just to feel human.
This is hands down the most idiotic crap I've ever read. Do you take too many drugs?
.@SenFeinstein Perhaps you could point to a couple of these "many instances", or forgive me for calling bullshit if you don't?
@Weisse-Rassenkunde.co.pk/101 @PDChina only on tax "Einzelschuldthese_Romanisches.Recht=Merkantility.uk closed @Unitedgangs Grab.v`.Monika
Sounds about as true as 4 million illegal immigrants voting in the election.
would love to see some backings for this claim. Sounds shaky to me...far more likely these drugs are targeted for the club scene than kids.
So many better uses for time and legislation. Drugs are already over-criminalized IMO. Better to regulate and collect taxes off safer ones!
You DO realize that you can't taste things with your nose right?????
Uhh That's not correct either. Snorting anything drains down your throat and you taste it. But we get it, bad tweet by the Senator, etc
How about a bill to prevent 100 year old relics with dementia from continuing to serve in the Senate?
California replaced Barbara Boxer with Kamala Harris.  All that bill would do is reduce the # of canes and walkers in the Senate cloakroom.
Lies
care to cite literally just one of those "many instances"?
Senator, this is not a pressing issue.  Please focus your attention on the horrible things @POTUS is trying to do.  Fight for us!
nice to see the Democrats are going after the big important issues right now. Next please address Satanic ritual abuse and the knockout game
And rainbow parties.  Won't somebody think of the children?
That's absurd. Do you think dealers are hard up for customers? This is America lady. And, dealers aren't monsters looking to hurt kids.
http://www.journals.elsevierhealth.com/cms/attachment/2037837012/2052294166/gr5.jpg …
Can confirm, I bought this bag of blow from a dealer, and on top of that the straw that came with it wasn't hollow and it was useless
Hate those pesky purple rings around the nostrils though...
Lmao... holy shit.
when I have a product that I can sell to adults for a huge mark up no problem, good business sense says make it grape and sell it to kids.
what people don't get is that adults like grape flavor too
more worried about the cartoons on the boxes of the processed foods that's ruining our kids health.
The "Rearranging Deck Chairs on the Titanic 2017" bill. @SenFeinstein get back to work NOW!
please cite one example. I will wait.
Why would drug dealers target children? There's no money in it...
I wish you had as much concern for the lead, arsenic, RoundUp & other toxic waste Are U going to get longer prison terms for Monsanto?!
Omg.... you are way out of touch. I'm now regretting voting for you.
just stop the war on drugs please it's madness
Nice job of pushing police drug war propaganda, you soulless hack.
So you've really left this on. Please, Senator, show me some proof of this. Surely you have such?
Many instances? Name three.
I usually agree with you but this is a false alarm- looks silly
Oh. My. God. What? Hardcore Dem here, usually on your side, but this is just goofy.
Show your evidence. Point to any documented examples. Demonstrate that you’re passing a LAW for the reason you state.
Can you name one specific from the many?
THIS IS TERRIFYING! Thank you for protecting our children. (Just kidding)
#Lyinstein
Hmm, if only there were some way to have drugs included in our legal regulatory framework that is designed to prevent exactly this.
You high?
Cocaine candy?  Is this some extra pricey shit from Whole foods?
You have my support.
Sorry, Senator Ma'am!
You are not a serious person and neither is any such "Senator" from the state of CA.
All CA can do is BEG a bail-out!
Because if it works for Kellogg's and Gen Mills, why not local coke dealer? Coco Puffs addictive as hell tho. Call SWAT
Nope.  Does not happen. Please focus on more urgent issues, like basically ANYTHING other than this.
There's also real, actual fascists taking over your country and dismantling it piece by piece... but nah let's focus on urban legends!
There are many reasons I continue not to vote for you. This is yet another.
*cue it's always sunny music*

"The Democrats Lose the 2020 Election"
Focus on blocking Gorsuch.
Also Methamphetamine (s) ?

April fools?
I think you are having mini-strokes. Best avail yourself of the gold plated health care you have.
On a related note, Bill Gates is giving *$1000 to everyone who retweets this reply.
Many instances? Citation(s) needed.
. maybe you can ask @ocsd @anaheimpd @gardengrovepd - they didn't like it when i started working in Colombia on law enforcement projects
Talk about pivoting way too late. Action needed to be taken 15, maybe 20 year's ago. Before they were making it with Drano and battery acid.
Senator, if you have a problem with pot edibles, just say so. Because this way makes utterly no sense.
List three.
what are you even talking about
Proof please?
In fairness, the senator may be referring to packaging w/cartoon characters - but that's a dangerous misunderstanding of the tactic
It is not okay that you think thisis true.
No, there aren't. How many times are you going to trot out this nonsense?
Prove it
Stop spreading made up urban legend nonsense.
Should have saved this one for 4/1.
[citation needed]
Lololololz "packaging."
"Hi, fellow drug dealers, thanks for meeting today. We need to tell about OUR PACKAGING. Our latest test group..."
They're targeting adults.
#HR676 Loud and Clear please
Senator, seriously, can you please point to a single example of this in a credible news source?
You, ma'am, are a misinformed twit.
No there aren't.

Thank you for your service, but I think this should be your retirement term.
Also this http://www.veteranstoday.com/2016/06/04/the-cia-continues-trafficking-drugs-from-afghanistan/ … We're not buying your bullshit, in the age of information ignorance is a choice, and you've made yours
I heard about a guy who tried LSD and thought he was a glass of orange juice, get your head out of your ass
Senator, there is no evidence of this.
Perhaps @SenFeinstein should check @snopes before wasting time on useless legislation. http://www.snopes.com/medical/drugs/candymeth.asp …
(1/2) There are many instances of drug dealers altering flavor and packaging of cocaine or methamphetamines to appeal to children.
I live in 94063. Please do something useful with time we pay you for. Like reading Snopes.
please cite any articles that refers too arrest and conviction of any drug dealers doing this in reality please..just one..
Yes because the market was crying out for strawberry flavoured cocaine.
Sux to be a liberal Democrat.  Life gonna get HARD.
You have been challenged!  Show ONE (1) instance of this.
You are dumber than this useless legislation. That is impressive.
What planet are you living on?
Ah, personal knowledge have we?
this is stupid
Your living in a fantasy land removed from reality.
No there's this new drug right, and it's called "cake" It stimulates a part of the brain called "Shatner's bassoon"...
This is completely untrue. How can you say such bullshit and get away with it
This is NOT the problem you need to be addressing right now. Keep your eye on the ball, @SenFeinstein.
Wait, if targeting children, I take it these drugs are cheaper? HAS MY DEALER BEEN RIPPING ME OFF??? 

Should I switch do you think?
This is already a major problem in the UK. Thank you for raising the important issue of drug abuse in the under 8s https://youtu.be/WwylBRucU7w 
I thought my pixel sticks made me a little more 'buzzed' than usual.
I once bought oregano disguised as cannabis so the dealer would get me hooked when i made my spaghetti sauce.
Can you provide proof of grape flavored cocaine sold by 8 year olds.
Please retire, it’ll save you the embarrassment of getting primaried out.
name a single documented instance of dealers flavored cocaind and amphetamines to target children
O sweet Jesus. This has to be a joke
Hey, this is serious. When I was 4 I did a Pixie Stick line off the ass of my girlfriend's Cabbage Patch doll. Good times.
You're smoking crack.

Yeah, when I was 2, my dealer made formula flavored drugs for me. Oh wait, that was mom. cc @quinnnorton
No data to support this, plus you wouldn't snort a flavored drug, plus children don't have money, all this is so silly
So that's why I'm so addicted to Fun Dip. That is the good stuff!
wow, so all this time I've been given something else, cuz the coke I've gotten never tasted that sweet nor chocolaty!!!
and uhmmm....out of sheer "curiosity"....who are these dealers again and where can I find them?
This is idiotic. Wake up.
Name two.
flavoring? ah  isn't that the plot of avenging disco godfather?

Single payer.
when you make claims but don't site any sources #politics
Name them. Else, ban something DANGEROUS. Candy-coated Clinton propaganda for one. POTUS-stalking fecal-flavored #fakenews for another.
(1/2) There are many instances of drug dealers altering flavor and packaging of cocaine or methamphetamines to appeal to children.
I know! My dealer just came out with a new bubble gum flavored cocaine, and it's freaking awesome!  He also puts little toys in each bag!
Selling drugs to kids is already illegal what the fuck are you doing?
We live in a corporatocracy. 7 military interventions. Millions without healthcare. And you're worried about cherry flavored coke?
So we should jail addicts?
Senator, there comes a time when it's Time to fucking R. E. T. I. R. E.
Senator, if we wanted Federal policies based on #FakeNews, there's a Trump Administration that does that already. Don't do this.
I hope your not serious here. How are they selling this in their storefront? Why are the kids without their parents and have alot of cash
No, Senator, the coke dealers aren't putting the powdered sugar in their product to attract children.But EPA's allowing poison in the water.
where can i get the candy-flavored drugs, dianne? asking for a friend.
you know what really assists drug dealers ?   A helplessly unarmed population who cant drive them off their street
what flavor wall is reinforced concrete?
I am a constituent. (94609) Can you point to one documented case of this happening confirmed by media or law enforcement?
I'm pretty sure @SenFeinstein's granddaughter's best friend's brother went to school with the husband of a cop whose partner saw it once.
why not start with hot cheetos?  There r plenty of harmful yet approved chemicals that kids have access 2 that should b banned
Sen, where did you hear this? Are you saying targeting drug dealers are at our schools selling to our children? Or it's just, instances?
One day this lady is gonna lose everything when a Nigerian prince asks her for help getting his fortune to America
Sometimes you get reminders that your representative might be "too old" for the job. Believing stuff like this makes me think so.
Time to retire, Senator Feinstein. It was a good run, but please do not run for re-election.
One way you can tell the difference is if your fun size package of fun dip is around 80 to 100 dollars and has a funky aftertaste.
You're the one probably doing the packaging and altering the flavors maybe you need to take a drug test
Kids these days obviously too much pocket money if they can afford coke habit
I also hear there are "many instances" where people put razor blades in apples for Halloween.
I drown in the shower now, ever since second grade.
A person who thinks "hey, this bitter powder is kiwi lime flavored" is the attractive part of drugs, inherently doesn't understand them
Did you get hacked, Senator? You know this isn't a thing, right? Kids don't want/ can't afford cocaine. Please focus on the real issues now.
This is bullshit on so many levels it's hard to fathom. Does the name of your source begin with "FW:fwd:fw:FW:Fw:FWD:"?
No Dianne, time to retire.
Decriminalize all drugs offer counseling not incarceration. To many people have fallen victim to this lucrative system of slavery!
You are an old, rich, and completely out of touch from what this country actually needs. I hope you are voted out soon.
Cocaine packaging? Where do you buy your drugs?
You're promoting police state policies based on urban myth. You should be ashamed of yourself.
No there are not.
Please cite instances or statistics. Many is just an adjective used to bolster unsupported memes.
Good lord woman, what the hell is wrong with you?
This is the dumbest thing I've ever heard. THC edibles are all sweet.
Got any evidence or proof of this far-fetched theory?
Candy flavored, festively colored coke?
Flavored cocaine has been around since 2008 or earlier. Also, no proof of its intent in targeting children. Adults don't like candy flavor?
I respect you but you really gotta do better lol kids don't want to do meth I was a kid not long ago , trust me ...
there are no words...wait, here's one; RETIRE
poor kids into prisons. No wonder you guys lose every fucking election! Forget the fake Russia& strawberry cocaine shit, & start helping!
Really? Care to share specific examples? This your false rhetoric you've regurgitated for years. You & Jeff Sessions should get a room.
health problems. The ACA was shit, and you should go for single payer instead your fake little cherry flavored cocaine nonsense will put
Name one.
[citation needed] for your absurd drug war claims, you embarrassment to California and the Democratic party
