Thank you Senator!
Pay attention.  now they will try to gut Medicaid and ACA via the budget. #swampcabinet #swampGOP
Bless you senator.
Because it won't get passed and Trump wouldn't sign it if it did. Battles need to be chosen wisely.
Yet CA can't manage to produce a bill that isn't pure garbage. 
We're in a full on cluster fuck, insisting on extra fights that are an...
...that are an obvious fail in the current climate is nonsensical. And it hinders resistance by wasting resources.
I support universal coverage. You don't have to sell me health care. But neither UC or SP can get passed with the current Congress and WH.
So instead of ideological fantasy and hindering resistance pick battles that can be won. Or we're all fucked.
Thank you!  @SenJohnMcCain  Let's get it done the right way for all Americans!  Thank you for being on the right side of history!!!!
You are a living example of what we all should have for healthcare We the People pay a heavy price for the GOP to have the very best
You would be wrong!  Hiding behind a fake name... coward!
I never hide at age 75. Sorry u disagree with whatever I said.
The healthcare system needs reform... but shouldn't be blown up because our elected officials can't talk to each other. They need to stop BS
They should use Roosevelt's real deal as an example that seemed to work after the Depression
Please reword. Schumer correctly stated that it is a moment of relief, not a moment of celebration.
No, celebrating- straight up celebrating in this home.
Good point. I know it was a long struggle. I'm just always thinking 'what's next, what's next, what's next?'
Of course. Obamacare was intended to be better, and can be better, if GOP doesn't continue to block improvements. Single payer!
Move to Canada or England and try it out first!
You move. I'll stay home and support the movement! Single payer healthcare! #nobillionairetaxcut
Thank you I've already lived there!
That will be more difficult than you think. It's flaws are systemic and will defy even the best intended patches.
Maybe do away with the mandate and change the bankrupcy laws so folks cant bail on medical bills. Bring back personal responsibility.
Please make it more affordable for small business owners to offer quality care packages. We need subsidies or help with this!
Improving? Repeal Obamacare! Garbage ins with outrageous premiums. All senators should b forced to use it and pay if they think its great
Thank you Senator for all you do. Everyone at the Pomeroy Center is thankful.
What are you celebrating?,how you just screwed 95% of Americans to help the other 5%.
Praying that everyone will work together and make this happen for the American People.
IF ACA IS FAILING START ALLOVER !AND USE ACA AS TEMPLATE !WHAT IN IT FAILED ?AND WHY ?DISCUSS IT WITH ALL DEMS ;AND GOP REWRITE THE BILL!
Do you use Obamacare senator?
Improve it enough to where it'll be good for you & your constituents? Otherwise, no thanks.
You should have done it the 1st time.  Obama care sucks. Put us own  the same insurance as you have.  Like that is going to happen!!!!
And the way to do that is supporting #MedicareForAll
I guess getting started almost 8 years later is better than nothing!
Forget that #SinglePayerNow. That's the improvement we want.  And we want it now.
Move to Canada or England and try it out!
Dianne, you ROCK, thanks so much for your leadership, 6 more years!!!!
Really?
How about making it Affordable?
@itsallbs2017 Be prepared for Trumps Tax reform,THAT is definitely the legislation hes interested in.#Lameduck
You mean take your lazy ass on vacation
Obamacare sucks,get rid of it,are you blind???
Single payer is the only way to go. We have now a Third World Country. Just a few days ago, a couple jumped to their death...
Thank you Senator for your hard work in helping to make this happen!
You mean your illegals in California! Come on Dianne, that's really all you care about!
Senator, can Congress force funding of CSRs to stabilize next year's rates? Trump's threatening to "let mrkts crash," he might stop CSRs.
we gonna celebrate when all u demoturds are put out to pasture over the next 2 elections!
Thank you!!
#HealthCareForAll
Thank you for your important votes on health care. Keep up the good work.
Whats there to improve? I thought it was good. No one has to die now.
#SinglePayer or just go home
Pop the champagne Senator! 18k a year + 3k in deductibles on a 60k income. Who else wants to get in line 4 the middle class money tree?
Gradually, we hope that something like Single Payer can prevail.
Affordable for whom? 18k in premiums 3k in deductibles. On 60k a yeara
Thank you! I am fortunate to be healthy and have healthcare, but damn it! All Americans deserve to be healthy. We are the workers!
Mabrouk. While you're at it, please vote against that unconstitutional anti-BDS bill that calls 4 punishment of Americans who support Pals.
#MedicareForAll is the ONLY fix!
Thank you, Senator - what a nail biter last night. Whew. #SavedOurCare
Thank you Senator for your tireless work on behalf of your constituents and the country. You are appreciated.
Imagine next year's headlines: Women of the Senate "Bare Arms" and Make History! Female Bipartisan Committee Fixes Healthcare For GOOD!
Thank you!
What must we do to stop Trump from strangling ObamaCare and killing innocent people?
Single payer now!  #SinglePayerNow
Yes! Thanks you. And let's work on replacing GOP congress traitors.
Improve?  U joke right?
We need to get insurers out of the equation. Insurers make profits / the govt is a direct conduit between drs/patients
I thought obamacrap was so frickin perfect. Why do you need to "improve" it?
Thank you @SenFeinstein. You serve us all well! Please thank Dem coalition and Sens Murkowski, Collins, and McCain for us.
There was no celebration here. Highest cost, worst delivery. Time for y'all to do your job!
Love that idea. Let's get McConnell and Trump to stop with holding federal funds so that premiums can go down. how do we do that?
Why would you be celebrating the failing ACA ? Drop ur taxpayers paid HC and get on Obamacare yourself then let us know how excited you are.
Thank you!
Like @SenSchumer said more relief than celebration but #TheResistance wont celebrate until @realDonaldTrump is gone
Add a public option and transition us to Medicare for All! It's the insurance companies that make healthcare in US unaffordable!!!
Thank you for enduring this process!! Hopefully congress will work together to improve the ACA!  So proud of you and @SenKamalaHarris !
celebrate????? While Americans suffer under Obamacare Typical politician detached from reality
@SenateDems must now present a plan to fix the ACA and improve it. Cover more Americans, stabilize markets, bring down costs.
Stay strong, we're depending on you.
No age tax and affordable premiums for ALL Americans including those with pre-existing conditions. Kudos to McCain for doing the right thing
Thank you, Senator. Proud to be a constituent.
Please do. Don't let it fail (or be sabotaged)
#SinglePayer, #MedicareForAll
@SenKamalaHarris Thank you both for your leadership and dogged determination in defeating this Republican nightmare!
thanks for your leadership, now show real strength with bipartisan solutions, repair not repeal of ACA
Yes, where is the Democrat proposal????  Most of us also don't like insurance companies with their conflict of interest in the middle!
Health insurance will never be affordable until you convince the drug companies and the health care providers to lower the costs
Why r u celebrating? Dems gave us a failure HC system and u r celebrating lack of progress? Give ur paycheck back.
Celebrate what? You go to the party and order the most expensive itrm on the menu And stick us with the bill. Classy Dianne, real classy
How about an option to pay in to medicare for the high risk and individual market?
Thank you Senator,  we will keep resisting !
Again, why didn't you do it before? You waited until HRC lost, which makes me believe single payer was the plan and O care was failing
Day after tomorrow, #SinglePayer
Are you really going to be able to get back to work? Or will the GOP continue this nonsense?
Good. Pick the one biggest fallback and fix it. Why not start asking citizens to help?
You need prayer
This proud Californian thanks you for your leadership and hard work.
Celebrate? R U kidding me?! We are suffering & U don't give a damn! All U care about is your Party, NOT THE PEOPLE!
Thank you & yes, PLEASE improve to keep it going so insurance comp doesn't have the upper hand again! Must stop #GOP #Trump #ACASabotage
Thank you for fighting for us
Yes, watching the #ACA "implode" is not what the American people want
I was so happy to see John join Susan & Lisa to stand up for their people & vote with the Dems!! What is sad is them being called turncoats!
Single payer please.
If y'all need help reading it and then translating it to be understandable- holler
Can we talk about the gorilla in the room? Mandating insurance without controlling costs was merely a handout to providers.  

COST CONTROLS
Omg!! On behalf of all my patients young & old: thank you!!!! #HealthcareBill #saveaca #ObamaCareRepeal
You fraud.  Why didn't you work to fix Obamacare before the attempt to repeal it.
that'll be the day
Start impeachment proceedings against @realDonaldTrump first!
You can't really Improve on a Bowel Movement what are you going to do add whip cream to it. Oh maybe sneak into it more gun Control.
Here Here!!
ACA was designed to implode. Problem was Trump and GOP won the election. Hillary and Dem maj. were supposed to go to gov run single payer
Thank u for fighting for us!
Step one: repeal it
Thanks Senator Feinstein
How insulting.  You don't even know how to spell the word "work". You had 7 years to fix AFCA for the citizenry and didn't. TERM LIMITS!!
The next step is single payer. Thank you, Senator!
Malignant tumor causes McCain to "slip" and do the right thing; not exactly cause for celebration.
Good point.
Sure you will.
Thank you for all your efforts 
Sen Fein,UR OCARE PREMIUMS & DEDUCTIBLES FINANCIALLY RUINED MILLIONS OF PEOPLE & PUT A TIME BOMB ON HEALTH SINCE THEY CANT AFFORD 2 USE IT!
Please please fix the individual markets
Thank you for everything you have done 
Thank you for looking out for all Americans!
Don't let Mr. Trump cause Obamacare to fail.
Thanks
Way to go,home improvements,not demolish the whole house.....with no money to build a new one 
Americans who made their voices heard, some even arrested, set an example for our Congress that our public process matters.Stop the secrecy.
How are you going to do that GOP  will not support you
Translation for non-Democrats: Throw more tax payer money at it.
Who's helping the people struggling in these States? #ACA is NOT affordable the damages been done& due to cuts/cost health deteriorated
Celebrate as mom dies of lung cancer, radiation NOT COVERED. I'm suffering and can't afford my premiums any longer, durable goods were taken
We do not want cuts in the healthcare unless you plan to cut your own
Are you celebrating 320 million people having their premiums & deductibles increased because of Obamacare? Not to mention those paying fines
The only thing you Dems put forward was govt run single payer healthcare. YOU SUCK!
Screw you! Only people celebrating are the lobbyists with all the goodies built into Ocare which has destroyed our health insurance
ACA did NOTHING to make healthcare more affordable.
We the people do have a vote you cannot stop us from voting you out if you cannot let us have the Affordable Care Act until something better
Celebrate what?  http://www.foxnews.com/opinion/2017/07/28/how-trump-can-win-obamacare-fight-end-friends-and-cronies-exemption-for-congress.html … You and your cronies in Congress have great tax payer funded healthcare while Ocare is a failure
thanks so muck sen Feinstein and ca loves you and out other smart ladies and guys 
Thank you senator from Alaska.
Thanks for standing for the right thing. Thank senator from Alaska.
Celebrating the downfall of the American Health Care System #classless
I'll translate that....in Senator speak that means "bail out their ins. industry friends w/taxpayer money", right Senator??!!!
You don't speak for all Americans you only work for yourself I bet you have good insurance, I don't have any, no thanks to you, dying anyway
Why r u celebrating? Now I, as a single parent, have 2 choose b/t paying my mortgage or having healthcare 4 my daughter & I in 2018? Sick!!
Thank You Senator for fighting for what is right
Thank You!!
yes re tonight! NO about tomorrow. Tomorrow we start working on single payer healthcare that covers everyone! #MedicareForAll
Please come up with improvements to lower costs of ACA!  Maybe military budget?
 THANK YOU  SENATOR
Finally!!!  
Try turning it into #UniversalHealthCare and maybe people will want to vote for Democrats again.
Single payer. And thank you.
Thank you for all your hard work!
#MedicareForAll
Time to focus on Care Dollars not Insurance Industry Profits.
Medicare For All is the only acceptable alternative. The people are with you if you are courageous enough to fight for them. Historic moment
How do we do that now that Little Donny Pee-Pee Bed has had his tantrum in the West Wing, and has taken his ball and gone home?
Thank you for your vote and leadership.
Makes me proud to be from California.
Thank you Madam Senator! Words can't describe my gratitude.
You bet! Thanks for all in CA!
Really I have been waiting two years for an ENT oncologist for 2 surgery for thyroid cancer no luck. I don't have time 4 this
Please, let's get to work on #MedicareForAll
Yes!
Thank you Senator. Don't forget to pitch your ideas...again.
he is going to continue to sabotage it so that it is forced to fail.  That is a threat against the American people.
THANK YOU THANK YOU FOR ALL YOUR WORK!!
Schumer was right- don't celebrate or gloat. Count your blessings then reach across the aisle and  WORK TOGETHER to fix ACA
ORANGEMAN WILL BE IMPEACHED BEFORE HEALTHCARE FIX TRUMP PUTS RUSSIA 1ST USA 2ND JR TRAITOR NEEDS PARDON JOKE OF DC TRUMP LOSER HAHAHA HEHEHE
#SinglePayerNow
Thank you Senator!
Yes please
Thank you for your “no” vote, Senator! I’ve admired you my entire life.
Thank you, Senator!
I'm so happy Senate bill failed.
Thank you, Senator, for your hard work.
#SinglePayer #SinglePayer #SinglePayer #SinglePayer #SinglePayer #SinglePayer
Thank you Sen. Feinstein for voting No and protecting Healthcare in America!!!
America is ready for a public option buy-in.  Let's get it done!
Thank you for all your hard work and efforts, Senator Feinstein!
Go out 2 the orchard and harvest money from the trees. DEMs living in a fantasy world where everyone gets healthcare and nobody has to pay!
Thank you so much!! L'Chaim!!
@R2BNation Single Payer Please. Then you will have the votes.
Thank you Senator for all your hard work & dedication to the people of CA & the USA !!
Thank you Senator.
God bless !
Thank you for the good fight!
Must give thanks to McCain for doing the right thing. He stood up for the American people great job. Ladies thank you and God Bless you need
This is what I don't understand, if Obamacare is broken, fix it. Repeal does not seem like the thing to do, I am sure not ALL of OC is bad
Thank you, Senator, from Mitch McConnell's district in Kentucky! 
yes celebrate, then work together. Improve areas where you can Madame Senator Feinstein
Only 10 million on ACA? What about the rest of us???
Thank you senator Feinstein for your efforts tonight we go to the bed without anxiety
Yes. Sleep first. Then we will be counting on you, expect you, to #FIXACA. Pharma transparency would be a great place to start.
Thank you Senator! I wish I could express how much this vote means for me & my family.
Thank you Senator Feinstein for all your efforts to save healthcare for millions. Thank you!
Sliding scale public option
Allow folks in high risk pools into early-enrollment Medicare 
