Republicans voted against @SenatorCantwell’s amendment to protect the deduction for state & local taxes that California families rely on.
Republicans voted against @SenBillNelson’s and @SenSanders’s amendment to restore $1.5 trillion cut from Medicare and Medicaid.
Republicans voted against @SenSherrodBrown’s amendment to provide tax incentives to employers that invest in American jobs & pay fair wages.
Republicans voted against @SenatorHeitkamp's amendment to protect middle-class families from a tax hike.
The amendment would’ve ensured the middle class doesn’t get hit with the bill for President Trump’s tax cuts for the rich.
Republicans voted against @SenatorCardin’s amendment to prevent tax reform from increasing our deficit.
Well if you would all quit getting rich off the public we wouldn't have a problem at all lol
And yet Congress let him do this! Who speaks for us when money runs the W.H.?
Go away Dianne.  U support Poseidon Project in Huntington Beach even though it will destroy environment.  Not supporting U any longer. Boooo
Regan cut taxes. Then raised them. We still ended up w a massive debt mess that Clinton had to clean up. #TaxFairness
Average workers don't care about taxes we want affordable Healthcare Not have to eat cat food when we retire
Have you ever gotten a paycheck from a poor person? Wealthy Americans should be allowed to prosper, not punished into non-existence.
? isn't Russia being Sanctioned?45 reluctantly signed bill @chrislhayes @JoyAnnReid @WhiteHouse @thehill @maddow @GMA @Lawrence @ananavarro
buggers.
please remember to take your dementia pills, change your depends! We worry about you!
Why are .@TheDemocrats so blatantly dishonest?
@GOP #TaxReform will cut taxes for Business. Owners then REINVEST profits in their BUSINESS!
Doesn’t work, look at Kansas
Reinvesting in YOUR business doesn't work??
How do they grow then?
Are there ANY liberal business owners??
You people are NOT entrepreneurs!
I own a business, they don’t reinvest in the business, they pocket the profits
If you pass a welfare fraud and you and your pals quit stealing the budget would be no problem
Yeah of course. Why are you in the position you are in and yet have no common sense!? Cutting taxes for EVERYONE!! EDUCATE YOURSELF!
Wrong. I stand to benefit as well. (i make little by comparison) The rich pay more, so stands to reason they get more back than it seems
And Democrats have made it clear their one priority is to raise taxes and spend spend spend...
Please do all you can to stop this terrible legislation.
Sen. Feinstein, you rock!  Keep up the awesome good work you do.  Kudos galore!
And after 35 years of Reaganomics trickle down, we know the 'rich' and US Corps will immediately Off Shore new tax cuts revenue, to China!
Isn’t that the way it has always been how do they get middle class to think they’re going to benefit
When will EVERYONE learn, Trump & GOP couldn't care less about the 99%. Anyone supporting Trump is in 1%, or really stupid. Weeping for US.
And Democrats have made it clear that their purpose is to obstruct and lie to the American people !!!
Lower taxes government responsibilities leads to a stable America not higher taxes and government free spending
Well they pay most of the taxes so they deserve it. And what is the defintion of rich. Very ambiguous and misleading statement, Dianne
So much time on twitter...  how do you find time to do your job??
Maybe you should know what you are talking about before you open your mouth. No can be as ignorant as Schumer
OMG, these lies are amazing! How is that obstruction working for you?
So are you conflicted? You’re a millionaire after all.
Haha! I need hope, not hoe.
I need hoe.
Turtle face must be retired. But McCain is doing a great of making McConnell miserable.
That's what the healthcare bill was about.
#TrumpTaxScam
Sen Feinstein, don't bother returning home if you and Congress don't pass tax reform, including tax cuts for middle class.
Watch "Peter Schiff at Occupy Wall Street: Full Version, Almost 2 Hours Long!" on YouTube
https://youtu.be/ahMGoB01qiA 

This man has it down!
Look who is in the Whitehouse. Look at the cabinet. You ask why they want to lower taxes for the rich.
Good cut the top 1% to 0 and then cut the middle class in half like it should be!
And how much have you hid in offshore accounts???
We need 2 oust who's represent'g us. Vote 'em out 4 go'g against us citizens! They're draining the swamp>$$! Our $$more 4 them. GREEDY turds
Vote them out!  #2018  #2020
Pretty sure my middle class taxes are going to be cut too!! Bring on the tax cuts!!
I know what my current bracket is & what it would b under this bill. W crazy Bernie’s bill my taxes wld go up more than they R now. No thx.
And you're complaining? You too are a1%. Off government graft&corruption to be sure. But still-I don't see you paying extra voluntarily
This is a false statement and what I would expect from a socialist. Btw, Don't you have anything to do besides sending out tweets? Retire!!
Can we please have the conversation about California succeeding?  There is no USA left!! It is a kindom for the rich!
How soon can democrats take over and can we reverse the damage? Seniors and disabled will be homeless!  I hate all of the GOP!
And dems HAVE made it clear for years your only priority is to tax everyone into poverty
Omg they are going to bankrupt our country!  They willl cut social security & Medicare! R  they that greedy! Impeach ASAP!
You’re rich so what’s the problem ? Don’t even dare to say you are for the little people ! Bully !
You know this is a lie!
Why don't you get onboard and do something for us instead of getting in the way.
No more lying Dianne!
Not sure where you got your information !! But the only people that the tax cut hurts is the missing money out of your democratic pockets
That's good. Don't tax people who've built and or manage empires. Tax those who aren't working hard enough to make this own. #norichtax
how many people does a poor person hire?
I wrote this several years ago:
http://mollysmiddleamerica.blogspot.com/2011/06/creating-jobs-how-demand-creates-new.html …
This is all you say when GOP is talking taxes. "Cut taxes for the rich" get some new material, I for one no longer believe you.
this tweet is opaque. How about they voted to INCREASE the deficit for a tax cut for the rich.
Again from the mouths of Lying Liberals!!!
So what are the Democrats gonna make clear to the Republicans ? Do not let this budget pass. Play the game.
Don't let them do it don't let them do it don't let them do it

They will do what they want the people keep telling them no and what they hear is yes they want that ! Approval rating 12%

And the poor prospered how with eight years of you and OBama ? Fairly certain their in the same place only more of them
Blah, blah, blah..... same sentence different day
Tax cuts for rich donors. Other rich are just "in the right bracket at the right time", as they say.
I do not believe you. The concept is to cut taxes for everyone. The rich pay most of the taxes
No rich people .......no industry......no industry.....no jobs .....no jobs.....no income tax ....no tax.....no pay for sen feinstein.
two actually, tax cuts for rich and gutting social safety net programs (Paul Ryan's wet dream).  #swampcabinet #realdonaldlies
Thank you for fighting for us, Senator.
I don’t believe you. Just tweet “tax cuts for the rich”, and you’ve got voters in your pocket. I’ll take a tax cut, thanks.
How rich are you?
Tired old play book as tired as you are dems need new blood
Lady, the rich are already paying taxes to cover what the poor and not so rich don't pay. Deal with it
It’s your job to do something about it.           Now do something!
And Senator, what about gun control, and invoking the 25th Amendment before Trump destroys the country. I’ve asked this before.
Sorry, but the Senate has nothing to do with the 25th amd.  That belongs to the CABINET.  And they can't impeach, only remove.
Please tell me, what does this mean for disabled Californians? Is it as bad as I think it is?
The homeless problem in the county I live in is already bad. This guarantees that it will get far worse.
that is not so/top 10% pay at least 75% of taxes/Y not tax them at 100% and kill all  the jobs/U can do it. JFK/WJC/Truman/RK professed it
Kiss your guns goodbye https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=311823245962756&id=137118196766596 …
Yawn. blah blah blah blah. I think you’ve lost your mojo
And sticking it to ppl on Medicare and Medicaid!
Cutting taxes for the very rich, priority #1 GOP, lifting sanctions on Russia, priority #1 @realDonaldTrump. Shameful.
Have you not looked at the plan?! He is literally saving the middle class with this bill.
Are you insane? He's not saving the middle class, & condemning it to extinction & guaranteeing Economic Collapse. ie: the GREATER DEPRESSION
You didn’t read the bill, clearly. Stop reading headlines and do your homework before you tweet.
Read it up and down bud. Do you need help understanding a part of it?
This is one of those pass it and let the gop fall moments i think.
Amazing what getting primaried from the left can do
The GOP wants tax cuts? No kidding. Do you support Medicare for All? If so, that would be non-obvious point worth tweeting about.
Unless @GOP begins to value its PEOPLE (the nation's greatest natural resource) over money & power, democracy will die an ugly death.
Do something meaningful and investigate D.C.'s new IT girl Wasserman Schultz.
Lies, lies! 10% of earners pay 70% of all taxes. 40% of people pay NO TAX. Poor people don’t create jobs, the wealthy do. Lower their taxes!
I so cant wait to #VoteYouOut in #CA 
#MedicareForAll is MY litmus test. I dont do what Bernie says.  I have my own mind @HumanistReport
You know that's a lie they're also then it cut your handouts two illegals and refugees
FALSE but Stealing from the rich is just as immoral as stealing from the poor. #TaxationIsTheft #Equality
Your a liar you have not even read the code lies lies  you want to help your self not US we don't live in your richer world
In the long run, Republicans will pay for these votes.
Look, tell ur boss, cuz I know this is an intern, tell her we're done. Rem when she came out of he meeting w Grassley after elections? We said her face hasn't been that bad since Milk got killed. Turns out she was just tired. She hasn't done a thing to help the #resistance
Gross negligence! Government fraud.
Since your one of the rich why are you bitching
Democrats make corporate America rich.

Republicans cut their taxes.

Switch every 8 years; repeat.
Your & their priority should be going by our Constitution & honoring your OathOfOffice:

@HCOnlineCourses
@HCimprimis
When the deficit doubles to $40 Trillion, they'll start crying. They scream "Reagan, Reagan" forgetting he RAISED taxes multiple times!
Didn't Obama say that we had a debt of 10 trillion dollers and that was just irresponsible.... then double it in 4 years?
I hope trump gets impeached, charged for his crimes, loses the millions he stole (by paying his defence team), & still goes to jail. (broke)
