all new gun purchases during Obamacare years increased shooting
You should be on your way to help the people in Oroville, California? Or you spent all the $$$ on Brown train?
thank you
Thank you
I like my reps STRONG
Thank you!
thank you!!! 
thank you Senator Feinstein!
thank you for putting the safety of Americans first
Thank you Senator Feinstein.
Why on earth would they want to weaken it?
Thank you for working hard to keep Americans safer!
THANK YOU!!!!
Thank you Senator!
keep up the fight!
thank you!
thank you. more like this.
thank you, Senator Feinstein!
thank you and more like this please!
Sen Feinstein I hope you will not re elect in 2018. Go home.
Thank you. Even though your efforts failed, as a constituent I appreciate the no vote.
thank you!
thank you!
Thank you
Thank you! Keep fighting for all of us!
Thank you!
thank you, Senator
thank you for doing what is right for your constituents.
Thank you!
Thank you for trying to keep us safe.
Thank you!
Thank you!  Keep us safe.
thank you!
.@SenFeinstein More like this, please!
Well that's a no-brainier, thank you.
Thank you for standing up for gun control and the safety of Americans!
Thank you!
.@SenFeinstein Thank you. CA92887. Also, Americans deserve a transparent, independent investigation into Russia’s involvement w/ Trump camp.
Thanks for your important vote! Much appreciated
thank you for supporting sensible gun regulations!
thank you!  How can we still be talking about weakening common sense protections?!?  GOP owned by NRA and supported by Russia
thank you!
how much money does the NRA need?! There is ONE constituency a person represents with a yes vote.thank you
Good Wednesday; Sen.Feinstein of CALIFORNIA
Thank you for doing your job #Resist #Indivisible #gunsense
Thank you
Thank you!
A personal background check is one thing, but a real ambition should be to keep guns from the subversive interest. AKA mental.
You leave for work at 10:30 AM? #lucky #lazy
coincidence they schedule this during #Flynnghazi ?
What do you want, a cookie? You've voted with Trump 51% of the time. Move left on economic issues.
good - but disappointed to read you have voted with the Repubs 50% this year.  Please stop
Thank you @SenFeinstein
Thank you Senator. We need to prevent situations like the Ft. Lauderdale airport shootings.
vote YES! Switch things up for a change. 
- so, how about voting "no" on more of SCROTUS's nominees.  You are weak and useless.
can't understand why GOP supposedly tough on crime would vote for this bill. #insanity #stopgunviolence
Bravo You. Thank you
thank you!!!!
Who Cares your agenda is dead finally your vote Huge Forehead Feinstein doesn't matter notice my nickname for u?
Thank you for fighting for Californians and the rest of America! Sensible background checks are important to us all.
Wow, how courageous! How about voting no on Tillerson
Thanks for the No vote! Investigate DT. Do what you are sworn todo. AMERICA is being undermined by Russian ties by DT
your constituents want a townhall.  When?
GUN LAWS ARE AS EFFECTIVE AS DRUG LAWS.  WE ALL KNOW HOW MANY DRUGS POUR INTO OUR COUNTRY.
thank you for caring
Make sure you impose MORE gun laws on us that are legal.  But get rid of the laws for those that are illegal.
. @SenFeinstein How does it feel to be a loser 100% of the time.  You are guaranteeing a GOP Super Majority in 2018.
Thank you!
this is so unsettling that they would weaken this bill - what is wrong with GOP?
Repubs want to give mentally ill people guns but can't work on a plan to give them healthcare.  NRA needs to get out.
Maybe you should make sure your office phones are working, you don't even have voice mail, and no one answers.
Thank you.  Guns kill more ppl than terrorists.  Toddlers with guns kill more ppl than terrorists.
thank you!
need to start impeachment hearings
Where was your VOTE to back @MaxineWaters concerning this ILLEGAL ELECTION? @KamalaHarris #RussianPuppets
hang tough Senator. Our kids need stronger gun control
Thank you!
Don't get lost on the way 
thank you!
.@SenFeinstein hey also start impeachement proceedings.
unfortunately, impeachment proceedings must begin in the House. @SenFeinstein
