Just say you don't like guns instead of making excuses and arguments.. Ban them for Congress and secret service too. Make the field even.
No guns that auto fire. Just deadly toys.
You can't curve violence. Europe guns are banned so they have a shit load of stabbings. You can't stop it unless you ban kitchens.
You can survive stabbing. Not bullet holes from an AK. Duh!!
You actually can survive an AK also.. duh! And tell that to the ppl that died in Europe from stabbings. Moron!
And who fault was it? Oh a rich white man..
They thought in terms of muzzle load rifles.
They mention semi automatic rifles in the second amendment. It's right after the word s muzzle load rifle.
Lol!
 please watch another James Bond movie, time to change your depends
I'm blown away by those numbers , neither should be allowed
Her statement is a mechanical impossibility.
With our 10 round clips I guess we would be out of bullets in about half a second.
Find another toy. Guns are deadly
There are meant to be deadly. They allow little old ladies to stand up to strong arm robbers. They have a use but they are great to also.
Little old ladies can barely walk. They sure can't hold one of your childish deadly toys.
Proof That Banning Bump Fire Stocks Does Nothing!!! https://youtu.be/Z7l1v8_dMuk  via @YouTube
Agree bump stocks aren't needed, but only fire 800 rds in theory. Impossible unless you have a 800 rd magazine. Dems spreading lies.
What do you think the Vegas killer used? A pop gun.
Please do some tactical research on AR platforms before entering a conversation you have no clue about.
A turtle walks 10 feet per second slower on hot surfaces, who gives a shit. You will never take our guns.
Disgusting. Stop the legal manufacturing of these deadly weapons. We're living in a nation at war, with a small percentage heavily armed.
So when a person drives a car through a crowd of people and kills them with said car should we start banning cars? Pure genius
We don't need semi automatics or bumpstocks
Maybe YOU don't need them.
Nobody needs an arsenal. limit the # of guns a person can own.  No semi-automatic weapons
No semi-automatic weapons? So what can we have then?
No law could have prevented Vegas shooting, Feinstein says
Ban the bump stock but not all guns there are some people whose nut cracker and they go kill people not everyone with guns dose Trump 2020
45 - 60 rounds a minute still would allow someone to mow people down! there is no need for assault rifles in the hands of civilians!
Hey Angela Krebs,  will you pls read and try to comprehend our constitution about civilians having the same weapons as our military.
Repeal the Dickey Amendment so that we can focus on smart gun laws! Focusing on small things like bump stocks are band aids on mortal wound.
A key issue. #repealthedickeyamendment
So this means we can keep semi-auto? Right senator ?
He'll no. It is just a toy to you. A very deadly TOY.
Why not go for both? Why does anyone need a semi-automatic rifle unless you're in the military?
Neither should be legal Only the military should have these Ban semi automatic It is a toy to men in the public arena.
A very deadly toy.
How many rounds per minute can we live with?  I say zero.
That is an out right lie,no semi auto can fire 400-800 rounds per minute.double libtard.
Libs: gun law manufacturing
& lies told to the public.
Were any of those used from this? #askingforafriend
She's running again... VOTE HER OUT!
The only reason for that much firepower is to kill people. These are military grade weapons
Why do we need semi-automatic weapons at all?????
Senator uses fear to drive support for political agenda. Makes no mention of underfunded agency that enforces gun law. #fundtheATF
Your still saying ignorant things about the fire fate
Except no gun has a 600 round magazine. Now stop the mindless tweets and DO SOMETHING.
with all you evil warmongering politicians you think anyone would be foolish enough hand over their guns?  worst then Hitler
Thats a hell of a big difference and pretty much impossible dang don't know where you are getting your facts but you need to recheck them
there is no need nor constitutional right for public to own semi auto assault weapons. Bump stocks are only part of problem. wake up.
Are you with the Indigenous People or the USA people! If you are a trader of our nation, I will personally be at your treason trial!
Intelligent women rock!  But, we still need to defend ourselves against Trump.  I could support a ban over a particular piece of equipment.
Wow, you finally read the stats on a real rifle I am impressed you still have no idea what all those words mean though@morelibcrap
Over and over again. We heard it already!
So what dianne
A trained shooter can fire 10 rounds in 2.5 seconds without a bump stock  What's your point?
Now is the time to talk about gun control. @Everytown @resp_solutions #assaultweapon
There's no question that banning all firearms would be a huge positive for society.  Wish there was a way to get past 2nd Amendment for good
I think Obama had something to do with that. check it out
Civil War Union soldiers fired an average of ~85 rounds PER DAY during the Battle of Chickamauga, one of the war's deadliest. #EndGunMadness
You realize that a calculation right? You forgot mag changes. Even with a POS 100 rnd mag that’s 4-6 mags changed a minute? Not even Rambo
It turns a good weapon into a really great weapon for fighting tyrants and invading armies. Do you want America conquered by tyrants?
I find this a gross waste of ammo! I prefer 3 round bursts.

Your a real nut
Please get bump stocks banned. But there's also no reason that civilians need to fire 45-60 rounds per min. Ban assault weapons, save lives.
Ridiculous to allow this!
Thus turning the semi auto into an expensive pile of seized junk. Witness the numerous AR's in hotel room stated as no longer operable.
Whats your point? He was still crazy
Its disgusting senator. There is no needs for this in any situation. Why must we live in fear because of the hobby or paranoia of a few?
Wtf, are NRA Supporters really that bad of a shot that they need this?
My God.
Go ahead and ban it, who cares. They'll just figure out something else that works. Homemade.
That would be a federal offense then.  The law may not stop all people, but it can hold them accountable.
You really think you are dealing with law abiding citizens in the first place that commit these atrocities?
That is the point, a gun ban would not have stopped him either. I think there are gun control laws that would help, but not semi-auto ban.
I just can't think of anything that would deter this whacko's if they decide they want to carry something like this out.
There is no need for anyone to have to fire that many rounds... It is insane!
Ban weapons from democrats...you guys are the ones killing everyone
OK..Dianne we got it!!! Now go do your job and stop talking about it ! 
45-60 rpunds a minute with a semi auto weapon is alot of trigger pulling. Where do u get your info Dianne?
Both are too high. #GunContolNow #fighttheNRA
Neither is acceptable. Reinstate the assault weapons ban and make owning them illegal with a huge fine for possession
I'd like to see u pull the trigger 15 times on a carbine.  your full of it
2nd Amend. gives right to bear arms to SUPPLIMENT the REGULAR ARMY not to engage in rebel/ terrorist activities in opposition of it.
second amendment does not say all that. u need to read it again
So?
Thanks for being my friend.77
People are saying ban ban ban.  Look at the stock it could be made out of wood.  He could have just asked and bought full auto in Vegas.
Dianne , Source of this information??
A bump stock doesn’t increase clip capacity, it just allows bursts. Yes, it’s still bad - but if you overstate then you lose credibility

Can't slip anything bye you can we diannewho did the math for you? Hilary or chuck? 
Ignorance
How do we outlaw Bump Stocks
Listen to me!!!
No more new laws!! We got hundreds of them that never prevented any killings.Find Root Cause & work with that.
But, in fact, no bump-fire mod actually fires for a solid minute. Most weapons can't take the stress or wear. #NotQuiteFactual
Trump does not care, the NRA does not care, Pence won't even listen.  The NRA donates to the GOP party extensively year after year.
and Trump claims to be pro-life.  Hypocrisy all over the place.
Study of the psychology of popularity at http://coursera.org , = insight into roots of rounds spent. More education=less rounds. ThanksSF
Yeah, people should only be allowed to kill 60 people a minute, not 800 a minute.  Great idea Democrats. Keep semi-automatic legal.
Yeah, let's try not pass any legislation at all while the time is right and while we have the greatest likelihood at doing so.
You realize there's not a clip to hold more 30-45 rounds so the number is exaggerated
Ban Semis too. 60 kids killed in a minute.
you can ban ever type of firearm made and it would not have stopped this from happening.laws will not stop evil
A complete misrepresentation. Any AR owner can get higher than 45-60 a minute. Bump fire increases rate but not as much as you profess
How did the shooter use a bump stock and a the bipod? Something doesn't sound right. Your feel good law isn't going to save anyone's life.
The Bump stock DOES NOT turn semi auto weapon into a fully automatic one as you've falsely indicated. Firing rhythm is significantly slower.
and what is your point? box cutters and planes killed 3000 americans, not trigger pulled once. laws will not protect against evil.
There are no magazines that carry 600 bullets.
you are correct. belt feed guns cost thousands
This is ridiculouslous & any gun owner says they need this to go hunting is a liar. Require liability insurance of gun owners! @SenFeinstein
i hunt for just about all of the meat that hits my table. deer, squirrel, wild hogs, and i fish. as wel as grow a nice garden for my veggies
I doubt that you use automatic weapons or bump stocks on your weapons for hunting the food you eat.
i use a simi auto , dont know where you live but down here in texas we are over ran with wild hogs
I thinks bump device has been added to ur head that’s why you talk so much
Madness.
FYI assault weapons existed before we had a 2A. The founders wanted the people to be armed incase our government became tyrannical.
Against gun violence but offended by deceitful maneuver. Modification allows gun to shoots same rate as rapidly pulling trigger with finger.
No one should be allowed to own military grade weapons especially not police
These were not "military grade" select-fire weapons. They were civilian semi-auto weapons modified, legally, because of a bad regulation.

You are comfortable with 45-60 rounds a minute???


Why does anyone need a rifle that shoots even 45-60 rounds per minute?Makes sense in a war zone, otherwise makes zero sense for anyone else.
ever been hunting wild hogs?
And they are selling out now. Who is buying them, and WTH will they use them for? Terrifying thought! Ban them already!!
Stop fear mongering this is complete BS.
One per second seems like way too much. Can we have zero amounts of automatic?
Curious... are you including reload time?
Democrats and Republicans ought to stop taking money from the NRA. No association should buy power over or obstruct the writing of new laws.
Will banning bump stocks stop cartels from snuggling weapons, just asking for a friend.
Bad
You really should research your numbers. I can shoot 60 rounds in less than 10 seconds with my semi-auto 22. But, that's not as Dramatic.
Approved during your honey’s administration
we don't even need semi-automatic weapons. Who hunts with them except mass murderers?!?!?!?!
real sportsmanlike....
Democrats compiling data.
Banning bumps stocks would stop him from landing a plane through the crowd and blowing up at the stage?
Why do we even need 45-60 rounds per minute?
And how many decades have you been in Congress?  Shut up and do your job.
Please tell me something is in the works to fix this. How many more massacres do we need for lawmakers to get a clue?
Vegas was a #FalseFlag attack. They don't care about any lives but their own. Why aren't they reporting about the 2nd, possibly 3rd, shooter
Ir the shooter they caught in NC today at another festival with plans to kill many.

Awesome Googling you can do. Do you want a cookie or something?
Just where do you get your gun knowledge from?
NRA makes it readily available
Let's do this differently. Let's put "bump stocks" aside for couple seconds and do health care, tax reform, etc. then back to bump stocks OK
Bump stocks are common ground. They are a way to circumvent the law. Ban 'em quick and then move on to other ways to ruin the country.
"... security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed." 2/3 of Congress & 3/4 of the States
Did not know that
WE SHOULD ALLOW ONLY ONE GUN PER INDIVIDUAL SO THE LAW IS SET !AND IN THIS WAY THEY FEEL PROTECTED !AND THERE CAN BE NO INTERNAL INVASION!
Or are you now relying on heavily armed bodyguards?
then Why did obama put them on the streets?
Senator I read an article a few years back where you expressed your own fears and said that you had your own gun at hand. Semi-auto?
45-60 is too much too fast.
How about addressing mental illness.  Guns don't shoot themselves!
Wouldn't a bump stock be easy to make illegaly?
Rubber band & belt clip. So uninformed
Please pressure trump admin to resign- treason,inciting racist NRA domestic terrorism, failure to execute duties PR, wasting tax $$ travel
Which administration you talking about. Obama’s?
The hospital in Puerto Rico is without power, Dianne. The mayor is begging for help TODAY. WTH is wrong with all of you elected people?
. WE DEMAND ASSAULT WEAPONS BE OUTLAWED
There is not a scenario a person on the street needs either!! Or so many of any!!
How come the Berkley PD was ordered not to prevent Antifa rioting? Nor in Charlottesville. Who at @FBI @TheJusticeDept is ordering local cops to allow anarchy?
Why do some people pass on the right on multi lane highways?
See, that doesn't have anything to do with this conversation either.
so?
THAT IS GREATER THAN 10  TIMES IT'S AVERAGE CAPACITY !THEY ARE BOTH DEADLY !EVEN 45 RPM IS DAN !WE SHOULD BAN THE PURCHASE OF MULTIPLE GUNS
And any responsible, sane gun owner does not need a semi-auto rifle, let alone a machine gun. Insanity. Only in 'Murika....
You see, the thing about freedom is that you don't get to tell anyone what they can or can't have. See Constitution for details.
Checked on line. Capable of 180 rounds per minute.
You have no idea ! Crazy people are going to do crazy things regardless!
But we still have laws against crazy things, this is an irrelevant argument
tell me Rob. we have banned "illegal drugs" has that worked out ? did it solve the problem?
it's not the same at all, I shouldn't have to explain that one
it is the same. laws will not stop a person that has evil intentions.
That's not a reason to not have laws, should we make murder legal because some people are going to do it anyway?
banning an act is not the same as banning an object. banning firearms would not have stopped this guy or any other person with evil intent
Not selling items that allow semi-automatic rifles to function like automatic rifles would have changed the outcome dramatically
There are No need for these kinds of weapons unless your Military or Police.
It is an absolute disgrace that the Republicans remain silent on the issue of gun control, yet have no problem commenting on women's health.
i dont know who your talking to but they are full of shit, it would get to hope and blow up
If you're really so concerned about this bump stock, where the heck were you when this was approved during the Obama administration?
Call yr Senators/House Reps 202-225-3121. Ban bump stocks & Gatling style cranks. Stop semi autos from becoming auto style weapons!
Wow, that's a huge difference.
Are you looking to adopt a new grandchild? I’m available.

Because it takes a human to pull a trigger
Does it take a human to pull a Muslim?
Semi-automatic rifles should be banned as well. I need a few billionaires to go against the NRA's efforts.
Not really, not really at all
In what circumstance would anyone ever need a semi-automatic rifle?
clear you have never been hunting wild hogs that are a detriment to indigenous wild life
Please ban semi-autos and bump stocks. No more slaughtered school children. Thank you
You can have my semi-autos and other guns when you pry them from my cold dead hands!

The GOP has turned the keys of our country over to Russia & dark fringe elements. Please tell me that someone in power cares about this!
