Goals? What about the goals of this mother's child:
This urn is all I have left of my ONLY child because of ILLEGAL "Dreamer". @POTUS PLEASE #EndDACA & stop nightmares 4 's. #MAGA #Domhugs 
So breaking the law should be rewarded  why have any laws at all ???
One minute Dianne Feinstein is standing with #Dreamers the next minute she's standing with 45 & calling for patience. Can't trust Feinstein!
There's absolutely no benefit to our great country in ending DACA. It doesn't make us safer, richer or more competitive. Unnecessary cruelty
Yes, immigrating is good for the economy. We are talking about illegal immigrating here though. There's a difference!
What about American kids?? They have dreams too
They could vote conservative, the Dems need to give free stuff away. Get them hooked on government programs. Then they got them.
perhaps you could let young people that have lives, homes, jobs, business give them citizenship Don't turn lives into hell have some empathy
are you aware they are deporting veterans, How is this allowed They were told if they served they wld be protected. This is so wrong

There's a difference between legal and illegal immigrating, folks. One is bad for the econ and natl security. I'll let you guess which one!
Only thing that could save them is compromise and Dems are not willing to do that
My daughter a Caucasian American would like a little grant love but nope. That is reserved for illegal immigrants.
That is the most uneducated media driven statement I have seen to date.
You mean like these #dreamers?
Weg/g ok nj, ls3 l s 3 exds3w I'mìjigg
Will you ever put Americans first?
Feinstein, you are out of touch. Too rich and comfortable to understand the struggles.
@realDonaldTrump  is again proving that he has hate/racism in his heart... #ImpeachTrump #saveDACA Congress must act!
Voices of protest need to directed toward Mexican Gvt for education and quality of life! How does such a poor country border the USA?
Again Dianne, put your money where your mouth is. Bring a family to live with you. You want to dump this on the tax payers. You pay for it
Blah blah blah blah blah.
Stand with them in Mexico.
You should be encouraging all hard working American. Most of which will never get the breaks you're giving "dreamers".
Obama NEVER should have inacted the DACA law! He screwed us with the stupid Obamacare that is UNAFFORDABLE! So many jobs want only bilingual
Resign!
We can't get jobs and you are okay with this?I thought you cared about Americans who put you in office.First you steal money then steal jobs
Dreamer many of them are criminals 
Thugs
Pres Obama screwed Dreamers by using Executive Order to setup DACA.  Pandering...time for Congress to take action to save Dreamers!!
President Obama was trying to protect them. No one knew narcissistic, only likes whites, trump would b elected...
Anything illegal you can do to expand your base is ok with you. You are treasonous,and should be hung.shame on you and your kind.
What part of ILLEGAL don't you understand? Didn't you take an oath to uphold the constitution?
She doesn't believe in the Constitution. The Democrats would love nothing more than to get rid of it. It doesn't fit their agenda.
Don't you have better things to do but tweet about illegal aliens. Like tax reform & fixing our messed up health care system you help creat.
So you stand with MS-13 gang members who cut off legal citizens heads!!?? Sick!

If Democrats had closed the borders during Reagan's presidency like they promised, none of these kids would be here anyway. Dems lied.
Once again, Democrats side with law breakers. Congress makes laws. Maybe you should make some new ones instead of griping.
Vote for me
You voted yes on Wray
There should be prompt legislation that prevents pardons & escape routes for those indicted in Spec Counsel's probe. Done.
Families dream & come LEGALLY.
Supporting criminal actions & behavior go against your Oath of Office you swore to uphold. You are a traitor.
We know you stand with illegal immigrants against the citizens of this country.  You need to be replaced.
Save it. We heard you trying to rationalize the follow in the oval office.
No daca no amnesty.
Diane, be honest. U only support #DREAMers because they would vote 98% Democrat as a whole. Otherwise, u'd say "We are a nation of laws".
Still waiting for Trump to change and do the right things Senator? We count on you to protect US not him!
Still wanna go with he can be a good Potus Dianne??
POTUS  President of The United States. He protects U.S. citizens not Mexican citizens who invaded illegally.
Trump puts dems on notice. Either pass imigration reform or live with the laws congress passed. Doing nothing does not help. Get to work!
Where is this Statement Senator Feinstein released after her out of touch w her constituents statement about Trump ability 2B a 'GoodPotus'?
Legal is the key word. Legal
The1 thing tht angers me more thn anything abt SenFeinsteins reaction is her indignant dismissive tone when talking 2her OWN constituents.
Surrendering to The Invasion with hopes of votes from the Invaders.
Are we a nation of laws or not?
So it looks like the American people is paying at all why the government makes all the rules your salary vacation Medical let us vote on it
Democrats have been obstructionist from day one.

TIME FOR PAY BACK

@realDonaldTrump Keep your campaign promise END DACA.
MAGA
You don't do anything with us everything you got is free free medical no taxes and you have a hell of a retirement and not  mention vacation
A dreamer in California doesn't want it to end . In less that three years she has had three relationships and three kids. Ain't she entitled
Read  This  Very  Slowly
Stand with laws and legal immigration! Parents please bring your kids in the legal way so we can stop these problems before they begin
I'm a dreamer - I dream of a country where our laws are enforced on everyone equally.
Indeed. Dianne wants a bigger voting base. Promise free stuff and they will want to keep you in office forever. She's so transparent. Sick
Screw American citizens is Dianne Feinstein's motto! What an ass!
And don't forget to be gratefully voting democrat often, till caught, each and every election!!
Yes! Sen. Dianne Feinstein of  S.F. Calif. TRUTH,  Again Today
you are anti american worker
Set your priorities,I suppose.
I would prefer our representatives represent Americans over groups of illegals, or #Antifa
Put it into a law then. Build the wall.Make a law for remaining ppl for amnesty or whatever.Just do it legally and logically.DACA isnt legal
Wall has been LAW for decades as part of amnesty deal. Amnesty got done but wall not completed. This time wall first then talk amnesty.
How about standing with legal citizens for a change. The Dems pander to minorities for votes. If they voted Republican your party could care
Get to work and make the DACAs legal by legislation. Blowing smoke won't do it Senator
everyone feels much better now
K what ever
@SenFeinstein on @realDonaldTrump "I believe he can be a good president."  #TermLimits
Disabled, Veterans, Homeless, Unemployed...AMERICAN CITIZENS need our help.

Not foreign nationals. WRONG.
Will you stand with them for #SinglePayer  
Thank you for always standing up for all @potus @vp @senategop @speakerryan @SenateMajLdr @senatedems @nancypelosi
And don't forget to vote
