How many American lost the plan and the doctor they liked under ACA?  It's all lies.  That is why Congress exempts itself from the law!
Cancel 4 faulty F-35 aircraft & #SaveACA. Force Congress onto #ACA. Witness healthcare funding & bipartisanship history.
@SenJohnMcCain

Today, I dialed Assemblyman Salas' AT&T listed Bakersfield CA number only to talk to Assemblyman Mathis' assistant, who called me "ma'am."

Here is some evidence of my own apparently wire-tapped call to Assemblyman Salas' Bakersfield, CA office today. How do I call such office? 

A peeper claimed coercing me into claiming myself as believing in myself as about ready to be executed, shouting, "Now wait a minute."

Peepers claimed themselves "coaching (me) like (I'm) playing ball...and it's illegal (verbatim)."

Peepers claimed that The Holy Bible scripture, "Take and eat. This is my body which was shed for thee," allows them to eat Christians up.

Peepers claimed disabling people on purpose to steal their own SSA disability income through hiding their own identity from the government.
Any one person losing healthcare is wrong. 

1000 people losing healthcare is a disaster. 

Millions losing healthcare is all-out war.
Is it possible they missed the sentencing hearings for the govt officials in Flint, MI who endangered the health of their constituents??
Nah. I just think they believe they're above all of that.
@joniernst @ChuckGrassley did you kids know this?
#MoreHumanismLessTheism #ETHICS #SinglePayer
The tax cut auction for the affluent?Lowballing the little guy?Keep congress on a wild goose chase away from pesky Russia investigation?
None are correct.
If the democrats had done a good job when they put Obama care as our insurance we wouldn't be having to go through this again. Own it dems.
How many will lose it under the present plan? Agreed the GOP was I'll prepared but it's no excuse to continue down this unsustainable path.
European socialised health care costs around half that of America,so why this fascination with privatised? Health is not a commodity.

How about 0 million uninsured and #MedicareforAll
GOP it's inhumane & cruel to kill millions of people who need Healthcare/Medicaid! The premiums are still high penalties ridiculous inhumane
If they get it to zero, they might have something.
All because no GOPer wants to admit they truly can't do better than the ACA at its most flawed (and they want to cut taxes for the "elite")
don't throw around fake numbers. The CBO does that

How many people would lose their coverage under #TrumpCare? How much would your premiums go up? Find out. https://ctt.ec/QBk0a+ 

Such a liar!
What about the millions who have lost their coverage due to the bill you signed on. Obamacare
How can Democratis sleep at nite? Everyone knows Obama care is a failure.repeal .stop obstruction and figure out something that works.
Not quite as many from obamacare, but getting close.
Is anyone left?
Have they costed implementation, have promises that Dr.and hospitals will participate?

That's right, We Americans believe in Love Thy Neighbor, just not when you have an appendicitis!
@LindseyGrahamSC @SenJohnMcCain @sendavidperdue @RonJohnsonWI - Is this reflective of how much the #GOP cares about Americans? #SaveOurCare
And skinny will pass. This is heartbreaking.
None are acceptable,  thanks for taking a stand and fighting
SENATOR KEEP FIGHTING THIS! TILL IT IS SAID! THAT NOT 1  PERSON WILL SUFFER BECAUSE OF CARELESSNESS!
Insincere..millions lost their doctors and insurance in 2010. Have you care one bit about that? Have you worked across the aisle to help No
330,000,000? That's how many Americans won't have Obamacare when it implodes!
Thank you for keeping up the good fight!
Stay Strong
Deplorable!
Why don't they just have a lottery and determine who has a chance? Oh wait. There's a book series about that.
they do not LOSE coverage...you know it...Why do you continue to lie. Don't like it? You could always help...
Only 10.5 million signed up for Obamacare. How are these #'s possible? BS? I think so.
Don't let Skinny Bill go to conference. Can't trust Trump or Ryan on any promises they make. (And I'm tired of Ryan's sheet eating grin.)
Now if they'd just pull out one that gave coverage to all, they'd look like heroes.
The contributing Americans are tired of your poor leadership the way you waste our tax dollars on your own crooked agenda
Shameful that they are still even considering a yes vote. They will pay with their careers.
176Million citizens lower their premiums by 50%...fsaving hundreds of billions of $$$$$
Please do your best, you and Kamala Harris, to stop this worse-than-Scrooge move by the #GOP.
A Calif. voter
House in Martial Law sounds of not going to conference? Please God hep you guys stop this & go to normal proceedure, bipartisian ACA fix
#SinglePayer is WTG
How many millions in loses is acceptable? That's the bottom line. No attempt to ADD more people to the healthCare roles. #WTH
Please don't give up the fight for a Healthcare bill that American families can live with. Thank you Senator Feinstein

And the worst part is that those are treated as abstractions. That the ruling majority is treating it as something to balance against cash.
They can do better. 20 mil? 30 mil? Think bigger. I won't be happy I took everyone
Press conference by Senators Graham & McCain justifying their position to vote for the fraud bill was ridiculous! They have really slipped
How many of those don't want or can't afford the coverage?
fight them don't them this sham on the American healthcare pass!
Hardly a loss.....set them free!

@GOP Does not give a fig for The American People!
They'll claim they reduced the uninsured by 50% between their last two bills - full vs skinny.
Pick a fucking number.
they're four separate fucking policy proposals
It's.  all  liberal  bullshit and  you're  a  phucktard 
