Then it's up to states to elect competent senators to run them?  We're not a Socialist country, Diane.  Leave if you can't accept it.
Regulation of the private insurance market isn't socialism.

Socialism is collective ownership of the means of production.
T are abo 45 universal healthcare nations on earth. Most political puppets labeled them socialist? Fake politicians try to hide their greed
Public funding of public goods - such as universal healthcare - is not socialism either.

And it makes a better society for everyone.
Please tell America the truth. T are abo 45 universal healthcare nations on earth. We are human like those people. We deserve a better one
Fake politicians &and political puppets always try to mislead American public...?Ask them whose interests will they serve...
Describing Socialist dems perfectly
Why GOP politicians don't they care about the health of American people ? They don't know how many universal healthcare nations on earth?
ACA is not a perfect one but Repeal ACA is a kind of gradual process of silent mass murder ?
If Trump is a true patriot he will transform ACA into a universal healthcare system for all Americans...
Release the tda accounts and trust funds of the people fraudulently held by the federal reserve and there will be no need for all this
Maternity care is not essential for this grandmother, I don't want to pay for it.
Good. “Obamacare Premiums for 2018 Projected to Make Health Insurance Unaffordable for Many, eHealth Analysis Finds”

Potential cost increases by state:
- AK: $31,790
- AZ: $22,074
- ME: $16,437…
What’s your plan for when this comes to vote?
She's a hard no.
It's more about what her and the Democratic plan is to stop it passing, not her vote.
Good.  That means i won't have to pay for it anymore.
If you have a fucking heart attack and open heart surgery, where does the insurance money come from? The pooled   from all policies. JFC!!
According to @JeffFlake that's just"theoretical?States won't really do that! And the moon is made of green cheese.
And so is Jeff Flake.He is so sleazy. He lied 2 Colbert last night w a smile on his face McConnell hs given Flake a great deal.
and pre-existing conditions and lifetime caps and and and
Very misleading statement.  It allows people to buy what they want not what you say they want
Insurance doesn't work that way pumpkin.
#VoteNOGrahamCassidy
And they are North Carolinian republicans. The office said to have people CALL & share their story.  /1
Perhaps it will help GOP MoC defend themselves with Koch threat to pull their campaign support $$$, I don't know, just please call! /2 end.
https://twitter.com/Debradelai/status/911058182944018432 …
Fact: Grassley is trying to place blame on everyone but Trump camp re Russia. There is plenty of public info proving it. We are watching.

#Breaking:#ObamaCare Is Creating Uninsured Crisis Among #MiddleClass.#RepealObamacare @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins http://www.investors.com/politics/columnists/betsy-mccaughey-obamacare-is-creating-an-uninsured-crisis-among-the-middle-class/ …
Fact: States will determine 4 themselves nature of coverage.u decieve only yourself as your vested interest is only to broaden your base.
How would you know anything about health care?  Remember Obama and you said keep your doctor premiums will go down  LOL didnt happen
Just because states CAN do something doesn't mean they WILL do it, but of course, assuming the worst means not trusting your own party.
States rights
Funny how republicans only want state's rights when it suits their agenda!!
Not everyone needs maternity care.  I am past baby making stage.  Why must you dictate what coverage people must have.  We know our needs!
Idiot!
@realDonaldTrump IT'S HELPING HILLARY HERE SO THIS NEW HEALTHCARE BILL SHOULD BE ABLE TO HELP ANYBODY
Yeah get rid of them all just buy the ins you can afford.
You don't know how insurance works, do you?
Just like all the so called facts when Dem's passed ACA. Just another pack of lies! Sad part is the Sheep believe you. Protect Tax revenue.
Do your job and convince the two senators on the fence to vote no! #Murkowski #McCain
It mst go down it is evil& shd b illegalMcConnell shd go 2 jail 4 bribing Senators so he cn use money taken fr needy 2 giv tax cuts 2 Kochs
you should do your job & stop Chuck Grassley from obstructing Muellers Trump RU investigation.  What are you doing?. https://twitter.com/alt_spicerlies/status/911045711793414144 …
Diane, if you have access, post the entire healthcare bill
Nuns don't need it.
Huh ?
If it's not good instead of bringing just another complainer do what your paid to do work with the authors to make it better(loser)
But it's ok if California ignores federal immigration laws?
It's a testament to just how bad they want to get rid of something good accomplished by a black man
.@SenFeinstein Maternity care is not "essential" for me. I'll get a plan without it. Win-win!
More Democrat lies.  States won't be able to reduce coverage because state citizens will have more control than they do at the Fed level.
.@SenFeinstein Great, not everyone wants or needs maternity care.
Sounds like you're worried that's what Californezula would do. So, can't the "planned parentHood" take care of those things called babies?
Cuz men and women of a certain age don't require it....duh...
Do you really think that little of your State Legislation??  Why does CA get more Medicaid $ than the other 46 Others?
Deedee, States that offer bad plans will population shift and will impact elected officials so no worries.
Once Fed Gov gives State money/grant, is the State’s resp to find insurance co? This is ridiculous & as they say ‘the devil’s in the details
This is one reason why a NO VOTE is requied on Graham Cassidy is a must!
Seeing what states have done to education (like in Texas) I don't want states in control of my health insurance!
Need Medicare for all where you pay for basic thru gov and buy expanded coverage thru ins Cover everyone and negotiate drug prices.
Maybe we don't want to buy maternal care.
Republicans idea of health insurance is a 20yr old being able to select insurance that only covers 1 flu shot annually & costs $89 a month.
Better than paying $14,400 each year and not been able to use it like #Obamacare
Bot
Only if California wants to. Quit lying to your people you swamp thing. They'll figure out the truth and lynch you soon enough.
But it covers Viagra. Priorities, right?
Our entire country will be riddled in blue, as is blue balls, especially those currently red states
These guys CAME from WOMAN! Why don't they want maternity care?#noGrahamCassidy
GOP want to kill Obamacare to get BLOOD MONEY for TAX REFORM TO GIVE WEALTHY HUGE TAX CUTS.  We get $300/yr. -
Half of this country is female and the other half are on this Earth thanks to a female. There's NO reason a state should be able to opt out.
Graham-Cassidy is a mistake and a disaster.
Greedy Insurance companies SHOULD NOT be involved in the healthcare business with the goal of making money, LOTS OF MONEY.
In Canada we pay in our taxes according2income to have healthcare.Recently I had surgery, radiation and chemo and NO BILL. No insur company.
Tomorrow are money will be made in China. It's cheaper. More money in my picket. Following the dollar. Line my pickets Quick
Lady, U don't know what your talking about. You don't care who's hurt as long as the O'Bummer Nightmare continues. Dems don't care about Us
Sounds like a State's problem...
Senators should agree with what American taxpayers want!! If the super rich don’t support Americans then they shouldn’t live here.
#WTF? That doesn't explain anything! You used to be a decent Senator. Now you're a #LyingDimmScumBag like Pelosi! Some G-C bill facts:
No problem it's just what you all went DictatorshipCar insurance company can doit so why not even oneFollow the dollarMoneytalksand Bullshit
ACK!!
This bill is exactly what @LindseyGrahamSC called it. Garbage!!!
#SaveACA
#KillTheBill 
#GrahamCassidy
So you don't trust California legislature. You have good reason not bank on those wax jobs.
