Taxation Without Representation for US women
Two of them from #Wyoming Why is Wyoming overrepresented in this ridiculous committee?
Crazy.
Ya better to get rid of all politician influence on healthcare , the price might drop. How are you still functioning as old as you are?
If all the Dems strongly push for single payer, you could make the GOPs lives a living hell. Pick us over your health insurance donors
Turn the AFA into a single payer system and out in price controls on drugs , 10% over cost. Let's get our  country  back.
Yep. The Individual Mandate is a crappy right wing proposal, the Heritage Foundation's answer to single payer.
What does their skin colour have to do with it?  Racist.
Because black, hispanic, asian, and native American women have healthcare concerns as well
I understand her point and I agree but I don't see why colour has anything to do with it. Would she have said this if it was 13 black men?
"Ridiculous" is not the word that comes to mind.
VIOLATION
DESPICABLE
OUTRAGEOUS
Perhaps you should volunteer to help?
#SinglePayer
.@ConsortiumNews 3/30/17
Duping Americans on Healthcare and War
https://consortiumnews.com/2017/03/30/duping-americans-on-healthcare-and-war/ …
#FuckTheGOP #FuckThePatriarchy
Who the fuck is in charge of the #TrumpRussiaInvestigation ! Do something to save our country for fuck's sake! #$hame
True, I'm certain @realDonaldTrump Is more than intelligent enough to do it perfectly on his own. #MAGA
You are the ridiculous one-always bashing white men.  Bashing an entire category of ppl is ridiculous.  Haters gonna hate.
And what do you have against white men? Is it going to become a racial issue now? Ask for other races to be added. Try asking nicely.
#unacceptable
.@SenFeinstein .@No_Mirth if you're so pissed why don't you fight it instead of tweeting about it?
Oh I am... don't assume that just because we use social media we aren't active in our communities as well, we use many tools to do a job...
كلام فاضى
no, what's ridiculous is that u don't support single payer, the most popular idea in the country! U care more for your donors than us.
Most people your age are in a nursing home, maybe you should be taxed more and retire in assisted living
Incredibly sad, that this is true
Quite misleading. There are plenty of women actually writing the bill. The senators are just the face of the committee.
As in life. Women do the hard work. Then take the credit. Unacceptable that the faces of women are not present at the table
I believe the senators point was lack of diversity. The biggest gap being bring gender as she pointed out. It clearly is not a racist statement but a cogent rebuke for lake of diversity
Democrats always inject skin color into every issue........and you wonder why there is a "President" Trump; has nothing to do with Russians.
Its beyond ridiculous.  It's criminal.
Agreed
It is ridiculous to have a republican to be part of this panel. All look like didn't have mothers, sisters, daughters or wives. Bad
we are not all getting what we deserve. The majority of Americans didn't vote 4 him. #6million
Please explain why you don't support single payer & using identity politics to deflect your position.
Her office hasnt ansswered the phone in I dont know how long. I keep leaving messages from Germany. In fact, I think I'll leave one now . .
Have you read the comments on this thread? 
Either bots or uniformed voters. As usual missing the point
I keep tellin her staffers on the messages to get their CVs in order cause she's serving her last term right now. Her & Pelosi both.
No you're ridiculous. If you are going to make a point then do it in an educated way. Not at a similar level to that you are opposing.
I sense male gender hatred.
Breaking: Sen McConnell: "Until Murkowski stops calling me 'Shelly' and 'turtle-neck', no girls allowed." #DeflateSenWaddle
Dianne Feinstein is some kind of pathetic...so irresponsible.
Why say white? Just say men. Dont need race politics. ?
Your stock portfolio senator, how big of an increase will your stock portfolio see when it passes?
Fine example of race baiting. I thought the left or the "progressives" didn't see gender...would 13 black men be better? 13 Hispanic men?
Dear @SenFeinstein you forgot they're also part of the wealthy elite aristocracy & r beholden to Corp donors! Of course, that's cause u r 2!
The house isn't any better C section is a pre existing condition - guess we're going back to when women would die in child birth??
You're ridiculous; if someone said 13 women of color can't make a trustworthy decision on some issue, you'd be the first one crying about it
Why don't you support Medicare for all?
America is white. It's your husband, your son, ect., take it up with them and tell them to stop being racist so it'll be diff in the future.
Of course.
so do something, we're sitting here watching & don't understand why, what do we do?
It was ridiculous when when the Democrats crafted Obama Care and GOP had no input into health care for their constituents.  #hypocrite
@SenWarren @HillaryClinton @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan They were never going to let a woman win. The elections were rigged. Look at Wisconsin
Hmm. Marine Le Pen could have used your ringing endorsement last week because women stick together and all that.
right on lets make sure that gets changed women have power and leverage use it for good of this country no back door deals.
Your tweet implies men cannot do the work required. That's sexist.
Absolutely disgusting. What year are we living in???
It is more than ridiculous.  It is a tragedy waiting to happen.
Why do women keep voting in so many males? This guy thinks the County would be better off with more BALANCED representation.
This idiot of a president made sure of that.   Smh!
Impeach Trump replace ALL REPUBLICANS!
8% of Americans are white male Republicans.  I would be content with ANY more diversity to represent the other 92%.
Yes, and what is also ridiculous is that you are not moving FAST toward #MedicareForAll. Come, join the majority of Americans on healthcare!
what are you doing about it?
Hey Di. Rather than simply complain, why don't you do engage the negotiations in an effort to help your constituents before ACA collapses
Yes, do something please.
Like they have a uterus.Can imagine what the law will be. Laies start covering your heads and head back to when we didn't count.
...  and disgraceful /:-)
As for me, I am deeply a democrat; this is why I am in no way a socialist. Democracy and socialism cannot go together. #PCFACHISTS
No that's trumpcare.
It's time for a nation-wide Day Without Women!
I do not trust you. Won't ever vote for you again. You need to go. We need a stronger leader you are wasting our time.
Whats ridiculous is sayng medical care isnt gender issue! I dont need erectile disfunction treatment even if it is preexistng
Volunteer for the panel.   It is time to work together and get some women at the table.
You've got that right Senator
This is RIDICULOUS!!! It's maddening!!! I'm sick of old men deciding the fate of women's health!!!!!!!!!
Ain't it amazing what 13 whites guys will decide for all of us. Remember Abigail Adam's admonishment "don't forget the ladies"
Ah, ur so funny and stupid and ignorant all at the same time. U Dems r so pathetic. You've done nothing to help.
I'm a white man, can you drop that "white" out of your description when you are talking about guys attacking women's rights and issues.
Fight for us, Sen. Feinstein!
Please start making waves about @realDonaldTrump Senator. We need a special prosecutor in place yesterday!!!
It's another deep insult to half this countries population
Please keep speaking up - we need WOMEN to represent healthcare for women
Come on guys - nobody understands women's healthcare better than women!!  Get it together!!
Please call for a special prosecutor!!!
What is even more ridiculous is that you got elected senator.
Sounds good to me.
#MitchMcConnell has made an egregious error! We will not forget. Too bad we couldn't get his seat before retirement. This is an abomination!
Not just ridiculous: insane, stupid, lacking character or common sense and not caring for constituents. Not enough space in orig. tweet.
I would refuse to have children if this bill passes. After all, any pregnancy would be a pre-existing condition.
Please help us. This can't pass. We'll have a mass exodus (death) of all the middle class down to the poverty level due to no medical care.
What can we do to stop this? Seems like the people have no power anymore.
Rogaine and Viagra fully covered...mammograms, shammograms.
Ridiculous
#SaveACA #Fixit
It is cruel and hateful. We will vote them out, sadly they will have let too many die with their Trumpcare
Not to those of us who don't believe we're defined by our private parts and skin color. Get a grip, racist.
Sorry Senator, this AHCA from @POTUS is going to Kill more than 125 million Americans. 55 and older double fees for care. #VetsAgaistTrump.
Change it.
wow, that's is a seriously racist statement
Stupid I agree but seriously now focus every ounce of energy and effort on the #TrumpRussiaInvestigation Please!!
please stop  posturing for Democrats votes and fake news go trump administration
@TatyanaAli PRETTY RACIST !
Point not lost on me, sister. Leaving the largest users out of the conversation; pitiful. I live in pitiful times. You rocked yesterday btw.
And vote them out in the next cycle? In all fairness, there are a lot of politicians from a lot of races that are putting stupid shit into
Whenever I disagree with something now, may I refer to the race of the people signing the bill, or do I just act like a normal person?
Insert yourself into their committee.
When did you become a racist?
Has anyone asked you to shut up today? Let me be the first. Why are you trying to divide people? STOP already. No one respects you.
We do women Senators in the Senate don't we?
Why were none put on with the men? Women know what is really needed !!!
What can be done? We write,call, fax, e-mail and they just ignore us. 2018 can't come fast enough.
What does color have to do with this exactly? This is clearly a racist statement in an effort to pander to minorities. You should be ashamed
I know we are minority party. But hey all female senators together and demand inclusion. Please
Your comment is absurd. You were OK with all Democrats passing the disaster Obamacare and imposing it on the American people.
Do your job get him out of there
Republicans keep acting like it's the '50s...the 1850s.  #NeverVoteRepublican
It sure is! But No one is surprised. These men discount all women--colleagues, wives, employees, daughters, sisters. #NoAHCA
It's intolerable. I don't know how we fix all rhis, but we're running out of time  #resist #Resistance
We the people must fire trump and his cronies
GOP knows full well that ACA works & can be improved & Single Payer would help American business compete in world markets. #PaidGOPpols
Amen, Senator.
Free Viagra!!!
Exactly!!!
I thought I saw a white woman in the picture
And what are you going to do about that????
So do something about it!  #LeanIn
Did u notice 2 senators are ones who got slammed by Sally Yates? Repub men nothing but cowards.
Timing of Comey firing is suspicious.
Trump/Sessions are part Russia investigation, should not have decided
#IndependentInvestigation
What's EVEN MORE Ridiculous is the fact that YOU- Diane- REFUSE to work with any of them on ANY solutions - that is arrogant & STUPID!!!
Pick some good women and go sit in. What are they going to do?
 MAKE THEM LISTEN
But of course @SenateMajLdr has been an incompetent obstructionist "leader".for years. @SpeakerRyan & @SenateMajLdr have done great damage.
Those 13 Republican senators need to impeach @realDonaldTrump  TODAY!!!
Why are you a racist???
@CarebearWess how is that 125 million women you say where do you nutjobs get your numbers
They have no clue how the rest of us survive.  How we sit at our tables to figure out how to rob Peter to pay Paul!  WE THE PEOPLE UNITE!!!
This Is Just Another Reason Why...       I NEVER-EVER, EVER Vote For The Right-Wing, WACKO-Party!!!!
Why is PREGNANCY considered a PRE-EXISTING CONDITION and ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION is not?
that's a sexist comment, you should be ashamed of yourself.
infuriating. We must stop this.
correction 13 wealthy white elderly males are deciding on women's health care....there are just no words that I can find..uhg
GOOD POINT, SENATOR!!!... These Right-Wing, WACKOS Just Don't Get It!!!... Whenever The WACKOS RUN Washington - America SUFFERS!!!!
#deathmanel
13 reasons why...
Hope the women of the Senate will do better! Counting on you & @KamalaHarris! 92653-5769 voter.
Everything is about race, gender or party. This is tweet is pathetic. ACA architect was a white male.  Identity politics when convenient!
You honestly think one man wrote the ACA?  By himself?
Obviously not by himself.  If the room was half male and half female and the bill was the same would you be any happier?
Yes. Because at least half the people there would be intimately aware of what it's like to be female.
And would've been there to give input.
get a life
It's ridiculous 13 people only r in charge of health care!!!
Why not you & Amy Klobuchar as well?
indeed it is. Make sure you get the 51 no votes
And because of the optics, I've heard they'll be adding a token woman. Yes, that will totally make them look less horrible and sexist - not.
Arrogant, worthless Senators
Are we surprised????
I'm more concerned that the healthcare bill is written by senators whom it doesn't affect at all.  This isn't just a gender issue.
#RacistGop just like #racisttrump hates women @Amy_Siskind @MaxineWaters @maddow @ananavarro @MariaTCardona @SenWarren @JoyAnnReid @Lawrence
So do something about it. What can I do? I'm willing. Just let me know.
If the corps are "people"& they cause deaths, let them be charged with a crime PREMEDITATED MURDER  #WhenCorpsBecomePeoplePeopleBecomeCorpse
#TAXtheCHURCHES who preach hatred, intolerance, bigotry, misogyny or violence toward U.S. Citizens.  If you see something - say something
Gross Old Penises #RememberEveryNovember #StopGOP #TheResistance
Should be criminal! Females are more than 50% of this country and I for 1 am SICK of MEN deciding our futures! WATCH free Viagra, not Mamo's
Here's a thought :  Have an all-women press conference to determine Viagra coverage.
13 OLD white men.
Yay! It is 1953 again!!!
Stone Age. No vision. No Grace. #theResistance
Not sure why their race is important, but I agree with your general point.
Just wrong!  Clueless
@Lee_in_Iowa Rally the womens caucus and hold McConnells feet to the fire!Demand to be involved in drafting the bill!
didn't dem have 2 white men write the ACA? Also only dem were involved writing the aca, That's ridiculous.
If by 'ridiculous', she meant 'stupid AF'....I agree.
What's so bad about white men?
Looks like troll are out......
Of course - ALL of America is white, straight and male! 
Why is anybody drafting a Senate healthcare bill when maj of Americans want ACA but with amendments? THAT's ridiculous #SaveACA
Stop losing.
He'll put Ivanka on the committee 
@charliekirk11 And speaking of color blind,  why do Dems retweet this nonsense?  Why do they want 2 keep us fighting?
No Ma'am. It's not just ridiculous...it's a state of emergency since many women will die in the hands of these men!!!! Please help!!!!
It is more than ridiculous - it is dangerous, potentially deadly for American women.  It should NOT be allowed.  How do we fix this???
unless they rock a uterus they have no right.
Sit down, you're a corporate democrat...
It is beyond ridiculous. It is aggregious. Women should put on their red capes and march in the streets in protest. #ahca @womensmarch
Don't you just love it when men pat you on your head and tell you "Don't worry your pretty little head about such things, my dear..."????
I want an emoji of a pink hat 
Stop calling it AHCA. Needs to be called Trumpcare.
Well, as soon as they realize how much work it's going to be, they'll get a few women on board.
#FundiesForeverFixingFemaleProblems
Everything about this whole "bill" is ridiculous, including saying we won't miss $880 billion.
that's why government has no business running healthcare. It will be ruined by democrats or republicans.
Oh I see what you're doing here. Please retire, you don't look well. #TermLimits
