If you are an manufacturing company, why on earth would you locate here? #MFGDay17
Access to engineering talent from top public and private schools
Not manufacturing.
It facilitates manufacturing including new processes and machinery. Look at Siemens in Sacramento, Raytheon in El Segundo, and many others
...to create jobs in lower cost areas.
No those are manufacturing locations. Sacramento is the lead for Siemens mobility division to manufacture locomotives. CA has mfg assets
Apple
Yes Apple is an example of design in CA with manufacturing abroad. I was answering your 1st statement - mfg companies that want to be in CA
Sanctuary state, you’re on your own. NO federal money. NONE!
Except there is a lot of Federal money with contractors like Northrop Grumman, Raytheon, and Lockheed Martin located throughout the state
Lots of places to cut billions. California can’t afford to lose hundreds.
Cut billions in defense spending? Sure that's a possibility but that would certainly hurt California manufacturing
Get the liberal democrats out,  And the illegal's, and California will be productive again.  Not until then.
It's about time Dems agree to something on Pres Trump's agenda. Help @POTUS bring Mfg jobs back to America.
I think this means they have lots of low skilled service jobs 4 those with public education
Bloated pay scales for big unions; overruled & overregulated; high state taxes; govt waste - It's the liberal way in CA. #DemsRuinedCalif
Yes! Especially in new industries like 3D printing, additive manufacturing, biotech, transport,including self-driving vehicles, hyperloop!
If you aren't on the public dole-public employee union, Senator, for example, you're screwed. Can we talk about pension liability? #MFGDay17
Day late and a dollar short. Manufacturing is dead - killed by high cost of living, lack of infrastructure. Those jobs will never come back.
Lower taxes and regulations would do it.

Does this imply that one manufacturing job in California could support two people in a less expensive state?
#boostbluecolorjobs
Senator Feinstein please wait until Speaker Ryan come up with a new tax code reform , So the CONGRESSMEN and senators can make more money.
Um, how about lower the regressive taxes that discourage business?  What a concept! 
Dr.Longren we need high taxes ! How do you expect CONGRESSMEN and senators to get paid and fill their pork barrel?Dr.Please be realistic.
That’s because you pay triple the taxes in California !!!!!! You might want to take a basic math class
What world do you live in Dinosaur Diane? Manufacturing is dead and automation will replace the majority of those jobs.
Just one of five manufacturing businesses in the East Bay burbs that 300 CTE students visited on #manufacturingday
The have to pay double it cost twice as much to live there you dumb ass
Why don't you tax the shit out of them?  That oughtta do it.  Businesses react positively to that.
1st step: Stop voting for democrats
Get it out of California!
DACA kids have put a $27B hole in CA budget over the last 15 year due to their subsidized public education.
same money could have been used to create moderize CA infrastructure , decrease tax burden on CA and encourage business & manufacturing
We need to invest in education and do away with the stigma of vocational training. Not everyone is excited by the thought of college.
Get rid of this Clown Jerry Brown
and tax them to death.
Okay. Start by rewriting the tax laws. Then go after the grossly convoluted water rights.  Finally, address the housing costs & mass transit that goes nowhere.  Then we can talk about mfg jobs.
What manufacturing jobs?  They are in Texas now. Meanwhile your husbands company gets a billion $ crazy train contract.  Totally crooked
Why don’t you call out the Trumps for manufacturing outside the USA?
Cut corporate taxes Diane.  Why don't you know that.  "A rising tide lifts all boats".
Infrastructure rebuild America
They still make less living in a High Tax State and let's not forget the houses are priced out of the reach of the middle class.
Illegal aliens willing to work for less
California could easily grow if our so called leaders would get business friendly and stop chasing job creators out of the state
Get women in the streets. Let's take our humanity back! We need someone to lead, organize & fight back!
I think the Beach Boys sang a song called California Envy.
The legal issues surrounding hiring in California scare many employers; why go thru the hassle when they can set up in another state.
Do you want manufacturing or environmental political correctness? Oh yeah, revenue. You want the revenue.
Get rid of the tax tax tax tax tax tax tax tax.. Democrats are killing CA by too much taxes and regulations
NY4TRUMP WE SHOULD ONLY TAX THE POOR PEOPLE AND THE WORKING CLASS! THE 1% AND POLITICIANS DON'T PAY ANY TAXES !! ( exempt)
Wrong!!!
The President will handle that, you have no knowledge about creating jobs.
Solar panels and wind turbines.
Brown will just tax the butt off us to pay for stuff to pay for it, & it costs more than average to live here.
Taxes are too high in California in California does not deliver value the bunch of regulations and a bunch of overspending politicians
Taxes and cost of living is double
REDUCE THE DAMN TAXES YOU HEEP ON EVERYONE
California just needs to secede and the. You can go away.  State govt acts like federal law doesn’t apply
@KamalaHarris would say “just raise minimum wage to equal manufacturing wages”. But we know she’s the other Dem Senator idiot from CA.
Let's get it going. Start the model and share to other states
Whatever you've been doing, just do the opposite.
A good start is to stop the regulatory war on Employers.  #waronemployers
California is a joke to the rest of America , sanctuary hell
Who do they pay double to, workers or shareholders? 
Stop buying Made in China might help.  Just a guess!
Is this why the cost of living and people leaving CA? We can't find enough people for the jobs in Bowling Green, Ky
Clean energy
What you purposely omitted is CA Dems tax is to death.
Lobby/pressure @realDonaldTrump to put his words into actionsBring Trump Production Back To The US. Only then can he brag
Support @POTUS!
You mean like hiring all the illegals first over the US Citizens ?
#SanctuaryState
#IndictCAReps
#ImpeachTrump, that's how
Let's build wind turbines, all green technological machines. Let's not let China lead!
Let's build them in your town, not mine.
Get rid of the tax tax tax spend spend spend @CA_Dem 's in Sacramento for starters.
Working for low wages
Then STOP FIGHTING @POTUS- HE IS WORKING HARD TO MAKE THAT HAPPEN.
I have heard of this amazing thing called deregulation? Maybe we could explore it more?
It's really hard to find manufacturing jobs.  I just stay in school because just staying on school loans is preferable economically than
