(2/2) Take action RIGHT NOW: Tell the Trump administration to leave California’s marine sanctuaries alone!
It means you will have more illegals so we will know where to go to round them up. Thank you.
Here's what @DevinNunes thinks about that. 
Not in California. 
We could put wind turbines off the Pacific and have plenty of energy without the negative environmental impact.
We should be on wind and solar.
I used to live in hippie-eco Santa Cruz, Ca.
They FOUGHT wind energy turbines off the coast.
Didn't want to ruin their view.
NNNNNOOOOOOOO
I know. This is a crime against nature
Jeeze - any puppies or kittens they want to kill too?? It feels like this is the goal: ruin anything that is good.
No but they made it legal to hunt and kill hibernating bears earlier this year 
Well, this fool is killing jogi the bear!
Drill Mitch McConnells  head see if there's a brain
This Administration is the epitome of Evil. Undoing everything that is good about USA.
Must stop him
Dems silent on violence on conservitives. Terrible!!
The man is sick with hate...
And super crazy and not in a good way. Most crazy people are bi-polar or schizophrenic , He is a sociopath, the Narrasstic if the year!
.@realDonaldTrump only cares about himself. The environment, wildlife, the poor, disabled, LBGTQ, etc. do not cross his radar. Not my Prez!
Conservatives reserve their ultimate hate for CA. It's everything they stand against - diversity, good education, inclusiveness.
Hate? You guys promote violence against the Conservatives. Now, that's hate. Sad.
Oh please! Spare me the whining. I haven't forgotten the last 8 years. Nor have I forgotten all the calls for armed revolution by the right
You'll have to show me which Democratic politician is calling for armed revolution and such crap.
What? You sound a bit testy yourself.
@glennasonly My God.
What has gone so very wrong in D.C. that we seem destined to discard all civility, rational thought, and hard earned status?
I don't want dems to row over this is Chuck Todd, Grenta we need to get as dirty as they are.
What?
Is there anything sacred they will leave alone. New day, new disaster!
No, they want it all, they don't care about clean water or air!
THEY FUCKING BETTER NOT
Wtf  why does he get a kick back someone needs to stop hi he makes me sick
Of course they are, that's what fascists do- rape our natural resources for corporate profit #Resist
The US must take action to take care of itself and not depend on foreign countries!
Stop this Senator
Because of his rather narrow understanding of marine life, it is fishlife in fishtanks where exotic fish frolic endlessly.
Yes, it is I live in Louisiana so I know! We are basically a sacrifice zone for oil and gas! Cancer alley!
I'm a marine biologist, and can confirm that this is a terrible idea.
Find exact locations. GET word out & we'll park boats 10 miles in diameter around every site ! THE AMERICAN PPL ARE FAR FROM ALL IGNORANT!
GOOD FOR 45! GOVT HAS TOO MUCH LAND ANYWAY. Tell Nancy Pelosi, PLEASE RESIGN, YOU ARE CAUSING TOO MUCH TURMOIL ,HATRED, DIVISION, INFIGHTING
That is the worst thing I have heard yet
@chadglasn Doesn't CA have a say in that? @louisarelia @OurOcean
A good question.
NO! @realDonaldTrump Save our Marine life in protected sanctuaries
u should be more concerned with the radiation from Fukushima nuclear disaster in our coast. Why do u ignore Diablo Canyon or San Onofre?
Horrible indeed.
I wrote him just mow
No please do not polute my state.
Awful......
NOooooooooooooooo
So #greedy and #vile!
Conservative Groups Pushing Trump To Exit Paris Climate Deal Have Taken Millions From Koch Brothers, Exxon
NO NO NO NO NO NO.  This is barbaric I hate Trump-destroying, smashing and killing. He needs to go before he turns US into a wasteland.
So, it seems you don't like anything about the President.  Such a fraud you are.
This Executive branch as TOO damn much power!!  Legislative branch: Assert yourselves more!!  ("Co-equal", remember?!)
Katrina Pierson- gop grifter. #trumpidiot
Fossil Fuel is for Dinosaurs#dumptrump
The Republicans need to change their party name to the "Destroyers" because they destroy everything when they are in power!
Very good! If we export enough oil we can pay off the 20 trillion debt!
Trump is going to attempt to destroy Planet Earth...There is no other planet for his butt to live!!! #igganutttrump
Please someone wake Trump from his sleep of ( crush kill destroy )
This must be STOPPED
I REALLY HATE THESE SUB HUMANS.
"Considering " ?? Lets keep up the  hysteria... Dianne !!
That is disgusting!! If he keeps going we won't have to worry about living in the US he will have destroyed it!!
NO! N O spells NO!
So what do we do to stop him?
Greedy CA wants oil to drive everywhere, they just don't want to use their oil?  Trump is equalizing the playing field and u don't like it!
That's crazy why destroy a beautiful Sanctuary
WHAT?!??!?!?!?!?!
Leave it to liberals to put sponges before human beings...
NO!!!
California is being hit very hard by this administration. Drilling for money is what Rexxon is about in this White House.
It might be the first time California boaters form a blockade.
So we should cut off California from oil and oil products. You don't want to drill but you want to use it. #hypocrites
He will do what he can to damage California
Stop them
If this is California sanctuaries can CA protect them directly?
Please do not let this hapoen
Drill baby drill!!!
There is nothing these people do think to do did that is normal and decent
California has to stop this NOW!
Trump is systematically ruining America. We have to get him out now before he can do more damage!
I cried hard on Nov.8 because of the implications for the environment/planet overall!  I still do.
I know how you feel.
Please work with the president to keep this from happening. You may need to compromise in other areas, but we must set priorities.
THIS MAKES ME SOOO ANGRY!
Heinous
When/where does the madness end? It's so very sad. #savetheenvironment #protectwildlife #SaveOurOceans
Fact or speculation?
Ok, I don't much care where trump goes, but we need to get the driver of this administration, Bannon, out pronto!  I see his fingerprints...
No, you don't!
I hate America
@SarahHuckabee "Our goal everyday is to do what we can to protect life of all forms" except when it comes to PEOPLE OR WILDLIFE RIGHT?
About damn time! Your state is broke, it could use the money. Unless you squander it.
@realDonaldTrump  Does your team make terrible decisions to get even with environmentalists?  STOP oil drilling in Calif marine sanctuaries!
That's all he seems to care to do, get even or oppose anything that Obama/Hillary got done or believe.
He thinks we hate him now, wait til he tries to screw up our marine preserves. It'll be all out war!
We don't need more oil it's at it lowest to costly to do
Let's see those trumpers in court...
Sad!
Our oceans are already struggling with acidification- we should do everything we can to block this!
No, we are Not going buck the Trump Administration, we are sick and tired of your Lies and Phony objections. We doubt these Pict. are real.
Take them to court, Governor Brown... states rights all the way!
How about reducing the need for gasoline? Etc, etc, etc?
That's what this country gets for electing someone who worships money above all else, and couldn't care less about this country. SCARY.
Senator - Can the state of California file action of some kind to halt and/or otherwise protect these areas as critical to our state?
I wonder if Trump has ever seen any of our national parks. Seriously.
Can you play golf at a national park?  There's your answer.
actually you can at Yosemite.
Can't put this off until 2020! Action now!
NO!!!
Unacceptable.
No no no!  This can't be allowed to happen.
A sound no to this plan.
GOP only sees $$ not preservation. Get them out of office & help save this planet! Wake up America or watch earth die. It's up to us!
Goodbye, oceans. Will a few rich bastards getting richer justify your demise?
#GOP - Making Oil Barons Great Again.
