The Supreme Court’s decision in ShelbyCounty v. Holder was wrong. Voting is a right. We must protect it! #RestoreTheVOTE
Show valid ID and proof of citizenship to vote. Is that a problem? Why would it be? Unless you are trying to get non citizens to vote. Shame
Peoples votes
and do you know why SCOTUS did that?  Or is your wisdom superior to that of the court

#TSA Advance Singing Students exclusive Recording Session at T-Series Main Studio #recordingsession #music #TSA  #advancesingingstudents 
You should vote to tighten voter laws to include proving the right to vote.  Require proof of citizenship for all voters. No proof, no vote.
I can hardly wait to get back my country from fanatics like you ...liberals
Next year we'll grant the vote to corporations. It's only a matter of time.
Corporations dont need an official right to vote to exert power/pressure. Corporate tax loopholes, corporate wealth, corporate lobbyists...
& yet there still has NEVER EVER BEEN an auditable paper trail of how votes were counted that can be verified by voters after the fact.
GLOBALLY COUNTRIES HAVE DEVELOPED WAYS TO DO EXACTLY THAT..22MILLION DEMOCRATS  REGISTERED TO VOTE. DELETED FROM REGISTRATION=COULD NOT VOTE
May I please have a source for this?
?????????
MAJORITY OF US GOOGLE FOR SOURCES AND FIND IT VERY EFFECTIVE AND NOT MAKE DEMANDS ON OTHERS TIME
I did google first, I see 6 million and that being due to felony records. Btw I think your caps lock is on....
WE DO CAPS FEEL FREE TO BLOCK 
CHECK 6MILL FELONIES
NOTED REPEATED.22MILLION DEMS REGISTERED TO VOTE DELETED FROM ELECTIONS.COULDN'T VOTE
Another sacred law is CITIZENSHIP STATUS. Yet you feel chaotic sanctuary city status protections from federal law is just "Fein"-Stein...
Need to be educating the public. we do not know what that means
An unfortunate ruling. Maybe even racist
Money buys votes and politicians. Must explain why you're still in Congress.
5 years ago the supreme court was democrat heavy. Democrats are in their own way. Just using emotion to appeal to you. No one in DC cares!!
Funny you mention that. 2 major politicians opposing MLK were democrats. #knowyourhistory
Hillary was right about the vast right wing conspiracy. They have been stacking the courts with fundamentalists. I wish I was just paranoid
Also important is that people with disabilities do vote including my autistic son. Now if he could only get housing. Developrs need incents.
This feel worse than just a lost election to an insane person.  It feels like the country is lost...for decades.
No kidding. What were they thinking, some fantasy about our society being color blind. Ha, look at the bigot in the WH or golf course.
And many STILL wonder why the BLM movement exists?
And voila! We get the worst majority of GOP lawmakers in the Senate and House and the bigliest orange goon ever to hold office as POTUS.
we still have voter rights.Mail in ballots help the ones who can't get out.Your lying for a reason why
Lemme guess, a Scalia led decision?
So sad and America suffers
Of your an American citizen and show an id you should be allowed to vote , end of story
I'm proud & happy to be required to prove my eligibility as a citizen to exercise my right to vote!  Basic patriotism & accountability!
Off with their heads 
And the saddest part of that - Supreme Court ruined Voting Act before Gorsuch showed up!
Sen Dianne feinstein for prison!!!
Why are their decisions so insidiously clear to them and so radically perverted, skewed and biased to most of us?
52 years ago, your party voted against it.
Stop making it harder to vote.
Did you help pass it? I mean you lifetime career politicians is unreal how long you have robbed the taxpayers while getting rich from WallST
Good. Time to finish the job.
Voting is a privilege and should be verifiable.
@jncbooks All of it has to 
b fixed! We need to make it so it cannot be taken out! Voters rights are irrefutable and permanent
Time to retire.
Snowflakes
#FakeNews #propaganda
A dark day for the judicial branch
Yet you disallowed all those under 18?  Why is that?
WHAT DO WE NEED TO DO TO CHANGE THAT AND SET LIMITS FOR.CAMPAIGN FUNDS SO SERVING AND  NOT BUYING.A OFFICE IN GOVT
@Scotus have undermined democracy and our republic. They are not upholding our constitution
Sometimes
Bring back preclearance
And look where we are now. Russia interfering and billionaires buying pols like robots to do their dirty work
You loved them when they let millions of innocent babies. be killed
They the boss
Would so refreshing to have automatic registration & no voter supression + quit having declaration of party to register.
How many counties in CA is it again that has more registered voters than eligible ones?
You don't count Primary votes in .ca.  Retire or be beat. You are gone either way
Agreed, @scotus made huge mistake 5 years ago.  Time to fix that.
We are aware of what took place 5 yrs ago. Talk is cheap, how do we fix it now before 2018 election. Let's get going now.
....and Sessions is gutting what's left of it!! 
Approved by democrats? Cause you know they are supposed to vote to approve those nominations
Thank you Supreme court. As bad off as CA is anything you support cannot be good.
What's the big deal?  The 15th amendment was ratified 147 yrs ago giving citizens of color the right to vote followed by 19th amend. in 1920
Yes they did and what a shame . Our founding fathers did their best to protect us but greed made the changes . Shameful
Congress needs to look at the constitution which they didn't. So the Supreme Court made the correct changes.
The Supreme Court has that right. Honor and Respect..
What? An unjust ruling is unjust. It should never be accepted. We'd still have miscegenation if we did that.
What good is the highest legal ruling if we don't accept the voice of the Supreme act?
That is the law, for now. But we should fight and change it, not accept and "honor" it.
Am so disgusted by the lack of ethics from the Supreme Court Rethug oriented mentality and destroying such sacred policies.
The only reason we enjoy freedom is our constitution. You would change it every 10 years if allowed to.
Corporate scumbags like Koch Bros that @HouseGOP @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr brown nose are trying to rewrite it.
Voting rights are for citizens,  not illegal aliens.  Protect the vote by requiring valid identification.
Good Monday, Sen.Dianne Feinstein  of S.F. California
That you think VRA is our most sacrad law shows how ignorant you are of the country's founding principles. I suspect it's intentional.
then it must of been unconstitutional, duh
funny its that when Obama was in power
IF THAT'S THE CASE THAT IS WHY IT IS FAILING !JUST AS ACA !BECAUSE IT WAS GUTTED !THE REASON IT IS FAILING !WITH BOTH; WE SHOULD START ANEW
Voting 'rights' are for US CITIZENS. Not any breathing mammal that happens to be on US soil. We need citizenship proof & pic ID to vote!
Then maybe congress should do its job and reel the courts in if they are usurping their authority
I know it's hard for the Dems but the Supreme Court is the other and Final Constitution protector
Chief Justice Roberts wll hv a truly unique legacy 1 American caucasians wll enshrine & th remndr of Americans wll disavow 
and you're still in office....term-limits...
