Thank God, if you were there, you would want taxpayers to pay for the snowflakes transgender fluidity.  You liberals are snakes.
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DArR8_mXgAAGlMT.jpg …
Speculation Diane
Indeed Ma'am
Should child birth be free Diane? How much extra should they pay? $500 per month? Give us a figure?
Says a guy...
Don't see you offering any solutions.
No! Single payer healthcare is NOT a "government takeover" as you well know. Shame on you for lying to constituents like that 4 big donors!
She just accepted more lobby money from private health insurance company SPECIFICALLY to turn down single payer. She needs to be VOTED OUT!
Like Medicare, the government simply negotiates lower costs on care, drugs and handles payments 4 all.
.@GOP keeps referring 2 RISK POOLS states can handle. #WRONG! Was in an #IL pool & it was over 800$ per mo. Cost prior 2 #ACA! .@GOP lying!
So what are you paying now and are getting the same insurance.
And Obama PROMISED I'd save $2500 on my premium which was a lie...and this isn't??
If it were a secret, you wouldn't know about it... Also, "could" is a little vague. You have no proof, do you?
Says a guy...
I would hope a woman would want proof from her Senator when she or he makes an accusation or declaration, don't you? It's not about sex, thx
Don't be surprised when the GOP pens a bill prohibiting women from wearing shoes. #HeManWomanHatersClub
Because here the country will go broke.
That is sad considering women make less money than men already. Right Elizabeth?
Can't be because of equal pay for equal work.
How much do men pay for viagra?
Its covered GOP Bob Dole argued medical need d/t psych hardship a man faces they could care less about psych stress of unwanted pregnancy
Wait! Pregnancy is expensive? Are children, themselves, expensive? Should be a way to warn people, like the market system of money prices.
Agreed. Now how about if Dems get their act together & find a way to stop all this secret  governing by the Grand Old-rich-white-men Party?
This from an old Rich White Women.
Yawn. Dems are far more diverse in every way. G'nite.
I watched PBS News. A 64 year old man would pay $13,300+ premiums. I'm 59, disabled in accident at work at 39. NO way can I afford it. Help!
Hypocrite, the Dems wrote Obamacare in secret. #draintheswamp
And another reason that women should refuse to have sex with men until they share costs birth control, pregnancy, and kids.
Do offer to work with republicans on a new bill
You go, Dianne! Speak up!
I'M MOVING OUT OF COUNTRY.  I'M 70 & WORKED MY ENTIRE LIFE FOR THIS COUNTRY. @GOP CRAP IS INSULTING. MY SEA BEE FATHER WOULD BE HORRIFIED.
Women should stop letting men have sex with them. We need a 'cut them off month'.
You are ridiculous! Women should be able to choose the coverage they need, like anyone else. Not ALL women need maternity coverage!
The Trumpcare thing is a joke Senator Feinstein! It is crafted so no Americans can ever afford it! Worse yet, taxpayers pay govt insurance!
I do not think  you really understand this new HCP.
Thank you for continuing to call out the inequities that the Republicans try to hide! #WonderWoman
Be real it would be an extra $1000 per month for every menustrating female whether you are 9 or 61 yrs old as in just in case...wrong wrong
Nancy says we have too pass the bill so we can know what's in it. Sounds like
@wjcoop Baloney.....more fake BS from democrats.
And mick mulvaney has no idea what he is doing except giving money to the wealthiest while snubbing the rest of the population
You are a hypocrite senator! When you support healthcare system for profit and take money from the lobbyist and don't support single payer
Then why aren't you and other Dems pushing single-payer?
Trumpcare is Not good for our country
Another reason why #SinglePayer is the answer. If you don't support it, move aside and let someone else lead.
Another fake story told by yours truely
I'm pretty sure their underlying motto is "F#%k woman and the poor"
Or, better put, in FAMILIES paying $1,000 per month for maternity coverage.

Amen! 
Don't fathers and husbands have a $$$ stake in maternity, childcare too? They should be fighting for their families with the moms!
But but Nancy Pelosi said everything was in secret: "You have to sign the bill to see what is in it". #LibDum
Relax... When they pass it you'll see what's in it... Right? @NancyPelosi
Don't have children.
Why do you oppose single payer? Does it conflict with your donors' interest?
—another reason you should support single payer.
Yes, ridiculous!
How do they think women get pregnant in the first place? They don't think they should take responsibility for their children.
THEN WHY ARE THEY? WE NEED THE STEPS TO STOP THIS. TELL US HOW! WE NEED TO MAKE THIS MADNESS STOP!NOT JUST TWEETS.
@SpeakerRyan  Classy. Real Classy. Fix this, please.
I agree.  And maybe the congress and senate should actually have to use the bill they pass like the rest of us!!!
Again, obvious @SenateGOP have complete and total disdain for women. Especially @SpeakerRyan
How about this one @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr ? Seems like a great plan for you old, white males.
No funding for birth control but wanna bet Viagra is fully funded?
What are you doing to support #MedicareForAll ?
Silly statement
It's fitting that it should come to this. Women probably shouldn't birth these men's idiotic spawn anyway.
I pay that much right now just because I'm old. What's up with that?
Somebody inform Paul Ryan YOUNG FAMILIES aren't immune 2 car crashes, sports concussions, flu, cancer! Everybody needs good insurance!
Obviously, but what are Dems doing about it? Haven't enuf crimes been committed to remove this corrupt Russian admin?
Feinstein are you in the habit of voting for bills you know nothing about?
Single payer is what the majority of country wants. Where do you stand in supporting the majority?

Lies lies lies. Notice her words. COULD. Always fear mongering. No credibility. Sold Obamacare lies.
GOP sabotaged Obamacare. Obama hero 4 doing what many POTUS have failed to do. You need to recognize that. GOP doesn't want U 2 have ins.
That's ridiculous. Stop drinking the CNN koolaid. Most get insurance thru their work. This is 7% of population. Stop the fear mongering.
And let's clarify: PBO & Dems invited GOP into the process of ACA - they refused. Dems have been BLOCKED by GOP on AHCA.
And do they think women become pregnant all by themselves??
The last bill that was written signed and passed in secret was Obamacare
I am offended by the arrogance of the "supposed" leaders in Congress.  Demolishing all civility and cooperation.
#ProLife: we dont care about the health of the child or mother.
The crazy thing is, with every argument the GOP make, they make an argument for universal HC.

The only exception, they are against UHC
These thirteen men are the reason why we should fund birth control.
