Well, there might be more money for the disabled & old folks in nursing homes if you got rid of all the illegals, did you ever think of that
We, America, collectively allowed undocumented workers to enter US to work cuz biz needed cheap labor & we r capitalists. Where were u then?
It's always "illegals are bad" but never "who is hiring and profiting from illegal labor?"
People don't  mind eating cheap produce.  Now it is rotting in the fields
Well, I guess the government hasn't implemented a plan to make those on welfare to pick the produce, humm wonder why not???
Well for one thong most produce is raised in the country. How do you want to provide housing,  transportation for them to get there?
what's wrong with the same way the illegals get there & they can stay in the same places the illegals stay too
You may want to research where the illegals live. Shacks, no water, no heat, a.c.  and usually 12 in a room.
Apparently the people writing this bill is more concerned about insurance companies putting money up for their re-election than saving life
Be educational instead of critical please. So what will happen?
How about the $ cut from schools...the programs and teachers for disabled children? If $ is cut, where is irmt coming from?
Don't think GOP gives a damn about CA, just saying.
Agreed. But we'll see if Californians give a damn about Representatives like Ken Calvert (CA-42) who voted to take their health care away.
Or Darrell Issa
So will they throw them out into the street from the nursing homes? Just let those with disabilities die? What is to be done?
This will result in single payer by 2020
That's what we need.
not really. we need medical services with actual, documented prices so people can make choices. and safety net for serious/expensive illness
An MRI of the brain is annMRI of the brain, yet you will see different prices everywhere. You need stability in medical services..
Insurance companies already have set prices. To roll this into a single payer cannot be difficult imho
In other words, you should be cleaning the attic/basement getting it ready for Grandma to move in.

shame on the Republicans.  Icwas taught tovtake care of and help those less fortunate.  Tsk, tsk!
We need to bring forth a bipartisan approach to single payer healthcare, a system that would cover all Americans health and lives.
3-5 people in Nursing homes?
Why would people who paid into Social Security all their lives need Medicaid 
Unless 
They aren't US citizens
Nursing homes cost 1000s of $ per month. SS will not cover that
What?
That nursing home stat is bullshit. These are MY patients. predominantly middle class but forced by system to go bankrupt to get medicaid.
Inhumane! Pure evil!
#Trumpcare:
A bill with a heart of Stone.
It doesn't gut Medicaid, it slows the expansion to buy time to deal with it later. Stop exaggerating and fear mongering.
Cutting the rate of growth is not the same as cutting Medicaid
Keep the money generated on the state that produce it !! State independence !! Let the red state pay for their mistake !! Fight for CA!!
Also: removes "no pre-x, no lftime cap, mental health, kids to 26" for ALL, even those with private health ins.  #Wealthcare is a disaster.
Please help us if possible my son and millions like him will suffer thank Yu for always being there ca loves you
Republicans would Love to gut CA!
It would result in a medical disaster.
That will be up to your state, to determine if (D) "throw Granny off the cliff" and the disabled. (D) need to give Medicaid to these groups.
No statement on the mistreatment of the disabled protesters outside of @SenateMajLdr 's office makes your concern seem very disingenuous.
To be clear, I'm asking you to step up and condemn the mistreatment of the disabled protesters.
Tax cut is effective retroactive to Jan 1 2017 while Medicaid cuts are in 2019/2020 after money is gone to rich GOP donors & insr companies
So we have CA as the most draining of "entitlements."
#Republicare
The Federl government shouldn't even be involved with medicaid.  That's a state issue.
@SenJohnBarrasso @SenatorEnzi  This is not a good bill for us in WY either. You made a mess.
Maybe Calif will have to go to plan B.  Free healthcare at a cost of 400B on a 180B budget.  This is the logic we face in Calif?  Their nuts
Yes I am one of those people Dianne yet I trust @realDonaldTrump @POTUS will not leave me hanging. You tho I dont!! #MAGA #BuildThatWall
I wonder how much the funeral home lobby donated to the GOP? TrumpCare will have business booming! #TrumpCareKills #GOPKills #GOPartyofDeath
When >50% of any Demographic population is on welfare it's time to 1) re-evaluate qualification process.  2) Admit govt failure 3) Change it
Thank you for fighting this bad bill!
GOP hates California too many intellectuals.
#WITHHOLDCONSENT
FILIBUSTER BY AMENDMENTS!
INTRODUCE 1000AMENDMENTS
#WITHHOLDCONSENT
#WITHHOLDCONSENT
#1000AMENDMENTS
#WITHHOLDCONSENT
@msnbc @tpm Trump LIED to NATION 'promising' he would NOT cut MEDICAID. It's an $800B LIE, maybe BIGGEST in history. MUST call a LIE a LIE.
@maddow @cnn If we do NOT call a LIE a LIE & a LIAR a LIAR then we Oh so POLITELY sit by & watch DESTRUCTION of MEDICARE & Social Security
@jaketapper @ap @thr Which are up NEXT on CHOPPING BLOCK. NOT a BROKEN PROMISE. In that case, you TRY HARD to KEEP promise. Trump NEVER did.
KEY point: IF Trump INTENDED to KEEP 'promise' would have told Ryan & GOP over & over to STOP MEDICAID cut TALK as had NO intention of CUTS
But can you show me iron clad evidence that those people will be affected, or are you just making unsupported association in voter minds?
With respect Sen. and love for your service - please cull the dysfunction out of my party - make them an effective engine for good in the US
GOP Bill does not cut it stops increasing the amount. That is not cutting' that's staying the same! Get your terms right!!
Medicaid is a state program that the state needs to fund.
They want us dead Senator!
This is why @physicianwomen is calling it the #AmericanDeathCareAct #ADCA
Don't let them cut Medicaid
Stand with @physicianwomen against the #AmericanDeathCareAct #adca #KillTheBill
If the Republicans pass this bill then they will be guilty of human slaughter.
Not quite, it just halts its expansion over the next 5 years
And yet in California the Dems kill single payer.
Does not. Your silly. You don't know do you. Haven't read the bill have you. Shame on you. Read the bill.
Your hate speech is feeding into liberal violence please stop it!
I am a #PreexistingCondition
Is this his what they want for us?  Then let THEM have it, now!  They need to go, now!!!!
Maybe Obama should come out in favor of the bill. That might be enough to get the GOP to scrap it.
It doesn't stop California from paying for its own give-aways.
You dig the hole, fill it on up, now.
And we should cover them. We should not cover able people who should buy a plan.
How is Ca doing financially? Do you have obamacare?
My brother lives in a group home covered by Medicaid in Wisc. What will happened to him if they cut funds? He'll go back to institution.
I don't believe you.  Able body people should not be on Medicaid.
Please! Obama care is done ,finished, people have no care ,it's over please wake up or retire! How do you keep office? Really!

from what I've read, those Medicaid recipients have about 2 more years of nursing home residence left.
George Clooney & rest of the LaLa
Land #Hollyweird's will p/u the diff
#Feinstein! Most of 'em r #Illegals,
#Refugees & #Rugheads anyway!
I think it's a horrible bill!! The sad part is the way they're talking will convince some people they are not going to lose anything.
The Holocaust bill will kill millions of americans.
I agree with you but I think your numbers are off. I would think it's more than 3/4th disabled, more like four out of five in nursing homes
Senator, would it be fair to say that 50% out of the 1 in 2 have been misdiagnosed? Any Senate study on it? #PharmMoney
I know my sister has been there for recovery knee surgeries, appendectomy.
A significant portion of US population will live as if in a third world country without Medicaid. Please stop this disaster!
If the bill passes @NancyPelosi want to be to treat her mental disability.

Fake news !!!
#AHCAKills
I would rather pay more taxes and have our government provide single payer health care than keep paying high premiums to greedy CEO'S.
Healthcare that doesn't cover diseases or treatment. If you won't reasearch at least compare benefits of senators and yourself. Lolo
Other advanced countries provides healthcare 4 citizens. Birth to death. Need profit driven health INSURANCE out of USA. #SinglePayer
America is a thrdi world country
Yeah....not so much.
don't the proposed cuts not go into effect until... 2025?

why are so many people living in CA with disabilities/in-nursing homes poor?
Thank you senator
The Bill gives control of Medicaid back to California.  If California doesn't want to manage it wisely they can put up more money. Not Mine
Repeal Obama Care!
This so the wealthy can hoard more wealth. Repulsive people
While you're at it, ENDORSE Medicare for All and stop beating around the bush! Also stand for SB562 Single Payer CA. From Berkeley CA
So, what to do if passes? Line them up on sidewalks?
@SenToomey @KellyannePolls STOP LYING ABOUT GOP TAX BREAK BILL-- NOT a HEALTHCARE BILL-- You are DISCRACEFUL!! I'm in PA Pat-- watch out!!
Come on. Fight it. please pass SB562
Medicare for all is the only equitable solution. Not pay to play.
Call out by name your colleagues such as @SenCoryGardner who want to do this.
And now because it was not mean enough
NEWS from me & @dylanlscott: Senate GOP expected to add penalties for the uninsured into bill as early as Monday. 
https://www.vox.com/2017/6/24/15867614/senate-health-waiting-period …
Well let the reps screw their own ppl maybe they might wake up sadly the innocent will suffer
Do so@ething!
Then get off your ass and have democrats work with republicans to make it a better bill.
So support single payer or tell everyone who can't afford obamacare that they deserve to be sick.
What are you DOing to rejectIt?
The elderly, disabled, the poor, and the sick are on their own in this thoughtless GOP Bill. Only the rich benefit. Please call it Trumpcare
So why haven't Sen. Dems led organized mass protests this weekend when media could provide 24 HR. coverage.  Public needs visuals to act.
@SenToomey @RepAdamSchiff The public also has 'right to know' THIS truth - does AHCA gut or make permanent the M expansion?
Liar, Liar, Liar. Feinstein is a deceptive women and should be removed from representing anyone
Keep the fight alive.
That's why you Dems need to get your shit together.
Deplorable!
Your War On Salmon is #genocide
Is anyone else's mind boggled by how many Americans are relying on Medicare/Medicaid?
For some, it is the only option given. As a professional & state employee, I have no other options & retirement may not happen - ever.
I am just amazed at how far out society has fallen. The safety net is now catching necessary for a huge percentage of our people.
What is to be considered if undesirables are first your next.
Lies.
@GOP will say no immediate cuts, but completely gutted over time, after the next election.  DEMAND SUPPORT, FIX AND FUND ACA
Thank you @SenFeinstein and @SenKamalaHarris for protecting my healthcare. I don't have limbs. If my Medicare is slashed I WILL NOT survive!
The Democrat designed and approved healthcare law has failed.  The Republican proposal at least prevents total extinction of benefits.
Bill Gates, Warren Buffet, Mark Zuckerberg, Larry Ellison & the other 1%er's need to reject this tax break. Save lives! Give the $$$ back!
@SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP #DontKillYourVoters #NoTrumpCare
In this heyday of radical philosophers, I'm glad @SenFeinstein is standing up for common sense and civil rights. #civics #california
Misleading
I heard once that meals on wheels was gutted...
#fearmongering #fakenews #propaganda #rhetoric.  Everyday.
I was already mad
Incorrect. Have you read the bill?
My 4yo nephew with congenital muscular dystrophy is alive because of MediCal. Fight the good fight! #ipaytaxes #ivote #imacitizen
@Maggyw519 The biggest mass slaughter of Americans since  Wounded Knee!
All of those people will suffer failing Obamacare  if it does not change.
Thanks for taking a strong position against Trump care!
Please vote against this "mean" bill, and convince as many others as you can to do the same.--A concerned Californian
I dought that
How many are illegal?
Dear CA use your state budget to pay for it since you're so desirious of leaving the union to be your own country bye bye arrivederchi adios
get walmart to pay for health insurance for their workers, so they don't flood medicaid. Get the 1% to pay for it. stop bleeding middle clas
Where are these people to go?  The wealthcare bill will put thousands of healthcare workers out of jobs too
Have I missed it or has anybody from the GOP actually stood up and explained to the American people why they think this bill is good for us?
Price tried to explain it this morning.  Problem is, he dodged the question as to whether he would get a huge tax cut.  Playing dodgeball
We have $20 trillion in debt. Time to take it seriously. Let the states figure it out.
We've gotta go our own way here in CA @GovPressOffice @JerryBrownGov @KamalaHarris #healthcare
I've had family members use Medicaid at end of life in conv. hospitals. This can NOT be cut!  What will ppl do?
Are they illegal aliens?
Good point that is who she is talking about
Everyone needs to spread this around. Only 38% of Americans know about Medicaid cuts.
Yup! I'm looking around saying "What are you gonna do about your mother" & I get a blank stare...They have no idea...they can't grasp it
It just blows my mind that they don't get it
1 in 2 people with Disabilities WHAT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Half the population of California is Disabled are you kidding
No Fraud here move on
1 in 2 people with disabilities will lose their coverage. Learn how to read troll. Take your propaganda elsewhere.
Good  Sunday; Sen.Dianne Feinstein, at the end of @CBS Face The Nation
Bullshit! quit obstruction  and put ur efforts into fixing it instead of complaining constantly get to work!  Fix CA vote them out!
How about MediCal-Isn't the state supposed to help the needy also- Why just the feds? Have you & hubby drained Ca that badly/contracts?
YOUR PLAN DIDN'T WORK AND DOUBLED OUR DEPT. How about we take care of the US citizens instead of bringing more in folks to tax our system.
Keep fighting - we are!
Thank you.
GUTS meaning showing down expansion?
No true but then what's new coming out of your mouth
Good healthcare jobs lost, 99% spend every $ on healthcare vs. homes, cars & IPhones. America 1st = 1st to collapse = winning??
How's that high speed rail line to nowhere your husband Richard Blum is building? With Frankenstein's influence he stole the contact!
#TrumpCare = #DeathPanels
Time for #MedicareForAll Senator!  @KamalaHarris @BeraForCongress

Don't know how to spell or say something intelligent?
Disabilities like drug abuse? About covering people who been on welfare, WIC, and other gub'mint handouts and now expect us tomb them? Nope!
these are crocodile tears of Corporate Democrats who would not support single payer .
The attack on Medicaid is shameful and affects the young and the old.  If we can fund the wall, we can fund Medicaid.
 But KellyAnne McLiarFace and Melissa Spicer told us it doesn't ? I think I will believe Sen. Feinstein. #MAGA #TrumpCare

Then scream it from the rooftops!!
What happens to those people when they don't have enough $ to cover nursing homes?  Do they get evicted?
Diane everytime you lie about something whether you understand it or not only helps conservatives
If anybody is going to gut it it's going to be the states.
The federal government will still be paying more than half
Why did you help perpetuate an unsustainable dependency on government?
Sounds like you've let Your constituents down.
I'm petrified. For myself and many others.
This bill CAN NOT pass
I heard these people are Being asked by repubs to go to church and beg for help.
Doesn't gut it, it only says that eventually States will share the expense
Cuts it back to nearly nothing in 2023, notice it's after the next presidential election!?! States hard hit are mostly Democratic states!
Fight for it. I don't want our social security cut. GA and SNAP is different, that should be transitional.
