My bill would expand financial help to make insurance affordable for middle-class families.
Our bill would help lower health care premiums for Californians.
The Republican plan to destroy healthcare and create a tax windfall in its place is cruel and delusional. We must stop this.
please stop  we that work can't pay for them that will not work for their keep and kids
Let's agree to call the ACHA what it really is: The American WEALTHcare Act of 2017...
Repeal
Yes, please. #trumpcare sux and must be stopped
Really??  How about working WITH the Republicans FOR the people?  Why obstruct?
People the reason the Dems want to keep ACA. 1.Is for the control it takes over whole medical systems.2.All the wealth it takes and controls
How come you didn't try to "improve" it over the last 8 years??
So you don't want to improve health care. Got it!
#VoteGOPOut #Trumpcare #Resist
You can't do a damned thing about it, Senator. Eric 93035.
You do not support single payer, #MedicareForAll. You are worth $40 million and yet you won't stand for working ppl to have health care.
We must keep Government out of Healthcare insurance altogether.
@FBI please open felony public corruption / anti-trust investigation into @SenFeinstein who has presided over this, have her put in prison.
I mean you could just not take money from the health insurance lobbyists and embrace single-payer that'd be easier
@SenFeinstein, what do we do when constitutes of @SenTomCotton who refuses to acknowledge emails & calls! I've emailed & called since April!
No, response!Called again today,his staff is rude! He doesn't have time to meet or email,too busy doing secret meeting?Even 45 said it's bad
Thank you, Senator.
out @ezralevin about using the. Vote-a-Rama amendments to slow this down until 2018 midterms. Stop the charade and use your tools
Ideas?
Time for Medicare for all.
We need #SinglePayer !
Obamacare is imperfect but critically important program. Preserve and improve.
Why "expand financial help"?  Allow more free market solutions and competition so prices fall?
If you do you will lose the next election
You affordable care act needs to be repealed totally waste of taxpayer dollars
The "lets redistribute everyone's money" to those who shouldn't get it.
I am planning on getting out of this  state due to the dimms environment. Taking my resources with me at least ensures I don't contribute
The non affordable care act is unrepairable. It needs to go.  You must get your head out of the sand
Would someone please go beat down that damn door with 13 old white men hiding behind it?
You are awesome.
Please withhold unanimous consent until @GOP restores regular order & permits hearings on the healthcare bill. @KamalaHarris @SenSchumer
You must realize how destructive the ACA is on America. I urge you to get with @SenSchumer to work with GOP & get healthcare accomplished.
You're very ill-advised.  Chuck Schumer is up for improving ACA. He's not able to do anything if he isn't in the room...
I called R Senate offices today to stop their yes votes!
Your constituents want Single Payer. Please represent us and not the insurance companies.  We want Health Care, not insurance.
Are you getting a lot of calls from constituents? And what is this "closed door" session the Reps are in?
@neeseybug636 i say let them pass it because then we can all see how bad it is n get rid of it
Once it's law we can't just get rid of it.  We have to stop it now!
Yeh!!
I strongly agree with YOU !!!
Government does not belong in any type of business especially medical leave it alone
Why, do you know why?
Very easy to do: #MedicareForAll.The majority of Americans strongly support single payer healthcare similar to all other civilized countries
Yes, keep battling!
it already has a lot of defeatism, ya know?
you're 83 and fading
ABSOLUTELY NOT !!!! ITS NOT AFFORDABLE !!!
Improve it then "mam"
How about repealing stupidity in the houses first? you and Pelosi are at the top of the list with a combined IQ of 1.
Does your bill fix the reimbursement issues created by the GOP? That's one of the big issues driving ins companies out.
Do you know it is FAILING?  Big LEAGUE!
Exactly! Let's not get distracted from this. Obamacare repeal is a bad idea without a better plan, the House plan isn't better.
Take assistance fromCA tobarely makeit $ as Atypical ALS doesn't haveasupportset like ALS so Isitdowhat Ican 2finishPhDcureconcussionsdream
Please explain why you're exempt if it's so great.
why? why do the Republicans have to clean up your mess?
Repectfully, policy debate need to STOP until the criminal investigation of the #TrumpRussia matter is resolved.  Country over politics!
As a public servant now SSDI feel betrayed but glad in CA please keep fighting 4 us 50yrs old on 1400 a month 300 out of that goes2partB
Would be nice of you didn't tank single payer to get money from insurance industry.
The Affordable Care Act is a planned disaster. Throw it on a garbage pile
It's my understanding the Senate intends to push through a vote w/out reading bill, or discussion.
That is true.
How about you spend some time talking to your 'friends' on the other side of the aisle to persuade them to vote no?
The Senate Republicans are trying to sneak through repealing of the #ACA. We must continue to call our elected official's and protest.
I agree
The only thing you care about Feinstein as political power and money and when it's all over you'll see nothing
#SinglePayerNow anything less is unacceptable
Jeez you're a terrible communicator. It sounds like you want to defeat GOP plan to improve law. Your record supporting the GOP defines you.
You are outnumbered!
you could have used an oxford comma there
Single payer or expanded Medicare as being introduced by Bernie Sanders.  Time USA rises to the standard of other developed countries.
Is we us, and how can we help?
Just don't forget the improve part. It needs a lot of improvement
I support you Diane! I have a pre existing genetic disease called Alpha 1. I need costly infusions every week to live.
Demand Jail Revoke business License Ban from positions of power influence if caught manipulating info&Or lying&Misleadng the Nations FIXED
Ok. And you can put your personal assets into the budget to pay for it. Middle class is tired of the load
Whine, no help.  Full Dem plan!
Too late to improve ACA. It's failed. Too many insurance companies have pulled out. Dems blew it.
ACA is dead
Dianne. Bad idea.  Most of my friends have ObamaCare and can't afford the premiums or the deductibles.  These are Californians.
Improve!!  Great word.
Let's see you work together.  That's what we pay you for.
Obamacare is a colossal failure, ma'am.
Another big one just dropped, no?
Why not try working with the party in power? Yes?
Stay positive!
Why not work together as American senators and American congressman to come together with a good plan for all Americans?
You should have done that before you passed such a travesty
You had 8 years to improve it and you did nothing!
Time to go "low". Going high hasn't been working.
We should have a Senator who isn't bought off by the insurance companies and supports a single payer system...
Not gonna happen before the ACA fails. Just pass the GOP plan
You won't get theee with this plan
No
Insurers should not be allowed to participate in Medicare and Medicaid (profitable markets for them) if they are not in same states ACA.
Aetna profits up and still they are pulling out of ACA markets. Insurance Companies are licensed, right? Don't we have the upper hand then?
Universal health care for every American!
Translation - send taxpayers into armegeddon
Does that mean adopting the original House version which included a robust Public Option? Or are we talking about a path to #SinglePayer ?
#Really need to get on that whole "improve" strategy Senator. #NH is projected 30% increase '18. Trump and his goons are killing #ObamaCare
Why not work with them to make GREAT healthcare coverage for ALL AMERICANS? Please reply
Gov't needs to stay the HELL out of healthcare altogether, with the exception of Medicare and the VA.
yes.  Thank You.
You've had plenty of time to improve it but you and the ACA are failures
Death spiral
DOES NOT MAKE SENSE.  DOES NOT THINK OF THE PEOPLE.
It is very sad and disappointing that CA Reps refuse and downright reject ANYTHING President Trump dows instead of working with him.
Do we see him trying to work with the Dems?  No need to "repeal and replace", just FIX IT.
Well since you are apart of the team of 8 & you have seen enough evidence to get rid of Trump - why haven't you?
How about be a patriot and work with the Republicans for the good of the American people?
Well, why don't the Repubs act like patriots and work with Dems to fix what we've got?
It's true. Everyone wants to point the finger at anyone but themselves. It's why I'm not a Republican or Democrat.
u r saying u want 2 defeat Repub plan to improve health care law? sheesh
Um...I thought ACA was working and saving countless lives.  Why do you feel we need to improve it?
Senator, please let them know that the people are not stupid enough to buy that story of "it's dying" after they strangle it.
It was a dead duck from its inception!  Gruber knew it and the Dems knew it!
SENATOR FEINSTEIN WORK WITH THE REPUBLICANS ;YOU NEED EACH OTHER!
We have a corrupt president who MUST be ousted from that high office or it will be forever tarnished beyond repair!
I've called your office repeatedly to address my property rights that have been stolen breaking many state & federal laws to fund #ACA
Agree. Everybody deserves access to health care. We should all have the same plan. #SinglePayer Please.
Here is an idea how to improve it Senator. You are not coming out of this cleanly before meeting your donors without approving #SinglePayer.
Please tell us how you feel regarding California SB 562.
You're a supporter of human trafficking
Where's @stabenow @SenStabenow ?
The Republican plan a.k.a. #TrumpCare is still alive. What does it do?
You passed a very deceitful massive law on purpose, you did not even read the bills (3 @ 3300+pages) It should be repealed-FedUp with liars.
we need term limits for ALL  politicians.

Trump's FBI pick Christopher Wray comes from King & Spalding who represent Rosneft.
Also from same firm: Trump's ethics lawyer & Dan Coats 
too late as you and the Dems already screwed the working class.

Trump's FBI pick Christopher Wray comes from King & Spalding who represent Rosneft.
Also from same firm: Trump's ethics lawyer & Dan Coats 
Facts are toxic for true believers.
The propaganda machine is always on.
It has wings. http://bit.ly/2qYySH4 
No lets wipe obamacare out of the history books and start over. Lets get it right this time. No obstruction, why dont u help build the plan?
Yeah because Canada is perfect. Lol. 
Are there 3 republicans with a conscience over there?
