This matter calls for a special prosecutor, which is appointed by the A.G. #Sessions must also recuse himself from that process.
Everyone connected with the Trump campaign and administration must fully cooperate with the Senate Judiciary and Intelligence Committees.
All nine @JudiciaryDems called for Sessions to recuse himself two weeks ago. Sessions's recusal is long overdue. http://bit.ly/2lX3eV0 
and THEN we found out he lied to @AlFrankenSenate. #Sessions didn't tell us. So he must go, without delay.
Actually, @SenFeinstein, #Sessions should resign anyway. Flynn did, and his lie was the lesser.
Please demand his resignation.  Thank you for your efforts in this matter.
try again. He should resign. Period.
You should resign we think you might be a Russian Spy #Sessions #DemocratDesperation #FridayFeeling
as she joins Islam..
he needs to resign
Get control. When will start doing your duty?.
His trip to the the ambassador was paid with campaign funds. He must resign.

The American people need Congress to do its job and uncover the truth on Trump's Russian ties. What should they ask? http://nyti.ms/2nOqaWU 
he should resign regardless
this is not good enough he needs to resign period.
he should resign either way. He perjured himself in front of the senate and that ought to result in an immediate resignation
why are you not asking for #Sessions to resign??? You must call for his resignation!!!
.@SenFeinstein I think Sessios' obvious lying, including his changing story of what he remembers, argue for resignation.
Patriots don't believe your conspiracy theories. Try to find something important to do, if you can.
Sessions must resign. Recusal is not enough. He perjured himself and can't be trusted to uphold our laws. #ResignNotRecuse
He should resign because he lied!
Recusal is not enough... You must call for his resignation!!  I am a constituent 94005
he should resign no matter what,, he lied to congress and to the american people
Or maybe we just don't have an AG who has a conflict of interest between US and Russian agendas?
he should resign. Recusal is not enough. Stand up for Californians and Americans!!
Sessions needs to resign immediately. Your constituents are counting on you to fight for his removal. He cannot uphold the law
.@SenFeinstein If he lied during his confirmation hearings, he should resign!
I'm one of your constituents, @SenFeinstein.  Recusal is not enough. Sessions must resign.
he should just resign. Don't give him the out.
NO. Fire him.
no ifs, please talk with @KamalaHarris and @NancyPelosi.
He needs to resign period Stand strong on this Senator
He should resign anyway. The country's top lawyer lied under oath.
He needs to resign. Period. If any of us lied under oath we'd face up to 5 years in prison - he has lost all authority as AG
He lied under oath or misled Congress; he should resign. Why equivocate on this?
NO. He needs to be fired and prosecuted. I honestly don't understand why you are so weak. Fight for us.
he should resign regardless!
.Yes! BTW where are you DEM.pushing 4 the tax returns?Where r U on investigations? U think U deserve our votes? We want action
And if he doesn't resign, he must be removed. Lying under oath CANNOT be allowed to go unpunished.
Are you under the mistaken impression that he didn't perjure himself before your committee?
Your constituents are calling upon you to demand his resignation. Recusing himself is not enough. This is unacceptable.
Why aren't you calling for his resignation? He lied under oath, it's proven. You are well behind the curve. #FireSessions
This is all about partial truths and comments taken out of context. Focus on our States needs like the economy, safety and education system?
um NO. RESIGN, not recuse. Don't go easy here.
Do you agree that his apparent perjury should be investigated and adjudicated? (93110)
YES. Well said and let's hope it becomes a reality
Forget recusal - he needs to resign, PERIOD!
No, he should just resign.Why shd Flynn get canned but Sessions remain? Isn't the AG position supposed to be beyond reproach?
I've should resign anyway. Pergury is not a good trait in an AG.
#Sessions should resign for committing perjury. Flynn did.
@@SenFeinstein @JudiciaryDems The call should be nothing less than Session's resignation.
@yashi_shiroma  He must resign. Recusing himself isn't enough.
He should resign, regardless, as he should never have been approved. Put the pressure on, and continue to do so. Thank you.
totally unnecessary caveat. He should just resign. We now have a crook for an AG
tried to call your office but couldn't get thru.  Session's resignation. Nothing more. Nothing less
Recusing himself is insufficient.  The A.G. should know the difference between lying under oath and not.
As your constituent, I ask that you call for his resignation regardless. Will call your office today. Thank you.
for lies or violating the espionage act; oh wait that was @HillaryClinton
We need his resignation he lied under oath
I'd prefer that YOU resign. You Dems are a bunch of clowns.
I am yr constituent in SF. My dad worked @ City Hall when u were mayor. JEFF SESSIONS MUST RESIGN. U MUST STEP UP & DEMAND IT.
Jeff Sessions committed perjury to take office! "Recuse himself" doesn't go far enough. Please call for Jeff Session to Resign
balonga
Justice Kagen didn't recuse herself from ACA hearings even tho she wrote memos for the bill. Hypocrisy!
Thank you for taking this important stand. It is not over dramatic to say it goes to the heart of our democracy. CALstituent
Thank you.
Recusal is not enough. As your constituent, I ask your to demand his resignation. He lied, broke the law & trust of Americans
just "resign".  It's cleaner.
I agree.  You should follow suit. #TermLimits
he should resign, not simply recuse himself. Sessions is unfit.
don't wimp out, please! This constituent wants you to push for #RESIGNATION
Standing up to the #GOP in public while you acquiesce to them in the back rooms. We don't believe or trust you.
He lied under oath. He should resign immediately.
.@SenFeinstein You should demand his resignation whether he recuses himself or not.
He needs to do both and we need you to make that happen.
A recusal merely puts his chief subordinate in charge of investigation.He must resign (or be fired). Pls. be stronger on this!
Also I called 3#s for you to convey this; all VM systems were full. This demonstrates how strongly your constituents see this!
so you are ok w #Sessions lying under oath to be our Atty Gen? When will you stand up for us against Russia. He must resign
#Sessions should resign. Period. Full stop. Recusal is for sissies.
not recuse or resign. He must resign and you must call for his resignation. How can he protect those he lies to?
No Recusing-ONLY resignation acceptable. He LIED, 4 God's Sake! And then, lets investigate the hell out of him
He should resign, period. He lied, under oath, to Congress. Take action, Senator. This is NOT the time for compromise.
Recusal is not enough, he must resign. And @SenFeinstein you must push for a resignation. #SessionsPerjury #LiedUnderOath
He should be indicted
then why haven't you resigned yes you have skeletons in you closet
.@SenFeinstein no #Sessions should resign no matter what, bc he lied to the Senate on a substantive matter. Why aren't you going farther?
he should resign in any event. If he lied about this what else did he lie about - denying he is a racist?
both
@JudiciaryDems Yes Senator!  We are counting on you to follow through with this!
@IndivisibleSaus you tweet a good game Sen Feinstein but you still vote for the corrupt cabinet
are you really my Senator? Sigh
Why don't you resign you are another California follower. You do.nothing on your own. Thanks Warren with you.
- he should be removed from office for lying under oath.
@HillaryClinton did the same thing about a video - she wasn't removed from office. #hypocrite
he should resign immediately
@ClaraJeffery he should do both.
Recuse is not enough anymore! He must resign.
#Sessions must resign. #LockHimUp
he lied under oath. He should resign.
Unless I misread the headlines...he said he would recuse himself.  Our local news reported this a couple of hours ago.
Dianne, now is not the time to "compromise" on any issue in hopes you get crumbs from the "big table."
He should resign either way!
Recuse? No. Resign or Be Fired? Yes.Immediately.
he should resign regardless. Step up. Stand up.
No, no, no, you republican in democratic clothing. Resignation is the only option. And investigate & prosecute.
He must resign, period.
I think perjury pushes this past recusal. He does not have the personal integrity to let us believe institutional integrity.
@ClaraJeffery Recuse himself Senator? He can't be allowed to continue in the chair. Resignation or prosecution. 

#CAvoter
Even if he DOESN'T recuse himself, he must resign! If a democrat had done this, he would be screaming for their blood!
I'll give it to you Dems; you & the MSM all know how to coordinate and destroy reputations. We should all be afraid.
Neither the Dems nor MSM "coordinated" Sessions meetings with Russian Amb, nor his lying about it under oath.
I agree. Thank you!!
When they have absolutely nothing left of any substance, Demo's make it up.
You can't make this stuff up. They are in it up to their necks..
Dont be so naive. Liberals are feeding a load of crap. Watch the testimony. It's cut and dry.
The full truth will come out. Thanks.
Disappointed that you are not representing CA by calling for his resignation. Recusal is not enough.
When is the investigation into Trumps Russian ties going to begin ? No other business should be discussed until that happens
he should resign period.
He should resign no matter what, then be prosecuted. He committed perjury.
like Bill Clinton?
He just needs to resign, period, not just recuse. Pressing charges would be nice. #FireSessions #Trumprussia #putinspuppet
.@SenFeinstein @jenshaigec NO! He should be fired & prosecuted for perjury. The chief law enforcement officer of the US lied under oath

And if McCaskill were under oath, and had months to review her records and revise testimony, would be similar

AND TAKE JERKEY BROWN WITH YOU1
You and Poluci can hold hands as you RETIRE! U both have ALZHEIMER'S. U TO ARE THE REASON CALIFORNIA TITS ARE IN A WRINGER.
@ClaraJeffery One step plan: RESIGN
@joyindc He did nothing wrong.
What's not wrong about perjury?
the question related the the DJT campaign, not his work with the Senate.
None of the other senators on his committee reported meeting with any Russians.
he should resign nevertheless! In fact he should be charged with perjury! He lied under oath #perjury
#ResignNotRecuse
sessions must resign! B perjury is punishable with jail!!
Dont over play your hand! Pressure Republicans to do their job and the right thing. Make them take downs Sessions.
Lord call for his resignation! No conditions!
He lied under oath at least twice. #Impeachment proceedings started against Clinton for this. We're past #recusal, #resign.
Thank you, Senator!
He should resign anyway. Flynn lied and resigned. Why is Sessions any different?
Let;s hope he does and soon.#senfeinstein
he must resign #outlikeflynn
He should recuse himself, THEN resign!
he must resign regardless
What is wrong with you people? America's top cop LIED under oath!  Recusing is NOT an option! But hey - let's talk about email
Sessions lied under oath. Americans cannot trust him to do his job. He must resign & be charged w perjury.
NO.  Please NO. He MUST resign! He LIED under oath!  He needs to go!  Quit protecting these folks!
why don't you resign
You think if he won't recuse himself, he'll resign? Where does that logic come from?
. @SenFeinstein so you're okay with a perjuror staying as chief law enforcement officer? Duly noted.
Ha! You are so feckless. How in the world do you keep getting elected? That needs to be investigated.
Really over fake news by your friends in the media where were the calls for HRC&Obama when they sold URanium to Russia
it's not a suggestion.  Demand that he resign.  #SessionsMustResign #TrumpRussia
He must resign regardless. And we need an independent prosecutor to investigate Russia's influence on the White House.
@Pat120 He should Recuse & Resign.
he needs to resign. Period
He needs to resign and there need to be an independent-counsel investigation into the trum/Russia connection
Sessions should resign if he perjured himself. You need to issue a stronger statement on this issue soon.
No, he should resign, period. He committed perjury. As AG, that is the worst offense. He must go.
He needs to resign and perjury charges need to be filed. They knowingly misled Congress and the public.
don't allow this to distract you from the GOP healthcare proposal!
yawn, small people focus on small things
recusal is not sufficient. He perjured himself and opened himself to accusations of treason. He must resign.
I tried to tell you this on the phone but your voicemail, characteristically, is full.
That's what he's saying now, not what he said under oath. He's a liar and must go.
Sessions should be indicted for perjury. Any reason why not?
resign lol. He was doing his job. Get over yourself. Stop the witch hunt...pathetic
Your The CROOK! #MAGA
he should resign anyway and prepare to testify.
Maybe he should resign regardless. This feels like it's snowballing on him into very serious territory.
