What will y'all do when you have no people or businesses to tax? They're leaving your state. Get a clue!
Stop looking for "clues" and check out some empirical data. CA had 5+% pop growth rate for Apr 2010--Jun 2016
I am extremely grateful to be a Californian in this horrendous Trump era. God help us all. #TheResistance #impeachTrump #ClimateAction
@POTUS is totally your president sugar. And he's working for you whether you understand it or not. #MAGA 

Too bad CA is a toilet.
Mmm K.
Macron is right "Let's make the Planet great again!" Predident Trump is wrong. He's a disaster! #WhiteHouse #POTUSTrump #ActOnClimate
Then California will loose economically and will put more Californians out of work
We have the 6th largest economy and have been employing many Californians in clean energy. Sorry you didn't know
Your right Lu Jones.  California have a problem internal to their state but it's a different kind of polution.....
Fight against population explosion.
Go right ahead, CA. Does CA want to pay the billions of apology dollars to China and India?
Diane Maxine Barbara and Kamala need to focus on making California great again. Jobs for all. They could care less about overcrowded prisons
If California is leading how come no one is following? #ParisAgreement
Liar.
So glad I'm in California. So sad the current @potus is out of touch with reality, the majority of Americans & most of the world #resist
Along w NY,WA,MA,OR,CT,RI,VT,HI...
Not with my tax dollars, no!
Let's work. It's all on us now. It's what we do. It's how we go. It's energy. Let's change energy from fossil fuels to renewables.
Cali has always been decades ahead of the rest.
Macron is opening up his country for scientists, entrepreneurs and businesses that wish to build clean energies, if they leave then what?
You mean the fight against the citizens of your state! You and your party are turning CA into third world status. Poor/MidClass pay it all!
California has 7 out of 10 top polluted cities and 10 out of the top 20 in the nation.
Plenty of money to be made hah!?...as if you care all of a sudden.
Thank you Senator!
Volcanic eruptions cause more gases than industries.
Let's see them plug a volcano.
NY is with you
please stop  posturing for Democrats votes and fake news please stop
Thank you Senator.  Please keep fighting for us. 
I think we should start paying our Federal Taxes to our own State of CA.
With what money?  You can't even manage your own state!  What a joke.
Current president = Little, little mind with no visionary skills whatsoever.  #ImpeachDonaldTrumpNow WH is under siege.
Bravo!
You mean your fight yo grab as much money from the ppl of this nation! How is that money u got from the high speed train ??
Dems need to fight this lunatic harder.  He's got to be stopped.
We are broke yet you want us to continue to underwrite the world. Irresponsible, lying, hypocrite. How people vote for you is a mystery
Gross hypocrisy. Small Peruvian wetland is more important than fixing your dams, etc. except you wait for rest of America to bail you out
CA broke, won't fix your own infra, see dams. 45% higher energy cost. Import 35% of energy. US will have 2 pay for CA irresponsibility
There is NO verifiable, observational scientific evidence of "man caused" climate change.  The changes we see are earth's natural process.
When will folks wake up & realize that man has little to no impact on climate. It naturally cycles. Yes it changes but not due to mankind.
Can any of the other 189 countries say the same? The answer is NO~ Thank you Mr. President for pulling us out~
~How? California is so broke they cannot afford to even pay attention #bankrupt~  We have reduced our emission output by 18%
It sure would be nice to see the @SenateDems try their hand at leading
The US is already a clean energy, oil & gas leader, so we can keep doing what we're doing...reducing our emissions.
Withdrawing from the Paris accord does not stop us as a nation from doing our part on climate change. It is not a good deal for the USA
Oh really?  Then how about you and @JerryBrownGov #BanFracking You can't support fracking and say you are #ActOnClimateChange
As a native Californian, we must lead the way to a healthy environmental future. A healthy environment is a long term pro business endeavor.
The civil war was fought on the outset not to abolish slavery, but to keep the union together!
Thank you California and Senator Feinstein! You give me hope. Love, Sydney 
Proud to be a 4th generation Native Californian! SCREW TRUMP & his cronies #RESIST #ClimateAction #California #VoteThemOUT #GOPsucks
Thank you CA. MA is with you. Power to the people where real change happens.
#TRUMP = disgrace. Apparently doesn't get that America is part of the earth. We will not tolerate his short- sighted greed.
Go for it!! Hopefully that would keep @MaxineWaters occupied and quiet!!!
You're a federal Senator you have no say in the our State's matters outside D.C. I was educated before Dems and GOP sold out education for $
It's such a pity that @POTUS & the @GOP fail to connect the dots on a conservative, free market, approach 2 climate change. See @republicEn
Would you go as far as secession?
California secession please
CA for the win #tw #atn
That's great for Blue states, but what about Red states run by arses who don't give a damn! Dianne, step up Trump's Impeachment proceedings!
Thank you
I think some of us needs to move to cali, I better pay my taxes where people care about the planet
What change will @SenFeinstein personally take? Cut out plane trips? Use public transportation? Put your $$$ where your mouth is.
@denatchka
YES
Thank you!! California here I come!
Yes we will. Proud to be a Californian!
Yes, Cali takes lead. How abt Congress step it up & get this "Not fit for duty"evil man impeached & convicted b4 more damage is done.
We're counting on you Sen Feinstein.  And we in CA appreciate you!
Go, do it!!
Can we secede and join France?
Bravo!!!! California let's be the ones to change History in US and fight for our country
That's leadership 
Yes! Absolutely the right thing to do for our planet. Making me so grateful to be here in CA during this nightmare admin
You make a deal

 LOL
Thank you.
Just don't hurt us in the process.
Can congress keep us in?
Ultimately consumers will have the last say, the damage is to the country's world leadership.
Simply disgusted in his ignorance and lack of leadership.
This is not about climate change- this is about he US making a bad deal in the signing of the #ParisAccord  @POTUS is correct.
@OccupyDemocrat1 Go California. And gov jerry brown
Yassssssssssssss! Love my state and my Governor!!!
Count me in...Thank you Dianne ...the maven who is always on the front line! California is grateful for your leadership, never ever Stop...
California has always stepped up! When we lost thousands of elect mfg jobs we reinvented ourselves! Solar, Software, Remewable energy!!!!
We too lost thousands of jobs in 2000-2003 to Asia!! But Californians are resilient!!!!!
good for us and the planet keep the air clear
Thank you! Let CA lead the way on #ClimateAction and #SinglePayer
A hoax a way to redistribute money. A Socialists program and more control over people The creator of the Universe GOD controls the climate
We will succeed from the Trump
R u finally leading?
If @POTUS wants to lead in the rear, Germany and China will move in front and Californians should not be intimidated to take its place.
Thank you California 
so far Pittsburgh and California... TY
YES!!!
Thank you.
Go California-  help keep America great
thank you for that.
Please ignore @realDonaldTrump scandals and distractions and focus on articulating #Democrats vision for America.  Let's win in 2018.
Ur not going to win. Mom nature is bigger than any government
Go California!  You're the 6th largest economy in the world.  Lead by example.
Then Senator take the lead and get Europe back to the negotiation table and get House support FIRST.
California should send no tech leaders to WH ever and should move towards single payer healthcare as slap in face 2 despicable GOP monsters
More BS Covfefe from the lunatic left
We could do a lot about global warming if you'd keep your mouth shut and stop spewing hot air.
@SenWarren @EdMarkey @RepJoeKennedy You are my reps. Let MA lead New England response and join w/NYS on initiatives clean energy & climate
ever thought about maybe moving to Europe and staying there.
#california will continue to lead the #Resistance. #ParisAgreement #ActOnClimate @AGBecerra @SenKamalaHarris @RepBera

President @EmmanuelMacron: There is no plan B on Climate. Because there is no planet B. #ClimateChangeIsReal #ParisAgreement https://twitter.com/EmmanuelMacron/status/870399161882992640 …
You can control climate change just about as much you try to control the wind in Lompoc. Waste of time, money and effort. Move on!
Hey, why don't you start with plastic?  Ban plastic from CA.  We also need a 2 child maximum!
Oh, that's right we need to import all that plastic ka rapp from China and have the ships by 1,000's going to & frow across the pond.
Thank you @SenFeinstein for leading the way.
Thank you!  Our children and grandchildren thank you.  Peace.
We need another Commission to uncover what i$ in it for DT#Parisclimateaccord.  #Impeach45 before he continues to kill all that is sacred.
#ParisAgreement 
#ActOnClimate
Good Luck. CA doesn't have any money
Odd the orange idiot chooses to be in San Jose tomorrow.
Impeach him asap!!!
You should have pushed for China and India to meet the same guidelines the U.S. was going by. Horrible deal for America in first place
I love living in CA...we WILL not pull back just b/c of our useless dictator in chief!
Thank you, Senator. So proud to be a Californian. Let’s lead.
https://qz.com/963089/california-is-home-to-eight-of-the-10-cities-in-america-where-air-pollution-is-worst/ … 
You have failed CA has the most polluted cities. Your results are a joke. Mass migration caused this
Thank you Senator
We'll see how that works out for the state.
You do know California will lead the nation in OIL production soon.
Good news, eh? Go Green :)
You could seriously help by encouraging people to just work from home. Bet that doesn't happen.
Spoken like a true con artist.
Looks like it is up to towns, cities, states to step in on climate control.
Californians are already traitors. You and your ilk are embarrassments to the human race.
Sign me up madam
Proud to live in California
Thank you, Senator Feinstein
Yhank you Sen. Feinstein
We get you hate America and want 300k people out of a job you love seeing homeless Americans we get that now go life in Iran.
Good for CA. Market for cars in CA is enormous and will force change in fuel efficiency for all car makers.
Millions in property damage due to flooding along lake Ontario because the libs wanted to fill the lake to save some beavers.
But they are blaming the flooding on climate change. What a joke
Can you run for the WH in 202? So disgusted and sickened by greed and stupidity.
The  #PutinPuppet is right on track for running us into the ground & bankrupting us like he did with most of his businesses! #Murika
It's another distraction from Russia, unfortunately with real consequences. We won't let him win.
Thanking God I live in CA - it's going to be the Ark that gets us through.
The state governments the private sector and citizens overall need to step up
Because CA's state government is just flush with cash and budget surpluses.
#CalExit now!
What are you waiting for? Get the troops on message and take control
Preach!
I know you find it hard to believe the American people elected Donald Trump president to take the power away from your gang
how much debt you guys in?
No I ask that Senate Feinstein WITHDRAW!
A BILLION US dollars!!!  And no one knows what it went towards! Redistribution of wealth!this was NOT about climate- about Elite globalists!
I am so PROUD OF MY PRESIDENT!!!
You can't control smog in your own cities, but you're going to tell the rest of us what to do? This is why people don't like liberals.
Hooray 4 the Republic of California!
How can you hold office as long as you have and not have a clue? Feinstein is making her millions on the back of American citizens.
Yes, we will!
I hope so.  If @POTUS ACTUALLY cared about US citizens he'd be a leader in #climatechange.  Drought, floods, starvation, migration will hurt
The government is weak it's up to the states and cities the combat climate change and the corruption within the White House.
as the 6th largest economy in the world the rest of the country is now looking to you.  Please continue to fight!
Yes we will. Thank you senator. #CaliforniaClimateLeaders
 #ParisAgreement
 I'm with her!
Thank you, Senator! But I'm feeling helpless and discouraged. How much more will we have to endure ? Help! Sinking ship
@SenFeinstein by doing what?? Raising our gas tax another 12 cents to pay for imaginary projects? #thanksbutnothanks
Thank you Senator.
And raise taxes and have businesses move out of our state and have people loose jobs. Thanks
Thanks a million Senator
You are an fool God put President Trump in office @ValkyrieToGlory He will be here for 8 years  Keep praying one day God will open your eyes
If you can't put Americans first, then you don't deserve to be in Congress!!!
Thank you.
You can't even manage your water!  How could you possibly manage the climate?
Feinstines days in the senate are numbered. and Americans will thank god when she's gone.
I was saying the same about @SenatorBoxer then lonely @KamalaHarris was right behind her. They're a dozen more to take her place here.
Thank you for your leadership. Show the way. Lead the way. Bring red and blue with you.
And we will move out of #California ! #parisclimateagreement sucked for #Americans #MAGA Thank God we elected @POTUS
Thank you Senator Feinstein! 1 in 8 US citizens are Californians. We want to take steps to protect the Earth. We want to join w/France!
Since that day you have consistently made me proud to be a San Franciscan and a Californian
translation: terrorist left in cali will continue to fleece the taxpayers by adding more taxes to 'fight' agianst climate change
States rights, amiright??  #ParisAgreement
Good deal #TX1
