(2/2) Dreamers are an vital part of the fabric of our communities. They have contributed to our country and deserve to live without fear.
I'm dreaming of a border wall!  I dream of protection from invasion, terrorists and pandemics.  How about taking care of American dreams?
So that CSG creed media should issue from every corner and hole, infested by the DP.  You dreamers should come here and mess with our riot!
Why stand with #IllegalAliens and NOT U.S. CITIZENS! SHAME IN YOU AND THE @DNC
Thank you Senator! As a Californian your words are a balm to the anxiety I,  as the mother of two brown skinned children, feel under 45!
You're a bad joke
Brown has been taking dreams away for years and you're on his band wagon. You've let the illegals take the jobs away and giving more welfare
Take them to Ur house & feed them.
U millionaire #politicians pretend to give a crap.
BTW...How did U get Rich by being in the Senate?

Then how can you be in Congress when you openly disregard the law of the nation. You need to resign.
Not unlawful. Joe Arpaio flouted the law for so long and get pardoned before he was sentenced. If you rule of law start with 45. #trumptroll
Wish more people saw things for what they really are... we don't even qualify for financial aid, how do we hurt this economy? I pay taxes
I know how much you contribute to the economy of CA! You are welcome here! #HeretoStay
It would be better to stand with your legal citizens first, then begin a dialogue to fix immigration - Your CA taxpayers must be very happy!

What other country allows illegals to live and receive taxpayers money while they remain here illegally?
Of course you do since you did not stand by Kate Steinle's family.

Can a bunch are you dreamers take her back to Mexico and drop her off in the non-gringo area! She can't buy property on her own in Mexico 
To all dreamers the Democrats promised immigration reform 8 years ago when they controlled Congress and did nothing. Why believe Dem. NOW
Of course because the laws of this land only matter when you want them to.  DACA is unconstitutional

I'M A $30,000 PAST DONER;  CONSTITUENT; & OUTRAGED THAT YOUR NOT SPEAKING OUT ABOUT ANTIFA OR RESPONDING TO EMAIL 

https://twitter.com/AtomasVictory/status/878641995681378306 …
I have yet to read a post from you where you state "Citizens, I stand with you." I'll wait.

Protects #IllegalAliens (#dreamers) yet bans #DOJ investigation into  #CollegeAdmissions #Discrimination against #AsianAmericans Shame on U!
Take them to CA.
A US Senator tweeting out support for criminals is something the Justice Dept should look into. Temporary public servants breaking the law.
45 supports KKK who killed an innocent woman and pardoned a man who tortured innocent  brown skinned ppl. U r on the wrong side of history.
CALIFORNIA Dreaming. U hit the Nail on the head!   Nothin but Deamers there. Nobody works just Space Out   
Lol, and you have smoked too much pot lady!
So do we the people of America.
Speak for yourself, you are not the voice of America
Feinstein, you really need to retire.  You're a washed up has been like Pelosi.  Please go away.  You've done enough damage to America.
You stand with who?
Stand with them on the other side of the border.
Please SAVE DACA! America needs these kids! #SaveDACA #HereToStay
Thank you and looking forward to your forceful action on #SaveDACA as soon as possible
But u stand for nothing. Dems gone in a year. Or in jail lolllll. MAGA
Yep, and what was the old GOP will be gone too. Only the Trump party will remain! Than we'll start closing down of all these colleges.
This is not America.  R president is using fear to divide us.  I am scared where we are heading and sad for those already feeling the hate
CITIZENS. Feinstein time for you to step down.
sure their own children get a higher level of education better jobs that they deserve to have because of who they are "AMERICAN BORN"
So! It's OK to rob the Born American from good paying salaries while an illegal lives a better live then someone making a sacrifice to make
Ok troll, time to go home!
Do you stand with the ones who are no longer Dreamers yet still reamain illegally?
Illegals you mean? Equals a Democrat vote only reason why you support something ILLEGAL!
Praying for these poor, good people that are living in constant fear.. it may not be physical torture but emotional which is worse!
The Sen. is one of my very favorite ppl.
What you mean is "To all illegal aliens I stand with you".
Come to the Golden state
SEN FEINSTEIN YOU ARE 84 YRS OLD ISN'T IT TIME TO RETIRE. AND LET SOME YOUNG BLOODS WITH CURRENT IDEAS. YOU ARE TO OLD. LIKE @NancyPelosi
Please they suck
Better get to Mexico so you can stand with them.
Then get trump Impeached    Ryan and McConnell won't like it because they are Russian loyalist but to hell with them get trump out
And you tell all the others that elected you to go pound salt. This representative needs to be in prison
A dreamer yourself?. Why shouldnt you? How many do you employ at your house? How little do you pay them? Do you look down on them?
And she's not alone!
Looser, thats why your party lost!
Can't spell ...low IQ ? Or just didn't go to school ?
Dianne,we stand with you.Tell us how to help.
Wrong again! Help citizens, NOT illegals of any kind! Find a way to make them legal! Don't just accept their illegality! Support the law!
Dof course you do illegal aliens are the Democratic base... We must have Term Limits!
Ya and all the rest of us legal citizens are  DREAMING of the day when you people in Washington ACTUALLY DO YOUR JOBS and secure the border
I dream to Make America great again with our outstanding president #MAGA
That guy ? (Also low IQ) What great president? You probably think Reagan was great too ! . Ha.
Yep Reagan came out of Hollywood what a great president liberals been killing this country for 100 years look at history.
Send them home ! Their parents broke the law ,lock them up
Thank you!!!
Good we should revoke your citizenship and deport you as well.
You will have to do more than stand with them!
That's The Dianne I REMEMBER  b 2 u & Ur's
You are an accessory to their crimes. How is it you are not under arrest?
Gee... that's nice, do you stand behind the children of CA citizens too?  Do you agree that CA should be a sanctuary state?
No more anchor babies.
Try standing with actual American citizens for a change and #supportyourpresident #MAGA #buildthewall #demsareevil
Stand with and for the LAW!
Please stand up for Legal Dreamers.
Awful: a legal immigrant dreamer who faces the prospect of deportation. My piece on this: https://www.cato.org/blog/congress-should-help-young-legal-immigrant-dreamers-too … https://twitter.com/SIIA_US/status/897852654180806656 …
I never read about democrats saying they stand with citizens who oppose open borders and voter fraud. Hoe's that working for ya'll?
Are we a nation of laws or not?
Hey Diane Baby, come on over and let's finish that case of wine, Love Lindsey
I would rather have a hungry lion stand next to me. Better yet, why don't you just sit down and write your resignation.
Too bad you didn't stand with Moscone & Milk while Dan White walked into SF city hall that November day #CouldHaveSavedCA
Dr Coolfinger. You are as low as they come. You should grovel with tRump. Maybe take a trip to Galveston this weekend ?
What about the little girl or boy praying dreams of peace at home will matter that #leaders won't turn deaf ears anymore#domesticviolence
that makes them feel so much better
#swampsenatorfeinstein - with the current catastrophe of California, it would seem logical to first stand with legal Americans. #swamp
I knew family/everyone was "legal"except one 10 year old child.No family in Mexico.Terrified Trump would deport child to orphanage in Mexico
No daca no amnesty.
Well of course you do. Feinstein Sen. Always for those who are not yet citizens. Working the long term vote. You are so predictable. Sad
Great, now get Trump impeached!
Oh What Charge?
So, I guess the meaning of "ILLEGAL" is unclear to you.  Keep up the #IdentityPolitics 
1 of 2
It's too bad the Democrats misled the Dreamers into thinking that they were going to be made legal or get citizenship
#AntifaHawaii means Independence for the stolen Kingdom of Hawaii
Thank you
called a pipe dream
