They SHOULD own it, but they'll blame the Democrats or the media.
They refuse to accept responsibility for any of the damage they've caused so far, so I doubt this would affect them in the slightest. #SoullessMonsters #CorruptCongress
The president proves hourly how little he cares for middle-class Americans..
Actually just the opposite!
Curious.  What has he done to make your life better?
How about hasn't made it worse like his predecessor
It is worse in my part of the country.  4 major companies closed shop & unemp rate just goes up.  My sister is on ACA & is worried 1/2
I'm sorry to hear that your area is having hardships and companies are closing. But companies don't decide to close.... (1/2)
It’s sinking on it’s own
No you dead wrong senator it you damm Democrat fault!!!!!!!
We will remind them in 2018 & vote.
Since when have they owned anything? Somehow they'll make it HC's fault.
Problem is.. THEY DON’T CARE!
I know if you say it all the time you think ACA will not be a democrat problem but we People know better.
OK...hell a lot better than we currently have!
And the deaths that result.
The major damage was done while Obama was President, Obamacare!
Just like we blame you for Obamacare! How did that work out on elections?? You never talk about us that had ins, and then couldn’t afford it
Wait wasn't this started with a democrat party running roughshod over the constitution to get ACA? You dems own it. #libtards
Just like you own the damage the ACA caused?
I believe the damage was done years ago, when ACA was created
if the fabric of the healthcare bill remains Obamacare, it needs to go down in dust
Oh, you support Ocare becuz your campaign contributions come from subsidized insurance companies.
You morons created this mess, now you criticize someone trying to fix it?  You're a miserable failure.  You should be impeached.
Obama caused the damage
Theyvown it NOW
GOP OWNS "HEALTH CARE" NOW
Well, no one else is trying to pass Health Care that actually works. Dem's passed Obama Care and had to pay subsidies instead of Free Market
Brian the #ACA WAS a bipartisan bill, stripped to the nitty gritty, by Republicans, HENCE all the issues.
Not True, NOT True! Bold Face Lie Dude. Democrat DO A crap from the get go. They own it. Illegal subsidies to Insurance Co. Try Free Markets

They ALREADY caused damage and OWN it, Senator.  Sabotaging enrollment outreach funds and using them to advertise AGAINST ACA???  Repeated other sabotage efforts that have had real detrimental effects!  Don't let those go.
Of course Obama and the Democrats don't get any blame what fantasy are you living in
They already own the damage
You mean the damage caused by democrats
Again.
Wouldn't you say they already own the damage they've caused by pulling out low income subsidies, taking up better part of last seven years to undercut ACA, and generally demonizing "Obamacare" as evil instead of working across party lines to make ACA benefits & financing better?
Across party lines? Democrats passed Obummer Care on their own, Republicans were not welcome and none voted 4 it. ACA is a "Dead Dog," DOA!
@BrianIngall -- I don't know about you, but I'm an independent moderate who seeks to restore the founders' notion of a Government "by the  people and for the people". The era of throwing stones at the other party &/or working in seclusion w/o compromise is what appears to be DOA
I agree, but the Democrats proudly tout working together, but never do it. They are the Party out of Power. Take back seat with class. Enjoy
The damage was done to my health care when you democrats forced fed obamacare. Couldn't keep my dr. Or insurance nothing but lies by Obama
If the republicans had worked towards improvements instead of to destroy we would have a great health care!
ACA is not a screw up the only screw up is the GOP trying to sabotage it all the time!
#aBetterDeal #MedicareForAll
#aBetterDeal #Bernie2020
#aBetterDeal #ReformDNC
#aBetterDeal #VoteThemOut
#aBetterDeal #ElectProgressives
JGB
Senator 2day stop political talks s few secs with@NancyPelosi & @RepMaxineWaters &wish the #GoDodgersBlue luck to bring the WS to LA!
Now @MinorityLeader @NancyPelosi We are going to the WORLD SERIES! You congressmen need to congratulate our CA Team! The LA Dodgers!!
I guess lives don't matter 2 him.  Oh, he only cares 4 rich & whites
Wrong. They will own what people believe they own and FOX/GOP will blame Obama and Idiot America will believe it.
...like you own the damage of ObamaCare?
Do you read what you write? You would rather fix blame on a political party than work to permanately fix the health ins  for all Americans
Kind of like you and the other democrats owning the damage caused by the #ACA? #hypocrite
Kind of like you own the disaster known as Obamacare?  @Repeal&ReplaceO-Care
They already own it
Dear PresidentWhiifoM (What'sInItForMe), ASickNationIsNOTaSecureNation!
Get busy, #POTUS; 
YOU KNEW WHAT YOU WERE SIGNING UP FOR 
We the tax payers own any damages brought on by our elected officials
That's your damage you dems own ACA
Why would they? You didn’t own the damage you caused with the “A”CA
No Obama owns this. His name is on it. He was so proud of it that he named it after himself.
Nope.  Not a single Republican voted for the ACA, so the Dems will be responsible for whatever happens.
So many expert idiotic comments here

He does not give a rats ass about anything except golf and his bank account
Hey Dianne Obama Care sucks, can’t you get that through you’re head?
They already own it.
Funny how Progs are so eager to find someone else to own the horror that OBCare is.
Single payer now
Because you are bought by your donors, big Pharm and insurance companies, you own the damage you will cause.#justicedemocratsrising
That's ok, you and the rest own the damage done to middle class Americans paying for worthless insurance that covers basically nothing.
Congress and 45 owe us good health care.we deserve it .They work for us.Its our money#
No. His supporters will own it.
Hilarious. You and the Dems own the damage you have caused. Do you find it ironic that you had unwavering support for the ACA but now say if Trump and Republicans don't agree with Dems to fix it that the Republicans will own the damage? Only in the mind of a liberal...
Right because the GOP wanted government run healthcare in the first place.  Yal strapped us with this.  It’s forever yours.
And so will all Americans whose health and lives will be put at risk.
why continue to serve with such a severe case of dementia!
No, you and your party owns this steaming dung fire. You created it, it's YOUR legacy.
Dems have to own crap that is ACA yet you all haven't
If they don't want insurance companies making money, then why not single payer?
And if you Democrats got off your ass and helped come up with something that worked together think of where we would be right now@lazyasslib
Retire, Dianne! You don’t know what you’re saying!
But you have to vote for it to see what's in it !
REPEAL & REPLACE OF O'CARE:is the only real fix! Another band-aid is still kicking this can down the road! Rockefeller Medical Model must go
The American people realize what he's dealing with. He will not be blamed for trying to clean up your mess.
Wrong! They won't own anything until Obamacare is gone. Then and only then will Dems be released from the ACA.
Fair enough, as long as you own up to the failures of Obamacare and the damage you cause.
you own the damage you caused with O'Care and with the stonewalling and degrading our POTUS it is about all Americans party agenda's
You seem more concerned with blame than helping the American people. Careful, your true colors are showing
You keep pointing a finger at Trump, but 4 are pointed back at you for voting for Obamacare in first place.
Blah blah blah
They are backwards and stubborn. No productive ideas. Obstructing their colleagues who are trying to find solutions.
Feinstein, you OWN the current UN-affordable UN-Caring act. You didnt even read it before voting on it. It's a complete disaster. #WeKnow
Now would be a good time to announce your retirement.   How much longer can you continue to drain the American people?
Wouldnt be an issue today if there was bipartisan agreement to get out of the health care buisiness and work on serving in a united way.
Muhahahaaa, so delusional
You mean,  continue to pay off insurance companies,  have a policy you can't afford to use.
The Democrats own the damage they created.   Funny you were able to exempt yourself from it
Poor attempt to shift ACA failures to gop
Sen Fein, it is impossible for you & the Congressional Libs to worm out of the OCare Travesty you have inflicted on the Health of AMERICANS
As if you were ever bipartisan!  LOL!
That is true but then the harm is done
Btw, lots of GOP trolls sprouting nonsense about the ACA.  A bill which 20 million Americans are happy to have.
It's become popular to say someone 'owns' something they've damaged or broken.  But that attitude still leaves the important issue broken.
Rate hikes were expected in single digits.  Now because of Trumps sabotage we are looking at 40% hike.
come on work together for a change stop the blaming game, grow up and get the job done you were elected to do.
Well you have owned Obamacare for years and it hasn't kept you from still causing trouble in Congress!
I mean, they should, but they won't They'll just blame it on another department, like DHS or something.
You’d like it off your back!
And I’m thinking we just might make sure the whole country knows too.
Well you Dems own this bullsh*t called Obamacare.
They truly do not care #shameonREPUBLICANS
Not much different than what the Democrats did with Obamanation care.
As you along with rest of Dems own the failure of the ACA and all the damage it has caused citizens!
No they won't there will be nothing to own no more kicking it down the road. The swamp has been exposed its all of the senant
the damage was caused by congress voting for a bill without actually reading it.
Ha!
And deaths ....
I say let them own it. People need to realize how much damage they cause.
What happened to the @GOP budget hawks? GOP wasteful use of our money!
They own it already.  #TrumpRussia
Unlike the democrats who never owned their ACA nightmare! Typical hypocrisy right there!!
Well, the American population will. The #GOP & #Trump may look bad in history books, but it won’t impact their individual health or wallets.
They already do.
Who owns the damage for Obama Care.
Democrats are a real joke.
Hurting our country. Stop
do you and the Dems own the fiasco known as the unACA?
The fault of this crap called the affordable care act is on Obama and the democrats. It is a failure the dems created but won't admit it.
You are already own the  mess Obama caused
No he won’t.  He never takes the blame.
They already own it, Senator. #Trumpcare #deathcare
Only ones who caused and own the damage is your Dumbacratic party who voted this nightmare through behind locked doors! Own it!!!
Trump & .@GOP Congress' attack children & women's healthcare by sabotaging CHIP, PP, ACA, Medicaid, Medicare. All for #TaxCuts4Rich. FAIL
Nope, we will.
Will they even care?  Fear no. 1.
Obama and the Democrats had nothing to do with implementing a self destructive Health System. Don’t kid a 12 yr vet of health Insurance.
For someone that's been around; you don't seem to get it? I'm 83; will not make age an issue. Exploit the young and inexperienced is unfair.
And they will lose in 2018.
They already do. The expensive fix some states are using will cost more making tax cuts for the rich an even bigger risk for the economy.
Do you and your husband own the profit on the high speed drain from nowhere to nowhere? Like 500 mil right?
They already own it
Lol. No, they won't. Democrats destroyed our health care markets. Period.
It's Trumpcare. They wanted it, they got it.
Says the woman who allowed Jeff Sessions to commit blatent perjury without blinking...
Just like the Democrats as a republican I’ll risk that
No, you guys own that. It’s called #Obamacare No matter how many times you try to place the blame for that atrocity on Trump it’s yours.
How’s that. Not one Republican voted on the failing ACA. Work together on a bipartisan effort to fix it. ACA is not affordable.
Shut up about the president and get us out of debt! #ca
Really? I'm pretty sure you passed this tax on the American people
Wrong. The damage has already been done. O-Care was bogus from day one.
He should already own the damage he had caused and so should any in the GOP who spent years working to destroy not repair & improve.
Ok as long as you & Obama own all the ACA failures to date.
The list of what they'll own at any point is looooong.
Senator look at what you and the liberals are getting away with how is that ok but what Trump does is a sin to you?
The damage senator was the democrats enacting ACA!
And if they do, they won't care. Such a callous bunch of do-nothings.
They caused? This is about Obamacare.

They own it already
So do you own the damage that democrats caused with obamacare. You don't. Hypocrite
They most certainly will!
Bipartisan!  That is a Boldfaced lie, Senator.  The Republicans were not consulted or welcomed. Democrats locked the door and asked 4 a vote
How about the damage you and you stinking liberals have caused.
Do democrats own the damage Obamacare causes?
No senator, all of Congress owns it, both sides, because none of you put any real effort into working with the other side.
2018 bye bye @GOP
Sorry ma'am but the damage was done long before Pres Trump took Office. You are to blame as much as anyone else
Trump is purposefully making it worse and sabotaging legislation in place that protects people
How is Trump making it worse? The entire act needs to be repealed and not replaced.
The damage has already been done ever since Democrats passed this fraudulent Obamacare. Quit trying to pass it off on others.
How can foreign governments trust Trump if we can't?He's chopping up USA and selling parts to vultures. This is Treason!
Stupid assertions, fraudulent hypotheses  and vapid arguments. Consider the Crimes of last eight years. Democrat leaders R GUILTY OF Treason
They already should.
They will also earn my vote.
Free markets, choice, medical insurance. We voted against govt in our business. Too bad Repubs are scared of their own swamp shadows.
The only damage is Obamacare. Why don't you retire
Damage YOU and the rest who voted for Obamacare caused.....
Damage was rammed thru by a Marxist who could give a  about bipartisanship. Trump & Repubs should rip O'care off of us like a bandaid. 1RIP
Really?
They already own healthcare, we have #trumpcare
@realDonaldTrump has sabotaged ACA in many ways
Shut up old bat
Nice try dems own Obama care and the destruction of American healthcare system.  Trump is fixing your mess! #MAGA
You would love to claim that, you snake.
I agree.  Do not be afraid to call out Republicans on everything they do that is not in the best interest of us Americans!
When will you cryface libs accept the fact that Trump doesn't care what you tweet. Stop crying and start solving
and you all will know how to apply pressure where it hurts if they do.
They already own it!
Don't they already "own" it?
Where is it in the Constitution that says the Government has to offer Healthcare
This is all on the Democrats Diane. You can't keep putting bandaids on open wounds. POTUS will fix healthcare w/out Dems help
What, you voted for Obama Care ,  remember Pelosi, “have to pass it so we know what’s in it” speech. Democrats own this Obama-nation !
It ain’t like that Dementia D.  Socialist Democrats have done nothing but obstruction. Remember “Resist”?  WE do.
Pseudo criticism at best
When are the Democratis going to own that messed up with OBAMA Care
Trying to fix the damage already caused by ACA.  Why not work together and fix it - that’s what you’re paid to do.  Fed up with blame game.
Trump's actions are doing the damage
 seriously we are still wait for him to make y'all pay what the rest of the world pays for ins.
They don’t care how much they trash the USA
You need to win the election
Trump doesn't own anything, he uses the banks money.
As does MANY Americans. Still paying for your home? Car? Hmm...of you stop paying, who comes to take it? That's right...the banks!  #BS
It's called Obama care.
You libs refuse to admit ACA is a unexploded socialist torpedo right into the side of healthcare. Pulling it is needed to fix flood damage
But they don’t care!  Right now they own Trump and do not care.
They have no idea how to run a country
Why are they trying to destroy the country?
It is all paul Ryan's fault
Scraping something that's a wreck is a kindness. Rather than let it become a juggernaught of destruction on healthcare.
When will you, Obama, and the rest of the Dems own the mess up to this point? You are quick to pass the blame. Are you a perfect senator?
Wrong. Stop lying to the people. It doesn't benefit YOU, and that's why you don't like it. https://www.whitehouse.gov/taxreform#page 
@SenFeinstein Other words Democrats have owned it thus far & have not been able to resolve it other than vote "No" & pass it on to Repubs?.
This monstrosity was just a power grab from day 1. Dems lied to pass it and reps didn’t repeal it. They all have blood on their hands.
They already own it.
It is all paul Ryan's fault
Can I use an old picture of you and span in your name too?
