Bump stocks should be illegal.  When will mental health be addresswd?  Been on Market Street recently?  The asylum is in the streets of SF.
Deer are very fast these days, you see.
Then it'll be some other device that isn't specifically banned. Need no more semi-auto guns, nat'l registry, extreme sentences 4 gun crimes.
Can you get your hands on Law&Order S10E1" Gunshow"  9/22/1999  & put back on YouTube? It shows Jack McCoy dumping out buckets of bullets.
We got you covered: https://vimeo.com/236473235  #LawAndOrder
Well it showed most of it. Can't download it though. Thank you!
Okay but much more is required. I don't fear walking on streets in Italy -- nobody has a gun and the italians like it that way
What deer moves that fast? And seriously, if you need 400+ bullets per min. to hit something, may I suggest some target practice?
Bump fire stocks allow semi-automatic weapons to reach rates of fire of between 400 and 800 rounds PER MINUTE.
My God given constitutionally guaranteed right is not just for deer.  It's to keep people like you from attempting to take my rights.
Back to the issue. Banning bump stocks would in no way violate #2A.
Limiting the amount of words you are allowed to say per minute would in no way violate your 1A
Same principle, too hard to understand?
Ad hominem attack. Invalid point.
Stop playing victim with the ad hom drivel. It's only invalid if you can't interpret it.
You have to be fucking kidding me that you're talking Twitter and 1A on a #guncontrol thread.
Pathetic liberals. If he was Trump supporter, he wouldn't shoot country music concert goers!!! But for once @SenFeinstein is right
And banning bump stocks stops him from landing a plane through the crowd blowing up at the stage?
So we shouldn't regulate gun access because ppl will start flying planes instead? This tells me you have never tried to access a plane
He had a pilots license and a desire to kill a lot of people. Even if bump stocks are legal, murdering people is still illegal.
I totally agree. My point was that bump stocks should be illegal.
My wife thinks so, I don't. I have a bump stock but no desire to harm anything, not people animals or even spiders, my wife kills spiders.
There are a lot people that have the desire or mental/mood instability that can access the same weapons as you. Can I ask why you have one?
People who consistently lash out in anger or rage should be banned, rapist, domestic violence and anyone who harms an animal.
One issue is that regulations are not tight enough to screen those people. Also, many gun-related incidents or mass shootings are impulsive
No man you are very wrong. Whoever told you that is not being truthful.
I'm very glad you're working to pass this ban. Any info on other gun control measures you're working on would be great to hear, too. Tx!
This must be stopped
Repeal the second admentment! !!!
Not even close to the 10,000 rounds per minute of a US military chain gun, so citizens are still under equipped to fight a tyrannical gov't
And your point? Join the NRA today!!
Already a member. 
Where do you get you data?  #FakeNews
TERRIBLE

No human being can even reload that fast. Your firearms ignorance is massive.  At least do some homework before you tweet.
Your tweets make Trump look like a Rhodes Scholar...
Your bill would also ban shoelaces, paracord, and string. All of which can be used to the same effect as a bump stock.
Way to go you idiot.
It's not about saving lives & death/carnage; if it were, U'd seek 2 ban them from all the worlds militaries. u only care who gets 2 kill.
OBAMA GREENLIGHTED THEM 

WHERE THE HELL WERE YOU??????
Who would ever approve such a device?  @BarackObama administration?  Blood on their hands?
There are no magazines available to sustain such a rate of fire and would turn barrel white hot. Belt fed on the other hand...
Let's not also state that that many rounds in 60 sec. will make a semi-auto rifle fail, maybe even explode. #troll #guncontrolnever
Yea, write another law that can be ignored at will. That's your only solution? What a genius you are.
"Let no crisis go to waste".  The mantra of another Dem.  genius Rohm Emanuel who now runs Chicago!
you dont need a bump fire stock to bump fire!..its a technique that uses recoil to reset the trigger...its also perfectly legal!
WHY  ARE  SEMI-AUTOMATIC  RIFLES  LEGAL  IN  THE  FIRST  PLACE?!
To demonize an object while ignoring the countless laws already on the books and the failure to support their enforcement is the issue.
So much easier to avoid and evade, I guess.
And yet obama passed it hmm what's that say about him
Ya but those damn deer are fast!
So did you read up on guns? Lord knows you don't have a clue of a gun for protection.
She's reading talking points, doesn't know a semi automatic from a semi truck!
They even had the tweet ready.
Mike Pence tweeted the same picture from a Colts game that he tweeted in 2014 http://indy.st/2z8eVyV 

LEFT: 11/23/14…
Stop this BS and open your eyes.  It's not the weapon its the person . You forget if he would have used the bombs then what? Morals
& Yet U do not 1 damn thing 2 stop the 7 wars Obama got US into where military is killing people by tens of thousand
Then why did Obama allow them to be sold?  You could have stopped it back then!!!  Why didn't you?  You could have saved 58 lives in Vegas!
Instead of 180 per minute.
 OMG
they can also be 3D printed. Best to ban semi-automatic weapons. If you can't hunt with a single shot, it's not a sport.
In 1966 Charles Whitman killed 18 from at tower at UT with a bolt action rifle that only held three rnds. And he didn't have a crowd of 20k.
are you advocating banning all guns then?
Silly lib! You know good and well I'm not suggesting that.
of course I know that, but more firepower won't help. It's not a con / lib issue. It's a public safety issue.
I just think that where there's a will there's a way and gun deaths are over politicized.
probably, but the US has earned a bad reputation. I'm not against 2A, but a civilian militia can't compete.
Some poorly armed insurgents have been doing a pretty good job in Iraq and Afghanistan.
How many victims of your 18 USC 241 conspiracy against rights aka #guncontrol are there PER MINUTE? 400-800?
If it makes your dingle tingle to ban bump stocks go ahead. It's not real full-auto. It's an attachment for semi-auto that ruins the gun
Don't forget to name another crime with bump fire stocks cmon
Do you not know the facts or are you only trying to frighten people with the exaggerated fire rates you claim?
That's not much at all, I'm surprised you didn't put 1-10000 rounds per minute
You mean per SECOND
Omg that's an wmd
No they don't! First of all you can't reload that fast and secondly bump fire stocks cause the rifle to jam a lot.
They a also wreck firing pins that were designed for semi auto use in pretty short order.
I thought you were going to outlaw the WORDS "bump stock" ? Lots of 1st amendment abuse, need to get that under control.
The details are chilling. Thank you for keeping this debate alive and for trying to fix the problem.
Keep pressing. Time for action
Do the guards that protect you have semi or full auto weapon.. Just wondering why YOUR life is more important then WE THE PEOPLE 
The capital police carry semi-automatic pistols. They also have frequent proficiency tests and background checks.
For one thing, I'm amazed , being special forces , that he acquired mi!!itary  specialties ??????
Ask Obama why he okayed them and tell us what he says, m'kay?
They need to be illegal to purchase. The NRA is too powerful and needs restrictions imposed on selling guns and accessories that kill masses
so what? anyone can rent a big uhaul and mow down a ton of pedestrians or just use their car. you cant stop evil with law.
it would be a miss carriage of justice because they didnt take you too lol tell me how the laws banning drugs have worked.
so tell me how banning drugs has worked. did it fix the problem or not? cant talk with out name calling or what?typical democrat leftist
you are correct, bans do not work to solve the problem of people with bad intentions.
So why did Barack Hussein Obama approve them. If it is a problem now, wasn't it a problem then? 
Why didn't she call a halt to the sales insisting on more investigation?  Could have saved 58 lives instead of heeling 2 their master.
Obama administration  approved Bump fire stocks allow semi-automatic weapons to reach rates of fire of between 400 and 800 rounds PER MINUTE
Trump supporter Stephen Paddock is a disgrace to America. 
And these Trump deplorables are ruining our national fabric.
Please help end it.
Paddock was a registered Democrat. So you're either ignorant or a liar. Which one is it?
Thank you for  fighting the good fight.   Banning bump stocks are a good first step.
What's your next proposed step?
That is insane! Why are we allowed to have something so distrustive in America. There are too many angry people here.
Lots of bears near schools...
Repeal the Dickey Amendment!
Senator, support mandatory firearm liability insurance to reduce the financial toll of gun violence on victims
Bullshit. If you need special insurance for guns, then personal insurance for alcohol consumption is required. 33k gun deaths vs 88k alcohol

Lol. Oppressed by their own hand. No one forces them to shoot the babies and gangsters. Or do we still blame whitey?
SENATOR PASS LEGISLATION TO MAKE BUMP STOCKS ILLEGAL !AND THOSE WHO PRODUCE IT !A LARGE FINE!
Why should the manufacturers get a fine?
Well I'd better hurry up and get me one. Thanks for the information. <sarc:
Please ammend the National Firearms Act and include bump stocks.  We're counting on you.
We need term limits
Amen!
She is 84 years old for cripes sake.
This is what she truly wants:
I know.  She's a nut case
And they are legal, along with the soon to be silencer... Only in America.
Democratic Socialists who LOVE a cellulite bulging polyester pant suit wearing Criminal Clinton are the reprobates who want to manage guns 
Way to push your agenda Einstein !!!' http://Safevegas.com 
What about Weinstein and Weiner ? You know , your supporters !!!! http://Safevegas.com 
Are you relying on CNN False reports again?
These libbies don't know a bump stock from a BB gun.  Not just lying, too lazy to research the issue-Same for Feinstein's talking points
Good. It's for when you corrupt politicians want to try and establish an oligarchy.

The GOP has turned the keys of our country over to Russia & dark fringe elements. Please tell me that someone in power cares about this!

