When are you guys going to come up with universal healthcare like we have in Canada and the rest of the civilized world?
Currently, most US citizens & half of the Democrats in US Congress advocate universal healthcare - like Canadian Medicare.
But much of the current Republican party is invested in causing mass death to give rich people tax cuts.
So, first we must #SaveTheACA & #SaveMedicaid - to prevent tens of thousands of deaths.  Then we work for #MedicareForAll in the USA.
Dems have had years to fix Obamacare..... nothing
ACA isn't broken.  It's working as intended.  >20 million Americans have gained healthcare access, and >100,000 lives have been saved.
ACA is also nowhere near perfect.  Democrats _have_ presented better plans for healthcare in the USA. For example: https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/house-bill/676/cosponsors … .
That's the #MedicareForAll plan for true universal healthcare in the USA, which is currently endorsed by half of the Democrats in Congress.
That's insulting to pigs

But congressmen keep their Obamacare! #SinglePayerNow #MedicareForAll
How about all of Congress and Senate get to have the same health care that they're offering the General Public

Then you pass #SinglePayer IMMEDIATELY, please Start in CA where you are also responsible
No it's not Just expand Medicare; been working great for 70yrs saves Billions in taxe$ #SinglePayer

And it's still a pig.
And the democrats created the pig...are you to dense to see that?
More like the pig's rear end.
Pls keep fighting! I'm a 2x bc survivor w a small biz. I NEED the individual marketplace as many of my friends. Help!  #AHCAkills
How are you doing anything besides point fingers
You wear lipstick!
Poorly, I might add
THANK YOU Senator for standing strongly in support of health care for all Americans! Proud to have you as my CA elected representative!
Didn't they make it worse? I think they wiped the lipstick off the pig and threw it in some shit.
Yes- so instead of stopping RussianDonnie in his tracks, allow him to pick the new FBI Director! Shameful D. Feinstein! #wtf
And smack it on the ass and call it Dolly..lol
But they put it on the wrong end...
The "pig" would be Obamacare.

Really? "Lipstick on a pig"? U can be better than that! Yes the bill is atrocious! Playground rhetoric is unbecoming of all u.
You must be referring to yourself. 
Shut it down!
Don't talk about your leader mcwattle like that! Honestly. Decorum.
That is exactly what you liberals did with the disaster known as the ACA! Coming home to roost?

More like chapstick.  No attractive color AT ALL
'nuff said
Wonderful original line of thought.
Stop it at all costs
A rotting corpse at that.
They didn't even do that.  This just put a funny hat on the same pig, and said there doesn't that look better.
And it was frosted...
Ugly lipstick at that
and put in unsolicited pork for Alaska and others not wanting to vote for the bill..
Why do they get to keep their Obamacare?
Or put deodorant on a skunk.
Why? Was @KellyannePolls in the new version?
A BAD color of lipstick & "SMEARED" it 2...#MAGA #Dems
Then how can some R senators justify changing their minds?
Not Cruz's color!
Its what they know, they have done it before!
Brown lipstick. 
That is insulting to the Pig....GOP plan much worse...A rat or cockroach is a better analogy.
Damn they put lipstick on the Kremlin.
Miasmic #Trumpcare3 #mitchmcconellstinks
And then the pig promised to sign this horrible bill
Now now, you know Sarah Palin takes offense to that idiom.
Repeal it and get the government out of healthcare!
Cheap lipstick. The kind that stains your clothes but won't stay on your lips.
Yed
Repeal it all get the government out of healthcare!
Yes Sen Feinstein that's what they've done. It's the death sentence 4 the poor, the sick & the old. They don't need TAXCUTS! They'll lose.
Thank you!
Health bill gets delayed so lyin' Ted can have his say...
GOP has an entire barnyard of pigs wearing lipstick
Perfect way to put it!!!!
Work on getting it fixed you butthead
You put it on a fossil.
Lipstick ... rouge ... earrings and necklace.  All made in China under the Oink, Oink brand of "La Ivanka"
I'm sure Trump will grope it.
lol great analogy
That's unkind to pigs, @SenFeinstein. :)
Please somebody tell me that was Ivankas' lipstick
The lipstick is a rather ugly color, badly applied at that. Furthermore its appliers need the lipstick on them as much as on the pig.
They gussied up the bill to give new perks to the politicians, but still screw everyone else who isn't a billionaire. They work for us!
So you are saying the GOP wear lipstick. We have all heard about their "secret" meetings. @maddow @RollingStone @MTVNews @Newsweek @ladygaga
on a tax cut
Ah i thought they put the markings on it for where they gonna cut the pig to divvy it up
It's worse because it is not a health care bill. It's a tax break. We have one that needs to be fixed called the ACA. Rs have failed/move on
And cheap, tarty lipstick at that. But, could be enough to fool people - never be complacent- the GOP does not care about anything but $$$
“@SenFeinstein: When it comes to this “new” version of their health care bill, all Senate Republicans did was put lipstick on a pig.”

It's unconscionable.
Today's TrumpCare is yet another unacceptable tax cut benefiting people who least need it by taking care from those who most need it.
You always hit the nail on the head Senator Feinstein.
I do believe the lady is correct! 
I think it was only a 3 legged pig, to begin with, barely able to walk.
Yeah. A pig named Donald!
Actually they put lipstick on the pig's anus thinking we would mistake it for lips. #trumpcarekills
Gee, @SenFeinstein, nice of you to speak up. Try doing it more often.
Boy that is a appropriate analogy for you.
It looks like the Senate repubs are taking the lipstick off of the pig!
Well, they did Support Ms. Palin 
Lipstick on a... wait, so Palin is back?
Still a pig with lipstick
And, if the pig were 10 years older, Trump would be trying to date it.
And it was ugly, day-glo orange lipstick, too.
And they used the cheapest lipstick.
Help.The American people are saying help.We are at the mercy of insane $ greed $ of insurance companies.Your donor$ over the people is evil.
Probably because the men of @GOP are pretty much pigs.
Yep
No McConnell's is a turtle.
Leave Sara Palen out of this.
A greedy pig that believes it is ok to slaughter the poor to have less taxes for the very rich. #resist

Stop paying their salaries until something gets done. For 7yr.we have heard their plan was brilliant. WHAT
What did Senate dems do, besides tweets?
Are dems against exempting Congress from Trumpcare?
More like a full boar hog.
+=healthcare bill
@SenateMajLdr @realDonaldTrump @tedcruz @SenateGOP ENOUGH SAID!!!!
Miserable rotting dead pig they want to Frankenstein
So McConnell is wearing lipstick? 
I feel like I'm ready for the slaughterhouse 
They didn't even bother going for high-gloss...

Shell. Game.

But that's par for the course where GOPiggies are concerned!
Only if you consider vaseline lipstick


.@SenFeinstein 

Anything but Single Payer is unfair, unjust and perpetuates the fraudulent enterprise that is for-profit "health insurance"
And will bankrupt ppl
.@Ontheotherhand @SenFeinstein 

Even though ACA is better, the current system IS bankrupting people. 

$5000 deductibles do it.
Consider a single payer system devoid of profit motive & with risk shared by all. Already have a great name for it - Medicare.
Well, the simple solution is #SinglePayerNow
INDEED. AGREED!
They're all lipstick on a pig.  Lol
You couldn't say that any better, @SenFeinstein. The new version is like getting suited up w.o. taking a shower first. It stinks!
Pale lipstick.
No comment.
So you are wearing lipstick now
But they put it on the wrong end.
Wow!  Finally, a Democrat admitting ObamaCare is bad, as she states, its a, "pig!"  Thank you for being honest Duane...
Did they use the same stick you used for Clinton during the primaries?
People voted for this. Let it go thru then pass prose doable (not incresing tax burden) sustainable healthcare
Look, don't drag the pigs into this.
There is no need to bring Betsy into this conversation 

...and we KNOW they have experience  with that

Horrible bill!  Outraged. I'm a childhood cancer Mom and understand the importance of health insurance. #voteNO ! Stay on GOP !!!
@realDonaldTrump
The big Trump lie is that he'd run gov't like a business. If true, we'd be working to improve the ACA, not throw it out. That's efficiency.
How soon before u come up with a better pig instead of criticizing the other farmer? The ACA hasn't gotten me health care. #SinglePayerNow
Please vote NO!
One of my favorite sayings! Sadly, no amount of lipstick could help this pig from @GOP
Still a pig....hope divine intervention prevails and the repubs are forced to negotiate with the Democrats on this most important bill.
Ah the Sarah Palin Healthcare bill.
Please work to enlighten your Republican colleagues about the dangers of this bill.
Why does Obamacare thrive in Demo states like CA, but is 'collapsing' in Repub states? Is ACA collapsing or BEING sabotaged? FIX OBAMACARE!!
That's a slap to the face of pigs worldwide.
...and we know that pigs name is Donald Trump! With his piglets Mitch and Paul


We must fight to keep the ACA
Thank you. Sad and ashamed
Yes  @SenFeinstein That is what They did.
Dems did nothing toFIX Obamacare.  It's easier obstructing any relief for Americans.
You wear lipstick? Does California gave a regulation against that?
The 's being Trump & McConnell & their Trumpster fire bill.
You co sponsored the Sitsa act which would give corrupt Jeff Sessions and the DEA a grotesque amount of power. You need voted out.
Word
Because this matters to me.  It impacts my son who has multiple preexisting conditions.  He needs the protection the #ACA provides.  Save it
Glad to see you admit Obamacare was a pig
Please vote against Chris Wray-
They put the lipstick on the wrong end of a pig & think we're just going to kiss it. #resist
But I'm sure @realDonaldTrump looks great with lipstick  ......
At least you admit Obamacare is like a pig! Maybe, Senators will finally come together?
why doesn't the dem have a repair bill for the aca? You had 7yrs. to do something and did nothing as usual. To busy selling post offices.
Even the pretty pig looks better than this bill! Please ensure it is roundly defeated!
Please step down, DiFi! Your cooperation with GOP is why we are in this mess! We need a fighter... a leader, not a cautious head counter! 
May I remind you...you and Pelozi loved that pig. On your 1st date u 2 didn't even ask his name  (Barack)
Oldie, but a goodie, but please do not disparage pigs like that. How about put lipstick on Kellyanne.
How did they hold you down, show us on this puppet,  puppet.
REPEAL OBAMACARE 1st! NO SINGLE PAYER, SOCIALIZED MEDICINE, GOVERNMENT RUN HEALTH CARE PROGRAM, PRIVATIZE
And let's be honest...That's so unfair to the pig...
And exempt themselves.
Single Payer!
No difference between Obama economic bandaid
Please vote NO on Christopher Wray. If he becomes FBI Dir., the Russia investigation is dead and buried. Trump patsy.
Hint.... the Russia investigation has been dead since day one.   Bernie s/b standard barer but, he was cheated out of the nomination.
No he wasn't. He won lots of the undemocratic caucuses, which don't let the people vote. So, you could argue, HE tried to rig the election.
More like lipstick on bacon.
More like they knocked its teeth out.
Well said
That they fed strychnine to
Never mud wrestle with a pig, because a pig likes getting dirtym
And we all know how useless lipstick on a pig is! 
And it's still a pig.
Okay, but you're not going to vote for the FBI/Kremlin Lover guy as FBI director are you? Because pls don't do that.
And that pig's name is Mitch, Mitch McConnell.
Thank you Senator for speaking up!
