Oh good. Now we take legislative advice from@the liberal media.     No brains indeed!!

Just be up front and say, your ultimate goal is to ban all guns. You've stated before, you would if you could. Run on that platform.
It is a “no-brainer” and a great FIRST step.
So do I.  No brains were used in drafting this bill!
there are so many laws over here with not much http://enforcement.you  willnot even enforce immigration laws
The FresnoBee?! Your sources to endorse you factless ideas are so hysterical!
Too bad the bill is purposely vague in order to potentially ban more than just bump stocks/cranks.
let our glorious @NRA and @realDonaldTrump take care of the problem

@NRA sponsoring massacres since God knows when
#TrumpTheBitch
When someone tells me it's a no brainer, I know they have given the subject little thought.
IM from England where there are strict gun laws .it s so easy to buy illegal guns most fully auto..this would have happened anyway
Sen. Feinstein congress is full of no brainers.
And how many lives will be saved because of this "no-brainier"? Zero.
You've been our voice for gun control for so many years. Thank you for keeping up the good fight!
Not just bumpstocks...all existing and any future parts that could be added to a semi-auto into fully-auto. BE THOROUGH
Anyone that believes bump stocks makes a semi automatic into an automatic is uninformed, uneducated or just plain stupid. Even Feinstein said it mimics an automatic. U do understand what mimics means?
All of you liberals are a bunch of “no-brainers“. It’s not about the guns.
Liberal periodical.
The @NRA or the @NRAILA has NEVER said it supports a BAN on bump stocks or other devices . I expect an immediate correction @FresnoBee

You should find a news agency with journalistic integrity and isn't so obviously bias.
Remember people. This bill DOES NOT just ban bumb stocks.
I'm sure every criminal or person wanting to shoot will have to pay extra on the black market b/c it's illegal
I agree Duane, you have no brain.
You have no brain. The second amendment is intended for the militia man to be able to fight a war.
You’re seriously quoting Fresno?
You’re a no-brainer, time to retire.
Um you can make these things with a 3d printer, what good would a ban really do except possibly score political points?
This is literally the LEAST that can be done. Try harder.
Hell let's ban cars to while we're at because a guy drives through a crowd of people. It must burn you that our fore fathers created the 2nd
We love Fresno
I'm positive that the phrase was brainless. I agree
Not the Fresno BEEEE!!! Check mate #2A CHECK! MATE!  Socrates, Plato, Aristotle, they all wrote for the Bee. Game over.
Anything to say on the California fires??
Jacuse! Blood on your hands for 4 years inaction with prior knowledge! Not that a new law or Obama DO would have stopped. You know that too
Maybe. 
Maybe not. 
But most certainly making an knee jerk decision in the emotional moment is never advised.
Bumb stocks around since 2010 You claim to know horror chance 2013 An Obama EO or your new Bill beforehand. Your inaction was consent Jacuse
You didn't know what they were until YESTERDAY. YOU DO NOT EVEN KNOW HOW THEY WORK!
Why are my rights being denied, i committed no crime. Why punish the innocent?
They mean it was written by people with out brains
Or is this just all about fooling your supporters who you deceive and manipulate but know no better because you’re dishonest to them?
Are you going to ban fingers?
Seriously, can someone respond, why do you not get these things? You can make a bump stock for <$10 or just use your finger and a method.
It screams you don’t understand… you have no brain, NOT that it’s smart. Why do you people not get these basic things? You claim to be smart
Dumb article. Stricter background checks after Sandy Hook? Shooter did not buy guns. Killed mother & took em.
I agree with you for once
Not to the party running the country! You'll have to go deeper than "No-brainer"!
Yes, the NRA instructed you to overturn Obama’s decision allowing bump stocks awhile ago. Why are you grandstanding & taking so long to act?
She claims knowledge as far back as 2013. Lib logic says this foreknowledge inaction means consent to blood on her hands! 4yrs silence!
America is no longer doing nothing. Sen. Feinstein and so far 38 senators are on board to begin writing gun safety laws.  Thank you, Senator
Bump stocks were authorized under Obama. #ThanksObama
The ONLY reason Japan did not invade mainland US during WW2 was their fear of "a gun behind every blade of grass".
The nation formerly known as America would have praised new inventions that made Americans stronger in a fight with our enemy.
The NRA agrees 
Oh hey way to go local paper.
Cut the number of available weapons systems in the middle of a perpetual war with Islamic terrorists?  Yes, truly a suicidal, no brain move.
SENATOR I NEVER THOUGHT BEING IN CONGRESS WAS THIS DIFFICULT! TO PERSUADE SO MANY BRIGHT MINDS; IS VERY DIFFICULT!
Yes, the NRA instructed you to overturn Obama’s decision allowing bump stocks awhile ago. Why are you grandstanding & taking so long to act?
Taxes too high in California NO BRAINER!!!!!!
Since u have no brain that would make sense
How about we talk about a ban on gas operated rifles except for military/police use ?
Passing CCR is a no brainier too.
A no brainer for those who seem to not have what they have iornically mentioned
A no-brainer for the GOP is still a tall order
If it's such a no-brainer, why did Obama's ATF approved them?
Please stop@talkin showing ur ignorance! Its sure not helpin ur career
This is all you're talking about. Congress gets NOTHING done! Try the 287 bills that are already past by the house.
Is the Fresno Bee an expert on firearms?
The ATF said it's not illegal...
