DEMOCRATS YOU DON'T GET IT, STOP WHINING! What's your plan, why is it better & how will you get Republicans to work with you to GET IT DONE!
It’s not whining. It’s concerning. You don’t get it, do you?!
Well Rob, I can’t speak for anyone else but I began criticizing Trump way before thoughts of running for office entered his head! BAA BAA
The rich getting a tax cut is good for the economy and middle-class doesn't pay for it. Stop lying, stop resisting, enjoy now, u r gone soon
Lady, you might serve yourself and your family well by considering a different news source. Negligible benefit for middle class.
Benefits 1% of the population, unless you watch fox. Not arguing, just pleading you consider more than one source.

Why don't you ask on the floor to investigate the #ParadisePapers?

How can we do #TaxCuts when we don't know how muchis stashed offshore?

#ParadisePapersBeforeTaxReform
I like how your mind works
At the risk of sounding like a conservative. How do tax cuts help the deficit or pay for wars that 45 wants start.
They don’t. Although if done at lower levels it will empower those levels more effectively.
I agree. Just the republican hypocrisy amazes me.  It shouldn't anymore, but it does. I miss the days of reasonable policy debate
Did those days ever exist? It always seems to be a seesaw, with the fat kid at the bottom.
How about start by supporting single payer you corporate sell out.
we were just beginning to climb out of the hole Reagonomics and Bush Recession put us in.. If domestics for ultra rich do we get a raise?
Tax cuts should be paid for by congress reduction in spending like drunken sailors. Our government is the problem not its citizens
Eisenhower taxed the rich at almost 90% and the country went through one of the greatest economic times in history. We built highways and
factories and unemployment was at low levels. Executive and directors of companies didn't receive bonuses 1000 of times more than the worker
Then we had Reagan become President and he busted unions as executive and directors started receiving unreal compensations.
It's time the
Privilege start paying their share again and realize it's the workers that make the companies profitable.
You can disagree after you Rd fact
Doesn't matter who you tax or how much. We can't keep up with our government spending. All you have to rd is $20 trillion in debt
Well Jon the last Prez to have a budget surplus was Clinton. Hate him if you want but will we be better off in 3 years with Bozoleadership
http://www.freedomworks.org/content/clinton%E2%80%99s-3-trillion-raid-social-security …
Bottom tax bracket making <10k/year, goes up 2% also. You can care about the middle class and the most vulnerable at the same time, Dianne.
Agree, fight it
I think @TomPerez & @keithellison should be in all of the media blasting this tax bill!All voters need to be aware and call Sen/Rep to stop!
You know what else we don't need? Politicians paid for by wealthy corporations. We don't believe you anymore.  It's time for you to go.

CBO study shows that ‘the rich’ don’t just pay a ‘fair share’ of federal taxes, they pay almost everybody’s share 
Looks like it's planned to be paid for by taking Medicare/Medicaid from children.. STOP THEM
You don’t have any thing for middle class Or any one else , Dems are holding our pres back get get out of his way you spread hate your out.
GOP has no vision for the country except to make the wealthy even wealthier.  They don't care about education, health, or the common good.
Would you please retire already
Bought and paid for by big Pharma
Meanwhile, he continues with "we don't know how recovery will be funded." NOT by tax cuts, for sure. Thank you, Sen. @SenFeinstein.
.
The estate tax rewards people for being born.
It does not encourage Innovation or job growth.
No more free rides for the wealthy.
.
This is class Warfare!
President Trump sells out working Americans!

Why do Republicans hate working Americans?
You're crazy.
That's why her and her husband are worth close to a billion dollars
i'm sorry, but your record of moderate policy position throughout your time gave us leaders like Dotard. i'm sorry, but u must be primaried
Donald Trump & the 1% Must pay their Fair-share of TAXES #TrumpTaxScam
GOP will make it so because they work for the 1% and NOT actual workers!
I completely agree!
So sign over MORE of your paycheck, start setting a example YOUR all talk
Really?  Under the current admin.  that's exactly what is gonna happen. Only ones getting more after tax income are those $300K & up.
Prove>more jobs>Fine as Long as WorkerClass (No Middle Class) Don't pay4Deadbeat Dads/Moms forced2 Work&Limit>2Free ULayWePay
Heath insurance is a bigger rip off than big pharmaceutical corperations. Medicare for all. Pay a little more in taxes, go single payer and
Cover everyone from birth to death. No brainier! Make America great again. We should lead the world at this, but we can't even follow others
nations that are leading the world at care for all. Wake up America!!!
Stop this catastrophe.
#DoSomethingGOP #ImpeachTrump @GOP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @HouseJudiciary @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @PressSec @GOPLeader @realDonaldTrump FU
They wanna #MAGA Raise taxes on the rich AND take away all the loopholes and subsidies #makethempaytheirfairshare
Did you know @SenFeinstein, that the NFL makes abt $2bil/yr & pays NO TAXES! Does that make sense to any1? Did Bush do that when owning 1?
#IncreaseTaxesForTheRich
Why is an illegitimate fascist, allowing genocide in PR, who is threat to Democracy & urgent threat to world still in office? #IMPEACH
Liberals are really stupid.
Pass the damn bill!
Cutting the corporate tax is a threat to the cash stream flowing to Democrat Voter Loyalty Programs. Cut the corporate tax rate now!!!!
Trump said the companies are having the best year. Why do they need tax breaks? simple answer is greed.
Why are we talking about tax cuts when we have a debt of $20T?! How do we pay that? On the backs of the 99%. That's the GOP way.
Please tell this to your GOP colleagues. They ceased listening to the people a long tme ago. The reason they are on the way OUT in '18 & '20
#CrookedDonald
Conservative policy has nothing left to off our country.
But President Obama making the Bush tax cuts permanent. I'm sure you had no problem with that right?
Please resign.
Trump even has a lousy drive & cheats at golf! Nothing redeeming about him. Come on, feed him to Kim Jong Un.
Positive Leadership does not exploit ignorance with class envy
Stop!!! W the ALWAYS PREDICTABLE TALKING POINTS! #MAGAFAM
Why is our state taxing the middle class and poor by passing the gas tax and car registration increase. Democrats and there lovely lies.
Coming from you that's funny, you voted for every Democratic tax raise there was on the middle  class #hipocrate
Kudos to @SenFeinstein for endorsing the #NotOnePennyMore campaign. #Revolution #TrumpTaxScam
I need Vicodin daily to relieve pain. I don't abuse. But new laws are causing me issues. Stop trying to save the world.
I agree don't cut taxes in CA. Raise taxes on Hollywood and pay off national debt.
@morgfair the irony is that the poorest third voted for him to do it. #classicfascism
You would know....that's how you rob our nation...
More fake News!  The real tax problem is the spending by you and the rest of Congress!
Help Puerto Rico!
The American people deserve a tax program that truly reflects what they will actually pay. Time to get rid of all the tax credits and
Exemptions and create a tax code that isn’t full of loopholes. The Democrat plan to just increase taxes on the rich doesn’t do anything to
Simplify the tax code and eliminate loopholes.
I agree, but you need to retire.#corporatedem
I believe that the rich should pay more taxes as the rest of the people really need more help and we live in a democracy.
Who pays the taxes these days?  You can't cut taxes that don't exist.
Morally bankrupt GOP(Gov't of Putin) tax cut budget based on Reagan delusional trickle benefits. Sam Brownback, does it work in Kansas?
Please you have served the country honorably and gotten rich. Please step aside now and let us build a society to be proud of. W/o corp rule
We don't need them taking away the personal exemption in exchange for higher standard deduction. Bait and switch is how it sounds to me!
I thought we had a 'Tea Party' over this shit way back when. Our 'representation' is not representing us!


Feinstein is wealthy as her husband got non-bid contract from govt to sell old post office bldgs and made close to $1 billion. Is that ok?
Corporate taxes of 35% are the highest in the civilized world.Reducing the tax to 30% & will allow corporations to hire new employees. Great
Take last yrs tax return,on page 2, double standard deduction amount to see what your taxes would have been last yr. Middle class benefits..
This plan doesn't do that & she is being political. Avg Middle class makes $55k. Plan doubles std deduction, more take home,less taxes...
Everyone needs a tax cut! You clowns need to quit spending so much friggin money!
@BryanDawsonUSA FIGHT IT SENATOR!!!!
#ImpeachTrump
Please tell the truth and stop attempting to deserve.
Don't agree.
do Senators need taxpayers to pay their health insurance???
A zillion RT's!!!#NotOnePennyMore
I am retired school administrator. New tax proposal will raise my income tax. Is this helping the “middle class “?Or have I become RICH ???
I finally agree with you on one point, so do us a favor, and remove tax exempt status from the NFL franchises, you will make millions.
We need a new election system to get back to a democracy.  Every citizen votes. We need to put integrity first in choosing leaders.
Liar, liar pants on fire. RETIRE!
#NotOnePenny
How can anyone think the tax reform plan benefits anyone but the uber rich? Gary Cohn sez we can buy a new car or kitchen for $1000!  Right!
Only way to grow economy is to get Gov off businesses backs. Inconvenient truth!
@mclozano1111 WORST thing is-they still want to kill medicaid-IS domestic terrorism..
We need the #RobinwoodTax  Senator
We need to impeach this nutcase. He is killing Americans from golf course.
We need 16 to impeach him , Cummings Kamala Ted Velasco makes 4 maybe You make the 5 ?
What do you mean 16? It's really about the GOP in Senate & House.
@frkmgnt1 race and class sad to see thats all dems can say
Cut taxes across the board. Taxpaying Americans want the money they earned. You are all parasites that are killing the host.
Since your networthis around 42 million, what is your idea of fair? That is why not pay 30% of your networth, not what you earn. Great influx of new money from old money
The sad part is she knows she is lying!!
No I just don't waste my time arguing with Trump supporters. He's got u so snowed u will come up with anything to justify his actions
I'm not a blind Trump follower.There R things he does I'm not happy with BUT Conservative Supreme Ct.,Sronger Military&economy,tax reform
Like you Dem talking points are getting old. You have been in office since Lincoln and done absolutely nothing to help the middle class.
Can you say you don't need a tax cut
I certainly do agree!
Reaganomics killed our economy, Bush 1 suffered. Bush 2 doubled down, again killing our economy. KS is suffering. Trickle down @ work
Says the Career politician With a net worth of almost 42 MILLION Dollars.
Is the poor who feels it now the middle class and the rich gets richer
Boo!!!!! We all want our taxes cut! This bill cuts my taxes and everyone else's too! C'mon Dianne enough with the age old argument! Relief!
RT if you AGREE: Resignation isn’t enough. Tom Price owes the U.S. government and taxpayers $1 million dollars. He must pay back every cent.
#Notanotherredcent
That is ludicrous
This plan looks intent on raising taxes through elimination of state tax deductions.
Did not work under Reagan. Will not work now.
Better to frame this from a historic perspective. Wealthy tax breaks have never had the effect Rs claim. Plenty of evidence exists. Use it.
I'm taking a deduction for my mental state.
I agree 100%
@POTUS The trickle-down economics is not going to trickle
Make Multinational Corporation's & Billionaires like Trump pay their federal taxes
@POTUS The trickle-down economics is not going to trickle
Make Multinational Corporation's & Billionaires like Trump pay their federal Taxes
You should know, Senator!  You have become rich on the backs of the middle class.  RetireNow!
Until you abide by the US Constitution, use the healthcare system you voted for and insist I use, you are in no position to tell me anything
It’s trickle down economics proposed by USC professor Dr. Arthur Laffer
HOPE wing: H real affordable health care RAHA  O jobs that pay well P medicare medical P people military E Environment Clean+Education
. @GOP old standard #TrickleDown economics has NEVER WORKED!  It's reverse Robin Hood. steal from the poor and give to already rich.
ABSOLUTELY RIGHT!!!!
That's not how he's selling it to his uneducated base that think he gives a rats ass about them @TeamTrump
Do something about this president!  THAT is the issue right now!
Him and the rest of his cabinet needs to resign, yesterday isn't soon enough for me.
We've seen trickle down before..it didn't work.   Companies take their tax breaks and give them out at dividends to share owners.
Republican tax plan hurts California residents due to state taxes & high property value (interest). Families with kids get screwed too.
So get new state legislators who wont tax your right to breath....  49 states should pay higher taxes to cover CA's lavish taxes/lifestyles?
I also agree that Ted Lieu should replace you in the Senate ASAP!
Dianne, we know you don't give a damn about us in working class.
A poor person never gave me a job. You are a billionaire.
@DrTursha #Income is the variable. $0.00/hr-$0.00/yr is not a "Living wage" anywhere on this Planet...
We also need to insist that tax "reform" moves not an inch before we see Trump's taxes. Audit excuse, like everything else he says, is bogus
So you are going to donate all of your money?
I agree
Unmitigated greed, the GOP serves the rich 2 remain in power
Quite frankly, I've been tired of paying THEIR taxes for years!!

Look! All the leftist fools believe your lie! You KNOW the low & middle class is the winner on this tax reform. #LyingBitch
Isn't this your last year in California politics? Please God in Heaven...
Tax cuts aren't paid for! It's. our. money.
Right on!
Time for the old hag to go out to pasture your time is done get out and let some fresh minds in Bye Bye
Enough tax cuts. Our infrastructure is crumbling. College too expensive - education so poor we elected an ignorant POTUS
NO Rich family's DONT need a tax cut on the backs of middle-class. Why must they always lie!
What we need is a tax cut for the poorest, paid for by those with more - including me. I don't need a tax cut, I need to see better public..
services for the taxes that are paid. Better education FOR ALL. Better healthcare FOR ALL. Hell, raise my tax a bit if it's needed.
The so called rich are the ones that provide jobs to working folks
The richest Americans provide jobs for Middle Class. They stimulate the economy when not overtaxed. #taxes #economy
First-hand knowledge, folks! No one's richer than the Feinsteins!
We need a responsible and simplified tax code.  That doesn't mean benefitting the uber rich.
Middle class and low income people need tax cut.
They need to get off their arse and get an education. Nothing else will work nearly as good.
Single people the first 10,000 will not be taxed, married the first 24,000 will not be taxed. HUGE help!!!
I'm so sick of these holier than thou rich people. They put their pants on one leg at a time just like the rest of us do. #GreedyBastards
If Americans get a Federal tax break, States like CA will raise taxes again so thay can get the difference.
Richest Americans don't pay taxes, use every loop hole, flat out cheat where they can get away with it & hide money off shore. #45 proves it
The American people r absolutely sick of politicians like u. WE WILL VOTE U ALL OUT. U hav harmed Americans long enough. It's our turn!
Neither do corps. They already have a surplus of assets. They'll reinvest in job killing technology-people losing jobs to robots.
Or send jobs overseas so they can exploit workers who live in piss-poor countries...
Ur argument is 30 yrs old and so tired like u. Ur definition of rich is $1M, NOT SO. These r the people that create 70% of jobs in USA
And Senator, please no tax reform until he shows us his tax returns so we know how it will affect him.
Tax spending needed to build modern transport, water systems & electrical grid. A tax cut = $20 per week for families @$60k year not needed.
I just wonder how much insider trading and business deals your office and family members have done. How many tax cuts have you profit from.
If the government doesn't need the money, instead of tax cuts, send the money to Puerto Rico.

Agreed. Win the fight by proposing a large middle class tax cut. You do that, we will win.

Thank you!!!! My wife and I are both teachers and this "plan" would be devastating to us!
Thank you Senator. i completely agree and support you in this fight! #NotOnePennyMore
@SenFeinstein It appears your tweet has been taken hostage by Trolls.
I don't know, when was the last time a poor person gave someone a job
Balls!!!!
The richest Americans don't have any business voting on this bill... That means you.
Neither do the insurance companies you prop up with our tax dollars. #singlepayer
We can’t afford ANYBODY getting a tax break our deficit is sky rocketing and then they will use lack of money to stop healthcare, Medicare
I work a 40+ hour week for $10 an hour. I'm tired of barely getting by, while paying for their lavish lifestyle. #NotOnePennyMore
The minimum wage should be raised to a livable amount and indexed to inflation.
Then everything else gets more expensive and the minimum wage will have to get increased again.
Then why did you guys raise the national debt then
Then get your butt on Obamacare or shut up
just spreading more left zombie brainwashing tactics.Stop misleading people,shame on u. I doubt u r tweeting yourself 2 old
But you should tax Californians more. Like you always do. I never will agree with you.
What happens if she says to lower taxes in california?  Then would you?  Or how about for a @Klondikebar ?
Tell that to the dummies in Sacramento who come up with new taxes, tax increases and fees every 10 minutes.
I'm tired of being trickled on .  Ty for your support. 
