Thank god. I am over. OVER paying for every else's care while my family goes without. Get up and go to work.
One day you or someone you love will be in need of help & compassion. Let us hope those you ask for aid are like you and turn away.
My mom is in need and because she worked her entire life and was responsible she gets nothing. She has Alzheimer's and guess who pays for
Has she tried to qualify?
All avenues. She is just screwed. We are screwed.
New healthcare law won't help you or her, but will make life worse for more Alzheimer's patients. More people screwed, if that's a comfort.
Btw no healthcare pays for long term care BUT nursing home Medicaid. I am in the industry. I won't debate healthcare with the uneducated
And that's the funding they want to cut. To Medicaid.
Tour some nursing homes in SF. I have been in some you wouldn't put a dog there.  Elderly deserve EVERYTHING. Do not touch their Medicaid!
That would be Medicare not medicaid genius
2/2 Medicaid takes over. You may call it something else in your state.  Medical?? Appreciate if you could comment without an insult...
You call it what you want. Medicaid is welfare and it's not a retirement plan. It's to supplement income for hard times.
Another thought....ask a nursing home monthly charge. 5k plus!
Not my problem. Why should my check have to pay for their living
I'm sure you'll enjoy spending your last years eating garbage & sleeping on cardboard. After all, that's what you say the elderly deserve.
Umm that's not what I said. I said it's not the governments responsibility or mine to take care of your grandparents.
We paid $ from paychecks since 1963 forFICA and Medicare plus interest. Stealing our money we earned is fraud.
Point?
Good! About time people started stepping up and paying their own way instead of living off of others who work for a living.
2/2 Republicans blocked him for 8 years because of racism. See anything like that in the new Healthcare plan? Hell yes WE do!
Thank you! Are you prepared to filibuster by amendment? Your constituents are relying on you!
GOP bill doesn't repeal ACA, just ruins it. Really "Medicaid Repeal and Replace" and should be talk about that way
GOP Senate #HealthcareBill goes BEYOND repealing the Affordable Care Act. It ends Medicaid as we've known it since 1965.
Why aren't you working to shape the bill?
Don't think so. Ends Medicaid as we've had it jammed down our throats in 2010!
So you will fight like hell to stop it?! We are with you!
Healthcare Security for all! This is a tax cut bill not a healthcare bill.  Just say no to heartless legislation
So you're going to personally put Mitch McConnell in a headlock on the Senate floor, yeah? Please? Don't let them get away with this.
Dear Senator, I hope & pray that u can convince 3 of your fellow GOP senators to vote NO to save the neediest from ripping their healthcare
Medicaid expansion untouched till 2020. Phased out over 3 yrs afterward. In time for 2024 election. Let the people decide. #HealthcareBill
Medicaid is unsustainable program. U know that Feinstein. Medicaid would be best left to States, for their particular needs. #HealthcareBill
If our con friends run with this before the left does we will suffer a decade
They are the hidden element of President Obama's first term election they left him after not acting his first term
Install the one who who had a 56% coalition bringing libertarian cannabis  voters with him .
Make that known in older Americans will flock to us in 2018 repeal replace install Bernie Sanders until 2020
Their plan is to have so many people going into Medicare with the wheels falling off the wagon that it's next
What is same, what is different. What are your ideas? Write!!!
And why are they repealing. They hate Obama he's black they ar confederates still fighting the civil war to keep slavery!!
Lets not forget that tax break the rich needed so bad they made this happen too
McConnell's plan redefines a "qualified health plan" 2 b one that does NOT to include abortions (except for mom's health, rape & incest)
you lie so munch,no wonder you dems are such lossers
Don't fear change for a better America. Liberals have never done good for Americans.
It would be part of #DrainTheSwamp which you are @SenFeinstein 
He's fixing the mess that all you liberals have gotten us into.
#MAGA
Why don't you support Medicare for all?
Keep up the fight Senator. @SenateDems need to #WithholdConsent and stop this GOP fraud and treachery
We can't let this bill pass
No it doesn't.  Do still forget who you are from time to time?
Filibuster everything. Grind it all to a halt. Unless @SenSchumer doesn't have the guts for the fight.
Retire Dianne ! California is in debt because of you ! The largest Medicaid fraud in history !
Feature not Bug
#MAGA 
Thank you for making the GOB health Bill's fallacy clear. We appreciate that you care! @Michael36776349
please stand up in the Senate and filibuster; kill it by amendment; do everything in your power to make three republican senators change
No vote defeat #McconellCare #TrumpCare
And SS will b next despite this has been paid in2 by US taxpayers and borrowed by gov willy nilly 2 pay 4 wars, etc
It is not an entitlement
Senator Feinstein, my husband will die w/o access to his diabetes medications....PLEASE keep the pressure on!
Now I'm for it.
#CALEXIT, @SenFeinstein? 

I pay 22.65% of my income to: taxes (15%), social security (6.2%) and Medicare(1.45%).

I say let Medicaid stay.
1000 AMENDMENTS TO THE HEARING, THEY HAVE TO HEAR AND VOTE ON EVERY ONE, TO SLOW DOWN PROCESS.
We can't let this happen
Well, at least we can now peg the "Great America" they are trying to "Make Again" is pre-1965!
My deepest concern is that if this passes, it will either ensue violence from the left (out of fear/desperation) or suicide rates will rise
Stop calling it healthcare its name is deathcare
Please keep fighting @SenFeinstein.
Shut it down! I mean Congress, over this bill. Just shut it down, Dems. There is no downside to doing so.
Good! Medicaid is rife with abuse and fraud. It is the epitome of govt waste.
Please fight this Sen Feinstein! Throw everything you have at it!
Diane let me refresh your memory. Mitch stated when Obama was elected he was going to do EVERYTHING to make sure he was a 1 term president!
The GOP Senate #HealthcareBill is not just mean -- it's evil.

#trumpcaresucks
That's exactly what I said.
DeDe, Medicaid spending rises each year! Stop the lies and fear mongering




Where will seniors go that need nursing care?
thank you for all you do.
dianne, read it, just did, you demo-rats are lying to America
since you and I were drinking at a keg. ... I've been thinking about this stuff for a long time," @SpeakerRyan said. (2/3)
Not true.
Why are you trying to cover up #PEDOGATE
Sad.
Please help us, Senator.
#Healthcare not #Wealthcare ...
Someone tell @SenFeinstein that #Medicaid should be fully funded at the STATE level.
#HealthcareBill restores healthcare options.
We need change and we're going to get it now contributing Americans
Filibuster by amendments, PLEASE!
Mitch the bitch would just change the rules like he did to get Gorsuch rammed through. We aren't represented anymore. This is a monarchy.
What are we going to do?! My husband is on dialysis, while we wait for transplant. And they have a cap on his life, our lives 
If things don't change then I fear violence will be what's next. We are not being represented in DC. Last time a gov didn't rep us was 1776.
http://www.healthycaliforniaact.org/legislation/  what are your thoughts about this?
thank you for fighting for what is right!
