Who is going to fight for these dreamers who will be waiting in line with primary applicant from 70 to 300 years
Tell that to the mothers who lost their children to dreamers
To be eligible for the DREAMact, applicants cannot be felons. Further, immigrants (legal or not) generally commit fewer crimes than citizens
Can you provide evidence for that crime claim?
https://www.cato.org/publications/immigration-reform-bulletin/criminal-immigrants-their-numbers-demographics-countries … 
CATO is more right-leaning, but I think their analysis here is pretty solid
Thanks
I say no to illegal dreamers!!! Send them home and have them come here legally. Americans First!!!
Why don't you vote "yes" for Americans? Why do you hate your constituents? Why do you despise the Constitution?
California Universities have shown lately to suffer from stupidity, racism against American citizens,ignorance of laws&truth.Deport illegals
I live here. The hospitals and social programs are suffering the consequences as well.
Of course they are because you have millions of ppl receiving benefits and not contributing , it's ridiculous corruption
Shut the Hell-up RESIGN and Pack these Damn Dreams and DACA off to where ever the hell they came from YOU IDIOT
yea, Cal is about to lose 7 mill dem voters - - 

send em home

enact voter ID
If you were on the side of American children you'd vote no.
Congress MUST act 2protect illegals but REFUSE  2ACT 2rec. all American Indian tribes on fed. level! WE NOT DESTRUCTIVE & UNLAWFUL ENOUGH 4U
Don't act like you care. You step all over the constitution every chance you get. Retire already.
And what do the PEOPLE of California say?
I say Sen. Feinstein needs to stfu and gtfo ASAP
Illegal aliens demanding amnesty for themselves and entire family in violent protests and this is what You stand for? What about AMERICANS?
The UC system stands for its students, many of whom are DREAMers
And we should listen to them why?  Colleges these days are propaganda machines for the highest bidder.
Seems like everything is propaganda that doesn't agree with your opinion...wanna know how you call THAT? Propaganda. Smh
Are you calling me a Democrat?
Your "ready" to do anything that gives our nation over to socialism.
Of course U R. Dem.'s relay on them 4 future votes. We need MORE honest politicians who work for US and not themselves.
BTW ...
Are you sure you're a progressive/liberal? Or does that not apply to sexism and ageism? WAKE YOURSELF UP!
#Democrats #DemForce #LiberalAm 
Honor the oath you took to defend and protect the Constitution against all enemies, including politicians. Stop chipping away at 2A
Of course you want to give rights to people who are here illegally, and take gun rights from American citizens who pay your salary. #crazy
Washington Attorney General Bob Ferguson (D): “We are a nation of laws."  and  "No one is above the law."  Immigration laws being enforced.
Of course you are
Hell no American citizens first! Our children are DREAMERS to Dianne!
You fight harder for illegals than the AMERICAN people who you were elected to serve!
UCalifornia system is funded out of my tax dollars in CA , I vote NO , we already spent $27 on Dreamers education
State and Feds have spent close to $27B in CA, to educate these so called dreamers in public schools. they re dreamers and we re what dumb ?
not in 2018 , but definitely in 2024 CAwill be the state with Conservatives , and we will make much better than these Dem morons did
Illegals need to come through legal process
If you had only done that w/supermajority+WH, it would have been no-brainer to pass. So #disingenuous playing politics w/people’s lives.
Securing the borders would certainly cut down on drugs entering . Dianne are you ok with drug smugglers?
securing the borders would certainly cut down on international sex trafficking. Dianne are you ok with sex trafficking?
U of C???So what????
Can it be done without building a wall?
Yes...must keep the subsidies flowing to our schools!  Transparent self serving fact.
Have you been into San Rosa lately miss Diane? Hand it out, any blanket anything to fire victims? You know, hard working American families??
As a UCLA alum, I am ashamed the chancellor of my university signed this letter. People here illegally should not be admitted to UC schools
It must have:  the wall, border security, deport parents of 18+ DACA “kids” & no chain immigration.
You are not speaking for most of California. Get out and talk to people out of San Francisco. Come and talk to the central valley.
Humbly this 4th generation Californian say's NO THANKS! HELL NO. That whole university system is full of itself. #Californians1st
Surprise old 1 the rest of the US does not GARA about U and UR law breaking state
The rest of America as in the uneducated idiotic part of America? Because I'm 100% most Americans give a s*** about UoC's standpoint.
Well of course cali would
So glad Obama is gone and killary lost. California is broke because of free loaders. Wake up. America is NOW better than ever. MAGA.
Dreamers over fire victims, sweet. Expected as much. Spanish Senator, speak Spanish ! 
Much better than not even mentioning fire victims 
Vote on DACA!  Also vote 4 California to become a nation! California doesn't have anything in common with the U.S. Vote YES on #CalExit !!!
Would probably be very beneficial for CA and it would totally ruin the USA.
I can't believe you had the audacity to tweet this. Move over, your seat is about to be taken.
Try defending the citizens of this country first! So far you have done a poor job!
It's your Sanctuary State now. Deport and you will have money.
Just pay for our wall then!

Congress just a reminder of what Obama said about #DACA 
It was temporary not permanent 
No Amnesty #dacadeal 
You're the posterchild for #TermLimits!
I don't agree.
Build the wall!
NO
With the leftist indoctrination of students in our colleges and universities, that's not surprising. I wouldn't take policy prescriptions. 
Please succeed the country, dreamers is what you are! All these mothers grieving because of your open border policies! Left winger
We are citizens and dreamers too. No to #DACA and free loaders.
I think you have done more than enough with our tax dollars. Shame on you!
Protect Dreamers! CA legislature-$40 million allocated and universities allocate more. What about $$ for homeless in state, they r citizens!
That way ur lawn gets mowed for cheap right dianne plus the votes and donations
May all Californians agree to vote you out.  As for the Marxists in the @UofCalifornia system,  nobody should care what they agree with.
The University of California system agrees with you they're like you thereafter the money the contributing Americans don't want to pay it
@SenFeinstein NewsFlash: California is just 1 state and does not make policy for the United States of America. We spoke NOV 8, 2016 #MAGA
So wonderful to see that so many UC students are such caring people. They belong to the future.  Their voice should be heard.
Of course they do.  They’re crazy.
Add this to you "to do list"  Get Trump the hell out of there!
Really? Why won't they go through the legal process?
Are you actually that retarded? They're legal ffs DACA ensures that and it will carry on doing so even if you ignorant R don't want that.smh
Do it!
Have you read it, I have and it does not need passed as written.
Excuse u. Then why get a driver's license why get a nursing degree MD , chemist.   only ones cursed are those who refuse to follow our laws.
Uofc isn't the people who live here.. we, the people of California want a wall, and don't support DACA
woah there sparky, speak for yourself.
Clearly you want DACA enforced and a secure border otherwise you’re not American and it wouldn’t be law of the land passed by both parties.
#NoIllegalAliens
No Amnesty, No Dreamers. One Nation one set of laws. 
#DeportDreamersNow
