I am already punished by Obamacare.  $12,700 Deductible (family of 3), sky rocketing premiums, I lost my doctor.  You are out of touch.
Sadly corruption has been so normalized that the GOP brags about the use of bribes as a selling point. #thisisnotnormal #KillTheBill
That's how ACA was passed.
And yet... Ask why oh yes the GOP would only pass it if they got their payoffs. Corrupt then corrupt now. At some point it has to stop
The payoff benefited constituents. You seem to have missed point that Dems did the same exact thing to get ACA passed. Politics is dirty.
Nice try.. The Republicans would only sign off for ACA after their special interests unrelated to ACA were included. Try paying attention
Funny how that myth was debunked. Try again
And failed miserably.  Great effort but fatally flawed legislation. Insurance companies only winners.
Thank you for fighting for the ACA. Thanks to ACA I have coverage as a cancer survivor!
... at the expense of people that lost affordable coverage under Obamacare. You glad govt is picking who gets care and who doesn't?
I notice your profile, what if the president is a criminal, he is going ot prison, in the end.
If he's a criminal, I will support full prosecution and will enjoy having POTUS Pence.
See, as a leftie, I would rather see a hobbled Trump.
Some people would behead other people to feel taller- to the point of dysfunction. It's not hard to believe that sabotage is in play.

Senator, no disrespect but my premiums have increased to the point of me not being able to afford them.  Fix it! #DoYourJob #GrahamCassidy
The 'HELP' US Senate bipartisan committee was close to fixing ACA in part before @SenateMajLdr axed it.
Funny, that "turd" is literally allowing me to run my own business and get insurance #preexistingconditions. Your GOP sabotaged ACA market$
California is broke.
Work wellU have done everything in your political career but still dont understand govt should not limit freedom. Ocare=govt overreach!
That is probably part of #GrahamCassidy goal, who knows? #NoOnGrahamCassidy #YesOnAffordableCareAct 
RETAIN and IMPROVE
Senator, it seems to me that California is a little out of touch. 
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.cnbc.com/amp/2017/05/15/most-expensive-states-in-america.html …
California will soon be bankrupt. Like Dems. Are trying to do to the U.S..
So has NJ.
Thank you for your strong statements in support of the ACA, Senator.
I agree!! I just hope them bribing some of the other Republican's to vote their way doesn't work!!
Sure your state got a lions share of the money
Success!? Where? The er room that's full of illegal immigrants? Give me a break...sigh...
#Medicare4All is the ultimate solution. the ACA was a step in the right direction; but Medicare For All is the will of the people.
You can fix stupid
And you failed.
Let Obamacare crash and burn. No more buying liberal votes with taxpayer money
I wish Oklahoma would!!!
And people are going broke faster
Subsidies !!!! Do NOT constitute Affordability!!!  Open up the market like any other insurance !!
The ACA is a disaster! What R YOU doing to fix it? Criticism of other ideas is no accomplishment! Why don't YOU have an idea and work w/GOP!
You going to quit soon old lady?
They hate CA period
Then let ACA stand alone in California.
Could u explain CA's financial problems if ACA is so successful. #LiarsofAmericaRStrongerTogether Democrats have a load of BS to sell
California has done everything to make sure illegal immigrants get free everything!
By doubling Medicaid recipients in your state? That's your definition of success? I thought Stanford grads were smarter than that.
They need to make an example of anyone doing the opposite of what they want.
I know you won't vote for the GOP bill, but why won't you support @SenSanders and his #MedicareForAll bill?
Because she makes monet off the suffering of Americans. #MedicareForAll
It is a setup u cannot let this pass, vote itdown
That is what the GOP is all about!
I see many replies from those BRAINWASHED to think ACA covers illegals when it does not https://www.healthcare.gov/immigrants/immigration-status/ …
You are out your mind. What kind of premiums do you pay.
And yet prices are out of control and you've done nothing about that.  What Obamacare policy do you have Diane?
The only people using the ACA are illegals and anchor babies, Welfare and Medidaide are not a "success" story. God bless President Trump
Success and affordable care act in the same sentence is an oxi-moron much like the author of this B.S.
Why do you keep cannabis illegal thus alloying police to punish us with death? It's hard to stay healthy when cops shoot you for a 'jay'!
CA is now USs welfare capital... working well!
Thank you @SenFeinstein
"California" and "making something work well" I don't believe can ever be used in the same sentence
CA does everything to make sure NOTHING WORKS WELL WHILE THIS ADMINISTRATION IS IN OFFICE.  the STATE OF TOTAL LOSERS!
Calif should put in place its own HC. Rest of USA should not have 2 pay 4 Cali. B the first to have single payer, let us know how it works
Ur pissed b/c u will lose some kick back money that ur receiving now. U do not give a rip abt American people, u only care what u can get
Keep up the good fight. Thank you.
California has been destroyed by you and your progressive tyrants!  Move to Venezuela or North Korea and enjoy your unaffordable healthcare!
Thank You @SenFeinstein, For doing what you can do, about the #GrahamCassidy, Republican Health Care Proposal,TRUTH
Watching hearing & it's a farce! GOP only cares abt making rich donors happy so GOP can keep getting $ from them. Just RAM it thru!
CA wants #SinglePayerNow
I don't.
CA was only successful at spending money. A child could do that. Address the real issue! Funding!
So you keep it - Tell the ppl of #Arizona who are a 125% INCREASE IN THEIR PREMIUMS
And its still a Failure. But, you planned it that way didn't you Comrade. How much of the U.S. citizens $$ have you Stollen?
That's why California gets so much more money,to waste supporting the snow flakes!
you can't say that with a straight face 
It could have worked well in other states had they not undermined it to run against it. Make if fail, blame the other guy, win elections.
They don’t like blue states

You should get your own state plan then...the rest of us don't want government controlled rationed substandard healthcare! #nosocialism
They literally hate our successes and are selling a narrative that Calif is bankrupt due to.............fill in blank.
And thats what they want, to rub noses in it. Theyre small minds that should work to make ACA work and not just delete obamas footprint
CA is broke. You are spending money foolishly and with partisan flare. When are you going to learn to serve ALL the people not just illegals
#GrahamCassidy is a smoke & mirrors bill intended to fool the American people into thinking all will B covered. Shame on U @LindseyGrahamSC
Only success California has had is providing healthcare free to illegal aliens.
I would think so because you got more money than any other state except New York.
Does it make you proud that California gets 30% of all Medicaid $ now out of 50 states?
That has got to be either the most intellectually dishonest or stupid statement made by a US Senator. You embarrass California.
Texas wants you!
Covered California should be part of the hearing not the senators that wrote the bill @LindseyGrahamSC @SenJohnMcCain  @senorrinhatch
@SenCoryGardner hello?
You suck big time
You have done everything to pay for California residents at the expense of other states. Even if the government (tax payers) have to prop up
Only because California has soooo many illegal aliens that you want to insure.
Do you really think we are that STUPID??
#GrahamCassidy is a Death Bill for the elderly, poor and those with pre-existing conditions
You are a real genius huh?
Yeah, California is such a success...hahaha. The Highest taxed and cost of living in the Country. People moving out in droves.
It doesn’t work well and you know it! Liar, liar, Di’s pants are on fire!
You could have had real successes in you passed #MedicareForAll
ATTENTION
1000s are dying in Puerto Rico
Trump Won't Help
Even though alot is happening WE CAN 
Save a Life
DONATEhttp://Hispanicfederation.org/donate 
You call Obamacare success? California has the worst taxes of any state, and US Healthcare prices are still awful. #FullRepeal
Don't be a waste and believe the MSM and the NYP thats really pathetic....
Washington post
