Californians would pay more for less. According to @KaiserFamFound, a 60-year-old would pay up to 500% MORE in premiums.
California loses $30 billion annually in Medicaid funding by 2027, $115 billion annually by 2037. A real backbreaker for our state!
a Proposition which passed in a landslide NOT give Illegals ANY Benefits BUT you REFUSE to implement the will of the CA LEGAL Residents Sic
Coverage would be threatened for 14 million Californians covered by Medicaid, including 5 million children.
Planned Parenthood, which treated 748,000 Californians last year, would be defunded. We can’t let that happen! #StandWithPP

Good. I can't afford to keep paying for their healthcare.
You pay for it anyway, bc indigents don't get turned away at ERs. If u want to save $$$ and do the right thing, support #SinglePayer
I support government getting out of our healthcare altogether. The last thing they need is more control.
But sure, keep believing your democratically-elected govt is evil. Just don't expect to live long or healthy doing so.
please learn 2 read time lines and shun them.....Psychology Today on those who troll social media to mislead This one pretending to be black
Wait. So who are you applying this accusation to?
It's time the VP stop pushing out lies @nytimes @NancyPelosi @KamalaHarris @SenWarren
There are million without coverage now!!! pls stop playing with words -Don't think we are all stupid We look things up you know
And scare tactics with numbers i think now a brizillion will lose health care
Indeed, actually it will be higher. Why not go with Romney pls?? Is the if payer lobby worse than the nra's?
We are thinking about getting a divorce so I can get healthcare. Thats not right. Just hanging on to see what happens.
Also don't  tell me to go buy it. I can't afford it. 1288 dollars a month for both my husband and I
Sanctuary city, state and looser elected officials
You neglected to mention that those millions are ILLEGAL ALIENS NOT Taxpayers NOT citizens while US citizens suffer with NO HEALTH CARE Why?
California should disengaged from the nation if Trump remains in power and if Republicans continue to compromise their integrity/conscience
Ma'am who could give a rats ass about California liberals
#fakenews #propaganda
Legal Californians?
And of those 4 million that lose the health care how many are illegal not a selling point to say California's losing somwthin
R they calling it the Senate Healthcare bill with the sole intent that the senators will b the only ones left with publiclyfundedhealthcare?
Its not bad enough that we have a Russian President, Congress wants us to have Russian healthcare
Care needed to counter this "estimate" b/c @GOP & many voters believe 4M CA ppl U cite are ppl here illegally. Must PROVE not true.
Citizens want freedom from fedgovt overcontrol!REPEAL OBAMACARE DON'T REPLACE! Bld wall! PASS DJT BUDGET, APPROVE ALL @POTUS PPL @SenateGOP
If God can wake me up from a Stroke When the Doctors couldn't do anything I know God has something for anyone that goes against the poor
And if a person has a kid born blind, medical insurance wont cover it. (Preexisting condition.)
How many even had it 7 yrs ago? This health care thing is absurd.  Just another handout to break our economic strength leaving us vulnerable
NO NO NO FOR THE GOP Healthcare bill, NO
How about we review why you and the DNC are not actively supporting #MedicareForAll ?
I thought only 10 million hv Obamacare in the USA. CA has 40%?

Thank you for fighting for us!
Come on Dems fight back!!!!'
...but not if SB562 passes. What happened there?
Let's review the health care plan democrats made law. Keep your doctor. Make health care affordable. Neither has happened. Your a liar.
So?
@cffoa What about the long term effects to children? #UniversalHealthcareforChildren #UHCC
I know about lost coverage, but what does it mean for lower-middle income people?
Trump has to give in account to God just hold on you'll see Be bless
Under ACA 21m Americans remain uncovered. Best way to fix that and save $$$??? # SinglePayer #MedicareForAll
Good
We don't need a review we need people in the streets fighting against this.
how many of those "Californians" are here illegally?
Feinstine, you have anything to say that benefits everyone?
how many of those losses will be the young opting out since penalty is gone
Only for OPENERS!!!!
and eventually these same people might end up homeless, which is a horrific thought for me here in L.A.! 

Let's review the effects of your senate terms. Useless, lying thieving of California for the last 30 years
Up to?? U only speculate
I am the saddest human around thinking this monarchy is abandoning the very people they are supposed to protect
Why do you care? Isn't California seceding?.
I hope it won't be long before they do rob,
Govt Healthcare = #CharlieGard
fight like you've never fought before. Offer adjustments to aca and redirect focus from rep replace move to adjust a must.
If this is the real KR I hope you do run and beat pokahontas
Obama care is failing govt should not be in charge of healthcare two words Charlie Gard
Businesses shouldn't have to pay for healthcare either. So if you loose your job you still have insurance. Logically follows: single payer
Let's review the effects of Obamacare. If you like your plan you can keep it. If you like your doctor you can keep period. $2500 savings
How about we talk about why you passed Obamacare to begin with, and how many millions have already lost coverage because of it!  You fraud!
Awful.
Translation: Up to 4 million Californians will have to get off the government dole and go back to work.
I'm 59 years old. No ins. And have diabetes. Don't tell me to loose weight cause I'm not over weight. I just need healthcare
Sen. Feinstein, plz support Single Payer. No reason not to except greed.
Sure then doctors will not treat you because the payer will take ages to pay
We need to file a federal lawsuit, vs. Donald trump, this is violation to the constitutional rights, civil and human rights
Where did you come up with that manual (intentional)
You need to lose something else besides YOUR coverage.. starting with your position.
Republicans need to run someone who can beat her.  It's called democracy.  Lots of us fought to preserve it.  Your voice counts 1 like mine
REPEAL OBAMACARE 1st! NO SINGLE PAYER, SOCIALIZED MEDICINE, GOVERNMENT RUN HEALTH CARE PROGRAM, PRIVATIZE
Doubt this is true but I bet those you say losing it are probably ilegally here
I'm in Wisconsin and my health insurance just went up because of trump. And it's not Obamacare trump is screwing all of us
Explain that bonnie
how about single payer though
Are they legal or illegal?
Are you really 80 years old? If so go home.
The Trump and GOP Don't Care Act is an arrow in the heart of the core values  that define America and humanity. The world is watching you.
Obuma should pay for the 47% that are loafers and on the dole
Bad plan
Everyone who didn't graduate from Trump U is baffled by the absurdity of giving money to the rich at the expense of the poor and vulnerable
All illegals?
That's because there would be no more ACA.
They would be able to choose whether they want to be added a new medical plan or not
I don't understand. You are the richest country in the world. Yet no universal healthcare like Canada and the rest of the civilized world.
I'm certainly frightened @SenFeinstein. I'm disabled, on Medicaid. I'm making calls& signing petitions! Doing what I can here in CA to fight
Is that the Legal Citizens or Illegal Aliens that will lose their medical coverage?
Let's face it, anyone can walk into a Emergency Room and say, "I have no name and no address " and they will not be turned away.
How are they getting their coverage today? It's not free, you know!
Good Lordy.
Good. How many can work ? How many illegal aliens? We want all the stats!!! We just heard bout m/care fraud! We r positive of fraud here 2
But haven't Kochs,Mercers said they will not give GOP another dollar until bill is passed? What good do our calls do next to that threat?
Trusting you and Sen. @KamalaHarris won't let it happen!
How does a person deciding NOT to buy a health care plan constitute being kick out of the system by the GOP? Medicaid was not made for this.
Question is how much stock do the republicans have in the insurance companies
No more that libtards have invested
Keep fighting for us, Dianne!  From one of your long time constituents.

I'd like to see the GOP healthcare plan created with the stipulation that they would need to cover themselves & family under its provisions. https://twitter.com/sethn12/status/885945346165272576 …
Send the illegals home and you will have a surplus.

The republicans don't care! If they did Trump wouldn't be in the White House
BTW, in case you weren't aware, America is 19 trillion + in debt! Are you going borrow more from China to pay for socialized healthcare?!
Then default and learn chinese
TURN CALIFORNIA RED!
Q: What happens to all gathered incriminating intel if/when DJT fires Mueller? Does WH have power to destroy?
Bobby sober up
How many are missing jealthcare because you do nothing  @SenFeinstein  over 300 million waiting 4u to pass it @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems
Many would face bankruptcy. Many would die. Keep resisting, Senator!
You wouldn't work with @gop before & Your vote isn't needed.
Call your Senators 
(202)225-3121
American lives depend on it 
Cartoon credit Pat Bagley
Govt should'nt be propping up insurance companies
Fund hospitals & clinics that treat the poor directly
Others pay for services they choose
He wants to punish California.
About 4 million probably need to get off assistance and get a job to "earn" coverage!
So typical low info tweeter= poor countryman=non christian
Our government would kill people with socialized healthcare. Just look at the VA. #nodeathpanels #CharlieGard
Exactly gloria

Sen Feinstein, let's review why you have forgotten us?
