How about teaching these young women a little common sense..
Women who use contraception _are demonstrating "common sense"_.  So are men who use contraception.  So are people of all other genders who use contraception.
Don't spread misogynistic nonsense, and tell your members of Congress to do their jobs & block Trump+Pence's attempts to deny tens of millions of people essential healthcare.
So your OK with paying for it
Every dollar spent on contraception _saves several dollars in other healthcare expenses_.  Requiring insurance plans to include contraception saves everyone money.
OK where in the Constitution  does it say we the people will pay for Birth Control or your Health Care
This isn't about the public paying for contraception or healthcare in general.  This is about a regulation requiring private insurance plans to cover essential healthcare, which Trump is reversing.
Re. publicly-funded healthcare programs covering contraception:

Again, those programs covering contraception saves everyone money.  Also:
Why do so many people think they're paying for *my* birth control with *their* taxes? Um, I've been paying taxes since I was 14.
So you're saying that it cost tax payers 1.4 bill when we did not want to pay for it.

Or do more sucking that way they don't get prego
Thank you President Trump for following constitutional law. Employers should not be forced to pay for anyone's contraceptives. #MAGA
What do you need birth control for you support over 600,000 babies being murdered per year??!!
This is a case of the federal govt discriminating against women. @ACLU is on it. Please donate to them.
Please!! Expect everybody else to pay. Don't like it leave!!
No, the coverage has cost TAXPAYERS $1.4 Billion per year. Or nearly $10 Billion. You think that is good?
AFTER 3 KIDS FROM ANY MAN OR WOMAN NEEDS TO B FIXED WERE THEY CAN HAVE ANY MORE TELL THESE WHORES TO GET OFF THEIR BACK AND GET A JOB
Splain why I'm buying birth control for women. Women can buy their own or cross their legs.
No idiot it cost the TAXPAYERS 1.4 billion ,did you think it was free?? U politicians crack me up .
They don't care, stripping women of their freedom. Not this one 
How about co-sponsoring @SenSanders Medicare for All Singlepayer Plan so that these important medical issues affecting millions r covered?
It cost consumers 1.4 billion dollars a year.
@justicedems_ca SinglePayer would save much more, stop pretending to care, you are protecting the Health Insurance Industry.
What would Medicare for All do for every American? I'm asking for a friend.
Ok Einstein .
Ask Sens. Alexander and Murray (Sen. Health Comm.) for oversight hearings re HHS failure to implement ACA:  https://www.facebook.com/TheHill/posts/10155345840784087 …
So...nobody can afford the pill? Isn't it like 30 bucks a month?
Why can't women pay for birth control?  Seems mighty lame to me.  Isn't that why you say we need PP ?  Or is that just for killing babies?
Ma’am to put it another way contraceptive coverage has cost taxpayers $1.4 billion a year, let’s be honest here
Every single woman who voted for Trump should examine her conscience. Trump's action impacts so much more than birth control.
It's right that insurance should spread these costs around, but that's what's been happening, not women magically saving money.
Not to mention having prevented how many abortions, or babies who were unwanted?    Birth control is the ultimate in a pro-life stance.
...and cost employers that much more.  #waronemployers
Imagine how much money saved if #ACA wasn't a giant give away to your insurance donors that take 30% off the top. #MedicareForAll
Yes because M4A wouldn't resolve this and every other issue related to healthcare. You prefer the donor class backed ACA...smh
So who paid ? Cost somebody !
Yes and we are all paying for your fun. Will you give me a subsidy for my ammo?
"The ACA's contraceptive coverage req has cost those who don't use it $1.4B per year." FIFY #HandsOffMyBC
That explains why Obummer care doesn't work...robbing Peter to pay Paul is the definition of stupidity and you expect it to work..wow!!!
It's also prevented abortions.
Know it will save the US taxpayers $1.4 Billion a year. Much better use of our money. It's not the Federal Governments $$$ it's ours.
Why, that would be over $2 billion in Man Dollars!
It's really unclear why @POTUS  and @VP despise women so very much.
They don't they Love America and Freedom and Less tyranny.
This is what men and silly women do!!  Viagra and Cialis is still covered!! Abortion illegal!! Anybody see a pattern of control here?
TRump hates women. Always has. E.D. had a lot to do with it from a young age.
How is it that taxpayers need to subsidize anyone's contraceptives? Seriously? If you want to get laid go buy your own protection.
Before you take off your big girl pants, put on you’re big girl pants, and pay for your birth control.
Obama's health care law sucks
Viagra was covered? Really not according to my insurance coverage. Do I have a claim or are you just another uninformed?
Has not saved this woman beyond childbearing age..my premiums are house payment high  to pay for theirs.
And the contraceptive coverage requirement has prevented countless abortions. This will lead to more. #HandsOffMyBC
Saved some women and cost others with sky high premiums...
@thewanreport OK, but who’s paying for it?  It’s not free.  That’s right, everyone else is paying for it, except you, exempt
How are you going to fight for us @sendianneFinstein ? #ActionNotTweets
Then it will save insurance premiums $1.4 billion a year.
Wonder how much it has saved insurance companies in birth related expenses?
It's absurd that any anti-abortion politician fights against birth control which could reduce the overall demand for abortions.
What if we just call it something other than birth control? There would be off-label issues to deal with but no "pro-life" objections.
Hypocrites. They're pro life and adamant about saving life of a fetus but yet they abandon 9 mill children on Medicaid
No the parents of those children did that. Personal Responsibility. That's what America is.
Where in constitution is it written that Fed Gov job is 2 tax me so women can save 1.4 billion $ year ?  Damn Socialist Leave people alone
dam republicans stop being so selfish and learn to work together and do what's BEST FOR EVERYONE, not just yourselves
None of that matters to the GOP, aka the Christian Taliban.
Be personally responsible for your own sexual activity!  It is not the responsibility of taxpayers to finance your sexual activities.
Tax payers are not funding birth control, the women are paying for their own insurance.
astounding #
Common Sense dictates that employers should provide all manner of health care for their employees. #commonsense
Only dictators dictate.
Common Sense dictated by collective. Closest actualization of socialism that will ever work successfully.
But it's killing the rest of us thankyou. Blow it up, people should want it not be forced to pay for it
Viagra paid  
Birth control no  
Abortion pill no 
20 week abortion max 
5:1 men vs women make laws
Viragra NOT PAID YOU are drinking the KOOK AID of the day
So angry,do you need to get some???
ACA is yet another tax bourdon on the American people that doesn't save anyone any money.
I guess the men who want to have sex will have to pay for the birth control, for those women who can't afford it.

But it wasn't FREE!  Typical Democrat propaganda.  FREE to them just means someone else paid for it 
When will @GOP, @RealDonaldTrump and all their evangelical supporters demand that Viagra is coverage is rescinded? That only seems fair.
Viagra is NOT a form of birth control & employers are NOT REQUIRED to pay for it. Try to keep up.
Which women? Not those of us paying for it!!
Dang girl that's a lot of sex. Explains why every week there are multiple stories about teachers being arrested for sex with teenagers. Humm
And how much did it cost the tax payers nothing in this world is free someone  pays for it
How much has it saved men? We are equal right?
He hates women. Mommy issues!
They need to start paying their own way, so keep your slimy, corrupt hands out of my pocket.
It seems like Pennsylvania congressman Tim Murphy would have been for this.
@RepTimMurphy needs birth control.
Pay for it themselves or don't have sex.
Thank You, for the enlightenment,@SenFeinstein 
https://twitter.com/ahamiltonspirit/status/916418534766411777 …
At the taxpayers expense
