75%are living in low income housing. How much in benefits are they taking away from poor American children.
Proof?
And succeeding
Miller has a plan to stop it. Watch out for that creep in the WH.
WHAT ABOUT THE LEGAL AMERICAN YOUTH, WHO SPEAKS OUT FOR THEM? DONALD J TRUMP DOES, HE IS A LEADER, YOU ARE A KISS AS* FOLLOWER!
Really. 21%, ended up dropping out of high school, leaving them without any education beyond the eighth grade.
Stopping the NEXT wave of potential border crossers is essential; otherwise, you are advocating never-ending amnesty.
All you care about is the votes you can fetch so you can stay in office and profit from the poor because you are a #povertypimp
Dreamers are not Hostages! #WeThePeople demand stand alone DACA bill. .@GOP Congress, #dotherightthing #DefendDACA
They can.  In their OWN country.  They do not belong in the United States and had PLENTY of chances to stay.  You need thrown off.
Should of thought about that along time ago

Please do not retire... We need you so much.... Now more than ever....
Copy That! 
VEGAS FIRE SUPPRESSION SYSTEM?
DACA is not even a licit law. Made up entirely by Obozo.
Then they should apply for citizenship Da you think thought you knew our laws in this country
U're a disgrace. #SanctuaryState CA doesn't represent America. U stole the state by importing foreigners. #DACA represents  not . So...
Please speak for legal immigrants in decades long backlogs also. Do the right thing @SenFeinstein .
Young people whose families came here or sent them here seeking a better life for them
Where are your comments regarding todays changes to OCare that affect Citizens??
Any 1 old enough 2 legally copulate is old enough 2 pay 4 their own birth control! In whatever form they choose.No 1 else should pay a dime!
Speaking is empty in these times.  Join Rep Green and focus on ousting this unfit, dangerous man; Corker told America Congress knows.
Hahahaha. You lose
The entire country wishes you would stop speaking completely
Thank you for speaking and protecting #DACA #DACA youth.
Why don’t you THINK about the American citizens! Anti-American NWO commie!
Trump has already said he wants them to stay but to do it legally. So why are you on the stump about it? Stoking the Culture war?  Just Stop
Thanks for speaking from our hearts.
Veterans want their children and grandchildren DNA in hand still not able to come here. Let's help the 1/2 Americans first. Blood AMERICANS
ok and when their parents get deported are you gonna cry about breaking up families?
All you concerned with is creating enough liberal welfare food stamp voters to insure every election,
Importing our enemies for vote, tearing down our borders for votes, No concern for the drugs and guns coming through open borders
Then Y R so many rowdy, violent & destructive? They can demonstrate but not block streets, attack CITIZENS and expect support or sympathy!
Yes they can contribute to their socities. CA has already spent close to $27B on publicly educating them . No illegal immigration
Supporting DACA to the detriment of CA citizens by allowing state to be a sanctuary for MS-13 and Cartels. 
#CAisPrey2Illegals
#CaliPatriots
Maybe you can help get them back to their home countries so they are not getting into the US ahead of law-abiding immigrants.
And you won't stop being labeled a crazy woman who needs a stronger man to put her in check
How about speaking out for the americans that are law abiding citizens and having to pay these high health premiums. Most daca have medicaid
Why not help the lost generations in the poverty areas,or do the DACA replace them for opportunities
Follow our laws and deport these illegals.   We do not OWE them Nothing.  Americans have dreams, too.   Democrats are anti-America
When are you going to speak out what harms illegals are doing to the black communities. When are you going to talk about our children dreams
You're so self-centered Dianne Feinstein no respect for people who live here
Dianne, when you stop trying to sabotage America’s future by short-circuiting the process for citizenship everyone else EARNED, THEN speak.
You should want to defend the laws that currently govern our land rather than encourage law-breaking.
Many R looking 2 succeed U however want 2 violate Law 4 them & have taxpayers support them
They aren’t that young and they take more then they give.
*Than. Can’t even spell correctly and you want others to take your opinion on DACA in a serious manner.
they arrived here illegally, follow the rule of law.
They arrived here as children. Get over yourself, seriously.
These young ppl r needed 4their own countries 2succeed.Plz focus on our youth.R citizens.They need us now more than ever! America's Dreamers
By the looks of it, someone really needed to focus on properly educating you...
1st lesson- DO NOT BREAK LAWSNot fair 2 all that got in line 2 follow the process. 1st step 4 youth 2 grow up
Is this all you ever think about?
then they should just apply for citizenship! Seriously why aren't they and their families? Freebies stop? I'm paying for my education!
And I won't stop voting for officials who enforce current immigration laws versus promising to break them.
#EndDACA
I say Parasite and not pay taxes also now that @JerryBrownGov is trying to make Calif a #SanctuaryState you will reap all the illegals>enjoy
There was a Deadline Date days ago for many #DACA immigrants, The need for your continued fight for #DACA youths is demanding.@SenFeinstein
Well maybe they can fill out the proper paperwork and become a legal citizen just like everybody else
Thank you @SenFeinstein
U didn’t speak out for Kate’s family when murdered in your sanctuary cities
You keep that up but don't forget about Kate!
Are you going to do expanded background checks on them also???
So are homeless veterans except Senators like you would prefer to spend 135 billion per year on illegal aliens. Imagine how this would help
I'm certain that every single DACA youth is a better person than the POTUS.
NOPE
American children should be your priority. Can't believe you Dems spend so much time and taxpayer money on illegal aliens. Shameful.
They need to do the paperwork learn english and get legal they broke the law by entering illegally and we shouldnt be paying for thm
Good Senator. I need your help.  I'm on death row for killing an American. Im a Dreamer. Get me out of prison please.
SO Feinstein WHY arent they going through the hoops to become legal??? It's simple theyre NOT going to just walz into our country.
Can't wait to have you invite them on for a press event, ask @NancyPelosi how it went for her
Get rid of them!
Thank you, I don’t want you to stop speaking out for our DACA citizens
DACA illegals aren't "citizens!"
Thank you, Senator for your wholehearted efforts in this good cause. Please keep our Congress alive.
Your so full of s____ kid's theses day's are super lazy and absolutely no work ethics what so ever daca has destroyed our youth in schools
It's apparent that you know nothing about DACA. Look it up.
Speech + 45 + tone = repugnant.
They can do that where their not stealing my money. K thanks.
I know Frankenstein, daca means free stuff on back of middle class taxpayers for dem votes! So fair for America!
I hope they vote for you because LEGAL CITIZENS wont, we send you to office to represent us NOT the freaking illegals .. THINK DEPORTATION!
They had their chance to reapply  if they didn't that not our fault send them back
SPEAK AND DO!
Haha! 30k missed the deadline. Deport them first!
PLEASE STOP SPEAKING N START DOING!
Please don't stop. 
Keep it up we need our strong women. 
#resist
men forget they'd not be on earth if we didn't physically carry them inside us for 9 f-ing months 

Another reason to control it...birth
Why do you seek to dominate? Evidently you're from some new species we've never heard of.
There's no such thing as a dominant culture.  Just a few people with big mouths.
