Senator, with all due respect: We have to stop asking nicely like good little women and DEMAND what is ours. We want ACTION, not just words.
EXACTLY! Actions speak louder. He is rude & crude. Politeness is out the window.
I am tired of "rising above" only to have him and the GOP slash my Achilles tendon. I'm through with playing nice.
DEMOCRATS! IT IS TIME TO STAND UP! #45's tweets are offensive to ALL WOMEN! Go get him!!

Silver lining? Can see @POTUS's sexism/misogyny sparking reenergized, assertive #feminist movement w/significant broad-based support. Good.
Given demographic trends, @POTUS likely the last president elected by white men, & they blew it.
If 42% of women can vote Republican in '16, even knowing of Trump's virulent misogyny, anything is possible. I hope you are correct tho sir.
42% of those who voted...so more like ~25% of total eligible women (& men).
The voter apathy on 11/8 w/Trump at the precipice of power nearly boggles the mind. Clinton's vote total should've at least eclipsed Obama's
Agreed. But I know more than a few who did not vote because "there's no difference between them." Really? How about now?
I agree. But have you guys ever looked at what his supporters are saying. There is nothing he does that seem to alarm them.
Echoes of the arguments in the early '60s re #FreedomRiders, sit-ins, #desegregation, & so on: who are we? Who rules, & for whose benefit?

Tell your GOP counterparts in the house to find a spine and impeach

So you don't care about the leaders of our country being competent?
I do. That's why we elected Trump. Finally someone who doesn't put up with Dem & liberal lies & BS. The country continues to reject both.
The country and world continues to reject Trump.
And all of these morons that support him. History will not be kind to them.
Until you've risked coming home under that flag, you have no right to display it in such a manner.

Unappreciative Left Supremacist.
SHUT, YOUR"PIE-HOLE"!!!...
My mother was right. If you wallow with pigs, you begin to smell like them. Who smells worse - Putkin if Trump?
screw you Dianne, you need to do your job!! you work for the people!! @POTUS  is doing his job, you dem/libs are fighting against him!!
Yes, Senator Feinstein, I see you're giving orders to the President. How about using your influence in balancing the California budget?
We need to be more than appalled. We need TO DO SOMETHING. #ImpeachTrump
"We've tried nothing and we're all out of ideas!"
Pot meet kettle.
Not worthy of a response
Who are you? We don't Care about YOU being appalled!  How do you think Americans struggling without insurance feel?  Stop the Petty shit!
He is disgusting
Well you ain't looking too good yourself.
Amen girlfriend
he is incapable
Go Potus! Women supporters!!
he cannot, he's incapable.
He needs medical help.
There is no treatment available for him.  Seriously, look it up.  People with his level of NPD, megalomania, and sociopathy are beyond hope.
Pretty sure he has dementia too which sadly there is no medication that reverses this.
Grandma's doc told us that personality traits before getting Alz, are magnified tenfold once Alz starts setting in. Trump is dangerous.
It can also bring out characteristics not typical for them, particularly anger. My grandma who never snapped at ppl would get angry at us.
Which is more dangerous with Trump who already had anger issues. And with dementia the reasons don't always make sense.
My grandma got pissed that we were hiding her cigarettes from her and wouldn't let her smoke- she wasn't a smoker, she had no cigarettes.
Gotta love Trump. Be patient. He will Make America Great Again. But it takes awhile to undo what Obama and hags like Feinstein have done.
POTUS declared our independence from decades of DNC mind control. Teaching us to be free thinkers again. OO-RAH!
What kind of example is the president to our young children?
He's a fake president & fake human
OMG you're right!!!
You support this  Stop telling our current President how to act.
The most powerful man in the world took advantage of an intern. Character DOES count.
Thank you, Senator Feinstein. He didn't get the tweet that women outnumber men.
He discounts women all the time so no big surprise. The guy is uneducated bafoon. It's embarrassing how ignorant he is on anything w/govt
The POTUS is troll- nothing but a cyber bully who encourages other bullies. Not ok for a pre-teen, not ok for POTUS
I'm appalled at the actions of this president!!! Every single day!! Maybe he's doing this on purpose so he can be impeached? ? Seriously
Start impeachment proceedings soon! We are counting on you!
Or...
Absolutely!  I have @AGSchneiderman and @BobSMueller on twitter alert, so I won't miss the moment something good happens!
When will GOP stop enabling this mentally unhinged man and protect us from his words/actions. This is so dangerous.
He was sexist and downright offensive to this amazing woman too! He has history of misogyny USA!!
Amazing woman? How about traitor to her country.
It makes me laugh how your heads are constantly exploding. 
THE FACE OF #Democrats HATE AND LIES; YOUR PARTY @SenFeinstein #kathygriffinhatecrime #ShakespeareInTheTrump #CNNISFAKENEWS
Seriously? U seem more !angry about stupid Mika than u did about @SteveScalise  getting shot?!
Teflon Don seems to be able to say whatever he wants with no serious objection what so ever..so baffling.
He is SUCH A DOUCHEBAG! This entire GOP gang is the worst in history. #VoteThemOut
Politics aside, focus on the issues
Trump shocks me, but what shocks me more is that people accept this behavior. They must be just like him!
Mrs senator that's like saying "act like a grownup" he has no idea how to do that. He's stupid
Qualities desirable in a POTUS: truthful, compassionate, sincere, humble, civil, intelligent, respectful, good mannered. Our POTUS opposite
Psychopaths can't...they don't know the difference between right and wrong.
May be he doesn't believe that he is POTUS. All who made him the POTUS should be ashamed
Senator!To just repeal ACA will remove even more! Who knows when GOP would get around to a replace. Then they would have enough for tax brk
Senator...focus on collusion, racketeering, election tampering. He is immoral and will continue to damage America
@realDonaldTrump hes fake & didnt come with pres credentials 2 do so r cretins. When u elect the credited no such acts!
I'm appalled by a lot of things on the Dems side too. it's been a crazy ride. No side should act morally superior. it's war until fall
Thank you Senator Feinstein
I'm appalled at Trump's Twitter attack on #Mika
This is Crude, Rude, #Sexist, #Misogynist & completely CRAZY
But there were women who voted for the spoad, now everyone has to vote out his cronies then him!!!!
T Rump is a psychopath.
Trump doesn't know how to act like anything..hes the epitome of derangement
I'm appalled by the #rhetoric coming from the #Left that has prompted so much #Violence, including the #virginiashooting.

Overall this should get no news because he is once again trying to distract us from the Russian investigation and his possible collusion
With all due respect Senator, his supporters (including lots of women) LOVE it when he disrespects women.
No doubt he'll get right on that.  Maybe next Tuesday.
This so describes trump..
He doesn't know how. He is all about himself. He don't care about anyone except him and his family. It only takes one look at his trumpcare
@GaylaJensen If you haven't noticed, women are only objects to him. Sadly @GOP is agreeing with crazy behavior that mimics his
like not letting women work on trumpcare, trying to silence women leaders who speak. We are going backwards
I'm appalled that you are a US Senator. Thank God I no longer live in CA
Bill Clinton agrees with you, wink, wink.
@realDonaldTrump will Never Act like the president! He is NOT CAPABLE! He's Mentally ILL & Never WANTED the Job! #Impeach OR #25thAmendment
You're asking Trump to act Presidential? Ha ! you are asking the impossible I'm afraid
He can't & won't so #ImpeachTrump NOW!
TOO LATE !!! BERNIE WOULD'VE WON !!! Feel The Bern - yet !? 
@SenFeinstein, I'm no longer in Calif but still depend on you to keep that jackass (& all the others) in line. TY for all you do.
..and you represent the state of calipHARMa but don't listen to your constituents so clean up your own back yard and stop with the NONSENSE!
.@realDonaldTrump has no clue how to act as a grownup let alone president. The guy is sick & needs to be removed. He endangers all of us.
I know someone just like this.  Set ur boundries and fck him.    Resist
You will have better luck getting your cat to act presidential.
Ma'am are all the Dems still sleeping? Last long sleep we Dems lost the election to a self made maniac who was in bed w/putin. Tk action
Impossible request Dems need to stop sleeping and oust these corrupt people who are sabotaging our democracy
Unlike prior leaders,  Trump disses the presidency as a public trust He is more  concerned with his own image than  reputation of POTUS sad!
He is a narcissist and will never change.
I'm appalled by the violent  , PERSONAL, statements by Hollywood, SENATORS, and MEDIA against a sitting POTUS. Disgusting!!
I don't think anyone should hold their breath expecting him to act ANY different at his age (and foul temperament).
His mental problems make it impossible for trump to stop. Even impeachment won'e make him stop.
He came from a woman
Please retire.
What did you say about Bill Clinton's treatment of Monica? Nothing other than let's move on and do the people's business. Hypocrite.
You can't be something you are not.
I'm appalled also,but I am more appalled where he is taking our Country in such a short amount of time & by the Repub turning a blind eye.
He knows that. So many women to harass and so little time.
Agree 
He is. In the tradition Warren Harding and JFK, he's grabbing all the p***y he can.
We need more women in Congress and the Senate to change the narratives. Stop putting up with this BS. Stop being "nice".
What puzzles me are the women who voted for him AFTER the Hollywood Access tape. This IS the same man; hasn't changed one bit.
It's time for a woman president.
Dust in a Dress said nothing when WJC was stuffing cigars into an intern inside the oval office.
Diane, YOU enabled this. I don't care about your party, YOU enabled this by not standing firm against EVERY SINGLE bill, and nominee. YOU.
I think he's pretty mainstream normal. Not an angel. Not perfect. But human. He's doing a great job. Lay off. Ideology of left. Bad.
Yes. But are you seeking impeachment because this isn't misogyny only this is fascism.
And his wife defended the remarks. One can only wonder what type of adult Barron will become
He never will~ I, for one, am running out of patience.
* illegitimate
Those words are nice but DO something about it. Stand up to him. Put a stop to it now!
Is there not a job description? Time to let him go for poor performance.
But many women voted for him. What does that say? His attitude shouldn't surprise anyone. Look at his history.
This man in the WH must be removed for neglecting his duty as president, defaming the Constitution, treason, intimadation, obstruction, etc!
His base loves any moment of it. Including Woman in his base. Disgusting.
Should be clear by now - HE CAN'T ACT LIKE IT. Impeachment is the only rational response. @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi @SpeakerRyan @Cabinet
@PressSec #DFquote: 90%ofLeadershpIsAbility2CommunicateSomethngPeopleWant. #TweetSchmeet 6/29WhatUdoDi? ProductiveMtgs/PASSLAWS/SKoreaPrzEtc
Can't expect much from Trump and gop who view women as broodmares. Too bad these broodmares can vote. Hope they vote them out.
He has no idea how -- he still thinks he's starring on The Apprentice. When will America tell Cheeto McTwitterFingers that "He's Fired!"?
Unfortunately, he doesn't know how. He's mentally ill and he needs to be removed from office before he does real harm to this country.
Unfortunately, this is his way of "acting like it". He was unfit before the primary, unfit after and unfit now. #Resist and #Persist
Loving the uplifting vibes at NOW convention Orlando. #FridayFeeling #NOW2017
How about action @SenFeinstein ? Begin impeachment proceedings. He is unfit to lead and is further dividing the country with this rhetoric.
Maybe you expect too much of him. Doing his best, and this is it.
The man hasnt acted like a human being his entire life, he's not going to start acting like a president.
And yet, women are still supporting him. They don't care what he says, only what he can get done. Seriously.
To all calling for Trump's impeachment, give up. Not going to happen till the Rep. get the tax breaks that will break us.
Are you on the judicial committee?  What is Sen Grassley up too? And why aren't you speaking up about this?
It's not going to happen. He's 71, he won't change his ways for a mere woman.
That's why he needs to resign or be impeached!
He's racist, sexist and homophobic. He's not capable of acting like it. Unbelievable that this clown is our president.
What do they want, DNA evidence of Trump in bed with Putin?
And you are in the Senate! Get your House buddies to draft Articles of Impeachment and send them over. What is the Teflon!!
Really, I didn't notice you said anything about @SarahPalinUSA  or @FLOTUS when they are attacked
Don't hold your breath or wait for any pivot. Ppl who know trump like me have told you. Demand a phychological evaluation.
NO Ms Feinstein!
YOU ACT LIKE A RESPONSIBLE POLITICIAN & STOP @GOP OBSTRUCTION OF REMOVING THIS RUSSIAN TRAITOR
Stop the complaining!!!
Tiny hands can't help himself! #DumbAssPotus #DisgustingPotus #ImmatureManChild
I think we need to keep expectations low.
telling him to act presidential is not the point He lacks basic character and integrity and will never act presidential and that is the rub!
For you to ask a 70 yr. OLD man to change? You have started the CONversation we need to have! soon. "y.c.t.a.OLD DOG n.t !
He attacks you lefties in the same way you attack him. Get used to being butthurt... bigly!
You are a US Senator, elected by the people, do your job
He's done enough damage. He must resign instead
Impeach him!
I'm appalled by ALL of his statements
@realDonaldTrump ICYMI
You should all start acting like you work for the citizens of this country, not the other way around.
He cannot act like a president because he will never have what it takes to be a president
As my 89-year-old mother said "he's a disgrace."
Senator, he is unable to act like it and will only get worse. He is mentally unfit due to mental health issues r/t personality d/o.
Dem women know this. A statement like this must come from trump/GOP women inc cabinet; Approving enablers otherwise. @realDonaldTrump
And with this buffoon it WOULD be an ACT.
@TWD913 a leopard doesn't change it's spots
Amen to that!
Yeah. That's telling him.
Sarah Huccabee Sanders needs her ass kicked. She went straight to God instead of calling the SOB out as an ass hole.
He couldn't manage being president of a book club without a lawsuit or a fire happening with 10 minutes of opening his mouth
Your ire is understandable, but misplaced. Please be very vocal in condemning Trump's latest attempt at voter suppression. THAT'S SCARY!
@realDonaldTrump Isn't capable of acting presidential. He's not even capable of acting his age. He's a spoiled  6 year old brat.
And women support him.
So oppose him at every turn, Senator. He's worse for the country than Harding, worse than Grant, more dangerous than Buchanan.
He insulted a man as well. Why are you appalled at him stating she had a facelift? She isn't denying that.
What? So, DJT bashing Rosie, Megan Kelly and mocking physically challenged, Talking of shooting someone on 5th Ave wasn't appalling?
When will this senate acknowledge this president is unstable and must be held accountable?  HE MUST GO
He does not care. His base do not care. He mocks the disabled, lies about people, treats women like objects and still won. we are screwed
This is how he is - uneducable lowlife. Predictor. Mean.
POTUS had no respect for women...it's absolutely inexcusable and unacceptable!
And it is time for our elected officials to either impeach or use the 25th.
He's not really the President.
Were you appalled when he demonized Mexicans, Muslims and Black people? Spare me the faux outrage.
We need to treat him with his own type of medicine; he can't understand reason.  Not his norm.
No hope for him to act presidential.
He said he grabs pussies, why are you surprised!
I agree. But it’s not enough to just be appalled. What is Congress going to do about Trump’s denigration of the office of the president?
Lots of talk. No action. Think of the country for a change and do something about him!'  #CountryOverParty
It doesn't matter what % of the country women represent; his actions should be reprehensible to every single person regardless of gender.
Senator, when you say "You're the president of the United States," are you using sarcastic hyperbole?
@BuckBrook He insulted one woman who deserved it. Grow a pair.
Obviously..never gonna happen.
Just as bad is those that defend him and his actions.
You're kidding, right?  He is demonstrably incapable of any decency whatsoever.  Presidential?!  Never
4/4  so take that high moral tone of yours & instead of smirking & smiling when a GOP congressman gets gunned down, think about your actions
Senator, with all due respect, this is a stupid tweet. Trump will always act like Trump. You should stop begging him to act like a President
3/4..  I regret to inform you that a majority of women don't see this as "sexist" but feel like @morningmika ask for it and got it!
