Bulls''t. That was Obamas style, not Trumps. He spent his own money providing healthcare for Obamacare failures.Your failure @SenFeinstein.
ACA has allowed >20 million Americans to gain access to healthcare, & saved >100,00 lives: http://nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMhpr1405667 … , http://annals.org/aim/article/1867050/changes-mortality-after-massachusetts-health-care-reform-quasi-experimental-study …
AHCA/BCRA would more than reverse those gains, denying 23 million Americans healthcare & killing 28,000 people/year:
AHCA/BCRA would also greatly increase healthcare costs and cause an economic disaster: http://commonwealthfund.org/publications/issue-briefs/2017/jun/ahca-economic-and-employment-consequences … .
ACA is far from perfect, but AHCA / BCRA is far far worse.  So tell your Senators to #SaveTheACA & #SaveMedicaid or lose office.
Then tell them to support #MedicareForAll universal healthcare, which would resolve limitations on access to healthcare that ACA doesn't.
Ask Charlie Gard's family how they feel abt single payer?
No insurer _anywhere_, private or public, would cover the experimental treatment Charlie Gard may receive.  Cut out the false equivalencies.
It's important to tell R's that Americans have wanted to improve the world by uplifting people, by being generous with what we have.
I cannot fathom the fact that so many Republicans are willing to have so much blood on their hands.
You should be happy you cannot fathom that. Concentrate on the wonderful healthcare system that is coming into being. Now make that happen.
Single payer?
Absolutely, mathematics says the more people pay into system, the smaller the monthly premiums will be. Even R's agree with that. You have
It is an ugly mess. I am not alone in saying I am exhausted. Resisting is unpaid and exhausting. But I will #Persist
I plan to be in the front of the group protesting this betrayal of all Americans by GOP who treasure money over humanity. Rot in hell! ANGRY
That's OK.  It's only temporary, IF it passes; until 2018-20! @GOP will B voted the hell OUT! #ImpeachTrump #LockThemAllUp  #Resist #p2 #GOP
.@POTUS And the GOP want them to die! They are already born so they don't care about them anymore!

How emotional has this been? 
Every call today to a senator- on the voicemail I keep breaking down as I beg them to work bipartisan, vote no
YES!  My family is personally terrified! THIS is why I called your office, tweeted you and other Senators to STOP trump from being sworn in!
#SaveACA
I'll summarize the BREAKING NEWS from THE GUARDIAN: Natalia Veselnitskaya is Kushner's business partner's lawyer and he DEFINITELY knew her.
How many people know son in law hotel name 666 if u know the bible u know what this http://is.Scares.Me .We have very bad evil in WH
They do not care.  It is tax cuts for the billionaires and that is their goal.
@senrobportman U have betrayed humanity b/c of ur fear of trump or the high rollers who line ur pockets! After 45 yrs of nursing No CPR 4 U!
and your party's health care plan is?? don't say Obamacare, and for the thousand time what health care plan do you have? Obamacare?  not
Only pro life until you're born or have a pre existing medical condition or are poor, or old, or young

#MurderByGOP https://twitter.com/ShomahKhoobi/status/889708964241260544 …
Senator, Medicaid will be there for those who qualify. Protect our children from Islamic child abuse and illegal immigration.
SCREW THE KIDS! THEY CAN GO TO ST. JUDE FOR FREE. #KILLPOLITICIANS #GOVTREFORM #VANQUISHGOVT
POTUS is selling hope to the American people. What he'll deliver is trajedy and pain.
These are pro life, anti abortionist gutting Medicaid. Somebody explain that please.
"Gutting Medicaid"...how do you start an honest discussion? Not like this!
most hospitals don't take medicaid anymore. Check and you will see. Closet one to me is 200 miles.
Maybe he can step in to offer help like he did with 'poor little Charlie Gard', charlatan in chief @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
Nearly half of all births are at least partially paid for by Medicaid.  So now tell me why any so-called Right-to-lifer would vote for cuts!
Hey. Singlepayer. Do it.
Didn't the ACA take from Medicaid?
You have to wonder why GOP is so hell bent. It's because $800 billion cut from Medicaid will fund tax cut for the super rich
Most children's hospitals are heavily funds by private donors.
Also affects seniors who exhaust their savings, but still need nursing home care.
You ma'am need to be more vocal and do more than your doing. Other than your tweets, I see very little of you talking about the issues on tv
I would think that with some of the intel she's shifting through that hopefully that's consuming her time too
@joebloughed Thanks.
Let GOP take away healthcare.   See if they survive their jobs.    They better think twice about this
Spoken as a true elite
And they call themselves "pro-life"?
Weren't u arguing against government run healthcare only a few months ago? If u really feel this way then get on board with #MedicareForAll
Not to mention the huge hit to the economy if defunding of healthcare occurred 
Human life is way more important but GOP only cares re:$$$
Too many lifes on the line. If Senators dont respond appropriately after all the protests and stories then nothing will sway them.
Take their Medicare, their food and their education.   They don't give a shit about our children
Nice to know Trump had the Boy Scouts cheering to do away with the ACA today!  Great role model!
We know this. R u talking to your GOP colleagues?
Fake news ! Each state should be responsible for Medicaid... not the federal government !! Tell the truth Dianne!!
#SinglePayer .  Accept nothing less.
I'm worried about healthcare I'm also worried our republic will not survive trump.
This is absolutely, unacceptable. How can they be so inhumane?
It is a crime against the poor, the elderly, Veterans, women , children. It is a crime against humanity! It is on Trump and GOP!
It is hard to comprehend that children will suffer at the hands of policy created by a storm of House Members who have but to vote to repeal
Threatens all hospitals, nursing homes, group homes for the disabled...
Unacceptable!!!!!
Pathetic, always using child argument. America knows your scam. Resign immediately
Then why don't you push for improved Medicare for all?
Seen Dianne Feinstein, stop your scare tactics! No one's GUTTING Medicaid! Obama expanded it; GOP cutting back "a bit" on his expansion!
That's how you get your dictatorship up and running. Make sure the people are sick and weak. Can't fight back.
Why are you allowing Trump Jr and Manafort to not be under oath?
SENATOR IM SURE MEDICAID PAID FOR ALL !SHE IS NOT RICH! MEDICAID HELPS MILLIONS! IF IT WERE NOT FOR MEDICAID WHO CAN THEY TURN TO!
Who is gutting Medicare? No children will be hurt either. Again you are lying Feinstein like most of you Dems do so well
Watch what i just posted please Liz Wheeler
#Republicans serve their billionaire Masters only as they wage war against America's poor and middle class citizens. #Heartless #GOPRussia
SENATOR MY COUSIN JOSEPHINE* HER DAUGHTER JUST HAD BACK SURGERY !SHE IS YOUNG AND HAS SUFFERED! I WENT TO SEE HER SHE DID NOT SMILE ONCE!
Talk to someone that you know who will Vote or, if you vote on it, vote NO on repeal and replace! Thank you!
Please explain how reducing the increase is gutting anythng.
How is slowing future increases gutting Medicaid?
Please explain why the country is so dependent on Medicaid....
If Congress stops treating themselves as "special" then Americans can use the taxpayer $ to help childrens' hospitals.
Lies!
What's terrible is not being able to go to the doctor you want to and having a 8k deductible. You're  a fraud. You should be ashamed!

Karma coming
Untruthful
So make it better- DO. you took an oath.  Leaving people uninsured is wrong so offer your expertise to improve. America Man. Democracy rocks
Who is guttjng Medicaid. One breath y'all day we don't know what's in the bill, next breath you say hurting Medicaid. Which is it
And yet the president thinks this is a viable solution. SMH
I called Senator Capito. As a nurse, i see the need for my WV neighbors
The people with brains supports you, Dianne!
More lies from the master liar of California... Remeber her lies about ObamaCare or her lies about Benghazi or the repeated lies about Obama
Thank U Senator Feinstein. GOP equate medicaid  2only black people that's why they r angry.Medicaid is 4every race & includes DT supporters
Nephew born w/half-heart thriving w/ACA. W/o it no docs, no meds. Trump would kill him for a "win"
He's already dismantling! Closing sign up centers! Withdrawing CSRs!
You know as well as I do children will be cared for. We need to get deadbeats to go to work & if you can't afford children, DON'T HAVE THEM!
You tell them Dianne
Yes it's horrible but we need to not let this HC Bill pass. Don't be fooled Senators, House Reps who care about our entire Country.
Can we stop this madness?This extreme disregard for our wellbeing will drive people to the streets in rage as they realize how what is lost.
Everytime anyone wants 2 cut entitlements, Feinstein cries about the "children"! What about their parents who r being buried under Ocare!
It's Premeditated Murder, Republican Style.
Thank you Senator Feinstein for trying to help our most vulnerable.  I have an autistic son who will be without insurance after age 26.
Not to mention special education services which Medicaid is vital in funding. Thank you, Senator. #SaveOurCare
So many will lose.
Not fixing ACA threaten children's lives over the last 7 years. 

How many died?
Rs who vote for this should be banned from opportunistic photo ops at children's hospitals. Bill condemns children w/preexisting conditions.
Planned Parenthood puts more children in danger, than this healthcare plan will.
Also these traitors are dangerous to all Americans..save the date get these idiot's out of office
The Republican Party is intent on hurting the American people especially those who are the most vulnerable!
@SenateGOP & @SenateMajLdr believe that @gofundme is better funding for American #Healthcare than #Medicaid or #medicare. #TrumpcareKills
When was the last time a child died for lack of health care. Stop the political lies that scare the American people.
Without insurance You may not die but you end up in ER and get bankrupt . Isn't that great for the richest country in the world
It's also going to impact jobs and the fiscal viability of rural hospitals!! Keep up the good fight senator!
The Republican Party has been terrorizing the country with their threat to destroy the American healthcare system for month. #Vote2018
The contributing Americans will no longer be threatened and manipulated by greedy politicians
Thank you Senator! #SaveOurCare
#Healthcare
The cheapest plan only.
We're counting on you, Senator!  #SaveOurCare
You tell 'em Gretta....
