You're a senator, who exactly are you telling to take action?
Ban Islam
US was once England. Weapons didn’t help you then either https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_infantry_weapons_in_the_American_Revolution …
Which is why I say again...Ban Islam (keep both countries great) and I don’t own a bump stock so go find someone that does.
Ban all assault weapons. The definition of the weapon is in its name. Why does anyone need an assault weapon, except for assaulting
Just because technology advances, doesn't mean rights change.
Rights that u speak of came about during the war of independence. Which was with muskets. And the British coming. Once again why do u need?
2nd Amendment says Americans have the right to bare arms, it doesn't say there's a limit to how many or what kind of firearm.
So again, why do you NEED an assault weapon that can fire hundreds of rounds in a very short amount of time?  There is absolutely no reason
That's none of you're business. But you can piss and moan along with all the other anti-gun cry babies all you want, that's you're right.
I’m Canadian. I could care less what you think. And I’m not anti gun. I own rifles. To hunt. Single shot rifles. To hunt.
That explains everything about you.
A start. Much more than that needs to be done.
Amen. I will start...how about anything made for War & battlefields NOT be allowed in civilian hands? 
AR15 & AK47 come to mind
I would like an RPG to protect myself from my Tyrannical Govt—
1)Hmm, while I would love 2spend all day looking up alleged political parties of anyone that shoots someone; l have a job. Let’s start with
2) Just keeping cop killer bullets, AK 47 & AR 15 off the streets. We can discuss their political beliefs in a nice town hall.
1) I believe in the 2nd Amendment. I'm a responsible gun owner. But I also believe that there are reasonable limits on all rights. Some gun
1) As do I,  & most ppl—there has to be the ability to discuss something w/out the NRA dictating what we do as a country. Ask any mental
2) Health Provider about gun control. Your concerns are valid & are increased w/cuts to regulations on background checks signed by DT.
Just ban murder, again, it has the same effect. Criminals tend to ignore laws.
Banning only keeps good people from owning the item and bad people will get it anyway.  A waste of time!
ALL CRIMINALS DON'T RESPECT ANY GUN LAW. Stop hurting the good American citizens with your stupid laws!
Dianne really guns don't kill people...people do
Tell the truth about this Bill you want, which only has the words "bump stock" in the title, not in the Bill. WATCH:
after Australia mass shooting, they banned automatic weapons guess what?  there hasnt been a mass shooting since. GOP say nothing we can do
What about the Monash university massacre and the hunt family murders.
Trump is too busy with important matters.. like golf and bulling dying senators and abusing grieving widows.
Yeah keep letting the mainstream media lie to you. Liberals don’t want to admit that they are wrong about everything!!!!!
Speak with the city officials in Chicago too. Since 10/1/17,  32 dead and 164 shot. And 465 shot this year. How many bump stocks were used?
How many people did #CrookedHillary kill? Let's ban @HillaryClinton
tell us how many did she kill personally?
We should ban assault rifles, no one outside the military can justify the need for them.
I wish we could ban yo ugly ass.
Get to truth about the shooting. Bump stock didn’t kill. People did
But you said there was no law that would have stopped that. What r u?
You are a perfect example of the need for term limits. Go away you are incompetent and out of touch. #termlimitsnow
Absolutely!!! There is no reason for all of this!
#BanDianne
Do you have some undisclosed investigation report from Metro or FBI about the weapons used?
Your right, but why are you so liberal otherwise. Is your real agenda socialism like the overall majority of Democrats.
I don't usually agree with you, but this time I totally agree. I am a gun enthusiast though.
It's been seven years since you had a chance to nip the problem as soon as Obamas ATF approved them. You failed to take action at 58 killed.
How about you reintroduce your Assault Weapons Ban bill & call for a vote on it? #NotEnough
ごめんなさいねもう増やしても
迷惑かけるだけ！だからといって
知らんぷりはしませんこれ
が正常に戻ってから､それなりの　
人達に相談しますその時に
又Jessica に動いて頂きます
ごめんなさいね頑張って
下さいね又
It's been 30 yrs since you've been in office & you still only serve yourself.  U don't control me or my rights.  Learn to control ur voters.
Um.....no thanks
Haven't heard from democrats either. just like all the other mass shootings.  a bunch of talk for two days then....(sound of crickets)
republicans are NOT going to take on the NRA, would lose too much in campaign funding!!!Blood money!
The Dems goal is complete CONTROL!..
Why would a Catholic post something from an anti-Catholic bigot like Feinstein?
8 children = heroic virtue...
.
I don't believe she is anti-Catholic...
trumpbannonputin are anti catholic
I don’t guess you saw her questioning Amy Coney Barrett?
no
im 59 and know there is a lot of anticatholicsm...lol
in the air i've been breathing since 1957...
Jesus felt anti stuff a lot too...
Please take a look at that video.  Feinstein, Franken and Durbin expressed, “The dogma lives loudly within you”.  It got worse after that
which video    I need a little more info...
if they are Attacking, clearly, Catholicism   I will contact them...
I’ll try to upload a link for you.
The privilege of owning and carrying a deadly weapon must be earned by clean living, no ex-cons, no mentally ill people. Only good citizens.
The 2nd amend does not guarantee the right to bear arms for any other purpose than a well regulated militia.
More done with mental health services.  We need to make sure that military style weapons are not in the hands of civilians.
Sure, let’s ban this device.  If you think that is all you need to end this shit, you are mistaken.  We need universal BG checks. We need...
No let's just forget about it. Again.
And find out if this man was played to inflict terror on masses of people.
Payed
Banning it won’t stop criminals from getting one.
1)Can't you come up with a better line? How many of the mass shooters were already criminals? There are criminals in every developed
If gun control worked, Chigaco would be a safe place to live.  It has the strictest gun laws, and also the Hughes number of homicides
Guns come across state lines
If a criminal wants to get his/her hands on a gun, they will do it.  Gun control laws won’t stop them because they don’t follow them.
Blah blah blah  enjoy your weapons
repeal the opiate death law if you care so much about people dying. Congress is a whorehouse. repeal the freaking law hypocrite
We need to ban more than bump fire stock.
Impeach the damn president please
How about instead of trying to reduce the weapons we invest in mental health care and work to remove the stigma it comes with?
We owe it to them to hear the entire truth of what happened. The "bump fire stock" is of no importance. The cover up is! What r they hiding?
You're the reason why we need term limits
It's interesting how the tweets and deflections have buried the bump stock issue.
Politicians and their spouses should not invest in gun manufacturers or the machinery of war.
My gosh, you anti gun people are martians. You all owe it to yourselves to shut the hell up and learn your history. #dumbeddownshells
Cause that's what killed those people right? What about knives, hammers, trucks, cigarettes, ect?
Thank You Senator ROS
Thank you!
Ban ALL automatic and semi-automatic weapons.
Ban all firearms for private citizens. Guns kill.
That requires a change in the constitution.  Do-able, would be auto and semi-auto. Also, bg checks at gun shows and online. It's a start.
No, I  think it just needs commonsense ruling by SCOTUS. 2nd Amendment deals with state's militia & was originally meant to control slaves.
I agree.
You're on the right side of the issue for once, apparently. #VoteForDeLeon
That would have done nothing...I say take police protection away from politicians and maybe they would do something about mental health
Thank you, Senator Feinstein, for all these years you’ve stood up to the gun lobby!
Useless. It only makes it look like on paper you have done something. It’s a political move.
Yeah. If you can make a token gesture that does nothing to actually keep anyone safe, that would be a good start. Maybe do a hashtag with it
Literally the least we can do.
Get rid of liberals get more shit done that way. All liberals do is whine about what Trump does. Costing us billions in down time costs.
ban guns you old coward!
Ban Belt loops!  And rubber bands!
Oh that’s it?! That’s all we need?
We need to ban all semi-automatic and automatic rifles period
We need to ban the NRA from giving cash to political parties . Especially the Republicans .
Agree but we need to get control of the senate and House. Then maybe something towards gun control will happen.
Let them keep the bump stock & ban the guns
I agree
Come on Senator Feinstein...have the courage to say what the action really needs to be. Or does the NRA own you too?
Sorry Senator! As long as the GOP can make withdrawals from NRA National Bank. No gun law legislation!
Keep the stock ban the rifle...
Senator, is it really the "bump fire stock", or is it the loopholes?
Let's ban steak knives, large trucks, box cutters and airplanes too.
Please run for President.
We need to keep this issue front and center and not allow it to fade to bkgrd as it has in past events. @NRA.
Small cheese. Ban the fucking guns. All of them. Let the cowards find another penis substitute.
Molon Labe.
I'm keeping my guns.  The question is, what are you going to do about it?
We need controls that cross state lines. Having right gun controls in some states and not others is as useless as putting one 6ft barricade in the middle of the street. Folks just go around it and brings guns in from other states.
Ban assault style riffles too!
Do it fast!!! The longer you wait, the more useless it becomes as the gun nits will rush to snap them up first and likely end up selling them on the black market.
Ban semi-automatic weapons aka killing machines. Ban the bump stocks just gives them and excuse to not do more!
Do it. Earn our vote.
Time to represent the ppl who voted. Stop the partisan BS. Fix #aca ,comprehensive #GunControl. bumpstock bs not enough,MAGA #ImpeachTrump
No. Let’s ban you instead.
Will banning the bump stock could ever stop a mad man bent on mass murder? How about Fertilizer, or belts, work the same as any bump stock !
Bumpstocks are for people with money. Us blue collars use our belt loops
How about increased funding for the mentally ill?
Senator, don't just say that; tell us what the status is and what you are doing about it.
Help! You can do better than just bump stocks. We need #gunsense before another mass murder.
…thank you for your decades of work against gun violence. Glad you will continue fighting this scourge.
That is not enough. That is appeasement and won't solve the main problem. You know it, and we know it.
no do not ban any weapon,the rifle did not do the killing a man did, why don't you understand that?  get calif fixed then try to fix the USA
Funny, you want Republicans to undo what Obama made ok. Would you like to add Obama care to your list as well? You know, things that harm us
Thank you Senator Feinstein!
Im with you Dianne.  The whole gun ownership and ignorant people worried about not having guns is so silly in this country.  Geez.







Thank you Dianne










Assault rifles are automatic rifles, which are already severely restricted. Not a fundamental right. This is just silly
Wake up, common sense gun control is needed. I've been to gun shows that have no regulations were you could buy 50 caliber weapons & ammunition, grenades.
If you think that gun control gives to much power to the Military.
You don't have a clue.


Why you don't you just draw your paycheck. Congress sleeps.  Do your job!!   Work!!!


He is GA state senator Michael Williams
I agree, just wish someone would tell THIS guy
I think we need the assault weapons ban back, personally.
I would bet $100 if someone laid out 5 different stocks in front of you right now, you couldn’t pick out the bump stock.
If you don’t address the guns that go with them ,you are not doing shit.
I agree....what happened to the talk about bumpstocks????? Typical of the approach....
Bump stocks are not the problem, firearms are not the problem, people are the problem. Educate, invest in, and unify the people.
Unfortunately the nation has moved on to the next mass shooting. 

Current suspect still on the lam at this hour, wanted in 2 states...
Yes
Y'all are not going to do anything but tweet and act outrages.
Retire you snake
You keep saying ban islam as if they're the ones shooting up their classmates, movie goers and concert goers lol what a joke
I agree... Ban the Bump Stock NOW... What say you @realDonaldTrump, @SpeakerRyan , @SenateMajLdr...?
Gun are only bad when the wrong person is in control

Kinda pointless now. Everyone who wants one has one! Not to mention they can be 3D printed. You have to make it illegal to own!
Stop trying to manipulate our emotions. Banning a piece of plastic will change nothing.
NRA was ok with outlaw of bmp stocks but your law outlawed all guns showing your bias
the typical knee-jerk response we expected from u. Shame on u for exploiting this tragedy to further ur agenda. Shame! Shame! Shame!
Shame on you!!!  Hitler would be proud to call you one of his own.
Ban government propaganda
Hello  am Marie  Senator  Dianam here see you  can email me Ian ingofundraising mariaaunoer@hotmail .com am try to askhelpyou can email me
The bump stock is not the problem----banning it is fine----but the problem of mental illness remains.  Its proven that 'gun laws' don't work
Thank you
Renew the semi-automatic weapons ban.
How about sanctuary cities, Kate murdered 2 yrs ago and rapes happening all the time. Follow the law
Ban the AR-15 all together.

Massachusetts did and that's where they are made!
Every time one person commits a crime or atrocity we can't as a nation use that to take rights from all and be a free society
With That mentality We could've easily have said no more Presidents when Bill molested an inntern ! The nation wasn't guilty Bill was
Investigate the lieing FBI. Same as covered up Clinton/ Obama, Holder Uranium One investigation. You are all corrupt to the core.
We have more pressing issues. It's over you said it would have not a defference.
don't make me laugh, you hate our President and am sure you don't care about Nevada just mouthing off hate rather than questions
Ban all those guns that are manufactured for nothing more than to kill another human
We owe them a lot more than that, Senator. Go back to your roots -- ban ALL assault-style weapons. Civilians don't need weapons of war.
Can you define what assault style weapons are?
And also all guns. Ban all guns. Repeal the second amendment and ban all guns.
Stop exploiting the tragedy of others for your own agenda. Are you going to ban cars & knives too. I'll bet you'd try if you could.
Are you going to stop killing people?
It's happened again today.
We can do better! Ban guns, concerts, murder, thinking about murder, stealing, rape, knives, cars, matches! Ban all the things!
No senator we owe them nothing. We stand by our constitution. This is from one who had their son shot!
Impeach this anti-American. What an embarrassment to society as a whole.
What a waste of energy and effort.
Stop using a national tragedy to further your political ideology. Gun control does not work. See the example of Chicago
After viewing your lame performance today, time for you to resign!! Total waste! #UraniumOne
Dianne it wouldnt save one life
And still not taking their memories seriously by focusing on the tool rather than the intent.
your heart is in the right place, but banning bump stocks wont help
Well technically their “Nows not time” safe space should just b bout up. should abso have the convo. Like Y GOP mem handing out bumpstocks?
Good luck with a madman as POTUS
Yeh and let’s ban knives and cars too...smh
That's the least you could do. But this story has already slid into the past with Sand Hook and other domestic terrorism. Zero action.
This is like being $500 short on your rent and thinking canceling Netflix will solve your problems. We need bigger solutions to this problem
 Netflix is having problems since 09:30 AM EST  https://istheservicedowncanada.com/status/netflix?utm_source=Twitter&utm_medium=Social&utm_campaign=TweetReply … RT if also affected! #NetflixDown
You're the one with the vote, Senator. Don't really know what you expect me to do, but I agree.

how about you get the FBI off their Asses and  give the american people some answers  as opposed to the  shit show we have been watching
Senator, a ban on bump stocks is a band-aid, a feel good exercise. Ban them and go back to sleep, is that the plan? It's going to take more.
As the smallest possible response
Lmk when your colleagues buy their souls back from the gun industry
Agreed
How about labeling the NRA as a terrorist group? That would create a better long term outcome leading to reasonable gun control legislation.
Work on this first
Nothing will be done. Democrats need to stand up.
Why didn't you do that when leftist DEMs controlled Congress for 4 years under Obama Administration?
Bump stocks are not the problem.
they dont help
Why didn't you probe further about emoluments. Why can Sessions invoke Exec privilege? This is such BS
But the NRA said give America time they will forget this ever happened WE CANT LET THAT HAPPEN
That's it? Only "bump stock" banned? That's the best you bastards can do, while we are butchered like sheep by @NRA cultists? Really?
and the GAT CRANK, and all other devices that basically turn a semi-auto gun into a full auto gun.
Let's take security and gates away from you?
Seems like there needs to be a limit on the number of modern guns 1 person can own.
Honorable Senator this is a dead end. Better to put scarce resources towards fixing local gun laws.
