Oh we will be working on this! To show an ID is not horrible except if you're in illegal in the country illegally and trying to vote
Yeah, lets not I'd voters. Unlike the dems who I'd every last person who enters the dem conventions. Weaker thinking not possible
I'm sure Trump will try to find a way to ruin someone's life he can't control but good luck Judge. You don't deserve what's coming. ProudofU
ID for driving, alcohol, tobacco, loan, even to return merchandise. But not voting? O.K.
Third World countries have stricter voting regulations than USA. I am required to have driver's license for driving, is that discriminatory?
It leaves voter fraud wide open, this is just plain smart, why would you be against it?
yessssss!
Voting is not only a basic right but, an obligation!!
Don't understand why people shouldn't be expected to show ID.
Plz be safe #texashurricane! Praying4the people of #Texas. Why isn't @realDonaldTrump taking steps to protect y'all+save lives? -uvoted4him!
That's odd, we need ID for banking, booze, getting loans, international trvl & no one would think fraud wouldn't occur when voting. Umhumm 
People have to show ID to register to vote. Do you show your ID when withdrawing cash at an ATM?
No you don't, all those fraudulent votes didn't register the right way, lots of ppl we're registered with false information from the start
And proof voters crossed state lines to double vote!
From a Texan and Latina....yay for the Courts!!
Are you a US Citizen?
I'd be happy to show my birth certificate unlike Obama. He never showed his. Where's your birth certificate from?
This decision denigrates blacks & hispanics. They are smart enough to get a divers license or ID card.
This is getting old senator - time to face reality and keep up with security and the times.
Only citizens care where this country is going! Full of hope, God and prosperity. By the way you speak and all leftist speak = nation failur
Crazy sheriff is out and running his mouth. He violated the civil rights of the people of the US and was voted out. He was told by the judge
Not discriminatory is EVERYONE has to show ID. Clean up the voter fraud. Do something good for the country and stop fighting Trump.
Seriously!?!  I have to show an ID to buy Claritin D. Make it EASIER for people to acquire LEGAL IDs in order to enjoy voting privilege.
But illegal immigrants aren't allowed to vote.  I'd should be required
I am from Texas. And you are correct should be easier to vote  not harder
Easier only if you are a US Citizen. If you're not a citizen it needs to be IMPOSSIBLE!!
Why are you Democrat's against voter ID. Here in CA we need an ID for everything. Like food stamps, library card. Why not for voting.
Texas need to be careful when taking laws into their own hands. We need IDs to make sure that the only people to vote are citizens!
Chris Christie is a NJ problem, let NJ take care of him. We do not need more like him in DC never indicted so Not Guilty but not innocent!!!
Blocking Voter ID is unAmerican. Voting is for US Citizens ONLY. Too many nonCitizens are voting illegally esp in the southern border states
Why do I need an ID to drive or cash a check, but no need to validate my identity to execute one of the most precious rights of our Nation?
Easy for American Citizens.   Making it harder for ILLEGALS to vote for Democrats.  That sucks.
Why is it any harder to vote with IDing?

I'M A $30,000 PAST DONER;  CONSTITUENT; & OUTRAGED THAT YOUR NOT SPEAKING OUT ABOUT ANTIFA OR RESPONDING TO EMAIL 

https://twitter.com/AtomasVictory/status/878641995681378306 …
God will not be with us if we follow what you leftist want! Disparaging our taxes, abortion, our jobs in other country & open borders!
Votes should be non-fraudulent.  Illegal immigrants voting in SoCal funded by Dems/leftists. Stop encouraging voter fraud.
If there's a wall, nobody needs more punk ID requirements, even it there's been CSGs joining the RICO participation, at US riot locations.
Republicans continual efforts of gerrymandering is negatively impacting the court system. Needs to stop. #impeachTrump
I hate you
How about the rape insurance and running over protesters? TX seems to represent everything deleting civil rights!
Feinstein why are you so Anti-american? You shelter and protect illegals instead of the American people and Legal immigrants
Americans and legal immigrants have no problem showing ID, it's the illegal immigrants that don't and their illegal vote is Democrat
The decision is wrong, just like you on this subject! Just part of a bigger strategy to manipulate votes. #so obvious
I have to show an I'D to buy a gun.  Its that not discriminatory?
Anyone with a brain sees through the reason why states need ID for the purpose of voting. You require ID for people to see you!
Feinstein is part of the swamp that wants to control the American voter by propping them up with entitlements
That's because he is corrupt as the democrats.  If you make illegals show an ID then you will surely lose most of your voters.
But if it were easier to vote, then all kinda undesirables might vote Democrat, ending the GOP reign of terror!
Release Fusion GPS testimony to the public, please. We need PUBLIC hearings from here on out. The American people have a right to know. TY.
That's actually stupid as shit how is it dicrimitory to have a voter id I bet that gov gets voted out pretty fast now! We need voter ids!
To be able to vote you should need to provide proof of who you say you are.
The ACLU states that CA is suppressing voters. Please make sure we are not acting like Texas
That is insane. Is it discriminatory to require id to fly on a plane? Open a bank account? Buy alcohol? Why is the standard lower to vote?!
Take away driver licenses.  let's do that ..what do you  say
How does voter ID make it difficult to vote?
Some folks, especially poor & blacks, don't have state-issued ID, either bcuz they lack $$ or a birth certificate. Births of blacks...
People are not that stupid. This is just so to keep fraud to continue.  This is Bad for the country.
you need a finger print id to enter six flag , a drivers liscence to drive, and id to buy cigarrets or alcohol.  High schools issue id  too.
Sad. You need ID to work, go to school, cash a check, purchase a car or house, get utilities... the only reason is to hide the evil truth.
Couldn't just give out free ID's to everyone who wants to vote and ban the rest until they get a free ID card. What's next X's are to hard.
So anyone can just walk in and vote now?  And how many times?  Is this how Dems think they can win?  With dishonesty?
Of course half ur voting base is make belive.. I should register my dog as a Democrat,  he's always got his head up his button too...
It is easy to vote, as long as your a legal citizen.... Non citizens should not be voting in our elections
Yup! Because of you weren't getting those fraudulent votes anymore, you'd be voted out of office!
Mierda grande
Voting is more important than buying booze and we show I'd for that.
Agreed
The problem with you Feinstein as you want to give people who are not citizens the right to vote that's absolutely Criminal
We have to give people back their voting rights!
What voter rights have we lost exactly?
This is good news.
I agree Dianne!!
It only discriminates against those that shouldn't be voting in the first place. Way to label is discriminatory. How pathetic
so that illegals can vote? r u kidding?
YAY #RESIST
Yes because you want illegal aliens voting so you can keep your job.
Ma'am what's easier than just showing an ID except liberals would have their fraud be a little harder to do
That way more illegal voters can vote for dems
I didn't know Nelson Mandela was a republican.
Get back to work Dianne spending and squandering our nation's treasure !!! Great news   ha ha more mindless dribble from our nations,finest
wrong it should be harder than you democrats wouldn't be able to get all your illegals to vote
Get real, Diane.
Great news, we know this is just a form of voter suppression that GOP desperately needs to ensure they continue to win seats. Stats dont lie
what a good thing more of this needs to happen in south to take the vote away from some
PLEASE LOOK INTO THIS ASAP. Before next elections. Thank you.
There's still the other problem. GERRYMANDERING that fed courts have RULED the lines be to be put back & GOP in TEXAS aren't abiding by LAW.
Texas is at the top of my list of places I never want to visit. Women living in texas...why haven't you moved out?
Yes! Much easier!
I am suing my local liquor store. They carded me yesterday. Fukn racists.
How in the hell is requiring an ID to vote racially discriminatory? Guess any dingleberry can vote...non citizen....multiple times...etc.
Of course, libtards love this. Disgusting
If Trump turns 2018/2020 into Dem. landslides the structure of voting, civil rights, gerrymandering and Presidential powers--1st priority.
Only for living legal citizens!
the democrats damage the justice system when they used the nuclear option for obama on federal judges:  PC infiltrates
I'm sure TX will have new voter suppression legislation on deck, pass that, and wait for it to be litigated in court. Seems to be their M.O.
Great news for anybody who wants to vote illegally!
YES!  and about time! @hpyblubrd
ANY 1 legally entitled 2 vote can obtain FREE ID from DMV in every state! We know Y Dems oppose this. 2 get BLACK VOTE! That makes U racist!
Citizens should vote. Not aliens.  Need ID to drive, should to vote too.
Easier. Stupid lady. Now everyone legal and not will vote

"It should be easier to vote FRAUDULENTLY, not harder"        There, fixed it for ya.
There has to be some way to verify. Why do dem not want to verify citizenship?
@kamalaharris  Vital national issue.  Every senator should care about every state.
For real! Some people are literally dying to vote! 
Sure... so easy anyone can vote whether lawful or not... how many illegal votes were cast in CA in the last election?  Do you want to know?
Your nuts !!!!
Can you please explain to me how voter ID makes it difficult to vote.  Carry it in your purse or pocket.  Take it out, put away and vote.
It should be harder for irregular migrants to vote, not easier.
It should be a federal offence to seek to deprive someone of their ability to vote
These are basic IDs! To say not accessible by all is reduculous! Only inaccessibility is to be in the country "illegally"!!
Next - undo Texas law forcing women to obtain rape insurance. Puts women back in stone age.
If photo ID's are discriminatory I have been discriminated against since birth.......what hypocrisy....
It's not discrimination. Voter ID helps to stop voter fraud. Which has been proven in many states that Democrats committed voter fraud
Wrong
Texas @gop stop trying to stop citizens from voting. Help us vote. Then actually represent the people that voted for you.
If you had your way we all could buy liquor at age 10. It should be easier to buy then vote.
Get a life, voter ID laws. So 1866
Voting is a right, IF u r an American citizen. U need a license 2 drive,  alcohol, etc.  What could be so difficult & different 4 voter ID?
Dead people & illegals rejoice!!!  Democrats will now have a chance since you can keep voting!!
If you don't have an ID that clearly proves your identity. No Vote or other public services for you!
Good!
Feinstein's War On Common Sense is "progressive"  no matter how stupid it seems.    Why make it easier for illegals (Felons) to vote?
You have to have ID to get a phone but not vote....makes sense. I'm just glad your in California
They should have ID!
Absolutely,why has this issue on voting gone this far. A right we've had for century's. Many ask why & our answer is suppression of Am. Vote
State issued ID does not make it harder. Just ask those that you assume are too stupid to acquire one.
Everyone needs ID PROOF,even for Public Housing, SNAzp, etc. Why wouldn't you need it to vote. #DemocratElectionTheftInzTexad
If welfare requires ID, then voting should too.
So your dead constituents & illegal immigrants can continue to vote?It's a privilege of a legal Amer citizen to vote and should not be easy
Can I tell a that to the cashier at the store who asks for my ID just to buy alcohol?  That's certainly discriminatory!!! ;-/
Isn't it discriminatory to assume that a person of particular race/group can't obtain an ID to vote?  You can't even buy a lighter w/out ID.
So I can take my 15 year old grandson who looks 18 to vote? Hell you have to show your ID at Bingo if someone doesn't think your 18.
So by this logic I shouldn't need a cc license to exercise my #2ndAmendment rights because it's racist to have to show a form of ID.
Better have away to prove you live there. People in Texas dont play nice with LIARS or cheats.
Assuming ppl don't have or can't get ID based on their skin color and ethnicity IS discriminatory!!!!!!!
But, you need an ID to get on an airplane or go to DNC Convention. Next time Senator refuse to give TSA your ID in solidarity & see results
Voting is a right, just like food stamps and guns, you shouldn't need an ID to--- wait, something isn't right here. #DEMOCRAT #Hypocrisy
Yeah would hate to have all your illegal voters from being discrimated against! #VoterID
Still does not change your being fired http://soon.How  many years have you done nothing?
14 methods and substitutions for ID, Texas bent over backwards to be accommodating.
You should be an American citizen to vote in an American election.  And provide an ID
What is so hard about showing your ID?
When the police pull you over don't you show them your ID? My Great Grandmother had an ID card.
You identify ONE person who cannot get an ID!  JUST ONE! There are people who will take anyone to get their ID. There is no defense for this
Great news if you're into voter fraud.
That's how democrats keep getting re-elected. Have to show an ID to bank, buy alcohol,  register at a hospital to be seen but not to vote.
Thank you Senator.
Help me to understand how ID is necessary for these items & ID for voting is discrimination.??.
Your a reason we need  term limits your  brain is warped with dementia
Totally  in American  you do realize  this  is not a 3rd world  nation of dictators  socialism  move here get legal or don't come
Great!
Will really help the illegal voters you democrats depend on
Hey dummy.  It should be easier to fly too but it isn't.  Protect the country from illegal voters.  Do you support voter fraud?  I guess so.
Do you support voter suppression? I guess you do.
Easier to vote if you are legal and if you are not dead.
And yet you will not vote for Kate's law. You are much to old, need to retire.
I'm pretty sure it is easy to obtain a valid ID for any legal citizen.
Need one to go to court go to the liquor store and get prescriptions all have costly penalties if you don't comply.
@BulldogBen Awesome!
When a person is asked for an identification to buy a firearm, you are okay with it. So why the double standard when it comes to voting?
Need to comply with Fed investigation into voter fraud.  Failure to do so only makes sense if you want to hide fraud that exists today.
Why is this great news. Disappointed in you
It should be impossible! for illegal entrants/non-citizens/dead  people to vote, and voting more than once should also end. Get real Dianne.
That is GREAT news. The horrific news is that we currently have an administration and President who wants to maim this country even more.
.@tedcruz is upset by this.
Everyone has IDs.  So, ID requirement to vote just makes good sense unless you want it easier to commit voter fraud.  Dems are wrong.
No no and no!! Dianne you and Nancy need to retire! Stop giving away USA! We NEED voter ID!!!
If the dossier, testimony & supporting documents substantiate the crimes set forth in the document, shouldn't you be compelled to act?
But they don't,.
You're so out of touch with Americans. 
I feel you're not fit for office.
that's why we have Supreme Courts
You are my state senator & are investigating Trump. You have a mountain of evidence. When will you #Impeach for high crimes & misdemeanors?
cause they have no evidence and will never happen, now wait until Hillary and others in the democratic party are investigated
Native Texan here....this law is absolutely not necessary. Mail in and early voting have shown some issues but this law will not address.
And there's Ken Paxton, front & center, an indicted but not yet tried felon. Is it strange that the powerful in TX have stalled his trial?
Says the Senator whose state has over 3 million who are either dead or illegal on the voter roles. It won't help Diane. We will endure & win
Why wouldn't they want to make sure only Americans are voting. 
Trump,Check every vote from states who don't require ID
Great more voting dead people in Texas
You need a drivers liscense or ID to open a bank account, liscense to drive, ID to buy a f...ing beer. Should have the same to vote!
@frostpixie5 Good to know that some politicians that r not under Trumps sight. #Truth #Trumpsucks
So that we do not nationally end up like California I suggest transparency is better than ease. Texas Voter ID law is about transparency.
So all this talk about election integrity is just that "talk" , right??
As he well should have. Thank God for the courts!
You don't care if non-citizens vote for your candidate ?
Why are you afraid for people to show their ID? Because they might be illegal aliens.
No fear here. Immigrants welcome in My country!
Every state should have voter ID. Seriously how hard is it to take care of a one time thing to vote the rest of life!!
Take it to the supreme court. THIS DECISION EFFECTS ALL OF AMERICA NOT JUST TEXAS !
Nobody keeps any legal race from getting an ID
Thank You, Sen. Dianne Feinstein of S.F. California
.
Indeed including illegal aliens. Diane you need to go.
Great. We must re-instate civil rights voting laws.

