This is the DEFINITION of insider trading! Also, make @Equifax provide lifetime credit monitoring for those affected.
Another sneak attack by Globalists.  They took our homes, savings & HC.  Still some middle class hanging on.  Now identity theft for all.
We need ONE portal where we can freeze our info at ALL of these agencies at the SAME time, for FREE. These jackholes are incompetent.
Senator, we're counting on your voice to call this company to justice. 143 million people's identity are at risk.
Please ask the IRS to put protections in place so that these theives can't file tax returns on my behalf.
This whole government, including frump need to be thrown in toilet! We need a government who is honest, will uphold our constitution!
Hope that toilet is in an air-conditioned space. Or else a furnace. Metal responds to both!
Would you rely on Elf Sessions and DOJ to investigate?
Need Life Time Jail.!!!
This theft involved every adult American!  3 "insiders" at Equifax sold their stock before they announced the theft of information.  Punish!
go ahead but this is #45's people he will defend them stronger then the armed forces.
Can't we jail them for insider trading? Equifax isn't too big to jail.
Get em @SenFeinstein.
She is part of the problem!  30 years of protecting corruption!
Russia just bought DC radio station to spread propaganda 24/7 in our Capitol. But State Dept is downsizing by 10b.
And there must be a change in the way these 3 companies protect our information. Each should be an electronic Fort Knox. #equifaxbreach
Unbelievable that you and your cohorts can do insider trading also. You talk with forked tongue. Any new deals for your husband to make $$$
I think a trial and with possible jail time are in order.
It's called "prison time." Jail is too light, easy, and short.
Corporate greed finds no moral boundaries anymore.
Did it ever?
And they monitor MY credit?
Equifax, TransUnion & Experian need to be strictly regulated.  There should be NO cost to freeze credit, NEVER a cost for credit monitoring.
The mandated monitoring Equifax is offering ,only included the locking of their bureaus file , Our AG must must for locking of all 3.
Sell off stock 3d after breach, wait 6 wks to alert US. Sick of folks being victims of corporate execs with golden parachutes. Ridiculous.
We can thank DT for getting rid of so many regulations! While he claims it'll "stimulate the economy," he's just spreading corruption/greed
Criminal investigation.
Check out their data/score monopoly with EXP & TransU thru VantageScore. Yes I work for FIC.
Immediately freeze the Equifax executive's bank & investment accounts before the money "disappears" - then investigate.
Enron, Volkswagen, Wells Fargo, PGE, etc. , consumers ALWAYS get a penny and C-levels get millions to hide! Off shore, $wash, 3rd party, hum
Now? We heard that on day one, where were you?
End Equifax.  I'm so angry.
We knew about this on Monday; how disconnected are you from Society?
@Equifax doesn't answer phone calls, allow you to leave a message, wait for a customer rep, nothing. Online, they ask you for your SSN.
If you look online agreeing 2 the  ToS... you sign your right to sue away
This is the first time in my life I actually agree with this woman.
This is what happens when you put credit debt first as a guide to see if you're worthy enuf to borrow more money. Assets and savings rule!
Go get em!!! 1 out of 2 American adults data stolen and what?
They need to be investigated and then charged tried and if guilty PAY all of the people affected!!
also new legislation requiring better security and allowing for people impacted by breach to sue
So investigate, Senator.. The people are tired of the blah blah blah! We need you to start swinging in hopes of hitting it out of the park!
get r done asap, take all the money and give it to every american.

Go get em 🖒🖒#Equifax
We agree for once!
Sold off before or after the break in security? If after, i wouldn't blame them-- if before, nail them
Expand investigation of dem it hack
Do some math, they could have sold day after announced and at most after tax would have received maybe 80k benefit. Pennies
Darn right.  What's good for Martha S., is good for them!
But it's ok when you and rest of Congress does this exact same thing. You will not be reelected
Diane. Wake up and kick some ass into getting rid of corruption. If you can't do it get some help!!
Is that your department?
What about your illegal ways Diane?
The great irony is that they grade US on OUR credibility.
Geez, I hear that Difi profited from prior knowledge when VISA went public.  Member of Congress, it's ok.  Filth.
Definitely & with that phony voter fraud commission foaming at the mouth for our private info I am even more suspicious. So much #corruption
As terrible as that is I'd rather the FBI focus on getting Trump, Sessions, Bannon, and Miller out of the White House first.
Let's get 'em all!
Why don't we start with an  investigation with Hillary Clinton/Comey/Lynch first.... Dianne ?? Corruption at it's finest !!
agree
It is a must!!!
This is another Russian hacking scheme. They will pair this information with Trump's voter fraud commission to better locate/fix voters.
Hey Diane, how about investigating Hillary Clinton,  James comey, Soros, mueller, obama.. after all the unmasking etc
#OMG I agree with you. #lion lies down with the #lamb #bipartisan #outrage
We must remove most the personnel running our government! We must replace regulations on big business! We must protect ourselves! VOTE DEM!
That kind of trade is illegal - acting on inside information that no one else has is a crime. How long did they hide this?
Please investigate!
Arrest them
The rich investigating the rich? Shirley, you jest! #satire #drysenseofhumor #congressionaltermlimits #abolishonepercent #socializedmedicine
Everyone wants to lie, cheat and steal since trump does if so openly
Every one of those "execs" should be forced to take a slow noon walk down Wall St. buck ass naked. Then they might see how we feel.
There must be jail time.
Sold stock and then tricked people into signing away their rights by misleading link that "helped protect from leaked info".
Yes, by all means. Let's have another hearing. Senate is great w/that. Grandstanding, like Kamala Harris, issue a report & NOTHING HAPPENS!
well, do it...start the investigation; don't just talk about it
Not only an investigation, but some actual prison sentences handed out. Rob a corner market you you to jail but rob half of US and make $$$
THANK YOU! If you sign up for their "protection services" you sign away all your rights & they $ you after a year. Evil Bustards
Put. Them. In. Jail.
This is unconscionable
Your forgetting all the free advertising/publicity they are receiving for their identity theft service.   This is just wrongety wrong!
Well.....what exactly are you doing about it?  Was it the Russians?
You what what affects even more than 143 million people, Healthcare. Time to get behind @SenSanders #MedicareForAll bill. Pretty please.
I agree
Congress & Senate need investigated for being TRAITOR who do not uphold their Oath of Ofc, plain & simple. Start w/sanctuary city ppl like U
I don't like Democratic's helping Trump
Business as usual, Senator! The 1% screws over the rest of us, what else is new? Execs should be investigated & prosecuted fullest extent!
The whole democratic party  needs to be invested.  U ppl r the most corrupt ppl in our gov.U dems want to destroy our country our lives
I think you have a typo!! You mean the Republican Party you Bot
No it isn't a typo. The dems want to destroy this vountry. And if you can't see that you are the http://bot.you  ppl are parasites
nope,  you got it backwards!
According to Steve Croft of CBS news John Bohner and Nancy Pelosi should be investigated for insider trading
We should publish all the contributions to every politician
We also need to stop using SSNs as a tax/finance ID. They're too insecure. Can't be retired when breached. We need to upgrade that system.
Eye scan + Thumb Print + Face scan + what's your favorite color?
UUIDs with a namespace as big as IPv6
What about the data breach itself? These companies don't seem to be accountable to consumers, or anyone else for that matter.
And a law that says no company can collect or sell anyone's personal information, no exceptions
You're the person who can make that investigation happen! This is corrupt & they need 2 go 2 jail. Martha Stewart did jail time 4 much less!
Damn skippy...they had 'one job' to do...ensure the credit reporting is protected...now, I wouldn't trust anything from this company...(1)
Now, the company wants to charge the public a fee to freeze your account...what kind of bull crap is that for the public...(3)
Equifax-let me make this perfectly clear, if, my credit information is a mess-it will stay that way because your 'creditability' is a 'f'.(4
150% Inside trade ! Let's see
Something we agree on!!!
Ppl who's personal info was compromised should be #notified we didn't allow them to get our info they just take it.
and incarceration
And they put me on a waiting list- first 4 days for an online appointment to elect protection but can't sign up with pin for about a week.
Wow your just hearing this now.? News was reporting on Friday that Execs were selling stocks.
After a few bribes, it will all disappear.
They need to be investigated for this travesty and breach as well as how they actually function in our economy. Too much power wo oversight.
We Catholics were affected. Does this mean you will do nothing?
Databases of personal information are time bombs waiting to explode when the data is stolen by employees or outsiders.
Any company retaining personal data on people will be subject to the same lawsuits for negligence when the data is stolen.  It's foreseeable
They are criminals & fully aware of what they did
Unfortunately the justice dept is being run by corrupt officials too, otherwise they would already be looking into all of them
Every lawyer should sue Equifax because every client's data has been stolen along with the lawyer's own data.  Equifax negligence is clear.
No database is "safe" from hacking.  Lawsuits have the same effect as making data collection illegal because it will be too risky to retain.
How about jail time for insider trading? The Government jailed Martha Stewart for less.
We learned nothing from 2008.
Yes we did... wealthy people don't go to jail
Oh so right!
Witness: Sen. Menendez Helped Me Get A Visa After My Rich Boyfriend Gave Him Money #Corrupt @SenateDems
If only we still had a functioning SEC. #ThanksTrump
Of course Execs get special investigations compared to regular US Citizens!
They need to pay for the security of my information that I never gave them in the first place, for the rest of my life!
How about we stop investigating and have the FBI do indictments.  This is an easy one- it's insider trading- who needs an investigation?
You're just now hearing this?
Why are there only 36 signatures out of 100?
Yes - absolutely. Anything else would be dereliction of duty by Congress.
You're just hearing about this now? Do you receive news via carrier pigeon? You're far too slow for this job @SenFeinstein time to step down
Stand up for what's right and support #MedicareForAll.
Please! The American people are getting so fed up with corruption in government & big business....and Congress just turns a blind eye.
We are all tired of it!! If we could just get the ppl to pay attention & vote ALL of them out, or 98% , that would be a good start.
@Equifax claims the culprits "were not aware of the breach" #Hogwash
