I agree. This is nuts but hopefully it will go to conference and get it done.
Too bad the Dems want to keep Gov. running our HC. Divided Sad
LOLOLOLOLOOLLLL...now Senator...do you think you could conduct such lessons on Capital Hill...weekly!
They knew.
Pass a bill you don't like bc you can't form 1 you do like in hopes that Ryan will fix it all. Insane
Is there not like a "Welcome to the Senate" pamphlet we can provide those idiots?
American Politics 101: Republicans don't care how toxic their legislation is. Pretty confident they've mastered disenfranchisement.
Culture of lying. Began 40 years ago with lower taxes for rich pays for itself with stimulus to economy. PROVEN WRONG. can't stop lying.
My APOLOGIES to John McCain. My "disappointment" no more. THANK YOU for doing the right thing for 32 million Americans.
Congress should be REQUIRED to have the same healthcare they pass on the rest of us.When they EXEMPT themselves you know it's BAD for US!
Exactly! @SenateMajLdr  your stupid tactic was a danger to the American people in many ways !
Duh. Ridiculous that you had to say this.
They should be held accountable for their votes on this "Freedom from Health Care Act."
Please take Chuck, Patty, Lisa, and Susan out for breakfast with Sen McCain in the am.
Senate 102 Get a leader who will collaborate in legislation and put the country first instead of himself and his party. McConnell is not it.
Thank you Senator.
@senrobportman , I know reaching across the aisle is unpopular but this is good advice.
We may need you to hold a class on this for your fellow Senators!!
So, Why did you Vote for OCare Legislation?
Thank you, Ms. Feinstein, for being our voice all these years through all these issues.
We know who owns Obamacare republicans need to let it fail
@SenateGOP Take a lesson.
All Congressman, Senators, Jurist & the President should be subject to random drug & alcohol test because everyone of you are on something
How do you manage to stay sane in this madness, Senator?? God BLESS you.
Who knows since we haven't seen it
Thank you, Senator!
Makes sense to me!
Why did you vote for Obamacare Dianne? Now you want the Rep to fix your mess
Make them take off that 8 year mandate. It’s really bad, and we need to have a chance to change it if they push it through. Don’t give up!
What about if you're being blackmailed?
Keep it up, Senator!
Why do they want to kill us? I didn't do anything to them.
Remind your friend @SenJohnMcCain, he'll get free publicly funded healthcare until he dies: 16 million will lose access to affordable care
It's apparent that you & @SenateDems didn't heed your own advice
Agree!!!
@mitchellreports convenient outrage
So sad that this needs to be said. You would think it was obvious!
So is Senate 202 where you learn how to get your husbands company infrastructure projects and rob millions from Americans?
Senate 100: Go for the money.
Not enough payolla in these bills, eh?
Makes sense to me.
@LindseyGrahamSC @DeanHeller @SenJohnMcCain @senrobportman - this is how someone with a conscious votes.
Only vote for legislation you've read. You failed at that for years... Nobody can read that fast. Take your own advice!
You would think that would be common sense. Guess not
Um - ok.  You feeling ok?
Pathetic this has to be said!
1st Rule for Lawmakers!
I must have missed the Founders' part where they said to pass legislation in the House or Senate just for "procedural advancement" reasons
How crazy has this Nation become?Voting yes on something you do not like because it may not become law????
This tells you all you need to know about The GOP.
Seems like a no brainer and that should work out well for these GOP Senators. They have no brain.
thank you
You've been raising hell about the possibility of reversing a healthcare mess that none of you want in congress. Go away.
sounds like Govt 101 needs to b taught to all gop and current administration esp on sep of powers!!!
Some aspects of life really are quite simple. Thank you for reminding "certain" people of this fact Senator Feinstein.
Seems rather obvious
Why is this a difficult concept? You guys hold the power, and the people who vote for you. It's we the people, not #45. Are you afraid?
Seems sensible.  Wait--what?!   They're gonna do what?!?
Preach!
Big shame and worry that the Senator even had to say this aloud. Should be basic knowledge for anyone sworn into Congress.
Only GOP senators could think about voting yes when they feel no is right, and constituents are screaming no.
Does that mean you wanted this failure called obamacare?
Like Obama care?
Only point a loaded gun if you intend to shoot.
Legislation 101
Sounds like Life 101 advice.
#JustVoteNo
Since the #ACA passed in 2009, Republicans symbolically voted over 50 times to repeal it. Now, that their vote has real consequence, ...
2/2.. They want a guarantee that it won't pass if they vote for it? For a "personal responsibility" party, this is so irresponsible. #VoteNo
Trump in office I worry for my Nephew's Son, help is needed.
@mitchellreports Do you mean the GOP senate SAYS "pass the bill so we can write it"??
And yet politicians from both parties do it all the time
How about only vote for legislation clearly spelled out, communicated & hearings w/expert testimony? How vote 4 unknown? #irresponsible
Sounds reasonable enough
You need to impeach trump. He had infected the entire political system!
The GOP dismantles our institutions one brick at a time under the Mad King's rule. I can't comprehend what is going on . . . Sad & scary.
@SenFeinstein why did not one single democrat vote for the single payer plan today?
I guess everyone is ready to let the ACA fail.  Good
Then why did you vote for ACA?!?!?!
Seems so simple, yet.......
@SenFeinstein, Can't you say something to wake those two bears from their sleep? (McCain&Graham)
Or as Mooch would say: “Don’t try to orally stimulate yourself, you could get hurt.” Apologies for the profane reference, it is where we are
@LindseyGrahamSC @SenJohnMcCain for sometime it has bern circulating that @SpeakerRyan was caught on intercept discussing laundering money..
(Russian money) thru @GOP!! This has been for months & @SpeakerRyan WILL NOT challenge Trump on ANYTHING he does or says!!! Re: Sessions....
@SpeakerRyan said..it's up to the President!!!
Step back and ask yourself: Can you seriously believe you have to make that statement? What times we live in!
I feel like they have all been dropped on their collective heads.  What is wrong with them?
That is a prek lesson
What we will get is the bill that came out of the House, with a couple of admendmets we don't want either. Shell con game in process.
7 @senatenj voted yes in 2015 and in 2017 voted no to #HealthcareBill go figure?
Brava!
That seems pretty obvious.  I'm not sure it even needs to be taught in Senate 101.  That's like grade school civics.
While the BELTWAY media seems to be pushing silliness that 1/2 nation on board with EMACIATED REPEAL.
MAJORITY will remember this sham vote
This entire ACA debacle is low level politics at its worst. Constituents are not your ball in a game.
Do not vote on anything without seeing and reading it. GOP is trying to trick this bill into law!#VoteNo
Basically because you are responsible for your vote. It is your vote and in it are the hopes and dreams of all of your constituents.
Amazing you have to say this Senator.  Kind of basic.
Thank you, @SenFeinstein.
Dems cannot tell a good bill from a bad one. If it is put forth by a Dem, they vote in lock step. You voted for the worst bill ever, the ACA
I love and support you, Sen. Feinstein! It's crazy bonkers in Washington, DC, this week. You are a steadfast voice of reason and principle!
Someone tell me what these morons are you doing.
What a shame you have to actually put that request in writing!
Seems obvious, but nothing obvious (or clear) in the age of @POTUS Like watching the Borgias May his terrible reign end #25thAmendmentNow
isn't that the prerequisite to Senate 101?
True, yet you voted for Obamacare which has hurt millions and you don't vote to repeal it. That explains a lot about you.
It really didn't and those on your side need the boundary of reality to help support your heartless argument.
Ignoring middle Americans and the hardships they are dealing with day to day is why the Dems lost. Trump listened. #RejectTheLeft
Read in closer detail, Ryan says the House will vote on whatever bill gets 51 Senate votes.  Senate still gives a loaded gun to a toddler.
Hey, and here's a novel idea, why not vote for legislation that your constituents want! That's what they're supposedly voted in to do!
Republicans refuse to allow anything that isn't terrible onto the floor.
Should be a no-brainer! 
ACA was voted on at 12am on Christmas Eve, did you know what was in it? Double standard!
And make sure you read & understand EVERYTHING in the bill before you vote on it.
#VoteNo 
#SaveACA
What happens when you have to go to reconciliation for two really, really bad bills?
I hope you are staying up late and using all your relationships and chits to get this "terrible" (via @LindseyGrahamSC) legislation tanked.
If the GOP wants the bill to go to conference, have them pass Obamacare unchanged. Then you know what you're voting on.

Republicans did that in 2010 and your buddies called them killers and racists.
Sickening.
Yes! I don't understand why @LindseyGrahamSC would vote for something if it's awful! #SaveACA
You speak to people like a kindergarten teacher
Unfortunately, your colleagues have turned a once revered institution into a comedy routine.  Sad.
Louder, more detail, keep hitting them, this is not normal and the reactions have to be louder, longer and well thought out. #SaveOurCare
But they don't actually think it's terrible. They support it but want their cake and eat it too.
They're afraid to admit that standard Republican idieology is so goddamned toxic this is the only way to pass it
Thanks for injecting reason.
Can't wait till California secede from the Union. We will save a lot of money and Social Security Medicare Medicaid payouts
Now there's a concept gop can't quite grasp
@LindseyGrahamSC @RonJohnsonWI @SenJohnMcCain @sendavidperdue - Some sage advice. VOTE NO. Start over w/ #Dems. Stop Americans getting hurt!
Wisdom from California's senior senator. Hang tough, @SenFeinstein
Makes sense. Which is why Republicans will do the opposite.
Do earmarks factor into that at all? @AONNRecords
Dirty politics, terrible bill. Anyone voting for this deserves and should be voted out of office.
Isn't it deplorable that we have to tell our legislators this simple fundamental premise in legislation?
How come you don't take your own advice?
Do they think their constituents will be OK with them voting for this mess? Bad ads are being run on Reps who voted for Trumpcare.
Adulting 101: Never sign anything WITHOUT READING THE CONTENTS.
Senator Please just say:
The Republicans don't care if you have Healthcare
The Republicans don't care if you have Healthcare
Banana republic. Sigh.
...or it will be used against you again and again and again.
This is so crazy along with the crazy @POTUS .  Why can't they invest time to work bi-partisan to get a good bill that address ObamaCare
#Impeachtrump #EnoughIsEnough
So true @SenFeinstein
I don't understand the mental gymnastics that would allow you to vote for something you don't support.  Except for MONEY.
She's a no, always has been. Rates will double for most CA residents if it passes.
Where is this stat from?
Senate 101: Only vote for legislation that you want to get signed into law. DON'T vote for legislation that you think is terrible.
