Senator, you all need to start with Jeff sessions because he is not RECUSED!!!!
Don't they see? not blocking Sessions was insanely stupid, but he is there now and they have to damage control asap, he is king cover up
These libs are going to give them selves heart failure. Poor things. Carry-on..... #TGIF https://twitter.com/leahr77/status/862128755229249546 …
Them selves is one word. Grammar gives conservatives headaches or head aches ;)
I primarily come on Twitter to correct their grammar. Apparently this makes me a liberal elite.
So much to do! Holding GOP reps to account at townhalls, registering voters, getting #trump impeached & correcting grammar #TrumpRussia
I am an American w-a moral compass which does not delineate between liberal/conservative. 's&asses drive 4 separation
Literally just tweeted this 
Why did you not call for a special counsel in 2012 when Obama colluded with the Russians?
Because he didn't. Don't believe "alternative facts." Take your meds. Make sure your tin-foil hat is on straight.
Ah - so the video of Obama asking Medvedev to tell Putin to give him space until after the election was a fake huh?
Not that I know, but what does it prove? I fail to see even implication of any impeachable offense. Do you?
The video proves collusion between Obama & Russians. If Obama did it and everything was ok why is it a problem if a Republican does it?
Thank you.  Please keep this up. No more obstruction of justice or obfuscation.
Go enjoy your retirement.
Democrats need to Strike. Participate in no more business a usual until #TrumpRussia is resolved.
Yea guys you do that.  Things are going so well for you.  Turn the people further away.
Why do you want to slow down the FBI investigation? They're coming on strong
Won't necessarily slow it down.....all material could be turned over to SC....
At this point, do you trust SC? Perhaps Special Prosecutor is a better way to go! Wait! Do U mean Senate Commission or Special Counsel?
Special Counsel.
Thank you
When are you going to resign?
she shut down a CIA investigation on herself! What about her hisband having all CA. constuction projects like the billion dollar train
Thank you for this!  from Indivisible CA37 member.
Way to stand up for what's right Diane, as you always do! Nevertheless persist!
I would be thrilled if Preet Bharara is appointed as special counsel
Me too!  But we KNOW that would never happen! He would expose ALL this administrations indiscretions...
Sen. you are not only a great person but a very fair and honest person...get Trump impeached!!!
Thank you for this from Indivisible San Jose member.
Who cares what this loser Democrat supports.
We don't need to waste time on a special counsel or investigation. There's enough for impeachment already.
You can't just call for the resignation of everyone you're mad at right now. Chill.
I believe she called for a special counsel, since Trump is engaged in attempts to obstruct justice in an FBI investigation of his team.
Well I'm all for a special counsel, but you can't demand the resignation of someone because they won't do something for you
I agree . If trump has created so many jobs why aren't these trolls working,and if they are they should be fired.
Yappity Yappity Yap
Without #AccompliceMedia the Democrats would be long gone.
But the time is coming for #DemocratDemise
No respect for an honorable career your tactics disgust me. Stay in ur party though ur doing Republicans a great service destroying Dems Thx
Resign on what grounds that don't make no sense your side is guilty too with regard to Hilary.
Rod Rosenstein sold his soul to the Devil...surprising since he had a sterling reputation. What is Trump doing to those closest to him?!
no that was his wife!
#please,just do it
I support a release of all your income made from the fake train and the usps offices. A FOIA on whos on your calendar giving u money.
Hillary is going to be convicted... But you guys keep resisting... We would be disappointed if you didn't.
Convicted of what? Are you saying you do not believe the conclusions of all those many GOP-led investigations?
Comey isn't a Republican.
@maddow @SenatorDurbin you need to stop acting like a child. You know this is to distract & lessen severity of Clinton crimes
LOLOLOL!!  I wish I could be there when you realize TRUMP AIN'T the one!  Nothing HC did in ALL her years in politics  is as bad as now!!!
boy did you bump your grad
Hold on to that AND HOPE...the Russian "thing" (LOL) goes AWAY!!! What do you think will get Trump first? TREASON or OBSTRUCTION???
I also support @SenatorDurbin's call for Deputy Atty Gen Rosenstein to resign if he is unwilling to appoint a spec counsel.

Rod Rosenstein has been working for two weeks and there are already calls for his head. Afraid of something, are we?
Are we sure that if he resigns we know who will replace him?
I support Senator Durbins call for Rosenstein to  resign if he doesn't appoint special council by next week. What's he waiting for?
no need, waiting on the replacement before bringing charges against the Obama and Clinton cartels
Take your meds and make sure your tin-foil hat is on straight and you will be alright.
Can you all GROW up and move on, he was constitutionally elected and Russia did not have ANYHING to do with it.
Rosenstein made that loyalty pledge; He didn't think Trump would cash in so soon.  Resign.
Is this true? How awful. Thought DOJ was supposed to pledge loyalty to the CONSTITUTION not a person! Even I know this!!  #Resist #Impeach
Not in this administration. All dictators demand loyalty.
This is too freaking scary. Thought I'd reached a point in my life where nothing much scared me. I'm 68 and afraid now. Trump is a bad man.
Hey Yellow dog I am 74 and I'm scared also. Few seem to understand the situation.
I'm 74 too! Not scared at all, hopefully, this is the corrupt 2 faux Parties system eating itself!
Your desires are,'recuse or quit,' but it's not legally required.Your stmt is forethought w/intent 2 create publichavoc
If you don't think he is qualified to do the job then why did you vote to confirm him? Hypocrite.
So you have never hired someone you thought was competent and then found out later they were not?
Just curious: Do we need a special prosecutor if the FBI has active investigations? It seems that they are making progress.
Yes we do because Trump already interviewing for temporary replacement for Comey. So will be Trump person in charge of FBI!
everyone should resign then and only then will you be happy - watching the disintegration of the Democratic Party
YOU are such a fool .. and an embarrassment to many of the people in CA.  If you are this much of a partisan .. you're NO good to anyone!
Deputy AG Rosenstein is now a witness in this investigation and therefore, lawfully CANNOT be part of this any more.
@tedlieu @852abc__123
@SenateDems @SenateGOP Now is the time for AG Rosenstein to be TREASONOUS like Robert Bork or a hero like Bill Ruckelshaus/Elliot Richardson
Will you resign too ... that time has long come.
#RodRosenstein is scared of a reality show host.
thank you so very much, Senator Feinstein
@kthorsendsvis @SenatorDurbin give me a break. Such silliness.
I support the call for the resignation of any Senator still around since Hillary Clinton was the First Lady of Arkansas #resignnow
And how can that be accomplished?
Hello, @POTUS appts special commission?Antonin Scalia thought they were bad bc executive branch appts&can fire? @FoxNews @thehill @WSJ
Thank you Senators for putting our country first.
why if there is no criminal offense (counter I tell) and you agreed with grassley no trump investigation?
Thank You Sen For Your Hard Work
thank you, Senators! American needs more true patriots willing to stand up!
What a joke.the world watched in shock at how quickly America was becoming just like the third world with corruption and racial pandering
Thank you Senator, your constituents and Americans should support this move if they patriotic.
How abouta Session's, since he got himself involved after he "recused" himself.
I support #SenatorDurbanPoison, am I right stoners?
You are a complete partisan loaded with self interest.  We need integrity in elected representatives.
Who cares who u support
When will folks be able to release information about potentially sealed indictments which carry the grounds for Articles of Impeachment?
I also support @SenatorDurbin s call for Rosenstein to resign if he wont appoint a special counsel.
I'm so disappointed in #RodRosenstein. Kept hearing he was a good guy. #FireRodRosenstein.
I support Rosenstein's removal for using his power and position to knowingly deceive Americans and impede a criminal investigation.
I think u r being short sighted & jumping the gun. Until we have a new FBI Director. Until we see whom gets confirmed its a premature call!
Absolutely, we have too many going in and out to not have one there permanently and independent.

Ok, let's get this bullshit over with. So we can get back to the matter of healthcare. Because I think this is all a distraction away frm it
I AGREE
Keep pushing, Senator Feinstein!!! 
Special counsel for whom? The Clinton Fdn?  There's no evidence to waste counsel on the Dem's  cooked up Russia witch hunt!
Thank you. Please hold POTUS accountable.
Thank you both. Please hold POTUS accountable.
ml kill
So he's supposedly said there is no need for a special counsel - ur not going to make him resign so that is just talk on yr part..
I am also your constituent and supported you but what can Democratic Senators really do here?
Oh get over it
How long are you planning to drag this hoax out for?  How many months of "no evidence" is enough?
How about calling for Sessions to resign because he broke his agreement to recuse himself in these matters?
Let's distract everybody from you not supporting #SinglePayer/#MedicareForAll.
#ResignNow
& so do the citizens of the United States,  remember you are elected to represent us #YouWork4Us #ImpeachTrump
Do not give in Senator Feinstein.  Please keep up the pressure and DEMAND an independent commission!

#Resist #MarchForTruth #TrumpRussia
What is the best way to keep it transparent? (Honestly Now)
Why should he resign? Who should decide?
can't wait until next election a lot of members must go, DT wants to be a dictator and Sessions WOW, HELP
Agree. He lost all credibility over the Comey firing.
It is a must
Thank you. An international independent investigator would be preferred.
Who gives a fuck what you want?
I support YOUR resignation.  You have absolutely no business being a US Senator.
U don't listen 2 any of constituents that disagree! And demand facts! Don't assume all of us are such sheep! Ur losing Dems every day
How long have you been in politics?  That's not how it works.
You are doing the right thing!  Thank you for opening the path.  Let's hope and expect that other Senators will follow your lead!
I support @SenFeinstein announcing her resignation. Best decision she ever made.
You need to pull your head out and everyone relax.  Stop being so bitter that Killary lost and Trump is doing so well.  Come together

I see Comey testifying very soon and very publicly.
Wouldn't pull plug to kill one American? why pull plug on millions of Americans Stop #TrumpCare #EuthanasiaAct
Boy so do I!
Feinstein has been office to long....this is why we need "term limits"
If we are going to look at the prospect of any more stalling, the stakes definitely need to be raised!!
Good for you Madame Senator. Lest Ye Forget.  DAG doesn't work for you, & probably doesn't care what you think he should do, career-wise.
Last tweet meant to imply fixing the results but not enough words! NOT GOOD!
Appointing a guarantee ejection of Trump from office after the Never Trump/He's Not My President campaigns?
Where was your call for a sp pros for Hillary when she deleted all those emails? Hypocrite
So do I.
WE HAVE TO GET THE TRAITOR OUT OF THE WHITEHOUSE
Sessions need to be removed from office. Starting up the war on drugs is waste of taxpayers money. Vote in 2018.
Good luck with that Senator Snowflake
What if he knows something we don't though? What if Comey had a plan and Rosenstein was in on it, and special counsel would set it back?
Tell there assed ron
You #looneylefties know no bounds. Just one level of crazy!
Lead by example you bought-and paid-for shill. You're a horrible DEM that does not represent my party.
Make it happen ms Feinstein
Amen to that! This can no longer be ignored. Trump can b arrogant that's who he is but it's time 2 show him he has 2 answer 4 his wrongs!
They HAVE to appoint a special counsel !!!
Yes
Congress GOP r aiding Trump 2 obstruct justice. Flood -lines Demand #SpecialProsecutor Congress contacts & Scripts⇒https://docs.google.com/document/d/1R9ysZs0UAGOSkkfaFm12tCguSkWo8t_qE4sN0c7teiA/copy?usp=sharing …
#He's not going anywhere.  What you call for does not mean anything. Get off your soap box
Forget a special prosecutor.  The firing of Comey alone constitutes Obstruction of Justice.  The call should be for immediate impeachment.
Please ask #Sessions to resign first. He has not recused himself. @SDIndivisible @IndivisibleNSDC @IndivisibleTeam
Stop typical Dem charade! UR Bill encourages"...engage in plantation owner-like practices reminiscent of the Southern Democrats circa 1850".
I agree
Absolutely!
I always think its funny that liberals always bring up spelling when they can't beat an argument. It the get out of jail free card.
Just emotional stupidity, fond a civics class for beginners to start
Or find... lol
It requires breaking tbe law to such a degree that its considered he cannot lead. 4 example obama and clinton both broke laws and still work
I cannot believe most of you. Civics class is really needed back. 1st Trump isn't going to resign or get impeached no matter how much u want
Sessions seems he got off pretty easy with his lame excuse. He lied during his confirmation..He blatantly lied. What suckers we are! He did!
please, somebody do something, TV shows are going to reruns, we need a good investigation for we retired people

Me too. "We the people..." are sick of party being put before country. Country first, always. Let!s see who can do that.
Democrats:   The party of smear
Clearly @realDonaldTrump is guilty & @USAGSessions is colluding in the cover-up or there would no need for all the fear of inquiry.
Thank you! The way that democrats act now is crucial to the 2018 elections. Stand your ground, and turnover everyone you can!!!
Sen. Feinstein, we need you to lead these efforts not just support them.  CA loves you but needs more active defiance of the Pres policies
Actions speak louder than words.
The American people are sick of your nonsense!You don't speak for us!You're lost in your lust for power.
We the People support a call to force the resignation of @SenFeinstein immediately due to obvious signs of dementia.
I agree
Durbin is a halfwit crook here in Illinois and ll NEVER get his way here unless he wants his own skeletons exposed by those who know..
Oh please, you dont know what you ate talking about
Is Rosenstein still working with Guildenstern? Oh, wait, that's Rosencrans!
Thank you senator for being American someone is looking out for us we love you
Wow. Rosenstein should consider his place in history rather than the moment. The truth will come out in spite of him. How will he be remembd
Oh shut up you left wing idiot. You should resign.
I call for the public to wire tap congress, the white house, the CIA and FBI. If we could truly hear all of them talk...
Once we know we will fire them all...but that wouldn't happen anytime soon...;)
For him to say that only means one thing he is 4 trump
And I support you!
Lmao! Senate approved him 96-4 and now resignation? Political BS
If he can't  STAND 4 JUSTICE then should RESIGN!
start with Sessions
Why don't you  both resign for voting for #Rosenstein? I saw his hearing & wouldn't have voted for him.
Props
Just let FBI career individuals do their fine investigative work
Agreed
Except he might be the only moderating voice left in DOJ.
YES, Senator! And PLEASE vet the Special Prosecutor very very very fully & carefully. Traitors are treacherous & highly capable
Smithers won't do it, because Cracker Barrel Montgomery Burns Sessions doesn't want him to.
Big news. Thank you.
everyone that's upset right now #UseYourVoice call/write EVERYDAY Demand Independent Commission #OURDemocracy
Go get em!!!
Absolutely behind you!
How about we revoke Rupert Murdoch's citizenship and export him to Australia? I believe that his Fox News is a cancer on society.
Rosenstein is compromised!! He hasn't shown any independent from WH. U Dems need 2 BLOCK BLOCK noms.Its not abt party but our country 
Yes... I'm with @ShannonCurtis  
Thank you
Thank you Senator for listening to our many many calls — and your conscience.
Can we flush that evil hobbit Sessions next? He is another bottom feeder that doesn't have a soul.
What harm would a special counsel cause the GOP or Trump? Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein would simply appoint Rudy Giuliani.
You people just don't give up do you
Reminds me of the Salem witch hunts
Paul Ryan and McConnell are aiding & abetting Donald Trump!  There will be no special prosecutor.   #RussiaCoverup  #ENOUGHISENOUGH
I call for you to resign and go spend your ill gotten gains. Make room for a moderate, sensible democrat. Or better yet, a conservative.
Removal of Trump would be preferred. How can so many intelligent ppl in Congress act in such childish ways of acceptance. He isn't out here.
Wanting a special prosecutor has nothing to do with being left or right or in the middle. Just want the truth whatever it may be.
Thank you, Senator. 
WE AGREE THERE MUST BE AN INDEPENDENT SPECIAL COUNSEL. ONE THAT CANT BE BOUGHT & WE WANT THE  TRUTH.  Only LIES FROM THE WHITE HOUSE!!
The art of the deal is Stand your ground , throw out some Ballistic and Outlandish lies about your opponents, Confuse the other side. CLOSE?
The demolition party  lost the senate, congress and the president. Do  you not  understand  the American people want you and your party gone
We are being railroaded Sessions recused himself from Russian investigations this is a DICTATOR GONE MAD!!! Threatened Comey hope has tapes
seems you listened to those who called and asked for this. thanks
And remarkably quickly
I call for you to resign from the senate since your decisions for Rod to resign is not based on logic or common sense.  The demolition party
Why not call for an investigation of all interference in the 2016 election cycle including that of the DNC indicated in Wikileaks?
What? An honest, patriotic effort to ensure system our Founding Fathers put into place is working? OMG no, not w/ current Congresscritters.
