With the seventh largest economy in the world..... you pay for it.
No kidding.  Would have never put that together.
Yep.
@SenFeinstein thank you for standing up to this!  And thanks for your staff meeting with us to discuss healthcare! @OncologyNursing
Can you please speak to Murkowski and Collins who are on the fence
California is the biggest loser PERIOD. (As long as people like you are there)
CA IS ALREADY A BIG LOSER... BY SPENDING BILLIONS EACH YEAR ON ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS!   WE NEED JOBS... 20% + LIVING IN POVERTY!!  NOT HANDOUTS
Here's an idea, stop wasting billions of dollars every year on stupid legislation and stop counting on fed $ to make up the shortfall
Do your research CA is lg contributor to fed govt $ and receives much less compared to other states.
Federal budget doesn't work on basis of how much $ comes from @ state. Ridiculous argument.
Why
Easy fix. Take the illegals off medicare
To collect Medicare you must be a citizen or resident alien, must work 10 years. Undocumented immigrants aren’t allowed to collect ANYTHING
I meant Medicaid I know
I don’t believe any undocumented person can get Medi-Cal
http://www.coveredca.com/individuals-and-families/getting-covered/immigrants/ …
May be eligible. I believe that’s geared towards children and or pregnant women.
Whoa, what happened to your first guess of 54 billion? How did you calc either? Did you forget block grants or succeeding from the union
Thank you Diane for supporting regular Americans who need good healthcare. This bill is a travesty.
Many of We The People throughout this nation are working like crazy to make our voices heard against this insane bill
Yeah, because your the " Welfare State "! And put illegals before Americans! You aren't representing THIS country! You need totes down!
Do your research - On list of "welfare states" CA is one of least 46 out of 50
You do know most welfare spending is state funded
When I needed insurance, I got a job. Create jobs, not universal healthcare. You say “For all”, but don’t say “Paid by the few.”
Yet they give 700BILLION to military. I keep hearing it's the biggest and the best military. Why does it need so much $? Put it elsewhere
If this is a great bill then why do they have to pressure & make deals with some of the Republicans that are saying no! This bill stinks!
One thing Graham-Cassidy has shown is that Republicans could care less about people only what Koch's want and must be defeated in 2018!
WHY WOULD ANYONE VOTE FOR A PERSON THAT WISHED THEM #DEAD??=#GOP!#
How about what you will costs us for Obamacare or what you will lose with Obamacare, hypocrite.
You ought to lose all your Damn federal funds after refusing to cooperate with Federal officials that are enforcing laws made by Congress
More important is,  why is the California school system funding rank 45th
Our kids are the future of California,  yet the Democrats treat them at the bottom of the 50 states.  What are you and DEMs doing about it?
But you will have control. Isn't that what CALIFORNIA wants? You choose what is best. Sure you will have to adjust but better long-term.
I have control to buy a 5 million dollar home but not the resources - your argument is same faulty premise
Not sure what you mean. Can you explain your thought.
There are financial realities at play
Nailed it! "California is the biggest loser".
I believe the harm against CA is purposeful- revenge because the state opposes him. Can we just hold back our federal taxes now?
California is the biggest loser because California is the biggest suck on federal funds in the nation
High speed rail!
I understand your meaning..but humans would still be biggest losers.
Oh whatever will you do !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The horror !! Suck it up buttercup!!!
Of course we are. The one state that funds the fed net positive gets the shaft because we are a blue state.
SOUNDS LIKE CALIFORNIA HAS BEEN EXTORTING MONEY FROM THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT AND THE CITIZENS OF CALIFORNIA

#noGrahamCassidy #noGrahamCassidy #noGrahamCassidy #noGrahamCassidy #noGrahamCassidy #noGrahamCassidy #noGrahamCassidy #noGrahamCassidy
Yah and last week you were all over how 'great' it was to work with the Repubs and Trump. Wake up lady. #SoMuchWinning
That's not what was said! Where parties can work together they should but policies that Harm citizens/don't make sense Cannot be supported
Please fight, delay. Our lives depend on it.
Wow you're finally going to fight FOR California in this case rather than the countless times you voted w/ GOP to suck $, liberty from us?
Good
Hey who cares California wants to secede!
The tax payer and uninsured will be the biggest losers...
Convince our POTUS to secure his spot in history as the hero who enacted Medicare for All.
I agree with the first five words of your tweet. California is the biggest loser.
Yes CA needs those federal funds. I would prefer they didn't fund the many social programs though. Like sanctuary state, illegals, etc.
Yes it's true
That's because California has been the most irresponsible with taxpayers money.
Best thing that can happen to California.  We're preying for it.
Stop this health care bill from passing please! It's cruel!
California is one of 4 states that is receiving more Fed money than they should! Stop giving free healthcare to illegals is one solution.
CA spends plenty of $ on its illegals.  Just dig deep for your citizens, Dianne.  Priorities.
I'm glad you're good at math.  SO????  Maybe better fiscal choices?  That's a start.
the MediCAL system in CA is poorly run, mismanaged & fraudulent, & a victim of illegal immigration. 1-in-3 residents on MediCAL; a DISGRACE
In case you haven't noticed California is a BIG LOSER anyway!  Sanctuary state for illegals against our Constitution and our American laws!
That's 129 billion we won't be spending on foreign Nationals any illegal immigrants
What is the justification for cutting certain states? Many are blue?
Sounds like the best endorsement yet to repeal and replace Obamacare
Thank you for being vocal against #GrahamCassidy !
We shouldn't be so dependent on Federal Funds.  Especially when CA likes to boast about how "independent "  we are.
So get on that no vote  effort with your Republican cronies
Accurate!! The sweetheart deal #Obama made for blue states would end. #Feinstein is exactly right, it would then be fair for rest of us.
You make it sound like a big deal but since we've got the highest population in the US, the numbers are skewed to make it look worse
Lets keep that money here.
Good I'm glad because you and three other states were the biggest winners on Obamacare. You took advantage of all the rest of the states
So GOP apportioned the harm to states they'd like to eliminate from the union!
Any State that did not vote for #Trump will be the biggest loser. Calif should start de-funding the current regime until they get it right.
Federal dollars come from taxpayers who live in a State. Cut the middleman.
Good! It's time self centered Dems did their job and actually work WITH Repubs, not against! Dems auto reject ANYTHING by GOP! Criminal!
Well GOP stole the election and stole the SCOTUS, so now they plan to steal money from productive blue states. Natch.
#NoGrahamCassidy
Which means we won't be able to support the federal coffers either.  This does not 'promote the general welfare' of the nation.
#killthebill #protectourcare #grahamcassidyNO @senategop @housegop @SenTedCruz @vp @JudgeCarter @JohnCornyn #dobetter
Time to get rid of all the 'illegals' #California needs to save some money...
Repubs are trying to punish CA for voting Democratic!
CA Legislature spends too much money already & has stupid ideas like bullet train, no wall, no borders, punish citizens with immigrant labor
At what point can we stop paying federal taxes to subsidize Graham and Cassidy's states?
Why does CA receive so much more than any state in the US???
Because you are a blue state.  It's cruel and vindictive.
Yes,Dianne,California now gets 40% revenue for healthcare so we can understand why you don't want to give it up !!! State vs federal govt !
Actually Oregon is the biggest loser on a percentage basis with a 49% cut. Thanks a bunch @repgregwalden
Thank you Senator for standing with Californians! #NoOnGraham-Cassidy
Boo hoo
People are the biggest losers. Not states, Not federal government. Not abstractions. PEOPLE. WE, THE PEOPLE LOSE our health, homes, & lives.
Oh they hate blue states
If your gov believes the best way to eradicate trillions of dollars of debt is to spend trillions more, you live in a nation run by idiots
It proportionate Dianne. 20% of population gets 36% of funding. Really Dianne I think you can see injustice. What about the other states
Looks like funding that wall could pay off after all.
I think the tRump supporters hate Californians almost as much as they hate Muslims. Or heck, maybe more!
I despise California.
But we are a giant state made up of millions of people. How can you hate an entire state?
Yes Millions of arrogant people. And you're all bad drivers too.
California is already a "loser" State and when your single-payer debacle fails, don't come to my State looking for assistance, go away...
get rid of the free loaders
Do something about it you're a us senator I'm not
California has held that title for years!
I love California!
That's because you all expanded Medicaid to cover able bodied 30 yr old that shouldn't be on it.
We all lose!!!!
Speak for yourself.
You troll on!
Btw, You need to replace Bernie in the debate with someone else.
It's not a coincidence.
Agree. Now I would like you to support Medicare for All on a national level. Please+thank you, concerned constituent.
we need to sue them if they pass this and take it to the supreme court
Can you say SANCTUARY? How about WELFARE programs for ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS. And yes, you said it. CA is the biggest loser. Citizens first!
You speak the truth about CA.I mean of course the looser part.I suggest u recoop the 25 bil.missing - Gov.Brown, become American,& rep.USA.
Not surprising.  GOP can't see past the Koch brother' checkbook.
After Nixon lost (only) Massachusetts in 1972, he did everything he could in revenge.
Less for you CORRUPT CA POLITICIANS TO STEAL!!!!!
Thank you for not supporting it.
