'The dogma LIVES LOUDLY within 'YOU', and THAT'S a concern'. YES WE KNOW WHAT YOU THINK OF US, YOU NEVER SHUT UP... as Tori Amos once said.



Bernie's bigotry has spread to his Democrat Friends. Not confirming someone based on religion is unconstitutional. 
If Americans had Thier way, you would have the same Healthcare.
Senator Feinstein.. please talk to the GOP women senators! I strongly believe that the women of the Senate must turn this horror show away!
You communist democrats want nothing more than to turn our country into a population of mindless slaves to feed your greed. SHAME ON YOU
Chill Mike. I don't think you want 31 million people losing their HC in the next 10 years. Explain what you really want.
Top priority is actually Medicare for All, but nice try.
Yeah? It's gonna pass and Trump will sign it in the next two weeks? Or we save millions from losing insurance while building support for MFA
You're right, it's never the time to talk about gun control. How  'bout we let you set the timeline? And ration our rights as you see fit.
It's almost like you have no idea what you're talking about or are a Trump supporter trying to make single payer look bad
You can't defeat anything. And it's defeating Obamacare, not a Republican bill. You're still supporting disaster Obamacare.
Do one better and support #MedicareForAll. ACA is woefully inadequate. Yes, vote no on these repeals, but do something to fix it.
Have U seen the high premiums & deductbles? Unaffordable for most of us! U get cushy health ins.

Your priority should be confirming Potus judicial appointees not appalling statements against catholics. Disturbing
Do you want socialized medicine, but not for yourself. You hate Catholics, Christians. Why don't you go on Social Security and Medicare.
U have e reached an all time historical low as a govt. Employee,shame on u,u bigot
Your teams (all sides) are always fighting, in court, in land, in people...what has been created! A war on ALL! Think out of the Box!
And the best way to defeat it is Medicare for All!
Please support the Medicare for All bill!
#SaveACA
Ur conduct against catholic beliefs is disturbing and must be investigated. Highly offensive to my family! @FoxNews
Since u don’t have Obamacare, guess U R oblivious to the fact that premiums already went up 20% in January! B honest & say the plan sucks!
Senator, I just seen you on CNN, you are a wonderful person with dignity and class. Something we are missing so much these days.
Sen, why are you not supporting Medicare for All? Could be symbolic at this point given Dems minority position, but it says a lot!!!
Please find out why they are willing to let Murkowski keep the ACA for Alaska in exchange for her yes vote!
See??
Weird that my children could die because one of our elected representatives was paid millions to kill their health coverage for profit.
NOT!
Single payer would be the destruction of the American health care system. Don't you dare vote for this.
No ACA. #Medicareforall or be gone!
I'm with you .@SenFeinstein #SaveACA
Well, make it so!
Not "a top" - THE TOP.
Repeal obamacare dedund planned parenthood. Then you need to stay home
So when r ya apologizing for the anti catholic bigotry?????
Please work on saving Obamacare.  It has saved the lives of so many!!
Oh one more thing, please retire already. We need term & age limits in Congress! We need fresh relevant minds, not old irrelevant minds!
DON'T ATTACK CATHOLICS FOR BEING CATHOLICS. BUNCH OF HYPOCRITES!
Please read this thread, Sen. Feinstein, and do everything you can to stop G-C bill:
1: #GrahamCassidy is far *WORSE* than full ACA repeal. This is not getting much attention.
Sept. 17th, 2017  Sunday,  @CNN State of The Union, Will join watching you this morning. Guest @SenFeinstein ; Anchor : @DanaBash, GOD BLESS
8:17am CT.  WATCHING NOW,  Guest Interview @SenFeinstein w/ Anchor: @DanaBash
8:38amCT. Enjoyed your interview with @DanaBash,that particularly interesting was about your CATHOLIC FAITH and Dogma @SenFeinstein ; TRUTH
TAXATION WITHOUT REPRESENTATION! #novotenovoice #novotenovoice
How dare you question somebody's religion as a job qualification as a business owner I'm not allowed to do that
We want this bill and let states run Healthcare. We do not trust DEMOCRATS on our health. We see death panels. Your words say that.
You might as well be replaced with a Republican if you keep undermining healthcare rights.
Aca can't be supported.  Please....govt health care kills people and slows  growth of improved care.  Drain on taxpayers, etc. Etc.
rather DEFEATING your opposition to Single Payer. How about responding to your constituents instead of avoiding them.
PLEASE STOP THEM! THIS IS SO WRONG!
God bless you! 
Healthcare = life
Thank you, Senator Feinstein!
And then you'll support #MedicareForAll -right?
No problem so long as Congress isn't exempted
Thank you. I’m terrified by what Graham-Cassidy would do to people I serve. #SaveACA
Give us something like obama I dont care.
Please support Medicare for all.
So you feel Medicare is a human right?
SINGEL PAYER NOW???! SB562???
Hope everyone realizes that Vermont (ya know - bernies state) pulled the plug in single payer in 2014....
Please look (as common sense would suggest) at single payer examples and see how they have done before you support it. Hmm
Senator Feinstein expect a call from me Monday morning on this very issue
Is that a threat?
@SenFeinstein, remember you work for Californians.  Californians want #MedicareForAll
Come out in support of #MedicareForAll. People have been harassed by bill collectors for  too long b/c they're unable to pay medical bills.
Majority in our state want medicare for all. Please get on board or get out. We've out grown you. You are not working in our best interest.
Thank you. MFA may be future, but the ACA is NOW, & we have to protect that FIRST! Hope you & Senate Dems have strategy to fight Rs on this!
THE top. This bill frees states to unprecedented cruelty. You have no idea how bad it can be in Republican-controlled states.
The nerve of you to attack that Catholic Professor. You were just another smelly Jew trying to push anti moral agenda
So you are now preaching the law over dogma but are for leaving the borders open and keeping illegals here. Maybe dogma controls you?
Is it in your heart to keep them here? Maybe guilt? But in the end you are thumbing your nose at law! Do democrats share a single brain?
@Dookofurl this will never end until single payer is signed into law.
Why didn’t @SenSanders wait to showboat his #Ponycare distraction?
We cannot trust these swamp dwellers 2 administer our healthcare.  They will kill us off, 2 save entitlements, starting w/seniors.  Vote out
Congress has been cheating on their own HC.  Obligated 2 use AHC, found a "get around" by lying & applying as small businesses.  Saved 12K!
SP/HC, Congress & wealthy celebs, will use pvt practice doctors, while we get nurses or doctors w/bad credentials. Remember how they ran VA
SP/UK has AIDS epidemic.  They offer AIDS testing kits in vending machines. Y don't they C "free" doctor?  No disease or partner controls!
SP/UK, lost 2400 Hemophiliacs 2 AIDS tainted blood.  How can this happen to so many, 20yrs after screening?  Accident or culling population?
(5) If Gov is in charge of our health, they will cull any costly or undesirable group of patients.  Seniors, Diabetics, Cancer & Hemophiliac
(4) Keith Ellison was caught on hot mic saying, Pelosi wants SP/HC bit not ready to reveal to constituents.  Why?  Because it won't B good
(3) Payments 2 pvt insurers beyond paying their premiums, is called Cost Sharing Reduction (CSR).  AHC can't exist w/o, Pres refuses 2 pay.
(2) AHC is DOA and all Dems know it.  Can't work unless taxpayers support payments 2 pvt insurers, in addition 2 outrageously high premiums!
Who the HELL do u think u r talking DOGMA in a "witch hunt" interrogation,I have 2 call it that,we have freedom here & U r against them,
(1)  Graham-Cassidy Bill is abetter alternative to Single Payer HC "free".  Gov will decide who lives/who dies.  Who is treated, who is not?
In that case you need to realign your priorities Senator. The 1st priority should be regulating credit reporting firms #EquifaxDataBreach
Yes, defeat this nonsense bill and support Medicare for all, Senator.
And next to go-Senator Lindsay Graham! 2018 is a coming...
How about #savemytaxdollars
This is just as bad and nothing can be done as employer based health insurance open enrollment is Oct 1!
Truman said its impossible to get rich in politics unless you're a crook. Hmmmmm
Please stand to reinforce ACA and Medicaid expansion.  Seniors loosing long term care- no need to rebuild Florida and Texas centers?
Ad: GOP cuts health care to millions who suffer from devastating hurricanes destruction; millions other struggle with IDTheft. Pure evil.
.@GOP refuses 2 go 2 Regular Order & work w Dems 2 fix ACA. Affordable Healthcare is nonpartisan. Repeal-No Replacement is wrong! #SaveACA
Please don't let them take away my health insurance!
Obamacare was a Ponzi scheme from the start. Never intended to work. It's imploding that's what you get from democrats
#MedicareForAll
Right now the ACA has to be saved. Nothing else is up for a vote.
No, Senator. Saving the ACA just gives Republicans a target to attack and fundraise on. Listen to us. Now is the time for #MedicareForAll
Yes!  Because clearly, you'll be paying for it too.  NOT.  Plz, waste more if my tax dollars. - Nobody Ever
...of...
Concurrently, DACA, also
Worst of luck to you, ma'am. ;)
Call/write Congress and tell them to vote No. This is another GOP bill that will take away the healthcare we need.
Call your senators relentlessly folks
How about passing DREAM ACT, a budget you know important stuff that you are elected to do and are paid for by my tax dollars.
Do you have Obamacare?
Save a failing program that nobody except moochers wants.
That's Feinstein's idea of "A Better Deal" for the insurance industry.
Graham-Cassidy is massive reallocation of tax dollars from Cal & other blue states to red states. Enough is enough! Californian tax revolt?
How about cosponsoring the #MedicareForAll bill while you're at it? You can do two things at the same time, can't you?
Glad to see Dems paying attn now. Heard @ this b4 u returned from recess. Why no words til now? Actions?
Get he pac and slush fund raising early. Buy buy congress again. Or wait that was Iran.
Hey Dianne how about all those contracts you awarded to your husband? #crooked  #TermLimits
Second only to voting you out... do you still dye your hair?
Yes! Drive a stake through that bill so it never comes to life again!
McCain won't stab his buddy Graham in the back like he did Trump.
Hey all Indivisibles start calling Congress . They want to take healthcare away again. We won't let them.
They are not taking it away the federal Govt did that already with OBAMACARE. Time for state to run it
Good luck . You demo whacks are all bark no bite . Powerless
Call your sens and reps
Well do you represent all of your constituents in California or just democrats in your District Sen Feinstein ?
Yes. Thank you. Sound the alarm. Scream from mountain tops. Stop this monstrosity. Build the stupid wall, if that's what it takes.
Yep he knew it would implode causing premiums to sky rocket.
Remember you can keep your doctor. It will costs less. All lies lies lies lies.
Thank you, senator. Glad to have you fighting for both our state and Americans everywhere.
Hell you guys cant even stop treason emolument cause violations i am sure we will get screwed again
Feinstein quit selling out good Americans for votes
Withhold consent
No.
The Republican Congress wants to hurt families by taking their healthcare away?
PLEASE!!
And to let Mueller do his job without getting fired from Trumpf
You're right, but can't the @SenateGOP take a break from trying to do harm?  I'm exhausted
.@gop promised to replace with something better. They have had 7 years and all they have is worse. Fix ACA then work on Medicare for all.
And impeaching/dethroning @realdonaldtrump
Why are We Still Playing with Clowns . That @SenFeinstein I Have Years Of Saved Treaso BEFORE Trump  Are we That  Incompetent  ?
#repealobamacare
Publish all the details and the problems it will cause. Buy commercial time to tell the truth about this Bill

You may not like Obamacare but lets hope more than these stupid cartoons you want good healthcare not just to not have Obamacare!

Tell us specifically how the Graham Bill will make all of our Healthcare better and be better for all of American. Let's debate and discuss
Well tell me how keeping the ACA with insurers backing out left and right will help? Why do you think 2020 D candidates are backing Bernie?!
I'll tell you why: they want to get out from underneath the failing ACA just to save face when 2020 rolls around. Bernie is a just a front!
I'm a little confused. I just want a good healthcare Bill. I am asking what is good and what is not good in the current Bill.
Well it's 1272 pages. Written in a very foreign lawyer-speak and I couldn't even get past 100 pages. Healthcare shouldn't be so complicated!
Agree but I still want better not just a check in the box and if this isn't what they want to do fix the ACA until they are committed

Save and Repair ACA.
I am speechless that there are senators proud of this bill. Who have we become as a nation that it is a good thing to take healthcare away?
It's pathetic, isn't it? :-(
How about insread of DEFEAT, fix TAX REFORM, Americans ate fed up with the Leftist DO NOTHING BULLSHIT! Be a WINNER!
Hands OFF my #ACA
Democrats agree with London’s Muslim Mayor: Terror Attacks ‘Part And Parcel Of Life In A Big City’
