This is a false narrative... Dreamers aren't criminals.
Feinstein, you lie. 62,000,000 real Americans want DACAs & their parents out of the U.S. immediately.
How many of these so called "dreamers" applied for citizenship? What about the dreams of US citizen children?? US children deserve to be 1st
76% definitely DO NOT agree! Where'd you get that figure? CNN?
I might buy 50%, but not commie Feinstein's figure.
I don't know anyone that supports amnesty, OR has been polled. I know a lot of ppl.
With any Dem poll, I just flip the numbers and it's more accurate. So in this case, 76% DONT want DACA
Great minds think alike!!! I do the same thing. I'm sure that pollsters walk up to people and say out of the side of their mouth, "U a Dem?"
Lol exactly! "Ok good. So you won't mind answering this unbiased poll?"
I agree...and I love the Dreamers! They are citizens already in my book... let's help them become American citizens.
Until one of them rapes and kills one of us.... oh wait....
I'm in the 24% then.
No shit!  More over and give some room.  I'm coming aboard
illegals deserve nothing... how about they get in line behind all the legal applicants and then we can discuss their penalty
76% of Americans believe that the Dreamers should dream in their own country
Don't call them by the euphemism 'dreamers', they are illegal immigrants!
76% of California maybe ..but the rest of America disagree with you Senator Feinstein ..
P.S
 You won't take our guns either 
#TermLimits
What part of this do you not understand... Oh yes 2 you their not illegal aliens they're undocumented Democrat Voters
Nope
Backgrounds should be throughly checked before 'Dreamers' are given a pathway to citizenship. Not other family members, just the 'Dreamers!'
Senator you really don't believe that do you. Maybe 76% of California want it, but not 76% of the country NO WAY!!
Diane....they'll never be living near you. But they'll be living near me.  Thanks Diane, for taking care of Americans first.
I was never polled.  I feel DACAs should leave the U.S. I'd have to say that 76% is way too high.  Poll me!!!!
Congress must defend the constitution and enforce our laws
MSM & Congress s/ report on Dreamers shouting Amnesty for All demands to @NancyPelosi—like MSM reported for >8days on Trump-gov travel costs
1) Americans support #Dreamers only b/c they don’t know that ungrateful, obnoxious Dreamers have demanded Amnesty for All,
2. #Dreamers support sanctuary cities, & want ICE banned; i.e., want open borders.
Nope.  nope nope nope nope nope. No. Nada. No no no. Nope no nope... nopee nope nope nope. Nopedy nope nope nope nope . #EndDACA
Da fuq? Not me, at all.
I guess there is so many Fake Polls and Fake News you just decided to create your Own? This would be inaccurate No Doubts follow the Law!
I disagree with your percentage.
#endDaca
Polls show also show over 80 percent of Americans say #DeportThemAll 
I guess you like lower wages for Americans just like a true Lefty
Build the Wall. Deport all illegals. Jobs jobs jobs. Lower taxes. Drain the swamp. Lock her up.
Demi just want these people in for more votes and they will flood with entitlements when enough of the on the system then comes SOCIALISM
You mean these "dreamers"?
I love it when illegals, not even wearing American hats, shoot me the middle finger.  Why do they think we want that here?
Where is this poll as well as the methodology used.  Should be interesting....I'll wait.
Probably polled illegals and dead people!
Yes
Well sweetie you all were given 6 mos. quit bitching and get it done!!
No they don't.  100% agree you are mentally ill and loved the video of daca ppl attacking your mentally ill friend pelosi. Karma rules
I left Commiefornia because of your ignorance
Why are you lying?
More fake polls as well as fake news
BS #FakeNews  polling just like the election. You can't fool us any longer. The Path to citizenship begins at the back of the line.
Americans deserve a secure boarder! Support the security of southern boarder first!

Will you ever do anything good for Americans or will you forever spout your self serving crap?  I cringe at your name as a woman.
they already have a path,it's called LEGAL IMMIGRATION
Not true.  More like 76% are against it.  End DACA say NO to chain migration.
They have one...

Follow the Laws on the books and apply like everyone else did. That's legally here.

I would love to see where that fake poll came from. 76%, delusional much. #TermLimits
Why do they deserve citizenship? Why must congress pass the #DreamAct ? To cover for Obama's unconstitutional and criminal behavior?
So worried about Daca? Why not worry about the American CITIZENS that are hurting because of obamacare !! Do your F'ing job !!
End chain migration. We don't want the rest of the country to become like your 3rd world California. We don't want to be another Mexico.
#endDACA we already have a pathway to citizenship!  My family has dreams too...GET IN LINE
No 76% of Democrats want it 100% of Republicans don’t. Defund and deport
You raised your hand...right...that oath thing...?
Did person who made up 75% stat same person who made up the 97% of scientists believe in manmade global warming? Latter was later debunked
Lemmesee.... you support the butchery of babies & I save them: nope... we can't work together till Godless Dems stop supporting butchery.
Baloney.. Lying liar.
76% of the AMERICANS in your room. But, your standing there alone huh?

#Breaking:#Illegals cost American taxpayers $135B a year:free medical care/education.#Trump #wall cost a 1 time $22B http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/record-135-billion-a-year-for-illegal-immigration-average-8075-each-25000-in-ny/article/2635757 …
you lie 96% want them deported
Pull a number out of your butt, no one will check it.. add qualifiers as needed.
100% of Americans agree, there is a path to citizenship if you keep heading south.
Making up stats as usual! Maybe 76% of YOUR STATE, but not of the entire USA!
I've got news for you, you don't speak for me, or anyone I know for that matter. #termlimits
The path is back to their country of origin and in line.
#Wrong
and why should any Republican work with you? haven't seen you caring about the things we need
Pipe down. Nobody deserves anything
BS
They are illegal, we don’t want them here
You didn't give 2 shits when 70% of Americans didn't want obamacare. Now you must do the people's Will? Can you say hypocrisy?
Where did you get that poll? @CNN FAKE NEWS NO "dreamers" aren't special, we have DREAMER AMERICANS that come 1st GFYS.
Read the replies Ms. Feinstein, that is not true! You are fighting AGAINST YOUR constituents, not for them!  #DACA
I'm waiting for someone to admit that a significant number of #DACA folks worked illegally B 4 DACA using stolen identities & forged docs.
#NoAmnesty #NoDreamAct they have the same path as all other immigrants that become legal citizens. All else is Bullshit
DREAM ON! FAKE NEWS! MAGA!
Yeah where the hell do you get your numbers from. You can’t count the illegals as Americans. No way 76% my ass.
All lies !! You must have polled only  California and New York
 No way this is true
No, you puppet.
No way lady, I use that term loosely, I don't know a single person that wants that.
Yeah, and 76% also said that Hillary would win all of Obama's 57 states! How's that working out?
No they don't
Mab u mean 76%of Democrats.
No amnesty, #Dreamers have had plenty of time to make it legal, you do not know what the American people want
I call BS. PUT AMERICANS FIRST!!!!!!!

lol ok 
Ummmmmm let me think on it....nope
No! Some BS MSM poll
Bullshit.  76% of #Dreamers don't even agree with this.
So if someone Illegally enters your home & decides to stay and live there forever that would be okay with you?? It's the same exact thing!!

NO WE DON'T ~> ELECTIONS HAVE CONSEQUENCES!

TRUMP is .@POTUS !!!

#NoDACA
#BuildTheWall
#NoMoreAmnesty
BULLSHIT!! You do not reward "CRIMINALS" with Citizenship!! Illegal Immigrants are CRIMINALS!!
Who are you polling, your fellow Congress 'mates'?
What “Americans” did u survey? Latin or South? No way USA citizens would say that. JESUS, we just elected Trump to stop this shit. 65M of us so that takes 50% out of ur “Americans” pool. Good grief...
76% of “Californian Americans” maybe... Your party is a laughing stock! #Resist #MAGA
Are you counting CA illegal immigrant opinions in your 76% of "Americans", cause I bet they do!
Not this American!!!
Whose stats? Seems off. Thinking this would be divided 50/50 just like this country is divided on almost everything. #MAGA 
Wrong @SenFeinstein. You must have gotten your numbers from the libs, illegals and dead voters. You need to support our laws AND constitution or get out of politics. Only options for you.



Ah Nope
Don't believe your poll..noone I know supports it..
It's unconstitutional!
#NoDACA
#NoAnchorbabies
#noChainMigration
#NoIllegalAliens
How about enforce our laws.
That must explain #Killary winning the presidency.  Great job Sherlock #CantFixStupid
Liar liar panties on fire. #DrainTheSwamp
Yeah so do it the legal way
I was t asked and I bet you only asked those dreamers and not American citizens.
A Long Windy bumpy strenuous path 
It shouldn’t be easy
But FIRST BUILD #WALL to stop illegal immigration ONCE & FOR ALL
parentsincluded
And, there already is a pathway to citizenship. Just come here legally, that's all.
More like 100% of Liberal Socialists, and 0% of Americans.
No one is above the law! Yet you want to make these people, just that! #NOWAY!
DENY DACA until you pass NO CHAIN MIGRATION Immigration Bill - PERIOD!!
WHEN U call press conference to denounce chain migration/ prove it is NOT part of ANY DACA bill, maybe you can convince me you aren't LYING!
No
We
Don't
Quit making up statistics Dianne. There isn't 76% of the people that are liberal to get close to your made up statistic.
WRONG only overrun California does! Democrats take the money out of Your pockets, bring them home with you! Take them to Harry's Ranch! UPAY
1) Return to home country 2) Apply for immigration This is a very concise and legal path.
Maybe 76% of Democrats.
Not true! #MAGA #WednesdayWisdom
Wrong again.
False percentage!
No, we didn't agree.
Where did you derive that number from? The same people that promised a Hillary landslide? Seriously, where?
#fakepoll Trump wouldn't have been elected by running on #NODACA if your figures were true.
No Senator. God only knows where you get your numbers but 76 is definitely not right.
BS maybe 76 percent of California
No they don't! Who did your poll, CNN?
You are delusional!
Then you and rest of congress needs to man up and do your job. Quit blaming @realDonaldTrump for following the law.
I request to see the data backing up this lie. #transparency
As per Constitution... DEPORT ALL ILLEGALS. Do you job or retire!
Nope
#NoAmnesty   #NoDACA
Are these the same polls that said #Hillary would win by a landslide in the 2016 election?
Is this the same poll that said Hitlery was going to win the election? #FakeFacts
Wrong..you probably got those stats from #CNNFAKENEWS
Please keep stalling until it expires.
Better yet, how can we all become illegal so we can break the law with immunity and skip out on paying taxes, registering our cars, etc.?
Must be using common core statistics
NO!  We can't allow Western Civilization to fall to the mob rule of the least common denominator! https://youtu.be/yYx6bYqM8qo  #nodaca #NoAmnesty
Maybe 76% of liberals, not Americans.
No, we do not. I invite you to look around Congress & the White House, notice who we elected. #NoAmnesty.
Veteran's and homeless first !!!!

Americans dream that you would stop trying to destroy us. Seems like your loyalty is misplaced.
No amnesty.Follow the LAW!Deportation for all here illegally.No ifs,no buts,no exceptions.
False numbers liar
76% of the Dems polled, Not the majority of Americans. Dems have always fought for the immigrants and have forsaken their own citizens.
Not buying the 76%
Teddy Rosevelt said let the imigrant embrace our values,wave our flag,speak our language,if not let them go back home&DACA
Recipients havent
76 percent wow. The country is freaking split on everything from coffee to football but your poll brought us all together. Amazing!!
By the same polls that predicted Hillary would win. Also counting illegals.

No. America doesn't agree.
Here is another fake statistic. Thanks Dianne for promulgating lies. If the statistic were true Hillary would be POTUS.
7.6% Aaaah, u r using that new math. Let's c your work so we can show u where u moved the decimal point
Fact: Illegal Aliens r Law Breakers
Who did you ask? Just Dems and illegals?  Because I don't know ANY R's or I's who want path to citizenship for ANY illegal #dreamers or not
BULLSHIT!
LIES, LIES & MORE LIES TO MAKE THEIR AGENDA REAL!! #FAKE
She's a liar .
Did you get that number from polling the usual 1000 ppl? Someday you'll realize the silent majority are the ones that hang up on pollsters.
Not buying your concern for poor DACA children, I mean adults. You only care about this issue because you think you can get more votes. Sad
I guess they couldn't fit you in! #EndDACA deport ALL! #BuildThatWall #MAGA
76% of mostly Democrats polled.AMERICAN dreamers first!Law breaker illegals?Take a number,get in line,wait for your number to be called.
Dreamers are illegals you twit
You mean 76% of illegals.
Liar!!!!!!
Senator you’re playing politics & it’s wrong
This isn’t right & democrats are not looking out for our best interests just in increasing their voter base & they know it.
Thats a NO NO NO from me. No one bothered to ask though 
Did you get your poll numbers from the same people who said Hillary was going to win big?
That is total BS
This is wrong to minority’s most! I’m a Brooklyn boy I went to failing schools stressed public transportation lack of work opportunities
What about inner cities? These people are economic migrants. They will stress public schools already failing, hospitals ER room prices

