I, like the majority of your constituents favor single payer. You don't represent CA voters. I look forward to voting for your opponent.
It is disgusting that you can have such an absurdly high net worth, and won't support a basic need like #Medicare4All for others. Retire.
#SinglePayer #MedicareForAll #TermLimits
Tulsi Gabbard Schools Dianne Feinstein on ‘Medicare For All’ Tulsi pledges to support a 'Medicare For All' system. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fnpzwdjqvqw#t=226.189168 … 
Love Tulsi, she stands up for the people not the corps.
We will fight you until you support single payer. Stop acting like a republican god damn it! You say the same things they do! You are sick!
Nice to see you support a family owned business
NOT IMPORTANT! Higher priority N Korea, Russia, Ur husband getting millions in Govt contracts, Muslims killing Americans ...
Do something about this!
Donald Trump To Have Dinner With Supreme Court Justices who may rule on the travel ban http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/donald-trump-supreme-court-dinner_us_58fcfa9be4b018a9ce5c241d?ncid=fcbklnkushpmg00000013&section=politics …
You don't support health care for all so I will no vote for you.
 paleezzzeeeee.
What is going on with the SIC on Russia?! We are hearing your investigation is stalled, understaffed and inexperienced!
we know u like the cocktail circuits better than in & out, the cute fake stuff doesn't fly with us like it might with the old folks, stop it
Thank you Senator.
Thank you for listening to us.  Please take time to reconsider #SinglePayer
Medicare for All. For starters.
God Bless You Senator!!
Unable to get through to any of the GOP members of the committee I called @KamalaHarris requesting Sen. Burr recuse himself.
Bet you had a 4x4.
Stop voting with the republicans that is all
You did something right for once this year. In-N-Out!
Funny how libs can have uninterrupted townhalls and reps. have interlopers.  I wonder who respects others right to listen and ask questions.
I remember Abbie Hoffman & Jerry Rubin at dem. con. in Chicago/Cow Palace. Protest but don't take away another's right to speak or listen.
45 spent $107M on Inaugural; ascertain what monies were spent and how much is available for charity
How could you not support single payer healthcare?
Cut the crap, Dianne, all this faux stuff makes you look as false as you are!  Billionaire row, Dianne!
take a pic of you eating a big messy burger next time ya nimrod. I don't believe you ate there
So, you think medicare is a take over of the medicine, you're either lying or very ignorant.
@BernieSanders I believe you need to educate your colleague on Medicare for all. @SenFeinstein thinks it's mafia style take over?
where u deflected & didn't answer the questions + had ur reps tell u when it was time to move on? u corp dems are so democratic!
It doesn't matter if it can't pass. Support Medicare for all. No one gives a shit what you are eating.
Please resign and retreat into your lobbyist sponsored retirement lifestyle to relish the days when you actually were progressive.
You're nearly everything wrong with the Democratic party. Retire.
Please, take care of yourself. Get a fresh juice (I suggest Einstein) at Whole Foods, once in a while. We need you!
That must taste good after refusing to support legislation that would save millions of lives.
I knew you were a great woman of great taste! Double Double Grilled Onions!
Doesn't surprise me that this BS politician doesn't support Medicare for all. She's a fossil living off of Medicare.
Be sure to check under the cup for the message from the Christian-only hiring company.

How much is that ring worth?
@cmarinucci oh please help make this gem viral 
Truly Californian.  Stay another six years Senator!  We need your voice
I love In-n-Out, too. You're catching a lot of heat for being so pragmatic. Lots of Dems aren't expecting perfection. Keep fighting for us.
Hey look democrats, pay no attention to the fact that I side with the GOP on HC...I eat in-n-out. #SinglePayer #demexit
We'll never have progress until corrupt right wingers like you are removed from Congress.
If you won't fight for #MedicareForAll now, why should we expect you to with a Dem majority? It's not a carrot on a stick for elections.
Thank you for all your work on our behalf!!
In-N-Out - a great California tradition
Thanks for the Town Hall. GOP are chicken! Forget who their real bosses are!

#ScienceMarchRiverside
#earthday2017
at Superior Court
4178 Main St…
I heard you pissed a lot of people off by not supporting medicare for all. SELLOUT!!!!
Diane, so you got the in and out urge!
you are Awesome! And the spitting image of my late GrandMother Geraldine Swift. Pt. Richmond, Ca. Look her up.. Thanks again..
Corporate Establishment politicians like you need to retire! #TermLimits4Congress #CorporateSockpuppets #NeoCons #DINO
Thank you for your time on Thursday. Please continue to have town halls.
Yay! Stay focused: #Trumprussia #impeachTrumpnow
You go girl!
nice Dianne
Wow. You're like just like any average American...that jumps on every opportunity to go to war and destroy lives around the world. #Primary
official senate portrait right here!
Social media staff: this was such an awesome post. More like it please!
Thank you so much for your hard work. I appreciated your poise and your thoughtful and reasoned responses today. (And I loved your suit!)
I heard it got a little raucous!
Did you have a town hall meeting in Los Angeles yet?
Man. You are cool.
We want trump investigated by an independent counsel. Trump is a crook. Impeach
Didn't know In-N-Out served prune juice.
My mother went to high school with you! You were a freshman when she was a senior.
There is always room for some In-n-Out! Am I right? 
Fuel up for the coming fight.
I will actively campaign against you if you don't support Medicare for All. @justicedems
Senate Feinstein, u are superb!!!
I was at your 70th birthday in SF - you look very beautiful
The pretend photo at in-n-out (no food) is a perfect metaphor for how you've failed to represent the state. Time to retire!!!
Gross
How about checking Trump's overfunded Inaugural Committee and NSC meetings with donors?  It's time to find the truth! @maddow 
Love Senator Feinstein!
What happens now that #marymccord is done? How does investigation keep going?
Single payer please
She said she wasn't for it in her town Hall.
And that makes it  to not represent me here constituent
You fight like a pitbull, thank you!
Thank you Senator Feinstein 🖒🖒🖒
You are the best!
Best What? Certainly not best Senator. More like in the bottom 2%. At least Kamila Harris owns the 1% by herself.
@GPKellyS97526 If that is your real name, you are a rude troll which is why you have so few followers.
Thanks for all you do!We democrats stand together with you for all the great causes we stand for, human rights, clean energy,Healthcare, etc
I love In-N-Out.
To bad your time as a Senator isn't in n out
When do we get a town hall in San Diego? you've been ignoring the second largest city in CA.
You using an alternative map? Hi from LA & San Fran!
This is why I love you so much
Will you be having a town hall in San Diego?
Enjoy your much deserved break.
You are amazing!
Please RETIRE or follow Sen. Sanders #StillSanders
I know I can trust a woman who will stop and eat at in n out burger  . Thanks
I watched
...  so good!
The real question?  Animal style or no? Lol.  Keep up the fight, don't back down!
What's wrong with your hair. You should fix it before you go out
Lucky 
Flatulence machine
Sup, homegirl!!  Reppin' Cali-for-ni-yaaay!!!
I gather the Republican did not pay mobs to show up like you Democrats do at Republican town halls and disrupt
Did you actually see her San Francisco town hall? Not exactly a friendly crowd...
Confirms that you are a REAL Ca Girl. Your comments re Senate Investigation gave me hope that @realDonaldTrump mis-deeds will catch up w/him
With kindness &!respect, she is a woman. As over the age of 13. We want to ensure we are given due respect as women. :)
Thanks for coming and holding the event.
You were terrific at SF Town Hall. Intelligent, knowledgeable, responsive, respectful. Thank you!
So no condemnation of the Antfi violence in Berkeley? You going to do a Maduro? Disarm the populace and arm your Antifa supporters?
How about work for Medicare For-All, a taxation on carbon, and other progressive agendas if you really care about the future of America.
Get back to Washington they are trying to pass a worse HC bill!!
#1 animal style, i sure do miss In-N-Out
You need to quit before 2018
Thanks, Senator. I really appreciated your candor today. Particularly appreciated your comments on Trump & family's misuse of the Office
thanks for the town hall! It was great
I enjoyed the Town Hall in San Francisco. Thank you for doing it.
And that is why i love you!!
4x4?
Wishing we could sit down with @SenFeinstein at In-N-Out for discussion on a few topics of national & Californian concerns. #dubswithdianne
Thank you Sen Feinstein 
Thank you, Senator. Hope that's a milk shake ;)
Go Diane!  I miss being a Californian
You where told today to do your job or shut up! Term limits are needed! Your out touch with the people!
Thanks for representing our great state.
Medicare for all, fund public education, college debt forgiveness!!!
Still believe in Santa Claus Binky?
Thanks @SenFeinstein for your insight & candor while discussing noteworthy issues such as the environment & transportation at the town hall
The first thing I get when I land in LA -- Best. Burgers. Ever.  Oh, and great job at the town hall meetings :)
Great recommendation. I'll probably be hungry after a weekend canvassing for single-payer.
Thanks for holding the town halls!
Please come to San Diego. We really want a town hall too!
Can you give us a subtle wink  to assure us that the USA is going to be ok and not drag us into a world war? Fight the good fight Dianne 
I'll buy you some fries and a 4x4 animal style if you support single-payer healthcare. deal?
I know many were harsh but the GOP is out of control! the few middle class CITIZENS of CA need your help. PLEASE represents OUR NEEDS.
This really speaks to the people of California.
Thank you for your work. When oh when does the investigation begin again?
This is kind of awesome, and I'm getting in 'n out now.
@SenFeinstein when will you call for Sessions to resign?
Retire please.

You need to rein in your Clintonist centralist posture and believe in something.
Great job representing us!
Thank you for working so hard for us Senator! #westandwithyou
you were great today, thank you!
Thanks for fighting the good fight Senator! If I see you in an In-n-out, can I get a high-five?
You're just like us!
Please get on board with single payer or get out of the way for someone who is.
Two California institutions!!!!!!!
Keep refueling. We need you.
Sessions, Pruitt, Pence, and Trump need to go. Our country is being divvied up between billionaires while we see dreams for our children die
Medicare for all, right?RIGHT?
Would you rather taxes go to Medicare for all or POTUS golf? Or 54 Billion more on military? Or Corporate welfare? Or Prison for non violent
offenders. Or FBI and CIA waste? Or Melania living in NYC. Or Charter schools (devos), Or outdated war on drugs? What ARE you okay with?
Keep eating them burgers, probably will need #HR676 #MedicareForAll @SenSanders Oh wait. Senators HAVE govt. provided health insurance.
YES! Sen. Dianne Feinstein of CALIFORNIA; completely understanding, nice photo also. Suddenly I'm thirsty.
I didn't sound too good from where I heard
Nice, how about another one when people can actually go?
I'm not even in your district, but I think you are AWESOME, Senator Feinstein!! #letscloneher
No worries, the old bag appreciates softheaded support regardless of origin. F?She's so old & decrepit, doesn't even know where she is now
Why did it take you 24 years to hold a town hall meeting with your constituents?
I won't lie; I'll be a little disappointed if this isn't your next campaign photo.
Great place! Get some Animal Style fries!
...p.s.,  next time have it at Levi stadium so the rest of us can go too!!
I'd like to buy you a coke.  Thank you Senator for all that you do!
Woohoo. You go girl! ..Enjoy!
Love you Senator! Thanks for all you do!
She's not interested in working for all Californians you what kind of person has their picture taken it in and out burger so that they can
You are a republican. I hope you get primaried you sell out.
