The people are demanding an independent bi partisan investigation into Trump Flynn Russia.  Do you Support This?
This is great but please push for independent investigation of Trump Admin ties to Russia. Democracy at stake.
why the 7 month intelligence delay?
please investigate Russian connection to election.
Demand an independent counsel! Stand up and don't stop screaming until Sessions appoints one!
thank you for your leadership here. Please investigate thoroughly!
Thank you. GOP refusal to investigate leads me to think they know what the outcome will be & have chosen party over country.
Demand a full investigation
Please keep demanding an independent, bipartisan investigation of this. THANK YOU!
Thank you! I wholeheartedly agree we need a full investigation into Trump's ties with #Russia and he must be held accountable
As a Californian, I request you demand a full investigation. I expect nothing less.
Jeff Sessions must recuse himself from any investigation into this matter.  Thank you for your voice in the Senate.
Please refuse to do any business as usual until all of Congress agrees to an independent investigation.
Whomever gathered & leaked info about a private call from a US citizen has broken the law - should be arrested and prosecuted!
you need to fight for a bipartisan independent commission to investigate
all of you in the legislative branch must push for a complete investigation. Make the AG look into all of this.
independent investigation
@KamalaHarris Rand Paul saying there's no value investigating his own party? What R @SenateDems doing 2 ensure investigation?
Thank you. Can we expect you to request a full investigation?
Thank you. Republicans who refuse an independent investigation are a disgrace and their actions treasonous.
@rosemhook we demand an investigation into how much contact there was with Russia before the election by Trump.
Please continue to push for a full investigation. Thank you.
Senator, we have GOT to get to the bottom of what looks like Russian collusion! More ppl knew than Flynn! Trump=treason!
how about leading a push to win Tom prices seat in Ga we need leadership to win this seat and others this year
@IndivisibleSF Thank you Senator.
Keep after them to get the questions answered.
lock him up!! He is using Hitler's playbook.
you are insane!
Hillary has been investigated thoroughly. She did nothing illegal.
Well stated, Senator. PLEASE stay on this! @SenFeinstein
When is your committee going to subpoena Trump's tax returns?  That is the only thing needed to clear up this mess!
Please do all you can to demand a select committee and an independent investigation.
what are you going to about, start with he ex boss
There must be independent investigation on Flynn/Kremlin connections to current WH.
please insist on an investigation !!
Please pursue this! The integrity of our constitution is at stake.
@KamalaHarris I am your constituent and demand an investigation into Russian interference in our government
how about you investigate the leaks! That's much more concerning than an ill timed phone call.  WHO'S LEAKING INTEL??!
Thank you! Please keep pushing. Russian interference and connections to 45 and his cronies threaten our security & democracy.
I want a FULL BIPARTISAN INVESTIGATION into Trumps connection with Russia
I and tens of millions of Americans demand that the  Democrats bring Congress to a halt until investigative hearings are held
Glad you have these concerns. Many of us share them. Trump's reluctance about appearing negative toward Putin makes me nervous
@KamalaHarris @JerryBrownGov #Get #Cali the #money it needs for #infracture. #Trump is like #Nixon #Followthemoney #Impeach
I smell a political terrorists like left-wing liberal Democrats behind the NSA to destroy the Republicans
yes many questions why Flynn as a private citizen was monitored by the NSA and targeted and leaked the information to 
 Press
yes many questions why the NSA targeted a private citizen and released the tapes to the media
demand an investigation, Dianne. Now is the time to push back and not give up.
One more question if you please. It is only this: He tells us "everything is negotiable", so what deal did he make?
This administration's actions have been outrageous. Independent investigation is necessary. Do not back down.
thank you for staying on this. It IS THE ONLY STORY. @POTUS more loyal to Kremlin than USA.
Keep up the questions, do not back down do not be distracted! #PutinsPuppet
thank you, Senator Feinstein #mysenator
#AmericaFirst @GenMikeFlynn The foremost question is Deep State operatives leaking false stories.  Who do they work for?
Thank you Senator! Proud to be a constituent!!
why weren't you this concerned about Hillary and her private email server ?
How can an accused deserter be called  a traitor by 45, and Flynn openly conspires w/Russia and is not?
Really there has got to be an investigation. It explains so much!
Can You be my Senator? I have crackpots from Texas.
Thank you for your leadership on this!
what do you plan to do about it? Words are nice and all but don't get us anywhere.
do you ever work or just tweet all day?? California is falling apart and you're worried about the prez..do your job
how can we get a thorough investigation started ?
despite your lack of similar fervor to investigate the HRC server issue, your ques & tone are reasonable.
when is our tax payer money going to fix the roads and bridges in California?  Sanctuary state??
I have too many questions regarding Why Kate died. You know why explain your part
what's to question? He quit - seems pretty straightforward.
Please push for complete investigation of the entire administration.
Thx for your service to our country Sen Feinstein.@SenFeinstein
Dear Senator Feinstein, this is very disturbing-those leaks must be found and the traitors MUST be prosecuted for US security!
@glynco make it happen or you will lose all credibility.
Yes! You heard me! Thank you! :D
"And I will not allow any further business in the Senate until they are addressed." You forgot that last part. #doyourjob
How will you ensure these questions are answered? How can we help you? @OCindivisible
All democrats can get the answers to We the people by pushing on investigation between Russia and Trump asap!
read some real reporting to find out  - https://consortiumnews.com/2017/02/14/trump-caves-on-flynns-resignation/ …
Thank you for your willingness to always push for the truth. Don't let up on these people.By these people I mean Trump&Bannon
Bingo!  Thank you for not letting up in getting answers to these vital questions.
Keep pushing until we get the WHOLE truth, we're counting on you!
The ways and means comm needs to look at trump tax returns and a spec comm to investigate trump and flynn !!!
@CNN If anyone needs the Ways and Means GOP committee #-(202) 225-3625 and chairman Rep Brady's #(202) 225-4901
so where are the Fed money to help with Oroville disaster. U have heard of it, right?
What is your Democratic Party gonna do about it? Remember what they did to Hillary Clinton..
They are all connected..
please fight hard for us. You're my senator. Sonoma, CA
Thank you, Senator
Sen Dianne Feinstein (@SenFeinstein) Statement On #FlynnResignation #California
Congress needs to force the release of Trump's taxes, and conduct a full investigation. The security of American is at risk.
thank you. I realize there is not much Dems can do as minority and republicans want to sweep under rug. Thanks for trying.
I applaud and support your position. When are the investigations going to start ?
You need to do a lot more than this. What about those cabinet confirmations? Disgraceful. Investigate Trump.
Thank you, Senator! This needs to be investigated until the whole truth comes out.
Think there will be a bunch of skeletons in the closet if you open the doors.
why not have a hearing w/ him abt the matter; like to know what he talked abt and what and when he advised Trump.
Might help if the link worked.
Please make sure the investigation is actually independent & doesn't just help corrupt ppl cover up for corrupt ppl.
Agreed!  This needs to be fully investigated.  Who told Flynn to talk to Russia sanctions?
too many questions remain unanswered about Hillary's Server, Benghazi, Fast and Furious, Voter Fraud
Hillary is done. Take your head out you know where  and stop the bullshit
Try to see past your partisanship & support our President, as does the majority of US citizens. Dems need to work w/ the adm.!
Thank you. Can you give this some more teeth and push for an independent investigation into the entire matter?!
life would be so much better if we could just get rid of all the democrats and republicans #useless
thank you
