(2/2) The president seems to think the rule of law doesn’t apply to him. It does, a lesson he needs to learn.
Do you mean the same rules for espionage, treason, public corruption, fraud, $ laundering, influence peddling, etc? See Clintons

Not @ all. Just shows dishonesty, hypocrisy of democrats. Proclaiming you are a proud democrat shows ignorance. Enjoy your delusion
After this LAST gun tragedy, thought we were turning down the rhetoric.
What are you talking about?
You replied to yourself. Don't know what you are referring to
Yes!
Do you really expect to be taken seriously?
Rosenstein hired Mueller knowing Comey is BFF. Comey leaked. Arrest now-you evil Democrats have Scalise blood all over hands
The shooter was emboldened by #45's spread of lies, lack of civility, bullying and generally unfit behavior.
It's a clear cut case. Feinstein knows it. She's lying to get re-elected. She's a swampette. We're done paying her
@SenFeinsteinZero collusion zero obstruction. We Trump voting taxpayers doneFeinstein is abt to go to prison w/ fraud husband.
Sen Feinstein, there are a LOT of people out here who agree w/you, & who hope the lesson is driven home before he inflicts permanent damage.
Please, follow the money. Trump collusion is with money. Country of origin is secondary to him. Dangerous for America.
ALL U POLITICIANS THINK THE RULE OF LAW DOESN'T APPLY TO YOU! #REVOLT #RISEUP #ELIMINATE1PERCENT #GOVTREFORM #200PLUSYEARSOFSAMEOLDSHIT
Being above the law. Your people are lawless and totally had left all sense and they get away with all their crimes.So pls.Stop that baloney
And independent council?!! So who's gotten away with murder?!! In this country, you libs had treated yourselves with the previledge of
Your own party's people like Obama, Hillary, lynch, Rice have committed countless crimes against our country and had a free pass. Not even
Really are you kidding me, Senator. He has not committed any crime, just a bunch of hoax and false accusations from your fascist party.While
Agreed. Any reason you've declined to join the lawsuit re: Emoluments?
I don't think so I think you and the rest of the Senate are in la la land and have forgotten that the people voted for him. Tired of liars!
Senator, is lesson all GOP must learn! After WaPo tape on Ryan is equally clear GOP complicit just like 45. When will we see action on them?
W/all due respect, Which law, exactly, will you use?  Bc apparently you can money launder (tRump), commit perjury (Sessions), lie on your >
Job application ( Flynn, Jared), subvert environmental laws (Tillerson),& banking laws ( Ross) &  still keep your govt job?
You and your obedient followers are amazing.
It only does if people make it and he'll only learn a lesson if he is taught it. If Congress lets him get away with it then he's vindicated.
So don't give him the option.  Our country is at stake here. Time for some hardball .@SenFeinstein  America actually needs a hero right now.
Pretty blunt for usually so politic and polite @SenFeinstein. I wonder what she's heard and seen recently about our crazy corrupt President.
#Resistance #LiberyAndJustice #Democracy #DOJ 
Hillary started Russia story because she's the one with Russia ties. Congress/Senate good for nothing. Do your jobs, stop your resistance.
Who would have thought that we would see a day that a potus would have had less basic knowledge than a 5th grader? time to rethink it all!
it doesn't if you have pardon powers
Did they appoint special counsel when Hillary Clinton was responsible for killing all the Benghazi soldiers, and deleting emails??
Just like a week ago you refused to say Trump is unfit. What are you waiting for?
I think if they just get his tax returns for the past 20+ years, this will all be over a New potus should be put into office. The Legit One.
Trump has committed himself to a failed presidency through his greed and corrupt mentality.
At this point it should be clear that we cannot go on , trump and pense must be removed from office. No other choice.
If Dems have their way, we will be in terrible danger from foreign fighters & haters.  All for the sake of new voters. Traitors! Vote em out
Australia housed 1500 refugees on an island. Same Refugees, Obama offered 2 take.  Refugees R suing the Australian gov.  Don't like conditns
America takes in 1million legal immigrants yearly.  We spend 2040.00 each, 2 house & assimilate.  Illegals #'s in millions, can't assimlte
How can you possibly be in favor of an open border to Mexico?  There is nothing but drugs, cartels & needy, uneducated illegals flowing in.
Pres Trump has suggested solar panels on wall. Panels will generate enough power for 200K homes.  Y not trade power 4 land 2 build the wall?
We don't care what it takes, we want a wall.  80% of drugs in US, come thru Mexico & S America.  Opioid addiction epidemic, don't  U care?
You also asked Rosenstein, how many law suits over wall?  As many as it takes senator.  That question was to meant to pee on the wall.
You should be ashamed of yourself.  You know this is untrue, yet you repeat & repeat. Taxpayers, vote these liars out in 2018, unite us!
This is exactly, the rhetoric that we have 2 deal with.  Members of congress,  knowingly deceiving voters & create anger toward Pres Trump.
Shame on U senator.  U know that only Rosenstein can fire Mueller.  Also watched U ask same question of RR on Cspan.  Pres can't & U no it!
So very proud of you and your efforts!! Thank you
Rude awakening when law applied to u & rest of criminal cadre of corrupt cronies. No immunity, days are numbered for all swamp #MAGA
Open up your overseas accounts. All of you senators have them. Pay your friggen taxes on your REAL income
Does it make me a bad person to hope he mad his "mob" end up in jail?
That's actually a lot nicer than what I wish would happen to him.   But I do want to see the lot of them imprisoned and impoverished!
Please make sure he does, sweep nothing under a rug.
I am very proud that you are my Senator.  I am very glad that you posted this Statement.
It's clear that @senfeinstein, like other Dems, prefer to use lies instead of facts.  There's no evidence @potus is planning to fire Mueller
Thank you for being our Senator.
He took an #oath. IDK if he has any clue what that means. #sad
thank you for your patriotism
You're correct. He will fire Rosenstein thinking he can then fire Mueller. Be prepared Senator. It's going to get very very ugly.
If the rule of law applied to a president, Obama would be in trouble for ordering the extra judicial killing of a US citizen.
#dronekilling
Your hypocrisy, lack of self awareness, blatant corruption, & constant lies will be your undoing
Keep projecting your own crimes, we see you
LOL
It's the core Republicans who believe this Ryan, McConnell, the Keibler elf
Compromised Trump & AG Sessions have shown Americans Rule of Law doesn't apply to #TrumpRussia War on US Democracy. Treason 4 Sale. Impeach.
Excuse me little miss spreading propaganda, the president didn't say that, fake news has Implied it. Opinions are not real information #MAGA
He's a psychopath It wouldn't occur to him that just because he's President the law would apply to him. I mean, look at his hair. Impeach it
Thank you. More please
Teaching can be a thankless occupation
He will never learn it. That's exactly why he needs to go to prison. To have to forcibly sit with the consequences of his actions.
Congress needs to make sure he learns.
We need to Stand United and let the rule of law apply..this sure is A Bad Reality Show!!
Isn't it amazing just how much the @POTUS acts and talks like the dictator he often accused Obama of being?
He is completely incapable of learning. So what is the next step?
Trump has never had to answer to anyone. Now he must answer to rule of law, separate but equal branches of gov, and American ppl. #resist
I find it entertaining and hilarious
Conspiracy witchcraft in progress. Part of todays bad ilk. Destruction death anger mistrust is not a good future to move towards
so good
Learn? Trump's life of "Too soon old, too late smart" shall be eclipsed by "Too soon impeached, too late circumspect."
If he does get impeached for obstruction & conflict of interest, all his U.S. assets will need to be frozen so he can't seek vengeance here.
You mean like what Obama and Lynch did. And you try to cover it up
Sociopaths think they are above the law. They operate outside the parameters of society.
@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @McConnellPress @SenateGOP @HouseGOP Republicans MUST be transparent and all hearings & Amendments to any Bill!
Thank you for your leadership. I'm proud to have a Senator with ethics and morals in a Congress that is almost going rouge? Show us the Bill
What a canard.
What 'lesson does he need to learn' Diane?
U have JUST DECLARED HIM GUILTY b4 UR bs investigation concluded! @potus
I'm just... I'm confused, I didn't think he could actually do anything about Mueller, as that was a court appointed investigator for the ->
investigation. 

Do I just live...in a bubble where my news is literally upside down and inside out? how can he over turn ->
something like that, without putting his foot up his as...er without putting his foot in his mouth? 

/done
the light of liberty burns bright when we speak up to those who would steal power from the many for themselves.
San Diego here. @realDonaldTrump continues to demonstrate that his mental competency is in question. Are we safe?
Well...it kinda hasn't so far: any *real* reason to think that will change?
Thank you
He has always thought that, this is not news.
"Rule of Law"? Where have you been for the past 8 years? You are delusional and did nothing about Obama and Dems breaking laws over and over
An Impeachment based on obstruction seems the best way to get him out. Bc he thinks he can subvert the law, will he be charged criminally?
He's never going to learn that lesson, Senator. He just needs to be stopped before he destroys our Republic. #ImpeachNow
Nixon thought the same impeachment Russia gate
You go girl!!! Thank you #trumprussia
Thank you!
Completely missing point, investigations are crimes looking for proof, should be other way around? Collusion, obstruction, enough already!
Why isnt Pompeo on your list?
#TrumpRules4fools
why did Meuller take samples of uranium for the Clintons before they sold 20 percent to them.More conflict of interest.Stop lies and hate
why is Meuller allowed to break the law by not recusing himself for being friends of Clintons and Comey
keep up the great work so we might finally have justice!
He's not going to learn at 71. All his life has confirmed otherwise.
God, he's old.  Hope is he can learn. Prayer us he's willing to.
As we've learned he will never learn.  #LOCKHIMUP would be nice.
Thank you so much!! Please keep fighting!! #Patriot #womenwhorock
The new Watergate is #Russiagate @realDonaldTrump haha
@SenFeinstein you are one of a elite  group of women giving young ladies something to look up to! Thanks for you efforts to help us
I used to be confused and give pathological narcissism a pass..i even blamed it on being an only child 
......
Go!
The rule of law will apply to tRump when the Rethuglicans say it does.
Cuba is holding presidential elections to replace Raul. And we are boycotting Cuba why? Sugar?
Thank you Diane for speaking up!
Never thought I would see such a corrupt inept mobster in the WH. Went back and viewed Obama speaking at Sandy Hook and it boggles mind now
you scared...you scared..
thanks for stating the strong message. #leadership
But he has his whole life so he has little sense of responsibility. thank you for your service
Where are you getting this from? You r GUESSING, which in turn gets people riled up. U should not use ur platform in that way. #troublemaker
Yes. Please do something about that. Bring impeachment proceedings. Whatever you can. We rely on YOU to act.
OMG!!! My Homestate Senator!! I've always loved you Sen Feinstein!!!!
@CillizzaCNN A Senator with your experience knows its  irresponsible to fuel false narratives that lead to shootings of politicians. Shame.
He and many of his ilk have always believed that Laws are enacted to protect him and them from us!  His family and party pushes this myth!
@MtnMermaid618 The rule of law doesn't apply to kings which is what Trump seems to think he was elected as.
Emoluments?
Nepotism? 
Conflicts of Interest? 
It seems multiple
Emoluments junk doesn't apply to President. O's mother-in-law getting a pension 4 taking care of kids?! What conflict of interest?
#LifeOnMars
U seem to not b aware of the rule of law re President's authority to halt or pardon Flynn (which he didnt). Fact: asked 4 full invest o team
ARE THERE ANY @GOP SENATORS OR @GOP CONGRESSPEOPLE WHO FEEL THIS SAME WAY? #ROSENSTEIN #TRUMPRUSSIA
where is the investigation into Lynch & the Clintons?UR no better than what u are accusing Trump of being!
Trump will NEVER learn.  He's incorrigible, untrainable, recalcitrant, disturbed. He needs to leave office, to leave our White House.
@realDonaldTrump can't learn jack, just impeach, convict and send him to prison
#WannabDickTraitor #TrumpCartel #GOPZOMBIES4TRUMP #IMPEACH #LIARINCHIEF #CompromisedPresident #GOPDONTGIVEAF0CK #GOPHATESICKPOOR #GOPHATESUS
Thank you.   Don't back down.
Thank you very much Senator! You are a true patriot 
Becoming an inmate in Marion might convince him. Or Guantanamo.
Thank you senator
Good luck in getting him to realize it-he has not followed the law all his life so why should he start now? Go after him #NotMyPresident
Does it apply to Comey and Loretta Lynch also?
Your right! Only HRC is exempt! Jail Donald trump! But leave HRC alone. Impeach our legally elected prez!! Don't worry bout HRC! It's ok!!
2 days following the Scalise incident & he wants to close down the investigation. I think more tragedy will follow if this happens.
Why weren't you so willing to teach HRC a lesson about the rules of law?  Or..how about yours and your husband's insider business dealings?
I would hope that if he dares to fire him that this is the final straw at that point I hope some of the Republicans would grow a backbone.
Come equipped with a couple thousand amendments to the bill which must each be voted on. Delay, study & publicize everywhere!
We just love you Senator Feinstein! You make Californians very proud, and give hope to all Americans. Thank you for standing up for justice
she is the worst pos to ever have held an office in the state of california, she is crooked to her core
You mean President Obama the snake. Your problem Potus attorneys smarter than you. Everyone had enough Dem lies & nonsense. Shame
He's too d to learn and will never change. Look at his past. Did same to those who worked for him. Mentally ill!
Thank you!!! He can't just make lawsuits go away, with settlements, counter-suits, and who knows what other tactics.
#investigatefeinstein
If it didn't apply to HRC why should it apply to him??
Does the rule of law apply to Democrats, WJC and Lynch on Airplane, Comey recommends do not prosecute immediately after. Sad!
Guilty by Association 
#RussiaGate #RussianCollusion
I think you have him confused with @HillaryClinton @HumaAbedin @AGLynch @BarackObama etc...
All respect, but you are part of Problem for almost 30 years. Comey's 5/3 testimony aid he would repeat same mistake. He needed to go.
Said the guy tweeting about it?
Thank you.
Please get a Republican Senator to state the same on record. That is what it will take.
Too true! Ruh roh, did that bad dog block you too? 
Excellent point Senator.
Teach him the lesson Dianne, please!
Bring it Senator Feinstein! TY for speaking up! 
You or other #Democrats should buy my #Domain http://www.ebay.com/itm/282520258295 … to  talk about their #feelings about #TRUMP #ebay #Retweet #RT
Keep fighting for us Senator
When you elect a personality disordered president, expect crazy crap like this... This is EXACTLY what a Borderline/NPD would do. W/o regret
Can he learn it in jail ? They have education programs available there, yes ?
All of them need to learn this lesson, including Trumps enablers.
I'd like to know at what point ull finally consider #impeachment. Everyday he's president more damage occurs No 2 #impeachment off the table
Say it Sen. Feinstein!
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP 1st these wimps supposedly representing the people need to grow a pair and put country b4 party.  @POTUS Constitution!!
Absolutely right DiFi. You go, girl!
Yes. And in case POTUS is reading your tweets, here's a one page
 Watergate timeline to refresh his memory.
I am so grateful for everything Sen Feinstein does to guard the democracy.
This will lead to a Major Constitution Crisis we have never seen before 
I agree! He is not mentally stable as far as I'm concerned and needs to go! Our country isn't safe under his rule! #resist #impeach
Indeed. Hopefully, to his own detriment and not ours.
Thank you for all your are doing to fight back against Trump
According to the rules,
Mueller is a friend of Comey's.
He is now a part of the investigation.
Probably by Design. "AssAG"
He will resign.
Thank you Senator for drawing that line! 94117
Now please have a conversation with your colleagues re: health care
@realDonaldTrump
Not true! Mueller, Comey inappropriate relationship. Cahoots! You know!
"Ma'am "you have no clue what you're taking about , pretty much like McCain and pelois
We are all concerned Senator. He is out of control. I'm afraid that he is acting like a cornered, wounded animal!
He is a narcissist, those rules don't apply to him( in his sick little orange head)
But I love it he is going to learn it the hard way
A classic understatement. One of the million things he needs to learn
Thank you @SenFeinstein for your leadership and experience in this extraordinary time in our nation's history.
Thank you Senator. He cares not for our country but himself. He is unstable and a danger to our security.
Then why not testify like he said he would?  #TrumpMustTestify  #Resist
He has no other option; this Cuba thing was to secure Rubio as the final vote to let the go sorry have to wait till '18
I feel like we're careening toward him trying 2 make us a dictatorship-Especially w Healthcare being voted on by all men behind closed doors
A little late of a lesson to learn now that he's 71.  I guess we can try to teach an old dog some new tricks, or the prison guards can do it
You and the rest of the Dems need to get over yourselves. Your not that important. #stopthewitchhunt
That's correct Senator Feinstein! Richard Nixon himself once said "That no one is above the law"
"Even his staunchest supporters will balk at such a blatant effort to subvert the law." Wanna bet?
