Secede from the union.  It's becoming evident we're different people.
How many more birthdays before Cal secedes.
CA can ROT....WORST STATE IN THE UNION. Can't wait to leave!!!!! 30 years ago you could have said that.
Damn to these negative comments. Thank u Sen F for all you do & repping CA so well. Home sweet home! Cali Soul! 
She brought them on herself
No, Ann Coney Barrett did by putting HER religious beliefs before the Constitution. 1/
https://youtu.be/GA7KfYOFB-g 
Inappropriate line of questions.
Not at all, considering Coney's numerous, on the record comments! Why must you twist/distort this?
So if youre a practicing Catholic, you cant be a judge? Wonder if she would ask a Muslim  about his perception of women?
Of course you can. That's not @SenFeinstein 's issue, Sir. Her issue was with Coney's previous comments re: http://scholarship.law.nd.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1274&context=law_faculty_scholarship …
Us native American people are so happy.... can you please help us by upholding treaties
And I wish I'd never left 
Instead of words, give Californians a birthday present we actually want: Co-sponsor the #Medicare4All Bill NOW 
Lying Di I really hope we don't have 2 move! But if CA becomes a country what happens to you?? There's something everyday I detest about CA!
Remind you JFK was Catholic
Feinstein is an old political POS just like most all liberals in my State Of California i.e. Brown, Pelosi, Waters all need to hurry-up &#DD
I loved CA 4 so long!       Di U questioned an appointee of Trump about her beliefs Dogma, religion? U R senator! Freedom of religion? Sad
Can't wait for it to go into the ocean on a nice tsunami
and now because the Dems have destroyed the state, there is a movement to exit the union.  Thanks, Dianne; job well done!
As a Co-Grand Inquisitor of the Tribunal of the Holy office of the Inquisition purifying Fed gov of menace of Catholics please see attached:
And the Democrat snowflakes have ruined the state!  Biggest welfare state in the country!
That's unfortunate.
And it went to #!&* since.
Why are you such a meanie about ones faith ?
Your attacks harken back to President Kennedy days. Where were you then hypocrite?
Coming from California suggests we should not be surprised by your bigotry against the Catholic Church. Just as Pelosi claims Catholic liar
The socialist "dogma lives loudly" in you. Sorry you are disqualified from serving in public office. You must resign.

And your party wants to succeed from the union.
Meanwhile, kill all the Catholics!  Right Senator?
Yr questioning of Catholic appointee was innapropriate! Would u insinuate that a Muslim is too dogmatic or youre too Jewish to do your job?!
Regarding Amy Barret, would you dare challenge a muslim with the same insulting questions, insinuations and expressions of concern?
God bless Governor Jerry Brown and god bless my native home of California!  Prophet on the burning shore...
Word has it you're an anti-Catholic Bigot. What say you?
Gracias General Antonio López de Santana
Dianne,why hate Catholics and love Muslims?

And it took a little over a century to become a socialist cesspool
You do realize that you insulted a large voting bloc of Hispanics whose majority dogma is Catholic
California and I share a birthday! But, uh, I'm not as old as her!
Awesome
Happy BDay! Thanks for highlighting the Catholic conspiracy in America.  Catholics, who report to the Pope in Rome, cannot be in government.
I hope it leaves faster then it came in.
Happy Birthday California! From Florida We love you and your beautiful 
Can we give California back to the Mexicans.. they seem to want it to be Mexico. Sure would help when the the federal debt to get rid of it
CA the largest gdp n US & the 6th largest economy in the world they give more to the US federal government than they receive Mexico thanks u
Look at the disaster this state has become... horrible!
Can I celebrate? I mean, my Catholic dogma might cloud the festivities. What would JFK think of this former typist?
#luckytoliveincalifornia
Love Our #California
Congratulation. It's a shame that California has a senator like you. Please retire and move to Mexico.
Happy birthday California!
You do such a disservice for the state.
If it knew you were in her future it would have still been a territory or Oregon.
You should be ashamed of yourself for discriminating hard-working Catholics!! Yes I love CALIFORNIA but for us you mean nothing
Why are you against Catholics? Why do you hate us and first generation of LEGAL immigrants?? People will eliminate you soon!
Lots of great p#ssy in callie
Unbelievable that you would invoke the belief in Catholicism to disqualify a federal judge nominee. The epitome of hypocrisy.
The party of acceptance and equality speaks again. Would you have preferred a Jewish nominee
Speaking of birthdays when are you going to go away? Enough of Communist propaganda. You too old!
Democrats stomp them when they've fallen:
California city confiscates toilets from homeless
Residents of encampment forced to use bucket
As you liberal's busily keep giving it back to Mexico.
Méxiconian!
Let .CA be it's own liberal country!
No more federal funding!
I frigging LOVE CALIFORNIA. I've traveled a lot. People talk smack. They are all jealous. I don't say anything. I just always return HOME.
Why are you anti Catholic Senator?
Next time you decide to persecute someone for their religion you should reread article IV, section 3 of the constitution; no religious tests
We need to secede and have a new Birthday!
When did Women gain Equal Rights? Never....I mean the vote?- please tell HERSTory!
Biggest mistake the US ever made. Hipe all you liberal democrats get abducted by illegal aliens including the governor.
Irma is baring down on Florida.
Lots of Catholics helped that endeavor along.
What were you doing on that day,Dianne ??
The Congress can impeach Trump. #ImpeachTrump
There's a fantastic #impeachtrump bumper sticker to get for you and your friends.  Jeffrey, you can get get it at http://bit.ly/im  …
And now people want to secede
The dogma lives loudly within you.  California will be a better state when you retire
Calexico can suck it
did you know California ranks 14th in gender equality? you're a woman. think about that.

Glad you remembered and have shared We need good news and gratitudes
Thanks Diane for all of your good work for so many years. We appreciate you.

The good wish is for everyone no matter who or where you are.
Happy Birthday California
Let's just hope it can get back on track @JoinTravisAllen

democrats took my donations and give it to the same people i defended them against for 30 years in order to wage a war of lies against me.
born and lived most of my life in the sf bay area. But a will fight you as long as the unity commission wages a war of lies against me
Happy Birthday wish CA:  New Governor, New Senators, New Representatives for House!  A true rebirth for California & USA!  #MAGA
Fuck that communist state! I hope it sinks!
Interesting that almost every negative response here is from non-residents. Petty criticism. 
Violating Article IV section 3 of the constitution is not petty.  Ignorance of our laws in elected officials is NEVER petty.
Fucking relax, she was doing her job, a judge has to be able to make decisions based off facts not religious bias
Jk throw me off that list lol
List of legendary Californians: @Skrillex , @FDragon360 , @itsbeargrillz , @SnoopDogg , @CamaroBroGaming xD
Don't know many more.
St. Junipero Serra
Happy Birthday Cali!!! NorCal here!!
Who gives a damn
Fr. Junipero Serra was one in whom the dogma lived loudly. Not that you would know anything about that.
5th gen Californian right here. Oh, and a real Californian doesn't refer to it as "Cali".
Home. 
Plus, it's my birthday!! #goodday
Mine, too!
Feinstein talks about California as if she owns it California belongs to the people who live here and pay taxes not an old tired politician
Is that your view on her? Because I do NOT think so. I think she's talking about the state that she loves as one of the normal ppl from it.
So when you love your state and your country and your neighbors the best thing to do would bring gang members in and shield them from thelaw
What?! She's a SENATOR, not a policewoman! You think she has the political power to do everything at once?
She has a forehead the size of a windshield on a Suburban!

Wishing god rewards you with fire for the way your party is treationg its base
I will hold my comment


MAKE UP UR MIND!
Family here since 1770's. Wish we still had that  old school work ethic today, not what we've become over the last 50 years. Can do better
You mean when the Spanish forced the native Americans into Missions? And they died in droves. Are you f-ing serious?  JFC dude shut-up.
Your cluelessness is unimpressive. The Spanish also beat back the Russians & Brits, & stopped some tribes from killing each other








May the dogma live within you.

Get out while you can. No sense in sending your tax dollars to this blooming idiot.
Back when it was sane. Seems like 167 years ago
And in 2050, Mexico will celebrate California's 200th Birthday by reclaiming the state as their own. Adios gringos!!
The people with grit and gumption who made California a state would be so disappointed to see how things have turned out.
Exactly!
Everything happening is so self defeating
The founders would be horrified
Btw. I see 1%ers everywhere, even Trump, kicking in $1M personal contributions to disaster relief; where's your check?
I dont care. As long as your party uses bernies bigots to attack me with my own money, i dont care about anything you say.

167 years young 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-K-na3W3bNg …

Omg, what a cheese dick.  The world is melting down and she's sending birthday wishes to her paycheck.

Cake!!
great, from an anti catholic bigot. discriminating against a judicial nominee based on religous bigotry. a disgrace!
Happy B-Day, California!

"I Love You, California" - State Song with MORE LOVE in it than any other!
This old bat and her crony corporatist hubby have enriched themselves with sweet Gov. contracts and insider trading. You're a #fraud Dianne.
you guys are over staying your welcome....time to secede
Love California! Born & Bred here!
And probably live off tax payers as a state employee or welfare recipient!
The sooner this dysfunctional, once great, Republic breaks into functional,independent States the better.Gone will be blood suckers like you
On every date since you've won, you became one of the big tax spenders!
Fileinstein you have worked to distroy the calif I was once proud of. God has a plan just for you. It's Very Hot!! You earn it.!!!
I was just reading what SF did to Chinese Laundry owners in 1886....WE have come a long way baby...thanks .@SenFeinstein     So proud
YES!  One Californian  to another , Happy Birthday (Anniversary) 167yrs old;  The 31st State admitted into the Union. @SenFeinstein I.S.A.
Thanks didn't know
How dare u show your face after how you interrogated our Catholic friend!
Report the bot.
Woohooo! 
HOW ABOUT U SUPPOSED DEMOCRATS STOP ACTIN LIKE BATTERED SPOUSE? 
TODAYS SO CALLD GOP R CLEARLY ANARCHISTS OUT 2 DSTROY AMERICA!
Senator Feinstein is doing her job. And she knows what it's like to live in a violent household. So get a grip.
My family was part of that history. Lucinda York and her husband John York and their extended family and friends.
And the people in California promised they would never vote in Democrats.  They lied. Fake News.
SENATOR I HOPE CALIFORNIA IN THE NEAR FUTURE IS NOT TESTED BY GOD TO THE EXTREME!
The above replies are from bots
Oh, totally forgot #OTD
Without U Thank God
#maga
