Californians are calling upon Senator Feinstein to submit a bill granting Puerto Rico their liberty and freedom and independence!
97% of #PUERTORICO voted for statehood
REALLY??!!!! WOW! the US should honor its creed of self determination, liberty and freedom!! GRANT PUERTO RICO independence @realDonaldTrump
Pollutes the island, leaves the mess and the people with no jobs. The Jones Act makes then financial slaves to the USA and now that they're
Independence with a debt jubilee. Can @realDonaldTrump step up and give them their FREEDOM. That would be IMMORTALITY DONALD!!
Hey Mr Feinstein ( I mean Ms )we have our own here that need help.  First hit first helped. Your just trying to score points.
We are calling on ALL OF YOU!!! Stop point fingers and begin lending a hand. This is not a time to play politics! Grow up!#PUERTORICO #USVI
Will you please sign on with @SenJohnMcCain on permanently exempting PR from the Jones Act?
America is calling on you and all Dems to be less partisan.  #cutthebs
So Fein what are you doing to help Puerto Rico? Talking about it won't help!
Congress needs to do their part
Well great! We're calling on all of you to remove him from office.
You can't remove a president from office simply because you don't like him.    Take a civics class 
Congress should also look at Jones Act repeal for US ports not part of the contiguous 48. We should not repeat this when next disaster hits.
He already did a few days ago.  Fake media didn't bother to report it.
He waived the Jones Act for this incident this morning. I’m asking for permanent repeal for ports not in the Lower 48, if not full repeal.
He's ignoring you. He's ignoring them. What we need is the European Union or Mexico to come in and help them. He's unfit for office
#ITMFA
The EU or Mexico? . Ok, intelligent one... we see how well that has worked tor them...
worked for who?
The EU or Mexico....Mexico, in particular...
WHAT THE HELL HAVE YOU DONE?
DEMAND aid, debt relief & real recovery package for PR, home to 3.5M citizens DEMAND 1YR SUSPENSION OF JONES ACT!MUST BE HERCULEAN EFFORT!
And we are calling on you to do your job in the Senate work for us not committee on things that have nothing to do with helping America
Military on the ground is a good first start to relief efforts. Long term plan for rebuilding will be needed
Did you not hear the logistics report?  Sounded like everything that could be done was being done.
Facts mean nothing.  Only thing that matters is to attempt to delegitimize this administration
@POTUS doesn't care @SenFeinstein only doing something now cause he's being forced to. Also u know the Dotard is upset no one praising him
Your profile pic fits you well.
He's dispatched aid. He's planning a visit. What more does he need to do? The real question is, why arent you doing anything?
He, Pres. Trump, by himself doesn't do all. It takes the collective work of congress and citizens, too. You have to get to work!
He doesn’t care because they’re brown. And to charge for evacuation and they’re rebuilding depends on their debt? Give me a break!! #impeach
What more do you want him to do?  You think it's easy to tweet about the NFL AND help Americans in a time of need?  Sheeesh....priorities!
Yeah, we'd like him to actually solve some problems. Instead he offers lip service.
This will happen only after a real "PR" disaster for @realDonaldTrump - and I mean "Public Relations" since @POTUS and #Javanka and @FLOTUS couldn't care less about #PuertoRico and our fellow Americans.  #MakeTrumpsBrandGreatAgain
What would traitor Obama do, send in the Clintons?
Thank you!
I'm asking My senator to get off her Butt! Quit spending &on Russia! Get to work ! Your legacy is being written! Is this what U want??
What more can POTUS do? Please be specific & remember clean up still ongoing in TX, Fl.
President Trump did... Dianne! Why don't you for once step up to the plate instead of criticizing..send in your million !!
Send in his elite administration on charter jets.
He's doing good job. Problem not getting supplies there, it's distribution. Infrastructure not like Houston or key west. Will B slower going
Communications down. Need lineman and heavy equipment to clear roads. It's an island so logistically much more difficult. We r getting there
Dear Sen Feinstein  Please help push for the permanent lifting of the Jones Act. It does not serve the American citizens in Puerto Rico
Thank you for also remembering the US Virgin Islands.  They are also deeply in need of assistance, support and donations!
YOU are in the Congress! YOU have the power of purse!  Why don't YOU do more?
Where are the funds from the Clinton Foundation for Puerto Rico?  Oh yea they don't qualify for release?  Where's Hillary now. Where's Bill?
He is. You are not. You are wasting time tweeting and no action. Get a real job or retire, youdo nothing for this country but get in the way
shame on you once again you are twisting the truth and pandering to your poorly informed base
Yeah good luck with that
Good Luck, Dianne, @realDonaldtrump doesn't seem to feel the need.
Like what specifically, go down and personally fix the electrical grid and roads?
So write a bill!!  Get off your behind and do something other than complain.
Help, including food & supplies, are on the island.  In case you haven't noticed, the damage is historic, which take a while to fix.
being a island makes it hard and the devastation is bad.there is planes coming right one after another people probably should leave.
Every able bodied person there should be clearing roads so the can distribute supplies sitting on tarmac after US made airport active.
Thank you for the initiative...
You shouldn't have to call on Trump to do more...If Putin was on that island, the idiot would swim across personally to provide aid!  SHAME
do you think a tweet does the job, or are you grandstanding, Senator.  You have vilified POTUS for using his twitter account.
Then fly your butt over Puerto Rico, grab a shovel and start clearing the roads. All your BS doesn’t clear one rock. Worthless talk.
Exactly what “more” are you looking for, Dianne? Ask yourself what YOU CAN DO! YOU DO SOMETHING OTHER THAN WHINE!
If they have the right “ gene” And were the right color well little Hitler would do something
The grid concern places a goal of underground electrical to help mes and businesses as a priority, % tax on prop each yr to pay for it
Your a Senator what r u doing
Stop the talking points, it's covered!
Guess you didn’t here a governor from there saying trump has been good with the aide
We were calling on you last year, but Osama Obama was on the golf course. Typical democrat, pass the buck. People are not as stupid as you.
Thank, @SenFeinstein! Thank you! 
They have never done anything for themselves,so tough shit others first
STOP the EUPHEMISMS! You mean send more $$$$! Just say so! This is what the "deplorables" hate about career professional politicians!
Like you called on Hilary to help Hari?
Impeach the SOB NOW
Feinstein you're a windbag this President doesn't need you to call on him he gets up every day to make things better4 contributing Americans
Yes and were also calling on him to end that satanic bill OBAMA CARE
Great letter...very educational.  Proud to see so many signatures.  You've earned your keep with that one.  Hope the 
President reads it.
We’re calling on you and your obstinate partners in crime to get off your duffs and MAGA.
Thats because on 50% of all actually pay taxes...
Thank you very much for fighting a uphill battle.
Why don't you Senator. Your just a mouth piece against the POTUS, you constantly obstruct and want other people to do !!
Trump ordered Ransom for Rescue for U.S. citizens being evacuated from Puerto Rico. He sounds more like Putin everyday.
Good grief!! Lol... liberals are funny
We're calling on you to retire now.
No we aren't Diane.   Just that A$$hole is.
Absolutely, @SenFeinstein the people on both Islands are in dire need of resources; furthmore it make no sense that shipping containers 1/1
2/2  cont'd : are at a standstill that cannot be transported to where those containers contents  are so desperately needed by the people.
Here America can see how full of  you are!
Now why don't you help @POTUS and the people of Puerto Rico, Virgin Islands, Florida & Texas!

The electric power grid in Puerto Rico is totally shot. Large numbers of generators are now on Island. Food and water on site.
Quit your damn Lying Dianne for Political Power We are tired of your Bullshit!
Between @HHSgov, @USNationalGuard, Commonwealth officials, & FEMA search & rescue—all PR municipalities have been reached. #Maria [: DVIDS] 
unfortunately he doesn't answer those calls..
He answered the calls..unlike Hillary for Bengazi.
what calls? The Russians?
Hey Diane ,I guess you haven't been kept in the loop.
45 does not care. He thinks P.R's aren't Americans, they speak Spanish, & they're a color he hates. Grudging help 7 days late. Contemptuous!
Get a grip, your losing it.
plenty of help there and more on its way, what about Virgin islands you seem to forget that a lot of people are suffering..
He’s a disaster!
On hold, rallies and 18 holes later...
Thank you!
In USA, those who participated in voting for POTUS are neither losers nor winners. If you insist on labeling anyone, you're lost in time.
PR Governor sd he’s “very grateful 4 the administration” & that “they have responded quickly.” FACTS please.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @WhiteHouse get it yet? Thank you @SenFeinstein for keeping the drumbeat- seems the only thing that works
Not just Dem noise..had to be asked by PR gov and approved by Congress which consists of resist Democrats rather give lip service than work.
What r u doing 2 help big mouth?
You're rich, cough up!!
And I'm calling on you to address the humanitarian crisis in #Yemen that the U.S. is making worse.
