Stop the BS outrage lady.  Finally we have an administration and DOJ that will expose corruption and clean it up!
Really omg you win the prize for worst woman on twitter today. Hope you don't have daughters
(Just a note: not cool to spread fake quotes, you kinda lose credibility)
Just a tip it isn't fake.
Under Obama the DOJ sold guns to Sianola cartel, Fast & Furious.
You should worry about the 11 counties in Ca  that have too many voters registered than there are people to vote. Clean up Ca voter rolls
yes!
This is bed and corruption. He thought he could get a huge payday at the expense of America
Ya no, that would be Ms Feinstein & Ms Boxer. POTUS isn't even taking a salary, but please keep up your "resistance". It is working so well
Who needs a salary when your laundering money and selling out your properties because you have gaurenteed business.
Laundering money? Can you prove that? Of course not. But hey, why not throw a few more lies out there? Good luck changing minds down there
He'll know I can't prove it. That would be the legal Dept job. I can't prove it I just know it's true.
Wow. Just wow. Just curious, how many minds have you changed down South? My guess, ZERO. But you can reply with a lie cuz U R so convincing
Lots of opportunities. Really don't have to do much since Trump. He pretty much sells the point.
Sure there pal. Hey, if you have a bridge down there to sell, I am looking to get my name on one. Lemme know what you got and we'll talk.
Sen Feinstein, why is DOJ allowed to do what is seen wrong? Why is Jeff Sessions a racist a bigot still AG? Some1 doubted shouldnt be AG.
We needs term limits on all politicians they should not be allowed to hold office for twenty + damned years .
ABSOLUTELY!!!!
U r right Diane. Lets follow in the footsteps of that silver tongued devil, Obama, who between Iran and NK got  us to this lovely place.
Please go back to Washington and do everything in your power to eliminate this madman from our lives.
I can't believe people take you seriously. The only thing outrageous is your comment and the people who support you.
This from a person who supports tRump. A man who has lied and cheated people his entire life. His business fail, so why not make him POTUS?
Funny you should complain about misuses of the Justice Dept after a year of investigation no evidence appointment of special council.
Huh, I thought that was the DoE's job... Did they drop that & double down on brainwashing children?
Why is Donald Trump still in the WH? What happened to the USA. A mobster son of Fred Trump forced his way into th WH & th law no more.
You keep preaching and I'll keep listening!
#MAGA
The DOJ under Obama is a disgrace!!! Where were you then???
Agreed. What are you doing to stop it?
No Dianne, its mission is to drain the Dem swamp , only the corrupt should be afraid, are you?
Meanwhile, he fills the swamp with the very people who caused the economic crash under Bush. Wall St bankers and hedge fund managers.
@SenFeinstein is not under SEVERAL investigations for everything from money-laundering to treason. That would be your "swamp drainer" tRump.
Sen Feinstein why don't you ask Bill and Hillary why he gave that wacko all that money to make a bomb ! Oh just like Iran

No what's outrageous is the mess Obama and dems created you guys need to have the same as the rest of Americans and term limits
Hey Vlad how is the weather in Siberia this time of year?
So what if the voter database is huge? Our Democracy should not purge voter databases, ever!
Let them grow!
That is the cost of democracy.
So stop his treasonous ass! DEMAND #ImpeachTrumpNow
Are the Trumps above the law? It seems congress holds no power b4 a mobster & a bunch of lawless bigots. 2make it worse thy work 4our enemy.
You , Schumer,Pelosi has done nothing but beat your gums and give away America .
Stop this crazy man.  He will get us killed.
You know what else is outrageous? Dem senators & congresspeople not condemning Trump's insane threat to start WWIII? What does it take?
Ex-DOJ, WH Obama administration officials now working for Feinstein, the ranking member of the Senate Judiciary Committee..SO, IMPARTIALITY?
I believe in the Feinstein.
No it isn't "ma'am" it's to make sure only eligible voters vote, no  id no vote what don't you understand about that
At least he isn't selling out the security of his country to our enemies
PlayBook of the puppet masters
You just now seeing this?
Draining the swamp is working. Your next
Same for the DEA, Dianne ....
As opposed to obstructionist  no but seriously how are you still here?? #termlimits
That's why they put that racist guy back in Office! America refuses to embrace only one culture of people,  I wonder why? One country will
Your Deputy Counsel is tied into the SWAMP at old DOJ! Need to recuse yourself from Committee activities!!!?
Omg you have got to be the most ignorant person in DC. Wait for the dust to settle when the obama regime is in prison
Your name is the email chain, Senator. Don't think we didn't notice that the WaPo story ran right after Sekulow's broadcast. #Busted
YOU ARE SO FULL OF MISINFORMATION
Outrageous???? The Nerve to say that after the Dems Destroyed the DOJ and FBI for politics is a disgrace!!!! Why do you have an assistant
On your committee as we speak that was in on the Tarmac cover up??? ?? THATS OUTRAGEOUS! You Need Go
You mean stopping the illegal base of the #Democrats?
Dems R going 2 plunge this country in2 a civil war. They believe EVERYTHING has 2 be THEIR far left way or they will OBSTRUCT & tear it down
Oh, unlike the DOUBLE STANDARD in America where Clintons / Dems get away w/ crimes that the rest of us would go to PRISON 4? You hypocrite.
You're the obstruction and hate preacher.
You spelled "EXPOSURE" wrong. (disenfranchisement)
Tick tock, tick tock. Soon ur followers will know the truth about u... jail time is in ur future

You are discredited and being investigated. Comments have little weight.
Your hate for the president won't help you. You hired someone involved in Lynch cover up as you investigate Lynch!!!! What are you hiding?
Re NOKO crisis,1- DEEP-historic endogenous Roots R DemocRATs & complicit RINOs. 2- DEEP-historic exogenous roots R USSR & communism
Beleaguered America faces1- NOKO&Iran ENEMIES 2- Russia&China RIVALS one step short of being Enemies 3- DemocRATs/RINOs/Swamp ENEMY within
U R shameless traitor as mostDemocRATs @ Ur level R. obama's WH CONSPIRED with U, Loretta Lynch, Comey 2 coverUP Lynch/Clinton TarmacMeeting
We need you to do something now. Hating this weak congress right now
that would be sorta like how the voting machines completely disregarded all the votes, but in a socially irrelevant way
Why do U & fellow Dems incist on leaving our elections open to voter fraud? Oh, that's right, its about votes 4 Dems, by illegal aliens
You are absolutely right. If Trump's admin do not resolve this, there will be a collapse on the US justice system and aftermath wl be fatal
Ugh! Stop it already.  Our country has serious issues to work on and your hysterical comments are not bringing any solutions to the table!
Why have you STILL failed to call out corrupt @usagsessions? Shocked and sickened by your support of him @SenFeinstein
Pimping Propaganda pisses people off! We are on to you're wealth distribution So give up your money 
Wait trump is wealthy but that's okay?
Dianne I would be worry about the   Clinton/Lynch scandal which you are now involved in !!! Talk about collusion !!
Support you POTUS! And #MAGA
The DOJ under President Trump is actually getting back to serving the people of this great country.  Under Obama, Holder & Dems was corrupt
Bullshit.
25th Amendment?
OBAMA was a TRAITOR it's all out there!!! Run n hide Democrats !! TRUMP unstoppable!!! AMERICAN'S Support him 100%
Agreed
Get with it Senator, the existential threat to the US Is North Korea not the DOJ. Democratic rhetoric is wearing out patriotic Americans.
u are clearly delusional.....
Are you guys following Dianne Feinstein are being brainwashed Donald J Trump is being strong and making very valid point don't mess with USA
Do you have any facts to back up your ridiculous comment?
Finally DOJ corruption under Lynch is coming to light. Even person working for you formally under Lynch. We will know what was hidden
Trumps administration is putting a black cloud over everything that's right in America. Very dark and sleezy.
I see clouds with silver linings
Where do you come up with this stuff?
You need to find a wY to stop it.
Honestly you need to shut up or go away. TERM LIMITS NEEDED!!!
Disenfranchisement? The Dem party has become the party of name calling and embracing lawlessness in order not to hurt someones feelings.
Leadership has disenfranchised all moderate and working class Dems who love this country and believe in the law and constitution.
And you watched Holder & Lynch?  You need to resign! Traitors to America
No the DOJ under your boy and Rosenstein is widespread cover ups of Obama, Hillary and your party.
Voice of reason is scarce these days. Thank you
Fight with all your might. Your constituents are too
And what are you doing about it besides tweeting? You and your colleagues are now complicit in everything Trump does. You allow it. #impeach
What?!!
Why do you care more about illegals than legal citizens????
We need the #25thAmendmentNow before people get killed!
No problem, seeing as you have been a United States Senator for a thousand years, almost long enough to see it coming.
This is about Democrats being able to vote for Democrats and those votes being tallied for those Democrats right.
Because that is a problem
Thanks for your corruption senator Feinstein!
And Clean up His Man Baby MESS ASAP
Senator you are completely off your meds

outrageous
Intent is probably worse. Leaning more toward suppression and demoralization.
Folks, umm, I believe she's referring to the voter rights news .....
STOP TWEETING AND DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT!!!
And you wonder why the Dem party is dying.
It is a very messed up country we live in.  may never be the same...
True, Dems have set up a lawless divided nation
What the DOJ should really be doing is to put you and your parasitic cronies behind bars. RIP George Moscone. If only he had lived.
Senator I have great respect for you, but I respectfully ask that you and your fellow senators get back to DC to stop tRump
Agreed!  Please remove the nuclear football.
Great you know not what you say
No... that's been the Dems mission. It's working.
And Dems do dick....when will we grow a pair ?
Do something about it Diane. In 2020.
Right! To hell with the rule of law!
Luckily his attempt at distracting us so they could pass a sneaky agenda, will likely lead us all to our deaths.
... hmm... wait a minute.
The Senate and House must remove Trump and family from WH!
Where's congress? Take action. You knew Sessions is a racist and would do this.
Representing California, Feinstein has been disenfranchising us for years.
Bot
Has #Congress approved war? Didn't think so. @HouseDemocrats @HouseGOP @SenateDems @SenateGOP U going to let POTUS start a war w/o approval?
Escalation of threats between two nincompoops is a path no one should be on. But, here we are. Donald and Kim: absurd.
And here I thought that was the mission of the DNC
#fakenews #propaganda
So true. Racism and bigotry are running amuck in 45's administration.
Affirmative Action has no negative consequences for liberal elites.It only negatively impacts poor & working class white families! #WhyULost
What are you talking about Sen Feinstein?  Your tweet makes no sense without specifics.
Let me do it slowly.
R-E-T-I-R-E.
Please do something with Trump. He is going to cause great harm, home and abroad.
Please do something to stop the madness. I am saying this from the depths of my heart and anguish of my soul
It is not just racial or ethnic minorities. People with disabilities are often targets. We didn't get civil rights until 1990 .
Go Trump!
Congress must act NOW to do something about this administration!
Yes, get Obama holdouts out, get obstructionist out of WH. Appoint judges needed. FIRE Shumer, Perlosi, Warren, Waters and a few others

Ditto
Go pick some fruit!
Please introduce legislation for paper ballots nationwide. Electronic machines can't be trusted. Fair elections will remedy the DOJ problem.
Speaking of disenfranchisement......Obama created the forgotten man that elected Trump.
Thank you for noticing. And for your work.
Sen Feinstein: I am a California resident. What action is Congress taking so that dangerous Trump doesn't cause irreparable destruction?
If I lived in California I would be building a bomb shelter....
Once again Sen Feinstein thank you! Keep fighting for all of us!
Lol

It's frustrating we are so powerless
The ENTIRE point of current WH Admin is to systemically tear apart all offices. Deconstruct. Cause mass chaos. @stephenkbannon wet dream.
Correction: Deep State
@GOP has gone all in on white supremacy, disenfranchisement is the only way they have to stay in power.
Expected.
He is dangerous and unstable.  evoke the 25th
Outrageous, but not surprising.
You had 8 years to get this physco under control, you failed miserably. You failed the American people and our security.
4starters -DOJ will indict:
1 NYT for colluding with govt employees to leak information 
2 Comey/Lynch for lying under oath and obstructing

True matters is off her rocker.
How does this bimbo get reelected ???? Ah wait, it's California.... understand !!
His commission is asking for already public records that Democrats seem worried about revealing.  Worried?
whiskey.tango. Foxtrot.?..who's in charge??..anyone. Why aren't you in there fighting to get this madman out of the WH?
Is it to much to ask to know that voters are actually citizens. Should we recount your votes. It sounds like you are afraid of something.
Thank you for all the work you have been doing Senator Feinstein
Congratulations, Senator, for finally copping onto what progressives have been warning Democrats about for years.
You are a link in the corrupt chain of DOJ FBI CLINTON LYNCH COMEY SCANDAL
THIS APPEARS TO YOU NOW? NOW?!
Nuclear war means a whole lot more people won't vote. Being you know, dead.
We are going backwards 25yrs... it has to stop
And what are you gong to do about it? Hmmm? Have old Chuck release another weak slogan? Where are the brawlers?
Well do something other than talk.
only to you lady
Isn't a little more important 2 deal with the madman with the codes right now?!
LOL Dianne gettin worried about her illegal alien money 
Kobach running the voter commission should've been a hint. Kansans know firsthand.
Yes.  Yes, it does.  Time for Congress to do that "checks and balances" thing.
what does this random, inflammatory tweet even mean?
Troll
Please do something I want to sleep at night. I have not slept in over 6 months
GEZZZZZZZZZZZZZZHITLERS STEPS

TWITTER SENATE FLOOR

NOOOOOOOOOO KOREAN WAR
FREEEEEDOM OF SPEECH 
ALL VOTERS COUNT ON PAPER VOTE
NO MACHINES
Is Congress coming back. To deal with Trump?
No, to deal with Feinstein.
Gutting state dept, EPA assault, public education hater, wall street $$. It doesn't appear this way- it's a deliberate planned attack
Are you just a bystander?? There are millions of people counting on you folks in DC.
you DON'T need to go away, you need to shake sense in ppl til they come down look at what's http://happening.this.is .insanity!
Sorry, but that is the good ol Southern Democrats job. Just like always.
You knew that what you were going to get when your colleagues confirmed Sessions.  Coretta Scott King told you all.
Sorry that *was* what you were going to get!
do more than be outraged on twitter thx
It appears that under the Trump administration the mission of the DOJ is to pave the way for widespread disenfranchisement. Outrageous!
Respectfully, distractions and playing to your base aren't tactics you should use right now, @SenFeinstein.
STTTTTTOP GIVING ORDERS

GOVT IS FUCKED

START FIGHTING A GILLION TWITTERS LETTERS CALLS MAKE A DIFFERENCE

You are trying to tell me something about our President but you should be trying to help our President.
This whole corrupt admin is too much. Today with No. Korea is pushing it over the edge.
ENOUGH!!!
It's all about taking the power away from the Dems and returning the power to the people
This won't matter if we're all blown to oblivion. Please assemble some leadership and set this to rights.
We can't let that happen
You need to go away.
