FBI Director McCabe said the Russia investigation is "highly significant." The A.G.'s recusal should apply to choosing the FBI director.
What can/will you do to enforce Sessions' recusal? He clearly has betrayed that promise. How can you hold him accountable in the Senate?
along with lying under oath..#PartnersNCrime
Lol Sorry Dianne, you will have little say in the appointment of a new FBI Director. In case you aren't aware, you are in the minority 
Of course the AG will be there lol since the Attorney General oversees the DOJ, certainly a huge say in who directs the FBI #AmericaFirst 
You need to review the confirmation hearings, that was discussed lol cmon man
Of course I watched it. I have read much of the transcripts lol the rule of law is about to be dispensed again in America #AmericaFirst 
He lied under oath during his freaking confirmation hearing! He must resign!!!
why isn't he being prosecuted
Because not enough citizens have raised their voices yet. @FBI will save our apathetic asses though.
Agreed
@SenFeinstein can you help me understand why the investigation is taking so long? Haven't heard that discussed in the media.
Senator Feinstein, time you got voted out for a REAL PROGRESSIVE.  You haven't served the Majority of Californian's for decades
I respectfully disagree, Suzette, when Senator got into Senate is California turned from red 2B blue,she has helped keep it that way 20+ yr
At the time a more left leaning center worked to turn the state more liberal.. she has greatly benefited our state
What is a real progressive?
A Berniecrat I suppose. No thanks we are Berned out
Neoliberal troll
It's a shame you are alive and breathing perfectly good air!
Why?
Session has recused himself from the Russia investigation, and what on Perjury matter, these are two different things?
He should be impeached along with his boss.
Me too!!
Weak Dem's are our constant problem.
Yes, we need GOP's to get a backbone and stand up for what is right but the DEM's must insist on it.
We have to get some young blood!  I'd love to see millenials and Gen x'ers in govt.
need someone under 50, with common sense
Why are you allowing them to obstruct ?
I'm sure we know that. My thing is they've been too accommodating. It's time to get angry & stop being polite. We r tired of being walked on
I know what that means & plz show me where I yelled at anyone. I believe it was YOU using exclamation points. & I AM a dem.
sorry.  i'm not sure what you are referring to?..
I apologize. I was speaking to maggy, the other person in the convo.
FBI director will not always and only be handling the made up Russia distraction, so yes it's perfectly right 4 Sessions to be involved
Neither should Trump!
My sentiments exactly and it makes no sense.
You are correct!
Agree!
AG Sessions should be fired for perjury. He had contact with the Russian ambassador recusal isn't enough
whatever
I agree.  Also, there should be an investigation of Russian mob money financing of Trump properties such as Trump Soho plus Trump campaign.
He should be in JAIL FOR PERJURY, Dianne.  Why is he walking free, when every other GOD DAMN AMERICAN would be sitting in fucking JAIL?
Thank you! The only thing that could better is if you changed it to "He WON'T be..."

Libs concerned w/letter of law or only their interpretation of it? Recusal>investigation only-no director input limits all FBI processes-duh

He lied to the Senate,his colleagues , twice about meeting with Kislyak
Yet he was confirmed on the condition, after being pressured to do so, to recuse himself from Russia and Hillary. He has not done that.
We need to file ethics complaints with the Alabama Bar and get his law license yanked.
It has nothing to do with your made up bull. The AG has a responsibility to make recomendations. Your zero hero lost. Get over it.
Lied re Russia contacts. Phony recusal. Shd be removed from government.
And Hillary Clinton should be in jail for Espionage. Case will be reopened. Think this got Comey fired?
thank you for your focus, faithfulness, and flintiness
Yes,I agree,Sen.Feinstein,then How Can Congress allow this to happen?! Sessions& Congress ARE COMMITTING TREASONOUS ACTS BY DOING SO! !
I'm a Democrat but I wish the Democratic Party stop acting like a Socialist Party. And that's what we see in Michigan. Resist is socialist
We are counting on you, Madam. Ty.
Sessions should not b involved n picking FBI director. Trump shouldnt either- the person must not b loyal to any party but wont happen w Rep
OK, here we go>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> D U H ! ! !
Why is prez #trump fraternizing with the enemy? what does putin have on @potus @SpeakerRyan @VP @DevinNunes? #kochbros @foxnews @dnc #rt
He shouldn't be the fcking AG either!
Sessions should resign
he shouldn't be involved in politics with with him being mentally deficient as he is all racist are mentally deficient imoho
He hasn't recused himself, though, has he?
He should resign
He recused himself but his prints are all over the  Comey firing. C'mon Dianne, get with it.
Democrats are impotent.
Wrong
They all lie and do the opposite.
FBI director is executive office position. What you say senator makes no sense. I have voted for you 4 times I will not vote for you again.
Or firing the old one.
@hawesness he shouldn’t have been involved in terminating the last one either, but there you have it.
Actually, he should not be the AG
Right. He too should be FIRED!
True.  Please stop him.
Who is there to stop him from doing it?
Wtf happened to this nation?
I agree Sen but don't u think it's abt time Dems start using "fire w/fire"? All elected Dems need to STOP being passive/nice-PLEASE PLEASE!
Try to watch your bias during the investigation.

You've been known to spread propaganda.

I want an HONEST investigation. With sources

Thx
No he hasn't regardless of what he says!
Make it so.
I just viewed Comey's interview on 60 minutes.  Trump was right to be afraid this man of intelligence and principle.  #thetruthhurts
Yeah but come on Dianne, time to kick some ass.
Tell the dems to stop being a bunch of wimps then! This is serious!!!
Attorney General Sessions should be in jail. He lied under oath and congress let him get away with it.
He committed perjury. He shouldn't be Attorney General.
BOOM!  Keep on it officially!  YOU are one of our real HEROES, Dianne!
#FireSessions
Totally agree!
He shouldn't be the attorney general.
He should actually be locked up. He's a habitual liar, under oath. That should matter.
he was always involved in every decision so why should anyone trust any of the gop leaders in congress or senate
He shouldn't be involved in the Department of Justice period.
Sessions and Tillerson need to go. Did you vote to approve either one @SenFeinstein #FindYourBalls
Picking? Sessions is actually interviewing according to news reports. Trump Admin is off the rails--Avoided all Sunday shows.
There should be no FBI pick until there is a special investigator.
That's like telling Obama you are no longer President, but it's okay to back a Presidential candidate in France.
I'm with you and Sen Schumer that there should be no FBI director until Rosenstein appoints a special prosecutor.
Stupid,  The FBI does more than just the Russia investigation.
BRAVO'S BRAVO'S BRAVO'S BRAVO'S BRAVO'S BRAVO'S BRAVO'S YES YES
Sessions shouldn't be involved in Government.
@jeffsessions @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC Sessions should not be involved DUMP THE TRUMP
He should be fired, not Comey!!!
Senator Feinstein.  You are my Senator and I've voted for you many times.  Hasn't he already violated his recusal by firing Comey?
Shouldn't have been involved in firing Comey either!But this was predictable &he should never have been confirmed!#trumprussia
He shouldn't be AG. 'Tis that simple.
Agreed.  What is going to be done about it?

Sessions is not recused from interviewing an FBI Dir.
He should not be the attorney general. Thanks for all you do, Senator, but it's time to shut this game down.
What? How silly. Convoluted logic and you know it. Hypocrite
No kidding. And he should not have been involved in removing #Comey.
Sessions should not have been involved in former FBI Dir. firing either. Please talk about that.
But what are you doing to stop him? It's well and good to say it's wrong, but what are you doing about it?
Just way too little from the Democratic leadership.  Sessions was reportedly part of the decision to fire Comey even though he was recused.
If you're leading the DNC, what do you do next?
Attorney General Sessions LIED to Congress at least three times, WHY is he still AG ! #RESISTANCE
How about he shouldn't be AG
Please don't confirm anyone Crooked Trump picks while he's under investigation. This must stop and it won't With the corrupt republicans !
During Sessions' confirmation also said he would recuse re @HillaryClinton. If he really believes #comeyfired due to emails, must recuse.
He shouldn't have been involved with Comey's departure either.
The only thing in life you can control is yourself
Please call for Sessions to resign. He lied under oath. He said he would recuse himself from Russian matters and did not. #resist
How long will the HOPcontinue 2 allow these violations against the rule of law, our Constitution & our Democracy?  It's past time for action
Sessions needs to be disbarred. Lying
Or firing of previous one.
'JEFF' should be neutered at this point

Understand Cheeto wont allow a neutral investigator as he wouldn't survive it, he knows that
really?
It's time for you to resign, u offer nothing more then lip service fr the Dem party. You don't represent the people only your failing career
He shouldn't be picking the new FBI director AND he should RESIGN
Beauregard should be investigated.
No @LyleMSpencer  .. of all people, not you.
@SMShow Sessions should recuse himself from being AG!
So, what to do about that ???
Recent behavior shows Sessions don't know recusal from shinola. Hope he runs into Loretta Lynch on a tarmac and she sets him straight.
WHAT is the answer here ....
He shouldn't have been involved in the firing of the previous one either
Nobody should! NOT until a Special Council is appointed!
No he shouldn't!!
He really,given his history, shud not be allowed to pick anything more serious than his jumpsuit color.
He needs to resign and be investigated now.
He shouldn't have been involved in the firing either and there should be consequences or is he above the law and rules like Trump seems to b
I know you R 2 mixed up in talking points 2 be logical, but doesn't the FBI have > ONE investigation? Is the job for 10 yrs? Thought so.
Yes, thank you!  Called my senators to say the very same thing.
You really think that matters??? The man making the final decision is the ultimate target of the new FBI director's investigation.
He shouldn't have been involved in his firing either. Can we get him prosecuted for perjury and perjury of justice?
You're confused. Ethics, laws and facts have no impact on Trumpistan
Hillary still lost.
My sentiments exactly! Exactly!!
He will continue to run political interference for Trump until someone stops him. And, that someone is?????
Keep Sessions the hell out of picking new FBI director.
Please support Medical Marijuana
He needs sent back to his Keebler tree and make a batch of little sandies !!!
Jeff Sessions should be disbarred & put on trial for numerous crimes, perjury among them.
@TheJusticeDept
AMEN
He broke the law already for having a hand in the firing of Comey!
Neither should the FBI agents association as they are represented by 
Giuliani 's law firm
Then do something about it . Speak out Puplically .Is this what the 2nd amendment means ,About Foreign Invasion
Like you shouldn't be involved in picking your comms director or chief of staff. But relax - it's POTUS's job.
Please just quit.  You are not sane.
What are you going to do about it besides tweet? The Senate must challenge Sessions.
So Congress must take action NOW before our #Democracy crumbles #trumpRussia
SESSIONS MUST RESIGN BE FIRED
OR INCARCERATED
And MoC Should Declare, Across BOTH Houses, that America's "Red Line has Been Crossed" and DEMAND He

#ReinstateComey
@NCStillWithHer Sessions should be in jail for lying under oath! No other American gets away with this, so why does he?
Thank you for your continued hard work!
He's pathetic. He shouldn't be the SG
Well if GOP didn't steal so many elections we might have some sanity and decency in this country. But it's tyranny now and maybe forever.
@SenFeinstein are your going to demand a special pros to investigate your family's special deal to sell 18billion tax payer owned property?
#ACLU
He should not still be AG
That's correct!
#happymothersday2017 #FightOn and thank you for your service.
but he will, along with other billionaires
No nomination till comey testifies.. Subpoena him.America needs the truth
But he is.
nonsense!
He also violated his own recusal by recommending Comey's firing. He needs to be discharged from the position of AG or resign.
Dianne do your job and stop being obstructionist ! You, Pelosi, & Brown have ruin California !! Try something positive for a change !
Anybody that's being investigated or has anything to do with the Trump administration should be excluded from this choice.
Someone independent should pick new FBI director the WH can't be trusted to do the right thing
he should be disbarred for #Obstruction #Ethics and #LyingUnderOath and NOT hold public office. #TrumpRussia
Like the ones in Congress who voted to repeal the oca but keep it for themselves shouldn't they have abstained?
He should either resign or be removed. Recusal is not enough when perjury is involved.
Your my senator. I demand you bring down Trump! He is criminally insane!
Do something about it.
What can you do to prevent him continuing. Seems like this admin is getting away with everything. Action needed!
Correct. What's being done about it? Removal from office is minimum.
He already violated his recusal pledge by participating in removal of Comey from FBI Directorship
He "says" he recused himself. #actionsspeaklouder
no one should be confirmed
Obstructionist / Democrats sure hate Law and Order and the Constitution
But Sessions is involved in the interviews as far as I know
Thank u 4 posting this. So, take him down take him out do whatever u have to 2 remove him. This is way past absurd and insane @DNC
A lot of things shouldn't be happening in this administration. Has it mattered at all? They believe themselves to be above the law.
Nor should Donald Trump.
Sessions just said he recused himself. That has as much validity as a certified letter from my mother stating I am the new POPE.
@angelakissesu 

#SessionsTheLiar shouldn't have been involved in firing #Comey.

#SpecialProsecutor #Trumprussia #TrumpMob
Please have fellow Dems hold a public forum for Comey. We need to know what is going on
He should not be involved in government, nor even society. #SessionsisKKK
He shouldn't be attorney general. Period.
Wrong again honey
Sessions had "said" he will recuse himself. But as this administration has proven they have problems with truth.
Nice try. So what exactly is the FBI looking for? The 33000 emails
He loves to recuse but behind scenes he is Trump's Goebels.Wake up Senator.While u were sleeping a coup took place.Keep investigating
Jeff Sessions should not be involved in picking new FBI directory.  For that matter, Jeff Sessions should not be Attorney General. #racist
Wasn't he already recused from the whole thing?
Yes yes yes yes and yes. Apparently he doesn't understand the concept! 
When does it end, when is enough enough
They don't even care they're trampling on every element of decency and constitutionality. They truly don't care.
