(2/3) Why would Trump clear Oval Office of everyone, including Comey’s boss AG Sessions? Maybe he wanted to say something with no witnesses.
(3/3) Comey testified under oath. The president has offered to do the same. Great idea, let’s pick a date.
Haven't U heard, now Sessions is saying Trump meant he would talk to Mueller. Shocker, he didn't say that 
I believe Comey and still have faith in our system. Sooner or later, the truth will be delivered to all Americans.
The President can "let anyone go" at any time for any reason, for any offense against the US. Article II, Section 2, Clause 1: Pardon Power
Yes, and the House can impeach a president at any time for any reason, for any offense against the US.
Is there really any doubt here? Trump is a legally certified, lifelong pathological liar. Why is this even being debated?
Legally certified or legally certifiable?
Since Trump could PARDON Flynn why would he try and ask this? Makes no sense. The real corruption is AG Lynch, Comey & HRC plus Tarmac
Of course you do! That surprises no one. You're no different than the blind mind who says he saw the whole thing.
That is NOT what he side.. U mean the psycho Hoover Comey and his memos that were leaked by him
Diane, you were too hard on Comey. He DID explain to Trump about the needed distance between FBI and WH, on Jan 27th.
Well, now we can add in the Word "agree" if you want but that is what Comey said and he is no longer credible.,
Really what he said, or was Trump simply asking whether Comey could get over a "nothing-burger" issue & get on w/his job?
If Comey lied, Trump should show more outrage than he's currently showing. I would be lidvid, wouldn't you?
Good for you
When I say to my son , I HOPE you did your homework, it is not the same as you better do your homework. Comey is the liar here.
If Comey thought this some sort of order that conflicted with his ethics, though, he should have resigned, on the spot.
My boss breaks the law, I'm not the one who needs to go.
Problem being, his boss didn't break the law.  If he did, it is Comey's legal duty to go to the AG.
TV guy.  Or head of FBI    WHOM TO BELIEVE??  Lol
Well "ma'am " you would believe a liar over president,big surprise
Of course what else would we expect. Your bias is why we are voting you OUT  This democrat will vote republican all the way  Thank about it!
But, you're a liar. #NoCred
U also  believe letting illegals  killers run free in sanctuary cities is good, u aren't too bright
me too!
Of course.  Comey has great standards.  Everyone trust Comey
Why don't u put full quote in? I don't recall him saying "would agree". What comey ALLEGES prez sd wasn't a order or request.
Comeys accounting doesn't make sense. Sounds like obvious vendetta from the start.
Why has committee & those in the know not correct lie all these months that prez under investigation?
Why didn't anyone ask comey what else he leaked?
If prez sd quote comey sd I don't interpret as instruction. Just hoping there's nothing there.
My understanding is prez hoped comey would find nothing wrong. Also that he wants investigation to expose if anyone did do wrong.
Well sure bc ur a dem
Go home and pray for yourself and your family! You should be judged for ruining the character of one of your brothers!
I agree
It will be easy to catch him out if he's lying under oath and purgery is criminally impeachable if no obstruction of justice can be wrought!
So do most of us.
Can't believe #Comey now, he admitted being quesy 2 X's . You should have done your job #Comey, & then taken #PeptoBismol!
Either way, doesn't matter.
Don jr said that his father asked. Maybe they need to get their talking points uniform.
Of course you do you liberal twit..but then again, you're part of the swamp. 
Then you are as big a fool as we thought.
And even if he did, he is within his rights as POTUS!
Have you read the Constitution?
#TermLimits
We the people dont believe any of you.
You add it pepper. Comey said 'Hope you will let it go' !
Idiot Senator!
Comey has absolutely no credibility..period! I&many Americans believe @POTUS ,comey was bitter&out for blood w/being fired!Hearing just
Further proved Comey being fired was done for damn good reasons!
I don't believe anything from that man's lips. Sorry.
So?
I also believe Comey. Trump does not know how to tell the truth. Put him under oath and he will commit perjury!
@realDonaldTrump did say he said Flynn nice go and hopes he can see to let it go....Hope...is that your @BarackObama God tagline? #hypocrite
Senator are you able to tell us If this is admin has cooperated with any investigation?
Good Question = #OBSTRUCTIONISTS
Think the Answer = "No" to ALL: letters from Senate & House IC & dif committees Its #ObstructionOfJustice
Senator U believe the Most Political FBI Director In History! Glad 2 see how unbiased U R, a member of the Senate Intel McCarthy Committee!
Comey took direct orders from Loretta Lynch to say "Matters"instead of Investigations in Hillary scandal, orders were given by Obama
Just because Trump stated "I hope" doesn't make it an impeachable crime
The real issues from Comeys statements vindicated Trump but Loretta Lynch,Bill&Hillary are Now in Hot water.This Lynch-Clinton issue BIG!!!
You would lose all credibility if you didn't go after Hillary& L Lynch now because Comey made strong statements about election interfering!
Trump shows just about all the external signs of lying when asked about Russia or Comey.  Very obvious.
I do believe that young Eric confirmed yesterday that daddy did indeed say that.
America agrees, Senator Feinstein. Please keep pushing for the truth. We are counting on you.
Then you're delusional.
WHY DO YOU BELIEVE COMEY? Is your life & Job on the line.  COMEY has lied  in the past under oath.  Has Trump? Have lost respect for you.
Who cares what you believe? You usually pass judgment before looking at evidence.
On one side a policeman with integrity proven over decades of meritorious service with FBI & DOJ. The other side, oops ran out of character.
Why believe Comey? He's lied under oath numerous times already. Also Pres. has constitutional authority to prosecute or not..so moot point.
Sen Feinstein, Trump is Distractor-in-Chief, in the bckgr legislation is prepared, deals made incl. international, + private profiteering
Sure you do. Lol So does Maxine Waters!! Lol The Dems are over! Crazy 
Here u have what FBI people think about Comey
#putinbot
Absolutely Senator Feinstein! Americans look forward to your outstanding leadership in this coming week. Thank you. @Michael36776349
Comey this corrupt FBI did not tell USA #POTUS was innocent n not investigation ofcourse Trump was angry n Comey was the Leaker #ComLeaky
With all Russia hoax n all leaks from day 1 Trump ask Comey to find the leaks he also ask Comey to say #POTUS is not under investigation*
Comey lie about the Memo he lie about Trump tweet NY Post have already post article from the memo before Trump Tweet Comey lie again*
Comey ask to be private with #POTUS first meeting to show his the fake Dossier so why its a problem if #POTUS ask to be private with Comey
U trust Comey?wow after he have purge himself under oath 3 times u must all live in a bubble Comey say he have delete his Memo?NoMemoHillary
I believe Comey.
why has your husband been awarded billions in CA contracts? We are all ready to find out!
Irrelevant Deflection - Typical

#ObstructionOfJustice Charges now in the Congress for Impeachment - Enjoy
#SPMueller lining Criminal Cases
Let's pick a date to see why Comey allowed Lynch to choose the verbage regarding an investigation into Hillary??!?
Multitask: D not let hcare bill designed by 12 men destroy the American healthcare system. #fixACA @SenWarren @SenGillibrand @SenSchumer
Me too.
You believed right up until October and he said he planned to reopen the Clinton email investigation. Stop being partisan.
We all believe Comey!
No we don't.
Honestly, the majority of the American people believe Comey as well. Trump has a loooooooong history of lying, Comey doesn't.

Hmm, who to believe? A pathological liar or Comey? It's really a no-brainer and anyone who believes Trump is a FOOL!!!
Wow. After all the Dems Hated him a few months ago you now believe him and you have only head one side. Time to retire.
No we all don't.
Of course you do.
STOP, NOTHING THERE, IT'S OVER. U LOST. GET OVER IT.  HILLARY & BENGHAZI, what about this? WHERE IS OUR DAMN H2O?
I believe Comey. I also believe he wasn't the only one asked for loyalty. It explains the bootlicking of late. Who else HAS sworn loyalty?
See the Cabinet meeting today ??  Ugh - its gone way beyond boot-licking 
Ass-licking & Praying to Trump Now
#TrumpRussia
Id trust my mother in law if I had one before I trust him.
Diane Feinstein I wouldn't trust Comey as far as I could throw water around the moon.he known for lying he been caught many times doing it
Just read an article about children lost in the foster care system & social worker buried in red tape & emergencies.Then this.
First and foremost ..It was totally wrong for Trump even say to FBI Director Comey that he "hoped" he would let this go.....
Yet his son said he said it, and the RNC chair
Comey lies!
Lordy Lordy Comey leaked to the @nytimes . President Trump was not involved with Russia . Lordy Lordy Comey did not tell . Obstruction justi
I believe Comey too. Trump lies too easily.
Comey is questionable to being with as he is loyal to Obama not the rule of law. He is a total puppet.
#putinpuppet
According to Comey, Comey is a coward and a leaker. Did you get that???
You and me both
I do too.
Wouldn't it be great if Comey had tapes? 
He *is* FBI after all. 
A girl can dream 
I do too ... when are you getting this child out of office out of the White House?
Trump will use language loopholes if allowed. "I never asked Comey to pledge allegiance." Totally true if he used words "I expect loyalty."
It's sad we have such a SLEAZY VINDICTIVE @POTUS that U, senators, congressman have 2 waste time on something so OBVIOUS   DT IS A CRIMINAL
Precision in language leaves opportunity to lie by omission/technicality. 
Did you speak to ___ about ____? 
No (True if they only emailed)
Feinstein is over the hill aged and out of step with the times. Step aside so someone with a view of today can step in.
Need date on calendar now. Day two of promise to testify under oath, and counting.
Of course you do, but then again you take green pills that make you see little pink Christina aguilera monsters so..... #termlimits
No senator read the quote more carefully. 2 topics "this" & Flynn, a "him."
 This, Flynn, good guy, this. Where him would reference Flynn.
I don't believe that
Separation of powers says no.
I agree...also if Comey thought that tapes existed why would he testify under oath and tell a lie.
And your either corrupt or just a fool!
Tuns out Don Jr believed Comey as well.
Wrong!
Listen to FOX interview - LIVE PUBLIC TV #ObstructionOfJustice 
Great Evidence #SPMueller 
Thanks ErikGo and Tweet for Daddy some more
Even if comey wasnt 100x more reputable and proffesional, he said it under oath, unlike sessions/trump.  That automatically adds credibility
So do the American people.
Trump said Comey lied but also said he was a leaker. If lies can't be leaks, if leaks can't be lies.
Nope - Private Citizen #Comey's note were not leaks (not classified, his notes) 

Legal community and Gov DOJ rules and proceedures.
I believe Comey as well Senator. i still believe most of us are not deluded and know the truth when we hear it.
Get the tapes.
Trump is a known pathological lier Comey a man of integrity I believe Comey
such a surprise on who you would believe. You believed everything Obama said also. Kinda of makes your judgement suspect.
#trumpbot
I don't believe Comey, just like we didn't believe you Dems about the Russia lie.
#russiabot
Comey is weak.  Can't believe he was FBI Dir.  He must not have had his Big Boy pants on with Lynch or Trump!!
More fake news for Dianne and the dems
It appears the Don Trump, Jr. has confirmed that Trump said it. In judging character of these men, I  would choose Batman over the Joker.
Me too
I have the utmost respect for your sound judgement and honesty senator. You make me feel proud to be a Californian and an American.
Wish I could say the same. Time for her to retire
thats not what he said.
of course you believe Comey. The guy that wasn't doing a very good job, the one that leaks information.  Maybe that wasn't the first time.
And his son who confirmed it on a news show
"Hoped " is not an order senator.  The president has the right to request an investigation be ended. Just as Mr Obama  did for Clinton
Not an investigation into his own administration he doesn't.
There is a difference between violating the law vs ethics. The law states Trump has the right to end investigations as head of the executive
We deplorables believe @POTUS not the leaker who called Hillary's investigation a MATTER when corrupt Loretta told him 2-what a coward! @CNN
Apparently his son's version of the event seems to align with Comey's ...
It doesn't surprised me you will believe anyone over Trump simply based on your bias.  What makes Comey so believable? Your bias!
Chronology backs up Comey. As Dir. of the FBI, wrote memos right after meetings w/ Trump, and shared details w/ staff BEFORE he was fired.
Me too.
Trump's son sais his Daddy did say it on TV
I agree. Trump should be able to tell his version of the story, in public, and under oath.
Why???
You believe COWARD Comey, who LEAKED privileged conversation to FAILING @nytimes? Bhahahahaha! No wonder your Party is in the toilet! #MAGA
HOPED he could let it go.
It's like me saying I hope the Cubs  could win the world series 5 years in a row.
Your a gangster Feinstein
Your a gangster Diane
Challenged for Words and Off Topic - Bye Bye Trumpster
Wow you're a screwed up individual aren't you. How pathetic, or should I say deplorable
Respectfully Senator, time to look into obstruction and witness intimidation charges. The man is a criminal; will likely face RICO and more
keep dreaming 
Me too!
SENATOR FEINSTEIN THE PRESIDENT IS ON BOTH ENDS OF THE SPECTRUM!
Sen Feinstein, I am a Republican and can say that you seem to be the only honest Democrat in politics.  Thank you for your service.
Just when I was going to pat you on the back for being unbiased!
Obstruction of Justice in Hillary case.

This comes from the FBI's own reports.

Comey ignored it!
SENATOR FEINSTEIN SOME PEOPLE TRUST TOO MUCH; AND THEIR ARE THOSE THAT HAVE NO TRUST!
SENATOR FEINSTEIN THESE PEOPLE HAVE PEOPLE WHO KNOW HUMAN NATURE ;ACTION  AND REACTION!
SENATOR FEINSTEIN GET PRESIDENT TRUMP TO TESTIFY ;SEE WHAT HAPPENS ;BUT IN JUDGMENT HE WAS SET UP; ONE TELLING COMEY WHAT TO DO ANOTHER THE
Of course you do
Go back 2 WORKING on HEALTHCARE & TAXES! That means u #Dems & the #GOP-don't go home till it's done #NoExcuse #NoWhinin
Comey wrong regardless, if Hope meant do, Comey still didn't drop case & didnt report bc too weak, is Flynn clear Sen? U knew no collusion
No one said no collusion. Comey said he could only discuss it in a closed session which meant there likely is. Mueller didn't just hire...
Who he hired for no reason. There is something there.
I'm a woman & have watched you for years now..My momma watched Comey's testimoney to you, she had an opinion that I tweeted. #SilentMajority
It is likely things will get worse 

http://politi.co/2scouMk 
What happens if he fires Mueller?
Nothing good
Where is the MEMO....I want the MEMO....?
me too
Me too.
