(2/2) Make no mistake, this is not about public safety. It’s about pushing a false narrative that all undocumented immigrants are criminals.
But haven't they broken a law by staying in the US without the proper credentials?If I did that in Mexico I would be in jail.
Yes it's already against the law... Dianne is lying to you again.
You do know that they're already criminals, right? Just ignoring facts ... again. "Criminaliens" - get used to it.
Jeff Sessions is evil. How can he be stopped?
@SenFeinstein if you didn't know... They are ALREADY criminals. Time for you to retire. You swore to uphold and defend the Constitution.
Undocumented immigrants are by definition illegal.
I am ashamed that you represent me. You need to be evaluated by a DR. as you may have dementia.
ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS!
Correction:  Illegal aliens.
To be fair, if 11 mil illegal aliens from south USA border are allowed to stay by amnesty, then allow = # immigrants from other countries.
Um, Sen Feinstein, undocumented immigrants are ALREADY criminals for the fact they are undocumented, or did you not know that?
I so wish you were from Georgia...so I could vote AGAINST you! Even the dog catcher is preferable!!!
A criminal act has always been a criminal act how is it even possible to not criminalize a criminal act?
Why defend illegal aliens here while every other legal immigrant comes through the proper process? We need to be fair to all.
Yo Einstein...they are commiting a crime by being here illegally...therefore they are criminals already, Trump didn't make them do it.
They criminalized themselves dummy. When they snuck in this country ILLEGALLY. What part of immigration laws don't you understand?
"Illegal immigrants"....fixed it for you
You should be ashamed for NOT telling them we may elect someone who enforces Federal Laws someday. They should hate you. You deceived them.
They are illegal imigants...You can change all the definitions you want...they still broke the law to get here.
...looks to me, you're more worried about illegals than the citizens who sign your paycheck.
Senator, please be in LA when the big one hits.
she is an old liberal hag and should retire already
They are breaking the law!
Illegal aliens ARE criminals. THIS is what we sent our elected representatives to do. Get out of our way! We want our laws enforced!
So, you don't want the AG to uphold the laws YOU wrote/passed? What do you think he should do???
scary to know that you sit in a legislative branch of government. Wow.
criminalizing undocumented immigrants? Undocumented =illegal. Scary to know that you sit
THEY'RE NOT IMMIGRANTS! They're illegal trespassers. Arrest/deport. Someone comes on YOUR property, ARREST?
if you do not like the law change it.
"undocumented immigrants" are already criminals.
Hey genius, "undocumented immigrants", commonly known as illegal aliens, are ALREADY criminals. They need to be deported, post haste.
Criminalizing? Are you that blind? Ur willful denial will not change the fact that they are already criminals.
YOU SHOULD BE OBEYING YOUR OATH & OUR LAWS!
Please retire.
Enforcing the law is a terrible thing, and our Dems will do everything possible to stamp it out.
They have committed a crime stupid liberal
Your BS is clear for all to see. Prison census in CA, TX etc prove that our prisons are overcrowded becuz of illegal immigrant crime.
Sorry Senator, but these "undocumented immigrants," AKA illegal immigrants, "criminalized" themselve by breaking our immigration laws.
Dear Madam how childishly stupid are your comments about US LAW! You are supposed to be the expl by obeying it
"Criminalizing undocumented immigrants"? By definition, crossing w/o docs is CRIMINAL.
Hey Dianne- I would swear you just did a compound oxymoron! "Criminalizing undocumented immigrants."
For the country's sake retire. A California voter. Coming into our country IS illegal. Get a grip.
Deporting criminal illegal immigrants Feinstein is like a vampire who needs a constant source of fresh blood to suck she feeds on the weak
How do you get voted into office? It's amazing. Illegal Aliens are criminals by definition of the law, that's why it's illegal.
Stop using undocumented for YOUR political reasons, it's ILLEGAL. Breaking the law is called ILLEGAL.. Thank God so many of you are ancient.
If u do not agree we are a sovereign nation, you have violated your oath, and are deemed a traitor to this nation. #Retire
Do u not agree, the US is a sovereign nation? One u swore uphold oath of the constitution? We have laws,being illegal, they broke the law!!!
what part of ILLEGAL ALIEN don't you understand? Every last one of them is a criminal!
More limited resources r going to services 4 these illegal aliens. No other country in the world tolerates this abuse of sovereignty.
show us how u got so rich working as a govt employee???  Your hubby too
why u need more voters to keep ur millionaire salary??? time for u to either fess up or go
ILLEGAL ALIENS criminalize themselves by being here ILLEGALLY. Just once, try upholding your oath to protect and defend the Constitution.
They criminalized themselves when they illegally entered the US.
Illegal aliens you mean
You realize the individuals who commit a crime by entering the U.S. Illegally are the ones criminalizing...
Shorter Dianne: "The law enforcement community should not enforce the law."
Shifting from crimes like Voter Fraud, Sex trafficking, Drugs, Human Trafficking (to name a few)? Seems to me it is all about public safety
Diane it is time YOU retire & take Nancy & Maxine with you. I don't think any of you could pass psychic eval UPHOLD OUR LAWS
Have not heard President or DOJ say anything other than criminals being deported. Maybe the party of criminals is against this nations laws?
At 84, it seems u have given up on ur job 2 protect American citizens from harm. Must be easy 2 ignore it from behind your mansion walls.
To quote someone who shall remain nameless "elections have consequences"
the Sen. wishes to keep many potential dem voters pouring in. Time to retire this old hag.
Hey, Di, how many illegals are you hosting at your mansion? None? Then U have no skin in the game. Fraud.
Do you understand our laws?
hey Diane it's illegal aliens sweetheart!
Illegal Aliens criminalize themselves the moment they enter the country.
You can't "criminalize" breaking the law. It's already criminal by nature...
abt time someone started looking out 4 citizens, 'cause you & the rest of Congress sure as hell haven't.
oh NOW we have limited resources?! Last 8 years Congress threw $ at anything Obama wanted, esp illegals.
Senator, you spelled "illegal" wrong.  Just wanted to point that out to you.
Senator, you spelled "Illegal" wrong.
And you should do your job and enforce the law..
Deporting is not criminalizing. I support path 2 citizenship, but get your facts straight. Coming here illegally is a crime.
undocumented immigrant=illegal alien=criminal
I'm for nullification of state tax laws.I wonder if liberal judges will be kind 2me? Well I'm sure u'll be there. I'm just providen 4 family
So you are advocating ignoring the Law? Really? Well I'd like 2not pay state taxes. Hope u don't criminalize me?Throw me in jail, seperated
Senator. USCIS takes millions of dollars from Immigrants everyday in the form of Bail. When aliens don't show, they forfeit Bail.U know this
Undocumented aliens ARE criminals, they're here ILLEGALLY, a violation of the law! Honest immigrants APPLY for citizenship the legal way!
.If you'd cut back your welfare for illegals it wouldn't be limited. You on the other hand are the epitome of #TermLimits  you got to go
Like the Pope criticized the wall. He wants to overrun political system by Catholic immigrants
Undocumented immigrants are here illegally. Illegal as in criminal. Didn't they teach you that in school?
We do not for one minute think Isis didn't mix among the immigration people, and you're so wrong at jeopardy just like the other countries.
Why do you not want the laws of the land followed? Very serious question.
You misspelled illegal.
If you don't like the laws of our land, you are free to try to illegally enter another country. See how that works for you.
How do we change the DOJ Secretary's mind or position???
LOL
How dare he uphold the law?!? What on earth is he thinking, eh?
Undocumented=illegal=criminal=breaking the law. If written on a chalkboard in a "safe space" wld u get it then?!?
ILLEGAL ALIENS ?? -- then change the law  @TheJusticeDept
Why not? You constantly try to criminalize lawful firearms, & gun owners.
should enforce all laws. If you don't like the law, change it!
You've been in the Senate for 20+ years. You did nothing the and nothing now. Time to give the grow ups a chance.
You Dianne Feinstein should not use your limited time left continuing to protect the foreign #pimps who torture girls in your hometown!
A nation of laws should enforce the laws.  One should not pick what laws to follow or not follow.
Please, can't you stop this?  Please do something!
.She can't do shit :)  #TermLimits #DeportThemAll #AidingAbettingIsAFelony #SanctionCalifornia
Yes they should.  But it should not engage in witch hunts like Ferguson and over zealous monitoring of local jurisdictions.
Undocumented immigrants is Democrat core for ILLEGALS.
What about undocumented pharmacists?
50% to expelling illegals & 50% to convicting Hillary, Obama & Soros!
Conversely, the taxpayers should not have to pay for attorneys whose job it is to fight to keep illegal aliens in the country.
Simply amazing that liberal politicians intentionally deceive the public on a daily basis. Feinstein should've resigned years ago.
because the tramp knows that illegals = electoral votes in CA.
of course she doesnt want them removed
No "criminalizing" involved. They're already criminals.
You are spending our " limited resources" on a private law firm.  Eric Holder is getting big bucks.  How on earth can you explain that??!!
Senator who thinks no laws restrict buying a gun thinks being in US illegally isn't breaking d law. Maybe learn d laws in d books, Dianne?
If only you knew someone that had the power, NAY!, RESPONSIBILTY to write, change and pass the laws in this country. If only you knew...
So what u r saying is that we should ignore the laws in the books that say aliens in d country must possess proper, lawful authorization?
Let's not use CA's limited resources to pay for education and health care for undocumented immigrants, okay?
The democrat party needs to change its name to the Illegal Immigrant, Sharia Law, and Sanctuary City Party.
Their already criminals.
Criminalizing?! PRO-TIP: Coming here illegally = already a criminal. Period. Start prioritizing citizens & LEGAL immigrants!
If only there were a process to change laws and that you could have a role in making that happen.
Breaking the law = criminal...
As your (unwilling) constituent, I deserve an answer on why you care more about illegal immigrants than you do about me. You never answer.
Thank you Senator!
Maybe if you could explain which laws we must follow and those we can ignore? That would be helpful.
They are criminals and R "illegal foreign nationals" not "undocumented immigrants" @POTUS @jeffsessions @ICEgov @kevincorke @FoxNews #TX1
How the fuck do you stay in office.  They are criminals
Who are you working for? Mexico? Corporate donors?  Sura ain't us
They ARE criminals. A senator who defends criminality should be impeached.
Put down the crack pipe Diane
"caught in the act"
We refuse to be victims you need to stop bullying us with your illegal emigrants that you care about only for their vote
It should do your job protect this country and it's LEGAL citizens.  Tired of paying for all your bs
Wrong again little lady.  Emphasis on LITTLE!
