The Republican health care plan would also gut Medi-Cal—a crippling blow to California’s budget. #SaveMedicaid
Two-thirds of Medi-Cal dollars are spent on the elderly and those with disabilities. We can’t turn our backs on them. #SaveMedicaid.
#MedicareForAll please support Berniecare or I can no longer support you as my senator. Thank you.
Can I see your tax returns??
Ryan's all about the money,  so is trump.  More for them, less for those who really need coverage!    Sickening repugs

Do you remember Medicare?  Older Americans are covered.  U need to look at below 65 coverage. Stop trying to scare the older people.
But yet U voted for obama care? If gov would stop stealing from SS and medicare the older people wouldnt be paying out more
Why? because you can see what's in it before you sign it!
DO NOT SUPPORT this atrocity!! Thank you!
so have you an answer to fixing "healthcare", ma'am?
How many millions lost their insurance and you gave it to someone else and now they can't even afford HC.
what's your point?!
Ryancare/ trumpcare is not care at all. It's cruel treatment of people who "don't deserve" quality or quantity of life
How unfair. What a bunch of hypocrites these republicans are. .
@dealwithron This irritates me TO NO END! How DARE they get ANOTHER tax break.Most like trump already pay $0 bc they're"smart"
Quit Whining and lying. InAZ premiums have increased 116%. Middle class losing business's, deductibles in thousands.#stoplying
thank you for your service. We need so many more women like you!!!
No way stop them.  Tell us what else we can do besides our calling writing and requesting they show up for town hall mtgs??
@PrincessBravato This isn't Health Care, its a huge tax reduction for the Wealthiest! DESPICABLE! Shame,Shame,Shame on Repugs!
@PrincessBravato @EastBayTimes not complaining .. $$$ doesn't make you happy..but I guess it will keep you alive.
@PrincessBravato @EastBayTimes my hub is 70. We live on $1500 a month..how are we going to afford 7000 MORE?
If she cared about health care, she would NOT have voted for ObamaCare.
Thank you for all you do for us as your California constituents! Your work is more stressful this year. Please stay safe.
-it is not even a plan yet and has not passed-why lie? you lied about Obamacare and now it has to be replaced-shameful
One of the richest women in Congress and she fakes likes she cares about folks
this is a much better approach to the issue.
who is one of those millionaires that will be saving $.  You are just like Crazy Clinton B.  You people need to vote you OUT
she should be saving  overflow of water that flows from rivers& dams & goes straight into ocean-read about Orville
what are you gonna do about it?
@AleciaWarrenXO @EastBayTimes  Filibuster it. Walk out ,do something.
The Poor will be paying more as well. #DONTFORGETPOOR !
I hope those Trump supporters once they fond out that he screwed them they have sense enough to vote out of ofc.
LOL Barack screwed us already. ACA is not affordable only ones who like it get it free
Senator, I hope you Democrats have an unifying message for those Trump supporters who will lose their ACA.
So a major death spiral from the millionaires and billionaires who will sit back & watch the bodies stack up.
Kill it!
We can always count on your criticism. Thanks Dianne!
tell her to work on planned reservoirs from decades ago to catch water that flows from Orville into ocean-
I praised you to my group at the children's forum yesterday in pleasant hill ca please don't let us down
- Thanks.
Karma is a b
I suggest taking the insurance companies out all together. This is a payment thing, in the way of saving lives. Save lives.
Pay for all meal programs instead of Trumps stupid wall....
like at our school that they call nutritious-it is mostly  sandwiches and salads drenched  with salad dressing
oh really! And how much money have you and your greedy husband made on taxpayers backs since in government jobs!
Thank you
oh come on. Fight back. That is crazy!!!  #resist
How would you know since you have exclusive care paid for by taxpayers that only Congress gets.  Give it up & buy ur own.
Thanks Senator Feinstein. Please stay strong in resisting this!
Did you confirm that with Joe Manchin?
well then all the dead people will be worth Insurance Company profits
@KaivanShroff Block Gorsuch too because I'm sure they have a list of awful things to put in front of a right-leaning SCOTUS.
Thanks for all you do for California!
CA should catch the water that flows from Orville dam instead of letting it flow to ocean-& politician cry drought?
Please use your powerful voice and position to save the ACA Senator.
your plan failed let's try another way you are so blinded against trump that if the Lord wrote the bill you would reject it
Thank you - keep fighting to save the ACA.
Considering the sordid history and lies of Dem cost projections I am inclined to believe the opposite is true.
@LiberalJaxx begin the process of impeachment it's not going to start itself
Lotsa luck with that one Sparky.
No one GOP in either house voted for ACA. You created the nightmare now ur shifting the blame like always. Repeal & replace U
Under Obamacare seniors would have no coverage at all.  The system was bankrupt.  Running out of working people's money!
many people under obamacare have coverage but can't use it due to high co pays and deductibles-
The Replace and Repeal will provide better Healthcare for those on Medicaid and Medicare the current quality is lousy in IN.
read about doctor Co-op only for primary/ saves much money, doctors buy drugs in quantities, offer cheaper tests
@Plantflowes This can't happen can it? I suggest every dem member of congress get out and explain this on every media outlet
Now plz
@marcifromCO And she is not going to sell her soul after seeing her come out of that mtg
Thank you for #resisting !
Thank you Senator for fighting for us
@SpeakerRyan - Ryan is this true? Speak up don't be shy. Your so proud of your plan tell us the truth.
Nor any soul of conscience
You sound like a broken record...you seem to forget the problems with ACA...Why aren't you talking about that?
This is what you end up with when the for profit health insurance lobby bought Congress' rejection of Single Payer
Which is exactly Y Govt should be removed from Heathcare. U've now politicized a freedom I once possessed
@MaryMarybrogdon Thank you, Sen Feinstein, for fighting so hard for real Americans
Yup while she is living in her mansion - flying around the globe guzzling gas she is working
@gop is the party of lobbyists.
and may be you leave office now and never come back that would be better fool!
Mulvaney said this was compassion - so is Euthanasia. The GOP is soulless, keep up the fight Senator!
If Obamacare was so great why would we need to replace it-not to bright are ya-have to as Obamacare is a mess
Now that would be a good start to get rid of wast!
but hey, there are plenty of cheap places to live in America! im sure theyll find their way. afterall, we can't all fit in Cal
you are working so hard.we,See you♡
but yes, not everyone can afford to live here with the new plan, even if they keep working their shitty part time jobs
or better yet, let's lower those rates by making californians healthier. win win
and what do you pay granny feinstein?
if you want all that money, why don't you get it from your own state? fund medicaid yourself if it's so important
ofc you are, cause cal uses it.  cal loves the medicaid money
medicaid is the biggest spending source in this country by far. it's monstrous. and you're asking for more?
also 1 in 3 people are on medicaid in california?? wth, what's wrong with this state
"Obamacare replacement is no bill a Democrat can support" yall rly big into that free thinking i see
thank you as a constituent!
A disaster! Beyond despicable!  COAL COUNTRY AGREES WITH SANDERS AND YOU! #RepairNotRepeal
I expect my Senator from the Great State of California to Vote a resounding NO on TrumpCare.
So just let Obamacare implode?
- Sad.
$20,000,000,000,000 debt you created. #shameONyou
GOP=tax breaks for rich, health care for rich, border walls to keep out poor-even in their own communities, "I've got mine..."
#RyanCare DOA
Where was this clairvoyance before the failed Obamacare became law?
Senator, we all concur, obviously. Please outline a plan to prevent or remedy this, signed 100% of your constituents.
100% is a rather high bar. What do you concur with?
take profit out of healthcare!
What are you going to do about that? What happened to Democrat messages?
@GOP has no conscience, soul, heart, or intelligence. Wicked evil self serving is what they are @SpeakerRyan @McConnellPress
Oh come on. Govt has become a sole income redistribution scheme by both pty
Thank you for fighting against this terrible Republican health plan. My retired mother can't afford higher health care costs!
@SenFeinsteinbut Obamacare will be here until 2018- if you think she cannot afford medical now wait until next Obama care hike
can we please catch up with the rest of the civilized world and develop universal health care for all.
Why do the rich from around the civilized world come here for health care?
"...no *human can support."
IN OTHER COUNTRIES THERE SEEMS TO BE KNOWLEDGE AND EVIDENCE THAT YOUNG PEOPLE WILL GROW OLD..  SO EVERYONE PARTICIPATES.
stand up against this.
Fight this!
sounds like I should strive to be a millionaire?
@nycquinn @EastBayTimes #SayItLouder. Of course not, no thinking person would support #TrumpDeathCare
what else is new Trump watching after the rich
