Delay, OK court docs unsealed Tuesday. Let's see what they unveil.
We can do better than most of his cabinet but your GOP colleagues have decided our country isn't worthy of qualified leaders
he put the oil-loving fox in charge of the hen house. Will the atrocities never end?
Everybody is better when it comes to you libs!
@tara_johansson yet here we are :-(
Agreed!
I urge you to help President Truman fill his cabinet is quickly as possible! Support him, do not throw down roadblocks!!!!!
we know Democrats in Washington are very slow - why not retire like the rhetoric you use- its old and tired
He might be OK.
Thank you @SenFeinstein Pruitt would be a disaster we can't afford.
Will show this to family. Got 2 senators 1 Rep. the Senate and homeland on Speeddial. #notSocrazy!
@wjcoop Finnaly we have someone who is going to rein in a corrupt out of control EPA.
Trump does not have the best interest of our country. Please repeat my comment.
just got appointed let him have his day. U have been blocking traffic for years. What have you done?  Wish I could vote in CA.
we can do way better than YOU
Thank you Sen Feinstein for all your NO votes & continuing to fight for our environment.  Working on some house back up 4 U!
Too late. The election is over. Its our eight years now. Scott Pruitt is the very best.
and yet here we are. He's confirmed. What a joke. #partyfirst #fakepresident
And idiots shouldn't be in Washington either, burt they are!
No Feinstein America can do better than you!
Thank you Senator Feinstein. You are a great American. #Resist #WeStandIndivisible
Thanks for standing up for what is right 4USA
We can but we won't. #Resist
U didn't say that when Obama was President WTH
we support you. Keep up the fight.
Thank you, yes
yesterday's wh ruling will make coal people happy but not those who like clean water to drink or the sport fishing industry.
@jennylouquilts amen to that
yes!
thank you for voting no! Do whatever you can to postpone his appointment please!
Thank you for voting "no" on Pruitt!
Thank you for voting NO on Pruitt!!!
not really sure we could do worse.
U must delay vote until u have seen the e-mails.
when is your townhall?
Thank you !!!  #resist @POTUS
thank you!  I was just preparing to call you with this exact message.
DON'T VOTE . The American  people are begging for Independent Counsel on Trump
Thank you Senator! Fight Pruitt's nomination!
Translation:  put a Democrat in office
please stop the process. He's not vetted yet. Read the emails first that he has withheld ! This is NOT ok!!!!!!
Thank you @SenFeinstein for standing up for the EPA
thank you for standing up to #resist trump and #Pruitt
Nothing but scare tactics from the queen of scare tactics. Go back to SF to finish rotting from the inside. #whyyoulost
Reject Scott Pruitt for EPA.
no we can do without the EPA .... as it is today.
Duh! You Think, A untrained Chimp could do better! Environmental Disaster Around the Corner!

Focus more on what u do want and less on what u don't want! Nstead of recognizing those u oppose, focus more on those u don't!
you are a crook. #DraintheSwamp #TermLimits
I fully support this view.
Yes please hold off confirmation.
Thank you for your clear and powerful statement in support of my children's clean air and clean water future.
we need to impeach that moron in the white house
he is unfit
Strongly agree! Thank you for fighting his nomination
keep delaying the vote!
One thing is certain Senator. No rivers will be turning into bizarre colors under Mr. Pruitt. #MAGA
We know Dems will not approve…your rejection speaks volumes on what you think of the majority of nation. But you are in CA.
another day..Another failed agenda
Stand strong against Pruitt Thank you Senator!
“radical” as we just find the data used for Paris was manipulated? we need common sense look….not hysteria Dems bring to table
