your opposition is unfounded. Please reconsider your position and help #America get moving again. #ccot #millennial #tlot
thanks for standing up for what's right. It's wrong to put #pollutingPruitt in charge of environmental protection.
Please Senator, vote no on all of Trumputin's nominees. You have already voted for too many of them.
thank you
Wonderful! Thank you for committing. #SaveEPA
While I'm stating the obvious, I think @SenFeinstein opposes anything she doesn't propose. Narrow minded politician needs to step aside.
thank you !
yup keep that jackass out! Didn't even know what EPA stood for?! Automatic failure in any sane persons book!
Senator Feinstein, thank you for standing strong to protect Californians and all Americans from this heinous nominee.
Thank you, thank you, thank you!
Thank you so much for representing our interests! No on Pruitt!
Thank you. Scott Pruitt in charge of EPA is a disaster!
THANK YOU!!!!!!
So on board with you
Would you rather have another Animas River mess that the Dems can ignore? Approve Trump's cabinet already!
HYPOCRITE ALERT: Dianne supports massive imports from countries that do not observe environmental regulations! #MAGA
thank god
thank you!
Thanks
Thank you @SenFeinstein!  I hope you will be a strong force in pushing for the vote to be postponed until after we can see his emails!
confirm Pruitt!
Please call for delay of vote until judge-ordered docs re: #Pruitt convos w/fossil fuel industry are released. #EPA
yes
shocking that you oppose him. Shocking.
thank you!
thank you!
Thank you.
Thank you for your leadership Senator.
@indivisible_la but, will you support a town hall with your constituents?
thank you. I've been calling you and can't seem to get thru
Hurrah from 95073!
Thank you Senator Feinstein!!
Thank you...do what you can...we are with you!
Thank you from San Jose, Senator
Thank you!
.@SenFeinstein I applaud your opposition to Scott Pruitt's nomination to head the EPA. He will be a disaster for the #climate.
Thank you!
THANK YOU! #EarthDay #ScienceMarch #climatechangeshealth
Thank you!
thank you!
Thank you, Senator!
thank you
thank you! please do vote against him.
please do what is possible to delay this vote. We must see Pruitt emails before vote!
Thank you, Senator Feinstein.
Thanks Senator Feinstein. Keep up the fight! Not only does California need you, but so does the rest of the US.
Thank you for listening to CA residents and protecting our environment.
.@SenFeinstein  thank u!!! @Nikij625
Thank you!
THANK YOU
Thank you!
thank you Diane for always standing up for the people!
Thank you Senator :)  Please convince your Senate colleagues to join you.
Thank you! The EPA has made the air and water safer for all of us! Please convince your Senate colleagues to join you.
thank you for this. Love, a constituent from California
Thank you!
Thank you! #StopPruitt #ImpeachTrump
thank you so much for standing up for what is still considered American values. Please keep shining the light of truth.
thank you!!!
thank you
THANK YOU!!
we know it's crazy - let us not grow weary of doing good, for in due season we will reap, if we do not give up. Galatians 6:9
thank you for continuing to #RESIST
Thank you!!
So you're plan is to oppose all nominees?
Thank you, now use the Dale Carnegie method and get some repubs on your side!!  Or #factsnotfear #facts are good..
Thank you!
Thank you!
good. I've been trying to get a hold of you all day.
You oppose everyone that is up for a cabinet job. How is it that you didn't oppose any of Obama's.
Thank you!  Pls attempt to get vote put off until after e-mails released from Oklahoma
.@SenFeinstein yeeees! Thank you Senator Feinstein!
Thanks but right now bipartisan investigation of RU infiltration priority No. 1. Nothing moves forward b4 full investigation.
Thank you!  This is one to delay at all costs - info still coming in!
What Environmental Protection Agency ? 
Proud to be a Californian!'
What if there's no EPA? #thisisnotnormal
Thank you, Senator, from about-to-be-rainy Studio City, CA
You oppose anybody not Democrat...just say that and reuse that statement for each of the nominees.
Is there anything you DON'T oppose (Other than more benefits for illegal immigrants and welfare for loafers)?
You and Congress are not doing enough.  You are losing good federal workers because of these confirmed cabinet members.
you oppose everything you didn't think up yourself
Thank you for opposing Pruitt.  Now please convince GOP senators to oppose too!
Thank you! How can we help fight his appointment?
Thank you Senator!
why wouldn't she she opposes everything term limits now please
please be vocal and perdistant
Thank you!! We need to keep America an awesome country.
thank you...again!!
Thank you Senator. California is behind your Resistance efforts
can you do more than that? Can you reach out to Republican Senators and try to get some to cross the aisle on this?
Let's hope it actually counts this time. :(
thank you!
of course you do.....the green activists own you.
thank you!!
Thank you!
thank you, please push for #trumpinvestigations #resist
thank you! Our environment must be protected and defended.
If Trump was impeached  would his cabinet be null & void? I expect they would be if we had another election since this fake
the election was fake? What are you smoking?
thank you!
of course not.... advise and consent is your duty
wow
Thank you from a constituent.
Thank you!
Thank you! Please keep pushing for independent investigation of Russian ties in White House.
How come it was ok for HRC to have ties with Russia.
Oh for goodness sakes. No one said anything was ok, stay focused on what's actually happening in current WH please.
I appreciate your efforts and thank you for still trying.
thank you!
