where is your evidence an investigation is necessary?  Show us.
huh?
was I not clear enough?  Where's ANY evidence of russian interference.
Yes, and why the constant lies about contacts to Russia. Lying to VP, Congress, FBI.
you need to educate yourself. google is a great tool.
please.  Nonsense.  Thanks for citing proof
keep pushing!!
waste more tax payer money when the FBI has already said there is zero evidence.
I call for impeaching Trump making AG resign. then fire Brannon, Jared K, & Miller start over Russia paid this
Get over it, you lost!
Instead of worrying about Russia, you should be worrying about the CIA. God you are terrible. #Vault7
They don't worry about "us" only about "them"
They have made this abundantly clear.
@Cognac4Paws @YouTube Save our country from this monster and his mobster regime.
thank you!!! Why have you not demanded Sessions resignation?!?!
thank you Senator Feinstein. don't let up!
, thank you! @RepPaulCook are you doing the same?
Thank you, Senator
@tresamused @YouTube The media must highlight the calls for special prosecutor & the story of a GOP trying to bury/cover up.
Thank you
but doesn't that mean any results short of indictment will be unavailable to the public? We need details to inform 2018 voting
@MarieCamalier don't let the @gop @HouseGOP get away with this Senator. #RussiaGate
Thank you. Also, how about perjury charges against the highest law enforcement officer in the land? Has the bar sunken so low?
Deputy AG works for @jeffsessions he's making excuses not to appoint a special prosecutor don't confirm another vicious Repub.
Democrats are just RABID, BLOODTHIRSTY DOGS hunting down an innocent,HONORABLE man.
Vote for Gorsuch
Fair enough, but please not someone like Kenneth Starr, wasting millions after millions on personal biases and high fees.
There's no Russia story but with Obama there was a Muslim brotherhood story!
thank you- please keep pushing!
@JacekJasinski @YouTube 
Yes. We can't rely on the Deputy AG. This is too important.
.@SenFeinstein Keep up the pressure! Keep up the resistance! #resist
about time you stood against the GOP and their treason instead of joining them. Notice their stance on cannabis? Yours is same
Thank you!

I'm sure Senator Feinstein knew about the CIA's ability to hack our everyday devices, maybe we should investigate her instead!
do not lose the fight here, they are trying to bury this but keep it coming!
...where were you with the hillary/russian/muslim connections...
did you call for a special prosecutor on Loretta Lynch meeting with Bubba on the tarmac when Hillary was in trouble?
And don't stop until we get 1. #GroundsExist: Flynn, Sessions lies, parade of staffers meeting Russians then lying  Trump 
Russian Oil Billionaires' Next Big Investment - American Health Care - Bloomberg
@PalmerReport SALLY YATES is the PERFECT ONE for the JOB!
But nominee didn't commit. Demand of incumbent before he's relieved; his final act. Almost out of time. We're counting on you.
thank you!
thank you, Senator Feinstein.
thank you Senator!
@starfirst @YouTube Thank you
thank you!
keep up the good fight. We need to get to the bottom of this! Don't let it fall by the wayside like repubs want
thank you Senator!
Please continue to fight for an independent special prosecutor to lead the Russia Investigation.
Thank you, honorable Senator. Keep it up, please. We need you!
Thank you, Senator.
please demand that Sessions step down from AG.  He perjured himself and has proven himself to be unethical. #FireSessions
Please do not back down Senator. Prove them wrong g!
#TrumpRussia
#IndependentInvestigation #SpecialProsecutor 
I agree!!
Please sign & share!
https://www.change.org/p/immediate-independent-bipartisan-investigation-of-trump-administration?recruiter=522794777&utm_source=share_petition&utm_medium=twitter&utm_campaign=share_twitter_responsive … via @Change
@PalmerReport @YouTube How can we best help?
@PalmerReport @YouTube Thank you.And when the sun comes up tomorrow, do it again.
@PalmerReport @YouTube Keep the fireon their feet! Dont let up! Thank you!
waste of time.
you would waste less time finding out if the CIA left the fingerprints of 'Russia'  it is evident this is alphabet agencies.
keep fighting we need answers
.@SenFeinstein Call all you want, but what specific actions are you taking on this? Democracy depends on actions by our reps –not just words
thank you.
thank you Senator Feinstein, even one communist in our government is one too many.
Thank you!
how about a special prosecutor to investigate the Democratic Party.
way to change the subject.  Why did Flynn and Sessions lie again?
a Senator as Progressive as Bernie Sanders or Elizabeth Warren! DiFi is an EMBARRASSMENT for a Progress CA!!!
your attitude is embarrassing.
who looks at this doddering, obsolete gasbag stuck back in the 20th century with her GOP buddies and sees...
the existential threat of Trump Presidency just isn't built for a sleepy 25 yrs of biz as usual! DiFi failing CA!!!
she is dragging her feet and not demanding Sessions resign like any Dem with integrity would!  Sorry, but...
STUNNED that every Tweet is positive for "strategize with Republicans" Feinstein! Are you even paying attention?!?
Great! While you're at it, you can investigate the Democratic Party establishment too. Nobody is holding them to account.
Keep up the pressure. Where there's smoke there's fire
You mean the same special prosecutor you called for on Benghazi, Clinton foundation etc?
I guess 6 million dollars worth of investigative waste not enough for you?
Thank you!
@IndivisibleEB Keep pushing forward. Minority inside, but majority outside Congress. We are all with you.
Thank you! Keep up the pressure!
Senator, please get your facts straight before invoking special prosecutors. Barking up wrong tree!
How about a special prosecutor to lead #CIA's faking Russian hack and spying o Americans? 

#Vault7 #WikiLeaks
@batchelorshow @YouTube Diane. You probably don't know. Russia didn't do it. The DNC did.
We'd like to see your husband's post office property sales and railway contracts investigated too, BTW.
@batchelorshow @YouTube #ObamaGate myst be investigated. This is criminal behavior. No warrant was needed for Obama to do this
@batchelorshow @YouTube We must 8nvestigate #ObamaGate. Pathetic CIA pretending to be Russia to hack. Disgusting.
Thank you Senator.  I think this is vitally important.
Thank you for being a seasoned voice of reason!! And keep wearing purple - an encouraging color of political engagement across the spectrum.
Thank you !
@cmarinucci @YouTube Trumps taxes will answer a lot of questions.  He is abusing the Emoluments Clause and can care less.
Thank you Senator Feinstein.
Thank you @SenFeinstein
You must FORCE this to happen! This administration is a joke and making us the laughingstock of the world. #trumprussia
Yes Please, yes we do, yes we need an INDEPENDENT investigation. The Intel committees have Trump Campaign advisers. Optics!
Thank you Senator!
Thank you Senator Feinstein!
It's getting worse day by day. Nonpartisan investigation is required. No GOP excuses! #russiagate #Trumprussia
thank you #resistance
thank you. Do not let up on this. #Resist #Persist #Russiagate #KremlinKonnectionKlan
and please oppose ending the EPA!
Thank you.
thank you for leading the fight!
Thank you Senator! Keep fighting, we're behind you!!!
Thank you, Senator #Resist
Thank you. Disturbed by constant, blatant lies from WH oval office, cabinet members, press secretary and spokespersons.
at what point does GOP stop throwing the country under a bus and admit we have a serious problem to address? Christ almighty
thank you!
keep up the fight, Senator!
WELL DONE, TRUMP RESIGNATION IS OVERDUE NOW. WE WANT LOVE AND PEACE.
thank you.
thank you. It is needed.
thank you.
probable cause calls for process to adjudicate reasonable suspicion of criminal foreign electioneering & civil liability:b
cause for process: suspicion: electioneering
Yeah lets waste more time & money. Intel community has all the data & said no scandals found. Give it up & do something useful
thank you. Pls stay strong and keep asking!!
Thanks  Good job. These liars can not be trusted by We The People! Our Democracy comes first instead of the Party.
.@SenFeinstein Keep fighting, keep fighting, keep fighting. Don't give up. Don't compromise. Protect this country. We are with you. Thanks.
US congress surely needs to hear this & comparable things like:
Look before crossing a street
Put on pants when going out
..
Thank you!  Can you ensure that Christopher Steele is interviewed in the U.K.? The Dutch have information too!
Keep at it, Senator! Your constituents agree! #WeDemandAnswers
Thank you Sen Feinstein! Keep up the pressure and keep asking the tough questions. U represent us well!
thank you Dianne. Keep calling.
@sheilafaye01_g @YouTube  Wish we could clone you! A senator with integrity and working for the people-- how unusual.
PLEASE keep fighting!!
thank you!
Thank you Senator Feinstein. Keep fighting
Good for you -- don't stop until we get one.
Careful what you wish for.
maybe we get one, and he can go through all the Wiki documents also Senator
Thank you Senator We need a special prosecutor!
Thank you! You've heard my wishes, taking action. This administration is an embarrassment to our Constitution. Standing w/ u!
Thank you, Senator! Keep fighting!
keep the pressure on!  #Trumprussia
Thank you!
Thank you. Please press this issue and also for Sessions to appear again.
Doing what your constituents want you to do. Keep going. #persist
please keep pressing. We need an independent special prosecutor & a bipartisan committee to investigate #trumprussia
Sally Yates should be the special prosecutor!
remember your AG's secret meeting at sky harbor with Bill - while his wife was under FBI inv?  Did unraise concerns?
@IndivisibleEB @YouTube but you didn't call doe Sessions to resign.
IKR!!!
maybe the Russians can pay for our healthcare...focus on real issues...
thank you, thank you, thank you!
Thank you for all of your continued hard work for the American people.
Thank you Senator for doing your job so faithfully. We stand with you in this- please don't give up, we won't.
Doing nothing for California as usual.
thank you!
Not going to happen.
#Trumprussia  THANK YOU! GOPnow aiding and abetting this act of TREASON by trump & team. GOP wants the rewards! GREED
thank you. Keep fighting
You need a special prosecutor to set straight this failed State you've been repping  for too long. CA life sucks!
Thank you, Senator!
Do it!
DON'T LET UP!!! They're counting on that!
Thank you. Please continue to do this.
try doing something for the People that's real and matters i.e., healthcare, privacy, jobs...get a grip!
Thank You .Why are the repulicans stonewalling a special prosecutor
With you 100% Senator Feinstein, God save this country
