your ideals are almost as old as you!  Why don't you try reaching out and working together.  We pay you to work, get to it!
@LibbySchaaf I hope you roll up your sleeves and get busy. The ppl of California want you to work with the POTUS and MAGA
No, they don't. Our representatives will resist the racist, sexist agenda of Trump or will be replaced.
I guess you didn't see the election results on Nov. 8
He lost by almost 3 million votes and now has the lowest approval rating ever! Did you see that?
On Nov. 8 Trump made the earth shake and proved all the experts wrong!!
Agreed. None of which are good things. Support for colluding with the Russians duly noted.
I think your drinking the Kool- Aid.
I know you guys don't like to be corrected by us book learnin' types, but you misspelled "you're". Derp
The most common sense thing I've heard since last night!  Thanks for all you do Senator!  #persist #resist
http://dannysnewsandopinion.blogspot.com/2017/03/despicable-democrats.html …
@SenateDems You and your KKK pals...oops...DEMS, were the most sad thing there. You have finally shown where your loyalty lies
don't know who you are talking about.  The KKK is populated by Republicans.
You know who founded the KKK right? And you know who still controls African Americans right? Dems.
you guys are making me dizzy with all the head shaking comments.
You're obviously ready to follow your leaders off a cliff. Have fun with that. I feel bad for you.
Independent investigation 4 collusion w/ Russians & conflicts of interest, tax returns, conspiracy theories require action now
what?  You need to retire.
Our gov. is a TEAM so be a team player. Each player "executes plays" in their part of the field. SUG: DONT be the 'I' in TEAM.

How shortsighted of you. Not his supporter, but Dems better WAKE UP. #DangerDangerMrBill
We don't take it seriously either. What is the Sen Intel Com doing about the investigation into Trump Russian ties & Sen Burr?
"90% of leadership is the ability to communicate something people want." Trump has. YRU Dems holding up progress? BE A TEAM!

It's difficult to take Democrats seriously!  Your policies have ruined this country!!! #MAGA
I totally agree with you.  Potus is still campaigning,  perhaps he thinks he hasn't won the Presidency yet.
maybe on day he will realize he did not win the vote.
That might happen.
Senator, I'm in California. Please resist Trump at every turn. Vote against his nominees.
ALL Pres. have their unique style. Trump isn't a PURE politician but you EXPECT him to be one. Don't be a thorn!!! GO TRUMP
You should be ashamed of yourself for NOT standing for a fallen hero's wife. Country before party!
Stop criticizing. Work with Republicans to achieve tangible results. People are tired of bickering & nonsense. Serve people!
Especially when he said "Believe in yourself" How dare he tell us what to do #JointAddress #Sarcasm #IdiotDems #MAGA
Maybe you should take him serious. Them maybe democrats could actually work for a living
Winning. Go Potus Still Winning
I wished you had been as observing with Barrack Hussein as you are with a Republican, Donald Trump. You Democrats are losing
so no obstructionism from you?
thank you senator. agree, we learned nothing new from the speech. no specifics, plenty of false facts.be a tough ride
@AgXphoto As your constituent, I am pleading with you to take him seriously and oppose him at every opportunity.
why?
Well Diane you've been in politics soooo long you're hard to take seriously. 100% greed on your part. Ur not serving ur taking
I refresh your website daily, and I have been really heartened by this week's press releases. Thank you for listening!
now you see why Trump got elected! Cuz Americans are tired of the democraps shit! And your part of the problem!
and anything you say no one can take seriously!
well! U and your friends pouted and wouldn't shake hands. U wear white and leave early ! Good lesson for our children!
you are one reason he won!
and you think we take you serious you only wish you could give an intelligent speech you are nothing much then a puppet
we are still faced w/finding out who & why cemeteries vandalized, & Jewish community centres threatened. This is what I know.
thank you. President Bannon/Miller do NOT represent me!
we're coming for you!  #MAGA
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @seanhannity @AnnCoulter Sorry Senator I cannot ever take you seriously.
. U can get some important business done for the people if you swallowed your pride & started working like a  team on the Hill.
Stick to nailing him on the Russiagate election hacking and money laundering connections. Also Robert Mercer's role in cyber.
- how could you tell, seems you might of been distracted by everyone sitting on their hands on your side of the asile 
Oh good grief! You all looked liked school children. And Pelosi looked so screaming Mentally ill!.. Oh my , he sure was good!
coming from someone who should know, right? #MyPresidentHasHeart
@RoseFromPhila Thank you, Senator! 
@LMplusG agreed, his major focus was to solidify his "successful" Yemen disaster.  Prob even put his fans to sleep.
Bo rest for the weary!
Apparently he only knows one speech.
@SenateDems interesting that you can say this yet you voted to confirm his nominees. Your words & deeds don't align either.
We didn't buy it. Glad you didn't either. Keep up the fight.
@SenateDems And using Ryan Owens widow as a prop was absolutely despicable. And knowing the lives lost in Yemen was his fault
ridiculous, were the Muslims & illegal immigrants props for Dems tonight? He enlisted wasn't drafted is a hero & was celebrated
that's all u got. Nothing specific. More partisan bullshit. He was fantastic. You're washed up and senile.
Fight back!  Demand the tax returns.  Start investigations into emoluments clause violations and other graft and corruption.
ugh! You're not even trying to unite our country under our President.  I wish we could impeach you!

You, Senator are the one I have a hard time taking seriously.  Time to retire.
Your rhetoric reveals your preference to Political Drama rather than getting to work to help our State.
He is full of B.S.! Yet Ryan I believe had 1 job b4 he joined Congress might have been 4 his family,  clueless on good wages.
@SenateDems your Tweet IS CAMPAIGN RHETORIC. Leave America.
you'd better take it serious.. most everyone outside of your failing state did. try calling him and talking. It's u, not him
.@SenFeinstein @AhlinHolly 
Why are Democrats not educating people about the #RiskCorridor ?
@SenateDems you mad brah
What about Russia? Do we just move on now?
@AnonyMissBadger So now will you stop trying to work with this madman?
Please stop voting for his nominees. You have the power to send strong statements.
You must've felt right at home then after listening to 8 years of Obama's speeches...(oh..and your own of course)
You need to understand their is no substance behind this YoYo. He thinks he is  on  the apprentice.
@SenateDems  Dian frenkenstein retire and go on your losing way to the La Brea pits (dinosaur) that you are!
your Speaker called it a homerun, lol. Trump is a compulsive liar.
- true but stop voting 'yes' on cabinet picks.#investigatetrump #taxes #ImpeachTrump #EmolumentsClause
get a grip and help the cause....poor loser
It was the same old rhetoric. Big promises with no details, laced with fear mongering against immigrants.
California here. You should listen to our president. Time to get off your ***, and do what you were hired to do.
get a new job
Dianne,the COUNTRY has SPOKEN and you and your PATHETIC DEMOCRATS LOST 
@AnnH1958 it was no more than a racist vision without concrete plans
I ask you as my Senator to listen to ALL your constitutions & help the USA move forward. Please do not hold back the country.
@KaooavopaKatapa platitudes....just billboards...he is a fraud
@ArgoJournal time to unite for the good of the nation. Enough of " re election campaign" rhetoric
impeach and replace
our State, CA is going down the shitter and YOU post this crap. Work with my POTUS or get voted out.
@SenateDems - senator,I suggest you step down. You say this after you refused to stand up/clap, he said, "Put Americans first"
Today I found out that I voted for Hillary Clinton in error. I support our new @POTUS! Democrats were hateful and sore losers.
@cjnapoet you always deliver the stupid. At least you're consistent. Your initials were leaked, on the Weiner list sweetie.
The democrats' behavior was a little more than the usual tantrum and impossible to take seriously.  FIFY.
you communists are going down soon.   Cry baby.
Are you gonna stop voting in his cabinet members?? Deeds not words, please!
Not at all. Were you REALLY listening. Cross the aisle and MAGA!
Coming from someone who voted yes during some of the confirmation hearings who clearly should have voted no.
Really Dianne? California needs desperately to listen to the common sense solutions proposed tonight.
actually we do... That's why we voted for her and that's why we have senators in Congress...
You're an obstructionist. Work with the president or resign. You and the other lifers are part of the problem.
You need your head examined, and voted out of office!
What?  Seemed serious enough for me.
another reason why I respect you.
@SenateDems Why? Because it didn't come out of the mouth of a Demacrap.
You're little more than a flea on the tidal wave of real Hope & Change dearie. Screw off now. #JointSession
Don't people see he is acting-Based on past behavior, he really doesn't believe what he said. Actions speak louder than words.
agreed
spoken like a true global elitist
@SenateDems Says the Senator of a state with a MASSIVE budget shortfall.
Why did you vote in support of Wilbur Ross, @SenFeinstein? #investigatetrump
reality and his speech content rarely meet.
What?  Did you even listen to it?????? LOL
Truth!
impossible to ever take YOU seriously! Get over it!
.@SenFeinstein .@SenateDems What a shame you dems couldn't stand up to the Clinton machine. #DemExit #StillSanders
@luvauntyruth Thank you!
@SenateDems I disagree, it was much more. It was a bunch of lies.
@SenateDems it was over your head
@SenateDems time for you to retire, get out of the way.
I almost never agree with you, almost
Smallness & pettiness of Dem Party was on full display tonight in front of millions of Americans. You are greatly diminished.
I guess you would know, after listening to the last eight years worth of oratory.
It won't be impossible if you let the man do his job rather than harassing him and preventing him from doing it.
Obama got quite a bit done, even with the Republicans blocking him for the entire 8 years!
Agreed. Propaganda of highest proportions.
@SenateDems just please step out of Cali for a few weeks, then make this same statement straightfaced. Go to OH, KY, MO
@SenateDems I think the majority of this country will strongly disagree. #JointAddress
really? Where were the mass rallies yesterday for you Comrade puppet
they were at work.

creepy and scary.

can't argue with crazies. Now I know why you lost
he lost the popular but whatever delusion yellow snowflake
@SenateDems Couldn't stand to listen to the pussy grabber.
delusional, void of reality, look at what he has done so far, a 70 year old man doesn't change
C'mon Diane, you better than most must realize DT has come into his own as @POTUS and it's gotta burn you up
then do something other than complain.  Resign
@SenateDems So Feinstein is against fixing a badly faltering ACA for Americans?
if your not part of the solution, then you're part of the problem, and it's time that "We The People" eliminate the problem!
and that's Putin's puppet tRump
sources told me you're Putin's fuck buddy. If Trump is Putin's puppet, how in the hell did Hillary get so many votes? Lmao
oh look trumpet getting pissy
nope!
@SenateDems the DNC wasn't any better
try to look on the bright side.  At least he's consistent.
start taking him serious and then the American people will start taking you serious too.
did u write this as a draft before the speech?
totally believable that you are from California
Seriously???? You Dems/libs are sooooooo out of touch with reality. And AMERICAN CITIZENS!!!
what have you done?
that speech was the dems worst nightmare
Stop talking and start making this country better. Put aside your party for the greater good.
Nov 6th 2018 California will elect a different #senator mark my words. We will unite to take CA back
Dems looked childish,foolish, racist. Change your diaper & go home. #MAGA 
You Lie!!!
Dems/corrupt media LIE

if you don't then YOU are part of the problem, as usual @POTUS
much like your words, from my stand point. Your old news and impossible to take seriously. Laughable at this point.
"You're" oldest 'stupid troll' mistake in the book.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS Absolutely! This presidential impostor is all talk but no substance because he's beneath the office.
POSTER CHILD FOR TERM LIMITS
he said he is the President of United Statesn not the WORLD! Take that seriously
Huh, xenophobia never works. Learn history.
We must reframe the debate on #ACA from #RepealAndReplace to #Fixandimprove
What have you done to HELP Trump since 1/20/2017 ??
Besides fight his cabinet nominee's ?? 
and that is why you absolutely do not understand what the people want. It was a clear VISION, not a project timeline
like the clear vision on healthcare, or maybe that wall that won't keep people out, or... Clueless...
written before you heard the speech.
I have noticed that the right is getting a bit frantic lately.  Worried?
With you on that one Sen Dianne Feinstein
I didn't even hear it but now I know it must have been real good. Truth hurts.
and you wonder why the democrats and especially liberals lost so many seats. More lose to come for your party.
I totally agree it was indeed that.
Sort of like all of Obama's speeches.
that's all you politicians do anyway
good thing you're retiring.
That Except we have to take it seriously, GOP has majority.
you poor thing, trying to convince yourself of that.
He had writers and proved to us that he can read!
unfortunately you cannot listen. Funny thing is, I didn't see a single TelePrompTer....
LMAO!
Stop voting for his nominees, dammit.
