Do you know if it's possible for anyone outside of Syria to get book donations to this school?
Hi - thanks for that. It's in Mosul in Iraq. I'll try to find out.
Oh yes, just re-read the tweet. Thanks and please let me know as I may be able to do a school project to get book donations.
In West Mosul? In the East they started back in spring I think
There were makeup classes starting in spring. They allowed kids to take exams to re-enter the school years they normally would have been in. Education ministry says yesterday first day of regular classes in east and west in three years. Still a lot to do tho.
May they have bright future. Where the mind is without the fear....
Good to see no niqabs on 5yr olds
Great job to our military people there. God bless all who serve and those who have served !!!!
May All become star of future
That’s awesome!!!

بنوتي
Where can we donate books? How many do they need? Which ones?
Hope the peace prevails. Pray for their well being and safety...
Who can we donate to to get these kids school supplies?
Iraq schools would never have closed but for the Bush invasion over obviously bogus WMD intel which YOUR committee never detected.
Never Forget!!!!!
I would love to contribute too for books... let me know how to
good
thanks to @potus @realDonaldTrump not creators of ISIS @BarackObama @HillaryClinton
Just education can change a life.
Everyone of them is an angel !
Great initiative 
to his Generals. but nope he got rid of all his GOOD GENERALS and kept sycoaphants and he pulled us out. and ISIS WAS BORN!.. all on OBAMA!
Look at all the girls!!! This is AWESOME!!!
The future of Iraq, hopefully not too scarred by the past.
I can't tell you how much this warned my heart
Thank you President Trump
They're cute! School going kids! Innocence and happiness on their faces!
is there a way for us to help them get books?
god with you kids and people from las vegas
ALL THANKS TO PRESIDENT TRUMP! JUst think how many more children there would be who had not been slaughtered by ISIS if Obama has listened
"Fake INTEL" knows neither problem (dajjal, serpent) nor solution (#messiah) to terror; help me tell @SpeakerRyan: INRI FAIR RETRIAL NOW.
And if Diane had her way, troops would be gone an no girl would ever go to school. They'd be slaves.
Send them some of those Dr. Seuss books that the librarian didn't have a use for.
Anything we can do to help?
I want to hug them all!
Wow.... Great news....My Prayer's with them....
Thanking God! Thanks for Sharing the news
Look how cute they all are.
Love that little spitfire in the front center! She looks like she has no time for bs, let's get some real work done!
Very well dressed kids
Best wish for bright and educated future this children
Hope for best
Life 
A Happy Re-start
Congratulations, Peace prevailed everywhere
So nice to see these young kids with full of enthusiasm!
हे ईश्वर ये बच्चे तेरा ही तो रूप है इन्हें आतंकवाद का मतलब भी नही पता कुछ ऐसा करिश्मा कर की कम से कम ये अच्छे से पढ़ लिख सके 
glad to see them is school ,hope it will contn in #mosul,peace is coming after a long battle against monsters ,litreacy always bring magic
Its my pleasure If I can meet this angels and help them by giving books or through http://money.Love  u kids
Every angel in this class  had never loose hope nd smile on their face shows bravery we bless this angels nd good luck 4 der bright future.
Best of luck
This shows how brave is our childrens.Coming out from a war condition is proof of their braveness as well as their interest in studies.
this is lovely 
Fantastic news.
Lost for words...a wonderful photo!
angels
Great news ! 
The US is awash in books, in English. Thrift stores won't take them around here. It's there a use for them?
Con
Sweet kids, after everything they have endured I wish a lifetime of peace & happiness
But against Sharia Law to educate girls there?
I wasn’t aware of the children retuning to school in Mosul, thank you! That will be a wonderful thing  if they are able to continue.
Go be awesome, kiddos.
Happy to learn about it. Thanks.
How can we help donation-wise?
You notice in places were school is a gift its not only wanted but appreciated ?
The work @BldgTomorrow proves this. Good take sir!
Precious cargo indeed
How can books be donated?
The things in life we take for granted.  Thanks for sharing.
Look at all these beautiful personalities just popping out of these beautiful children.
Thank you for sharing, this is heartwarming
Where can I send funds for books or any other item needed to help these kids?
Wishing you a great and liberating year, Ladies!
@NPR any way to donate books?
Anyway we can help send books?

ما شاء الله ربنا يحفظهن
Good Luck and I hope happy years for U all 
and in our country in the name of diversity and tolerance these girls would be wearing burqas
That's wonderful to see.
Try UNWRA
How lovely to see something positive happening there.
Alhamdulillah
So cute. Shubhaan Allah God bless dem
How can I donate £ or books/ 
Materials etc?
that's great news
Sounds extremely naive and stupid to ask casually but can you recommend some ways to reach out and help the kids? Thanks
Hi can u help me I am looking for a job in your organization
God bless.
Makes me want to cry thinking about what those precious little lives have gone through;God bless them and give them hope+a future
How do we get them books?
Beautiful girls!
any way to donate to these schools in mosul?
Priceless!!!

It’s really heartening to see the spring has bloomed...
Mosul needs reconstruction, it's devastating. I hope the world will help us build it. #mosul
So happy 
@NchauhanTOI MOSUL should make GURUKUL like ARYAN to start education system without books
@NchauhanTOI It is need of present time to estsblish other language books to modernize &develope Nation other than ARABIC & URDU
Precious children ...
Would like to give some books, pencils to these angels. Is there any group in Dubai whom I can approach ?
Bless them. Such lovely smiles.
It's so nice to see kids in school dress, smiling. May this stays forever

They could, should, and hopefully will, be telling their stories into the 22nd Century; the undeniable story of our time. Can we be proud?
The glowing faces of kids is so delightful to the eyes.
The little 'un in the second row (extreme left) looks like a mini Mr. Bean! Hahaha... jokes aside, it is very heartening to see these kids where they should be - enjoying (and despising!) a normal childhood! I hope that the calm continues!
How can we raise funds for, or get books to them?
Single good cause in right direction can benefit millions  
God bless the children...
Other nations children should donate books to them.
I pray for a better future for these little cutenesses 
Such a beautiful tweet this 
教育の再開良いですね。
知は力なり。
イスラム国だから男女共学でなく、男女別々の教育ですね。
All the best Jane, India has huge heart, 56 inch seena PM, some really good NGOs like Goonj. Call for help. Required stuff will reach you.
Some good news on an otherwise grim morning.
What a happy sight! Go have some fun kids 
:')
Great to see full house of angels.
Aaaww shucks, I would have been so pissed
This is such a cute photo.
My love is with you all...
In some yrs there govt will say ..Educated girls r haram..Nd without Veil double haram
They should be safe always...
Good morning

Fun fact girls of Muslim faith are covered in Germany by this age...
Brings to mind pictures of Iranian women in the seventies versus how they are required to dress today.
Actually, they need paper and pens and crayons first of all. Blackboard enough to learn to read, write, do maths
They need Arabic books however.
We need to get these kids some electricity and ipads in their schools! Let's make this happen! @Apple
You want to organise books to be sent?
How can we send books?
Paper, pens, crayons most of all needed for this age group I would think
K, how can we send those?
try @mosuleye
Delightful! These kids look like they've been scrubbed 3x and their clothes ironed with them in them!
How nice 
Beautiful. Hope they will paint walls soon with cartoon picture, the kids need more of it to counter the effects of bombs. Thank4sharing
This is great news! 
Such sweet & hopeful faces. Praying for peace that will allow these children to fulfill that hope.
The pro-iranian media trying its best to prove that post #Isis era is the golden age while the city of #Mosul demolished and 45000 killed.
I pray that their biggest problem is chewing gum and hair pulling...
Omg how much I love this photo 
Obviously you're not from Mosul , and a pro-Iranian militias as well. #Mosul now infested with #Imis. Iranian militia in #Iraq & #Syria
God bless and protect our future.
Look at how cute they all are - So excited!  God Bless.

Aww these girls are beautiful. Hope they will be given the tools to become smart, successful women. 
cutest ever.
This is great news.
i wanna go there to Teach Those beautifull Children right now What ever the cost
So with any luck, maybe the syrian body builders, who are claiming asylum or refugee status,can just pick up their belongings and leave now.
Different countries... Mosul is in Iraq.
congratulatolions
This is great!
Creepy Librarian In Boston Who Declined The Gift of Books via #FLOTUS Should Send A Treasure Trough of Books To Mosul...Least She Could Do!
This makes me so happy!! Is there any way I can donate money to buy books/school supplies for these kids?
How/where can we donate to get books to those amazing children?
Good luck to these beautiful girls for the future 
It is so heartbreaking looking at the pics. These children deserves a better life and future just like everyone.
I'm sure @jk_rowling can send some books for the kids.
A  great news
I'm delighted to see all these girls in the classroom. 
Good luck to them.
She looks thrilled
I am swooning.  Go girls.
I would love to send some books to these cuties. Do you know any organizations collecting?
I know @MosulEye was taking book donations for Mosul's libraries. May know groups taking donations for schools.
Thank you!
