"This has nothing 2 do w/ environmental protection. Its an economy summit to distribute the world's resources"-Edenhofer IPCC
- POTUS absolutely MUST NOT attend!!
Actually, it represents a complete failure on the part of Congress to address issues via legislation & not deference to executive authority
At stake for what? Chicken Little prognostications like Global cooling in 1977? Always a scam and fear mongering.
Not according to renowned scientists in their field.    MSM is not a scientist.
That is false.  Planetary & climate scientists agree that we must urgently address global warming.  Anyone who says differently is lying.
Do not perpetuate dangerously wrong disinformation about the last 200 years of climate science.
I write this as a planetary scientist, although my own work focuses on places that are not the Earth.
Illustration of universal consensus about global warming / climate change among scientists over the past 25 years: http://journals.sagepub.com/doi/pdf/10.1177/0270467617707079 … .
Consensus on basic climate physics for ~200 years; consensus on human impacts on climate for >60; consensus on needed interventions for >25.
The basic physics of global warming was first demonstrated by Fourier in 1824, and can be verified in any high-school science lab.
The infrared absorption properties of CO2, which are driving the current human-caused warming, were first measured by Foote in 1856.
Climate change is Bullshit
I live in NL on "iceberg alley" and I literally see the North Pole floating away more every year
BS
come see for yourself before judging. Bigger icebergs yearly, and earlier every year too!
Your hairy legs shouldn't be on the table either, go away socialist.
You are destroying our country by allowing a fake Russian conspiracy theory to continue.
"The planet is fine. The people are fucked."

-George Carlin. 

Let's not bring this quote to life. 
Thank you Senator for speaking out about this important issue.  Our planet is in peril.  #IndivisibleSF
Hillary lost, yeeehaw!!
Yes
The only reason trump wants to withdraw from #ParisAgreement is because it was signed by #Obama. His jealousy is destroying our country.
The pot calling the kettle black 
Senator, you are 100% wrong. Absolutely NO link/evidence of CO2 causing GW. Trump did exactly right thing, follow true science
@SenFeinstein FYI you, nor anybody else on the earth controls the future of this planet. Only God. #truthhurts
Why is this up to one person? Can congress pass bill insisting we join?
Climate change is 99% fundraising
wasted dollars ! We should have never been in such an agreement to make AL Gore a billionaire!
our country is in worse shape because of the despicable hate spewing within....worse then a volcano.
Well if you guys will move to IMPEACH, problem solved!

If brains were gunpowder...
Biggest gov story of our time & total msm blackout. http://circa.com/politics/barack-obamas-team-secretly-disclosed-years-of-illegal-nsa-searches-spying-on-americans … link to Ct docs in article. U don't need 2 b told what to think
the same table obama brought it to for ratification?  did u bike to work today?  Hypocritical much?  Just provided 2 examples
I disagree with your position sen-Feinstein. You should read and understand the accord before you comment.
Egan, no! The question shouldn't even be raised. '''Tis not anything we can hide from.
How can you live so long and know so little? Man made climate. How arrogant. It's all about money. Intelligence and you is an oxymoron.
Withdrawing from the Paris Agreement is a disaster. What are we going to do about it?
#GeneralStrike
It should and it is.
As one of your constituents, thank you!
@PDFGirl Trump & the @GOP will gladly destroy the planet if it makes them rich.
#GOPKills
Why?  We joined but never committed to anything.  
Not all in.....why not all out?
Get him out!!
Senator, you guys need to get your act together. Do not let this happen!
Shouldn't even be on whose table?
Do something DRASTIC about this!! THIS IS NOT OKAY. An unfit lunatic should not be in control of our lives.
So why didn't you insist Obama take it to the Senate?
A better furure is coming when we do withdraw from Paris Climate agreement.  It hurts Americans and is just more government control.
No, not if we had anything but a second grade bully in charge.
Our president doesn't even know there is a table.
Absolutely. We count on you to fight for climate protections. Keep at it.
Tell that to trump
Huh? Guess you missed the part where China does nothing. And you also missed the stellar progress US has made over the past decade. DF lib
Good riddance #ParisAgreement

Major defeat for your lefty globalist agenda.

HOOAH!
Climate change is a fallacy. I'm wondering, do you also believe the earth is flat?
Another perspective: Is DJT compromised? Putin/Russia Wins in a Retreat on Climate Change -
Pls tell us how increased taxation will stop the planet from doing what it wants to do?

#TermLimits
#savescience #save the earth, #cleanair #ParisAgreement
Hahahahahaha!
When you have to skew the data to prove your point, it's not science. You should resign!
No, it's not but the destruction of CA by Democrats continues
You should NOT be in office . Demented
It should have been a treaty then.
We should be funding our rainforest!
#Trump & co-nepotism presidency Jared #Kushner & #Ivanka put MONEYbefore our planet& children's future survival! cc:@SenBookerOffice @DNC
But you wanted corrupt Hillary? and the Clinton Foundation?
@realDonaldTrump is mentally ill. He feels slighted so he reacts like the petulant child he is.
And now Trump will build a wall against climate change?
It shouldn't even be his decision. This is bigger than one man's misguided belief. Isn't this was Congress was meant for? #ParisAgreement
These people wanting to run it are the same people who approve Olympic game venues, run major soccer games, etc... I would say NO too!
Go as Bill Nye isnt he a Scientist?
Send billions of $ to lower the earths temp by .003° in 100 years. Not worth it. Sorrry liberal crybabies.
DT taking The American People down a very bad bumpy road.  Can we hold it together down path of distruction!
Talk about what the smart plan is, and how Democrats support it. Healthy vibrant future for our grandchildren. Jobs. Education. Environment
The only climate change currently happening is in your small dysfunctional  brain   you need to be admitted along side with Pelosi.
Well Diane, quite frankly there is some other really bad stuff happening too - What, if anything, is being done to try to save the country?!
So it's ok for the U.S. - YOUR COUNTRY- to be screwed economically- while India and China keep on polluting at will? Grow up- we need jobs.
That's not as IMPORTANT 2 American ppl as your support & position on #MedicareForAll!  So please, what's your position on #Medicare4All?
Oh, please. Alaska volcano just blew tons of rock & dirt 30,000 feet in to atmosphere. Who is in charge of volcano? Who allowed/caused this?
Agreed
You should be in a nursing home... oh wait...
Trump wants rest of world to prosper in the future manufacturing Green Technology while America disintegrates.
It is a stronghold debilitating our economy.All leads back 2 globalist elites getting rich.Not th answer. @POTUS will lose his base if stays
Yes it should! Climate change is a hoax! You are a charleton...
But it is....along with other devastating decisions..... you are watching this happen and we are watching you
neither should all the wasted money but that doesn't seem to bother you
Why not? Why shouldn't we be allowed to address this issues based on our own countries needs? Makes sense, must be why you're against it.
As a constituent I agree and hope that the small % of people who deny climate change are in power with Trump. Do you know it's only 10.%
Carbon dioxide is a vital part of Earth's natural life cycle. Without it, there wouldn't be any plant life.
Trump wants: Empower haters,ruin Earth,cut health care,education&human aid,disgrace women,ignore science, wall off America,make rich richer
What exactly is the #ParisAgreement??
Go back to the drought then to save planet
Block at all costs. Save US!
The table's floating away.
Call Senator Dianne Feinstein, Phone  (415) 393-0707
REGISTER YOUR COMPLAINT - #KathyGriffinHateCrime 
Office will only ask for Zip Code
sure it is! Theirs not even emissions testing in all states so how serious are you? What results has the G7 shown?
@sogeshirts these losers must have some kind of space station already b/c they're hell bent on destroying our 
They probably do. Can they just leave now so we can save Earth while they destroy the space station?
She is nuts
Where is the outrage in congress about THIS http://circa.com/politics/barack-obamas-team-secretly-disclosed-years-of-illegal-nsa-searches-spying-on-americans … ur own intel committee was spied on!
Have you opened yourself an account to trade the carbon credit swap Ponzi scheme yet? For crying out loud haven't you elites stolen enough?
b.s. a scheme making some people rich. like most govt programs do. like the smog Checks here in Calif.  rip off.
The why has earth's temperature increased ONLY 1.53 degrees F since 1880?
Really stupid
you Feinstein.
Nothing republicans do should ever be on the table
Trump must be impeached quickly!
Please. I lived in DC during Nixon & 45 is infinitely more dangerous. He has Narcissistic Personality Disorder w/paranoid ideation. Impeach!
I was in D.C. then too. Did legal clean up on Watergate. I don't think most really understand it, the covert cover-up or aftermath in D.C.
It's all bullshit and you know it is -- run the numbers --- hundreds of trillions of dollars for .003° yr 2100 -- some of you are really ...
This nonsense has been debunked.
Climate change is real and has been since the beginning.
We didn't cause it them, or now.
It's the sun.
Trump MUST stand w the #ParisAgreement

-WH cabinet advisors who'll help him decide this week. Contacts & scripts⇒https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gU8gJYPZET9Tu4w9-WVaupBJE-VM4U42ptvNYbgDa6A/copy?usp=sharing …
I'm not for spending trillions to reduce global temp .000003 degrees.
Pres Dum Dum dangling it like a petulant little boy, look what I have, na na na na....
Trump is running roughshod over the United States and the entire free world. We can't really be surprised anymore at what he is doing
Another snowflake.  I wish you people would take your tears and your fake Obama bullcrap and go away.  Your rhetoric is old.
@SenFeinstein - what will it take to remove him from office before the damage (on all levels) is irreversible?! Please act now!
It's important for the US to stay committed to the Paris Climate agreement. #persist
Why? It's allbullshit
STT
You are a fool and they know you are fool and all they want is your money...
Why is it
What have you got to say on the roll back of civil rights?
Now the coldest millennium in 8,000 years https://www.iceagenow.info/now-coldest-millennium-8000-years/ … …
You're right. And withdrawal may lead to ICC indictment for crimes against humanity
In what world do you live? Indictment by whom?  He can withdraw us from that bullshit deal if he wants. India & China get passes to pollute
The cleanest business is less regulation and competitive free markets
Agreed, but look at EPA secretary, he shouldn't be representing EPA but he is, I would be shocked if he doesn't pull out of the deal
Acknowledged: TRUTH Sen. Dianne Feinstein of S.F. California, being after the Memorial Day Weekend; Monday the Holiday Observed
It would not have been on the table if Obama admin had negotiated a fair deal and had the Senate confirm. He did neither
The Paris Agreement follows the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change. The Senate confirmed that in 1992.

Stop perpetuating falsehoods.
Falsehoods? Did I miss Senate confirmation of the Paris "treaty"?
AGW science is junk science. Staying with the agreement will cost the US jobs, and money, while changing little.
Neither should any other form of healthcare system #singlepayer is not "government takeover"
It's a poor agreement that Kerry grabbed his ankles for just to have his name on it.
