@SenFeinstein @SenKamalaHarris 
Plase get this POTUS out of office he is making grave decision that are going to destroy so many things
not true back in the beginning immigrants had to know english and have job and money.It's not keeping people out.No more welfare


Yes illegal immigrants out but welcome legal immigrants 
James Connolly was a good republican! Tiocfaidh ar la
Reallyafter having you maybe it would have been better to turn your parents away shit to bad abortion was not legal then sure they wouldhave
Americans want immigrants to come here legally, just as it's always been until the Dems let just anyone in which has been dangerous!!
Allowing illegals is part of our values?
As well it should. Illegal immigration is destroying the country on many levels. Legal & assimilate or stay where they're at.
DF is a Bozo.
US MUST eliminate illegal immigration by enforcing laws against it while limiting legal immigration to those whose skills will fit&benefit.
Hire American.
Thank you Senator Feinstein for standing up to our President.  I'm pleased to see that other senators are also in your camp.  @hpyblubrd
Trump's immigration policy is genius we're going to have contributing immigrants from the start not welfare immigrants that vote for Dems
Yes, keep ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS out!!
You obviously do not see or care what these refugees are doing? WAKE UP FEINSTEIN
No it outright cuts the Number of Immigrants in 1/2 - 1 Million to 500,000 & protects the American Worker from being Replaced by Cheap Labor
Nooooooo that's very misleading madam. You should correct this erroneous statement immediately.
Hello San please pay attention to what I have to tell you someone trying to kidnap you on the 12th of October 2017 so please get in touch or
It's not "veiled" at all. It's a clear, concise policy to exact real reform that makes immigration an asset instead of a liability.
Just like Democrats support of mass & ILLEGAL immigration is thinly veiled attempt to grow Democratic Voters becuz Americans r sick of Dems!
Pro open borders/sanctuary cities means your pro Cartels, criminals, drug trafficking, child trafficking, and prostitution!
President Trump is putting Mexico on notice to take care of their own! When did the US become Mexico caretaker !?!
Too bad they can't deport you!
They can come here legally. Cut crime cut down number of illegals.
What exactly is wrong about asking that they can speak English and be able to pay their own way?
not true this is what the immigrants had when they first came to our country did you http://forget.Jobs  and money.51 percent on welfare
Yes they stay out until borders are secured and Folks are Vetted.  Ca. Folks voted you in, why I shall never know. Pantsuit Abuse
Are you still four SOPA & PIPA?
Ok sounds good to me. Let's keep all illegals out, deport the one that are here and reduce the limit on legal immigration
To keep unskilled, unemployed, illiterate, immigrants out
You are pretty smart for an 80 year old. Yes we do not anymore illegals coming in to this country. They come the right way or not at all.
The only way you can get reelected is to prey upon the uninformed illegals you so wish to protect
It's to keep immigrants out that become dependent on welfare and other programs "ma'am "
The effect of their tough on immigration policy is already being felt. $10 oranges?
Trump And Friends Are not doing anything about it North Korea will definitely all be Killed by Nuclear Attack
It should've been done sooner!
Ur gettin so old that Alex Trebek can't even offer you life insurance anymore #retire
Deedee, The goal is to make sure legal immigrants don't become a burden to taxpayers. Very sound policy
Just trying to keep your voters at Bay so you can go home!
We should just build the wall on the Ca / Az border.  #calexit #nazifornia #throwthemoutofamerica
And We The People are hoping they do keep them out. We're tired of supporting the whole world. You're killing the American working man.
keep illegals out. your not a immigrant unless you come to usa legally
Your actions @SenFeinstein  are thinly veiled treason.  Why wouldn't we want the best people first? #maga #trump2020
Can Congress please take a break from business as usual and deal with the fact that DT has become dangerous?#25thAmendmentNow #Impeach45
A swamper
That's it girl tow the Dem line... After all you would have a hard time being elected without "illegal aliens" vetoing in Cal. 
.@SenFeinstein @FortuneMagazine It's what the people want.
Stop lying,all we want is the law up held.we are all decendents of immigrants.come legal or not at all.
Tired of Cali.. shouldn't it be in ocean by now? Mabe Korea can shut them up. Hillary for prison
Better than the no attempt at all from the democrats !!!

https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.cnn.com/cnn/2017/04/11/politics/trump-immigration-advisers-hate-groups/index.html …
... it has a veil? I thought keeping immigrants out was the declared intention.
This is what NO VETTING dose, jumping fences & digging tunnels come on, uphold immigration laws justice is blind, no person feelings allowed
You must mean the brown people out.

Cool, cut out welfare and all Americans can get jobs and pay taxes. Then we can let more in after our people are working
Oh come on people, if you want to play that card, let's give Texas back to Mexico & surrender the U.S. Back to the American native Indians
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP @Heritage . the RAISE ACT is the lowest form of discrimination that this president ever proposed. VETO and TRASH
Dianne, you should be more grateful that wise President Trump is ending the hateful crime of illegal immigration. #MAGA

If that rule was in place, my great-grandparents would've died in the pogroms or Shoa and never would've served this country in both w-wars
#25thamendment time, you know it is...
Calif. needs a "guest worker" program.  Let's make it so.
But they can work w/fed to do so.  Calif. needs field workers who typically come from Mexico.  MAGA probably doesn't include $15/pound corn.
And we wouldn't be stuck with Trump if his grandfather would have stayed home in Germany too.
No, Trump's use slave labor overseas where they have their products made. Put them on the top of the sick list.
He'll change it for everyone but them. I'm not the one that applied for immigrants to work at my golf club.
My only complaint is the fact his family migrated here to live the American dream but he wants to keep others from it.
