what kind of barriers , like protecting taxpayers hard earned money from being used to subsidize the solar companies until they go brankrupt
With respect...  Have you seen Charlottesville?  Have you heard Mr. Stupid on Korea/Venezuela?  Stop fiddling while America burns Senator
That's a very small percentage
Not the time to talk jobs! There's a lunatic in the white house more dangerous than any other person on the planet ready to launch nukes!
Lol. Because ODumbass and both Bush's let the situation get to this point.
All Dems WILL BE VOTED OUT..You'll see..We the True American ppl Will See to that..You Will ALL be Voted Out!!!
Dems ARE DONE. .Party in Demise. .falling apart like OBummer Care..Dems WILL NEVER WIN AGAIN. .We the True American ppl..Will see to that!!
Lying SwineStein...belongs in a Nrsg Hm..NOT in Politics..Shes 1 of the many reasons Dems ARE DONE..Party falling apart like Obummer Care
Anyone think of the toxic waste created when after 20 years you have to replace them? I don't think democrats attention span can go that far
 lengths the current administration has gone to revive dying industries like coal/fracking, oil, no foresight- just greed. @SenFeinstein
Too bad @realDonaldTrump realdona too dumb to know this. He gets confused and thinks it's coal doing all the hiring.
Because solar and wind power is a negative producer of electricity? Go get the facts first.
Why don't you twee how trump created 21,000 jobs in July alone why don't you not put any barriers on that growth
@RichardEngel special on China was on much more - must watch. In sync w/your tweet on solar.
Where is your statement in #charlottesville ? What the fuck is wrong with you?
Just B...sh....
Takes five times as many people as it does in coal or natural gas elec production.. not good!
@SenFeinstein who composed these comments?  With all due respect, your words (if they really are yours) are meaningless. We need ACTION!
America is behind the times!! Look ahead, not back!
Solar power generation via "the wall!" More job oops and border protection at the same time! Awesome!
do away with the subsidies
But that means no one can work for 8-10 hours a day
Then why not look for more ways to encourage direct manufacturing here In The US.  Then tariffs would not be an issue.
Good idea.  We should make the wall one big solar energy producer.
Diane- watching tv this morning - see neon Nazi in WV attacking church members- outrageous!!! Tell WH we are MAD AS HELL- not gonna take it
I have solar on my house Feinstein do you?
The solar industry is propped up by our tax dollars. It is losing money daily. Keep burning coal until the industry becomes cost effective
They were all funded by the government not by sales.
You mean like what democrats did to multiple industries
Then u guys have to stop taking money from oiled interests including fracking
Are we talking about the Obama/democratic solar company like failed "solyndra" cost the taxpayers $535 million...that was a winner,Dianne!
Great. Coal 35,000 job loss. Retail 100,000 job loss........new energy 1 in 50 new jobs.
That is kind of hard when trump&co are still preaching coal!! What should we do about that Senator?
Solar industry that U poured B of $ into the pockets of your friends who r now bankrupt & out of business ?  -Solyndra jobs& the 535M$?the $
Tell us about Solyndra
Suck up that sunlight so it stops dessicating our glorious isopod citizens
That statistic tells me not enough jobs were created in 2016.
Not coal @realDonaldTrump
We can pay some people to dig holes and others to fill them up...dosent create actual value like business response to market demand does.
Let's stop the subsidies as well then!
Any one consider how much fresh water solar farms consume? Panels must be cleaned daily for peak power.
That's wonderful!? 2% of new jobs? How about supporting the OTHER 98%? We need mechanics, lab techs, carpenters, plumbers, police, etc.!
While China controls the rare earth market and manipulates solar panel prices. While Obama's solar jobs cost taxpayer's $1million apiece.
What growth? Didn't all those companies go bankrupt? Solyndra?
This kind of nonsense has got to stop. 
Americans are tired of having the SHORT end of the stick. Either get with it OR get out.
not true most solar companies went bankrupt in this country and Hawaii.They charged a high monthly fee more then your electric bill
California just has to take lead and protect our economy
Calif Needs to get out of the Union. Let's give it back to Mexico. Most of America would be in favor. Goodluck with NK.
lol Mexico would then be the fifth largest economy in the world! Ignorance is not becoming!
No barriers and no special treatment.  All business should stand on their own merits.
Erect a solar Border Wall!!!!!
INSTALLING CHINESE PRODUCT THAT WAS MADE WITH US TECHNOLOGY PATENTS THAT HAVE EXPIRED GREAT WORK HONEY
translation: please don't end the wasteful gov't subsidies propping up the solar industry in my state
Every job in the Solar industry is subsidized by the contributing Americans
T.G.I.F.  Sen. Dianne Feinstein of S.F. California
Let's not pick winners or losers anymore your not good at it. Remember solindra. Congress stuck taxpayer for hundreds of millions. Term lim.
CONTINUE COMEX RIGGING of silver prices lower, for cheaper solar panels. 
Lets do this the old CRONY way, and subvert law for cheap solar!!
Thank you Obama
No 1 wants barriers 2 any thatdemands, especially 4 most productive, effective, & less costly needs like oil, gas, & coal #FreeMarketWorks
you know what you can do with that....ride it to term-limits
And internal combustion engines are likely on their way out faster than we are anticipating 
Thankfully there are plans to incorporate solar panels into the wall.
Nuclear winter's gunna really screw that up ...
Yeah it's Russia though!
The market decides where the economy goes. if people demand solar, we get solar... We still need oil though

