So states would have to make up the so-called "reduction in growth rate." Have any states successfully reformed medicaid as we know it?
I heard that Rhode Island may have done something good... not saying it's the answer - but could we look for a model that's been successful?
I think 1 big problem Repubs might have with ACA, will still b known as Obamacare. While the Repubs created that name, it now eats at them.
Once the bank is broke, states will start cutting optional programs that keep kids like mine alive. I explain in this clip #BCRA IS CRUEL
Let the states manage there own money.. what is the problem?
I consider the post by you, @KenPettigrew, incorrect; it should say “manage [their] own money” instead.
Yes.. *their #thanks
https://twitter.com/NathanLerner/status/880218312713621504 … he has no right 2 hv ppl's info designed to intimidate harass prevent voting
Trump's Election Integrity Commission SHOULD investigate Russia hack
INSTEAD researching 3 million illegal votes lie http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/president-trump-expected-launch-commission-election-integrity/story?id=47337222 …
Stop the Medicaid fraud and abuse and you'll find the money to cover it
LOUDER, more details, explain the tax cuts in the bill in detail, people want to know, need to know before it's too late. #AHCAisIMMORAL
But forcing tax payers to pay for inmates to get gender reassignment surgery is okay and sanctuary cities. Use that $$$
CA has already broke the bank & Dems are running it...sorry but you have failed this Californian.
You should support Medicare for all
Take the greed $$$ out of healthcare!  go single payer for all.
Thank you for continuing to fight. 80% of Americans are with you on this!
Just like they were with her huh?
@wjcoop And you want to bankrupt the federal government.
Offer tax incentives for employment for sustaining employee's. Make insurance companies provide affordable insurance with incentives
Get a handle on Medicad  fraud. There is so much of Medicaid fraud. Devise a program to help those who are able to work get off Medicaid.
Hi, as a taxpayer&citizen instead of compliaing why not publically offer ur willingness 2 work with the President .Put politics aside .Thx
Typical,  after calif Dems & U have spent all taxpayer $$ on special interest groups & paying for ILLEGAL immigrant legal fees u want fed $$
Healthcare Hunger Games
Congressional @GOP wants to pass the buck to the states; the state Republicans want to pass the buck to the Govt; designing gift to fail.
Thank you for you fight to stop the mean Senate bill.  Let the Senate know that we will not forget who votes for this
Thank you for keeping focus on the needs of real Americans!
@realDonaldTrump @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan Healthcare-Cut Federal Budget & Taxes on Top 1%.  Let States raise Taxes on poor & middle class.
Obamacare was forced.  You didn't say one word on that.
The Dems gave too much away and were closing in on Socialism. Unsustainable and now you want to criticize the GOP trying to be realistic?
Your endless talk about Medicaid is annoying; what is your solution to high Obamacare premiums? Subsidies for middle-class=bandaid
I thought states were primary on Medicaid. Why should it change?
Citizens of Nebraska should not have to pay for the illegals in .CA.
Senator we are doing our best but you must stop him/them
As a US citizen I stand with you, senator.
MEDICARE FOR ALL MUST BE SUPPORTED & ADVANCED BY ALL DEMOCRATS IN CONGRESS! Be strong, stand up, FIGHT BACK with MEDICARE FOR ALL! @MoveOn
More Rat-Publican motivation, GREED, GREED,GREED, GREED, GREED, GREED, GREED, GREED, GREED, GREED, GREED, GREED, GREED, GREED, GREED,  etc.
Doesn't matter if fed or state pays for stupid socialist healthcare - IT'S ALL TAXPAYER MONEY
Ah..just keep obummercare
I hope Trump is successful,good will defeat evil
They are trying to create a financial disaster to inflict austerity on the working clsss.
Breaking the bank is your SF sanctuary city harboring illegal "criminal" immigrants... Dianne !
You must be defeated
Medicaid is broken & must be fixed. It can't be sustained as it is.
I agree kill Obama care allow across state lines and the uninsrable all the states to put the on medical are some version of that
@RescuesValues
#releasethetaxes
Please continue to fight this bill hard Senator!
Let's see, My cars been fit 2x, I've been posioned, I'm being stalked by 3 thugs at a time; my friends are terrified!
California needs to turn it's back on the Feds, stop sending them our $, and enact single payer for ourselves.
Thank you @Senator Feinstein, please continue to fight for us. We need to fix the ACA not repeal and replace with Trumpcare or AHCA.
Yes, please do everything you can to defeat this bill. Seek out those very few GOP who may be open to work with Dems for bipartisan solution
Um, I'm no politician, but isn't Medicaid a state program, anyway?
Tennessee tried that with Tenncare, had to take many people off cause they couldn't afford it anymore.
This are critical days for USA citizen to stand up & make their voices heard. Ppl of Midwest, do u realize GOP bankrupts
u? Apparently, not.
Mid-Westerners!, Rat-publicans Own the CORPORATE FARMS putt'g U out of business. Also, FEED SUPPLIERS, & THE REGULATORS!! WAKE UP!!!
Oh Diane, we are all too busy trying to find pics of Mika around NYE to worry about HC!
It might force States like yours to limit illegals.
Which proves that the R's don't give a rat's ass about We The People.
Why do we need Medicaid if you have ACA or AHCA?
Anything better than obamcare
If passed would give the democrats the 2018 elections and bring back our rule. Loss of health care is a big deal
We are trillions in debt.
@pattirmuller VOTE AGAINST THIS HATEFUL TAX CUT BILL FOR THE RICH AND WELL OFF????
If disabled & elderly lose Medicaid=lose ALL home healthcare aides & nurses PLUS nursing home coverage.Private insur don't cover any of that
Trump is unfit for office as illustrated by todays tweet storm. Enact the 25th Amendment now and restore sanity to the country.
note the states rep by Senators most virulently opposed to #ACA, their states-hv didn't do #Medicaidexpansion
NO CUTS in Medicaid, just slowing down growth. Same OLD Dem talking pts & LIES. It's Y U lose elections.voted 4 REPEAL & u can't stop it
California is a donor state. It pays a lot more to the federal government than it gets back. Shhh. You should thank them for paying YOU.
No smack. It's true. California is 42nd taker of Fed $ Texas 35th. Google it. State of CA has the 6th largest economy in the WORLD.
All of us in Illinois know that we are already broke!
Y'all got $ 4 statues n stars but not health care ?
Stop your ranting rhetoric. U are a parrot.  Give us original thought. Give us VALID examples. Ur approach is for the school yard not here.
