We're tired of Paying for Sanctuary Refugee and Illegal SCAM$ Feinstein.  Get it through your head Feinstien.  ACA SCREWED US FEINSTEIN.
You've been schooled... Support Medicare for all or you can just go away because we aren't taking no for an answer!.
@foundin77 instead of nursing homes lying on streets like India
how about that single payer
no-one? weird
Hmmm. Overstating a bit, Senator? Why don't you and the rest of Congress use the same healthcare as we do? #Hippocrate
because that might be NO HEALTH CARE
BUT RICH GOT 20%CUT IN TAXES!!!!!
What is wrong with the Republicans? I'm talking about us human beings? This is unfathomable
More than that it is #hybridwar
Ask @MalcolmNance. Russia is behind all the heinous policies Trump is launching like missiles against the USA https://twitter.com/damejemarshall/status/861254691568492544 …
the states can never cover it
If You really believe that your an idiot ,Impeach Feinstein
Most Medicaid recipients R in Nursing homes&skilled facilities!Repubs want to put them in the streets? Disgusting!
I sincerely hope the Senate uses more discretion with this bill and fails it or fixes it!
GOP needs to accept that they have become the SOB
American people need to hit the streets and demand single payer like all the other industrialized countries, enough of Congress BS
Not all other industrial countries have single payer.  The majority have either a 2 tier or insurance mandated model of universal healthcare
Continuing to misstate the facts to push an agenda makes your agenda weaker and less likely to be taken seriously.  Fight with facts.
I'm for any model of universal healthcare, it doesn't have to be only one specific version.  As little no as we can get every citizen
covered, it doesn't matter what model we end up having.  That is the main goal.
it does nothing to medical and you know it.We have heard the lies from the democrats and it's making more people change to republicans
It's an attack on your pathetic healthcare bill that cost us all a fortune! @TuckerCarlson @seanhannity
I am a 64yr old retired senior that will lose coverage.
Public debt does not work the same way as private debt.  Austerity makes public debt larger by shrinking the economy.
and we can help it along boycott beer the republican drink o Mormons too
Where should we cut to balance the budget?
Be strong Diane.
So why not have the same insurance for all as our elected officials Do?  Can you please address that @SenFeinstein  ?
Throwing the elderly (and poor) under the bus is a hostile act against America.
and God
Another blatant lie! How about cutting Medicaid to refugees who have not put a dime into our system, when they arrive,   get free Medicaid!
But it gives a tax break to the richest Americans! That's all the Republicans wants!

Please stand up for our Medicaid and Obamacare ( which needs repair) why Won't anyone in government listen to 60 percent of us! Obamacare!
How about real facts from the left. Does it really end Medicaid or are we overreacting? No one wants suffering to result from legislation!
Yes it is I believe it has always been the intent of the party to eliminate all but the desirables.This is only the beginning stay tuned..
All in the name of a massive tax break for the top 2%
Just kick out the abled bodied recipients & Medicaid would save more than a trillion.
Hope not in LaLaLand for trusting the Senate has the People's back
and will NOT pass House's Horrendous Health Care Bill.
It's time to let people know ACA was the intended precursor to Single Payor system! What's it take to lead toward the winning SP system.
Inexcusable.
Republicans shud NOT have cut the funding4anger management, it wud have been useful4their own town hall constituents-ill bill will kill ppl.
and therefore an attack on the US economy as well.
Make this craziness stop Diane.
Why hasn't the impeachment process been started??!!
And I don't trust those Republican senators to do much better than the representatives. Cruz on there!!! We're in deep trouble
It sure is a sad day when those elected to serve the people CELEBRATE forcing 25 million of those people out of medical insurance
Just get Drumpf out of office & all his crooked cronies too please!
Time to fight like hell Senator. Don't stand by and let it happen. As of last night 2 NO Senators said they didn't even end read the bill !!
@realDonaldTrump has no compassion for the poor, elderly, disabled. He sees all those issues as weaknesses. Look how he fleeced 'charities.'
oh bologna.  liberal talking points
People should call it Trumpcare. Make him own this.
If the new budget is $1.2 trillion. Does this cut pay for this year's budget? How many more $ trillions do we owe? How much interest paid?
I am counting on you to fix this awful bill or vote no. The fact that there are NO WOMEN on the committee concerns me gravely. zip: 94952
SAD and SHAMEFUL!  Where is the compassion in doing that?
States cover it now bc states have an impact on who is covered. Of course #CA is doomed. They're covering Argentina.
Get on TV Dianne; Speak to them on camera; Stop letting them act as if Trump did something good as with MOAB. Take chances.
House passes Triumph Care.  Horrible. Hope CALIFORNIA Goes foward implementing Universal Health Care.  Go CALIFORNIA!
Please support Single Payer healthcare, or retire and get out of the way
Let's hope the voters value those emails over the health of 24m, or they're going to feel pretty stupid.
Believe Feinstein?...probably not.
You lied.  Obamacare was pitched to us "to be as good as your congressman's" lies lies lies lies.  ACA is not affordable and crappy care.
Are you backing @SenSanders call to tear up this bill?
and even my daughter.
#NoOnAHCA  #YesOnAffordableCareAct
#pleaseSenatorsVoteNoOnTrumpedUpTrumpcare
Please hold town halls in all GOP areas of Cal where Rep voted for #TrumpCare - explain any people will lose coverage.
I'm going to have to stop you right there, that's more bullshit than I can handle... Your fear tactics are clogging up my shit filter.
WRONG!!!!!!!  More money will be funding Medicaid!
You Democrats are such fear mongers!  A medical insurance attorney explained the bill and Medicaid recepients actually get more funds!
go away, you lost the majority for a reason and you still dont understand that reason. The Acha hurt middle class businesses.youwontlisten!
Most medical research institutes face financial crises depend on private aid where does budget money go Sen.Dianne
@JoaquinLefebre Sen. Feinstein R U ABOVE THE LAW? OR DO YOU BELIEVE THAT YOU ARE?
Then you should be supporting Medicare for all. #sellout #rundnc #justicedemocrats #tytarmy
@JoaquinLefebre Sen. Feinstein knowing you were violating Fed. Law and organized Sanctuary City? Why did you become a criminal?
NO to #singlepayer...Medicare is available to elderly and disabled!
GOP wants to gut what we aid into all our working lives.  Single payer works beautifully in Aus where my brother
2)lives. Their system covers everyone for everything & sustains itself. Good gov cares about all it's citizens.
@Joaquin Lefebre; The State of Colorado ceased Medicaid payments since you all lost the election.
@docrocktex26 and 31 million children.
The GOP wants old people dead. We're not rich, don't vote for them and we just suck up the fed budget with our petty needs for food & meds.
Basically anyone in need
te do something about it, Dianne!
Please DO YOUR BEST to make sure this bill doesn't pass in Senate!! THANK YOU!
Hope they vote ...power of the vote people!!
all in the name of providing the wealthiest with a tax break
RICH WHITE GOP MEN ARE DESTROYING AMERICA THE GOP IS A CULT OF GREED OBSESSED RACIST MISOGYNIST XENOPHOBIC RELIGIOUS FANATICS AND FASCISTS
I really think Trump is trying to get rid of the poor, elderly, and disabled people.
Single payer, non profit admin system will save billions.  Single payer for everyone.  Employers would benefit too. @maddow
#preexistingconditions @maddow  I can't retire with the discrimination legislated by the house bill.   I'm screwed.  I'll die working
Pfaike Neuze
Mentally impaired.
And women

Just so we can protect the rich
We need single payer, plain and simple. Why doesn't Congress, and the senate get it?
Why are there no women on the Senate AHCA committee? Please do something about that or all women are screwed!!
Yes, it is!
That's a lie! The poor, elderly, and disabled are mostly on Medicare. What's your solution? Obamacare is unsustainable and reckless
Medical care has been so wonderful and cheap why would we change the Dem dream OCare? Duh.
This is an attack on widespread & massive fraud/abuse. I suggest that you all increase accountability & pass stiffer penalties 4 this theft!
How do make such giant lies? You assume no one is listening? So bad
The rich have no need for the poor, sick and elderly and quite frankly the poor, sick and elderly have no use for the rich.
I totally agree and am outraged
But how do we convince GOP whose mindset isNot aligned?Reach GOP by using their own harsh language style 
Why are you lying again?
AND ALL OUR SENIORS Who Don't Have Family Close Or Wealthy Or Have No Family! Who WILL Take CARE Of OUR SENIORS WHEN THEY NEED U.S. 4 CARE??
that will be me someday, I'm in WI, kids in CT.. me and husband are screwed
We're Not Screwed Just Yet! If Our Creator Is Watching... T & His WH Cartel & @GOP Better Stay Off Golf Courses...When Lightening Strikes!
T & His @GOP Ilk Dug Themselves A Hole They Won't Ever Climb Out Of! ALL Of U.S. On Other Hand Won't Forsake Each Other! #StrongerTogether
They #voted for @realDonaldTrump they believe that #Obamacare if the other people poor but not for #themselves #goodluck #AHCA #ACA
This is tragic, Medicaid is part of our safety net and the GOP are shredding it.
Obamacare is a tax on labor and insolvent
No Senator, you and the democrats ended Medicaid as we knew it. It's time to fix your mess.
Thank you for opposing this bill and for being a constant servant for what is right for Americans.
@RealDonaldTrump @Congress @Senate Screwing Over USA 98% American's While Giving To The Rich Yet Again! Heartless SOB's In Congress & Trump
No @SenFeinstein it is NOT...
Those ppl covered by Medicare and state programs .. stop the scare tactics .. ur such a fear monger
Your method of gov overspending is an attack on the country, the poor, elderly, disenfranchised, minorities, etc #AHCA
Vote no! #SinglePayer
Why was this not stopped?
Please continue to speak loudly for us Sen Feinstein WE NEED YOU!!!
Propose changes to the ACA that wil protect the citizens!
The R bill is a thief - robbing the American public if it's rights. These R's must be voted out
Thank you senator for speaking out against this devastating bill.Both my retired parents are on Medicaid,my dad is diabetic,now I'm worried
Don't forget women...
We count on you to pass the word to your colleagues: support Trumpcare and face the fight of your life for reelection.
Wrong as usual- just cutting waist
Single Payer would fix this healthcare problem nicely, wouldn't it?
Fight for Senator Thank you
The ACA was collapsing, it was unsustainable. Just admit you want a single payer system, AKA socialized medicine.
To give the Mercers and the Kochs a few dollars more....
The AHCA was written by A.L.E.C., a conservative legislative body, devised by the Koch brothers lawyers to gain access to our tax dollars.
Lose the adolescent, crybaby resistance, get engaged, do your job and get to work with the GOP. They won. Stop feeling sorry for yourself.
And gives that money to MIL/billionaires. We r only country not 2 have single payor. Isn't it time 2 get on board w/ Bernie, Diane?
Poor nana ...
GOP is heartless.Heaven help us all.We must resist.We must run for office.We must vote.We must be heard loud  & clear today
Thank you for voting no on the #AHCA.
We need your help to stop this immoral and unethical bill in the Senate. #STOPTrumpCare
Nothing lasts forever Diane
why are you rejecting Sanders bill? Come on Dianne. Really? get over it already. We need this. a trillion tax cut, NO.   Yes #SinglePayer
#SinglePayer
Transferring our domestic product to the wealthy also shrinks the economy.
Without assistance from MediCal (CA's Medicaid), I cannot pay for my prescription drugs. Senate has to fix this. @lisamowmow
I'm old and glad Obamacare is almost gone. Knock off your bullshit scare tactics. Go back to searching for the nonexistent Russian connect
Please Senator, as a constituent with a pre-existing condition, I beg you to quash this bill in the Senate.
Hope your condition turns out for the best. You should know, pre-existing conditions are covered in the new plan.  Good luck.
We demand single payer socialized health care. We will pay taxes for #medicareforall. We do not want market forces affecting health care.
Yep, that is what GOP Fascist do...Fascist all around the world do the same--just look...
most receiving need to work the lazy people have spoiled it for the needed
How about how you screwed the middle class with the ACA?
My goodness. It didn't. But if u haven't figured that out yet... 
Just hope you & everyone u care abt is a wealthy male and/or invincible.
Well then kill the bill in the Senate. Write your own to fix ACA. Present it to the people & let them get behind it.
the @GOP doesnt care, theyre #Exempt
help us
It is - frankly - the first major shot of a class war. Hate to use those terms, but when viewed in context with tax and budget proposals...?
Fight it, Dianne!!!
You ready to fight for single payer NOW senator?
MORE PC-BS lies from you. People can go to http://House.gov  & look the bill up & read it themselves. Still is not law yet. No Taxes
Oh, well then, nothin 2 worry 'bout until AFTER it's passed. Let's talk it over THEN. Plus, it's about sick fucks who would even CONSIDER it
You can not civilly discuss issues like an adult-You have to use vile vulgar words/juvenile name-calling- I do not suffer fools➤GoODBYe! ○ツ°
You continue to attack the working people so you can buy the votes of your victims and mascots
We all know @realDonaldTrump plans to launder money through the treasury and pay off his 20Billion Families debt
Yep, launder those rubles through the churches too! We know what you've been doing #donthecon ! May the Good Lord Bless the Rubles! @maddow
Hopefully illegals will be cut off Medicaid.
There are many people terrified right now.
and super angry
fucking furious, even.
which is why I chose to be down here in the 7th circle of hell fighting for the people
