How lovely, so cruel is really in with these Repubs ??
And next week he will be sitting on the Supreme Court.  All of your crying will be for nothing.

#SCOTUS
Hugs and kisses to Harry Reid. Who probabley is at an expensive massage parlor in Utah.
Now we have a face attached to the story. GOP got their judge. Will they stop at nothing for the sake of the party? More divided than ever.
Dianne yer questions @ hearings were answered & #Gorsuch supplied u w/ dozens of case studies why not share those as well?
The fact is Gorsuch is a corporate shill the GOP want to continue their takeover of US by corporations. Individuals have NO rights in GOP US
@Jasmine_Jewels per the law it was correct..question should a person make $ off of anothers $ ...call my lawyer
Which is why it shouldn't have taken you this long to denounce him.
LIAR!!! The Labor Board ruled that he ILLEGALLY left his trailer and the courts upheld that decision.

GAWD I am glad you are quitting!
Gorsuch's record demonstrates he's not a bend-the-rule, liberal type judge. Exactly what our country needs.
Someone who doesn't stand by the working class is anti-liberal......sounds about right.
Actually someone who stands up for the rule of law, and not any particular class, is typically not a liberal. 
Are you even capable of telling the whole story?  Or do you only cherrypick?
@DNC #TheResistance
I fucking hope you don't support 45.
Reprehensible.
Judge #Gorsuch ruled in favor of little guy too in the case of student vs police. Case by Case @SenFeinstein Look at the overall character
This applies to small mistakes. Something this big you can't overlook.
This is all anyone needs to know about Gorsuch. This man seems to be an Elitest and a question dodger..
@MikeCrapo @SenThomTillis
@SenJohnKennedy
If ur wife/child fired due 2 risk/death would U want them b4 Judge Gorsuch
A man who cannot walk in another man's shoes, does not belong on the Supreme Court.
we don't need anymore sociopaths on any court let alone the supreme court
Please do everything you can to #BlockGorsuch. We don´t need another corporatist SCOTUS!  #WeThePeople
I'm confused. Was the cab heater not working? Sounds more like this guy figured the trailer would not be stolen and he had time to go eat.
Gorsuch resides in the same pocket as does the Republican-side of Congress.  The Dark Ages are upon us.  Get ready, it's going to get worse.
Horror development. Against Gorsuch displays anti personal n anti black decision. Kkk kkk kkk like Trump & his dad
Thank you senator for standing strong
#VoteNoOnGorsuch
Gorsuch is slave master descendant check it out-he could care less about a Blackman dying!
I don't love this politicization of the nomination process. Expected more of you, Senator.
This is totally fucked up #heartless #NoOnGorsuch
why don't you tell them the full evaluation the legal interpretation was precise and accurate he also said cold-hearted
noToGorsuch
@dash_bandy @freep that's cold
Literally & figuratively 
That's the humanity McConnel will go nuclear abt, dismissive of plagiarism 2. Corporate toady. BC y'know F Obama
I will never understand his position on this case.  The truck driver made the right decision under difficult circumstances.
Did he say it was OK to fire him, or did he compare the case against existing law and the constitution. Get real.
don't worry we care gorsuch is for the corporations
Gorsuch lacks humanity, it is appalling! Please continue to vote NO, against this & Trump under investigation having a Lifetime appointment
#StopGorsuch
We The People don't need another corporate apologist on #SCOTUS, or any justice proposed by the Russian President of the United States
It's not that cut and dry Diane.  Stop being an obstructionist.
Imagine if this Judge did this to this driver. We the ppl.what can we expect from this crook guy,who is in defense of bigCorp.& not the poor
Gorsuch is an awful person
Well, he IS black...
You don't like Gorsuch? Wait until you meet the next nominee when it comes up. How much fun is that going to be? Lmao
Say hello to our newest supreme Court Justice. Judge Gorsuch. The best thing about it is you can't do one single thing to stop it.
In typical liberal fashion, you want him to change the law as he makes his decisions instead of following it.
Thank you for voting NO on Gorsuch.
Congress didn't care when they wrote a sloppy law! Judges don't make laws
Heartless
Plain and simple, Neil Gorsuch DOES NOT hold the same values of normal decent Americans.
Then find another job.
Too bad no one is running ads exposing him?
I sent him a tweet regarding this case. I hear there is more coming out too. Do the other supreme Court judges want to work with him?
#BlockGorsuch do everything you can. We are counting on you.
Stop being two faced and obstructing.  Let's get America moving
99.4% of 2,700 cases had agrmnt, four did not this is one of them I think he would redo no one is perfect, statistically he is close 99.4!
Bork was rejected for a lack of compassion. A great judge needs compassion.
#noprobenorobe #TrumpRussia #TheResistance
Sounds like he was lying about being frostbitten
Let's have no justice who thinks anyone is expendable.  I only saw a moment's coverage, but I think the driver was Black.
The facts are he thought he was frostbitten. The company told them not to move the trailer and the truck.
Should have call 911. 
The End !
Vote NO @DNC    Please
U didn't state enough facts  to judge.
Another example for f Gorsuch standing against the welfare of people!
Did Judge Gorsuch stop for a second and think what he would have done in that scenario?
Call 911
looks like CA residents want you fired as well. Goodbye Lib
gorsuch needs some "behind the barn" time...
He followed the law irrespective of the plaintiffs, isn't that a good thing?
