How come Muller isn't as noble? He has conflict of interest, Comey is personal friend...
You're asking the hard questions now. Don't expect Diane to get back to you any time soon on that one...
Where the investigation on Hilary? She should be in jail...
So let's remove him for committing perjury and for advocating a return to the Jim Crow South.
agree- he should be fired because he's a racist working for the private prison industry
Well that's a new bit of craziness I haven't heard before. Not true, but you get points for originality.
He is employed at the President's pleasure,  not yours
We must not let Trump fire Sessions, make recess appointment and fire Mueller.
Yes.  If he gets pushed out it should be because he wants to take the US back to the Jim Crow era... oh and he did lie to the US Senate.
But he should have been charged with #Perjury
no pergery
No "pergery" however Sessions did commit #Perjury
@MikeOkuda He lied about meeting with the Russians!
No he didn't
He would have been in error not to recuse and Pres not acknowledging that is strictly manipulation
Not to mention, he does seem to want to roll back the rights of most people to 1800.
It's hard to see someone who is a bigot and perjured himself as AG, but if he prevents tRump from firing Mueller, it's bearable.
He's not going to prevent anything. If Trump wants Mueller gone, he'll be gone. He was illegally appointed anyway, so he needs to be fired.
He should be fired because of the way he is walking over and dismantling our CIVIL RIGHTS!!
Would you ever imagine a day when you would support Sessions? Neither did I.
He does not deserve to be AG anyway.
Didn't get the memo ?? If you would do your job and stop being a obstructionist you would know Sessions is not going anywhere ! Ridiculous!
Unfortunately that doesn't erase the fact that Sessions is guilty of perjury, collusion, and obstruction of justice himself.
Get off the Russians.  Its Dead.  You and your party are vicious.  You don't represent anyone but your own agenda.
...As Mueller digs and digs and digs...of course you would say it's "correct".
Those are decisions way above your pay grade, ma'am.
Leave decisions to leaders.
You folks have for us here.
Another do nothing Dem!
no it was not correct
No he shouldn't have recused, there was nothing to recuse from. No wrongdoing. You've looked for proof for how long and still have nothing?
He should be fired. He's a racist.
He needs to get in gear and get a special prosecutor to investigate Dem crimes eg rice, loretta, HRC, wasserman, podesta
He should be gone because of all the ways he is damaging the country.  The recusal was a positive.
The decision to recuse was correct because of his ethical obligation.
I am a Dem and your constituent.  You and Pelosi need to be more vocal about impeaching the traitor in the WH or retire.
Lol. Liberals. You people actually can breath on your own ? Yeah let's push out all incompetent people in DC. Diane first
But maybe implicated in the lying cheating swamp of Russian Tampering.
The decision to recuse was wrong.  Still, what an incredible about-face by DEMs to defend AG Sessions.  This hypocrisy knows no bounds.
Yes, he should be "pushed out" or imprisoned after Mueller's investigation Is over
Except he didn't recuse.
Of course, because Sessions needs time to direct DOJ Civil Rights Div. toward protecting Dream Hoarding White Privilege.
You've been standing for sensible recusals for ages, Di. Like when you asked Holder and Lynch to all those times.........

Session should be under investigation
The contributing Americans disagree with you and Nancy gets her freak on think you you want to leave the greatest country so far
Yes, but he "recused" in name only. Still involved up to his redneck. He is a danger to US law as AG. Theatrics aside, let him go.
Ok. But he should be fired for civil rights violations.
Damn!  Sorry to say she's right.
Maybe U will approve of him going after Rice, commie comey, loretta and HRC
He never should've been confirmed. He should be a defendant in a perjury trial.
No, but he should be fired because he is incompetent and a good ole southern boy  racist from waaaaaay back. Ask anyone from Alabama.
Sessions should be pushed out because he lied during his confirmation hearings and he should be breaking up rocks in a federal pen.
I like Jeff but more importantly why do you like him, do you think he is not going to prosecute Hillary Clinton?
It's the POTUS prerogative to fire anyone in admin
I believe Ms Sanders said no to that today.
@60andmoonwalkin no but Trump should be for Collusion and Obstruction!
Thank you for this statement.
Did you JUST come to this conclusion?
Absolutely correct. There are so many other valid reasons to remove him from his post and deposit him...elsewhere.
But are there other reasons Sessions should go? I don't want Mueller fired, but also don't think Sessions deserves/has earned protection.
Well lets hope he doesnt meet on a tarmac with Wasserman Shultz anytime soon because the Dems house of corrupt cards is about to fall
Sen Feinstein with all do respect I don't want 2 pay for the whole Trump family! Other presidents have no older children the Whitehouse
No, he should not be fired for that. He SHOULD be fired for lying about his contact with Russia.
Agreed, AG is the people's AG, not Trump's protector.
That may be true, but I can think of other reasons why he should not be our Attorney General! He has an antagonistic agenda.
It is not up to you, all you are doing is creating tension. You are truly a disgusting example of what is wrong with American politics today
If Sessions is pushed out, doesn't that clear the way for Trump to fire Mueller, which would be an epic strategic mistake. #TheResistance
He should be fired for being a Klan member.
The only klan member in Congress recently was Hillary's mentor, Robert Byrd.

He should b fired though 4 having been involved w Comey's firing, lying on his Sec. Form, & quid pro quo settlement of Rus. case in NY.
Is it an investigation or a matter?
Sen. Feinstein, Trump should be impeached!!! The decision to do so would be correct. He's chipping away at our democracy daliy. ENOUGH!
You poor thing. It's been a year & even Feinstein admits there's no evidence of collusion.
Point taken
sessions SHOULD be pushed out by CONGRESS 4 LYING during confirmation
Don't take colluders side just 2 spite the puppet
FFS
Why hasn't trump been impeached yet?
He should be fired for repeatedly lying to congress
Isnt it a point of law to recuse from cases such as this?
It was correct; but not according Charlatan Trump!
Yes, he should leave just because he is terrible!
But he should be fired for lying about his Russia involvement.
...and obvious
The White House is in panic mode , their lying & scheming will catch up to them sooner than they think & the sooner the better for America
He should be fired because he's a racist, homophobic bigot.
He should however be accountable for his lying. My god, he's the AG. R standards r so low. We shld never look the other way or accept this
But for being a racist maybe
Plus WHAT Russian investigation... you're blowing tax payer money because your egos were bruised. Turn to Obama for answers.

True. But his outdated views on cannabis is a good reason. #NoMoRedRugWar
Absolutely Senator Feinstein it would only serve the president's escapist agenda. He cannot escape his Russian complicity. @Michael36776349
That's not why I want him out! He's a racist,traitor,liar,homophobe,and has his head up DT's butt.
Good judgement and professional behavior is grounds for termination in 45's WH.
Obstruction of justice
Perjury
Witnesses intimidation
False statement on security app
Treason

#MAGA #GOP
Agree. Even though he's up to his eye balls by lying about his meetings with Russians.
Sorry.  AG Sessions has regressive, racist views and is not what this country needs at the moment.  Time for him to let the future take over
It was also insisted on by many Democrats
@SenFeinstein why did you confirm Wray?
Agreed. I think he's wrong on almost every issue, but correct on this one. Not that he had much choice.
Now get that person in the oval office to #SignSanctionsBill
Who are you....you guys went NUTZ...trying to derail his conformation...

