So you're onboard for single payer then?
I wish people wld stop asking Dems this. Single payer was in the original ACA legislation & Dems wanted it. An "independent" torpedoed that
so, it was good idea then, and now we're all on board, yes?
Dems have always been on board w/ a public option incl w/ other regulatory reform. Repeating the question, seeking hostility, isn't helpful.
It seeks to cast doubt in the Dem agenda to expand meaningful, equitable health care access under the banner of "establishment bad!"
Except, Dem establishment is what's gotten us this far. It'sprogressive retention of power. Strategic necessity to win on candidates&issues
So for the love of god, stop trying to make it seem like Dems should be in doubt here. An "independent" killed single payer in the ACA.
And one should think about what it means to vote for someone who won't align themselves with a party platform & how that killed single payer
I have yet to read an article that explains this.  @SenateDems @@HouseDemocrats and the Fourth estate are sure irritating sometimes.
Looks like CONGRESS (you) better do their Constitutionally mandated job and replace that funding POTUS had/has zero authority to authorize!
Is car insurance taxation? Want to talk taxation without representation? talk to the people in DC or Puerto Rico!!!
Don't have space to explain error in your first pt., but DC and PR are both taxed and have no voting  representation in Congress
Single payer health care will not work. It doesn’t work anywhere else, why would it work here? Look at the VA, it’s shit wall to wall.
Hi, I'm a dual us/uk citizen, it absolutely works. I wait longer in the us to see a dr than I have anywhere else in the world.
So the VA is a model of well run government to healthcare?Are you talking about the emergency room? Make an appointment to see the dr?
I just waited 5 weeks to get possible skin cancer checked. I've waited 9 hours to get admitted to an ER & the care was worse than in EU/UK.
My cousin in the UK just had MAJOR spinal surgery within 4 weeks, and they only waited so long b/c they wanted to try PT first.
The VA sucks because of lack of funding, lack of oversight and mismanagement. I know because I work in medical billing for a living.
Youre on the inside,many dont have that perspective.Ive worked in customer service,I can get many things for free cause I know how to ask.
I'm... not sure I get your point. Are you saying I get discounted ins for working for a billing center? I get my ins privately through ACA.
I was just saying this last night. I work in insurance billing. At the same time taxes are cut, we spend more, where are the deficit hawks?!
Fix this mess and override him

Trump has been far more effective at sabotage than you have been at defending ACA. Still not convinced to get behind #MedicareForAll ?
Where do you get these figures from, Dianne?
He nixed the csr, not the tax credits so the govt now has to subsidize more expensive care. I'm an insurance admin, she's absolutely right.
Thankfully several States are sueing
California!
That's because Rex was right.
Can this country survive 4 years of that idiot in the White House?  Every day I'm more appauld. :(
Well, aren't you just precious.
Sounds like the sabotage came 8 years ago
trump said he'd run  just like his businesses:  6 bankruptcies, over 3000 lawsuits, broken contracts, discrimination, outrage & failure.
So, the one and only time he didn’t lie! 
Doubt that Trump cares about the money. More than anything he just wants to destroy Obama legacy.
Oh no no he wants the MONEY for himself and greedy #TrumpCrimeFamily  plus hatred if smarter handsomer more beloved  Barack Obama.
Deficit, Deficit, Deficit! They Always Grow Under Republican @GOP So-called Governing. #Vote2018, so Dems Can Fix All Again! @JoyAnnReid
Where is the passion. The fury. The truth?
You are the ones with the platform.
Democrats should  be raising the rooftops
love a dementia politicians make shirt up! She needs to come  clean!
It will go into repuke pockets
Please do something about him!
Then impeach him.
Listen all of y'all it's a Sabotage
On Health, Safety & 1st Amd 
#ACAsabotage
#IranDeal 
#PenceStunt #NBCLicense
Diane, please retire and get out of the way of real progressives
Why can't anybody do anything to stop him? He's obviously unfit to be potus. He's harming us irreparably. Take action, please.
And no one does a damn thing....no one.
#trumpcare
DJT just sabotaged 1/6 of the nations economy. Question: How will next Monday's Markets "adjust" to that? Any ideas?#Resist #25amendmentnow
So do something about it
Not if Congress and Senate do their jobs. Oh, wait, I forgot, that never happens.
Feinstein's support of overpriced and destructive Poseidon desalination water reeks of corruption and poor judgement @JoseSolorio
Are we great yet?
And are we tired of winning yet?
Your lying, how does not spending FannieMae/FreddieMac raided money by Obama cause us to spend more, spigot is shut off? illogical Dimocrat
“Patience. Trump can be a good president.” ~ @DianneFeinstein . Hope you’re learning before is too late. #MoronTrump
trump doesn’t care..its not his money.
Support Medicare for all.
Don't play like you dems don't own this shitstorm..
Trump had nothing to do with creating obamacare.
How much more are #WorkingClass paying for healthcare? Oh, and does Senators and Congress have #Obamacare @SenFeinstein ?
Yes, they do have the ACA.
You had the house, senate & presidency and couldn’t come up with a legal way to pay off the insurance companies?
Sounds to me like one should have read the 2300 page bill before passing it, might have found the illegal subsidy…did you take an oath
Things would've been a LOT better if you hadn't passed 404care, knowing it would fail.  This is, ALL OF IT, on you and @TheDemocrats .
Intentional sabotage of US healthcare system that helps millions of Americans is an act of Treason. Impeach Traitor
Merry Christmas
@realDonaldTrump You might not have known this because you are a bit light on policy and you don't seem interested in study.
But he thinks he's saving money...no wonder his companies go bankrupt...no clue how money works anywhere...Get him out of office now.
What’s a couple of billion added to the $10 trillion of debt you people created over the last 8 years?
I'm quickly losing faith in congress because they haven't done anything about the maniac in the white house.
Why the Fedral government agree to pay billions of $ to the insurance companies under the ACA. Turnout those insurance companies donated D’s
Is anyone going to tell the president that info?
Great news!
CALL FOR IMPEACHMENT, OR SPEED UP CONVICTIONS.
Fossil fuel exploration & production subsidies $20.5 billion annually.
ACA reimbursements are $7 billion in 2017 
 $9 billion in 2018.
So @SenFeinstein who is going to lead the democratic movement to unite people and oppose this menace in the WH?
@realDonaldTrump you are just such a #Genius! God help us...
Shut the government down if we can’t fixed the ACA and DACA!!
You & other's are giving subsidies  to insurance companies. I'm sure they donate to Democrat party campaign. Facts will come out.
Where is your proof?
Trump should fix his waste of tax payers $. 2.3 billion flushed right down the drain. He is expecting Dems to help when he reneged on DACA
repeal obamacare
Well, @SenateGOP ?
Stop this madman
Well @SenFeinstein, do something about it. We’re tired of you stating the obvious, blowing smoke up our ass and generally not being a strong moral Senator from CA. If you can’t do anything, move out of the way to let someone else lead.
YOU sabotaged all of us Small Business employees and destroyed our Health Care.  Now you want to be outraged?  How about the Middle Class?
That’s not true, more left wing propaganda
Government will spend zero.
I see!
Ah, but he has no control over subsidies.
Do you understand how many coal fired power plants could be run with the same pollution of these California fires ! We all thought .....
You were an environmentalist! Are you in California? Sure hope so.
Fires Senator, fires ? Try to focus.
Oh how would you knowanything about money? y’all haven’t passed a budget and how many years? Do your job!
LOL. I thought    Nancy Palozzy was nuts...Since when do you liberals care just print more money.
American workers have their dreams dashed by traitorous Dems shipping jobs of ‘deplorables’ overseas, bringing in immigrants replace them.
He doesn't care, he will do anything to undermine whatever Obama accomplished.
Thanks to #Trump ISIS attack on our healthcare system his voters will suffer the most.
It's insane. Less covered with more cost. For no good reason. People will die because of this.
People die everyday regardless of insurance
Trump is waging war against ALL Americans showing that killing us off seems to be the "best" political choice! Trump MUST go!!
Need to cut this off at the pass, Dianne.  Best wishes.  His trial balloons and silly, untested ideas do not support American needs in HC.
So by blocking reform YOU are responsible for an increase in spending.
Let's discuss Congress failing to legally obtain the funds for the subsidies.
Got the wrong president there. Proverbs is describing Trump.
45 would undermine whole government in order to eradicate Obama’s work .And we are the ones to suffer
I suffered under 44.  Obama care destroyed my healthcare and that of several friends.  That was ok though, right?
It’s about to get worse .ACA could have been improved ..now we have nothing..no subsidies .No cost containment
Not for me.  It can't get worse.  Maybe I can hope Obama care will fail totally and I can get my old insurance back.
Good luck if you can get it reasonably priced ..there is no one to stop the cost escalation...although congress could but they won’t
House backed @Potus into political corner w lawsuit finding unconstitutional CSR $ w/out appropriation. DOJ affirmed. So, appropriate $.
Can't anyone do anything?
Federal gov't doesn't have money.
Give up your money from Weinstein to help
Lol
1-I sincerely hope you don’t cave in and “negotiate” with the moron in the oval. If you do, it’s time for a new CA Senator in 2018.
The federal government ceased to exist when DJT was illegally installed as president.  Focus. #ShutItDown #TakeAKnee
yes out to ruin ACA with real fix of premium or coverage for preexisting
Trump finds creative ways to waste taxpayer money and tax the middle class. Salaries not going up but healthcare costs = TAX ON MIDDLE CLASS
@realDonaldTrump immorally takes from the working poor & middle class to give even more to the super-rich.
ACA sabotaged itself. It's still Obamacare, and it's still a failure. You're the lawmaker, so that  means you fail as well.
Another democrat that has all the criticisms and doesn’t work to solv the problem ! Great job Dianne !!
we are in bizarro world now.
Um No another FEAR MONGERING LIE from you leftist's. Are you one of the members in congress on Alzheimers med.?
POCAHONTAS THERE YOU SPEW AGAIN FULLY AUTOMATIC: with rhetoric that's bovine crap! The ACA failed! You guys stole from Freddie & Fannie!!
But he will collect it back with the stock market right? {Sarcasm}
Better than spending trillions of dollars on a tax rebate or credit. Stop shuffling around money and spend less. It’s that simple.
Do something Dianne, get him out!
I'm guessing you will not be voted back into office
And give America CHOICES. 
 The real definition of freedom
@SenFeinstein of SF, California
Please stop him! Get him out of office. File something in court to keep him from destroying our healthcare. @SenateDems
Dianne u got some splainin to do! So u gonna give Harvey's donation back? Inquiring minds want to know
Lol
Yea you would rather send it to IRAN wouldn't you?
#withdummieslikethis
#whoneedsenemies
That's a stretch isn't it
This is Trump math and Trump money management. He has proven to be a master of ignorance at both.
Potus is high on power and confidence which are very dangerous drugs...
What progress have you made today toward stopping trump?
Not when all American's buy health insurance across state http://lines.now . ACA never worked dear but it did make me poorer
lol get your calculator out honey.... your numbers are wrong.
”the government cannot legally continue to pay the so-called cost-sharing subsidies because they lack a formal authorization by Congress”
False.  Fake stats.   Get it right or shut up.
BTW subsidies isn't free cash. It's MARXIST income redistribution 4 voting effects. Which is Y these endless claims of care. #bullshit
Medicaid was never intended for Illegal Aliens.
he has no clue...
And the senate is more worried about passing a hugely unpopular tax scam than protecting America from a lunatic POTUS. WHY?????
How much longer before IMPEACHMENT??
All you congress folks should have the same Healthcare you all shove down Americans throats. Plus Mandatory Term Limits imposed upon you all
Tillerson was right!
Trump is draining federal government $. This is part of his vengeance against USA. Trump is poison Because he is going down for violations!
Healthcare sabatoge was signed N2 law late after midnite 2009 without a single Republican vote.Political Football kickoff w/MARXIST BHO-DEMS
And who's fault is that - they had been invited to participate for 1 1/2 years, they chose not to. That is on them
There's no invitation whatsoever. Govt does not ever belong controlling HC.Socialism experimentation is 2be FLATLY 100% rejected. #REJECTED
and yet it works in almost every country in the world
I don't remember socialism being America's model. Only after nit wittted progressives began giving taxed $$$ to those who didn't earn it
Low income families will not receive any tax subsidies and will be left with no way to pay for insurance co pays and premiums. FAIL-FAIL.
Call it #TrumpCare now
The majority must march with a LOUD voice against the small basket of deplorables led by #Trump and #GOP.
What Part Of COUP Didn't You & Your Intelligence Analysts Not Get After Nine Long Years ?  They Meant Drown Governance in a Bathtub. ??
It will cost more. But at least it’s legal. How about Congress get their act together and legislate subsidies if they want them?
Money well spent, Sen Corpse
Why give Iran a plane load of cash? .
Work with @KamalaHarris and PASS HEALTHCARE FOR ALL
Why has this dysfunctional government spent $12 trillion over the last 20 +yrs. on the MILITARY INDUSTRIAL COMPLEX?
the price of legality?
ACA was passed by congress and upheld by scotus again and again . Where's the illegal part ?
start on the top of page 1 and go from there.
I'm sure that page was passed by Congress and upheld by scotus too. Nothing illegal at all, you just don't like.
