then why did you vote for Pompeo?
If U read Pompeo's background he is a religious man..
I give zero shits about his religion. I give many shits about America torturing people.
BUT U believe in taking refugees from countries who practice Sharia law...lol..u make no sense..
unlike some pole here who want Xian-brand sharia law...
If he takes a refugee into his home that would prove he trusts refugees,  until then he is just a Soros puppet! @msavener
just like how u prove u reject illegal immigration by not buying food at supermarket. Or do u?
Maybe U should offer a refugee your home..@msavener
every terrorist has a weakness and it is up to our intelligence to figure out what it is to get the information we need
please a NO vote on @JeffSessionsrbx He's the most egregious appointment yet I live n the south Don't make it worse than it is
Enjoy ur sexist racist war mongering #Trump Administration that only took 8 days 2 plummet n polls
you exist in a bubble #Trump fell below 50% approval faster than any pres in history!! He did it in a mere 8 days
@Melanie_Cruz 
?- They give us "Alternative Facts", then say Torture is best way to get truth. What R they asking for? #resist
Trump only one saying torture works. He's really insane!! He needs to be impeached & jailed ASAP
Agreed. But so should all those in Gov. who either agree with him or are sitting silent- letting evil reign.
Yes definitely! They pump him up n he loves that....they fuel his fire, it's despicable!!
They are being bullied, either by office or money, and are too short-sighted to see repercussions.
That's  right there!! Wish they would wake up before it's way too late for us all!!
was it? I'm more than willing to read any honest material u can link plz
Lying as usual, I see. Not surprising from the idiot who helped the Night Stalker avoid capture.
and you lie
you just lied to the American people about Nat Security, wow you are shamefull
Not true
Khalid Sheikh Mohammed DID use US weak visa system to get the hijackers in. Trumps Exec Order refers to that in first pages
Lovely facts. Why did you ignore them when you confirmed Pompeo? I voted for you 2x; hella pissed you're not standing strong.
@DrDinD
you should read the report. Your tweet is a lie (no surprise) & complete BS
not true!
all your phone lines are busy - no way to contact you. Very unfair to Californians. Please find a better solution.
He gave up valuable info during questioning between sessions (not 183!) because of fear of being waterboarded again. It works!
So you want the U.S. flooded with potential terrorists, yet want citizens disarmed, that sounds like treason ma'am
were you there or out having your old lady hands manicured?
: You're still in office?
Not according to Zero Dark Thirty.....
I thought your boy Obama personally put a double-tap into 9/11mastermunds head?
I wonder how many of our politicians have become closet Muslims, so many seem to be pro sharia enthusiasts.
Uh, there's a few lies and misleading statements here. Unfortunately,  she's a liberal so forget @PolitiFact or @GlennKesslerWP or @myhlee
Evidence, pls.
Otherwise ur narrative doesn't hold water.
+Does any America-loving citizen care if TERRORISTS are traumatized?
this is just false
You're lying, Senator - again.
You Senator are a Liar. Please be quiet and fade into retirement
COMPLETE FN LIE... BUT THEN WHAT ELSE SHOULD WE EXPECT FROM U CORRUPT POLITICIANS.
Feinstein,  U love drama & want terrorists. Just admit it..It gives U ppl a reason 2 add more laws & taxes n CA. U hate peace!
Hey, look; more #AltLeft lies, and a blatant one too. Pull in' a Dirty Harry Reid.
but it was fun for the people doing it! Quit being a buzz kil senator I-don't-know-the-difference-between-a-clip-&-magazine
u repeatedly lie and don't think anyone notices because your media won't call u on it
Do you have no conscience, Feinstein? Your lies are as bad as Hillary's.
you liberals need to stop lying to America!! Your lies are why WE voted @POTUS Trump!! You liberals will never learn
LOL. BULLSHIT!
This is an absolute lie. Stop lying Sen, you used to be better than this but now you're just as pathetic as the rest of your sinking party.
@curran_marlene that being said let's be accurate...you were always strong on US intelligence and were never faint of heart.
@curran_marlene ask Daniel Pearl if water boarding was more humane than the treatment afforded him!
@curran_marlene did Khalid sheik Muhammad cut off the head of a Jewish reporter?  Guess karma is a bitch. KSM is a vile human.
so did the gov. How come we didnt invade Saudi Arabia
Well at least he felt pain for causing americans so much pain
it is not the truth they're after, wake up
you voted to confirm Pompeo why?
@Ali_H_Soufan you must have been sleep-voting fir Pompeo then.
why doesn't "45" have someone try it on himself and see if he answers questions about his ties to Russia honestly...
@Ali_H_Soufan Hypocrite much, ma'am? You didn't have a problem at the time.
@DylanJPoe "Grow a pair", Feinstein...
We read the report when it came out initially. Was anyone prosecuted? No.
They only tortured him because they could and were pyschopaths.
Reply to @SenFeinstein Seriously? even the vikings knew better.. torture doesn't work
and yet you voted yes on pro-torture pompeo.. why?
@CindyDPishere Tell Trump the only way to prove torture works is to try it on him to get him to release his tax returns 
kind of hard to torture a group of ppl that's purpose is to die for their cause!he doesnt see that it will be our men tortured
@Carlsonsports to be fair though, he had probably been trained in torture resistance techniques by the CIA....
Then why did you vote yes for Mike Pompeo who has a record of supporting torture.
I would be happy to #ReadTheReport - why don't you release it?
@stephenWalt That does not rule out the justification of using waterboarding. May be waterboarding was too mild for him.
how about you have the courage to read the whole report from senate floor?
Btw, Feinstein, why did you approve Trump's appointees? Where's the resistance? Tme to #VoteYouOut
God I hate you Feinstein... but you're right here. But let's remind people.
@SenSanders Do not support ANY of Trumps Cabinet picks! He wants to make America Stupid! Stand up and say NO!
Why did you vote for Pompeo?!?! What you permit is what you promote. Weak.
Sorry snowflake.
water boarding a priority for you ?
When did they interrogate Cheney?
Thanks Jimmy! Would have been really impressed if Senator Feinstein had retweeted... Happy Friday! #Resist #NoDAPL #Solidarity
Guess that ship has sailed
Needs to be tried on Trump. Lies, espionage, treason...he'd squeal like a pig at the first drops of water.
Trump does the same every day without torture
Release the report.
@puppymnkey and that non-hero because he was captured, John McCain, never caved either. Mattis told him it doesn't work! Help!
@puppymnkey U go girl!!!!!
What'd you do if loved one's being held, possibly tortured & you had the one person who knows where they are #ReadTheReport
WHY did you vote for Pompeo?!  We are your angry base. Hear us, LEAD or GET OUT OF THE way!! Stand up to Trump. No wussy Dems!
At which Point have we enough evidence to impeach PrTrump for High Crimes, Misdemeanors? He is acting as a domestic terrorist.
No on Sessions!
did he donate to your campaign or pizza restaurant?
@meekwire shoulda prosecuted the torturers. This keeps coming up bc it lost its taboo.
@edwebb how do we stop this madness???
@KamalaHarris we cannot get thru via phones. Sen Fein votes on confirming the candidates or not voting at all are concerning!
. Trump and is cabinet should be water boarded... To get the truth about his tax returns.
the DEMs/Obama administration just droned people without any trail. How much info was learned from those dead terrorists?
it's why it shouldn't be brought back
@altFBI You're assuming he can read a report or comprehend it.
@crimsonCHEM torture only fortified and validates their hate and actions.
None of these points lead to any conclusions.
If he had the presence of mind to lie, maybe you don't understand what happened.
that's 1 terrorist how about all the ones Obama let go from Gitmo? We will never know. But now we will kill them!
Obama needs to hear that. He kept waterboarding people. That explains why he didn't go after the Bush people for it.
“We tortured some folks"
I'm sure you see the futility in asking @realdonaldtrump to read ~anything~ right?
TBH that guy is a badass.
@EliotHiggins least he suffered like those people who had to jump
Please U Democrats have 2 start PUSHING BACK HARD w/Republicans Our country is N deep trouble Trump needs 2 go but they back his insanity
Then he should've been waterboarded earlier, when he had actionable intel. 
It works in the field Di. I promise.
you've never been treated like a dimwitted child 'til you've written @SenFeinstein a letter in subject you have expertise
God forbid anything like international law or scientific fact get in the way of @realDonaldTrump Torture policy #TortureReport
Trump's been torturing us for 2 years and all its done is piss off 100million Americans lol
Taking note @realDonaldTrump @BreitbartNews @BuzzFeed @BuzzFeedNews @nytimes ?
Just a water bottle on the podium has the same effect on Spicer.
haha
show us you resist with your votes not your tweets! Trump lost CA by 4 mil votes. Represent us!
@RevEdBacon C'mon kids - you're dealing with FACTS here...  You'll just confuse chairman trump with them...
yet you voted for CIA director Pompeo? who supports torture?
That's because he wasn't the mastermind. Torture someone long enough, 3 outcomes - truth, lie or die.We know who really did it
@hrw then why did you vote for pompeo?
then why do you need 30,000 phone calls to oppose nominees?
Let's waterboard Trump. Maybe he will release his tax returns and tell us about his ties to Putin and Russian mafia.
@hrw @POTUS @GOP ChickenHawks talking tough abt torture doesn't make U tough, it's UNAMERICAN. You also risk our troops lives2
please vote no on sessions and devos
and the real mastermind behind 9/11 was cheney
your nothing but a damn thief. And insider trader
and if you were eater boarded would you say where you stole my money from? And gave the highspeed rail contract to you
@hrw who exactly was that mastermind you speak of Sen.?Bin laden was killed on scene.Maybe the person didn't have info to give
@hrw #torture is #illegal #immoral #pureevil no civilized, responsible government should entertain using it,even if it works
But I bet if a terrorist had to sit in a room and hear hours of Trump speeches,they'd give up intel real fast. #trumpistorture
Torture has NEVER been a reliable means of extracting information! And chump proposed torture before medical treatment FFS!!!
@hrw you mean 'alternative facts'?
@hrw   ISIL neither apologises nor agonizes over their barbaric, immoral behavior. They have their mission.
We are different.
@hrw what worries me is @realDonaldTrump comment fight fire wirh fire. Are we going back to #Crusades?
@hrw @realDonaldTrump doesn't read above 2nd grade level. He probably has ADHD. Can't focus.
you SURE ;)
#realtorture
science, prior experience, nothing matters. We must pray for our soldiers so fearful of a backlash.
you should resist everything in trumps agenda.
it's well known that fabrication occurs under torture...the responsible interrogator knows it's a very last resort...
Can we stop the Tillerson appointment? This is by far the most dangerous thing besides Mnuchin & DeVos. Get Repubs on ur side!
so you'll be voting against Sessions?
Say no to all cabinet picks.We hear that you want our calls saying no on Sessions.We r trying but your phones are always busy.
@BillBIevins another terrorist spoke after interrogator brought him sugarless treats. He had diabetes.
So why did you vote in a CIA chief who approves of using torture?...
agree.  Keep up the fight, Senator, we need people like you.
Vote against DeVos, Price and Sessions!! Be our voice be our advocate!!
Torture of those who seek to kill Americans is fair!  Go follow Boxer...Dianne!
Empty proclamations from a woman who betrayed our ideals by voting for Pompeo.
I got a flu shot and still got the flu.
stop trying to talk reason and logic! Clearly @realDonaldTrump doesn't care about such topics! #NotMyPresident #ImpeachTrump
@hilaryr Sent that report to Trump
My guess is that you would spill all you know if you were water boarded.
I'm a constituent. Tried calling DC/LA offices, can't get thru. Please vote against Jeff Sessions. He threatens voter rights.
Then why did you vote to confirm Pompeo? Make some space in your inbox, I've got another voicemail message for you
@damonbethea1 how about we pay attention to behavioral SCIENCE and read the articles?!
the man is a gd abomination. #doomsdayclockticking
please Senator, resist every single cabinet nomination. Every single one. There is no working with them and no work around
when will this Trump nightmare end ? Impeach or force resignation.   He's unfit, unhinged, lacks empathy, and lacks brains!!
Vote No on Jeff Sessions and Betsy DeVos please Senator
your phone mailbox is full. Oppose trump EVERY SINGLE TIME. Don't be a #cuck
- I tried calling you 100 times today to vote NO on Sessions and DeVos.
VOTE FOR US - you have dropped the ball
Thanks for that reminder. I had forgotten.
please do all you can to stop this crazy president and his cabinet.
please obstruct everything and anything just as GOP did to Obama.
should've poked needles in his eyes instead 
Why did you confirm Pompeo.
.@SenFeinstein consider: confirming Pompeo was a mistake you will be primaried over
your supporters are not for water boarding madam senator and likely are not for Sessions, deVos and others. Resist!
@Yousefzadeh not correct; he had water poured over his face that many times; he was not tortured; he also gave intel
Trump wouldn't understand it even if he read it. Check the Pew Report.
Vote no to Sessions and DeVos. - signed, a California voter 
They say you sometimes have to do it 184 times for it to work.
@theClaudiaInez 

Little Donnie doesn't read.
maybe 184 would have been the trick. Or something more Mafia style w/o govt restrictions.
great point just don't cave into his bs!
@manymanywords 25th Amendment, please.  You can start this.
Kow what?  Who cares.  He was responsible for thousands of deaths.
false info leads to useless, time and money wasting operations. because you want revenge, more innocents will die @SenFeinstein
Obstruct the entire Trump agenda Senator
