100% bullcrap. With #PlannedParenthood offices only in 'poor' (aka: black) areas, I doubt Feinstein's ever been inside any PP location
Amazing that people are so willing to display their ignorance in public. 650 US PP health centers incl: Chandler, Flagstaff, Glendale, Tempe
Back when I was a supporter, I was inside the 7th Street office of Planned Parenthood. Sure did not see ANY medical equip or doctors
Sure. That must make you an expert. Right. It's all just an elaborate smoke screen, Maybe another ZOG conspiracy?
Just another woman hater.  Nothing to see here.
Probably Mommy issues.
Or small hands.
Thank you for voting NO on this horrible bill. Each day brings new reasons I am grateful I live in California.
Dianne, your collective stupidity is absolutely mind-boggling. Abortion is "health care"? YOU are shameful.
If u want to see stupidity just look 2 ur own eyes wide shut comment. Who does not know by now PP offers array srvcs 2 both women AND men?
On health: Drastic cuts to NIH budget could translate to less innovation and fewer patents, study argues
give them 10k more for women ...only , let's just make it illegal for them  to donate to a political party. cool?
Planned Parenthood aren't the only ones that provide healthcare. That is like saying if Ford went out of business we would not have cars.
Thank you for fighting for women thank you thank you
No so. Just stop cutting up babies and cracking their little heads
A lot of shameful things going on -shameful unAmerican things
Really? Why did they have an excess of $30M to fund Hillary instead of helping women? #PlannedParenthood
It is documented that #PlannedParenthood has spent 50+% of budget supporting pro-abortion candidates. Some healthcare, eh?
You win @Twitter today.
Senator, I don't get it. Since all Americans are covered by Obamacare why don't these women use their ACA insurance?
I don't understand.  Planned Parent hood cant do abortions with government money and Obamacare provides the rest. Why do they need govt $$$?
Sen Dianne Feinstein I disagree with you. Please resign.We need to make California great again.P.s.tell your buddy Brown to resign as well.
Please introduce bill that allows states to decide if men can get prostate screenings and their prescriptions to Viagra. Need a few 2x4s.
but obummercare covers womens health so no need to fund abortions come on you know this stop lying
What percent of their $$ comes from govt??
"Health Care" is that how you sleep?
Can this be fought in court?????????? Please advise.
Thank you for doing what you can to sustain PP.
do something!
So much shameful stuff going on.
Healthcare as in ABORTIONS Dems lie about mammograms as PP doesn't do them
Doesn't Obamacare provide coverage for women's health?  Planned Parenthood can't use govt money for abortions. @potus
Keep up the resistance. Russian influence. Tax returns. No Gorsuch, no confirmations. Admin. Is tainted with corruption
It's time to clean the House (and Senate).
aren't people supposed to get great health care thru ACA, that wonderful piece of legislation you crow about? Who needs PP?
Don't you get it? They are immune to shame.
@SenFeinstein The Boys Club in DC doesn't give two winks about healthcare for women in this country. Facts are facts.
so true, I need birth control to keep the tumors away that grow on my ovaries. my health insurance won't cover it so PP gave me 6 free packs
I am a Planned Parenthood supporter and I thank you for your support. And, please vote NO on the Neil Gorsuch nomination. Thank you.
Well done VP Trump. Your wife must be so proud. #penceissatan
Good for her. They have no souls
Sickening that they would go after women health issues smh
Thank you for your vote and your service
Pence did it.
The billionaires @ the top are not concerned w/ the consequences.It doesn't affect them. But benefits them as a conservative favor(vote)owed
SANTA is making a list who is naughty / nice. Going 2-pass the list around during ANY election(there R openings right now).
Am worried about are teen girls who will not have any where to go
Shameful, thy name is Donald. @realDonaldTrump
@Rosie Remember Rosie also said she wanted to smear menstrual blood on Conservatives. Yeah she's totally mentally fit
Senator Feinstein, why is PP needed, when we have the ACA?
When I was a teen I worked full time I made $5 an hour & supported myself. Like many I was fending for myself. @PPact was my only healthcare
I will say it again. Politics is not abstract. It can be life or death. Education is a fundamental bedrock of functioning democracies.
@Rosie VERY SHAMEFUL!!
I'll give a donation right now if it can be in Pence's name and it will guaranteed go to women getting abortions.
Typical liberal. Does things only out of hate and spite. Good job
Coincidentally, this is the exact sort of thing that gives Ryan an erection.
Why do you call it "healthcare" when it has little to do with health? It's an abortion mill that the taxpayer should not have to support.
Shouldn't the same apply to men? O.K. no more prostate screenings..congress said so, pence voted yes + broke the tie.
you are not being honest with me or anybody else when you talk like this.
PP helped fund CA AG Xavier Becerra election campaign with thousands of $$.  Do you think that is shameful? #MAGA
ObamaCare covers everything.  Barack promised
With Obamacare you can't afford to go to the doctor. But you want funds for abortions.
Thank you for voting against this bill.
Diane? Defunding Planned Parenthood--Marginalized women who need health care the most are most affected. Shameful? Too soft! It is criminal.
Thanks Senator Feinstein! What we really need is for Democrats to re-take control of house and senate and we can save programs again.#2018
Everyone has access to health care now.  We don't need planned parenthood.
Oops...Did you forget that Obamacare should provide healthcare making Planned Parenthood moot?
Planned Parenthood should remain as a private charity and shouldn't be subsidized with tax money.
Standing up for women's healthcare MUST include standing against rape, harming children's health by forcing drugs against will
DISCOVERING OBAMA LABELING CIA SEX ABUSES AS PP -- IS SHOCKING
a few babies might not be murdered though....
Thank You! Now how do we get our environment, wildlife, science & arts back & safe?
there is always Obama care.
The future = Refugee women from states choosing not to fund PP to Cali & progressive states. Idiotic lack of planning by DT.
Thanks for voting NO!

thank you for everything you are doing 
no it means more babies won't be murdered
Limited access to family planning = more unexpected pregnancies and children in low income families. GOP wants babies but not support them.
, it's so sad and shameful
@CecileRichards @SenKamalaHarris @SenSchumer @alfranken @SenWarren we cannot defund PP
They don't care Ms. Feinstein.
That seems to be the goal of this administration. A war on women.
Thank you for voting against the bill.  So sad that it passed.
And there would be more abortions proving @GOP is a pro-abortion party.
@SpeakerRyan seems to hate women even though he was raised by one and is married to one...shameful, sneaky, unethical Ryan #vote2018 him out
@SenFeinstein Thank you!
Not as critical to some - but a lot of people who work for Planned Parenthood will lose their jobs as well

Like so many women, when I was younger, I could only afford PP for primary healthcare. Nothing to do with abortion. Access important!
I was expecting a more furious respond, Dem's are too nice
GOP does not care..right wing extremist party with a traitor in the WH. GOP deal. DT will sign anything. DT plunders US ok.
Unplanned Parenthood does not equal abortion.
Agree. What else can we do? @IndivisibleTeam
bullshit.
That is wrong the effect will be less dead babies
Reprehensible
Planned Parenthood contributing to campaign of California AG so he can prosecute right to life activist is disgraceful.
If too many poor people get sick or die, who will work for minimum wage? They need to think this one over a bit.
I'll give you a date if Roy Godson cannot... Active measures infrastructure started from 96', Y2K, 2008, 2015-16...
#RexRussia have been friends since Biggie and Tupac, 1996 - 2006 when Exxon grants Rex Tillerson dual-titles. Chair and CEO. #TrumpRussia 
It's call Obama care health insurance for all.
Thank you for trying to protect women's healthcare!!
Senator, do you not have enough blood on your hands?

#BabyKiller
Jail time finally
False. #DefundPP
That's Republican.
