Watching! Hold him accountable!
Russia interfered with our election to favor Trump.  We need another election based on that FACT. Does it matter  if Trump's campaign knew?
On an average how much money was spent in your  senate election? Honesty is not a convenience but must be a way of life.
I think she showed restraint, she has admitted there are no facts about collusion. Trust me I'm not a fan, but I do appreciate her restraint
That's what I mean, she didn't go into attack mode. Don't give me wrong Feinstein must retire
Should not have bothered to have staff wake you up. #Retire. You are simply 'past it.'
She doesn't need to be hyper-animated to do her job as a ranking Senate leader & she did her job today. She done 40+yrs public service--you?
We differ on whether she's doing her job. I find her to be weak, and ill-suited to the task. She should resign.
THE ONLY CRIMINALS EMERGING FROM THIS FARCE OF A HEARING ARE LYNCH, COMEY AND HRC!  YOU ARE SO CORRUPT!
There is a God, Sen. Feinstein, and you will answer for the charade! Why don't you go after Lynch and Comey for obstruction/leaking?
Just this morning, the Guardian has interviewed Richard Burt that Jeff Sessions did have two dinners with Jeff Sessions
He said he wants to be friendlier with Russia remind him he just said that under oath
Your line of questioning was incredible.  Again.
Great job with the questioning Senator.
You r always so elegant - you really should censure @kamalaharris. She is an embarrassment loud obnoxious unethical.
When someone asks me a yes or no question, I give a yes or no answer. Why can't these people do the same. This is OUR govt, we deserve it.
Can we question you on why the police force of your city kills countless black lives and you claim to care so much for them yet do nothing?
Feinstein is in her mid 80's and must Retire
Hope you're ready to question Loretta Lynch too
Why is it these committees seem to have no interest in actually investigating RUSSIA or hacking? I
YOU should have half the INTEGRITY and HONESTY as Jeff Sessions...he didn't DESERVE the BULLYING HE got at this HEARING!
What about questioning LORETTA LYNCH? GOOD GRIEF...why do Dems ALWAYS get a pass! Time to END this dog and pony show!
Comey clearly alleged that Lynch inappropriately colluded to cover up HRC investigation. Do your job.  Subpoena her
Why don't you question Lynch/Rice/Brennan/Power. After that try doing your job for the American people Healthcare/ taxes/infrastructure !!
His big boy pants are on fire..
Sessions must resign. He's a liar.
@SenFeinstein ask #sessions if he wrote letter 2 #DJT regarding clean slate he & Deputy AG by his admission discussed prior to appointment!
Perhaps its time 4 an updated avitar. A few years have passed since this one. Looks vein & dishonest not 2 use your current image.
Light his ass up Sen Feinstein!!!!
Thank you !
Sorry Sen Feinstein. You were not strong enough today when questioning Sessions. All Democrats need to be more aggressive and visible
Sessions took your 5 mins and you let him ramble nothings during your precious time. Ugh!
Well at least AG Sessions has proof, emails etc of what he says proving Comey lied. The entire narrative of Comey being scared, stunned BS
when I grow up, I hope that I could even be in the same league as you ...
Do you ever think about us? I'm here in California. Hello? Representing ME to the Senate? Or are u into @SenFeinstein?
I am definitely not a Democrat, nor am I a Republican, I would like to applaud you for being a lady and not attacking AG Sessions
So far the only criminals revealed from the Russian Investiga are Obstructionist Lynch,Spying Obama,Leaker Comey&Unmasker Rice
After a yr of Obama spying on Trump World, Dems got nothing but smearing innuendo,half truths&lies to demonize&undermine Trump
responding to his comment about the "honest and transparent" government maybe ask him about the non transparent healthcare bill ...?
Every intel chief said there was NO obstruction&NO collusion&Trump is no under invtestigation.Libs moved on to their next lie.
Every Tom Dick&Harry hacked us. Iran,China, Russia& Iran.I hope we are better protected now.Why werent before?
Obama created th collusion accusation2excuse his spying on&unmasking of TrumpWorld.Dems have used that lie to undermine @POTUS
What is the purpose of your ridiculous questioning? Why do you hate the Country that has given you so much?Thank God HRC lost....get over it
Youd get more out of your time if youd stop repeating yourself, stop clinging 2 thin air, recycling same song, 2nd verse. Nuthin 2 c here
# Stop Your Fishing Expedition Senator Feinstein. #Stop Your Witch Hunt Questions of Attorney General Jeff Sessions.
He wouldn't answer your questions!
Your like the rest of the cry baby Democrats... wake up, We Have a Great President! You need to worry about your Lack of Work!
That nasty little toady is lying, isn't he? While grinning and clearly enjoying a trolling opportunity.
Mic Drop Senator by the AG
You are doing a great job! Keep it up!
It's so wonderful to know you trust the NBC Nightly News! 
Doing an admirable job. Thank you for your leadership. #SaveOurDemocracy
Listening now. You go girl! #sessions sounds like such a liar!!!
Keep him accountable!
Miss Pee Pee Gate.  She wants more details bc she loves those golden showers.
So, he agrees that Comey was too hard on @HillaryClinton?
Donald never met an oligarch with $100 Million in laundered cash he didn't love. His bank account/debt situation was helped by Vlad Pals.
Go Senator! You are doing great!
What was his participation in the GOP platform change?
He is lieing
Of course you're "puzzled" - you're Dimm.
Donald invited Vlad to HACK! His multiple expressions of fondness for Putin suggest he made himself a desirable candidate. Draw bot support.
Make him squirm.
Seek the truth!
Did Sessions vow loyalty to Trump?
How can you even believe him????
Bring him down Senator Feinstein.  
Thank you Senator.  May we get a full account of every public official in DC from the Obama Administration forward who met with Kislyak?
I hope you tear him up. He's a terrible person.
Please remind him @SenFeinstein that in Oct.2016 @realDonaldTrump  encouraged a foreign intelligence agency to hack The United States 
He's lying like a rug. You and @KamalaHarris need to go after the Keebler Klansman. He would rather lock up POC than preserve sovereignty
Thank you Senator. Jeremy in 90012.
MY senator... go get 'em !! smarter than sessions by about 1,000
You're participating in a distraction while letting Senate Repubs gut healthcare - get your eye back on the ball!
where do all these old wrinkled demented men come from who try to meddle in politics?
Lotta ppl ask, do you have WiFi?  I say screw that.  Do you have DiFi? #Comey #RussiaGate #resist
Get em DiFi!!!!!
Don't hold back!!! GET TO THE BOTTOM OF THIS!!
And we are ready to hear his lies
Much rather see you people pass some bills instead of wasting tax payers  $
 Just saying.
The opening remarks is already geared to saying there is no there there.I turned it off.GET SESSIONS OUT,WE HAVE NO TRUST IN HIM.
Glad your there. Burr shook Sessions' hand, hugged his wife and gave an opening so bias, I no longer feel this cmte can perform it's invest.
Are you going to request he crack down harder on medical and legal marijuana states, add more prisons, bash more heads? I expect you to.
The Russia story is a made up witch hunt. No proof, no evidence. There is more proof HRC had Russian ties, uranium deal, Podesta.
When you guys come up with nothing, again, will you reimburse the taxpayers for all this time wasted on a Dem propaganda trail?
We will be watching! We do not trust corrupt Dems. If not given a fair hearing we will be in your face
Explain why you would allow cutting Federal funding in California to break the law & harbor illegal immigrants thriving off my paycheck
Go get him!!! He needs to be GONE!
Go get em !
Go get em Tiger 
70 million are READY 2question you & all .@TheDemocratsObama/Comey/Brennan Illegal political spying/unmasking #Montgomery
Ask good questions. We are watching.
Hope your better prepared than during the #SallyYates hearing, and more patriotic than during #ComeyDay
please out him Dianne as the liar he is and will go on being
Thank you, Dianne, for making sure that he is held accountable!
Please ask him how we can believe anything he says when he lied to the VP of the US.
And I'm looking forward to seeing you at work!
Do not believe anything he says, but validate it instead or assume he is lying in the default
Kick some ass Senator Feinstein! God bless you ma'am!
Isn't perjury reason to resign? (asking or a friend)
Go get him Senator! Don't back down on anything! Hit him hard!
Yeah! You go @SenFeinstein Power to ya!
Don't let him getaway with lying
Please hold him accountable. We can't forget that he lied to Congress and the American people
Hold him accountable. And if the menfolk interrupt, tell them to shut up, the smart women are talking now.
Please ask about Preet firing.. same pattern as Comey. Changing R platform on Russia with Kisylak at convention & Mayflower meeting.
You support Mueller in his drive to destroy this President for the TERRORIST. Muslim brotherhood trying to save ISIS. Have you NO SHAME?
#sessions is much smarter than you. Be careful for what you wish for because #Obama/Clinton will go down.
make California proud!
GET TO THE TRUTH...NO EXECUTIVE PRIVILAGE CRAP !!!
Bring it, Senator Feinstein!!!!
Ask him in no uncertain terms, "did you discuss your testimony and or questions with any Senator on this committee?"
That's a great one!!!!!
FIRST Question for Sessions: Has the President ever asked for your LOYALTY, in form or substance?
We need you now more than ever.
The working class doesn't care about Russia. They care about jobs. Trump is bringing jobs back from overseas. Dems are stuck on Russia.
