wow! You've helped pass some pretty shady bills. That's saying alot!
Please withhold consent, filibuster, whatever it takes to get the @GOP to show us the bill. This is too important; play hardball.
This is @SenFeinstein’s 25th year in the Senate.
This is the LEAST transparent process for a major bill I’ve seen in my Senate career. Everything behind closed doors. #Trumpcare
Don't let Repubs pass #AHCA. Withhold consent and filibuster by amendment until they #ShowUsTheBill & we get a #cboscore Counting on you
#snowflakes #CBOSCORE Snowflakes aren't stupid, they know a lot about what they know nothing about. Stop buying the "take care of me" myth..
Counting on you to pound the doors down, Senator!
Thank you for standing your ground against this unfairness known as the AHCA. Please know your constituents stand with you
"Just pass it so we can see what is in it"
are there any members of the @SenateGOP with any semblance of a soul? a heart? a thought about those they represent? #StopAHCA
@GOP seems to have a deal with Russia to destroy the USA from within via cruel policies that kill people. @GCHQ @FBI
Get your Amendment drafts ready-have sub-parts ready to insert key provision language! WE CAN DO THIS w/YOUR LEADERSHIP! Hang in there!
Trumpf & his adminis are corrupt! The moron can't read! Trumpf, the imbecile can't read it! They're all stingy, selfish, rich Thuglicans!
Bullshit. This is the repercussions you get for dingy Harry.
you have to pass it to find out what's in it
Did You forget "you have to pass the bill to see what's in it" for obamacare??
There needs to be term limits for all levels of government officials.
#irandeal
Trumped up care.  Please continue to fight, Senator!!!
Thank you for pressing for forthright leadership!
Assuming that the Iran deal is excluded then?
Sweet. Covert ops
Pure molasses transparency-wise, but working like greased lightning trying to ram this through.
Gee, isn't that EXACTLY what You did,? Now you complain?
Nearly as bad as your anti-drug act that has ruined lives for two generations.
Ahhhhh OBAMACARE 
The window to stop the fall of the USA from within is closing fast. Everyone is acting like it isn't happening. There is no resistance
Trump and his ilk care nothing for American citizens.
Really, how quickly you forget #ObamaCare
I agree & I don't particularly like U
There are evil men making policy. This country is devastated.
Stop it from happening
@SenWarren @SenSanders @SenSchumer. Find out where this secret healthcare cabal is meeting and BARGE IN.  
Do something!

There is no democracy in America anymore.
Why are they doing this?
#HoldTheFloor ! Thank you, Senator!
Can you change that?
Correction: #TrumpDontCare
#crookedgop #Trumprussia #corporategreed
The whole senate should vote no because of the horrible process.
I don't understand why the door can't just be broken down.Is this legal?  If it's not legal, can we get a lawyer? Why is this being allowed?
If you want to keep your doctor, you can keep your doctor.  If you want to keep your plan you can keep your plan.  You failed and lied.
How is this legal?
What are Repugs hiding from US? And why?
The Warmbier case... NK took him captive, beat him into a coma and sent home on the verge of death. RIP..Focus on that!
Do not allow this process to happen.  We deserve to know what the health care bill is
Don't talk about lack of transparency if you aren't including the past administration...how quickly you choose to forget
Sending gratitude to you. Sent emails to all the members in committee to release the bill.
17 emails on a Sunday.
We just want our democracy back.
Show us the damned bill, @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr. You are supposed to govern, not rule. This is un-American.
#ShowUsTheBill
This is unconscionable. Do what you can -- what you must -- to delay a vote.
Urging you to help stall the process in any manner you have the power to until after the recess so the voters can address this locally!
You should have supported #MedicareForAll and not some vicious warmonger, you corrupt right-wing corporatist.
THEN HAVE IT STOPPED
We're counting on you Sen Feinstein
#TrumpDontCare
Seriously what about Obama care?
Hillary didn't win. The rest of your life will be under Republican rule. Deal with it!!!!
What, you don't remember how Obamacare started behind closed doors for how many years
McConnell is leading this sneaky attack on our rights. The people of Kentucky should be outraged! They will be impacted and must call now!
This. Is. Not. Okay.
Show the newbies how legislating is done ,  Dianne!
you've got to be sh**ing me after what you did with Obamacare
That's funny.
Come on Diane not you too? I'm so saddened that you have now begun to lie also about ACA passage under Democratic control:-(
It's un-American and should be illegal
My stolen private property will no longer be used to fund #ACA #obamacare largest theft of private property @fanniemae @freddiemac in #usa
They must be stopped.  Can't wait for nov 2018. Bye bye Republicans.  #trumpcare sux
This isn't right! Please keep fighting the Republicans on this. Americans need quality, affordable health care.
#RESIST
Sleazy. This is the act of not only an ethically challenged caucus, but an ethically challenged party. Like watching Rome burn.
Quit whining and complaining, offer an alternative to AHCA - offer it NOW.  Lead. Put forth a Dem bill. Now. http://EasyFixObamacare.com 
Keep Fighting to make them release the full version. This is insane. #NOTOKAY
Every single bit of domestic policy making & every dollar donated should be *fully* transparent to the citizens who elect you people.
Just like obamacare "ma'am "
@GGinCHS And she's been in the Senate almost 25 years!
How close to an autocratic government are the USA Now???
Republicans can count my vote OUT in 2018.
And 'off-camera' press briefings? #ShowUsTheBill
So passing a bill to see what was in it is different? Please explain how. Either you or Pelosi are lying. Which is it?
It's only going to get worse unless folks begin to vote those people out of office. Vote health care, jobs, equality!
And the ACA was a tax increase...
They are thumbing their nose at the public who elected them, such blatant arrogance
WE.ARE.DOOMED. 
No public hearings. Vote No.
@SenateMajLdr take notice. A dignified and esteemed member of Congress is appalled by ur disrespectful approach to legislating.
That's how the GOP rolls. We need elected officials that will fight 4 the American people like @ossoff
What goes around, comes around Dianne ! Touché !!
#TheResistance #ObstructionOfJustice #ImpeachTrump  Please follow me !!!
#RepublicansKillCare
Please, please do all you can to stop this, Senator. I understand Dems are not in the majority, limited options, but please get creative!
@SenFeinstein Let's get that bill out in the open. They need to be transparent and not hiding behind closed doors. It's OUR plan not theirs
It's called keep the leaking, slimy demagogues OUT. That's what happens when opposition parties become resistance parties You EARNED this
do everything you can to get this in the open!
Then go slap McConnell on the back of his head and tell him to do the right thing!
Echoing my calls to the district office: Please filibuster by amendment and do everything you possibly can to stop this bill.
Also the worst administration in your career too. Thankful CA has you and @SenKamalaHarris representing us! Keep up the good fight!
We are relying on you to stop the madness!
Utterly despicable and unacceptable!
We have your back, Senator Feinstein. Do you have ours?
They should all be thrown out of office!
You guys didn't pass health care bill openly either. Then signed it without reading it. Your turn.
They don't care about the people. The only folks in the know are the donors most likely
Then go start barging in. You have the right.
This is NOT acceptable!
You mean #trumpDOESNOTcare
Should be against the law! This is yet another broken honor or civility or respected tradition in our government. Damit!
The GOP understands that they are acting like thrives i the night. If they emerge and try to ram this through, the nation will be repulsed.
Please share our project to collect 1000+ stories from real, live constituents about to lose their insurance!
Hold the floor! Filibuster by Amendment! Fight! If they're going to call Dems obstructionist anyway, might as well do it to save lives.
Federal gov is supposed to stop monopolization not inact it! Dems want 1 payer, this is why they are not invited-rightfully so!
pharmaceutical sales calls are another unsoken thing in a similar quandry
Completely disgusted.
Kind of reminds you of a South American country, we're headed from 1st world to 3rd World... dictatorship.,.
What can we do about it?
Call her or your Senator and tell them to filibuster by amendment! There are procedural fights!
The Democrats are the only ones to be trusted. Rethugs want to sabotage the welfare of millions of Americans. Heartless!!
It's not right when either side does it.
When will the Senate be voting on the bill Dems have been working on because they know that Obamacare has collapsed?
And what exactly can we do about it? Midterms will replace many but will there ever be enough for single payer? It's the real answer.
#WITHHOLDCONSENT @SenFeinstein Thank you for all you do. Our most vulnerable Americans depend on you; We all do.
PLEASE STOP IT.
How #transparent are you regarding your Healthcare Insurance and Pharmaceutical Industry #donations as you kneecap #SinglePayer! #bought
Dianne remember Polosy said we must pass ACA to learn what is in the plan. Well we must pass the republicans plan to learn also.
I urge you to use extreme measures to stop this, Senator. @SenKamalaHarris @alfranken @senschumer @SenatorDurbin @SenateDems
That's the new MO!!!
Including the @PressSec daily briefing.  Somebody get the fire axe out and break the damn doors down.#transparency
Why is your profile pic so white? Your lack of diversity is very troubling.
Very sad....& frightening!
Maybe while you're waiting you can get a water bill passed multiple times by the house through the senate. #multitasking
Or the ACA
I know you and Senator Harris will vote against it.

Are there NO ways to force this into the open for review?
There are things they can try to force McConnell's hand - withholding consent on the Senate floor, and filibuster by amendment!
TPP
