Why do you think it is hard to vote ? I get up I go to my voting district and I register, show my voting ID, and then vote. Sounds easy.
"Voter ID" laws are explicitly _designed_ by GOP politicians to make it hard for people to vote - and specifically likely-Democratic voters.
Example: Texas.
Gun permit ID => accepted as "voter ID".
UT student ID => not accepted as "voter ID".
Gun permit holders more older white people => more likely to vote GOP.
UT students younger, more POC => more likely to vote Democratic.
The purpose of "voter ID" laws is partisan - and often explicitly racist - voter suppression.  Politicians who pretend otherwise are lying.
"voter ID" laws deny hundreds of thousands of Americans their right to vote, by effectively applying a poll tax (the cost of a new ID).
Such laws and other forms of voter suppression must not be accepted by anyone.
Maybe we just need a better way of being identified, ie fingerprint, or any other way that is unique to all.
Go for it; we have your back
Then a minority party would lose control....silly
I AGREE 100%!!!! THANK YOU!!!!
LA HAS 140% MORE VOTERS THAN THEY HAVE ACTUAL PEOPLE OF VOTING AGE...RIGHT NO NEED FOR REFORM
I agree. I will vote Democratic in 2018 to help it happen.
TRUE! BUT YOU'RE NOT GOING TO GET THE #NAZIS IN THE OTHER PARTY TO GO ALONG WITH IT. YOU GUYS BETTER START TAKING THESE #NAZIS SERIOUSLY!!!
Hello, San Diego County has 136% MORE registered "voters" than residents eligible to vote! Clean THAT up first.
It's fine the way it is ,  work on health care for those that can't afford to use it  please
All you want is for the illegal Mexican welfare seekers ro be able to vote for all you pencil neck bunny huggers without any problems.
That's right make it easier
No , what you want comrade is make it easier for illegals to vote. Cut the Bull Shit!
Can we ditch the electoral college too ?  Should be one person one vote. Popular winner wins.
Easy to end vote suppression games by making voting mandatory like it is in Australia & Ecuador. How important is democracy for The world?
WE NEED ID CARDS TO VOTE. Verify citizenship. SOFT DEM. liberals soon will allow ILLEGALS TO VOTE. Then ALL HELL will break lose.
You want to perpetuate the deep seeded fraud democrats have built into the system.
Senator, you of all people know why the GOP wants to suppress voter turnout & bar pathways to citizenship for brown & black skin people
We need to update these before the 2018 elections
UH OH!
AMERICANS! LEGAL AMERICANS. THAT IS THE KEY WORD
Stop spreading lies! Voting is as easy as going to the grocery store.
Key word AMERICANS. But that's not what u really care about is it.If u wanted AMERICANS to have a vote u'd support voter ID.&Eliminate fraud
At least put back what Republicans took out!
Unless their objective is to destroy the republic.
Then get to it already!  Please, we don't have much time.
Love my state: MAINE! Same day voter registration. Show up at city polling loc, give name verify addr. Get ballot vote& into reader. #Dirigo
Stop Trump from using nukes!
@SenFeinstein @SenKamalaHarris Please remember also that disabled ppl esp. POC, have extra challenges. Advocates can help! @CripTheVote
The key word here being; AMERICAN
Thank you!
2. But the total exclusion/denial of EASY VOTING  ITEMS LIKE MAIL-IN AND ELECTRONIC, EXPANDED VOTING HOURS/DAYS AND SAME DAY REGISTRATION.
1. VOTING SUPPRESSION is so exposed as obvious for the atrocity it is  not so much for the "safe identification" obstacles they included..
Make voting mandatory.
#RestoreTheVOTE #medicare4all
2 hrs later : [harder for] African Americans, Latinos, students and low-income Americans to vote.  Translation, "Americans"= caters to base
Americans not illegals!!
You are working the wrong point. We need our voters to be legal voters. We don't want illegals or Russians interference in our elections.
All too often vulnerable Americans senior citizens minority and women are intimidated not to vote or to vote for someone they do not like
Dems can't just rely on sweeping legislation. They need to battle at every level to roll back the voting restrictions imposed by the GOP
Never thought that these corrupt republicans would try to take voting rights away from people.  Now we know where they stand.
@POTUS @seanhannity  @WilkowMajority let me help. It's very easy. Take your picture ID to polling place and cast your ballot
Perhaps if you're plain lazy or stupid, you should not be voting anyway.
Trump just changed the voting right Act last November with russias help that's how he became our fake president
Forget making it easy. Let's make it mandatory. I'm sick of hearing people whine about politics even though they never vote.
We need a national voting day.  Where no one has to work.  A holiday to participate in our democracy.
Good !  Now block Sinclair expansion
#SecureTheVote too
#HandCountBallots #DNCFraudLawsuit
Let's start with California on voter fraud and Medicaid... what do you say Dianne ???
Voter ID
Need voter ID.
Your making it easier for non Americans to vote.  Get real! Get honest! Get out of politics!  Your not helping real Americans anymore
*You're x 2
Pretty easy to vote if u are legal
You want all ur illegals to vote. It already easy to vote Dianne
I wish to thank you for asking the questions that patriots should be asking of those connected to Alfa Bank https://www.buzzfeed.com/amphtml/zoetillman/a-top-justice-department-nominee-shared-new-details-about …
Make it easier but require picture ID...
I've been voting for over 20 years.  It's never been difficult. Not even when I was stationed in Japan.  You're  so full of it Senator!
Get rid of the Electoral College we should never go through this again Hillary won. He stole it
We must make sure those who can legally vote do. Not deceased or non citizens.
It's highly likely that significant voter fraud exists.  Let's protect the vote by verifying identification of those who vote.  Fight fraud.
So illegal aliens can vote for you? Really Dianne!!!
@GOP will block you at every turn. Cheating is the only way they "win."
It's terrible to fight AGAIN for the right to vote. Many fought, even died, for this right. Makes me crazy...like we're starting over.
Voter Issues to Address Yesterday:
1/ Gerrymandering; Voter Suppression; Ban Electronic Voting machines; Voter receipts available...
2/ Voter Issues to Address Yesterday:
...No Electoral College; Repeal Citizens United;Discredit/dismantle Fake News #Rx4Voting
3...cybersecurity, automatic registration, same day voting, weekend voting, more polls!! #Rx4Voting
4/...Any nominee must PASS:
*Psych eval
*Civics test
*History test
*Security Clearance
And must RELEASE:
*All Tax returns
*Business holdings
What else? #Rx4Voting
 I think you covered it.
Get rid of the Electoral College while you're at it, please.
Why don' you do like they do at the DMV. Have a relative stand next to them and give them the answers. Then give them welfare.
With Weekend voting, make vote day a paid holiday and no excuse for employee's not given paid time off to vote-however long that takes.
The emphasis s/b on Americans, on that we can agree. I really do feel bad having to agree with you.
Lions and tigers and bears.  Lions and tigers and bears
You need to have something to prove your identity. If not people could vote for others. Do you know everybody in CA by their face?
Americans need to provide ID for SS, DL etc...the voting thing is a chirade purpetrated by the Dems to illegally increase their base.
Stop stealing tax payer $$ to pay out illegals $190,000
She doesn't want to make it hard for illegals. The voting rights act already addressed minority voters. I don't see a problem.
it's not hard you go to the polls and vote there every where.Your voting papers you get tell you where to go.stop lying about this
Madame Sen,might I suggest going to paper voting. Canada didn't get hacked for that reason. Russia can't hack paper. Good luck
Thanks to so many ppl who fight here for freedom/democracy against Trumps idiocracy. If actors like Piper Perabo or unknown. All are heroes
We need IQ tests so we don't get stuck with another sh!tty president like Trump. Js
As long as with valid ID
I have never met anyone who couldn't get to a polling place.
I agree.  Harder for illegal aliens (undocumented immigrant, extranjeros ilegales, الأجانب غير الشرعيين, onwettige immigrante) non-vetted.
Yes, AMERICAN CITIZENS! Such a privilege we should protect it every chance we get. Legal citizens, no falsely registered.
All Americans Should AUTOMATICALLY Be Registered To Vote When They Turn 18. They can choose their party or register as independents.
What would a legal resident have to hide by not wanting to identify their name and address?
Gerry-mandering and targeting are just two reasons.
Copout!  I could easily vote twice in my district.   The ladies at the booth try to be helpful, but they can easily be fooled.
how can it be any easier?
You're using the voter machines to corrupt California and here's why see the people in California on the streets.
You should legally vote...! Be a citizen of the United States! What is California afraid of?
Third world countries where babes are born at home have more stringent voter ID laws. People don't value what they're not invested in
We do need to make sure that ONLY those who are legal and alive vote. And only once. Non citizens should never have the right.
It's not hard for citizens to vote senator. If someone can legally vote no one is stopping them.
Yes this is so ridiculous and all those make up stories about voting fraud all his lunatic head yes with the people that voted for him fraud
There should not be no one single military person on the street or struggling in any way shape or form along with the other people as well
It's the truth thanks
If the politicians are for the people than in God's name why is there any homeless people from the military not getting help money sad
Have you ever noticed all politicians say we're here for the people and yet people are starving and living on the street
Money money money money get the idea
Money always wins people like myself and others always lose or struggle so bad
Absolutely! This is vitally important. Thank you!
Mail in voter system similar to Oregon...it works, and we can vote in our PJs
Dont you mean make it easier for illegal aliens to vote? Say what you mean do't dance around the issue any more, MOST of us know already.
No we want to look into voter fraud & ID to vote!
We do not want to be like Venezuela like you Dems want to be
As long as they are legal.  Show id
well you're right a lot of illegal ALIENS are voting very easily, thanks
I know how to fix it... voter I.D.!
Yes you hit it on the head AMERICANS !!! Voter I.D. and have at it . Easy as that.
You're pathetic.
Yes Americans not everybody.
Dear Dianne - looking at all the illegals who would vote democratic? Trump's no fool. He's preparing for 2020.
Jim Crow dies hard in America
It is easy for Americans to vote, it's the undocumented facing trouble.
Simply showing a valid ID is not that difficult.  Protects both parties.
You want illegals to vote liberals in to give tax payer money to illegals.
Also want to know that all votes cast count. Please check out uncounted votes in Michigan.
Thank you.  I'm very concerned about the redistricting Rep have done in Texas.
Clean the voter rolls create a system of proof then make voting as easy as ordering pizza!! @TheDemocrats are scared to do that!! Why?
BC they have no problem with non citizens voting. If you're not a legal citizen u don't vote!
Amen!! I'm totally against suppression but at the same time only people who are LEGALLY allowed to vote should vote!!
Voter ID! If you needed it for Insurance, that is mandatory, you should require it to vote
Exactly!  Please continue speaking out for all Americans,  all voices count in the land of the free!
American citizen would be a welcome distinction.  Require ID , no more illegal aliens or dead people voting please.
Thank you senator just be sure he never gets a hold of our info!
Hey Dianne 
I need a Legal ID as an American Citizen to buy Sudafed OTC let alone RX pain killers so Everyone should have LEGAL ID to Vote!
Make it so ONLY verified US Citizens can register to vote & IDs are verified at the polls.
Agreed!  We should have #AutomaticVoterRegistration in more states, more polling places, and more #EarlyVoting days.
save it lady.....letting illegals vote is a goal of the left...don't trust you....

There needs to be a rule for all members of congress and Senate to only hold US citizenship. No dual citizens.
Potential conflict of interest, imagine the perception if we had in House or Senate now a dual Russian. No offense to ANYONE-but sanctions?
key word Americans.... How is having to show photo ID a problem????
One possible place to restore voting rights, Senator?
(See e.g., http://www.ncsl.org/research/elections-and-campaigns/felon-voting-rights.aspx … HT NCSL.)
Just some food for thought.
I wonder if the the Republicans want more people to vote? When more people turn out they lose. The GOP can only win when they cheat
Why don't we go to mandatory voting & make it government's responsibility to make sure everyone is registered and votes!#Australia
Scary, very scary, not all people are emotionally, mentally or intellectually fit to vote.  But anyone can run LOL
So photo ID
Key word there is "Americans"

Not illegals and not dead people
Between a lack of voter accessibility, the gerrymandered districts, and the electoral college, this is why Americans do not vote. #apathy
Can you guarantee only those eligible to vote are the ones that vote, and that only one vote is cast? If not, then we need #VoterID
Show me evidence that people want to vote but don't because it's too hard. People aren't dumb. They know how to vote and where to go.
Need to hurry and straighten out all this voting suppressing,  gerrymandering and rigged machines before 2018!!!
@TomPerez @SenSchumer no new better deal matters if our vote doesn't count OR if Kochs steal more elections @ACLU
Voter ID!!!!
GOP doesn't have any great ideas that will include all our citizens so they need to get less people to vote especially minorities!
It must not be too difficult HRC got more votes than there were voters in many places
This is true.
Thank you!!! Please try to do this!
