Bob Mueller has a conflict of interest his ex employee and good friend is at the middle of part of this investigation. Firing him is right
Bullshit. The man is admired by both parties as was Comey. Just admit you oppose the investigation because Trump ejaculates in your mouth.
No I don't oppose the investigation. It does not matter if he is admired so was Comey once. It is a conflict of interest. Get someone else
Where's the conflict? They're friends? Please.
No sane prosecutor would agree that an attorney should be involved in the investigation where his friend is in conflict with others involved
Have you ever been in a courtroom? All prosecutors are friends with all defense attorneys. They work together every day.
I thought Mueller was someone that idiot Trump couldn't fire! How will anything get done if that moron gets to fire everyone coming for him?
Ms. Feinstein please try to keep a level of  integrity and not believe what you're hearing on the news, call & ask the President.
If Mueller is who he says he is. He would recuse himself! But we know he is working with Queasy Comey!
I don't believe you would ever recover mentally, I hope he does it 
That is a good thing. They r just basketball players they r nothing special
AG Sessions should never have recused himself. Then Asst AG would not be there to appoint his buddy Mueller & Comey best buddy. Very bad
Make sure this doesn't happen.It's about time to sign a bill and demand the special prosecutor to be independent&report or befired by Senate
It's also not true & been debunked.
But you're secretly telling this tale just to cast shade.  Nice try but futile.
Who did you hear it from, CNN??? Fake...Comey's buddy Mueller & his team investigating does raise red flag however.
@SenFeinstein drank the same Punch  as the rest of the CA DEM rep's .. DISILLUSIONAL!!
Wrong and catastrophic is equally applicable to the President.
That means Mueller must be doing his job. When will your Republican colleagues do what's right?
If he does that. It is a sure sign of obstruction. There's no other conclusion.  IMPEACHMENT is the only thing to do at that point.
Unfortunately, wrong and catastrophic just seems to feed the beast. We keep thinking this is the last outrageous act....
Loretta Lynch and Andrew McCabe MUST be investigated for #ObstructionOfJustice 

Lady Liberty CANNOT Dismiss these Crimes-MUST HAVE JUSTICE
Who'd you hear it from?
There is a conflict of interest. He met with Comey to help him with his testimony, friends for years makes him biased. Asst AG also a friend
Do not fall for the fake news stories.
Did you hear that from CNN or MSNBC?
That's why Special Prosecutor is needed so Trump can't fire.
What are you prepared to do if it happens?
I Hope SO! America Will Benefit!
Where did you hear it from? CNN's unnamed source? Such lies!
When will the Republicans finally see and announce that their emperor has no clothes????
Why didn't u prosecute #hillaryclinton who sold most of our uranium 2 Russia & leaked top secret info on her illegal private server?
You're repeating #FakeNews
Clear conflicts of interest in the case & the entire reason for the Counsel is now suspect 

This is NOT RIGHT 

Special Counsel should END
Stop spreading rumors you wench
Surprised you were not aware of the ability to fire Mueller.  Sadly, he can't, but I don't trust his closeness to Comey & reputation of FBI.
Trump clearly doesn't want to Russia investigation to continue. Hmmm I wonder why??? The question is what are we going to do about it???
And it's just a symptom of the bigger problem. Trump is a con artist and is corrupt. His whole cabinet is corrupt. What is he hiding?
It looks very bad. Clearly a conflict of interest for Mueller & Asst. AG. Their friendships go back years. How can they be unbiased ?
Why is Mueller adding Dem Donors to his staff & HRC foundation Attorney. Sounds like they are setting up a lynching. 3 buddies of deep state
So, Trump should just allow Mueller with his seedy Clinton Foundation appointed lawyers to railroad him?
So you do not care about any conflict of interest?  I'm not surprised. Have you looked yourself in the eyes lately.  Cant do it can you?
Let him fire Mueller. Then you and your colleagues in congress can re - enact the Special Counsel Statute, and appoint him yourselves.
Stay on top of this Senator.
How so? Are we getting our money's worth with him?
and what will you do?  I hope the response is to shut down the Senate; same for healthcare bill; shut senate down until open hearings
Wrong again! You are mostly wrong.
Actually it would be a smart move as he is clearly biased, friends with Comey & 4 of his 1st appointees are democrats that donated to O & H
Are you trying to stir the pot more? We are sick of you all shaping what the voters should think.
This is a healthcare pivot by Bannon
YOU are wrong and catastrophic for #California and the USA
You biased and dishonest. Comey is connected to Mueller. Not impartial. Conflict of interest. Should resign
Say wha..? More of my $$ trying to hobble my president? Come on Feinstein, take off your partisan hat.
Where are the tapes? Time for @SenateDems to "Go low". Taste of their own medicine
So in other words, he is likely to do it.
Sometimes I think Trump/GOP aim to tear this country apart.  Villains.
Mueller and Comey = real colousion. Also, as @newtgingrich uncovered, Mueller has stacked his staff with Dem lawyers. Not impartial. Fire!
Irresponsible to say you "heard" that. Where did you hear that?
When you listen closely to the press conference with the President of Romania, in which the reporter stated that Comey had stated under oath
that Trump had asked for a pledge of loyalty, I think Trump thought he said that Trump had asked him to take a pledge of loyalty under oath.
In response to the question asking POTUS if he was willing to testify under oath, Trump answered without letting the full question register;
Trump quickly answered, "100%", but then, as the reporter followed up, Trump ALSO sought to clarify, saying, "Did you say, 'under oath'?" It
was as if the "under oath" part of the original question just became clear to him...Then, in his answer to the follow up question, Trump's
misunderstanding (or effort to obfuscate?) was obvious in the wording of his protestations, as he kept denying having asked Comey to "pledge
allegiance under oath...Who would ask someone to pledge allegiance under oath?" He didn't quite get...or wanted his followers not to get...
the point that the OATH part of  the questioning was how Comey testified...as if Trump was aware AFTER THE FACT that he had promised "100%"
Lying, obstructing, collusion, cover-ups - if the evidence is there, go after after Trump, & Pence & Sessions as well. Where there's smoke..
So glad 2 hear  Rosenstein testify that he is the acting AG on this. Only he can fire Mueller. Not r ILLEGITIMATE @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
You should have fired him yesterday.
Then you'd be like, I just heard the president Trump fired Mueller
Mueller is hiring people for the investigation that donate to the Democrats and to the Clinton Foundation.

How can that be non biased
Nope would be awesome.  It's a set up that we hoped won't fall for.
You heard??? You're now basing decisions on hear-say and not facts.... Great example of leadership and how to make decisions.......
People with dyed whole world will come to an end.
Rumor got us all not talking about healthcare.
So having a personal, or even business friend investigating is fair? Really? I guess impropriety doesn't matter? As long as it serves DEMS
Agree.  Need some Republican leadership to say that too.  Like mitch McConnell and Paul Ryan.
u ARE A BOT... Cromar
He's a buddy of James Comey! He won't be fair and unbiased! Another dirty trap by the Deep State
This ultra left wing liberal against something  a Republican would do or say I am so surprised. not
Please stop him. Surely there are a few sane Repulicans left who can see how wrong this would be.
And on what grounds?  Has Mueller released something I've missed?
Which fake news outlet did you hear it from?
what is your plan to fight AHCA?
Don't respect your point of you Diane
PUULLLEEEZZZEEE ask the HARD questions today. Stop pussyfooting around his henchmen. Was 45 meeting with the Russians at the Mayflower?
Wrong, catastrophic &... how 'bout: need to let this WH know we will not stand for this obstruction of justice!"?.
Your question about #TrumpRussia investigation taking too long. Remember Benghazi?! Don't rush it. Let them do their work please. @SenateGOP
What is catastrophic is the state of Ca. You will be bankrupt soon and you want single pay healthcare? lol
Why not?  These Russian investigation are trumped up by the left  & DEMO to discredit the Pres. To date, there has no foundation. S/b closed
Furthermore, with Comey/Muller prior relationship has discredited Muller's loyalty&motive. He should recuse himself from this investigation.
Why do you continue to get up & believe anything you hear on the news. Most of it is completely false. I'm sure you have dealt with that too
Sad but true. Considering trump is president, anything is possible to happen. His actions/words shouldn't surprise anyone anymore.
Take a nap, Dianne! #Retire #TermLimits
We love you, Diane. You are, indeed, a Great American Hero! Thank you
False Just confirmed in the Appropriations hearing...
So you heard a media outlet pulling thoughts out of thin air and decided to take it seriously without verification. That's catastrophic.
I "hope" that the House and Senate will not allow this to happen.
disagree
I heard Rosenstein testify about 20 minutes ago that it's untrue. I think you heard the same thing. Why not be honest instead?
It would make the case against Trump stronger!
Fake News ! Fake News ! Dianne shame on you for this irresponsible statement !!! Reallly ??? Term limits !!!
You're a pathetic, irresponsible demagogue. But you already knew that.
This is a smokescreen Diane.  Will you and your cohorts please get back to work on the real issues.
That was taken out of context from an interview with Chris Ruddy. He even said that Trump didn't say it. I'm not a Trump supporter either.
Another in our continuing series of wrong & catastrophic decisions by the President*.
why?  It's been established that Comey triggered it by leaking memos, then admitted Trump isn't under investigation.
Like everything else he's done thus far.
Rumor.
I heard yesterday that mad @MaxineWaters has 200,000 invested in RUSSIA ,a retirement investment. Let's investigate THAT
We need an #IndependentCommission
That would be catastrophic for the Clintons
Wrong and catastrophic - in other words, pure Trump.
Did you also hear that your own chamber is about to vote to repeal #ACA? Why not tweeting abt that? WTF are you doing abt it???
Let him do it. Maybe that would be the straw.
We need an independent commission now. Time to remove his ability to further obstruct.
Not really, Mueller is Comey's best bud. Plus, all his team are democrats that gave money to Hillary. 97% of money was from DOJ. It's a trap
I'm sorry, are your surprised? Are you in any way shocked by this possibility? Do. Something.
If true, he exudes guilt!  Why not follow through with the investigation?  Bizarre isn't it?
Don't let them pass AHCA. People's lives are at stake. They're not a gambling chip for the fortunes of the Democratic party in 2018.
When the entire GOP congress doesn't play by the rules,how can we still be expected to?
Presidents shouldn't have executive power to fire people like this.
I hEaRd bOb MUeLleR iS cOnsIdErInG FiRInG doNaLd DucK
Would be where the rubber hits the road and both parties will be forced to UNITE. If not, clear to voters @GOP choosing #CountryOverParty
#MAGA Morons Are Governing America! #ImpeachTrump
We need to influence the few GOP statesmen/women who are willing to put country over party. You have seniority and influence. We need you!
Trump is preparing for what he must do to obstruct justice. We must fight at every twist and turn against all who are complicit. #TrumPutin
What are you doing to stop trumpcare from passing?
why catastrophic? when Mueller is fired will a volcano erupt? or are you fear-mongering?
By the way there was never a conversation about firing Mueller. It's a rumor.
I kinda hope he does? It might help #ImpeachTrump @RepAdamSchiff @SenKamalaHarris @NancyPelosi ... Reinstate S.C. and hire him back?
So what are you going to do about it? Your words are hollow.
Heard the same thing.  That's kind of raising a flag.
A double whammy! Wrong AND catastrophic! He does have that right though....
DeputyAG Eisenstein just said in Appro Comm. that Muller basically has full independece....so he can't be fired.
Rosenstein
What is Congress going to do about the possibility?
Yet, consistent with his obstruction of Justice... No one is above the LAWS of OUR LAND.
Fake news but if I was him, I would fire the political hack
AND Maybe if we knew what was on Debbie Wasserman Schultz laptop we could get to the bottom of this nonsense! eh?
And NOW we know why Debbi Wasserman Schultz wants her laptop back from Capital Hill Police. https://twitter.com/SSReaney/status/867700922956361728 …
You can't fire the #truth
Yes it would
No senate business until there are public hearings for the ACHA. The lack of transparency is dangerous and irresponsible.
if he does, what are you going to do about it?
Also wrong & catastrophic - allowing the work on the ACHA to continue on in silence - speak out against this travesty!
It was never a healthcare system. A ponzi scheme.
What if Mueller is biased as good friend of Comey? At least replace.
He'd be writing his own ticket to impeachment hearings if he tried it. I'm sure he knows that.
Since when? Donating to a political party doesn't make one illegible to conduct investigations or file paperwork.
If he was receiving donations from Dems, then yes, it would be.

