Mazel Tov
Thank you!!
Thank you for your continued leadership and above all your heart!
And hopefully Trmp Admin will soon follow to that history dustbin-
Thank you for standing against this terrible bill.
Your killing us. Lost everything due to a knee injury my job my car I'm in debt for er care can't feed my kids. I blame you and Obama care.
did she read it????

Christohobic US senator tries to apply a religious test on judicial nominee. Christophobia has no place in America http://www.wnd.com/2017/09/top-democrat-defends-grilling-trump-nominee-about-faith/ …
Just another piece of rubbish in the grand dumpster fire that is this presidency.
Please help Puerto Rico.  No water, electricity.... Disease can set in.  It is a big mess & needs our attention.
With the witholding of $400,000,000 in Koch $$, expect the Senate Rs to try, try, again.
We also will remember Dem's didn't lift a finger to help the AMERICAN people. #demexut
@jaketapper  don't gloat, ACA is still broken and I'm more not seeing too much from Team Dem.
Now we need to get funding for ACA so premiums don't skyrocket for all. Tough road ahead.
hope so and they don't surprise all on friday
And you don't give 2 sh*ts people are suffering under ObummerCare.
Each GOP plan seems to be worse
A grateful nation thanks you Senator Feinstein
No they don’t, Dalrymple.
I wish the same could be said for Obamacare which represents one of the biggest lies the Democrat Party has perpetrated on this nation.
Im dying proof of that.8 yrs of no insurance.ER visits which usually made it all worse.Over 30+ c-t scans a year(dangerous in itself).APATHY
Yep and ObamaCare has been hung squarely around the Democrats necks so wear it! it'll be fun to watch it sink you guys
Now we can concentrate on consigning Trump to the dustbin, Senator, where he truly belongs, and where he is long overdue. Thank you again.
Meanwhile, #Obamacare #ACA continues its devastation of the middle class.
How does Sen Feinstein know it's in the dustbin of history. Oh ya, that's where she resides.
Now if we can get the ACA there too, we may have a chance.
Wish you were consigned to the dustbin where you belong.
I wish you were too!
Can you help push Senate/house leadership to work in a bipartisan manner to #FIXACA?
want to bet, sooner/later, once the GOP gets rid of some of its dead weight, and what health plan have you put forth or what plan do u have
And Obamacare will soon join Graham Cassidy.
Until they add it to the tax reform bill.
Thank you a Senator!  Glad we killed the bill!
DiFi is likewise nearing the "dustbin of history", being faced with the need to retire to another role in life. Give us a break.
"Thank God the public is so stupid" - Jonathan Gruber, creator of Obamacare.
#Obamacare does too.
Not considered Dead until Sunday, October 1st.

Also, LEGALIZE CANNABIS. Get with it, Feinstein. YOU know it's medicine & Israel EXPORTS IT.
Oh you actually read this one or did someone write you some talking points?
There is room in there for you too!  Dive in!
Stay alert! It ain't over.
Wrong..
But still keep an eye on the back doors.
Yeah, but now can you do something about this terrifying nuclear threat?  Seriously.
Just so
@BillCassidy : oh no another defeat for Trump cronies, locker talking bigots; get out of senate now
For the time being before the GOP tries to pull another DeathCare stunt in the near future. Now they'll work on screwing up taxes!
U also belong in the dustbin of history.
Long live Obamacare!  Well, at least until it goes bankrupt.
Thank you, Senator Feinstein!
Thank you!!!! Now, Medicare for all, please!
You misspelled Medicaid.
Yay!!!! My signature matters
That is, until next year if we don't get on the ball for 2018 midterms.
Now there needs to be SERIOUS bipartisan work for best health plan possible!! Good job to keep G/C from happening.
You are disturbed if you think Obama Care ruining all Americans who work and their health care plans a, "good thing"
NFN, but there's still plenty of roomnon the dustbin for Obamacare.
That's a relief! Thank you for your hard work, Senator.
The Washington DC politicians need to be consigned to term limits ! Your failure to do your job needs to go down in the dustbin of history!
Shortly behind that is the Democratic Party and Obamacare--right where it belongs! 
Thank you for your passion when it comes to doing the right thing.
Thanks for all your help with this, Senator!
you should retire :)
Thanks for all your hard work. Now, #ImpeachTrump
Yes we can! Yes we did!
Thank you!!!
Now can congress: develop a better healthcare plan, send immediate help to Puerto Rico & USVI and impeach and indict Trump? Thanks!
Alternatively we could flush it. 
Please put a wooden stake through it before that dustbin is emptied.
You're so cool @SenFeinstein!!! I'm so proud that you are my senator!! Thanks for fighting for us every day!
How great is it that Republicans stand up for what they believe.  Too bad your party didn't do that. Next O-care goes to the dustbin.
Thank you for making sure all Americans have access to healthcare!
Ignorance is shown by one who does not realize that those without insurance DO already have access to healthcare. Think about it.
Cam I get on congress healthcare plan? Evidently the ACA is not good enough for you and staffers but fine for me! Hypocrite
For the time being
Feinstein completely surprised you would bring up Dustbin I'm thinking more like you're a dirtbag
Thank you & others showing #Leadership by exercising the right to vote, freedom & choice to do what you believed was the right thing to do.
It's not over. They will keep trying until they pass some piece of shit bill that F's the poor
"I am game for its crooked jaw, and for the jaws of political Death too, Captain Ahab, aka Paul @SpeakerRyan
Thank you Senator Feinstein! Republicans can't govern like Democrats. @POTUS should work more often with you.

SENATOR WHEN I SAID THE POPE IS THE ANTICRIST HE THEN TWEETED12TIMES CONTINUESLY!
The deposit.
You mean September 2017's dustbin of history.
WHY WOULD HE ERASE TWO TWEET THAT PROVE HE IS ON THE SIDE OF THE CHURCH OUR ENEMIES AND WHEN I SAID THE POPE IS THE ANTICRIST HE TWEETED++
Me thinks you are on the wrong thread......

Sorry...... I said...

ME THINKS YOU ARE ON THE WRONG THREAD
Now don't let them breathe. Push push push to fix the problems with ACA.
Don't bet on it.
