(2/3) DeVos has a long history of opposing strong oversight and accountability. This is deeply troubling to me.
(3/3) DeVos has never worked in a classroom and has no background in public education. I don’t believe she’s the right person for the job.
hey! You vote on issues in areas you have no knowledge of. So tell me again how career public school bosses have improved PS?
THANK YOU!
thank you!!
@potus Finally we have someone who isn't bought and paid for by the horrible teachers unions! I support DeVos.
thank you #StopDeVos #HoldTheFloor
Thank you thank you!
welcome to #TheResistance. We've been waiting for you.
.@SenFeinstein Thank you, Senator Feinstein. Courage is contagious.
I hope we can stop this one! She is a fraud and a danger to our kid's future
I'm glad you're on board to #StopDeVos but we need your vocal dissent against other nominees, please speak FOR us in CA
Thank you for caring about our children's education and future. #NoonDeVos
thank you for standing up for pilublic schools!
thank you!
Thank you for taking a stand for our kids @IndivisibleCA48 Our 800 members are with you #HoldTheFloor #NoonDeVos
thank you for your work to stop the DeVos nomination. #StopDeVos  #holdthefloor
thank you! Please hold firm! #ResistTrump
Good for you, Senator! She's unqualified.Says she gives states choice, but will siphon $$ from public to private.Oppose!!
Thank you! Protect our nations children from a enemy of public education. #noDevos
I certainly hope you vote "No" on Betsy DeVos.
Save it. We know you'll vote "NO" on anything and everything that would help America. Are you still embarrassed of the USA?
@WeAreCTA California's legislators are appreciated.   Thank you
thank you, Senator!
Oh. and I'm looking forward to Secretary DeVos. She's a role model for young women everywhere. Brave. Principled.
THANK YOU
THANK YOU!
thank you!
Thank you!!  The senators here in KS don't care about our kids, but it's nice to see some stand up for all kids.
thank you!
@jacksnowknows thank you!
do you know that you have ZERO POWER. All you all can do is slow down NOT STOP THEM
Thank you for voting NO on DeVos.  Please vote NO on Andy Puzder also.
what a surprise, I'm . Sure no one expected you would vote yes. You know your seat is secure, but wait, ur  party is dwindling
How about YOU ARE UNQUALIFIED to be a Senator-Everything you accused Trump of Sunday is actually you describing Obama's 8 yrs!
thank you!!! Our children's education are counting on it
Thank you!!
u r a moron
I agree.  Trump was privately educated.  Reportedly he can't read and can't comprehend.  Who is overseeing his crazy EO's?
How do you state she has no experience & doesn't have ability, most that run edu aren't capable, but have job.
DeVos isn't linked with education liberal unions so that makes her the best choice!!!
YOU are evil.
Thank you!
Thanks.
THANK YOU.
thank you for opposing DeVos!
Look who's talking.
thank you for voting "no" for Betsy DeVos. She would be a disaster in leading the Department of Education.
You need to term limit yourself.
Thank you.
every single one of these pricks is unqualified or directly opposed to their position, why vote for any of them
Damn straight!
Good, but Y did you vote YES on any of this nonsense? It's time to FIGHT. No more playing nice with the GOP, too dangerous.
Well done Senator Dianne
Thank you Senator for doing the right thing. She has no business being Sec of Education. Can you also vote no on the others
amen!
YOU are UNQUALIFIED to serve in your position.
YOU allegedly gave out investigation material on Night Stalker for fame.
good. Pls get one more GOP senator to vote w you
you should be retiring you are hated by your own constituency, thats why your not answering you phone, email, or case work!
the only thing you should be doing is retireing you are hated by your own constituencey what is your problem just leave!
Bet you aren't so happy with your REID rule vote now, are you?
That's nice, dear.
Thanks!/Merci !
HEY Tyrant you don't tell the people what ur gonna do lady,WE THE PEOPLE TELL U WHAT UR GONNA DO GET THAT STRAIGHT!
Time for term limits we've had enough! You're not representing everyone in your State.
well that's disappointing as you represent me in my state of California and I support her. #BetsyDeVos
Than you for voting against DeVos, but please don't vote for any more Trumplechin nominees.  Most of them are incompetent.
it don't matter all his appointments will get confirmed haha losers
you are the most unqualified to be in government. #DrainTheSwamp #TermLimits #MAGA We and support @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
Thank you thank you thank you!!!! #gratefulin91362
Thank you.
.@SenFeinstein THANK YOU. You freaked us all out for a minute.
please get one more person to vote no.
is senile She is unqualified to serve in this vital role. #TrumpWins4USA #TermLimits @greggutfeld
yay!!
Lady you've been unqualified for decades. Thanks to your degenerate constituents
You are Poster material for Term Limits.
You & McCain need to get on your unicorn and fly awsy.
You're a disgrace to our great country. #Quisling
2018 can't get here soon enough. You're unqualified to represent us in CA.
thank you for voting NO!
Thank you! #NotoDeVos #SaveOurSchools
make sure you re-read your autographed Saul Alinsky tactics book to know how to act
Thank you, Senator Feinstein!!!!
no shit really
Maybe you should look at education in California. Our state needs a lot of help.
thank you
 you go girl...thank you so much for showing me and others that not all of D.C. have lost their minds. Thank you for r servic
Thank you! Now #NOonPruitt
thank you! 
@EmilySuess Thank You!
.@SenFeinstein THANK YOU!
Thank you! Vote "No" on all Trump/Bannon nominees!
Thank you!  Please help stop #PresidentBannon
thank you!
TY!  NO on DeVos represents my voice.  I appreciate that (called your office earlier this week to say so) as do many others.
It's not a vital role. It's not a vital department. It's a useless bank, as Sen. Warren stated.
It's about time you got with the program.
thank you!
what's the roll count currently looking like?
Finally! I wish you had voted No on his other underqualified picks. Please be mindful of the people this cabinet harms.
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you for your NO vote on DeVos #Resistance #DeVosvote
thanks senator for hear our voice
yes!!!!
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you for standing up #NoBanNoWall
Thank you!
Thank You Di-Fi
thank you!
Thank you Senator Feinstein! Now we need to make sure she's not confirmed. We're calling Republican Senators. #NoDeVos
thank you whp@else can we call to voice our concerns about DeVos ?
very glad to hear  now I am hoping you will vote no on everyone else I love my country but it seems to be going over the cliff
, thank you!
thank you 
thank you!
thank you!!!
Thx for voting NO on DeVos and Sessions.  Please oppose Jay Clayton for SEC.  We don't need more Goldman Sachs cronyism.
Thank you. Keep up the pushback - your constituents support you. #resist
thank you!
Thank you Sen Feinstein
Thank you!

Thank you. It's the right thing to do.
thank you
@lizhenry bravo. Now convince a colleague & he can convince a colleague & so on & so on #fabergeorganicshampoo #1970s
thank you.
It took you far too long to come to this conclusion, but thank you.
Thank you
DeVos is ridiculously unqualified. Only nominated as she was big donor. #NoOnDeVos
wrong she is highly qual. you just don't want dumb teachers fired and teachers accountable
Thank you,  I am hoping that the same will be for Pruitt and Sessions!
Finally! Welcome to the #resistance. We've been waiting for you.
thank you. Now do something about the Judas Joe machin
: What is your problem with #SenManchin? Heck I'm an independent n I voted for him.
Thank you Senator! Thank you for listening.
This Californian thanks you!
thank you!
thank you for your vote! Please keep fighting for us!
thank you for your vote and for letting us know. Pls work across the aisle and find Republican support for sanity.
Thank you, Senator, for placing our children's welfare first. #noDevos
Thank you!
Shame on you. Bought & influenced by the Unions. @USTermLimits need Now!
@jojos444 

Finally!
Thank you for doing the right thing. I am a constituent (SF). Please also #votenoSessions !
Thank you so much for your future  vote "no" on DeVos for educ. secretary!
Thank you from 92131
Thank you!
Thank your for your no on DeVos. America's students deserve better leadership than she can provide
thanks Dianne! I'm a constituent that is happy about your opposition tot DeVos! Also please get more phone lines!
You have my support
She is unqualified to serve? In my opinion, she is more qualified to serve than you.
thank you
Thx!  Need to stand and fight even when we go down...it won't B forever and is the right thing to do!
Good, but you have been supporting too many of his incompetent & radical appointees.  Time to fight or to retire.
Thank you!
THANK YOU from one of your teacher constituents!  It is a scary enough time in schools.
While you are at that @SenFeinstein I hope you will take this opportunity to stand firm against Trump and show real Leadership
good. Also vote no on everyone else and filibuster the judge. A white nationalist is on the NSC. Dangerous and unacceptable.
Chet wake up and smell the roses  you lost this election. Now we do it our way.
Thank you Senator .
thank you.... Saved me a call... Resist trump.
thank you, ma'am
Thank you!!!
thank you for your pledge to vote no! As the child of public school teachers thank you!
You are unqualified to serve in your vital role and still you got the job.
TY Senator! Also calling ur ofc to also oppose Jay Clayton and the shameful SJ Res 9. Will u go on record in opposition?
we appreciate it. seriously.
@vickibarkley Good. Thank you
thank you Senator Feinstein!
THANK YOU!
I hope you'll also oppose Senator Sessions as well.
great on no vote on DeVoss .  Thank you ! 94925
thank you for looking at the facts not the party.
good!! Too bad you didn't vote NO on other cabinet picks.  Convince a GOP to do the same!
. Really! I do not trust her, I  don't believe she really has OUR interests at heart.
she's has to GO!!  No backbone.  Who's gonna take her place?
- Ooohhh - finally getting brave???  There is NO JUSTIFICATION for any of your "yes" votes.  Quit!  Retire!  Step down!  GO!!!
Thank you for your NO vote on DeVos
Thank you! Keep fighting for us! We stand with you!
Thank you for voting NO on Betsy DeWrong.

thank you. Now pls continue to do the right thing and block Gorsuch. Stolen seat, rules have been changed! Do not cooperate!
Thank you for opposing DeVos!
thank u Sen Feinstein- from your constituent
thank you. Pls vote "no" on ALL trump noms.
Thank you!  Keep being loud and articulate.  Boycotting hearings silences our side. The mid term races are on. #TheResistance
Even TWO Republicans already said NO to DeVos. STOP DeVos, how? If you can't stop her, you FAILED. That's how we judge you.
Bravo! #Indivisible #IndivisibleCA37
thank you!!!
Thank you.
Thank you!
But will you vote YES when the 25th amendment comes up?
Why have you voted on the other nominees! Very disappointing!
Come follow me I think we have a lot in common
