Good to know that dem run Ca. Is in the upswing ..you all deserve it
Not if taxes not lowered
No you watch fake news and are gullible
Poor thing
I really feel sorry for you
Not as sorry as you will shortly be..I predict
Trump making country better weather you believe it or not. But tax cuts needed to get us moving.
say what you mean 'white working class'. democrats are bernies bigots now
Get over that stupid Bernie Hillary bulshit and do what's right for your country. Enough of this childish fighting. It's what Russia wants
No peace with nazi traitopr pedophiloes. russia is on your side not mine
You're a damn fool.
#PutinBot
Once again you're a damn fool
You want the childish fitting to stop get off trump and Russia. Nothing there but fake news
Then why are you against tax cuts?
Free college 2 help prepare 4 the future would go a long way. Manufacturing is done by machines & over seas cheaply, so not likely 2 happen.
At least make college affordable. Given for nothing sometimes not apperisieated and not much effort to succeed.
I worked in calif for 25 yrs and noted only a handful of African Americans were hired. Still a big problem
Maybe it's because they hire illegal immigrants instead
Oh shit... that is what President Trump was saying all throughout the campaign, that he supports manufacturing. You Dems disagreed. - FACT
Unless they are manufacturing bump stocks.
Nice Job
Have you talked to Brown about that,cuz he thinks middle class are freeloaders.
Thanks to the wonderful President Trump.   Nothing to do with liberal sanctuary California government.  Bunch of total queer leadership.
Good this is what we need. Now support other U.S. jobs in othet states. Please
You're losing business including filmmaking
Sure... Huge taxes, favor unions and excessive regulation... who in their right mind would ever want to build a new factory in CA!!!
You've regulated and taxed the majority of manufacturing jobs out of CA over the last 25 years. Do you have amnesia?!!!!
#maga
So Dannie you better thank your lucky stars that Repub's got senate ,House & presidency imagine if you guys had control,free this free that
California is no longer the problem of the American people. They want to go it alone. Let's cut funding and arrest Brown .boycotted
GOV BROWN NEEDS TO BE IMPEACHED. I HOPE PRESIDENT TRUMP BRINGS DOWN THE THUNDER ON CALIFORNIA.THIS IS WHY PEOPLE ARE LEAVING THIS CRAP STATE
I love California business

Virtually every policy you support is a proven killer of manufacturing. Please stop the pandering, Senator.
Getting Liberal Democrats out of power in California is the key to California's future.
Liberal dinosaurs are a thing of the past.  Retire!!
That's kind of a no brainer, so why would you need to validate that, manufacturing is the lower end of middle class if that.



No whats Vital too the middle Class is The Removal Of The Ilegals They Are Parasites JFK 2 SDD
Be clear. #1 thing causing decrease in people in manufacturing jobs? Technology! For every advance we make, we need less actual bodies to
run the machines. We need innovative thinkers, new ideas, inspiration! Just look at a few items we got from NASA and space exploration! We
need to invest more into research, not less! Only by looking outside the box will we grow our economy!
Then lower the tax burden
Yes U will Soon U will have so many illegals welfare will blossom like never before
Are you serious?
Please explain what you have done to create manufacturing jobs for the middle class?
Here are the DACA children:
The vital success would be you’re retirement!
Do u know what ur talking about.
Those bump fire stocks are terrific products for self-defense.  A strong America is vital to our survival as a nation.
Bot
Is that worse than being a democrat or basically the same thing?
I have to admit, bot or not, that was a good retort.
If  You care about working people do sumthing about  opresive taxes.
no, you have chase away Manufacturing jobs.
By raising our taxes and encouraging more illegals to move here.  Thanks for nothing Diane.
Evidently you are ignoring how state regulations are strangling our industry
If we couple movements to support manufacturing with more affordable (free) college incl. vocational ed. CA would be taking great steps fwd
Why don't you throw in a free BMW and Chocolate Chip cookies and bankrupt the state quicker.
The CA middle class you claim to care so much about is forced to pay $23,038,125,353 for the 3,535,190 illegals who steal our opportunities.
Nope  High taxes
Support unionized manufacturing & make sure workers R represented in collective bargaining!That's vital for 100% success of all concerned!
Oh, what about the 3,535,190 illegals living in California, costing each taxpayer over $6,000 annually? How does that help the middle class?
Why?
USA manufacturing ind.has been dying thx 2 R corrupt trade laws & government!She may not be perfect,but we need 2 start somewhere.
Why?
Why not?
Why?
So is limited government.
Calif wants to secede from the USA. I will not support manuf. in Calif.
I really wouldn't carr if they would. Just let them take their debt with them.
Then why aren't you doing more to stop major companies/employers from leaving CA?!
Please not in the Bay Area. We're far too crowded now

Go get em
I couldn't agree more but why then did congress chase it away?
More jobs would be created if employers weren't regulated to death. #justsayin
This is the most intelligent response so far
How about you fight to repeal Citizens United?  How about you fight to reinstate Glass-Steagall?  How about you address gerrymandering?
Dianne, will you do one thing for us?  Please find way to end this authoritarian regime that’s decimating Country without accountability.
Taxing and regulating the hell out of them is hardly support.
Ya thats gonna work well with all your regs. What are you gonna make false hope and dreams. Oh ya anti ice agents.
Did you not get the memo that California want the middle class to leave.
Great article, Senator.  You're a good person.  Thanks.
Senator Feinstein please be patient once we drain the swamp things will be different.
WE NEED TO  POUCH CHIN MCCONNELL OUT OF THE SWAMP
Nestle has been screwing Californians for over 20 yrs!Stealing water w/o permits,refusing 2 pay & making millions in profits!Tried in MI 2!
Also...
U can blame Reagan 4 increase poverty.He cut benies 2 mental aid,& they were released 2 the http://sts.GOP  kept the cuts growing!
My God, bro, that was 50 years ago. Who's been at the wheel most of the time since?
MOC,1%,Wall st take UR pick!It takes a long time 2 turn a country in2 what it is 2day!out last 50 yrs!I came here 48yrs ago as adult,I know
