This is a Bullshit deal cut by #RussianLinkedGrassley....how could you let this happen?  WTHELLLL????
Yup, This is OUR GOVERNMENT not THEIRS!!!
NOT really now, it's not.  It's time to take to the streets...Dems won't be strong enough..afraid for #GOP...#GOP bought by Russia.  Screwed
There in lies the deceit. They are on OUR PAYROLL by WE THE PEOPLE!
Yes, but if we don't take to streets soon....we the people and const are only as good as those willing to fight for it....
If we don't take it to the streets soon, we might be under marshal law and not be able to protest 
Agree...time to get your city's organizers on this for next week
Sure hope so. Behind closed doors is a win for Putin. We need sunlight.
Yup
This is NOT ACCEPTABLE. Do not cave to Grassley, Senator!
She ALWAYS caves to @ChuckGrassley and it's getting more and more frequent & alarming!
Sickening.
A former Obama lawyer says they get much better info behind closed doors w/o that stupid 5 minute clock. Can still call in public later.
Then let it be taped and show it to the public right after.
Check out the thread from @AndyMcCanse and then decide.

Not happening. They presented written statements
There should be no deal. The Trump family is trying to hide something and we people deserve to hear for ourselves what it is.
Farce. Explain to me why hearing is now private and not under oath?....waiting.... And they even got to dictate how long they testify?
Why before Senator so you can help them get their stories straight?

Why talk to anybody without it being under oath?  Refusing to take the oath, means intent to lie
I feel like they are stringing along to buy time change AG to cover up crimes! Why are we accepting their terms America can't take much more
Why are they not testifying under oath? What happened? Can we not trust anyone in this crazy government no matter Party?
We Americans who pay your salary and ask you to represent us, demand this to be LIVE and Broadcasted. We have no trust left.
Feinstein just waived Wray thru the Judiciary Committee, effectively rubber-stamping the Comey firing. She's a pathetic excuse for a leader.
Wray lied the entire way through his testimony. A blind person could see through his fawning. He is #TrumpRussia all the way.
Senator I sure hope the Kushner public testimony will be under oath??? Testimony not under oath is pretty pointless eventhough it is illegal
Public hearing now!!! Time to sew this up. Americans deserve to know
why not investigate the Russian ties and $$$ to Hillary campaign and Foundation?? Uranium sale etc? Equal justice must prevail
Grassley is making a mockery of the committee.  It is becoming like the House Intelligence.Committe. Where is your outrage?!?
It better be under oath!
BULLSH*T!!!!
Don't forget to ask every member of Trump admin about upholding Magnitsky Act, please.
Why aren't they going to be under oath?
@SenFeinstein why will @DonaldJTrumpJr not testify under oath...public or not.  This man cannot be trusted!
Why are they being treated with such deference? They won't even be under oath why? Why does little Kushner still have a security clearance?
Did you ask Jared about Cambridge analytics?
Yes! Senator Feinstein! You Will Get LIES AS ANSWERS!
Make sure you get answers though sure they'll play their tricks. Waste time, and I'd plan on them lying as they continue to do. Push hard
But not under oath? Is it recorded? They are not privy to national security so why not public?
Yes this is absloutely discusting that these guys are going to testify not being under oath  they are known liars  come on get real
Respectfully Senator Feinstein, why are they testify in secret? Their testimony should be public. We the people have a right to hear them
The public has a right to hear from them. Senator, why are you helping the @GOP bury this matter behind closed doors?
Because it's a big nothing burger.  In a free country you have the right to hear amyone out. Donald JR. did nothing wrong. It's freedom.
Thank you! But please let us know what day will be the public hearing. Americans demand a public hearing!
Why will they not be under oath? They are already known liars!
The fact that you're letting @DonaldJTrumpJr, @PaulManafort and Jared soft peddle is infuriating  I have so much respect for you.
WHY WON'T THEY BE TESTIFYING UNDER OATH??!!! WHY WOULD YOU AGREE TO THAT?????!!!!!!!!!
Please investigate H Clinton for corrupt Uranium 1 Deal w Russia and subsequent millions in donations from Russia to Clinton Foundation
When does the FBI investigate collusion by the Clintons and exPOTUS
Lame.  Why? And not under oath?! Does Congress have no spine? Jr said he'd b happy to testify under oath.
Non Partisan Independent Investigation and Special Prosecutor Now! What are YOU GUYS HIDING?
so you co-chair @ChuckGrassley now full fledged Russian agent can wash the stuff he wants to hide from the testimony...great.  Thanks for 0
America is counting on you, Senator!!!
Just another big waste of time. Why not worl on somethimg comstuctive like tax reform.
You must be close to 90 years old.   Hanging on to power for so long, shouldn't you be retired and spending time with great grandkids?
Why is this Both - Behind closed doors AND Not under oath?! Grassley decision ?!
WHEN will they testify in public? I thought Senate agreed all will be behind closed doors?
Are you complicit with this Russian Coup?
Wasn't any problem for Hillary to testify in public. What's not right with this picture
BS!
X2
Are you just out and out lying?????
WHY Senator?AGAIN you have let @ChuckGrassley run ALL OVER YOU & TheTrump Russia Investigation! When will DianeFeinstein stand UP 2Grassley?
Sounds like a deal. Can't count on you. SO disappointing and reprehensible. The People deserve to hear! You're no "judiciary committee".
You are fired. You have let all democrats down. I will not vote for you or Nancy again. Shame on you for not doing your job
Wondering just how complicit you are
these people are not honorable why r u giving them the courtesy & time to perfect their lies & acts of treason, Public Hearing
Hillary had too why not these slime balls
You will get lies.  They are not being held accountable to tell the truth.  How can you allow this? The Grassley/Trump train continues.
They are not testifying under oath. They are not being held accountable to tell the truth. Please help to make them testify under oath.
Public or private, they must testify under oath
Seriously do you know manaforts background? You will not get an honest answer unless they are under oath...Are you caving to @ChuckGrassley
Very , very disappointed Senator !
Why not under oath? Trump Jr has already lied numerous times RE meeting. Why expect truth from him now w/out penalty of perjury!??
.Why won't Jr be under oath in Sen, but will be in House? You have the power to do the right thing for the country.
why cut deals w/ these guys when the senate judiciary committee has the leverage? public and under oath!

i'm one of your constituents, btw.
Get them under oath and public. Push Grassley! Citizens already are. Do it right or just let Mueller deal with it!
I agree with @alfranken ...their testimony should be under oath...would @ChuckGrassley agree...even though I think they'll lie either way
You have answers.#theramhastouchedthewall Time to settle accounts and let it all be done. There's only one reason a mother wears this face.
What you'll get is lies obfuscation excuses & denials. #TrumpLiesMatter
Trump will fire Muller..pardon his crook family himself keep destroying our #Environment killing our #wildLife #Republicans kill #wildHorses
Either the FBI stops being so obsessively secret on this or our country endshttps://whowhatwhy.org/2017/03/27/fbi-cant-tell-trump-russia/

Don't let them bully you into agreeing to a closed door meeting. #Supoena Let WORLD see live what was and still is going on! #transparency
So no public testimony, and it's not under oath. How about you do your job?
They are accountable to us, the American Citizens! Give them NO place to run or hide!
They should not be able to hide behind closed doors! They and potus should learn there is no where to run or hide from the American public!
Ridiculous, you're letting your guard down! Listen to Americans, make them testify under oath.  #UnfairManipulation
Senator, I am deeply disappointed in you. 
I am so dissapointed these hearings will not be public. Shameful!!!
Not from them.
It's time to retire. Enough. Last straw.
Will they be under oath?
Why @SenFeinstein not under oath? Why not in public? We deserve an explanation!
Wish it was public. We deserve to know.
We need to enlist more women into congress and senate and president. Own our pussy power , into vaginal victories . 2018 and beyond
I hope so because I suspect @maddow is right about Grassley agenda.
When will it be public. The public has right to know and mueller has okayed. So, what changed?  We deserve to know truth
Is Grassley covering for Trump by allowing them to talk off-the-record in private?
I'm expecting that.
We want to hear it too! Why should they get away with secret meetings w/GOP?We don't trust them either! #DumpTrump
You WILL have them under oath when they testify in public, right?
I am very disappointed in you.  This is a farce, Manafort and Trump Jr should testify under oath
Senator, why are you letting Grassley push GOP over America? Burr sees the facts. Grassley only wants to kill #trumpRussia. Stand up 4 us!
Press them hard, Senator!!!
They didn't have to show up in person JC didn't interview them what's up Dianne?  Why didn't you interview them?
And then you will allow them to get away with all of it.
It should be televised like the endless Hillary Benghazi $hit.....grow a pair and get new leadership
Why are the democrats so lame? Where is the passion? Why don't you send their lawyers the questions in advance??? It's so hard on them.....
The testimony should be in public and under oath. Who are you and @ChuckGrassley protecting with this choice? Disappointed in my sens choice
If you Senators are not wanting to move these hearings more quickly, I'm sure there are people who we can elect that will. We've had enough
At what point are you Senators going to move these hearings forward so that our country is not completely given away to Putin?
You will get answers??? Yet you won't even tell us the questions. We want OPEN hearings, Senator. We are tired of all the tail dragging.
We are so disappointed with this decision. You should have stopped it
The public expects to hear from them in OPEN hearings. We want answers, Senator. NOW! Why are you hiding them from us?
Madam. we never got Hillary's on Benghazi or her e-mails.  Stop this insanity! WHERE IS OUR PROP1 WATER?
I think they show testifying in public. Very disappointed.
Should be
How will we learn of testimony?
I'm pretty disturbed that you are letting this happen, especially when #Grassley is diverting attention to Christopher Steele Dossier.
NO not true they cancelled Yr CA voter can't believed U ALLOWED Grassley 2 bring Fusion owner in Wed to help GOP put Steele doss on Dems

Oh, so now you're holding investigation in private to please whom? And what answer are you gonna get? Untrustworthy. Never keeps your word
how can u let Chuck do this?
Why are they not under oath?  Dianne are a Russian puppet too?
Will they testify in public?  We'd like answers, too.
Why aren't they testifying under oath in an open session? @ChuckGrassley actions do not represent the American people.
If "answers" are: "We can't tell you that", "I have not spoken to the Pres about It" & "yes, but not only if maybe", you will get answers.
The real criminals are hillary and obama.  Dems deflecting to keep them out of jail.  Where is Seth Rich investigation?
You have to do this publicly in the open. Are you being obstructed by @ChuckGrassley and @GOP . This reversals makes no sense
Sounds like you are letting them get away with it. The public is not so stupid.
tRump and his minions need to be treated like the criminals they are. What is wrong with you people? You have no plans to do anything, do U?
Manafort and Jr. must publicly testify under oath before the Senate Judiciary Committee. The public has a right to hear them. Thank you!
If it is not public then don't talk to them. We want to watch them lie.
We deserve to know and watch! Give me a break! Why are you bending over backwards for these people? NOT FAIR for those that obey laws!
Senator can I ask all these public hearing have you learn anything?
why are you backing away from the requirement that they testify under oath in public?
Sen., Enough TALKING and posturing. Y isn't the JC issuing them subpoenas4public testimony? The JC is also hiding from the public!!!
Taking ur word that ur comfortble with this arrangement Grassley is defndng. Is pub. testimony predicatd on 7/26 answers? Thankful ur there!
thank you!!!!
Senator Grassley is using a disinformation tactic. It is a narrative that induces  hopelessness & exhausts opposition. Please stay strong.
You better, or the PEOPLE will throw you out of office.
Grassley Is NOT Going To Let You Badger Them!
He's Complicit In Their Their Crimes!
Before they testify in public, or instead of testifying in public?  Your language is unclear.
More BULLSHIT meant to hide the truth.
This government is a disgrace.
Why did the senate agree to this? Is Grassley trying to point the finger at the dossier being the issue?  This is ridiculous.
Doesn't matter. U agreed to let @ChuckGrassley turn the conversation on Dems by interviewing Fusion about Dems! This is anathema to justice!
Why did you agree to allow them to do this? It is like allowing Jr, Manafort and their attorneys an advance look at your line of questioning
Sad. Money and influence over rule of law. We have a right to know.
The People deserve to hear what these scumbags tell Congress.
Keep up the Good Fight!
These spoiled brats MUST be questioned publicly.  Just another example of Senate caving to money.
Go get him.
Thank You!!!
PLS check @PaulManafort's phone records. Who was he talking to during Russian meeting or was he letting someone listen in?
We're concerned that it changed to closed door. Is Grassley ready to hear the truth? Public needs/ deserves to know. Thanks 4 ur good work.
If they are not under oath, there's no way you'll get answers.
What will be left of us at the rate this is going?
Get to the bottom of it, Senator.
If they're not under oath it's a waste of time & resources. Forget deals. Subpoena them & get down to business. This is taking too long.
Yeah, right!How can we trust anything GOP Says? we should hear everything that these traitors have to say! Govt of the people, remember?????
Yes! Also lean on the kushners. Ivanka may look like a Disney princess but she is as guilty as Crella de Vil!
#RussiatrumpGate #IvankadeVil
Hook them up to a lie detector! Master liars!
What? Why the backroom deal with these people? Please explain your reasoning because this really stinks!!!!!
Yeah, Right AFTER Susan Rice testifies under oath!
I wish I had as much faith in Republican majority.
We want answers and we want them in the daylight=PUBLICLY.
Under oath?
I hope so. The GOP is actively trying to cover for this corrupt administration. I for one think the GOP has lost the right to govern at all!
You allowing this man to destroy our county is on you! These should be under oath NOW! What is wrong with you people? #Treason #Rosenbergs
The public also needs to hear their testimony.  Don't let them get out of the Senate hearing!!!
Not good enough Dianne! Why are you going along with allowing them to flip the script and make this about Dems? WTH???
Under OATH as any other American must do. Wth is the Judiciary Comm doing?!
The country is counting on you - those of us with a moral compass have your back.
Could you please explain the rationale for the need to meet with Manafort privately ahead of time? Thank you. #ProsecuteTrumpRussiaColluders
we do not negotiate with domestic or foreign terrorists, hearing should be public to American taxpayers
You joined Republicans in helping to fast track the Republican plan to make the Russia investigation about Dems”? Two-face much Senator?
Please do something about @ChuckGrassley. We see how he's trying to cover & deflect for the trump regime. How is this happening??
Vote out the old geezer. Time for him to find his rocking chair. Maybe he needs some visitors in his office. Ones with big signs.
How will you, when the sychophants are in charge there?
@juliettekayyem has been saying Trump can't allow them to testify in public. Too damaging
Sen Feinstein, please have them testify in public. DJT Jr said he'd do it on rightwing TV.
We The People are getting scammed... I, want them ALL Under Oath... They are just going to LIE! They have NO MORALS! Their Crooks!
We are just to accept they are going to be truthful???
Preferential treatment?!
POTUS damages the country more every day while the "investigating committees" are slow-walking the processes to maintain the status quo.
Only if the GOP chairman let's you. Traitors all they are.
WTH, senator? PLEASE stand up 4 our country. This is a nightmare, & you're doing the GOP's bidding. We're drowning & you're not helping us.
@brainboomr22 We demand a public hearing not special treatment for Don Jr & Manafort & Kushner. Save our democracy!
Please stand up to Grassley! This needs to be public, ma'am!
Dont trust you either this country belongs to us the American people not Trump not the gop not the dems we demand action for the people now
Sounds like a rehearsal dinner to me!  Good grief! Is there no one who will stand up to corruption?  How does this get us to the truth?
Why are they NOT UNDER OATH, why CLOSED? You know what's at stake here!!!
If they aren't “talking” under oath y'all just wasting time and money.
You already have your answer..
CROOKED HILLARY LOST.
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
UNDER OATH, please. Or it means nothing.
With all due respect Senator, this is a complete cop out. They should be forced to testify & answer in public hearing! @ChuckGrassley
"I invoke my rights under the 5th amendment" is not an answer. In other words, how dare you negotiate with traitors behind our backs?
I regret voting for you and if you're up for reelection will not repeat that mistake.
Disappointed Don J & Manafort not being required to publically testify!  Our democracy is under assaut by Trump & GoP allowing it to happen!
OMG. How bout asking HC why she sold uranium to Russia/CFdn got $148 mil? The dem deception/lies never end. Pure evil.
I hope u can keep your party in line!!! #Dems leak more than Iran Navy. Professionalism begins w/ leadership, dems Leadership begins with U!
WE LVE YOU, SenatorD!!!!
Lets hope so. We the people have a right to hear and see these guys testify.
GET A GODDAMN SPINE, and stop lining your pockets pretending to be a Democrat.
R U Fckng kidding me? Evidence was destroyed months ago. How stupid and slow you all are. Thanx for 'National Perjury Week' we'll now have.
