95 million unemployed with Obama you worry about health care that didn't work,,,
Lady, you should be leading a march accross the states to DC in DEMAND of Medicare for All. Instead you just say "terrible for 24M people."
I gotta agree with you. Shameful how politicians take OUR money and DO NOTHING for us. #MAGA
How much of a boost will your stock portfolio see when it passes?
How many millions are uninsured by current system and die? How is Medicare for All a government takeover of health care?
I met u on the streets of SF when u ran for and were elected Mayor, you are one of the good ones. Keep up the good work.
Obama far more dangerous than Putin , almost forgot, he used ngo to spread propaganda to unseat him . The saying you reap what you soe
nothing compares to the # of ppl who lost ins under ACA. Or the vets who died while waiting for care or babies killed by PP.
IKR? Are we the only ones to see this? #resist #impeach45 #whyimarch
@TheDemocrats can stop the bill in the Senate unless concessions are made so, if it passes, it will be because 8 democrats allowed it to.
Tell her how you really feel! :-)
Hysteria is all they have left. They have no leader and no power. They are going to lose more seats in 2018. We will have a super-majority.
Shame on you for propagating these lies.
That's a lie! 24 million NEVER signed up for #Obamacare. How many lost insurance because of Obamacare? How many can't afford Ocare now?
I have a bone to pick. This would be the second French election he meddled in , he used our tax dollars to try to unseat an ally Netanyahu
I live in the United States of America. I shouldn't have to move to a different state to get "perks" that my state "opted out" of. #Disgrace
Perks? And I shouldn't have to pay for birth control at 60! Perks? Mandates hurt lots of ppl for lots of reasons!
(2/3) No American should be forced to move bc they need Medicaid that their home state opted-out of. Or bc other states cap premiums #UNITED
Millions of people lost their jobs due to your mess of O'care.?  How many had their hours cut to part time due to your mess with O'care?
Let's take Adam schiff , on his Twitter he already blaming Russia for macron hacking which is impossible to know in one day ,,but it seems
Fake News!
Would you please stop with your mouth moving and lies coming out of it. Pathetic Dianne.  @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity
We also know Obama swap refugees to change demographics ,the Australian swap, he also took in 5000 Muslims from Somalia only 25 Christians
Really ?? How about obamacare in California. Meds last year 60 bucks . This year over 200 bucks . Get real lady
For-profit health insurance companies boast >$300B net worth on @NYSE while Americans struggle to pay for #healthcare.
Publicly-traded for profit health insurance co Aetna net income for Q1 2017 was $1B. Money better spent on patient care? #AHCA #healthcare
For-profit health insurance companies price-per-share excel @NYSE while Americans struggle to pay for #healthcare. #AHCA #healthcare
Money that should be spent on patients is syphoned out of healthcare; placed in health insurance executives/shareholder's pockets. Immoral.
CBO estimates without the mandate 24M would opt out which is different than losing #politifake
The only people that would "lose" their insurance would be those that chose not to have insurance. Be honest and stop this.
With the alinsky principles , only problem I thought alinsky was a criminal , while dnc relish in it .
Or fund political campaigns ,,Obama institute is a front for foreign funds,,to influence political views in this country.I'm quite familiar
Militarized the Middle East to remove Assad . Obama wasn't on vacation he was fundraising to screw with European elections,
Please support Single Payer then! It is the only truly moral plan for America.
Ummmmm, that's not exactly what it means. Do some research
Please don't insult intelligent people with your made up facts
Clapper stated it was too early to tell . Meanwhile dnc didn't let fbimlook because foreign campaign contributions
A political ploy to push macron over the finish line . Just like the dnc , it was hacked CNN blaming two hours later Russia ,while weeks
I'll save you the Somalian history and violence. Your party I have to be honest is abhorrent , dishonest , and some members liars
Obama overthrew the Ukraine right before NATO elections, he overthrew mubarek ,gaddafi for profit as per England report
Senator, PLEASE  get them to turn direction and put energies into SAVING OBAMACARE!!!! Pleeeeeeez

Make no mistake. #TrumpCare is an act of #Terrorism. #TrumpCare is an act of #HybridWar, designed to kill and confound. #TrumpRussia 
Why didn't you fight for single payer? If you did #AHCA would never be close to passing right now.
Currently people are delaying getting health care bc of the high costs. You better do your job & replace Obamacare or be replaced in 2018
What about the people who were going to lose coverage when insurers pulled out of the exchanges? GOP should have let it collapse
no one is loosing there health insurance.Millionaires have there own insurance they don't use this one.Did you use obamacare that was taxed
1- am so bothered after watching Feinstein this morning, if she acknowledges ACA is failing & not good for people, why did Dems do nothing
2- to fix it. It's been seven years. I'm also bothered by how she tried to make this a man against women issue. Why? It's been proven PP is
3- abortion more than women's healthcare, They do not perform mammograms or cancer screenings. The majority of their service is abortion. As
4- A woman, I am against thus. I have personally seen the price women pay when they choose abortion at a young age and then later realize
5- The choice they made and did a life. In this world of modern medicine, we now realize how soon I baby is viable. When abortion was
6- passed, we did not have that technology!  Even the author of abortion is now against abortion. With The effectiveness of birth control,
7- The need for abortion and our country should be ending. We even have a morning after pill for someone who's been raped.  To end this, my
8-  thought it was the Democrats caused this mess, they should damn well be at the table offering suggestions of how to fix it. Pelosi can
Dems R unfocused, as the only goal right now is to be obstructionists, instead of doing something to repair the leaderless Dem Party, so sad
Shame on U Dems & Obama who duped everyone into thinking they would get inexpensive healthcare! Premiums & deductibles unaffordable!
False, 24 million wouldn't lose their health coverage and Senator Feinstein knows this. Sadly, she puts it out there anyway.
FAKE NEWS. Shame on U. Where was UR call 4 patience when Ocare shoved down R throats? If U didn't F*** it up we wouldnt B in this situation
Want to know Why your Taxes are So High In #California? #IllegalAliens Defund #SanctuaryCities #Trump #BuildTheWall
Senator Feinstein..We need to keep Obamacare!  Trump's plan will kill us all.  We need to get rid of him!!!!!!
Senator Feinstein, if you really cared about us, ur constituents, why are you against Sen. Sanders single-payer bill??
We cannot allow this to go unchecked! #NoAHCA #SinglePayerForAll #Ronan2018 #OurVoice
Health Care https://youtu.be/CejTjAvokTc  #NoAHCA #NeverGOP #NeverTrump #OurVoice #Ronan2018 #WeThePeople
Thank you for your work to stop this bill. And all your work thru the years   We know you have our back
May 7th, 2017 @NBC
@NBC Meet The Press, Sen. Dianne Feinstein of CALIFORNIA; May 7th, 2017
HE WILL GO TO ANY EXREMES TO GET WHAT HE WANTS, EVEN BREAK THE LAW. HE HAS DONE THIS ALL OF HIS LIFE! BREAK INTO PEOPLES HOMES, WIRE TAP!
I AM CERTAIN OF ONE THING, DT KNEW WHAT WAS GOING ON WITH RUSSIA. THIS IS HIS MO, TO SURROUND HIMSELF WITH YES MEN AND CROOKS!
Time is no body's mistress. It only goes after superiors. It never goes after the failures...
A process which nature starts cannot be stopped by human hands. But we can delay the process...
It's better to hurt some hearts than to see a great nation like Israel destroyed. Past and mathematics don't lie...
Past is embedded in present and future. Israel future is bleak. No Israel in 150 years. Take my prediction serious...
Article which I will write to you should only be read by a wise woman like you.  Whom I highly respect...
You continue to spread #fakenews. Why do you deserve better health care coverage (and pension) than the average American?
Dear Sen.Feinstein: You might have heard my name. I want to send you an article on the demise of Israel...
Don't just call out the GOP, call out THEIR DONORS.  They are the ones bribing the GOP to do this.
Democrats rather loose to a Republican than to a progressive.  Time to Primary Feinstein (R-CA)
Support medical marijuana
Then sign your name. https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/house-bill/676/cosponsors …
Single Payer! Get on board.. CA voter.
..please vote NO #IAmAPre-ExistingCondition
Not true
Medicare for all or you retire.
Term Limits, do us a favor look into a mirror
Cut healthcare costs by making it more advantageous to use a general practice doctor. Specialists double or triple the costs.
So are you supporting Single payer Medicare-for-all? Offering an alternative and becoming a needed real opposition party?
Why don't you get the women of the senate together and write your own bill?
Not true and you know it. Dems will pay again
You are tired.  Please stop.  It would also be a good idea to have an original thought now and then.
quit complaining, roll up ur slvs &help with #healthcare bill 4 good of American Ppl
Make sure the vote in senate doesn't happen they can't all be stupid or paid off can they?
360 million people now owe $18 trillion more in national debt today than when you were elected.
just let ACA collapse by itself then....  it will and you know it
Again I'm going to have to stop you right there, that's more bullshit than I can handle... Your fear tactics are clogging up my shit filter.
More fear mongering, Dianne!  Won't happen!!!
The Dems created this mess and now you complain about it. Dems will always own healthcare bill
China & Japan Ask where America spends 300 billioñ$ in healthcare services Why clinton&obama provide them fake account information
The #GOP is a disgrace! Thank you for being my senator! Oppose/destroy #Trumpcare #Resist
Typical swamp comment! After all these years, Senator you're still uttering same old talking points. Most of 24 mil were already in Medicaid
Thank you @SenFeinstein for continuing to speak out!!
Terrible that you spead lies and fear.
Co-sponsor #MedicareForAll #hr676 #ForThePeople #EndBigPharma #StandUp #ShowMeTheBills
Please leave ur healthcare plan and join ACA. Then I will listen to u. Until then, shut up
Vote no   Get your friends to do the same
Why lie??
You are SO dishonest. What about the people NOW currently suffering under Obamacare?
What about the 100 MILLION who lost their coverage they had before and can't afford obamacare? What about states with no insurers left?
PARTY ON #DEMOCRATS who voted third party or stayed home as well as educated (sic!) w women who voted DJT. Stay healthy cos who knows! SAD
Keep that audience fired up....
That is a lie. You lied about Obamacare care to try and convince us it worked, when clearly it didn't.  We know the truth.
No one should make money on the backs of sick people, not insurers and not you!
Hopefully your followers actually took a moment to read it for themselves
I know when Trump was running for office that he would first take care of his billionaire buddies, and the rest of us could go to hell.
Call it what it is #Trumpcare - defeat it in the Senate!
I wish you weren't my Senator.
go get 'em diane.
Sure sure, keep up the lying, you are starting to believe it yourself.
Republican congressmen and women are cowardly corporate whores. Nothing more.
#TrumpCare2
Then please fight
That's the ENTIRE population of Austrialia (for the trump voter to understand their vote impact) that will lose health care in GOPCare bill
How many lost coverage or doctor under Obamacare?  No one gave a crap then.  They lied then and they are lying now.
Yes! Sen. Dianne Feinstein of CALIFORNIA
Terrible! You rejected single payer out of hand then took a bunch of money from healthcare lobbyists!
Your lies about russia are coming #marconleaks
Do ur against single payor and u wine and dine insurance lobby? Good luck w/that we see u and will at the voting box, SOON. ur a republican
Prove it! Look how incorrect the CBO was wrong about Obamacare. They were not even close.
The house has failed us and now the Senate is saying this bill will not go through.  I don't believe you. Sell your soul.
Trump and the .@GOP are robbing (killing) the poor to pad the rich.
No one's buying these tires old lies anymore.
Don't stop the fight
TY 4 fighting against this bill that is so vile & evil. All those who voted 4 it will carry that shame the rest of their lives.

Thank you for standing up for the ACA.  The battle comes to you in the Senate, now.  I hope the AHCA dies there.
Obamacare is already dead. The only people who won't admit it are the lying Democrat politicians and #PasteEatingDemocrat followers.
If Government gives you something, it is what they've stolen from someone else. ACA and AHCA should not exist
Your victims and mascots of had the same opportunity the rest of us a bad including you it's shameful the way you want to hold them back
You're going to have to come up with a new spending plan the working American people no longer want to be taken care of your victims mascots
Well now it's in the senate and unfortunately don't have much hope for anything better happening
does that include you? Then you can just "donate" some of your multi millions right into Obamacare fund 4 the rest of us! show your guilt
arent you the good little troll
We are ready for this president to be gone. Please help us Senator. Hope it does not pass The Senate!  So sick of the GOP playing politics.
hey how about supporting single payer.
DMV-CARE, no thank you.
I agree, veterans should also have good health care. That's why i want medicare for all.
Oh goody, Medicare already on track to be insolvent by 2026. Let's send it down the crapper much sooner. Simple solutions from simple minds.
Get more people to pay in. Easy solution. The rich don't pay their fair share. Easy solution.
The bottom 45% pay no fed taxes. The top 1% pay over 50% of the taxes. So then, what's fair to you Sparky? Still easy solution?
Sounds fair to me. The top 1% make more than the rest of us combined. They can pay as much taxes. Easy solution.
you're arguing with a socialist, you're not going to get far with me arguing the rich shouldn't pay more taxes.
Wake up! Wake up! Wake up! 
 he is an 
Your junior partner @SenKamalaHarris said it would be 120M. Somebody is making up numbers.
Harris is an idiot....a younger, more socialist version of @SenFeinstein
And now 13 male GOP Senators want to revise the plan. Women r 50% of the population. We deserve representation!  What is this Saudi Arabia?
Haha u make that statement but support Muslim refugees?  Disgraceful.
How about an update on #TrumpRussiaCoverUp . We're ready for this President to be gone
Here's ur update : the lie is reaching the end of its life, time to face reality. Sorry for ur broken heart but shame on all who were fooled
Get back to me when the investigations are over. Try to stop watching Info Wars and RT, find reputable news sources.
Cutting a Trillion from Medicaid to give a Trillion in tax cuts to the wealthy. That's Republican! And inhumane!
Start calling the GOP what it is: an American terror organization.
