@igotsmarts  Aren't you sick of repeating this FRAUDULENT LIE!!!  Everybody knows it simply isn't true
Republicans don't
There Is No Gender Wage Gap
You push this crap to stay in office. Women aren't stupid. Quit insulting us. 
Wage Gap Myth Exposed — By Feminists http://www.huffingtonpost.com/christina-hoff-sommers/wage-gap_b_2073804.html …
And the reward for most misleading stat goes too...
Still pushing this hogwash? It is a gender EARNINGS gap.
Completely agree. This is why I voted for you. But right now American citizens in Puerto Rico need your help. Please keep PR in your agenda
Are women going to step up and take more than only 7% of workplace deaths too or are you okay with that ratio?
Keep peddling that myth!   #ProtectTheNarrative
Your statement is as true as saying that sexist laws are the reason men outnumber women in prison!
Counterbalance that with the risk gap. Men suffer workplace accidents and fatalities at 4 times the rate of women. Risk begets reward.
No they don't. Just stop.
https://www.eeoc.gov/laws/statutes/epa.cfm …
We already have equal pay for equal work, how does a senile fossil like Feinstein not know this?
Because feminism tells her that it doesn't.
From Womens Museum... worth a Zoom In... women should not accept this .
And then the equal pay act of 1963 happened. You have equal pay, now stop getting degrees in stupid shit, and work the same hours as men
Dotard Trump treats women like shit!
And yet the left did not see this big screaming neon sign representing how horrible Hillary was. Women who voted for Trump did.
ZzzzZZZZzzz
Tell me Senator, if women are getting paid 80% as men for same work, why isn't every last woman in the country suing right now? Hmmm?
What are you and other Dems doing to help the NoKo crisis?
Phony stats. Women make less because they:
•Work less hours 
•Take less risky jobs 
•Take time off for families
•Less degrees in STEM

Pay gap or Earnings gap?  Pay gap only compares what women earn vs men.  Does not take into account actual jobs or hours worked.
.80c is based on flawed research.  Women often choose a lower paying job
Both Pediatrician & Cardiologist = Dr 

actual gap is much less.
Liar.
Makes one wonder why businesses don't just hire women if they can save 20% on payroll?
https://twitter.com/JudicialWatch/status/911408528304123909 … @RonWyden
Tipsheet: JW found new #ClintonEmails proving pay-for-play, showed #Obama travel cost now tops $105+ million & more!
http://jwatch.us/BA86ti 
looks like you are a half a century behind. We already did this. How did you get elected knowing this little about everything?
So easy to criticize, a little more of a challenge to really solve a real problem without creating other problems.
stop
B's propoganda. You and others think women are weak as you?
Women like myself make more than men in my position.  Women cost companies more than women.  You are living the lie, drinking the koolaid
Instead of talking about pay gap, stand with women who oppose President Trump disrespecting women.  Make a statement.
Trying to distract from your bigotry? Women make less because of the amount of time spent out of the workforce. True, verifiable story
You are interpreting the data incorrectly.  You need to look at it job by job.  Female engineers for example makemorethan male engineers.
Why do you continue to perpetuate a totally debunked lie??
Hillary knows this best as she pays men more than women! So much for the freaking war on women!
Existing LAWS make it illegal to pay someone less for the same work based on gender!   Where are all the lawsuits?
Please follow me
So you make $136,000 a year as a senator compared to Schumer's 170K??
You seem to be doing ok!
I believe that's White women, which is bad enough. It's far worse for Black and Brown women.
Senators need to be publishing that color coded map!! No rest until everyone is treated equally!
How much do you make madam Senator?
The pay gap is based on merit pay. If  your boss doesn't 'like' you, no pay raise. U can't legislate respect.
Why do female strippers make more than when I strip, #equalpayformalestrippers
You do know its illegal to pay a woman less for being a woman right? The pay gap is a myth. Women just work lower paying jobs.
help us diane. please do NOT retire.
Look you had your chance over umpteen years to protect CA but you drove it to dog eat dog.  Bucknell for California
ought to be a law.  Oh wait, THERE IS!

Did you bypass health care, again like the first time
You didn’t seem to mind Hillary paying her female staff less than males. So doesn’t that make you a hypocrite?
What about your staffers? Women paid same as men?
In 8 years in office you haven't been able to solve this. What have you been doing
Most of that is from Democrats. Democrats should stop being hypocrites. Be fair.
It really bugs me that so many women deny the pay gap in the UK. If they've closed it, why the hell can't we???
FEW WOMEN WORK AS HARD AS A MAN DOES OR CAN. THEY NEED TO BE HOME RAISING THEIR KIDS. NOT NECESSARY TO LIVE SO HIGH
Such a lame talking point.
You pull that debunked gender warfare stuff like John Wayne pulls a gun.  It's in almost every script.
maybe suggest to the @GOP that women pay only 80% of the taxes in their new reform package??


A % of women choose to be stay at home moms...it will never be equal. Factoring this, the FemiNazis want higher pay than men.
Figures lie and liars figure.  That statistic is wrong and you know it or if u don't u should. Shame on you!
Wow, not onestate us 1:1 parity?
, we appreciate for all you done and what you stand for
Amen to that
Check out the Global Gender Gap report,  women's pay functions in proportion to # women in political leadership and women's health care.
pay doesn't equalize till there are women in government leadership positions who have great healthcare.  We rank 75th in the world.
If this were true (same position/experience etc) then wouldn't women be hired like crazy? It can't be the choice of jobs that women take...
Workplace discrimination: valid issue.
Are these for equally qualified,same time on job,same company results It seems my work life has been greatly different,female & treated fair
Especially in Fake-A-Hontas Elizabeth Warren’s office.
And they take off work 44% more time than their male counterparts. Cost more to employ by about 17%. Cause 50% of the headaches, too.
You might want to start in the DNC office....
Liar! 80% is fake number. It ignores hrs, time, experience, skill levels, etc.

Stop lying.
You're not helping anyone by misleading.
I certainly can't argue with you... the women in my life have wanted equality and gotten $.80 out of every one of my dollars.  "New Math?"
Gotta admit, that was pretty funny.
Leave this issue to actual feminists you caving grandma
Please find a new drum to beat.  Repeatedly, the pay gap has been shown to be due to UNEQUAL work.

That’s a lie
How is this a good thing? So wrong.
Stop using comparrisons that are not 1:1
Quiet
Elizabeth Warren doesn't want to pay women the same as men keep it on the down low
She should give back her pay
women have been on this earth as long as men can't get more equal opportunity than that, now who's fault is it they don't get equal pay
Would you stand with us?
The Medical Device Safety Act H.R. 2164 is important legislation to Essure Victims. Please sign this ASAP!  https://www.petition2congress.com/ctas/the-medical-device-safety-act-hr-2164 …  #essure 
Same old thing do-as-i-say-not-as-i-do
What about your gang member and swamp buddy Elizabeth Warren she doesn't believe in equal pay for her staff
I agree. Let's fix this problem. No excuses for inequality.
Wth? I am a woman and NEVER was paid less than a man in the same position. Pfft!
This myth is old & out dated .Many women are making 6 didget http://salaries.you  exploit women & minorities for just 1 reason,2 get vote
And for every 6 figure salary for women, men in the exact same jobs make 20% more
If you knew that it was only Rep women earning 80 cents would you then be so high & mighty to fight for them? I think NOT from past comments
Well contrary to popular belief liberal women stand up for all women, conservative women prefer to stand up with men and against other women
What flavor of Kool-Aid are you drinking - I want to be sure to avoid it!
The kind that allows true freedom, vs the kind that only allows freedom approved by some
Nice slogan unfortunately it is not in evidence on the side of the fence you are standing - Grass might be greener on other side, sheep!
I wonder if this pay gap is the same for women who choose to never marry and never have children? 100% work mode.
Let's expose the AWAN spy ring in Congress first 
@KimKSidePiece , See? This is real.
No it’s not
Uh oh
Only a motto for votes.  That is apparent when you do not berate those that attack Rep women or First Ladies.
Using yourself as an example, your not worth that much. Sorry as you are, we are not in support of more female bags of manure.
And if this is parity, then someone has a problem with simple math.
Which, when you read the fine print, is based on utter nonsense.  But keep pushing the critical theory, by all means.
