If that were my daughter I would fight for her revenge.
One last comment, she was a beautiful young lady who had a promising future. Don't ever forget her.
California can't slide into the ocean fast enough.......
What are you doing for LEGAL citizens? Homeless veterans? Did illegals vote you into office? @realDonaldTrump this should be investigated!
Do you see your DACA peeps on here supporting you? Do you read the responses to your tweet? Do you care about AMERICANS? Can you hear us?
We all know that your "base" is illegal aliens, would be nice if you fought this hard for American....
#fake #repealandreplace you in #congress  anti American hack.
Clean up S.F. homeless are shitting on the streets but I'm sure not on your street. It's disgusting the decay of the city.
You make me sick! Protecting illegal aliens over your own people is pathetic! You should be ashamed of yourself! 
And you will know them by the fruits of their labors. You don't keep non bearing fruit trees. You cut them and plant good stock.
Thank you for defending our friends, colleagues, neighbors that deserve a chance at the American Dream just like you and I. Keep fighting!
Well, I think you should pay for them, not tax payers
Those taxes pay for your roads, police, healthcare, etc. So at the very least they should have access to student loans and other services.
Good reply. Note that 11 dams are in horrible shape in Northern CA. Perhaps those people should be a priority!

He was deported. Lol
Remind me what you are doing to help our veterans? Last I heard VA still had obscene wait times, Vets not getting care, suicides rampant.
now the Manchester NH VA is being investigated, along with White River Junction VT WE NEED VA REFORM NOW tired of waiting
But our Senators are worried about Russia, pandering to illegals, fake man made climate change, & their summer vacation. Disgusting hacks
If only you showed any commitment at all to the American people the put you in office!
Your just interested in pandering to illegal immigrants so you can get re elected, you should be ashemed of yourself what about americans ?
Open your house up and support them, you have stolen enough money from us to help them. #GetRidOfDACA
I hope you & the other Dems commit your own $ & not tax payer $.
Apparently you have forgotten, you are supposed to be working FOR American citizens, not against.
You should be ashamed of yourself. U care more about illegal aliens than you do US citizens.
what about the Mexicans who came legally do you not like they did it the legal way.Are you more for illegals who committed a crime
Why aren't U committed 2protect American youth first?School choice,get rid of 'common core' n stop brainwashing our kids with ur leftist BS!
Sounds like you are brainwashed with the idea that "freedom of thought" is a threat to conservatives.
@DianeFeinstein YOU WILL BE VOTEd OUT!!! AmericanS FIRST NOT DACA
You mean future voters.
the supreme court ruled no amnesty for http://daca.You  doing this because you get 1 billion a year for illegals in your district
This is why you lose 1,000 seats. Illegals are the Democrat priority & taxpayers have had it! Move to Mexico and give them your money.
Because you care more for Illegals than American Citizens! We pay your salary, do your damn JOB! #daca
Another embarrassment from CA...they just have to mouth off to show how un-American they are
Wow. 225,000? Are you insane. Do you know how much this cost the taxpayers like me? Deport. They are illegal.
TRUMP IS DEPORTING DIFI'S VOTING BASE!!!
FRUIT OF THE POISONED TREE... NEED TO BE DEPORTED...
Why not protect the people who vote and pay taxes???
No DACA, deport all. They're edumacated in democrat ways, let them go home & spawn trouble in the communities they left, do dem good!
In other words, actively supporting lawlessness...
Stop pandering for votes and try protecting the legal citizens who vote legally!
So you want to protect foreign invaders but disarm Americans...  theres a word for that.
Yes,  I appreciate your good effort.
What about Americans!?! Defend us and OUR youth! RETIRE!
Why don't you TRY doing your job..protecting our CONSTITUTION. 
DON'T PROTECT CRIMINALS...
PROTECT AMERICANS.
We need to defend Americans!!!  Vets and American Seniors!!!  Not illegals!!!!
DEM GOAL ALWAYS...Stand Up For Illegals & Foreigners OVER AMERICAN CITIZENS/Allow Millions of Refugees To KILL OUR CULTURE & ALLOW THEIRS
Maybe the ideology of progressive democrats doesn't allow them to grasp the meaning & significance of culture in the first place
You have no dignity nor Regard for the citizens of the United States . You have enriched you and your family enough.
Isn't your state in serious debt? You can't afford what you've got. Isn't that ridiculous?
Hello Mrs.Feinstein when is California scheduled to go into bankruptcy? Asking for a friend
How about the people that voted you in? Oh sorry, same people, I'm guessing?
 got it.
This is treason! You're supposed to help CITIZENS of US & CA, not law breakers.
How about instead we #DefendTheCitizens & #SupportVeterans When ALL veterans have what need MAYBE we can talk Until then NO!!
DImms: We need those votes, damn it. They are into us for our dead and illegal voters!
We are committed to making sure you are not reelected
Why? Defend America's poor instead.
Lady, you're lucky you're in a state with more lunatics than sane people, otherwise you would have been voted out DECADES ago.
Voter ID 4 #daca?
You should be ARRESTED
When have you ever done anything good for American CITIZENS & children, Veterans, Police officers, firefighters, EMTs? #IdiotDems
Pfffff Better protect Ur bottom with thick pads.4 when fed up people N Cali pick U up by your skirt & throw U out of the office on it.
You oath to defend and protect the Constitution is not negotiable.
Defend DACA all the way into your annex from the United States of America. We don't want pedophiles as US citizens anyway. Good riddance.
They must go also!
You must defend Americans not people who spend my tax dollars! You Demorats are looking for a war! They have over stayed their welcome! #bye
Misspelled #DefundDACA
WHAT ABOUT TO PROTECT AMERICAN PEOPLE? YOU CORRUPT!!
I voted for "lock her up" , "build that wall" and "bring back jobs. " We the People want this @realDonaldTrump @POTUS . Let's #MAGA

Another Dem committed to using people as political props. You don't give a shit about these people and we know it.
Hell bent on making US citizens support illegals for the almighty vote! Scumbag Democrats!
Americans first ahole. Your actions say that foreigners come first
Why are you pandering to illegals?
Taxpayers are tired of there hard end dollars going to helping illegals. It's far time you start helping the legal citizens of California.
@Sen Feinatein, you have put a premium over millions of American youth who have struggled because of your failed policies. Enough!
I want to see the tweet where u take up for the American people!!!!!!!!!!!
564,708 homeless in the U.S and your worried about protecting 222,500 DreamersYou make me sick
For a second I thought you were a Senator from Baja California.
Born raised & still living in CA. U r not representing all of CA. The 14th Amend says that DACA r actually same citzshp as parents. U r done
So we now know that there is AT LEAST 222,500 illegally in CA
Knock yourself out!!!!!
I'm committed to see you defeated in 2018
That's also known as aiding and abetting
Get kickbacks for protecting gangs? Most cities in Cali are overrun with violent gangs. You protect them don't you? Course not your fault.
Just like a Socialist. Protect criminals, and have the gall to try to take people's only way to protect themselves.















Yes build the wall
All you who put illegals before citizens should be deported with them. California is going to emplode  because of Dems running the state.
Do you care about the homeless , the veterans or the abused in California? Yeah , didn't think so ! Go on protecting your illegals. SHAME !!
Is that all you've got? What about the other 10 million?
Idiot
Hey Senator, I know something you can do to help ALL Americans. How about pushing for TERM LIMITS. DC over many years causes corruption.
Those who pay your salary, Sen Dianne, are American taxpayers. Works for us, not for dreamers!
Statements like this encourages and emboldens people to keep coming to US illegally. Why do you place foreigners above us? To keep your job?
American born children are dreamers, too. Don't ever place illegals over them. The cost of educating these 222K is paid by taxpayers!
Ok but what are you actually doing (not resistance or investigations) for hard working tax payers in lower middle class?
I'm quite sure you have ZERO of them living in your neighborhood do you??
Just read the replies! We are not going to let you, your globalist masters, and your lying, colluded media dismantle our country!
That's great, we're going to build a wall.
u mean FUTURE DEMOCRATIC VOTERS, don't you! AMERICAN CITIZENS COME FIRST, THEY PAY UR SALARY!
I voted for lock her up , build that wall and bring back jobs. @realDonaldTrump @POTUS . Let's #MAGA
Resign immediately you America hater!!
Committed? Yes, you probably should be committed. To a long term locked Psychiatric unit. Until you are free of your psychosis.
About the same insanity as what you said about Hillary's E-Mails...
Wish you cared as much for citizens.
Shame on you! You must defend the American citizens! It's your job as senator from California. Your job isn't to replace citizens w/illegals
Because that is the only way you can be reelected?
Protecting illegal voters.
So illegals get preference over American Citizens? I wonder if a fireman could only save ur kid or an illegal, would U still choose illegal?
Awesome. Is it ok if a few of them move into your neighborhood? Or do they have to stay in cities you never visit? Fresno, r'side, salinas
No. They must ALL be deported immediately! You fu(king traitor
She has no conscience
Feinstein should be in the Mexican government since that's who's she's committed to protecting.
Be honest at least. You must protect your votes
#deport @ICEgov 
Please visit California, lots of illegals
It's all about what DiFi wants. She could give a hoot about her constituents.
Protect Americans ! That is who you were elected to represent not illegals.
Or you could do something revolutionary and stand up for, and protect, the American citizens that voted for you.
Good so were vlear on who needs purged
Of course you are. They're your voter base. How about serving the American people who put you in office?
Time to retire. Go home. Cook a meal or something

You should represent those who elected you to represent them. Illegals can't vote and shouldn't be here.
You do know that you're aiding & abetting criminals? They're here ILLEGALLY. They broke the law ...
Why are you wasting resources protecting illegals, when actual citizens in your state are poor and hurting? Shame on you! Enforce the LAW!
You are always there for those from other countries. Just not for those you swore to serve. I wonder why that is?
This outwardly desperate attempt to secure "future voters" is pathetic. You DEMs are in a death spiral & you know it! #AmericansFirst
Worried about losing voters?
And screw the rest of us, hey?
How much does the Cartel pay you and Jerry Brown to accomplish these feats? Also protecting MS13, illegal voting and more? #impeachfeinstein
how bout protecting us from ObamaCare! U know it is a failure and ruining lives! Do your job for the citizens too!!
soon illegals will be all U will have left. 100's of thousands of citizens have fled commiefornia already because of u & brown
So tell us again how u made ur fortune in politics?
This is Y ur party lost presidency.We figured out U didn't care very much for ur own people.
You are a terrible liar. #Resign. #MAGA
Maybe you should commit to the safety of Americans like Kate Steinle instead?
Take a nap Feinstein, your tired.
Deport and have them renter legally.
Protect homeless Veterans, are you mad wth your priorities??
I care about voting u out of office  for good
Where do citizens rate?
Why don't you care about US and California citizens?  I guess your catering to your voter base.
No we don't. Let's take care of our vets.
