Thank you!
Thank you for being an advocate for public education!
I understand the concern about limited experience. I like her policy of school choice for parents because the care about kids.
thank you. Please keep it up!
now that she is in what can we do? How do we stop her from dismantling public education and profit from students?
Because you voted against her, I know you support me and every other student. Not only in California, but all over. Thank you.
thank you for voting no on De Vos' nomination and for truly caring about public education. We have a lot of work ahead of us.
and teachers unions, right?
Translation:  We want the president to put forward a Democratic party candidate....
Republicans dont care half of them to busy hating, they cant read or write anyway. Good for ur no vote
Thanks for the NO vote.  Now, on to the next battle.
@IndivisibleCCCC Thank you! If this a filibuster, why don't they need 60 votes?
you want some teachers union lackey to keep our kids in failing schools while your great great grandkids go to private schools
Seems like the American public is more concerned about Walls than American children.
thank you.
Thank you @SenFeinstein
thank you for working for our kids.
thank you and please keep on fighting the good fight for us all
How about serve CHILDREN & PARENTS THE HELL WITH THE GREEDY TEACHERS UNIONS RETIRE old hag.
thank you!
Thank you!
thank you for voting no.  As a teacher and parent I am thankful for your vote
You were overruled yet again.....#MAGA #TRUMPTRAIN
You are not a leader.  It's a shame you follow the pack.
Thank you for doing the right thing Senator
You are not interested in citizens, just in being a Dem lackey and a slave to a failing party of obstruction.
way to back up your President with your vote.  I hope your voted out of office soon.  Republican  traitor.
well we tried, scary day for education
THANK YOU! Now we all have to be diligent and aware. #WeAreStrongerTogether
Thank you.
If the candidates were so qualified in the past, why is education a disaster? 
Especially dem controlled inner cities.
It's time for California to put forward a qualified candidate for senator.
well at least you tried. We know you have our backs!
thank you for fighting for us senator!
thank you Sen Feinstein.
sanity! thank you.
Thank you, Senator, for voting #NoonDeVos
@ClaudineKTVU
Straight from the mouth of another career politician.  TERM LIMITS, PLEASE. @SenFeinstein  is out of touch.
Vote YES as your constituents want or get out of office! SUPPORT @POTUS
.@SenFeinstein @IndivisibleSB Vote NO on Gorsuch, too. That #SCOTUSnominee is not Trump's to make.
Teachers' UNIONS certainly do not put the children first!
Now what!!???  #sham #Unqualified
TY for the hard work,for listening to Californians, Senator. That it ended up 50-50 is a small victory; you'll keep hearing us
40% of children in inner cities public schools are illiterate or do not graduate....what a great job you DEMS have done! LOL.
thank you for protecting CA students, parents and families. Sad day for education.
don't you mean unions!
thank you, Senator Feinstein.
you would vote yes for socialist Marxist teachings in public schools too.  You are the problem why children are falling behind
Thank you for voting No on DeVos.
thank you for voting no!
Thank you from Los Angeles.
You must now STAND IN THE WAY of EVERYTHING she attempts to do. My taxes WILL NOT PAY for private schools.
Thank you and all Democrats for fighting this nomination.
fine, then pass a law for tax deductions for those of us who want to send our kids to private school!!
@ClaudineKTVU yeah...we know. All dems will vote against EVERYTHING Pres. Trump proposes. So no real news here.
Congratulations! Your independent voice and bipartisan way working really well for CA. @BetsyDeVos is now new Sec of Education
...the Republicans sold their souls to the highest bidder. 2018 can't come soon enough. DeVos has no clue!
a lot of good that did!
Thank you for fighting for America's childrens' best interests. We must continue ensuring a strong public education for all.
thank you
@KamalaHarris   Thank you for your efforts.
Thank you!'
Thank you for trying. We will fix this. Hopefully sooner than later. Rs did a very stupid thing this morning. They will pay.
what can we do to stop this?
Thank you
devos demoralized
confirmed. What now?
thanks for your efforts!
Thank you for standing up for competence! Your voice is valued.
found your backbone I see
HaaHaa how did that work out for you Feinstein? I hope u will be out soon. All dinosaur need 2 go!
I thank all of you who opposed Betsy Devos.  Do republicans ever use their brains?
Thank you for your #NoonDeVos despite the outcome. Sad day moving forward for education.
Thank you, Sen. Feinstein. Grateful that you are one of my Senators.
why have you voted yes on all the othets. Where is the #RESIST?
As a constituent I want you to vote NO on everything. Show the GOP exactly the same courtesy they showed President Obama.
Thank you, Senator. 
A SAD DAY IN AMERICA!!!!
sad sad day for future of education for this country guess you can buy a seat at his table! I truly am sorry for this country
thank you!
Thank you for obstructing the trump agenda! #Indivisible
Thank you for your leadership! #NoOnDevos
Thank you!
And you best served us in California? We are in the dumps,all you care about is trying to destroy Trump! Pull your head out!
@ClaudineKTVU @SenFeinstein 
Black kids have suffered long enough
as a California resident, I thank you for voting #NoOnDeVos she is as unfit for office as our @potus SAD!
you're out of touch and need to retire
@1pattydaniel Please keep fighting the good fight senator
Thank you, Senator. Signed, a constituent.
Thank you!
Thank you for doing the right thing! #resist
thank you!!!! Now onto #stopsessions
Thank you Senator
Thank you Senator !
Thank you, Senator. Education is our foundation and our future, not only for kids, but through college & worker retraining!
Thank u for all you are doing!
thank you so much for your vote as my Senator! #holdthefloor
I'm sorry to hear that as I believe our education system can't continue 2 fail our kids & be run by unions. Wish you'd rethink
you have room to talk
Thank you Senator for voting #NoOnDevos
Thank-you!!!
I vote no on Feinstein
THANK YOU!
don't forget to vote #NoOnSessions too.  He is everything CA stands against.  Please remember that!
@WarrenCliisaac  what a unique idea. Someone qualified instead of someone bought the nomination
@KamalaHarris Thank you for representing CA and the children of the US 
You mean you are obstructing a Secratary that is a proponent for vouchers.  Confirm the Cabinet now!
really? I want some one who holds our tax money in stewardship.
thank you
Thank you Senator!!
thank you for standing up for the children of our country, our schools need help and an advocate, not sold out 4A profit
wont mke any difference  Evry single degenerate Trump pickd has gotn in 2scrw us! Dems dnt hav wht it takes 2get the job done!
and i will be voting for someone else for senator
Thank you Senator Feinstein, now resist Trump in every way you can. No more fascist appeasement!
thank you!
The PRESIDENT isn't even a qualified candidate!! Please #RESIST and fight this insanity before they all get us killed!!
thank you
Thank you!
Thank you!
Thank you Senator Feinstein for your opposition to DeVos. #NoOnDeVos #HoldTheFloor #Resist
thank you!!
@wjcoop No, you just want a far left liberal who will indoctrinate our kids.
Thank you for voting #NoOnDeVos. I had a great education in CA K-12 public school and B.S. from HSU. Now I'm a fed employee.
Thank you!
Thank you!
Thank god
thank you! Please keep up the opposition.
If only the citizens of your great state would do the same in referring to you, I'd be ok with it #voteno
thank you Senator
Thank your for your job by looking out for what is right by the people.
Thank you for voting No, now we just need one more GOP to vote no too!  Do the right thing people, please!

thank you for your representation!
THANK YOU. Free & appropriate education for children with special needs is not a state's rights issue. She is  unqualified.
thank you Sen Feinstein for listening to your voters and your consciense! Mothers of special needs children are against Betsy!
thank you. She is not qualified.
Thank you Senator Feinstein! #NoOnDeVos
Thank you senator!
Thank you, Senator Feinstein!
Thank you!
KNOWLEDGE makes a man UNFIT to be a SLAVE!  That is why Dems hate Devos. Keep ppl. under educated and non-thinkers, control.
thank you!!! 
Critical thinking has been stifled by Unions, Common Core & Progressive Educators! They are true detriment to our Kids~ @VP
Since you brag about independent bipartisan Senator on FP find few across the aisle buddies to STOP DeVos! California calling!

Unfortunately and not surprisingly, Mr.T does think she is the best qualified. Next he'll want a private army (Brown shirts)?
Thank you for your hard work to ensure we get a candidate that will best serve our children, teachers and parents!
You and your teachers union will never like anyone that our president puts up. Hope you will look at our poor cal education
hahaha!  You said children and parents when you meant to say teachers, teachers and teachers...
THANK YOU, Senator!
Your party failed the education system. Now time for you to back off. If this means voting for DeVos, so be it.
bs -  you only care about unions that have exploded cost of education delivery with poorer results.
Thank you, Senator.
thank you for voting #NoonDeVos
The Secretary of Education should serve teachers?  It's the other way around.
so you want a candidate who supports the corrupt teachers union that has ruined education in the inner cities
thank u for no on DeVos
the teachers union fears needed reform. Give parents the choice who will educate their children.
Thank you, Diane.  NO on DeVos!!!
because the last 8 years were so good for public education. Haha
thank you Diane!
#YesToDeVos 
The status quo is Unions before students
as my California Senator, thank you for voting against someone who not qualified at all.

there is one problem your so far in left field bye the time you get back in the game it'll be over wake up 
Thank you, Senator!!
thank you! How about the other nominees?
You mean the teachers' unions!

Corrupt, inept and unaffordable.
wasn't expecting miracles from you- I pity your constituents  who keep electing you - it must be the public edu! ! #NoOnDeVos
Thank you, Senator, for your #noDevos vote
@gayechapman Vote NO on DeVos, Sessions and more Dianne! We want u to #resist - don't get along.
where I live, people would give an organ not to have to send their kids to #democratic controlled public schools.
thank you
THANK YOU!!
Thank You!
https://twitter.com/ReaderAdrift/status/828981929122885632 … @SenatorCollins
 @lisamurkowski @SenJohnMcCain
This is the most frightening thing about this whole charade. Absolutely no senate check on Bannon and crew. https://twitter.com/SenFranken/status/828975579395477504 …
