Suppressing votes & disenfranchising voters by threats of privacy concerns. Plus a PAC of a Kobach supporter used to send out voter 1/
history to areas to intimidate voters through peer pressure. 2/
Exactly. What's stupid is they aren't getting NK is acting like a kid daring daddy to do something. They are trying to manipulate 1/
us into action to diminish our world power. And my money says Russia is working w/NK in the background. 2/
Never quit! Only Democrats & We the #Resistance are American Patriots
#TrumpRussiaCoverUp
#GOPTraitors
Thank you Senator for your efforts on this very sensitive and important issue. It fells like government standards are slowly eroding.
The dead line! They are up to no good !!
The reason why is simple, Mr Trump never felt it was his duty or responsibility to follow any laws. He pays lawyers to deal with his crap.
Does Congress as a whole ever get a "state of the world risk assessment?" Pakistan, North Korea, Iran, China and Russia. Congress aware?
The very fabric of our country is fraying...  Congressional duty is to protect the democracy from tyrannical actions
Thank you @SenFeinstein
Scary as hell
Any comments on @DWStweets  or is that ok?
And what about the leaks from Obama and Hillary?
Information was published to silence and intimidate.
Thank you Senator.
Senator, I'm suddenly getting emails from Republican "tea party" orgs. Is this the source????????
Hiding behind a facade of ineptness, they threatened those that would hold them accountable.
It's a warning shot to people who may be tempted to comment on more divisive issues: Share your opinion and people will know where you live.
Talk about #Leakers! Want to investigate THIS @USAGSessions ???
Is THIS where the Republicans got my email address for their horrid emails accusing Obama of treason????
I thought PII was supposed to be confidential and not be released. Did he release this to use for personal marketing campaigns or to punish?
Keep up the good work, Senator.  You'll always have my vote.
A real concern I have is, how much regulatory stuff is Trump getting away with while he makes noise to distract us from his real work.
I heard your interview this AM on the Andrea Mitchell program. Senator Feinstein, you are a mighty woman-wise, informed, and clear.
Oh good, that'll get you into Obama's IRS as well so I'll support that.
Thank you Senator Feinstein. We can always count on you to address the largest issues. I hope you can stop him!
Yeah why? Done during Obama administration.
Very unethical and immature
Trying to Scare  people
- GEE Senator, U are soooo concerned about this, but ignore the unmasking of hundreds of US citizens (including members of Congress)by Obama
PAPER Ballots NEXT YEAR ONLY! If Trump is not in jail and everyone should be pulling their voter registration and then reregister before
Chilling effect to make people less likely to challenge or critiscise.
This is intimidation! Wrong! Keep fighting!
Revenge no doubt
Thank you for standing up to this authoritarian regime. And letting the public know what is going on. Who can keep up any more?
Any answer will just be another lie
@SpeakerRyan @GOP @SenateMajLdr
How dare we question our Despot?  It's on you, do something!
 #impeachTrump 
Let us know what you find please
Thank you senator
Interesting! Perhaps there is hope for you yet ... a small, fleeting glimmer of hope.
Thank you Senator
So we should impeach him
Thx Senator. Situation is ironic that the ones who were brave enough to express their concerns about privacy ended up losing their privacy!
Big brother much...
Thank you.
Maybe @realDonaldTrump is trying to get his 2 amendment psychos. To do his dirty work for him

Or maybe they're just epically incompetent
They did it because this WH is vindictive from top down.
Thank you for your diligence!
Well done this find. This will not go well. It really won't go well.
from a San Francisco girl... thank you.
Petty retaliation - Trump's MO.
Thank you, senator.
Please retire!!!
Thank you. That commission is a scam. They are working on #votersuppression , they are purging voter rolls in Georgia from what I heard
Thank you Senator!  I feel like this hasn't got near as much attention as it should.  It's a major violation of, at the very least, trust.
Thank you!
So whenever we sign a petition, write a letter, leave a voicemail, express opinion/concern,our personal info is open to public? This is nuts
A clear violation of information security, isn't this?
Give us a break Feinstein. Your liberal cronies in the White House have leaked classified information!!!  Get off the bench..& in the game
Thank you for important letter. Thank you!
Thank you Senator!
Trump and he WHO is out of control
WH *
And the "voting commission" wants everyone's personal information? They couldn't even tell real emails vs fake emails and responsed to them!
California's senators are badass!
Left side. Best side. *winks
mas info
I think if they publish then we should be able to see their personal information!!
The answer is sure to be, "I was joking."
Saves the time of filing FOIA.
Wondering if Americans hesitate to contact this White House & express dissent becuz of these deplorable type of actions.   Concern 4 
Obama White House published personal information of CIA operatives.
Combo of spitefulness and attempted intimidation/threat
Autocratic strategic move How far are We away from total destruction of norms and recommended protocols?!
Thank you so much for your vigilance, Senator Feinstein.
From a constituent.
Thank you for having our backs and our best interests in mind.
1) The rules don't apply to them (so they think and so they act).
2) Harassment, pure and simple.
Thank you. I was wondering when the WH was gonna explain why they doxxed all those Americans.
The White House must be held accountable. This is a criminal action
OK. Thank you, Patty, for following Senator Feinstein. I will not follow any politician. I trust you; even if we do not agree. @joshgroban
This is horrible! Thank you for working to keep us safe from this administration!
Senator, there is EVERY voter, 200 MILLION left on net unsecured thx to GOP, please read this OLD news.
That's called intimidation while hoping to claim error or deniability
Thank you Senator. I did notice that at least one page is missing. Is this an over site or for security purposes? #TheTeflonDon #Resist
Because they are intimidating and vindictive. It's all ordered to be done by, "you know who," whom else?
They’ll blame it on an intern because they’re the party of accountability.
Thank you!!!
Because they can. And because they are indecent, immoral, incompetent, irresponsible and hopefully, soon irrelevant
Why? Because they are incompetent. Period.
White House is doxxing it's own citizens who express concerns directly & privately? Please tell me Congress will do something of consequence
Thank you. Please continue the diligence.
Thank you.  His family has non-disclosure protections.  We also deserve privacy.
Scary.
Fact: 61% of hard working Americans don't like the Democratic Party !! Democrats =obstructionist ! Get it ???
Calling ACLU
Ikr? This is insane. He's trying to change us into a police State...
Thank you for being our voice so many times ca you so lucky to have you
Thank you for pursuing this!
Why that's like Russia an invasion of privacy
Thank you! Go get 'em @SenFeinstein!
Please do!!
Why? Why is our government doing these things? Why???? Why can't they be stopped? Why can't Trump be impeached and get it over with? Why?
Whatever happened to our rights to privacy???
Why? Retaliation.
Because they're incompetent fools.
Thank you. Doxxing people to intimidate is the mark of authoritarianism. #NotInAmerica
This is just unacceptable. Than you senator for tackling this
The Administration are the traitors liars to the country and the people we the people make the country not traitors to the country. Loyalty
The #WhiteHouseChaos has got to stop.  We must not let their chaos continue to seep into the citizens of our great country. Keep asking.Why?
This craziness of Trump has gone to far needs to be stop GOP stand up for the people and stop defending the traitors the people are loyal
Do you have a timetable as to when you expect a reply?  What actions can be taken if they refuse to respond?  #resistance
Thank you.  Keep asking. We need your persistence.
Thank you Senator Feinstein
Glad you are dealing with what that jerk did.
they did it because they CAN.
Thank you. Please hold their faces to the fire
@realDonaldTrump - Because this mental midget of a fake pres. can not "make any deal" without coercion. He is a mouth breathing moron!
Thank you.
Speaking of #DataSecurity what are you prepared to do about #AwanBrothers #DNC data compromise...
Thank you Senator, we all appreciate what you are doing for the people
Doxxing the opposition.

Start PROSECUTION.
IMPEACH IMPEACH IMPEACH
Mob boss tactics. Intimidate citizens. 1st amendment suppression. Thank you for all you do. #democratsprotectamericans #gophurtsamericans
Thank you for fighting for us!
Thank you, Senator. There are many times I want to make comments to the @WhiteHouse but I don't trust this administration
I have great concerns.  My immigrant grandfather bore the stigma of "Enemy alien" as neighbors felt emboldened w/private information WWII.
That is a disgraceful what else is new with this terrible regime of mafia people
Every day another incompetent act, or intimidation!  How much more will we have to put up with! Thank you Senator Feinstein!
How about finding out who and why Obama White House unmask citizens first instead of trying to deflect from that senator
Unbelievable !!!! Publishing this info is meant to send a message and scare folks into silence. @realDonaldTrump #Republican FAIL
Or alert the Trump thug squad to who/where they are . This Is fascistic behavior.
@SenBobCasey @SenSchumer @SenFranken @RepSwalwell
Terrible. We have a right to privacy.
I am so proud and grateful you are one of the senators for California.  Thank you for your vigilant and continual service.
This is very concerning.
Honestly, what gives with this WH? It just gets worse.
This is outrageous!
They did it as payback because they didn't like the feedback they were getting. Hold them accountable.
#thisisnotnormal #OnTyranny
Making targets of ordinary private citizens who criticize him: one more example of shameless, thin skinned Bully in Chief.
More than that. It's tyranny.
Ask Samantha Power.  Oh, and what's up with DWS and her IT guy?
This White House will go down as the most vindictive and lack decorum in all sense. #Shameless
Thanks Diane for your work.
I am sure they took one look and threw it in the trash. This Admin is above the law and we are loosing Democracy
Thanks, Senator!
And yet no complaints from you about the unmasking done under Obama. Your hypocrisy is astounding.
Sanction @realDonaldTrump
Is this about the Susan Rice illegal unmasking?
If he's going to share people's private info, then we need those tax returns and current financials. Thank you shining light in dark places.
Thank you
Thank you @SenFeinstein Even w/disclosure warning, citizens should be safe 2 comm w/gov w/o fear of exposure. This is so dangerous.
Thank you for seeking. We appreciate it sincerely.
Let's get the answers Senator because from this citizen's vantage point it looks like doxxing. The WH going after the opposition. Mmmmm.
We know why, the question is what will be done about it?
@SenFeinstein - thank you. Also, please address the immigrant abuse victims' names and personal info that was released on Gov. web site.
I should clarify: immigrants who were abused. Their personal info, including addresses & phone #'s, were released onto the ICE website.
Thank you Sen Feinstein. Please protect our privacy! This WH lacks ethics, values & trustworthiness, the use & abuse everyone.
Intimidation tactics that result in voter suppression.
Despicable that the Executive Branch would stoop this low
How about answers concerning   #DebbieDoesPrison  IT guy that had free reign on State Secrets. No interest in that?  Didn't think so !!
And when Obama did and is still doing corrupt things you say nothing? You are guilty of shielding that soab
What is this??? What?!
There was a warning issued, which is pretty standard with most public formats.  I do believe your trying to scare people.
Thank you.

THIS IS AWFUL! WISH WE COULD SUE THEM!
Thank you all for taking this issue seriously. If we cannot trust our government to enforce laws and protect our interest, then who?
Glad you are, this was so wrong!!
When you have the POWER and you want to be SPITEFUL & your BOSS has said for decades ITS ALWAYS ABOUT THE REVENGE, THIS IS ADMN YOU GET
A serving of revenge with voter suppression sprinkles
Whatever your justification, it's still wrong. It's intimidation of citizens, an implicit abridgment of 1st Amendment
OMG Sen. Feinstein. This is amazing.
Thank you
Thank you.
Thank you!!
Thank you!
Thank you!!
Illegal voter fraud. Democrats indispensable voting block. And it's going away.
Thank you senator.
Because The People's House is under siege by a Traitor and TraitorTrump is a known criminal. What other answers do you need Sanator?
"The people's house is under seige." Well said.
Is there nobend to their deception?
Thank you for your vigilance. Stay on them, for the sake of our country and the health and future of our democracy.
Meanwhile at the DNC and Debbie's house...
Thank you keeping us aware of what is happening away from the daily chaos. We seem to be moving towards dark times in our history.
Intimidation of course.
"Rogue Agents?"
Nice @realDonaldTrump.  Since you can't win on the merits, you provide names etc to your goons for harassment and death threats.  Third wrld
Thanks @SenFeinstein for calling this thug behavior out.
Thank you @SenFeinstein!
the answer lies somewhere between "efforts at intimidation" and "rank incompetence"
45,000 duplicate votes 2016 election #Democrats should be worried about integrity of the vote
Just more #fakenews and #propaganda.
Thank You Sen They had no right to publish personal imformation
Thank you!
