Its time to end the program!!!!!!  When will you get it through the thick head Dianne!!!!
They deserve to go home in peace, get on line & work their way back. Like the original immigrants, in this nation of immigrants, got here.
THIS IS THEIR HOME. THEY WERE BORN HERE.
The get free college because all they are is far left, anti-American propaganda mills, financed by of the middle class they despise.
But that's what Obama left them,fear that his unconstitutional action wouldn't hold up. You can thank him for any fear they now live under.
Calm down!! They will b fine your so self righteous
No they didn't! They broke the law when they crossed illegally!!sure there willing to now their here living off us!!
They are here for freebies
They have done more than others on visas. They deserve to be allowed to apply for citizenship without additional requirements. #Americans
The two have nothing to do with each other.  It has never been support for veterans or support for dreamers.
I can,take it any more My daughter will not talk to me because of Trump he has turned my family on me.it is in God's hands.
Why Have Immigration Law If It's Thwarted?  Senator, You Only Want New Democrats...Sinful!
She should be fired for being a idiot
Get out of our country
Still broke the law. Illegal is illegal.
#EndDACAnow  #Dreamers are Illegial Aliens
No such word #Dreamers Obozo coined term for Illegials 

Most of them haven't complied with the requirements, why do you mislead your voters??
Including mooch off the backs of LEGAL AMERICAN CITIZENS!
DO SOMETHING!
YES!! Thank you for representing CA and standing up for our friends and neighbors under DACA
Just plain downright evil There is a special place for him in hell
They don't need to live here in fear. They can go to their birth home and feel welcomed.
Here's what we think of the federal government 
Illegal is illegal. They get to try again, the legal way.
He just kicked them out!!!! Just breaking.
This is cruel sadistic & evil! These kids were protected by BO. The orange-haired creature has no right 2 take away that freedom. Karma DT!!
Please do all you can to keep it this way. #keepDACA
Thank you for speaking up.
They also work using real citizens social security number n they rape n kill ppl
Yes I'll be shocked if the racist n chief doesn't have them iced.
A solution in search of a problem
Go back to your gulible home state and tell them your lies.
But you want us to give 45 a chance.
#DACA Is unconstitutional, Senator. Why do you support a law that goes against our constitution? #AmericaFirst
1)Except be here legally. Their parents should've just gone through the system and all these troubles would never exist. It's common sense!
Like other Americans they will learn to earn what they gain then become Great Americans able to stand on their own two.
#Borderwall w/ Mexico is REDICULOUS! Our relationship w/ these ppl is older than most southwest states. IT'S our LEADERS that f***ed it up!
We need Congress to pass legislation this week on immigration. Can't leave this in the hands of a lunatic President
Unfortunately,some have become criminals & #AntifaTerrorists They & the corrupt media will keep attacking @POTUS even if he helps them #DACA
@realDonaldTrump Since December 2016, u went soft on the #Dreamers but them @ the #corrupt #FakeNewsMedia keep attacking u every SINGLE day!
The hate @cnn has created is irrational
Here's the spy #Republican who donates money 2 the #Democrats She's one of the #racebaiting #NoDACA
You're right they should not live in fear.  Send them back home. They don't belong here.
Time to deport. Their parents knew the risk.
What they deserve is swift deportation and waiting in line like everyone else. Leftists, always with their endorsement of criminality.
The federal law asked them to come here legally
It's about time you remembered where you live
They have taken away resources from all of us. They got free schooling paid for by American Citizens.
Unfortunately we all live in fear under this terrible potus.
Correct - they deserve to go home to where they were born.
You’re a small person, aren’t you?
Send them back!!!!  They are a drain on our system!!!!
If lawmakers support breaking laws then I have to ask myself why we should follow any of their laws.
Trumps reign of terror: millions afraid to be deported, to lose health insurance, social security, jobs and hope for stability
yes.. and DJT does not deserve to stay in the WH.
@SenFeinstein, plz support the #DefendDACA candidate for Jeff Sessions' old seat in Alabama #DougJonesforSenate
(1/3) I am speechless that a candidate for US Senate does not know what DACA is.  I know what DACA is & I support it https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2017/09/01/pardon-the-dreamer-program-the-leading-candidate-in-alabamas-senate-race-just-had-a-what-is-aleppo-moment/ …
U should not have lied http://Dianne.how  can you sleep at night knowing you are exploiting these people for a Liberal vote. you r not
Get out of our country
Nothing to fear, if they just go home!
Write a bill
I wish you Democrats fought this hard for citizens
Everything expect coming to this country legally and going through the immigration system.
How did U ever get elected LEGALLY!
They deserve to be deported so they can become Captains of Industry and Statesmen in their home nations and raise them up to the 1st World.
It's tweets demanding that there be no Texas Flood Relief? Like are you totally batcrap insane?!
You forgot the main thing being legal to begin with not illegal proper channels so the citizens of America don't have to suffer.
Then maybe you shouldn't have tried to normalize Trump. You don't get it both ways.
Neither do the hard working citizens of this great country who have been victimized by criminal illegal immigrants!
Except they are in the US illegally. Govt didn't ask them to come illegally. #ruleoflaw #EndDACA #enddacanow
There should be stricter consequences for his horrific, damaging & decisive comments:
It is time to stop tweeting & start legislating. Do your job. Stop the Trump war on America. Save DACA, save the ACA. Get active. #resist
How about stealing identities to get jobs? Ss #s?
DACA must be defended. This is about to become my #1 priority.
Ma'am, if you break the law, there is or should be a consequence, not a reward...to continue to reward breaking a law is quite asinine!
If Dreamers are forced out of the economy, 7K+ jobs would need to be filled. Wanna bet there aren't 7K+ "real" Americans ready to fill them?
and you don't deserve to have been in office for 25 years Madam Senator, but all things come to an end. #MAGA #DUMPDACA
We have some homeless families in Texas with small kids. Can you please allow one or two to come stay at your big house for a few weeks?
every time you write you betray ameican citizens in favor of illegals:  maybe you could spend more time with McCain:)))  virus cancer
End the program.  Supposed to permit beneficiaries to receive work authorization and remain in the country temporarily not permanently
... even if they haven't done 'everything,' nobody deserves to live in fear.
Fear of going home? How do they get jobs without ss#s? Stealing them that's how.
Another Democrat hypocrite. Cry "Oh, poor DACA Kids" for two years. First chance you get to help them? "No, because we must obstruct Trump."
Time for Dems to call for Trump to step down.
They only fear losing their exempt status.  They'll live.
Just be Humane, even if Trump & the GOP White bigots can't.
Blame the illegal parents not our laws
http://www.amazon.com/dp/1549646745/ref=cm_sw_r_tw_dp_x_cqSQzbRBSDDZH … … … via @amazon Education is important to Keep DACA deportation from happening. Free look inside: Click pic below:
END DACA NOW! Sorry! Ur parents broke the law & ur caught in the middle but after u get deported ur parents can explain what they did wrong!
I agree!!!
Illegals have every right to fear deportation.... It's the law.
Another of President Obama policies 45 is intent to get rid of,  not withstanding who it effects, but espcially if it's minorities
They don't have to they can go back home
@realDonaldTrump America Want to see Melania's papers!!!!
#HERETOSTAY
Great People like: Paramedic Jesus Contreras Who Rescued Harvey Victims May Be Deported If Trump Ends #DACA https://www.buzzfeed.com/adolfoflores/daca-rescuer-hurricane-harvey?utm_term=.pgdlwkA8o … …
So what? People in Mexico can use his help and knowledge from his training. He can re-enter legally if he wants.
They need to go home. AMERICA FIRST !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Nope they start over and do it legal. Why is this so HARD for you to understand. No I.D. no Vote for u
@POTUS: Prove you're not owned by KKK, Nazis, white supremacists. Don't kill DACA Dreamers. http://politi.co/2gwUIhi  #DefendDACA #HereToStay
I did everything the party asked of me and that still pay slanders mob My own money to smear and harass me
If they APPLIED and were accepted, enrolled, are current Ok. If not they need to go
Except to be here legally
This is like a reality show for Trump. Keeping ppl  in suspense until Tuesday. Just cruel#DACA

What team are ya playin' for Senator? Patience? Patience? Give us a freakin' break.
Humanity?
& vets don't deserve to be homeless.  American family dreamers deserve opportunities.  My taxes should go to my fellow Americans
Senator you are so wrong. Because you cannot understand our constitution you are unfit to serve so resign.
Why should DACA get instant priority over LEGAL IMMIGRANTS who have waited 13 years to come here?    Dreamers deserve deportation.
Sadly 45 will likely send them away  up just to be contrary.  Good news: we have laws and courts to stop him the way they stopped Reagan.
KILL DACA NOW! It's a disaster in the making! It will DESTROY AMERICA!!! MAGAN TRUMP WE TRUST           2020
Our govt should be mitigating fear not increasing fear
Let's get back to following the rule of law. We don't need more laws. Enforce the law on the books. Change the law, are you not a lawmaker?
They should be patient with @realDonaldTrump though, right?
why... the more time he's there the worse it gets and the probability increases...

Except come to America legally.
We invest billions of dollars in the hope that young people will succeed and pay it foward. Repealing DACA wastes that investment.
Nothing to REPEAL. DACA EO is NOT US Law
How about rescind then.
This program needs to end and now!
Bull just like in the hurricane were supporting their rescue
Not feeling for illegals here for YEARS and never applied for citizenship but they knew where the food stamp office social security for SSI
Wrong again....and many illegals have stilen social security numbers.  illegal to ask about immigration status for ANY gov assistance.
Boy you need to take a ride to Texas ..you from France telling me what is a fact. Want to talk about our ER rooms???
Well u should stay there. They are the most liberal country there is....
Everything but apply for citizenship...children that adults now in college should have gotten in line...
Then abolish the IRS. The worst terrorist organization in the world.
#defendDACA #defendDACA #defendDACA #defendDACA #defendDACA #defendDACA #defendDACA #defendDACA #defendDACA #defendDACA #defendDACA
Don't worry, 45 will make a good president, just give him time!
#DoneWithFeinstein.
#saveDACA
Families together in Mexico.
And yet you still cling to the belief that a 70-yr old pu$$y-grabbing  racist will "learn  & change" & "be a good president"... #sad
And yet you still cling to the belief that a 70-yr old pu$$y-grabbing racist will "learn  & change" & "be a good president"... #sad
#GoneTomorrow
Again should they be patient and wait for trump to choose ange. Do you honestly believe he will?
Either do the 1000's of the families waiting to get here the right legal way! #legalimmigrants1st
trump's sadistic sociopathic 'policy' threat is demeaning and dehumanizing and uber UnAmerican. #DefendDACA
I know the fear that I experienced laying in the hospital on watching the vote on the ACA… It's nothing in comparison- those poor people!!!
Here to stay "illegal criminal immigrants " in your "sanctuary city" San Francisco.... Dianne ??
I disagree with you. I'm a leftist but this is the 1 thing I agree with @realDonaldTrump. Dreamers are illegals & must be deported
Illegal immigrants get free pass 2USA for two reasons. Corruption&Votes. Redistribution of taxpayers $$$ bring millions of illegals2America
The reason we have dreamers is because of you and other senators with the same mindset. A wall n immigration law enforcement: No dreamers
Why don't YOU take someone's place. Give up ur day job & all ur money in the bank. That should work out very nicely!!!
I don't think we should generalize them as a group, those that have follow the program as intended should stay. Those that did not should go
Californian's deserve not to have self serving Politicians ignore Federal Immigration laws only. CONVERSION VOTES 4CORRUPTED POLITICAL POWER
MS 13 is killing our youth with drugs. Unlawfully allowed here by that Ass Obama.  @realDonaldTrump 
KEEP YOUR CAMPAIGN PROMISE
I cannot even imagine what they're going through today just waiting to hear their fate on Tuesday
Well that's the Problem Senator. Unlawfully allowed he by a President that had No respect for our Constitution. Illegal is illegal END DACA
So #ImpeachTrump do it for #DACA
No they don't, nor transgenders, nor women, nor blacks,  environmentalists, scientists, elderly, poor, Jewish...etc. @realDonaldTrump
We know. Trump is playing with their lives. He will NEVER change
Untrue 100%. They were here b4 DACA - none were scared.
DACA was an illegal act perpetrated by Obama. DACA had an end date which is approaching now.  So, illegals knew renewal might never occur.

We have some Texans in need of place to stay. Can you take a family or two at your house?
Obey the law deport them.
Why have laws if they don't get enforced?
Because we're not heartless cretins. Certain laws are harmful to actual human beings, and will destroy lives.
DACA is unconstitutional. REMEMBER your oath of office.  Law is not emotional it is reason.
Obama put us in this mess. The president can not make law but you let him. Weak very weak to plead now Dianne
And you want to give Trump a chance? Bus agenda is to undo anything Obama did. But let's give him a chance #shameonyou
Doris, we have some families who need a place to stay from Texas. Can you open your door to a family with small kids?
#FakePresident is a POS. #ImpeachTrump
the reason the middle class rejected democratic rule is just because of issue positions like this:)))) no support for real ameicans
You should be worried about the fires in California and other problems of legal Americans instead of DACA
Just horrible what that corrupt, racist traitor is putting these people through. Stay strong he's going to prison #TeamPatriot to see all
Democrats are always doing something illegal, they have no respect for the Constitution
DAVA was never approved by congress.
Senator with all due respect.They are illegal and we tax payers can't pay for their free Tuition.Instead work on a bill for legaltuitionfree
How do you know?Stop defending them & Senator must write a bill free tuition for the Legal ones.DACA is Unconstitutional & must be stopped.
Why should white people live in fear??? Kate's Law????
What have they done to become citizens?
The old fed govt. new president new rules- get over it. #Come in legally
Except obey the law of the land. Choosing instead to not apply for legal citizenship Obama gave them that chance by implementing DACA.
why don't you support American's? many live in profound poverty. you live off the govt dime dianne fake-stein
Good Saturday, Sen.Dianne Feinstein,  will be seeing you again soon in  Washington D.C. when the U.S. SENATE convenes  again after LABOR DAY
If you TRULY CARED about them YOU AND YOUR ILK would have worked for them to be U.S. CITIZENS, but in fact YOU AND THE DEMS WANT SLAVES
THAT DOESN'T CHANGE FACT THEY ARE STILL  ILLEGAL. WHY HAVEN'T THEIR PARENTS FILED PAPERWORK LIKE EVERY OTHER IMMIGRANT WHO COMES TO THE USA.
The only thing that they haven't done is to become LEGAL... Those like yourself want a class of SERFS to be CHEAP LABOR, i.e. SLAVE CLASS
Sen. Feinstein if you don't want daca kids to live in fear stop the sanctuary cities in your state!! Wake up you could have made a deal.
Once we deport them, they won't live in fear any more.
Except for that part about entering the country legally right?
Except come here legally.
Maybe conservatives would support DACA if the democrats could be trusted to uphold immigration law. But, they can't be trusted
Everything ???? I think you're forgetting legal entry!!!!!
Fear is What DEMOCRAPS R About
Yeah the fear of selling out American Citizens
When will DACA end? It's incentive 4 more illegals 2 come w/children & YOUR sympathy so they ALL stay! They R cutting legal migration line!
they have not become legal residents....they are illegal aliens.....get legal or be subject to deportation.
And they maintain *spotless* records and eduction and employment requirements. I challenge the white trash trump supporters to compare.

your party created this mess Senator. #MAGA #endDACA
Please do your job. Impeach. Remove.
