Yes let's start with the Coal Miner's putting them out of work see how that works for the Democrats
Coal mines opening Betsy sends children to work cuz parents are dying from cancer due to the mines but have no healthcare! Dude it's 2017
They are so unionized over there they take every precaution to maintain their health but the choice is theirs not ours
Healthcare is not a right it is a privilege having a cell phone is not a right it's also a privilege but everybody wants one. Who pays?
Healthcare is a basic human right! Comparison to a cellphone which is a privilege is ridiculous! So a sick newborn baby just dies ?
The idea was that Healthcare or a cell phone nobody should be able to pay for that but yourself
When uninsured ppl go to an emergency room they are indeed seen however for the middle class get bills that bankrupt them the poor we pay SO
Not to mention er's aren't free clinics or drs offices and do not treat patients as such & ppl who need regular care do what?
But greedy CEOs have republicans in their pockets!
It certainly seems that The GOP is concerned only with the rich, terribly disappointing.
Do you not look at your own party? The problem is you think R's are bought, yet you ran HRC for potus. The disconnect is real
Actually agree.  Desperate choices, we should have fully embraced @BernieSanders and admitted how govt works best for majority of taxpayers
Fabulous idea. Let's see how well that's working in Venezuela. I highly advise you experience it for yourself. It'll wake you up fast
I think we are miles away from Venezuela by asking for a government that works for all taxpayers... not just the 1%
The lie you keep telling yourself is there wouldn't be a 1%. Ex. Bernie wife gets in legal trouble, why didn't she use court appt attorney?
Ohhh because capitalism allowed him to make more money and buy high powered attorneys. True man of his word, a communist leech
#ABetterDeal means #SinglePayerNow #MedicareForAll THIS is THE ISSUE. Without health, the rest doesn't matter.  Democrats need to WAKE UP.
Wholeheartedly agree how can you look in a sick child's eyes and not want to provide the best care no matter the family income?
Exactly why #SinglePayer must prevail, my friend.
I also feel SINGLE PAYER can be handled even if it contains 2 or 3 options within it. We have lots of people to serve start writing Congress
The "free market" will be there for the wealthy to buy private insurance, don't worry about that part 
Lobby 4 insurance deregulation & reps not exempt selves from laws if u want 2 c a real difference my friend
ACA was already a ton of insurance deregulation, which lead to small companies gobbled up by bigger. want more of the same? Don't see it.
I want outta state sales competition. Not Corp mergers like exxon. Regulate that
"Expenses"? You mean like my HC Premiums jumping from $385 per mo to $1500 PER MO? Those expenses? Pls don't "work" for me. Just go away!
They were doing that back in 2008 which is why everybody voted for Obamacare. They expected single payor. Pelosi adopted Heritage Found plan
Then why won't you address the rising cost of #healthcare by adopting #SinglePayer as part of your #BetterDeal?
Look up CHIP Comprehensive Health Insurance Program introduced to Congress 1974 or 76 by President Nixon.
Trump had only been in power for just over six months.  If this is a key issue, blame has to be laid at the party in power for the last 8 yr
Needs to be blamed on those who put special interests before people, that's regarding both sides of the aisle. Goes back longer than 8 years
It goes back through my lifetime... that means that both parties have been screwing us at least 36 years... that includes our CA senator...
Great and that is true
What are you doing to push #HR676 out of committees and to the public for review?
Add universal healthcare and you might save our lives too! Huge costs killing our cash flow! @ChrisMurphyCT @SenateMajLdr @dscc
If only the GOP would try to help the 98% of us, too.
Really? You mean President Trump don't you? You guys haven't done nothing but bring about evil!
No you're the ones that brought the evil and you've been doing so ever since Nixon. Eisenhower was the last good Republican.
Democrats started the trend and the POTUS was trying to reverse it.  A better deal coming from the same ppl that put us here. NO!
We know what #ABetterDeal looks like already
The Republicans are too stupid to realize this. The step-up step-down Transformers are only made in two countries. One bomb one missile 1870
No u working 2 have me support others. Ur buying votes. Over taxed-no representation
Datestamp must be wrong. Surely, you tweeted this two years ago?
Another meaningless, confusing, stupid hashtag from @TheDemocrats ! Why can't you just keep it simple with #Medicare4All ?Americans get that
You caused it.
Just better not Great no thanks.
Single payer gives the government the right to decide who lives and who dies are you people crazy. Its hard enough to get a referral now
No.  You're really not.. You're much more interested in taking more away from hard workers and giving it to losers
I wondr if this has anything 2do w/ CAMPAING FINANCE... Nah, t/rich buying politicians I'm sure has nothing 2do w/ policies making em richer
When are you and the Democrats going to realize that shielding the grid is the most important economic and Military objective we have.
A Better Deal. The US is in the state that it's in because of Obama for the last 8 years. Now all of a sudden you want to help..
So true, I market frequently, food prices raised consistently it's scary
Dianne
When you say the gas tax in California comes from a lie
Made by @JerryBrownGov 
"No new tax's without 
Voter approval" 
Voters chose their reps. Reps did their job, the job voters put them there to do.
His statements means 
on the Ballot..
We vote on it directly 
I know that. I was making the point that we elect reps to do these things, and can vote them out if they don't do their jobs.
Not in California we can't , majority of the voters are extremely ignorant
So, you're arguing in favor of what form of government instead???
You could save the average family $1000-5000 per year thru #SinglePayer #Medicare4All. And everyone would be covered!
Explain how that works please.
I suggest you hit the trusty Google machine, but this article is a start. #SinglePayer #Medicare4All
Thanks for the link. The problem with single payer is 127M people working full time with payroll deductions trying to cover 330M.
We can work out the financing of it. Bottom line is #SinglePayer would be far cheaper than the current system, and leave nobody out.


What about tbe deal your busband has to sell the Post Offices. He is the agent looks likd you both will make millions
YOU HAD 8 YEARS.....WHAT HAPPENED?
Going to take more than a cheesy name to promote the lib agenda!
Sen Fein., r u talking about the Senate & House Committee expenses 4 an investigation that hasn't concluded anything in 1 Year!
since when are you working on reversing that trend, sure as hell haven't done anything in the last eight years
Trump voters you much have a cold  to take health care,I am glad I listen to God and he won't sale u out. Like Trump,I can't believe people
So you guys just really went with that same platform that lost to trump? Cool glad you got on that ball ...in the overgrown field #fail
You people that stand with Trump are going to be. Very sad when they impeach,I think it is a shame what he is doing.
Forget the names Dem,Republicans,This is our country,U know what Trump is.doing get them out Russia in WH,He wants to be a Dictator.
I'm with you !
YEAH, RIGHT! I AM NOW MAKING 895/MO IN L.A. HOW THE _UCK AM I SUPPOSED TO LIVE? #GOVTREFORM #VANQUISHGOVT #KILLPOLITICIANS
After you husbands billion dollar deal tell us about your concern for the working men and women of America.   What a joke
Tax is more and send the jobs over sea that will be great! If I was a commie
You started that trend with Obama
I think y'all have when Bill Clinton was President the deficit was in the black we all had jobs we was making money and we was saving money
Then give us #TaxReform!!! That will do the most good for working people! Dems need to work with Repubs on this. ASAP
Typical Dem magical thinking regarding the economy...We will MAKE prices fall and wages rise! (Exactly the opposite of last 8 years...)
Laughable
Sounds like #ABetterDeal = #listenToBernie
New Democratic plan is too weak, not simple strong statement. Must retool it. Get younger strong leadership added Misses to working class
You vuys keep losing. What a stupid saying
U wouldn't know how to create a job that isn't a gov position if it came w a manual. Dems r job takers not creators, u want gov dependence
Thank You Democratic Thinkers!
It's About time I Say!
Please stop w slogans. How r u bringing jobs?
We need more than sound bites from Dems.   Still waiting for concrete plans that  address more than a couple token, easy issues.
SEEMS that way huh?
Always "working to," never accomplishing. Always "fighting for," never winning. #PaidToLose
Actions speak louder than words! #MedicareForAll #FightFor15 #RobinhoodTax
#Resist Corporate Democrats.  #PeoplesPlatform
Dianne
I officially declare myself a Sanctuary Citizen from the Tyrannical Laws of the Federal Government 
#SanctuaryCitizen
Between the gas tax and illegal immigrants taking jobs, poor folks could use a #ABetterDeal in California 
#StateofJefferson
In California @JerryBrownGov is taxing the poor,  while giving tax cuts to the wealthy to buy electric cars.
#ClownJerryBrown 
Y did U vote 4 the TPP & for every Trump cabinet pick? Support #ABetterDeal of the #PeoplesPlatform or be voted out! https://summerforprogress.com/platform 
Retire yesterday out of touch 
I think you misspelled New Deal
Where have you been? Been going on for 10+ years! Wash. ignored ppls struggles & pain. Trump saw suffering. Too late for Dems to be trusted.
#SaveTheACA
Didn’t you fail at that for 8 years. @realDonaldTrump has already began fixing the failed #dems agenda. #maga #Trump #POTUS
As a billionaire, how would you know?
Social security income is a joke! No one could live on that monthly stipend! Try it sometime!!!
Prices are way higher than most lower & middle income people can afford! Anyone would have to have their head way up their ass not to see it
That's because people charge whatever they want there is no control on prices. It's called inflation!!!
.How?
That's a laugh. All you DemocRATS do is line your pockets.
@SenateDems You had 8 years to fix that under obumer. What happened?
where ya been for last 7 years?  and btw, who passed the nightmare oboma care?  oh it was your party
Where were you for the past 8 years
Give up your exemption & go on O'care for at least a yr & then we may take you serious. Did you hear there are robots that flip burgers now!
Lol. Pay them more so that they can afford your shitty Obamacare!
California has earned a reputation for being one of the most expensive states to live in.  Dems run this state, & no plans to stop spending.
With SP the rich will go to private hospitals. Including @SenFeinstein. The rest of us will have no choice but to go to the public hospital.
WHERE WERE U FOR 8 YRS?U ONLY CARE ABOUT THIS NOW BECUZ UR FORCED OUT OF THE KING O BUBBLE REALIZING THE NIGHTMARE U CREATED 4 US LIL FOLK
BS
Gee whiz, here in California your group (#Democrats) just raised car and gas taxes along with the foolish Cap and Trade extension. Crap way.
Can this goof woman be repealed and replaced real soon
Are we really committed to the #ABetterDeal thing? Cuz I just don't think it's powerful enough.
Now? What about last 8 years? We "didn't build that", no increase in pay, giant subsidy payback if we do. Why didn't u work for us prior?

Sure you are.#maga @realDonaldTrump
Shhhhh. Don't tell them how bad their marketing sucks.Wait until they've blown their budget on this crap.
Lol...low energy or what. 
Jk its great ..keep it up!
No, you really aren't.  This has been going on for years, on your watch.
Sen Feinstein has been a great Senator for CA. Water, environment, taxes, & foreign policy. Hope she never retires! Not left/right.
Omg she's literally achieved nothing.

Here it is, the answer to everything, lmao,  
How by more welfare & less jobs lol y'all don't do 
@SenateDems that's a joke right
Where was this attitude for the past 8 years? Guess you only care when it affects your job
New slogan.
Wages don't "seem to" cover less. They do cover less. Stop pulling punches Democrats!
You're copying Trump's agenda while stonewalling it at every turn & adding the failed $15 min wage. #ABetterDeal is a big lie.
Excuse me! LIARcrats to balance everything so no one is special, exceptional or an individual. Hard work, talents, drive, ambition be damned
By resisting job growth, tax reform, infrastructure plans of @realDonaldTrump. Makes sense. Dems are destructive, not constructive.
@FoxNews @MaxineWaters @BarackObama  Hey DiFe!
DO YOUR JOBS! Don't be a Cry Baby
Work with the GOP & Don't screw things up now Barry's Gone!
Yes, #Obamacare is an abject failure. Americans need #ABetterDeal . #Democrats  failed us. This is why Trump is our President. Your gal lost
 People are wise to your lip service and us vs them divisive bs.
you have shown no proof in over 15 years of doing that
The new Dem platform?
LOL ... but you worked SO hard to make the system work this way. #disingenuous
Dems caused it
@RealJamesWoods @brithume  Can someone pls. get Sen. Feinstein An Intro to Economics textbook? What you say doesn't reconcile. #TheBestDeal
We lived through your policies, we reject them! We voted for a #ABetterDeal  @POTUS @realDonaldTrump #DealWithIt
You seem to have done very well for yourself. Or is that a conversation you'd rather not have.
Are you #INSANE? WTF were democRATs doing for the last 8 yrs? @MaxineWaters 2020 PLEASE! #MAGA #SORELOSERS
How much $ are Democrats  flushing with their Russian Collusion? Show us the bill
You really need to get the @DNC to remove heads from rectum. Y'all are pissing away any chance to progress beyond party of no.
TO LITTLE TO LATE !!!  YOU DEMS/LIBS ARE SUNK FOR THE NEXT 25 YEARS. GO TRUMP/PENCE 2020. WAHOO WAHOO WAHOO
Democrats have been causing this trend for nearly 100 years!
Democrats have zero credibility. ZERO. A better deal? What brainiac thought up that dumb slogan? Thanks for the laughs.
If you are referring to raising the minimum wage - count me out.
I live in the Bay Area California. We have horrible income inequality, high housing and taxes. If this what you want for the rest of USA
Democrats CAUSE it by over-regulating, over-taxing and over-snooping in everyone else's business.  Get out of the way and give us liberty.
Wait...weren't you in power last year?
Love ya  sen Feinstein you are the best thank you for all your help cayou
Dems had 8 years to do this now they have a sudden epiphany.  This is the main reason Dems lost and will continue to lose. #outoftouch
Think Dems and Rep need to meet in the middle.
Why are they going up? Dems had 8 Years to make things "Better" for regular America. You failed! "Deal" with it.
How about you give the people what we really want? #SinglePayer , tuition-free college, $15 minimum wage.
How are Democrats and Republicans doing what they were elected to do? Maybe each member of Congress should get an annual employment review.
The wolf also promised!!
How can you type this with a straight face? 8yrs of Dem control, That's why expenses are higher. 7 mo of Trump has begun THAT reversal #MAGA
#ABetterDeal is full transparency on #TrumpRussia
you know - you turned pale - yet you coverup
What were you doing past 8 years??
Senator Feinstein! You are my hero, thank you for the work that you do, and even though I am from ME, not CA- I admire you greatly!
What you finally care about the working class? Not bringing in more & more imigrants, H1B's good try too late! You sold us out disgraceful
Don't tell me what you are going to do show me or shut up, all you are good at is telling lies
Could it be 1) the nature of capitalism 2) NAFTA 3) housing 4) tuition 5) health, or AOTA & everything else corporate Dems screw us with?
No you are not, but you and your husband are making billions from the government. That real estate deal involving the Post Offices
It's a result of 8 years of Obama Administration and Democrats in House and Senate..
If She raises the Minimum to $15, the person who clawed their way up to 15 will be right back on the bottom................
@SenFeinstein wants you to believe her along with her Democrats that She can Raise Wages and Cost without Raising Price....Buyer beware!!
A good place to start that effort relief on healthcare premiums
Bad calling it #ABetterDeal . It implies the deal we have now is somewhat ok. It's not. We don't need a logo. No disrespect. You want 2 know
Socialists Marxist Progressive Democrats must continue to divide the county through class warfare. Just tragically sad.
Not in the last 8 years you didn't.

...and you didn't do it under Obama. Why believe you now?
Ok....wanna tell us exactly what you're doing brsides BSing us?
How? Raising minimum wage is not the answer. That will only make it worse?
One way to put your money where your mouth is would be to advocate for #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll 

AND 

Support this platform
Please be specific. Will Democrats raise wages or lower prices?
Haha umm NO, Democrats are the REASON for that trend. No better example than California!
How about reducing taxes and letting us spend our money as we see fit.
you are?
How are you doing that?  What is taking so long?
8 years to reverse the trend....nothing accomplished

Democrats want the entire nation to be Detroit or Baltimore.
Also please communicate all the other things democrats are doing, besides resisting, to improve our nation. Set the repubs aside and lead.
SCOTUS says
"Constituent Services" are ok
When you say they're not!
I might believe you
Yes, there needs to be serious discussion about lowering costs of diagnostic tests, medications and care. Why doesn't the GOP mention that?
Exactly let's get that tax reform bill signed into Law.  Let's see how you roll ?
When you get rid of lifetime pay and benefits for politicians 
I might believe you
Dianne 
When you live on your salary and give the rest away 
I might believe you
Wages are stagnating you have more people than jobs, like givigm more people food stamps , raising minimum wage all disasters
Tax cuts to corporations how about limiting immigration , and visas . Then companies can be forced to hire and train
Gosh.  What drives inflation.. Federal debt is a big cause.  Who drives Federal debt?  #Democrats
You had 8 years under President Obama to "reverse that trend".
by raising taxes and the cost of health-care? #DemocratsLiesMatter #DontLieYouKnowYouWant
Sure you are
I would like a Home, please
Besides Dems tiny step (awareness Dems need a "message"): what's your public response to this:
Now I strongly suggest all you idiots put a stop to this insane Russia investigation NOW!!!
"seem to"
Was that the focus grouped phrase they came up with for you?
