Any advice if you live in a state with morons for senators? Like, say, Texas?
move to Iran
Less of a difference every day in Trumps America...they are both theocracies.
the only ppl acting like 3rd world citizens in America are crybaby snowflake hypocritical libs.
snowflakes make avalanches. Winter is here.
keep telling yourself that.  Snowflakes vs hard working, tough, American patriots. I'll take patriots
So are patriots concerned about the press being told to shut up? Patriots care about 1st amendment!
Patriots with rights removed by the VA support this bill. @rockfilmrecord @sthanigan @SenFeinstein
@TedHartung This is ridiculous!  Republicans need to stop pretending they are pro "life."
they R pro http://life.Pro  innocent ppl being able 2 protect themselves from criminals.
pro give a gun to anyone....regardless of who dies, children included.
you have no idea what you are talking about.  That's the problem with libs.  #educateyourself
Actually I do.  Sorry you're so obsessed with guns....#GunsB4people
wanna see what strict guns laws get you?  Look at chicago.
Chicago isn't even in the top 10. Which laws stopped you from getting a gun??  I'll wait.....
huh?! Better look up gun violence in Chicago.More deaths than NYC and LA combined w/smaller population
Been trying to call YOU for days. Your VM is full, and nobody's picking up during business hours.
have you emailed?
Last week, yes - but even that page throws errors.
I do think it's gone through though. I've written before.
Ms. Inaction @SenFeinstein cant even get her communication systems to work.  How can she help she our country?
her system is flooded with so many people who give a fuck, where do you stand Trump or America?
America First Baby!!!  I believe in action and bipartisanship.  We only have one of those.
truth, we only have action .. bi partisanship has been outlawed by the King
NO MORE GUN RESTRICTIONS! Don't U get it, another reason Y U lost the election!
Gun control is not necessary. You need to take care of Americans rather than focusing on the Muslim refugees!
what the hell is wrong with Trump? There must be a way to stop him and stop him we must.
Don't allow mentally impaired people to purchase guns!!
(OMG - does that even need to be said??) @KamalaHarris
Support the U.S. Constitution 2nd Amend right to bear arms. Support law abiding American voters instead of globalists.
FAKE NEWS or LIES? Take your pick! Veterans were denied due process! #DrainTheSwamp #PresidentTrump
you are my senator. PLEASE do something about Judas Joe machin thank you
proud of Joe!
Doesn't Chicago have the most severe anti-gun laws?  More laws not the answer, but that's all u do as People die.
because criminals can get everywhere else.
Any Crime w GUN shld be federal crime with long prison sentences. Afraid?
You are my senator too. Vote to repeal.  Constitution rules.  No due process =Unconstitutional.  SSA is not the courts.
I would call your office to tell you to strengthen background checks if you ever picked up you phone!!!
do you realize how many people have died at the hands of radicalized white guys with guns ?
yes before we see anymore violence: Dylan roof and alexandre bissonnette. Bannon /Trump feed radicals.
I think it is time to address white nationals and the hate and violence. Yes. Conversation start in USA!
No,it's time SSRI drug studies were not ignored.Every single mass shooting involved them except terrorist attacks.
The Affordable Care Act is a jole and is UNAFFORDABLE to most.
More fake news by whining Democrats no one is voting on weakening background checks on gun purchases. Stupid is as Stupid does
TERM LIMITS
That would be You! Go for it.
Way to mislead the public. These background checks are being ordered by using Social Security information. Very wrong!
you and @KamalaHarris are my senators, consider yourself called. No to anything trump #agentorange
I contacted my senators and was assured they would support the bill.
been trying to call your offices all week, can't get through.
When I call my Senators my voice remains unheard.

You might know who they are...
hypocrite, as you carry your weapon in your purse and build your wall around your house. Support 2nd Amendment
permits should be federally issued. its my right to carry/defend myself and my family. states should have no say about it
please comment on why you are supporting T nominations. I respect your opinion
I always remember R talk after #SandyHook - gun control in US is the battle to save lives #SandyHookmom
Tk U  #SandyHook  we must continue the fight #sandyhookmom #notonemore @ChrisMurphyCT @SenBlumenthal 
given that you're my senator, I trust you'll fight against this tooth and nail!
Your my senator so thank you
you ARE my Senator, thank you!
@SeasonO1 
I hope they won't do this. I live in #Texas...land of #loons & #buffoons with a #ConcealedCarryPermit to prove it!
I oppose that change and I beg for a NO vote on DeVos! She is shockingly unqualified. Please. Zip91362. #andnoSessionsplease!
An H.R. # or S.R. # would be nice. Or the name of the rule, resolution, bill or whatever
I know you are on our side! Love you for it!
We need much stronger gun controls rather than weakening them.  Please help us fight D Trump and his ridiculous ideas.
good! do not vote for any increased #SecondAmendment control! #shallnotbeinfringed means just that! @NRA @NRAILA
fake news.  Read the federal form!
please vote no!!!  You are my senator.
how about doing your job & help persuade your colleagues to vote NO on this change #fightyourassoff
if gun laws are the answer why isn't California safer than Idaho?
more #fakenews from the left. No surprise.
Consider this a call to arms.  No pun intended #resist.
this is a total, complete and intentional fabrication.
I'm your constituent, I know you like to "consider" and play by rules. Those days are OVER! Repubs stole the Scotus!!
now hear this: Resistance in all things! No Gorsuch! No Sessions! None of them! Tighter gun checks not looser!
been calling you multiple times daily but always a busy signal. Can't even leave a message...so....
she's my senator to and she is also a liar!! They're not weakening BGCs!! Such a bunch of BS.
I emailed and got a lot back...great on the NO vote for Betsy DeVos.  Now stop this craziness!
Well, ban terrorists/ refugees from entering USA but weaken gun background checks; kind of an oxymoron!
Ok, if you promise not to vote for one more single Trump appointee. Love you but am so disappointed in your recent votes.
answer the phone!
i dunno about weaken background checks but if it makes it cheaper to buy a gun im down for that.
You should vote 'aye' but of course you won't.
Calling u out 4 ur bull More #FakeNews Good Lord do ur job & #StopTheLies WTP r fedup w the lies & obfuscation. #NuffSaid
your nuttier than a squirrel. That's insulting the squirrel
absurd!
have you even read the bill? Its about due process. How are you even a senator?
makes an ASS of herself AGAIN. #EpicFail #nj2as #jpfo #nra #ammoland #ChickenLittle #LIAR THIS is why we need #TermLimits
You are intentionally sharing false info to create more dissent. This after DJT protecting rights of our disabled. Tsk, tsk!
I am for it dummy
.@SenFeinstein consider this my call to you! please VOCALLY and FIRMLY oppose!
It makes me so sad that someone with such power thinks it is okay to skew the truth so radially. Please stop.
please stand your ground and do what you can to protect all of us. Even those who don't realize they need protecting.
tweet inaccurate, more lies
your lying again,
I want to have my voice heard.  Regretfully I cannot reach @SenToomey on any of his phone numbers.  Maybe in a townhall?

another ignorant uneducated misinformed liberal career politician who thinks she knows what's best #democrats have no power
Fake news. You are my senator, unfortunately.
know please our pleas. Your voice mail is filled and off. No. Weakened. Gun. Laws.
@NRA I'm saddened by you contributing to #Fear in #America by cherry picking key phrases to incite more division in the US.
@foxnewspolitics  lol share the whole story #senator Your well worded tweet would cause anyone to panic unless they Google it.
clear your voicemail and have people pick up your phone please! Been calling everyday on my lunch.
this is why i live in Florida
Have you actually read this or are you pulling a Pelosi?
You mean give rights back to people that have NOT been deemed mentally incompetent by a court? Say it isn't so!
you're so full of bull butter. You once stated all #Veterans have #PTSD so why would anyone believe your bogus?! #crazylady
Thank you for fighting to keep gun background checks.
great... MSM is giving us fake news n now our Sen are tweeting incorrect information? Get it stra8 Sen, stop spreading lies
you're a bold face sir head liar!
What laws are they trying to pass? Ref please!
I would rather support the 2nd amendment as written. "Shall not infringe" means jut that.
have you even read the bill? I have? you should do the same and quit pandering you dowdering old fool.
Excuse me!!!! That is incorrect and scare mongering, please post an accurate tweet. If you don't it's a lie.
how you ever got elected is a mystery... but then I remember, it's California. Makes perfect sense
senator why did you vote for all of trump's cabinet picks?
how about you get to work on the laws on the books SB800 AB1135 wheres the DOJ paper work????
Your party cannot vote on anything unless the GOP calls it for vote. The GOP can play the delay game better then you.
The very last thing I'd do is help you with gun control with the number of riots you've caused across the country!  Wake up.
ummm forgot to tell the people about the backdoor gun grab you clowns concocted.
you are my senator and I don't oppose
Call your senator?! Are you serious?! I've been calling you everyday for weeks with no answer!
who is richer - you or Pelosi?
you can't take away a constitutional right without due process, period.
is so much more important than average American. She has a right to own & carry a gun. You don't.
it was heard 11/8. But keep up on helping #Trump2020
well, yes, but after 8 years of lies it's hard to break old habits
Given the number of violent Antifa Fascist riots, I think the Senate should focus on doing something about that.
when I call the VM is full of the line is busy. How are we supposed to reach you?
u are Fake news a/b background checks on guns get the facts straight b/f tweeting @NRA
... being necessary for the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed.
#fakenews #dueprocess right to bear arms removed by @POTUS44 fiat. No adjudication. This restores the rule of law
Hey, Dianne you're a clear example of why there should be term limits! #Useless
your office isn't accepting any calls...
thank God that you have no idea what this country is about. You are delusional.
solo let me get this straight... More background checks on americans, but not on Syrians? #LeftWingHypocrisy
Lies, lies, lies
God ,Guns and country. President Trump
leasertail, congrats, now you can go buy a #gun without one of those pesky #background #checks!  big day! 
You mean when Obama infringed on the rights of Americans without due process?
But you are against more thorough background checks on refugees from 7 high-risk countries?
in the business of #fakenews?
Let #Red #Team handle the violence! Dems are obviously very poor at it
how is Chicago gun laws protecting them?
Fake news!
Hey Frankinfeinstein Libs should B outlawed to ever own a gun or look @1...
yea right more BS from the left.
Just another bill you did not bother to read ??  Time to retire.
FALSE. 
It concerns removing guns from gun owners deemed disabled. NOTHING to do with gun purchases!
says the Senator who claims she needs a handgun for self defense but would take my rights away
do you support the violence that took place in Berkeley?
No thanks.
- Lie Often?
.@SenFeinstein Bald faced lie. Not what the PAST president's EO did nor why the Senate is reversing. "Shall not be infringed" - look it up.
good, maybe then people who are willing to buy guns to stand up the idiots who try to shoot up places.
Wrong. Typical lies from Democrats to inflame their base.
You are against a rule that went after Social Security recipients? Of course anyone who follows you will do and not research
Done! I told my senator to proceed with the vote as-is! #MAGA
sure glad you are no longer my Senator
Do U still have your weapon and CCL or did You trade them in for Security Guards that have weapons? CHICAGO arm the Citizens
Sounds like another liberal lie to me.
you are great! I live in Connecticut. Please vote to strengthen background checks.
which video would you like us to comment on? the one where you are pro-gun or anti-gun? #Liars
You are my Senator. Thanks for fighting back.
finally you tweet good news
Impeach
how about to vote down some cabinet picks? No one answering your phones.
Hire interns to tally the VM calls so mailboxes will be open again.
oh for crying out loud
are you kidding? You wanna fight about /gun control/ right now? Hey maybe /oppose/ the goddamn fascists instead?
ring ring..... ring ring....
@bah_lab so I would be calling you. I know your opposed to this so should I bother?
Voting all trump nominee is bullshit, be prepared for real progressive to take back the sit.
calling you *right now*. 
domestic terrorism is the real threat to our country. Common sense gun laws r imperative.
senate may vote to give Americans back their second amendment rights today. See how that works?
well you are my representative, so vote no.
I tried to call your office couple times. Can't leave voicemail. I will tweet.
@IndivisibleCCCC please do not vote for this.
They're getting all their goodies quickly. Russia will taint @GOP for decades.
didn't realize the vote was coming. I'll call to show support for the bill
-been trying to call for days-it rings as busy.STAND UP AND SAY NO to the horrific acts that trump and his party has committed!
Too bad your voicemail is full and the line is always busy!
No. I will call to support.
Read the Constitution you swore to uphold. Specifically Article2
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @VP #MAGA 
wow he really wastes no time on his agenda. no wonder his supporters r so   & were so  
Hiw will you vote?!
constitutional carry is the only way....
Since you brag about independent bipartisan Senator on FB, find few republicans to STOP Sessions & DeVos. Surely they love you
@SenDeanHeller @PRyan @SenateGOP @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @HouseGOP @SenateMajLdr What the hell are you thinking? Stronger
Sounds like l should be calling to give my support!
consider yourself called. The last thing we need in tumultuous times is easier access to firearms.
Right, the LAST thing we need during dangerous times is a means to defend ourselves.  DERP
