UH OH!
We can't have free and fair elections if the GOP continually disenfranchise Democrats.
No resistance in the world can overcome Americans not being allowed to vote.
Voter fraud is REAL. U should B alarmed that your party voters will dwindle thus lose more elections. #DrainTheSwamp
You guys should have blocked his appointment.And while we're at it take away trump's twitter before he blows us up
You do know the only Dem that voted against was that douche Manchin, right? Dems have a disadvantage in the Senate. What were they to do?
Voting rights? Really? How about a nuclear war, that suit you better?
Suppression of voting rights is what got us here in the first place.
No, a rigged election by Putin  and the republican party is what got us here.
Republicans have used a combination of voter suppression + gerrymandering, which makes uneven voter representation worse to enable Putin etc
It's the gerrymandering and the voter ID games and union busting and biased reporting, and the Patriot Act. Cumulative damage.
And the utter lack of leadership by the dems.
Diane, in fact we need reg to prevent any foreign entity/personages to illegally gain entry via computer/otherwise into voting systems
They could purge people who missed voting in one federal election - is that right? Not a misstatement? Because that would be pretty extreme.
Extreme even for the extremists who are doing all they can to suppress voting rights.
WOW UNBELIEVABLE HOW IN THE WORLD CAN U JUSTIFY 'O' DOUBLING OUR NATIONAL DEBT? How about 'O' sending $5BIL TO IRAN THEN $400M CASH TWICE?

No it's not. Open your mind. Stop being a Dem
Sorry to hear that you and other democratic corrupt politicians are going to lose the illegal votes in coming elections. Citizens vote u out
@congressdotgov @SenateDems the DOJ is demanding information on people who are against 45.
What happens when they start rounding up people?
This is ground zero for our 2018 elections. Keep up the pressure, Sen. Feinstein
Absolutely right. Voter denial/suppression needs to stop
Continue to fight Senator. Every person should have the right to vote
might need a new job someday
You better hope the Justice Dept gets to the bottom of the scandal emails from Lynch/ Clinton/Comey ! Lynch lied to Trey Gowdy !! Big story!
Thanks for your service Senator
This continuing politicization of the Justice  Dept. Is unacceptable!
Explain why California had more voters than registered voters...voter fraud thats why.
Please will all of you stop telling us how the Trump gang is so "alarming", "disappointing", "disturbing", etc. FOR GOD'S SAKE, TAKE ACTION
Doing away with everything so his ass stay in office. Impeah Trump now
You should retire, enough is enough
Thank you Senator Feinstein
Yep
Thank you @SenFeinstein. Justice Department is trashing our Constitution & voter rights law.
Senator we need you to get ahold of some cabinet members and get this guy removed under the 25th, stat
The cabinet is all unfit
True enough. Except Elaine Duke. Hey, if he fires everyone again, we'll have a cabinet of all acting secretaries who might do their jobs
GE the only appointments that Donald has made has been in judgeships I wonder why that is
Thank you Senator.
The GOP has staged a coup, Dianne. This is just the beginning. You & the rest of @TheDemocrats better start fighting with gloves off.
oh my gosh!!! When is this nightmare we are in going to end???
Get a grip. What are you proposing? Stop being a naysayer and make it better for all. Stop being critical and try being a leader, if you can
#KobachVotersuppressor is exactly what they are up to rigg elections sounds so democratic
It's a great statement Dianne!!
Thank you for statement.
You must remove Sessions for cause.
There was a coup back in 1871 our government has been bought and paid for a long time ago
Does the USA need to call for international help with voting procedures? Russia hacked Diebold and numerous electronic voting machines. WTH?
Give'em hell, Senator Feinstein!
Thanks Sen Feinstein.  We'll also be watching Gill vs Whitford in Supreme court
I don't understand a woman in your age bracket ever falling for the New Dem Party beliefs. Your suppose to bring the voice of reason &wisdom
Communism is on it's way if we survive not getting nuked ~great job irresponsible greedy Republicans Living in fear & stress everyday in USA
PLEASE get our voting system fixed, I'm afraid that lack of ballot access will lead to increase in bullet access and use to regain Rights...
The contributing Americans don't want foreign Nationals or illegals voting in any of our elections you're alarming
Eligible voters may simply have to re-register to vote. Removing deceased or ineligible voters is logical, not alarming.
Y'all help me make calls to impeach this freak psycho trump do it n the way to work I do everyday.
When is California becoming its own country ??? Can't wait !!!
Thanks, but can you help us with averting nuclear Armageddon?
Excellent, Senator.
The worst part of this it seems is all we can do is watch as Sessions dismantles thie principles of what this country is based upon.
It's the entire GOP, too. Kobach, Govs looking to eliminate Medicaid, voter suppression bills, bills to eliminate protests, etc., etc.
How do you take your kids to church, repeat scripture and then produce bills that force the elderly, poor and disabled into the streets?
CHINO - Christian in Name Only
And I say this with a sibling who is a devout Christian and is absolutely furious over the hypocrisy.
You still in office?
help us diane
I hope you Senators continue to be vigilant about all the ways our democracy is being stressed right now. Consider who gains/loses, esp $
Please concentrate on preventing trump regime from starting nuclear war w/NKorea
Of course you're alarmed. Democratic corruption is being exposed!  Where is your concern abt AWAN spy ring?
Separation of powers. Dianne

Everything is frightening.state run tv. There's a coup happening.
The coup happened in Nov
Please form a bipartisan committee to oust @realDonaldTrump  we as citizens can only do so much. Please.
What is wrong with you lady ??
Senator, if you want us to support you on a run for re-election to the Senate, I suggest you get really tough on Pres. Trump, very quickly.
I'm gonna be the democratic nominee. #InternationalCatDay #NorthKorea
I love illegals. They work for me. So.....do you want a campaign position?
Thank you, @SenFeinstein
Cry more!!
FOCUS ON N. KOREA PLEASE...stop the petty in-fighting...makes the US look like impotent buffoons #smh
I'm running for President in 2020.
We came up with it together. Can I DM you? I have a campaign position for you if you're interested.
