#InvestigateRussia
Medicaid and medicare works.
Up medicaid to 55 down mc to 56 
Let self insure wave the tax
Let those who dont want take the risk
Simple
Its universal hc.its in place.It gives a choice.cost is already factored its proven & will force private ins to drop $
Jobs lost in the private sector willbe needed w ingovt.ppl can waive it.they get sick they own the bill.it allows freedom cost effect safety
If you and the rest of the clowns had just endorsed Bernie none of this would be an issue.
Reap what you sow Senator.
Impossible to know how sociolism would do if it wasn't for our Deep State meddling in everyone's affairs. Could be Paradise. YWNK.
#nurselayoffs coming next, unhealthy people, third world country in less than 4 years. #Societalbankruptcy #Trumpstyle forever a fraud.
Republicans are pushing social Darwinism in the healthcare bill. The problem with that is killing off more of their base than the opposition

Emailing my Representative, Sen. Diane Feinstein @SenFeinstein on Violence, Resistance, Healthcare, Tax Reform, & My Vote in 2018. 
why do 5 million children need Medicaid ?   what's wrong with California ?
CA is the welfare capital.
Sen. Feinstein, thank you and Sen. Harris for taking a prominent stand against the AHCA which will harm so many of my patients.
I wish people would read legislation b4 thanking/demonizing the authors. Too many half-truths on these bills from BOTH sides of the aisle.
At some point in time we'll see the following heading in history books: "Trump and the Wrong Side of History" #HealthcareBill
I'm going to finish your sentence for you: by providing the poor and sick with access to healthcare. And his Nobel prize.
The party that claims to be Christian and for family values. Maybe only the rich families?
it fixes a badly broken & unsustainable program. Medicaid can't last as it is now.
So please put in a good word with Gov Brown for SB562, California's Single Payer bill. Thanks.
Government run healthcare is socialism
As are police,firefighters,schools,hospitals,libraries, military.....we succeed better together than separately
I agree but try explaining that to the left
Proving that the GOP has no guts. Their constituents are the most vulnerable.
REVOLUTION!!! ITS EITHER THEM OR US! AND WE OUT NUMBER THEM!!!!
Support Single Payer for California
Could secede from the union
What can I do to support you and Ms Harris in fighting this bill??
First off, if you have 5 million kids on Medicaid in your state then you have failed as a leader and a policy maker.  Just sayin
No one cares about California!!!  Why aren't you working to shape the bill???
CA&blue states shud change tax code to collect every dollar going to the wealthy undr the new Trumpcare bill, to help its victims. Fight bk!
How many of those children are here illegally?Why are they on Medicaid parents need a job? Tax cuts will allow employers to hire more people
It covers disabled kids too. So that parents can keep them alive and cared for at home
'At just 8 years old, she is the strongest human being I know' — this mother wants to protect her daughter from Trumpcare 
@CrushTheCheeto Like I've been saying. A spin on Hitler's 'Ayran Nation'. Sick & poor die off while we nurture the wealthy
Cruel.

Is that why your most properties are outside this state ?
Koch brothers' goals, thank you for your service. We need to defeat them in all ways. Support voters, not dark dirty money.
Isn't CA covering all us now? And anyone who wants to come across border?
My grandson born yesterday at 12:30 pm, paid for by Medicaid, has a minor murmur. If #TheSenateDontCareBill is Law he'll have preexisting!
My grandson born yesterday at 12:30 pm, paid for by Medicaid, has a minor murmur. If #TheSenateDontCareBill is Law he'll have preexisting
Thank you for fighting for my fellow disabled Veterans and I.
Counting on you and Senator Harris to convince the mod Republicans to stop this heartlessness and not pass this horrible plan.
SHAME on GOP for sacrificing millions of human beings for your rich bed buddies! MAY u and YOURS be the first to feel the pain!! Shame
This bill, if passed, would kill kids AND hospitals
Why are there 5 million children on medicare?
Medicaid, not Medicare
That makes it right?
It that all American citizens it does that include illegals?
This is unforgivable.
Please work extra hard. What can we do?
Unacceptable. Our taxes cannot be given the the rich, instead of to helping the sick poor and young.
Happy Birthday, eat cake then fight this! Withhold...delay whatever it takes.  Please.
That's the idea we no longer want to fund the healthcare of illegal immigrants MS-13 gang members
You cry about the health care bill, while you take money from pharmaceutical #fuckinhypocrate
Horrible way to "cut costs"! I bet trump&cronies wouldn't last 1 full day caring for my special needs daughter but expect us to have 0 help!
It appears that we have become powerless in D.C. through no fault of our State.We must rise, as Californians,to care for those in need.
There is plenty of wealthy in CA yet CA has 5 million children in need of Medicaid. Soooo those wealthy could of free will give to poor.
Why wait for govt to do it. Go to Hollywood and Malibu and pass the hat
Or save the we care so much. If Wealthy CA cared SO much there wouldn't be cities like LA and SF full of homeless and kids in poverty.
Same goes for Planned Parenthood. Why wait for govt to force someone else to pay. If 60 some million want it, send PP 10 bucks.  solved.
The more you tweet , the more I realize that you will miss out on all those psych benefits that are being cut
Oh good one. I take it you disagree with something said.
If they want less poverty why don't the rich in CA give to the poor in CA of there own free will?
Happy birthday, thank you for fighting for us
Please tell Senator Casey that!
Please protect our healthcare here in CA. #StrongerTogether #HealthCareForALL #CaliforniaStrong
This is appalling & unacceptable.
GOOD!

They have parents, who are actually responsible for providing for them...

#GovernmentIsntYourSugarDaddy
Today, Medicaid covers more than 5 million children in California. The GOP Senate #HealthcareBill GUTS this program.
Please do all you can to get some GOP senators to refuse to sign this bill.

all are illegals, lets tell the truth here
If you were a victim of Islamic extremists Kamala Harris would ignore you.  What does that say about CA Senators?
And I betcha most are illegal. We Americans are really tired of paying for other countries babies. Some of us here are not to well off.
Can a person even qualify for such things if they're illegal? I doubt it.
No it does not, just stop this fear mongering.
THANK YOU for everything you do!! Please keep fighting for us!! #NoAHCA
They are probably just cutting pork/wasteful spending. But this sounds better to help your narrative.
I remember when Meals on Wheels got gutted. Hmm, wonder if they had to shut down?
How is a reduction in the increase considered being gutted.
Because they need to be over dramatic
Wow..  you must be illiterate.
Up to you to stop it
Whatever government touch is always messed up completely
same as u support pharma #medicareforall
And releases our grandkids from the financial unsustainable prison you put them into
How many of that 5 million are AMERICAN CITIZENS?
Definitely a LOT. What's your point?
AMERICANS FIRST is what won Trump the Election. Americans are tired of working their asses off to keep ILLEGALS UP! Insurance for AMERICANS!
This was a can of worms that never should have been opened and now its a big mess
My 91 year old dad's medical issues are increasing. If he needs skilled care, Medical is it. No other options.
I've just realized that Trump's most humane proposal on health care to date is shooting people on 5th Ave. #HealthcareBill
Complete repeal is needed
Why are 6 million children in California in need of government assistance?  This isn't a bragging point.
Then I guess California better look at raising taxes and taking care of it's own through state #Medicaid.
#HealthcareBill stays.
That's a lie.
Not, but don't you wish it was a lie.This bill will eventually affect you or someone you love. Don't believe the GOP, they want tax cuts.
Today's children are tomorrow's Dem voters ... #GOP is playing the long and evil game.
