SOON: We're voting on 1st Republican amendment that guts Medicaid, slashes tax credits to buy insurance & allows junk plans. Easy NO vote!
Would not believed you would vote any other way.  Term limits needed immediately.
The original one ... was the same way.
Yes, but healthcare is always confusing and complex and ACA was at least discussed and released to the legislators who would be voting on it
Not what I heard.  It was all closed door.  TL;DR: The republicans are dried turds.  The democrats are fresh turds. A turd is still a turd.

Doesn't change the fact that they all suck.

Time to seriously look into expatriation.  This country is ready to implode.
Please keep us informed.
I spend more time deliberating on a pair of shoes than @GOP has spent on the specifics of this bill. And shoes are returnable. #SaveACA
It's all about GREED and POWER! A cover up for DONALD who is a LIAR & THIEF not our CHIEF! Donald and his admin are Con Men not POLITICIANS!
And he knew that he is the greatest lier ever born, and could brain wash a mass of uniformed partial educated meth heads.
We have had nothing but lies for the last ten years...we understand that.
This coming from a party where the leader says we have to pass the bill to see why's n it. If you like your doc u can kp ur doc - puleeze
Oh please, Diane...with the history of the inception of Ocare? Really? @NancyPelosi stated ppl will find out what's in it afterwards!
Sen Feinstein: behaving this way is beneath you. Be a uniter, not an Obama style divider!!
So defending the right to health care and calling out R's who are doing this under the cloak of invisibility is beneath her? I'm confused.
You're right - because people's access to healthcare is not affected in any way by having health insurance. <giant eye roll>
Everyone had access to basic healthcare BEFORE Obamacare. If you want healthcare with more options, you need Health Ins.
Bottom line is the Dems lied. Obamacare does help some, but many DID lose their policies, Drs and premiums rocketed. They said it wouldn't.
In America, we don't help some by hurting others. We need to find another solution. Question is, are YOU going help or hinder?
This doctor doesn't agree with you
1) As a paramedic working with Medicaid patients, I worked first hand with nursing homes for Medicaid Pt's.
Kinda lime the dems when they were designing the nightmare we have now.
Will you support #singlepayer
@SenFeinstein do you have a #DWStweets #BlackBerry? #Collusion got us here! You colluded against your own base! #Insane #Corruption
Put up some amends to strengthen the #ACA: Restore risk corridors.
Increase subsidies to mid class.
Fed medicaid for non-expansion states
Public option.
Medicare buy-in at 55.
National exchange for states w/o state-run one or where not enough carriers.
Don't just put the GOP on spot of voting down popular stuff. Showcase Dem solutions. Remind voters that they prefer Democratic policies.
Where has Democratic policies gotten states like Chicago in the past 30 years? Nowhere, same destructive cycle. #MAGA
TIL Chicago is a state.
Lol I made an error. It is late at night. You have no logical argument to my claims?
Wasn't just a cheap shot. *Illinois* has not been under constant Dem rule, and has one of the worst corruption probs in country.
Want a better example of Democratic rule? Look no further than CA after voters took away GOP's ability to obstruct budget. Compare to Kansas
Please keep working to keep healthcare and just fix the ACA! Thank you for all you do!
Umm...didn't Obamacare pass at midnight Christmas Eve, without being read, and without a single republican vote? #healthcare
False
It's time you have same coverage as those under Obamacare. No more perks
#SinglePayer move #Cannabis to @FDAfood cause plants are #Food. Genesis 1:29 God said ... is pretty clear! #Greed of #Chemical industry
If they don't know why should we? Keep up the good fight Sen.!
Repubs don't know what they are doing!
Hey diane, isnt that like what the dems did? "We need to pass it to see whats in it" that quote from dems who didnt know what theyre doing!
Better than "we got to pass it to see what's in it"
He won't read it - it's far easier to turn a woman and a black man into the devil.
Sort of like the Democrats 8 years ago?  All lies. Had to change doctors, insurance plans and premiums went way up
Oh are the GOP trying "You have to pass it to find out what's in it" way of doing business.
But we DO know. We hate it. Thank God for you Dianne and the others who oppose what this evil GOP is trying to do to America.
Do THEY know what they are doing?
Lord, I hope @TheDemocrats have a progressive to primary you!!  My $$ is waiting for them!  Trump is UR fault!
#BernieWouldHaveWon!
I'd rather they knew what they were doing.
Can you have an intern or somebody post what we are calling about as it changes
They should have repealed obamacare & no thanks to you either.  We know you are trying to put single payer in CA =crappy insurance for all!
MOSTLY BECAUSE, THEY DON'T KNOW WHAT THEY'RE DOING!!
Thank you for all you do and take care of yourself. Keep up the good fight our country needs you
Thank you @SenFeinstein, for all of your efforts.
Because they actually have no clue what they're doing.
That's why they're holding secret meetings behind closed doors again.
Single Payer for all Americans end the debate eliminate the insurance companies
Unacceptable.
That is not fair.
Keep your eye on the Ball...
Thank you for all that you do to protect us
We are watching closely. We realize they are being secretive because they are brewing a nasty stew. Toxic to Americans.
Pot meet kettle
I know 
Whats even scarier is if they do know what their doing
Then why aren't you on all the news shows explaining to us so that we can understand?
Republicans cunning baffling and powerful
Why can't Americans have the same health plan as the Congress and Senate ?
Are we not all equal ?
Amendments, amendments, Amendments! You go DiFi! You are an expert in the Senate!
But...they don't know what they're doing.
You mean something like - "“we have to pass the bill so that you can find out what is in it, away from the fog of the controversy.”
Sure hope you have a clue
Without the ACA, I'd be dead. You're my Senator, please do everything in your power, to protect me from the horrid Republicans!
Just say no - to Republicans
#SethRich #DraftBernie #Divest #DNCFraudLawsuit #Wikileaks #Jaffe4Congress #Medicare4All #BlackLivesMatter #NoTPP #DemExit #NEVERHillary
Thank you for keeping us in the loop. Stop those republicans.

Democrats do nothing to compromise with Republicans to rescue Obama Care. Congress is dysfunctional  again. A price will be paid in 2018.
They don't know what they're doing either.
Sing out loud and strong.
I have cancer. I'm raising the only grand child i will ever have. Please don't let me die because of a crazy man's ego and crime family.
Keep us informed!
#MedicareForAll  should cover 100% not 80%.  What a scam, the 80% Just cover EVERYONE for EVERYTHING.  It's easy. No Premiums, a TAX etc.
Here is a stupid idea. Select 4 REPUBLICANS and 4 democrats and let them hash out health care bill.  LOL
All you need to know is that they are working FOR the insurance and pharmaceutical companies and determine what they want. You got the bill.
If you had done a good job with Obama care we wouldn't be in this place now. Own what you screwed up.
I'm just happy your razor sharp mind will be there to know FOR us. A regular update would help ease our minds, however!
You are so right. They are racing to Failure, again.
Don't you have to vote on it first before you know what's in it? Per Nancy pelosi?
CROOKED Mitch.
#DitchMitch
Hope you can find some time to explain a little...very much appreciated!!
I just want to expend the money that we don't have.
#GOPCongressionalMalpractice #GOPCowardsLiarsTraitors
Thank you for your efforts. We appreciate your efforts.
Well so far so good...I don't know what there doing...but I 'm not real sure they know either
Don't pass it because it benefits the rich not the poor and any pre existing condition will not be covered.
There is no way like the nine doctors in my family that this helps anyone but the rich not the less fortunate
I agree!! #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW  #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW #LockTrumpCrimeFamilyUP #LockTrumpCrimeFamilyUP  #TheResistance
We know exactly what they're doing. Learn, act: http://UpholdTheseRights.com/Healthcare.html 
Trump's "No Trans in the military" is another way to distract us.Keep us informed and keep fighting, Dianne! #Healthcare4All #noRepeal!
I hope y'all have some ideas and plans to throw at #GOP. We are screwed no matter what now. Cost are going to go up due to confusion.
But you will keep us informed I hope.
Please keep fighting!!
Thank you for continuing to fight for those of us in California, and the entire country!
You are an elected official as well. You have served to long,goodbye and good luck in the private sector or as lobbyist.
True, but we still know they still DON'T know what they're doing!
Say THAT 3x fast!
Time to demand single payer.
We also know what you AREN'T doing. You need to come out in FULL support of #SinglePayer
They are trying to kill people and give tax breaks to the rich.  Don't let them do it!
all we need to know is to call - Vote NO on Repeal - have bi-partisan hearings and amendments to repair ACA.
I'm doing my part by calling and getting others to call as well. Here's to hoping you and @SenateDems are doing yours. #StopTrumpNow
Because they're screwing us over.
Republicans, when you've gotten on the train going in the wrong direction, it doesn't matter how fast you run up and down the corridors.
Stop fear mongering and let's ALL do something about it. Its now open for debate.
No problem there. We haven't known yet what they're doing.
Good time to announce a ban on trans in military, huh? #Distractions
That's how they dismantle democracy. Chaos, confusion, secrecy. It's a tax break for the rich, setting up more tax breaks for the rich.
This is a pivital moment in our history, thank you for what your doing. #ImpeachTrumpNow #CrooikedDonald #DumpTrump
Why don't you work with them instead of against us who voted you in. Oh cause the fkn money! Drain the swamp people
Stop them now so many people are affected
THEY don't know what they're doing!
If we know we are going down the wrong road as far as healthcare is concerned, then why can't we collectively stop it?
We realize @SenFeinstein, we the people are doing everything on our end what Ruckus have you been doing on ur end?! We hear @BernieSanders
That's because THEY DONT KNOW WHAT THE HELL THEIR DOING. Actually doing some work that benefits EVERYONE is totally foreign to them.
Repeal Obamacare,it will be the death of us.Its a disaster,it's a dressed up death bill
END IT
Or maybe the Democrats don't want you to know,the underbelly of Obama care,fema prison camps, guillotines,casket liners, explain that
Our nation's crumbling b4 our eyes &hungry evil gop will b committing murder & THAT'S OK?! THIS CAN'T HAPPEN! #resist #TheResistance
Thank you for doing the right thing. We rely on you!
Keep fighting! We need Dems to fight for us! We need sanity back in our government! We The People deserve better!
We all are hoping you can keep shedding light on the R's SHAMEFUL TACTICS!
Yeah and what are you and the dems doing? Anything other than #MedicareForAll is absolute trash. Get on with it!
Don't engage just vote no on everything they propose.
@SenFeinstein We are counting on you to bring clarity and keep us informed. Thank you for all you are doing.
That makes sense since THEY don't know what they're doing!
@charlesgoyette THEY don't know what they're doing
We know that. Now what?
Thank you Senator Feinstein! Our lives depend on this and we appreciate your fight on our behalf
Wealthcare first and foremost... Yes, their legislation will cover fewer with poorer service at a greater cost, but it does cut taxes
If You Were Too Stupid and or Xenophobic / Racist To Know That Pres. OBAMACARE! Now You Know 
Yay democracy. Gulp.
omg, how about DEMOCRAT nancy pelosi w/ obamacare:  "we won't know what's in it until we pass it."  THAT'S confusing by design. #healthcare
It takes a lot of nerve Feinstein to say that after the way you libs crammed health care down our throat to start with
#SOCIALIZEDMEDICINE OR EQUIVALENT HEALTHCARE TO YOURS WOULD ELIMINATE PROCESS! #KILLPOLITICIANS #POLITICIANSPRETENTING2BDOCTORS
They don't want people to know because they don't know what they are doing themselves.
The Dems need to stand up and make sure we know what's going on!
#SaveTheACA #SaveMedicaid
Thank you for the updates and keeping up with the grind on the hill. I have to believe we can stop them.
Because they have no idea what they are doing either.
And the answer from every @TheDemocrats better be NO.
Is that why his Target is Transgender people today? He wants to yet again distract us by going after someone else's rights. His forte.
Same strategy as obamacare?
And then they want to plead ignorance when they face constituents
Republicans do not want Americans knowing about HEALTHCARE BILL because continuing take away healthcare poor, middle class. ELITES r covered
We knew that. It is them, that's confused why the 98% REJECT their Health Care Genocide. They are NOT AMERICAN, them Tea Party Republicans.
47 Wrote Logan Act Violating Letter to The Supreme Leader Iran. Russia is Assad Ally in this. Yet we argue Deaths of Americans for Profit.
The United States of America isn't going to end well. For anybody. That's by (GOP) design too.
Please keep Medicaid in CA! PLEASE!!!
They still think he's campaigning
Please help us to understand.  And a question, why can there only be 20 hours of debate and no public input?
And this is who gullibles elected to run the country! Education needed more now, than ever.
Your own members don't know what they are voting on! This needs to stop, need bi-partisan debate, hearings, CBO score, town halls for people
Caesar's last word on the Senate was: 'Et tu, Brute?' After a moving  speech,  @SenJohnMcCain thrust the dagger into American lives. Et tu J
Thanks for keeping US Patriots  informed. 
Hold their feet to the fire.

Breaking news from 2009
Had 79 hearings over many months. Biggest mistake "you can keep your doctor." I did...most did. But losing your dr. always function of ins.
Coming from the party who said just pass the bill (Obamacare) the people will find out what's in it later!!
They never did. That's why the vested interests were locked in his office developing the piece of devastation they tried to float on America
I don't know what it is but you're sounding like a broken record, it's easy for you to sit up there on your soapbox.

TY &  plz keep us informed b4 each vote!
Only when we start seeing healthcare as a necessity vs a commodity will we make progress.
No kidding???  That's why we're counting on ppl with the ability to do something to find a way to stop them.. what are you doing Senator?
PS. I'm one of your native Californian constituents.   I'm watching what you and @SenKamalaHarris are doing very closely.
Please keep us updated. We can only help when you let us know.
I can't help but feel Republicans & Democrats like me are fighting for the insurance companies crushing the American people. #medicare4all
You are so beautiful. And smart. Thank you @SenFeinstein.
Did you forget what your colleague said regarding O'care that it needed to pass to know what's in it?
Most of them don't know what they're doing and Trump knows even less.
Doesn't a reconciliation bill need a CBO score first? Yes it's confusing, but we're not fooled.
You give them too much credit.  You would think after all these years they'd be prepared. I doubt they have a clue; just like Dems w/IOCARE
As opposed to that super secret process your colleagues initiated 7 years ago.
Please keep us posted in simple language. Thank you for being a sane, smart voice in the Senate.
Well they don't know what they are doing
Democracies are not run this way.  Our democracy died 1/20/2017.  Who do you still think your kidding?  You're normalizing this.
We aren't as dumb as they think. I've never seen so many people interested in politics.
Please... Do you think the American people don't know YOU fucked us over too? WE DO!
Sadly, why even call it health care. More like wealth care for those who never have enough.
Really? I thought it was because they don't know what they're doing and have no plan besides pretzel their way thru parliamentary procedures
I guess this is one of those "Toe-Mae-Toe"/"Toh-Mah-Tah" situations. Thanks for defending our healthcare, Senator!
We know what they're doing. It's what they're always doing, screwing the American people by passing a tax cut for the rich.
Keep light on the subject for U.S.  thanks for all you do!
Same in every situation .  Putin model Trump using.
Hell, how can I know what they are doing when they don't even know?
It's OVER. Turn state's evidence NOW & you & @RonWyden can get Claps back for making fools of you in 2013. "There WILL be carnage." #MAGA
"That's why we have to sign it so you can know what's in it...". Sound familiar?
Of all the things to say.the Dems have been doing closed door dirty deals for years.who are you kidding
Fight hard @SenFeinstein America is counting on you.
They write their bills in secret so we can't download the PDF files and explain to the masses that it's just a tax cut for the rich.
Stick to your guns - the @GOP will be in for a rude awakening when they lose many seats because they followed @realDonaldTrump into #hell
How about find out where they holding a little secret meetings in the little dark rooms and stand there with cameras demand to be a part
There ending there careers and there to stupid to realize it.
#Bait&switch #Bait&switch Brock!
Did they know what they were doing while writing exemptions from same for themselves?
What ARE they doing??
Pretty sure they don't know what they're doing themselves. Besides raking in the cash and trying to earn a one way trip to hell.
And we count on you to be tough as nails, on the attack, and own the headlines
So we are counting on you to do something?
Drug addicts in CA hospitals demand morphine sulfate, hydromorphone, Norco and oxycontin for their headaches. Enough of treating drug addict
California Emergency Rooms & ICUs are full of drug addicts. Stop the abuse, Repeal Obamacare.
Senator Feinstein, REPEAL Obamacare.  Enough of FREEBIES to welfare recipientes & illegal aliens.
Let me ask you Dianne, do you have Obama care? Yea i know the answer. Retire or hang yourself. America is sick of you. God bless POTUS
Save ACA and lives
We are not giving up the fight!  Trump & his lackeys Ryan & McConnell need to go! We want our country back!
Nothing like, "We have to pass this bill to find out what's in it." 2000 pages so your regulators can destroy healthcare in America. No.
