Really thought you did well today with your opening statement. WOW! you have been noticed. You nailed it! ;)
Nobody wants to hear what you say, you CORRUPT & EVIL woman. Wanting to cover up for #Pedophiles.
You were great
"Sanctimonious" is the perfect description for #Comey. Bravo, Senator.
Can't believe how Comey interrupted you today at the meeting and wouldn't let you get a word in edgewise. He's getting quite an attitude.
Remember the CIA got a lil'sloppy on a few CIA files that got edited off the intel. comm. pc? Seems that was endlessly tremendous to you.
Johnny was patient about it. He and I are good listeners. James seems impatient w/your handicaps. Maybe you attended too many rock concerts.
@MarkWarnerVA why wasn't the Comey letter classified information?
Comey was Judas for the American people
His Oct 28 decision/letter FAILED to adhere to the Hatch Act/DOJ statutes 
he KNEW GOP would leak
#Trump has been under surveillance since 2015! If there was a #RussianConspiracy then #Obama had the evidence in hand for all of 2016. #FAKE
So collusion or not??? just quit jerking us around. Do any of you tell the truth???
@MarkWarner does the FBI have the laptops of Mike Flynn, Carter Page, Paul Manaforte, Roger Stone?
I loved your opening statement. You eloquently described the absolute truth.

Kowtowing/posturing to ur constituency using specious arguments with no basis in fact. You aren't competant to be a national leader. Remove!
Comey today showed he was lured and falsely assured Weiner meta data definitely had Blackberry era emails
So who is Snr FBI who assured him?
What I see is denial. Why H. lost the election was she is an extremely flawed candidate, who if she were not the Dem. cand8 would be charged
Flawed candidate won more votes than flawed human now in Whitehouse
Mrs Feinstein you are one fine land and I do mean LADY. Thank you for that great statement. I would sure like to hear him explain and recuse
Can you believe i wrote "land" ! Oh brother!!! hahahahha! Excuse me for that! ;)
WOW .. COMEY REPLACEMENT .. ?  What happens to #RussiaGate?  Wow!
at this point what difference does it make ! she will not go to prison as she should .
@MarkWarnerVA why did it take the FBI FIVE weeks to discover Hillary's emails on the Weiner laptop?
U R a terrible person. That u still support election of a candidate who's criminal abuse of classified info was/is threat to U.S. interests?
You seemed the only one besides Al @SenFranken that were prepared...we noticed!
A tip to Democrats from an American Patriot:
Not yet. Can he just have stage 5 cancer and make most Americans happy.
Dear @SenFeinstein & @TGowdySC after listening to both of you #FBIComey it seem he's friend to neither #DEM or #REP
GOP aiding tRump cover-up. EXTREME INVESTIGATION NOW!
Hillary lost bc every speech spent the whole time trying to make Trump look Bad instead of telling what she would do to make her look better
Sen Feinstein needs to " Get Over It " Hillary Lost bc to much baggage, Lies, Phony Clinton Foundation, Russia had "NOTHING " to do her LOSS
Comey did not answer your questions believably.
Thank you Senator Feinstein!
I'm sorry I missed your opening statement live, but thought you were great on Meet the Press/Chuck Todd this afternoon.
Thank you Senator.
Very well spoken Senator
You were brilliant! And as controversial as Comey's decision was to tell Congress about HRC inv, it was @jasoninthehouse who tweeted it!!
You and your twerp committee wasted time and taxpayer $ all morning while Trump makes peace in the holy land.  Get over yourselves.
we want to know what was in the emails on Weiners laptop.We know there bad but people keep covering them up.Sad when you don't care
The greatest interference to our elections was Mexico with their illegal aliens that voted for your pal Killary Clinton.
more witch hunting
Thank you Sen Feinstein for demanding answers WHY Comey refused to tell Congress abt Trump campaign ALSO undr invest 4 poss collusion w Russ
Thank you Senator Feinstein. Your opening remarks were heartening as you eloquently voiced our concerns. #russianhacking #TrumpRussia
Pathetic & shameful. RETIRE. Serving never suppose 2B a career. U & others that have been there 4 decades is why Congress so dysfunctional.
What is currently being done to prevent #GangStalking?  They are using #ARSENICALS and eavesdrop on private citizens WITHOUT authorization.
Why didn't you support justice when Hillary broke the law?
@HillaryClinton lost all on her own still to this day can't understand that she wants to blame everyone else she needs to look in the mirror
It was long and insufferable.
I watched  Ur falsehoods and insinuations r disgusting. And the whole Trump/Russia fabricated story by ur ilk s/b prosecuted as crimes
Get over it Hillary Clinton was never going to be potus not in November NOT EVER an the emails didn't cause her to lose she did that herself
The truth is Dianne you wanted Comey to cover up for clinton. To hide every egregious thing she did. Your just as guilty as clinton
America by NOT Electing Clinton was saved from further extinction of religious and moral decay. She was arrogant and tried to conceal ģuilt
Stop blaming everyone for Hillary's troubles! Her and Abedine should both be under indictment! Both risked national security!
dems still whining about election loss/get over it/stop whining and do you job
Feinstein wanted Comey to cover-up thousands of Hillary classified state department emails on pedophile Anthony Weiner's laptop.
Thank you
This Judiciary Hearing was a joke with time wasted on reviving the HRC email controversy instead of the #TrumpRussiaCoverUp!
No secret server, no FBI.
Thank you!
In cases of local law enforcement they would have to seek FBI or the DOJ only .
Apple downloads the data in the warrant , by no means should law enforcement gets that key ,,local law enforcement should never get it
I did. Comey cleared the HRC emails before the election. Voters had that info. Voters elected Trump. Your team lost - terrible candidate!!
Judy so you & SenF are saying liberals like you are so stupid that the Russians influenced their vote & they switched from Hillary to Trump
Would benefit 1,10,3000.Then my suggestion FBIgets the warrant to make apple open the phone the phone neverleaves apple and apple downloads
Officers using access for personal vendettas etc. manipulate data . You should find out how many cases do the FBI currently have that would
nice opening, good questioning; not happy with all his answers
Law enforcement already abuse resources they have without a warrant . It makes it hard to prove harassment from police,,or
I would like to way in. In with San Bernardino ,,my reservations it am universal key , then law enforcement can access anyone they want
Well I'm glad your looking into data like San Bernardino cases to get into phones , I'm actually glad a senator reads foreign news .
Why were you not asking Comey about the Trump Russia connection?  This is not a hearing on terrorism and locked devices! Get on point!

"YOU" can't get it through your head that there were many who DID NOT WANT A LIAR, CROOKED, UNETHICAL, PAY4PLAY WOMAN AS OUR PRESIDENT
The fact that "YOU" DID SPEAKS VOLUMES ABT "YOUR" CHARACTER. CLINTON REPUTATION HAS BEEN AROUND 4 YRS PEOPLE HATED WHAT SHE STOOD FOR
Didn't want to see her as PRESIDENT. WHAT DON'T U GET DIANNE? Have u MORALLY fallen so far that u can't see what was in front of UR own eyes
I wouldn't brag abt your years in the Senate. You have but one person to answer to on Judgement day.Ubetter be prepared 2 ans YU screwed USA
I sent this to Feinstein
I would rather watch the FBI indict you and your husband.
Ask Comey why he hid Trump investigation from voters. 
ASK.
HIM.

EXPOSED: Dianne Feinstein held fundraiser with healthcare lobby firm days after slamming Sanders' single-payer bill http://www.ibtimes.com/political-capital/dianne-feinstein-takes-money-health-care-lobby-rejects-single-payer-insurance …
Reason for Comey oct 28 decision, ask the same re russia interference what was thought process to not to give it same attention as HC emails
You need to retire....lol NOBODY is listening to what you have to to say nor do they care.
Thank you, Senator.
Clearly can't get past Hillary's loss. #giveitarestalready
Very solid Senator.
I applaud your undying diligence in this questioning session. I wish they would allow you more time especially you
WHY not question WHY the DNC would  NOT allow the FBI to examine their computers,after the claims of Russia Hacking?What were they hinding?
This is not factual. The FBI botched the whole affair. They left an obscure message in the DNC phone mail.
Don't try and cloud the issue.
It's confirmed fact that Russia interfered w/ election to benefit Trump. But the question today is, did Trump collude? That should be your ?
Still waiting to see it.
Thank you!
Thank you Senator Feinstein
I did. You failed. And what's up dismissing #SinglePayer after taking money from insurance lobbyists?
Comey: Hillary Clinton's CLASSIFIED emails were on Anthony Weiner's home computer.
I'd rather go snorkeling in a septic tank.
The FBI tampered with the Presidential Election. Pull this man Comey off the investigation and investigate him.
Are you done yet? Accept Comey's smackdown on your remarks and MOVE ON!
Uh, this might come as a shock to you, but ... Comey isn't helping #failedpresident one bit.
Not interested in that, he'll survive. Tired of this re-hash. Hillary lost thru her own volition and the stupidity of her staff.
Well said. There's actually some smart people on Twitter and I never come out here.
Good Wednesday, Sen.Dianne Feinstein of CALIFORNIA
Just ate, so I'll have to pass.
i'll watch it just to see if you still have Betty Crocker's hair.
Considering how old she is, I'm wondering if Betty Crocker has Feinstein's hair.
Great job! Watching on @CSpan 3.
Great job Sen Feinstein
