I've been trying to call with no success. I'm afraid an email cannot convey my true horror at the actions of Trump @SenFeinstein PLEASE HELP
SAME. what the heck is going on @SenFeinstein
Same. Called 3 diff't Feinstein #s total of 60 times yesterday, couldn't even leave a VM.
ugggggh democracy is failing us so hard
Democracy isn't failing. What is happening is everyone is following the system except the "leader" @nastymeghan @3DTruth @SenFeinstein
that's kind of a biggie
Yeah. It is how #fascism takes hold. Swiftly. Before the system can work to stop it. @3DTruth @nastymeghan @SenFeinstein
That is exactly why I'm beside myself w/ anger for our now compromised democracy aka Trumpocracy.
Apparently you don't need to worry about votes as you refuse to answer to your constituents at this time. Shame on you.
Time to get more phone lines so you can let your constituents voice their concerns. #weneedyou
You could probably cut down the phone congestion by announcing you aren't going to vote for Trump's cabinet.
@baratunde @SenFeinstein forget about the  dam emails a
and tell us where you  stand on Sessions. No more games  from you Dems!
Done. Well, not done. But I sent a message.
Please stand with us against #sessionsconfirmation and Trump's extreme agenda!
word's out that emails don't carry much weight - upgrade the phones! join your constituents in 2017...we're not going away
vote against Sessions and we'll stop calling (about this issue)
Resign. Let Brown appoint someone with a spine that will oppose Trump.
Feinstein: highest pro Trump votes in Dems
she asked for the responses so let's hope she does the right thing. Barrage her with your thoughts.
Senator,  please improve your phone system.   6 calls per day for 30 days and I have gotten through once.
PLEASE VOTE NO ON SESSIONS!!!!!!
please add more lines. Full voicemail inbox and busy lines all week are unacceptable.
Hope you told protesters of lack of D action against R's Congress & POTUS initiatives to assure electing a D majority Congress
I emailed. No on Sessions, No on DeVos! Thank u.
i have called. but I am angry that you are wasting our energy convincing you to do something you should just do anyway.
@TJMitchellWS Good to know, I call constantly Any response to the graphic from @NateSilver538 that shows you supporting Tr**p?
BLOCK ALL SUPREME COURT NOMINEES. DO NOT BACK DOWN. WE NEED YOU TO BE UNCOMPROMISING.
.@SenFeinstein I've tried calling your offices for weeks!! Get better voicemail system!
Tried all five lines all day, no joy. Email is down. Obstruct the  out of Gorsuch. DeVos: loon, no on her too. Izzy 93950
this comment thread is several hundred deep and I can't find one person upset that they can't through to say vote yes. :)
Can't reach you by phone.  Please do what you can to initiate proceedings to appoint a special prosecutor.  John Dean suggests
I pray you do not vote for sessions or tillierson I voted for you I will think about it if you vote for them
I've attempted calls 20 times and not gotten through. Email it is.  Other than my reps who else to email?
Please vote no on Sessions and DeVos.
We have shared. Are you not getting the message? FIGHT! No Sessions, no Justices, no appointment approvals.
Clear your voice mailbox please so we can leave our feedback.
VOTE NO ON ALL TRUMP NOMINEES. DO NOT GIVE AN INCH. IMPEACH TRUMP.
please vote no on Sessions and DeVos. Also sending you an email. -CA Voter
Looking forward to donating to whoever opposes @SenFeinstein in the 2022 primary.
sooner than that she is up in 2018. Last election 2012 six year term. Hear that @SenFeinstein #VoteDownTrump on everything!
according to Nate Sliver' 538 @SenFeinstein has voted with Trump more than R senators, she is on the top of the list? #WTF
With your votes to confirm ANY of these nominees you have received my LAST vote! Will support ANY Dem running against you.
As constituents we'll remember your votes to approve his nominees & WON'T reelect you (if he already hasn't nuked us by then)
IVE SENT LIKE 80
I hope this means our message is getting through: for Californians, Sessions is completely unacceptable as AG. #NoOnSessions
You need to gather whatever forces are available and put a stop to the Bannon/Trump fascist regime.
"WITHHOLD CONSENT." Employ "public holds." Be a one woman wrecking crew!
beam aboard and get more lines or a more modern way to HEAR us!
You are experienced enough to go after a demagog. Resist Sessions appointment until he vows allegiance to US Constitution.
You must vote no on Sessions. We need an independent DOJ. Do the right thing. Please.
please please get rid of him.
pls do NOT approve any of trump's nominees. mattis was applauding the illegal EO on muslims! we have a constitutional crisis!
Btw tried calling but lines were down
please do not vote in favor of session appointment nor devos nor pudzer! Please stand with us constituents on this one!
you'd think @SenFeinstein would without a doubt shoot down the Sessions nomination, please let her know
how can constituents best help you fight various Trump/Republican madness? Emails with personal stories or voicemails?
Vote NO on Sessions, DeVos, and Price. As a Californian you would be betraying our great state if you violate will of people.
I voted for you, emails are ignored. It's unacceptable phone lines are perpetually busy. STOP SESSIONS & DeVos We watch & wait
you must vote to block sessions and all other nominees including the next scotus. I’ve called and emailed.
just emailed you to make sure you VOTE NO on Besty DeVos! Our teachers and schools deserve better @NEAToday #DumpDevos
done!
YOU SHOULDN'T NEED PHONE CALLS TO KNOW THAT CALIFORNIANS EXPECT YOU TO VOTE NO ON SESSIONS!
Do better.
if you vote for sessions....
oppose jeff sessions, for humanity's sake.
Don't vote for any of Trumps nominees.  They're incompetent goofballs.  Opinion logged.
Every vote for a Trump nominee is $10 I give to your primary challenger.  Why isn't it 100% clear who you are voting for?!!?
you are absolutely one of my role models and heroes, we NEED you to EXPLICITLY vote NO on sessions & devos. PLEASE!
Please make your phone lines more accessible!
You need more staff.  I call people around the country and can get through, but not with your office.  Also, no on Sessions!!!
CA resident asking you to pls reject SenSessions as AG. Long history of opposing civil rights & equality for all = unqualified
I hope ur voting agnst Sessions tomorrow. This is not even a close call #Sessionshearing https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/trumps-hard-line-actions-have-an-intellectual-godfather-jeff-sessions/2017/01/30/ac393f66-e4d4-11e6-ba11-63c4b4fb5a63_story.html?utm_term=.8291f9b167e2 …
Does this mean you will actually read and count the emails?
please vote no on @SenatorSessions and @BetsyDeVos. Los Angeles, CA 90068
Please do the right thing and don't vote for Sessions.
Thank you for all you do! Keep strong. You are our roll model!
Please block Sessions! Take a stand!
Vote NO on Jeff Sessions for Attorney General and NO on Betsy DeVos for Education Secretary!
is your team counting all of these comments?  I hope so.  It sure does sound like we want you to vote no on all of his cabinet
your constituents want you to represent us and vote against Sessions.
Ridiculous. Get more phone lines. Clear your messages. We shouldn't have to spend HOURS calling a person who works for US.
Please vote NO on Sessions and DeVose! #StopSessions #StopDeVose
Please install more phone lines and get more staff! CA largest state in US and you need capacity. #StopSessions
I did. But just in case, vote no on Sessions and DeVos. It's become clear #Trump has no interest in maintaining our democracy
Done! Please block Steve Bannon's appointment to National Security Council. And fix your phones. :)
STOP VOTING FOR *ANY* OF HIS TERRIBLE NOMINEES!
vote NO on Sessions!!!
stop voting in trump nominees. Do what your democratic constituents voted you in for.
We beg of you, please do not vote to confirm Betsy DeVos or ANY MORE of these outlandish cabinet nominees!! They are all jokes
you'll hear less from me when you show some spine and oppose the Trump agenda in toto.
@barbls23 now that's public services trump take notes
Too many people calling to complain about you?
Block Sessions.
your welcoming of comments is fantastic!
Your email choices don't easily fit confirmation hrg topics.  1,000's of us could not get thru on any of ur lines last week.
@USRepRodney Rep Frelinghuysen, take note- this is the very least you should be doing to communicate w constituents.
Ms. Feinstein where are you? We need your voice. Democrats are being way too quite. There should be outrage not just by a few.
if my reps are already fighting the good fight, who else should I contact to turn the tide?
Please VOTE NO ON JEFF SESSIONS/DEVOS
Democrats must vote NO on cabinet nominees. Immigration  = white supremists 
& fascists, not Democracy
been trying to reach you all week. Vote no on Sessions! Show up at #MuslimBan protests! RESIST! #FrustratedOaklandVoter
Clear your voicemail box! For the love of god. This is not about "sharing our opinions."This is about democracy. #StopTrump
please #stopsessions I'm now his constituent and he won't take our letters. We need you!
Please update your constituents on the actions you're taking in response to this Administration's behavior
Block Jeff Sessions. If you fail, QUIT!
retire
I haven't seen you at the airport photos, is you health okay?Worried that something is wrong that phone off hook and no action
Where were you yesterday?  Where will you be today?  #LETTHEMIN
.@SenFeinstein Your phone lines have been full for days.  I would love to know how you will be voting on Trump's nominees
Vote NO on all the cabinet nominations especially against Sessions. And do something about your phones!!
Sickened by your votes for #LoserPOTUS's cabinet nominees. You're not representing me. http://wpo.st/QCxW2 
I mean, we call and write. But what are you DOING?
where you guys we need you to say something and start impeachment on this individual
Where are you?  The nation is catching fire and you're taking the weekend off? All hands on deck and stop this madness!
Full obstruction or prepared to be primaried.
You are a major Senator & have not been able to get through on any office line,regardless of state.More phone lines,less email
thank you. His EO makes no finding that justifies an Emergency ban from listed countries. It's overreach/abuse of power & P4P
So far you've voted yes for 4 of Trump's cabinet picks.   More no votes would be nice start with DeVos, Sessions, and Pruitt.
my opinion is that you're not being loud enough in your objections. I expect you to reject, obstruct #ImpeachTrump
You are less likely to read emails than hear phone calls. We'll keep calling, thanks.
increase your phone lines. NO on Sessions, Devos and Pruitt. Be public about your stance
I’ve called at 5  a.m. and cannot get through to your office
please help at LAX!!!!
I have sent emails & gotten no response. Do you or your staff actually read them? How do they count in your decision making?
Voting for unqualified & dangerous candidates is unacceptable. We can't reach you & even when we can you aren't listening!
- My opinion?  You are a traitor to the people who voted for you.  Stop now!  Stop voting "yes" on his cabinet picks.  STOP!!!
Begging you to block Trump's nominees. They're unqualified. Stand up to Repubs. Reject Muslim ban. Be strong- be our voice.
I hope you are NOT going to support any more of his ca inept appointees! I expect better from you.
I thought you retired!  Was I wrong?  If you are still in, please leave!  We've got this now that Trump is in!
.@SenFeinstein Your aids saying not enough people are calling when your phone lines are too full to answer? Please do better for California
Senator Feinstein, to cut down on phone and email traffic, please, please act/vote like a Democrat. Constituents are BEYOND concerned.
Thank you.  I plan to keep in close contact with you for a while.  Thank you for all you are doing for us.
Please, please stand up against this muslim ban. It is disgusting and unAmerican and must be stopped right now. I live in CA.
Where are you?  We need you out there.
Senator please do something to stop this bullying against Mexico that it is a good neighbor of USA is not fair is not right
as your constituent (94501) I urge you to use all avenues to pressure DJT to rescind this E.O. immediately. #MuslimBanprotest
.@SenFeinstein I will email you when I get home from the vigil at LAX. #LetThemIn #MuslimBan #NoBanNoWall
Pledge to vote NO on all nominees at least until the #MuslimBan is lifted. Do not accept this immoral  illegal un-American act
You and the other Dem senators need to get busy obstructing every goddamn thing to come out of this administration.
Life-long Democrat and CA-28 registered voter. Your resistance needs to increase very soon!!!
Except you never answer your emails except with standard letters were you don't have to engage  or listen to concerns.
Yeah it's called VOTE NO ON TRUMP'S CABINET! Damn you to hell for voting yes
Here's my opinion > SAY NO TO SEN.SESSION. He is backwards on #VotingRights. He'd be worst AG in history. #SessionsBan
Pls add more lines/vmail boxes if possible. The inability to get through may turn off newly activated folks. We need them!
The media is not the opposition...you and the Democrats are the opposition!
Please fight Trump! Make your voice heard..stand against tyranny and hate! Fight his Supreme Court nominations! Help us!
emails are ignored. Fix your phones. Get an alternative number. It's easy if you want to make it happen.
How much courage does it take to say no to a registry? If u can't say no to that, you don't deserve to have your job
Thanks Dianne!! You're the GREATEST!!
@DearAuntCrabby
@DearAuntCrabby Not 'opinions'. Fears and concerns.
FIGHT the GOP the way they  fought President Obama. Show Trump the same respect, GOP showed President Obama. Fight!
@DearAuntCrabby stop voting yes
You need AN OPINION. LOOK AROUND YOU. We are descending into chaos and you want an e mail??? WTF $RESIST
Here's an opinion, wtf are you people doing?
start obstructing! Stop confirming. I will vote for another dem senator in your reflection. You've been cooperating.
*relection. All due respect, you cannot work with these crazy people
You know what we think, Senator. This is very simple: DO THE RIGHT THING.
If we have to tell you not to roll over for fascism, discrimination, and authoritarianism, what are you even doing?
.@SenFeinstein get more phone lines & let us leave voicemails. If you really care about what we have to say, make it easier for us to say it
Constituent from CA, bay area. Who is reading this? Tell her NO NO NO on the confirmation of Sessions and DeVos.
You need to open more lines.
Senator Feinstein, I'm a constituent.  Please vote NO on Sessions.
Please vote NO on Trump’s selections and protect the people of America.
Vote NO to Jeff Sessions for US Attorney General
California voter here, requesting you fight loudly, strongly, and urgently. We can't land on the wrong side of history #resist
Please vote NO on Sen Jeff Sessions as USAtty General; terrible civil rights record! Remember the last 8 yrs #StopSessions
please pressure the senators from Arizona.  They care less about their constituents and it will show next election
ALL of your offices voice mails are always full. It's almost as if you are avoiding us, the people who voted you in.
CLEAR YOUR VOICEMAILS.
Absolutely NO on Betsy Devos!!!!!
My sis in law is banned. Shes in a war torn country afraid 4 her life. Is this what US stands for? Whats happening 2 us? Help!
That is what I did.
when Democrats make impassioned speeches at hearings and vote to confirm they look weak and disingenuous be consistent
This is the 21st century. We must have technology that better handles the volume of calls.
please stand strong against these cabinet appts. Sessions & DeVos should not be hard to take a stand on! Stand up! Watching.
Stop voting to confirm Trump's cabinet!
thank you
Iam your constitute. I vote in every election.Stand up to this administration period!
Please hire more staff to take the volume of calls you will be getting the next 4 years. I haven't had this issue w/ SenHarris
please do not waste your constituents' time with asking us to email unless you are going to weigh them the same as phone calls
please start answering your phones
vote NO on devos, session, price, pruitt, carson, tillerson, puzder, ross, mnuchin, mchmahon, and perry.
I just sent emails because the mail box is full. We need you to stand up and be a leader in rejecting unqualified nominees.
thank you for the information Senator Feinstein.  Constituents have had difficulty contacting by will share .#resist
Reject POTUS and his alt-right agenda! It is clear that he is a dictator in the making.
what good is our opinion?  Dems are doing nothing to fight back. Dems are way too soft.
Vote against Sessions!! Do your job a a Dem and stand up for all the Californian voters who voted against trump!
I've sent you plenty but you never reply.  It's hard to do as you ask when you don't return the favor.
@SenSchumer @NancyPelosi @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems u guys need to speak up or war will be next
@donnabrazile  John Cornyn  and Ted Cruz lines are always full.
Support President Trump's cabinet appointees so he can run the country!
NO on DeVos. NO on Sessions. This is what we are calling about. Make an announcement this weekend that you will oppose!
