= too stupid to spell "thing". Pathetic!
guess you weren't in Richmond when the Arthur Ashe statue was erected. Clown.
you're doing it right now, racist. Dems know it's about poverty,not race. Don't you have a cross to burn, David Duke?
yes, I'm bigoted towards racists, like you.
-Re-Sessions-Disgraceful comment by you!Ever hear of Sen. R.Bryd Dem/KKK Grand Dragon-Senator-Ur served in Vietnam comments!!?
yeah, Byrd apologized publicly for decades, goober. Sad!
Why does Connecticut have one of the highest low educational levels in the country?
@SenFeinstein You people don't deserve the respect due to people in public office. You both are an abomination
Totally agree! I can't name every little "award" or "certificate" I got (not many).
Look in your on closet and the things you did not report. Likely will be similar.
- wow, I wonder why he was chosen 4 such award. Something 4 nothing is a total lie! Track record saids it all.
Details please. What award, from who exactly, time, date?
He also falsely reported his "personal" involvement with 4 cases brought by attorneys who stated #Sessions had "no substantive involvement"
You and the "progrogressives" are the modern day SS, with your relentless attacks against pro lifers and conservatives.
The non partisan group,Freedom House(not D. Horowitz's group) did a study of mosques,finding 80% teach violence and hatred.
Thank you so much, Senator!
Your Gal Nancy Pelosi accepted an award from #BlackGenocide org called @PPact @SenBlumenthal @SenFeinstein
Please keep quiet. You contributed to the destruction of  Connecticut.
@SenFeinstein What a circus show you made out of the hearings. It always makes me smile. We win again in 4!
#JeffSessions
Planned Parenthood is the US version of concentration camps and Mengele. Torture,death, and body parts. You should be asamed!
. The diffrence is that the victums cannot scream
.God damn PP and those who cherish and suport it All lives matter!!
I thought same thing small things are larger things Why not just tell? seemed to become defensive and then a joke for graham
@SenFeinstein  So we celebrate MLK day with this racist endorsement? Way to go! Read what Coretta wrote and show respect
@SenFeinstein His hate?
where are you getting your information.  Seems lame to throw out crap   without stating true facts.
@realDonaldTrump didn't blumenthal lie about coming home from Vietnam?
What haven't you reported? HILLARY CLINTON'S TOP SECRET EMAILS?
@SenFeinstein He put away a KKK member for life. Unlike Hillary who admits to having a KKK leader as her mentor. #killary
Please vote no on #Sessions. Untruthful in addition to problematic history with race relations. #Sessionshearing
deez nuts?
The short version of your 1st name says it all. Nuff Said.
UR an idiot.  U focused ur time on this? What are going to do for Supreme Court nominee  #leavethecommite #partriotslose
Stop the hypocrisy!!!
This slimy weasel Senator, that has been rumored for years to be the boyfriend of Hillary Clinton, is trying to hit back for his girlfriend.
are you nuts? Or just a commie? Horowitz speaks the truth and you are too dumb to figure it out. Or you're the problem.
if the BLM's gave u an award would u deny the honor! After all they are a hate group! You're just upset Hillary's not Potus!
the imaginary one that you made up for grandstanding purposes?
Im giving you the yankee dumbass award.
McCarthyism. If you forgot what it looked like...here you go.
He didn't report his royalties from the oil well. Are they an overriding royalty or working one? Big Difference
Dick can "misspeak" but no one else can. Just ask him about Vietnam.
After your inane questions hope you have the decency to vote for a good man Sen Sessions.
http://www.nytimes.com/2010/05/18/nyregion/18blumenthal.html?pagewanted=all … I know, right? Like lying u served in Vietnam when u deferred five times. Let's hear the truth, Dick!
@SenFeinstein He's a member of a private club in D.C. along with several other cabinet nominees!
#CorettaKingLetter
http://wapo.st/2iaXCZg 
- begs an answer!
You were smart and respectful asking questions about substantive issues. Nice job.
@SenFeinstein that the KKKs origin began w @SenateDems in the south, @DineshDSouza & all Dems voted against 14th Amend
You know you acting very Disgraceful!
How stupid are Connecticut voters for electing a pathological liar?
Did you report all of your awards from 'Nam Honest Dick?
I can't wait to see you tomorrow.
Great questions today!
He didn't report on the extraordinary restraint it took to treat you like an adult after such an infantile, loaded question.
Are you Jealous that you don't have any awards????
"Connecticut's U.S. Senator." Are you the only one?
Did he falsely and repeatedly claim to have served in Vietnam?
You are a freaking idiot to ask 
.@jeffsessions a question like that. He's a man of honor, you're a lying jackass!
you did good sir. Thank you.
good questions no vote no !!! Sessions is not fit to be AG
he didn't report when he came back from Vietnam unlike you Dick
Thank you for this line of questioning. It matters.
