(2/5) Keystone XL, Dakota Access pipeines are widely opposed by local communities and pose environmental risks. #NoDAPL #NoKXL
(3/5) There are many ways to build a modern energy system without jeopardizing clean water or destabilizing the climate. #NoDAPL #NoKXL
(4/5) If the president wants true energy security, he should work with Congress on a bipartisan infrastructure plan. #NoDAPL #NoKXL
(5/5) Read my full statement on my opposition to executive orders on Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines:
you're such a hack.  Retire
You have zero room to complain after you allowed San Onofre to close and now Diablo Canyon is next.  You support fossil.
Diablo Canyon has no real seismic issues.   That is pure scare.  Don't complain about fossil and Global warming.
Also, since when did you care? Issue statements all you want, why aren't you trying to actually fight against it?
@DesignClimate  He wants the pipelines because we won't be able to afford Mexico crude after his 20% tax
@SaveMain_St Or normalize the illegitimacy of a psychopathic maniac in WH.
Spend money on US Rail ... especially the Chicago Hub. If your not up to speed on this - please talk to people.
Thank you! #MniWiconi
The Pipelines are about making millions for top Exec’s in the companies  constructing operating and using them, Not helping the Public
.@SenFeinstein So will you be voting no on #pollutingPruitt and Perry?
Agreed! Thank you. #NoDAPL #NoKXL   Also #NoPruitt
Fight them, don't compromise!
Enough talk!  DO SOMETHING!  STOP HIM!
especially whenspecial interest and lobbyist of trucking companies and railroads pay you to stop the pipeline.  #draintheswamp
this is giving terrorist a prime target to hit #NPR #CNNNYE #NewEditionBET. #abcnews
Were you opposed to the billions that Obama gave Brazil for offshore drilling? Americans need energy independence. Not you!
and we know how much good you've done in 30 years. Who cares what you think other than extremists in extreme Cali
YOU ALL need to FIGHT this! It will destroy our planet!This GREED is despicable!These people areNOTpatriots just bloodsuckers!
Thank you for standing up for the communities who do not want this across their land.
Sure it is a environmental mess but it does create jobs, and the pipeline is beneficial. We have to get away from the "cartel"
The grave mistake is having you a senator for thirty years
KEEP FIGHTING! THIS IS INSANITY!
Thank you for standing up #NoDAPL #NoKXL
Get out of office, thousands of pipelines cover the country, safer than trains or ships. Buffett ships oil by his trains
keep it up Senator Feinstein!
What recourse do we have to thwart this mans madness? The EC did not do its job. Where are the checks &balances?
EPA is in terrible situation right now
always to see the large picture and long term consequences. Please help us all seek the best not the most expedient
what r u going to do about the gag orders on most of agencies, killing of the EPA???!! #no form letter!
Didn't USGS find a huge deposit of natural gas and oil in Texas last year?  No need for these pipelines.
How do we keep the majority of the oil from being shipped out of the US but stay here to serve Americans?
THANK YOU. I support you.
trump is part owner of the pipeline. More conflicts! Impeach now !!
Thank you!
...fight it tooth and nail!!!! The 'majority' of us agree with you
@marcylauren We need 2B focused on CLEAN ENERGY! Trump is grabbing Mother Earth by the Pus..
#TraitorTrump #IllegitimatePOTUS
keep fighting to keep our lands clean
Thank you for taking this stand. We need you to be a bulldog for us!!
he is doing this for personal profit. He owns stock in the Dakota pipeline. He will do this across all public and tribal lands
it's all the @GOP @POTUS are about
up
The
Shut
Thank you!!
@joexg30 Term Limits
Doesn't he own stock in this pipeline.  Wants to continue making money as President.  Conflicts of interest!!!
I did this is common internet knowledge
never did I think I would agree with anything the senator believes. Imagine that.
It's a helluva lot safer than hauling oil by truck or train!!!!
thank you. Sanders would have won.
Today http://www.cnbc.com/2017/01/24/canada-oil-pipeline-spills-200000-liters-on-aboriginal-land.html?__source=twitter …
uninformed
if they get built there should be very high penalties for spills in the contract!
, I agree with you.  What can we do? #NoDAPL #NoKXL
Is being spun as job creating.Dakota pipeline = 90% completed & pipe company located in AK's main headquarters= in Dubai .
So I guess your ok with us buying our oil from the Middle East,Just think How many more terrorists can they train? Save @USA
Yes, but the Kochs need them. So it's important, right?
It doesn't have to do with need it has to do with greed.
@joexg30  So what have you proposed in the last 30 years you been in office? Anything?
well the state just legalized child prostitution. That's something for her to look back on with pride. 
. 2 bad Feinstein.
I believe you should retire and shut up
Thanks, Sen Feinstein.   Keep the pressure on.
I would offer the same logic for high speed rail and water tunnels the size of the English Channel
I believe it's insane to risk our water for TEMP jobs for another country's oil!
isn't he personally invested in Keystone?
no you're against it because your a party line hack .  How many times have you crossed the aisle on a vote ?
