(2/2) To those who came out to #LAX, #SFO and #SanDiego airports to stand up to this discriminatory order, I stand with you.
Why did you vote to confirm the head of DHS? Why are you not doing your job? Why shouldn't we vote you out if you continue?
Rulings not being enforced! CBP & US Marshals refuse to allow counsel at LAX. Citizens detained. Use CA Guard if necessary!
your party should be ashamed how u are acting acting little children!!
There is no "victory" until Trump and his minions are out of office.
how r u voting for Sessions? https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/trumps-hard-line-actions-have-an-intellectual-godfather-jeff-sessions/2017/01/30/ac393f66-e4d4-11e6-ba11-63c4b4fb5a63_story.html?utm_term=.8291f9b167e2 …
100 percent pro-Trump voting record so far? You should be recalled. #DUMPDIANNE
I went to #laxprotest last night & it was packed with your constituents! If you stand with us, please vote against Sessions.
.@SenFeinstein SAY IT WITH YOUR VOTES, SISTER. don't try to cosign a victory against what you've voted to confirm.
Thank you Senator
Thx Senator Feinstein for introducing the bills to recind the Muslim ban. It's an impeachable offense. Please initiate!
We need a lot more than that to stop this megalomaniac. #standupfightback
YES, AND STOP VOTING FOR *ANY* OF HIS TERRIBLE NOMINEES!
@KamalaHarris @JuliaBrownley26 @SenSanders @BernieSanders pls watch Steve BANNON.  He wants to destabilize the US. #coup
Vote no tonight on Mnuchin. Guy is poison to our economy.
Go out and keep fighting the ban. Per @nytimes ppl still being detained despite order. @KamalaHarris #nomuslimban #nowallnoban
your tweets mean nothing, but your actions say everything!
Stand up in the Senate. Tweets don't matter if you betray the American people in the Senate. Oppose ALL nominees.
please keep paying attention to the side view mirrors also where he is acting more quietly...filing for 2020, bannon elevation
Guessing you haven't noticed but the Dems aren't doing what we asked it is going to be a pretty tough time in 2yrs.
If you're really progressive, you'd vote against most of his cabinet nominees, which you haven't done. @SenFeinstein @sumoh7
Support those who did. @SenFeinstein
Now, if only you stood up to him every time he acts obnoxiously, not just when it's politically safe for you! @SenFeinstein @sumoh7
we are counting on #YOU to oppose #Sessions' nomination on Tuesday. please continue to fight for #all Americans. thank you!
But Homeland Security is defying the court order.
The WH has already issued a statement saying they're going to ignore the court order.  They're thumbing their noses @ us!
please do not vote to confirm sessions.
We thank you!!
Wrong again, U dems did it long ago, U have no solution to all the killings by rag heads.
NO on Sessions, Tillerson, and Devos ! You must vote no!
@DrNancyMD are they actually honoring it yet? Released all held in airports?
I would expect a Senator to know that issuing  an  injunction isn't a ruling.  The EO is well within the President's power.
.@SenFeinstein I'm a PA resident but willing to help out in anyway possible - just let us know what you need.
IF YOU CONFIRM HIS CABINET PICKS YOU ARE PART OF THE PROBLEM. We're watching.
Says the co-sponsor of the bill that made the order legal.
never stop fighting.
So stop confirming his goddamn cabinet picks
It's not a victory if DHS and CBP ignore it!  Where are you?
#SenatorsMIA
but will it stick?
didn't you co-sponsor the bill that made the order legal?
impeach??
So why did it have to come down to the ACLU and protestors to get the ball rolling?  What action will you & colleagues take??
TY for this. I respect you/yr service profoundly. But your votes to confirm cab noms don't rep me & I always get busy signal when calling u.
You are my Senator & I appreciate this statement. Please vote no on Sessions.
you don't do anything for US Citizens... so why not let in more ppl
I expect you to vote AGAINST his remaining cabinet picks! I also expect your support when he comes for the rest of us. #Resist
Only your actions Will prove the sencerity of your words. Do not confirm Trump appointees.
you voted for the head of the agency that is doing this. Hold yourself accountable.
Ma'am, the President is AGAINST American Values.  You need to ACT ACCORDINGLY.  This is A National Crisis.
@JohnLeguizamo yeah Senator but what else are you all prepared to do. Impeach this fool! Don't talk bout it. Be about it!
impeach this monster
I hope this means you're part of the legislation to block this. I hope this means you're having a second hearing on sessions
@VanJones68 we don't want you to stand with us. We want you to do something more than issue a press release. We want action
You are my Senator. What are u doing about it? No business as usual!
but @realDonaldTrump is refusing to follow it.
@SenateDems no talk act! Shut down Congress!
PLEASE oppose EVERYTHING their admin and Repubs seek, and get other Dems onboard! Lock-step opposition!!!
We the people expect the democrats to be as strong as we are!Hope you realize that,working with administration is a NO !
Senator, is the ruling being respected? Many credible reports indicate it is not, very concerning.

Attys at Dulles with a fed court order entitling them to see detainees told by CBP "it's not going to happen" Attys seeking contempt order
keep fighting for us.
where were you last night? Protesting? @repjohnlewis was helping you are just talking
What are you doing about Homeland Security ignoring federal stay?
Judge's order being violated in SF according to press call now w attorneys.Two elderly Iranians facing deportation noon PST.
What exactly are American "values" according to social progressive activists? I'm curious.
please show up at a CA airport and give your power and force to the refuge cause.
block, oppose, resist, repeat until we get this fixed.
What are you DOING about Bannon appointment to National Security Counsil and JOint Chiefs removal?
My @IndivisibleTeam will hold you accountable and not forget. If u can't find the spine to do it, we'll support another vs u
now YOU MUST STOP arming the terrorists, including Saudi Arabia.
more important is see how Brannon's new job may influence investigation into Russian hacking
Enter the airport & physically retrieve the refugees Senator.
No one would stop you.
Go!
This is a really good idea!  Please do it!
tried calling u the other day...blocked. #RESIST every Trump appointment.
impeach!
it is said he ordered not to follow the courts
STOP VOTING FOR ALL OF HIS HORRIBLE CABINET PICKS THEN, FEINSTEIN. YOU ARE IGNORING & FAILING YOUR CONSTITUENTS.
he is already defying the court order.
