There is no legitimate purpose for civilians to own AR15's or the like, either
Your twitter description is exactly opposite of your statement. You are from Kalifornia though so we will let it go
HUH??? How so? No I am not "from" California, and have no idea what your little word salad is trying to say.
Your “defend out democracy”. By taking away the 2nd Amendment? And resist? What, common sense? MAGA
1st, only a mental midget would equate common sense gun regulation w/ "taking away 2nd amend";2nd, guns won't stop what's killing democracy
I guess that description then fits Bloomberg, clinton, everytown, Moms Demand Action, and all the other anti-gun nuts then. Want them both
You have grown very tiresome, go hump your gun. Better yet, suck on the barrel while doing finger exercises. I am done
Not SINGLE mention of Hunting in Bill or Right. How the fuk did you become a Senator without knowing Constitution?
You're right! It's about participating in a well regulated militia. Did you see any signs of that in Vegas?
Uh…what?
mi·li·tia
məˈliSHə/
a military force that is raised from the civil population
all able-bodied civilians eligible by law for military service
I’m from Texas and there isn’t one
Just because you're from texas, that doesn't mean you're not a snowflake.
The 2nd amendment is not about hunting
The #2A is not about hunting. Shame on you. @gunpolicy
You are right, it's about well regulated militia
And exactly how are these militias protecting a free state.
The 2nd amendment has nothing to do with hunting
Missed where hunting utility was prerequisite for arms. You've tried every lie poss to ban any gun/ammo/owner u might manage. Zero cred. FU
If you believe the #2A has anything to do with hunting, you have no place in the conversation.
I will pay you $1 million USD if you can show me where the word "hunting" appears in the 2nd Amendment...and yes I really have the money.
.@SpeakerRyan "...an avid hunter"? Don't you mean "avid supplicant to the NRA who has prostituted himself for NRA blood money"?
If we want to talk about real blood money explore donation to Democrats from @PPact
You have got to be joking
We have no use for you either but here you are.
#Classic
He’s also an avid RINO.
The hunting argument... cute
Most of America acknowledged that there is no purpose for you to be in the position you are in. You don’t care about America. Just yourself
If you think we shouldn’t have it, than we should have it. You’re part of the government the second amendment was about
1st we do not require Speaker Ryans approval.2nd a belt can replace the bump fire stock aka home made. But even the FEDS tripod/bump wrong
OR Assault Rifles
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Assault_rifle …
Really.
I wasn’t aware of hunting provision in the 2nd admt. I’ll tell you this. Mr and ms America if YOU turn in your security guns you havenothing
Last time I checked the 2nd Amendment isn’t about hunting
And why would "hunting purposes" matter?
Hog hunting lol oh and FYI a rubberband stick belt loop can bumpfire a semiauto gun n with practice from the shoulder. Any1 can make a stock
The #SecondAmendment isn't about hunting, but you know this. #Retire, you are doing more harm than good. #TermLimits
those bump stocks are a cheap way to reconfigure a semi-automatic rifle into an automatic one. THEY ALL SHOULD BE BANNED.
You took oath to defend and uphold the Constitution not make changes to the parts you don’t like .
This would matter if the 2nd amendment was about hunting. Which it’s not. It’s about defending against a tyrannical government
The Second Amendment to the United States Constitution was not penned because firearms have sporting purposes too.
The 2nd Amendment is Not about hunting #ShalNotBeInfringed #PewPewLife #NRA #GOA #protect2a #QuitStealingMyOxygen
Don't worry about it. It's just another shoulder thingie that goes up or something.
Hunting is irrelevant. Your scorn for the constitution is disgusting. You hate the other amendments too, not just the 2nd.
lol, the 80's called and they want their debunked talking points back.
IT'S NOT ABOUT HUNTING
I'm unaware why that matters.
George Washington wants you to shut up
Too bad the 2nd amendment has nothing to do with hunting
I can think of a few not hunting uses for the 2nd amendment thought.
The founding fathers, also avid hunters, didn’t put the word hunt anywhere in the second amendment.
I don't see a purpose for senators and governors to put lobbyist cash over the needs of the american people, but there you all are.
And? The second amendment has nothing to do with hunting. How have you been a senator this long without understanding the constitution?
Another illegitimate and irrelevant argument. No wonder people just laugh at the California delegation.
And neither does my Baby Browning. So?
The 2nd Amendment isn't about hunting.

First, that's not true, and second, that is not the test of legitimacy. You're getting to old for the job.

Blow it out your ass. The 2nd Amendments purpose is not for hunting.
That's not the only thing you do with a gun.
Senator, hon... The 2nd amendment has nothing to do with hunting.
The 2A has nothing to do with hunting or sport shooting.  So your point is absolutely worthless.
If only the second amendment was about hunting then your comment would count
Who cares? The 2nd Amendment isn't for hunting.
Remember that statement u made?
You would know since it’s legal to hunt humans on your properties.
I'm curious...where, exactly, does "hunting" appear in the Second Amendment?
Well they did become legal in 2010.  Sooo...you were in office. .  Should never have gotten this far.
What kinda firearms does your security have ? I'll bet my bottom dollar its a class 3 firearm. That doesn't need a bumpstock to go FULLAUTO!
The #2A was made to protect citizens from a tyrannical government. Like the founding fathers just overthrew when they wrote it.
Aware of any hunting provision in the Second Amendment?

Idiot.
Thank you for making it overly difficult to get medical of which I can't afford I have diabetes no job a can't even get Medi-Cal because of a stupid clause of the single payer act that was passed so I cannot afford Doctor visits to get prescriptions for metformin and other meds
This is true. But #2a isn't about hunting.
Paul Ryan doesn't know much about guns, the 2nd amendment has nothing to do with hunting. Old hack.
Why don't you remember that oath you took to protect the Constitution. Those pesky Bill Of Rights is not just an inconvenience to make you're ignoring it difficult. Defend the Constitution for the people that are born here not people that deserve to be deported.
She lives in California. Rights are for the wealthy and politicians, not the pesky peasantry.
2A not about hunting. HAS NEVER BEEN about hunting. You traitorous idiot!
The Second Amendment is not for hunting it is if you get to power happy
This video is horrifying!!! We are being lied too
The second amendment is so the people can fight invading and tyrannical governments on US soil.
@MrColionNoir how do you routinely, daily, argue with people/points like this?? 

Second amendment is not about hunting, dear.
Americans OWN some semi or automatic weapons and they would pass the laws in one day or during their lunch break.
If the Senate and House and the Congressional  ASSEMBLY really want gun control laws passed  just allow a few hundred thousand African
See the amazing TRUTH. against the false narrative https://youtu.be/1Bw4vvf59Js 
You even said that no law could have prevented this event, yet you continue to pursue it. Stop creating emotional law.
Paul Ryan would forget his FAMILY for a PRICE!! Another sad sell out politician! Disappointed! 
Really have to be a poor shot hunter if you need bump stocks  @SpeakerRyan or assault rifle.  That's not sport hunting.
#MondayMotivation
The arguments for Bump Stocks are not hunting, they "need" them for defence/protection. Very different argument needs very different tact.
Doesn't California have anybody with brain's that they can send to Washington
And yet Obama admin and Eric Holder approved them.  This is DEMS fault
.@SenFeinstein your on message. But 2nd Amendment was NOT about hunting!
Hunters need to start arm-wrestling their prey. It's the (wo)manly way to hunt.
Or personal protection.
So...he also said he would repeal Obamacare. I haven't seen that happen so what does Paul Ryan really know!!
Just heard you say we are a "gun happy country" and you sounded like you didn't like it...here is a simple solution...move to North Korea.
It is illegal to own automatic fire weapons..
AGAIN ENFORCE THE LAWS WE ALREADY HAVE!
Well the 2nd amendment isn't for hunting so that's an irrelevant conversation.
Duh
So Diane, it was you and the obumer administration that allowed bumb stocks on YOUR WATCH! It’s your fault they exist!
The 2nd amendment has nothing to do with hunting
The 2nd Article to the Bill of Rights has nothing to do with hunting either. Get a grip.
A rubber band can achieve the same results. It isn't  the bump stock it is the gun.
It's the person behind the gun
There are not going to be any new laws or regulations on guns so keep riding the liberal train and both hands inside the vehicle at all time
He probley has never use one. Did you ever think of that. Go buy him one an check it out.
Bump stocks are not popular or convenient but you should not use this as a way to infringe on our second amendment rights. Disingenuous
i am not a game hunter nor plan to become one. but, if i ever go to the deep forest .. i am bringing an auto just in case of predators that
don't go down either with one shot or miss. like i stated before, our law does not need an update. improvements can be applicated
Is he aware of the purpose of the AR-15? Is that also for hunting?
They’re used to hunt a variety of animals, coyotes, hogs (boars), deer (.223 is the smallest legal round to hunt deer with) they’re accurate rifles great for hunting.
I'm not a terrorist like your buddies say.. I respect the 2nd and always will! Fight fire with fire.. hitler took guns and so do dems!
So what???  The 2nd amendment has nothing to do with hunting!
Because the MRA doesn't make money on them so he can't get paid to promote them.
Are you creating hate again?  The kind of hate that turns people into terrorists?  Ban politicians from talking!!
Or 40 weapons, 1,000s round of amo, assault riffles of any kind, national registry! Stop tweaking around the edges! "WELL REGULATED MILITIA!
"well regulated" #2A aimed at near-universal armament/training by law, then in 1791 & 150+ yrs prior in the Colonies then independent States.
How to Create a Gun-Free America in 5 Easy Steps  #Pro2A #NoGunControl
ZERO hunting purpose of a AR-15 either.
What about the rest of the gun? I hope we’re working on the bigger picture here.
Do tell. What would you have done with the rest of the gun?
That was big of him.
2nd Amendment is not to secure hunting rights
2A is not exclusively for hunting.
Just turn your head outside US and look at the country’s who banned weapons like this, just because US are a big country doesn’t that mean you are unique... start think with your head... it’s shameful and heartbreaking!! Stand up for those who can’t #GOP
Not enough. You guys are being played by the #NRA. PUSH HARDER.
The NRA has only donated around $3 million dollars to Congress since 1980. While Planned Parenthood has donated nearly $310 million to Congress THIS YEAR. So tell me who’s really playing Congress.
Or defense on this land!
But there IS a hunting purpose to an AK-47 or silencers?
Irrelevant. The 2A is not about hunting.
The 2A is not about hunting, unless you are referring to traitorous politicians like yourself, which is EXACTLY why it was written.
WTF are you making any references to Paul Ryan for Senator Feinstein  Time for you to retire.
Let it go. You learned about bump stocks. We get it.
All guns & accessories are in case gov't gets tyrannical and tries to remove right to bear arms. 
#2A #ShallNotBeInfringed #2Anotforhunting
Dianne Feinstein has no clue about weapons. Watch vids of her. Get your finger off the trigger. Stop flagging people!
Maybe he has never came across a pack of coyotes that kill livestock like we have. #realworld
Who cares what Paul Ryan thinks? His opinion is less important than dryer lint being removed to start a new load.
Except the congressional supporters on the NRA payroll- right @SpeakerRyan ?

The 2nd Amendment isn't about hunting. It's about the right to self defense to a tyrannical Gov't that continues to be corrupt.
Or hunting with assault rifles. There would be nothing left of the animal.
He lies.
He is only pasifying a crying child 
And how many of these have been sold? He is only 1 person. Not surprising that a hunter would not know. The 2nd is for more then hunting.

The 1st Amend allows him to speak and show his idiocy.  The 2nd Amend doesn't give a shit what he thinks.  He's gonna be hunting votes soon.
Sorry Diane, the Second Amendment has nothing to do with hunting. #Retire #Get a clue
and everything to do with well-regulated
If necessary to the security of a free state, a militia is to be formed for and by the people. How do you expect the people to form a militia without weapons?
Seriously, who gives a fuck?
Stop playing the game by their rules. They sure don't.
An “avid” hunter.  Wow he’s just a ridiculous moron.  Killing animals with a high powered weapon.  Just wow
Here's my question... If Trump is a right wing fascist Hitler, why would you want his government to control all the guns?  Hitler took guns.
The 2nd Amendment was not written to fight against tyrannical deer...
We are also still searching for a purpose for you.
Sure...we know the game. It starts with Bump Stocks and the next thing we realize is there's no more #2a  #2AShallNotBeInfringed
It took you how many decades in Congress to  hear of bump fire stocks. You put the W in worthless.
Did Obama, he approved it
There is no hunting application for an AR15 at all. It is designed to slaughter people.
In case you weren't aware every gun short of an air soft is designed to kill just an FYI. Armalite Rifle 15 can be used to hunt.  Its a tool
So what.
Well then why did the dems and Obama have them deregulated?
They were never regulated to begin with.
Hunters can still hunt if the 2nd Amendment is repealed. But it stops too many conversations before they begin. #RepealThe2nd

No, it was written on behalf of militias which no longer exist and are no longer necessary. You don't need the 2nd Amendment to hunt.
Actually it was written so the people would have the tools 2 form a militia. founders knew a government could be evil if not kept in check
So, the Nisei, the Native Americans and the Jim-Crow-era African-Americans should have formed militias to fight their oppression?
The Native Americans couldn't fight back because they started to disarm them. Research wounded knee creek massacre.
Would be rather difficult to do if the people are armed with nothing more than a hand gun and a hunting rifle. 
Ryan is right (for once), the 2nd Amend't was to protect citizens from government officials who turn tyrant.
We should acknowledge how much more we can do on top of bump stocks ban. Gun reform, mental health reform, domestic violence crack down...
Of course not
That's NOT what the 2nd Amendment is about...

How the fuck are you an elected official? What does your Oath state?!?!???
But doesn't condemn them
he doesn't seem like a hunter. at all. just sayin.
Of course not! I’m sure he got a raise from the NRA in the last week or so

The Speaker is a RINO, he doesn’t speak for my base..
It’s a hunting rifle Diane????
The NRA is the only organization in America that continually gets blamed for actions their members did not commit!
Is there a hunting purpose for semi automatic weapons with large capacity magazines?
Is there a "hunting purpose" for any assault style weapons? for the gun show loophole? Aim high on gun control every pun intended!
Less than 1% of guns used in crimes were acquired at gun shows, per the DOJ.
Dianne move beyond the bump stocks. We need to push for reinstating the assault weapons ban. Less than that and nothing will change.
Why? The first AWB was found to be so ineffective and useless that the gov decided not to reinstate it. Why do you think it will work now?
WOW! How brave of you, Paul Ryan, to kinda sorta maybe speak out that perhaps bump stocks may be a not so good thing. Shame on you.
Use the same logic that was used to ban lawn darts in 1989 to enact common sense gun laws in 2017.
@PRyan  is not aware of alot these days. 
He'l probably change his tune
And what does hunting have to do with anything you clown
Well, if Paul Ryan said that then freedom be damned!
There is no hunting purpose for any automatic weapons. They are for slaughter.
You misspelled protection.  They are for protection.  They can be misused.  Like everything else....Trucks and planes for example.
Don't forget box cutters, pressure cookers, and fertilizer
and the purpose for ANY automatic fire, YOU DUMMY??
To murder like guns were invented to do
to PROTECT.... nothing but MORE DUMMIES
Agreed but stop there
Come back in 20 years when you have fixed the shit You got us into. I don't mind a pleasant conversation, just not now.
Why would I care about what Paul Ryan thinks. This is Our Country not yours. This World is a dangerous place, and we are not giving 1 inch.
Obama thinks there’s a need for bump stocks. He approved them twice.
