O.K. Dianne!  
The why in hell didn't Obama take care of the problem during his 8 long years in the White House? 
You need to grow up.
Liberal democrat mentality.." if we give em our lunch money , they will like us & be our friend..Naive !!
PSA Ignore the bot
It wouldn't surprise me if this was all an engineered crisis staged by the two involved parties.
Too bad Trump shined on our true allies and warmed up to thug regimes who won't lift a finger to help us in a crisis. Kim Jong Un noticed!
The cheese stands alone... Trump!
Really, diplomacy now? You and Obama should have been doing that before Trump was elected.
#45 saber rattling deflecting from Russia hollow-minded mentally unfit, unstable dangerously so lacking any discipline maturity to refrain
It is long overdue for the #25thAmendmentNow !
Please galvanize all of your diplomatic and economic resources to cool the tensions with North Korea. All of our futures are at stake.
The definition of insanity is to do the same thing and expect a different result.
Trump said nothing diff than Clinton, Obama, Kerry or Ashton Carter said to N.K. BUT since Trump said it "EWWWW"
Your method of diplomacy has allowed North Korea to rise from nothing to a nuclear power while threatening the US the entire time. Go away.
'some analysts'...who?  We have a President who You don't like, but support him rather than carping and second guessing
Republicans gonna screw around and let their unhinged leader stage a nuclear attack & do nothing. Thought I'd seen it all!
Hey, is that a threat?
N KOREA BACKED down seems like Trumps "saber rattling" as you call it, worked pretty good, we need diplomacy it needs to start with congress
You, Billy sex addict Clinton, inept Georgie Bush and, Barry the coward Obama layed a nuclear bomb on our doorstep we need results NOW
How's that diplomacy been working for you? It is great for North Korea but not so hot for the USA
A disgrace to the American people! Oh, that would be you and not President Trump. He doing a fantastic job in spite of the DEMs.
Exactly
NOKO does not understand diplomacy! You helped arm him @realDonaldTrump will help dis-arm him! #criminalparty
Winning????

Then U really weren't paying attention 'cuz  John Kerry & Ashton Carter said basically the same as Trump
please stop this man, so tired of Obama this, Hillary that.. Tired of his asinine judgements on everything!
Yeah you old bay that's been working great the last 30 years hasn't it.
Mandatory term limits now!!
And ditto Iran!
Do we need more diplomacy like this? http://youtu.be/6TcbU5jAavw  #democratdiplomacy
I know it's difficult and probably scary to listen to adults discussing worldly issues and concerns but in spite of you, he will protect you
Then Congress needs to step in now and take action to stop DJT
Dianne. You're worthless. Stay out of it.
EMP should do the trick. NOKO = Stone-Age!
Your party's "diplomacy" got us where we are today. Take a seat.
Yes we need more "leading from behind "that has caused America to " advance to the rear " in world standing !
Thank you Senator Feinstein! And why won't the Admin appoint the ambassadors and under secretaries that are desperately needed now?!?!?
The pussification of the United States is over.  Let the adults handle this.
Yes enough leading from behind , that has caused the USA to advance to the rear !
Your weak soo weak you bleed weakness you make America weak! Dems should never have a say in military action dem betas need to stay silent!
But we don't have a diplomat! We have a clueless lunatic!
Clueless how so? Proof please? Once again videos of Trump from the 90s saying Clinton was making a mistake here we are but he's clueless?
Lock them all up already, or change the locks on the WH before they return from NJ
And what are you doing about it besides tweeting? BIG NOTHING! Articles of impeachment? You will all be held responsible for allowing this.
How? House must initiate impeachment and Dems don't control the docket. Talk to the BS who didn't vote down ballot gerrymandering for MoC
They should have stopped all business before break, protested, used any means at their disposal to raise the alarms and force GOP to move.
They now have nuclear weapons, what good is talking to them get. That's what's what ur friend did. Look how well that got us. Shame
Yes but we have a "leader" incapable of making sensible decisions. POTUS should be forced to resign. Can't handle the job.
Diplomacy with NOKO for the last 3 decades has been an utter failure & has led us to where we are today - the brink of a nuclear war. 
Senator, the Republicans need to yank Trump off the world stage, take away his phone and stop the twitter before he gets us all killed.
So it wasn't OK for Democrat Truman to say this, right?
We also need bravery & wisdom versus cowardice & brashness!
You said it!  Can anyone get control of this man's tongue?!
China is the enemy in re nk...nk army overthrow nk dictator if China food, clothing taken away
Need saber rattling now more than ever...why is Congress not imposing economic sanctions on china...why not tariff on all china imports???
Your fight, keep saying pretty please and NK will shut down their nuke program! Yea right!!
We had diplomacy for 20+ yrs. where has it gotten us.  Nowhere. either go full bore or hide like Obama Clinton Bush. You are all cowards
We have had diplomacy and blackmailing  the last 30 yrs. and NOW N. Korea has nuclear. WAKE UP!!!
YOU AND YOUR PARTY ARE COWARDS!!!
All due respect, if we reach a diplomatic solution, will they be honored? Or will we be fooled like the invasion of Poland(ww2)!
Maybe you should gather up 1Billion USD and fly it over to North Korea in the middle of the night?
As I said when I called your office, Congress needs to convene immediately in emergency session to rein in this mentally unstable president.
It's volatile due to appeasing of your Party the last 8yrs. We face a threat and you worry about words. #shameful #cantmakethisstuffup
Isn't diplomacy what got is where we are today? You folks are losers at diplomacy.
Maybe a different approach.
Will you go in person to North Korea and negotiate a deal for us?
Did diplomacy work with B. Clinton or Obama?  Answer is no....reason for current situation.
You want to hold Kim's hand, Diane? He's not into diplomacy, if you haven't noticed!
A diplomatic approach about some "red lines" worked very well on Assad. Yes, let's do more "red line" diplomacy.
You need to get over yourself  Feinstein. Such remarks against our president it's something that I don't like and neither does anybody else
Trump should not be allowed to make statements or tweet. He is inflaming the situation. He is so incompetent!
Don't be afraid its just a man staring down his enemy I know you don't understand this but it's what we need at this time!
Doing the SAME thing over and over like you and McCain want to do has stopped him from getting nukes and missiles how? Yup sanctions work!
Yes because diplomacy has done so much! Kim WILL stay funded along with that army. His people will starve, he does not care.
Senator please pass legislation preventing this failed president from starting a nuclear war!
Where has he failed? The million jobs? Skyrocketing markets? Consumer confidence? I'm confused???
You have been in office 25 years where did dimplomacy get us I agree with him China is behind the threat
Both of your 8 termers did nothing to resolve the NOKO situation. We r here due to Dems lack of leadership. So shut the hell up.
Absolutely!
Sure, would rather hear the silence of bombs wouldn't we? RIP George Moscone. The world would be a better place if you had lived.
Your statement does not match the president and Gen Mattis' words. You are uninformed. Stay out of matters you know nothing of.
How can we have diplomacy when they refuse to sit down and talk?
diplomacy that U have insisted on last two decades. This situation is as much your fault as anyone! Clinton, Bush, Obama tried didn't work
sorry feiney. this is a new administration. get use to it
We're not paying so forget old woman .
Shut up ,and the democratics should focus on not hiring criminals
Sure Feinstein,  give lil kim a sucker and tell him to stop playing his war games
Or a Billion USA flown at midnight...
SHUT HIS MOUTH FOR HIM ! The NATION ALREADY doesn't have ANY faith in its own govt., with a TV/ tech led desensitized youth. Dangerous!
AMERICANS DON"T TRUST U! U R ONLY CONCERN ABOUT YOUR SELFISH NEEDS & GLOBAL AGENDA. IT IS WAR WITH ALL DEMS, U ALL NEED 2 MOVE 2 RUSSIA!
THE PROBLEMS THE USA HAS 2 DEAL WITH CAUSED BY THE COMMUNIST DEMS & OBAMA. ALL YOUR ACTIONS PROVE THAT DEMS R TRAITORS & ENEMIES 2 CITIZENS!
OBAMA IS RESPONSIBLE  4 No Korea THREAT 2 ATTACK the USA with Nuclear Weapon! U R A COMMUNIST! U want No Korea 2 KILL US. THEY SAID THEY R
It's a good thing John Kelly was promoted to leader, and  is there, and Trump is just a mouthy, flaccid, child flapping his gums
Completely Agree!
Please-We are the bully here and the cost for Soothing Trump's ego is human suffering-trying to create world of his inagural speech?
you tried diplomacy and this is why we're at this point
YOU Clinton and Obama allowed this to happen.  Now shuttup and allow a real diplomat to handle things
Diane, do u understand negotiations? It is necessary to have @POTUS saber-rattling as Tillerson is negotiating. It strengthens our position.
Exactly! Threats are definitely the wrong approach to take.
Get on a plane and go meet with him then. Go!
And how would you handle it?
Senator Feinstein. How did NoKo become nuclear under your watch and brilliant form of diplomacy? Strategic patience? How did that work out?

The issue is NK got tuff because of the clown in the warehouse before Trump
Hey moron, we have tried diplomacy for decades. How's that been working out??? But as long as SF is first on this list...
bot
Dear Senator Feinstein. I strongly suggest you get off your a$$ and do something other than whine. NoKo became nuclear under YOUR watch!
How's that Obama Doctrine of "Strategic Impoten......errr Patience working??
#ImpeachTrump please so we can all "sleep well at night"
Nothing BUT saber rattling from Kim Jong Fat Boy (h/t Mark Levin)! Gaslighting his people & propagandizing the world is all he understands.
This is Leadership.  Diplomacy has not worked.  Trump does not 'saber rattle'.  He will follow thru as he has w ISIS.  Patriots see this.
Push NK: Seoul & Tokyo will be destroyed by NK before DT's "limited nuke attack" hits NK. "Bad"
China then becomes world leader in Asia & more; universal condemnation against US start of nuclear winter. THINK
ChildMan thinks if he starts a war he can get by the Russian probe. The exact opposite has to be true. Congress cannot support him. Ever.
Shut up
We have been trying diplomacy for over 60 years. What has that gotten us? A North Korea with nuclear weapons.
You've used diplomacy for the last three presidential terms. I call it appeasement. Now you want more
Nothing can be learned from the Bush43 administration. Don't waste your time tweeting me
As President, I pledge to put an end to the empty North Korean threats. My co-pilot Jesus will strike them down. But only if I am President
The nation has a collective case of PTSD. No one wants war.  Please get this sick man out of office.
So, you prefer to let Kim nuke San Francisco as promised? Sure, let's just sit back and wait.
You suck too madam senator! No longer can you liberals fool the American working class! Good vision continues with Trump2020 and forever!
Maybe send over Jimmy Carter again lol? Seems to have worked out well. Dems are foreign policy fools. Let the adults handle it now.
How many years have y'all being trying diplomacy with zero results !!!
With @POTUS Tiny Hands involved, "saber rattling" is just a polite euphemism now isn't it?
You're calling for appeasement, not diplomacy.
That's how we got in this mess.
No. Saber rattling good. You bad. You be quiet.
And diplomacy has gotten us what so far?
Then rally the vote to restrict his ability to launch without house and senate approval. Barbara Lee tried and Ryan stopped it
You and your "diplomacy" colleagues are what got us to this point. An added bonus-all that $$ we sent to Iran can buy nukes from NK.
Should he draw a red line? Or, maybe wait until an ICBM turns San Francisco into glass? You don't stop a bully by cowering.
Need Hillary to go back in time and tell Bill not to supply Noth Koreans with money and nuclear material. Also, tell Obama same with Iran.
Thank you Senator Feinstein!  Refreshing to know there are some level heads in our government!
we need the bombing of the whitehouse, congress, pentagon and wall street! #goKJU
Don't worry. Democrats always return to their roots. They don't need KJU to bomb those places. Dems will eventually.
You are SO WRONG
#senfeinstein 's diplomacy and the diplomacy Clinton, Bush and Obama used did nothing to deter N Korea from doing as they pleased.....
Didnt Obama tell them badically the same thing? I bet you agreed then. Hypocrite.
I nominate @realdonaldtrump as the person least capable of handling this situation.  Somebody put a muzzle on him.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2pOz1miWkQA …
What we really need is ALL SENATORS to fully support @POTUS. After all, he is the COMMANDER IN CHIEF. Knock off your Democrat rhetoric BS
For 25 yrs U & your Committee have cajoled North Korea,to our detriment. Now,it's time to show or shut up! R U Globalist to destroy America?
Agreed.
Right!!!! BECAUSE ITS WORKED SO FAR #DINGBAT
And what is your plan instead of saying someone is doing a bad job. If you have no plan you are doing a worse job. Maybe you should resign
What would you do if I was building weapons and told you when I'm done I'm going to use them on you and your family. I bet you won't respond
Technically, they do have Obamacare. But, Obama gave them a 73% subsidy because the gold plan cost too much.
At least Feinstein' feed isn't completly overrun by trumpanzee bots like Pelosi she,sheesh
#DonaldTrump ’s combination of ineptitude, disinterest, & instability are empowering a threat to the entire world.  #Congress must stop him.
@SenFeinstein OUT DATED woman with OUT DATED policies. Please go away.
I hope you can make a difference before #Trump and #Tillerson start a nuclear war. Dealing with an insane dictator requires great diplomacy.
@ealDonaldJTrump "He who knows best knows how little he knows."
- Thomas Jefferson
Thomas Jefferson was way wiser than current POTUS.
What do you want to do in that high-level dialogue? North Korea has already demonstrated willingness to lie and cheat. #naive
http://www.msnbc.com/all-in/watch/wilkerson-trump-acting-like-he-s-negotiating-a-casino-deal-1020354627800 …
Diplomacy does not work with NK. Or have you been sleeping under a rock.

25th Amendment please. Can the Senate grow some balls please?
##Get rid of this impulsive Idiot in the WH before he blows up the world!!
Sure. Guess we should've ignored National Socialist Hitler, too. What harm could he do?

Give Kim some more nuclear material like B Clinton.
Because that worked so well with Iran.  You sound like Chamberlain, "peace for our time". Did not work with Hitler, will not work now
Tillerson disagrees with you.
Go Away #MAGA 
Please do all you can to abate this reckless bluster from the WH.
Isn't there some way to force VB him to have a psych evaluation?
There will be no more payouts to psychopaths! It's time to take a hard line with NK.
bot
I bet if NK bombed the US you guys would be in the streets bitching that the president did nothing to stop it. He is doing what he has too!
Hey senator I hear you are investigating lynch & bills tarmac meeting. You do know one of your lawyers worked 4 lunch?
You're sitting on your face again talking not remembering that we've had 60 years of diplomacy what has it gotten the contributing Americans
Thank you. Now what are the Dems going to do about it?
No worries- Rex walked it back

Dear Fake News Media,

Instead of spewing your FAKE narrative about Russia & Trump today can you report on how North Korea got…
Right, let's go back to Clinton & Obama presidencies whose appeasement & dumb agreements got us in this mess. Dems never own up to mistakes
The kind of diplomacy that Trump demonstrated with James Comey, Jeff Sessions, Rance Priebus, etc. etc. etc. God help us.
He is trying to change his poll numbers
Don't worry, you can vote against a declaration of war in the Senate when the time comes. You might have forgot Congress has that power.
Please do something! American people are alarmed and afraid. Checks and balances not working fast enough!
With @DougMarcaida working, when do you let us in on how MacArthur had this, when he declared So.Korea out of our protectorate, to incite?
We need to send in Dallas Baptist Rev supporter of the Revelations 21:8 crew with active members in the White House
Tried diplomacy since 1994...result?  NK delevopes Nukes....way to go Libs!!
It is unconscionable that @POTUS shot his ignorant mouth off about nuclear war. #Trump voters & #GOP #Congress are responsible for this.
Yet, Bill Clinton gave them money and nuclear material. Don't remember his wife doing anything while SOS except make millions from Russia.
Since you let @DougMarcaida on TV, we're forging the POTUS something he can use, sabers, yeah, but then, there's that great, BIG AXE!
Why don't you volunteer to go over to NK and start negotiations if you are afraid of saber rattling
If Hillary were in the Oval, we would have a functioning & intact State Dept w/ negotiation power & knowledge
@MattAsherS @nytimes He's putting us at risk in violation of his oath.  Get him out of our house.
FROM THE MOUTH OF A LIB.

Why do Trump and his supporters, (a minority of Americans), get to hold all the rest of us and this country hostage?
Yet, the @GOP is quiet on the man/child bullying.  Anything from you @marcorubio ?
Yes need diplomacy!!!
WH assures @SenFeinstein that #Trump's saber is yuge and @realDonaldTrump has no problems. The rest of us are going to be nuked.
Sen Feinstein is wrong.  Her statements of softness will be seen by N.Korea as weakness and he will try to take advantage.  Stop obstruction
We need 45's removal due to  #NoConfidenceVote  & #mentalillness.
@SenKamalaHarris Please support @tedlieu  @SenMarkey  bill 2 limit 45 power 2 first strike w/o Congress #firststrike #WednesdayWisdom
2006 they Tested their 1st Nuke 
They threaten to NUKE the US several times under Obama You did nothing 
You waiting for them to take out LA
What she said.
You guys need to cut the vaca short and get back and figure out how to control this crazy man before he starts a war.
Then Congress needs to repeal and replace this administration and put the true winner of the election in the WH. #ImpeachTrump
You don't really understand how things work, do you? Not the brightest bulb. Explains why you trust Democrats.
Retire mfer
