No, there aren't any cuts  - Pelosi lies
THEN DO SOMETHING!
Republicans are in total control. Because Democrats couldn't be bothered with "off-year" elections. 2010, anyone? YOU do something. VOTE.
Slowing growth in a program is NOT a cut.
And eliminates the employer mandate! Why? Presumably to provide more profit to employers. Why else would they do it?!
It's about time that the states pay for health care. California can get a good plan we have smart people to do it
Ohhhhh PLEASE just STOP Talking. 
Work with GOP for all Americans. Stop your obstructionist rhetoric. It's killing US!!
Thank you Senator Feinstein. @Michael36776349
#HoldTheFloor Senator, If..... GOP dares pass any resemblance of this atrocity of legislature, they will get torn to shreds by their own.
More American women today are dying in childbirth than anywhere else in the developed world
-The Dems made the Obamacare health bill an entitlement welfare program,stealing hard earned tax dollars from the middleclass to pay for it
I live in CA & am against cruel Senate bill. Cuz of ACA I have insurance again. Had 2 surgeries in 1 yr. Does tweet count as contacting you?
So slower future growth/spending is "cut"? Is letting Medicaid & ACA implode better than repubs trying to fix them?
ACA is not "imploding".  Neither is Medicaid.  They are being sabotaged by GOP politicians.

And #AHCA/#BCRA would not fix _anything_.
#AHCA/#BCRA would kill 18,000 Americans in 2018; rising to 28,000 people killed per year in later years.

Don't engage in denialism.
Yeah. It's trumps fault. ACA & medicaid were just fine till he got in office. Lol.
The @GOP bill increases Medicaid spending by $71 billion over the next 10 years...how is that a cut? #CBOscore #HealthcareBill
It would help if you would highlight just how these cuts effect everyone. Immediately, in next 2 years, next 10, etc. Worse than ACA, etc?
@RepAdamSchiff @maddow @SenSchumer @SenFeinstein  when will Koch Brothers and US Oligarchs be held accountable for fosters& enabling treason
PASS GUN CONTROL AND THEN TAKE ABOUT THIS....House members want taxpayer  money to hire..  https://www.stripes.com/news/us/house-members-want-taxpayer-money-to-hire-personal-security-1.475486#.WVHq4WQzL3W.twitter …  #GUNSENSE
Bs! I expected you to b honest Dianne. I'm disappointed.
Senator we have a Russian agent running our country we have inform the American people what we are dealing with in this Administration
Well it's good that you take this stand. Just what are you doing to replace a bad Obama care plan. Nothing just sit back and throw stones
Single payor....love to see the CBO score on that. If AMA, AHA, Amer Acad of Peds and AARP all hate Repub bill, what is left to discuss?
SENATOR I'M SURE GOD WILL SEND THE HOLY SPIRIT TO ENSPIRE THEM!
SENATOR THERE IS ONLY ONE WAY TO REACH A SOLUTION ;40   IT IS IN THE BIBLE  MANY TIMES I SUGGEST 20 DEMS &,20 GOP GET TOGETHER AND DRAFT BIL
Do you believe in CBO scoring? If so read the report. If not just stick with that snake oil that tastes like champagne.
You should support Medicare for all
How can @GOP women Senators vote against their own healthcare and that of their daughters? Short-sighted and lame.
I understand you have to work with these people. They are the worst and a true threat to our democracy. Thank you for fighting for truth!
remember that ACA thing? let's go back to that
Maybe if Obama comes out for the Senate bill Trump will come out in opposition. It's worked so far. 
Remember when DiFi was all about the travel ban? @Scotus ruled today in favor of the ban. She's on wrong side of whats Constitutional again
And you're never gonna support any bill that would get even 1 more person health care than the ACA. How sad is that? #SB562
No cuts in Medicaid. Just slower growth of it starting 2024.
There R 26 million Seniors, poor children & working class Americans who will B w/o health ins by 2026. And the GOP has no problem with it.
what are your thoughts on the Delta Tunnels?
maybe we should pass #SB562, just in case?
FIGHT THEM!! AND TAKE THE GLOVES OFF!!!
They don't care.
I live in California. This bill is another installment of a nightmare. A clear intent to rescind and remove benefits for women and the poor.
Thank you, Senator, for trying to protect us here in CA!
Thank you for everything you're doing to stop this bill from passing.
How does spending more money on Medicaid equate to a cut in spending on Medicaid?
We knew this would happen as the Kochs wanted deeper cuts than House bill offered. Please fight this Senator! We in CA have got your back!
Hardely. "Cuts" 2 those who Medicaid was never intended for.. healthy adults that CHOOSE not 2 work- why should I pay 4 them?
Your victims and mascots may find it difficult to start taking care of themselves after all your years of handouts
Kate wouldn't know, she was murdered in your sanctuary city by illegals u let run the streets
Delay and obstruct until full hearings are held! #ResistTrumpcare
Do not let the @SenateGOP past go with this horrendous #TrumpNoCare bill, @SenFeinstein 

#TaxCuts4theRich
#KillTheBill
If this bill passes, we won't just have health issues, the economy will tank. As millions of heath related jobs will be LOST.
And if it passes in the Senate, isn't it highly likely the HOUSE will run it through w/no changes and it could BECOME LAW BEFORE July 4th?!
Offer an amendment. Cut federal taxes for states providing single payer in half. Canada: 36.6 million. California: 39 million. We cd do it.
That was a facetious comment. I realize this is extremely complex and Calif could not "opt out" of the tax regime. Please continue to oppose
After a quick read, as an "older" person who is self employed, I (and many friends) will be priced out of market
DO NOT ALLOW IT TO PASS!  Twist as many arms as you can!
So let's see your bill or any good or positive ideas. Have any or are you gonna only obstruct?
GOP: " Throw all the losers Grammas out of Nursing Homes. Let's turn 'em into Lawn Ornaments! Quick, OffShore those tax cut savings! LOL"

...and for all middle class folks with a relative in the nursing home: Start preparing a bedroom. Under Trumpcare, she's getting booted out.
Trump & his buddies want to kill 10s of thousands of poor, middle class and elderly every year. Call them murderers on the Senate floor.
Since Obama threw millions on Medicaid, this is his fault.
With the VAST majority of them being the elderly, disabled & children.  No, I'm not correcting you. In the words of Jesus, feck them people!
This is kinda embarrassing, but I just looked it up, & Jesus actually didn't say, well... Anyway, I think we're supposed 2 HELP them. My bad
What you really mean is that the people need to be more dependent on the government.
Right!  Elderly, disabled people, children with leukemia, get a JOB!  Just because you were born with Down's Syndrome, no fecking free ride!
Dude, I'm on YOUR side!  Why are you mad?
Not mad. I guess I'm not understanding your tweets.
This all sounds so familiar...
PLEASE DEMAND PUBLIC HEARINGS AND DEBATE
It is up to us to make CA's cogs balance. Can we review ours before we vote? Make revisions? Treasurer and Governor need to help.
Call in the Calvary
