#goodnews Thanks for all the efforts to make this happen.
It was no effort on her part it was a trade off to get the wall started,  don't any of you liberal Dems pay attention
No tax dollars for a pointless wall!
Unless we can toss the trash living in the White House over it FOREVER!
The only trash is people like you who only vote for candidates with a D in front of there name.
And then there are folks like you who can't even SPELL! Now I understand why Trump speaks like he's reading Dick/Jane so you can follow
Other than being a union teacher what have you accomplished except indoctrinating children but I choose to use the voice activated device.

Very interested to see party split on this vote. Hope @GOP colleagues are coming to their senses on #climate. How many storms will it take?
WOW so when we had NO Man made climate change and we had Massive storms what caused  them?
This is either dishonest or incredibly misguided.
Wish I could give a science lesson in a tweet @mkgeiger1968 but I can't. Sharing this & hoping you have an open mind https://www.ipcc.ch/report/ar5/ 
@ed Piss off. I wish you HAD an Open MIND but you Obviously Do NOT considering your pushing CLIMATE JUSTICE shows NO open mind
Ah, conspiracy theorist. I thought your alien pic was funny, but knowing you probably believe in them makes it delicious.
So Bryan, you don't believe in any Life beyond Earth? So I assume then your a Flat Earther and believe in God While I believe in life beyond
You couldn't be more laughably wrong. Your standard of evidence is low enough to say CLIMATE JUSTICE, so I wonder what else you buy into 
Thx for continuing to fight for more funding for climate science. If this spate of hurricanes doesn't prove the need I don't know what does.
Hurricanes have occurred long before we arrived... ignorance
Climate change = more frequent & more severe weather patterns. Exactly as we're experiencing, Jessica is not the ignorant one here.
Because the truth clearly isn't good enough.
https://weather.com/storms/hurricane/news/10-worst-hurricanes-american-history-20140818#/1 …
Pretty easy search... climate goes through cycles so look in the mirror before you type
And climate change = warmer oceans = bigger and longer hurricanes. Most 13 yr olds know this.
13 year old also know the currents of the ocean change every couple of years .. with that change it can swing hot or cold.
Currents are changing e.g. Unprecedented changes in gulf driven & exacerbated by climate change. 10's thousands peer reviewed research sci.
Keep spending taxpayer money on bullshit. Don't you democrats realize people work hard to make money that you flitter away on waisted.
Good luck having a full bank account with no planet on which to enjoy it.
The amount is tiny compared to the budget, or even to Trump family SS bill.
A dollar here. A dollar there, pretty soon it starts to add up to real money.

Ms. Feinstein, maybe you could quiet the opposition by letting us know how much tax $ the avg American will have to pay. Great job, btw!
Is that common sense I see?
Thank you!

Vital Funding my ass
You know whats vital funding and the Law? The Border Wall!
So glad! This funding is so important to our global future
A great big expensive MISTAKE!!
Don't know or care about what made the Senate Committee change it's minds. Am just celebrating a great step forward.
One good thing in a sea of bad ... I'll take it.
Hurricanes speak volumes. #climatechange
So how much money does it cost to stop these hurricanes again?
Right but..Trump just nominated Bridenstine as head of NASA.  NO.  Fight.
Good. The far-right's anti-science agenda is stupid & dangerous. DT is exhibit A. Not only climate, his silly ideas on diet & exercise too.
I'll make sure and tweet President Trump to know that he knows America are against this  UN has put Israel in peril & U DO NOTHING 
That's great, but as a non-sequitur, please don't be easy on Trump. He needs to go away from Office. He won't change or ever be a good prez.
It's only good if they know the REAL reason.  ALL the planets are heating up. It's from PLANET X.
More of our tax dollars thrown away by the swamp
It is a waste of money and goes to fuel a bunch of "haves".
More money pissed away
Blah blah blah!
In the midst of insanity and greed comes a ray of good news
Great
Dianne Feinstein is anti Catholic
Thank you, Senator!  Please keep on fighting!
@jeremyjones    One victory at a time
So sad you call giving the useless UN American hard earned $ a victory! What do you expect the UN to do with the $?
Thank you for all your effort on this!
You're doing great job! Dems are the only ones who want to Congress work for the people.
Excellent news!
We need to start naming hurricanes after  climate deniers.
Tell the world dear, what deniers have to do with hurricanes? Go ahead the world & I are waiting for your astute intelligent evaluation.
Jim Inhofe, Ted Cruz will complain, because climate change is a hoax. Clearly, recent hurricanes never happened.
Good job
Can trump negate that. He & almost all his appointees do not believe in climate control.
That's all amazing-BUT-how is it we pay so much of our income in taxes believing we will be protected & Florida stations are out of gas?
You are not listening to: Nor are you speaking for: THE PEOPLE! Enough with the phony climate change stuff.
money better spent on something important is now being wasted.
You are part of the problem.
From Nigeria to @SenFeinstein @SenFeinsten thank you for restoring hope and confident.  We have resolved to press on #ClimateAction
Give the money to Harvey victims and possible victims get out of the UN and stop funding their radical left-wing views similar to yours
What a victory..
Brilliant!

A big loss!
At last! Some people in the government who give a damn about the next generation and the rest of the world.
The universe is a living, breathing, expanding phenomenon. Taxing Americans for it is shameful.
.@AlexandradelaPo @SenFeinstein earth was a living & breathing planet but @SFGrAdventure is trying to suffocate us
Thanks y'all..
Mahalo from Hawaii!
Thank you Senator Feinstein!!
Yayyyyyyyyy ..... it's funny how things work out.
A miracle!
God is Good keep up the good work you're doing
And all it took was an unbelievable amount of human suffering driven by Harvey, Irma and an earthquake. Oh. And Trump. Not in that order.
Wasting more tax payer money. Why don't you finance it all ?
Most Americans believe that climate change is occurring and it's man-made. It's a political fact, as evidence abounds, season by season.
How did that happen? Are we in a new alternate universe?
Oh did the giant, destructive hurricanes one after the other slamming into us give them a clue? 
Kinda hard to ignore when it's barreling straight up your patootie
Yes!!!!!
So easy to impeach=Trump!  Why not now?
well thats a shit bag move
Good timing.  Sheesh
GOP hard line driven by 2 factors.1st: #Kochs. The Daily did an excellent piece on #climatechange politics in June: https://www.nytimes.com/2017/06/06/podcasts/the-daily/the-daily-jerry-browns-carbon-pledge.html …
2nd: the Religious Right's extreme science denialism. Clovis (USDA), Bridenstine (NASA) the latest. This goes deep:
There's a reason this admin is so anti-science. Media reluctant to cover /1 
Thank you!!!

A big scam to redistribute wealth. NOT ONE climate model/prediction has been accurate. No warming for the last decade. Tampered data. #Fraud
YAY. Science wins a battle.
Thank you
Score one for some good news.
Trump conitues to deny climate change.  He has his own parallel universe. Will he pivot post historic hurricanes wildfires overwhelming data

Thank you for your hard work, Sen. Feinstein.
Way to go!
Wonderful news.
Tell me again exactly HOW giving money to other countries will STOP hurricanes & fire?  Unless these are ENGINEERED events....
It only took the fucking apocalypse to get their asses in gear
Appropriated in slush funds!
Just another way to pocket American tax payers money, the already rich Feinstein. This is why Medicare and Social security are on the outs.
A big victory for who?
Thank you@for@having our backs ( and lungs)!!
Doesn't it now have to make it into the budget?
Yes!
Open your eyes #Trump There is certain things you can't win. You can never go against the good cause. humanity is beyond your ideologic
Thank you!
EPIC. A big victory for world wide. Thank you
Results of the Resistance at work.
Excellent!#ActOnClimate

BOOOOOOO
Good. Hopeful
So a bill out of committee is 'breaking' news? 

We've been funding this shit show since 1992 &I'd say Harvey & Irma prove it isn't working
THANK YA!!!!!!!!
Wheres the Loretta Lynch investigation?
So glad to hear it Senator! Keep up the good fight!
Nothing like an execution to focus the mind
great news
Great job Senator! Hurricanes, earthquakes, fires, floods...Gets hard to ignore after awhile.

Why is the senate wasting tax payer money on this "Chinese hoax"?
Wake up everybody no more sleeping in bed...time to listen to what has been said! Thankful!
Can't THINK why...
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @SpeakerRyan @rushlimbaugh #ClimateChangeDeniers @GOP #MAGABots
the rest-of-the-world welcomes you back to reality. Thank you.
Thank you
Thank you for all your hard work, perhaps the most important issue of our times is climate change
Way to go, Di! We can always count on you! Thank you for all you've done, all you're doing, and all you've yet to do!
That's wonderful! Thank you!

Finally, a step back in the direction of sanity.
#RepublicanPoliticalToss: When will Trump be impeached? How far & high of a cliff will Republicans let Trump walk them up to throw them off?
Thank you, I'm in FLA, Irma is coming. We know climate change is real
@AndrewSPotts Great!
Wow. This is huge!
Too late, but thanks
@C_Riggz you realize this was not about sports?
What good news!
Climate Change, Open Borders, Globalist Elitist behavior and the NWO has been voted out by the American Voter.
“When you read your speeches, the conclusion one draws is that the liberal anti-religion dogma lives loudly within you,”
Incredible timing considering the Western wild fires, hurricanes, droughts, melting ice capes, global warming ... Stupid is as stupid does!
This is welcome news, @SenFeinstein

Yeah never mind the starving veterans or homeless veterans. we shouldn't be concerned with them, huh?!

Thank you!
Can't all the other countries that care or have something to gain from carbon taxes fund the UN climate panel?
Thank you for sharing.  How many major climate events will it take for people to recognize the obvious.  Oh - and the world is not flat.
Waste of taxpayer money Boo

Thank you!
Good news. Thanks.
GREAT!!
Yes!!!
Thank you.  The people of Earth need to come together, give our world a hug, end fracking, drilling, reduce emissions, reduce methane...
wonderful - thank you!!
Great job!
Yippey! We will now spend billions for THAT but not on fixing America?
Btw, WHEN will u, McCain, and every other leech retire?
Always nice to see #congress do their job
Really? What a waste of tax payers hard earned $. You buffoons in the swamp just love making stupid mistakes with our money!
Keep our tax money in The USA  This puppy needs a veto.
Waste of taxpayers money!!
Such a waste of taxpayer funds
Someone on that Committee must live in south Texas or in the Florida Keys or have a retreat in the Turks....that doesn't exist anymore....
Again putting the desires of insulated and imperious bureaucrats over the needs of average Americans. Beyond disgusting!!!!
A waste of taxpayer dollars as usual. Democrats will ruin this country
Lets hope it's not to late
cool we interest  about  this
You don't get to 500 million friends w/o some of them being Russian...
MUST WATCH - This needs to go VIRAL
Propaganda War: FB, Twitter, Russia, the GOP & Trump. Watch & Read the Thread.
I watched this and WOW. Crazy and believable, I see it happening
We must reject, repel #DonaldTrump He's ravaging our country, our values, our principles, our Constitution
Thank You!
Pssst. Diane, FEMA is running out of money and your ok with sending money out if the country?  Proof that Veep is a documentary?
It's almost laughable that some people will only move when a glaring problem finally bites them in the face.
Amend that "would have sent $750m" to the Green Climate Fund, "which assists poor countries with adapting to climate change, was rejected"
What changed their minds, Harvey, Irma and all the fires in the West? About time!
It's all good and well to deny climate change until the earth starts fighting back, it's kicking some tail now 

Thank you
Religious test - big loss
Maybe the hurricanes and fires will finally shake folks out of their convenient stupor regarding climate change.
This is great news baby steps one victory at a time.
A big waste. Climate has been changing for the 4.5 billion years of Earth's existence. You didn't notice. Man has NO control.
@el_cjr 
excitement over farting money away

Thank you, as always, Senator Feinstein, for your good work!
Oh goody! This was after legislation on DACA, and immigration, and tax reform right? No? #priorities #helpthecountry #helpamericans
Thank you!
let's hope that your finance secretariat blocjs this waste of US taxpayer's money to this corrupt organisation
That's great Sen. However, how is the UN going to change countries that have their economies connected to harmful gases and chemicals?
And all it took was two once-in-500-years storms in two weeks. Good work, @SenateGOP and @SenateDems.  You've got your thumbs on the pulse.
Yea, let's waste more money.
Yes. A big victory for the bank accounts of those frauds on the panel.
Someone should ask those governor's why there telling people to flee from the hurricane, " they dont believe n climate change" #deniers
.@SenFeinstein Shouldn't that $10 million go towards hurricane recovery when there has been ZERO #globalwarming for 20 years, nor proof.
How about getting that big joke who just gave 800,000 dreamers nightmares? #impeachnow
And anti-Catholic haters like yourself should resign.  Senator, the "dogma of your bigotry lives loudly within you"! TERM LIMITS!
Nuts.
Thanks for sharing this!
