No ones going to do that,settle down,what will happen is child will be placed in high risk pool so the rest will not pay higher premiums
Which is not adequately funded
This is like car insurance - except #GOP is pocketing all the  off the top!!
YES!!  And then, they hit you with the car!
There were 24 million not covered under ACA. You forgot to mention that to your sheep.
Her sheep realize the ACA is not perfect.  Without GOP obstruction, the ACA could have been so much better.
ACA is flawed! It benefits illegal aliens, not American citizens! Vote to repeal and replace with something better for our citizens
If this bill is so great, why is congress exempt?
BINGO!
Congress was exempt from ACA, too!
Well, at least politicians making clueless moves regarding healthcare continues in this country.
They want to fund their tax cut for billionaires on the backs of Americans who need healthcare.  GOP does not work for its constituents
That's correct!
Nowhere in the Constitution does it say, taxpayers shall pay for other people's healthcare.
If the senate moves this forward, the first change MUST be that every member of congress participate in this plan. #makethebedlieinit
I have lupus.  $26,000.  More than I have coming in.  Pass me my gun please.
So sorry. We will keep fighting to make this right!
I won't have until 2020.  I have lupus.  My meds are expensive.  I'm dead.
I hear you.  Two friends battling the disease now.  So sorry
ACA will bankrupt America, get rid of it. Let people who want Heath Insurance, WORK to pay or it !!!
They don't care. They are eliminating something the black man instigated. That's what is important to them.
BALONEY
hey support single payer
Outrageous!
The rich keep getting richer. Hmmm
Now it is time for the Senate to do the right thing!
Try a rally in Hollywood with your elites leave with your victims and your elites for Venezuela
The ACA was sold with lies and 30 million people were not covered at all according to the CBO. The ACA is a failure that you voted for.
You have to vote yes to see what's in it remember? At least that's what @NancyPelosi told us before
Keep up the fight we need you
first, how bout a pic from the 2000s..there are plenty more in line to lose coverage under BHO plan..u don't care about people..just winning
How dare you attack Ms Feinstein, you RU troll! She's spent her entire life serving CA, to make US better for all!
the state is highly taxed, highly regulated, populated by non contributing immigrants, native Californians are leaving, really
#Republicare is illegal, immoral, and does not have the support of the American people.
None of us supports it!
ACA -u mean the one that guarantees I can keep my doctor and health plan? And premiums went up avg of $5,400 per yr last yr? That one?lLOL
Time for Medicare for All! Enough delays Sen. Feinstein! Vote for Medicare for All, or leave! We have had enough of your shit!
Please stop! You didn't care what was In the original 2008 bill, now this fake furry is ridiculous!
I'll tell you how much it will cost..478 SEATS 2018!!!
We will take ALL THEIR SEATS, flip to blue, jail Trump & his cronies!
Maybe Dems should have worked across the aisle on Obamacare. Really think this wouldn't happen?
The DEMS tried. #GOPRefused #GOPDeliberateSabotage
Lol  no they didn't. If they did more than zero GOP would have voted for it.
It will cost their seats
I cannot afford my Obama Care and I am a healthy 60 yo, self employed RN. What about us. Premiums are over 14K/yr. More than my mortgage.
Just like you had no idea 7 years ago. Save it, sister.
#GOPDangerouslyStupid and their base buys their GARBAGE IRRESPONSIBLE Legislation
@SenFeinstein And House just did just to be able to say they did it. Now we need you and the reasoned Senate to fix this for all Americans.
Respectfully Sen. Feinstein: that was a GOP #dickmove
As a disabled American I would like to end the ACA and let the doctors  compete against each other to lower the costs, versus a middle man
you have no idea what you're talking about... just like with Obamacare. Clueless then, clueless now.  #factsmatter #numbersmatter
What is this insanity? Impeach Trump.
It's now up to you, Senator Harris and your colleagues to protect our family, friends, & neighbors
Stop it in the senate, work graham, mccain, Collins and Murkowski

The repeal & replacement of the ACA as it stands is an act of Terrorism. Period. #Ronan2018 #OurVoice #HealthCare http://ow.ly/kAF530br518 
Single payer, ms Feinstein!
Get back to work.  You LOST!
As much as I hate all the mess, we deserve it. We elected a moron as #POTUSTrump
Stop lying ! Fake news, Dianne. For once try to tell the truth !
you spread discord and fear!
That is an outrage for millions of Californians also for the 24 millions of Americans as a whole.Sen. Dianne Feinstein of CALIFORNIA
That is a lie Frankenstein- and you know it.
Then fight for us Senator Feinstein!
what does that matter to the GOP who are salivating over a trillion dollar tax cut for the rich?
Those salivating are independently rich. Those who are guilty of collaborating or R treasonous will soon have other fish to fry.
Deplorable!
GOP released the bill last night around 8 pm for public review. What?? Where is it? I don't want hype - I want to read the facts!
Promised 72 hrs to read it! So many of us need major surgery to restore full motion, stop pain, give back lives! 
Small example
Outrageous!
now it will be a little more affordable and we can actually talk with our DR.
TAKING OUR HOUSE BACK, THE HARD WAY. JOIN THE RESISTANCE! 
ACA kicked me off my insurance. I guess its ok only if you do it. At least its a inch towards a market solution. Maybe ill now habw coverage
Or what the bill does.
DISGRACEFUL.  THIS DEMONSTRATES JUST HOW COMPLETELY OUT OF TOUCH THE @GOP IS IN REALITY.
Hoping the senate will make this right. Remaining positive in E TN. Thank you for everything you do! #resist
Ridiculous!
And then apparently have a party a I guessing the taxpayers expense.
Please give the Republicans copies of the Bible! Tell them to do what Jesus did. .. Help People!
Trumpanzees seem to think they will be immune to these premium hikes.
You will make sure it dies in the Senate, right?
GOP: Spare no expense when it comes to hurting Americans.
Both literally and figuratively!
