Every semi-automatic is a five minute mod away from being an automatic. Please, let's get serious about this!
No it isn’t, who told you that?  you anti-gunners are funny.
Close enough, and you know exactly what I mean.
Muting you now. Enjoy spouting pedantic noise to the wind.
As a liberal gun owner, you need to educate yourself on how guns work, or be WAY more specific on ‘your’ definition of automatic weapon
The Las Vegas shooter was able to shoot hundreds of rounds per minute w/o a textbook automatic. Was he specific enough for you?
What is your definition of a ‘textbook automatic’? I’m genuinely curious. No cheating looking it up.
I don't need one, because I don't collect guns, and am not crafting legislation. I don't know, and don't care.
Automatic, semi automatic and large capacity clips are not needed for hunting.
Did you know? The second amendment does not mention hunting.
The malitia it mentioned was for a young Country without a Military to protect it.
Sincerely, 
May God Bless you and family
Sorry, it was meant to protect the people from a government. God Bless you and your family as well.
I don't think it was meant to achieve that protection by sacrificing dozens of lives in Las Vegas. But you and your family, y'all sleep well.
He did not kill bc of a gun. He killed bc he wanted to kill. Were other ways he may have killed more.  Man not afraid to die, has options
Reinstate the Brady Bill!
Has never been unstated.
Let me clarify: reinstated in its ORIGINAL form. Brady Bill has been amended more than a 15-18X in 23yrs, & each time restrictions lifted!
I will bet you did not know that before your first tweet. Have a wonderful evening.
Yet I’m sure u knew, since u loves guns so much. It fits the stereotype: white, male, conservative, reTHUGlican, anti-everything not white.
Curious how race got into this conversation, since you do not know what race I am.
This conversation is over.
We should all agree that the GOP majority in Congress that allowed that ban to expire should be booted out of office.
Joanne, please do a little research before you make a fool of yourself.
Yes because bad people will listen to new laws !!! Stop please you sound silly
Almost every gun used in mass shootings is purchases legally. Mass shooters are "law abiding gun owners" up until they commit terrorism.

Where "should" people get their news?
Oh ok, so you're anti-women AND anti-gay. Okay...
Paul Ryan kept making Go-gos music references concerning tax reform but he’s quiet about guns. Typical GOP
No GOP has killed anyone with guns they have all been libturds
Libturds? How original!! It’s ok do admit you got conned by he Drumpf gang. Go polish your Drumpf sign.
1st Amendment,not just for alt right, Fox News watchers, and Drumpf sheep.
Gathered up and forced to leave the country? Why that’s so Hitlerish.
They are all illegal!!!!
Agree! Also a nation wide data base for anyone buying many guns in different states that are not dealers.Put those buyers on someones radar!
Yes! Just don't tell them because they'll lose their minds! It's the only way to keep us safer.
If assault weapons are not banned by the next election you’re all fired  every one of you.
Why not ban them from the police & military first?  Orders & orders of magnitude more have died by auto weapons @ the hand of gov & military
Yes. We need better gun control.
BAN ALL ASSAULT WEAPONS! No Civilian Needs! Only should be used in our Military! PERIOD! Get it Done... Enough is Enough!
Called me old, but what happened to the days when you took, or gave an ass whooping? One lost and one won, but you lived to see another day.
IMO, the only ppl that should have guns are the military and law enforcement officials trained to PROPERLY use them. Not shoot just because.
Senator, You Liberals are missing the point. Laws work where people want to obey them. We had an EVIL mad man kill a bunch of people. STOP!!
No no. He WAS law abiding. THAT'S how he GOT these weapons. He was just another mental. Stop these guns is the answer!
U can't stop everything by throwing Laws at it. That is the Democrat way. How about accentuating personal responsibility. DON'T give TV time
And that has Stopped the criminals hasn't it or for you guys selling them and getting Americans kill    Fast and Furious Clean this up First
They are banned because of fearmogering.
Let the FBI regulate bump stocks.
We should also to update term limits for Senators as well.
I’m with you!!
Please ban all regardless of when manufactured. Bring back #AssaultWeaponsBan which lapsed in '04 & make it stronger.

#ThisIsntFreedom
Wayne Lapierre's comments toward ur positions FaceTheNation were appalling!  His stance is ludicrous on its face.  Does not represent American Public, he represents his damn gun lobby.  Enough is enough! Debate-@ChrisMurphyCT v Lapierre!  Sensible gun legislation way overdue!
Ya so the only people having guns will be criminals you moron
The bans don't work. Criminals will still have automatics.
There will be no new laws for guns and you will not be in control of any of my freedoms so stay on the liberal train and keep both hands in
the issue is not to "update" but, to improve this law. @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @Heritage
Untrue. Automatic weapons may be obtained. Application available on DOJ website.
Give up your taxpayer funded armed guards first then we can talk about it.
No updating needed !
No, they have not. There are many that were grandfathered in and can be purchased.
They are not banned. Are you that ignorant or are you intentionally trying to be misleading?
Nope. It needs to be repealed
Democrats have made very clear that laws and bans don't have to be followed if you disagree with them.
No we should not.
You have people protecting you with them. Gonna give yours up ?
And your point is,,,,,?
A mistake doesn't get better with time. Congress has no power to forbid commerce, only power to "regulate" it so states can't discriminate.
And then repeal the 2nd Amendment. #RepealThe2nd
Repeal does NOT mean guns become illegal. It only means this ludicrous "right" to own them goes in the ashbin of history where it belongs.
Are you misunderstanding me on purpose? You can own cars, statues, etc., but there is no CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHT to do so. Nor should there be.
My point is this. The only "objects" whose ownership is Constitutionally-protected are "arms." And only in the context of 1780s militias.
Yes, I think the Supreme Court was wrong in the Heller case. And even if I am wrong, repeal would moot those decisions.
Yes, absolutely! No need for these killing machines!
NO. There is NOTHING wrong with the 2nd Amendment and your fuckery continues to erode America's freedoms.

Nope, the most you’ll get is a regulation.
You’re not banning anything.
The President will Veto it..
Yes, Senator Feinstein! Now if you could only make the other #congresscritters understand what those on our side DO!

Justime immagration laws have been on books for along time . Use the laws
U need some #PelosiBismol Dianne, Nancy says it works to eliminate diarrhea of the mouth. U r less no thought for r grief 4 Vegas.

The shooter didn’t use automatic weapon! What law have U proposed that would have prevented LV shooting?There is none short of confiscation!
I know of zero regulated militia's in this country. Why allow guns at all? The constitution says NOTHING about individuals owning them.
Do you read your posts?
There is a ban.
Solution goes against every thing you stand for - law enforcement.
You do not want laws followed.
We also need to address the REASON someone chooses to ACT out this violence, whether by bombs, knives, acid, vehicles, guns, or airplanes.
How the #Deal was made to leave the #LoopHole that allows Modifications is what needs to be known.
#NRAReelectionMoneyForLibs?
We need 2 end military gun ownership by non military citizens, end mental illness paranoia about attacks requiring military home defense.
I don't wanna cam.I have problems.
I wasn't aware the automatic weapons ban could or would expire. Really?
Same old knee jerk reaction
You mean update our laws to un-restrict gun ownership. No one shall dictate what the people own
Dump bump trump.
They are not banned....you would think a lawmaker would know the laws....
NO GUN CONTROL,  Give every middle school kid a gun, to much homework, stand your ground, parents annoying, stand your ground.
Dianne w\o UrHusband UrSecurity atUrHome alone w/o UrPerimeters secured aViolent perpetrator visits/UrTheVictim Glock17 Bcumz Ur BestFriend
Where have you been the last 8 years.... Dianne ?? I guess Chicago doesn't count 3900 murders and 18000 shootings !
Why now Di Fi?
Ok Dianne, I finally agree with something you have to say.
what about semi automatic weapons used in #Newtown #Orlando #VirginiaTech Australia's TOTAL ban, checks, #gunbuyback worked
How about those representatives who take the $$ from the NRA pay for the Vegas shootings hospital bills
No! I do not agree
No we shouild all agree to legalize silencers because when people rise up against your bullshit i dont want it to interrupt 'star trek'
Funny how you went bump stocks to automatic weapons all in the same conversation same day. You know you are lying here. Calling you out!
Yes please!


You know nothing about guns
What are our gun laws?  Does everyone in congress know?  How can legal guns be legally altered?  Bump stocks are a drop in the bucket.
Automatic weapons are not banned.
Lot of good it's done right?
Yes. They serve no purpose. Not good for hunting or protection. Only for men to play army at firing range
Yes comrade! Guns belong in the hands of our dear leaders!
Everyone does agree, Ma’am.  Except fast-talkin’ Wayne LaPerriere and his Militia of Morons.
Thank you for all the work you've done on gun control.
Please say gun regulation rather than control. Language  matters and control has such a negative connotation.
Mincing words is laughable. We all know what the issue is. Controlling the number of lethal toys available 2 people that shouldn't have them
Of course you and I know what the problem is. It is not laughable however to think word choice is not important
I know control is a SCARE word use by the NRA. when liability insurance must B maintained on every gun owned, I'll feel o k to drop "control
I guess mine are lazy. They have plenty ammo to eat but just sit there all day and do nothing
The North Koreans are coming Dianne!!
They haven't been banned, just heavily restricted.
The gun(s) used weren’t automatic. You (we) need mental health and due process procedures properly implemented.
Reinstate assault weapons ban period exclamation point
Will tryant Feinstein want to ban rubber bands because those can used to bump fire
If that ban was working these mass shootings wouldn't happen. In fact, you said today NO Law would've stopped the Vegas shooter
How about illegals, they been ban forever except your sanctuary cities that led to Kate’s death
I 100% agree.
We really need to ban all of you useless senators that have been poisoning our country for the last 30 yrs. done more harm than any shooter
They are still illegal too. Just a couple more laws, just to make sure?
But do you really think that would have stopped #LasVagasShooting ? Is a bump stock really the root cause for the #LasVegasShooter to kill?
How long Have You Been In Congress Again ? ??  That's What YOU Get Paid to Do Instead of Fundraising ALL Of YOU IN CONGRESS
yes for 30 years they have been banned. and the ban has had no effect. laws will not stop evil people.only a good guy with a gun
nope and when your ass is gone were taking america back big time.
You must be a bot and if not, just a lemming. No you are NOT taking America back to racism, intolerance, nationalism and isolationism.
@senjudiciary.  Please support S.1916 and update our gun safety laws.  Please protect citizens from mass slaughter.
We have to have guns were these democrats won't fuck our kids
She's a traitor and needs to b lynched by a big ass American flag
People should be allowed to purchase any weapons without license or background checks.
Automatic weapons have been banned for 30 years. We should all agree on the need to update our laws to maintain that ban.
https://youtu.be/D6oaRAgdslE  bump fire btw u can use UR belt loop as well so are we going to ban belt loops
@SenFeinstein I have a very serious question for you and please respond!? What do you think about term limits for senators?? Please respond
Especially 25+ years..corruption causes one to selfishly stay in office. It's Why congress is immoral
Immoral is a nice way of putting it
Aim low!
Bans at this point are academic. Would you confiscate these weapons?
It’s a cop out to stop here.
Thanks you Senator. Couldn't agree more. #Enough @SenateMajLdr @RoyBlunt @tedcruz Support S1916. @JohnCornyn
What difference would that ACTUALLY make??? Pretty sure the bad guys dont care about that ban
Ummm. Yeah. BC so many "good guys" run around with automatic weapons.
Exactly!!!!
SENATOR WHILE THIS MASACRE HAS HAPPENED! WE MUST LET ALL GOP AND DEMS COME UP WITH IDEAS !AND PROPOSAL !TO HELP NATION'S PEOPLE!
Dems-go bump your stocks on your romper room playground. REAL adults will deal with the minds of the tinker toy users-not the tinker toys.
For 30 years politicians have been slowly removing our ability to have the tools needed to keep the government in check
