(2/2) We’re urging the Drug Enforcement Administration to set quotas on opioid production ASAP.
Opioids prescribed by physician not the problem. Street sell is easier than going to a doctor. You Senators are so dumb.
A big way to help is build the wall that will also help prevent drugs from coming into the US. Build the Wall America!
The supply isent the problem,it's the demand.
This country is full of people that want to get high.if people want drugs they will find drugs
That's not going to rein in addiction. Help people out of the stress of poverty. Make sure they have access to a good education.
The doctors should be liable for the harm they do.
How about the CIA stops shipping in heroine from Afghanistan? That would be better
I don't agree with this issue. Pain meds have helped millions of people. Not all are abusers. It's unfortunate that some abuse them.
Prove it!
Refuse Pharmaceutical donations to you and your Party.
Sure. Great in theory. But extremely problematic for those of us with legitimate chronic pain who rely on painkillers to be functional.
Already have trouble filling prescriptions. Backorders at an entire chain of pharmacies in my city.
Where on earth have you been while this exploded?
One way to stop opioid abuse is to stop dealers. But many high level politicians are getting rich from it's sells.
That's not how substance abuse works. You will cause more deaths by putting Americans in danger of street cut heroin.
I agree but please don't forget those of us who have legitimate chronic pain. The abusers hurt all of us. But something needs to be done.
Doctors & their immediate family should not be allowed to invest in drug production companies then prescriptions for opiates would decrease
Stop Pharma from lobbying and paying Drs!
#WestVirginia did just that & the void was filled w/ heroin.
After 6 back/neck surgeries, opioids are the only thing that gave me back some quality of life. Limits will not prevent OD, education will
And expand access to alternative treatments like physical therapy, acupressure,  acupuncture ,free gym memberships and natural remedies, etc
want to cure this problem make Pot legal nationwide  Stop making people take Opiods that don't work because you make pot which does Illegal
Or stop the illegal production and distribution. The illegal users will take care of themselves
You need to get Medicare & insurance to cover complementary medicine & get Feds to legalize medical marijuana.
Monitor the doctors that are writing the prescriptions!  These are not over the counter medicines!
How about arresting docs who run pull mills?  Don't make things hard for people who have to have the meds to function at a normal level.
And look at how they are prescribed. When you give a month supply just in case because someone lives in a rural area, asking for addiction
Of course big gov will stop  production. Lol lol  just like they stopped drugs coming across the borders
Another way is to legalize marijuana and tax it.  Many ppl will chose weed over oxy; big pharma is trying to keep it illegal bc they lose $$
Easier said than done. You're old enough to know better.
Yea, but her lobby money is drying up, so for now, "Drugs R Bad, Mkay?"
Supply siders are wrong on the economy AND on drugs.
You can talk, you are buddy buddy with Big Pharma!
What is happening is that the people that need and use opioids for pain properly get punished because other people abuse them.
One way is to stop having our military protecting poppy fields so they can sell it in United States?Build a WALL that is what we want sen.
That's politician thinking. It'll only push addicts to heroin.
I disagree with you. Stop legal production & you increase street sales. We must address addiction. Stop demand and supply will decrease.
Bayer is going to withhold your aspirin!
How about you focus on the problem, instead (overly prescribed by doctors, due to kickbacks)
There you go wanting to be targeted by the pharmaceutical industry again!
It sucks for those of us that live in chronic pain everyday and can no longer get the meds that help us just get up
you have to work at the demand end, not production its not working with the "war on drugs" is it?
I agree Sen. If the medical profession was more responsible, would also be a help.
Then they will feel the pain of liberalism. Good idea!
Address the easy access!
It's not the medicine IT'S THE DOCTORS PHARMACIST AND PHARMACEUTICAL CO. Please stop them not the suffering patients . Ps I'm a big fan 
Thats great, now reign in medicaid that only allows "pain management"...instead if actual healing.
Won't that just increase the price and the crime rate to obtain them?
Excess production of opioids isn't the major issue. In-depth reporting has shown easy heroin & fentanyl access is leading cause of deaths.
And Build That Wall!   @POTUS
Is it the best way? We could educate prescribers (and hold them responsible), utilize physical therapy, CBT, acupuncture, diet and exercise.
Many people take these responsibly and need them for quality of life. Let's reign in the irresponsible prescribers not everyone.
So because of Useless Drug Addicts you want to restrict pain killers to actual People in Pain who need it the most?
SENATOR LEGALIZE LESS DANGEROUS DRUGS THAT CAN BE USED AS PAIN KILLER THAT ARE NOT HARMFUL!
Absolutely!
Why do they allow opioids prescriptions and not heroin?
Because unfortunately many people live with excruciating daily chronic pain. For them, opioids provide some degree of relief.
Please resign or don't stand for reelection.
We also need to decriminalize pot. It's much better for pain relief and doesn't make you constipated
One way to reduce ophiod addiction s not to produce. Use more natural medicine not drugs. That's the problem.Medicinal less likely get high
You cannot take them away from the ppl who really need them.  If it wasn't for them and shots in my back I could not get out of bed.
Me too but nobody seems to care . I wish you a painfree world
You also. Thx
I have 3 herniated discs. Pain doc says half his patients have more pain after back surgery. Reducing # of drugs is NOT the answer.
Sorry, went to eat. I have a compression fracture and a bulging one, so I get short in the back & take pain meds,without them I'd be in bed
So others must suffer to accommodate your feel-good agenda? Stop foisting their addicions on the working middle class.
we could probably do something about that if you didnt block #singlepayer
I  how passionate U are about healthcare. Will U be supporting @SenSanders' Medicare-for-all bill to make sure every American is covered?
And take marijuana off the controlled substance schedule .... It's SCIENCE, Dianne. :)
First Cannabinoid-Based Transdermal Patch for Chronic Pain Is Ready for Release
YES!!
