Nursing homes will have to put those without families out in the streets. No place to go and noone to care for them. Dying in the streets.
In my part of the country they just put those people in jail. Leave their care up to the jailers. Real Fine system
Noooo! Damn! Where is that?
East Tennessee they closed the State Mental Hospitals 20 years ago. Now they literally put the mentally impaired in jail.
Horrible. Just horrible.
It's disgusting. This is a big red state and there's not a lot of empathy. All this give the power back to the States, I don't know
It's a tactic to divide the U.S. and diminish resolve. It usually has nothing to do with state's rights.
I'm guessing this doesn't really affect people in California but if you live in a red state a poor state people die. Different world here
Keep fighting Senator!
AND In Home Support Services (IHSS) helps many elderly and disabled stay OUT of nursing homes! #SaveMedicare #SaveACA
Back to the 1950s when the elderly shriveled and died in their kids living room hospital bed. Yeah that worked better. Great idea Mitch
That's not what I read!!!
I'm not surprised but you better read it again. Black and white
Oh they are not done. Their budget will strip Medicare and social security. You watch.
You know, or at least you should know, bills have to be debated in Congress, it's not going to just pass.
and jobs as well.
Then work with them and negotiate in good faith. They will need Demicratic Votes. Please read your email. 
Emailing my Representative, Sen. Diane Feinstein @SenFeinstein on Violence, Resistance, Healthcare, Tax Reform, & My Vote in 2018. 
@jhamby do something about it. Senator.
it's not enough to vote NO. You need to convince the GOP. We're depending on you, Senator.
Please do all you can to STOP the Trumpcare WEALTHcare bill that is masquerading as healthcare
It is C OMPLETELY RE DICULOUS!!!!!
Also, rather than spending taxpayers $ on foreigners who entered the US illegally, how about putting OUR $ towards caring for OUR elderly.
Hope angry red state voters get their fill of the human tears they're always tweeting makes their sad & empty souls happy. It's not partisan
Brought directly to Americans by R. The Death Party..
Please continue to do all you can to stop this bill - WITHOLD CONSENT
The GOP Senate caucus is a death panel
Stop LYING! It doesn't "slash" anything-no one will lose their Medicaid! They just want to slow the growth of it at the rate it is now.
Is this reversible if Dems take power in 2018 and 2020? Medicare cuts don't kick in until 2021 right? Did I hear that wrong?
Why is medicaid coming out of our SS - medicare funding? No wonder 26.5% of every paycheck earned is not enough to pay for the elderly.
Stop the scare tactics, Dianne ! It doesn't work anymore !! Don't be a problem/be a solution! Do your job or retire ! You are 84 !! Enough !
It's your state, why so many on medacaid?  CA. must be doing somethig wrong.  Medicaid S/B a stae issue,not a Federal issue.
Imagine our elders in deplorable conditions brought by budget costs, reduced staff and services, not able to live and die with dignity #AHCA
GOP sees $$ when you say that, not people. They SAY life, they don't SEE life.
The richest, yet greedy, self serving, selfish, that's a Trumps lack of humanity!
So will the republicans put these folks out on the street. I'm thinking yes. Some of these folks have no where else to go. Shameful
Fake news ! And the hysteria continues with the democratic obstructionists ! The bill is a work in progress ! Obamacare..proud Dianne ???
Medicaid is Government take over of health care. I'm not there. #DemExit #DeadParty
Doesn't slash their salaries, per diems, benefits, pensions....mmmmm. Me thinks selfish suckerfish live in the WH
Medicare pays for about 49% of all births in this country and allows the disabled some independence!
Senior citizens: your health insurance is threatened. @AARP @SenSchumer @SenGillibrand @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats
@bannerite Medicaid pays for nursing homes for many Jersey ppl.  Without it, homeless, alone, unsafe.
Of course! They don't want the "poor" on earth anymore. Such great Christians! #theybetterprayjesusdoesntcomeback #rereadurbiblehypocrites
Medicare for All would cover 330+ MILLION people. Not that you care. 24 MILLION are about to lose insurance so you can have your kickbacks.
#ConstituentsLivesMatter
4. By the way, her hospital bills and ambulance transports have been covered by Medicare.
3. hospitalizations  alive and as comfortable as possible. This healthcare bill would be devastating for her.
2. several silent strokes that have left her partially blind, a seizure, a heart attack and congestive heart failure with several
1.My siblings & I are working very hard to keep my 83 y/o mother, who has vascular dementia, has had a brain bleed,
Hope all @GOP are ready to take elderly parent(s) into their homes, in their final years, to take care of. Won't be any help.
AND in California, they aren't able to use subsidies. Get ready to quit your jobs to take care of your parents-EVEN if they have insurance.
@chuckburke13 Will slash thousands of health care jobs also.
Many from the Greatest Generation, too
Sounds like a purge of the weakest. Remember, this is being presented by the "Family Values Party"!
This is a pay back the wealthy and continue to pay them bill at the expense of our health care. GOP gutting HC for $$$ reverse Robin Hood.
Then maybe you shouldn't take bribes frim the companies pushing this, and support Medicaid for all #hypocrite #liar
And 450,000 Vets depend on Medicaid for their care.
TrumpBill has no consideration of what would happen2people who need health care! Typical GOP legislation,no accountability,they don't care
Stop lying like a Dem.  A cut in increases is not a slash.  CA mismanages MediCal and covers illegals instead of citizens!!
no it doesn't! #LiarLiar
What happens to these people once there is no Medicaid to pay for their nursing care? Are they booted out?
I guess the GOP will dump them at the food courts at malls. Then fire all the staff. Good plan.

why do the Republicans want us all to die?
Probably should have endorsed Bernie I guess.....
@realDonaldTrump your #TRUMPCARE SLASHES MEDICAID & REMOVES BASIC CARE like ER visisuts, hosp. Stays, MAternityCare,Mental Health Care etc
Chicken little party lying again. Medicare INCREASES at the rate of inflation EVERY year in this bill.
Watch @jimmy_dore , to find out about this woman at 22nd of June 2017
Thank you for resisting this bill!
They'll blame the states,  but grandma will still be sick and need services that can't be provided at home, but no where to get help. Mean.
Just wait until Granny moves in with them.
Fake
How many regional health facilities including hospitals will close in CA?  This bill affects everyone.

What r you doing about it? We are CA-we know what it is. Tell us u are going to court. More effective: stealing $1 trillion from us for 1%
You guys had the ability to do Single Payer with a full majority. Instead you did a Republican health care plan.
Single payer would allow those elderly people to get the care they need without having to go bankrupt to get medicaid. But you block it.
It does not! Slowing expansion is not slashing. Tell the truth; if you can.
Happy birthday, Senator. I wish it were a better day for this country. I wish I could offer u a gift of perfect health 4 people everywhere
Found this description of AHCA trumpcare Medicaid Cuts/Restructuring helpful in understanding how they want to kill us
Please do whatever it takes to block this immoral tax cut masquerading as a healthcare plan.
Disgusting
What do the Democrats stand for?
Human decency
We have to stop this. Now .
It's a dangerous voting bloc to mess with- but voter ID laws and restricted polling places are a great to disenfranchise them I guess :(
This is another sad day in America under Trump administration. The disadvantaged people will be greatly affected.
Just heartless and wrong. What are you old white men thinking #GOP
Every hour, every day #GOP lawmakers prove themselves completely devoid of compassion placing politics over the wellbeing of Americans.
After decades of hard work the elderly deserve dignified care.
What are you doing to help other than being an obstacle?
And the disabled don't forget them!!!
75%.of elderly patients in nursing homes are on Medicare/Medicaid
What does the GOP expect poor families who can't pay for their elderly families in nursing homes to do? I know they don't care.
Nursing homes will close!
It's going to get ugly and the people will respond
Are you going to allow tax cut for the rich? It's just obscene
We can't slash this lifeline.  Seniors will be at risk!!  Please keep fighting.
Then we have 2 stop them.  The nursing home owners must have lobbyists who can step up since w/o Medicaid they will lose their businesses.
What can we do? Helpless... #resist #Trumpcare

This is ridiculous. We will all be here someday. We should be helping not slashing care for the elderly.
I'm one of them and I'm angry as hell
My husband has Dementia Medicare does not pay 4Dementia care when retirement $runs out we will have to get MediCal despite not wanting to
we are tired of career politicians like you and that is why Trump is in office.
Not true
Entirely unacceptable
balance the budget
Reagan initially helped our seniors with Medicaid for skilled nursing home help. Shameful 45 is taking it away from them!
This isn't even close to done. Dems should offer a counter bill to their counter bill
Isn't that we're you and Pelosi should be?
A good economy will make those $$ unnecessary. Plus, We will no longer be covering illegal immigrants.
And it's a California issue, not a Fed issue. Florida has handed their own and done it well
This is called #bloodmoney. The GOP is taking aid from the poor to pay the rich. It's disgusting. #KillThePoor
Those who vote for this bill need not ask for forgiveness. The UNIVERSE is full of fools. We have a duty to NEVER be silenced. Fight damn it
Medicaid is that thing that all adults know if some bad stuff happens it will take care of us. Conclude republicans r w/out understanding.
Just imagine what will happen in the Baby Boom generation....  you people need to rethink what is happening here.  or we are doomed.
By 2025 and new jobs and employer insured workers offsets that.
I'm going to have to work till I'm dead. Thanks GOP
Next, they'll try to dismantle Social Security.
Not really
TORTURE REPORT: PLEASE! enter FULL TORTURE REPORT into public record. U + your staff sacrificed years to create it. Read it on Senate Floor!
Please withhold consent, filibuster by amendment, use all possible ways to stop this cruel bill. #SaveMedicaid #TrumpcareKills
They would rather  throw your grandma with dementia outbin the street and hope she freezes to death. Complete and total lack of humanity
The whole plan is unconscionable and disgusting. All to deliver a massive tax break for the wealthy. Republican principles.
I am so scared! I will just go to sleep permanently.
Medicaid pays for therapeutic services for millions of children
Grandma is moving back home
YOU sold out Hillary Clinton but I expect you to stand strong for Minority leader Nancy Pelosi.
Not only elderly who receive help are affected but who is going to have to step up? Middle clas fams, making things harder than before.
So glad you are against the disastrous bill. Thank you so much!
It does not. It does not allow us to continue to increase spending on an out of control bloated agency. We are aware of what u define a cut
Every state
IF one looks deep enough ACA is GENOCIDE dressed as Health Care. Effectively let the elderly, the chronically & catastrophically ill, DIE!
Kickbacks from nursing homes must be real lucrative
This year, her monthly nursing home charges were $7,000-$8,000 per month. 
That's without what they billed to Medicare. $25,000 per month.
Why can't the American people vote on this?
DO NOT let this pass. You have our support to do whatever it takes to stop it.
Thank you for all that you do to speak for the people who have NO voice. I pray for U everyday to stay strong & not be intimidated by others
Mcconnell took 30m bribe from oligarch he needs b prison not disabled he is tryong to murder
don't worry.  the prez is going to make sure this bill is "really good!"
Steve Jobs message as he was dying "Treasure Love family, love for your spouse, love for your friends..Treat yourself well. Cherish others."
Senior citizen & disabled ppl are going to be suffer most in nursing home...
What are you going to do about it?
Please withhold consent, filibuster by amendments & use any other tools to stop this
Obamas reply to the bill in case anyone missed it.
#FakeNews
Jobs = less ppl dependent on Medicaid. Why do you want to keep people oppressed?
@SenateMajLdr @GOP Maybe your Republican peers have never experienced what it's like in a skilled nursing facility #sad
Where will they go? who is speaking up for them? @gop hurting seniors who can't defend theirself.
Thank hyou for fighting for us!

Don't forget there are a ton of developmentally disabled people under care in the #Medicaid system too!!
It will shut down nursing homes and layoff thousands of health care workers. What's going to happen IHSS?
Keep convincing mod. Conservatives to vote it down!
stand up for all Americans
UMMM!!!!! Hey!!! Diane!  Isn't the contention among Republicans due 2 fact it EXPANDS Medicaid?? Omg. This is a dem bill!! Must b changed
So not only will hospitals be shutting their doors so will nursing homes
If this bill passes, lots of people in poor Red states will be very sad!
This will be devastating for my neighbors, my mother, soon my husband. This would bankrupt me not having the help from Medicaid. CAcares
WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO?  FIGHT THE BASTARDS!!!
Omg. Have u read it??  This is preposterous that she is stating this
But the #GOP Bible says only the strong and healthy shall inherit the earth.
