Bit you have no problem with Mueller hiring lawyers that donated heavily to Clinton and Obama. You are a #Hypocrite
The Trump family donated too. You ok with that?
Try to stay focused. I know its hard.
So you're saying Trumps can donate to Clinton & not have their integrity questioned?
And speaking of staying focused: if Feinstein defends Californians from being disenfranchised... not got a damn thing to do with Mueller.
B/C Mueller is hiring Democrat donors to Hillary n Obama she doesnt question their background, and that makes her a hypocrite.
So Feinstein should hand my data over to Feds bc she doesn't oppose Mueller??
@GovernorTomWolf PA is also refusing to turn over voter data to protect democrats. Dead ppl in Philly have been voting for decades
Yo DiFi - Criminal immigrants allowed to have a driver license in CA. All that's needed to register to vote in CA is...a DL number.
Do your homework before you spread lies and assumptions.
Thing is, I already did.  Howz 'bout you do a little research before accusing someone of lying.
Actually that's not how it works  you probably don't even live in CA. Liar
That's exactly how it works. Born, raised and live in Los Angeles.  I'm not bothered by you thinking that's a lie.
Lol! Are you Trolling? Actually it doesn't. You are not allowed to vote just because you have a license ... technically it doesn't count.
Sorry you choose to disagree with facts.  And trust me Frannie, I'm so much more educated than you.  Willfully obtuse is boring. #Bye
What are you afraid of?Our congress continues to fail us as a country.
Trump, Pence, & Kobach's goal is _to deny US citizens their right to vote_.  Do not attempt to defend that.
That's why Kobach wanted party affiliations - they want to deny likely Democratic voters their voting rights.

Don't fall for the con.
Lies!! Release voter records, tax payers demand!!
No.  They don't.

A large majority of US citizens reject Trump, Pence, & Kobach's attacks on voting rights.
And do not attempt to defend or excuse Trump, Pence, & Kobach.  They are trying to deny millions of US citizens their right to vote.
I just Did and your a Liar!!
By all means keep this resist thing going right thru the election cycle. Great job!!

Turn over voter registration records now! Tax payers demand!
Make no mistake Trump request 4 voter registration info is smoke screen 4 plans 4 Gerrymandering 2018 elections.  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gerrymandering …
Yes..my ss# should not be given without my consent. We're told how dangerous that is
lol... dummy, the US Government already has all your personal information. They issued your Social Security number Einstein...
True...i guess they don't need to request the info
Oh...thanks again for explaining how it works.
According to CA state law anybody on the planet is able to request voter information. That's how you get so much junk mail at election time
As a California voter and tax payer I want California to give the  information to the Voter Fraud Commission.
Is someone cooking the books? Why not make sure our system is accurate? This is just common sense.
So you don't want to hand over the registration data, because of how much fraud there is?
Yes! Resist!
Really?  Because we would see how much fraud is going on, right?
No he didn't.  It is public information and we want to know!!!
That's why Kobach is asking for party affiliations - to deny likely-Democratic voters their voting rights.

Don't try to defend that.
You are nuts
WAKE UP CALIFORNIA!!!!
No he did not. What's wrong with making sure only eligible voters voted? Oh, that's right. U benefit from illegal votes. Shameful
Let us hope ALL states stand strong do NOT turn over their voter registration data. Is this even legal to do?This is our personnel info.
But you are okay with Obama administration spying? Check out @kwilli1046's Tweet:
Fired FBI Director Comey decided to bury 47 hard drives with PROOF of Obama's spying. Furious yet? Watch this:
You are showing yourself to be one of the most corrupt members of the United States government.
Many of your constituents (unfortunately I am one) see this refusal as a fear of finding out a truth that won't sit well with you.
Mr Trump's allegations are groundless more distractions that keeps us from improving/securing  from Putin our 2018 voting infrastructure
.@GaryLucas in what part of California do you reside?
Lucky!  CO SOS is handing them right over!
May everyone in CO protest that mistake.  And may you all remember, and vote out Sec. Williams in 2018.
Unless we have fair & secure elections by 2018 we will  have a GOP Congress & Senate no matter who we vote 4
Putin will have won World War 3
tell trump I'll show him "mine" (vote info) when he shows me his (taxes)!!!
PROOF: California is guilty of #Voterfraud 
Most egregious lie told in 2016 is #hillaryforprison won the popular vote 
#NeverTrustaDemocrat
If there's nothing to hide or nothing illegal then why resist? Oh wait because there is illegal voting to hide. Got it
I DEMAND VOTER ID LAWS IF U REFUSE TO COMPLY WITH MY FED GOVT!
You Democrats make me sick, you allow illegal immigrants to vote and get MY tax dollars via food stamps because you have no new ideas.
She could have been nice and actually used your twitter handle...
Senator F. What is wrong with Voter Integrity? Or; R U worried about fraudulent Voter Registration and Voting Fraud in Multiple States?
CT as well #resist
Baloney Ms Feinstein! I personally witnessed voter fraud here in Fountain Valley. I was offended and horrified & said so
@AlexPadilla4CA @JerryBrownGov @KamalaHarris Need to be held accountable for allowing illegal aliens to vote in our state. Release the data!
Why? What are you hiding? I want to see the data! You gave illegal aliens licenses so they could register to vote. CA is the worst offender!
THIS IS WHO SEN FEINSTEIN wants to protect!  NOT our children!
Sound like Ca is hiding VOTER FRAUD. Prove that No Illegals vote.
Crooked politicians run this state! Alex Padilla is one of them from the top down
This proves California has a lot to hide as far as voter fraud! They're afraid to let the truth be known! Illegal activities r rampant in CA
are you afraid the "she won the popular vote" narrative won't hold water? Every American has the right to ask for the roles.
I worked at Reg of Voters. Non citizen asked to be taken OFF the roles cause ImmIgration Dept would find out FRAUD
Damn right!
What do you have to hide?
I agree! Thank you for protecting our voting records and private information!
Incorrect @SenFeinstein, to maintain integrity in elections, all states must release voter reg data for analysis 
The people of California SUPPORT giving voter registration info to the committee to STOP voter fraud. Elected officials r hijacking CA.
Why not turn over info? Everyone knows who keeps you & your buddies in office
I Agree!
WRONG! What are you all afraid of ? Calif registers thousands of illegals to vote And guess what? They vote! @CalifGovernment
Obstruction
Do what you can to support obstruction, it's all you got.
That and mass voter fraud.
That none can argue there isn't as the proof is hidden.
Why was it the right call? They are public records. It just makes you look petty and untrustworthy.
Yes, thank Secretary of State Padilla for refusing to turn over California voter registration data. #NoOnDeletingDemocrats
Just retire already! Please, dig a hole and go away forever
Absolutely. Stand strong California!
Could not agree more.  Thank you.
Why? Voter fraud in California is rampant, and you know it, Senator...and you don't give a damn cause they vote Democrat. Shame on you
Pillar
All @GOP who support handing over #votersupression commission data should have no problem signing on to national assault rifle database @NRA
Tell Padilla we appreciate not turning over our voter registration data. Thank you.
Yes keep the corruption going in CA. Good job on destroying our state further!!!
Why is that the right call? What have they got to hide???? Typical political b.s.
They're hiding millions of illegal votes.
Wondering what the non-compliant states have to hide?
He will.
Other states should do the same !!
I do not trust the children at the Fed with our voter info.
They already have all your info. They have your emails, phone calls, bank accounts, social security number, address - wake up
Maybe you could also look into @Greg_Palast
It's amazing how you are in agreement to break the law conviently.
How about just obeying fed laws for a change.

I know - a scary thought .... but CA might just like it ...
Why do you think this is the right call? Afraid to clean up the mess that is California?
I don't understand why they can't just ask the Russians for the voter info...
Thank you Senator.
I don't care if JESUS himself calls from the white house bat phone...DON'T TURN OVER THE VOTER INFO! Please & thank you, signed, California!
If Dems have nothing to hide, turn over the data.  Let's find out if illegals are voting in our elections.  Hiding this data is outrageous!
Has NH refused? I do not want my private data sent.
Voter fraud is real in California How about voter ID, would you be for that.... Dianne ?? I didn't think so ! Democrats would lose votes !
Dem's are running scared, crooked just like you Diane. 1 billion payoff to you from Jerry Brown crooked crooked crooked Feistien
My gas station attendant, her 2 daughters all from Egypt with green cards voted illegally for Trump. Turn over the data so Republican lose.
What's he hiding?
Senator Feinstein California leading the way again keep doing your job Trump has definitely been compromised by Russia need to find out
Thank God! Kris Kobach sounds like he embraces voter suppression big time Reminds me of the accusation made about President Obama birthplace
Turn it over! What are you afraid of? Who in the heck does CA think they are refusing. Totally unacceptable!!
Did Trump sign the bill forbidding him to remove sanctions from Russia?
Good!
Typical liberals you're all happy because Frankenstein is doing this yet NSA has been collecting your data for years #LiberalLogic
Time Is Now 2 Address Voter Fraud. One way or another this is a menace to the future voting integrity of R nation. BIPARTISAN interest NOW.
Leads one to believe that there is something to hide.
Like you would EVER be for sending your private data to the feds. Come on
#withpadilla
Give them nothing. Protect our information.
What about the NSA? Your information is never safe
yhe crooked treasonous call
Its funny they wont give the feds voting info but to vote for president they dont check id's to make sure your vote is actually you.
Thank you, Alex Padilla!
Yes he did.  Amazing how often California does the right thing
Federal auditors will be making a long visit to Sacramento.
THANK YOU @AlexPadilla4CA ! I breathed a sigh of relief when I saw we were on the list of "hell no's". OC appreciates you!
KY SOS @AlisonForKY has also refused. Only bright spot in our state.
God willing the other 49 Sec Of States will also refusing to turn over voter registration data.
I wish my state Georgia would be concerned about protecting my privacy.
It's not about privacy. It's about VOTER FRAUD which is rampant in CA. Politicians need to be held accountable 4 allowing illegals to vote.
Give them nothing.
So grateful to live in CA. #ProtectOurPrivacy #SaveOurHealthcare
Yes,  we can't stand the scrutiny
This Californian appreciates all the tireless things you do! THANK YOU!!!!!
#IMPEACHTRUMP
California once again takes the high ground. Thanks to Sec. State Padilla and to you, Senator Feinstein, for standing up for us all!
They just dont want to get caught. The data would show more voter fraud than any state. We gave illegals licenses & registered them to vote
Gov. Inows everything but some Illegals voting that's what they want to know all you Ca jerks
got something to hide ?
""
I hope you don't have to turn it over, none of us want big brother Bannon/Trump/Kushner getting our information.  Stop it! 
Of course, because you know millions of illegals are voting, and they will vote Democrat because California is the give me FREE state!
I am appalled by this request! This is a fundamental right. How many ways can the american people be deterred.
It is a fundamental right for CITIZENS, not illegal aliens. And California is full of them.
So did Gov Malloy in CT.  @DanMalloyCT
So they're trying to rig future elections under the guise of "fraud". House of cards move.
of course he didn't, turning the information over would only prove voter fraud. Basically California pleading the 5th...
Most ignorant thing I have read...do you forget the NSA? your data hasn't been safe for about a decade
cut all federal funding off from the liberal CA.
I agree w/you senator CA should refuse 2 assist the trump admin n most anything they do. They r proving 2 b disasterous 4 this country
Thank God for Trump. #MAGA
I live in CA. @Govjerrybrown, along with the sanctuary cities, are destroying the State.
I know. It breaks my heart to see what is happening here.  I'm only 42 & It's a different state than what I grew up with.
Why? What r u hiding?? U started sanctuary cities.. we know where ur allegience is
trump will use info to bully all Americans.
Hmmm... if nothing to hide then why not let them have it just to prove a point of higher ground
Because they are asking for private individual information - not what is available publicly.
The same could be said for all our servants asking us for private information. Do you get upset when a cop asks for ID during a stop?
I have never been stopped by police, but if I was, my drivers license does not contain my SS number, nor my political affiliation.
That's because he know illegals vote in California
why?
Agreed. We don't need "Big Brother" watching over us.  States rights.
Thank you Senator. You're the best !
Turn over a bunch of people's names that aren't qualified to vote,
I'm shocked
Because it would prove voter fraud. I can see why they wouldn't want to turn it over.
California once again showing us the correct path.
If you have nothing to hide why stifle the investigation?
There is plenty to hide for sure.
Because of VOTER FRAUD!
Wasn't this one of the three questions the media ask continuouslyWhat is the President doing about the voter fraud?
Yes they did!!!
You're violating federal law. Go to jail.
Absolutely. Thank you and thanks to Alex Padilla! 
What a ridiculous third world request that was.
We're all fucked if this happens. Trump's political organisation's will get it all
And do what?
Do you know the value of personal information about every voter in the country can give you
Yes I do I have been elected to serve the public in my voting district. Voting machines aren't connected to the net.
Never said they were, just saying Trump will forever have an in depth database of every voter in US, gameover
How so? What can they do to change the outcome of a federal election?
If Trump has the database, and the Democrats don't in an election, do you not think this will help Trump?
I'm hoping you will explain how.
This so-called president has no respect from any sector except the GOP, and I'm sure it's only because they want their own agendas passed..
US can't trust that DT will protect our intel from Putin!  He should be watched the entire time abroad so he can't collude with our enemies.
no outrage over Obama and the NSA spying on its own citizens @SenFeinstein
"Allegedly" stated by DTrump??? I don't drink that koolaid.  sorry.
EVERY state sh/ give Trumphole admin the flying one finger salute!
Yes because we only care if Russia does it not our own States!@SenFeinstein
Any idea if SoS Lawerence Denney of Idaho has followed suite?
It's an outrage for them to even ask for this information. Voter fraud is nonexistent. This whole group is a waste of money and time.
Its an outrage that illegal immigrants think they have a right to be here.  They are breaking the law.Period. Its cool Trump is draining it
What does that have to do with voter registries? Undocumented immigrants don't register to vote. Derp.
My Nevada government cares about us, too. I'd love to see all 50 states refuse to comply!
Yeah lets start a civil war over illegal immigrants who dont belong here anyway.  Good call u jaggoff.
Why? Who is checking it to make sure all voters are legal citizens?
Why? Too many illegal aliens on the voter rolls? #KatesLaw
Yeah but you still won't stand for single payer, so you'll get voted out, like you deserve.
