While you are at it, call Obama in to testify why Obama granted her entry to US when her visa was denied? What was the purpose?
Wow she is just hanging out with Obama official???
If the job would have been done right we would not be in the mess. No vacation for any of you lazy asses. #RepealAndReplace
Investigate true collusion: call HILLARY to testify why she paid $300K to FusionGPS in Collusion with the Kremlin for Fake DOSIER.
You mean you must keep up the FABRICATED LIBERAL'S LIES
We can't trust our Government to do the rigth thing when there is money on the line.  There is too much money in congress.  Term limits!
I have made phone calls left zips and requested answers from RUBIOS office no ans from him  but  want to thank you
I'm sorry Senator. It's really hard to think about healthcare when we have a treasonous and illegitimate president running the country.
If the GOP Health Care plan passes it will be bad.
And if we don't get rid of this Admin then we are witnessing end of democracy as we know it.
Democrats start leading work together and give Americans alternative to trump don't hang back
I'll b calling UR offices. U better not confirm 1 more pos w Russ ties! Y wld u have EVER confirmed any of DT's picks? i.e. new FBI director
IS there a WAR on WOMEN?!! Why did CONGRE$$ JUST TAKE OUR HEALTHCARE AWAY THEN?!! @EqualMeansEqual
The "I Do NOT CARE" bill
NO SUBSIDIES 4 INSURANCE COMPANIES.  NO MATTER THEIR INCOME, THEY WILL DEMAND MORE.  SUBSIDIES ARE NOT GOV EXPENSES, THEY R TAXPAYER BURDEN
@CAStateStrong pissed about having to fight to keep what little HC we have while a traitor sits in the WH.
Sorry but bho left already unless of coarse you're referring to the democRATS and RINOS then we'll be voting them out in 2018 also
Single Payer!
Do you look at comments from your constituents or do you parrot what the Democratic Party tells you?  Doesn't look like you research bills.
People should be making calls about you and your hubby make millions off the USPS real estate sales... corruption much?
Hmmm kinda funny how you want DJ JR. In to testify right away but yet you still done nothing about TARMAC LYNCH AND OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE
Agree, but it all won't make a difference if you confirm Wray who almost certainly is under Trump & Russia control. #ImpeachTrump
45 shouldn't be hiring anyone while under investigation. He's obstructing @ every turn. Of course he's hiring someone who'ill do his bidding
administration actively being investigated for a myriad of corruption allegations should not get to pick @FBI dir. what are you thinking?
Liberal democRATS ON russia 
Friendly reminder, this wouldn't be happening if you hadn't cheated in the @DNC primary for Clinton!  #BernieWouldHaveWon #BERNIE2020
Not accusing UK of any wrong doing?  But consider how easily, Gov could relieve itself of costly care by an accidental contamination?
UK- Single payer system, "accidentally", killed 2400 hemophiliac patients w/aids tainted blood?  How does this happen?  Culling pop 2 easy?
I know The President wants everyone to have  health ins.  Bipartisan is not a dirty word. It's the way our Republic is supposed to work.
Too much hostility and little cooperation is dysfunctional government and helps no one.
President Trump, Congress & Senate skip the conspiracies and to focus on a healthcare bill that is good for all at the expense of no one.
Clarification:  The healthcare plan should not benefit the top 1% while disenfranchising 27+ million Americans. Must be fair. Needed now!
IF U LOVE SOMEONE SET THEM FREE! IF THEY COME BACK TO U ITS REALLY MEANT TO BE. GUILTY OF BEING PART OF A COVER UP! BETRAYING THE MASSES!
NO BRAINER. PICK YER BATTLES. GIVIN UP THE FOREST FOR 1 HIPPIE TREE. PENNY WISE POUND FOOLISH. WIN THE BATTLE LOSE THE WAR. DATA INFO.
LET IT GO....NO BRAINER. PICK YER BATTLES. GIVIN UP THE FOREST FOR 1 HIPPIE TREE. PENNY WISE POUND FOOLISH. WIN THE BATTLE LOSE THE WAR.
SENATOR DIANNE FEINSTEIN YOU ARE DOING A GREAT JOB.
THANK YOU FROM A SINCERE VOTER. #AMERICA FOR SEN.DIANNE FEINSTEIN.

Disappointed U came out of the FBI Wray hearings saying you will vote for him without you asking him about his firm's connections to Russia!
2) not to mention his role in defending Chris Christie and Bridgegate!
Ask him about those things!!!
http://amp.usatoday.com/story/102603214/ …
I believe democrats think they are their higher power, meaning, I think you Dems suffer from a disease you cannot control. Let go Let God.
Bottom line,  is Dems do not want freedom for Americans, you want socialism/communism as long as you're part of Aristocracy. Let go let God.
What about HRC colluding with Ukraine to destroy Trump? What about Fusion GPS, and its ties to the Dems. Be careful Feinstein it might bite.
Stop your bias, if roles were reversed re., Trump and possible damaging  info.,you would have listened and then act as Trump Jr. Would act.
Know that the Russian Lawyer had denied Visa approved by Obama.  BTW, remember hot mic with Obama and Russian leader.
Be smart, realize since 2010 Dems have been voted out because the American people want Politicians out of our healthcare. Stop controlling!
Give it up. If you stop progress then you live with Obamacare. ACA.
Who colluded with Russia? Not our president.
Keep up the pressure on Trump, say no Wray.
#NoWray

#Breaking Research: Christopher Wray's given money to 4 GOP Senators that would be voting for him:

Perdue-Isakson-McCain-Portman

…
The public will keep up the pressure.
Meanwhile, I see you've decided to vote to confirm Wray before the hearings are even over.
Nice.
actually i support you on this one.When Obamacare collapses (and it's on the way)we can lay it at YOUR feet.
@SenRonJohnson my daughter has wolf Parkinson's whitesyndrome my son hemochromatosis me multiplesclerosis! Universal healthcare!REDTURNSBLUE
wtf?  why are you a yes vote for new fbi director?!?
How does this make any sense?  Obamacare will implode & it will be on you, @SenFeinstein.  So by all means, ensure that the GOP bill fails.
What kind of garbage is that? Obamacare will IMPLODE. Poop on Democrats not Republicans because YOU are useless. Poster: TERM LIMITS
U would rather watch a bill fail and let Americans suffer instead of offering help. Ur one gr8 lady.
Many of the D wanted to work together and fix it... O w8 u chuck &Nancy said u would NEVER work w R to help the Amer. Ppl.
I don't Trust FBI Director Christopher A Wray.
he is not loyal, Dishonest. America needs
To be aware of Corruption w/Rep,Gop,WH.
Single payer means Gov is responsible for total cost.  Too easy for Gov to cull the population w/accidental contamination or bad batch serum
Super gonorrhea discovered.  Antibiotic resistant, no cure.  We need healthcare and we need the wall now!  Stop playing politics.
Not pointing finger, suggesting possibilities of single payer. UK- 2400 hemophiliacs. poisoned by A.I.D.S. tainted blood.  How happens?
America, if these congressional jackasses can't work w/HC bill, we are looking at single payer.  SP puts your fate in Gov hands.
What pressure?  Y not keep up negotiations w/Republicans?  It's obstructionist rally cries like this, that alarm Americans.  Bipartisan?
Yes! Send those cards & letters! REPEAL OBAMASHIT!!! 
This is a glimpse at my son's story, @SenFeinstein. Thank you for your leadership and advocacy. #AmericaSpeaksOut
 “What Medicaid Does for Kids Like Mine” 

#ACA #SaveMedicaid #Medicaid #BCRA #ACHA @SenateGOP @SenateDems 
Thank you for fighting against Trumpcare!!!
What do you propose? Let's hear it?  The system is broken and you and your cohorts are to blame...fix it or resign.
Isn't it time for you to retire?
The Obamacare Scam was the Democrats fault to try to break middle class and make medical ins. a monopoly. You are guilty of scamming us.
Obamacare is terrible! Premiums & deductibles are so high that people can't even use the ACA, or better called the Un-Affordable Care Act!
I a former democrat agree with the firing of Mr Comey. He politicized the FBI and made an unreliable agency. He is the leaker one of them
Repeal and don't replace.  We can't afford it!
I'm good thanks to you and Sen. Harris!
We need to investigate you also
Why don't you listen to the folks with complaints about Obamacare that had to pay out of pocket?
Please vote against horse SLAUGHTER today!!!
I believe the republicans want to thin our population with their health care bill. They are not the family party.
Resist ! https://youtu.be/mHp1smu1Mww 
After that, fight fhrv#singlepayer #MedicareForAll
I have tried to call left messages cant get through
Dream of commifornication!
Net neutrality is also essential.
You're right get it passed
So you want to keep up the failed Obamacare..Dianne ?? Do America a favor and retire !!!
Senator have you been invited to tell your side on the Health Bill by Liz Wheeler of OAN TV Station? Please do attend if asked
consider yourself called!   Thank you for being my sen!
I will but when will the Trump(Jr.) email investigation happen?  Please take Kuchner's security clearance away now.  MAKE GOP DEAL WITH THIS
Called you & @KamalaHarris today. But the real issue is in other states. Press your colleagues!

repeal the WEP AND THE GPO.... do something!
your ER visit is your Debt, how about that, responsible for your self,  the way it should be.. that will lower it all.......!!
Let's break that GOP "health care" bill into tiny, tiny pieces!
I hope the bill does not pass, it is horrible for millions especially the rare disease community and underinsured.Things will only get worse
McConnell is postponing the August 3 break because he knows constituent feedback at home is going to be brutal. Call them!!!
Gov should not be involved in health care if obuma had not killed jobs people could have worked and not be on gov teat
I'm tweeting all I can.
Why not help out
Thank you for fighting for us!
Should we wait for the new bill?
The contributing Americans want you to listen to us no more directing us vote for the health care bill
With respect, ban asking for months: where is Dem alternative legis proposal??
what the hell do you care? California is going to single payer right?
Get rid of this toxic Republican healthcare Bill keep and improve on Obama care, better yer SINGLE PAYER UNIVERSAL HC.
Trump should be barred from signing ANY bill into Law. Stop all GOP legislation.
How do I remove
hey this is cool
High C on a tree what was that supposed to be check out senator
Hey there running
Why not just give us your healthcare plan problems solved
I just emailed you and Sen. Harris. Thanks for fighting for us!
And where are you, Feinstein?!  Sitting on your ass doing nothing, while the American people pay the price for the Obama crap that u passed!
We must repeal!!!
Glad you'm my Senator! Stay strong!

As @SenateMajLdr prepares a revised #HealthcareBill, am sharing this post by @other98 laying out the #SinglePayer math pretty clearly. #ACA 
perhaps...but you and every dem against single payer needs to read this!
http://landwheremyfatherdied.blogspot.com/2017/06/the-naked-truth-of-health-care-in.html …
Perfect analogy.  The Insurance Industry should NEVER be involved in Health Care. Many countries have Universal Health Care
Serious question- for those of us represented by Dems who are opposed to the bill, who should we call?
and what health care plan do you have?????
calls made to my congress and senators - Thank you Senator for all you are doing - Today Pull Jared Kuschner's security clearance
THANK YOU!  Keep fighting for us & USA!!!
Consider this my call to you! Flush it down the toilet. Gov has no business in our healthcare! Constitution=freedom. Our choice not yours!
Let them pass their horrible bill. It impacts Trump voters the most.
@SenatorBurr & @SenThomTillis only have Voicemail, & emails which are automated. Deaf ears. No live town halls. Craven cowards
We are looking for #FullRepeal of Title 1. This is one of the reasons the D party has lost so badly over the past 8 years #AmericaSpeaksOut
The delay of the August  recess break for the Senate may be a contributing  attribute for  the Health Care Bills end. Sen. Dianne Feinstein
I'm calling...must end Obamacare.
When will you address the systemic racism in Marin county housing? Or are there too many DNC donors
I assume you mean I should be calling you to pressure you into accepting #singlepayer right? you wouldnt ask me to shill for your shitty ACA
We are speaking out!  That's why it will be repealed!
You help break it to start with ,
Why are all Politicians exempted from paying into it ?
Rebuttal ?
Fix the ACA and move quickly toward a much needed UNIVERSAL HEALTH SYSTEM akin to 56 other nations who care about their citizens.
Of course to accomplish UNIVERSAL HEALTH SYSTEM you'd have to take K STREET LOBBYISTS out of the picture.
Scratch that, they have given themselves another 2 weeks to work, but we will outlast them. #RepairDontRepeal
Call the Senate Finance Committee 202-224-4515 & Request Public Hearings on #AHCA
They tally calls! 
Call your Senators Too
 202-224-3121
Every tax cut in the Senate GOP health care bill, cartoonsplained,
And who they benefit.
What is your plan for when it comes to vote?
