My statement on the pending deportation of the Sanchez family:
You guys have to do something about all the unfair deportations around the country.
Go back in history and look for the definition of 'Unfair', then ready the context of their case. Kisses.
Not going against t immigration law. I'm talking about the UNFAIR DEPORTATIONS.Just to let u know: this country offers legal opportunities.
Only if they are legal.  Quit catering to illegal immigrants
Just worried about losing your illegal votes comrade??
Had the underbelly of D.C. Not outsourced jobs and they come through proper channels, But outsourcing kept Hillary out.
we can have undocumented immigrants why not undocumented drivers, pharmacist, gun owners, Drs etc ? Wanting an illegal vote that's not to be
A deranged man shouldn't be allowed to separate families. Shame on the congress for not putting a stop to this. #Amendment25 #getridofpence2
Take the legal steps!!!!!!
Deporting nurses during a nursing shortage makes so much sense.
Training our citizens for these jobs matter to me.
Not so simple. https://www.theatlantic.com/amp/article/459741/ …
Well they weren't welcomed with open arms. They broke our laws therefore they are illegal aliens. We deport illegal aliens. The End.
Legally
Enough of this illegal immigrant protection and promotion! America is already over populated and bursting at the seams. End all immigration!
Make sense to have an immigration moratorium UNTIL we fix our immigration process! Remember, there is a visa system for work, study, etc.
Can we trade you and Bernie. Please
Did anyone ever try to see if they can go and come back under an H1B Visa.  how long they're here but, find US comp to sponsor. You Can?
they might be safer NOT coming to the US from the looks of it. Nobody will stop Trump from launching Nuclear Bombs.
Then they should become legal citizens. They broke the law!
Great! File the paper work and follow legal procedures and we welcome you! Nothing else is acceptable!
Thank you for your service and compassion for humanity! We need more leaders like you.
he got caught 2 times crossing the border illegally.Do this in Mexico you go to prison 1 year thousand dollar fine.2nd 5 years in prison
Sure sound good just fill out the paperwork. Like all law abiding people do.
Senator Feinstein please fight for legal residents and American citizens with the same passion and conviction.
I have nothing but respect for you Senator Feinstein.But to be fair many qualify Americans would love to work at Oakland Highland Hospital.
AMERICA welcomes "legal" residents and citizens... this one is "illegal" for 20 years. See the difference?
Without restraint we should allow them in is your actual argument. Stupidity
Agreed!
You just don'get it! We have a busted, wrecked, railroaded immigration system in America. Get it fixed!
Obviously both you and Feinstein have helicopters to get around in and aren't bothered by the grid lock the rest of us face. End immigration
If they are here LEGALLY THAT IS FINE!! IF NOT PACK THE HOME!!!!!!
So we need to welcome more people who break the law into the United States?
sure there is an American nurse to take her place and there are American CDL drivers with valid driver's licenses.  How did they get jobs?
Legally, Don't you get it.?
Sure...once they had filed their required entry documents.
No their not! Get em gone!!!!
I don't get out of a speeding ticket because I'm American. We have laws for a reason break them and you go home
Our country can only stand if people come legally. Follow the law and you have no worries. Break the law and you go home.
I agree, but it should be done legally.
Are people trying to enter USA lawfully and this sends them a terrible message being hard-working has nothing to do with breaking laws
Politicians like yourself are at the root of this problem by not enforcing our immigration laws to begin w/ there are people trying to enter
A crime is a crime and when you break federal laws to come into this country why should we kowtow to anyone is the fault
If they are here legally and can pay their own way then yes they are welcomed with open arms
As long as they come in legally, we will.
If they do it the legal way, they will be welcome.  Illegally it is still a criminal act.
Yes we should welcome them, long as they become US citizens the legal way. Dems haven't been this angry since republicans freed their slaves
Yeah sure I'm down to let them in just go and do it legally and your good to go! No problem there!
As long as they do it legally. :)
Absolutely-just as my great great grandparents maternal/paternal were immigrants to US & eventually built US middleclass
Que Lastima
If deported, they did something wrong
No-that's the issue. They are going after low hanging fruit
Whatever. They wouldn't have deported them had they been here legally.
Dems in CA protecting the majority of illegals who are criminals..... ms13, rapist, murders, etc.  Shamefull
Dems should keep it up... They are destroying themselves.
Almost all legal immigrants are against all this crap siding with illegal immigration.  They even feel cheated.
Or it's just u and your side kicks like the cheap labor....which is just modern day slavery.  Shameful
These are the people we should be assisting to question & protesting South American governments why they don't provide for their own!
US , specifically taxpayer is not the caretaker of South America! Canada doesn't have these issues! Hold South America accountable!!
Don't you take an oath to uphold the laws?  Hardworking - however, still illegal aliens that broke the law?  Open arms.....for votes????
Legally. Not illegally
Yes when they do it legally!!!
This horrible inhumanity to all this people that a big part of our economy needs to change get him out not a president
Listen. They broke the law. They had to know this would happen. Every illegal immigrant knows the risk. Accept the punishment with dignity.
That are in this country in violation of our laws.  Deport them.  Go ICE.
Thank you for speaking up on their behalf!
With 320,000,000 people in the USA what do these people bring to the party and why didn't they bring it here LEGALLY?
illegally working?  or word visa?
work visa. or expired
The immigration laws don't work.  People try for decades to fix problems and get no where
Congress needs to legislate for immigration reform. That's their job, paid for by American taxpayers.  Follow the law, don't violate it.
They are certainly welcome if they aren't "illegal aliens"
They were welcomed, but no country allows immigration rules to be ignored.  They should have been more responsible in naturalization steps.
Definitely! Why can't a Fast Track Immigration Division be set up for law abiding hard working families? No excuse for dragging it out!
Their home country needs them more than we do.   Brain drain and all that.   Why ruin Mexico by enticing away their most industrious ones?
I'm sure we will if they apply for a Visa
Let them apply the legal way you , can't say it.
Are they here Legally ???? Nooooooooo, oh well.....see ya
You know what's crazier is deporting illegals then they coming back through a virtual open border and kill US citizens
Shame on you
If they come legally. Gotta go thru the process, follow the laws.
Then let them go through the legal immigration process. My wife did.
"sanctuary city" San Francisco you opened your arms to an illegal immigrant Franco Sanchez, deported 5 times, who killed Kate Steinle! Sad!
And more than happy to do that...LEGALLY!! What do you NOT understand about that? Good God!!
We do .come legally.go back and do it the right way.
You still don't understand. You continue to push immigrants and bash Trump. That is why Clinton lost. Your bull shit just helps Trump.
We welcome anyone legally.... u welcome killers in sanctuary cities
You weren't complaining when Obama deported more people than any other president
Yes but they also have to go through the system just like everyone else
People who want to be welcomed with open arms should come through LEGAL channels. Otherwise it's not fair to those who do.
Have you ever heard of "Legal" ?? Wait, you're democrat, never mind .....
We should only welcome people who come here legally.
That would work if you would give ICE all criminals to export.
It's nice to have a big heart but you have to go through the system like how America started
After they legally immigrate. What is it with democrats that you can't understand the law
Come illegally = deportation
Diane.... they need to get in line with proper paperwork thats the law. We can't save everyone in the world.
You've only had 30 years to create a legal immigration system DIane it looks like failure is on your hands.
True. If this family has been filing paperwork for 15 years, then the previous 8 year-administration failed them. Why blame @POTUS?
Fine, Feinstein. Why can't you work to structure immigration policies which will open arms in both directions? Don't you think it your job?
No effing problem if they come LEGALLY witch
Regardless of whether or not they can speak English...which is NOT the official language of the US of A!
It is the language of this country! At least for real Americans!!
You are wrong--the US does NOT have an official language!  Wake up Deplorable!
This statement and others similar to it, is exactly what caused the illegal immigration crises.

No more amnesty or open borders.
No more!
You had 8 years under Obama to change the immigration law. You didn't. How quickly you forget about the millions of illegals Obama deported.
Is there more to this sentence?
How about we keep the hard working illegal immigrants and deport the lazy, system sucking Americans? I would go for that!
We've Got an entire WH that belongs in GITMO.  @realDonaldTrump While we're Saving Money  & All
Aww Marlon Hows your day going Snowflake ?
We're going to start to have fantastic contributing legal immigrants they probably won't vote for you
NOT until EVERY American citizen has a job!!!!!
Do you not understand how that would cripple our economy?
My great grand parents came here legally by Ellis island. What is the difference from 1900 and now for immigration legally.
Google us immigration timeline. These policy changes we're not uncommon
My great grand parents came to America legally. What is so different now.
Under what social security number are they paying taxes?
And who hired them to work here without being here legally?
Why is it so hard for you to understand the difference between legal/illegal? We will when they come here legally. Law applies to everyone!!
As long as they come here LEGALLY.  Then yes, WELCOME!!
They should become citizens legally then.
Nope.  You're wrong.  Do your job, crazy.
Deedee, POTUS is following the law! You have been in Senate for 20 odd years why haven't you passed immigration reform?
Sure, why not? 
IF, they arrived in the country respecting U.S. LAW.

http://www.ktvu.com/news/273163894-story …
YES Legalize families Who apply to immigration who contribute NOT fence jumpers or tunnel diggers those are dangerous on every level
Please stay on 1 HealthCare and 2 Immigration  let The other Trump madnesses go.
We did. Now Pretend POTUS is playing god.
I bet they get welfare for there kids she had to have broken the law to get deported but if that the case no with a family should be sent pr
Absolutely, as long as they do it legally
There are probably hundreds of millions of hardworking parents in the world who would like to sneak into our country.
Follow our laws first
Tell them to apply, Senator. Oregon just accepted 48 LEGAL migrants.


