I'm glad us Californians have you.  The despair that I'm seeing from some of my red state friends is heartbreaking.
All of the insanity that we hear coming from California makes the rest of the country wonder what the hell has happened to Cali
What an incredibly uninformed and ridiculous statement. Tell us where you live and I'm sure we can assemble a list of problems. We'll wait.
Uninformed? 
Do you think you live in a bubble and no one outside of Cali has any info.
Residents of California hate what lib gov has done
Also, still waiting for you to tell us where you live so we can outline the problems in your state
Even so, our roads aren't crumbling, our air is cleaner and living in a red county at least my vote counts occasionally
Thank you for confirming that you're uninformed and living your life under a heavy (and expected) political bias. Too funny.
And still our roads aren't crumbling our pollution better than yours, no damns busting, no ridiculous taxes being forced, ya, go Cali
The final vote on HC will be cast by their constituents in 2018.
They'll make sure the really heinous parts of their bill won't impact constituents/voters until after the election.
Like obama tried to do with the ACA? 
Only the ACA was so bad he couldn't hide how horrible it is.
That's why dems have lost over 1000 seats
Yes, considering the number of seats democrats have lost since OCare was passed I'd say that America wants OCare repealed
PEOPLES LIVES BEFORE POLITICAL POINTS

Reason Why Senator you don't Vote to #RepealObamacare We will be having you voted out of office in 2018.
How CAN anyone be undecided????????
I. Do. Not. Know.
I have passed sick of this and through disgusted with this and I can tell you if we don't vote the bums out of office 2018, well . . . .
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP @WhiteHouse "Four Horsemen of America's @GOP Apocalypse" @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @RepChaffetz @realDonaldTrump
.@GOP We are watching. Be sure that, if you vote "yes" on this abomination, your job will be in danger. Count on it. #SaveACA
Too bad you won't have enough time or information to understand the ramifications on the health & finances of 300 million Americans. #fixACA
Scaramucci is just another con artist like with hair! No class, no ethics, no compassion, no humility, no dedication except 2 themselves! 
Obamacare is a complete failure. Dems lied about it from the beginning. Hope Rep can fix it cuz Dems don't care and doing nothing.
is playing shell game with future of ALL Americans! Healthcare, , are game 2 keep us from Russiagate. LOCK HIM UP! Worse pretend POTUS!
Those who vote to repeal #ACA will be liable for the results.
Amen senfeinstein.
Vote out health care. We vote you out.
U know that Monsanto written DarkAct vote, pretty important vote and U SOLD out to Monsanto cancer causing Glyphosates.
Please ask your Senate Republican colleagues why they exempted themselves from their own Bill and that they're keeping THEIR Obamacare.
The nine "nay" Republicans were Collins, Murkowski, Graham, Cotton, Paul, Lee, Heller, Corker and Moran. Keep calling!
The GOP Senators know how important Healthcare is by the number of billionaires like Steve Wynn calling them and telling them to kill ACA.
And it will be remembered long after you.re gone. Especially by the millions of lives you hold in the balance.
@darionavarro111 and the one that will define if you are an American.
You tell 'em Senator
Voting yes to take away healthcare from millions is committing political career suicide.
None of them are undecided. They allow two to vote against and use VP. It's all staged. How many will die for a tax cut?  Stop calling it HC
Lives depend on it
And I was hoping for dental coverage. Really. Instead, I get kicked int he teeth.
Career altering.
That's Right!
Thank you for always fighting!
KEEP IT UP SENATOR. We can't do it without you! Thank you!
You should help the Republicans fix what Obamacare broke or get out of the way for those who CAN! #MAGA #freemarket PLEASE!
Especially if you want to get re-elected!
Undoubtedly 
Their vote will be remembered
Too true!! We will not forget come election time! Thank you for your hard work on this!! Stay strong!! 
The final vote is a death call who lives r dies but it won't b u cause of gov healthcare benefits-
your Dem colleagues got the message, Dianne.  Where is the spirit of cooperation and conciliation in the Senate?
I'll bet that, if this passes, they each have one or more family members that will suffer terribly, maybe die, because of their "yes" vote.
I live in a blue state with all blue representation and I'm grateful. I have great health care: I will pay more $ for all to have healthcare
Yep, 2018 is soon approaching.
This vote will most definitely affect future generations causing some to be isolated in poverty  simply because they don't have quality HC
It will be the lasting legacy of @SenateGOP and @SenateDems BE BOLD! #ProtectOurHealthcare
#TheRealDeathPanel #CorruptGOP
How can anyone with a conscience and a ounce of morality be "undecided" about potentially killing thousands of their fellow citizens?
if it turns out to be one of the most important decisions that were all screwed.
Your leadership is poor
You have no interest in fixing healthcare.
If you did you wouldn't vote against even debating it.
You've shown who you are obstruction queen
@DeanHeller @SenCapito @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @SenJohnMcCain #KilltheBill  #SaveOurCare or #VoteThemOut. My family depends on u all
For many, it will likely define their legacy. Hope they end up on the right side of history rather than a footnote on hyper-partisanship.
@Dobieblue why don't you tell us which of the 1% are benefiting from the "tax cut" and we can direct the vitriol appropriately
he GOP legislation gives "$275 billion in tax breaks for the top 2 percent, people earning $250,000 a year or more."
A no vote = end of your political career. Make sure you're ready to quit!
We know you are a relentless tax collector for the welfare state!  Courageous!
Keep fighting so that ALL can have access to good, affordable healthcare.
Your right so vote to repeal
Yes...unlike obummercare vote 8 years ago...
And we did it you loose again.......
SENATOR WHEN YOU VOTE THINK OF ALL THE SENIORS AND CHILDREN THAT WILL BE EFFECTED !AND YOU KNOW THAT WITH EVERY ACTION THERE IS A REACTION!
TY for standing for us Senator.
DRAMA!
What happened with Manaforts subpoena and public hearing??? Is Grassley holding things up?
You're talking to a bunch of doors.
No one was denied healthcare until you and Obama came along. Work for the people not your party for a change.
God, you just don't say anything with an veracity and I feel like that's why we are fucking here. Call them traitors like they are.
It doesn't matter Dianne. America's being destroyed from within and no one is standing up to stop them.
Thank you for your service to our country.  Your patriotism will always be remembered.
Thank you, I feel you are the voice of reason!  Hopefully your Republican colleagues will reach across the aisle to work to repair the ACA!
Thank you 
#SaveTheACA
if they vote to kill it, it will be one of the lastvotes  they ever take.   #2018. soon comes the  time for the people to vote!
I'm not sure I understand what you mean. Kill GOP healthcare bill or kill ACA?
House Democrats staff was just arrested, trying to flee the country. The House of Cards is falling on top of liberals....
GO BACK TO BED.... Ur Sleep Talking.... 
https://twitter.com/Taniel/status/890000023659872256 …
Senator, we need to end congress having free health care when they are no longer in office. MoC should have to find healthcare as we do.
Why are there any undecided? Why would anyone vote for these bills? I don't get it!
It's hard to understand how those opposed to the ACA don't know how they will lose their protections. Repairing the ACA will help everyone!
I agree Dianne!!
Our reps have sold out. The American People have been sold out for 20 pieces of silver.
T Y Senator. While I have your attention, CAN YOU PLZ take a 2nd look at tRUMPS FBI choice WRAY?

ALSO plz know, WE DONT TRUST so EXPLAIN!!
Repeal the failed ACA. Don't rob taxpayers to sponsor welfare mothers, deadbeats, and their offspring's overpriced care. No to Big Pharma !
Literally, lives depend on your vote (may not be your lives) but you took an honor oath to protect and help Americans and America.
GOP senators did the Dems favor today.  THe Senators votes have been recorded.
History is watching, and there will be quite a few senators with explaining to do if they vote yes come election time. #CountryOverParty
diane, sweetheart, baby, hunny bunny. Don't you have to run for re election in 2018? Thought so. Don't think it hasn't been nice...it hasn't
Then get involved and repeal and replace it to something that works for all Americans. 
Including small business & self employed individual
Thank you for continuing the fight!
They all want their careers over in 2018. That much is clear.
Thank you Senator!
Why not spell out where you stand EXACTLY, Senator? Important in what way? Perhaps because voting to repeal will be voting to kill people?
Make no mistake; those of us who have Healthcare under curt. law are sick of this. Fix  4% who have a problem. Leave the rest of us alone.
To your colleagues :  We are not slaves, we are everyday people. When you are voted out, you will be everyday people too. Just remember that
You should have written it the other way around. :)
Now is not the time for @SenateDems to sit on their hands. Submit you amendments, lobby for changes, let your voices be heard loud & strong.
And for most, it will define their government service legacy.
Getting behind #singlepayer will be the most important position you ever take. Get with it
Senator my Republican friends in my neighborhood are turning democratic so the other side of the aisle will be empty
why are democrats requiring amendments to be read??? ...dems just are deplorable..this could be oppty for debate and dems 100% partisan.
I hope you call out sick when that day comes #maga
So many greedy spineless people you must work with - thank you for all you do!
Stand tall senator.  Stand tall.  This must not pass!
If it passes make certain that when the democrats return to the majority that #SinglePayer replaces whatever is passed.
to your colleagues in @HouseGOP & @SenateGOP history is watching.  Pass either of these wretched bills &  voters will #repealandreplaceyou
Call me crazy, but if I was a senator, and someoneasked me to vote on something they wouldn't tell me about, I'd vote no and say 
Undecided? I don't believe it. They know how they are going to vote. Just too chicken to say it.
Yes, all that being "disturbed" & "concerned " was just for show, to take the heat of them.
Keep up the good fight Senator we are with you!!
Your words are falling on deaf ears unfortunately.
sick rhyme
It only life & death for us!
To my colleagues who are undecided, make no mistake, the final vote on health care will be among the most important you will ever take.
And to side with a known traitor is to undermine everything Lincoln worked for in preserving the Union during the Civil War. @senategop
And by "side", I mean "vote against the ACA just so the GOP can look good to their base." Not worth it, GOP.
They won't be looking good to their base when the base becomes much worse off than they were with the ACA.
ACA must go! You are right "no mistake"! Your pathetic jobs are on the line.
AARP watching that GOP !!  Get em Dianne !!
And it may be the last vote they make

Career ending for those who vote yes.
