Blah, blah, blah. You voted yes on all other picks but Tillerson. Stop. Confirming. His. Picks. #2018iscoming #Resist
Thank you!
I guess it's good that elections have consequences...too bad your no vote means nothing...tired of last 8 years
Thamk you for standing up.
Thank you for doing your utmost to protect our country, our constitution and our people from tyranny
you are as out of touch as the Democrats they are the ones that have destroyed this country
thank you!
Jeff Sessions will be a great Attorney General with or without you. Will be great to have true Justice again.
thank you!!!!
@rosemcgowan @JudiciaryDems you Democrats are just becoming a real joke
Thanks! Continue to block Trumps payforplay nominers!
what a surprise! U worked alongside him for years and never said a word. Shame on you!
THANK YOU.
Thank you for listening to your constituents.
Thank you for voting NO on Sessions.  He is not fit to be AG.
and filibuster Gorusch!
Mr. And Mrs. America, fire the God damned traitors . . .
Your pandering to the far left is sad.
very well said
You DO KNOW that all of President Trumps picks R getting thru,even Decks, our great VP will vote as a senator!
The party of NO! Sessions is an honorable man and highly qualified! Shame!
Thank you for representing your constituents desires!
@Mike_Jung @JudiciaryDems Congratulations on coming out of your coma.
thank you, Senator.
Who can expect sensible reasoning from a Democrat with a evident hatred for all conservatives. Term limits Yes
That certainly is an ENDORSEMENT of Sessions then. Thank you dummies!!
thank you #keepamericaalive
you mean keep America stupid like it has been
thank you!!! as a constituent of yours i urge you to PLEASE continue to vote no on the rest of trumps nominees!
Trump won the election get over it snowflake
We need a list of Republicans who are waning on full vote so we can slam them with calls, emails and faxes.
stop whining snowflakes are you still mad cuz you lost the election
And I vote NO on you if you run again!!  And STOP boycotting votes and DO YOUR JOB!! We pay you so do your JOB!
Thank you! Keep doing what you KNOW is right re: Sessions, Davis, Price, Mnuchin
thank you.
Thank you.
great slow down the process even more
@btvscharmedgirl @JudiciaryDems too bad you have no real power now. Gets worse for you in 2018. You may want to prep for that
thank you
thank you!
Thank you
Thank you all. Continue to push to have him removed once the @SenateGOP put party over country to confirm him.
thank you all! Please NO on DeVos too!
But you voted YES for FIVE others #SwampCabinet #VoteThemOut  #TimKaineDemocrats
Hypocrites.
Thank you
Good! Now filibuster.
Thank you to all of you - even if it goes bad, we can consider you true heroes.
thank you for the NO
Thank you
Thank you!
thank you for your hard work to keep all of us feeling safe and supported by our government.
thank you!
Americans don't want your crap anymore..go away. Far away.
and your point? All of the Republicans voted yes
Thank you!!
Thank you. We must fight for our Country. It has nvr been so serious. Democracy degrading worldwide. Not here!
thank you. Keep it up. And empty your voicemail. Constituent here, and can't get through.
and why did you vote yes on Pompeo? Sad to see condoning of torture.
please also vote no on all Supreme Court nominees. Need to start fighting harder please!
But you voted "Yes" on all the other Trump nominees, didn't you?
thank you
Thank you!
No no no no on DeVos, Sessions, and Pruitt, Mnuchin
And you are proud of this?  Amazing.
thank you for voting no on Sessions.
@agavecorn @JudiciaryDems Thank you
Keep voting "No"! We don't want any of this crap for our country or the world!
And it didn't make a damn difference, just like we expected.
Thank you so much. We really appreciate your speaking out about him. (I'm a constituent!)
is there a qualified conservative you would have voted to affirm?
Thank you for standing tall & strong. Please continue to #resist the rascist, predatory TrumpBannon agenda.
@Karoli @JudiciaryDems Thank you Senator!
how did that work out for ya? Just pushing forward a loss of more seats in 2018. America will not accept this
Resist, Dems!
Thank you, Senator!!
@Karoli @JudiciaryDems Good. Thank you ma'am.
Thank you!
Thank you!
@Karoli @JudiciaryDems thank you. Don't stop please.
thank you
Dems have been nothing but Obstructionist!! Time for Term Limits..
@SusieMadrak @JudiciaryDems NO ON EVERY ILLEGITIMATE NOMINEE!!!
Keep it up. Appointing the unqualified and totalitarians must stop. #resist
Thank you for voting NO. I am your constituent in SF
YES! Keep up the fight! We support you.
Please stand firm on rejecting Trump's SCOTUS nominee. We rely on your courage.
Thank you.
Thank you!
Keep fighting! #Trumprussia #resist
Certainly you don't want a person in DOJ who may investigate how it is your husband gets billion$ contract
I'm sure you DEMs would. After 8 yrs of a corrupted DOJ shielding criminal politicians it's not surprising.
thank you!  Keep opposing the Trump nominees especially his SCOTUS nominee.
Bout time you voted no on somebody.
thank you.
thank you
Thank - you  Senator!
THANK YOU  FOR
THE NO VOTE!
you are a poor excuse of a senator
Are you still pouting that Trump won? Time for you to retire!
Good, thank you very much, but why did you support his other pathetically bad nominees?
@RavMABAY @JudiciaryDems  Thank you for your no vote and impassioned statements.
Kiss my ass Dems. You lost and you must get in the back.
I'm a constituent, and thank you for showing that you support the folks who vote for you! Agree NO on Sessions.
Vote Yes!
thank you senator!
wow.  Amazing how proud u r of being a partisan obstructionist.  Shameful
Thank you for standing up to T***p.
thank youuuu!!!!
great job
thank-you for voting "no" and representing us, Senator.
Thank you! #NoSessions
Thank you.
thank you
thank you. Continue to represent your California constituents.
Thank you!
please persuade your smart R colleagues to oppose Devos, also #DumpDevos
thank you
Thank you. @SenFeinstein We in California have your back. @JudiciaryDems
Voted "No" on Sessions attorney general nomination. All nine @JudiciaryDems voted “No.”
big suprize
thank you for your No vote on Sessions and for your public service.
you must vote no when it comes up for a full senate vote
thank you.
the NEW "party of NO"
Dem obstructionists & "your no on everything" position are why the Nuke option will be invoked on #scotus
thank you!!
Hold the line - We (CA Dems) want NO Gorsuch, NO Price, NO DeVoss
No also too Trump's Supreme Court nominee and the rest of his cabinet picks. Push for impeachment.
Thank you for voting against Sessions!
THANK YOU.
what happened with Tillerson????? This guy is just as scary as Bannon.
Thank you!!!
Thank you!  We need you to do EVERYTHING you can to block this administration! #RESIST
Thank you - I am so relying on you make the best choices.
@UniteBlue @JudiciaryDems  So last year your every move lead to the disaster we're in now, but hooray you did 1 thing right
b f d sour grapes loser
what time is it in your country, troll?
shut up you ugly mutt
Awww, comrade troll is triggered.
Thank you, Senator Feinstain and Judiciary Dems!
Thank you
Fantastic.  Thank you, Senators! I’m sure #CorettaScottKing would thank you, too!
Thank you! Please continue to fight against his confirmation!
thank you!
thank you
Thank you from a constituent! And thanks to all @JudiciaryDems as well.
Great! Why have you @SenFeinstein gone ahead and confirmed the other nominees?
@kharyp @JudiciaryDems Thank You fellow patriot. Standing up for our country is valiant on your part.
@MJB_SF @JudiciaryDems good
NO on all of them.
no on DeVos too
@kharyp @JudiciaryDems thank God
....thk you soooo much Senator 
@llpetro @JudiciaryDems Thank you!
Thank you!
Thank you.  <3
thank you. Keep it up. Ask if this is 1 party system.Rights they take away when u use them aren't rights u have
Thank you for voting "No" on Sessions!
Thank you for voting no, Senator. Please keep being the strong opposition. Sincerely, a California voter
Good. Your constituents are watching, even if we can't get through to any of your offices for weeks
Thank you. I was worried you would vote yes. Thank you for taking a stand. More of this!
THANK YOU.
@GardenDelight @JudiciaryDems Thank you, Senator Feinstein! Please block his  confirmation and regressive SCOTUS pick.
Thank you for voting no!
Thank you, Senator Feinstein. Filibuster Gorsuch!
Vote no on DeVos!!
thank you
Too late. You're getting primaried.
Good deal! Thank you!
c How will you get GOP votes so Sessions is stopped
Thank you. #stopsessions #Respect
collaborators like you will be primaried.
appreciate this. but why did you vote 'yes' on all of the trump appointees so far? very disappointing.
Thank you, Senator. Please vote no on the remaining nominees. We need @SenateDems to protect our rights & institutions.
please continue to vote no, this cabinet is illegitimate until russian ties, emoluments, conflicts straighten
get 4 GOP with conscious to vote against Sessions.
Good. Now, vote no on every remaining nominee.
Thank you for trying! Keep doing all you can to stop & delay 45's agenda. No on #DeVos!
I voted no on you to.
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you Senator!
Thank you Sen. Fienstein for standing up, a principled voice for Voting Majority!
Thank you Senator.
Thank you!
