New Avalere analysis shows that states could see a 6-26% decrease in fed. funding for #Medicaid under #BCRA http://avale.re/2tXZJlj  
You mean Obamacare dear
The plan you passed 
The Republicans have not repealed Obamacare you own it 
FunFacts Re:ACA-LosAngelesCounty,pop. more than 42 States.Area= RhodeIs+Delaware. L.A. City=18th world economy. ACA=self-sufficient,thriving
Then Enjoy Obamacare's prosperity but do keep in mind Democrat Senators like Durbin and Baldwin both stated they need to FIX the ACA 
Sure, make it like California. This is too easy.
Nobody wants to be like California Matter of fact The rest of the country keeps waiting for Utah to be ocean front Property 
Which works for us, 40 million and counting, y'all can stay home it's fine. But leave the geology out of it, you're on shaky ground there.
FunFacts Re:ACA-LosAngelesCounty,pop. more than 42 States.Area= RhodeIs+Delaware. L.A. City=18th world economy. ACA=self-sufficient,thriving
Cal is 6th largest world economy. We contribute over a trillion in taxes, equal to the freaking budget. You're welcome, and lucky we don't.
California needs to reassess the policies they have implemented that don't work for citizens
Overpopulated, destroyed local environments, full of crime and corruption. Unsustainable
LOLOL, you know nothing of this state. We lead, we pay, and you follow kicking and screaming. Our cars defined YOUR cars. And GM is fine.
Can't argue with someone who believes in sleestacks, sorry dude you need to come back and embrace reality
California one of the poorest run states in the nation
We pay for you. Cal gets only about 80 percent of taxes back, we pay over a trillion a year. 6th largest economy and ACA is healthy and fine
ACA is not healthy. Obama had to illegally siphon profits from Freddie and Fannie for subsidies. Unconstitutional and proof of failure
That's because you created the "wellfare" state, giving majority of care to illegals. Shame on you. Time for you to retire.
Any Bill your against must mean you make no money from it. So it must be good for CA not like yours @JerryBrownGov bills.
Your pay to Medicaid! You people are an embarrassment to our nation and our president 1/2 of the Medicaid people need to work!
My gosh Senator you're as bad as the rest of your party. You know the bill is a work in progress & isnt finished. Y dont u offer suggestions
Yes, we must defeat this bill. YOU must get on board with single payer, or get out of the way.
He wants to punish California for BIG loss in our State.
Republicans hate California
Bc California was a beautiful state, but thanks to infiltrating lefties it is now Corruptifornia, world's largest open air lunatic asylum.
Frankly, I don't want Mt tax money going to Cali, b/c they won't follow fed law! If Cali wants to give Medicaid to illigals, Cali can pay it
Well said
Universal Health Care..simple solution.   Covers everyone.
GOP and Trump hate California.
True
When you defeat this bill you are defeating all citizens. You people are zeroing in one class of people! What is wrong with you people?
Why are you spreading lies to people? There are no Medicaid "cuts".
Shame on u Diane. Ur better than that. U know slowing growth of program is NOT a cut
We Shall Overcome the Devils @@GOP  that sit n church on Sundays saying amen. Thank God He nos their hearts & stiffneck.
It seems that there are more people in Medicaid than there are people that are working! You people are not working for the people so give
Please work with moderate @GOPSenate to improve and fix #ACA. Thanks for protecting the vulnerable.
Tell the truth you liar. There is no cut to Medicaid! It gets more money each year till 2024 and you damned well know it Y I left You party!
Why do you think that the rest of us need to pay for your handouts?
Use the money you spend on sanctuary cities and welfare plans for illegal aliens and you will be fine
YOU ARE EXACTLY RIGHT WE MUST DEFEAT THIS @BillGates
Your state hasn't been "hit" by anything from this bill. It's a bill, not a law. Stop trying to use the force.
how can a BILL have an effect? are you serious? fake propaganda... you should point your finger to Obamacare
cali recleklesly spends my kids future away!!!!! Own your own crap! Get out of my kids future!!!!
As usual this old bag is lying to the public to cover her ass. Why doesn't congress have the same insurance we have. Oh they are the Elite!
Oh so that's why they are cutting Medicare! They hate the West Coast more than anything.
So the rest of the country IS supporting California medicaid recipients?
No problem then just let California pay for it and everyone is Happy
United States does not need the Democratic "Resistance" Started when the People Elected Trump even though you lost the people deserve better
Russia needs to be Sanctioned but they did NOT RUIN our Election that's why Obama did nothing about it & when he left NOW it's a Big Deal
Republicans can defeat their Bill but Democrats can't if we come together & get a few more on board Obamacare is over Democrats can't STOP
Maybe if you actually cared about us, we have single payer.
That looks like a retaliation map
shut down the floor! Again and again
Hard hit by Bullet train, gas taxes/car reg. fees etc. AND hit for Sanctuary State if passed. CA going down...
Senator, If.....Rotten Russian Rubles were used in any way to insure or support GOP Congressional victories, the people deserve to know.
How does spending more money on a program equal a cut in spending on that program?
Thank you for dealing in facts Senatir Feinstein.  I wish Trump/Rep. Senators would do so, too.  It is so refreshing. I back your leadership
I'm shocked
Are the Republicans going to buy the senators votes from their own party and pass this bill?
Trump administration has 2 main goals: 1. Weaken the West 2. Increase dependencey on oil.
I'm going to really enjoy watching you lose your seat. #SinglePayerSaboteur
That's why we need #SinglePayerNow and @Rendon63rd listen up!
Reduction in future growth..True Dem stick your head in the sand and do NOTHING.. We need representatives with solutions not status quo.
Pls tell everyone to continue to call and protest through the 4th of July break.Must keep the pressure on
Pls present plan 2 restore/repair #ACA !
Many Trump voters in California didn't even know that @CoveredCA which was working for them was indeed @Obamacare saying get rid of it! @GOP
Im luvky to have cheap coverage even tho my parents' is too expensive
You must be defeated! Your career has been full of shameful decisions!
Baloney! Senator Feinstein is a productive leader.  Her process is fact analysis, building a base, proposing a solution. She gives and gives
Prove it
We're depending on you & Sen. Harris to do your best for us. And we'll have your back. (95125)
Yes, the same in Sunnyvale, 94087.
It's a lie , there are no cuts in Medicaid,it increases 71 billion "ma'am " check it out and quit lying
Sen.Feinstein why can't all states that have expanded Medicaid come together & form their own single payer or xchange system 2 lower costs
If california, the 8th largest economy in the world, can't run their own single layer, putting more states into the mix don't help.
Please have your followers read, "Useful Idiots" This will give them a clear and precise understanding of the healthcare you want. #BigPix
Thank you for your efforts. I am proud you are my senator
I'm sure @RepJeffDenham will help fight tRumpcare !
California is a third world country.
as opposed to what? Maybe Mississippi or Alabama. Those places are in the shitter.
and if you think one progressive company gonna move there with their anti-LGBT laws you're high
The #GOP so called "heath care bill" is just a bad idea for everyone (except for the tax cuts to those making over $250K!).
No what it does is makes you pay your fair share of a program that  isn't even needed.
Because the state you represent has so damn many impoverished people.... and you don't see THAT as a problem that needs fixing? Sad....
And yet we are paying for
Shocking how the bill could target Pacific Northwest - NOT
FunFacts Re:ACA-LosAngelesCounty,pop. more than 42 States.Area= RhodeIs+Delaware. L.A. City=18th world economy. ACA=self-sufficient,thriving
Louder, more details on the hardest hit in the nation and keep repeating it until people start to hear you 
#AHCAisIMMORAL #Trumpcare 2 mean
