1) why did you give McCain a standing ovation for casting the deciding vote
2) what are you doing next? how are you stopping this?
They're so disconnected from the effects of their own legislation. Feinstein should be thrown out of office and pilloried.
They hugged John McCain. I am spitting mad.
I would hug him too, and I have never agreed with him politically. His battle now transcends politics. We need to have compassion.
Compassion is what he didn’t show to the millions of Americans he voted to deny the same healthcare he received.
You’ve been fed a lie: that it’s okay for them to destroy our lives so long as they’re *polite* about it and that we have to be polite back.
Dianne, Obama screwed up healthcare. Do sit down and shut up
While I agree that we must keep fighting on for basic healthcare for all citizens, it's also deeply depressing to be at war with ourselves.
Feinstein has a long record of being on the side of the people. Our challenge is to defeat the GOP with our own efforts. We can't match $$$
that's your problem quit sabotaging the President
What's the matter Dianne? You afraid your insurance lobbyists will stop your gravy train?
You lost me, lifelong Dem, when you voted for Chris Wray. This is not normal & convention is not okay. If CA can't do right, we are doomed
Agree. And now he has his own Christie/lawyer scandal in New Jersey. Great. . They are all so corrupt!!! 
Healthcare was devastated when the Democrats voted for obamacare. Why doesn't congress use it instead of their Cadillac plan. All lies.
No tax breaks for wealthy.
HOW? Hillary had a plan. But she's not President
Like I have a horse in that race! #idiot HOW DARE YOU PRESUME TO KNOW WHAT'S BEST FOR MY HEALTH. #socilizedmedicine
I do not believe it will happen. These hearing will expose they have no plan Dems must be ready work with GOP
Indeed. What can we do to help?
Can we learn to work together?
Your flunky TC Ostrander was wrong about #Fanniegate. & You refused 2 meet w/ @_InvestorsUnite in April, 2014. Now it's time 4 RICO charges
@JusticeDeptm must act in #Fanniegate; evidence supports RICO charges: Fraud, Racketeering, Perjury, Obstruction of Justice @npr @wsj @thr
Thank you, @SenFeinstein
What bullshit Dianne!  I am a lifelong dem & I am fed up!  Why did you or any other Senator NOT GIVE @MaxineWaters signature to stop trump?
Maxine waters what a joke

What are you doing about it?
Go gurl!
Sen Fein, Repubs cannot devastate OCare as u state. It is already devastated with unaffordable Premiums & Deductibles. Who can afford OCare?
Do you even comprehend how much the common american is hurting from the not affordable health care act. Your cripliing your own constituents
Senator Feinstein, You and the Democratic Party have devastated health care.  It is called ObamaCare!  #MAGA
YOUR the one who helped DESTROY OUR healthcare! MILLIONS can't afford ins or the OUTRAGEOUS DEDUCTIBLES that prevent us from using our plan!
Too bad your way sucked and cost us millions of jobs and cash now it's our turn for fair free market solutions.
Thank you for your years of standing up for America
Read Ominous Alliance.your propoganda is not working.https:\\http://www.artisanvintageworks.com 
An elderly Repub friend =worried about ending up in a wheelchair& a ward of the state.I said STATE? Will be no state help if they repeal ACA
Trump voters need to see what the bill says. Then decide. Maybe a good thing for transparency. We hope.
Now is the time for Medicare for all.
I hope you filibuster it, Senator
Agreed
Please do something to stop this mess.
Trump has been deaking the law for 35 years, laundering money, illegal gaming moves, associating with organized crime.. its a joke
you people are weak, you seem to have zero power to anything. Kushner should be up for indictment immediatly, security removed 7 Ivanka
Have the MINORITY presented a plan lately other than throwing more money at barrycare
@SenJohnMcCain I do not understand the vote to move forward on a bill with no hearings and no debate.  This is a shameful legacy
Thank you from a Santa Rosa constituent.
The Republican are fighting to restore good health care for all not just some
Thank you for your no vote today.
And you know what happens bullies
We have to because so many people and children are going to die and they don't care  trump is a bully
You are only down a 1,000 seats in this war. Keep fighting like that please!
Thank you for your support. Continue the fight on behalf of We the people.
I'm weary
Then all of you work together to get the health care fixed and fair for everyone
WTH you or another Senator did not FIGHT to keep trump from being sworn in speaks volumes to me!  Today is a sad sad day!
Can we please have a bipartisan solution?  A procedural vote to debate a bill doesn't mean we can't still fix what we have, does it?
You need the house, senate, or President for that. Good luck....
Get us specifics, we want to rise above and protect our fellow citizens! What to do next?
Please fight against this bill with everything you have!!! #HealthCareVote

I just can't understand why taking away healthcare for so many gives Republicans joy?  So shameful!!!
Healthcare socialist party agenda the ballooning cost of social security hey maybe I don't want a pension based on earnings 21 yrs downroad
Simply cause I took an hourly wage job, now it's a job to manage pension and carry all the other nonworking invalids
Please do!!! I feel like I just got a death vote. Single mom, heart condition, on disability (was a teacher), and now super scared.
Keep fighting Dianne!
to devastate health care and the whole country!!!
...and oust that corrupt traitor!
Senator: This is the fight for our national life. Please pull out all the stops & fight fire with fire. Non leaders must step aside. #resist
Thank you for doing the right thing.
@GOP owns this
Like you even care lol. You've had how many years to actually do something for the American people? You are why your party won't win.
Proud American family since 1749.
4th gen Californians.
Our response to GOP HC vote:   
Motion to proceed to create an Independent Republic.
#ImpeachTrump
FIGHT against this bill as if you're fighting for your life.
Excuse me if I am not feeling very hopeful these days.
Please continue the fight for us Senator!
It's obvious you don't care about what the people want the contributing Americans want the dims out of our pocket
You knew this was happening and if you didn't, maybe you are the problem. This is all about power and not about people. Help people or move!
YOU LOSE. AGAIN! Bad news for Dems; Trump & GOP are just getting started with 7 1/2 years to go. Poor little demagogue. Pink pussy hat time.
Thank you for your no vote. Please keep fighting for us.
You've failed us, now feel the will of the people. Revolution is at hand.
REVOLUTION!!!!!!!!!!!! We gave you all a chance.  You have lost the FULL trust of the people!!!!!!
In America, we don't help some by hurting others Sen. Feinstein. Repeal and start over!!
It is just a debate Dianne. I would think the Dems would want to debate what they think is so awful?
And what about single payer!!!!!!!!!!!!!
pamela, the U.S. cannot afford single payer. CA tried it and about went bankrupt. Look at Venezuela. Look at poor little Charlie Gard
Fight for me.i have cancer. I raise my only grand child. She's 3 and has asthma and allergy. #25thAmendmentnow.
How???
how are we supposed to fight a war when we're dying
U lost, amen.
Come on. Come. Fight back now.     The republicans are very sick
You can't fight against American's stupidity
They Will Pay For Paying This potus For his Audacious Demeaning Ugly Destructive Sick Way Of Ruining Our Country With That 50+1 Vote To HELL
I Watched When McCain Came 2 The Floor Knowing He Has The Best HC In This World + Rich As Hell! I Thought His Arrival Was A No But It Wasn't
Senator McCain Last Huge Act Was Heartbreaking Plain & Simple I Was Blown Away Knowing Your Vote Will Start The Demise Of The ACA Y? Senator
Wow, what war? Do you forget who you work for? The American people want debate! What has DNC or GOP done for US? Nothing! Short, NEW DEAL!
When will you all learn our president is trying to work and get us a better health care program. Work with him. Stop fighting him.
Fight. Filibuster. Persist.
I haven't felt so "attacked" since 9-11.
@SenFeinstein I believe it WRONG that Congress gets health insurance coverage average Americans *need* but don't have access to. Shame.
Impeach Trump!
Impeach Pence!
put the rest of the republicans on trial for treason!
Trump is the only one doing anything. GOP , DNC do nothing!
Senator Feinstein, please expose these weasels who have sold out - hand tough, we are with you till the end..
RIGHT.  No gonna happen now.  We see who every worships.  The Russian insert.  Why did you vote YES for Wray???  Really.
I feel broken
Thank you, Senator Feinstein. 
Just make sure that when democrats are returned to the majority that his bill is #RepealAndReplaced with #SinglePayer
Because we are tired of the excessive cost of healthcare.   We are getting robbed blind.
And we are tired of our health being held hostage to a political dogma.
And we are damned tired of the rich getting richer off the backs of the tired and poor.  This bill isn't about health.  It's #wealthcare
Please filibuster the fuck out of this bill! #SaveACA
Thank you
we lost this battle and Americans can do nothing to stop the war
You are not listening
you've lied to so many for so long, but you will be held accountable politically for what you've done
you're not going to be very effective from Idaho.
LOL gosh i'm just overwhelmed by your reply. #CantFixStupid
you're right - you can't fix stupid. So explain how you intend to influence Feinstein when you can't vote.
LOL i was born and raised in CA. it's not about MY influence it's about #Truth
I suspect you're only ability is to troll because you're useless for anything else.
I suspect you don't know much and think less.
I win.
We love you. So proud you are my Senator! Stay healthy.
...Then filibuster it, Senator.
Filibuster is not allowed this time.
That is not at all true. Filibusters are allowed at any time after the bill is up for debate.
Republicans chose an expedited procedural route to replace ACA in order to avoid a filibuster
We may have lost this battle, but the war continues! We must defeat the dangerous Republican effort to devastate health care!
Cower
