We're all watching.  Isn't the internet a beautiful thing? It helps keep Politicins honest. I await your response.
@SaveRChildrenCa @PGAngie1 @LibertyColumn @libertytarian @TrishaDishes @TheHoneybee_ @Thomas1774Paine @MrsJAB3 @CraigRSawyer @ProtestCPS https://twitter.com/FamUnite4Child/status/902484097150226435 …
Don't let them shut you up!
I think they performed a DNA kidnapping. I'm pretty shook up. I can't believe after 9 years I've finally figured it out.
Medical kidnapping here too.
Diane I'm very concerned for the president's mental Fitness but now I'm also concerned with yours.
It's very strange that Feinstein thinks trump can change. Something doesn't seem right.
After all the evidence of collusion, obstruction of justice, corruption, racism, you still think "Trump can be a good President?" Shameful.
Why are you sucking up to Trump? I'm sooooo disappointed. That really hurt. 
I can't obtain quality medical care until Congress fixes the mess that CPS made out of my medical records. I never even met those Doctors
LAST NIGHT Dana Rohrabacker just announced he is 99% confident the #Russia story was completing made up to steal the election from @POTUS
https://twitter.com/FamUnite4Child/status/902825969244749824 …
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qNAu9H4nxHM …
Senator please don't say anything nice about Trump EVER again. Thank you. Your base cannot stand him, and he is hurting us. Worst president.
Hate and resist is better than peace and tolerance right?
Hmm.. yup! Wayyyy better than tolerating a nazi sympathizer who actively promotes racism and sexism.
As a conservative Republican, I like that you seem to be respectful to President Trump. Liberals would do better if they followed your lead.
Please release the Dossier transcripts.
Why? Why did you imply benefit of the doubt?

Where do I sign up for the "Jew spitting" party? 
#JewGenes #12Tribes or #Khazar 
They is something wrong with you woman you people have made a mess of the united States not Donald Trump your sick insane you help cause it
The united States is shake and bake and you helped
What gets me when I have seen you on t.v when something is going on you are sitting there fucking nodding off i swear to god I saw it on t.v
You know it is the truth too and you want to take an inventory of trump you need take your own inventory for once
Happy Hour to you, Gracie. You're on today's Happy Hour hero marquee, w/a few other politically-incorrect pioneers.
Givin' up or bought? 
Give us a wink and a nod if it's neither.
Is Trump paying you or do you have dementia?
So disappointed that you ask for patience. Call for impeachment.

Time to retire. Out with the olds, in with anyone born after 1970
You want us to have patience with Trump? Who? The dreamers, Mexicans being deported, trans soldiers, women, our allies, or the environment?
Trump is pro-life. I will send his office copies of our communications if I don't hear back soon. Time is of essence.
You need to fix Obamacare. It's  crushing the lives of innocent Americans.
 “END HUMAN TRAFFICKING & #PEDOGATE PERPETRATED BY US GOV AGENCY CPS/DSS” by @FamUnite4Child
Tim Donnelly suggested I contact you. You were in my District. It was your duty to investigate when I contacted you 10 years ago. Shame on u

.@SenFeinstein I need you to seal the FALSE medical records CPS created so I can return to the USA 4 brain surgery. Can you handle that Di? https://twitter.com/FamUnite4Child/status/902934341486911488 …
You think Trump can change?!?!? I'm a CA voter and it's time for you to retire. You're out of touch w/ how extremely upset Dems are w/ him.
How exactly does a traitor, bigot, racist, narcissist, pathological liar change? Are you out of your mind? Time for you to step aside.
Why are u endorsing Trump? Dems need to play hardball against the orange peel; instead of hoping that he can be a good president.
He got to you didn't he? He isn't gonna change face the reality,are you that job scared. I lost faith in you doing your job..sad
Woman, have u lost your mind?! He can't be a good ANYTHING, but Prisoner. U sit your fossilized brain out, if u think he's STILL CAPABLE
Seriously, did you lose your fucking mind?
I will not accept that a traitor is going to be in office for the next 3+ years! I have 3 kids lady! You shouldn't lay down either!
I should hope so! A deal is a deal. Where's the mystery in that? 
If gov't can't make honest deals, how can its citizens be expected to?
Like it was the DOD's decision to take it from the military in the first place.  That was Congress FYI.
Trump "can be a good president"? Are you kidding me?! Delusional!
You lost my vote!
The State of California made money off my child. Hooray!  It's the least you can you Diane! Don't make me drag out evidence!
Jenny is now 25. But our medical records are screwed up due to a Corrupt CPS agency. I need those records SEALED so I can have surgery!
Remember me Diane? The Mother who called your office repeatedly in 2008-2009? Is this WHY my daughter was kidnapped?
CPS is snatching children based on their genes, even if they didn't inherit any congenial medical condition.  #DNA #bioethics #HumanRights https://twitter.com/FamUnite4Child/status/902835388795854848 …
The right thing to do.
Yep, a good decision by the DOD. A good decision by you is to not run for office ever again Ms. @SenFeinstein
U have had 24 yrs to fix immigration. Ask voters if you can PASS TAX REFORM. U don't care; I am native CA that has been hurt by their agenda
Yet 45 wants to cut funding! Patience you say!
When are you going to condemn the actions of AntiFA??  At his point, you clearly support their hate and violence against citizens and police
PLEASE retire -- your Trump comments were the proverbial straw. We thank you for your service, but GO!
The Don Jr. interview/testimony must be public and televised. Don't hide from the American people
Question when will the Republicans get on the stick IMPEACH Trump
Umm never?  Maybe in 7 1/2 more years. 
My god your too much talking about extra money for the hard working Americans doing there job don't need those comments
Senator Feinstein has a firm grasp on the obvious!  Where is her leadership on Free Speech on college campuses, I.e. Berkeley ?
Now let's get off the democrat division agenda and pay respect to descendants of our genocide! Native Americans,
Good job!
If you don't condemn they will eventually escalate to murder. All evil needs to succeed is for Senator Feinstein to do nothing.
Dianne denounce Antifa, a violent organization. You can not condemn others if you are silent about left hate groups.
This is good news senator keep up the good fight for the undeserved in this great USA
Relieved that our brave soldiers will finally receive their rightful bonus. Please make sure this never happens again to our heros!
Have you made your personal donation to the Red Cross to help out the Texans personal donation Feinstein
But wasn't it the Democrats that took this away? Like Obama?
Which U had nothing to do with
Absolutely. Great news.
Not a big problem with that so long as the ones keeping it were deployed  in harms way .if they were just stateside GIVE IT BACK
OMG...Feinstein is on the right side of an issue...for once.
Sen.Dianne Feinstein, of S.F. Calif. Good Tuesday
It is time for you to condemn Antifa.
