How about the TOTAL failure of the ACA - Are you completely blind to FACTS - You voted for a bill you did not read, now you are worried?
And when R U going to admit that ACA sucks because it is NOT AFFORDABLE? "U passed the ACA before you could find out what is in it"
Thank you Senator!
So grateful to you @SenFeinstein. Thank you, great lady of the Senate!
Thank you Senator Feinstein for your hard work on the healthcare issue.
WAIT, SO YOU HAVE TO *SEE* WHAT HE DID AT ALFA BANK??? WTF??? HAS OUR COUNTRY GONE MAD???
BREAKING: Feinstein statement details Benczkowski’s representation of Alfa Bank, and, wow. 
My full statement.  Thank You. Proud you are my senator.
Thank you for fighting for the people. Hopefully we can return to a more bipartisan approach and perhaps single payer healthcare in future.
Thank you!  We support responsible expansion of the ACA so that every American will have reasonable and full access to health care.
thank you Senator Feistein.
Thank you for your leadership and perseverance!
Thank you
Thank you so much!!
Agree w/U-ACA 4-ALL Americans+That incl'sYOU! @chuckschumer @johnmccain #WEthePPL insist +WILLpetition IF #YOUvote4itYouGOTit #DoUntoOthers
U DONTget2force us IN un-ACA+sit back w/STERLING benefits WE pay 4 #DoUntoOthers @POTUS @VP #TheyreNotLISTENING rule= #YOUvote4itYouGOTit 2
Now Senator, go get money launderer Trump, his kids, and cabinet, and put them all in jail... Make America Respected Again!
You have no idea what's about to happen!  #MAGA
Have fun watching ObamaCare implode little lady.
@bobschieffer @cbs made best suggestion: gather Senate women for bipartisan #healthcare committee to craft REAL plan. #AMJoy 
I agree as a Republican voter that the ACA needs to be improved significantly. We need more people on insurance, not less people.
Trump must eliminate congressional exemption from Obamacare.
Thank you from a 55 yr old who has lived for 47 healthy yrs with Type 1 diabetes because of access to great healthcare!
Thank you for standing firm for healthcare. Your leadership saved lives.
Have you considered putting together an alternative plan to fix the problems that Obamacare does have?
I get that Republicans won't give it the time of day, but a well considered, viable plan would give voters an alternative to this madness.
Thank you Senator.
Thank you
Thank you for fighting for us.
So proud to have you as my senator. Thank you for always fighting for us and for always keeping a level head.
Have to thank the three Republicans who voted no. Work with them make #AHCA better. People I know, there premiums unnecessarily went higher.
Do us all a favor and step off the curb! #MAGA
Good work Senator.
Thank you for fighting, Senator.
Thank you very much!
thank you. MY senator is diane feinstein
By the way the contributing Americans are really tired of your long-winded statements
Very good Senator I c you r ready 2 move forward & work with ALL of senate 2 improve ACA which we know is needed. Thanks 4 the hard work!
The American people won this morning with the FAILURE of the "Skinny Repeal" in the Senate!! Thank you for voting the interest of Americans.
The contributing Americans have spoken but you refuse to listen you have an agenda that's good for illegal immigrants MS-13 gang members
Thank you Senator...you are one amazing woman! You are so appreciated!
Thank You @SenFeinstein Senator and @SenKamalaHarris
Thank you for your consistent opposition to this misguided
Pence was ready to drop the guillotina on America tonight, but 3 brave GOP senators sent him home in defeat.
Thank you @SenFeinstein for your hard work on all of our behalf.
Thank you SO much Senator!
Single payer #healthcare Why protect the borders, build warheads, when we do not protect the most vulnerable? @SenJohnMcCain @SenSanders
Thank you 4 encouraging senators to speak to the actual ppl who need health care most and prof in medical field n not just ppl given them $
Thank you, Senator. Now, I won't call you until the next fight. So, Monday?
Thank you for standing up for us. Looking forward to seeing the bipartisan solutions to the weakest parts of ACA.
For all that you have done , I thank you!  If you can keep up the good fight than I will be fighting right beside you!!!
Thank you Senator
You've done such a great job. Your solid, low key, directness and your aplomb just cut through all the nonsense and get right to truth. TY.
Thank you! I hope all sides can now come together and do the real work to make our healthcare system better!
I love you. You're my hero.  Good night and thank you for all you do. I remember not long ago you rushing back from surgery too.
You can talk to me I have been a Nurse for 30 years my wife needs a heart transplant and has diabetes and neuropathy
We love you DiFi
Thank you Sen Feinstein!
I saw you clap when Senator McCain voted no. Did he surprise you?
Having READ your TWITTER  post as well,;Sen. Dianne Feinstein with you being so correct. The  Health Care Bill , (proposed) was a "KILLER"
Thank you for voting no!! So proud to have you as one of my Senators 
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU
Thank you Sen Feinstein!
Thank you Senator & please now work on fixing the ACA.
Thank you from Maryland! We needed every vote 
Thank you for your hard work and dedication to protecting our health care.
Thank you for your hard work. I'm not sure about other states, but Obamacare is great just the way it is in California!
Thank you so much, Senator.
So will we now see a serious bipartisan policy discussion on #healthcare ?  Bahaahaa!
Thank you
Thank you Senator Feinstein.
Thank you for your clear, competent work for the American people!
Thank you!  I look forward to real bipartisan work to improve the ACA.
Oh sorry Dear you still OWN Obamacare and have to explain the  you put on Working Class Americans
Alaskans have been among the hardest hit by #Obamacare’s failure. Premiums have tripled,  more than $8,000 for the average #Alaska family. 

During the last year of the Obama Administration, 83 insurers pulled out of the collapsing #Obamacare exchanges. 
Thank you, Senator. Thank you 
You have destroyed Americans today. So gloat all you want. Pay for all the illegals while Americans hurt. We will vote you out !
Thank you!
thank you!
Thank you Senator Feinstein!!!!  
Incredibly well said! 
Thank you, Senator! Couldn't be prouder to be a Californian.  And don't even THINK about retiring
Thank you for all your hard work and grit! Please work together to fix ACA! Health care is a human right!

It is sad that 2018 DEM victory caused so much anxiety to citizens

Thank you, not just from California, but from everywhere.

THANK YOU!!!!!
Thank you!!
