Besides Supreme Court there are 13 so guess they get some more chances? Maybe best of 13 contest?
Not unconstitutional as it's based on terrorist countries, not religion. Obama started the process.
He called it a Muslim ban. He left out countries like Saudi Arabia, who have sent actual terrorists (9-11) but also $ for Trump properties.
You claim it's a Muslim Ban? Wait.....so there's no Muslims in Saudi Arabia? What about Indonesia? Are there Muslims there? Are they banned?
Again, it's for countries that don't have vetting systems in place!  We dont know who is coming into our country!!
WE DO OUR OWN VETTING. We already don't let people into our country unless WE APPROVE THEM. America doesn't rely on others for this process.
And how do we vet refugees that have no documents? They can say whatever they want.
Thank you Mel for clarifying my point!  That's it in a nutshell!
S.O.C. will vote 5-4 to grant the President his Constitutional authority in suspending immigration from problematic nations.
Keep up the obstruction! When something awful happens as a result of some1 coming from or back from we will know who supported doing nothing
This was no surprise & we all expect it to go to the supreme Ct. why was it ok for obama to do it? I'm wondering what the diff is
Yes. Because let's follow your lead and allow them to do these things to us. No national security whatsoever. Let 'em in to kill us all.
Why are you so eager to give unvetted people from failed states access to our country? Please answer.
Winning
Not gonna happen commie. Remember when Obama stopped Arizona from blocking ILLIGALS. Look it up TRUMPS gonna trump that be appeals
By the way, Sen Feinstein, thank you for your service to our great state of CA, & to our nation. I'm so proud to live in CA!
Me too! Our Governor has our back also. We're very lucky. #greatStateofCalifornia
Senator Harris is just extraordinary...and Reps Adam Schiff, Maxine Waters, and Ted Lieu! Best of the best, all of them.
REALLY???waters???? She has done nothing for her district and likes in a 2million + $ house.  Keep up the good work
stop the shit...take it to the SCOTUS
We will also give you credit for any violent acts committed in the name of Islamism.
Sitting ducks.
If you do not succeed try, try again. #travelban
Starting 2 find you silly! Ninth district is not the Supreme Court even though they think so.  Hope tragedy doesn't strike while they delay.
Doubt it. Didn't R's vote 47 times to repeal Obamacare before 2016? Still can't do it even with both houses/prez. But true believers
Winning a couple battles isn't winning the war Napoleon! Liberal law making via Fed courts isn't permanent @TheDemocrats @SenateDems
good call
I hope not, we the citizens need to feel safe in our country! Everything now is nice and quiet in this country due to fear of being deported
One would think, but then again they keep trying to repeal the ACA.. 
From her lips to God's ears...
We need proper vetting, this gives agencies TIME they desperately need
We will see you in the Supreme Court.
I hope he keeps fighting the liberal courts until it gets to the SCOTUS. We have a president who won't back down.
Still a little group known as SCOTUS that would have final say.
Seditious conspiracy (18 U.S.C. § 2384) is a crime under United States law The president has the constitutional authority - this is politics
U might need to find out why they r doing it. It may surprise u.
Ms Feinstein, the crazy radicals in what religion are committing these terror attacks we r seeing? & why r they doing it? Do u know?
The Supreme Court will rule in favor of President Trump.  The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals is a kangaroo court zero credibility
It is not unconstitutional. You are so wrong
It just means liberal judges pushing their agenda over law #idiots #liberals
I respect the courts for having Trump accountable for his words in his campaign and his words spewed from his Twitter account.
I thought the ban was 2 b temporary so they cold develop new vetting procedures - have the procedures been developed
When a terrorist is at you, just remember you are on your own
The Supreme Court will uphold President Trump's travel ban. End of story
You know he will go to the SCOTUS in hopes his boy Gorsuch can swing the vote his way.
Insanity...
It was supposed to be a 90/120 day emergency ban from the initial EO. We're well passed both, so it unnecessary at this point?
SCOTUS will set these politicos with black robes straight.
while on the trump subject senator why do you feel we should help him by re-litigating the HRC, loreta lynch email saga investigated twice?!
don't u get it...Dianne does...for every Repub investigation, there has to be at least 3 Dem investigations...Feinstein is a TRUE PATRIOT
Not us, he has the right to put a travel ban, remember Obama did it... Every judge is a democrat, supporter, with their head up Obama's ass.
Supreme Court will rule for it.  Thank God.
making sad joke?  Trump will construct national emergency to invoke his "presidential powers". Not too difficult to extrapolate #TravelBan
Those fools are still chasing the ACA you really think they are going to stop this muslim ban-chase? Nope their Not!
Only the Supreme Court rules on the constitutionally of the law.  So, this is probably not the end.
I doubt it.
The courts have said that if it was President Obama (who suggested the same) and not trump they would vote differently. Two standards SMH
9th circuit doesn't count left wing idiots
But it isn't unconstitutional, the court is completely wrong and is a disgrace. Now everyone knows that.
Till it gets before the Conservative Supreme Court and maybe again after Ruth is gone 
We are not leaving National Security in your hands
If it was costing crooked Trump money 2 appeal,he would have stopped after the first but cause he's using tax payers money.it's all the way.
Thank so much for not giving a damn about me
Let's remember her emails!
You lost ,deal with it
Sadly the next terror on US soil will be blood on your hands
You hope. What a joke
Wishful thinking. Too many of his supporters urge him to press on. We must continue to push back.
Please go after Loretta Lynch.  She can't get away with telling Comey to go easy on Hillary.  Hillary also needs to be investigated
Unconstitutional on what grounds? Trump has plenary power, as you know, and SC will agree. This is just angry posturing to the base.
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/06/12/us/politics/trump-travel-ban-court-of-appeals.html?_r=0 …
@SaysHummingbird @SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP @ACLU @johnpodesta @senjudiciary @TheJusticeDept @DaShanneStokes @hrw
Trumps travel ban ... brought to you by Steve Bannon Productions.
Liberal judges that vote because of politics SUCK
A ban, is a ban is a ban. No sugar coating will change it.
We'll just have to wait and see if SCOTUS agrees to hear the case.
Doesn't make it any less safe either. Who's been the terrorists on American soil, as of late? Just asking for a friend.
You can't reason with crazy ma'am
Come on!  Support our president.
We'll see what loyalty buys him.
I sure hope all the immigrants move to your district or maybe even your neighborhood. Boy is that a good idea!
Don't count on it.U have a fascist on your hands in every historical sense.U had best help ur negligent GOP colleagues 2 grow some backbone
Part of his derangement is the inability to let go of things. He'll say it's a victory even when he fails. Lordy!!
Just can't Fix Stupid!
I hope each & everyone that wants this Banned remember they OWN the Blood & Deaths that are certain to come. Bigger & Worse.
REMEMBER 9/11?
Boy I hope the people of your state wake up
Nope
I hope it does not put an end to it,
Arent these the clowns that voted to repeal Obamacare like 70 times?
@Scotus knows it won't
Because liberal judges are reading something into the ban. We need serious vetting.
So, you want terrorists to come to our country?
'Hope' ?   There is no hope, we are looking at a dictator wannabe.  If he gets rid of Mueller, why try to pretend anymore.  Do something.
Nope. He'll push it to the Supreme Court and implement it regardless of any decision.
Of course it won't.  We have a crazy @Potus. He won't let this go but he is willing to take away healthcare from 23 million Americans easily
Dont dare him, Senator.
Or what?
Ever hear of the Supreme Court ??? Federal courts filled  with liberal Democratic judges !!
Bullies don't quit. He just does not grasp that a ban is unconstitutional and so very wrong.
Yes, especially for a president who calls Dems OBSTRUCTIONISTS- move on DT, you lost.
Proof the Obama administration uses the Bench as a political arm.  Justice is blind,  Feinstein is a partisan hack
Don't hold your breath
Enjoy while you can. The end is Supeme
supreme
I hope if there is an attack folks who blocked it feel the impact and not innocent lives trump is trying to protect.
Me, too.
Restrictions to 2A rights are unconstitutional. Hasn't stopped you...
typical flake
But its not a "travel ban", its only a "travel ban".
Supreme Court.
The night circuit court will lose in Supreme Court 
it does lose 80% of the time
It will end when Justice Neil Gorsuch has his chance to show his loyalty.
Liberal courts jokester
I am praying that this U.S. farcical nightmare will end sooner than later.
Quit being an obstructionist !!!
Hope springs eternal, but so does Trump's ego.
Really looking forward to your leadership this week Senator Feinstein. Thank you. @Michael36776349
Nope! S. Ct. Next.
#MuslimBan
@realDonaldTrump re-tweeted this as @POTUS making it an official statement. 

Theocracy is not one of the tenants of the Constitution …
The 9th Circuit would uphold fake rulings against anything Republican.  No big deal they think nothing of protecting citizens.
I hope he continues to tweet so he can dig a deeper hole for himself. Let's use his own words against him. It's his own doing, if he falls.
It's all about revenge now. He can't take no for a answer.
It won't be the end of it, knowing Trump! #DumbAsARock!
62 times is the charm, like repeal & replacement of Obamacare
TRUMP never puts an end to it, he stays up nights working on aged grievances and people who dared to say no to him..SICK TWISTED MAN!!!
Umm... I believe no one tells Trump no. He will keep it going until he figures out a way to abolish OUR constitution.
Tweeting how sorry she is about Pulse night club Islamic terrorism in the morning, asking for more terrorism my in the afternoon.
Doubtful. Those are all "so-called" courts....psssh
I pray it don't!
He wants to take to his "good friend" on SCOTUS 
Loyalty Pledge and all
All by liberal, anti American judges. #the9thcircuit
Hopefully Supreme court refuses to hear it. If so, they won't be wasting time on it.
On anyone, at any time he chooses
Unconstitutional by a bunch of brain dead liberal judges
We need to put an end to trump's presidency.  In the meantime, I am happy to see the checks and balances built into our system of govt.
It won't.
Trump will never give up.  Incase you haven't found out yet, it is his way or the highway.  Autocrats never quit.
No, he's going to waste taxpayer dollars (none of which are his) taking it to SCOTUS.
I want a ruling by the Supreme Court
You can't always get what you want. You've sung that phrase before, no?
I always get what I want cause I work for it and pay cash
#impeachTrump
tRUMP don't care,will file again cause ain't his $ he's spending on court proceedings/court costs cause he doesn't pay his rightful taxes
I won't
Whew! Glad that's settled... or is it? I doubt this is the last of this hateful piece of "legislation".
If Trump can't keep them out, He can just send them to California.
Oh dear there is that word HOPE again
I think it probably should be settled by SCOTUS
Would like to know if McCabe, Rosenstein, Coates, and Rogers answered the committee's questions in the closed session?
Please do not be disingenuous @SenFeinstein you sadden me. The constitutional issue is important and the underlying decision is for @SCOTUS
If any refugees commit acts of terror in the US, the blood of the innocent will be on your hands.
There isn't nothing wrong with president Trump travel ban it's not unconstitutional he trying to keep this country safe and you are not
I'm hoping the sky opens up and kruggerands rain down.

Unfortunately neither is likely.
Bahahaha!!! You said hope! Wonder how the Judicial Branch will take that? Not the end, Law your body wrote is pretty clear, thank you
@SenFeinstein from your tweet to God's ears.
We can only hope-but Trump says he never gives up. Maybe this will occupy him for his 4 years and he won't be able to do any more harm!
One more stop Diane, the USSC. 

Not likely..
It is time to call it what it is - a Muslim Ban. That is what he said he would do. It is religious discrimination, plain and simple.
Exactly, his supporters should think about this. His next Ban could be all men with Gray hair, with beards, wearing red shirts. . Think!!
Hmmm; excuse me while I go change my shirt.
 you know I was joking. However this is how strange it is. By the way I like your photo
I took it as a joke. 
the best thing that could happen, is for this to be run all over the country, so Americans see just where the Judiciary stands on our safety
I kind of like where it stands. I'd like to know where #45 stands. He never speaks out on acts of terrorism committed by White Supremists.
trump won't stop. His #GOP buddies have voted & tried to repeal or amend the Affordable Care Act more than 50x's since October 2009. #NoEnd
He says he is taking to the Supreme Court
How do non citizens have Constitutional Rights ?
Remember Prop 187 in Calif ?
Legislating from the Bench ,, again !
Forget Law 101, you need remedial English. Then read the Constitution. It's pretty clear.
tRump probably feels vindicated by this win... 
I'm guessing he will try again.  He loves to have a wedge issue that gets his base riled up. This is a 2 4 1. They hate the courts & Muslims
not really. Put it before a less liberal court and see what happens. SCOTUS will fix it
Are u kidding me. His #Trumpcastery regarding this travel ban is like everything else. Waste our money until he gets his way. #megalomaniac
Isn't it just a waste of taxpayer money to pursue this further?
Yes it is. He does not care. He is a #megalomaniac
I see what you did there!
#hope
That's what I'd call a real covfefe
Only problem is.... it's NOT unconstitutional to ban terrorists. Stop endangering american citizens
Think about what you just wrote. The ban isn't  on terrorism, it is religion. As seen in other countries. Terrorists usually born in country
Senator Feinstein. Americans would like an accounting of Taxpayer funded Travel Ban & Emoluments defenses.
I would love an accounting of everything Trump. His #Trumpcasterfies have cost us more money than hiring 2000 FTEs in the government.
Yes. I would like that just as much as his tax returns! How many weekends has he spent on vacation?
Nah. He's a zombie on certain things. Just won't drop them.
Too much wasted time.
Unfortunately with little hands egomaniac T-Rumpy at the helm there is no way of this. 
Nope
It's on our dime so he doesn't care
SCOTUS will put an end to it & humiliate the partisan, activist clowns in black dresses that soil the name "judge".
Girl u know it won't 
It is more likely to continued until the judges arms tire of slapping it down.
All liberal judges of course are going to vote against it.
The first judges to strike it down were conservative Bush appointees, but thanks for playing.
Yeah, um ... 'Benghazi' ringing any bells? Stupid knows no limits.
It won't.  He can't handle losing. His ego would go unsatisfied.
His ego is #megalomaniac remember that word. When he goes bat crazy because he doesn't get his way. That will be part of his diagnosis.
Is the report of US using white phosphorus in Syria true?
It took 6 years to get him to shut up about birtherism!!
It won't.
