
Peepers claimed themselves rigorous salespeople selling whether they have jobs or not regardless of their own sexual orientations.

Peepers claimed trying to explode me with hateful noise. The winning song is Bill Medley The Righteous Brothers Try To Find Another Woman.

Peepers claimed themselves Prudential Life insurance salespeople funding psychiatrically transforming gay people into straight people.

Peepers claimed a filing of all gay adults as missing children discriminated against to make them show strangers their own naked bodies.

A peeper claimed studying why I look so good to her, but if law enforcement officers allow her to point a spy at me, they condone ignorance.

Peepers claimed themselves models trying to sway me into liking their own model shots.

My bags are too heavy for me to carry all the way home after midnight. How do I make my own local Golden Empire Transit bus 24/7 year-round?

A peeper claimed, "I'm sorry. I put you in a program of retribution, to study retribution, and I'm evil, actually,. but they don't know it."
These creeps won't be happy until every single beautiful spot in this world is paved over, spoiled, denuded or torn down... all for money 
Oil is a manageable risk.  Economic benefits are certain.  Drill baby drill...!
We need our own energy independence


Sen. Feinstein thank you to you and all who are standing up to them. They've basically declared war on the environment, animals & life.
We don’t want political favors to go to spouses either.  Too late.
Is there NOTHING he wants to destroy???
That's exactly how I feel.Everything is about hate and destroying instead of bringing the country/world together.
Agreed.  it's so depressing.
It really is.Since he got in office my stress level has literally been out of control.
Stress, anxiety, depression. Ever since that dreadful night in November, I've felt as though I was punched in the heart & haven't recovered
The continual trolls nastiness is hard too! I am bad...I get nasty back.  Hey...does that make me a "Nasty Woman"? Where is my t-shirt?
I have my days where I will argue back but dude basically said I should go blow my head off
Lol yes u qualify for a nasty woman Tee
Yeah thank you I am in grrrrreat company!
And you should retire!
We have to get some big investors like Gates/Buffett,etc, to push for renewable like Elon Musk is doing.
Good Lord, yes. How much longer will you tolerate this insane man. Then again, wasn't the Valdez an Exxon ship? Duh
Well considering that ca is the worst state in the union financially,energy independence is key instead of pot that will ruin land
Biggest problem in California is fresh water. 3-way race: Drinking water, water for agricultural purposes, three = all other uses!
Can't agree with Californians more. There is no need for more off-shore exploration and development. Solar & wind does quite well

...that time the Democrats basically turned their backs on N. Korea to let them build nukes and now want to bait @Potus to strike. NO.
What about all the filth that gushes into the CA coastal waters every time it rains in Tijuana? What are you doing to clean that up? Nothing

Diane, snorkeled Monterey Bay. Thank God for rental dive suit since water is quite chilly I was excited to see the sea life. Fantastic
Not for oil and $$$$$
What a bunch of liberal nuts!
Opppse drilling on California coast. Pursue alternate energy strategies.
Why don't YOU back off. Stop threatening him. Your party of freaks & weirdos keep losing because no one cares what you say. Just shut up!!!!
Greed, cynicism & climate denial drive this push to repeal environmental regulations. We & rest of world must enforce Paris accord.
Trump & his buddy @EPAScottPruitt care about nothing except lining their pockets w/taxpayers $$. Protect our state & oceans from this admin.
NO, No, No drilling! #ProtectMarineSanctuaries
Thank you, Senator Feinstein! We're counting on you to continue fighting the good fight on our behalf.
Weird how Trump thinks any states actually want that
We shouldn't want it anywhere nor should we want pipelines and/or fracking.
We'll be lucky if we have a country left when this guy leaves office. Hopefully it's sooner than later. He is an amoral 1 man wrecking crew.
Senator Feinstein, You need to retire!  Let someone with youth, passion, new ideas replace you.  You are completely out of touch with voters
@SenFeinstein & @KamalaHarris, please fight for this. It is our responsibility 2 conserve for future generations.Donnie doesn't belong here.
*back = f..k
Not In NJ either @CoryBooker & @SenatorMenendez. Protect our tourist attracting coast & wildlife against GOP assault
Feinstein needs to go away
Right, like making million$ of dollar$ is going to be $topped for de$poiling wetland$,and $anctuaries...
WE WERE NOT SO LUCKY AT OUR GULF SHORE IN TEXAS THANKS TO THAT PRICK BUSH LETTING BRITISH PETROLEUM OPERATE A 3RD WORLD TRASH DRILLING OP.
..WHICH TRAGICALLY LED TO THE WORLD'S WORST OIL SPILL IN HISTORY
KILLING OIL RIG WORKERS & MARINE & BIRD LIFE IN THE WHOLE GULF OF TEXAS.
BUT THOSE WRETCHED GOPIG SELLOUT FILTH GOT THEIR KICK BACKS. ALL THE RELATED FISHING INDUSTRIES STILL HAVE NOT RECOVERED, IF EVER..
There now is no doubt that 45 has 'something' or a serious mental problem to be consistently so vindictive against everything good. Evil.
(Unrelated)
You should retire to a nice, quiet asylum somewhere...and take Pelosi with you.
Thanks
Close. They should **** off.
Now Trump is going to do it because you have objections it's a matter of principle to him
Thank you @SenFeinstein, Americans living far from the Pacific coast also want these precious coastal areas protected.
You need to fight for our State.
@MeetThePess Sunday, Sen. Dianne Feinstein of S.F. California, Watching Now
We aren't staying away. We are coming to drain California sewer. You guys have a lot of dirty rats infesting our country
Yet all along the coast in California is there are oil drilling rigs.  Please senator explain that to us.
WTFAUTA?
In Florida, there's alot of us that DON'T WANT OFFSHORE OIL DRILLING either! The erosion from all the Along Shore BUILDING has Destroyed Enf
They are not yours. You west coast airheads have destroyed your own state with poor policies. Hard to respect any of your decisions.
based on....
Dia says as she flies around in her jet..
We don't need offshore oil drilling. They should put money into renewable technology!
We don't want it in Florida either but  we have Rubio pushing for it. Disgusting!
Y l
In our America we don't want sanctuary cities
Offshore polluting.
Question: is that Steamer's Cove in Santa Cruz? Looks *really* familiar.
Not sure. Visited, but tweet came from LA friend. It does look familiar!!! I was thinking same!!!
No
How do you feel about losing your job when California secedes?
Yes stick to NIMBY policies so some 3rd World country deals w/ a spill so limo activists aren't inconvenienced #hypocrites
That's what you get from a guy who lives in a high rise tower and golf courses. No connection to the natural world.
Sorry Sen! Those sanctuaries are harboring fish who entered the U.S. illegally. There can be no sanctuary for them. Have to tuna 'em back!
Maybe you can get a deal for it as you did for your husband for him to sell the post offices and make a few more millions
@JerryBrownGov @SenKamalaHarris yeah we only want the highest gas tax in the country.
Dirty up his FL @realDonaldTrump
Why not use colorful English they understand like, "You m. f.. get the f..out of here" as Repub has accepted it as normal and formal usage.
North Carolina doesn't either!! Stay away from our shores Trump and you bunch of crooks!
hey did DT sign the Russian Sanctions bill yet?
Yes, exactly. And so should Gov. Brown w his fracking ideas off shore.
Tubby needs to back off 
Well too bad, Kennedy's did not want wind turbines off their coast, spoiled the view. They lost. Gee you got Oakland, it's all ready trashed
@realDonaldTrump This!!!!
I swam in a sanctuary today, so much life out there and so beautiful and peaceful.  Trump wants to destroy what is sacred to us.
They are trying to destroy everything, we have to stop them
Trump administration should disappear.
They will do it to piss you off destroying the coast of a "blue" state is just a bonus!
They think everyone puts $$ ahead of everything! It's sad @SenFeinstein and I hope California stands up to this administration! #NEEDTHEEPA
How do you know what we want? You are so out of touch with Ca. You need to retire. At least Boxer had enough sense to retire
I remember all the black tar that used to be all over the so cal beaches and 360 days a year in breathable air. Pls don't go back there!
Feinstein is right donnie you think you've seen protests try &touch our MARINE SANCTUARIES! HAVEN'T U HEARD? FOS FUELS ARE SO LAST CENTURY!
Everything is a Sanctuary to you lady. Maybe you'll get lucky & Calif will get cut off from rest of country by a Big Sanctuary Earthquake
Comment deadline now Aug. 14 on Trump plan to expand oil & gas drilling in 11 National Marine Sanctuaries/Monuments. http://bit.ly/2w1zcUr 
God will eventually say, no, don't think so...it's coming...justice, truth...it's coming for certain.
Creating new jobs and bolstering our economy, all while pushing us off foreign oil? How much money are you getting from Private donators?
Exactly!
Oh no, we can't allow this to happen.  That orange POS needs to leave CA alone.
I'm having Calexit dreams again.
FIGHT! FIGHT!!!!
Get us off foreign oil!!!
Hawaii either! Thank you @maziehirono @brianschatz.  Shame on @TulsiGabbard and @RepHanabusa.
100% correct. leave our marine sanctuaries alone.
California coastline is very important to leave it alone!
Take your tiny, dirty HANDS OFF #CALIFORNIA, #Trump 

#OceanLife #MarineSanctuaries #HandsOffCA #NoOffshoreDrilling
wrong.
In the rest of America we don't want CALIFORNIA
Senator our Marine Sanctuaries should be expanded and protected in perpetuity- given wilderness status.
No drilling off of Florida either. What are these people thinking? Do they think at all?
Why don't you take care of San Francisco sanctuary city problem... Dianne ??
No we don't- we do want Ryan zinke removed from his position & Trump impeached. The lying POS better not EVEN TRY to touch my ocean. 
Start walking then you hypocrites!!
No  offshore oil!!! No
drill baby drill. 
Good luck lady you do want gas for your cars you do want illegal or I'm sorry undocumented people and weed P.S. it's America not Calmerica.
Yes we do. Drill. Put up wind mills in the ocean be proactive not regressive
No way this is going to happen
That's it! Keep buying oil from the terrorist- to hell with US energy independence.
We will be like Mars if this keeps up
I lived in Santa Barbara in the 1960s where oil drilling leaks left tar all over Goleta Beach.
Dianne you said you would leave the country if Trump were elected He is our president not you Please consider susscession as an option 4 CA.
No No No to offshore drilling! Keep our #publiclands for the people & our marine sanctuaries protected
Let's see how long that last when the flow of oil is turned off to Calif.
And we DON'T want a desalinization plant on the Orange County coast either.  We will continue to conserve water. Thanks.
You folks need to do something out in prune land.  Gas is $1.5 higher than in Texas
You have very little electric generation plants as you import some 80%...ur headed for a major power blackout...
How can a person be such an aggregation of the wrongs?
We need oil. Green energy is not ready ty o use
Things are different today we elected Trump because we wanted change we want the jobs we want the dims out of our pocket
He is like a tidal wave destroying everything in it's path- going nowhere-yet diminishing everything it touches.
Not NOW, not EVER! thank you Senator Feinstein for opposing this moronic idea!
Yes I do! You know that it can be done without endangering the ocean, but you can't help but to pander to the Sierra Club not jobs.
Make him back off please!
"MAY"face new drilling threat 
Says an "unknown"source 
#PoliticiansAreCriminals
https://youtu.be/5r9jqjg4Oh8  worthy of watching
I don't want to live in California anymore
#StateofJefferson
Bu-bye Felicia
No drilling off our coast. We started environmental movement in 1961 at Bodega Head - we will not stop now! Thank you, Senator!
Thank you
Coastal invest in wave/tide,solar/wind,geothermal
Make cities energy coops.rooftops solar/wind gardens add http://geothermal.off  foreign oil in a yr.light & protect cuties same time.
NO NO NO!!!
Same here in Florida. Jeb stopped W but Prick Scott would drive the boat
Good ole Rex
Or the Gulf. The lame Alt Energy BALK is reconfiguring the grid. We're Americans  GRID RESTRUCTURE would EMPLOY MORE PEOPLE THAN A WALL
POTUS Wil not back off unless it affects HIS bottom line. Hit him where it hurts HIM!
These fragile areas are the wombs of life
45 doesnt care. Bc he doesnt know what he's doing he's just undoing everything Obama did. Glad to see Dems & GOP standing up to him

Put that oil drilling right at Mar-A-Lago @realDonaldTrump @POTUS You are a Whack-a-Doodle Nut Job!!!
Either we drill for it and suck it out of the ground or it will wash up on our beaches.
He has every intention of punishing CA!
Wrong in my part of California we want energy for the country to be independent of the bad guys of the world. Keep your marine sanctuary
In your part of CA, there could be HUGE solar farms for affordable, renewable energy. Let's do that instead of ruining our pristine coasts.
Mr. Golf,
I strongly disagree. 
Lately, no need 2 look beyond Golf Courses 2 rid the US of the biggest threat we have faced since 1776.
But we want as much gas as we can get
We don't want them in NJ either.
Of course. Nobody should. Our oceans should be protected and states like New Jersey especially with its seasides should be protected.
I will back you on this one.
You have no say with a government that is as bad as North Korea dictatorship! Do as I say & not as I do! #lookingafterNo1
Back off of Florida too. Don't even think about it. Tourism, not oil, is our life.
We have new technology now where it can be done safely that we didn't have 20 years ago senator your the one that needs to back off.
These are American resources, not Californian resources.
Why don't they have Chris Christie to move his fat arse so they can drill there?
Agreed! Oil is over! By the time they could start to drill most cars will be alt fuel. Move America Forward Again!  Not backward! #MAFA!
Keep bankrupting your state
@kurtisalexander YOU TELL 'EM!! Totally agree Senator Feinstein!! Protect our Pacific Ocean!!!
AMEN DO I HEAR A HALLELUJAH
Hallelujah!
Always sweet to get a HALLELUJAH From a POPE 
He doesn't care
He has no respect for anything. We need to revoke him & his rotten families citizenship he's a cancer on the American people
ABSOLUTELY
yes we do!, Drill baby Drill. Drill our portion of the oil and stop messing up other states and countries to give California's oil
Senator Feinstein, IT'S TIME TO DUMP THE GOP IN 2018 PLEASE SPREAD THE WORD WITH THIS BUMPER STICKER PLEASE RETWEET TO ALL YOUR FOLLOWERS
Prepare a response that will work, I suspect this is only one thing.
No American wants those pristine waters put at risk, Senator Feinstein. Thank you for protecting our nation's resources for all Americans!
Protecting the planet we live on is not a partisan issue that is up for debate. It's a responsibility we ALL must share. No drilling.
We must protect California 's unique geology, flora and fauna. Once gone it's gone forever. Hands off our state.
I'm sure it's fine in someone else's backyard,  though!
Chevron lobbying in the state is huge. #fracking must be banned
@ Asilomar right now. It's a little piece of heaven #nodownsizing #nodrilling
Agree @SenFeinstein but we have elected idiots like @DanaRohrabacher  that is a Yuge #ClimateChangeDenier 

@IndivisibleCA48
Join Mexico & see what rights you will not hacpve retire out of touch with reality 
So the environment is more important than self reliant energy
@POTUS wants to expand off shore drilling despite Congress failure to + safety standards since BP. Review 2010 '11 news clips of BP disaster

#StopFracking stop taking MMR money. Stop ALEC. Need Sunshine Law to open up secret meetings btw corporate model bill writers & legislators.
Your about your " Sanctuaries" !
No we do not want. Any CA natural resources $ made should go to paying for CA infrastructure and healthcare, not big oil companies.
I'm a Californian. I want drilling.
But you DO want illegals roaming the streets molesting, stealing and killing people. Got it.
Dear Senator Feinstein, CA makes up >12% of US population and is a donor State who didn't vote for Trump. PLEASE help us protect California
And how much of the oil does 12% ( California) consume with your huge houses, cars and recreation? Why does 12% of the population say all?
400B+ in federal tax 'donations', 5th largest GDP Worldwide? 
Taxation w/o representation ring any bells with you?
Thank you for responding. I am impressed by your clarification on what I meant by "A Donor State who didn't vote for Trump".
No worries.
Apparently still a few trumpers/GOP/red states that think Koch donors of paltry 400M should outweigh CA donors of BILLIONS.
We need to better protect our waters. I feel we are moving backwards. Thank you for fighting for us.
Don't want oil drilling in ANY sanctuaries. Let's work on the development of renewable energy sources. This is the 21st century. Thank you.
Sucks to be you
I'm in NC. @RoyCooperNC is working on blocking offshore drilling here, but I think it'll be a hard fought battle, as we're mostly red. 
Do you hear us, @EPAScottPruitt, @SecretaryPerry,
@SecretaryZinke, @realDonaldTrump @VP ?
Keep your oily corporate comrades off our coasts.
