
Your point, sir?  (Whiskey or just scotch?)
All. Just a sip or two. Daily.  Sheep dip in hand. 
You'll have to educate me on sheep dip. Can't say I've ever heard of that.

Stop fear-mongering. States will have flexibility to tailor heathcare provisions as needed.  After Obamacare, we don't believe Dems at all.
States will have freedom to tailor out of pre-existing conditions and for higher CEO pay?  No thanks. 7 years and NO ideas? Can't trust GOP!
You already know you can't trust Dems.  Look at all the lies about Obamacare. It will be easier to get state officials to do HC than Feds.
Easier?  Just the same old partisan slog x 50.  Neither party nor level of government is exempt from compulsively lying.  Actions over words
I just realized now I'm smarter than the Senator from California. Do us a favor and educate yourself.
OMG!  That's all they care about is $$$$$$. Please STOP this!!
Read the paragraph she posted again.
And you think Obamacare is better?  Your thinking is twisted.
It's just ridiculous that this is even being considered
If you say so. Gibberish to me.
Please use every tool in your arsenal to defeat this horrible bill
Yeah that's really what that says.  I couldn't find CEO in there anyplace 
Where were you people when the ACA was passed with all the lies?  #pathetic
Diane, your plan is dead! Quit complaining and be part of the solution. Geez!
Disgrace of worst kind- duplicity,lies,callousness,meanness,all for power&money @ expense of our less well-off. Shameful abuse of office.
Those administration costs are what increased cost for those who still support repeal of ACA. Their employer-group plans are ASOs mostly.
And how much do you make? No taxpayer money for congressional healthcare. Trump use your pen.
Nothings good in this bill!! There should be a board of independent DR's & Insurers advising on it not politician/doctors up for election!
#killthebill #protectourcare @senategop @SenTedCruz @housegop @JohnCornyn @JudgeCarter #grahamcassidyNO #dobetter @vp
Just what we don't need more fine print created by Administrators w/their head's up their a$$!
Are you telling me you can “see what’s in it” without passing it? I thought you had to pass it to see what it says.
that is far better than having Obama, Gruber and Emanuel running the show from Washington
Deede, Why would states do that?
Stand strong Senator.  We need you as a respected legislator. Thank you.
@LindseyGrahamSC @BillCassidy @SenateGOP Cruel, Incompetent, Liars!
False
Your opinion lost its value a long time ago.
And start caring about the ppl and not your doners. Vote them all out if they can't do the job. We pay her to work for us. Not her doners
Charge than you loser healthcare.  They won't do that! Why! Bc of the doners that keep them in money and power. So stop the bull crap,
Pay the bill for health crisis of others. But they want ppl to pay big time for it, lower the cost of what pharmaceutical and hospitals
If the democrats and republicans cared about it they would find away to get great healthcare for all and stop making healthy ppl
THIS is insanity. What Senator would EVER vote for this bill? Regardless of party, this is toxic
Ridiculous
Please run out the clock! No sleep for any Democratic senators until deathcare bill is defeated. Millions lose health insurance! Many die!
It reads like a massive reach-around.
you not trust states legislation? "Our goal is by 2026 to make sure every state gets the same contribution roughly from the fed government."
Because all the CEO's really should have summer homes, luxury vacations  and  yachts.
Huh? I have no idea what that passage from the bill means. Plain English legislation would be a wonderful thing!
Quit acting like you give a s*** if you gave a s*** about the American people you'd be on board with Medicare for all
"... less than a certain percentage." Well, I'm glad they cleared that up.
You don't represent any of us except your own corrupt interests.
Bernies bill would throw 100M Americans off their employer provided health care and cost taxpayers an estimated 32 trillion over a decade!!!
People dont work for free.
This should be illegal!
Call (202) 224-3121 share UR story. I called Sen Burr & Tillis & broke into tears (had not planned to) WAS TOLD HAVE PEOPLE CALL w/ stories!
How is such treachery tolerated? 
will California allow it?
Your husband should like that part.
Are you afraid that Democrats will spend less on health care, Senator?
Don't you trust your own political party?  Are they that crooked?
Well that explains that gives CEOs and companies more money that way they can buy more representatives  to pass thier legislation at r cost
And how does this help the people?! Mind boggling
Nobody cares about the peasants. This administration flies charter.
beyond disgusting!
They have no shame
What else do you expect? This is what #maga means. Less governance more business.
Is this english?
And yet many of the insurers still think it's a bad idea.
now they've got a shot at being a rich are senators
And how will that differ single payer.
Jobs!  
Jobs!
Jobs!
Healthcare? 
Not so much.
@GOP please read!!
FACT: OBAMACARE IS DYING ! MY CO-PAYS AND PREMIUMS HAVE INCREASED.
True. Mine are astronomical and it doesn't cover much.
Why do Republicans love welfare so much?
Does our population know how to read?!!!  Hell no on this bill!!!!!
Disgusting!
Call (202) 224-3121 share UR story. I called Sen Burr & Tillis & broke into tears (had not planned to) WAS TOLD HAVE PEOPLE CALL w/ stories!
Who are the Koch brothers? http://to.pbs.org/2xtDbge  via @NewsHour Let's save& us, stop using Koch Brawny paper towels  & Dixie cups, save 
