Medicaid helps individuals with disabilities lead full lives. Protecting it is about defending the rights of all disabled people.
A few weeks ago at @UCSFChildrens in San Francisco I met with three mothers—Kristin, Sally and Nina.
Nina’s son Drew has cerebral palsy. Medicaid ensures he can live at home by providing in-home nursing care.
When I asked Nina how she and Drew cope, she told me that you simply live the life you have. That’s great advice for us all.
We have an obligation to protect health care for those with disabilities. They deserve the opportunity to lead their best lives. #SaveACA
What? Just for the those with disabilities? How about for all Americans sweet heart.
Appreciate your effort to vall the deplorables out.
#SinglePayer
But what do I know, I was only a healthcare administrator for a couple DECADES 
It is about time you actually worked to achieve something on this note.
Are you paying for it?
Finally- A Bill to get behind rather than just fighting GOP bills
DISSBILITY HAS BECOME A FRAUDULENT BUSINESS IN AMERICA AND AN EXCUSE NOT TO WORK.
Thank you! Thank you!  We must protect the most vulnerable! @JerryMoran
Good luck. @GOP doesn't seem to be open and transparent about killing Americans.
Seriously?? We have the nightmare of Obamacare & you have the Gaul to blame the GOP? U can't be serious.
Dems are standing strong on behalf of the Smerican people
Puhleeze like you give a damn abt people
As an elderly man on SSDI: Thank you for standing up for all of us!
Are you and your senate paying for it?
If you said that this amendment came from a Republican, I bet your fellow Democrats would vote against it.
Do it now
Thank you! Please give us an idea of how the Dems will fix ACA problems! That would be refreshing! And I support the Dems all the way!
As long as Democrats obey rules and GOP doesn't-we lose. America loses. Tough love and tit-4-tat is required. Stop backing down 2 bullies
What are you going to do about protecting taxpayers and vets with pre-existing conditions? How will you keep care accessible?
#resist
No wonder Repubs. laugh at us. They stomp all over everything and get away with it.......Shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit !!!
Really.....What the fck are we about...?
This is the best time for Dems.to be demanding single payer universal health care for all...
Grow a spine ! What are we about...?
WTF......!!!!!...
So sad.........
What a shame.....How could these Repub. thugs control the cong...senate and presidency....How Can THIS BE ?
Unbelievable......Wimps.....!!!
No wonder these Repubs. Win......You're
weak and too quiet. .......you don't really know how to fight. I'm a Dem. but what a
wimpy bunch.!!!
Great......so they will call it Trump care, erase Obama from his sig. legislation and you still wont get any credit for your amendment. Crap

thank you!!!  My son has HCBS waiver and I'm just terrified he'll lose it.
Now you're getting involved? Better sooner than later I guess! 
What have you been doing? Soon is not fast enough. Did it interrupt you old age nap? Step down and give your job to someone who cares!
Employed, I was covered for years.  As soon as I started my own company and tried to buy my own coverage it was a nightmare.
What about my guaranteed right to buy my own health insurance for a reasonable price?  Until the ACA that right wasn't guaranteed under law.
THANK YOU. I have a disabled child. Please protect him.
You realize that it's not enough? I have a friend, not yet disabled, who was diagnosed w a tumor a few years ago. Works ft+, no insurance.
And is a parent. How to explain to that child someday why Mom died?
Thank you!!
DO IT!
TY. Yes time to remember the long range strategic plan from #ACA. The infrastructure works need to work within it & not waste the $1B on it
thank you so much for bringing our concerns directly to the floor of the Senate
My son is disabled.. Thank you please dont give up
Thank you, @SenFeinstein. I'm proud to say that I voted for you.
SEN. FEINSTEIN, DON'T BELIEVE OR TRUST A WORD THE GOP WRITES OR SPOUTS FROM THEIR LYING NON-INTELLIGENT SUB-HUMAN BRAINS 
And please safeguard 'pre-existing conditions' -- that all of us, as women, would fail -- if the #GOP has their way.
That's awesome news for many families! What about the rest of us middle class losers? Why are we always the ones who get no break.
Our most vulnerable should be protected!
Thanks so much for all you're doing & for keeping us informed as events unfold.
Thank you. Stressing the disabled for six months as @potus has is dangerous to their wellbeing.
Thank you!
Thank you
Can you please work on impeaching this terrible person
Thank you.  
Please explore #SinglePayer
Stopped screwing around. Be bold. it's time for the richest nation to have universal healthcare like the rest of the civilized world.
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you @SenFeinstein #noACARepeal
Oh Thank you!  Not your constituent but my Democrat Senator @clairecmc isn't giving updates.
I have a disabled grandson who has Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy and relys on Medicaid.  #Savehiscare @clairecmc
Keep up the good work!
Thank you. More @SenateDems need to be vocal about bringing forth Amendments.
Thanks much for your good work from this RI momma w/ a daughter and her family now in CA.  You're wonderful!
Yes! I have an adult son with downs syndrome and we rely a lot on local regional centers. Good news Dianne, thank you!
My family does too. My daughter is autistic. We need MediCal to continue.
Awesome! It's about time someone took a step to end this divide!! That is not why you guys were sent there!
It can't come soon enough!
What about people with pre existing condition ? We cant effort to lose coverage or pay more that we pay with ACA !! #saveACa. Kill TRUMPCARE
Good good good.
What the hell do you mean "protect those with disabilities?" How much more are we supposed to do? Admit it, you're all about socialism.
Thank you.

