I guess i need to quit my job and give up.
Hey, Medicaid is being cut.  It will not be easy to get any help there.
I was being sarcastic...
Sorry...Twitter needs a sarcasm font. I do apologize.
No. It was one of those half kidding/half serious tweets. I literally don't know what to do anymore. Ecuador is looking like an option.
I used to be optimistic. I trusted our government to do the right thing no matter which party was in power. Now, the GOP is cruel &demented!
We are weighing our options. Sad, as I am a descendent of actual pilgrims fleeing England. I'm looking to flee for the same reasons.
Mine came early, too. They were mostly indentured & came to escape abject poverty in Great Britain. I love my country. He’s destroying it.
I am middle class and my premium and deductible doubled under aca. Anything will be better than what we have now
Never say  just “anything” will be better. Wait & see. You hope it will be better. I hope it will be better. I really doubt it.
You might be right I don't rely on g-ment for anything productive I make my own way. That's why we joined a healthshare
I hope that works well for you.  My friend did fine with that until she developed breast cancer.
Congress screwed up healthcare. Why don't congress fix it or not get s paycheck and pay for there own healthcare
They wouldn't fix it because they get some sort of kickback for it being a law
And this is why Trump is our president, government doesn't work for the people.
It's supposed to but they think we go to work for them, but in reality they actually work for us. We don't have leaders besides potus
That's why they need to be thrown out on there asses
Frustrating. Thanks for fighting.
she's not fighting, she's just talking.

Bull, the middle class is the one hit hardest because of the gov subsidies because they did not get it , because we make too much money
Liar
Trumpinhood? Rob the middle class & give2the rich, &modicum of poor?  Did Trump LIE when he claimed 2B helping the People? Who's theSOB Now?
Of course! You know the old adage: The wealthy don’t pay taxes, and the poor can’t, so..,”
With ACA many increases were 100%, 25% persent would be a blessing for those with preexisting conditions.  The rest will pay much less.
Over 560,000 doctors agree that the executive order on healthcare will hurt Americans https://www.acponline.org/acp-newsroom/group-of-6-statement-on-president-trumps-health-care-executive-order …
Yes.  Let's go full on Communism.
By doing away with the subsidies it will make it more competitive !!!! And save the tax payers money
You're so smart, fix the problem. Repeal ACA.
So get in there and work to fix it. Fund the subsidies through congress or make the Republicans vote against it & show their true colors.
The time for single payer is now. There is no way to “fix” a for profit health insurance system. We will pay 25% more for subpar health insurance. My husband and I are looking at foreign health insurance because it offers more than we can find/afford in the us.
single payer? Who do you think will pay for that?
Where do you get these figures from, Dianne?
Everyone needs to be more rigorous about documenting their figures - too much fabricated news lately.
My daughter's blood will be on his hands!!!  She has Crohn's Disease without medical care she could die!!!!  #ACAsabotage
All my hope's & prayers from Canada. The costs are ridiculous, let alone the #ACAsabatoge. Legal theft at both ends. Ahh! God bless.
If you'd let us know what was in the bill BEFORE you passed it we might not be here
Liar
While medigap policy premiums rose, highly paid insurance CEOs made no move against drug prices (or their rates). They had a chance to help.
By sabotage do you mean ending the funding that courts ruled is unconstitutional?
Um so who is going to cover my food or Rent?? Homeless will be my next option, right??
No one will cover your food or rent. Republicans feel everyone should live or not live on what they make. Ask Paul Ryan & Rand Paul.
Senator all loses with this swipe of the Dotard pen! He is a vengeful pathetic man who hates anything Obama’s did unstable #25thAmemdment
You are just repeating what you heard, but it's not true. If you really knew, you'd know she's lying
Not if you step in and work WITH POTUS to draw up a better plan. Work for us, ALL of us, not just your party!
Dear Senator,  my insurance went from $860 a month to $1,410 AVMED
It will be cheaper if I die.
Please make a Miracle.
that is a blatant lie, Senator.  What about Obama's claim in 2010 that the average American would see a $2500 drop in rates with ACA...a lie
lol
Think it through Dianne. Costs are already skyrocketing under the ACA. Trump's measures will get prices under control.
I already am. United healthcare in ny expected this and factored in 26 percent welcome to 1500 a month

Thank you for continuing to stand up for the ACA.  Can Congress fix this travesty that Donald Trump is perpetrating with these executive orders?
The stupidity & hate of the left would b surprising, except it's from California. ACA is a failure, big govt/career pols aren't the answer.
ACA is working in CA. They expanded Medicaid here. Red states didn't.
ACA was supposed 2 get uninsured on insurance; rising rates, less options & expanding Medicaid isn't success, but those conned don't see it.
You don't have expanded Medicaid in TX, so you are basically screwed. Sorry, we afe blue state. Great medical care here. 
I don't expect ppl buying into what they hear in the liberal echo chamber that's Cali 2 get it. BTW pls take ur Californians in Austin back.
No, asshole I am living it. Fighting cancers & more. We have great HC here. You don't cuz red state reps screwed you & Trump.
Typical liberal hate, I'll pray for you as you fight your medical issues. I spent many yrs in California, I'm glad to b back home in Texas.
Thank you.
Thankfully my husband works for usps and we get the same insurance you have. But people wanted change and they got it! Stop complaining!!
Change is not always good. One day you can afford the doctor, next day you can’t.  One day you are alive, next day you are dead.  Cruel...
60K 57 yr old sole provider will be paying 1/3 of his annual salary to Insuranace company.  And my ins. is a downgrade from prior years.
Yes, all pre existing conditions, all older Americans, disabled, children...the list goes on and on.  It is Trumpcare now. He owns it.
Thank you for putting this in the public forum.
I hope he plans to take away the penalty, come 2018 I will no longer be able to afford insurance...
Show the facts, your 25% is not factual
lies,Frankenstein! Your talking about illegals, refugees and of course welfare Sponges! Make every one here pay something!
So that’s 525% more than we paid before obamacare
Again, if you want Americans to protest on this congress needs to do away with their insurance and join Obummer care Can't say that stronger
Republicans don't care about what Americans think or else they would stop trump
Yes we will everyone will
In 2014 my daughter lost her specialist because O'care. She died in 2016. Why didn't you fight for her? Is it because she was white?

ty for getting the word out.
No they won't. They will just forgo having any. Unlike govt, families unable to run on unending deficit spending
Do we need to let this ACA nightmare play out so that middle class Trump voters feel the pain?
Don't believe you! You are responsible for this healthcare nightmare!
More than 25%. Subsidies covered 90% of my ACA premiums in 2010.  I won't be able to buy ACA coverage now.
Well I guess that means you didn't do your job.
Where is your solution?
The sabotage began with obamacare
In California we've accounted for the likely cancellation of CSR funding, check your open enrollment options carefully to save money.
The GOP, DT & the deplorables have sure screwed up our country. Too bad the rest of US can't just leave them to their own devices!
Has anyone ever thought of reducing COST (18% of GDP). 
A bipartisan problem. 
A hidden power forcing GOP & DEMs to avoid cost?
Explain the compounding 30%-50% annual increases!! Health Insurance is like a leech on the ass of society! Neither party has done anything!
Well, they don't believe you. Once the con is realized due to the draining of their wallets, it'll be too late.
The system will collapse people simply won't pay  and the suicide rate will skyrocket
that's my spouse. What can be done at the state level?
https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/blogs/right-turn/wp/2017/10/13/trump-the-destroyer/ …
Meanwhile we TAXPAYERS are paying 600% more... you LIE!!

Single, 55 yr old neighbor just had Tyson Corp buy out her company/new insurance went 2 a $5,000 deductible/20% co pay, she is screwed
90%of middle class have insurance through the company they work for. The only difference is that since Obama care. We pay much more.
It is a scandal in the so-called richest country in the World. I would like to see all of our representatives under the same health coverage
We self pay 27000/yr for family ins. We r both professionals, we can't pay anymore. Son has hydrocephalus, DT is killing the 99%
Well when ACA went into effect I paid 250% more. Have to sign it into law to find out what's in there right?
You really need to retire. This has been happening from day ONE! Obamacare is disaster. Gov INCAPABLE of running any program.
How much do you pay for healthcare Dianne??  Oh, that's right, nothing!
I already pay nearly $800 a month for a silver plan WTF
Give up your own sweet plan and go on ACA or shut up
Financial help to buy insurance? What's next, financial help to buy an electric car? Oh, uh, NEVERMIND!
So now an increase in premiums concerns you. They have been rising for years. If democrats cared about people they would work with Trump
That's me!  I'll remember this in 2018 & won't support any Trump enabler or apologist.
@repblumenauer @SenJeffMerkley @RonWyden
“I, myself, feel no doubt that it is a violation of his constitutional duty for a president to use his discretionary power (which sometimes
We're you crying foul when Obama used executive orders and bypassed congress?
Listen all of y'all it's a Sabotage
On Health, Safety & 1st Amd 
#ACAsabotage
#IranDeal 
#PenceStunt #NBCLicense
My employer plan got a 30% renewal rate after the EO
#Aca is so #over #time for a #new health plan
Time to support Medicare for all!
#trump are
#trumpcare
Instead of listening to Feinstein I suggest you do your own research. You’ll be amazed how she misleads you.
The government should not be subsidizing the insurance companies. Fact of the matter is it’s not legal either.
Well, you could always help pass a bill to repeal the individual mandate, cover all pre-existings, and allow interstate plan commerce...
Yeah, bummer. Of course, they pay 50% more with ACA. So there's that.
This is an act of sabotage. I support all your efforts to stop this madness
Do something, please!
Ok, change it.
And I believe the majority percent/state are from Trump Republican states.
My #premium is up 45% in 2018 thanks to @POTUS. It had actually gone down last year! #GOP and #Democrats fighting about #ACA = #Trumpcare
This is my family's situation. We don't think our Nebraska MOCs  @SenatorFischer @BenSasse @RepDonBacon are listening or *care*. @OWHnews
It seems like the ACA, formerly known as Obamacare, until it failed, was sabotage in itself. Fundamental chamge? Socialism?  Always a fail.
Don't play like you dems don't own this shitstorm..
Trump had nothing to do with creating obamacare.
Please join with @SenateGOP and @SenateDems to find a legal way to stop him. There must be some judge out there just dying to take him out!!
Marie Antoinette never said "let them eat cake" but we live in the time where cake is on offer.
Imagine if we didn’t have to for illegals healthcare the savings could be passed on to the middle class hit hardest
Dianne, we the middle class are not falling for your comments, keep trying

The federal government will spend $2.3 billion MORE on tax-credit subsidies due to the president’s sabotage of the ACA.
Senator please stop this.
Or they will revert to no health care.
Now you are starting to understand the Conservative GOP strategy.
Senator, u & the Dems need to aggressively oppose this latest move by crazy Trump to destroy the affordable act! TY 
I think he dumped these things on you guys to say now if you don't do anything it's all Congress's fault! This is a ploy to get his way!
If so many didn't have diabetes due to obesity, costs would be lower.
We keep pretty healthy in CA, lower obesity rate.
That implies that Californians are paying for obese poor people in other states.
Please just remember who is causing this travesty. First the GOP ambushed it in 2010 and now trump has been stabbing us in the back.
Those who buy their own health coverage — from Covered CA or not in the open market — will not see any changes to their plans, benefits
You mean those with HIGHER PREMIUMS, implemented by Obama care that you supported
Defend your ripoff obamacare.
The payments are illegal so says the supreme court.  At least be honest about it. #CROOKEDPOLITICS
https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/judge-strikes-down-obama-health-law-insurance-subsidy-in-victory-for-house-gop/2016/05/12/67a8af78-1863-11e6-9e16-2e5a123aac62_story.html …
More facts, less hyperbole please.
Well, my health insurance has over doubled.  Thank you Democrats...
Then maybe u should try to work WITH the GOP to create reasonable healthcare reform instead of always complaining.
I don’t understand why we now have to worry about sabotage from US president on our healcare system I am smh in disbelief.  #newera
I sometimes wonder how you can in good conscious say you R for the people tweet  lies  how do u An your party sleep at night
The people who will be hurt most by the ACA executive order by @POTUS are small business owners, the "job creators" according to the @GOP.
No they won't. They won't be able to afford it. They'll lose coverage & we'll all pay when they're in the ER. Sad.
Stop lying, there is nothing affordable about Obamacare.
You aleays have wild ass numbers just made up like your whole life
we are already paying increases like this. Where have you been? Come out of your glass tower and ask everyday people instead of lobbyist.
Maybe you guys could come together and do your jobs. No vaca
We have been paying more the last 10/15 years.
I'm already going to see an increase of 30% this year, like I did last year!
Why don't you and Blum cut a check to make up the diff?  Do something nice with the filthy lucre you've made exploiting your public office.
That's me and mine is increasing 50%. Covered CA.
How in hell is it going to hurt people that ALREADY PAY for it without financial help?
#25for45
They should have voted.  49% of Americans did not vote.  Oh well that's what you get for sitting on your ass instead of caring
Trump now owns the mess, dems have been blamed for it for a long time. Dems should just watch and see trump dig himself in to 2018 mid terms
The McCain Care Act.... fundi
Middle class consumers (I'm one) have been POUNDED the last several years w premium and deductible hikes. Fix the system!!!
25% increase in premiums across board, loss of protections, 1million low-income families lose coverage in 2018, $200million added to deficit
Fake news !!!
Liar.  Obama care made me pay about 4 times more than what I had to pay before.  Hopefully ocare will fail completely so I can have my old ins. back.  No thanks to you.
Oh, Obamacare is gone. Can’t run without funding. It is Trumpcare  now. He gutted it. He owns it.  So, talk to him about it now.
Give up your Cadillac health policy we the people pay for and deal with the mess you shoved down our throats
Listen close--Obama violated both the Constitution and his own ACA to order the Treasury  to pay subsidies. Look at Constitution.
I'm not sure how they believe the economy will survive if the middle class can't afford ANYTHING.
There’s no middle class in a Third World Country with a Dictator. They don’t want a middle class. We’re well on our way to being 3rd World.
#dictatorTrump took away #healthcare from hardworking handyman, server at diners, to give tax breaks to corporations and his wealthy friends
Us Small Business Employees have gotten hammered with ACA and you offered us NOTHING.  I will go with Trump on this one.
Best of luck to you.
Now they can SHOP FOR WHAT THEY WANT WITH WHO THEY WANT
Looks like 25% is better than ACA
2016 Rates.... are you gor real @SenFeinstein
There are many middle class families that just won’t have insurance. I will be one of them. Let’s see, food or health insurance?
We’re all losing with this culture of #WhitePrivilege. #facts #period 45 must be stopped! #ImpeachTrump
Like forgotten Americans
Those people
They already pay more with obamacare. Free markets, capitalism, competition. WHAT don't you understand. Competition lowers prices.
where do u get these ridiculous numbers from? made up probably
BKs will skyrocket too!
Sen. Feinstein, my husband is one of those people. I have no idea what we R going 2 do.
And just how do you know. I'm guessing you have been focusing on your home State burning to the ground. Huge environmental disaster
Ever hear of competition and group enrollment?
It's a shame that the conservatives put this poor excuse of a president in office! He is going to ruin our middle class totally!!
I'm thinking no
Then abolish the stupid, malevolent law and start over. Sheesh...
Where was Feinstein when insurance premiums went up immediately after Obama signed the ACA and why didn't she complain about him?
The #ACA was always @DNC insurance company bail out. Anyone who doesn't support #MedicareForAll is killing Americans. #VoteThemOut
Really? I am middle class and went from 390.00 before Obama NOW pay 1050.00 which COVERS nothing.  Stop LYING
So we all go back to having no insurance and taxpayers STILL contribute to uninsured and they go bankrupt, lose their jobs, homeless etc...
Winning again. 
Ya they will ,because they will actually have to pay for the insurance instead of getting gov. Hand out, just shut up Dianne
@SenFeinstein didn't get the memo. The ACA itself was sabotage.
My husband and I pay $800.00 a month now in California so looks like we will have to drop it all together
That's really cheap. We paid twice that w/no subsidies.
We have been  receiving25% increases every year..and you just noticed??
Can you and the dems stop this madman? #saveaca
How do you know that? Cite your source.
Shut up! We all know that deregulation never drops prices. Lol
Looks like it’s time for Dems to go to the WH and create a bill with the President.  Stop tweeting and go to the WH.  You were invited.  Go!
In addition to the 100-200% increase they already paid by the ACA’s implementation?

Oh! That is fine- they will get around $400 dollars a year with .@realDonaldTrump  tax cut-25% more in premimums #smh #badmath
That’s Republican Math! The motto is, “Less for you and more for me.”
You have that backwards.  More for you is more for all of us!  We just expect you to earn it .
More Lies!
With insurance being Nationwide it will be cheaper! 
Only loss will be your stock in the  monopolies you had in the HeathCare
On top of the 33% increase everybody pays because of halting CSR’s?
I would be one of those hardest hit. I have no idea how I will afford insurance.  And NO I have not been receiving financial help!
No, they ( I ) wont pay 25% more... I will be priced out of insurance!!  Talked to my agent already!!  $1800 a month for 2 #25thAmmendment
At 57 I am stuck. My payments went from $352 to $749 a mo. in 2 yrs. Too much of my middle-class income to justify. I'm out of the mess. Bye
I know your pain...suddenly they have noticed on brink of failure.
Think of how much less we’ll be borrowing.  But it’s tragic because you might be required to actually propose something.
We'll be borrowing more. Eliminating the $7 billion subsidies increases the cost to the federal government by $20 billion. Bad for everyone.
Call that progressive math it’s  http://false.You  can’t increase debt by reducing’spending No matter what lying federal agencies say
The law is written such that, ending subsidies increases costs elsewhere. Typical neocon. Expenses & investments aren't the same.
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @VP make this America go BANKRUPT!
Support single payer if you want to get re-elected
This is outrageous.
It’s the law and she makes the laws that she complains about.  I guess it’s good job security.
