Ur family may have been barred My Canadian mom w/her R.N. did & my dad's ancestors came over during Potato Famine No migrant laws pre 1875
Pretty bad analogy, those times were different, US was establishing itself needed workers all kinds, there was no govt assistance just work
Feinstein's asst previously worked in Obama's DOJ & helped cover up the content of the Clinton/Lynch Tarmac meeting
Fienstein look in the mirror. You're a apart of the Coverups in Washington that put Our Country as Risk.  TERM LIMITS"!!!
It's a different world today. When u were a kid, you just gave Pocahontas some beeds for their land.  Today they'd chop off your head.
Apples & Oranges Sen. 100 years ago greater demand 4 unskilled labor, no social safety net 2 attract & 1/3 2day's population RAISE only way!
get back to work. You need to retire. Never meant to be a career. Toxic... waste of taxpayers money. #nopay
Romanticizing? US immigration policies were always selective or even discriminatory and ruthless at times, turning away millions
Shame he was not president back then
Your immigration policy is bankrupting us now.
Affirmative action cost me 100's of thousands of $ Dianne. Wanna pay me back?
Senator yrs around 1908 were VERY DIFFERENT times&people.They were not expecting entitlement / handouts.They had pride dignity,work ethics.
Laws we're tailored to past http://history.Now  times show an exceleration of vises that cripple our society,hence diff immigration laws
I knew there was a reason I liked it
Heres something, let California cede from the country, then you can have your single payer and more illegals requiring govt assistance
Well Sen. Feinstein who will be turned away when all this comes out about slick willy and L. Lynch aka Elizabeth Carlisle?
You were in charge
 of that investigation weren't you?
Don't they think these things through?
That would have been a good thing.  What a liar.
Support RAISE sheer idiocy 2 base immigration on family connections as opposed 2 merit based Blues oppose RAISE family connections=votes
So u were good for shit. Couldn't offer anything to our country. Smh. We were stone masons came over 1903 and still work hard. MAGA
Ma'am we would all be better off if you went here, a lot less corruption with you and you're husband
You have to go with the Problems of Today .Not Yesterday. TERM LIMITS DIANE!
Maybe if your family was turned away our government would be slightly less corrupt
No, because that was then, this is now.
That is such horse !  You are comparing the world now to what it was - and being purposefully deceitful.
Really? did we have the WELFARE STATE back then, or maybe "free" cell phones?
@SenFeinstein  our ancestors weren't criminals coming to LEECH off America, remember Ellis Island, they loved Am. not just her benefits!
Wrong. Trump's family had skills and resources to offer
Y'all can go back to where you came from anytime!
That's an argument in favor as far as I'm concerned.
We should have been that lucky!
Not just yours senator... but ALLLLL of our families!
The world is a different place now than then Sen Feinstein.  Apparently,  you haven't been paying attention.
That would have been a great thing for our country and especially California
Really? His family came from a Middle East country?
Why compare to 150 yrs ago. Population of USA is 320M. Too many hungry people on welfare now. We must be more selective about who comes in
Don't we need a time machine for that?

So, that would have been a bad thing?
Yeah but he's focused in dark skinned people.
TOO MUCH PANDERING FOR VOTES AT THE COST OF AMERICAN LIVES !
Is that supposed to be an argument against @POTUS's position #SenFeinstein? 

Sounds more like a plea for support.
Mine, too!
Considering your record that would have been a plus for America
Lol
Can we even believe her?!?!
Things change
times change
you know that
No big loss. Just saying
Get real. My great grands came here and worked hard. Didn't expect handouts and not a terrorist among them. They LOVED America & assimilated
Are you saying that things haven't changed just a little in the last 50 years? Since we became a welfare state, things are much different.
So it is a good thing? Sorry but immigration is supposed to b decided by what's good for America, not the rest of the world. Also,...
If your family was turned away, that would've been great. Your corrupt butt would've never been in D.C. #VoteDianeOut
What the heck I love Trump now.
Good! I'll pay for you to move.
But we like HIS. Yours not so much.  No pity here. Go away
Then we would not have had to endure you as mayor of San Francisco.
No that's not true, and you know it. 
#fakenews #propaganda
Complete different situation Feinstain.....did your family get WELFARE for the rest of their lives......
R u implying your family came here for welfare? My grandparent learned English came here to work.
And your point is
Times were different. No terrorists People didn't come to the US to go on welfare and get food stamps.
TOOOO MUCH PANDERING FOR VOTES AT THE COST OF AMERICANS LIVES
We should be so lucky in your case
No Diane Feinstein you know this is a crock of garbage that you're spewing go back home to San Francisco and resign

Canada to set up border camp as number of asylum seekers swells http://reut.rs/2wJTqmc  
AT LEAST THEY HAVE A CAMP. THAT WOULDN'T BE ALLOWED IN THE USA.
@SenateDems ARE JUST PANDERING FOR VOTES AT THE COST OF AMERICANS LIVES.
Absolute Bullshit
The democratic senate all reminisce on how wonderful the world was in the 1950's & 1960's those days will never be wake up & smell today
Good.
No, no it wouldn't. Making up lies doesn't make a strong case at all. Give us some facts.
They NEVER have facts, just motion filled rhetoric for votes by the BRAIN WASHED.
We need to turn away welfare leeches
clam up already
If only we could go back in time.... 
Times change.  Laws must change.
51 percent of immigrants are on welfare and free healthcare not good for the economy.When did your mom come
I'm sure your parents were legal immigrants just like mine. Or were they illegal immigrants. Then you shouldn't have came here
Yours was from Russia so according to Dems YOU would be under investigation and a grand jury sworn in and you would be CNZn and MSNBC leads
#senate needs young blood in office under 45 these people don't like change don't like new ideas it's horrible to see this happening
That was a million years ago, OK if you want to play that card, let's give back NYC to the #AmericanIndians & return #texas to #Mexico
Would Melania Trump's parents have qualified for Trump's immigration policy?
If his policy were in place then, my great grandparents would've been turned away and would've surely died in the holocaust or pogroms!
back then the immigrants all had money and jobs.My friends parents came during the holocaust and they where jewish.They stayed
Are you not listening!!!  We Americans don't care.
Come here legally or get deported. Stop trying to destroy America. Lies lies
Stop spewing crack pot. Obviously you have no clue. You wouldn't be here either.
Just think if they had turned away his........
why was it the immigrants that came stayed hardly any one got turned away.Why should 51 percent of immigrants on wellfare and free healthcar
And mine
Good. If I had my way it would be retroactive to 1412
Do anyone in his family know about the diaspora and Aliyah?

#weird

;)
most of the immigrants that came got to stay.They had money and jobs no government help like now 51 percent on welfare free healthcare
immigrants of 2day are NOT the same as our grand/great grand parents, THEN=honor,respect,freedom,jobs. NOW=Gov assist,entitled,disrespect
Appeals to emotion. Democrats have no rational arguments.
