Leaving undermines our options with North Korea. Why would the rest of the world place faith in U.S. leadership if we can’t keep our word?
Shame you spew hate daily. Trump shut NOKO down w/o pouring our tax $$ into his country! Thank GOD for @realDonaldTrump
He listens to no one! Out of control; he needs help--that and shackles after Mueller orders release of his tax returns!
Why don't we release he 30,000 emails that bitch tried to wipe
Right, that's all you've got. This is S tiresome as GOP's empty rhetoric.  See if the Koch's can buy y'all a little imagination...
Let us see the Dem imagination oh yeah what do we want dead cops when do we want it now. And let's see pigs in a blanket fry them like bacon
dems go local and call out trump every time he lies which is always but must be town halls and don't let up
Just like #NorthKorea made us safer?
We can thank Bill Clinton and Barack Obama for that! President Trump has to grow a garden with a bag of poop!
Why aren't you condemning them
Trump is a Lame Duck president. #IgnoreNowImpeachLater. Let's get #DonaldLameDuck trending!
Quack, Quack, @realDonaldTrump! Let's get #DonaldLameDuck trending! https://twitter.com/theatlantic/status/898323794418380800 …
He's our elected Donald
Perhaps he understands that not all Sec agencies works for us, i.e., your own hack, Petraus/Awas etc? Details
I have an idea ...let's scrap Trump ...that would make us safer
That is so cute that you think he would listen to anyone. Please get him out & do something about that darn electoral college too. Please.
We elected the most wonderful president of all. You people were attacking this man as a candidate when he was beating the hag.
I'm so sorry you feel this way. Trump only cares about himself and . He doesn't care about you, the American people or Republican Party.
The destructive power of even a small amount of enriched uranium used in a nuclear weapon, could kill countless people and bring about WW 3.
t=impotent, inept, ineffective, inappropriate, inefficient, incompetent Impeachable
Americans elected this man .If you don't war you best stop sabotaging him .The very second you liars fake a claim and he's impeached WAR!
I'm not a hateful person but I admit I hate all this violence going on all over the world. Why all the hate? Why now? Trump? Putin? ISIS?
Why now ? Where were you when thugs tore two cities apart and Obama praised them for taking a stance !?
His only mission as POTUS is to UN-do everything that has @BarackObama name on it. Nothing for US, it's always been about him! #Impeach45
That has been the Rep agenda for many years. Trump is a puppet.
Not that you allowing illegals to be here illegally is allowing us to be any safer or better off
I bet your ancestors came here illegally, yet here you are!
No illegal is illegal legal is legal and that's what my family are
Well, then the USA is called "liars" it can be rightfully applied.  Just look at the guy @realDonaldTrump going around doing all the lying.
Yeah his name is Obama!
Huh?
Listen I'm not a liberal and I'm not a Republican I'm a patriot and you have a problem I have no problem to talk about it I stand behind DJT
Getting the divider in chief out of government would make us safer. What's the hold up?
He has to do something wrong we the people put him in there 70 million people!
OK bot.
Speaking of glue, perhaps you should put the cap back on yours
With the remark that you make and you are just as fake as CNN live with yourself you're a fool with the foolish liberals shows!
Trump needs to resign.  Now. Don't work with him any longer.
Thanks to Hillary who sold them the uranium and Obama who funded their research.
Diane Frankenstein!
We will eventually get the boots on the ground, just like was planned. #stillcooking #resist #Antifa
You fucked us when you made the agreement happen good job Feinstein you and your colliegus should go to jail for that one!
Keep Iran deal? Why to show how stupid we r to pay in cash a terrorist state to pretend they are not going nuclear?
Neither will keeping it.

How u figure ... lets just give Iran more money is going to make it better?
The Iran nuclear deal never made us any safer. Just made the Iranians richer stupid. Thanks to your worthless President
Right!!!  Lets send them another $100 Billion!  That worked so well for Hussein.
Idiot alert!
What's your brilliant idea continue to allow then to build their arsenal
You and your MORALLY BANKRUPT colleagues will not make us safer either. Draining the swamp is exhausting
Yeh look at Clintons North Koreas agreement worked out great!!!
This MF just doesn't give up on trying to undo everything Pres. Obama did and start a war somewhere to deflect from his abysmal job as POTUS
Impeach him
This is why Super Coward Obama
This man was class! Our current President sounds like an infant in comparison.
Well, this guy is an idiot and should be impeached using Article 25!  When will congress act?  I've been waiting for years!
Irans not following it so what difference does it make and it's so lax that even if they were you'd never catch them. By barracks design

While you're at it have them burn down any building that carries the Byrd name when does this insanity stop

Uh yeah it does.. did u even read it??? Probably not, that's normal for the left.
Really??? You are so incompetent!!! You insult the intelligence of every American just like Obama did went he allowed Iran plan our demise.
Way Pres. behaves, Admin no longer can be counted on to act reasonably. Not lib vs cons, it's about Nation's ability to reach potential.
Give them more money like obama did send them two 747's loaded with &
He is an idiot and an embarrassment.
Americas life's are in this nut case hands. This quit scary!!!!!
That was a sham agreement to give Obama a chance to in rich his friends the mulla's and get a kick back after he leaves office
Why should we listen to you? You can't even speak English.
So glad you and your parasitic cohorts will be out in 2018.
Absolutely. We need to be able to build nukes to destroy Israel.
don't hold your breath he's just a world security risk and congress is letting it happen
Feinstein could have been the founder of INCOMPETENTS_R_US, the 18th intel agency who agreed the Russians elected Trump,.
Under Feinstein's "leadership" in the intel committee, the US gov't suffered the most spectacular series of failures, from 9/11 to Benghazi.
How about that intel on N. Korea?  Kim fired missiles that can hit US homeland.   How did that happen?  Ask Clinton, not Feinstein.
NSA mass surveillance hasn't made us any safer, didn't stop 9/11, and Feinstein doesn't seem to care about Mossad infiltration of US intel.
it's not about America and what helps us, it's all about undoing anything Obama did, it's mental illness and you allow him to continue!
This is mental illness
Recognizing your illness is the first step, the next is to seek treatment.  Good Luck.
I want to know who your grandchildren will blame for the mess with Iran and North Korea? Do they blame Dems for slavery because Dems ALL it

Let's SCRAP TRUMP 
Obama gave Iran $150 Billion in cold hard cash 
You think that was smart Dianne looking at how North Korea worked out for @billclinton
Stop Him from destroying
Iran has publicly called for the US and Israel to be wiped off the map. They don't want us to exist, should they be a nuclear power?
The Rothchilds what Iran and North Korea sanctions are off Cuba and now we make deals with Cuba communist country think about it!
Has he even listenned to anyone?
Indeed he is! But the Liberals I've been known to lie to much they cry wolf to many times now we do not believe!
Trump should also take a lesson from a REAL Presidential on being a quality president.
The contributing Americans support the president's point of view not the dims who are following the Taliban history washing
No disrespect, but he's ready to kill millions by taking away health care, so I don't believe he cares about the safety of this country
He won't listen to anyone! Did you see Gen Kelly's reaction to Monday's Press Conf? DT is off the chains crazy!!!!
He is doing what his voters want him to do ; we hired him 
We elected him ,and he works for us !
Maybe we can get our money back.
Then why did you vote for sanctions creating this issue? You could have voted with Sanders and preserved Obama's Foreign Policy legacy.
Getting rid of him should be the #1 national security issue. Then the rest will fall in place.
Try to get rid of our elected president if you want war woman ! We put him in there to dam bad you don't like him ;I didn't like Obama !
maybe you could explain or have someone explain to him that it's not a bilateral agreement but a MULTIlateral agreement
Impeach number 45
Quit acting like he wants things to go well..he is a hideous fucking traitor. Continuing to perpetuate a sense of legitimacy is helpinh him
Ask Putin what he should do
Supporting our President is also important. Maybe John Kerry could help! http://Opensecrets.com 
Trump doesn't like the fact that they are complying with the agreement. Other issues w/ Iran should be dealt with in separate sanctions.
They are not complying .Stop watching extremist media
we don't have a deal, Iran keeps breaking it
How? Be specific. Cite examples.
their Ballistic Missile Program was suppose to stop. Excess of Heavy Water, exporting heavy water
Yes it will because it will teach you what happens when you presume people guilty for political reasons.
