I wonder how many bumpstocks are currently in the hands of automatic weapon owners. Good start, but keep going.
Why would anyone put a bump stock on an automatic?  You’re pushing to ban something and you don’t even understand what it is or how it works
Who the hell were the 3 that voted against it??!!
People with common sense. 0.0 Deaths in Massachusetts from bump stocks
The Force is strong in Massachusetts.
The Darkside of the force.
In 66 was the US 1st mass shooting in TX, a total up to 2017 is 948 ppl. This yr 33k to herion and they’re illegal.  You ban is pointless.
Snd the Senate stopped it because they realized it was a ridiculous piece of legislation from an anti gun ridiculous legislator. Sell liberalism someplace else all stocked up here
I HOPE YOU LOOK INTO THE BATTERY OPERATED BUMP GLOVE THAT IS SUPPOSE TO COME OUT NEXT MONTH TOO !!
W/O hearing from the constituency!  They are hearing us now, & Senate Bill language has changed.
I'll be voting accordingly election time!!
It's one of many steps needed!
A start. Now ban all auto and semi-automatic weapons. #GunControl works.
Uh huh, gun control works so well it prevented the LV shooting, one that happened in one gunfree zone into another
More libtarded gun bans which will do nothing to protect anyone. Bumpfire stock made LV massacre less lethal. More inaccurate you idiots
Good. #EndNRATerror
how many people in Massachusetts are murdered by bumpfire stocks?
You could have done years ago NRA gun tote southern deplorable folks don't support bump stocks SMH
Its time for frankenstien to learn she dies what we want her to do lets pull all her gun rights from her
Wow! Problem solved!
Another stupid law that does nothing, Little actual research will show you that fact
and just who are the 3 assholes that voted no ?
Seven years too late. Wow, let's do the dance of joy.
Who are the 3??
1 down & 49 to go.
Do you really think states like Texas, Florida, and Kentucky will follow suit? If you do...you are dreaming.
too bad it has taken such a toll before regulating.
No security or fire arms for frankinstein anymore .. These idiots work for us the do what we tell them to do
So they oppress the rights of the many for the actions of the few.  Disgraceful.
Good. But not good enough!
What about AK47s with folding stocks and drum mags? Pro tip: BAD trigger discipline. You need to know about the thing you are regulating!
Massachusetts is easy.  Its Alabama and Georgia and all the other NRA owned states that are the problem.
More symbolic than preventative but hopefully all others will follow suit.
Time for a federal ban!
Of what?
NAME THE 3
Really, who are the three?

Thank you.
This means more exodus from blue states to red states thanks to left wingers.
Well it's a start
Not surprised. As a former member and resident that is why I moved to Florida!
Next you can ban rubber bands because you can do the same thing.
Yay. One small step
Good sense legislation. Nobody needs a bump stock
"...the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed." What part of that confuses you?
Excellent!!
Small step! we need to press for real change.
Too bad Ryan hasnt the spine to make it a Federal law.
151 to 3, that's a lot of idiots in one room.  The Sad part is they passed another feel good law that will do nothing to curb gun violence.
And what did that fix. Not a damm thing
...Mass. stupidity...
Excellent! It is a start! Is California next? Or does California already ban bump-fire stocks?
It dawns on my that you took the same oath i did. Step down! You are charged to uphold the Constitution not to find ways to circumvent
I will never give up my arms or my rightbown own what ever i need to protect myself, my family and my country. I am a veteran.
Never bck dwn
There will come a day when Americans will need and not have. We will be destroyed by our enemies. Most of them we will invite here.
Yes! Lower federal taxes. We will take everything to the state level. Fed sucks at most programs. #nationofcalifornia
There is nothing good or great about this.
Again, Americans hand over liberty for blind safety.
Yes
It's a start but, more needs to be done.
Who needs the Federal government, Trump, Congress & Senate? State governments truly care about their people.
Less than the bare minimum
Great job Senator!!!
Nation in uproar, WORLD watching nervously at a WH that behaves like an impulsive child. Have utmost respect 4 Kelly. DJT HAD 2 make him MSG
We need MORE THAN JUST THAT BUT ITS A START
Now do something about Trump please!
Good news, but bandaid on gaping wound. Need strong gun control laws, ban semi/auto weapons, univ background checks, limit # of weapons.
The 3 that opposed, need to be exposed and explain their convoluted logic
You wouldn't like it if any of your rights were infringed upon the way 2A is in mass. Your turning Americans into criminals.
Once again the Democrates show their hatred towards 2nd amendment. A knee jerk reaction that does nothing.
i have a feeling a lot of dems are going to be voted out next election cycle. lol. btw you're an old decrepit asshole.
Now the guns!
Massachusetts great great state! Always get it done!
Finally a bit of good news
Mass sucks anyway
Out of 50 states that would be about 8,000 killed in each http://state.Cars  have killed more in year then all the shooting in 1 year.
You ban them. Crimals will have them. Cars have killed more people then bump fire stocks. So ban cars because they kill 40,000 people a year
Thank You!!
Only because their gop boss, the nra told them it was ok. #impeach45 #TheResistance #guncontrol #takeaknee
Good the price of em jus went up on black market. Way to punish the honest gun owners. Criminals will still get em
Well that well stop every one from getting them crimals  well follow the law to.
This legislation has no impact.There are numerous ways to modify guns.Please don't make this such a triumph. It's not.Gun control would be.
Is California going to follow suit?
If you had a clue you would know that you can no longer purchase or import AR-15/AKs in CA anymore as of Jan 1st this year.
I stand corrected. Thank you. I don't live in California. Hence, I didn't know that. Thank you for you time to kindly tell me.
Although I'm on the other side of the arguement it's always good for those pushing for legislation to be familiar with current laws.
Does this mean criminals can't get them? NO!
Okay, what’s your answer ?? Btw, I believe in the second amendment and always will, now then, I’m listening.
I don't know but drugs are banned n people still get them
have to start somewhere,assault weapons are not needed for self defense or Home defense and banning them,not all that needs 2 b dun,bckgrnd
It is ones right to own any gun that hadn't been banned n taken off market n criminals don't get background checks
Bravo!
Slap hands! Slap hands! NOT!! Ballistic experts and acoustic experts both say that bump stocks weren’t used. Stop listening to CNN they lie.
Good news, though that does little comfort for those who were massacred by Mr. Paddock
Your man Obama legalized them. That should never had happened.  Wonder why?
So all mass shootings should stop now, right diane
Did they even know what they are this time? Most of the time if u make it sound bad, the lemmings will vote it out...
Thank you Senator Feinstein! A true leader! God Bless you.
You go after the 2nd amendment, we're going after the 1st. Fair enough ?
BALLS!!!!!
Massachusetts voted against Trump & bump-fire stocks. Time for rest of country to follow Massachusetts lead.
Read the legislation, total violation of Massachusetts citizens second amendment rights.
Seems @MassGovernor needs to beef up its @NHgov border instead of the reverse. Wouldn't you say @GovChrisSununu @NHGOP?? @nhdems
#missingthepoint https://youtu.be/jif4Wo0LDX8 
We need an assault weapon ban
Unseat the 3 dissenters.
Who ever those three no votes are they should be removed from office.
3 Republicans: Repsresentatives Peter Durant and Donald Berthiaume of Spencer and Nick Boldyga of Southwick dissented. 
100% Agree With You!
That is great news Dianne!!
@princeharry5801 @NewtownAction #UNICEF #BarackObama #UNESCO #UN ~ Be traist... It is a good news!
Do you trust those in government, now & forever in the future, to not take your life, liberty, or property through the force of government?
#Chicago
Hollywood Irony - Kingsman/American Assassin/It/Mother 589 violent acts 212 using guns w/total body count of 192 w/108 from full auto
They're movies. Get the difference b/t that & real life? (and at least in the case of Am Ass - wasn't civilians shooting for the most part)
I’m pointing out the irony of it with Hollywood (in her state) producing what she hopes to stop.
How is "Hollywood" pushing gun control? Some of the individ workers/actors may be. They're regular people who, like many, want gun control.
Actors & directors are movies aren’t. Don’t get me wrong, I’m just pointing out the irony
Yeah , Massachusetts is one of the five civilized states left.

Last nights @vicenews former head of atf fired an AR-15 4 shots a pull just by changing how he held the gun.
Prove it, cause it's not possible
Either I move to NEnand or immigrate to Canada. Both are cold. Well done Massachusetts setting the bar.
Sweet! Now you can ban batteries, electric motors, shoe strings, springs, 3d printers, metal or, you know the guns that are easily converted
FACT: BAD NEWS DIANNE!: Congratulations with your leadership! Massachusetts crime rate just went up! I'm sure all crooks & thugs thank you!
Not true http://www.snopes.com/crime/statistics/ausguns.asp …
How is this good news? It was attached to an unrelated bill. Typical garbage politics.
Congrats @SenFeinstein but it's time to step down.
Speaking of stepping down.... why don’t you jump off HS’s coat tails?!
lol who are those three who’re like “now let’s not be too hasty guys”
Hah, I bet we can develop a pretty accurate profile for them.
That must be some messed up 3!
Every state has a #moron or 3
So glad I live where I do
So by outlawing bump stocks what is to stop someone with a slight bit of machine experience  from making one. Ban machine shops next.
Your slippery slope argument holds no water.
In order to truly know peace, one must be prepared for war.. Read the art of war. It's not about fighting or killing. A classic for a reason
Smartest state makes a smart decision. Who'd a thunk it?
Great! Now how about working on using the 25th amendment to ban Trump?
When he does something that is impeacheble I will stand next to you. Umtil then you just sound butthurt by nothing
Good news! Thank you Senator Feinstein
Cool-now they should write legislation thats effective at saving lives-Meanwhile locate advisers educated in this field.
#620stone
Bump stocks were an NRA *giveaway*, trusting we wouldn't ask for what's really needed: a ban & recall on assault rifles and weapons of war.
Knives are a weapon of war...
This is not good news. It does nothing to prevent or reduce mass shootings. Mental health and proper due process procedures will.

Too little too late
Who are the three?
Patriots! #FalseFlag attack!
Why didn't they ban the pressure cooker or anything that can go boom that's made in a kitchen? This is all a ploy and it will catch up to em
I better get mine today then.
Who were the three idiots who voted against the measure?
Big words coming from a man with 2 followers, a fake picture, and whose name is “truth bacon”
Apparently it needs to initiate from VP & majority of cabinet members & we know that is not happening!!!
BHAD
It’s a start
#Chicago
