It shouldn't be unlimited admissions.
bring up  a legislation to fix the roads, infrastructure, tax reform . All Day along DACA, refugees , immigrants. No other ideas ?
Not necessarily.
I vote for ZERO!
Sorry to disagree but from my vantage point this administration does what it wants. Congress seems unable to rein this group of ?? In.
And Obozo didnt?
Until we can take care of ALL our own bring in 0 refugees.
Why didn't obama do so?
2/2 or are you that stupid? Maybe both? Look at the EU for crying out loud!
Funny you a gave the anointed one a pass when he decided to act like a king and make his own law.
Shame on you for blasting a women because she is a catholic why because they usually vote republican and for life u disgust me and millions
There will never B enough refugees 2 satisfy Globalists.  Europe weeps!  San Diego has human waste in streets, we R turning into Juarez.
Should stop all immigration until the problem is solved
That is funny considering President Obama consulted No One in congress.
ah, Senator...you supported the DACA ruling by Obama...which bypassed Congress. Can't have it both ways
If you are in on the Becerra fake server (and we know you are) then you are a criminal deserving jail time. Ready for prison?
You keep fighting for illegal aliens and we voters will keep removing Dems from office. Why did you and Becerra give the Feds a fake server?
I still want to know why you oppose single payer health care!
So when did the septeration of Church and State stop?  Dems playing God just isn't going to Fly. There is only one God..............
absolutely,I&My great beauty @margbrennan discussed & agree,really interesting but important,Trump admin must consult congress on policy...
Oh, now the president must consult Congress. Did you forget to mention that to Obama about DACA. ..
Lol no. More gov. ass.  leeches.  Id like my tax dollars at least go to homeless and veterans , before more Islamic State refugees.
I think refugees should be EXTREMELY vetted & very limited. However  you only serve the democrats in California and not all of us

1/2Yes let's bring in people who R ideologically polar opposite of us and who want to impose Sharia Law. Do you actually hate this country?
Will you just go away
Rump wants Comey to be prosecuted so he can pardon him quid pro quo for Flynn, Manafort and his family.
OR NOT!!!
@realDonaldTrump
In a hurry to get those refugees here for voter fraud aren't you Dianne? Smh
Medicare for ALL
Agree but how about Zero.
Obama didn't consult Congress b4 giving money to Iran or releasing 5 terrorists for one trader.
Did you make same request from obama on daca
The current precedent is that if obama can let them in, Trump can keep them out.   Congress did nothing to stop Obama.
The issue today is whether a president has exclusive discretion in applying immigration law as Obama did, or does Congress have sole power?
Like Obama asked Congress how many illegal a he could pardon?
What little was available at the time said that CONGRESS had the power to exclude aliens completely & to regulate the numbers of immigrants.
Constitutional Law books written in the 1960s and 1970's had almost nothing about immigration, because it was not a problem until after 1965
Separation of powers. Get used to it.
No democratic HAD to consult Congress
Please read the Constitution, @POTUS doesn't have to consult Congress Senator.
Like Hillary all of u did this 2 yourselves. Skirted issues, bypassed laws in place only 2 put on airs w humantarian speeches. FAKE EMOTIONS
I think it's great that you go on record and write letters, but I never get the sense that you actually do anything except talk to Grassley.
Why....I don't remember congress consulting all the ppl when all of u decided not 2 follow the rule of law.  Bending it to meet your needs.
Nope
What abt me?
Ive been a tax paying 'REFUGEE' in the US FOR 17 YEARS! and see no end in sight.Your heart beats only for illegals & refugees!!
President Obama didn't have a problem keeping Coptic Christians out of America
Democrat President Franklin Roosevelt and Democrats didn't have a problem keeping Jews out of America during the HOLOCAUST
How about everyone obeying our laws?
When was congress consulted when you people were putting Obamacare together?
That's where your wrong! It is an executive authority.  America owes the world nothing!  Why do you hate  so much senator? #MAGA
Pretty sure the ball is in your court. You were even given 6 months to fix it. What are you going to do? Whine about it?
Yeah, and crucify Catholics. Durbin fake catholic
I agree. But not by law. #KnowYourHistory
Under Article 1 Section 9 the President does not have to let ANY REFUGEES in

Please join @SenKamalaHarris in supporting #MedicareforAll
How about 0
And the issue will be mute.
SENATOR
TRUMP IS NOT PRESIDENTIAL MATERIAL; HE SCHOLASTICALLY UNEDUCATED TO GOVERN AS PREZ.AND WILL NEVER GOVERN APPROPRIATELY WITH NO EDU
No he doesn't.  IDDIOT over hill  the useless politician
can't hear you until you support #singlepayer

#singlepayershame
