#KeepItPublic @savebearsears #Escalante @OrrinHatch @SenMikeLee #CascadeSiskiyou @RonWyden @SenJeffMerkley #UniteBlue @LCVoters @NRDC @REI
.@POTUS should pardon all the Natl Monuments on his hit list, too! Zinke report promised 8/24 is still hi ding behind closed doors at WH.
Official Response of the California Democrats:

California will fight any attempt by President Trump to (Insert Latest News Here)
Is that in the Bay area?
Thank you for the response & link.
Every Congressman should fight changes to Dpt. of Interior, National Parks!  They are reserved by people in the US and the world.
Hi. California, we made mistake, could you just run the country for us, just for a few years. Thanks.
You mean run it into the ground? They're already doing that.

How about you fight to reduce taxes and regulations on American citizens? How bout DAT??
T-troll
Some of those parks are little more than oppressive big government land grabs for quirky minorities. Is that what you represent?


I'M A $30,000 PAST DONER;  CONSTITUENT; & OUTRAGED THAT YOUR NOT SPEAKING OUT ABOUT ANTIFA OR RESPONDING TO EMAIL 

https://twitter.com/AtomasVictory/status/878641995681378306 …
Nothing that @POTUS does will please the Uber Left. America needs to you and other obstructes to get America moving to better things.
Is there a petition we can sign?I could get 100 signatures by tomorrow. Those lands are national treasures either for beauty or history.
Why don't you fight for lower taxes and lower health care premiums? Your constituents are struggling and you're focused on parks and statues
Let's be honest, you are prepared to fight him no matter.  That's the problem. this is status quo/swamp dwellers/hypocrite Dems.  Vote out!
#KeepItPublic @Interior secretary recommends Trump alter at least three #nationalmonuments - including #BearsEars http://wapo.st/2wsHVmm 
#KeepItPublic @savebearsears #Escalante @OrrinHatch @SenMikeLee #CascadeSiskiyou @UniteBlue @RonWyden @SenJeffMerkley @LCVoters @NRDC @REI
What about are statues ? Whack job you are !
Please and thank you!!
STOP GOVERNMENT LAND TAKEOVER. YOU TOOK OVER OUR WATER!
why did you not fight for steel auto coal worker you hate them don;t you...
Can we afford to submit our protected lands to the greedy, no but patience you say!
I agree
CA's ban on plastic bags has already made a huge difference. As an ocean art photographer, I am on the Central Coast a lot. Lots less!!!
Thank you!
Keep up the good fight Senator Feinstein until 2020 when we can elect a Sane President.
Thank you!!!!!
Thank you, President Feinstein...whoops...wishful thinking.
Thank you for fighting for OUR beautiful parks. They belong to us all.
concerted diversion:)))  is the anti trump fight not going well:)  how will democrats explain more losses in 2018:)
These are the monuments that count.
T-troll
Zzz
T-troll
How about Robert Byrd - why no outrage of his KKK past? And why is there no white caucus  since you have other race based caucus's?
And yet you think he can be a good president. Time to retire
Get a brain, roll in crap, insert into head and you will think better
Trump doesn't want the monuments removed. Congress,  BLM, Antifa, muslims and the democrat party are who want them removed.
Hell Dianne,  you and your fellow liberals are fighting President Trump on everything.
Just read LA Times article, trump ordered, keep some of the report secret from the public. WTH!
Senator Feinstein, thank you for your fight!
Not like California's mantains their parks
The government took this land from the American people and claimed it as monuments, history repeating itself, stop taking our land
Thank you!
Why not protect the people from the illegals with the vigor you have for going after President Trump?
Why?
About time you spoke up! Do your damn job, DiFi.
Thank You Senator! Keep up the great work! And #IMPEACHTRUMP #ImpeachNow
Thanks you Senator Dianne  Feinstein!
Thank you, Senator Feinstein. You're right - we will fight ANY attempt to eliminate or reduce the size of our precious national monuments.
Never thought I'd see the day when we would need protection from an American President.
Every state 
Representative should take a stand This nightmare administration intends 2 rape & plunder our BeautifulAmerica for profit
Thank you @SenFeinstein !
You better believe it, senator Feinstein. We won't give in, not even an inch.
yes! Leave our state alone & don't come here, we do NOT WANT YOU ANYWHERE NEAR IT!
Thank you, but honestly youre all doing a piss poor job of it so far. Zinke's shrinking natl momuments and land, pruitts killing everything
Thank you for protecting our national parks and monuments.
Yes . In THE NAME OF JESUS . YES JESUS...
Bristles Up Fight For Sanctuary State
State can take over federal land. Oh wait, the state is broke...
You betcha!  I'm with you, Senator.
Don't even think about the rest of country bailing California out when you declare bankruptcy.
Thank you, Sen Feinstein. I was recently at Mt Rushmore and Yellowstone and the natural beauty of our country must be preserved.
A grateful nation owes you.
Corrupt! So long as Mr. Blum gets his grubby paws on it first.
I guess it's only Confederate monuments that are worth saving.
You have been in ofc 10 yrs, please tell me you know how Our 3 branches of gov't work. I call & vote; you pass Our AGENDA!
Thank god..please don't let Potus do damage that's irreversible..(any more than he already has!!)
The state owns nothing the people own everything get your sticky fingers out of it
FYI. GSNM human caused fire starts = 27.7%, 29,292-acres = 8.9%  monument.  SQF human fires = 80.3%, burning 293,563 acres = 34.2% SQForest
Thank you, Senator Feinstein!
Yes!
Thank you @SenFeinstein
YES, Sen.Dianne Feinstein of S.F. Calif.
A healthy environment ensures a healthy population- of ALL species & us. Life depends on the interdependence of species w/their ecosystems.
You have a law against swimming in pools if you have had dierreha in the last 48 hrs. California is #overregulated by crazy democrats.
Thank you for protecting our national treasure
Thank you!
Too late.
Thanks for resisting.  we are behind you 100%.
There really are bigger issues to tackle. How about the racist pres. to start. Get rid of him then worry about the parks.
You will fight any attempt by President Trump to do anything.
Thank you!
Unless a corporation is willing to throw some money at you. Then you'll fold like a house of cards
Another unnecessary, divisive & destructive proposal intended to keep the applause going at next Trump "rally."
Why are there marijuana fields in Carrizo canyon in the the national monuments being targeted.  Something smells fishy.
Thank you!
WHY is Trump working to destroy the environment, pollute waters (EPA), destroy public parklands? 

Please, @SenateDems committees, stop him.
Um, no.
Thank you Sen Feinstein and @SenKamalaHarris
Thank you for protecting our environment and the monuments in CA and all over the #USA.
Thanks Senator.  For our children, and theirs, this is essential
Why is he trying to do this? Don't let him put money before the environment!
No more putting enviorment B4 humans
When will you actually fight for people that pay taxes? Stop gov't fraud and waste. I can't afford the affordable care act!
I'm in California and will not fight got this.
Go go go senator Diane!
- Of course you will! Oppose everything and accomplish nothing! That is the legacy of the Democrats!
Yes ma'am. Thank you senator
Bravo ! Stop DJT the bully!
More propaganda from the left!
California will fight any attempt by President Trump to eliminate protected parkland. #KeepItPublic
What part of "National" do the simple minds in California not understand?   What feds give, feds can take away.
"California will fight" @AONNRecords
Mark 3:28-30
