I can't get past the fact that Gorsuch was the founder & president of Fascism Forever; this is the most frightening time in my 68 years!
Thank you Senator for your continued vigilance
Scared to death... While our so called President will leave as soon as we can impeach him, SCOTUS positions are for life. #NoGorsuch
Doesn't believe that contraception is a human right and believes rights can be denied in the name religion - despite separation in USA
Senator if you had taken the IRS-Targeting more seriously then I would have had more respect for you & your colleagues-now we know the truth
Yet he's against the right to die with dignity. He is for corporations, not people. He is bought w dark money. No on Gorsuch. #trumprussia
Cruel treatment of 'prisoners'? You mean 'terrorists'? Maybe the victims of 9-11 don't care. Maybe WE, the United States, don't care.
Should McConnell go nuclear on Gorsuch, he'll single-handedly deligitimize and SCOTUS. Every person will know Gorsuch's seat was stolen.
...and Scalia just passed away? Died JUST LIKE THAT?! You fool
He was a smiling face of conservatism like Roberts and very pro-business which the GOP tried to rush through before his record came out
honey what ever works, they are criminals.
Yeah, because Hillary and Susan Rice are complete saints, huh?
Isn't mercy one of the principles that Christians believe!
Do not conveniently smirk on this. What principles do Muslims believe? ...beheadings, beatings, stonings, etc.
White Houses under criminal investigations shouldn't be allowed to appoint Supreme Court justices.
Good for Diane and for all senators doing their best to stop this nightmare! Merrick Garland was to be our next justice!
#BringBackWaterboarding
have you ever lost a loved one to terrorism?  no?  then shut it.
He's Anthony Bourdain arrogant
thank you for voting no against this mentality.
Good. Love him more. Cruel treatment of prisoners? What, no free massage?
How do you treat Americans with sanctuary cities, ask Kate's family
It's a very sad state where elected representatives of the people deliberately deceive the people. Sad very sad. Democrats hindering us!
Lies again! Geez. People need to actually listen to the confirmation hearings! I did, and you are absolutely lying.  Shame on you!!
Right. Because emails lie.  Got your tin foil hat on, I presume?
NO Gorsuch:w/Trump,ppl don't know what will happen next, Resist! 1 moment after 1 each PRESENT MOMENT: What Nuclear?
#NoOnGorsuch
Cruel person!
Isn't he a real charmer (she said sarcastically)?
Gingrich @ the plate next up 51 there also next??
Thanks Harry 51 and if there was any collusion with the Russians your pitiful party would have already released it. But what about Susan?
Gorsuch is an absolutely "F" 2 put it nicely-
Say #NoGorsuch  Sen.Feinstein
So vote NO on #gorsuch. Why are you still undecared? The #GOP will give you NOTHING for your yes vote. Make them pay for #Garland insult.
I expect more out of my senator than reposts of Democratic Party line.
#NoGorsuch #NoGorsuch #NoGorsuch #TrumpRussia
Vote No on Gorsuch.
@SenFeinstein @nytimes
This guy is not human. Wow!
I found him to be extremely arrogant in his hearing. Scary to have as a SCOTUS justice.
'Arrogant' or more knowledgeable than the Senators questioning him? He made the dems look like the idiots they are.
You are trying to cover your butt
Was worried it was true, until I saw it was the Nytimes - phew'
Please vote NO on Gorsuch! Thank you!
constituent from calif encouraging you to confirm Gorsuch, fight for next one
#gorsuch is a dressed up creep.
How should we treat captured terrorist? Glass of merlot and a sleep number bed? #confirmgorsuch
The founder of Fascism Forever favors torture. They're all like caricatures of fabled antagonists come to life. #NoGorsuch
@seanhannity @potus love true democracy #ThanksHarry next....
You clowns don't know when you're beat.
All is fair in love & war
And the worst thing as those you take up their cause just know they did kill a lot of us we defeated Germany  Japan because of intelligence
Well if I was in charge it'd be bamboo splinters under the fingernails...water boarding is a walk in the park 
Not factual
@charlie_savage  Gorsuch out!
@seanhannity  LOL sorry true constitutional democracy prevails #ThanksHarry welcome Justice Gorsuch
Yeah these prisoners you're worried about are you wanting to be your victims they were trying to kill us that's why they're prisoners
!!!!  Disgusting!
Senator if you don't block him you will go down in history as a horrible rep for CA.
He is not moderate. He is as cruel as the administration wanting him in. NONONONONONONONONONONO
sorry NO's are just wasting taxpayer money. welcome Justice Gorsuch #ThanksHarry true democracy is constitutional
Then Feinstein, you should be glad to vote for Gorsuch, because you outed the CIA on the waterboarding tactics!
And it saved lives obama!
Anyone affiliated with this regime is EVIL!
No on Gorsuch.
sorry you're no vote is irrelevant LOL
Thank you for your civic bravery and voice for we the people! #resistgorsuch
we the people would refer to the Constitution which she is against. continue wasting taxpayer money #ThanksHarry
We need waterboarding back
