Thanks for providing our "hit list" for 2018.I am sad to say that I am represented by Tom McClintock and hope we can find a viable contender
Keith - take a look at @bateson2018 for a supremely qualified & viable candidate who is running against our terrible rep. #dumpmcclintock
Thanks.  I just followed her.  It will be an uphill battle in Placer County but together we overcome
Hi Keith! If you want to get involved in the campaign at all, reach out to volunteer@bateson4congress.com to volunteer. #TeamBateson :)
4th paragraph, lost me. Sounds paranoid.
Put the CITIZENS of our state above illegals!
Ironic you asking people be put before politics. You fought for women not kept barefoot/pregnant yet push transgenderism on kindergarteners.
Yeah let's enjoy those Obamacare rate increases, deductible increases and co-pay increases.
Set the woman trying to abolish the Constitution by trying to remove the second amendment and control the first Amendment
Betrayed #TrumpDemocrats WANT sickcare #ACA REPEAL! #SB277 @ConstituentsUSA @GovPressOffice @CA_Dem @SenateDems @CNN
Thank you  @SenFeinstein
Dianne always puts the dems before the American people.she talks out of both side of her mouth. What we need is Term Limits !!
Thank you @SenFeinstein I am so fortunate to have my Senator stand up for AMERICANS
Just let the #ACA implode and hurt millions of Americans.  I guess you have your victory.
Thank you senfeinstein
Hypocrite! You are doing the exact same thing in Congress
trump is going after California because of the voting in the 2016 election. Vile & Spiteful. #Fact
That is laughable coming from u.  U have never done anything bipartisan.  U always put ur party b4 ur constituents.  #Alzheimerssenator
I like this but I'd like it more if there was a comprehensive aid package to #PuertoRico
You make this sound like it's only about you. Just saying...
You can write a new letter for the tax plan that devastates #california. #TaxReform NOT!
You're asking politicians to ignore politics? You're as dumb as Waters
Ask them to do exactly what Dems did when they rammed through Obamacare. Seems only fair and Dems are all about fairness.
Thank you Senator Feinstein. 
Now, let's impeach Trump. 

Russia, Russia, Russia!
Since your so fascinated with Russia. Ill buy your 1 way ticked straight to Moscow.  
#putinbot
Lol.  Hardly   It's no I who am fixated on the subject
Elections have consequences little lady.. In case you forgot you lost,  big-time. Time to pay the piper for the “resistance”.
#RESIST!
Yet you won’t put the people of our state above illegals..... Oh, the irony & hypocrisy.
Hypocrisy is the LYING @potus, @senateGOP AND @HOUSEGOP
Umm that would include everyone in the government, not just GOP.
Use California as the example of what not to do. The state is falling apart. Young professionals are leaving in droves. #bakwardscalifornia
Proud of @SenFeinstein!! We are a sanctuary state and proud of it.  White supremacist kill way more Americans than undocumented ppl
So why not prosecute white supremacist’s & illegal aliens?  If you break a law, there are consequences. If you don’t like the law, change it
Feinstein, how about representing ALL of your constituents and not just the liberal blood suckers.
Should we be calling House Representatives now?
How come no people in politics are subject to this healthcare ? Isn't it all free paid by the taxpayers?
Don't want to give up your 40% of the healthcare revenue in California... Dianne ??
Put the people of the state above $$$! Campaign Finance Reform.
The politics of the a car why is California and New York getting the bulk of the money and the rest United States is suffering
Thank you, Senator!
thank you diane
Feinstein doesn't want Mississippi to have better health care?
That seems almost racist.   But the  KKK was created by Southern Democrats.
She is stupid and I think she is working against Trump. Come election time she find herself looking for a job.
California republicans support the interests of southern right wing conservatives, not the people of California

स्वच्छ भारत
https://twitter.com/shatrughna9300/status/912399822656643073 …
You've been putting the Citizens of California last since you took office.
#GrahamCassidyBill is putting the people above politics, more so then Ocare is!
Thank you
Thank you for your work. Thanks for using your influence to change minds across the aisle!
We need more healthcare reform. Please work to come up with ideas and solutions rather than saying no to everything...
Thank you Senator
We can read between the lines #Commifornia Illegals before #Americans got it....time for you to be replaced...
Dianne you and you're gang hasn't put Californians first in years! All you do is tax the shit out of us!
This is why Californian's voted for & love our Senators.
This is why they will be voted out...
Do you mean all of the illegal ppl Diane?
-No, Dianne, that is POLITICS!!
@SenFeinstein of SF,Calif. Sen.Dianne Feinstein, Good Monday, 
So your leadership made them all on Medicaid?
This bill if it makes it through the Senate,House and to the WH,would take Funding away from IHSS,which helps with my daughter's Homecare
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP @Heritage . i agree with this letter. VETO this BILL.
Are you delusional? You & your Gov.have created a san.state for foreign nationals here illegally that is not" the people in your state"
You Democrats NEVER put us first. You lie and lie and lie and our state suffers for it!
Of course you want to put California ABOVE politics now.... what happened when it was obama care up for vote YOU put California LAST
Too bad you won't do the same thing. Maybe we wouldn't have the highest poverty rate in America.
Senator as a resident of California. I ask you to vote pass this measure.
You are putting politics above the disastrous ACA when you know it is not a good bill. We aren't all sheep listening to your call. Be honest
also we ALREADY have a Medicare Tax! What are you guys doing with that tax?!? #ACA #accountabilty
Trump our first dictator!
Senator.  Thank you for looking out for the people of the state of California.  If I'm to continue with health coverage, this must not pass.
Glad you have coverage. My family & I lost ours.
Thank you Senator & thank you for your NO vote! 92653-5769 voter
WhatD bill block grants 2 ALL statesCA can do whatever it wishes including keep Cov CA. Get feds' hands off healthcarevoted 4 REPEAL!
Thank you Sen Feinstein @SenKamalaHarris never thought I would even need thes funds. DREAM TO BE DOCTOR SPORTS PSYCHOLOGISTinstead here I am
you are MY senator madam, so you must know this constituent is VERY unhappy with Obamacare's astronomical $$ impact! 1/2
Please help stop this awful deathbill!
You favor releasing illegals that kill & rape children back onto CA streets rather than deport them.  How about you put the people first?
Medicare for all
