The constitution gives us our rights to bear arms. The constitution won't change. People need to change. Start blaming the person not guns!
Have you read the fucking constitution? I really don’t think any of you gun nuts have!
P.S. No one wants to take away your ‘reasonable’ RTBA
Define reasonable?  Problem is that government always takes things to an unhealthy extreme regarding its power.
Reasonable = DGC (Department of Gun Control)
Quantity/Power limits
Standard Licensing/Registration/Training
Complete Database

Like the DMV
We can't keep track of immigrants yet DGC would be able to keep track of guns?  No issues with immigrants...grand dad was one!
Did you know that less people have been deported under Trump this year, than Obama last year? 
Keeping track of immigrants costs farmers 
Keeping track of guns will cost the NRA money
It’s always all about the 
Trump rants that immigrants kill
I can rant that guns kill
The End
If you are caught with a weapon while under the influence you get an AUI.
Please get on a path to regulating guns like we do motor vehicles.
You can’t be serious. There are thousands and thousands of gun laws, most not even enforced
I’m dead serious!
A doctor's office should not look like a baby chop shop.  Enough is enough! Let's take commonsense steps to end abortion.
Look closely; these r bullets w/ 58 names of innocent Americans whose lives were cut short. We can’t continue 2 live like this @SpeakerRyan
Use the same graphic for knives. We can't continue to live like this.  And cars, baseball bats, etc. The issue is the heart and not tool.
Ok, show me a case where 58 killed by knife within two minutes from 1,200 feet. The tool is rather important.
Not really working in Chicago
Guns in Chicago come in through Indiana- very lax gun regulations. Do the research. We need a National gun policy, not every state for themselves.
So it's Indiana's fault that Chicagoans are killing each other?  Poor murderers in Chicago..not responsible for their own actions.
If you would realize we do not live in a world of lollipops and fluffy clouds real solutions for real problems stop bitching and leave@2nd
Why to you blather so much about nothing?  It is all you do is blather but in fact are part of the problem.
I will continue tweeting this until @SenateMajLdr, @SpeakerRyan, and other Republicans stop taking blood money from @NRA and do something.
Does anybody do actual fact checking   If so you would then realize how hard it would be to find Factually who’s taking money from NRA
Why don't you start with rounding up bangers and stop punishing the law abiding?
Yes, the first step should be addressing the mental health crisis that is largely being ignored by our society.
Like enforcing laws already on the books?
Virtue signaling doesn't work anymore. Where's the outrage for all the deaths in Chicago each month?
Glad to hear you're running again! America needs you! Thank you!
Yes. We need more illegal aliens, higher taxes, higher medical bills, incumbents, career politicians and Blood donors with HIV
It must be dark and scary in your brain. Go for a walk and get some sunshine
Not in my brain. In California. And please don’t use passive aggressive language with me. Save yourself the time. Thanks.
Family is pretty happy out there-guess it depends on how you look at things. Try some vitamin d.
Depends on how much money you make. I was born and raised here. California politicians are corrupt
I'm sorry your life is so hard. My cousin doesn't make much- carpenter in LA area.i just don't believe in scapegoating others
Shoo
We already have laws against what happened in Las Vegas.
Figure out how to get rid of evil and you will have your answer. Im pretty sure it tells you in the bible
Evil is always with us. If we Do nothing we enable , if we take $ from the devil we are complicit just like the GOP owned by NRA.
GOP and NRA members are individuals. NO one owns us!
U need to talk to your fellow liberals and tell them guns aren't for killing citizens.  #liberallesson
Common sense would involve you admitting there are evil people and the government punishing good people won't solve anything!
Why are fully automatic mass shootings rare?
OK. First you'll need some common sense. DC is gonna have to send out for that.
#DianeFeinstein #2A
Ban the AR15, ban large magazine capacity guns. Single bullet mentality necessary. When 2nd A. was written, that’s all we had.
I do mean well, so please keep that in mind, but "large magazine capacity guns" shows quite a bit of ignorance on the topic.
I am very far, far away from a gun anything. But I do know this- mass shootings occur with guns that carry much more than 6 bullets. Forgive
Agreed, however bombings and running cars into crowds can cause just as much damage or more. Where there's a will there's a way.
Sick of the car analogy. 90 people a day, every day, in America are involved in a gun event, whether injured or killed. Mass shootings (4 or more victims) occur almost daily. Nowhere ELSE but here.
Ur going to use common sense steps? Whatever u say everyone should listen huh? U r a Pitiful dimm.
bien
Nor should they be sued, USA bullshit!!!
Get your Republican pals to do something or find a spine.
Agree but you still need to retire
I agree.  Even Benghazi shouldn't even be a battlefield. Punish the culprits, not law abiding citizens.
How about we pass a law prohibiting people from intentionally shooting at people with guns unprovoked? That should cure it.
STOP your grandstanding @SenFeinstein. Half-truths serve no one and it's egotistical of you to think it helps a tragedy.
#RetireFeinstein
There r bad apples n every group. Dont try 2 take my guns 4 1 bad apple
When the politicians disarm their bodyguards they might have a leg to stand on complaining about citizens having guns
We need a change of hearts not a change in laws... put the Bible back in schools and you'll see the change that's needed
Nothing would have stopped the psycho millionaire that did the Vegas shootings.
Forget the common sense approach. Just ban semiautomatic weapons. Make them illegal to own sell or posess.
I agree, pass laws making it illegal to be a Democrat/Leftist
Let’s alter freedom of assembly instead. That way there are no more shootings or Democrat riots. #tcot
On a "battlefield," there's usually people with some sort of ability to defend themselves. This was another slaughter of the defenseless.
I’m no fan of guns, but all the gun laws in the world won’t stop someone hell bent on killing. Sorry - can’t legislate away lunatics.
Step one: you retire @SenFeinstein
Based on public documented information last 10yrs of mass shootings all but one was infected with Liberlism and @DNC supporters! Band them!
Millionaires and billionaires in Congress should not decide how to spend the thousandairs money. #TermLimits
Like what senator... Exactly what would have stopped that shooting?
You mean human being violence! Don't you?
That's just what you need.. some sense. Get that tree out of your own eye.
Didn't your congress pass legislation that made stock bumps legal? More liberal hypocrisy.
If you even tried to understand then you wouldn’t make such a statement
Dinosaur retire! Time to find your rocker and take a nap!
It doesn't Matter...how manylaws u gun-grabbers try 2 pass...criminals r going 2 ger their hnds on guns, ILLEGALLY!!
#Leaveourgunsalone
Tell the @FBI & @CIA to stop killing Americans to maintain power over our system. It’s time for the satanists& Iluminists to leave #MAGA
How about you incompetent so called leaders do something about GUN FREE CHICAGO KILLINGS oh wait that city run by democRATS 
FAKE NEWS. Let's enforce the rules already on the books. #maga
I’m with you Diane Feinstein
There's No "common sense" in denying Americans their rights. Why don't you go after illegal guns used in 93% of all gun crimes? #2A forever.
Tired of hearing this, what are your suggestions? Where are your ideals on how to end the violence? Your bills? All I hear is blah, blah bla
@SenFeinstein  Does this mean you will sponsor a bill for increased funding for Mental Health? #WorldMentalHealthDay2017
Stop, until you can cite even 1 law a CRIMINAL will follow, leave law abiding citizens alone.
Sure let's pass laws that only effect law abiding citizens from protecting themselves. And criminals will willfully turn over their guns
What part of a background check can predict a normal person using a gun for mass murder?
No laws would have stopped the #LasVegas shooter, fact check #Chicago with over 500 dead this year & strict gun control.  Stop #fakenews
84 and seeking reelection to yet another term in office. What's up, Senator?   Whose pulling your strings, nice lady!?
No guns n UK, look at them France Germany etc, so the hate enforce laws,
Just as soon as you stop commiting baby Geonocide because people are to lazy to wear a condom. All Baby Lives Matter.
What are your ideas?
Ok, get rid of all ur protection .
OK let's hear your common sense solution.... crickets coming I'm sure
Then do your part @SenFeinstein  by  #Retirement
IT IS MENTAL ILLNESS AND liberalism is leading cause
What are those steps?
You are getting too old to reason, I'm thinking #TermLimits needed for you.  Enforce the laws on the books then reevaluate. Simple. #MAGA
Stop blaming the gun
Democrats rely on a hysterical base.  Kinda like stomping on a red ants farm.  No facts, policy, reality.  Pure emotion and hysteria.
Can we all the Muslims too. American clubs should not battlefields.
Common sense/California? Decriminalize spread/HIV. Weinstein. Janet Napolitano. Berkeley. Sanctuary state. Taxing into oblivion. ad nauseum


What if he would have used the bombs instead. Could have thrown pipe bombs out the window........
How about common sense policies to prevent the spread of HIV????
the key words here being "common sense"  since you have no common sense.. please go make me a sammich
Common sense would mean we have something in common. But we don’t. I practice common sense. Whatever you practice isn’t.
Better yet let’s make sure you are NOT RE-ELECTED.
You mean a common sense idea like building more jails so criminals actually stay in prison instead of being released...cuz I'd be for that???! #gunophobic #timetoretire #crazyloon
Yes...return to a God fearing society
Yeah, like voting you out.
We should solve the top 100 things killing Americans first.
If your actions are opposite to your words - you are a Republican. 
GET RID OF FEINSTEIN - install a Democrat.

You are so fake.
You have a suggestion Diane or just rhetoric? What is common sense to you? Maybe when you approach it as ppl violence you'll get somewhere.
How about you use common sense and stop thinking American's are ever going to let you leave us & our families defenseless to criminals!
Yes you hear that Chicago,  Diane is comin for you illegal gun toters
democrats and leftist liberals should not have guns. Is that what you are trying to say
Common sense should tell you to retire
Let's do a better of securing the perimeter with Counter-Snipers and Bomb-Sniffing at these types of venues!
Well get rid of known ILLEGAL immigrants,that’s a start! My country,my dreams! Y’all not in it!
It is harder to get a driver’s license then get a gun. Our country is so behind the times. #GunControl
I have to wait 72 hours to take my gun home. I walk out of DMV with my license. What are you talking about???
So, he was a Democrat that killed conservatives? ANTIFA brainwashed?  Look in a mirror
Remember you work for us! “Your Fired”!!! Start by disarming your Security, your an elitist!
Respectfully, the Obama administration ATF allowed these Bumpstock devices while Democrats held both houses. Why?
Amen!
What are the commonsense steps?
increase mental health treatment access and reduce inner city poverty
Us folks in Canada have many laws. years ago also handed over illegal guns w/ no prosecution. USA needs to adopt these rules
You just said yourself no law would have stopped him. So make up your mind. Laws would have stopped him or not? The correct answer is no.

What might those common sense steps entail..?
Ok, lead the way and disarm your bodyguards. Show us how it is done.Yeah, thought so.
If it's truly "common sense" then why don't you amend the Constitution and get the 3/4 vote you need to repeal the #2A dimwit??? 

I just saw you in an interview saying no law passed could have prevented LasVegas tragedy???
if u haven't noticed, guns do kill people alone people kill people with guns, so do u want to rid people, this woman is stupid
 seems to me they are all democrats. Highest gun murder rates all over the US, the cities are democratically controlled. We see the problem
You should lead by example. Make your bodyguards give up their guns.
Let's do it!
Hi @SenFeinstein, Also, the victims shouldn’t need Go Fund Me to get Healthcare. Hand in hand. #CommonSenseGunControl & #MedicareforAll
Go sit in a rocking chair, staring out a window somewhere.
She's running... the career politician... keep on getting elected and doing nothing but spend and tax..  VOTE HER OUT... WE NEED NEW IDEAS!!
Who woke you? Paddock is a typical lib. Murderous against traditional America. You made this.
Says the person with concealed carry permit and access to armed escorts and has been trying to destroy our internet privacy.  Please retire.
Couldn't agree more.  Let's start by keeping liberals from owning guns since they always seem to be the ones doing mass killings. #Libtards
Lets BAN vehicles, cars and trucks. They kill more than all gun deaths. And everyones health would improve, walking bicycling. Public trans
What will you do with cars running down people? Will we ban knives?  What about those making bombs?
What would have stopped it? You lush.
Good. Arrest all the Antifa crazies and ISIS sympathizers to start...
Use Chicago as your test case. Prove your theories/laws there. We'll wait for you to get gun fatalities there down to suicides & mishandling
Common sense would not be having to wait for SWAT to stop a shooter in a killing spree. End the government monopoly on "security."
Yes, start by locking up criminals that use guns daily to commit crimes and kill in California. How about some action, not bullshit.
Why can't we look at mental health issues don't you think he could have flown his plane into that crowd and done much more damage the guns used in this senseless massacre where only tools.  Now your attacking gun owners try getting control of your party. Or get out.
You just said nothing would have stopped this.
Thank you
Common Sense gun regulations.

1. Leave law abiding citizens guns alone

2. Take guns from criminals 

3. Take guns from leftists

All done.
What your calling for is 180 degrees from a common sense plan
you and common sense don't even live on the same planet, lady
Sounds good to me, as long as you understand that common sense steps to reduce gun violence don't include gun control.
Killers don’t give one fu(/( about laws. This isn’t something you regulate out of existence. This guy was radicalized.
So why don’t you take any action with all the gun volience that occurs everyday ? Using this, to preach your political views ignoring facts
Your body guards first.
Where were you when Obama approved bump stocks? There is no such "common sense" solution. Look at Southside Chicago. Gun free zone, fail
Fix Chicago then talk about gun control laws ok?
Indeed, let's end gun free zones!! https://membership.nra.org/Join/Annuals  #StandAndFight #2A
The only battlefield it resembles is when the US exterminated unarmed women and children Native Americans
Repeal the 2nd Amendment. Make US like the rest of developed world, where gun violence is a fraction what it is here. #NoNRA
Dems don’t have common sense!

So are there no criminals in Australia? B/c they haven't had a mass shooting since '96.
Don't want to be Australia. Land of the free. Doesn't make sense how the left thinks Trump is Nazi but wants government to have the guns ?
Australia is one scenario where it worked. Venezuela is another where it didn't. Either way I'd rather have liberty
You just said no law would have stopped him
Talking out of both sides of your mouth as usual
STOP the devisive rhetoric
Shameful
Dems had control Congress ‘06 & did nothing

Senate Dems changed rules to simple majority

‘08 added WH

And still Nothing

Why now?
I agree. Let's leave that honor to Chicago and other gun free cities.
Senator calls for common sense. Makes no calls to fund agency tasked with enforcing gun law. #fundtheATF #commonsense
By dismantling the CIA.
1st democrats need common sense then you might have a chance for a solutions that actually work & is opposite of what the senate does
Start with gang shootings in Chicago.  It's Las Vegas every month there.
An American politician should not be in power for decades. Let's pass common sense term limits.
Oh yeah because Stephen Paddock wouldn’t have killed 58 people if Congress had passed a law that made owning a gun illegal. 

Yep like lock up the bad guys. How many people have died needlessly because of bleeding hearts?


Chicago looks like a battlefield weekly for over 9 years, do they not MATTER? Looks like a gun free zone in chicago isn't working.MORALS

Yes another democRat killer.

@SenFeinstein never took any steps to curb Antifa Rioting from the Inauguration to present day.
@JerryBrownGov @TerryMcAuliffe   Berkeley or Charlottesville should not look like battlefields, but Democrat Mayors and Governors ordered police not to interfere with Antifa Rioting.
Nothing u can do w stop criminals if they want to kill
Common sense steps such as?
There is common sense, then there YOUR "common sense"
The fault lies at the feet of divisive democrats and their propaganda media industrial complex...ban them!
Baloney. Guns are not violent.  People are violent. None of your stupid laws can stop someone determined to be violent.
#CommonSense doesn’t work when you don’t have any!
Didnt the state gov of Cal take citizens 2A ryts away, but exempted thier self? Thats y we have the 2A. Just for that reason.
What about liability insurance for gun owners, much like for car owners, could work. Required for ammo. Ins. cos. have charge, not gov.
Yet when asked on @MeetThePress you couldn't answer. 4 decades in politics and u need to "study the issue". Maybe go study and not tweet
Senator. With all due respect people bent on killing will use any means to do it; trucks, airplanes, knives.
My #guns defend me#NRA #2A
What do you suggest?           You said last week that there was nothing on the books that would have stopped this senseless act.                                 Say what you mean. You want confiscation  but to get it you need to change the constitution.
Didn't you try that in Chicago, the crime Capitol of America,te
Not when liberal politicians get protection but want to outlaw it for us.
No law would have stopped Las Vegas shooter, Feinstein says http://politi.co/2y5rieS  via @politico
There is no common sense to be found Senator. I listened to the NRA head bullet. Soon his head took shape of a block and old tapes kept run.
I keep wondering what  happened to good ol common sense
Finally!! Are you gonna sign a bill saying Democrats are to never own a gun?? Hurry up, they're acting crazy as hell!!!
...and machete violence, and knife violence, and hit-and-run truck violence, and...
Your move Senator, let’s see some courage and set aside any political costs!
The shooter Paddock who was working with Antifa/ISIS shot and murdered Republicans!
