My statement on the latest House Republican health care scheme. It's even worse than their previous ideas.
 Save #ACA again -  moderate House Representatives. List & phone numbers 
https://twitter.com/animaeme/status/857486965381267458 … …

#Resist 
NO #Trumpcare #ACHA
 "We have 43 hours to defeat TrumpCare... again"  
-BOMB these "moderate" reps ↓ (they're making up their minds now) 
CALL NOW & plz RT  
How about lowering the cost of Insurance?  Obamacare never did that. Lets give the Republican plan a try?
It did for me....
Other than the medicaid folks, the rest of the people on Obamacare have seen their plans prices rise beyond belief.
Not me. Self employed. Under current version of ACHA I'll have to close up shop, fire my 2 employees, and get a job at a company with ins.
Obamacare does not apply to companies with less than 50 employees.
Right. I buy through the exchange and have a small heart condition. My premiums will skyrocket. Hence the need for employer insurance.
Allowing individuals to enter into groups instead of employers will allow protection for pre-exist and lower rates.
Not when the law takes away the Pre-existing mandate and creates high risk pools.
I pay $400/mo with a $4k deductible for just me.  Can't afford it.  #Obamacare isn't working. I need to go to the doctor but don't have $$$
get govt out of our lives.  govt is a problem. the free market works. people with pre conditions always sick can be in a high risk pool
No. Ryan doesn't want government involved in health insurance at all. It's philosophy over policy for him. Keep up.
Dianne Feinstein wants to ROB from America and continue to IGNORE everyone in America who knows she is a THIEF !!!
Please do not allow them to do this!
Thank you! That's the hard truth of it all. The master deal-maker is sadly lacking in deal-making savvy re: healthcare.
Those close to The Clown say he doesn't really have skill to make deals. He rants and blusters and leaves. His assistants make the deals.
No no no
Yes and mangle pre existing conditions. Fix the ACA don't make it an insurance co. Boon!
You mean like Obama Care?  YOU are a joke!
Thank you for opposing this! Proud that you are my senator!
And they will. What can you do to stop them?  Why does The Clown still rule?
Thank you for your stand against ACA repeal. Improve it, and make steps towards Universal Health Care for all
What will you do?
and Democrats want to trade that for "junk plans" for everyone.
the insurance industry the past 10 years has been a battle ground be/ medication prices and fairness: health, auto, home.
needs to get on board with #MedicareForAll! @bherylann
They want to do a civil war reenactment too and shoot muskets at the poor ill. That plan is utter shit and only voters in GOP should get it.
True. Time for #SinglePayer. Let's expand Medicare for all. Insurance companies still exist in countries with Universal Health Coverage.

I bought that useless insurance for years, I'm heartbroken that they want us to go back to the insurance companies running the show.
Ya! Under Obama we all get to be charged exorbitant rates for junk plans... unless you're a senator of course.
Sounds like Obamacare for the healthy!
My deductible has gone to 6000 dollars since ACA. How is that affordable? I've had to pay out 15k in last 3 years for surgeries. Clueless
Why are you supporting terrorists? The Taylor Act prevents payments to terrorists but you don't support it. Why NOT? We want to know!
That is so not true. You went waaay astray, you quit listening to WE the people. Your crowd of obstructionist will bring us all down
There was never a time when health insurance cost more.
Why the constant derision? You routinely mock your colleges, twist & distort their words. How about working for.. FOR.. Americans. Be nice?
Medicare works for seniors and of course general public is healthier than seniors. How are we not making this happen?
That's rich coming from you, sitting in front of constituents saying you don't support single-payer as people pay through the nose for ACA.
We have junk plans. Too bad we don't have Cadillac plans like elected officials.
We have to control the narrative. Old ppl r getting screwed & older ppl support him disproportionately.
Sen. Respectfully. They're doing the same thing now and calling it taxes. If we little people don't obey Laws we didn't make, we're punished
Just another constituent of yours urging you to do the right thing and support Medicare For All. #MedicareForAll
My father couldn't get coverage and suffered for years with illness and no coverage.
What a loser of a representative
Heaven forbid people being able to choose their own plan. The ignorant masses should let you choose their plan for them.
Don't let them.  That is why we elected you.  Do your job.
My family had one of those "junk" plans. We were literally afraid of getting sick & avoided trips to the Dr.
And then drop them when they got sick.
And we want to see 45's Tax returns! And prioritize investigation into Russian ties!
The only way to stop GOP's from replacing ACA with junk is to force them to drop their HC they get free & have to take HC Plan they propose
#UniversalHealthCareNow get rid of these vampire insurance companies who provide nothing but a barrier to healthcare. Get on board please
Hey Senility, Obamacare is wallet breaking two of my family members. $550.00 for a prenatal visit with labs with the only plan available.
And what do the Democrats want to do? Because if it's not tear everything down and start over, then you're just as bad, Senator.
Then what is Obamacare?
Junk plans are having deductibles that make over priced insurance plans obsolete and unaffordable aka Obamacare
I have had employer based health insurance for 30 yrs through my union And even with  bargaining power of a union Premiums never went down
"So when a Republican says hey I've got a really bad idea, there's the Democratic saying, and I can make it even more crappier".
How could U implement O'Care when a "covered" individual can not use the plan because of high premiums & deductibles? A complete lib sham!
"Republicans are a party with really bad ideas, and the Democrats are a party of no ideas.
All the while exempting their insurance from this mess.
And what you fail to realize is "The Republicans & The Democrats; they are two bowls of crap, the only difference is the smell".
Why won't they just Impeach the Russian puppet, Trump?
You mean like it is now you rube?
can you send a link to this information so I can read it?

But they won't buy it, they want to be privileged and keep parts of the ACA.  How do people get that hateful ?
I'm STILL waiting for you to talk about Russia. You don't, you lose my vote and resoect
Please help us and save us!
If such companies do charge too much, we won't be forced to take them like we do now w/ Obcare. We'll have choices so premiums will be lower
Do something!
Pls.madame,stop 45,everything he does or thinks is Negative. No wonder he had 4 bankruptcies on his own businesses.Good for nothing.
That's what they didn't do because we received the BlueCross/Blue Shield checks to pay docs & received cc of hospital charges pd & 4 what!
Shocked: hospital charged grabdmom insurance  $14,000 for tissues. Google why Holder's wife GA abortion clinic doc in jail: Medicaid fraud!
Keep fighting, Senator!
I tried to call you today, please vote no! This will be a disaster for my family!
Or drop them when they get sick, like they did with my mother and my uncle.  We need #MedicareForAll & we need it NOW
We need #SinglePayer. Please support #SB562.
DMV-CARE no thank you. Just ask a vet how he/she is treated by the "single-payer" VA. Shlubs like you will be really screwed.
Liar
Nobody believes that but you and your Democratic Party
My plan has gone up 250 % in two years
If YOU and your colleagues would stop taking $ from Health Ins. Lobbyists and work for the PEOPLE, problem solved. Open market/competition!
Compared to junk plans with insane deductibles like you liberals created?
That's exactly what they want. If you develop a chronic health issue they just keep raising the premiums until you're priced out of it.
Then pick a different plan -- " could" being the KEY WORD HERE
As if THE GOVERNMENT gives you more ! No you take from others based on mandates, not profit based pricing.America was built on freemarket
Democrats riot over everything. We no longer care.
Fight this, our lives depend on it!
hey how about single payer
@DefyTheTrumps It's just a bait and switch ! Ppl better read the fine print !
That was never my experience. One of us is giving false testimony. I believe there are lots of people who know which is false.
And congressmen took summers off with best of class health care.
Of course, that is why Trump's billionaire &zillionaire cronies voted Trump into office with Russia's assistance!
It is NOT just "sick Americans" charged for junk plans. #AHCA gets rid of coverage for "essential health benefits." Out of pocket costs rise
We need to make Obamacare better and not destroy it. This would also help the economy.
*sigh* - I already lived through those years. They were HATEFUL. Trapped in a job I hated because of "per-existing" condition. Hateful plan.
The GOP already tried to take healthcare from 24 million and now they're caught making it worse- but exempting themselves from any cuts.
Why do most plans not cover dental vision etc. How many insurances ar we supposed to have? So what happened with todays CA singlepayer vote?
Single payer is socialized medicine. That means government will control my health. Thats pretty darn scary.
not as scary as you. get a life and grow up.
Single payer is DMV-CARE. VA is single payer & vets are left to die. What makes u think the govt will treat a shlub like u any better Binky?
At least they had Plans! 
Between Obamacare prices and Deductibles it's worthless except for the extremely ill who have to buy it
No, Senator. Our representatives in Congress are pursuing the desires of the American people that put them in office.
if thats what they want thats what they will get because the fbi will refuse to investigate and the justice dept will refuse to prosecute.
My insurance plan was much better pre Obama Care really twisted how you want to put all of us into a plan that isn't good enough for you
You oppose the only plan on the table that covers all Americans: Medicare for All. You are not on the ppl's side. Resign! #resist
Medicare for all, why didn't I think of that? Except it's already headed for insolvency by 2026, so let's make that happen sooner. Brilliant
Don't OK another war
Except not for themselves. They want to keep their Obamacare.
DMV-CARE, no thank you.
yup, the free market does not work for healthcare!
Worked very well for everyone I know. And it will again. Socialized medicine will fail, but not b4 harm.
How much did the Russians pay you to act like an ass?
