But why? Seems like he'd be a good judge. Maybe if you had a law degree you'd agree.
Because he evaded every question asked
Some people don't understand the function of a judge. Ms Feinstein being one of them. Her questions to him were a waste of time.
Justin obviously doesn't understand, how sad.
you seem upset lady, calm down :)
A woman expressing her opinion does not need you, or anyone else, telling her to calm down. Sounds like like she's got in all under control.
She might, you definitely don't lol
We can all see why you failed at practicing law.  Stick to your games, li'l buddy.
THANK YOU Sen Feinstein Gorsuch would mean lights out for our democracy, our climate, civil rights, workers rights, & reproductive rights.
OMG! Get a freakin grip! She could care less about ur rights! Trust me
Thank you Sen.Feinstein! Gorsuch is way outside the mainstream and the FBI investigation of 45 should be completed before this vote.
Idiot
Bye comrade. Enjoy the blocksky.
Thank you, Senator.
THANK YOU, Senator! He's an unfit candidate, put forth by an illegitimate leader, after GOP obstructed a legitimate MERRICK GARLAND.
Funny how all the Libs voted him in to the 10th circuit. Turn the page!
Thank you for standing up for us and protecting future generations.
Thank you Sen Feinstein, Gorsuch ruled in favor of a trucking company terminating an employee for abandoning his truck to save his life.
#liberaldrama
Shocker... Not
Senator,  you would be serving America better in a retirement home, cause you definitely don't know what's good for our country
great, As a democrat in Calif 94534 I totally oppose confirmation of Gorsuch You & other Dems must get Republicans to align
I can not support you if you can't support Gorsuch for Supreme Court
So what did you not supporting the nomination change ??..anything ?
Because your such a partisan that you don't give a shit about anything besides your party.
THANK YOU.
Thank You, Senator!
I am disappointed in you.  I expected you to have integrity.  You KOWN he is qualified and yes your last opportunity.
VOTE FOR HIM. You are pathetic.
Hypocrite!
America knows the TRUE reason why you don''t support Judge Gorsuch, YOU'RE AN OBSTRUCTIONIST and poster child for TERM LIMITS - RESIGN
And there you have it. That's why we love you. Thanks for voting NO. He was completely evasive, pretending that he cared abt people.  Thanks
Well, gwe, what a surprise. To he'll with you and your lot.
Thank you 
Idiot
@SenFeinstein  <<can't support b/c YOU don't want any Justice to know or rule according to OUR CONSTITUTION?
thank you Senator
Hey hypocrite. I just saw an old clip from face the nation where you said a filibuster for SCOTUS is wrong?? It's all politics
Thank you Senator!
thank you for truth and eloquence.  Senator Feinstein.  Sens Heitkamp, Manchin, and Donnelly should show some integrity.
Thank you for standing strong on this, Senator. An illegitimate president cannot nominate a SCJ. #resist
Her refusal to support Judge Gorsuch confirms this is the right man for the job. #maga #TermLimits Quit voting in these old buzzards.
As your constituent I ask you to join the Filibuster. The GOP denied Obama when he picked Garland. This admin is under investigation by FBI.
Trump should put up a ultra conservative since Dems don't fair and honest.
Thank you & God bless you for standing in the gap for the American people living through this nightmare.
THANK YOU!!!
I bet! Cuz ur husband won't get anymore gov't projects?
Until Trump is cleared of all charges and becomes transparent  (divest, tax returns) he should not be allowed to govern. Please filibuster!
Who cares about his taxes! You couldn't read them anyhow. Ask for Feinstein's b4 she was a politician and NOW! Funny how they all get rich
only people that agree with this BS are cry baby snowflakes!
"Snowflake" is so old ...spring has sprung
The GONG SENATE CONFIRMATION SHOW FOR JUDGE GORSUCH is being conducted WITHOUT A GONG!! Dems R WACKOS TOTALLY!!
Oh God, when is it ever about the people who voted for you...
Thank you for staying strong. #NoOnGorsuch
A filibuster would be futile and opens the door for Republicans to use the nuclear option. Please do not support a filibuster.
Thank you for defending civil liberties.
If DT was smart he'd put up Merrill Garland, moderate, mainstream & placate the left and get a health bill passed.  DT dumb.
Thank you Senator #Feinstein. Your strength & sound judgement are appreciated, necessary now more than ever. #NeilGorsuch = #Trump pattern.
Thank you
thank God
gorsuch is a liar and he's done some bad stuff, we dont want him to be a judge, its wrong.
- You've changed. We're shocked.
Good move @SenFeinstein
The only reason you cannot support Judge Gorsuch's is because President Trump nominated him. Shame on you.
Thank you senator. He ruled against a trucker whoa lost died and against disabled child's education rights. He is supporter of big business
Who not whoa
JUST NOW: career politician puts party before country, he's endorsed by the Bar Association,
Go get a mud bath or whatever you high ranking left wing out of touch with reality ppl do
Feinstein-- we don't need your vote anyway. We will filibuster our nominee in so you can relax, go to your health spa
Democrats don't give a damn about the voters only Making drama.
Don't support some positions of this judge. However we want to be careful we don't hand the GOP an issue to unite them against health care
We don't want him. Filibuster please!
Terrible decision on your part, Senator. Gorsuch has an impeccable record.
@randyprine For which we are grateful.
Thank you, Senator!
work to convince your 3 colleagues,who say they will vote to confirm,not 2vote to confirm a man whose decisions have been rejected by SCOTUS
Yeah!! Thank you Senator Feinstein!!!
What took u so long?
You never support whats right !
Nobody is surprised by that. You are just another do nothing obstructionist.
Way to stick to your guns Senator!
Thank you for representing us well.
Thank you, @SenFeinstein.
We The People want #NeilGorsuch for #SCOTUS
But you support illegal criminals running free in sanctuary cities
And once the "nuclear" option is used, it will stay for ALL other fed. judges to come. Thank you, Harry Reid!
In the end your action will not make a difference. Harry Reid's nuclear option will make you obsolete.
Thanks, but cannot imagine what took you so long. He will be so bad for America for decades! 
Thank you for taking a stand for the People versus corporate influence!! I am proud to live in California.
thank you.
Thank you!
Thank YOU
Thank you! I hope you support a filibuster too.

Thanks for continuing to represent the people of CA. We are 100% behind an all out filibuster.
About time you said something
Thank you, Senator Feinstein! You are much loved.
- Thank you, Senator.
Feinstein -- always been a joke, always will be -- can't wait for you to get out of office
Exactly why it is the right decision. Your partisan hypocrisy is what is crippling the FedGov and our nation. #TermLimits
I am looking forward to the lobster on @LastWeekTonight, but the effect on American history is not worth it @SenBennetCO @SenSanders #Istand
His vague answers tell a lot about how he'll vote. Find a moderate.
We are beyond shocked by all things Trump!  Thank you for standing up for us and for being there in Washington!
Bless you Senator Feinstein for listening to your constituents and following your own same values.
Yes! Thank you Senator
You are confused about the duty of a Supreme Court justice. Gorsuch's record shows that he does not apply law to his beliefs.
@Only4RM 
Thank you for standing up for what's right!
Phenomenal
Thank you.
Thank you Senator Feinstein for your NO votes on Gorsuch .we know you dont take these issues lightly...you make well thought-out decisions
Thank you! Please let all democrats know we will stand with whoever doesn't support Gorsuch! Anyone that does vote yes, is out
Thank you
Thank goodness! I've tried and tried to call.
Thank you Senator Feinstein! So proud you're my senator.
Thank you, please also support a filibuster!
Thank you, Dianne!!!
That's because you would rather play partisan politics than do the right thing.  I pray Californians wise up and vote you out.
Thank you Senator <3
Look at her comment from 2006 saying a filibuster isn't justified just because she disagrees with him. Hypocritical to go back on that.
Thank you Senator!!!! 
thank you dingy harry for giving us the nuclear option. MAGA
Thank you, Senator.
sounds right.  I mean the guy who nominated him is under criminal investigation for treason.
Good. We were taught the lesson of a lifetime. No Supreme Justice until the remaining count = 0 or the Dems pick one, whichever comes 1st
Thank you!
Thank You
You have not presented any legitimate objections. You &Dems look foolish. Stop this & get to work for ALL the people you represent.
Thank you SO much!!
Thank you! As a constituent, I appreciate you taking this stand.
Thank you!
please stay with that vote! Say no till Russian investigations are announced! #resist
Thank you!!!!!!
Thank you.
Thank you! #ThankYou Thank you!
You could but you lack the intellectual integrity to do so. #hypocritical #idealogue
tell it the way it really is. You're still butthurt that Trump won. It has nothing to do with Gorsuch. We are watching you!!
thank you!
Thank you!!
thank you. 
Thank you Senator Feinstein. It's not about having a law degree it's about being a mensch and having a sense of common decency.
Thank you!!!!
Thank you! The Republican kowtowing to the religious right and corporate America is at the expense of the average American. #gorsuch
THANK YOU! Trump is clearly an illegitimate occupier of our White House. No nominee of his should be put on our SCOTUS for up to 30 years!
Agree
Thank you Senator!
thank you
I'm a constituent and my wish is that you would confirm Neil Gorduch.
Thank you for listening to your constituents Senator. We can't let someone as corrupt as Trump make a SCOTUS appointment.
Thank you
Thank you !!
We must #StopGorsuch since #Trump & Co are under FBI investigation for #TrumpRussiaCollusion all Dems must unite! #Resist @DNC @SenWarren
Thank you so much @SenFeinstein. As a California constituent, I am proud and relieved you are doing the right thing.
Thank you, Senator Feinstein.
Stand strong @SenFeinstein !
Thank you!!
Thank you, Ms. Feinstein.  (We don't support Gorsuch, either.)
I bet you wish ole Harry Reid wouldn't unveiled the Nuclear Option now.  You and your dumacrats are very scummy!
Maybe you can teach @SenDonnelly a thing or two.
Thank you Senator!
It took a while but thank you!
Thank you.
You wouldn't support God if President Trump nominated him! Who the hell are you kidding? Do you think the American people are that stupid?
Thank You
Thank you!
I support you Senator!
Thank you. You done the right thing. @POTUS44
Thank you, Senator!
You go girl!
If you vote for Gorsuch, you will lose your seat and we the people will see to it. #TheResistance is watching you closely.

Thank YOU!  No probe - No robe
thank you
thank you Diane for your leadership!
Thank you Senator Feinstein
Why not, you did before Trump nominated him
We shouldn't have to thank you for resisting Trump.
Right call. No SCOTUS appointments until Trump-Russia ties fully investigated by independent investigator. #russiagate.
Hell yes, no to illegitimate puppet's picks.
THANK YOU
Thank you
Just yet Jeff sessions was okay?
Thank you Senator. Damage to the Supreme Court will last for decades.
Thank you, Senator!
So glad .@SenFeinstein is not supporting this terrible nominee to fill the hijacked seat.
Thank you. Your speech is the best thing I hear this morning.
thank you!!!
I am your constituent in #CA08 and I am glad you chose not to support this nominee. Thanks!
Despite unanimous support to the 10th Circuit. DC Politicians are caricatures from the movie Mean Girls. Like OMG!
I'm a constituent.  Thank you for doing the right thing.

Thank you. 
thanks!!!! <3
Thank you Harry Reid for the nuclear option.
Thank you!!!  #resist
Thank you.
Thank you, @SenFeinstein. We need your leadership. We are CA proud! #resist
WHO CARES JUST ANOTHER JACKASS DEMOCRAT
That's too bad
