@SenateDems will be no special prosector, no crime. 10 months investigating you found nothing, libs need to move on
Thank you for all you do. Let us know what we constituents and Americans can do.
Another two faced congress person. Term limits.
Congratulations on today's procedural moves. Politics is not a level field. Tilt it back toward independent justice.
Thank you for your leadership, Senator Feinstein
The investigation will continues nothing changes there and you know it. If Comey had died you would not be so up in arms. One person gone
Does not change a damp thing.
Please help, Senator! Independent investigation!
We the People demand an Independent Prosecutor and Investigative Committee with integrity and no ties to partisanship.
Trump fires America's top cop then meets with Russia.
President Trump has sold us out to Russia for billions.
Trump+Russia=Treason
Link not working. Error Message: "No valid source could be found."
What will it take before OUR REPRESENTATIVES ACT TO REMOVE THIS THREAT TO OUR DEMOCRACY! IMPEACH TRUMP NOW! Every day we r closer to tyranny
I swear- you always seem to be a day late and a dollar short. FIND.YOUR.VOICE. You speak for us, Senator. (I'm your constituent)
#SpecialProsecutor now!@realDonaldTrump is a liar. American public needs bipartisan investigation of #Trumprussia pls convince GOP loudly!
Independent investigation or bust.
If he'd fired Comey in Jan. he would've been accused of trying to stop fake Russia collusion investigation. #MAGA #hypocrites #demdelusions
you spend all your time on BS, when do you actually work for Americans? Where is your outrage on the gas tax hike in CA? Who you work for?

"Beyond Surprise"  Heck you all was calling for it !,,, Now that it happened, U can't get behind it,,,Amazing !
Go resign! Your party is corrupt and has zero credibility thanks to yourself and @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi @SenBlumenthal @SenWarren etc..
do something!  Need special investigation
you must do everything in your power to force a select committee or independent commission to investigate Trump ties to Russia!
We need to see @realDonaldTrump Tax Returns!
With respect Senator, you need to bring Comey now to lead an Independent Commission and continue his investigation, who better, take advtg.
You're from CA which means you're either a total wack job or a crook, no thanks.
Impeach he refers to the Russian investigation in his letter to Comey very Nixony
Thank you for speaking for me.
dianne respectfully I've watched enough I'm heartbroken for our country. There's got to be something better than watching, #MarchForTruth
Why isn't anyone talking about his attempt to intimidate a witness?
WE NEED A SPECIAL PROSECUTOR
If the FBI really had something on Trump he wouldn't be firing Comey, he'd be meeting secretly with the AG on a plane, in a remote location.
Oh such hypocrisy, Dianne ! Laughable Democrats with no principles and credibility !
Thank you, Senator!

Keep fighting the good fight. Sorry you are outnumbered!
good thing for double standards or else the Democratic party would have no standards!
Thank you!
This is the time to hold him accountable
I just came to see how many #lemmings eat you up...
How bout Hillary and her uranium and classified info and everything else she did clearly proven and against the law. You are a shame
smashing phones with hammers and bleach bitting emails was normal behavior. well maybe for Hillary
Who cares?  The law was followed to a t.
11 months and you have no evidence how long are you going to waste taxpayer money on this fraud. Also I find the timing of the investigation
starting interesting. Candidate Trump questions Comey in July 2 weeks later an investigation into Russian ties opens up even Dems have to ?
Good job, Senator Feinstein. Continue to press for independent prosecutor. The country depends on this.
Comey, Llynch, Hillary & Rice, all Obama appointees, should have been fired by O.  Lynch & Hill lied about Benghazi.  Rice illegal spying.
Now ALL senators, republican & democrat better move their money around because many of u, as well as HRC, may be investigated! #lock'emALLup
Ted Cruz advocating for Noel Francisco as Solicitor General says "I'm glad it's not a requirement of Senators to be learned in the law."
Might I also add, it has been reiterated by clapper, as well as others just recently, there is no evidence of collusion. Investigation OVER!
please shut this farce of an administration down until subpoenas can be served.
No affirmation of any appointees until investigation complete.
Do not let Rudy G near this - fraud corruption at its best.  Did you see McConnell act like he cared what Dems thought?
Rudy to be named head of FBI, he knew about leaked emails from Posesta before released by Wiki.
How can he be independent?
Anything to be an Obstructionist. Might as well be like these guys... What it comes down to.
This Californian watched.  Thanks for the link.  Time for the GOP to wake up and cooperate with preserving our democracy.
Sort of like the Dems did with fast and furious in 2010 oh wait that did not happen the IRS in 2011 oh wait they did not do that either
U R OUT OF UR MIND WOMAN 
All the time u libs spend on trying to oust Trump, where do U have time to take care of your constituents? Oh wait, U just want their votes!
@POTUS was justified in the firing and should be given credit for the delay until several including yourself reported no collusion.
Such a mess, thank you for standing tall.
Like these guys...
Grow up.
Makes @TheDemocrats Calls for Military Action under Trump's "leadership" look pretty damned irresponsible.
Why is it that CA has the WORST nutcases in the union representing There was NO separate prosecutor for Clinton. Trump collusion waste of $$
Ken Starr was independent prosecutor into Bill Clinton. Hillary also should have gotten one instead of that partisan mess.
Comey last straw:  Reported yesterday the opening of a money laundering investigation?
We want and need a successor with unimpeachable integrity and impartiality. We want and need an independent investigator. Fight for us/U.S.
@SenFeinstein makes me laugh every time she opens her mouth! Dems really need to retire this poor woman!
Watching on @MSNBC  Special Prosecutor needed
Treason is not a republican value.  Get that clown out! Not a partisan issue folks. #IndependentInvestigation  #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
The video on that page says, "Error: no valid source could be found."  Has anyone gotten it working?
Link didn't work.
Just last week you said no evidence... you are on the offense now because he covered for the wrongdoings of dem. and the Obama adm..
Not surprised airhead DiFi is quoting the proven liars at CNN!  NIXON NEVER fired FBI director!!
Thank you, Senator! The country appreciates your voice. Please push for an special prosecutor!
This is a witch hunt and must stop. More pressing matters facing our country.ITS NOT SURPRISING.  Retire
Bravo @SenFeinstein for your integrity.
It is so refreshing to watch you liberals chase conspiracy theories instead of the GOP.  Yes, you look foolish.
Should be a boring affair with fake outrage, accusations and unsubstantiated claims.
it is time for the call for impeachment his behavior requires it Senator
All she is going to say is the same old rubbish the cry baby Democrats have been saying since they lost
I doubt it does any good. We're fucked. This has become a dictatorship now. What comes next? Abolish elections?
A special prosecutor? Does that mean that you lost faith in the FBI just because Comey isn't there?
Absolutely: Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California; Understood
You must call for a #SpecialProsecutor (I'm your  constituent)
She's ahead of you
We need an independent prosecutor to oversee the Russia investigation. I plan to work closely with @SenBlumenthal on this.
#trump says #ComeyFiring has nothing to do w/ #TrumpRussiaInvestigation & same day Sarah Huckabee Sanders says time to move on from #Russia?
Dont you find it funny that Trump ?s Comey and HRCs emails 2 weeks later an investigation in Russian/Trump ties opens up come on already
Do you always speak in gibberish & nonsense or is your Russian translation software not working this morning, I mean evening for you...
Oh thats a great comeback. Wake up the entire Russia story is fake and anyone with a brain knows it sorry scarecrow that you dont
Kick ass, Senator!
Joinn us to #MarchForTruth June 3rd

