Dear Senator, why should other hard working Americans in other states pay for free health care for all of California's ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS?
You do realize that the state of California is considered one of the least federally-dependent states, right?
My prob with California is that illegals cost you...the American taxpayer a lot more money than you should pay. Or use money on our kids etc
Health costs incurred by immigrants are covered under emergency Medicaid funding because the US does not turn away anyone in need of care.
That's funny because I know several white men here in Arizona that can't afford ACA and CAN NOT GET GOVERNMENT AID....again...why?
Have a plane to catch Ashley, good debating with you. Health, happiness and prosperity to you girl.
If you create more jobs and get the ppl who are on welfare and SSI that can work and save the ppl who are really disabled might help.
It would help if u directed ur comments 2 republicans since they control the government(house, senate,white house). Di is doing her best.
None of them are  doing best. We can agree to disagree. Ppl just want to blame one side. That's why nothing gets fixed
You need to watch schoolhouse rock to learn how a bill becomes law.
You need to learn that most politicians lie and  don't care. It both sides that are wrong but ppl like you want to play democrats are great
It he who controls the votes calls the shots and republicans control everything so your desire for a just system is controlled by them.
So let's face it' you just want to blame who is in charge right now, not who got us here. It's both. But hey blame one side all the time
You're a lying politician! You're in it for you and your donors. The "already there" crowd. We can buy our own ins and not be forced by you!
Be even more coverage if you just stopped blocking #singlepayer. #stoptakingthechecks.
How do they justify this? Do they really think  we're stupid or hoping 45 supporters will buy the rhetoric?
that $129B gets funneled to states that voted Trump
Exactly.Padding their pockets, while people die.Maybe that's what they want, to rid the U.S. of democrats, a new form of genocide.
Are you serious? California doesn't even want to be apart of the union, to get federal money you have to follow the rule like all states
Great debate! Liberal.
Unfair
I don't know maybe save money by helping Americans and legal immigrants and stop spending so much helping illegal immigrants.
Then get with the program and Deport all these persons with no constitutional rights
Your a liar and you just don’t want to vote for the bill you politician just throw fake numbers out cause you think we’re stupid!
"Federal Funds"?....that's my money.
CA voters DONE w/ #ACA TRAITORS! #SB277 #VaxXed "preventative" sickcare HARM! @GovPressOffice @CASenateDems @CNN @POTUS
Support Medicare for all
Good.  At least feds aren't supporting your illegal immigrants
Maybe if California hadn't over spent the last three decades and balanced their budget you wouldn't have so much to worry about
Poor babies
I know and thank you for not supporting this wreck. xo from San Clemente
At least CA can. This will kill off poor black ppl in Louisiana, Cassidy's state. White Nationalism hidden under tax cuts.
GOP Red States want to drain (rob) BLUE STATES
then stop giving welfare etc to illegal aliens- that will fix that, and then some
Good. You, pelosi and moonbeam are sucking the life out of us
How many billionaires do you have in your state?
Sad
Then stop ramping up Medicaid at ridiculous rates.
HATEFUL MOVE BY TRUMP TO PUNISH YOU AND IT'S CITIZENS TO CONTROL YOU LIKE HITLER AND OTHER FACIST DICTATORS OPERATED
@California will lose more money if we keep supporting sanctuary cities


Californian's Payin $15billion/yr for there own health thru taxes then buyin health insurance for $5000/yr personally is double dippin.
You could always provide fewer benefits and spend less money...
Keep fighting for us. #SaveACA #nullify2016 thank you, please keep Chuck Grassley in check Need to keep eye on integrity of investigation
They just don't understand the consequences of their actions nor do they care .
Stop paying taxes to Washington !! Pass a law to keep that money produce by state  to stay on the state !! Take care you state first !!!
You shouldn't have pass Obamacare disaster to begin with! Now live with the consequences of this garbage coming to an end. You did this!
And how much do we have to pay as our portion of fed taxes for horrific war / military spending? Can we stop war please? Use $ for good!
Stop paying for illegals and cut your cost
Why don't u succeed from the USA. I'm sure Calif could survive on its own. NOT!
I'd sell popcorn to the other 49 states as they watch that show unfold.
As your constituent I urge you to vote for #GrahamCassidy-Blue Shield, Cross, Anthem and others leaving the exchanges#dotherightthing
Oh no. Then you couldn't afford to give illegals all that free stuff
Like Puerto Rico but not... how would CA ever recover from this HUMAN-inflicted disaster?   #NoGrahamCassidy  Another disgraceful bill.
Maybe if California wasn't so mismanaged by the libs you would be able to balance a budget
Senator Feinstein, As your constituent I urge you to vote against the Graham Cassidy bill.
GIVE AWAYS COST DON'T THEY... WE NEED JOBS NOT HANDOUTS FOR FREELOADERS!!
This because under slanted Obamacare regulations, CA is getting $129 billon too much.
How much are illegal immigrants costing us?
CA needs to learn some fiscal responsibility!
Maybe fix the Medicaid then
Who are the California Republican congressmen we need to get rid of next year?  They are putting party ahead of California.
Who exactly is supposed to pay the $129 million? It's not the government...it's the tax payers!
Maybe California would learn how to spend money more wisely. But probably not.
Per Sen Graham 4 states with only of 20% of the population are getting 40% of the healthcare $. What are you gonna tell the other 46 states?
NEWSFLASH

California is better off without the 100 pound sack on our necks called the US
#FreeCalifornia
Since you're in bed with Hollywood, it shouldn't be a problem, hey?
Because you keep the deadbeats instead of sending them back. 1 in 3 it's your fault
F california
How many billions spent on illegals?
Sure have that when California is 1.7 Trillion in debt...
It's pretty obvious that @GOP wants to punish "LIB" states like CA, NY, NJ etc...#PoliticsNotPunishment #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
this will make the cost for your health care go way UP and this will be everywhere not just California say NO to the new NO health care bill
Do what you can do to run out the clock!!  Rest up for some all nighters on the floor next week. We are thankful for you!
You need to do something drastic and try listening to the people you represent and NOT your self interests.
We would save a ton of wasted tax dollars if you would just repeal the ACA!
Maybe...stop spending so much??
Quit paying for illegals to have free everything and watch how fast the numbers drop in CA.
I hope California's Republicans pay attention.
Here's a unique idea for Democrats: Find a way to control and reduce costs instead of just spending more and more.
How would  that be fair?
Start making ur residents pay for their own stuff instead of giving so many HANDOUTS!!!
Thank you Dianne for your clear stance against #GrahamCasiddy. Hope you can help convince 3 of your GOP fellow Senators to stay strong
Sounds like a failure by CA legislator.  Poor planning.
Sen.dont you worry about nothing God is gonna take care of everything the Republicans gonna give up on Obana care
Deedee, CA can offer any plan it want's. It can even go, single payer, if you wish
No one cares. #SanctuaryCity 
#SanctuaryState
Good.  Enjoy that.  Perhaps you'll rethink the whole we won't enforce immigration laws thing 
If Trumpcare and tax cuts pass as outlined now, a general federal tax withhold as protest would be in order.
After Citizens United if money is free speech, what is withholding taxes as protest in light of 1st Amendment?
#killthebill
Just paying your fair share right?
California mismanaged the fraudulent MediCAL program and used it as an entitlement, attracting the poorest of the poor. Restructure MediCAL
Why shd taxpayers outside of CA  pay for our state's healthcare? It's bad enough that ACA is a redistribution of wealth in the 1st place.
Ca made mistakes taking on too many Medicaid via OBcare folks now it biting them in the rear.
Once again - abled body ppl should not be receiving Medicaid nor should illegal immigrants - audit & get them off & you WILL FIND #'s inline
This is why America is broken. POLITICIANS  is only for the the VERY WEALTHY that bank roll their elections..
That's horrible that's unacceptable that's unconstitutional
That's due to DEM/CA commiment to continuing welfare and infringement on free market.
Why is it not fair to get to the same amount per person regardless of which state you live in?
But don't those federal funds come from California taxpayers?
That's your problem! You politicians In Ca. are AGAINST everything! Why don't you try and stop being the giving FREE state to ILLEGALS?
Do you really think you had a fair deal before. Screwing all the other states
Californians have to pay for their own health care? The horror!
I hope you have to start paying your share! The rest of us won't have to!!!
Could someone note that they need the repeal for the tax cuts otherwise no tax "reform"??
@KenCalvert are you going to let the R's do this? What have you done for me today?
I don't want to pay for your Alzheimer's bills.  #timetoretire #findahome
Without it, all of America will be paying for it.  Why should an entire country bad for bad health decisions of Californians?
Thanks for your efforts!!  We will fight them!!
Support my plan instead.  Move America towards predictive medicine.
California really needs to figure out how to best flex its muscle.  We pay more to Feds than we get back in order to subsidize red states.
Why should CA  get funds for illegal immigrants and sanctuary cities!
Graham is bribing Alaska Senator with alot of Medicaid money which leaves us with less. Of course she's a repub.
@SenateDems @SenateGOP Vote NO on #GrahamCassidyBill it is intrinsically bad! Don’t listen to @POTUS VOTE YOUR CONSCIENCE & VOTE NO
Let's withhold that amount from all the tax dollars CA sends D.C. every year. Let dumbfuckistan try trickle down w/out its biggest donor.
How much more would they pay for single payer?
So, what’s your take, Sen? Will we defeat it?
Sounds like you need to put more undocumented people to work or stop giving freebies out
It is all about punishing the blue states and Koch money, sadly not really about health care, congress should serve the people not donors
Nobody cares about California I thought California wanted to be its own country

That's horrible but so are tweets to N. Korea from POTUS.  Do something. NOW. When you're silent it looks like approval. Speak up.
California can afford a program like this.
(3/3) Tending towards taxation without representation. #TaxFairness @SenKamalaHarris
(2/3) representation in DC compared to states like WY, and we carry much larger share of federal budget... @SenKamalaHarris
(1/3) Although you and @SenKamalaHarris are doing a great job, it's time for California to renegotiate terms of statehood. Diluted ...
How about $$ state, county & city law agencies will loose over "Sanctuary" crap. Ignore Fed law?Can I ignore tax law?Gun laws?Anarchy!Shame!
Seems like we are being singled out by the @GOP
OMG!... how much money are the rest of us sending to California for your healthcare...and us any of that slated for non-citizens?
CA sends its tax money to D.C. and only gets back .75 on the $1. CA already subsidizes red states. Plus they send you food.
And what would the offset be if we continue obamacare?
ouch.
good thing California is so rich.
single payer healthcare for the democrats ONLY.  paid for by democrats ONLY.  that would pass. everyone else. free choice.
Why didn't you help develop a great healthcare? So you have no right to complain. You KNOW Obama Care is awful except those on Medicaid!
Frankenstein would have represented CA better than Sen. Feinstein and been more approachable by the public. Also, Frankenstein was smarter.
California is not the only State in the Union but it sure need a good accountant to advise you of how you are spending inappropriately.
Good Friday, @SenFeinstein, T.G.I.F.,  This First Day of Autumn-Fall
Good
How much is CA spending for that stupid train?  You don't mind that one cause your hubby is making $$$$ from it!
To hell with California. Take the money you're spending on illegals and take care of the American citizens.
BooHoo - Do you expect other Americans to pay for your illegal practices. Other states will use money they need in a more appropriate way.
California shouldn't get funds for illegal immigrants and sanctuary cities!
Oh...
Among t/ many horrors of Graham/Cassidy, it apppears 2 B  WEAPONIZED  against t/ states which expanded Medicaid coverage under Obama. 
Please tell me you support Medicare4All? If not you’re fighting something with nothing. #Medicare4All 
I do support it but this week is not the week to have this argument
Is that a quote from her? Because it sure as hell sounds like it.  This week is not the week to argue over something that's much better.
It is much better but we are playing into the GOPa hands while they can still pass their crap with 50 votes.
In 08 we had a democratic president, Democratic House of reps & a filibuster proof senate & still didn’t get single payer or Medicare4All.
CA is the black hole of federal financing, the Greece of America, a place where legislators bathe themselves in money and cry for more.
Typical @GOP maneuver. Let's Pillage Blue States to pay for Red States!
We are counting on your tireless advocacy and your ability to convince the Ghoulish Old Party to remember the rest of us are humans too.
You misspelled "now we have to pay for our own shit"
It would be no problem if you guys stopped wasting our money. All you ever do is raise our taxes and cry we're broke.
#NoGrahamCassidy
Liar liar pants on fire.
Its obvious republicans are attacking successful blue states to give to their poor red states @lindseygrahamsc
Isn't it worth it to provide healthcare coverage to people??  Are you cold and uncaring?
Is sen Feinstein more worried about money or that "people will die"?
The GOP loves to hurt Ca in anyway they can.
Because California is run by lunatics!!!!
No!!!
Maybe it is time to cut the fat, maybe stop being a sanctuary state. Taking care of illegals isn't cheap. 17% of CA's budget now.....hmmmmm
#RunOutTheClock  You have some power. Drag your feet! Stop this bill. Millions will suffer, thousands will die at the hands of the Koch Bros
Stop giving the feds money.
Why do you believe it’s moral for State of CA to demand taxpayers in the other 49 states fund California’s health care?
Are you kidding? CA already gets back less than $0.75 per $1 they send to the Feds. Red states are the loser moochers.
If by “loser moocher” you mean people who believe they should be allowed by the Gov’t to keep what they earn, I agree.
FEINSTEIN : DECEIVING SOME OF THE PEOPLE  MOST OF THE TIME : WILL NOT SUPPORT AN AMERICA 1ST AGENDA : OBSTRUCTIONIST : UNAMERICAN
And the reason is.... That you have relied on the Feds to pick up your debts!
More importantly, look at the hooks #GrahamCassidy includes to destroy women's health, invite lawsuits and inevitably reverse #RoeVWade!
Just defunding PP.
Talk to @SenJohnMcCain. Ask him to have a heart!
California can save bundles if they cut out defending illegals and start wasting  $! Use the .10/bag $ lmao
This seems meant not only to damage even kill millions of Americans but to damage the states with the strongest economies in the country
Correct. Those are almost all democratic leaning states, so danger to the GOP plutocracy
Let's fight to improve upon the ACA, not repeal and replace!  Protect the people you supposedly represent!
So does this mean that anyone who votes Democrat their taxes will suddenly be higher? By stealth?
Is this a surprise. Trump and his regime do not like us.
I think California needs to stop footing the bill for the federal gov. We get .75 cents back on every dollar we pay. Invest our $ in CA.
Maybe we stop sending in fed taxes?
California is broke, hate to tell you
I’ll take anything over paying a life tax. What are you doing with money I give for services I don’t need?
Thought we will all be dead because of global warming
Two-pronged approach.
Gr-cas sold their souls to get their names on a bill and a love in with the liar.
That's exactly why U&the rest of Ur colleagues need2make sure it does not pass Myself & the rest of SAN FRANCIANS R counting on U&SEN.HARRIS
America's ready to vote you off the island.
Fine&what will it pay or the Fed. Govt. Which it taxpayer money pay UNDER  OBAMACARE, do not speak from 1 lens alone ISSUE IS MORE COMPLEX
Get your facts straight California foots the bill for the rest of the country.
Damn straight.
This bill is a sarcastic, cruel proposition to hurt American ppl, just give wealthy a tax cut. GOP stop this
Your colleague is blaming the FBI for Trump's Russia collusion, stand up for the TRUTH
How much $$$ surplus if CA quit giving gov't benefits to illegals?
Sorry.  But your buddy @ChuckGrassley says it doesn't matter how many lose coverage or die.  He says he's voting for it for politics.
Well That's mighty friendly of him
Here's Grassley's actual quote: "You know, I could maybe give you 10 reasons why this bill shouldn't be considered," 1/x
"But Republicans campaigned on this so often that you have a responsibility to carry out what you said in the campaign." 2/x
"That's pretty much as much of a reason as the substance of the bill." 3/3
Let your ILLEGALS pay for it.
I have an idea, how about if the Koch Bros do their civil right thing-pay the CA loss of federal $, wouldn't that be better use of their $$$
KEEP CALLING 202.224.3121 share Ur story. I was told by GOP ofc have ppl call w/ their story. Maybe GOP needs stories 2 defend to Koch Bros.
