Really? Can you find me a doctor & hospital that simultaneously take my insurance? Why are you not on this plan? Answer plz!
no! Put able bodied to work to get healthcare. It is NOT a right. Stop nanny state and you need term limit, enough paid to you
Precisely the PROBLEM! @BarackObama has turned ppl into #Socialist Mooches! #repealobamacare CONFIRM @jeffsessions
Yes, and, what about the rising freelancer economy? If you are self-employed, 50+, with a pre-existing condition, you're hosed
Remember when we were told they specifically would not be covered?  By Obama? Another lie.
Well ACA a disaster, and its time to replace it with something that works for all people. Embrace the change Di.
@NancySinatra I want it proven that those ppl r all legal citizens of this country.
What about the majority of Americans the ACA has hurt? Do our families not count?
have all your Hollywood friends pay for everyone's health care in California the worst state in country America's bubblepeople
Quit lying 2 ur low information voters.ACA is all about power & control,nothing about healthcare.It's in ur communist handbook
If @Democrats focused on saving good jobs, maybe THE other MILLIONS could afford insurance, forcing UNAFFORDABLE.C.A. is bad
GOP morality:
Pro life until birth
Anti life(ACA) after birth
 #WomensMarch
yo mom what's for dinner
what about ALL the people who cannot get on Obamacare? Cannot afford it, Deferred, they have illnesses too?

thank you for standing up for the ACA!
if rhe ACA is so important to CA why didnt you show up to vote for it???
@DrNancyMD please save ACA and PP! We need health care!
@FoxNews are the 5 million the illegals that voted?
@NancySinatra
It seems we the people are going to be caught in the middle of an ego trip. Not good :(
So sad that the GOP is on a path to exact revenge or show the pettiness of repealing ACA without thinking who it will impact
For some reason I don't believe you.
No. Get rid of the ACA. you're part of the reason we're so upside down in CA & DC. Also, confirm @jeffsessions stop playing @SenFeinstein
then you should have made it affordable so it wouldn't need repealing. It simply shifts healthcare from one group to another
we have to repeal it to see what's in it
Why have premiums doubled , tripled 
How many illegals Dianne?
I will literally die if we lose it...Not being melodramatic...Fight resist fight
Please stop them
@MikePenceVP @SenSchumer @SenateMajLdr @kevincorke @HispanicsTrump D Time  u folks learn negotiate so far all r worthless #TX
Seriously, with the GOP willing to kill people rather than admit they R wrong on ACA...what can Dems in Congress do?
are school nurses covered?
too expensive. There must be a better way to pay for this.
this is life or death for lots of people, maybe 4,000 a year. More than the 911 tradgedy every year
Get the government and their regulations / mandates out of healthcare altogether.  Lawmakers should be subject to any reforms.
Then please don't allow ACA to be repealed!
Why did you vote to confirm Pompeo?
Use some of your sanctuary funds to help Americans in your State. The UNaffordable No Care Act is out of here.
hypocrite you say one thing and vote with Trump when you think no one is looking
then PLEASE protect it.
Millions of Americans were counting on you to oppose #Pompeo's nomination. Why didn't you?
@Maggyw519 saved my life from stage 3 cancer
# a Americans will die under drumpf gop Lord please help
But yet you #voted for #Pompeo #Do your #job #gobigorgohome and #bakecookies
quantity is not nearly as important as quality, and the quality of #Obamacare plans is way below standard
To Trump & his minions, these people are just collateral damage. They must be stopped.
Absolutely Sen. Dianne Feinstein
Is that why you voted Pompeo in for CIA Director? Was it a compromise to win a bigger fight? Because he is AWFUL! #notmyvoice
@cnnbrk @MSNBC @FoxNews @nytimes since wont do it, we will ask. What is Dems plan to save it? Do you deny needs to be fixed?
But you voted to confirm new CIA chief who likes torture. What do you really stand for? How can we tell?
why did you approve #cabinet pick #Pompeo
hey, stonewall any trump SCOTUS nominee. Don't reward Republican intransigence
Does this mean you are going to vote for Price the same way you voted for Pompeo? I won't vote for you next term if you do.
So, why are you confirming deplorables to the cabinet?
Why did you vote for Pompeo? Love, A Californian who votes.
