When has Trump shown a shred of compassion for anyone outside of his own family?
His whole life, Lenny. His whole life! The stories are numerous you just want to ignore them.
Very true Randy...Trumps while dim profile is fake. He's a true patriot.
Again. Show me the stories. So far all we've seen is a corrupt lying businessman. I dare you to prove me wrong.
Not going to get in a Twitter war Lenny. Do a real search on your own.
I have. Since Trump became a nominee. I have yet to find anything. Not looking for a war.
See ya Lenny
Lenny's going to find out grown ups have seen & heard http://more.One  of the few good things about grow older.
The Koch brothers are dangling millions of dollars for them if the are successful in repealing. Otherwise no $$$.
What are you implying? The Democrats are only about cash?
Both sides are into money, however the dems are supporting the people right now.
You didn't care about those affected when you voted for Obamacare.

I don't understand how some1 who rises to th level of th Senate could think expecting people to pay for their own stuff is taking it away.
Are we "taking away" their food and clothing if we don't make some1 else pay for it?
I'll gladly help the less fortunate because I'm a Christian. Are there lazy people, yes. Let's weed them out.
It's simple. You rationalize it by dehumanizing the babies, then you can claim you aren't supporting killing innocents.
I believe all lives matter.We can agree to disagree. I was raised by great Christian parents and I will always care for all.
If you "cared for all" you wouldn't support an organization that kills millions.
How many die that Don't have healthcare . Two sides to every story
Because America has lost its heart and soul to Trumps screwed up ideas and #PresidentBannons destruction of all things good about the USA
America is a cesspool of racist misogynistic deplorables holding the country hostage. There is no greatness and there will be no greatness
He doesn't see them (us) as his "customers"... Therefore, we can just drop dead.
#Trumpcare #KOCHcare
he even admitted it
In Leaked Tape Mitch McConnell Admits The Koch Brothers Are Running The Republican Party Koch's own @GOP says Mitch! http://www.politicususa.com/2014/08/27/leaked-audio-tape-mitch-mcconnell-admits-koch-brothers-running-republican-party.html …


Recently had 4bypass $186k paid by insurance. Now if I lose my insurance (61yo), will never afford insurance again if GOP bill passes!
Trump has never been known for compassion. He's aced the test for being an ignorant bully
It's not a vote about healthcare. It's a vote to prove blind loyalty to whatever McConnell says on behalf of Trump. A loyalty test.
Since it is a vote to show loyalty, the contents of the bill are irrelevant.
It is truly confounding and stunning-these men are well educated. They know they are voting for crap!!!!!
They are voting yes to defend a campaign promise. Nothing to do with benefiting their constituents. Self serving selfish
Who will it take away from?
I dont either. Or the mass euthanizing/culling/slaughter the BLM/Stewart amend want to do to our wild horses/burros.  This is horrific. Stop
if its so great why are you exempt and have your own health coverage. Isn't it good for everyone?
This is America ruled by luciferian agenda
Then tell @GOP that they better have hearings on #Trumpcare very quickly, or they will be unemployed after the next 2 elections.
Have you read the CBO report. It doesn't take it away from millions, millions will opt out of insurance when it is legal to do so. Their #'s
My wife used the ACA 2 years age, very high premiums and an extremely high deductible. That was the worst so called insurance I've ever seen
You do realize that these people survived in America before the ACA... They can survive this... Do you really have that little faith in us?
Say nothing until you walk in the shoes of folks who need insurance. The way it was wasn't optimal
You can't blame a system for what you failed to do. Work hard and pay for your own healthcare there's no excuse to not afford healthcare.
Why don't you give up your health insurance and get the same coverage as the people in your state if you are so concerned about them.
Obama Care came into effect to switch over to Socialist medicine! Americans don't want it;it was shoved on us! Arrogance over powers Health! – at Regency Park
@ChezFlorette Why? U don't need 2 "hear from" 2 know what affects will be. Those 4 it either don't care, r scared, or makg $$!
HEALTH CAREǂ INSURANCE : INSURANCE many can NOT afford!  If you want more people to have access to HEALTH CARE support #MedicareForAll
https://youtu.be/zcKSVaffrRY 

Huge DNC & Dem scandal
Awan Bros are tip of iceberg
Avarice?
You ARE hearing from those who are affected...that's why it's going away.  We don't want it!
Feinstein & Dems have SHORT MEMORIES.
That's EXACTLY what U DID passing Obamacare.
U STILL fail 2 mention millions that lost it cuz of OC
BS
Then #HoldTheFloor to slow it down
because they did not CARE.
Because they are beholden to the oligarchs
a dictator!
Cold hearted And Greedy men without a conscience!!! Paybacks are HELL!!!
What about the millions of people who aren't subsidized at tax payers expense who can't afford it for themselves. Way more uninsured.
Some people are evil. They truly don't think anyone's life matters but theirs.
Because they don't care about people, just corporations and profits.  THIS is what is WRONG with Congress.  They push their own agendas.
I don't understand how you are still against single payer...
You KNOW how badly compromised he is with #Russia and you keep it to yourself. Why the big shock on his latest soullessness?
Then you don't understand your own system of government and employment.
Have you listened to those affected by high deductibles, sky high premiums, or being fined for not purchasing the aca?
You aren't listening! They are sharing stories of those affected!
BECAUSE THEY DON'T GIVE A SHIT, SENATOR!
They and their families have our federal insurance so they don't have any worries. The American people pay for them to have great insurance
Who did you listen to before ramming Obamacare down our throats? The pizza guy?
its the twinkie defense!!!
Well you could ask @SenJohnMcCain. He said he wouldn't vote yes for it, then did just that...
You should understand perfectly since you signed the beginning of a rip off call ACA
As long as insurance companies are involved rates will go up, deductibles will go up, and services will go down.
Ask the Lobbist that give money to both republicans and democrats.
If this law passes I wonder what people will do to have medical services and insurance
So you will do everything in your power to stop Trumpcare? Use your institutional history, experience and smarts to fight for healthcare!
If you are honest Senator there are people affected on both sides & nobody is helping solve this no Dems & no Republicans
And what did the ACA do to all of us?  Your a dimwit and need to be out of politics!!
I understand clearly the GOP cares more about erasing Barack Obama's Legacies at any expense to the American people
Please get this dangerous @POTUS locked up and his little friends too. We can't take much more out here.
I can tell you a thing or two on how Obamacare affected my family and it's NOT good!! Get rid of government control.
It's not perfect by any means but 4 every 100 ppl that it hasn't helped, theres 1000 that it did. How many ppl r  actually alive bc of it?
Alive? No one gets turned away from getting med attn. the young peeps are taking the fine, this is supposed to implode, the Dems count on it
u do know theres a lifetime max for health insurance? I follow thousands of kids with cancer & that's one of their main concerns
The chip program is and will always be there for the kids
I don’t understand how anyone could vote to advance a bill that takes health care away from millions without knowing what's in it.
Thank you for voting against this ridiculous and shameful bill
GOP. Does. Not. Care. Period.
Go away Diane! We know who you represent.
#MedicareForAll
I don't understand how you could vote to approve virtually every Trump nominee but here we are.
Greed to line their own pockets won. They never cared and don't think everyone deserves health care.
What about the millions that was affected by having to buy something they didn't need!
I agree torally.
Totally
You did it once before without hearing from the millions whose individual policies and doctors you outlawed with Obamacare.
Oh, I think anything they hear falls on deaf ears, and McConnell wil fail until this stops
These are not policy differences. These are bad people.
More importantly use the best health care paid for with tax $$$ by those who can't afford their own. #hypocrisy
@TheDemocrats No one cares for the poor. I hope they all get voted out.
Money. Testosterone. Power. Greed. Idiocy. Jealousy.
And yet you voted for Obamacare...  I don't see how anyone could confuse health insurance with health care, but there you are.
Pardon me if I'm skeptical of your true concern

Feinstein Hosts Industry Fundraiser Days After Dissing Single Payer
Money > empathy
Have you talked to the people that have had the cost of their Healthcare double and triple with deductibles so high they can't use the ins??
You'd think that ppl may have some more common sense. Then again the tea party believe hurricanes occur cause of gay marriage
Millions of people now have no health care because of Obamacare can't afford the premiums are the co-pays ignorant people wake up
- It's just that they are politicians who care only for themselves.
Why in the hell would you qualify that statement? What is wrong with you people cowing to these fascists!?
Enough with the lip service.  #Medicare4All would cover everybody yet your against it. Get back to representing your voters not your donors.
Agreed-which makes it hard to understand why u are against a program that would cover millions more for less. #singlepayer #moneyinpolitics
I cant understand how anyone can't support single payer and would want us trapped in debt by the insurance industry.
I don't support it due to the inefficiency of it. However, I don't support our current system either. So if I don't even like the gov.
Intervention that we have now, the concept of gov. Setting more rules and distorting the market more than they do today is even more
Sinister. The Canadian system highlights why I wouldn't support single payer
It's called Amorica

Because it has been named after a president they've been given permission to hate & demonize! That's how, that's why!
You're w these Senators every day. Surely you must understand their worldviews by now?
Watch every speech every republican gives and you will understand. They just . . . Don't care.
I understand. You should too. You have been hanging out with these people for yrs. Why surprised???
I dont understand how you can vote to strip away our 2A rights.
Please ask your Senate Republican colleagues why they exempted themselves from their own Bill and that they're keeping THEIR Obamacare.
your lying and u know it.  Judgement for demoturds is coming in 2018 and 2020.
Your bill has already done that, just a matter of months and no will have healthcare. It is better than the crap we have now!
We're certainly not in Kansas anymore, Senator.
False narrative, not taking away from people at all, rather making it affordable and better
We don't either. Why aren't you doing more to stop Trump and crazy senators? Do y'all want us dead? Do YOU?
Not that difficult join the PARASITES of the REPUBLICAN PARTY
if you #CorporateDemocrats would support #SinglePayer, oh wait $$$$$$$$ #MoneyOutIntegrityIn
It's simple. They are immoral, corrupt cowards who are a stain on the country they pretend to govern.
Both parties are corrupt.
They clearly have forgotten they're supposed to represent the people & look out for their interests. Instead they only care about their own.
Dems are the same.
I'll tell ya Dianne. First of ObamaCare was a lie & it's unaffordable. Secondly, 16M people will be happy they're not FORCED to buy Obamacar
And BTW MEDICAID isn't going anywhere. Quit lying about this and fix it
Just read they will pass anything now just to say they did something
Dems passed ACA and the death toll began because of you.  Don't pass the buck by saying a new plan will kill when u did it first
About that hoping that McCain gets well soon, nah fuck him. I hope he rots.
#SaveMedicaid #SaveTheACA #iamapreexistingcondition #TrumpcareKills
She sold you out a long time ago.  Sad you refuse to see both parties are corrupt.
Don't worry the unborn children will be saved... until they are born... and get sick.
They think they have heard from them in the form of "Trump"
You didn't look at yourself at all in the last 8 years, then?
So what are you planning on doing about it?!?!
Nothing.  Just feign outrage and give platitudes.
You guys have to push hard during the debates. Get those affected in there to talk some how.
And what about the MAJORITY of millions paying for a few? Fix it now before totally out of control. Why don't you ever mention cost? @POTUS
Do all of you liberal haters have any idea how ridiculous and ill informed you sound?

GOP heard everyone. They didn't care.

I'm listening!
How many people died before Obama care?
Did u know 28 million ppl still don't have health ins?  Obama could've given us single payer but with Dem house/senate he gave us GOP ins.
I want all the gop to lose their fucking Healthcare
I want McCain to drop immediately so I don't have to pay to keep him alive.
@EspeOppenheimer because, #FollowTheMoney
They do it with great satisfaction and glee, the monsters.
Both parties are corrupt.
Corruption in politics is a given.  Anyone is a fool to think otherwise.  But the right is also monstrous and cruel.
So R Dems. Remember when BHO had Dem congress & bailed out Wall St with R tax  & left  owners high & dry? When he gave us GOP health ins?
How about using the money saved to pay down the national debt.  No tax cut until deficit gone.
That's a great way to cause a deep recession
They have to care and they don't.  Can you give them a copy of their oath
Both parties are corrupt and don't give a about 99% of the ppl.  They only care about their big money donors.
You sit next to them all the time.. why don't you ask them? We are running out of time. #soullessGOP
It's that "I got mine!" Mentality.
GOP rules. Want money for themselves. Who cares about the people
I must say you don't understand much...do you?...
Thank you Sen Feinstein for voting to protect Americans & not just Californians.
You pass laws all the time regarding gun control and never listen to the people. Quit being a hypocrite. Please retire.
Hopefully Repub voters will wake up and throw them out--can you say "Bye, bye Mitch?
They don't care!!!
We don't understand how you can say you don't want government run healthcare when Medicare is so successful.  Is it senility?
Most of families are not billionaire building rail line for Sate of California.  They cannot afford more taxes and debt for children
Because it doesn't impact them & they don't care about or even want the poor, disabled, diverse or open minded to vote(or live).
According to staff @RepJeffDenham there's only a handful of constituents worried. They're clueless and refuse to listen #RespectIsEarned
The Dems should be publically censuring old man Mitch. Make him squirm like the rat he is, Senator.
Because they do not care about anything but big donors !
Your GOP cohorts don't care, that's how.
The GOP isn't about logic. None of their decisions impact them. They have no reason to care about the citizens.
@GOP is like that.  They don't CARE for the ordinary citizen.  They just want to line their fucking pockets.  VOTE THEM OUT!
It is easy, you just have to not have a soul and only care about tax cuts for folks who it will not affect.
Yes u do. The problem is, 'those affected' include the beneficiaries of enormous tax cuts, the real constituents of this repug senate.
I dont understand how a Senator & her party could be so blatantly dishonest about less choice, more costs & govt coercion that is #Obamacare
It is not just Trump. We must end the GOP before the GOP ends the USA
The vote was to open discussion. Since Dems say they want to fix ACA, start submitting amendments. If u don't shame on you.
When r u Ppl going to see that millions are already affected cause they can't afford OCare so they pay your fine instead high ded & prem
It's easy. Just go and get yourself a shamectomy
Senator, maybe you can have coffee with @SenCoryGardner and he can tell you how he does it. (My guess is no spine and no conscience)
Because they have no heart  and soul.
Their called Republicans! Money trumps morals and ethics.
If it makes the rich profit then Trump succeeds in his mission  Being POTUS is just a means to his fat $$$$ endgame.
I don't have health care now, so it looks like I have zero chance in the near future.
I don't understand how @SenJohnMcCain pushed himself fresh from surgery to vote Yes on a bill that will take away healthcare from people.
They have heard. They're just not interested.
You voted for ACA it violates title 6 of the Civil Rights Act for 500k ppl in non federally recognized tribes that's a felony
It doesn't you are a liar and you need to resign!!!
I don't understand how anyone can vote for something they haven't read. Am I missing something?  SMH
The Repubs only care for party-Not their voters
I don't understand how a so-called Electoral College could endorse Russia's -- not USA's -- election of our dopey POTUS: @realDonaldTrump.
I dont understand the consensus that Russia, " ...hacked, but didn't interfere." MASS CONFUSION/INFO OVERLOAD .
A FASCIST TACTIC.
LIE UNTIL THEY BELIEVE THE LIE
(Russia playbook. Nepravda:untruth)
try reasoning with his supporters?  SCARY
They don't have health care. They have an insurance card that they can't use. They need health care and it's good the bill is being advanced
Because the devil is officially sitting on his throne. Donald trumps fits every biblical charismatic of Lucifer. The evangelical worship him
they dont care about kids whom die without their chemo, their diabetic meds, or with muscle dystrophies but scream against abortion
It is time to change the rules. If they vote to take our care, they must forfeit theirs. It's that simple. They can afford out of pocket!
Isn't John McCain one of the "affected"??
If there is something we have learned about Donald Dump and his cronies is that they DO NOT listen to anyone but themselves.
@SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC yes and more somebody with an illness should know better
They heard from them loud and clear last November when they elected @realDonaldTrump #ACA #RepealObamacare
Trump have a speech yesterday, with some families behind him who would be affected by this. But no one spoke just Trump being Trump.
it's easy when you're evil.
Same way they can vote on a bill they never saw or read. #sheeple
Did you ask to hear from the victims of ACA passing?
What is needed?
PRAISE
who are those people Illegal s on M.C.or peps not working so them An their children can get MC since they can't buy ins if they work.
I can understand exactly how: the GOP is filled with sociopaths to a man.
No one should vote to advance/or for a bill that takes health care away from anyone. Period. It's just another US Senate tax break for rich.
Monarchy vs democracy i suppose?
Welcome they don't have nothing
& W/Out knowing what theFu*k their voting for! @GOP @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan are sellingOut #MAGA #AmericaFirst &ALL Americans4 #TaxCuts
Dark days ahead.
Win for the big campaign donors, ins & phar who will be the biggest (only) winners from this "healthcare bill" is all the GOP cares about.
Because I'm tapped out paying for your transfers from my wallet to your constituents.
Senator, bc the GOP is not a party of the people but a party unto themselves.  It is clear, @GOP = #PartyBeforeCountry #RESIST
Or reading it. Many GOP Senate admit they don't even know what it says. Guess they don't care about their own family who's sick or elderly.
@SenFeinstein you didn't know what was in the bill you signed.  Hypocrite. Own words were 'pass to find out what's in in'. 
#lyingthenornow
So disgusted by McCain today - he knows firsthand how healthcare means life or death - but he will let others die
Thank God you are standing up & giving speeches for single payer in California!!! Otherwise, people might think you are a hypocrite.
