obama pardoned people with a long history of killing people.  His pardons sent a message that murder is ok.
We aren't talking about Obama. Defend Trump on his own terms or don't defend him at all.
Dont worry.  There will be alot of talk about obama soon enough.
You can't defend Trump. Admit it.
I dont have to....he record does just fine in that regard.  A record not reported on MSM.
Enlighten me. What is his record?

Do you have a source other than an infographic? I believe articles that are double-sourced, professionally fact-checked, and replicable.
He was charged w/ contempt. Mayors of sanctuary cities / governors of a sanctuary states could be charged with the same crime. Think!
Dianne! You need to get with the progam & support our Pro Life president. He loves America as the previous president hated America.
Thank you for understanding the middle class and hoping our President becomes more successful for us hard working tax paying Californians
That hope is sorely misplaced. Trump is being who he has always been. Expecting him to suddenly become a new man isn't sensible.
Hope deferred makes a heart Sick. Never lose hope ever!
Its more important to know when to accept reality, let go, and move on than it is to cling to false hopes.
Good point, maybe I'll let go just not right now! Too soon
Trump has history of money laundering/collusion w/Russia. History of fraud & racism. When are you going to begin the impeachment process?
Good q!If it was U or I w/this much baggage,we'd be behind bars already!R justice system works ONLY 4 those w/,the rest of us R screwed!
Clinton'sdidn't stop GOP from wasting R tax payersInvestigating,re-investigating,4 years 2 come out empty!No comparison w/crimes by WH !
Is UR head buried in the sand?U R lKing like a Faux viewer fool 's crimes & misdemeanor have been in news longer than Harvey & still on!
The message that violating a lawful court order to stop violating the constitutional rights of prisoners in his concentration camps is OK?
Where did thst come from?
was charged on false charges. was doing his job. liberals need a scapgoat. Feinstien retire , America can move forward you are the problem.
Amen to that!
An abuse of power and asking Sessions to eliminate is obstruction-The pardon itself violates the Constitution both 5th and 14th amendments
You a lawyer?
Racial profiling...he was doing his job upholdong FEDERAL LAW...something you have continually FAILED to do..
Oh yeah? I thought Trump could be the best president ever.
Your saying Traitor Trump could learn to be a decent prez sends the wrong message: He needs impeachment & indictment, then jail 4 TREASON
Lets start with Obama then Hillary on treason charges first. ..
There are a plethora of Arpaio supporters in the backward state of Arizona so racial profiling had become just fine with them.
I live in AZ and am Mexican & I totally agree with everything the sheriff stood for....
Excuse me, you just criticized a judge for being Catholic.
What a load of b.s..
Arpaio is an American hero - he did his job and Obama's failure to do his made it more difficult.
Most of those profiled were  illegals. ..
What a pile of horse . He did his job.
You are a liar as your party is a criminal treasure trove when are you people going to start telling the truth
Throw that racist back in prison in pink pantys!!
Do you live in this state?  If not you don't know what you're talking about. ..
Arpaio's crimes were unConstitutional. Should be a way for Congress to overturn a pardon of this kind. We must look at this going forward.
I live in AZ and sm Mexican know what I see here. ..I stand behind Arpio 100 percent. ..
Really… Then why weren't you upset with Obama pardon Bradley that gave away state secrets… That didn't bother you! You are anti-American 
His message to law enforcement is the message that he buys into the incorrect nazi idea that white males are somehow biologically superior.
You have no idea how wrong, and distorted your reality is. Go read if you can, about Joe.
Our reality? Oh David please! Your view on the world illustrates that you have swiss cheese for brains.
Having read your Statement to Trump let me say you put it well. Hopefully the Congress can eventually rid our nation of Trump. Good shooting
Did you read her remarks from today??
Sorry being slow to answer you. Yes, I think I did. The Senator writes a lot and it´s hard for me to keep up. Enjoyed "hearing" from you.
Racial profiling and killing .
Get your facts straight. ...
Please please don't take up for 45 ever again. One either knows how to be humane, or one doesn't. He does not. I was shocked at what u said!
Then you use your hard earned money to take care of those. ..I'm tired of using mine. ..
Don't recall the Sheriff arresting anyone BUT criminals and treating them as CRIMINALS, not just cos of ethnicity.Maybe s/look at DNC acts?
Why always bringing up Dems? Seems to be go to answer for everything that's gone wrong since Jan. Look around, Wake up. Blame does NO good.
Yes it does! It also proves that Trump has little respect for the rule of law,but then i'm sure he's been skirting around it for years!!
So have the Clintons
Senator Feinstein the Democratic Party hgas a long history of racism.  You party voted against freeing slaves.
Her party started the kkk. ...
If half the people heeded half the crap that @realDonaldTrump spews, we would already be toast.  Stay strong America.  #ImpeachTrump
We were already burnt by Obama. ...
Well Obama pardoning Manning sends a message to the American people that it's ok to be a traitor to your country


What Trump did is a treasonous offense,He pardoned a criminal who was sentenced by a Federal Judge. The law is clear. #ImpeachTrump
Better look into the facts before stating anything you so-called heatd...
Racial profiling is what gets people killed needlessly
Very disappointed that you would get into this issue after your party's approval of the Obama pardons and commutations.  You're above this!
Arpaio was forced to do a job the Federal Gov't failed to do for years!
The current admin sends mixed msgs b/c they have no idea what they are doing and stand only for $$$$
He gave a million of his own to the hurricane victims. ...how much did Obama give?
Is it possible to petition federal court for reversal or expungement of Arpaio pardon?
He is a disgrace to my Italian heritage my dad was illegal when he first came here
That was then this is now. ....totally different meaning to illegal immigrants. ..
It also is a dog whistle that Trump will pardon the Russian related criminals
What are you talking about? How absurd. ...
Do you really think trump can become a good president? Did you read his tweets today? If you're not going to fight, get out of the way.
If you don't like it here then leave. ...nothing stopping you....
It's not OK...It's the right thing to do.
Sadly, you are stuck in "Trump Derangment Syndrome" . Where was your out cry when Obama traded terrorists for a coward?
You're the hateful Californian that say he was racial profiling. Many, many other people think he was doing what needs to be done.
Democrats are sending a message to #ANTIFA that violence is Ok by failing to denounce them.
NOT racial profiling. It's who's committing the crime of entering the country illegally. Why can't Democrats understand this simple truth?
Maricopa Co. is a layer of counties above the Gulf of California, a hub of illegal immigration and related gang action, so you suggest what?
No, @SenFeinstein can only parrot the false liberal narrative.
Arpaio enforced the law as was written - maybe Democrat governments should try that.
And Obama sent a clear message to America when he traded 5 taliban for a deserter.
Its a message telling police its ok to enforce the law again
No it does not!!
You are out of touch with people you should understand people before you go and make are minds up for us that's why trump is president
Obama pardoned actual criminals. We WANT profiling! It's how you spot crooks... like you!
Sanctuary Cities provide protection to criminal illegal immigrants. Costing billions a year! Putting out the welcome mat
Obama sent a bleeding heart liberal posing as a judge. Justice? In your deluded mind maybe.
. PLEASE BE HONEST》Why did POTUS get so condemned pardoning Arpaio? Prior Pres have pardoned ppl with horrible crimes & weren't condemned!
So concerned now but not when President Obama released crack dealers, a terrorist, prisoners back on the street? You had concern over that?
No Dianne you are literally creating and spreading that message right now. Racial profiling is not ok. Don’t confuse ppl. We need unity
If Japanese was coming over illegally I don't think it's wise to look Scandinavians Be smart Dianne cause evil will take advantage of stupid
Make America Wealthy again !
Is 3% growth in the 1st qtr of Presidency a coincidence ?  A fluke ?
Or that Mexico just needs more Asians, Africans, and Eropeans.

Diversity is our strength.
The voters of that county wanted him for his policies. Also, I don't think upholding law on everyone equally is racist.
His pardoning sends a message that ENFORCEMENT of the Law is NOT a Crime!!!
Where was your outrage when Obama pardoned terrorists?
Your beating a dead horse, you're above this, so I hope. How about fighting the good fight for a change. United we stand divided we fall.
Maybe it's more like He has a long history of HINDERING the ILLEGAL VOTING BASE for the DEMOCRAT PARTY. Maybe? ;)
When you are on the BORDER of MEXICO. What are they looking for? Swedish Fish Smugglers? KNOWN GANGS. DRUGS and ILLEGALS
And the pardoning by Obama of career criminals does not send a message to law enforcement?  How about the pardon of Marc Rich by Clinton?
Prove the History with FACTS. He ENFORCED the LAWS on the BOOKS. But, SILENCE for those like Kate Stinely.
Zzzzz. Same ole storh DF...blah blah racist blah blah bigot blah blah xenophobe
Antifa.... Feinstein ?? Where is the left on these thugs ???
Arpaio broke no laws. Judge charged him with contempt with no right for jury. The message is to the judges...don't play politics.
Racial profiling should never have been law. If a blabk man robs a nearby bank, should police stop white men and women?
Rescind presidential pardon
You want President Trump to change and join the swamp people, I hope not.
Sen Feinstein the resistance is also getting rid of dems that excuse or enable trump behavior! When's ur re-election?
U want us to give him a chance after he pardons the most racist sheriff in the US?
Comparing Trump to Obama is foolish, how child like, there is no comparison Obama is a good person. Trump ????
You poor sad misinformed people @SenFeinstein is one of the most racist people on earth
Hush Senator, you are not speaking for your constituents
He sent many messages. The best is he was protecting Americans from illegal entry and during hombres. That is really important too.
Weell obama had 8 years and what did he do he pardoned fall making bombs
profiling reduces crime, Senator
It certainly does not It says that the interests of justice R not served by putting an 85 year ex sheriff behind bars Trump had the right
Arpaio was following laws - illegal immigrants commit crimes, and our tax $ is needed elsewhere
You should change your part to GOP. You are not liberal or progressive. You are far right
Republicans are honoring him in Fresno in Sept! Guest speaker at a 2nd amendment event! A thug!
Wrong!
Arpaio was following fed law & Obama's stand down orders were against law,
Judge politicized & didn't follow law, no trail/jury.
And what about the #manning pardon? And the 8,000 criminals Obama let free?
Just doing his job. Wake up and start supporting this President. Do your duty.
It's absolutely OK
no he doesnt you and democrats onlt talking point is calling everyone racist we dont believe it anymore you lose and so do democrats
Where were you when COWARD Manning was pardoned???
Thank you! When will your Republican colleagues decide that Trump has crossed a line that requires actual repercussions such as censure?
Thanks I'm part to you this evil has taken over the world, your support of this idiot will go down in history
Then what did the Obama pardons of felons send? It was more than one pardon.
But you support Antifa
You bias is showing Dianne
Where was your moral outrage when Obama pardons criminals that went right back offended and killing ppl
Obama released a lot of criminal illegal aliens back into our neighborhoods did that send a signal 4 more criminals to sneak into the US?
Of course it did!!!
So, birds of a feather doesn't work for you, huh?  #Sad
That's the stupidest tweet I have read today!  But, to be fair, I haven't gotten to @ananavarro yet.....
You racially profile all the time.
Thank you, Senator. What will you do about this?
His pardon sends a message to law enforcement that concentration camps are acceptable.
No one cares what you think 
Not true. Too general in your response
U r a twit.
Shameful and dangerous.  What does POTUS need to do to to deinitefly
To define his absolute incompetence?
Pulling people over for no plate ,expired tag broken taillight isn't profiling ? Your computer violates your rights more
Law enforcement uses racial profiling , quanitco all serial killers are white usually.
@RealSheriffJoe served his people much better than you. And he would be much more effective in handling #Antifa violence than you.
#bot #putinbot
Letting illegals stay in US sends a message to law enforcement as long as your illegal do anything you want we can't touch you
After ALL said by U & Dems..I find this appalling: “I just hope he has ability to learn and change. If he does, he can be a good president.”
What did Obamas commuting Chelsea say? Give our secrets away it's ok? What about the terrorists he let go bomb is kill us  that's ok
It's so easy to see racism when seeing it fits your narrative.
But it's OK for Obama to pardon a convoy terrorist MURDERER? GYHOOYA you partisan nitwit
Arpaio was doing his job,why don't you do yours!!!!!!
Indeed it does, which beckons those who have racist tendencies to unleash.
You read on leftist headline, and spew forth liberal lies. Who the F are you? CNN?

And how many police officers have you discussed this with senator? Or are you just making empty statements again? I'm guessing the latter.
Aren't you a CA Senator? Lets worry about CA issues and not AZ issues...
Thank you for speaking out about this.

@Susan_Hennessey btw, you shouldn't call it "racial profiling" it's "racist profiling"; keep focus on subject, not object
After your comments in SF yesterday, how are you not climbing on this bandwagon?  #pleaseexplain #resist dont #whitewash
Get tougher on Trump, please
Can they statistically profile?
Senator Feinstein: we are horrified at what we see happening to our country, what congress is ALLOWING to happen. Please end this nightmare!
Where was your moral outrage when Obama pardoned traitor Chelsea Manning, and terrorist Oscar Lopez Rivera? Stop being political.
Maybe Trump should be cited for racial profiling. He's not above the last or so they say. Sure seems to get away with a lot.
oops. I mean the LAW
Sadly, it appears that all of us who genuinely dislike this horrific pres are wasting our time.The GOP either don't care or agree w/ him.
Why wouldn't it be. @POTUS encourages the LE community to commit violence - what's a little racial profiling gonna hurt
That's good news Dianne
San mateo county is the worst. Start there first.
Fake news.  America 1st!
"Be patient", she says. Be patient as you endure this abuse and terror. Just be patient. We all see you @SenFeinstein . We see you.
How did this happen? We need to change some powers of a president. It's archaic.
Obama pardoned a domestic terrorist murderer. Why weren't you botching then. THOL. GYHOOYA
Apparently so is sharing confidential intel what's that guys I mean girls name again ?? Manning
What was that crap about Trump growing into the job? Shame on you.
He was upholding the law. Racial profiling is just a big lie. Learn to tell the truth senator.
Fiddlesticks. You Dumbocrats didn't like Joe because he was enforcing the immigration laws... not setting up sanctuary cites... like San F.
The deaths he was responsible for r rarely mentioned. Prisoners were injured and killed.
Racial profiling is exactly what this country needs.  Let's start with you.  You're gone.
Perhaps more importantly, it sends a message to his cronies that there is no reason to cut a deal & testify against @realDonaldTrump.
This guys DOJ and IRS plead the 5th
and he says this 
This prez,is so off the American message that he might as well. Be from Russia

Who cares we have Lost our homes and have missing family so shut the hell up about racial profiling.....
And yet DT may still be good pres?
your message this morning was not what I want to hear. I will not support you if you are going to say such lame things
1/ Shame on her! We saw her face when she came out of that meeting! She knows things we aren't privy to and still she wants us to be...
2/ patient? Never! He's a criminal! My patience is gone. Impeach the bastard and quit making excuses for him. Shame on you Senator!
I'd prefer public humiliation followed by erecting a pillory in DC and having him as the first test case for its efficacy.
checking identification is one of the main functions performed by government services, especially law enforcement.
Sure it's ok.  That's why you don't hang out in the projects.  Hippoc
Our President isn't the racist or bigot your party is but that's what you do to get elected lie an promote racism that's the card u play
Your party does more dividing then work it's truly amazing how about U help pass healthcare and tax cuts how about that instead of dividing
Trump will never be a good Pres. he's 71 he's not changing & he's ruining our country doesn't matter if u have an R or a D next 2 ur name
Oh please YOUR party has along history of being racist period! He was enforcing the law you remember that right? the LAW!!!#LoveMyPresident
Trump understands that and again he doesn't care
Encourages it
Sure does, but pretty clear our POTUS supports that type of thinking
you are perverted:  looking to pick up law breakers is not racial profiling     you have no loyalty to americans
Dossier transcripts please.
Well then given President Obamas pardons, it good to blow people up and sell drugs to children? Your logic not mine 
So does Obama's pardons. Give us a break. Tell the truth for a change.
And the democrats have a long history of not enforcing immigration laws and contributing to mess country in today.
And Arpaio is invited by the #FresnoGOP to speak in @RepDevinNunes district.
VOTE HIM OUT #CA22
@JanzforCongress
And it sends a message that rule of law is irrelevant
Exactly why Hillary, Obama, Susan Rice, Comey, Loretta Lynch should be prosecuted. No ones above the law right, senator?!
Democrats are the ones guilty of racial profiling.
Why?
The proof is in their policies.
Which policies?
What is reported that you said "get used to Trump for full 4 years." Are you kidding me? You are my Senator AND HE MUST GO! Honestly!
And the terrorists, traitor and drug dealer who killed his girlfriend days after Oblabla pardoned him don't have a long history of crime?
We the people want to know why nobody is above the law except for Dems. Why was the DNC fraud suit dropped? Why is Hillary being protected?
Yes please Senator. Do your fast talking on these points
 #WasteOfAir
You would be surprised how the truth will make you feel better. If your not already to far gone.
