(2/3) Congress approved the @Caltrain project funding, it’s ready to go. There’s no rational justification for the Trump admin. to stall!
(3/3) @Caltrain project will improve the Bay Area commute and create 10,000 jobs nationwide. My statement:
Thank you for pushing for jobs!
Taking money from one place to pay workers in another is not "creating jobs"...Gov picking winners/losers destroys entrepreneurship/freedom
We are contracting with private companies who won the contracts. They're entrepreneurship won them the contracts.
Your own info graphic points out how wealthy the area served by Caltrain is . . . Why do you need Federal money?
Extremely difficult to find out who those "entrepreneurial contractors" are . . .
Stadler and Balfour Beatty.  Its on our website. We depend on Fed funds because we share with all Americans. We pay in, we should get out.
No FEDERAL money for California! You all be wasting and spending on that damn train to no where, not on our roads and bridges.
Caltrain is not HSR. It is a San Jose / San Francisco local railroad that has existed since the civil war and is absolutely packed full.
And does this train only run in San Francisco and San Jose?
Yes. They are improving that section because ridership has exploded over last 10 years. Current trains are old and kinda slow and PACKED.
The project is to switch to electric trains that accelerate much faster, so get out of each other's way faster and you can run more per hr.
Also electric trains make it easier to get rid of level crossings (which hold up cars) bc they can climb steeper grades.
Maybe where you're from trains are a curiosity but here they are the only practical way to move so many people. Cars don't cut it.
The confusion with HSR comes because if and when they finish that the same tracks could carry the long distance trains too.
Cal train is a waste of money!
How do you propose people commute instead? Roads are clogged and trains are full. Much easier and cheaper to upgrade train than road.
And how do grow our economy if don't upgrade roads?
By upgrading trains instead. They both move people up and down the same peninsula but roads would need much more space. This is not HSR.
When was the last time you seen train behind your super makert? Stop being so shallow! There is more to a state than big cities
Yes but this train runs between big cities San Jose and San Francisco. There's a train station right across street from my nearest grocery.
Not all Californians will benefit from this so why don't you Fransisco people pay for it? US rural people are tried of paying your bills!
You are city guy you only see a small view of the world!train money could be used to improve life's of more Californians if used properly!
Even better: oppose every nominee for everything and also oppose everything else until there's an independent Russia investigation
So should Hilary get an independent investigation as well 
She did https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_House_Select_Committee_on_Benghazi …
Fuck the cal train
Seems harsh.
Not when this senator will financially benefit
Setting aside the truthfulness about HSR allegations, Caltrain is not HSR. It is a local train in the Bay Area.
Oops
It's fine you're not the only one. I think @SenFeinstein office may wanna in future call it explicitly "local Bay Area Caltrain."
There legitimately is some overlap in funding, further confusing things, because HSR would also require that track to be electrified.
But the electrification project makes perfectly good sense by itself. Lets you run more trains per hour, &faster, to meet booming demand.
So instead of doing your job. You are going ransom your votes to get what you want? Your constituents are losing faith by these tactics .
That's why millions are leaving California. They'll collapse under the weight of their socialist agenda sooner or later
Isn't your husband getting millions from this deal ? Maybe I'm wrong?
Shocker...playing obstructionist politics per the usual....typical sleezy democrat. How many people are leaving your state annually?
#thankyoutrump
Thank you for standing up for @Caltrain. Great project shouldn't be held up by @SecElaineChao. Release the funds @FTA_DOT!
DRAIN THE SWAMP
No money 4 Caltrain until California gets in line & begins following the law of the land. Feinstein husband has crony contract @GOP @VP
Oppose every damn thing until there is a special prosecutor! He. Leaked. Classified. Info.  He can as POTUS but doesn't mean he should
The info he supposedly leaked was in the nytimes weeks earlier so he couldn't have leaked something already public knowledge. #wakeup
Let's clear our plate and work in the #impeachment thing
Impeachment starts in the house, not the senate.
It's also unfounded...just saying
Do you know who our contractors are for the rail cars and infrastructure work?
Feinstein's husband got this contract I believe.
Go to Google town: Stadler to manufacture rail cars in Utah, Balfour Beatty for track & infrastructure. We are not High Speed Rail.
Yup! Totally different railroad, totally different contractors. This is an extremely crowded local train adding speed and capacity.
You're probably thinking HSR, the brand new long distance railroad. Those allegations sound dubious too but that's not even what this is.
There is some overlap in grant funding because with the magic of standard gauge multiple trains can run on the same tracks.
Ok got it thanks
Caltrain is a joke a farce. Get real
I oppose you opposing anything based on getting your way! Not everyone wants this train in CA. Wake up!!
Why should we pay for it? Stop funding illegals and pay for it yourselves. CA out of control
Pick your battles
When have you not opposed every candidate Trump has put forth.  Hummm, could your resistance have been noticed?
She actually voted for @SecElaineChao
Way to play politics instead of making progress. Let's just throw a tantrum because we don't get what we want.
Selfish Brat who doesnt care about USA.
Thank you Senator. This is nothing but SPITE on behalf of Trump. 
These are JOBS
Then you need to be removed from office
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you!
So your saying you will fail to perform your job equally as you were HIRED to do?
So you are looking for quid pro. Can't you do anything right.
Ca has money for illegals legal counsel but we have no money for roads and ca is going to raise gas tax. U guys amaze the shit out of me
That gas tax increase mostly was to pay for roads.
GROW UP ... Listen to yourself ... Like a 2 year old  if I don't get my way wah wah wah
Thank you
You oppose him cause you profit personally from the train #nocaltrain
You're thinking of an accusation about a TutorPerrini contract for HSR. Whatever you think of that accusation—this is Caltrain, not HSR.
Caltrain can't handle the skyrocketing number of ppl and needs electrification to run more trains. Contractors are Staedler, BalfourBeatty.
Lol, classic obstructionist trying to make a deal. Hope California falls in the ocean
@SenFeinstein needs to #stepDownFeinstein you do not represent Americans and don't deserve your government salary. We oppose YOU
Once again, a politician uses a form of negotiation like holding a hostage or blackmailing.  Shows how dirty a politician they are.
Glad you got your pussy back Diane! Stand and be heard!
Why should those of us who don't live/work in the Bay Area pay for transportation in the Bay Area?
Same for LA Metro, Metrolink, OCTA, the 405/210/710/110. We never use those, man.
That's right. Local money for local transportation projects. Why should someone in SF pay for road repair on 405 freeway?
Again, why bother announcing
Caltrain would have plenty of $ if Moonbeam's stupid choo-choo to nowhere was cancelled. Then again, your husband wouldn't get his payoff.
Impeach this man
Impeachment starts in the house, not the senate.
If California would stop pissing away money, the state would be a sound financial position!
Eye on the prize, #DINO. Work to overturn congress, including you, by the way. 10k commuters is de minimis, even if the money EVER got there
She represents CA and this is an important project... used by people who donate a shit ton of money to progressive candidates.
Or do you need the $$$$ because your husband won the contract for the train???????
The contract for Caltrain Electrification went to Balfour Beatty (track work) & Stadler (rail cars). We're also not High Speed Rail.
Yes not yet, but Brown waste to much $$$
Sounds like u r the Bully!
Agreed
You should oppose anything and EVERYTHING until Trump is held accountable #TrumpRussia #obstructionofjustice #Impeach45
How your billionaire husband who has a  investment in the California " train to nowhere" with moonbeam Governor Brown ??
Think you mean High Speed rail, which is not us, and goes from LA to SF. We're talking about Electrification now.
I know....I  am just asking the questions to Dianne what her billionaires husband has his investment in...conflict???
This is Caltrain, not HSR. Totally different railroad, totally different contractors. At least make the RIGHT spurious accusation ;-)
I do not share that opinion but I'm glad at least I was able to clear up any confusion about the facts!
Thing is, I really care about Caltrain. Bay Area is this fantastic economic engine and I want more people to have access to the...
...opportunities we have here, but if we get lots of new people they gotta be able to get around and freeways won't cut it.
Many people here say just don't allow more homes, problem solved, but that means lots of people can't afford it here anymore.
Well...you might want to ask WHY he is holding it up...also...you might want to try doing the BIPARTISAN thing...sick of the partisan games
The obstructionism of the Democrats never ends.... and the people think the GOP doesn't do anything when in power-- it's because they can't
Caltrain was ready to go, I literally already saw people start preparing stuff, and last minute DOT canceled the funding.
Why? Because some CA representatives from other parts of the state wanted to hold up funding for HSR, A DIFFERENT RAILROAD.
Yes, more 19th century tech please
Yes actually. It's by far the cheapest way of adding the capacity we need in that corridor. Already has a perfect right of way, too.
Its a complete crony set up strictly meant to benefit govt "associates"
How about you oppose every nominee Trump pits forward until he stopped sharing classified intel with Russia?
Well that is helpful. Not.  How about working for something instead of against
Resistance begets resistance. You reap what you sow.
Even here in TEXAS, ppl are starting to get a clue about DJT.If they don't,no chance 4 2018!
who cares what you do ? no one except your fellow obstructionists
Good move, thank you!
Go fund your civil engineering acid trip ideas yourself. You guys say you don't need us. Prove it.
Under our noses the GOP party is pushing trumps nominees? What about funding for NC Flood? Where's their money?!?
Then you to can retire! We still have your buddy Harry Reid's bill So your obsolete! Stop wasting OUR Money!
You'll want to look into this too Senator. Giving the Russians sensitive intel? Is he insane? https://twitter.com/dklaidman/status/864233757729017858 …
We're not going to have to worry about transportation if we don't get this idiot taken care of.
senator, really?! Can u tell us if we are getting kicked out of 5 eyes for this?!
