Attorney General Jeff Sessions has taken a VERY weak position on Hillary Clinton crimes (where are E-mails & DNC server) & Intel leakers!
I am not sure if you are aware of ALL the crimes she is involved in. If so then I ask, why are you not appalled it has not been addressed?
Don't ever believe eveything they say. Do your research on public resources not just FOX OR NBC. GOP friends are embarrassed by FOX & DJT
Correct. I verify outside of MSM. I follow some real good diggers too!! It helps. I want facts, documents and they are there to find.
So why wasn't Hillary charged? Reps in Congress were rabid to get her. You listen to Fake News. Oh, you're from E Texas - enough said!
:) You are such a sweet person. I will pray for you.
She does represent some very dangerous people and they continue to drive the predominant narrative. It's insane the losing campaign dictates
Very dangerous?  Hysterics setting in I see 
Essentially she represents the military industrial complex and its still trying to keep the status quo geopolitical strategy
That's insane
Not at all was she not a proponent of every single foreign intervention? Name one she was against?
Now Hillary is an arms dealer lol
She's a warmonger always has been. There's plenty in politics.
Wow. This makes no sense whatsoever none.
Everything he accussed Hillary of doing he is being investigated for. Karma meet doofus Trump.
She's not. He also hates Obama and the Dems. He blames everyone for his incompetence and knows he'll never equal Obama's success. Sad!
You forgot the media! Oh that fake media (under sarcastic smile)
That's right, TY! That darn fake media. How dare they them fact check his BS & then let the public know! For shame! 

Have any of you all considered his audacity regarding Russia might mean his "millions" of "voters" may be like his "followers, Putinbots?
Everyone else is held to account, but not elitist Hillary? The people want EQUAL JUSTICE. Unfair?
trump is not the president  He is a fake The election is rigged and gops are continuing to rig future elections
Her crimes must not go unpunished, she is behind this whole Russia witch hunt
He doesn't RESPECT that offce in the W.H. He doesn't respect Americans only thing he's after is a vendetta. Leave Madame President alone! 
Ur part of the problem, not part of the solution.
One day they'll drag him away in a straight jacket, and he'll still be screaming about Hillary's 33,000 emails! 
Yes, well, see, that's the thing about criminals. Regardless of your personal feelings about them, the law will eventually catch up.
I'm appalled as an elected "leader" you DON'T go after the crook Hillary.There are not separate criminal laws for Dems. Find your integrity.
I am so grateful I get to witness these political ass hats true colors show . MAGA @POTUS
I'm not. Anything I'm missing?
So sick of Dems and their moaning and whining and obstruction.
Thank you @SenFeinstein for speaking out!
I'm  appalled that Hillary sits on a wrecking ball naked.  I know #MileyCyrus  loves her but this is going too far.  #LiberalMania
Thanks a lot. I might not ever be able to unsee that. Poor wrecking ball.
Tell me about it!
1-As one of your constituents, I need more from you and other dem leaders than being appalled, disappointed etc. Most of you look dazed.
2-We need bold, aggressive strategies at the state and national level to stop Trump and his cabal. So far you and other leaders have failed
3-The “better deal” platform dem leaders introduced yesterday is uninspired, bland and timid. Trump and Rs are appalling US into oblivion
Not every vendetta... Obama for the rest.
If people like you would support him it would help.
@realDonaldTrump Who goes after someone they beat? Maybe he doesn't feel he legitimately won the election. #demsin2018
I'm appalled you would put party over integrity!
The People want Hillary charged for her corruption
He isn't going to change. This is an abberation of presidency. This has to go. In leg irons will be fine. #notmypresident
@realDonaldTrump he's a very sick disturbed man. Repubs need to stand up to him. #EnoughIsEnough #FakePresident
Trump is incapable of speaking any truth and mentally ill. People are attempting to rationalize his behavior & his behavior isn't rational.
you know how little boys dip the pigtails of little girls in ink at school because they really have a crush on the girl...
Is he though?
Putin gave u n Repubs her emails. WTF. Show us your Taxes? Do it b 4 your impeachment.  26% of America will forgive your criminal acts
It's projection. I don't no any normal people that believe his rantings.
Just be worried the criminal DNC investigation doesnt come for you
why not act like a senator and elected official. End special council nothing  witch hunt and uncover HRC lies 33000 emails 
Senator - SHE BEAT HIM. A WOMAN BEAT HIM BY NEARLY 3 MILLION VOTES. HE'S EATEN ALIVE BY INSECURITY AT THE BEST OF TIMES, BUT SHE BEAT HIM.
@AmyAyers16 
Marcia, Marcia, Marcia!
That's how they act in this banana republic.
Don't hold your breath on that one Sen. Feinstein. You could end up dead. trump's obsession w/Hillary & Obama is psychotic & dangerous.
Clintons are the ones with the hit list.
I'm appalled  nobody investigated CHENEY/Bush for lying about WMDs
That is never going to happen, Senator. we're all stuck with him unless you all can figure out a way to rid ourselves of this "swamp"scum!
Trymp knows,Hillary is far superior to him, and he can't stand it.
He's incapable of acting presidential.
I'm curious to your thoughts on this,
BREAKING: An IT aide to @DWStweets and other top lawmakers among @TheDemocrats is arrested @Dulles_Airport. #SpecialReport @BretBaier @ 6p.
Well, HRC and President Obama.
Our Deflector and Cheat, has yet put a well thought out speech together. All he has is simple 5th grade education.
Traitor Trump has zero class
dt dangerously insecure, psychologists hv warned, pressures mount re th invest & family threatened, he is going 2 strick out & wil b fatal.
Sen it's time your resign u are useless and will not work with anyone no different then Obama blaming bush for everything
Too late.He doesnt have a presidential bone in his body
I'm appalled you are content to let criminals off the hook, when you are no doubt aware of the multitude of crimes committed.
Aren't you appalled at the number of 'suicides' and murders on those who try to testify against the Clintons or who want to provide Intel?
And this doesn't include the latest ones that had connections to the Clintons or were about to testify. Just wondering, coincidence?
Please see the below.  There are a few more - you may or may not want to add to your list.
Thanks, sure glad I don't know how the Clintons or of ever had anything to do with them.
He doesn't have the capacity. TY for your continued service @SenFeinstein for #WeThePeople Another scary, sad in day America. #ImpeachTrump
Hey senator ,did you notice the felony crimes she commited but was never prosecuted for or did ya miss that?
You are a great statesman. He is below the need to respond to. He blames @hilaryclinton and @BorackObama for all because they are smarter


Handler: "Hillary isn't president. Stop talking about her"... Gladly,  tell your followers to quit calling her 'Their President'  
Senator, she is corrupt and a crook. If any of us did what she did we would be in jail so fast. That's why we voted for Trump! @POTUS
We're appalled that you and the dnc had the nerve to back that traitor. Not to mention what you did to bank fraud Bernie
Are u complicit too?? Is that why u attack President Trump?
He did come in second.
You are as good as a liar as HRC and all the dems/libs. Congratulations, you have met your prerequisite.
While we still have Obamacare, use it to get the psychiatric help you so desperately need. #BrainwashedMoron
LOL
Laughing at your psychotic self again? Hurry and get that help!
Thank you. Will do.
@realDonaldTrump Thanks Dianne, but he has no idea what a President acts like. He's actually channeling Bozo the Clown.
Dear Diane ,
Do you always try to bully grown men ?
POTUS is NOT castrated like the pitiful "men" you're used to dealing with.
Sorry 4 you
Trump is haunted by Hillary because he KNOWS she won and that Putin stole it for him.
Nope. Still #winning #MAGA
@realDonaldTrump hey Diane why are you so rich after a lifetime of public service
We all know the answer. Same as Pelosi and all the others. They funnel money through government contracts, kick-backs and so much more.
&  #Obama  Trump has built the tallest 'Trump Wall' between Whites/Coloured Men/Women Rich/Poor Republicans/Democrats /other countries 
Agrees, but we need to see passion & commitment from elected democrats. It's time to raise hell. Being nice, well, it's just not working
Along with a plan and some leadership.  Dems/Independents are like dead weight. None are inspiring the masses as one would hope.
Definitely. The messaging is garbled. If I know what you're against but not seeing a real plan for something better you're doing it wrong.
What happened to @TomPerez  anyway? Wasn't he supposed to... I don't know...
Do something?
apparently another "leader" MIA...go DEMS...and we wonder why we lost the majority
Well FFS we have to get some new blood in there with some passion and ideas. This old hat  has to go. The people are sunk otherwise.
Finally a Democratic leader speaks up for Hillary. Thank you.
Can you talk to @SenSchumer ?
Trump was ok letting it go.  Hillary could have sailed into the sunset, but instead she has chosen to #RESIST
tRump's vendetta is a large part of the reason he was elected, & he doesn't have much more 2offer the American ppl but his faux anger.

He doesn't care one bit about Hillary.  He just throws her name out to fire up his base when he needs distraction. It's a sign he's worried.
Any one who defends  Hilary is either morally bankrupt or ignorant of her history.
Cut and Dry,Wasting our tax dollars on Fake Russia Amer.is not Stupid. Go after  Real Crimes not agenda to protect the guilty.
He's not going after Hillary as much as he's going after Sessions, one of his most loyal horrible people.
#BeneathTheDignityOfTheOffice
Just because your opponent may have gotten away with a crime doesn't make it okay for you to commit crimes.
So go after Trump and his cronies and stop whining. You r nt in power
I'm appalled you don't feel she should be in jail!
As the @POTUS his job is to protect America...Hillay's past actions are a threat to the safety of America...you know that.
Your in trouble now.  Your a party of thieves, liars,  and nazis..  just stop.  Your ignorance is showing.
Thank you, @SenFeinstein. It's time for the men to stop attacking @HillaryClinton and let's face it, every female politician. It's obvious.
There is a mental illness involved....let's be kind but investigate!
I'm appalled u r on the "oversight" cmte & have done NOTHING 2 protect the ppl agst the fraud and abuse of HRC!  U continue to protect her!
#Hillary is a private citizen. I'm pretty sure the #DNC is a private org, so did they break the law by not giving @FBI access to server?
He's the FAKE PRESIDENT. He got in w/Russian help. Impeach this disaster. He's handing America over to Putin & destroying everything he can.
I am happy he struggles with feeling he didn't win fairly.
When we, by the ten of thousands, chanted "Lock her up!" at rallies across the US, we meant it. Clinton's must pay for their crimes vs US
#HillaryClinton was ur candidate. Nuff said
Maybe he's read her rap sheet the FBI put together.
What are you dissembling about, @SenFeinstein ? Have something to hide? Now that the Dems have been tied to Russia thru FusionGPS . . .
The potus#45 is insane!
Term limits! Do thepeople a Yuge favor resign! No crime founded against our @POTUS , plenty found on crooked HRC and U R fine with it
And He is the PRESIDENT and it is TIME FOR YOU DEMS TO STOP THE RESISTANCE MOVEMENT.  #HYPOCRITES
So you are cool with the crimes Hillary committed and the double standard in DC? Got it.
President Baby trying, so hard, to deflect aaway from his inept, ineffective, immature, immoral, corrupt administration. #WhinyLittleBitch
Thank you! #fakepresident go back to making bad tv shows.
I'm appalled Dem House Colleagues (Pelosi & Co)allowed Awan to have access passwords to Foregn Intel computers. Why did they smash them?
The alleged election was 8 mos ago. Has he nothing more important to be doing for the country, or only skimming more $$$$$$ from the public?
True but we listened to Obama bitch about Bush for eight freaking years, Dianne!
Check you hearing aids, sir.
He's childish & insecure, only knows the middle school vendetta maneuvers. He wanted job, got it & can't take humiliation of the USA hatred
He can't stand he lost popular vote to her by almost 3 million votes Driving him stark raving mad!  Won EC with Russian help
The shit is hitting the fan, Dianne.  If you keep sheltering HRC, your only options are to appear stupid or collusive.  Which 1 you picking?
Thank you for saying so, Senator.
Simply distraction. 45 can only yell "Squirrel!" so many times before people quit looking for one & start asking why he keeps yelling that.
#DNCHacks  http://amp.dailycaller.com/2017/02/07/congress-it-probe-suspects-had-massive-debts-years-of-suspicious-activity/ …
Ahhh Dianne: high crimes and TREASON shouldn't be rewarded, should they????

We are all appalled you are still in office!!!
That bitch hasn't seen justice yet. It's coming though.
She's a CRIMINAL just like you! I see you are in panic mode, just a matter of time! Bye!
"Lock her up!" was not just campaign rhetoric.  She's a felon.
Too late for that senator
Word.
We all know he will never act like anything other than he is. A thug dictator who wants to be king and run America in the ground.
BTW - Trump elected specifically b/c he isn't like corrupt dishonest Presidents U support who have little regard 4 Americans or Constitution
#CrookedHillary must be investigated for her crimes! Stop protecting your liberal goddess. START DOING YOUR JOB YOU PARTISAN HACK!
Why anyone with integrity, would defend the Criminal acts of @HillaryClinton is beyond reprehensible. @SenFeinstein shame on you. Smh.
This all he has.  Beyond lies, blaming, and bragging there is nothing there except for a very insecure, miserable human being.
How is it that we keep coming back to telling a 70 year old man to grow up?
Pls stop calling him 'the president'. He's not. He's only a placeholder until we can get a real president.
#impeach
Really? With everything coming out now with @DWStweets and with all the emails you think we should let it go. Criminals not above the law!!!
He and his are trying to blame someone else for their traitorous ways
If Hillary is guilty of selling her sec of state seat to the highest bidder are you going to protect her? The government has to abide rules.
Supporting @realDonaldTrump is a death sentence for a political career. Sessions is just the latest who kinda follows the constitution
How many dead bodies are affiliated with you?  I bet you none. but 60 for the clintons 60.
Pls..stop calling him president...HE'S NOT !
Dianne, you should resign now.  Any Republican defending the crook Hillary should leave Washington now...we will replace u
Hey Mrs Feinstein...If I say the words: Blackberry, Laptop and Imran Awan...What comes to mind? I'll share my mine...Treason!
lol she is a criminal
@realDonaldTrump just can't stand losing to a woman, and needs to discredit her to reflect better on him.  Sadly, we know what a fool he is!
PredatorTrump never ever will he be president never
I'm appalled you didn't investigate this!
Somebody tried being President for the last 8 years. What a joke.
Did Chelsea ever have to testify in front of Congress for doing nothing illegal? #WitchHunt , Admit it! #DWS harbored a criminal, or is one.
He cannot get over the fact that she won the popular vote!  Plain and simple
Illegal  voter That why you hate our government looking into it
What? R u calling me an illegal voter?
No replying on popular votes
And she's been investigated ad nauseam and cleared. Move on
He is. He just made the military more deadly and less expensive. #winning
He shud throw that hag in jail! when will you start acting like a senator? Ohhh I know the answer: never!
We're so beyond, "Start acting like it." He's not going to change. Ever. #25amendment
So we just let that lying treacherous corrupt witch get away with her crimes? Don't think so #LockHerUp .
Senator, the problem is that his narcissism requires him to blame others for his failings.  His brain cannot fathom that he has faults.
I'm APPALLED DNC allowed Awan clan to bilk them out of millions &allowing them access 2 govt info
IT WASNT THE RUSSIANS IT WAS THE AWAN CLAN
No one ever accused the Dims of being mentally astute.
No, they are complete idiots
Diane I'm appalled u r still in office. RESIGN ur #SaulAlinsky tactics will not be tolerated in the USA. Stop stealing from Americans
You're a Senator, start acting like it! Look into all the DNC criminal activities, clean up your own backyard! #Comey #Lynch #Rice etc;
Trouble is he's a fake POTUS! He's just getting by thinking he's the real deal! He's a traitor to the USA! He's crooked! He's a joke!

Gurl.
Unfortunately this is how he thinks presidents act.
He's not the president. He's a bastard and fixed the election with our enemy. He is jealous a woman beat him and a black man proceeded him.
About damn time the Dems start sticking up for the woman that beat trump and in every other country would be POTUS!
And double standard on our Potus.  It's just not right that there's no independent counsel on real crimes committed and mere innuendoes
Trump can't stand that Hillary won the popular vote & that he never would've "won" the presidency w/o gerrymandered districts & treason.
Dear Senator the US public is interested in equal justice before the law, even if you aren't!
@SenJohnMcCain Was this what you meant "You're all @POTUS's equals?" ie: Like #Schumer, #Pelosi, #Schiff #Waters #Clinton #Obama #Podesta?
Senator, your word vendetta misrepresents the sentiment of Americans. We all just want equal justice. Equality for Hillary too.
This is the typical Democrat reaction when they know they're now exposed to massive corruption and ugly dirty dealings! Nice try Senator!
What is it with Trump's literal obsession over Hilary? Does he have #vaginaenvy ??
Thank you Senator Feinstein 
@POTUS your wrath towards HRC reminds us she won popular vote & the illegitimacy of ur presidency! #TrumpCollusion #45Unfit2Lead #Mueller
CAN YOU PLEASE TALK TO YOUR CHAIRMAN ABOUT IMPEACHMENT?? IM SICK AND TIRED OF THIS UNFIT PSYCHO TRYING TO RUIN OUR DEMOCRACY!
@sfpelosi @realDonaldTrump don't be appalled ...as a democrat who feels his vote was stolen in primary I want answers
You're not acting so much like a Senator, ma'am-It isn't only Pres, We the People R aware of lots of things that U Sen.seem disinterested in
Deflect, it's old and boring *yawn* ...
He refuses to acknowledge that the DOJ is not his personal law enforcement agency. He honestly thinks all government agencies work for him.
He doesn't know how
He can't stand that a woman bested him. All about his bloated ego.
REALLY! You said that, after members of your party. Have NON-STOP called for Trump's impeachment in the 1st 6 mo. WITHOUT a crime! #BLINDERS
Bring it. Oh, wait, you just brought it.  Thank you.
Thank you @SenFeinstein for defending hillary she doesn't deserved to be bullied like this.  especially from potus tell sen schumer too
He isn't capable of acting like a president. He's unstable and unfit. If we want to save this country, he must be impeached.
That horse has left the barn.  And the barn burned down.
I'm appalled that she isn't occupying a cell yet! #LockHerUp
He will not ever. Please ask all the Dems not to go on recess. He will instruct Sessions to resign and appoint a puppet to fire Meuller.
How does a president act? The way you see it or what voters expect? You and the DC status quo work for us and not the other way around
After all the corruption Hillary is guilty of and you're appalled?  Can't wait till all the truth comes out on the DNC!  Don't be naive.

You are 8 years late with this post
American Patriots are sick of all the evidence against Hillary& no hand cuffs! #LockHerUp This is a #TrumpNation now! Pop the bubble Mr Prez
I'm appalled that the President has to tell you guys your job when your committee and the AG should already be doing the investigations.
He is ACTING like a President because he's incapable of actually being a President. Much to incompetent to actually be one. SAD!
Not Trump's wheel house. SAD!!!


Hillary & Bill Clinton have broken the law in more ways than U can count. U want 2 ignore their crimes.I woke up from a lifetime of Dem lies
You are crooks..I hope the President stays on the issue...you all need to be in prison.
You are not appalled! She is sister-in-crime and you need to be investigated for all your shady dealings that you and your hubby cooked up!
Did straction from the Mueller probe. He's terrified!
He seem to be obsess with obama and Hilary of course she gave him a run for his money
I'm APPALLED that you & your kind would rather fight your gop Counterparts rather than trying 2 make better 4 all Americans-not just dimms.
Do you realize all the ACTUAL crimes she committed?
Someone has to be found more guilty than he is, then it's okay in his mind.  If they can do it, he can to...it's Donald Trump's  M.O.
