(1/2) #Trump100Days: The White House released the worst budget I’ve seen. It guts vital departments like the EPA.
(2/2) President Trump’s draconian budget would even eliminate federal funding for @_MealsOnWheels. #Trump100Days
Thank you Senator Feinstein for supporting #MealsOnWheels and the seniors they serve.
#Trump100Days: The president's travel ban is contrary to our principle of religious freedom and won't make us safer.
Repeal the religious restrictions on PSLF and Title IV Aid then!
(1/2) #Trump100Days: Young people in school or working—protected from deportation by DACA—are living in fear due to mixed messages.
(2/2) Congress must pass a bill that I introduced to protect these impressive young people from deportation.
Sorry that you have to pay for your parents illegal actions. You may apply for legal status just like anyone else. Maybe 1st in line.
#Trump100Days: The administration changed its position on a key case, suggesting it won’t protect voting rights.
The administration sucks. Everything they try, fails because unconstitutional. They R an unstable administration..they R unstable people
Lying is a sin. Did you know that?
Rubbish. He has established direction and would produce more w/o your constant obstructionism.
Dear Bill, take off your partisan glasses and look around.  If you have some alt facts then please share.   Be American.
Wow. Only you have the truth. Congrats. I don't cross with many narrow minded people. Don't bump into too many more walls.
This is not a personal attack. The width of my mind pales in comparison from what has been happening. I am not blue, but red white and blue.
What are you looking at?  If you block aperson from going through a door and then laugh at them for not getting through you are a bully.
Hey, Republicans run all three branches of govt. Own it.
Frankly all Trump's initial policies are reactionary, then he flips to deep state
Obama had much larger numbers and still blamed others as he ruined our nation in the name of dragging us to a third world level.
#impeachhimnow
This may be true, but where's the evidence for such a claim?
No Diane you are the lowest of low.
In a lifetime
Reminds me of your entire political career.
Yeh one big 09wer grab.
You are out of your mind. Seriously, need to get limits on terms so people like you can go away.
#TrumpRussia He is unmatched in the amount of corruption, and this is just what we can see.  In with #Flynn .
And you .@SenFeinstein have done NOTHING for your constituents rather you lined your family's pockets with taxpayers cash.
At least he's doing something unlike you Dems, who just lie and whine .
That is because has done more in the first 100 dayss then any or other  President  most things in history it is called negotiations
u disagree with a republican president. What a surprise Diane!!
Oh retire already
Oh really?! Now who's lying?!
A SLEEP
SLEEP
He's done more than you even thought possible even with all your stalling
Your 30 years in office has given us more debt and milking us if our money
I disagree with you.
When will that worthless California Attorney General indict you and your husband?
All bad policies for America !
We also miss him having his old life: Someone PLEASE give him his old life back!
Hush up and get 2 work!  Resisting and then blaming the president doesn't work for me. Nation elected president. Only few people voted u!
then why is it we can't boot him out? He is atrocious!!!
Well said Senator Feinstein!
The @realDonaldTrump administration reminds me of a Hieronymus Bosch painting populated with monkeys and footballs. #TrumpRussia #Resist
The lies, the Russian connections, the ineptitude, the embarrassment, the mental instability. Trump is an embarrassment to our country!
You are #WhyTrumpWon.
Don't forget to mention,45 has spent more money with Mar A Lago trips and protection of his family in NY.Too many $ spent from tax payers.
Please help us, Senator, before he gets us all killed!
even if he cured cancer you would still find a negative. Partisan bullshit. Your just a hypocrite.
You've done a terrible job with our budget that's why we elected Trump the non politician
Thank you! I'm glad you're my Senator!
Agree - when do we get to Russiagate and the FBI investigation of the Trump connection to moving the election away from Clinton.  IMPEACH!
#notaxesnobudget a solid path to impeachment.  #dumptrump
Anyone in any senate office should serve only 2 or 3;terms max.Otherwise t/person is more important than the constituents. #RESIGNDIANNE
He's accomplished more than your Obama did in 8 years. Why do you want him to fail? Stop blocking him at every turn and  #GETTOWORK #MAGA
Senator Feinstein, please STOP Trump from destroying California coast by any more drilling! #NoOnDrillingCalifornia
It's like your in fantasy land
We need you and all Dems in Congress to fight harder. You are not doing enough to get this traitor out of office.
Thank you -- we're behind you on the emoluments clause lawsuit. Let's make it happen
Utter BS. DIANNE U SHOULD RESIGN. Failing to protect free speech is close 2ur biggest failure. 25 years building corruption N Party Power
#100 days of shame
He didn't know the job would be so hard

Worst economic growth since Bush put us in a recession
Speak for yourself.. my investments have skyrocketed over the past couple months 
WRONG.  But I expected this type of response from you as well as other Democrats.
He's obviously terrible but giving all the focus to him is how he won - what exactly have you achieved in the last 100 days @SenFeinstein ?
Seems like Trump has gotten more done in a hundred days than Obama did in 8 years
False starts noooo, how about THE LEFT'S CONNIVING TACTICS, which U & OTHERS are ZIP LIPPED ON & U ALL KNOW THAT. Yet U ALL turn your heads.
And WE THE PPL are suppose to have FAITH & TRUST in U. U ALL don't even want us to have a RIGHT 2 BELIEVE IN GOD. EXPLAIN? WE Q UR "MOTIVES"
Get off the religious bs.
GET HIM OUT NOW!!!!
Diane, quit bitching and complaining and get to work!
Keep fighting Girl!
Good Friday,Sen.Dianne Feinstein of CALIFORNIA
Yup and we are still waiting for our elected officials to take the USA back from foreign influence....so far its all talk.
Thank you for your opposition to this menace to our country and to democracy. Keep up the fight #StrongerTogether
Trump's political stances are awful, yes, but what's more important is that he flat out doesn't have the mental capacity to be POTUS.
#16 year cancer patient says/Democrats need to fix healthcare/what are You waiting for?/where is the plan?
Meanwhile Obama is working for Wall Street giving $400K speeches while @POTUS isn't even taking a Government Salary
A Wall Street cabinet is oh so much better? Better to be paid to share his ideas than pay the same people to help govern.
Yeah experienced businessmen who put their nation before their own wealth
That only proves how hard he is working for US. YOU should work as hard-- fail or not.
She is doing exactly what her constituents are telling her to do. We will call. We will send postcards. We will fight this. We love America
Senators were once selected by State Legislators, not voted in by the people. That's why we have a House. We should return to that
Is the reason that was changed, resolved in a Constitutional way? I say it has not been. Silly to bother her with it.
My point was that we the people of CA are not, by def., her 'constituents' She is there to represent the interests of the State. (1/2)
At least that's the way it was-- Don't know why we changed it -- legally, i'm just saying. Sorry to jabber on... i'm finished. Thanks
What's a true fight ? 
You may not like this one, but under the First Amendment, I'm going to add, #tyranny.
Yeah but he's reduced his golf handicap. So there!
WRONG! I'd say that Obama giving billions to terrorists in Iran was a pretty fuckn bad idea!
Says an obstructionist Democrat  !!!
