If we live in a Democratic area, how do we influence GOP lawmakers?
challenge their reelections
How do I do that living in a firmly Democratic area? @SenFeinstein
I was talking about challenging Republicans
I don't know what form that will take, how can I be effective when they don't represent me & don't care about me? @SenFeinstein
my personal targets are Mitch McConnell and Rand Paul.
but how? Neither of them is effected by my vote? The assholes keep getting re-elected. @SenFeinstein
something is happening. their margins are getting smaller.
.@SenFeinstein we’re looking forward to you stepping up to lead the resistance from California!
.@IndivisibleSF @indivisible_CA Southern California is also ready to support your leadership @SenFeinstein
Silicon Valley is also ready to support your leadership in the resistance!
.@SenFeinstein Senator- is there a decent democrat leader left in America? Will they harshly rebuke a march leader threatening White House?
The democracts are through, they have to do a lot of rebuilding, a whole lot of rebuilding
Then vote "NO" on Jeff Sessions. You have a safe seat. This is a no-brainer. And Ben Carson and Tom Price and Betsy DeVos. NO!
Thrilled to be a part of it. We are women, we are strong, we are proud and yes we can.
- and have some of those teenagers to keep their legs crossed
Voting for someone not emphatically anti-torture does not protect us. Torture is a war crime and a human rights violation.
Thank you for being my voice in congress!
You must do everything you can not to confirm Education, Atty General and EPA!  Please!
what about the turnout inspired you to confirm Pompeo? Will be donating time and money to a primary challenger w integrity.
Hard fought gains, Hollywood w disgusting language, offering sex on line and stupid women listen to them?How hard off are they
Hope they all will b marching when Sharia is here.This is camaflage bySoros to ruin countries @LouDobbs @Varneyco @seanhannity
Stick it up yur patoot old lady. Your THE poster child for term limits. Leach
Thank you for the fight ahead
President Trump insulted the protesters. But even his own family protested.
please do whatever you can to turn down Ed Sec nominee DeVos. Such a horrible pick!
trump won and will clean up the swamp Dianne wants to keep
I hope you're right, but there's no sign that Trump wants to change money in politics when he has a cabinet of billionaires
you are aware that this is the wealthiest cabinet in history right? Money Matters.They're also w/the least experience in governance
next time you need to actually have a message that ALL of us might understand without destroying other people's property
I've always respected you. But I doubt 4th estate would have accepted a million GOP March a day after Obama's inauguration.
my husband and I marched in LA
why do you continue to divide everyone???
thank you for being a feminist leader and strong supporter from California for our rights as women.
Long before I lived in CA I admired you Senator. Your the best. I'm now fighting to leave TX.& Thank You for Your service.
Please vote NO on Sessions. He's bad for women.
Legalizing infanticide & profiting from selling human body parts are insanity, not gains. #defundplannedparenthood
Please do not throw away everything women walked for for the sake of compromise!
#WomensMarch yes, let's get to work. California can lead the way!
WHY HAVEN'T YOU BEEN DOING THAT WORK FOR THE LAST 3 DECADES!? You are the problem! You have kowtowed to the GOP repeatedly!
@luvauntyruth Congress and Senate need to realize the majority of Americans are moderate/liberal. Trump has no mandate!
I haven't felt this proud to be a woman since the 70's, take THAT Kellyanne Conway
@KamalaHarris Vote NO on TILLERSON and Sessions! Please, for the planet, for us.
70,000 women in Portland Oregon. Wow!! So very proud to be a woman.
What do we do now?
Thank you Senator @SenFeinstein, thank you for standing up against the person who is now president, thank you for stand up for the TRUTH.
Ready to work with you, all who marched&all for whom we marched yesterday! #sandiegowomensmarch #WomensMarch #EqualityForAll
and what do we do now?
what exactly has Pres Trump done as president against women or anyone? Not saying he won't, but he hasn't done anything so far
@Ivanroberson We're looking to you and all other Democrats to step up and fight or we will find others who will.
why don't you get to work by definitively opposing DT's cabinet noms. Still waiting...#ResistTrump
We're ready to follow your lead. Please guide us. Show us what to do
: -)
where do u stand on the nominations of Sessions, Pruitt, et al??
Hire about 50 GOOD PR Spokespeople & be on TV NonStop UN-spinning GOP Propoganda. Obama did Great Things but lost the PR war.
VOTE NO on TILLERSON AND SESSIONS
what bout the unborn girls. Who is fighting for them?
Our country is under Russian influence.
Follow the money...
Freedoms will fall of you don't figure out how to stop it
Please rejectTillerson, Sessions, Pruitt, DeVos, Price. Wrong for CA & the US.
If it was about more than abortion and free birth control.  How about teaching self control so there aren't unwanted pregnancies.
Be Strong Senator don't give up never give in... God Blessed
it was a pro abortion march, that's all it was. It was gross and sad
Thank you Senator Feinstein. And to EVERYONE in the LA area, please rally at Sen Feinstein's office on Tuesday at 7:30pm
Really worried that spineless "Maverick" week be voting for Rex Tillerson. What's next, airhead Betsy DeVos for Education?
How much are you being paid? How much are you paying others?
what do you March for?
Immorality, murdering babies,
Displaying obscene sings in front of children?
These are not women!
You are so wrong this was the biggest march of HATE and disgrace and disrespect for our country!
Yes! Nothing says I am serious about the cause like wearing a vagina hat. #fail
the dems need to continue this force today till the next 4 years. Unite @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi
Please, for me, my daughter, my grand. Do not send us back to the days before Roe v Wade. No one has the right over my body.
thank you!
I was proud to march in LA!
u tards just marched for rights u already have. It was a Publicity stunt
that was probably the most unintelligent thing I've heard about the march.
its the most honest
Start by blocking nomination of Mitch '#conflictofinterests McConnell's #WIFE as Sec. of Transportation.
#lipservice
thank you for standing up and working so hard for us Senator!
If your talking about abortions then your forgetting that Men have rights to that unborn child. When will u fight for the fathers rights?
What is your plan for removing @realDonaldTrump from office? That is what your constituents demand and expect.
I am ready to work. Please tell me what I can do when I live in decidedly blue state CA. How can I make change happen?



Are we staying vigilant abt protecting the middle class?Why have I not heard anything about this?
you got good Men and Woman on your side! we are here! #WeStandTogether
Americans were left without jobs and skyrocketing Health costs but we're promise to be lower by Obama finally lies are over
http://www.dailyaction.org  helps with daily targeted action texts.
it was awesome!!! We need to keep going!  One way is to #UnfollowTrump on @Twitter.  Hit him where it counts most to him!
Sen.Dianne Feinstein Good Sunday Morning
we count on you, Senators Warren, Booker, Sanders, and Schumer to stand firm
how quickly can we dismantle this BS Administration? 4 years seems awfully long to hear Conways lies:
can you help us deal with the blatant lies from Conway? It's absurd to be sold on "alternative facts" 
Please, let's stay united. Our unity is how we will make a difference.
Get to work & clean up the mess!
Thank you!!  Fight for us - not one step back! 
And fight against ALL SCOTUS picks. Now that we have their attention it's time we fight to get that back.
Women’s March Organizer Recently Met Ex-Hamas Operative,Has Family Ties To Terror Group » Alex Jones':
Meet Alex Jones:
