For years Sheriff Arpaio systematically violated civil rights. President Trump indicates he approves of that behavior with this pardon.
Can you find the woman shackled during child birth so she can press charges????
Mien Kampf trump above all laws!Years spent law suits &still given Presidency 2 destroy!Who says being crook doesn't count?
And the Manning pardon then? Didn't she violate your beloved goverment rules?
So says the woman that doesn't follow the rule of law herself...
The Divider in Chief doesn't care what we think. DACA will be next
Give us a sign something will be done about this evil man.
Oh please - lets go thru Obama's and Clinton's pardons before criticizing Trump
@Redheadark We have a POTUS that shows nothing but contempt for the rule of law so this action shouldn't surprise anyone.
I seem to remember Obama pardoning 1700 criminals but let's quibble over one man because he's not a leftist.
Over 1,900 criminals...but BHO did it, so who noticed or cared?!
Obama pardoned nonviolent crimes. There is a world of difference here. Arpaio ran a freakin concentration camp (his words, not mine)
I wouldn't call releasing those in Gitmo as non violent. Also releasing Bradley Manning shouldn't have happened. Arpaio had misdemeanors.
113 of 532 detainees Bush released returned to terrorism.
9 of Obama's 161 went back.
Bush: 21%  Obama: 5%
You're blaming the wrong guy.
Disagree on Manning (big shocker). Sentence commuted, no pardon issued.
Can't compare whistleblowing with human rights violations.
Can't you pass a bill that would require Congress approval for all pardons? Or at the least a review to be conducted by the Justice Depart
Correct. But have another issue. I'm reregistering as an Independent unless or untill the Dem PARTY STOPS being flip side of same coin!
Bull!
we clearly have an unhinged leader in the white house. The people that still support him are uninformed Fox news junkies.
Aren't you retired yet? I'm curious to how many of the 1700 Obama lardons of criminals you opposed.
Pardons
I assume you tweeted the same thing when Manning was pardoned.
Manning wasnt pardoned.
You're right. Commuted her 35 year sentence along with bomber/terrorist Oscar Lopez Rivera. Terrorists & military traitors are cool I guess.
Arpaio didnt serve a day, hadnt exhausted appeals and showed no contrition. DOJ is against it. There is no comparison.
We agree on this. There is no comparison between Arpaio and terrorist Rivera. Or Manning. Who also had no contrition.
Arpaio ran a self described concentration camp and tortured Americans. Manning was let out 40 months early.
For the record I disagree with Arpaio's pardon. What disgusts me are those who think every pardon of our previous president was faultless.
You have no right after the lawlessness and anti-law enforcement incitement by the BHO administration. He let riots burn cities,
He praised violent thugs , he promoted racism and subversion and his Alinsky tactic takeover, weaponizing the intel departments.
Dems said nothing and encouraged the lawlessness and violence.
What about a million plus illegal immigrants and their flagrant disregard for the rule of law. You can't have it both ways.
We are beyond a serious problem in the White House.
Thank you Senator
@SenFeinstein @SenKamalaHarris I agree completely. Now what can we do to defend our Constitution?!
And obummers rule of law?
The rule of law includes the president's pardoning power.
No one is saying he CAN'T. We're saying he shouldn't. We're saying he pardoned a bigot; we're saying it's a miscarriage of justice.
Ah. Got it. You don't like the recipient.
No--we dislike the fact that the recipient committed horrific acts violating human and civil rights, and is being pardoned inappropriately.
What about American laws and rights of Americans? Should we just ignore those?
What are you talking about? This discussion is about Arpaio, who violated laws and a COURT ORDER.
He was held in civil contempt that the Obama DOJ maneuvered to be criminal right before his re-election. Does your bias make that seemly?
If he was in criminal contempt of the court, it seems fair to charge him with criminal contempt. He was found guilty remember. Who's biased?
How about the judge whose conduct is to rule against existing immigration laws Senator?
Can you cite one example?
I can cite several examples...the judge that told Joe to not do his job enforcing current law for one
When will @GOP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems finally remove this maniac from office? When he launches nukes& it too late?
Reminds me of the Democrats!
Stop tweeting and do something!!
#PresidentBannon_LateNightCalls
A flagrant political perversion of justice and the rule of law.
Please do something before trump rewrites the constitution, please
I Think the people that represent us should look in mirror
And there is absolutely nothing we can do to stop this maniac?  Senator this is q question for you and your colleagues
Sorry I don't agree
BS.
So wrong at so many levels..... Don't forget the civil suits...
Understatement!
With all due respect, take measures to stop it from happening again. Actionless condemnation will not stop it from getting worse.
How come you didn't have a problem with Obama pardoning Manning he committed treason are you too old to remember that
Rule of law that he has inforced for many years
Congress needs to step up and STOP making excuses for POTUS he needs to be held accountable when he does not follow proper procedures
Haha
And you shouldn't have added another gas tax to us her in 's we pay enough taxes
Kind of like sanctuary cities.
Obama pardoned a traitor and you supported him.  Now you don't support someone following the law!   You're an idiot.
Arpaio did his job, just did not abide by liberal judges order which was wrong anyway
Could one call it "Contempt of the Constitution" ?
Is there anything the Senate can do about this? He didn't follow the established protocol for pardons.
Yes as a matter fact there is… #ImpeachTrump or what I'd seriously prefer is Congress invoke #25AmendmentNow ! #HissyFitHitlerSucks
I just want Congress to DO IT!
And tomorrow!
And tonight'
Then get Trump out! Stop complaining and do something!!
Can't do anything without the GOP
They can start the ball rolling. They might be surprised at who would sign on. Strength in numbers!!!
No one cares. We've already moved on to the hurricane. Better catch up
The horrific damage to core legal values Trump Administration is inflicting on America must be stopped. What can be done?
How about Treasonous Chelsea Manning or Oscar Lopez Riveria? Just more propaganda and rhetoric from left wing loons! Insanity!!
So does San Francisco and other Ca cities being " sanctuary cities"
What will congress do about it?
Nothing. Congress will tweet about it. We need a new government
The dems can do nothing since they don't have the majority in the house. It's up to the GOP.
What does Obama pardoning Bradley show then! I didn't hear you go out against him! You are anti-American and extreme alt left! 
What about terrorists, traitors & murderers pardoned, granted clemency, sentences commuted by obama. Mark Rich pardoned by WJC.  Hypocrite.
Mueller must arrest DJT first so he can't pardon anyone else, he doesn't deserve that privilege, he was Russian installed as POTUS #Impeach
What evidence do you have to support the Russia nonsense?
Link to a credible source of factual info?
Obama pardoned convicted terrorist Oscar Lopez Rivera whose group killed 4 people with a bomb in New York City & set off hundreds others
Democraps have short term memory
Short memory about what?
Following immigration law while California disregards it ?i personally think California senators,Jerry brown ,bacerra belong in jail
U r wrong; Fed Gov Want CA  law enforcement employees to work for them. U need to consider this point
Dems need to #Resist loudly & shame their @GOP colleagues. Tweets not enough.
Yikes sounds so angry
Hmmm what about Obama pardoning Chelsea Manning?! Far worse crimes! Defecting and sharing of declassified info. Where was your outrage then?
https://www.justice.gov/pardon/obama-pardons …
Where is the responsible leadership in the Senate? @SenateMajLdr 's inaction now = clear evidence he's sabotaged DC 4 personal gain. Shame!
Shane on you for not knowing this...
Shame on u for turning this to a 'yeah, but what about...?' argument. Arpaio pardon is just most recent act by an unfit @realDonaldTrump
Don't like taste of your own medicine an act is an act don't make unreasonable excuses. admit it's a sin for Trump but blessing from Obama
Can't change past. Address the present or remain in denial with yr deflection defense. 
@realDonaldTrump is unfit 2 lead. Enough is enough
Lol!!! The past sets the future... exactly enough is enough we've had it with Demoncrats, we votes and citizens spoke. Suck it up buttercup
Whatever you're smoking obviously causes brain damage so will leave u to it. Assume infowars & bart r all u'll listen to. Good luck.
That was an honorable way to concede thanks for being civil, and opportunity to debate.. hope you got to see how it's viewed from this side
Note 2 Feinstein:  check out 44's list of pardons & their crimes, then we can talk.  Ok ?  Waiting 4 ur reply.

We've been covering Joe Arpaio for more than 20 years. Here's a couple of things you should know about him... 1/many
How do you feel about Obama pardoning a convicted traitor #chelseamanning?

I'M A $30,000 PAST DONER;  CONSTITUENT; & OUTRAGED THAT YOUR NOT SPEAKING OUT ABOUT ANTIFA OR RESPONDING TO EMAIL 

https://twitter.com/AtomasVictory/status/878641995681378306 …
Blacks have experienced this flagrant disregard for civil rights since slavery..the Jewish experienced it with Hitler.. hx repeating itself
Feinstein,,,,The Old Lady Senator that should leave office
Well, where the hell are the laws to get this sociopath out of office and save America.  We are pathetic right now.  All talk no action
Demorats are trying to attack Pres Trump in the middle of the natural disaster in Texas.  Pres Trump and Texas Gov Abbott are doing great.
No ma'am. We have laws that HE was enforcing.The "flagrant disregard" you speak of is happening in all of those sanctuary cities YOU support
You never said a word with all the pardons that Obama and Clinton did of actual criminals. Time for you to retire or resign.
What it demonstrates is that no matter how bad someone acts, Trump is willing to abuse office of POTUS & pardon them. Arpaio just the 1st
I agree with you 100%
open your eyes!  all there is is disregard for the law in this country!
deport
Remove pardon from presidential authority. However it must be done
You are a hypocrite once again. You pick and choose laws you want enforced.
What will YOU do Senator for California and the nation?
Give me a break Dianne. What civil rights did he violate?
He is 85.  Needs a nursing home, not prison.
Yet again, @SenFeinstein: Please publicly support your colleagues in the House who have rightly worked to #ImpeachTrump.
Racial profiling IS ok, if you want to fight crime and not pretend you do
Please get him out of there. Isn't there enough support for it yet? His supporters are scary. The time is NOW. He's destroying the US!!
Obama pardoning Chelsea Manning was a flagrant disregard of the rule of law. Political prosecution of Sheriff Joe was wrong.
Sen Feinstein, thanks for speaking out against Obama's pardon of thousands of convicted drug dealers. OH WAIT, you didn't. @michellemalkin
They're  nonviolent drug offenders sentenced under mandatory minimums during the failed war on drugs. They weren't dealers.
That is BS, they were drug dealers. There are no causal dope users in federal prison. NO dope dealer in our inner cities is non violent.
Scary precedence.Pres is lawless.Wont follow laws on books so change them w/ exec order. WhereR our safety nets Senator? This should not B.
Since trump violated the judiciary process n violated The Rule of Law doesn't that make his pardon mute? There has 2 b a loop hole somewhere
I'm not a constituent,and I mostly vote @GOP What of Mr. Arpaio's claim, paraphrased,"If the Fed's won't enforce the rule of law, I will."
Instead of taking care that the laws are faithfully executed @realDonaldTrump takes care to put his friends above the law! #ImpeachTrumpNow
So, Senator, Trump is the 1st US President to pardon someone that others disagreed with? Maybe 1st pardoned f/contempt of court.
Rule if Law? You want to disregard the laws about illegal immigration and condemn Sheriff Joe for enforcing said laws? Shame on you
Obama pardoned much worse and yet in your hypocrisy you said nothing about that.
Oh stop...your pres pardoned drug dealers
Country in jeopardy.  Do something!   Eloquent statements not enough anymore.
Intro legislation to suspend this presidents pardon power until he is not under investigation
@wjcoop R U kidding me! Obama pardoned over 1700 drug dealers, criminals and terrorists. BTW you support Santurary cities. Lawbreaker!
But will you DO anything about It? You have the power, and we need you to use it.
Then assemble the team who will banish him from destroying our country. Words mean nothing. The elimination is greater.
Let's name the cover up @DNC @HillaryClinton  Rice, Wasserman, Clapper, Brazil, Comey, I can go on! When will they be prosecuted? @FoxNews
Ma'am your memory is pretty short obaomspatdrn Agee thousand bad criminals
U'll be leaving the swamp very soon! U've been in waaay to long! Upholding law is not a crime& Sheriff Joe is way more of a patriot then u!
Yes should we publish a list of all of Clinton and Obama pardons, too.
SO DO SOMETHING!
Then do something about it!
The Cultural War the AltRight has been fighting for, for all these years. We need to organize peacefully.
. If I could vote again for President Obama. If he could run, I would in a heart beat. God Bless Obama. Inspired America
What did it say when Obama pardoned more people than any other President?? Feinstein is the Master of hypocrisy!! Term Limits.
Really?  That's all you have?  Trump needs to go.
Joe was the victim of a politicized justice system, Trump had the guts to stop it and correct a wrong.  Support an honest judicial system.
Obama should not have pardon ctims or drug dealers or treasonous people who give away secrets
...You on the Senate and agreed with Obama
Maybe he should have a stay in his own jail for a year or two  with the same conditions.  People tend to have more insight after experience!
Just out of curiosity, which law did the Sheriff break?
When is this nightmare going to end?
Never. Your identity politics will keep DJT or another conservative in office for a long time.


Kate Steinle would disagree with you if she were still alive.
People that live in glass houses,should't throw rocks.
City & state officials should comply with federal law pertaining to sanctuary cities.  Then, there would be no illegals/criminals to arrest.
The only reason @RealSheriffJoe is out of prison is because another criminal let him out.
I find your statement confusing.  Why was a former president (#44) given a free pass when he pardoned over 500 people given
The Pardon is nothing more than a stupid distraction. Stay the course on Russia Investigation. Stay focused! Jeezus...figure it out.
It also directly violates his oath to support and defend the Constitution which Arpaio was found guilty of violating. He must be impeached.
UNTIL THE CONGRESS R THE COURTS DO SOMETHING, DT IS ABOVE THE LAW!
And the citizens.
This is another one who shouldn't have been pardoned.
@susi_debra  well Arpaio is a racist he sure hates the "mexicans "&Trump who pardoned him is a traitor &racists too. Nuff said
Did not Obama pardon a traitor, Manning? Shared high security documents with foreign governments? Just stop this crap! Double standards!
Dear Dianne, where was ur holier than thou attitude during the Obama and Clinton pardons. U might want to check history and then shut it.
Someone needs to purpose a law that limits presidential pardon power now. Especially in case where the president is under investigation.
This country is done for Sen. The Repubs have no use for Rules of Law.Dem's don't get it.Trump & Bannon pleadge 2 take down US.
Sheriff Arpaio was doing his job as our laws call for.  He is a good honorable man and you need to resign.
Time to act. You have the power to do something. Impeach or 25th. He is unstable and unfit. Insanely using power.
Senators cant use the 25th. Flip the Senate if you want impeachment
Yes but they can put pressure on to the right people. Use the power they have with combining sources and educating.
You might want to review the Obama and Clinton pardons/clemency grants before making this dumb comment.
Except we're not talking about Obama and Clinton. What's wrong with you people? Can't you stay on subject?
And Chelsea Manning shouldn't have been either but you know what? That falls with in the Presidents rights. Just shut up already. My god
Shame on you Donald Trump
Like California flagrantly protecting criminal illegal aliens?????  You of all people should keep your mouth ahut
Strange that we did not hear leading Democrats criticize Obama for trading five 'worst terrorist leaders' for traitor Bo Bergdahl? Comments?
Terrorists released from gitmo is more atrocious.  Media ....crickets.
Then act. Feinstein
If you people aren't going to help your country then you are as complicit as Trump!  Maybe we should add entire GOP to our impeachment list!
we ain't seen nothin' yet. As a collective body you can stop this mad person
Hold on there Dianne.  I have a list of at least 40 people Clinton pardoned.  Obama's list even longer.  Mostly drug dealers.  All criminals
How can he be a sheriffe for so long with his all wrong doings? That is the question?
Perhaps the sheriff was encased in a protective political sh..wall
Now they know actions don't matter. Act now, get pardoned later!
The National Dem Party continues to disappoint. No new coherent vision for 2018.  You & Harris. Need fresh ideas or leaders at top.
Where was you concern for the rule of law when Obama was pardoning terrorists, felons, and a traitor? Your hypocrisy is sickening.
He is living cancer and it just keeps growing. He hasn't stop acting as a game show host, with unknowns behind the curtain. Would like chang
And abuse of office/power by bypassing conventions associated with pardons. Both men believe laws don't apply to them.
Wouldn't it be good for USA to take away the pardoning privileges from the President. I believe you are one who can start in Congress.
Obowel pardoned terrorist bombers and sexually deviant spies. Really?? Lick my BOZAK
What about a pardon for Bradley Manning?
Agreed! Now @SenFeinstein what are  YOU going to do about it?
When is the Republicans going to wake up an IMPEACH Trump
It serves as a bullhorn advising bigotry and violence are encouraged, nay rewarded, by Trump. Expect his al right fans to respond in kind.
Well said.   But when will you lead impeachment proceedings?  Get to work please.
you had no problem with obama freeing terrorists from gitmo & thousands of felons some who were released & committed murder
And what will be done? Besides tweeting about it
Excuse me! But Hillary Clinton has done far worse and she got off Scott Free. Stop saying things that aren't there!
More irrefutable proof that @realDonaldTrump has no interest in the law & that he is an incompetent childish buffoon.
#TrumpTraitor
#ManBaby
Please complain about that when there is a 105,000 acre fire about 5miles from my city limits here in Brookings Oregon. Thanks for nothing.
Lawless act. Sets civil rights back to the fifties, not a leader. Disrespectful to good  law enforcement.
Your city of San Francisco, a sanctuary city, is hurting our country.  Dems don't really care about illegals, just about getting more votes.
And you supported Obama.

That was rousing. Next time rip him a new one. If @realDonaldTrump hasn't burned down the Capitol yet.
Um, yeah...  so does meeting with Lorreta Lymch on the tarmac to interfere with an investigation of Hillary.  Just sayin'  #hypocrites
If you are so concerned fire all white people who work 4 you & hire black people.
Have we all forgotten the 100's of questionable pardons Obama handed out at the end of his term? Pardon power IS the Law.
Can someone please ARREST THIS PRESIDENT?
You need to change the Constitution

I repeat
Hate 
Escalating violence
Riots
MARSHALL LAW 
Trump closes down congress 
Heil Trump
Read the history of fascism 
History repeats
Isn't accepting a pardon an admission of guilt? Let the civil suits keep him busy for the rest of his life.
what are you & the Dems going to do about this & everything else Trump is doing? Until then, it's all blah blah blah & accomplishes as much
But, unlike Obama, not convicted drug dealers, whose crimes included gun violations, just because they're Hispanic or Black. Real Racist.
#25thAmendment
The rule of law ? Federal laws & corrupt politicians led to the genocide of native Americans ! It was law so you agree with what was done ?
Thank you.
