Romney's plan wasn't that bad. Clinton's plan Hillary's wasn't that bad. Bernie's plan wasn't that bad. I have seen nothing from the GOP
Furthermore everyone. And listen up all you governing leaders. I have deep respect for you but I am ashamed of the bipartisanism. Here's the
The deal. Go after the healthcare insurers stop going after each other. One sixth of the economy is in the hands of very few people who
which plan has your side put forth. oh that's right nothing, what health care plan do you and other members of congress have?? Obamacare?
How about crafting a third (better) option? It couldn't be too late, could it?
At least start discussing. Work together stop resisting. Must be felt with. You all own it!
Not a ridiculous as "Got to pass it to see what's in it" STOP being Party of Opposition! Work United for good of USA; NOT good of Party!
Ridiculous is "NOT INSISTING that Trump Jr. testify under oath!
Get simple. First, payback the Social Security Fund and the Medicare Fund. Then Medicare for all.
It dosnt matter, theyre equally disgusting and damaging to Americans in every way
Resist!  GOP have zero heart or plan.  8 years and nothing.  The Dems have a better plan and we will focus on their plan which is legit
Can the GOP bypass the #ByrdRule ?
Sry to answer for @SenFeinstein but technically they can(it's seen as nuclear option, ends filibuster forever)Still would need 50 votes, tho
Damn, I was afraid of that. Thx
It's hard to believe,anymore,that any of U,can even think Independent & on your Own,U HAVE a IDENTICAL SPEECH"@FoxNews @foxandfriends
Vote no unless is debate on how to improve the existing ACA.
STOP ALL. IMPEACH INCARCERATE TRUMPS, KUSHNER DE ELAINE  CHAO, DE VOS, ADMINISTRATION REPUBLICANS ELECTORAL FLYNN GUILANI
Most pathetic point in US history and having Don the Con as President
Do not scale back Medicaid!!
Mitch: "See? Nothing up my sleeve!"...."Voila, it was in my armpit!"
He doesn't have armpits. He's a slug.
Why did you agree to a NO Under Oath Hearing! That's ridiculous too!
The idea that a bill this important would be passed without hearings about its impact is outrageous. It mocks the legislative process.
Obamacare never had a hearing. What goes around comes around.?
Wow, were you like 7 years old then ? Cuz it wasnt discussed on iCarly. Everywhere else it was, and had hearings, televised on CSPAN.
What's ridiculous is the crap we got saddled with now. Socialist thieves.
Make it stop please
These are PAID BENEFITS.  Stop the madness
What difference does it make?  They all stink and harm Americans.  Just say no.
Apparently, knowing "which one" is a "luxury" you cannot afford. If confused, feel free to ask your colleague Sen. Cornyn.
Is this what Trump would call a leak? 
Resist
#SethRich #DraftBernie #Divest #DNCFraudLawsuit #Wikileaks #Jaffe4Congress #Medicare4All #BlackLivesMatter #NoTPP #DemExit #NEVERHillary
Truly a farce.
Protect us from Trump
Thank you for speaking out.
You seem feckless lately
Senator, please explain what your committee got in the bargain with Jr. and Manafort.  I simply don't see it. At least, not on paper.
Thanks
Can't you speak w all R women Senators and help them understand this is insane?
Make sure the @realDonaldTrump sends you the bill in English not Russian
Fix the ACA...the GOP doesn't have a legitimate healthcare bill
As Obamacare implodes in 2018, just in time for the midterm elections, Democrats will be held responsible for obstructing any fixes.
Wow! Senator, if you don't know with all your Republican relationships the Dems really are out of the mix.
You r absolutely correct about that Senator.
Can we just turn the discussion to enacting  National Health Insurance like every other developed country has and get on with it already?
Thank you for calling out the terribleness of all this. Please do all you can to stop whichever awful bill from going through.
My wife's life depends upon people like you standing up and fighting for us! #TrumpLiesMatter
This is not how our government is supposed to work.  This is how authoritarian s work.  God help our country
Flip a coin?
Maybe they could throw a child into a volcano to appease the gods.
We know you will fight for us, and we thank you!
Perfect Sunday afternoon viewing. #captainvontrapp #hangovercure #classic
The only vote we want is the vote to #RepealObamacare, which is what we voted for in November. Get it done or get voted out 2018, 2020.
Letting Manafort and Trump Jr speak without being under oath is a massive mistake.  They will lie with impugnity and generate BS headlines.


if the only reason you’ve stopped buying insurance is because the gov. is no longer fining u 4 doing so, nobody has “taken away” ur coverage
PLEASE STAND FIRM!
But according to Dear Leader the Dems are obstructing...a process they've been completely locked out of.
Get the government out of the healthcare system before but it utterly destroys it
I have the best Senators in Washington. Hang in there Dianne and keep fighting Putin's Puppet.
Do something about it.
This may sound simplistic, but couldn't both parties come together and compromise. You could call it The Bipartisan Healthcare Bill.
Then why vote if no one knows which one ... work bipartisan & fix the ACA ..its in place, needs work and is law.

Thank God you, at least, are fighting this. My family would be in deep trouble without healthcare.
It's always scary when the @GOP is winning. You never know if they're going to flame out or kill a bunch of people.
Or rip u off
It's ridiculous that GOP majority will vote yes just so they can please Trump & go home for August recess to face constituents w a "plan"
What plan. Don't have one and never have.
Exactly.
@GKButterfield says "Quit, just quit". Or perhaps you could provide a sane rewrite.
Senator when is this nightmare going to end.?
Asking my Senators, Perdue & Isakson to vote NO on MTP. That'll stop any/all bills from proceeding. Will you do that too Senator?
Who benefits from GOP repeal replace plan? Who's been behind the 9 year repeal  replace plan? Not the American public. Which billionaire?
What actions r u taking? Put #fixACA on the table.
Transparency or Twilight Zone? American Public, tax payers fed up, pissed off, and not going to roll over and play dead on DumpCare.
Go have your hair done.  You'll be notified when it's time to show up to cast your "no" vote
So, please vote no! Thank you! And try all procedural moves to stop vote. And yes I am a constituent, so grateful for you.
Hang Tough Senator! 
Thank you for fighting for all Americans!
We appreciate you!

#ItTakesAWoman
Does it really matter.  Obama raised the debt ceiling and then gave all the money to other countries. So no cash to support either.
Pls say NO TO TRUMPCARE. It is devastating to women's healthcare. TY
I  u!
Just vote no. We need a bipartisan approach
For the people whose survival depends on medical care, this is terrorism by the GOP, led by illegitimate Russian plant president.
Finally someone said it. I think he should move to Russia. He likes them more than his own country. Follow the money!
You're ridiculous
As a taxpayer&citizen instead of compliaing ,why not publically offer ur willingness 2 work with POTUS .PUT US FIRST & PUT POLITICS ASIDE.
Where's Ted Kennedy when we need him? And I'm a Republican, withstanding the asinine things Trump is doing. 4 years can't come fast enough.
You really DO need to start debate on healthcare.  Republicans promised to repeal & replace Ocare.  Get it done.
Start supporting the only plan that makes sense, Medicare4All . What is it about insurer profit that appeals to you.
Insanity
I know your input is highly respected  in Congress Sen Feinstein.
Please! Rally democrats to solve Affordable Care Act and sweep Republicans feet out from under them! Save America!
Well, we have a ridiculous president, don't we
Thank you for the updates @SenFeinstein!
It is sad oboma care you gave us cost us double premiums
Almost as ridiculous as when Pelosi said we have to pass the ACA in order to know what's in it, right?
We at the AHS are putting together a plan that will give all Health Care Free at point of Contact. Only real answer for the USA.
With DJTs statement that "I won't own this" he has abdicated his responsibility of representing ALL Americans
Dianne you would know if you stop being obstructionist and do the right thing for the American people ! Do your job or retire !
How is any of this being allowed to happen? Are there no rules?
When will this terrifying nightmare be over?
Deja Vu all over again Honey!
And I know it's such a hard job with this president because he is a very racial person we're all the same we have blood running in veins.
This health insurance it's about being fair to all Americans it doesn't matter if you wealthy middle-class a poor be equal to all Americans
What happened to holding off for John McCain blah blah blah blah?
There are just some people that cannot afford health insurance so they depend on Medicare and Medicaid please don't leave those people out.
Now just need to come down to where all Americans poor middle class wealthy are going to have good fair affordable health insurance.
so when will you be presenting your health care solution rather than sitting on the sideline and whining?
It sure is so why do u straighten up because its already cause u to not get reelected!
And it's very sad that they just can't let it go!!
Tell me why U didn't fix it when U saw us crying because, yeah we have HC, but we can't afford 2 use it. For 7 years, why didn't you fix it?
Your precious O'Care is ridiculous. You took affordable HC away from the middle class, no subsidies, prems $300-> $1200, ded $500->$6000
Single payor, please!
Why are you allowing closed door to treason?
Why don't you earn your paycheck and write one that works?
Better yet, why doesn't she earn her paycheck and step up the #IMPEACHMENT?
Her own? Yaaaass!
THAT's an epic fail - obviously you don't know people in congress don't get impeached. So you. are. lame. pbbbfftt...
I'm not too lame to understand that presidents don't get impeached because people don't like them. So, I'm still doing better than you 

Hang in there!!  I appreciate your dedication and level- hardness...#thankyou
Trump is a lecherous depraved, traitor who must be removed from office by any legal means possible.  No more playing. Let's get serious.
What do you expect from the most ridiculous POTUS in the history of American. We need our own Magna Carta.
Under Obamacare (Unafordable Care Act) my coverage went from $8,900/yr to $26,000! Can't afford it! Give Middle Class Self Employed A Break!
Yes it is ridiculous. obamacare should have been repealed by now.
GOP planning circus??? http://www.politicususa.com/2017/07/21/rachel-maddow-busted-senate-republican-plan-save-trump-russia-scandal.html … STOP THEM NOW -the people are SICK of this and we will stage work walk outs if we must.
the @gop is ridiculous~ I'm sure they don't know "which one"!
I'd say the GOP is a ridiculous outfit.
Leak HRC's plan to the GOP. Re-type it with lots of mistakes so they don't get suspicious.
Trump shutting down ACA call centers.Putting immigrants into chains.Provoking attacks on Muslims.Any ideas for those outside demented right.
No repeal no replace .....
PS GOOD JOB on 
"Congress Reaches Deal" to LIMIT mr #trump s POWER to lift #RUSSIASanctions #GOP Gentlemen U 2!
Maybe they have another undisclosed bill locked away in a secret room in the basement again....
Fat chance!
HOW bout GET ASSES In GEAR Ms. @TheDemocrats LEADER and work on #ImpeachTrump for #TrumpRussiaCollusion ? OR is it "OFFtheTable?"

It is ridiculous and wasting tax dollars.
Totally ridiculous. Seems GOP running around like chickens /heads cut off.
@GOP what happen to " you were elected to protect the American people "?  You money hungry party is the biggest treat to THE AMERICAN  PP !!
Why are you standing for this?
Ya gotta pass it to learn what's in it - that's how healthcare legislation works in this town!
There's something wrong with you.
Goose/gander, etc.
"I know you are but what am I?" That's your media strategy?
Will someone please forget about CBO scores for a minute and ask @SenateMajLdr if his bill preserves these patient protections under ACA?
Thanks for standing up for us!
Get on the attack and own the airwaves
Why can't they just fix Ocare,stop jerking around with crap that's not working. Will the GOP continue to ignore us?
Senator, NOW is the time for the Dems to reach out to receptive Rs to work together to fix ACA. Show Dems as the party of cooperation!
Deede, We will tell you what you need to know
Crystal clear GOP wasted 7+years of taxpayer $ yapping about improvements, but failing 2 develop any thoughtful solutions. Obstructionists!
Make them stick to the rules of the Senate!
A deadly game they are playing and I can't help but feel there is something more insidious at play.  You are one heck of a fighter.
Paid 8 mos of premiums this year - haven't even seen a Dr, once. 
GOP is going to take away even that small security of #healthcare.
thank you senator feinsten, looks like which one will depend on who they can buy off & threaten, Murkowski,capito, heller, flake ?
Keep fighting for our lives! People's health not Billionaire Tax cuts.
Thank you for fighting for us!
I am a real person inCT I have called all of my reps. I have called Mitch #thesnitch,  heller, cruz, gowdy #PRspinelesswonderboy, etal
I have even called your office.  I am tired of the blah blah by the dems.  What I am going to say is not personal to you but...
You(collectively speaking) must shut the heck(because I respect you) get off your collective backsides used thst hoarded campaign funding
You've all got stached charter some buses and. Park people on their door steps. Sick day his businesses; howbout lots of wheelchairs
Traffic across driveways. We have the right to protest. We need to take action. This medium will not effect change. Action effects change.
Right, the Democrats have created one big mess in health care insurance. Now they obstruct every effort to replace it with workable plan.
tune in everytime for the next installment of "off-putting moods of the powerful & influential" if you care or dare
At least GOP allowing debate on all their plans they listened they didn't ram it through like Dems with not 1 GOP vote now dem say fix it
Lie bot lie.
I'm scared of what they will do. Taking away healthcare from millions of vulnerable people.
The more confusion, the less opposition. That is what the GOP is hoping for.
Everything sounds ridiculous to an obstructionist
What a freaking bummer! Thanks for cutting no slack. What shits!
Leave the rest of Alone.
We already have Healthcare that works. Only 4% of the population is claiming hardship under the Obamacare premium problem! Work on that! #
Exactly. GOP making a mountain out of a mole hill. They know that if they lie about something enough times some people will actually believe
The contributing Americans have heard what you said and we know you're in it for yourself you're one of the richest politicians very greedy
Yet another reason for you idiots to get out of the health care biz.
@RepAdamSchiff why aren't our reps screaming from the rooftops about using ACA funds to run ads against?Why rnt U running ads to inform ???
Hey Feinstein, if you think that the Scam of Obamacare should stay in tact, then why the hell aren't you and your family on it? Sickening!!
why aren't our reps screaming from the rooftops about them using ACA funds to run ads against? Why rnt u running ads to inform the country??
The republican health bill must NEVER come to fruition. It'll be a death bill 4 millions. Congress must work to keep #ACA, improve & fix it.
Please unite all @SenateDems with @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins  @SenCapito : No motion to Proceed w/o cmtee hearings
Pot, meet Kettle.  We have to pass the so we can find out what is in it.
This entire thing is a nightmare. I'm alive today due to the ACA helping me to afford treatment & surgery. My stress level is now sky high.
Thank you
So sorry you have to deal with this nonsense but sooo glad YOU are there to represent us.
Senators & everyone else deciding
MUST be made to have SAME insurance as given to the citizens
We will NEVER receive fair plan, until then!
your whining is ridiculous, there was no debate on the ACA
I'd suggest looking up a few facts before spouting that nonsense.
Fight for me Senator Feinstein because my Senator Toomey refuses to!
I have dear friends in PA. They HATE Toomey 
It's time to present a Single Payer bill.  Show the Amer. Ppl what public option can do & how the legislative branch is supposed to operate!
As long as it repeals ObamaCare it will be an improvement.
#WhenCorpsBecomePeoplePeopleBecomeCORPSES 
If they want to be "people" charge them with premeditated murder.
Please have them just rename the ACA  the "Donald Trump is the greatest president" act and let them say they repealed ACA. Be done with it.
Before 1973 it was illegal in the US to profit off of health care. In1973 Nixon changed everything.

http://investmentwatchblog.com/did-you-know-that-before-1973-it-was-illegal-in-the-us-to-profit-off-of-health-care-the-health-maintenance-organization-act-of-1973-passed-by-nixon-changed-everything/ …
Mitch McConnell is a Masterdebater!
the kochs are robbing U.S. of our treasure and our ability to take care of the wounds THEY cause....
DEATHCARE: kochs = 34BIL TAX CUT • waltons = 53BIL TAX CUT • the children of the orange = 4BIL TAX CUT.... all on the TAXPAYERS DIME....
It's the motion to amend the motion to reconsider the amendment to motion the amendment to kill thousands and strip them of healthcare.
Senator, Republicans have abandoned the rules & decorum on a level approaching criminality. Most unbecoming for our Senate.
@GoldnerAllan
Just like our current administration, ridiculous!
Give 'em heck, Senator! We're behind you. It *is* ridiculous.
