Despite saying that he never felt pressure to cease any investigation,Comey sanctimoniously smears Trump thru innuendo&personnel bias
Truth is what it's called.Trump is a mob like Thug.
Trump said "I hope you can" not do it. To me that means he hopes Comey doesnt find any facts to support the Flynn charges.
If a robber held u at gunpoint & said "I hope u can give me your wallet" I doubt that the word hope would lessen the threat
Still a threat
& when robber left would u write it in a journal or report it ??????
Comey did BOTH. In fact he listed the MANY high level FBI/DOJ folks he REPORTED it to.
Either Comey is a cowardly,emotional wimp or he is a dangerous,crafty, political manipulator.I am going w/the latter.
You're describing tRump perfectly!But I would add;incompetent, chaotic,willfully ignorant, misinformed,egotistical,crooked, obsessed w self
Makes NO SENSE once FBI director wouldn't report. Even if he was stunned!
Report to who ??? Jeff Sessions????? 
Multiple ppl he could have reported to. Even dem elites say so.
Meh
@SenFeinstein have you never been caught off guard and not responded as you should have?  Perhaps you've never been alone with Trump.
& what about when "stunned" FBI director got his wits back. Chose to journal instead of report. Total bs. Doesn't add up.
Makes no sense comey chose to journal instead of report. IF he had good motives
Here's the thing:Had Comey explained to trump that what he asked was against protocol thenTrumps defense that he wasn't aware wouldn't stick
When she asked Comey why he didn't tell trump that his behavior was inappropriate or abusing power Comey agreed& said "good question"
Thank you, you were masterful!  Your question re: why he didn't stop and say "this is wrong" was historic and revealing.
Thank you for acknowledging Mr Comey's integrity as you began questioning. DT is a NY thug. #ImpeachTrump
Agree. Senator Feinstein was/Is outstanding.
Curious. U were desc as "emotional", that was sexist & something that wouldn't hv been said abt a woman.  "You're big, you're strong"  Same?
I don't agree with you on this one- think your perspective smells of entitlement #presidentialabuse
Liberals are funny they look the other way for there own but crucify the others for doing the same thing
What "same" thing? _______ Feinstein was stellar.
With all due respect, asking Comey why he wasn't stronger is like asking someone why they dont tell their abuser how wrong their behavior is
Hopefully she will broaden her paradigm and know big strong men can be victims too.
Comey is full of shit!! He's been shilling for the Clinton's for decades #zerocredibility
@SenFeinstein @SenSchumer  We need more senators standing up for impeachment. Please join @RepAlGreen and @BradSherman !!!!!
Many of us believe the reason y'all  keep beating this dead Russian Horse is bc you have nothing constructive to bring to the table.
Excellent work! You make California proud!
Can i question you about your views on single payor?
Trump is corrupt and a liar simple and plain. He asked Putin for help during the debates and got it. What's in for Russia?
Comey is sensational and obviously in the right..you appeared to go after him.  On public TV.  Odd.
Why did you ask Comey why he didn't object to the President at the time of the White House convention? What was your purpose? #California
Your questioning of Comey sounded as if you were blaming Comey for POTUS's attempt to obstruct.
Your questioning of Comey sounded as if you were blaming Comey for POTUS's attempt to obstruct. #ComeyHearing
Good job DiFi!!
The Russian investigation is a cloud that impairs our leader to lead. Until proof of a broken law is found you should drop it.
Ok. Trump did not say "I hope there's nothing to find." He said "I hope YOU can let this go"
You were great
He exposed Loretta 4 tampering president election and she should be investigated and Comey is a leaker!
Why is it That seersucker seems more important than your "work"?
I see James Comey as Hero.I see trump as an incompetent http://Thug.You  were outstanding with your questions!
"You're a big guy." What is wrong with you Senator?? You and the rest of the GOP-lite Democrats are an embarassment.
Dersh is a Trump fan, he has a membership at Mara-la-go.  Obviously biased, greatly.
He said damage to @HillaryClinton and former AG hope your going after them !!! I want you too lead the way @FoxNews  make her !

Thank you Senator Feinstein! We in California so blessed that you are our Senator!
PATHETIC COMEY THREW EVERYONE UNDER THE BUS AND LYNCH They all should under INVESTIGATION
Seemed like a missed opportunity. Very disappointed.
Sen. Feinstein, was the closed door hearing as intense as we all imagine? Anything that might get us a new president soon?!
I don't understand why you thought he should be the one to tell *45 he was being inappropriate- A REAL PRESIDENT should have known.
I gotta say I was disappointed. Easy to do Monday morning QBing. Wonder how brave you'd be when something comes at you outta left field. 
When did scolding by Comm Chairs start sufficing for prosecution of blatant witness Contempt of Congress (Coates & Rogers)?
Fantastic job on the questioning and I love the seersucker!
Thank you, @SenFeinstein!!!
your questions are poor and you seem underprepared
When one member of GOP congress point out to trump he's inappropriate then maybe you've got a point, until then NOT
Pathetic as usual.. Term Limits!!
Ur assuming that the president asked comey to "stop further investigation "
this was your assumption, he never asked this of director comey
Thank you SenDiFi! We Californians are proud of you
You did a great job.
Well done Senator. I enjoyed watching the wheels of democracy grind. #subpeonaTrump
You are sharp and strong and smart and articulate.  Thank you for representing Californians today.
and you relayed a @GOP talking point. Again. You are a #shameless profiteer. Join @SenJohnMcCain for a nice well-done ketchup steak w/ Trump
!!!! WAKE UP WE WERE HACK NUMBER 10 WE WERE WARNED IM BEGGINNING TO THINK ALL OF YOU ARE CORRUPT
#ComeyHearing  #SenateIntelHearing 

WHY don't Dems on Committe get together, list questions and each can ask? An get more Details of each
COMEY CANNOT REMEMBER EVERYTHING VERBATUM. WHY DIDNT HE PROSECUTE HILLARY FOR HER SELLING OUR URANIUM TO POCKET MONEY, HER LIES, OBAMAS LIES
Thank you @SenFeinstein for the great questions you asked Comey. It's the best among the Senators.
Hugely impressed by your questions and bearing. So good to see a brilliant female politician at work.
please retire, CA deserves so much better
Good news: Comey confirms there WAS obstruction of justice. Bad news: it was by Loretta Lynch! Worse news for Democrats: you lose. Again!
Notwithstanding the circumstances, and given his weakness & questionable character, is he someone you would hire? Trust?
Thank you for sharing this with the People of California
Sen; let's see how you'd respond alone in the Oval office..walk in someone's shoes before you say what you'd do! SAD
Thank you.  Great job and awesome suit.  Excellent questions
Which other POTUS got $100 M laundered rubles, put the money launderer in charge of Commerce, Putin Pal in State? None. Only Trump. Follow $
TERM LIMITS
Vice President knew about Flynn, so that's not why Trump fired him
I agree. Pence was on the transition team how the hell did he "not know" about Flynn. It's bullshit.
You consoled him what an embarrassment
Big old nothing Burger
and you did a damn good job. MY senator. 
You blew smoke up his ass #Feinstein
#Democrat's had daggers in Comeys back aft he made negative Hillary comments prior to Nov
#ComeyHearing
Thank you for your commitment to the truth and your service to your constituents and the country. #Comey
So you ask some questions, and?????
Why is everyone else being leaned on to be responsible for 45's inappropriate behaviors?
Senator, I love you, but please don't wear that jacket on live broadcasts, it hurt my eyes.
Seriously?! 
Very odd Dianne you found him "appalling" oct 27 2016
Why did you "victim shame" Comey? That seemed a little disingenuous since the POTUS is the one in the wrong.
Although she was clearly not the only one, plenty did the same. No one IN THE WH seems to be able to tell him he's wrong, but Comey should?
Exactly. No criticism for Sessions who was his boss and should have stood up for him. He didn't have the balls either, but they blame Comey
Exactly! When Comey described what Sessions did he made a gesture that I could totally see coward Sessions doing - half shirk, half eye roll
Acknowledged: Sen.Dianne Feinstein
I'm confused ... fawning praise vs appalled.
was it like "rate this dummy" or "inquire about circumstance of termination"?
Yeah u did and ur a embarrassment, resign ur to old to be reasonable.
Thank you @SenFeinstein for your work!
She is too old and wears the mold of the tired arguments of the left, you too show the age of sold out liberals that blindly follow the old
More like blew...but if you wanna call it questioning.
Great nothing burger huh!?!?
Jaysus you're lightning on the twitter machine lol
woo-hoo "look at me", boy I was tough, I am real sharp, MSM talking heads will want me on the SundayTalkingHeads Shows--woo-hoo
@realDonaldTrump was pressuring Comey to end the investigation and pledge his loyalty! This is not normal!
And what Loretta Lynch did was normal, telling Comey to down play the investigation of Hillary? The AJ's visit on the plane with Bill?
COMEY: TRUMP DID NOT ASK ME TO STOP INVESTIGATING RUSSIA, NO VOTES WERE ALTERED BY RUSSIA IN 2016. #ComeyHearing #NothingBurger
