Give away all our money. Fool
You are SO out of touch with the American people!
Really??? America first. What is wrong with that? Vets are homeless and what are you doing about it?
When will you get anything right? Oh, wait you are so far out in left field that reality is lost in the sun.
Middle class, defined by half of pop earn 50K or less.  47% of Amrcns can't weather a 400$ emrgcy w/o borrowing.  22% below poverty. NO MORE
Anybody in congress who can look at a Nat'l debt that grows by 2.4B every 24 hrs, and say give me more refugees, needs to get out of office!
We need to care of our own first!
Government of by and for the people governed
That's not a welfare state to the world
I agree with you 100%
Are you using your personal wealth for payment?  You have become disconnected from those of us who struggle to survive in America.
Your remark regarding President UN Speech represents (expresses) why you are so "wrong headed" and need to step aside and allow progress.
We have 800,000 DACA to legalize. Let us work on them first.
Bite me. Let them fix there problem
Where do you get all this money?  Let refugees in. Expand kindergarten. Give more $ to pregnant woman who can't afford to be pregnant etc...
Only problem with that utopian idea Sen. is how do you properly screen these people to keep the ones out wishing us harm. Answer please.
Vote these Liberals out while U still have a vote.  They will replace us w/ mass imgrtn, create 2 classes by exterminating & diluting middle
Dems R fiscally incompetent!  Our fabric is in taters because they continue 2 share our meager existence with million of illegals & refugees
America is dangerously broke.  More than 1/3 of our revenue goes to interest on debt.  Every American child born today, inherits 60K debt!
Then you pay for them. Leave our tax dollars alone
You really need to come out of that ivory tower and live around the people you're talking about bringing over here
As Kwai Chang Cain's master said, "Time For You To Go".
So open your home and invite them in.
Can you imagine if Georgia and Alabama denied Floridians access at their boarders?
Lol. Hardly the same thing.
No it's not. We don't have enough jobs for Americans now, and we're tired of supporting people.
Amen to that.

Yea. sure.
Obama doubled out debt.  Obama encouraged welfare. O took homes, savings & HC.  Dems want Globalism, need to defeat America's middle class.
The fabric of this country, not made from Burkas that conceal hate.  While Americans R very compassionate, we're not stupid.  Europe weeps!
Sadly, this country is no longer the country that it once was. It has become selfish, fearful and mean. It is losing its world standing.
We are 20 trillion in debt. Half the country is on government assistance, paid for by us! We need to take care of our own problems.
You wrongly assume refugees are a drain on the country. Past refugees have contributed greatly. Keep hearing we're the wealthiest country.
Your are a GD nut and a threat to the safety of American citizens.
She must B appealing to Hollywood, because middle America is unable to help itself, much less the world of Muslim refugees & Mex illegals!
We need to care of our citizens first. Health care, jobs, before we take care of others!  U all going to wind up in hell for what u are doin
I don't agree with your comment...
Take Care of Veterans first before we take care of people who are not even citizens
Here here, take care of our vets who served our country and our now homeless, shame on our government!
What fabric are you referring to? Lower it to zero.
Exactly.
There are many countries who can fill that void.  They will not if America does it all.  Time to share the burden and expense. Fair-Balanced
No it's NOT. We need none of them Zero.
Saw a video of you going after a POTUS nomination for their Catholic dogma goes against yours. Religious bigotry is unconstitutional.
-Bringing in refugees who have no intention of assimilation is cultural suicide! Our kids will pay the price. No thanks! #MAGA
Refugees are welcomed as long as they can be vetted
Sorry dippy Di these refugees hate us and want to kill us
Especially is they would vote for #Democrats
What about Medicare for All?  Will you support it or will we have to wait for your successor to support it?
The Amerian Indian throughout our country have always been neglected. Why are they over looked ?
There has to be a better solution for the refugees of whom you speak of.
I can point you and other government officials to under privileged  white children,Hispanics and black families that are in need of help.
Taking in Refugees without venting them first is a bad idea have you Democratic's learned anything wake up
Agreed but we should have a white cap
and this just shows how out of touch you are to the American people. We want Americanism for now. Those who have come refuse to assimilate
Agreed!!!
No it's not
So is following the law... no more illegal immigrants...
Let them stay in your neighborhood. Bet not one near for miles. Bet u have a nice high wall too, eh Di?
62 million voters said NO.

Move some into your house then and pay to support them?
Having an 80 year old old bag in congress is just plain wrong. Remember how you voted against Kate's law?
Well sew the fabric together Finestein and have them come and camp out on your lawn
With ISIS infiltrators there should be NO refugees. Help them build their own nation in a protected MidEast area. There's plenty of land.
You are truly delusional
No terrorists.
No you are just. Plane wrong always are and always will be...THE American PEOPLE ARE SICK OF FEEDING ILLEGALS AND MUSLIMS NOW
Plain wrong
Miss Feinstein the idea sewn into America's fabric is to take of OWE first and foremost. Refugees and illegals come second. AMERICANS FIRST
Trump is right, we need to lower all immigration until we regain control of our borders.  Illegal immigration is overwhelming our resources.
No it's not... we can't save the world-- our economy can't afford it-- oh, sorry-- Forgot i was talking to the party of Tax and spend #maga
Especially since Americans have had s large scale example of what it's like to be a displaced refugee. Thanks for your hard work Diane! 
WHEN do you idiots in Congress, LISTEN to the taxpaying, voting public and STOP the flood of refugees, and deport the illegals, WHEN?
NO, DIANE, Americans do NOT WANT MORE REFUGEES. They do not assimilate. they don't want to BE AMERICANS. NO MORE REFUGEES.
Where should they go Dianne? In homeless encampments under the freeways like we have all throughout CA. What about our homeless?
You are wrong. Take many o' seats 
The irony is that the U.S. arms cabal weaponizes and profits from the very wars these people are fleeing.
No it is not.  Maybe US interfering/instigating in these wars needs to stop, so there are no Refugees who have to flee.
Spoken like a true put of touch elite politician.
Well, then, put the refugees in Pacific Heights where you live.
I have 20 trillion reasons why you're thoroughly incorrect.
Medicare is $29 trillion in debt and the country is broke.  Doubling down is suicidal, financially.
It's not sewn in anything. You enjoy the spoils from underpaid workers. Worry about those impoverished Americans first. This is why you lose
Also part of our fabric is we do not run we stand and fight. Refugees should be held to the same ideals. We will help people in need always.
Acquaint yourself with Thomas Acquinas "Summa Theologica" re #HOSTILE and #FRIENDLY immigrants and a nations right for  laws whom to invite.
I respectfully disagree. USA cannot indefinitely take in more people without negative consequences to our environment and public services.
No it's not.  We dontt need refugees that refuse to assimilate into our society and live by our laws and constitition.
There are US senators I strongly disagree w/ but remain respectful, in spite of life or death issues at stake. Shame on these responses.
Medicare for all senator!
What about refugees from our horrendous healthcare system #medicare4all
Not if they hate our Country and don't assimilate to our laws.
Stop spending our taxes on your bleeding heart pet projects designed to keep Calif liberal politicians in office in perpetuity. We know!
No it's not, Feinstein.  They need to stay and fight for their freedom as Americans did
I agree! Our country is falling apart & the left want to bring in more problems! Mostly fit, young men to boot! Stay & fight!
If they won't fight for their own country they won't fight for this one either. That's NOT the kind of ppl we want here
When the going got tough... they ran away. This country wasn't founded on cowardice
Especially when we have a hand in those wars and disasters
No!  Take care of our veterans and citizens first.
BUT these 'guests' never go HOME. They stay and stay and stay and stay as nauseam. But do not become nor love Americans.
You are clueless.  Have you seen our own inner Cities.  Take care of American First Lady.
Good Wednesday, Senate Judiciary/Intelligence Committee Member; Sen. Dianne Feinstein of SF,  CALIFORNIA, @SenFeinstein
Sewn where?
Why do communists like you speak in anologies. Fabric? Really? Like a carpet? Clothing?
No, it is right. You Democrats cannot keep forcing American tax payers to support everyone, esp. when their values contradict.
You really need to watch the you tube poverty gumball video.we cannot take over 100 million people in a year. They need fixing there.
Less Dem voters. Boo hoo
We needn't be stupid about this. Look around. The World is caught in the middle of a Religious Holy War.
Respectfully, these numbers are not good. I find these views, based on #Islam, abhorrent and do NOT want them here:
Amen
Thank you for your generous contribution to the Trump re-election campaign. Your MAGA hat is in the mail.
You mean lowering your voting base is just plain wrong right we have your
Will they be sent back when their coutries are back on track? Probably not! Just why not open up the boarder to the world!
No, not wrong, Dianne! Common sense! That's what it is! Do you have any common sense?
I know you are liberal - but to challenge religious thought? You swore an oath to the U.S. Const. not your personal view
Keeping Feinstein as CA senator is just plain wrong.   She supports this ongoing genocide of America with illegals.
Why? Many are Catholics...you want them surpressed.
Come legally or don't come
Give it up Feinstein .just more liberal votes
Exactly what she wants! Doesn't give a  about the rest of us!

If they follow the rules and go through the immigration process. Just like my wife, a legal immigrant, did.
I agree this is important, however I feel that we would spend less energy fighting bad policy if we focused on the Russian issue first.
Pls. poll on how many families would invite refugee women and children into their homes. Why is this not a part of support we give refugees?
why has the supreme court allowed this ban, Dianne?
Like many of the want to kill us. Whats wrong with you?
For God Sake Get Out of Office.
It's working out grEAT for the EU! Let's invite more people who's values and beliefs are at opposite ends of the spectrum. Where is wisdom??
We can't take care of our own. You are crazy. You just want their votes. #crazy Democrat
Listen carefully Senator 
Germany is calling you Go there and take your friends with you and revoke your citizenship and don't come back.
This country was built on civil war from Britain and internally. These people of fighting age must stay and defend their rights! Not flee..
Let's take care of Americans here first. We have homeless, Vets in need and many poor to help!
What if they are catholic? Are you going to ask them questions, and tell them you are concerned about their faith?

Re: your questioning an administration nominee regarding her religion. They did the same to JFK. Your slip is showing.
R U playing the diversion game?While agree w/UR comment,2day the issue is MEDICARE 4 ALL!Get w/the ppl's program,stop diverting from it!
People in our country need to understand the difference between a refugee and an immigrant
Believe you mean neither of which.  All of which are just people.  Some as different as you are to me.  I'm not fearful of them.  Are you?
Go to one of their "no go" zones in Michigan or New York and see if you still feel the same
I'm sensing you have a lot of fear of other.  I've been to dangerous places in our country & the world.  Go make friends with someone scary
I pray our immigration system finds a fair and balanced solution. My heart hurts for all those refugees in need. Please work together.
But it's time.
Yes. Thank you.
Why?
There wouldn’t be anymore quill pens or flint lock rifles either. Fast forward a couple hundred years.
