#NeilGorsuch How Do You Stand On The Child Protection Industry? | #CorruptCPS | a Documentary https://youtu.be/Ako81otKzgs  via @CorruptCPS
Wonderful guy. Devout Christian no doubt -
Another reason why @SenateMajLdr and @GOP should stop forcing this nomination down our throats. @GorsuchFacts are frightening! #StopGorsuch
Thats old, no merit.
What a horrible Justice he will make.
As an autustic college student, I believe Gorsuch does not deserve a political position of any kind.
Keep watching olberman it explains your ignorance
Nothing we can do now
Gorsuch isn't a legitimate option. judge Garlands seat was stolen. Never gave him a vote, in a year w/ empty seat.
you should be ashamed of yourself for trying to flood social networks with BS you don't believe
You are a liar! & CA is the worst state to have a disabled child! I should know.  Our schools are behind, and too over crowded to catch up!
Gorsuch is a disgrace
Where were you and rest in 2006?
I guess we don't have to wonder why the R's want him then They absolutely hate actual children Only love fetuses in other women's uterus's
There's no reason beyond partisan politics to deprive the American people of a fully staffed #SCOTUS. #DoYourJob #crybaby
That's why @Heritage Foundation Love Him So Much, The Federalist Society Too.!   @FederalistSocie @Scotus
And anyone in education knows that IDEA has gutted public education in order to serve one at the expense of the majority but you don't care
Key word, unanimous
From what I've read, his rulings come more from conserv. religion & pro-business views than from stare decisis & law. Like Lochner Court.
how's that
This judge has too many strikes against him we just cannot have him in
#VoteNo
He is just horrible! Keep up the fight.
The SCOTUS is often the final stop for a minority seeking protection from the tyranny of a majority. Laws are not simply words on paper.
This is really the example of why you will not vote for him?   Perhaps it is you that is the problem.
Yes exactly thank you
Please do your duty. You are failing.
He's kid was a potato that blinks. Is it fair to place said potato with others? Not if it detract from the learning of non-potatos
Oppose #gorsuch. 2 extreme 4 US. Would he B welcome elsewhere? #russia? #zimbabwe? #Mars? #resist
Vote against him.
#Gorsucks. May Karma return to him what he has dealt to others. Bigly.
Then why did you vote for him years ago
I just wonder why did it take this long for a statement line this from you senator Feinstein, i try to call, line was very busy.
  change?
Unstable and undignified. As for me and mine we would have to vote NO. You vote as you would for your own family. The family of US(A) too.;)
And hildawg put coal miners child on welfare! How does that make you feel? Warm I bet becuase your heart is cold as a witches kiss!
He is a monster
#StopGorsuch
@SenateDems @politico WHAT THE F..k!!!
And you support this @senrobportman ???
Such bullshit. The autistic kid was getting an education. The issue was how much taxpayers had to spend.
Yet the #WhiteHouse was just lit blue for autism. Just like April was pronounced sexual assault awareness month.  @oreillyfactor
Your husband is buying government property for  pennies on the $1000s you give him the property available 1st come 1st serve. Corrupt.
Could you share links or information you Have  to prove your comments?.
No I don't I am a democrat .
Is this the case where the 8 SCOTUS members unanimously voted to overturn his ruling?
...along with ruling against a woman's right to be covered for contraception through her employer-provided health plan. Absolutely wrong.
Gorsuch upheld the Constitution and its laws as written by Congress (you). If you don't like the results, change the law. It's your job.
But when they do, you don't like it, Congress pass a law, judge Roberts sided with Obamacare. I bet you dislike that decision, I'm i wrong?
Your constituents in Sacramento appreciate your leadership on this. Stay strong!
@SenateDems These lies don't work. Quit making up stuff.
also he plagiarised
I'm sure the GOP looking for that decision!
@SenSchumer if you give in due to threat of nuclear option, GOP will just threaten same with next nominee. Vote No on Gorsuch.
Your so going to get nuked thanks Harry Reid #confirmgorsuch
He is definitely on the naughty list.
@SenSchumer Gorsuch is not fit for our highest court. I support "no" vote even if it means the nuclear option.
You do know that the Supreme Court rules on the basis of the Constitution and not on outcome, right? #MachiavellianDems
Thank god it was overturned
Judge Gorsuch appears to be a monster. Never thought #Scalia would seem...cuddly.
A real salt of the earth!
I can't believe how stupid you think Democrats are
If you don't like the rules then change them Feinstein. You don't change the judge
Listen to Cher
