2/6 Leaving the Iran nuclear agreement now would only undercut our ability to solve future diplomatic crises, including North Korea.
3/6 Our national security experts and the international nuclear inspectors all agree that Iran is living up to its commitments.
4/6 Congress must not reimpose sanctions as long as Iran is complying or we risk being isolated from our allies.
5/6 It’s the United States, not Iran, that will have broken its commitments, further damaging our credibility on the international stage.
6/6 We already have one nuclear crisis on our hands, we don’t need another.
You Dem s are the reckless ones for ever trusting the Iranians.  WE all know they always abide by their promises. LOLA
Getting into that deal in the first place was reckless and irresponsible
Should we just wait for the terrorists to take over our homeland because they hack all the power and wears helpless?
YAHWEH'S MINISTRY, HILO, HAWAII
You and any other elected official who supports Obama's phony Iran nuclear agreement is an American traitor.
this was bc of his deep deep hatred for ANYTHING @barackobama put in place. Look at DACA, look at ACA, look at regs pulled back-SHAME @POTUS
You and Nancy Pelosi chucky Schumer Obama and the others are traders to America just stop trying to sell out America.
Not so they took our Taxpayers money in cash then crapped on us.
He really needs to have a long meet with the president of New York!
He didn’t certify it. Now quit lying, do your job, and make it a real treaty
Dianne, why is the liberal plan just to attack Trump? Iran did nothing they were supposed to do in the accord. Why should we ignore that?
Iran is made of families ..
I would trust Trump over you any day! You help people break the law!!! Why should anyone listen to you. I used to respect you.
That 'agreement' was a toothless paper tiger.
Nope! Disagree with you all the time!
Thank you for working so hard to ensure the public really understands the effect of much of the action taken by TRUMP!
Your support of Iran having Nukes is irresponsible to begin with. You are too senile to serve office and you DO NOT represent California!
You need to end the electoral college
WHEN WILL SOMETHING BE DONE TO IMPEACH THIS INCOMPETENT MAN. SCARY
Trumps decision is correct. Iran has never & will never ever be our allies. Quit spreading FAKE NEWS. Time for you to go with Nancy & Maxine
What was reckless and irresponsible was Obama creating this agreement without the input of Congress ! Reprehensible !!
Great to say.  Now Congress stand up, act and call his WWIII bluff. DO SOMETHING. No handwringing. Act in our bipartisan best interest.
explain to me you #fool why we gave them the money in the first place!?! #444days #IranHostages
Please retire already.
IF THE DEAL DOESNT REFLECT THE SPIRIT OF THE DEAL THEN NO CHOICE BUT TO REJECT IT   ...KEEP IT UP MR PRESIDENT. WE LOVE YOU .. GOOD JOB
Please, just look what ayatolah did in the past 40 years, this government can't be trusted, they lie,kill,steal and have no red line
Sounds like our current White House
I am so glad you are running for re-election... we NEED you!
Agreed. But what is Congress doing to reverse this course of action?
He is trying to dismantle our constitution. Time to invoke our 2nd amendment. We need a strong militia to ensure Trump does not become king
20 years in the Navy defending our country and supporting the constitution.only to have this asshat try to destroy it. Is a disgrace
No what was reckless irresponsible and ILLEGAL was OBAMAS IRAN DEAL should have gone THROUGH CONGRESS not on a PLANE in the middle of night
He is against our first amendment, freedom of the press and everything that make our country great. We need to get rid of him
MO what was reckless
We are dealing with a time share realtor. He has lied to us everyday. His only agenda is to turn over everything Obama did for us
Congress is weak, unwilling to be strong and courageous.
Weakened the military now afraid of the world.
Now we know you hate America. You want to arm a known enemy of the US with nuclear power.  #DIANNEDONE

Pleeease get him out of office
Complaining about Trump helping Israel seems to put Feinstein at odds with Israel, but not really.  Jews know it's all show & politics.
Feinstein might want to investigate how much INFLUENCE Israel is exercising over the US gov't on a daily basis.  But she won't, she's owned.
It's Israel again.  Maybe you've heard of them?  They don't like Iran.
Just President Trump kicking Congress in the a$$ to do something. 
Suck it up Senator! Do you want another NOKO?
He seems to be one of the only sane people in DC
With all due respect,  shut up.
You are getting too old, you need to leave. Iran has nuclear and ballistic capabilities and has killed hundreds of thousands of syrians.
Reckless decision is when Obama gave 1,5 billion in CASH before the deal.  Now that has shown was dangerous.
Anyone who thinks Trumps decertifying the Iran Nuclear deal.  Go watch Bill Clinton's speech on his N Korea "good deal".   Trump did 
Bill Clinton's "good deal" led to North Korea of today.  Obama's "good deal" would do lead to a nuclear Iran.   This was a BAD deal.
No it’s not, I’m glad he’s not willing to pay a terrorist state our money for the privilege of their kidnapping our people.  But you’re you.
#DotardTrump is reckless & irresponsible in many fronts IMHO Yet, @GOP is either spineless, complicit or so power-hungry it lets him be #FBR
No, it is Bummer who is reckless and irresponsible along with you for supporting his nonsense. The agreement should never have happened.
Can't you Senators Stop his protectors/appeasers? Trump is Dangerous! This is NOT partisan politics as usual. He is Unfit! #TrumpRussia
President Trump’s decision to ________________ is reckless and irresponsible.
But we will have a nuclear crisis after the sunset clause if we don't amend it.  But hey Dianne won't be around then so who cares...
decision is reckless and irresponsible, you forgot moronic
Not everyone thinks that. ONLY Democrats. Heard many say it was a terrible deal. Even Dem's didn't like it originally.
You supporting it originally was wreck less and irresponsible and giving Iran billions of dollars, you're not a leader
Handing over $300M in cash before Iran showed good intentions was reckless & irresponsible
BA HA HA HA HA.....Iran can eat it.
Resign. You allowed this Iran crap deal.
He should leave it alone.  But it's like he's trying to start a war with someone.  See @dummy  @POTUS
Getting in the deal to begin with was reckless and irresponsible
Speak for yourself woman, you can go ahead and donate money to Iran so they can empower their nuclear capabilities if you care so much
For a senator your not too bright. This is why the Senate has the Constitutional responsibility to ratify all treaties. By not creating a
Treaty to deal with Iran President Obama showed just how serious he really thought the issue was
Everything he does is reckless and irresponsible. He is spending our money on golf trips.  It's all about him. #notmypresident
I agree Senator, but when will you endorse California #SB562 or the #MedicareForAll bill?
Had you learned to read you would understand that ball is in Congresses court
We may be shocked by who piggy backs . Strong science from strong thinkers may spread when developed . New ideas can be dangerous shared .
When will he be gone
So you can handle all his work @SenFeinstein. @FLOTUS needs to talk to her husband, her iQ I believe but not his. @POTUS #worldwar3
#25thamendment
How many fronts does he think our brave, young men and women can fight on? And what about the Russian sanctions that he’s not implemented?
We should capitulate to our terrorist enemies said Dianne. Please #ResignNow Dianne
Lunatic-in-Chief doesn't want or care about diplomacy. Probably can't define it. He wants all Trump, all the time. "Only I can do it..."
That is why sane people like you should have contested for the office, I bet you could not sailed through your compound screening exercise
Bot did u say? #GoogleTranslateFail 
Boy bye 
It did seem like he'd lost his grip.
She's got a lot of them on here. Most Dem leaders and journalists are flooded. It's out of control.
Calling the @realDonaldTrump reckless and irresponsible is like calling water wet.

And Russia has attacked our Democracy. The date for Russia sanction increase was October 1, 2017. Republicans, what are u waiting for. 517-5
If this was such a great agreement, @SenFeinstein , you would have insisted the Obama admin submit it for Senate ratification.
#25thAmendment #ITMFA ... Haven't we all had enough yet?
 THEN 

JUST IN: Iran's Rouhani says on TV that multinational nuclear deal cannot be revoked by one country 
The treaty paved Iran's way to having a nuclear arsenal.....so who's irresponsible now?
Peace through strength Ms. Feinstein. Can’t wait for Cali to become a separate country...It certainly already acts like one.
What is happening to humanity
It's up to you Ms Feinstein and your colleagues to fix the flawed Iran agreement rather than calling potus reckless and irresponsible
It's AMERICA first Feinstein..NOT Iran!! U democrats better get used 2 that! #MAGA
How about since you democRats have done such a bang up job in the past...we let the Commander in Chief handle it... how bou dat!??
Congress has 60 days to invoke the 25th Amendment,  ALL of Congress will be held accountable.
#ImpeachTrumpNow
You are reckless and irresponsible
Please Retire Dianne.
Please retire . America will be better served if you do .
#25thAmendmentNow
Yes because President Obama failing to negotiate a treaty and have the Senate ratify it is grounds for the 25th to be invoked. The executive
In the United States to enforce treaties, not enforce agreements in order to circumvent the Constitutional treaty provisions
The contributing Americans do not agree with you they agree with the president support him and you support contributing Americans
THAT'S "COMPLICIT " Americans,  25th Amendment or you are complicit in all reckless decisions he makes.
Good I hundred percent support the president and all his actions couldn't say the same for the last president
Considering we had a HOP controlled Senate, I couldn't agree with you more. Place the blame where it belongs.
PUT THIS MAN IN A SANITARIUM!
He will kill us all anyway by sabotaging the #ACA. #HandsOffHealthcare
 #25thAmendmentNow #DOTARD #MuellerIsComing #TrumpAlzheimers #TrumpIsUnfit
Tweet added to the ever growing thread of Trump's obvious mental decline.
#25thAmendment
#FridayThe13th 
