so withhold all consent until they hold hearings
What are you going to do to stop this?
Fight this hidden bill with all you've got! #NoAHCA #IAmAPreexistingCondition
Thank you for hearing us no to #TrumpCare #Ryancare #McConnellcare #showusthebill
Where's the investigation into McConnells war on democracy?  His early blockage of Russia story?
The dems need to come up with your own bill and have it ready to go the minute you get control back. Many of us are going to die :(
Please Senator Feinstein hold the Senate healthcare bill up to the light. Show the people what is being hidden!
Didn't we have to pass the first bill, to see what was in it? Remember That? You feeble minded jackal.
I can remember Pelosi saying to a congress member who protested he did not have time to read Obamacare.  She said, sign it & read afterward
Please shut down all non-essential business in the Senate until there is public hearings for AHCA. This bill must not pass!
Please fight with everything you've got against this bill. Americans are counting on you!
Thank you for fighting this.  Americans deserve health care and honesty in politics.
So when dems were still working on their ACA you call it debating?
We're counting on your leadership to stop this monstrosity! Thank you for keeping up the fight. #SanFrancisco #AHC
Sen. Feinstein, @SenKamalaHarris, you & colleagues must shut down Senate business til AHCA sees light of day, gets proper debate #shutitdown
I can assume that because democrats like to skew any information against them It would make sense to wait until a final draft.
Lead by example. Set up public hearings. Even if just Dems show up
Please vote against this mean bill
Lying again -  REMEMBER YOUR BEST BUD @NancyPeolosi said that you had to pass #obamacare to know what was in it - No transparency from Dems
i total agree with you 100%
Debated? Lolololololol
I would very much be impressed if you gathered reasonable dems and make aveffort to work w repubs on a bipartisan bill best for all. Thanks.
I'm sorry senator. But I'm your constituent & actually find you reasonable & honorable. So I'm going to make SURE you know how I feel :)
Because they are still working on it. How come so many dems sd they hadn't read it b4 voting on ACA?
We deserve to hear as in the past.
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @washingtonpost
Trump while the media is distracted w/ latest rabbit hole w/ Mueller, this is happeningSenate GOP meets @ WH today...distract=cover-up
You're the pot calling the kettle black. Do these words ring a bell: "We have to pass the bill before we can find out what is in it"
The American people deserve a SAY on a plan which could leave many without health coverage!
@SenateGOP: The AHCA plan cooked up by House Rs isn't supported by >than 2/3rds of U.S. Your politics re: ACA=a public health disaster. WTF?
Why so secret @SenateGOP @HouseGOP. Transparency  is the key to trusting in govt
Not enough to tweet. What action will you take? Bring Senate to halt until bill is seen in sunlight.
And how did it work out your total failure Obamacare... Dianne???
The hail-to-the-Fuhrer display put on today by trump's cabinet and staff was the equivalent of a "pledge" demanded by trump. @RepAdamSchiff
Your my senator, why is this happening?
This is fair the Republicans are officially the party of crooks liers and cheats !!! I guess good conservatives need new Party by repubs !!!
sessions is like a mental invalid & his swarm of botched psychological malpractices is psychically unsanitary
But but is was the most beautiful, the best plan EVER!  Trump said so.  How can there not be a plan... Trumpees believe it.
block the secret Republican health care repeal
This is ridiculous!  Stop them
Senator Feinstein, We are counting on you . 23 Million Americans deserve it. @KamalaHarris
They (Republicans) are not to be trusted one bit .this is not how a democracy works
Americans are entitled to know the GOP Health Care plans BEFORE any vote!!
Insist on open hearings Senator!
For heaven's she...what are they hiding?!
Sake
How can this be stopped?  This is not the way our government should treat it's citizens. #ACA #ACAdebate
Go after them and protect the public.
Can we assume this means you will definitely be voting against the bill?  :)
She has to, she'll definitely lose her seat if she doesn't.
Hey Feinstein just wondering when you are going to take the plastic bag challenge.
because they are nasty creepy liars who know they are planning to harm others
Funny... I never heard any debate on Obamacare... passed in secret! Stop lying!
Don't let them get away with this! Do whatever it takes to STOP this travesty. It's not about politics; it's about people's lives!!!
Please, Senator, stage a major demonstration with all house and Senate colleagues: sit down, march, filibuster. This is NOT Normal!
Your not a victim here -put a hold on every GOP nominee in the SENATE UNTIL WE HAVE BIPARTISAN PUBLIC HEARINGS ON HEALTHCARE
What happened to you have to pass it to see what's in it??
How is this right? Regardless of party they represent us all, as do the dems. Shutting out the other side entirely is akin to a coup.
Or, the one where you can keep your doctor and your plan???
Shameful
You mean the one we had to pass to see what's in it???
And in other news, Republicans are shady.
Senator Feinstein, thanks for asking a tough question and for an investigation of Lynch last week.
Terrifying
"For nothing is hidden that will not become evident, nor anything secret that will not be known and come to light." Luke 8:17
The ACA was also big mystery, remember? I do!
Thank you for speaking up for the People Sentator
Please keep fighting for us.  we cannot go backwards.  #NoAHCA
you say it was debated but yet Nancy said it had to be passed to see what was in it. How is that debating something when you don't know?
Can somebody please leak it?  Patriotic Americans would
We have to pass it so we can find out whats in it! -N. Pelosi. If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor. -B. Obama #Obstructionists
Its a secret because they're trying to hide all those tax cuts they're making for themselves!
The GOP plan cannot possibly be worse than the ACA. Let's just pass the bill to know what's in it... (Like Pelosi has said)
Speak up @SenFeinstein and @KamalaHarris!!
Dont let them get away with this!!
I agree. They don't have to worry about their healthcare because us taxpayers are paying for it.
So let's finally start doing to them what they did to Democrats for 8 years. Make some noise, raise some hell - we're depending on you
When Dems express an interest in wanting to work WITH republicans debate will be welcomed. No sign of that happening.
So - are you going to join with colleagues to stop all business until full public debate held? If not this just empty rhetoric.
Dont let these sneaky slimy #GOP snakes repeal your #healthcare in the dark&give u #AHCA #ResistTrumpCare Call UR Senators&keep calling
Senator, I just emailed McConnell and asked that they release the Bill. Have a nice day.
And you're saying it's not secret because it's so good they don't want to ruin the surprise? ;-)
What are they hiding? The American people have a right to know what is going on with our healthcare!
I called your office and asked if you'd be willing to shut down senate business if they don't open the bill up, will you?
Fortunately our state is pushing for a single-payer system
Any legislation this significant, impacts all Americans should be part of broader political process AND be evaluated by CBO before vote!
Please keep this front and center and do all you  can to fight this battle.  Lives literally depend on it obviously.  Thank you!
The law they're working on is a Vampire, sunshine will destroy it. TRUTH AND YOU KNOW IT MITCH
Go to their districts, hold town halls for constituents that want answers and tell them their reps are going to pass health plan in secret!
Fight back Senator Feinstein! Vote no. Refuse to conduct other business until a hearing is held! This is not regular order!
Isn't that what Republicans complained out with the ACA, secret and rushed through?
As a constituent, I expect you and Senator Harris to begin withholding consent on Senate business starting now until the GOP stops this evil
Please Senator, stop this bill from passing. We in CA need your strong voice to expose the republican party for the corrupt liars they are
And if they pass this secret plan, you should stop all Senate business. Period.
Uh huh and "we have to pass the bill to see what's in it" doesn't ring any bells. Go back to hell demon
The plan is republicans don't have a plan! The only replacement to ACA is #SinglePayer for all! They don't want to admit it!
Democrats could have passed single payer instead of the ACA. Why didn't they?
The question should be: why can't republicans pass it now since they have the super majority in the government? #SinglePayer
They don't have a super majority  - they have only 52 Senators.
Super majority means: house,senate,WH and SCOTUS! If they vote for single payer, 8 Dems will join for sure! GOPers don't want/care to do it.
That's your definition. The Democrats actually had one in 2009 - which requires 60 Senators so the other party had no input. Ergo - ACA.
Simply outrageous
...and the Republicans say they're working for the people! Ridiculous!
What a time to be alive. Republican leadership has thrown away any claims to governing with Democrats. First wanton obstruction now this.
Afraid.  They are afraid.  Afraid of whom?  Afraid of us.
Did you read it ?????
If you did you don't know shit about health care.  Been proven 
A disgrace.
Failed? Millions of Americans now demand that they have protection against a system that penalized them for a pre-existing conditions
Millions now demand that their children be covered.
20M previously uninsured are now insured.
Only "failure" is that of the #Republican Party who failed to help improve the #ACA & instead tried to sink the the plan & harmed Americans
