Thank you, Senator Feinstein!
Sen Feinstein, the people has spoken clearly, Donald Trump is now our President. Get that, stop behaving like a cryingbaby.
Kamala Harris: yet another commie
I am in constituent.  Thank you for opposing Mnuchin.  Trump's Wall Street cabinet is a disgrace.
thank you.
California has no money for dams because they wasted it on illegals? What say you?
You stink to high heaven
Why didn't you oppose ALL of Trump's picks except the Generals?  They are unprepared and incompetent.
Oh yea, Obama created an economy for everyone, a no growth economy.
He hurt a lot of ppl in CA to make his money.  They should have gone to jail for what they did...GOP same as DT
I think he could do a very good job. You have fought the confirmations of Trumps cabinet simply because it isTrump  Not good.
Seriously? The cabinet assembled has no experience & it shows. It's just a bunch Wall Streeters who don't know governance.
You have never given them a chance. These people are probably the greatest bunch of over-achievers ever serving the people.
I give people a chance- if they lie, it's over. He and his people are liars and unfit/unqualified to serve in this capacity.
thanks you for standing in front of this demolition administration.
Do all you can to stop this assault on our Am values
thank you!
Good for you!
who did you get to vote with you? Who did you persuade?
I'm beginning to think you oppose everything you didn't propose. Thus, I'm reaching the point where I'm sad you are a Senator
Thank you! now please have a serious investigation into not just Mike Flynn but entire Russian connection to Trump admin.
Nobody in history has failed California more than you and @SenatorBoxer
What an understatement!  Atleast the role of Goldman Sachs is clear now- control the US finances w/o any regulations -
Thank you, please keep at it.
thank you Senator Feinstein! #not1inch
democrats don't confirm anything that does not fit their criteria
and you are
Thank you Senator! #indivisible
Thank you for increasing the ROLLS OF WELFARE! You havent provided any jobs beyond your staff. #MAGA
Give him a CHANCE. People keep voting for you and we have gone deeper in debt and part time jobs. Please provide answers.
Thank you for looking out for Californians!   Representing!
You've helped in the destruction of California's economy, u have no room to talk
Thanks for sticking up for us.
That's for sure,  in this Administration the rich will become even richer.
Thank u for continuing to fight back against Trump's disgraceful cabinet picks.Keep the pressure on, regardless.
Thank you, Senator Feinstein. Can you tell me why @Sen_JoeManchin is voting YES & at times is lone Dem. voting w/@SenateGOP?
Good job! #Resist #Indivisible #NoMnuchin
thank you 
thank you.
And we want to thank the Democrats ideas of the last 8 years. NOT BUDGET ONE - $20 TRILLION DEBT. No room to talk
thank you for standing up for the people
Thank you from 95073!
Thank you.
Isn't it time for the Dems to strongly suggest that DINO Manchin run as a Repub next time around. What an embarrassment
I like to ask you about the new bill allowing mentally ill to purchase guns. We must be going crazy!
: Manchin's daughter is CEO at center of EpiPen price hike controversy. Did that influence his vote for AG and Treas. Sec.?
I agree completely, but too late now, I guess.
Thank you, @SenFeinstein - now, please stay resolute, and continue to #resist #standindivisible
thank you Senator Feinstein
Thank you! We appreciate all your 'no' votes!
have u seen the inequality in CA? What are you talking about #MAGA
Thank you! Keep up the good work! 
I am all ears. Who would have been on your top 3 if HRC had won?
thank you Senator Feinstein!
the Democratic party is nothing but Elite globalist selling out America to the corporate Elites for cheap labor
eight long years of slow to zero growth with millions of jobs lost and it was all the fault of Democrats like you and Obama
the Democrats and Obama had a long years to grow the economy and it was the worst 8 years and lawyers can't figure it out
Explain stock market? More hope than ever before
he works for everyone but you do not
you keep doing the right thing.
thank you !!!
Glad to hear it.
@AllLeftNews thanks "Repub" @Sen_JoeManchin
Thank you Senator. Please stick to your guns!
thank you for thinking about the rest of America and not just pleasing 45
thank you!
thank you for doing the right thing, Senator.
@GOP @SenateGOP Mnuchin like all other Republican cabinet nominees have no interest in everyday Americans.
Thank you for trying to drain the swamp that @realDonaldTrump @POTUS won't!
investigate #trumprussia
thank you
Thank you so much.  Could you please block Gorsuch as well? Not the right person.
And the DemoRats are the right people, You've lost touch with the American people,Stop Sancuary Cities.Your killing American
Thank you!
great job
yes, thank you, but what good has any of this done? Get rid of Flynn, Miller, Conway, and Bannon to start with.
thank you -- keep up the fight
@sherry4201 I agree with you
Thank you.
thank you from NorCal!
Thank you for standing up for us
Thank you!
Thank you.
thank you. I support you.
thank you!
thank you!
thank you!
I'm so looking forward to getting even poorer. Maybe they will double the interest on my wretched student loans.
Thank you Senator.
Thank you for your continued opposition to @POTUS So happy you are representing us!
thank you for standing up for an economy that works for all of us!
He must know a thing or two about you and your hubbys dealings... Crooks hate competition.
its okay just don't have the #s
Thank You for listening and representing us
You have opposed everything & everyone, while Trump has been flexible & forthright. Be apart of the cure, Feinstein. Try.
Thank you for taking a stand against Steven Mnuchin #indivisible
Thank you for standing tall against these outrageous nominations. #standindivisible
Thank you,  Senator. Californians count on you!
no, WE DO NOT COUNT ON HER. EXCEPT COUNTING HOW MUCH SHES RAKING IN.
Thank you for #TheResistance I am in your district. We are going to hold our reps accountable. #indivisibleCA30
- thank you.
Thank you!
thank you
As a Californian, I thank you for fighting this horrific train wreak of an administration! Looks like the swamp is overflowing
Can you get busy ridding us of sanctuary cities so we can continue to receive the federal  $$ we need? Thank you.
Thank you.
thank you!
Not good enough cuz he got in. Economy in Danger. Pls use 1924 IRS tax code to see Trump taxes. Need to get Trump out. Impeach
no he doesn't, thanks for trying
The President disagrees!
thank you Senator.
Thank you for opposing Mnuchin
thank you for resisting.
Seriously?is that was the Republicans did to Pres. Obama the last 8 years? Govern? Puuuleezz
Right! Biggest obstructionist ever. Yet, when the Dems do the same they are not playing fair. #hypocrisy
Are you being general enough? Oh yeah, you're a lefty. You don't need any facts.
thank you. Keep strong
Go Home.  Retire!
Thank you, Sen. Feinstein! Please keep fighting Donald Trump's destructive agenda!
I agree. We're back to looking out for the good of the rich forget the middle class and below. The gap only gets bigger.
what Dem voted for Mnuchin ?
Manchin, whose basically a purple Dem, from WV.
or for ANYONE... #sad #resist #persist
thank you senator
@funder
Okay, noted. You can go back to being useless again.
lol!! 
Keep on fighting for us.
you oppose everyone, why announce it?
Thank you, Senator!
