Once again you are wrong. I am in a low income family. I want to be able to buy my own insurance. This is an outstanianding bill
MEN that want to WIN everything @all costs don't have EMPATHY, & think nothing of LYING about things that won't effect THEMSELVES! It's BAD!
"This" is what happens when 13 dicks lock themselves in a room w/o adult supervision.
So when do taxpayers QUITE paying for giving crap away. They started it 50 years ago with intercity blacks and look what you have now
What did they start 50 yrs ago? And why was it started? Thanks
Time to give them a little of the same! #theydeservethesame. #healthcareforall
Stop making this a gender issue. Californians are homeless and drug addicted because CA taxes and costs are out of control. You do nothing
Yes if Feinstein was in touch she'd see homeless outside shopping malls begging and sleeping under freeways  Out of touch in Her state
"the loss of health care for the working poor will be most intense in Republican districts"
Mitch is one of many without a conscience; winning is everything & lying is part of the rich-game; bill doesn't effect HIM. #MEANOLDTURTLE
That is a #BigotedStatement. What's wrong with 13 (R) men writing it. They aren't Communist, Van Jones, whose group wrote part of the ACA.
13 man that were paid by the insurance and pharma companies !!!!'p
My message to you & other Dems is PARTICIPATE N YHE PROCESS. Your silence speaks volumes!
Much of the money will be blocked granted. Calif. is in total control of leftist Democrats. What I hear is you don't trust Ca leadership
Both the bill and the process are completely unacceptable #Trumpcare #ACHA #healthcare @GOPSenate
Does anyone give a damn what UNINFORMED liberals think. Remember they still think Obama care is working
Tommy Douglas was a white man.
Written by 13 men owned by Mercer & Koch who are backing every decision to dismantle the government!
Where is all the money Phillip Morris gave CA to cover smokers healthcare. Gone and used on NON MEDICAL spending.
Medicare will go up for those who need it. Sounds like means testing to me. Those who need it will get more assistance.
You pushed & supported the AHCA. It is collapsing & U were warned that it would. Why in the world should we trust your judgment?
And what was the PATRIOT ACT?
Sorry ladies, but you'd better go back to making my martini and let the boys decide if you really "need" that mammogram. #MAGA
"Nothing in all the world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and conscientious stupidity." Dr.MLK. 13 behind closed doors & n secret?
They don't care...they get their tax break.
They should have to use this w/out subsidies from their employers (my tax $) for a full year before being allowed to pass this obscene bill!
Has the @SenateGOP forgotten women can vote?   All women regardless of party or views on the bill should be outraged by the process.

So what, at least they read it. Like you didn't do with Obamacare, Grow up
No deplorables & dispicable.
If Schumer came up with this, you would be all for it.
Why Senator, are you willing to leave us hanging w/the disaster you forced on us last time than doing anything to keep that from happening?
What are you doing about it?
Wealthcare, not healthcare. #weRrealpatriots
@NancyPelosi said u had to pass it to see what's in it
Ya, it's such a disgusting old boys club.
Please propose amendment subjecting Congress to TrumpCare.  No exceptions.
They @GOP doesn't care about Americans they just want to do the opposite of whatever Pres Obama did. That is their grand plan.
Let me take opportunity to point out that your lack of action on water resulted in over 3 trillion gallons of water being wasted in 2017.
THANK YOU.
The ACA was written in secret, what is the difference?
Md Mitch thinks this is the only way he can get something passed.
Support great SF Bay Area journalism!
This Republican "Stealthcare Bill" has been done in the only way they can make this pathetic transfer of wealth from the poor to the rich!
how many of those 13 men will get huge tax cuts if it passes?
better than nutty Pelosi and mad cow diseases Warren.
Obamacare. Passed at midnight, on a holiday, without republicans. Reprehensible! Oh yeah it crashed and burned
You have a very short memory, Senator. Thinking people will never forget and never forgive that ACA wasn't READ!
13 men and the Insurance companies' lobbyists
Public enemy number 1 - McConnell
I agree! I'm afraid Trump & his bully boys will push it through. They want to check it off agenda so they can do the big tax cut for rich!
Totally agree
Thank you for sticking up for us
We must expose them for who they are. SecVA budget will do the same to 225k disabled veterans!
We taxpayers insist the 13 men and families who created Trumpcare cancel present med insurance Taxpayers pay for and have only Trumpcare.
Did those 13 get PUTIN $$$ for funding, they r a Disgrace to American's
All dicks!
Why are people so against taxes if they help fund programs that we could never fund otherwise? Yes, oversight, accountability, so find a way
Just watched a 2005 movie FAITH OF OUR FATHERS. JOHN MCCAIN and the rest REAL HEROES. JOHN Country need  you stand for right and good again.
#HellerVoteNo #Flipitblue.IMPEACH TRUMP NOW. PENCE AND RYAN ARE GUILTY TOO.KILL DEATHCARE BILL.
These men are evil. I cannot believe how they think they work for themselves, rather than all citizens. #greed
And I hear that the word 'women' is not in it anywhere. What does that tell you?
It's a Tax Cut 4 the 1% Corps&InsCos! Zero Healthcare in it!
How many wrote Obamacare before it was passed by one party?
Bill was written by ONE heartless person.
When they go low,,, they reealy go low...
Hey Kentucky - I'll bet you never realized that your @SenMajLdr didn't want you to survive any illness?
#HellerVoteNo
Yes it is! Unbelievable! Is this still AMERICA??
But 5 of them identify as women, so don't discriminate.
The bill never mentions the word "woman!"
Because they are a heartless bunch of screws.
If Dems are nt "extinct" b4 they win another race, then u can decide, until then #stopthelies #nosolutionsonlyobstruction #nomessagenoseats
Maybe. But RIP Rep Insurance Plan is still crap. #HellerVoteNo
Youre better thn tht @MarkTully20. No need for "anyone" to "RIP" over a difference of opnion. #nosolutionsonlyobstruction #nomessagenoseats
Takes s of bil of  now allocated to care 4 the working poor, women, children & elderly; gives it to rich s in the form of a  tax break
Democratic Senators have to Knock on doors of those republicans sitting on the fence and get that No vote!!
I do not see us ever in charge again so how do I get used to the cruelty that is about to now and forever affect everyone???
We have to be. Please don't give up.
Vote right, not "Right"
Nothing but greed


Hunger Games in United States of America
Obamacare is disaster
