Tell us specifically what it is that makes it harder for African Americans, Latinos, students and low-income Americans to vote? Registering?
"Voter ID" laws promoted by GOP politicians that are deliberately designed to impose a cost for voting upon those groups.
One example of how "Voter ID" laws have been deliberately designed to suppress votes by Latinx voters & by students: Texas' law.
Gun permit => valid "voter ID".
UT student ID => not valid "voter ID".
Gun permit holders: More likely to be white & to be older.
UT students: More likely to be Latinx, to be younger, & obviously to be students.
GOP politicians behind Texas' "vote ID" law knew that older white Texans are more likely to vote for them than younger Latinx Texans are.
So they designed a bill explicitly to impose a cost on a large number of Latinx Texans for voting - the cost of getting a new ID.
Prove it!  How by requiring Identification?  The low income folks are required to have ID's to receive social services, bank accounts, drive
Why assume all 'low income' receive social services?
and not everybody drives.
But everyone is required to have ID under federal law as mandated in the Patriot Act.
Really, give example. Rent car, cash check, etc you need ID.
Add that to get an education, healthcare, and breach out of poverty. Thanks #GOP and #Conservative caring people )add hint of sarcasm here)
Making elections more valid & accountable is a minimal responsible thing to do. The adverse effects are minimal. Stop lying!
False. My wife is 100% latino, whatever that means, and has never had one single issue voting.
This is due to the fact she is an American!  Never have spoken to an american in my 40 years of voting that found it difficult to vote.
how?they all have welfare ids.why cant they afford basic id u need for everything else in http://life.you  are a race baiter
Yes  gerrymander districts what we have happened is they count Prisoners, then know they  no they can't vote so the R wins every time in LA.
In other words people without IDs can vote multiple times for The Democratic gravy train......no ID, no vote.....
No Dianne, letting these people get away with apparent voter fraud, THAT, is indefensible!
This is very important Maybe Democrats can run on Auto voter-registration Geramandering polling fair Elections
BULL Hockey
Does that mean you'll be getting less votes?  Great Idea...bring it on!
Voter ID  stop catering to illegal immigrants. Discount ID cost for poor. No id's for illegal
Total BS. All you need to vote is to be a LEGAL citizen, sign up and show up. You're responsibility as a LEGAL citizen.
You DO NOT represent my views!
PERIOD!
What about the millions of illegals who vote for democrats such as yourself?
You talk like African, Latino, students and poor are helpless and not able to take care of themselves.  THEY ARE NOT!
Fake fake fake
Respectfully non citizens in this  country should not b allowed to vote.  If want to b part of America register. Do not insult these grps
Vote by phone.
???
RIGHT THOSE GUYS CAN'T DRIVE OR RIDE ON AIRPLANES EITHER POOR PEOPLE.
Thank kobach and his backers the Koch s for that
Resist!
If you can't provide a solution quit your bitching !!! Voting is very simple... register, provide ID, vote !!!
Social services help ppl get ID's. Yep, taxpayers are already paying for this service.
why is it so hard to do anything, in regard to being accountable???
Complete lie! 1 phone call in each state is all it takes to get registration started. It's as simple as going to the grocery store to vote
#RestoreTheVote 
#TheResistance 
#Indivisible 
#ACLU 
#MALDEF
That's a lie & you know it!
Voter suppression it has never stopped!
What country is this again? Dictatorship here NO. Like the old days before mine they escorted such people out of their town. Why not US
You are so misguidedit is comical.
Lady, everyone can get an ID. Stop your pandering. It's very disingenuous . #Phony
What do you know about low income Americans
How so?
Yeah, it's just impossible to walk into the DMV, give them $29, a copy of your gas bill & a pay stub & leave with an official Cali ID.
Illegal
It's time to organize Some churches organize bus trips to the polls   what did they say about gun license is good idea hmm .
Reason why they all should look closely and stop supporting certain businesses, even if it hurts! Stand up against some things!
they don't care. they can't be shamed. what are we going to do about it?
It's also inaccurate.
That's an indefensible lie.
In what way?
This is a bullshit argument and everybody understands that, including you.
It is.But it's 'cause these populations largely vote for Democrats. Part of the whole done2 maintain GOP control (Gerrym, pacs, propaganda).
Then get off your asses n make it easier to obtain valid ID to maintain election integrity n help your constituents. You hv thepower to help
@SunnyBlondie How??
It would be if it were true.
But it's false.
You actually make it harder so you can say it's harder.
Reference the reports and data. Support your claim.
Don't leave out dead people.
Those you mentioned are the votes you get, lol Dems are corrupt evil people.
That should say "some states" Never California.
Gab what her face is a Russian bot don't este your time it's worth more than her learn to block
#PovertyPimp all @TheDemocrats subjugate minorities & impoverished with nothing but lies & false hope #DementedDems #DTS 
 this is total  by saying this you insult all minorities they don't drive? fly? Enjoy a night out in bar? have passports? 
Please push through legislation for national same-day registration or automatic at 18 and end this interminable situation once and for all.
God forbid that the average American has to provide a picture ID to verify citizenship. THAT'S SO RACIST!!!
Well do something about it and this Russian news outlet taking over the US Sinclair! We are more Russian than American
How fucking hard is it to get an I.D to vote? Stop protecting the ILLEGAL ALIENS & ILLEGAL VOTING! Ur mad cause ur base is ILLEGAL VOTERS.
Vote Blue and protect our voting rights.
Yeah Sen Feinstein, just what exactly has been done that makes it harder for "African Americans, Latinos, & Low Income people ", 2 vote ? ?
Prove it!! #LegalCitizens
Dems have made it harder for African Americans, Latinos,low income Amercns to prosper.That's indefensible! #RestoreProsperity
Diane, what a ridiculous statement. The USA is the easiest place in the world to vote. Most CHOOSE not too (see voter turnout stats).
Exactly how have they made it hard? Ridiculous! Find out where you vote based on where you live. Never seen sign saying this ethn group cant
If by "harder" you mean "difficult" then I ask: prove this. Requiring valid ID is reasonable. Assistance with language is available.
You mean ILLEGAL ALIENS. You are a LIAR and shouldn't be permitted to represent pigeon feces.
Your tweet is fallacious and you know it! Everyone has access to voting and ID. Even DEAD Dems can vote, so stop it!
Notice to @SenFeinstein, the #RaceCard failed in 2016, your party isn't raising any money, please keep playing it! We love #winning!

Should be as hard to vote as it is to get a bank loan.
Not true.
That's a bunch of DEM BS lies. You'd like to have more non-citizens vote is the real reason.
This is a lie The States R trying 2 keep UR illegal aliens from illegally voting & keeping corrupt people like you from continued insanity 
Get rid of the racist bigot sitting on our Oval Office.
How are you going to fix that so it doesn't continue your in Congress Democratic don't talk?  do something!
Explain how. All that's being asked is to prove they are who they say and are registered to vote.
I dont understand how these groups will be discriminated against?  Isnt it RACIST to imply they are not capable of REGISTERING? #RacistDems
#Unconstitutional #15thAmendment
Seriously? This is stupidest shit I've read all day.
The great democracy in the world is embracing a dictatorial philosophy. How can America lead while engaging into suppression of its people?
I'm disgusted
How are they doing that? Explain
People need and http://I.D.to  vote
You are crazy
Pure and simple , be a citizen ,show id and vote
How? Took me 2 minutes to register to vote online. Did it in my pj's. What's the problem?
"But the illegals!..." heard that very line as I was waiting in the drs. office yesterday. The guy was serious. 
Ughhhhhhh!! >:c
You have no idea
I'm low income and have voted in every election. That's just an excuse they don't vote because they don't care.
We should have a national law that once you turn eighteen you register to vote at the post office. (Like select service). Enough of this BS.
Why are they so scared of allowing all Americans the right to vote? We need to end gerrymandering and discriminatory voter registration.
States have made it difficult for AMERICANS to vote! That is indefensible!
Please explain. @SenateGOP @SenateDems All bluster and no facts? Easy enough to register to vote. So what is the issue? I.D.?
That is a lie and you know it. Typical liberal scare tactic
That's the only way GOP can win is to CHEAT
you're a liar! you think black people aren't smart enough to get a simple picture id. and you're a huge racist hiding dem election fraud!!!
No they have not! Stop lying! If you aren't smart enough to get an ID you aren't smart enough to vote!
My parents are from S. America. They had no problem becoming citizens or proving it. I am calling BS on you.
What is "indefensible" is liberals & DNC conspiring to promote voter fraud in order to get elected or stay in power. USA=Nation of Laws
Maybe in the 20th century, but these "hardship" excuses do not fly in the 21st. The Disabled are not complaining, not did you mention them.
Earth to Fienstein
that is why the minority party always wins ....GERRYMANDERING
They manage to show ID to get food stamps why not to vote?
No they haven't STOP being a fear monger
If our voting rights are revised then what happens to our democratic lives?
THE GOP is making all these requirements. The GOP should be paying to bring everybody up to date.
It should be illegal and it should be an obstruction of the law
But who the fuck is gonna pick the fruit Diane?
BS
Well then, fix it.
Sen Feinstein, what is Congress doing to ensure a fair election in 2018? #VoterSuppression
Will we ever again have a free election we can feel confident is fair? I think not, not after this.
Why? Trump deporting good people? To do with voting? Gerry?
Why do they fear POC Voting it's the only way Republicans win by suppressing minority Voters they are illegitimate winners REALLY
Not states ..but non-caring, self-involved republicans
Damn liars Democrats are. Convicts (African Americans & Latinos cause to Democrats you are), DACA and illegals should not vote. Damn liars.
Trump family using taxpayers $$ at Trump hotel~making money off the presidency  on CNN now...listening to former WH lawyer Richard Painter R
How did they do that?  Ask them to show an ID?
Which states? All 50 or are there particular states doing this?
How can you say that you are sick
You and the Dems have a lot to be worried about, Senator Feinstein.  What is indefensible is your obstructionism and resistance. #MAGA
How? By showing proof you're not an illegal or a cheating Demorat trying to vote more than once?
Republican states!
Yes we know Please tell us the plan. America could use some positive energy right about now.
Support voter ID.
Ummm What? Put the crack pipe down and step away
More race baiting!  Way to excite the crazies and continue the Democratic line.
Only because @TheDemocrats have social programs that keep them as SLAVES on the inner city plantations. Enslaved by false lies.
False lies and promises keep you voted in while your constituents suffer. #RestoreTheVOTE
Pretty easy if you are a citizen
This is what u get 4 letting gop take over the country and states!!!!
How?
You want the illegals to vote,stop lying! If people wanted to vote they can
More lies from the swamp woman
wow...you just won't let this issue alone!  You have absolutely NO EVIDENCE to support what you say.  Isn't your term up soon?  I hope so...
THAT should be against the law but trump would break it anyway with no consequences 4 him & he knows it.
How is it harder?
More lies from the Den of Liars.. Require photo ID to vote like France, Canada, England, on & on...
Republicans cheat to win. Gerrymandering, then legislation to make it hard to vote. Scum
Now they will go after millennial's and Democrats WATCH 
Such a lie!!
And the votes from all Americans are very important and we have every right to vote are voiced need to count in our country
Really??? You are so full of it!
Climb into your golden carriage and fade into the sunset!
You are so out of touch with socal!
So many comments against you Feinstein... I love it.... But why won't you get on @SenKamalaHarris like this too. She is as bad.
Your stand Sen, is "indefensible" for Americans. Besides being a load of b.s. What a crock!
It's criminal. Non-recognition of citizenship makes those citizens exempt from paying taxes.
Why is that so Sen? Because they're asked for Identification? Ridiculous. A necessary safeguard to our democracy as it should be. #Calinuts
Maybe there could be a California voting card included with CA ID or driver's license? Also need to delete Electoral College system.
That's a lie!
Yeah fix the voter fraud from the corruption of the politicians! You, boxer, brown, Newsom Maxine ruin Ca.
Don't be ridiculous Sen Feinstein.  We have to show I.D. when : using a credit card,  boarding an airplane, cash a check.. Protect the vote.
How? Pretentious statements but no facts.
You say states.  You don't say anything about CA. The state you are supposed to represent
Your party made it harder.
Glad you feel that minority's aren't smart enough to properly vote.
Maybe you should push education instead of welfare.
#fakenews #propaganda #BigPileOfFreshBS
It's only hard if they make it hard Diane. For Pete's sake, that's indefensible!
It's old history. Used 2B a poll payment to vote. Now it's difficult to vote in one form or another. Nothing changed despite court ruling.
Evidence?
So you're saying that those ethnic groups are not good enough to get IDs? Face it, your state relies on illegals to fill your votes.
Plenty of them voted for Trump with no problem (except for Soro's machines)
Harder but not impossible.  Dems must get out the vote to get out the GOP.
Some states need @ACLU to litigate for their citizens' rights.  @SCOTUS made huge mistake 5 years ago.  Time to fix it.
B S !
Really?  How?  All they need is a government issued ID card.  What's the problem?
what is so hard about showing identifcation? They have to have it to cash a check, fly.
Lol I'm a 33 year old man and I just got asked for my id to by scratchers..
It needs to be IMPOSSIBLE for non-US Citizens to vote. Not like CA where Dem Gov Brown made it easy for them to register to vote at the DMV
