...and Contraceptives help woman's health how again?
Birth control pills also help endometriosis pcos and low estrogen levels needed for girls to develop properly & some migraines in women
There are also several other options that work as well....per your own Google article presented.
Yes but not all work for all women we should have all medical options available to us right If our Dr recommends it or says only option left
You should PAY for it yourself. Wine is good for the heart, No one is mandating or providing it to us.
Then men should pay for viagra
They do, if they want it.
It is covered in health plans as it should be because it has immense benefits for psychological & relationship health
At least you didn't say people are going to die. Are you sure you are a democrat?
Thank you, Sen Feinstein. Trump seems to want all women reduced to incubators.
Not insulting, not implying anything.In fact, women are smart enough to know that if Viagra is covered then our birth control should be too
Also, there are many reasons women need birth control pills, not just for contraception.
I hope this is true but have not seen it anywhere else. Where did you read this?
They are trying to make it so insurance dont have to cover it.  We pay our premiums and deductibles and co insurance so why not cover it
Then WOMEN and younger men shouldn't have to pay for viagra. Its too expensive, buy your own.
Why do women have to pay for men who can't keep it in their pants? If they can't stop screwing around they can buy their own, Why do women have to pay for their promiscuity?
Why do women have to buy the condoms? Why must the women pay tons of money for safe sex and hormone control, while men gets to have their fun subsidized by the government?
Wow. How about women take care of their own health. No one is forcing them to have sex, anyway. Why should I pay for their contraceptives?
what takes us backwards is having a centrist Corp Dem Senator like you in office. Not for long thankfully.  @David4SenateCA
Should we as people be forced to pay for other peoples sexual preferences?
We have been forced to pay for all of your bankruptcies
How? You might be confused with the last Administration putting us in $20 trillion in debt
Nope. No confusion here. When you declare bankruptcy you screw people out of goods and services that they provided to you in good faith.
Don't force others to pay for your lifestyle!
So in other words you're in big pharma's camp trying to peddle products into women's bodies? Sad.
I just can't believe the country is going backwards Senator. 45 is a disaster
Doesn't it strike u as a little bizarre that an at will employer w/an at will employee is forced 2 cover anything let alone be forced by u?
This so called employer has to pay for viagra. And if the woman gets pregnant then the employer is paying to let the woman take time off
Why does any so called employer have 2 pay 4 viagra or people to have kids?  Part of having kids is being responsible for them...paying 2.
Shows utter disregard for humanity and contempt by @POTUS for whatever is the right thing to do
Oh yes (Russia) we want to (Russia) protect the religious (Russia) rights (Russia) of (Russia) employers (Russia, Russia, Russia).
trump has taken us back to the 1950s just as his supporters wanted. White males in charge. Women r 2bd class citizens. Again.
Thank you for your comments and your Service Diane
What boggles my mind more than anything is that women support this.  I am so sorry for all woman. Progress is clearly rolling back.
what do you need it for?  Isn’t it a little late?
Yet women still have to pay to subsidize boner pills for men!
I don’t even need but fear for my Daughters 
Being sexually active  should never cost tax payers a single penny.
It's $10 at walmart & as a US taxpayer I'm sick of paying for it for other ppl. Have you returned your #Weinsten donation yet?
I'm sick of paying for 45 to golf!
Lol, he works 18 hour days. BC can be purchased at local Walmart for $10
MORON MORON MORON MORON #MuellerIsComing
So intelligent, Senate Intel Committee found NOTHING. Mueller investigation is a costly hoax. All links come back to Dems & donors. Ex. FB.
BS! It’s about men wanting to control women.  Keep your hands off of women’s bodies
it shows respect for religious beliefs and employers rights to determine what benefits to offer employees. Let them go to @PPFA or buy them!
Wow David, what about respecting women? Oh yeah women have no rights in the Trumpf world
Respect is different than rights. You have no respect for anyone who believes different from you - that's disrespect:-(
Sure I respect for those who have different beliefs. It doesn’t mean I can’t fight for what I believe in.
We should roll back Viagra/Cialis coverage.
Not covered under insurance either way.
Yes it is
No it's not
I was talking about Viagra....
What's wrong with practicing abstinence? Besides have you seen the statistics on the side affects of BC
Sometimes married people want to have sex without making a baby they don't want or can't afford.
Get real if you can't afford BC get rid of your smart phone or maybe you can't afford to be married
The rate of unintended preg in US started falling when the Obama admin rolled back funding for abstinence-only education in 2009.
But it's still the highest in the developed world, especially among poor women of colour, who have a 10% chance of an unintended preg /year.
Availability of effective, long-lasting methods, with no co-pay, reduces that rate significantly. Remove any piece of that and rate goes up.
Unintended preg -> high maternal and infant mortality rates, less healthy babies, more poverty, and a host of other social ills.
So, get off the moral high horse about other people's sex lives and do what actually works to make US better: help poor women delay motherhd
No coverage rolled back. It’s available!

#Breaking: #Trump Administration Reverses #Obama Era’s Unconstitutional Control Of #ReligiousFreedom & #BirthControl http://dailysignal.com/2017/10/06/trump-administration-reverses-obama-era-policies-on-religious-freedom/ …
Nobody has a 'RIGHT' to BC. Like iPhones, the pill is a man-made device that you MUST pay for. Get your tubes tied or practice rythm method!
If people can afford to buy their own toilet paper & shoe laces, they can pay for their own "No Mommy" pills &"No Daddy" propylaptics!
No it doesn't, it stands up for an essential right that our country was founded on, Religious freedom.
Women needs to stick together a forego sex with men then they will act right or kill us all out of frustration.
Women can still get contraceptives if they want just go get it. Employers should not be held responsible we are not communists. #MAGA
You all had no right to violate anyone's religious beliefs & thank God President Trump follows constitutional law. #MAGA #DrainTheSwamp
Haaaaaaaaaaa
Bullshit lying liberal
It shows hatred for women. When will you call it by its name? Misogyny plain and simple. Hate by any other name is still hate.
Time to separate health coverage from employment. It's crazy to have them connected in the first place.
You need Birth Control “Sis?”LOL I got another Rah Rah I’m a wonderful senator from U today! U never helped me when I asked U but I get Ur 
The roll back of this will defenitely retroactively degrade US health and social justice
I thought they got contraception at planned parenthood.
Yes it does.
You keep forgetting to use the word "FREE"
Poor people get free condoms and birth control Dianne. There welcome to close door for safe keeping.
@SenFeinstein stop serving kool-aid! Why spread untruths instead of providing solutions? #birthcontrol #CorruptEnablers #DrainTheSwamp
Actually, no it does not. Birth control is not a right. Individuals do not have to have sex. It's a choice.
It's religious freedom. Only will affect a very small group who can purchase own BC
This is THE GOP’s agenda Their mysogyny compels them to control the economics of American women’s lives
Senator Feinstein, why can this be done unilaterally? I really don't understand. It took so much effort to get it through
Getting so frustrated and powerless 
https://www.amazon.com/dp/B074VLMH6S 

Time to go!
Totally agree. Endangers health of women as often diseases, including cancer, caught at exams 4 BC, and more expensive in the long run.
Total BS!
And if, as you say, is medically needed, pay the co-pay like any other medication. Assuming women NEED this handout is what is offensive
You should be able to figure this out if you CHOOSE to be sexually active. We need to stop demanding everything for free, nothing is free
Trying to take women back to the dark ages! We won’t stand for it 

@GOP hypocrisy of access to #birthcontrol Dr @BillCassidy & surgeon wife have only 3 kids in 25+ yrs marriage. #WomensHealth
hypocrisy of access to #birthcontrol @SpeakerRyan & wife have only 3 kids in marriage. #WomensHealth #access
Violence against women & hypocrisy of access to #birthcontrol @RepBuddyCarter & wife have only 3 kids in 25+ yrs marriage. #WomensHealth
Just back off & leave Americans alone! Stop controlling r lives. Americans deserve better. We trusted u, we paid u! Americans were betrayed!
Let's not forget what the lives of women were like:
  http://bothpartiesarenotthesame.blogspot.com/2013/06/texas-200-years-ago-and-last-night.html …
Yes and it also shows that the donald just can't keep his hands out of a woman's private business.
But it shows they still have control over something!!
Should have done this before you were born please get out of politics maybe Calif. Will come back
Yet another reason for Universal Health Care!!
Think “hard” about this men who want to control women’s reproductive organs. #HandsOffMyBirthControl
You do not represent most women, Dianne!
No it doesnrt from ANY self respecting WOMAN of her body, realizes sacredness of being able to create life within her. Apparently not u?
#NoFunding"PlannedParenthood" Go to doctor on your own $, Fed funding is wrongful use of tax$ "Health Man or Woman"is Personal & Personal$!
Turning women into slaves to reproduce Fight back
Is pregnancy some type of disease? Spend your own damn money on birth control not my tax money.
This, coming at the anniversary of release of p-grabbing tape, is totally pukeworthy.  GET HIM OUT OF HERE.  Support impeachment.
Disregard for women. Not just our health.
Horrific
You are utterly failing us with every minute you fail to call for the removal of this president under article 25 YOU.
So if I don't want my taxes to pay for birth control or abortion, I have disregard. If I want illegals deported, I'm a racist. Wrong
And what does contraceptive have to do with womens health...NOTHING
Somehow i don't equate birth control with health
It's not an employers responsibility to keep you from getting pregnant. Condoms are $0.50, Can't afford it, keep your legs crossed.
So does it ok to discriminate due to religious beliefs!  Next will be not hiring someone Jewish or muslin by bible thumpers!!!!
And will increase abortions
It should be a lawsuit no one is rolling back viagra
REQUIREMENTS are Tyranny. You sure love forcing ppl to follow your morality by point of the #GovGun
Why should I pay?  Stationed in Vallejo 1970 my take-home pay was $104 mo. yet my young wife and I found a way to pay out of pocket for BC.
What did you expect from American ass hole out for number one

Pay for it yourself; democrats always want free stuff
Thats BS...abortion shows utter disregard for the unborn and human life.
Trump’s disdain for women hides behind his pandering of the religious right.
What are you going to do about it ?
It DOES indeed.

Dems expected something more/better from the GOP?
Time for women to control the congress
Buy the medication!  Stop with the government hand outs!
contraceptives are not expensive.
Take him to court, Diane. Sue them.

  That’s fantastic
#NoPillsNoPunani
Thanks for your support..we need to make Congress look like our population.lil more women then men
Women need to stop  having sex until the men vote for Democrats !
Not if you want them barefoot and pregnant
No it doesn't. Why do you liberals always think it's a woman's place to shelter men from their equal responsibility?
I think any person in Congress that has 3 children, should not be allowed to vote to end coverage for birth control, because they used it.
»»» $9 at WalMart! ««« Stop your nonsense! 
#HandsOffMyBC
It's not going away tax payers shouldn't have to pay for it
They don't. Insurance should, though, because that's what insurance is for: health care needs as assessed by a doctor.
$9!!!!! ???? That sends us spiralling backwards???? RETIRE!
Nonsense!  Liberal left shows utter disregard for women’s health!  #RetireNowFeinsyein
No, not at all, in any way.  Your mechanical droning of the talking points shows utter disregard for intellectual honesty.
#HandsOffMyMoney #HandsOffMyGuns
Run for president
Abortion shows utter disregard for human life. Try harder gun grabber.
Without #BirthControl few #women would have graduated college or higher education. You would literally have to be a saint. #NoCopay4BC

Please stand up and fight this Senator!! I support your efforts!
It’s been a long time since you needed birth control but women can pick it up at Walgreens now
Women need to elect women 2018!
It reminds me of handmaid's tale and stepford wives.
Damn straight it does and I am getting tired of it.

No it doesn't but go ahead and run with that
Stuffing women with chemicals to make their sex sterile is not health.
You mean women who don't believe in government hand outs?
Once the government decides to give you something, there is no taking it back. BUY YOUR OWN BIRTH CONTROL
This has NOTHING to do with disregard for women's health.  Good grief!
We shouldn't have2pay for birth control.Thats a personal issue.PPL should pay for own BC. No one paid for our parents BC except themselves..
I agree
Wow, there sure are a lot of misogynistic assholes posting on this tweet. Big shock.
Give it a rest Dianne, you might have sold your soul for $38 million. But you are not selling mine.
Trump is ill. Mentally. Do something.
#NoMoreBarefootAndPregnant
Only if you thought like this with guns. #ProtectOurGuns get your filthy hands out of our gun cases! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #2ADefenders
Everything Trump Doe Is Taking Us Back, Why Isn't He Impeached Yet
This roll back came from a misoginist who has declared war on women. We will fight and win!
You may want to promote families take on burial insurance for wives and daughters given the disregard for our health
Republicans believe "Life begins at conception and ENDS at birth." How sick is that??
Sorry I don't want to pay for your fun!
On the other hand why do all policies have2include contraception? Why not have choices? If it would cost less why get a benefit I won't use?
In my day allot less then today. Not sure u realize that I oppose getting rid of BC as a covered benefit.
that is truly annoying... its right up there with the religious right trying to correct healthcare choices.
Dude! Why should WE have to pay for Viagra? I don't have a d*ck & I don't pay for yours to get hard. But there's no *opt out option 4that
lol  I totally agree and since I don't have a dick I think penile implants should not be covered either.
Right.  Start impeachment proceeding on Monday... you have my permission
Senator please help us with this!
And the women who can least afford to be pregnant are left with with what option? @SpeakerRyan Such arrogance! Men deciding for women!! 
What do you think of your buddy #HarveyWeinstein
I thought PP handed out free contraceptives as do other free women's clinics. Cut the crap, no one is banning BC, be financially responsible
Entitlement Generation!
Are they denying condoms and Viagra? It leads to unsafe behavior . Back to leaving women holding the bag for unwanted pregnancies. Resist.
Condoms were never covered by insurance
No it is not, it can be acquired at county hospitals for free
Why shouldn't a woman's health insurance that she pays into cover her medical needs as prescribed by her doctor?
Can a Jehovah's Witness employer stipulate that even if bleeding will cause death, their employees can not have blood transfusions covered?
Your husbands company could pay for contraceptives for every woman for decades.  Wait.. a lib would never volunteer their own money. Sorry
Disregard. Disrespect. Disdain. Deplorable.
Disregard for women, period.
Can Scientologist employers refuse to cover psych services and meds for any of their employees?
If that's your true opinion on this matter, you're misguided and forgetting responsibility. Don't want to pay for other's sexual encounters.
Birth control isn't healthy for women.
My asthma medication $120 a month, why not mandate that be free, or my spouse’s hypertension med. Equal treatment, NOT special treatment!
#WeThePeople must RESIST Trump, .@VP @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @GOP Congress' ASSAULT on our lives! Time 2 march on Capitol! #HandsOffMyBC
Assault on our lives? Srsly?! It's BC! My God! You're the reason women voted for #TRUMP. We don't enjoy the hyperbolic BS.
Next up, dinner on the table at six every night. Hey dear how was your day (handing him his martini).
So how many complainers work for a Catholic or other Christian employer who will actually be impacted by this? Not many!
If you don't like it here, go to Mexico
Paying for people to have sex, thank you for that bill....money out of my pocket
Republican women don't give a shit.
Wow, misogyny in the name of politics. We R women take care of ourselves, have our own jobs, and buy our own effing BC.
Nice mask you hide behind. Do u think 45 should pay for his golf outings
Sanity eludes you. Why in TF is Govt. responsible for any American woman's sexual choices?  Go get a real job. Or better yet. Retire and expire.
I can pay for my own BC thank you very much. It's called being an independent woman, not relying on any man or govt. Try it sometime.
Having health insurance is being an independent woman. Having it cover my medical needs is a reasonable expectation.
Come on Diane. Really? People can't handle this on their own in 2017? Are women really the inept now?
#HandsOffMyBC but go ahead and give me it free.....
what, are contraceptives going to magically disappear from the market??
You are a #fraud @SenFeinstein and will be out of your office soon enough, #retire with the rest of the #swamp. #corruptpolitician #Swamprat
Telling us we have no say in someone birth control is fine.Making us pay for it shows utter disregard for tax payers #HandsOffMyWallet
Not to mention with the rolling back of healthcare general and the ban of abortions, a lot of children born as a result will be without care
Who banned abortions?  That's something else you can pay for yourself as well as cosmetic surgery, dental care & eye care
With a majority in the house, red is looking to ban abortions, and it's highly likely that they will.
And also you can get insurance on dental and eye care, like I currently have.
Abortions past the first trimester (which is what they're most interested in banning) are legally done on dangerous pregnancies 1/
Which could cause the mother to die, or when the baby stands no chance of living when it's born. For ex: a birth defect causing baby to 2/
Not have a brain. Which means the baby will die, 100% will die, shortly after birth. There is no need to make someone suffer that way.
Furthermore abortion is illegal in Mississippi, and I doubt that's the only state. So yeah, they're ALREADY banned in some places.
Cause GOP and T do have utter contempt for women!!
No its shows respect for religious liberty but when you believe evil everything seems to be against you
WITH RYAN'S AGGRESSIVE TAX CODE REFORM THE POLITICIANS WILL MAKE MORE MONEY AND THE WORKING PEOPLE WILL FIND A FEW PENNIES MORE IN THEIR PAY
Way to go. Show your fangs and let's stop this mess
We should roll back your big pharma payments too.
every time I see you I feel like throwing up you never seen a tragedy you didn't like to exploit.
No it shows that you pay your own way. Are you familiar with this term? Like don't steal from taxpayers and give it to illegal immigrants?
Welcome to the United States of America. Please set your clocks back 50 years
Not just "women's health" just women in all ways shapes forms and potentials!
#BanViagra
You dont need it and it real cheap why I have to pay for it ...
45 strikes at women again.He should have his Viagra rolled back
Sex is not health
Viagra is about health?
Truth
Why?
Ma’am it’s just to bad that they might have to pay for their own contraceptives
