How long must we be subjected to this homegrown terror taking away our healthcare.  Every week, it's just constantly terrorizing us! SICK
One of the problems is that Trump's hate for Obama makes it a personal necessity to revoke anything significant Obama has achieved.
and your party's health care plan is?? don't say Obamacare, and for the thousand time what health care plan do you have? Obamacare?  not
.@SenSchumer #CensureMcConnell for shameful suborning votes as party loyalty oath. Uphold Senate tradition of open lawmaking for public good
Why don't we just throw the weak, infirm, and otherwise undesireables into a pit while we're at it? I suggest starting with Mitch McConnell.
Senator, Medicaid as we know it is bloated with graft, theft, and waste. It, like the VA, must be audited by the people.
And don't forget WOMEN!!!  Defunding Planned Parenthood is the HEIGHT OF MYSOGENY!  HOW DARE THEY TRY TO MAKE WOMEN INTO LIVESTOCK!
This Congress is a shame to our country this people our so cold hearted they should worry about the people not there pockets!!!!
By gutting you mean decreasing the rate of expansion, right?
hey, let's not ruin her eloquent way of towing the party line with facts now...
Plus, it's the perfect starter single payer system. With @VP 's HIP 2.0, I have better care than folks w/ private insurance or Medicare.
screw the elderly, you included. Kill all american citizens at age 50! #socializedmedicine #killpoliticians #anarchy #revolt #newregime
Republicans have always destroyed anything that benefits the middle class and lower, USA cannot have not CEO things because of f GOP
News flash; Republicans do not work for American Citizens
It doesn't cut it, it rolls it back over time and CBO can't account for medical and technical advancements
Cruel Darwinism!
Not now on medicaid, but as disabled single mother who takes care of elderly father as well, I know how desperately important healthcare is.
Thanks for continuing to fight FOR your constituents!
You lied to us, raised our taxes, borrowed 2 trillion, wrecked healthcare, & you didn't even read the bill that you slammed down our throat!
Stop breaking the law by excluding yourself from #Obamacare!
Stand Against GOP Attempts to End Medicaid Expansion
Yep but screw those of us who have to pay for it and can no longer afford it...we see right through you!
@SenCoryGardner, you there? Please act like a Senator, and communicate with your constiuents! @CardboardCoryCO #TuesdayThoughts #Sessions
This is true but the question will be is there enough Republicans that care enough for their voters to buck up against Trump & his bullys!!
Why do so many people need Medicaid coverage?
Hello sir how are you? I want to take a advice from you plz?
since when is spending over 700B on something "gutting" it??
They are contemplating the unconscionable,hurting the most vulnerable .  to give tax cuts to rich . ACA helped both my grown children.
Can't comprehend how they think the American people will accept losing their health care without a fight.  Hold the line!
But it will make Businesses Happy. There will be more without any Medical Care. But that is what the Senate WANT.
Only a hack like Dinosaur Dianne would call a budget increase of $146 billion to Medicaid *gutting*. Time to go into a comfy care facility.
Do they need a simple majority or 60 votes?
Not NOW. Only 51% is needed now. In reality it will take 50% and the Vice President will VOTE. A sad system.
They are going to do it unless you stop them now today put your bodies on the line
It doesn't cut Medicaid. It increases it 20% over the next 10 years. Stop lying
I agree with the honorable Senator Feinstein. #Heartless
To @SenRonJohnson who has good healthcare, please Vote NO to proceed on #Wealthcare
This is scary! I have a special needs . We rely on medi-cal!
Then you should be happy that the plan calls for a $146 billion INCREASE to Medicaid. Don't buy Dinosaur Dianne's phony scare tactics.
I agree with the honorable Senator Feinstein. #Heartless
To @lisamurkowski who has good healthcare, please Vote NO to proceed on #Wealthcare
Two words, Bernie Sanders
"Skinny" so politicians can claim a victory while Americans DIE? It is all about POTUS greed & tax cuts for wealthy @GOP stand up, vote NO
I think it's stopping it going to people that don't qualify for it. Obama did that.
I agree with the honorable Senator Feinstein. #Heartless
To @SenatorCollins who has good healthcare please Vote NO on #HealthcareBill today
Neither is Single payer for Dianne lol
I agree with the honorable Senator Feinstein. #Healthcare non-starter
To @RonPaul, who has good healthcare please Vote NO today #BCRA #ACHA
Saving ACA also means #NoLifetimeCaps #NoExclusions #EssentialBenefits The self-employed depend on ACA for our insurance 

#SaveACA
Why do you keep lying about gutting Medicaid? Tell the truth it just slows the growth
And my senator is McCain ... who will vote to strip millions of others' health care. While he is receiving treatment for his glio.
@GOP doesn't care, they think those are "weak" people who won't vote against them, so they vote for the rich who will keep them in power.
Why are U and your Cadillac butt Klan exempt from O'care? Hint: Because you all know it sucks!
I agree with the honorable Senator Feinstein. 
To @SenJohnMcCain who has good healthcare please Vote NO on today's #healthcare 
Even IF this does not pass, families who make $40-50K, and FT students STILL cannot afford insurance, and they do not qualify for Medicaid.
You also say healthcare for all is a non-starter. So children + the elderly get healthcare but when those people are in between, SCREW THEM!
I agree with the honorable Senator Feinstein. Gutting Medicaid is a non-starter. 
To my @SenatorIsakson Vote NO on today's #healthcare 
History with no legacy is no history at all...
it's not good because he lied about it. 2500 less for families, keep your doctor, keep your plan. All lies.
Please don't support Trumpcare(what an oxymoron that is!!I know U won't. Give 'em hell Dianne!
Please do everything you can to protect healthcare for all.
Nobody is talking about ending Medicaid except you & your leftwing lunatics. How's that #PEDOGATE investigation coming along? Protecting it!
God bless you for your efforts
I agree with the honorable Senator Feinstein. Gutting Medicaid is a non-starter. 
To my @sendavidperdue Vote NO on today's #healthcare 
no it wouldnt but, keep lying
As a cancer doctor I know how many lives Obamacare has saved. On the other hand TRUMPCARE WILL KILL PEOPLE!
BRAVO SIERRA!
