Gets government out of insurance business creates competition drives cost down


California is already the highest taxed state. And it's all because of expensive democrat programs that don't work.
Well, how do we keep this from happening? And why do they keep bringing this back up again? Trying to catch us by surprise?
Call your senator and say no. Encourage people in states with Republican senators to call and say no to this latest repeal bill.
She is my senator. :)
Call anyway but more important to call ppl you know in red states to call their reps...every day from now until the vote.
SO WHY DOES  EVERYTHING NEED TO BE SUITED FOR CALIFORNIA. YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW HOW TO RUN THIS COUNTRY, DEMOCRATS
California is already hurting in more ways than that.  Get a clue!  Adios to all obstructionists in 2018 and 2020.
SINGEL PAYER NOW???! SB562???
Do you want a crying towel? It's all about money for you isn't it?
Better take those Billions then hand them over to you ppl! You can't manage your own check book ! U need others to do it for u,total waste
@senchuckschumer @SenGillibrand It will be the death of health care/ppl in NY and all blue states too! #TheResistance #Medicaid #ACA
"The greatest weakness of the democracies is ECONOMIC FEAR"..Albert Einstein
What disproportionately hurts Calif is number of illegals U harbor.  Hurts your HC, social services, Gov grants and Y?  Dems trade 4 votes
And for some reason Im ok with that.
But you know what would help California and save money? Single payer.
so how and who DOES it help?
It helps the insurers, and it helps the GOP with their clueless base who don't think it will effect them.
 Illustration of a Liberal buying into the Conservative stereotype fed to them by Dem Leaders. Come on, think for yourself. #instablock
Just need to follow the money.  It's not hard to figure out.
Tell the truth. Tell people exactly who it would hurt AND who it would help. You won't because you know it would be good for middle class.
Maybe California Politicians should learn how much money they have in their checkbook. Your at a negative $443 Billion.
If only there were an alternative, a program with 80% voter support.  oh wait...#Medicare4All
Apparently your buddy, @SenJohnMcCain, is on board with skinny repeal bill.
Soot the madness!
The state that doesn't follow our federal laws.  Maybe you should start obeying the laws of this land.  Bye Bye California
Not only CA. Looks like Bullseye on Blue states.
What does it matter. CA wants to be its own entity.They boast abt how different they are. Now they are concerned abt lack of funds? Whatever
Dianne w/two n's, has personally filed 400 lawsuits against the President.  All 2 protect illegals.  Did she ever work this hard 4 citizens?
California is hurting itself. A sanctuary state! We the land of nuts, and TG bathrooms! In other words a laughingstock.
Awwwww...
maybe that is their intention
And people.  That kind of stuff.
...and penalize pre-existing conditions. And reinstate lifetime payment caps.  And disproportionately raises rates on women, children, etc.
Convenient way to summarize this. Almost makes me skeptical. In fact, it does. Of you.
Graham-Cassidy is massive reallocation of tax dollars from Cal & other blue states to red states. Enough is enough! Californian tax revolt?
Take funding from blue states and give it to red states as incentive for their vote. . In what sick world are we living in now?
You voted for the obsolete ACA... now you don't want to even try to fix it.... horrible!
 I think that was the intent.
Why aren't you supporting #MedicareForAll then? The time is now. @OurRevolution  @SenSanders @NancyPelosi @SenWarren @SenKamalaHarris
Your brain disproportionately hurts California You're Done!!!  Stick a fork in it!!
@Indivisible_F
why don't we pass it to find out what's in it, like nancy says
It dispropotionately hurts Dem states across the board call to stop Graham-Cassidy bill 
202 224 3121 #TrumpLies #GOPlies
How??
Here's what's in it
Then I'm for it. Flush this state.
Well what is your plan you do  not
California liberals have left nothing unhurt bin CA. What a shame.
I hope Trump takes your local, state and property tax exemptions. The rest of us are all subsiding you left wingers
New York as well
Why don't u come with a bill to make the healthcare we have better. It's not perfect. Work with both sides
Fix ACA: fund more subsidies, navigators & enrollment outreach, cut excess Pharma profits. Add public option. Monitor quality.
Let Hollywood pay
Vote no.
Stop blowing 1.4+billion annually on just welfare for illegals in LA alone. Might not fret losing Fed money.
Must be a good bill

Trump’s latest Dept. Of Justice nominee was at key meeting with Comey and Sessions http://bit.ly/2w07zve  
Please try to stop this madness! @LindseyGrahamSC , what the hell are you thinking?
California should be 5 states
Republicans are still out there w their ish - trying to do the most harm and $ from it - we see you 
Yes. It even hurts Louisiana, Cassidy's home state. #CassidyGraham #Louisiana
We would fund all hose red states with our tax dollars, yeah idts
No facts, just a statement. Nice one.
California spends like a drunken sailor waste so many billions of dollars there needs to be an earning system no budget for California
Obviously Graham-Cassidy would hurt everyone, but I'd like to know where your support for #MedicareForAll is.
Quality, accessible, affordable universal healthcare for all, including &  is the goal. Single Payer is not magic
Do not gut ACA before magic wand single payer apparition rides in on a unicorn. Kill Hyde Amendment first
That's because California maintains its high lifestyle on the dime of other states taxpayers. Time to pay for the way you live
California receives about $0.78 in federal funding for every $1 it pays in federal taxes.

Cut out the blatant nonsense.
And tell your Senators & Rep to work to #SaveTheACA & #SaveMedicaid, to prevent the mass death of Americans.
Keep fighting for us! Thank you!
Get a job....
And gut care for pre existing conditions like I have. I will not go back to my county coverage which was worse!
How much do CA taxpayers subsidize the rest of the country with exactly? Your small state GOP colleagues would do well to bear that in mind.
California won't let it happen.  Karma is coming around.
If Republicans wrote it, u know it's going to sux. They really hate California. #GOPlyingTraitors
Says you the person that in it for themself. Who stopped representing the people and got rich. You can't be trusted anymore.
California hurt itself Ma'am, see what money does to some people?
ACA saves the lives of >3000 Californians per year.

Tell your Senators & Rep to #SaveTheACA & #SaveMedicaid, to prevent mass death.
The ACA repeal Graham+Cassidy want would kill 39,000 people/year US-wide; thousands of them in CA.

So, again: Tell Congress to #SaveTheACA.
.@SenFeinstein - maybe it's time for some hard choices?
Reminder: Illegal immigrant families received nearly $1.3B in Los Angeles County welfare money during 2015 & 2016.  http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/08/03/la-made-1-3b-in-illegal-immigrant-welfare-payouts-in-just-2-years.amp.html …
So does Illegal Immigration....but that never stopped you from supporting THAT
 Watch this hack folks, the keyword here is "disproportionately". What a crock! #politicalcrap
That's their fascist goal - to punish blue states
