@SenateDems well they should
- but sanctuary cities with killers running lose ok ... go figure
We California's agree!
@NRDC_AF Thanks, Senator, for shining light on how bad Scott Pruitt would be to head EPA.
Go #scottpruitt Make America Warm Again! It is getting to cold up north! #anthropogenicglobalwarmingisahoax
@SenateDems Thank you, stay strong! No to Pruitt! And no to ridiculous one sentence bill eliminating EPA. We need the EPA!!!
No its not, its wonderful, big govt. butt out of our lives.
California's fuel economy standards are ridiculous, fanciful, damage businesses and export jobs from the state. #ScottPruitt
Pruitt would be disastrous for the USA and world.  bring Heitkamp and Manchin on board for a NO.
Cali's leadership has itself bankrupt with business fleeing, infrastructure crumbling, and citizenry over regulated and taxed.
California is not the leader in anything. High taxes crappy middle jobs and arrogance.
Thank you for standing up for the environment. I am a constituent and support a delay in the vote until his emails are read.
@larryelder @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump Cause our economy means so much 2 U. We've been broke 4 decades & 49 in ED.
Good for him CARB has been out of control for years.  Crazy Corruptifornia just wants to be the tail wagging the dog.
Thank you for standing for CA values @SenFeinstein. The whole world is watching.
he doesn't plan on holding up the other 49 states either!
totally agree
Fight against him Senator!
how about working on our bridges and dams first!
Vote No and No vote on Pruitt until emails are released. This is how he will run @EPA.  @SenateGOP @SenateDems
What's more important, W A T E R..... #OrovilleDam
keep pushing what is the most basic human need, oxygen.  No to Pruitt
Tried to leave a msg on your office voicemail - NO on Scott Pruitt for EPA  head! 
He's as dirty as the companies EPA stops
You mean your way or the highway?  How sanctimonious.
Thx for standing against Pruitt. His emails should come before voting. Repubs rushing is suspect. I care about environmnt & CC
CA's Fuel economy standards are outrageous and out of control. Quit screwing over your constituents.
@SenateDems 49-50 I hope you get 1 more R to flip.
FOIA request doc dump forthcoming. Vote must be delayed on Pollutin Pruitt
is washed up and guilty of self enrichment. #TERMLIMITS
I strongly agree. He should not be confirmed! Throw him out!
thank you for standing up to the utter crap coming from POTUS.
It's also unacceptable that firearms bans don't apply to California senators, but that's won 28 - 8 in July '16. Outrage?
Pruitt is a handmaiden for the oil & gas industry (the Koch bros.) Will NEVER support alternative fuels or >gas standards
NO to PRUITT.  Coal industry was regulated because it caused illness and death. Look at China. Air unbreathable. #realnews
please vote NO on Pruitt. Thanks
NO PRUITT NO PRUITT NO PRUITT - PROVEN 2 B DISHONEST. ILLEGAL FOIA< WITHOLDINGT PUBLIC RECORDS<OIL&GAS $$$ #RESIST
I imagine his states rights position will change once in EPA & he'll fight against CA's strict emissions standards
why should gov't set fuel economy standards? Why not consumers, competition, and the #freemarket ?
Please convince some  Republican Senator to not vote for Pruitt. You can  do it!
@SenateDems Scott Pruitt is unacceptable
@SenateDems 

News flash... Dems changed the rules for confirmations...

She can't stop them, none of them...

Lol
That horrifies me, but it's low on my list of Pruitt worries: EPAlawsuits, death penalty botch, publicrecordscandal #fracking
@SenateDems Please do all you can to keep him from being confirmed. The man is extremely dangerous.
@SenateDems no it's not
@SenateDems hey bad hair die lady - go rot in a home
you have already ruined the state... why the fuck not at this point?
in the name of equality maybe another State should be the leader for a turn.
Thank you Senator Dianne Feinstein! You are a beacon of integrity in this matter, and more.
@SenateDems too bad he will be confirmed
Plus he must take responsibility for the botched killing of an inmate when he was A.G.,also in collaboration with Oil/Gas comp
I hope ur all stalling on this one until those 3000 emails r produced to the OK judge.
@SenateDems What is his district? Plz tell me it's the pretend GOP bastion in San Diego.
If it is this North Island veteran can and will break his back.
California has the most wealthy Global Elites and lots of rich people. State sucks all 50 states tax payers dry! Marxist loons
Yes it is. Stop these proceedings immedately please Senator.
of course it was a woman judge...how come it's always women who get things done?  
I read that you're fundraising for another run. DF please don't! Let some other kids play in the sandbox for Christ's sake!
Please ask that vote be delayed!
Rediculous for auto manufacturer's to fight standards that are a selling point to new buyers.
LOL!!
Pls.don't vote, wait for
all the emails to be rec'd tue.2/21/17. Make sure to tell all others at the senate as well. Thank u.
@KamalaHarris  Please delay the vote until the Senate can review his e-mails. They will be released Tuesday. #holdthevote
Please announce TODAY you are not supporting Pruitt.
Down with Pruitt.  Please don't hand him our planet.
Did you really ask Obama to reclassify S Calif land so you could bld hotels & restrict public access 2 this land? Wow! #MAGA
The entire Trump cabinet is just incredibly frightening :( but dismantling EPA&everything we've worked sohardfor isdevastating
Thank you senator feinstein!
thank you
but all the idiot republicans will vote yay #resist #notmypresident
