Automatic weapons are illegal, but individuals are still able to purchase bump stocks to allow semi-automatic weapons to fire up to 800 rounds per minute—the rate of automatic weapons—and inflict maximum carnage.
I’m looking at ways to proceed with legislation to ban bump fire stocks and close this ridiculous loophole for good. Doing nothing in the wake of this tragedy is not an option.
I wish a mental assessment form could be implemented where a potential gun buyer would need to be mentally cleared to purchase a gun.
When every emotion is listed as a mental disorder? Hah. See through you like the hot air you are.
Every emotion listed as a mental disorder??? Again, what are u even talking about? Doctors are well versed in distinguishing the diff.
Mental disorders named in the DSM-5 include "General Anxiety Disorder" That's only part of it. But the DSM is the bible for Psychologists
Ur referring to a book? It’s not a bible that psychologists use to determine mental illnesses. R u referring to ICD-10 diagnosis codes?
https://www.psychiatry.org/psychiatrists/practice/dsm …
I’m still not following your point, but you’re obviously passionate about it and I can respect that
One can use psychiatric definitions to determine who can defend themselves; politicizing it over science which psychology is not.
I think we need to have a consensus that being mentally cleared to by a gun is safest for all of us. Politics aside!
Data doesn't bear out your conclusions. Guns make women equally able to protect themselves without need of men. Anti-gun is anti-woman.
Dude lol, what are u even talking about?? Being mentally stable to buy firearms is for both men and women. What ‘data’ are u talking about?
FBI statistics on gun ownership vs crime leves per cities AND The UK has 3 Times the Murder rate with NO legal guns.
Again, what does this have to do with completing a mental exam?
Who gets to determine who is sane enough to defend themselves? When you look at the DSM-5 there is serious danger of politicizing it.
Dear Senator of mine, former mayor of mine: I believe you have been suggesting this for decades. Is the other side inhuman?
Gun control is not the answer - go after online vendors who sell kits & youtube who allows instructional videos how 2 alter guns
That's like saying an entire organization is responsible for something but let's go after one miniscule person.
You can't regulate evil.... this guy also had materials for bombs in his car...
Yes I completely agree! Can we start by not spewing your venomous poison towards our president and his supporters? #stopthepropaganda
Simple, take guns from criminals and be physic and arrest all the ones about to snap
I have an idea....lets get rid of zealots like yourself.
But will they if they've been bought by the NRA?
Nope....
If our babies getting shot doesn't move their greed nothing will.
how about when you convict someone of a gun crime you don't release them the next week
Why have you not done so already?
https://youtu.be/U7DTjSla-O8   These are now SOLD OUT on the internet. God (or whoever) help us now!
Why don't you explain just how congress can prevent these tragedies. I know what you have in mind. Take away all guns.
blood test before giving anti depress drug cost $60 - $80
how bout look at blood test markers before prescribing anti depressant drugs. All mass idiots were on anti depress w/bld mrk
Maybe there needs to be a limit as to the number of guns one is allowed to bring into a high rise hotel, or any public place????????? huh
Stop that silencer bill. SHARE ACT.  In committee.  Coming to the floor.  Stupid Crazy NRA Bill.
You don’t need to examine anything.  Retrict access to assault rifles.  Universal background checks for all purchases.  No guns for domestic violence perpetrators. No guns for the mentally ill.
It's not the norm, otherwise it wouldn't be in the headlines this week
Hehe, get on it
If there was a national registry for gun owners, and limit no more than 2 guns/person, once you reach 2 guns, would not be able to buy more.
Please, talk about this.  Americans want gun legislation.  People can own guns, let's just make sure they registered them nationally.
No one can predict whe the next normal or stable person will decide to shoot people, so best solution is to limit number of guns one can buy
If there was a national registry for gun owners, and limit no more than 2 guns/person, once you reach 2 guns, would not be able to buy more.
No one needs to have a semiautomatic rifle/gun. No one needs more than 2 guns, one hand gun and or one rifle. People are stocking up why?
No one can predict whe the next normal or stable person will decide to shoot people, so best solution is to limit number of guns one can buy
Would it gall you to know the LV shooter broke several laws? He DID. A bump stock ban won't stop a law breaker. A law against law breaking?
federal #banassaultweapons #gunbuyback strict licensing laws, universal background checks--lockdowns too commonplace in USA
I support all that you do. Please remember that the largest mass murder was perpetrated against the Native Americans. They still suffer.
MENTAL HEALTH MUST BE ADDRESSED. IT'S REAGAN'S FAULT TO BEGIN WITH BACK IN THE 80'S. WHEN WILL U SEE THAT'S ITS A HEALTH ISSUE, NOTHING MORE
Absolutely no access to auto guns.
No you dont....just words...
Didn't you say that the last time? And the time before that? And the one before that? @SenFeinstein YOU are part of Congress. Do something!
Perhaps making a PAC "contribution" a crime, because we all know they are real bribes Congress takes from special interests!
Do you need examiner glasses or is it your glass house?
perhaps since gun control is not working we control the ammunition.
Yes and this CA resident demands gun control at the state and federal levels. Thank you for seeing the forest from white male terrorism.
Gun control legislation now.
If I lose my life from someone else's liberty, in the pursuit of happiness then what is the Constitution for?#EndGunViolence #EnoughIsEnough
Actually the largest mass shooting in America was at Wounded Knee perpetuated by government.
You cannot prevent tragedies like these. It's impossible.
No we to have better understanding of millionaires who go on shooting sprees from high windows, and the liberals should shut up about it@2AM
Congress has failed the American people for decades. Thanks for your contribution.
Examining is exhausted! Act. Ban guns totally. Japan, G Britain do. No gun killing there!
They won't do anything. People's lives don't actually matter in the USA. Money is more important. Sad fact.
Like something will really be done by congress. This is the most disfunctional group of people ever in the history of our country.
Time to ban crime.
They will not. Until they stop accepting money from the NRA
You can't fix evil
I have three letters for Congress 

NRA
Nice thought, but that won't happen until the Democrats take over Washington and even then the fear of backkash may prevent it. ..
We don’t need examinations we need a ban on assault weapons for starters! Easy Peary
How bout letting God back as the guiding force. We are in a moral decline thanks to gutless politicians.
What do you think of the 2nd shooter?
As you have to change magazines
Where do you get your stats from a cereal box, or YouTube vlog? A real m16 cycle rate is 700-900 rpm and bump stock is far less like 400...
Oh. Half the ridiculous speed. Sure the fish in a barrel will be so much happier at only half the chance of death or injury.
Prevention is stopping the anti Trump rhetoric inciting divide by Dems .. inciting nuts like in the Saclise shooting and this guy in Vegas
Because there was no hateful divisive rhetoric before from Repubs, like, oh, D.Trump's birther lies? Or all his personal attacks since?
Write more laws.  That always makes you liberals feel good. And accomplishes nothing.  How about you stop spreading hate??
You've been in Congress a very long time. Make it happen.  We're waiting.
Not possible! Nothing government can do. The only solution is for people to stop being evil. You are part of the problem so give us a break!
Why nothing the gov can do? Other govs have (Australia).
No comparison.  Sorry, but I just don't agree that there's anything our government can do to prevent crazy, random acts like these.
Get rid of obama and his cronies
Congress will instead wrap itself in the 2nd Amendment and say it's the price of freedom.   Just collateral damage.
They are still in office even after those poor kids were slautered in CT.
I'm not sure if they have the moral authority to even comment about what is happening.
Senator, its a shame that some public officials allow themselves to be induced by the NRA.
The time is now for stricter gun control laws.
For 8 years the tragedies in the inner city murders happen daily, WHERE have you been on this? How about the drug problem. Disgraceful
Well as I understand it this guy was a Democrat in fact all mass shootings have been Dems so let's pass laws against Dems
Let's see - how about finding the truth and what really happened and putting the criminals in jail?
Gee, what do have in mind? Disarm America? People, crazy people are the problem not firearms.
Why not you your in Congress Senator Pass legislation against gun violence Yet another failed promise.  Can't wait to get u out of office.
What is your suggestion Mrs Frankenstein, oh let outlaw them all together like Chicago has so we will be as safe .
We must not lose focus on the real issue. Trump calling for the firing of NFL players that kneel for the national anthem.
One way isn’t taking guns away from law abiding people. Hasn’t worked in Chicago won’t work anywhere.
According to the FBI, more people are killed with fists and hammers, than are killed by rifles.
The killing must stop!!! This is a real carnage!!!!
Nice job politicizing a tragedy.
Fund the CDC!!!
Try Jesus. He is the only solution we need. U can’t legislate people’s hearts.
Yes, but still within bounds of Constitution.
Why do I get a sense of Deja Vu in reading this?
Too much sike.
Get rid of machine guns!
Talk to Australian prime minister!
This is said after EVERY shooting....but those in the pocket of NRA do NOTHING or block others attempts, $ over people
@CarrieSweet2017 but first they need to study ways to say no to NRA. Bribes.
Yes they need to remove you from office. How do you still have a job? It baffles the mind.
Lets please start talking about mental health too. We have a serious lack of care AND facilities! Must do both!
Let's make guns illegal because it works for drugs too!
Don't you think a plan of action should come from actual experts? Not people with armed security that feel the are above the American people? Oh BTW our constitutional rights are not up for debate.
You are ignorant and know nothing about guns. I doubt you've ever fired one.
All the rules on the books didn't stop him, neither would that
We all said this after Columbine, Sandy Hook and Pulse. Let's get in gear, be specific, and take action.
You first, disarm your bodyguards, then you can talk about disarming Americans.
get rid of #45
Stop raising entitled little turds & put common sense back in schools & dump the tests that prepare no one for anything!
2017 US death causes - Abortion (824,814), Obesity (231,882), Suicide (32,307), Drug Abuse (18,887), guns (8,681), TWD (4,524)! Get A Grip
Oh, Come on Senators, that's cheap as Trump throwing papertowels to victims. You ARE WORST CONGRESS IN HISTORY- GET TRUMP/TEA OUT!
Wake Up America.  Examine root cause.  It's still not the gun.  It's still the person, environment, culture, our FELLOW man behind the gun.
"In the wake of the deadliest mass shooting"... which replaces last years' deadliest... knee-jerk reaction is the same.  Wake up America.
Because you politicians are so good at predicting the future ?
Like what safe zone ... give me a brake
I wish, but do you really think that Congress will actually think about Americans or the NRA?
For those who don't know what a bump stock is:
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=_U6tORrODJE …
Should have taken place after columbine
What are YOUR suggestions Senator?
Get rid of guns. We don't need them
Stop examining ways, get busy and write a law or something!
Again. Yes like the last 6 times.
You politicians can’t  do a thing about random violence by crazy people. Don’t try.
Start with stoping weapons of mass destruction from being legal
congress won't help the american people
frankly Senator we have 2 stop being nice about this...need acts of passive resistance/rudeness...reason/discussion/debate have not worked
I don't mean to be cynical but if shooting up a classroom of 6 yr olds does'n provide adequate motivation I doubt that the LV rampage will.
Yeah, they SHOULD BUT DON'T BET ON IT!!!
Should've would've could've...lol
But they won’t!
Maybe we should just ban the left from have guns since they are the ones killing everyone
BUT WILL YOU
- Focus on mental health
And that would have stopped these converted semiautomatic rifles how?
What's your plan to reduce mass shootings? @SenFeinstein
Don't worry, they're busily cutting mental health care and rolling back bans on mentally ill people getting guns.
THEY'VE GOT THIS.
Does anyone else feel our country is more "mentally ill" than it was 50 years ago? Does anyone know WHY?
Wounded Knee Massacre was the deadliest shooting in US history. And yes, more gun control NOW. Thank you for your work on this, Senator
Talk to the Las Vegas sherif, he seems to be a very wise, calm man.
We are with you Senator. Make it happen!
It's already illegal to murder scores of strangers. What further law(s) do you sugggest to preempt such future horror?

Senator Feinstein, Thank you for making sure California gun laws are strict. Hope Nevada and other states tighten their laws.
Faker
Remember "gun control doesn't work!!"..except in Canada, Japan, England, Spain Australia, Sweden, Iceland, Italy, Israel, Denmark, Germany..
Move there
You would like to "examine" ways? No more examining. We need a proposal to ban these weapons.
GUN CONTROL. TAKE AWAY OUR GUNS. IT'S 2017. CIVILIANS SHOULD NOT HAVE UNFETTERED ACCESS TO GUNS. PERIOD
What do you plan to do??
I agree. I am a REP in Las Vegas, More Gun Controls and Gun Vetting is needed
Would you like everyone to turn in there guns
I will respectfully ask that you do not erase our culture's history.Over 130 Pomo were killed in The Bloody Island murders in the mid 1800's
Not to mention the many other mass murders thought out US history. Native American lives matter
Can you please name it 

White Domestic Terrorist Act.

It should awaken the Xenophobic Racist Bigots
Hey, you’re there year after year. Do it!
They can’t
More laws won't prevent evil Evil people don't care about laws. That lunatic broke numerous laws. What new laws would have prevented this?
Congress can't even figure out how to show up for work. How do you expect them to solve anything
Yeah, and Ryan wants focus on mental health reform. No mention of common sense gun laws.
Short of POLICE STATE ACTIONS AND TACTICS nothing would have worked, it's not Minority Report where we can stop someone before the crime
you are not as smart as the founding fathers:  retire
How about you guys FINALLY #DoSomething 
What have u done to protect people like Kate in your sanctuary cities
Yeah, ban all democrats from purchasing firearms, it's always your kind that do these shootings.
My zip code is 94582. You are my senator. I want gun laws! Please do something.
Pass it in California let's see what it looks like with your problems better take a look at Chicago first
How about stopping the murder of defenseless unborn humans first.  #abortionismurderyouhypocrites
With all due respect, we've had since Unruh (1949) to examine how best to prevent these tragedies. We need action, we need it now.
don't just talk it this time. it must be done. across the country. #GunControlNow
Also get psychiatrist . Because mental illness includes psychopaths ,narcissist . Other mental illness individuals are disorganized
You’re a Congressional leader. You should be speaking out EVERY SINGLE DAY, until something is done! Start NOW
It's called put a real gun control law in place and not a watered down version.  If it's full of holes dont pass it
Wounded Knee was the deadliest mass shooting. Please stop with the hyperbole, we are there for gun control when it isn’t the most/worst/best
Do it stop with thoughts and prayers do something
How about requiring insurance on each gun? The insurance industry would do what our legislators have not - require gun safety measures.
Read the book by Michael Kimmel called Angry White Men. Helps people to understand but not condone
We’ve had enough examining, at least since 1978.  We need “well regulated” NOW.  We need universal healthcare NOW.
Like you did when you controlled both houses and the presidency. Time to go.
Swimboy -why the hardon for DiFi? She got laws passed in 1994 that outlawed these weapons and they let it expire.
I say re-pass in 2009-2011 supermajority; btw love the shame shame!
She can't do it on her own. There are Dems running scared of NRA too.
Hey! How about bringing back the assault weapon ban? 

#GunControlNow
Ban assault weapons, increase punishment significantly for having assault weapons, increase control over guns significantly.  #GunControlNow
Why don't you get educated on guns before you open your mouth
There is no law you can pass that would have stopped this
I have zero faith in Congress doing anything as usual.  It’s totally disgraceful.
I really don't believe that most care,, Sen Feinstein.
How about mental health checks that can tell if someone is a democrat before they are sold a gun.  That would stop almost all gun crimes.
It's called #GunContolNow Civilized countries can do it.
This has been proven false
You can deny all you want......it's a fact.
Stop letting illegal guns being sold at gun shows
Stop selling to radical Libs....ex  Tennesse Church, Senator Baseball practice, Vegas
Stop trying to create division. Any ban on guns should spread across to all people, not just some people.
