California could pass single payer right now, and Democrats are the party that killed it. Please fight for medicare for all in your state.
First things first...
This makes no sense, ACHA only happening because ACA was wildly inadequate to control costs and expand coverage. Democrats need to have a
policy response, and they need to acknowledge the short-fallings of the ACA. It was a bill for the insurance companies not citizens.
Check out this 700% stock price increase for Aetna since 2009.
But most importantly it's literally in the party platform and they have a super majority and could pass it if they wanted to, and didn't.
I am absolutely in favor Single Payer. Not so much state by state. Cost issues arose from some states opting out & GOP enabling ins gouging
Right but California is the 6th largest economy in the world and has a tax base larger than many other countries that manage to do.
How much money are we wasting on a train to nowhere again?
And keep paying for all their needs and in 5 years you'll have 15 million. Now whose fault is that ..?
what's it like wanting innocent kids to suffer because they were born poor?
What's it like saying it's our fault women popped out kids they cannot afford creating a burden on every child in amer how compassionate
Rewarding mediocrity creates more mediocrity. Mediocrity votes for those who accommodate mediocrity. It's not even complicated.
i don't totally disagree with you but taking medicaid away isn't necessarily going to stop people from having children they can't afford
A common misconception perpetuated by dishonest politicians like @SenFeinstein. There are no cuts to Medicaid ... period. The cuts are 1/2
to growth because demand growth is far in excess of funding. We need a parent here to say the current trajectory is unsustainable. 2/2
Well how about you grow a pair, jump up and down, set ur hair on fire AND FIGHT!  Stop pussyfooting around!!!!
I don't think so Dianne but you keep posting your LIES
MSM won't report GOP ups Medicaid $71b. It wld undermine story that Rs hurt ppl. MSM reports cut from Ocare. Why not report both numbers?
Wrong.The funding mentioned by Fleicher reflects slashing ACA Medicaid funds  by $700 billion in10 year span & into the trillions thereafter
You know what was wrong
1) the 9th and 4th Circuit Court decision 
2) Trump colluding with Russia it's actually Hillary
3) Ossoff would win
Same as Trump - deflecting from your own factual error by changing the topic at hand with more wrong info. Bye!
I'm not Deflecting at all 
I'm saying you and Dianne are so full of  your eyes are Brown 
How many times do you need to be proven wrong 
Why the hell are 1/2 all kid & 1 out of 3 adults in our state on Medicaid?!?  That's outrageous!!!!!
And CA Dems of your ilk said the same thing instead of passing it in CA. You and all the rest of the Democrats need to go. #demexit
Networks Ignore Loretta Lynch Story in Favor of More Trump-Russia Coverage what do you say about this
CA once again demanding the 50% take care of their illegal imm population & their women who pop out kids they cannot afford
Thank you for standing up for CA kids #KeepKidsCovered #ProtectMedicaid #ProKidCA
Same tired liberal tag line. It's as old as you! This is why your party is losing!

All talk; No solutions!
Which one?
Deport illegals. Then the number will go way down. Difficult to feel badly. US Children are suffering due to illegal pop burden on system.
Give me a break!  50% of ALL babies born in CA last year were on Medi-cal! STOP using children as a ploy for ur agenda! NO anchor babies!!!
Please call this bill TrumpCare; make sure he owns it
Lies lies lies. Feinstein. Still waiting for ideas instead of resistance.
Ppl need to wake up. http://www.veritaslive.com/06-26-2017/americanpravdacnn.html …
GOP has a misconstrued set of values that really isn't surprising. That seems to be their primary concern, price cuts for billionaires.
What did the democrats do that is so different? They are all beholden to their big money donors
So it's fine w/you 4 ppl to lose Medicaid, that you think this Senate #trumpcare is just fine. We'll see when some1 in ur family needs help
Did I say any of those things? ACA and Trumps version can't both be bad? Bc they are
How many of them are illegal aliens or anchor babies? Endangering your child can be illegal, sneaking in to the US via coyote is endangering
Maybe if California stopped taxing their citizens into poverty they would have money for health care.. How many are Illegal Aliens?
Because those children according to his advisors can "get a job" or show "personal responsibility" #shameful #NoTrumpCare #UnTrumpUs
If a child loses coverage, is hit by a car, parents will take him to ER. Any savings will quickly go to the 1st surgical costs
Soon the family will have to borrow money pay child's continuing medical expenses. One parent will pick up a second job but
Even with a second job, 2nd mortgage, selling off family heirlooms, the family will still be unable to pay off 1st and 2nd
Yes on SB562 Single Payer Medicare For All
How can anyone believe you at this point all you people are liars!
And @KellyannePolls says they should all go out and get jobs so they can get healthcare insurance.
What's a matter CA can't afford Medicaid for children?
Until phased out the government is still going to pay the bulk of Medicaid the states will pay the rest
What a scare tactic. Kind of like using children as human Shields.
That's simply not true.
Doesn't that make you furious enough to do whatever it takes to shut down the Senate??  We need #Healthcare not insurance scams.
That scare tactic is not only a lie, it is counterproductive for The People!!  Get working on making the bill better instead of resistance!
Hey did you hear about #SB562 #SinglePayer bill in California?
Tabled until they figure out funding
Did you see @rendon63rd got from Industry??
Why ppl think Trump or the GOP care about us regular ppl is beyond me they have no clue what it’s like no clue
Why the rest of you think the Dems care about you is equally boggling. They are the same. All about that   
It shouldn't be given the dignity and respect of being called healthcare legislation. A vote on it shouldn't be permitted to happen. Please.
Help our Ansel in CA.  Best wishes and keep fighting for our families 
Maybe there's some way we could convince them that they're republican children?
Be responsible- if u have kids
#ICYMI
If this passes, I will, at the very least, be homeless. Probably dead. I did not ask for cancer. It was genetic. Why am I being sacrificed?
The parents of those5 million kids better go out and find a job with healthcare. Problem solved!
Dianne have you learned about Single Payer Healthcare Yet?  Please wake up Dianne. You promised to speak with Bernie Sanders (not Saunders)
Why in the world is 5 million children on Medicaid in California?! The state needs to adopt policies to get them out of poverty!
taking away their healthcare is pretty counterproductive to getting them and their families out of poverty
I agree. But something hasn't been working for that many to be on medicaid. Their representatives should look for solutions.
Work on solutions and win/win legislation, instead of fear tactics or blaming rich people!
I'm not a billionaire & my taxes were cut.
Unbelievable!
If one person dies due to lack of HC insurance, the republiCONz are complicit in their murder. They are conspiring to murder right now!
Here you go again you tried to scare us tried to intimidate us now you're going to lie to us
not their kiddies
You know better! Reconciliation handcuffs how you write legislation! Apply CBO error ratio to this bill and see what you get! PASS THE BILL
Dear God @SenFeinstein get Trump Out of there before Truth has No Meaning!! #NoACHA #TrumpRussia
Heartsick and furious.
I DON'T THINK IT'S ALL THE RICH IN THIS FIASCO; IT'S THOSE PULLING THE STRINGS ;NO MATTER WHAT LOGIC YOU USE THEY ARGUE TO SEE IT  THEIR WAY
Somebody's gotta donate to those legal defense funds
#FalseNarrative
"Health insurance" NOT "healthcare"
My child is one of those chilfdren
Bs
Really, @SenFeinstein.. this bill states it will kick off kids from healthcare? Ur a piece of work. How's this party message workin out 4 ya
Our most vulnerable are under attack.  What has happened to Justice and Liberty for All?  Did miss the parenthetical (only if rich?)
Yep. That was the exact quote.
This is who they are- they have shown by their "repeal/replace ACA instead of fixing it, that they care about GREED not us, Sen Feinstein
You gonna tell that to all those children on Medicaid? Maybe we can abolish compulsory education so they can go back to cleaning chimneys
Perhaps if we Dems had not sat on our hands while the nation was gerrymandered away, it would be different.
Indeed!
