(2/4) Tom Price supports repealing the Affordable Care Act, privatizing Medicare and slashing Medicaid funding—policies I strongly oppose.
(3/4) I’m troubled by Tom Price’s apparent conflicts of interest & potential STOCK Act violation. We deserve a better option to lead HHS.
(4/4) Our country needs a Health and Human Services Secretary who will strengthen health care programs Americans rely on, not undercut them.
Prior to OBAMA Care , my copays were reasonable. When OBAMA care started . Copays Sky Rocketed! From 5 to 30
$30? Seriously? That's an actual complaint? We have employer Ins, have to meet deductible b4 even get a co-pay.
that my avg presc
Oh, I see. Can't you find a plan with better Rx coverage?
It is my company plan . It was 5 to 6 before OC
.@SenFeinstein Thank you for opposing Tom Price. Every consumer of healthcare should fear his leadership. We are SO proud of your stance!
@LilyUsman @SenFeinstein shame on you!!!!!
thank you! Price is a sad pick for HHS. We need to keep fighting!
Thank you Dianne! 
thanks for trying.
I wish you would put the American people first, not the the millions here illegally!!!!!!
you have helped make California a mess. Thank you for your consistency.
thank you.
Thanks. This helps to repair your record for voting 100% with Trump. Looking forward to COMPLETE refusal to vote his way.
thank you.
@orange_parrot19 thank you Senator
Thank you Senator!
thank you, from a constituent!
Thank you!
I voted no for you. You're still here
thank you from a San Francisco constituent.
@IndivisibleCA52 Thank you again, @SenFeinstein
thank you  please keep fighting and standing up for democracy and the rights of all
thank you for voting No!
thank you, Senator Feinstein! We all appreciate you & Senator Harris.
Good.  Keep it up.
Thank you Senator!
thank you for voting no, and keep opposing those who want to reduce our standard of living. #ACA
thank you
Thank you Senator.
Thank you for opposing most of this disastrous cabinet!!
@sharondigi Please inform @Sen_JoeManchin which side he's on.
Senator Feinstein you sould retired you no longer represent the people of California, but special interest groups, the Elites.
thank you Senator Feinstein
thank you!
thank you for voting against and speaking out against unqualified candidates!  Californians need you!
Thank you!
thank you
Thank you! #ShePersisted #standindivisible
You voted NO because he's a Republican. No other reason.
I think you have and will continue to vote no on all cabinet members. Who are you kidding?
Thank you for voting no on these picks, please continue to do so!
thank you for voting no on Price!
Thank you! The ACA is an important step towards improving healthcare in America. However, I would prefer a #SinglePayer option
thank you Senator!
Thank you for voting "No".
thanks for representing us so well on this
For Price & AAPS connection
wow big surprise obstructionist get something done for America united we stand divided we fall ever heard that before
do you ever vote yes on anything?? 8 years wasted and you're still holding those country back..wake up
Thank you, @SenFeinstein
Thank you! We're watching and we appreciate what you're doing!
thank you...my family relies on parts of the ACA...please don't forget about us!
I predict you're voting NO on ALL of President Trump's cabinet picks. #MAGA 
Thank you Mrs. Feinstein.
thank you thank you thank you thank you!!!!!!
Thank you!!
Thank you!
Thank you.  From a Fellow of the American Academy of Pediatrics.
Thank you for caring so much about/for the American people ♡ You are truly appreciated
Thank you! Agree!
Thank you!
Thank you!
Thank you for standing up for us!  Your continued opposition to this nightmare administration is appreciated.
Thank you.  We need people of conscience in our government.
thank you. Thank u also for updating ur outgoing voice mail!
I will VOTE "No" when you ran.
Thank you, Sen Feinstein!
Thank you!
Thank You so much for speaking on our behalf!  
Thank you!
you people need to go period! Communists
Thank you!
no we need the obama care clause death counseling so you won't have to pay out what WE earned and was forced to pay!
thank you.  He is a TERRIBLE candidate. He would be disastrous for HHS Sec.
Thank you Sen Feinstein- a constituent
FOUR MORE YEARS! FOUR MORE YEARS! FOUR MORE YEARS! Dems are friggin clueless! Do you realize how small your audience is?
THANK YOU
thank u senator
Thank you. We have strong women in DC and your one of them!
Thank you, senator. Keep voting them down. Dig in your heels as much as you can.
good idea keep wasting our time and money with your do nothing congress let's get something done for America
lol
it's not really that funny these people make a lot of money and accomplish very little all I see is childish behavior
Thank you.
what about all the others you supported trump by voting yes on?
Thanks
good
