Medicaid is not a federal program. Stop trying to sneak single payer down our throats through your redistribution schemes.
Medicaid is a joint federal & state program, but Feds pull the strings.
No. Just bc the Feds help fund (bribe) states doesn't mean they have the responsibility for administering it.
Read the Graham-Cassidy Bill. It's pretty clear who is dictating to whom. It's Feds to States.
Simply repeal bad legislation. None of these crony and partisan gimmicks.
There is one constant in every GOP bill. Koch's agenda:
In case you forgot, here's Koch Bros agenda for an American Oligarchy & new Gilded Age on steroids (source, Bernie Sanders' website): 
For $400 million not surprising.
ACA repeal is getting serious for Republicans. The stakes are high...

https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/jun/26/koch-network-piggy-banks-closed-republicans-healthcare-tax-reform?CMP=share_btn_tw …
So what can the little guy do.
If you don't like the Koch's agenda here are Koch products to boycott.  Thanks to @EllenMorris1222 
@EllenMorris1222 in depth look and shows they are all over the WH.
1. (Thread) Ever wondered why Pence became VP? Who picked Trump's team–DeVos, McGahn, Perry, Pompeo, Pruitt?…
We have a devastating national debt which you've made so much worse in a marginal political career.  You never mention it, ever.
'Devastating' in what way exactly? The national debt = private sector savings to the penny. National debt is a national treasure.
Let's take it to $500 trillion then and raise the minimum wage to $200k a year.  Sounds great.
There is no serious proposal on the table that advocates a 2,300% increase in gov't debt. Treasury bonds aren't causing inflation. Try again
If it doesn't matter, do it.
Sad to see people so bent mad about something that holds no bearing on their lives. Government isn't a household. Nat' debt is meaningless.
True that's why we need to run it to $500 trillion and make everyone happy.
I'd say focus on:
educating youth to be productive
ensuring people are healthy
ensuring our infrastructure is aiding productivity
It's amazing you're so vocal about this issue and still isn't demanding Trump be impeached for Treason.
Family values all the way to the bank!
Thank you, Senator.
GOP doesn't care about those with greatest needs only those with greatest campaign donations.
So how are Democrats different on this one? Obama left us in more public debt than George W Bush. Hello, anybody home?
Obama had to rescue a crashed economy- Bush took a surplus & turned it into a huge debt. Nice try though.
Wrong! Pres Bush did not tell corporations to rip us off. We were fooled and that is why now we are biting at each other.
Wrong! He didn't specifically direct them, no- but he put 2 wars (incl the utterly unjustified one) on "credit", & cut taxes @ same time.
Got to pay for increased military budget somehow. You NEVER address that sacred cow. Sorry but you are on same team as republicans. Team MIC
What's indefensible is a religious test for public office.
MIC military industrial complex. Eisenhower said you would come and here you are. Ike was last real president not corporate shill.
Please vote NO senator. please!!
Why doesn't some Dem roughly calculate the person hrs of Congressional time wasted challenging OCare? Would be a great talking point!
Failure to support Medicare for all is indefensible. The premiums and deductibles charged by insurance cos. is what threatens healthcare.
If it's OBAMA THEY WILL DESTROY IT .THE RACISM RUN'S DEEP THROUGH THE HALLS OF OUR WH TO THE CAPITOL.
Right!!!
This is not over till it’s over - don’t slow down or back down - make more calls now!
Here are 10 reasons why the Graham-Cassidy #ACA repeal bill is AWFUL. RT! 
do you have AHC? For my husband & I we will be paying about 24,000+ next yr. For 2 people with very low coverage. Outrageous
not really.
Thank you for all that you are doing to expose the Republican "health care" bills ramifications for the common citizen.
Couldn't agree more. S art for people like me with pre-existing health conditions. I will not be able to afford care or my 9 diff. drugs
Don't kid ourselves. Medicaid first. Medicare next. LBJ rolling in his grave.
@sherrilee7 #ImpeachTrump
No cuts, just slows unnecessary growth.
How is offering GOP in Congress $400 M USD for "re-election" money in exchange for their defeating one bill & inserting another-not bribery?
#RunOutTheClock #SaveACA
They want to gut medicaid to give money to the super rich. When did we lose our Democracy. Why was no one watching. THIS is Nazi Kochland 
It is because it's such  quick 'n easy cash for the big fat nice tax cut they all want. No debate necessary there.
To pave the way for their puppeteers tax cuts . Disgusting.
And you're voting no. Right?
And you want to give Trump a chance. Shame on you.
#VoteNo on #GrahamCassidy !
Truth.
Please continue taking a stand.
Most affected: The Republican voting base. It's incomprehensible.
Thank you Diane! Thank you for continuing to fight the good fight over and over again! I am one proud Californian!
@iamfonda But huge raises in taxes will be given to the Rich, who have more money than they could spend in ten lifetimes! SICK
Thank you for fighting this terrible bill! #CAVoter
And how will that provide better coverage to the people on Medicaid?
We're not a Socialist society, Diane, and never will be.  Get over it or leave.
I'm worried about our spec ed students who depend on it!

#MedicareforAll
Please stop them Senator Feinstein. Do whatever it takes. They are literally deciding whether I will live or die and that's not right.
Talk about the campaign $ trail and who gets it Senator. We know the bill's a joke. Talk about why.
They hate poor people BUT poor people elected them thinking that would change.
Nor do there Outpatient Center colleagues that will only accept good health plans & Cash reason for wanting to Nix ACA (Medicaid)
What do Cassidy, Barrasso,Paul,Price have in common? They're surgeons& specialists that don't accept Medicaid that doesn't pay enough
Senator, can you give us an explanation as to why you voted for the $700 billion defense spending?
You need to come out in support of @SenSanders #Medicare4All bill. Do what's right rather than telling us what's wrong!
Medicaid is what they're after! How do you think they're going to fund the military to the tune of $700B? And don't forget their tax cuts!


#TellFour people that you know who are NOT connected to via social media to call their Senators on 202 224 3121 to stop #Trumpcare RETWEET ! 
I pray @SenJohnMcCain @lisamurkowski @SenSusanCollins vote NO. I pray for the sake of us all. Someone has to have a conscience.
Please make sure this doesn't happen. You've been working with these GOP's for years. Convince them. You know what the ppl want. NOT THIS!
Get out of the health insurance industry. Whole Lives System/progressive paneled care, elderly rationing. What's next gov. control car ins?
Medicaid otta just be the sole carrier for all public servants.
This is not getting people something this is using their own tax dollars to help their health never forget that
Thank you for what you do!
The Republicans think they are no good losers sucking everything out of the ACA???? I don't get it!

"We won't cut Medicare!" they boldly proclaim into the microphone.
*under their breath "We are TOTALLY cutting Medicare."
1.75 million vets loose care from this bill. Hey @JeffFlake and @SenJohnMcCain 40,000 in AZ they will know why http://votevets.org .
What's indefensible is making people pay for someone else's benefits.
I remember how I felt on 9/11. 
It changed the peace in my heart.I'm a smart woman but shocked that this could happen.Can our own kill us?
It is indefensible, I pray it's not inevitable.
It feels like 9/11.Our own Leaders would vote to let thousands die?9/11 changed us.This is our own Gov. AMA says it against all they support
They really sold their souls for that tax cut they promised their donors! It is really disturbing and disappointing to watch! Immoral.
So many don't see it ...we must resist..we deserve good health care
Immoral is what I would call.  Indefensible and IMMORAL.
@GOP tell us why there is even a debate about this??!! #GrahamCassidyBill (and the #GOP, I'm praying...) goin' down.
Medicaid AND pre-existing conditions
the ACA established burdensome often fraudulent entitlements, and the G-C bill phases that out over ten years. Sounds reasonable to me
And there's no "care" involved
It's funny you say your for American people yet EVERYONE in house and Senate are EXEMPT from whatever you choose to pass. #sellout
Why is federal govt even involved in ACA.  Quit coddling insurance company and let free market work!!!
Must stop this attack on health care!!  Maybe the Senate and Congress need the same health care!!
hey, those tax cuts for rich people ain't gonna pay for themselves you know...
There's 1 constant in every GOP "healthcare" bill: Take as much care away from ppl as possible so insurance cos/wealthy get massive  tax cut
I sent this to my Senators by texting RESIST to 50409. Took me 3 minutes.
No truth in a republican today, tomorrow or next year.
Well...That and tax breaks for the rich.
If you're poor, self employed, unemployed or elderly  even a minor health scare will break you.
the GOP has "plans" for the stolen Medicaid funds if we let them! They have been discussing how to pull off this theft since Nov 9th!!!
Where is your Better Idea for health care. We haven't heard or seen anything from Democratic's. But whinnying and crying
Thank you for opposing the #GrahamCassidy "health care" bill.
Vote her out...  California has the highest poverty rate in the country... over 20% of the population...  we need jobs.. not handouts!!
DT promised NOT 2 cut traditional #Medicaid that was the promise 2 #GOP base. These GOP Senators r making a lie of that promise. #tcot
@StephMillerShow #MedicareForAll

#KOCH BROS BRIBE GOP-400M to cut ACA for tax cuts
https://amp.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/jun/26/koch-network-piggy-banks-closed-republicans-healthcare-tax-reform …
Pay the man his #Koch cash. #GrahamCassidyBill
It essentially ends Medicaid & skilled nursing services at a time when the elderly pop. is about 2 double! It's economically insane.
It sets in motion a downward death spiral for Medicare 2 & will expedite deaths of at least a 1/3rd baby boomers.
Vote down this bill. But after that, it's indefensible for you not to support S.1804 #MedicareForAll! Healthcare is a human right!
Expansion to all states Something obama couldn't do. You're welcome.
Well Repubs need all the money they cut from Medicaid to pay for the private jets for cabinet and golf for Trump
if the Democrats would actually work with the Republicans and make a healthcare bill that actually works for the American public
They would be shocked to know how many middle-class families depend on Medicaid, as primary or secondary ins, for tx for special-needs kids.

Guess 1 couldn't see this coming when one confirmed Drumpf's cabinet picks, eh?
After trying100 times Y  don't GOP stop already w/ kicking Americans of health care & the Deplorable stop clapping4 something hurting them
It's a brazen attempt to CULL Americans - to kill off the sick and poor, leaving more money for the wealthiest. Crude? Why YES. @GOP
Koch brothers/Trump/GOP Hurting Americans at any expense to try and erase President Obama Legacy. It can't be done. SHAME ON GOP
Maybe we should push for lower unemployment rates where working class have health coverage and would not depend on Medicaid as much??
#KillTheBill
THE REPUBLICANS HAVE A SINGULAR GOAL:  ENTRENCHING POVERTY IN THE UNITED STATES BY GIVING ALL OUR TAX DOLLARS TO DEFENSE CONTRACTORS.
It's depraved indifference by @GOP for the adverse consequences Graham-Cassidy will have to everyone who works for a living. #SavetheACA
If you that this will cut medicaid then pleasevote it down please!!!!! Us old people cannot live with that passing
I am left to wonder if many @GOP would just as soon have the underprivilged die off, and so solve the problem.
@GOP trying to ram bill through that's only good for the Koch bros& GOP. That's not good governance. Let's put #countryoverparty
Why vote yes on horrific war / military spending bill? We don't need it. We need education, healthcare, infrastructure, EPA, climate control
All that could be easily covered if we just stop gifting money to countries that hates us. Agreed?
You could change that by supporting #MedicareForAll if you really gave a damn!
No reasoning with #KochWhores
This bill puts health care in the hands of the states where it should be.
Medicaid hasn't been changed for 50 years! Maybe it's time?
Then get out & talk to McCain, Murkowski, Collins et al
"l have shown you in every way, SUPPORT THE WEAK for it is more blessed to give than to receive." Acts 20 34-35. Is America now so selfish?
Get rid of those evil executive orders thats hidden in Obama http://care.You  keep dancing around that.Tell your voters the Truth
Defeat it and pass Medicare for All instead.
A true patriot. You care about us. Thank you. Keep fighting.
You Democrats call lowering the rate of annual increase "a cut!" How dishonest! No wonder Republicans R winning at ALL levels! Dems R done!
Democrats lied to us about Obamacare and are now lying about Medicaid & Graham-Cassidy bill.  No one in right mind should believe you now.
Cutting Medicaid is the easiest route to getting the $ to give tax cuts to rich people. GOP Sens don't care about killing Americans.
I totally agree. What is wrong with these people?
#GrahamCassidy is a smoke & mirrors bill intended to fool the American people into thinking all will B covered. Shame on U @LindseyGrahamSC
Don't you mean devestating cuts to all Americans except Congress?
#HealthcareIsAHumanRight
Medicaid is a broken, bloated beaucracy. When will you stop attacking Trump and do something to fix it?
If ACA repealed, states will need to increase indigent burial funds. WV ran out 5 months early this year. More poor will die from overdoses.
MediCaid doesn't just help people who need care but it insures hospitals get paid.Uninsured go to ERs...hospitals don't get paid..then close
Vote for me.  Vote for me. I will give you everything for free. Yes free. Who cares who has to pay for it. Dem politics suck
Medicaid is insolvent over burdening taxpayers.  Republican plan fixes that. You dems only know how to spend but never pay for it
And the one constant to "Obama Care" is rising rates and deductibles. You do not exist in the real world. #PreachingFromYourIvoryTower
Utterly indefensible.And Graham-Cassidy is the worst yet. Who got to Lindsey Graham? He just went to the dark side.
If you know what's in the bill, post it!!
I cannot understand the moral majority party throwing 30 million children and seniors under the bus.
Medicaid is for to those below poverty line, why is the 6th largest economy have high poverty rate it needs medicaid. Maths does not add up
Why was military given $80B for their fat/unaudited budget and we are trying to screw all Americans on healthcare?
What happened to your hopes of him becoming a good president??? That statement was ridiculous!
Like your Doctor...keep your Doctor. Like your plan...keep your Plan. Enough! Dems have zero credibility on this issue.
It sounds like we will incur less debt for our children to pay. Slavery is wrong so don't enslave our kids.
#HealthCareMotivation: Graham/Cassidy Plan - The Koch Bros will give the GOP $400M for 2018 only if *ACA is repealed* & tax reform passes.
The constant in every Dem bill is government becoming more of my overlord with every passing day
See Koch brothers' $500 million... now go undo that. NOW. Otherwise, retire.
What do you recommend we do to stop this monstrosity of a bill, Sen Feinstein?
Once ppl realized Obamacare and the AHCA was the same they did not want their ins repealed and replaced
Actually, yes it is defensible. You dislike the idea of each state getting Medicaid on a per capita basis and equally. Cuts lib states abuse
Please reconsider your vote @SenatorLankford @SenateGOP
Seems this has 0 to do w HC but all to do w politics & bowing to big &. Reprehensible. We hope u can get some to listen to u. Maybe women.
GOP better believe it will be a cold day in hell before they will see a majority again on the hill, if they see this through.
It’s not as if #Medicaid covers cutting-edge therapies & procedures. It’s a chance for the poor to access diagnostic and preventive care

The #GOP plan to end povery is to let poor people die.
Please keep opposing their agenda. They don't work for the people, obviously.
Reduce the budget and taxes
You mean devastating cuts to the number of illegals, refugees and others you want the people to pay for?
I know we can count on you to spare us from the latest repeal and replace monstrosity. Pleasereach out to Sen. Murkowski, McCain, & Collins.
single payer healthcare for the democrats ONLY.  paid for by democrats ONLY.  that would pass. everyone else. free choice.
What's indefensible is the lack of a plan for when Medicare goes bankrupt w/no plan for after-you really don't understand the bill do you?
It’s not welfare dummy
The Pubs boggle the mind! So inept, what are they thinking?! Apparently they think we Citizens will eat cake! Foolish move you fools!
My daughter's disabled; Medicaid helps pay for her medication.  Beyond that, we ALL need good healthcare!
@POTUS No democrat (or GOB for that matter) uses either O-care or Medicaid -- exempted for those on Mount Olympus.  Why is that OK?
Medicaid is the only way to pay for nursing home care when all your money’s gone. TELL PEOPLE!!!
And risk to the disabled; women; minorities & LGBTQ people Dianne!
Complex bills affecting millions requires normal procedure not piecemeal garbage. VOTE NO
There is another constant; help only the very rich and the party. They don't care for workers OR our country
Why are you lying?  Explain how tgey ate doing that in FULL DETAILS - YEAR BY YEAR
Please support Bernie's Medicare for All bill. #Bernie2020
Were you this outspoken on Obamacare when it destroyed for those already covered
GOP healthcare bill is and always has been about siphoning 800 billion out of medicaid, so that greedy Koch Bros. et tal will get richer.
They have no souls!
Without that I would have been dead 7 years ago at age 43 years old and also last year I got 5 pints of blood from ovarian cancer.
Because of all the illegals getting health coverage
Claims that #GrahamCassidy-Heller-Johnson doesn't cover pre-existing conditions -- #FakeNews on steroids!
I would not sign Graham-Cassidy if it did not include coverage of pre-existing conditions. It does! A great Bill. Repeal & Replace.
Okay Senator show me where it says Medicaid will be gone
And tax cuts for the wealthy.
#noGrahamCassidy #noGrahamCassidy #noGrahamCassidy #noGrahamCassidy #noGrahamCassidy #noGrahamCassidy #noGrahamCassidy #noGrahamCassidy
Maybe @SenFeinstein and the rest of the sold-out @SenateDems except less than a dozen, the MILITARY should give back half its bribery budget
That is the problem with Democrats. All I want to do is throw more money at problems.
There's one constant in democratic response to everything - hysteria
How's that democrat ACA working?
What's indefensible is what your party has done to healthcare. And now you want total government control?
#ProtectOurCare @KamalaHarris  protect Americans!
