We support you. Good start. Need to go further. Ie. Finger trigger sensors. Longer wait times. weapons hoarder lists.
Should we do the same with cars and alcohol ?
I suppose I could shoot bottles of alcohol at people. That could be deadly.
Well alcohol kill more people each year than guns
Yes It does
Well at least we can agree on that. But we don't make buy a car harder because you might get drunk and Kill someone with it.
Remind me the purpose of a car? Purpose of a gun + bullet?
Either would depend on the person and purpose to which you intend. Cars have many uses same with firearms. All depends on  the person.

Why waste our tax dollars on something that they already know.
Part of the process. Need documentation to get things done.
No, but you aren’t going to kill 59, injure 515 in 9 minuets with a knife...or even a handgun..
True, but a box cutter and a plane killed 3000 so it's still not the gun it's the person. If I was a psycho a bomb could do more quickly.
And we fixed that problem. Not turned our back & said “oh well”
Yeah "fixed" it TSA is a joke at best.
And what will you do when a criminal uses a truck like Tim McVeigh? You cannot legislate criminal behavior.  Barking up wrong tree.
No we are not.
Here's how gun contol works
It's called common sense gun laws. People like you are part of the problem. The public should not have access to semi/automatic weapons!
It's people like you that allow some people to  to which bathroom to use

So what's the game plan?
She's introducing a bill to ban bump stocks, for starters
A ban to sell doesn't go far enough. We need to make possession of bump stock types of modifications illegal.
Then DO IT... What does it take for common sense to prevail? NOT just fix it items but STOP Selling automatic rifles. PERIOD. ACT NOW!
Didn't Obama's gun control bill not pass the Senate because of your party? All of Congress needs to be replaced. Both parties.
Exactly term limits
Pass a law making it illegal to shoot concert goers out of hotel room windows! Maybe this guy was just confused on the current laws!
Just gun violence. Its okay to stab people to death right?
Okay.  What are your @SenFeinstein ideas? What are you & the rest of Congress going to do? Answer: Nothing.
What would it take for GOP to stand up? This “support the NRA” nonsense rhetoric is old. All their talking points make no sense.
Now that makes no sense
What do you suggest?
Why don't you ever listen?
I do .. but you need to as well!! You know my position on gun control. And on hillary!! And on trump and on healthcare.
Well if you "did" then you know her position. Smh
What action does she want to take.. ?
Melanie you seriously cannot be this thick?
I agree !  Semi automatic guns needed for Military only and anything to alter guns should be illegal!!
Then tell that to the GOP.
So what does that mean
So just how would you do that you are all talk
Will never pass the conservatives.
Keep letting illegals in, and keep fighting with each other and dividing our country.  There are always going to be bad people. HELLO
Start with the entertainment industry that glorifies violence and desensitizes children to horror video games thug music videos movies etc
Learn your history Sen Feinstein. It's sickening to see you politicize such a horrific tragedy. Obama had the opportunity to ban bump stocks in 2010 and passed on it. Anyone who is serious about murder can make their own bump stock or even print one on a 3D printer. Easy to do.
It's a noble thought but will you lobby to ban cars & vans when ppl are plowed down on the Vegas strip like Paris? Murderers will find a way
U take no action with sanctuary cities after Kate’s death but now ..... why
@bobtorricelli @SRuhle The Faces, the beloved faces of the Lost who shouldn't be lost!We have the moral courage to stand & fight for them.2)
If only you would put this much energy into solving the mental health crisis in America. Bump stock ban won't fix deranged thinking 
After listening to @bobtorricelli this morning on Live with @SRuhle - we need to ban assault weapons,not merely strive to do the minimum.1)
What about Chicago? Where is your outrage on that battlefield everyday!!
Ask the GOP that question!
GOP is at least trying 4 better education!!! Skilled jobs helping them get off govt programs.. what did obama do for the 8 yr.'s?
Thought we were talking abt gun control or lack off? Guess not!
You will never get anything done until you find where these craziers. Are getting their guns. Good people of america not doing this
WHAT A LAUGH. YOU ALL ARE TO BUSY. TRYING TO WRECK AMERICA. AND GETTING CHECK S
Still have not heard a plan just a bunch of soad box look at me
Kill a lion in Africa and blame the man. Shooting in Las Vagas and blame the gun? 
Now i see why your in congress and no real job.
Yada yada yada...ambulance chaser!
Why didn't you do it when #Obama and #Democrats were in control? It was under Obama automatic #GUNSTOCKS were legalized! Such Phony Dems:-(
Can we maybe focus on the violent people first, and then go after the violent guns?
Absolutely!!! And we must take action to make sure we elect @MichelleObama as our next president.
What law would prevent what happened
I'll help you, it was the only right that was followed by "SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED".
Prevent democrat ideaology
Trump is an enabler for this kind of behavior. Dump Trump and his buddies,  then you can actually get it down.
I hope the action you take is on the bad guys not the good guys.
Stay out of our business, you are not the person to save the world. People hate you because of your radical liberalism
Here is a secret.....teach gun safety and teach it young. My life involves guns everyday and what works in cities doesn't work here.
Who the hell are you to tell me and the millions of legal, responsible gun owners what we can and can't have.
Is there a reason you are still in office?  You have failed at everything you have ever done and this won't be any different
You're sounding kind of violent. Try to promote calmness please.
Thank you @SenFeinstein - proud you represent me.
All violence
You don't get it you Yankee, it is NOTHING to do with guns, its the culture behind it,, & for record I do NOT own a gun, think about it
I'm with you against gun violence, but don't use it to take away our rights.
If I lose my life from someone else's liberty, in the pursuit of happiness then what is the Constitution for?#EndGunViolence #EnoughIsEnough
They sat idly by when Snyder POISONED Children. They did FUCKALL After Sandy hook! So I guess concert goers are the ticket, huh? PuhLeez!
So we should just throw our hands up and say fuck it...carry on? I don't think so.
Not at all, I am sick of the same ole same ole. @SenFeinstein doesn't seem to realize that her republican colleagues ARE the NRA and corrupt
I'm sure she's aware.
We'll agree to disagree.
Start legislating tough criminal laws and stop legislating law abiding citizens.
sure make another law that will fix everything. The guy broke a dozen laws. Another laws I'm going to fix this sickness

@SenFeinstein yes like addressing mental health!
Where you been. Why haven't you stopped countless others. You accomplish nothing. Waste of taxpayers money
Do something! Don't allow NRA money to line the pockets of your colleagues at the expense of Lives #LasVegasMassacre
Retire
https://youtu.be/U7DTjSla-O8   The girl is just ignorant. USA Tactical and YouTube are RESPONSIBLE! Sue THEM!
Sorry but they found bomb making stuff in the car if someone is going to step off the deep end they will get what they need gun,rock T 2020
https://youtu.be/U7DTjSla-O8   Victims need to SUE USA Tactical and YouTube for this VIDEO!
As I see it, each time we go to a concert or event, all of us will be looking out for a shooter.  NRA & gun manufacturers win, we all lose.
Can't let fear win. Then we are all victims.
Thank You!!!  CA45 voter 92653-5769
Take your security that you have around you away from you then we'll see
You have my vote!
In a battlefield both sides have means to attack and defend themselves.  No, this was an act of violence by a coward who got gear legally!

Not a battlefield. A killing field. This was a perpetrator and victims.
My Senator. Thank you for your resolve. Those young women in jean shorts and cowboy boots lying dead in their own blood could have been my own children.
Unless we build the wall illegal guns will flow from Mexico just like drugs
End liberalism. That will do the trick.
Criminals will not obey any laws you pass. All you is restrict the rights of law abiding citizens.
How about easing gun laws. So law abiding citizens have a fighting chance. Because the devils have guns and angels only have prayers
Yeah, but republicans are more than happy to stand idly by....
Maybe you should figure out why he was planning this for a month waiting for a concert and right room. Has nothing to do about guns
Duh.

Thank you Sen Feinstein!
Thank you, Senator.
What law can you write that would of prevented this tragedy?  The shooter had illegal automatic weapons.   The law is already on the books.
Stop semi automatics
Then do it and start by the taking out dump. How long is this bad joke going to continue?
Shut down all other legislation until #GunControl reform is passed. End military-style rifles, mods, ext clips, gun shows; do ammo limits!
What’s a military style rifle?
It was not a “battlefield” @SenFeinstein that would presume people are able to and are shooting back. This was a murderous mass slaughter!
Hell Yes BUY MORE GUNS FOLKS
Why isn't anyone mentioning the Sniper caught on video from the 3rd Floor as seen on one of CNN videos ??????
How about Dianne Feinstein prevention ?? 

Goddam right, and there's a very good reason for that. If you're that blind to ignore the truth then you're a big part of the problem.
Great rhetoric but what are u and this party prepared to do to change it? How many democrats are willing to sacrifice themselves 4 the cause
It’s a battlefield when both sides are armed.  This was a terrorist attack.  #GunContolNow
Battlefields have 2 armed sides, this was a slaughterhouse
How long have you been saying this, yet nothing has happened.
How about treating mental illness?
You can't regulate EVIL !!!
We need to do more to help the mentally ill.
A battlefield? It was a shooting gallery!!!
Ma’am what would your response be if they mowed people down with a truck
Isn't Chicago full of gun violence and drugs?  We have laws already its a moral issue of hate. Set a example lady of love
The only way to truly prevent gun violence is to confiscate every gun in America from every criminal. How are you going to do that?
We are witnessing a break down in the fabric of Society, this is not caused by guns. Govt should work to unite not divide our country
What about cars? Fertilizers?matchsticks? knives? & clowns?!! Ban them all!
Thank you so much for your leadership on this.  Never give up this fight!
Gun control now is the time
You sat by while an elementary school became one.  And don't forget the Boston Marathon.  We must take action to ban pressure cookers.
Looney liberals.
Less than 40% of Americans own guns. 
Those that do, own 4 a piece.
We are being held hostage in our own country.
We need #GunControlNow
How come the left don't take this stand against muslim immigration
This makes ZERO sense to me. We effectively ridded this land of lawn darts, but assault weapons are just fine:
and you have sat by while black keep killing black in bankrupt democrat chicago with strict gun control.
YES!
YES!
YES!
you and the illuminati organized this massacre,,u plan an even worse massacre as soon as we give our guns away
Thank you Senator for introducing legislation which may begin to bring the changes in gun law we've been waiting for.
"We will not sit idly by when a ___ in America is turned into a battlefield. We must take action to prevent gun violence" is used monthly.
Good idea...lets start by disbanding the @TheDemocrats Party. During 2016 Elec. Campaign UR Party HIRED THUGS to Attack Americans.
Luckily for you most nursing homes are gun free, so silver lining I guess...
Please continue to speak out for us. The Republicans are ignoring will of the American people, Pence threatens @GOP with 'purging', UNHEARD.
Republicans are American people, and we want to be able to defend ourselves, and not depend on govt

What's the plan???
How about we make possession of a stolen firearm a felony in California - and not have it not based on value to determine fel or misd?
Agreed now we need someone to stand up and make it happen.
So only you will have guns?
RIGHT!  We need to ban leftists!
Heard the concert venue referred to as a “kill zone” on the news. How do we have kill zones?! No!
They've been around a while.
"Gun Free Zones
Because having everyone armed and shooting would help against a coward barricaded 32 stories high, in the dark with multiples guns.
Why am I not surprised my comment went over your head?
You’re the expert.
Let it rest & give these families time to absorb what has happened & to at least have a little time to heal. You politicians disgust me
I'm a democrat  and I  don't believe gun control is the answer.
At least one of you gets it
Where were you when Obama was president and his two years of Democratic Congress including you did nothing
But we won't. Ever. Be sure the Govt is owned by the lobbyists. Seldom do our representatives vote their conscience. They vote their wallet
How about a constitutional convention to overturn the 2nd amendment ?
Lol,  good luck with that.
How is it possible that authorities did not anticipate possible attack on 22k outside event. Many ways to cause great harm. Besides firearms
Your using this tragedy for political gain is wrong! Say what your action be? Instead of insinuating others are to blame besides the shooter
Democrats want to disarm us just like Hitler!!
Actually, Hitler loosened gun laws.
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/science/2017/07/25/antidepressants-linked-murders-murderous-thoughts/ … this is a bigger concern
And you recommend?? All you lame D politicians, that's all you say.  what are you going to do?
Let me guess, you'll sign up Michael Chertoff scanners at venues? He'll get richer & kickback money to you?
Start by naming it what it is TERRORISM. By NV law he is just that
According to NV LAW, Stephen Paddock is a terrorist. #vegas #shooting 
Isn't campaign finance reform the only way to  bypass the NRA's chokehold on congress?  Money is the root of all evil.
Absolutely, think Planned Parenthood
Think EVERYTHING, including healthcare providers. The voice of the individual people should be the currency, not money.
You've been in Congress for 25 years
TO LONG
then DO IT DIANNE!
As many have said, if Sandy Hook wasn't unacceptable enough to result in action, hard to believe that anything will be.
Agree
Thank you.
Why didn’t you take action when Democrats had House and Senate both just couple of years back? Why?
Thank you Diane Feinstein. Please call out the money in guns to alert the public so the will of the people will succeed in gun control.
Clearly we aren’t done when assault rifles are banned then
Clearly you are a progressive who believes that individuals can be trusted. Comrade
Yeah I want to rid my society of assault rifles because I’m too trusting of others 
So if most people are killed by handguns lobby for more restrictions on hand guns 7K lives are worth less than 350?
Yeah, that’s what I meant when I said we aren’t done when assault rifles are banned #keepup
Should we ban knives, vehicles, and rational thought as long as we leave you your pot and abortions?
If you’re looking to debate a strawman you’ll need to look elsewhere. Not interested.
Yes we do.
Name the action.
Why don’t you try being productive
Name the action that will reduce violence?  All you liberals just flap gums
Senator makes vague claim regarding action for gun violence. Ignores agency responsible for enforcing gun law is underfunded. #fundtheATF
We are doing something! Sending thoughts and prayers.
Less a battlefield than a killingground.
If it it's people violence put forward by your gang the dims 4 votes
didn’t you get the memo, we aren’t going to talk about that today
Battlefield would imply they could fight back.  It was a slaughterhouse.

DO SOMETHING -  @SenateDems @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats
Chicago has been a battlefield for about decade. What were you waiting for? LV just fits your agenda to ban all guns.
End Gun Violence #RecallAllDemocrats
#RecallSenFeinstein
#2ndAmendment
Ban bumper stocks now. There is zero reason for anybody to oppose this unless of course bought by the NRA.
We need to find a non-gun donor to take the place of NRAs big-money bribes ("contributions") to Congress.
https://www.opensecrets.org/overview/topindivs.php … not even in the top 100 get your facts straight less than 1.1m in contributions. #lyingdems
