Why is this more troubling than the DNC working to rig an election?
@SenateDems Why did Obama grant him clearance??????????
BFD. It takes time to investigate. Flynn was so bad his security clearance was renewed under Obama's reign.Investigate his name being leaked
at least he was fired!  Sally Yates upheld same rules under Obama and refused to do so for #POTUSTrump = fired
PLEASE look into what folks @mikefarb1 r finding re: voting machine irregularities. THIS IS CRITICAL 2 INTEGRITY OF OUR DEMOCRACY
*pls rtwt*
do you sleep?
Your deeply troubled
perhaps they wanted to confirm facts
I have zero faith and confidence that Trump acts in the best interest of America. #impeachtrump #trumprussia #independentspecialprosecutor
@SenFeinstein please do everything possible to #impeachtrump
He did fire Flynn. Isnt that what counts?
Yes, I agree
@realDonaldTrump fired #Flynn 18 days on #blackmail revelation yet @BarackObama didn't fire #clinton #rice #holder for their incompetence
Comey's testimony USA under 45 worse than Nixon & bifftown. Great respect 4 #SallyYates. DT fires qualified ppl & hire liars #Trumprussia
Didn't he fire Flynn?
So if your best friend told you your husband was cheating on you.I guess you would Divorce your husband that day?.Troubling tsk.tsk..tsk.
Yes. Why did Trump wait so long? Tried to find a way to avoid it. But couldn't.
Yep.
I know it's not what you know but what you can prove.  However I know it was Trump and the lot that promoted the collusion
Trump hasn't the slightest idea or interest in governing. West Wing is his private business.
Exactly. He wanted to be POTUS to line his pocketbook.
It's clear Congressional GOP have zero interest in determining extent of Russian influence as long as see benefit to themselves
#p2 #Resist
But money to Iran was no problem for her ethically.
He resigned maybe you should look into that Alzheimer's study and get the pre approved stuff
@SenateDems NOT normal  ? FIRE FBI DIRECTOR.?!. 8 MONTHS LATER VERY FRIGHTENING FOR CITIZENS!! DICTATORS DO THIS? NOT US!!!
Yates' ignorance of the law and partisan decision to refuse to enforce EO is deeply troubling.  Glad this Obama sycophant was fired.
Do you know how long it takes -if ever - for Federal employees to get fired for egregious on-the-job offenses? #YouArentFooling Me Anymore
@SenateDems ? FBI DIRECTOR FIRED  MIDDLE  OF INVESTIGATION? ADMIN. BLAMES ON HILL EMAILS WHEN TRUMP LIKED THIS IN JANUARY ?
No, not really. You and the others are choosing to make a big deal out of this.
Good point.  Congress always does things so quickly.
She was fired three days after her last meeting at #WhiteHouse for upholding the law with regard to the Muslim ban. #POTUS tweet disturbing.
Sounds like deeply illegal ! Hope he is being charged for several  things too.Ma
œxine Waters says , he's part of scumbag bunch.Impeach now.
What's deeply troubling is a Senator is presented with multiple felonies by Clinton and the Obama admin and you look the other way.
Thank you Senator. - a constituent in CA, far from DC, frustrated that Trump is still in office given what we heard today. @RepAdamSchiff
How does Flynn get thru Obama, Trump and Congressional vetting.  R there any controls in Washington?  It's not a left/ right issue anymore.
Trump needs to be impeached and jailed immediately! What is this la la land you're tolerating? #TREASON #TraitorTrump enabled #TraitorFlynn
Lets hope. This is unbelievable what is being allowed to happen to this nation!
Accusation is exactly that.
They should all be vetted by FBI. None of them deserve to be there.
The WH was trying to figure out how to cover up the truth.........those 18 days may become very critical for future investigations
Scariest part of that, if not for the leaks, Michael Flynn might still be there
Yep, probably. After all Bannon, Miller and Sessions are all still stinking up.the White House. Ugh!
... and Yates was fired.  Compromised
I think trump kept Flynn on as his Nat Sec  advisor because he was trying to extort some or all of the $500 k Flynn rec'd from Turkey
Mike Pence was notified by a letter from Congressman @RepCummings in November that Flynn was a concern.
and after being warned, he was trump's first cabinet pick. We must see trump's taxes. OWES $$ TO RUSSIA.
Once Flynn's dirt became public 45 was forced to out him! The BS story was lying to Pence. But we all know that 45 coverts liars.
Constitution (Trmp I will change it will-repeat,repeat,base will support me)USA so hungry for change they give up USA for it?
What deeply troubles me is that Trump and his cronies remain in OUR White House!
But #SallyYates was the 1 promptly #FIRED
#IndependentInvestigation Now-not later!! We are compromised Senator. Time is not our friend.
We already knew this information and yes it's still troubling. When is the mad king going to be impeached?
How fast does ur office act? It wasn't 18 months. Not even 18 weeks. Let's have some level of realism and honesty please
give me a damn break you don't work 18days a year! deeply troubling hypocrit
Not only 19 days, but only after it came out in the press. #TrumpRussiaInvestigation #trump #MICHAELFLYNN
Agree 100%! Independent investigation!!!!
..and only 18 days later cause the public found out....only reason....
I find that hard to believe he could be blackmailed.  He lied to the Admin so should have been let go.
even though Trump is an expert at firing people!
Old woman who works for the US Government believes 18 days is a long time to fire someone. FFS
Why didn't you ask Sally Yates if she would consider becoming the Independent Special Prosecutor?  The lady needs a job!!!!
@SenateDems Yes Trumps Cover up 4 Flynn Obama fired Flynn & Trump Hired Flynn ! Flynn yelled lock her up no Flynn up r them up
I know it was difficult but thank you for keeping your cool today.
Open eyes
Pure heart
Thank you @SenFeinstein for helping America get to the bottom of this! We must keep Russia, or any country, from influencing our elections!
Sally Yates is a true hero. Flynn is certainly a "bad hombre".
Fired only bcos of the media that exposed the truth otherwise he will still be sitting in the highest order of our national security.
Why did obama admin approve Flynn's high level clearance months before election?
Q-From hearing-Does Putin have$ in? A:Yes, it's in TX! Exxon Hq there; big oil state...
Putin wants to control oil fields, Rosneft was taken from Ukraine;Tillerson is ex-Exxon CEO (oil company) and has oil 1/of3
fields in Alaska & assisting w/pipeline re standoff w/ Standing Rock Sioux;Putin thru Tillerson & Perry (ex-Gov of TX) 2/3
want Russian pipes used in pipeline& infrastructure of; Tillerson & Perry love oil, oil deals, & been to Russia many times/3
Further, Putin/Russians love Trump Tower NY, love staying there & DT b/c of all the dark$ loans& look @ all Russians in WH!
Did you see how Cornyn&Cruz scattered after speaking rudely to #SallyYates ? They're afraid of treason re oil deals w/Putin
This hearing showed how rude & challenged Cornyn & Cruz were towards Sally-want to run from the truth on Russia collusion
Glad you and Al &others helped restore some faith by holding this very impt hearing, except for TX& some Gop's @SenFranken
So is this ... Mike Conaway now head of House Intel.  Can we trust someone with this hat to get to the truth about #TrumpRussia?
Nyet!
Sorry. I take back the "duh".
Well Silly, Flynn needed that 18 days to collect enough info for Putin. Duh.
Clinton sold uranium to Russia! Obama gave billions to Iran and millions to Palestine! That doesn't bother you?
Thank you Dianne Feinstein for your great work. #TrumpRussia #SallyYates
And what will be done about it? it's not just troubling it's treason
#trumprussia is cause for impeachment
Why would anyone believe sally Yates
These people ran for the presidency of the united States of America and were chosen unlawfully to serve under thisPOTUS.With the aide of RSA
Loyalty was more important to trump than National Security.  Also, has everyone working close to the Prez been vetted properly?
We have decided that this POTUS, VPPOTUS,and the Cabinet they so carefully chose has earned impeachment.
Hillary let men die and she wasn't fired either
When will impeachment of both 45 and pence begin?
@PrincessBravato, Flynn has been busted, but when you sleep with dogs you get flees. Flynn's flees jumped off Trump and Pence.
Sen Feinstein it is of National Security that Trump and Cabinet are removed from office, before it's too late for the whole world.
We have been deeply troubled since January 20.
Credibility spoke today.  It is time for a Special Prosecutor, Senator
@PrincessBravato Deeply troubling? It's downright CRIMINAL. Flynn was granted top secret clearance at meetings w foreign heads
Why didn't O pull his security clearance
Thank you for your responsibility and tenacity in today's hearing.  I for one truly appreciate you and what you are doing for America.

I just don't understand our govt anymore.  Lying cheating stealing elections taxpayers money for 2 residences and constant vacations 1/
Now we're paying his dipshit family to travel around making money and taxpayers are paying for it.  I want the govt to pay for me to go 2/
On an Olivia Cruise to Hawaii with my disabled wife.  We are struggling to make ends meet but maybe luck enough to come to dc this year 3/
What I am saying is there are so many issues nepotism, he was supposed to divest.  He kids are adults I don't want to pay their way anymore
At least @PressSec & @VP will be scapegoats, #Flynn serves time (3 weeks...). Then the oil show goes on.
Proves they didn't believe a woman! Proves this man is under Russian control!
We need an independent commission NOW & a special prosecutor.  Are we going to wait until they burn down our government?
Lindsey Graham should step down he's in trumps pocket
So what are you going to do about it? Americans would like to see consequences for lying and unlawful behavior from our elected reps.
Special prosecutor please!!  And please take them all to jail..
And still allowed to sit in during classified briefings during those 18 days!
Very troubling
So of course 45 knew and did nothing so WHAT are the consequences for that?
Probably wouldn't have fired him until pressure due to press!!!
YOU are deeply troubled.  YOU are a clown.
what's more troubling is... #TRUMP
Deeply troubling? come on we know it was treasonous
It's deeply troubling to me is that you don't have any checks on the money that you do it out he handed out here responsibly with no account
More than deeply troubling, Congress should take ACTION! Impeachment proceedings should begin.
But Flynn had been an Unregistered Foreign Agent since August 9, 2016 based on your timeline @andersoncooper @CillizzaCNN @CNN @CNNnewsroom
And was in on calls with Putin!!???!!! What the heck!!???!!
"Deeply troubling" is deeply understated. It's a cover-up and the coup continues. #WhereAreTheIndictments?
Why take partisan, sanctimonious hack Yates at face value. Trump team needed time to conduct it's own inquiry. 18 days seems reasonable.
Even more troubling is trump -- same security problem.

Are you going to allow him to fly off to Hamburg and meetup with Putin in July?
Time to take action on Trump & family before Americans have no way out!
We must Stop giving Trump a pass because of "inexperience" that's burying your head in the sand.
He probably would have kept him but for the public knowing about it.
Anything could've had been compromised in less than a day. How much more in 18 days? @LindseyGrahamSC must not enable the @POTUS & team.
Cruz is corrupt too! Mercers had kellyanne w/Cruz at first then trump! Cruz caved under trump after private meeting trump had goods on cruz
WHafter information from miss Yates,they still kept Flynn,He could had beenthere today,if not becauseWe the ppl.found out through the Press.
Hypocrite
Why weren't you so troubled about crooked Hillary,comprised US security, sold her office, sold our uranium,podesta & Russia, BC $500k speech
When are we going to act on all these troubling issues?  Enough is enough.
It's been decades since it was determined you've been compromised yet you're still not fired.... what's your point?
Keep working on behalf on us, please, Senator Feinstein. Thank you.
PARAMOUNT US security objective: ferret out any Putin directed FSB sleeper cells&or Defense&CIA secrets&NOT CYA G0P administration&or graft
Trump brought Flynn into a phone meeting with Putin after WH told of Flynns lie. Impeach Trump.
As a nonpartisan citizen, the GOP look and act like a bunch of corrupt men with no loyalty to their country and its Constitution.
Definitely 
I'm troubled that the Obama admin could not keep election free from Russian hacking! Why has no one asked Clapper why did nothing to stop it
He was only fired because it came out in the press.
What's more troubling is that you have seen all the raw data and classified info, however this whole charade continues? Why is that?
What basis for trust did he have w/ anyone in Obama Admin? None.
Then Susan Rice should testify b4 the intel committee -  but it's very troubling she won't. Until she's dragged in only to plead t/5th #BET
The whole lot needs to go; clearly, they chose to look the other way - need to be held accountable.
From press reports she'd seen
To add, it was under pressure that he was fired. Trump thinks he is running his business, where unsavory and sinister things are the norm.
Troubling is the word. Was it just to distance Yates sacking from Flynn or did Don need Flynn for some reason or
How long FBI investigate Clinton? Russia gate? Nothing in Washington happens overnight. If that is expectation, I have a list of demands
So DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT
Yes Ma'am. It is. #IAMNOTDISTRACTED
@SenFeinstein Yes it is! We are awake and paying attention. #TRUMPRUSSIA
Will there ever be anything on this guy?
Fantastic Word STAFFER. Makes 1 think she really cares. We know it's not true. Power far exceeded Service as Senator has blended Corruption
Then Susan Rice should testify b4 the intel committee -  but it's very troubling she won't. Until she's dragged in only to plead t/5th #BET
Still waiting for someone to ask if the president can obtain unmasking requests if he wanted to
Lock him up!
In the 1990s you were told how detrimental your drug war was yet you made laws more harsh & unjust, ruining USA lives. Deeply troubling!
Your family ties to that shitshow of a bullet train project....Deeply Troubling.... Say hows that going anyways?
more troubling: the GOP senators wouldn’t even sit thru the whole hearing or try and determine how to stop Russia from hacking again
What was the reason Obama fired Gen. Flynn, leaving his security clearance, in place.
If Obama had cause for concern when he fired Gen Flynn then Sally Yates *urgent* need in January wasn't as urgent as she claims. 
Timing.
DiFi, we have to have an independent investigation. The @senateGOP all left, don't want to expose Trump/Russia election fraud. R Complicit.
Explain what she meant by compromise
you need to be very specific and ask more intense questions. Work harder! Dig deeper ! The USA is at stake!! Please
FBI told Hilary campaign that their DNC office was hacked and they Never asked FBI for help..until now!!
we need a special prosecutor like, YESTERDAY!
Why didn't Obama fire Flynn. He was in Obamas administration
What's even more troubling is that the #DNC wouldn't let @FBI look at servers when they were told the Russians compromised them #Troubling
How long did it take to jail Hillary and Uma?
@SenFranken The point is Trump wanted a Russian puppet (Flynn & others) in the WH. Putin decide. Not an accident. Say it! Spell it out!
DOJ plead the 5th
Now that's deeply troubling
Without media reports on Kislyak & Pence, every reason to believe Flynn would still be there. #Yates advisory old news to Trump?
But will the Republicans do anything? Independent committee would be a good start.
Sounds like a reasonable amount of time to investigate Sally Yates accusations.  Seems like you are manufacturing an issue, as usual.
We are glad you are there Senator. Please keep up the fight for the truth. Thank you.
was pence informed????
Amen!
Because Trump knew and many others were compromised as well?  A lot of public evidence points to "yes".
I agree with you Senator
Call Trump to testify. When was he told of Flynn, why didn't he dismiss Flynn then, why didn't he tell Pence?
obama hired him and kept him for years. Facts are always important just not to liberals
Thank you Senator Feinstein for representing Californians and the country so well and working to get to the truth.
Can we get a Special Prosecutor, please?
Independent one,yes.
Named Sally Yates
You are losing your base of support how much money have you received from the healthcare industry?
We need an independent investigation, please help make that happen Sen Feinstein!
just as troubling as the repubs on panel focusing on criminalizing her and ignoring Flynn
