You must be talking about the Democrat Party,  cuz w/o those votes you guys will be extinct. The rest of us will be fine, we will survive.
Yeh sure.  The rust belt is the envy of the nation. 
How is that Madam President thing working for you? 
Oh, I actually didn't need a particular president to be fine, see.  My entire region isn't obsolete losers, is the thing.
Maybe you didn't, but the rest of your snowflake brethren did. They are losing it and will continue to lose it until the Dems change message
Nah, dems already outnumber gop. Gerrymandering buys some time, but the gop's base lives in retirement homes. Trump is death throes.
Lmao, good luck in 20. Save this tweet u can laugh at me then if I am wrong. But don't count on it, oposing everything 45 ain't gonna work
I'm not worried; conservatives always lose long term. Then the next generation of them just disavow the last one and lose again.
Dreamers are illegals. Time to go home, citizenry is not a right, it's an earned privilege that isn't for the taking. Go home, get in line.
What did you do to earn it?
I served for six years in the military, protecting the country, and more, what have you done?
You mean they wouldn't let you be a citizen until you enlisted? (What did you protect us from?)

I was just born here. Didn't seem earned.
Say something coherent.  You spitting anger at everyone with less than you because you feel (and likely are) irrelevant isn't wisdom.
Instablock.
Need a safe space, snowflake?
False they are law breakers in every way.  Put the American people first.
You keep saying "first", but you still cry like babies whenever anybody but yourselves gets anything second or third or twentieth.
Watch several news sources and anylize it. CNN PBS ABC CBS NBC MSNBC ARE FAR left. Fox is far right. There is no fair and balanced news.
That was a cool rant and everything, but you're still bitching about other kids being able to go to school like Americans already can.
We are spending too much on illegals in this country illegally. Doesn't make sense to spend money on something illegal. Uphold the law.
Oh, dear. You don't even know what the DACA is, do you?
Trump just wants to kill #Dreamers because Obama saved them. Trump killing everything Obama did! #EnviousPresident
Thank GOD, we finally have a POTUS with a spine and a pair of balls.  Obummer is a POS.  He destroyed this country.
Well, employment, the Dow Jones, education, world respect and business profits rose to an all time high with Obama! Truth
And you are full of Trump's hate!
No hate there libtard, you and your party have proven time and time again that you're the people with ALL the hate. #charlottesville.
Did you see who brought the guns, clubs and torches to the protest? #NotTheLibrials!
Repugs shooting selves in left foot &gonads!Without Immigrants be no fruit or veggies on any USA OR CDN tables!
No, they are not, you tell the dreamers they can stay but their parents who brought them here illegally must leave never to return.
Then do your damn job. Put a bill on @POTUS 's desk and do this the right way! O's pen was the wrong one!#DREAMERS
Except for the fact that they aren't ACTUALLY Americans right?  Or are you just pissed over all the additional illegal votes Dems will lose?
You need to extend your knowledge a bit wider than Fox News. Then you might know what you are talking about.
So are American citizens! #AmericansFIRST
https://twitter.com/anvilpanow/status/904464243617124352 …

Take Action: Stop Telekinetic Torture https://www.petition2congress.com/ctas/stop-telekinetic-torture …

An anonymous interrogator claimed strangling me through making me have to figure out how to breathe consciously after forgetting how to.

Anonymous interrogators claimed wilting my body temperature to make me save on my air cool bills reducing my sweat unmasking my deodorant.

Anonymous interrogators might be playing a game of making me hear them always saying what cats would say if they could actually talk.

An anonymous interrogator might be blurting out her own first impressions of everything I ever do expecting me always to take her seriously.

An anonymous interrogator claimed stealing my passwords to improve my passwords to prevent break-ins, but such blocks PC security upgrades.

Anonymous interrogators claimed assuming that my own diagnostic blood test results would naturally serve as evidence of my own insanity.

From the mouth of 44, here you go libs, #DACA must end! .@POTUS, it was meant to be TEMPORARY, not a path to citizenship or amnesty #EndDACA 
Saying they're our future diminishes a born U.S. citizen's child's status; as if they are less. Careful with your words Madame Senator.
Except they were not born here. Just a LITTLE technicality.
Then do your job and make them legal. Quit spewing hot air and do it right.
No.  LEGAL law abiding immigrants like MY parents are our future.  Start standing up for Americans, you creep.
"My parents are our future" seems to be the conservative mindset and understanding of how time works in a nutshell.
fell free to achieve your aspirations at your own hand. Today.
Already done did it. Feel free to live in the present instead of fantasizing about bygone eras that you made impossible.
You think dreamers are our future what about all of the American children. Do you think we have no Future without dreamers
Answer this question? @SenFeinstein or are you to chicken?  What about our youth, when have you EVER fought for them?
Feinstein fights for them everyday in California. California has prospered greatly under her leadership.
Then why don't they become citizens?
No.  Legal #American citizens are our future.
Yet this country has been shaped by immigrants, legal and illegal alike.
Future democrats right?
You NEED to retire and allow a progressive young person have your seat.
Deport them all
Are We Not A Nation Of Immigrants? DACA MUST BE SAVED
You fail to distinguish between legal and illegal. As someone whose ex was LEGAL and whose ancestors were LEGAL, you're wrong as can be.
This is w hats messed up with California
It doesn't 'matter' that they are not 'citizens'? #EndDACA
How many dreamers have you put up in one of your multiple homes?
None the democrats don't have time for that they're too busy bitching and moaning.
They really are miserable greedy souls.
They are students; educators; activists; advocates. People are NOT pieces of paper @realDonaldTrump! Shameful to support cultural racism!
They may be all that, but they are NOT LEGAL. They choose to ignore our laws, have no respect. My ex jumped thru LEGAL hoops for citizenship
Bullshit ! #FuckDACA Dreamers don't be mad at Trump for enforcing the law,be mad at your parents, they broke the law in the first place
Not as far as Trump is concerned. He wants to eradicate all non white supremacist just like Hitler did.
May the #dreamers survive this Trump nightmare.
May the "dreamers" please go home.  AMERICANS FIRST!!!!!!!!!
Ending #DACA is #tRump's dog whistle to his White Nationalist supporters.
#ImpeachTrumpNow
No theyR illegal! Their parents r illegal and so they r born illegal!!! Get the hell out.and come back legally!!!!
How many DACA men & women who bravely served the USA will @realDonaldTrump (who has sacrificed nothing & no one) deport?

Mucho DEPLORABLE!
Too bad Germany kicked @realDonaldTrump grandpa out for draft dodging (runs in the family). Could have been end of Drumpfs had they kept him
Americans ARE ALL immigrants except the few indigenous ppl we haven't killed or the POC we chained to ships in Africa & dragged here.
"Every way that matters" You mean only if they vote Dem. Lol. Americans are our future, not illegals. #EndDACAnow
Clearly law and order do not matter to you. Go away, crazy lady.
Dreamers broke the law. Illegal is illegal.
Immigrants are Americans in every way that matters.
We must protect those vulnerable.
Are Illegal gang members "Dreamers? after all, they are dreaming of committing larger crimes here in America? Senator?
What about the dreamers that already live here? Just cast them aside so you get re-elected regardless of the consequences?
I thought American children were the future of this country? Did I miss something? Did I miss a memo? You are a traitor to our children!!
Except legal.
What's wrong with you we voted for you to take care of us.  dreamers and parents need to go back.
They've had PLENTY OF TIME to go through the process of becoming LEGAL CITIZENS.  Why haven't they?
Really?
#DACA
#AmericaFirst
Bullshit. Hang it up Dianne...you're bought & managed by whomever pays you, in addition to your unearned Congressional bennies.
Nice to know that you put illegals BEFORE American citizens...what is wrong with you?
No,  they're not.  Take a nap,  grandma.
What part of illegal do you fail to comprehend?!? They're not Americans they're illegal aliens. 

#EndDACA
No they are not.  Did they vote for you?  Would you please actually do something for those who voted for you?
You see, the problem with being a Dreamer is that at some point, you are going to have to wake up and face reality. #welcometotherealworld
I really wish I could move to Mexico illegally.  Oh, wait... I can't. They actually enforce their immigration laws.
So was Kate Steinle.

Except for the not legally supposed to be in America part. What about American dreamers, do they not count.
Even Obama said it was Unconstitutional what he did but it sounds like you don't believe in the Constitution. Follow it or quit!
Every way except legal status. Stop breaking the law!
Give them citizenship 
Bullshit!
You don't care about any dreamers, you care about votes and money. Period!
You mean illegals are our future? What our our youth, our dreamers, those that have to pay for an education while illegals get a free pass?
Except the citizen part because they illegally entered the country
How much destruction and death for #GOP to do anything? You are all complicit and own this illegitimate presidency.
Saying they are our  future makes you unqualified to represent America.  Resign
I hope that's not our future
Wrong. We obey laws
Goodbye DACA!!!
Illegal is illegal.
Ms. Feinstein, leave tweeting to us an go do your job and defend DACA.
Not to Trump.
Your pour #illegals into our streets, schools, neighborhoods but you don't put have to put up with them!
Save us all #BanMonsanto
Except for the legal American part.
6 years military service, 2 years Indoc, 4 actively serving.. then you're a citizen
"Every way that matters" .. the ideals that they have may be American but they lack the one thing..citizenship. Build a future for citizens
Den Feinstein do. America a favor retire
No they aren't, they are not legal immigrants!!!!!
The Nation's word is its bond. A bigoted racist man (aka #FakePOTUS) should NOT be allowed to break #DACA promises made by the honorable.
NO ! They are not Americans and they are NOT Americas future! STOP BUYING VOTES!
Speak to American's needs, education, the unborn, economy, the failure of Obama care, things for citizens. Priorities are out of touch.
I'm gonna have to respectfully disagree with you.
Uh, nope! Not Americans, Dianne! You can say that over and over, won't make it true! You're just after votes..and that's just sad!
So, you're saying we can break federal laws we don't like? Does this mean I don't have to pay taxes?
Trust in God, Trust in your President.
Hahaaa! They are not American born, they need to apply for legal papers instead to demand for papers to stay in America.
They should be here legally...
.
This American dreams immigrants will follow the law and proper procedures and our elected officials will uphold our laws of be voted out.
No every American is our future stop the pandering gosh you want to make me puke.
Not
Thanks for the sentiment @SenFeinstein but we need more. What specifically are your actions? #DoSomethingDiane #DefendDACA #toomuchtalk
@SenKamalaHarris @NancyPelosi  San Francisco is counting on your leadership.  Can we turn up the heat on 45 - he has got to go
USA students are our future. Americans first. Illegals get free college?
if you only felt the same about our natural born American children.
You act as if they are our sole future. Says a lot about what you think of ordinary Americans. Nothing good. When illegals are the future?
1)They are NOT citizens. They are children of illegal immigrants. It's not their fault that they are illegal but it's still the case.
2)We can't keep protecting these people. When someone comes to our country illegally, that's all they know how to do. Break our laws.
3)It's just like if a child grows up in an abusive household. It's normalized to them so that's all they know. They'll be abusive.
Native birth rates are too low to keep the economy running
What makes them so special? Could it be that you like to exploit there cheep labor?
Dreamers should wake up and become citizens. Like millions have before them.
Thank you!
Sen. Feinstein: DACA is not our future. Or future is the return of the rule of law Our place in this world as the moral & economic leader.
They're not citizens though?
I'm your future, and I can't afford to go to college. Do something about that. That's an order.
You are an elected Senator? No. If you pay taxes, you're American. Otherwise it is wealth redistribution. Retire.
Aaaaaaand you've lost it.
Your statement is a slap in the face and an "F You"  to every immigrant who came to this country legally & each natural citizens.
Oh please!
but they are still law breakers
so are the legal kids.
Dreamers are not our future.  Americans are our future.  If dreamers want to be citizens, how about you sponsoring them to become citizens.
This is the exact attitude that is the problem with the Dem party, the Republicans stopped business as usual simply
Impeach Trump or else: Top Democrat pays price for urging ‘patience’ with the president http://bit.ly/2ezuuKy  
because we had a black President, and you are already accepting a CRIMINAL AS PRESIDENT???????? WHAT???? THIS IS THE PROBLEM WITH DEMS!!!
WE NEED ALL NEW LEADERSHIP! THIS IS ABSOLUTELY FRICKIN RIDICULOUS!! JUST ROLLING OVER AN ACCEPTING A CRIMINAL POTUS????? HOW ABOUT YOU GROW
A SPINE LIKE THE GOP DID AND BLOCK ANY AND ALL GOVERNMENTAL ACTION WHEN HE IS PROSECUTED!! Your days in the Senate are numbered. TIME TO
LEARN???? TIME TO LEARN??????? YOU ARE ALL DELUSIONAL RICH PEOPLE WHO LIVE IN A BUBBLE WITH ZERO REGARD FOR THE REAL WORLD!!!!!
#defendDACA #defendDACA #defendDACA #defendDACA #defendDACA #defendDACA #defendDACA #defendDACA #defendDACA #defendDACA #defendDACA
"in every way that matters" is a lawyers trick. Then you go on to parse which ways matter. truth is everything matters.
"Be patient with Trump" - ballgame - bye!
You need to concentrate on American Citizens first!!!
Hello dear
RETIRE Feinstein, you're a washed up has been.  America first and therefore AMERICANS FIRST.
You had 8 years to give them a path. Why did you fail them then?
We're good, thanks.
Citizenship doesn't matter to democrats now?  The left picks and chooses laws they like... no wonder the brand of the democrats is lawless
Hasn't written a  bill, lol. Too busy  Trump's and " being patient w/Trump" she's tweeting this while fams e scared, hiding& being torn
Then stand up to Trump & stop defending him. #NoPatienceForYrump
No, American Children are our Future!!!
Riiiiiiiight...
Nah they aren't
'American in every way that matters' except the fact that they're citizens of another country...what great logic from this genius
Senator: Legal dreamers are and have been great.
Have you created a bill yet to save DACA?
Except being here legally!
What? Whose lawful? votes are you representing in the Senate when pushing for a future America defined by the progeny of illegal immigrants?
Irrespective of humanitarianism, surely in DEMOCRACY American parents are entitled to Senators who envisage a future for their own children.
Wished you cared about americans and healthcare like this.
The only problem is they are not citizens they can not vote start looking out for the ones that can vote THAT'S YOUR JOB
Unless of course this is an admission of mass Democrat voter fraud suspected in California and a blatant appeal to the illegal voting bloc.
What a hypocrite. You are in charge of the laws of this country. If you want dreamers pass a law!
Agreed with whole heart.
Yes they are Senator and we a very fortunate to have then. Funny that they are exactly the type of person the trump admin wants in.
They speak English, don't cause problems, are educating themselves, work hard and would bring awesome work force to our country.hmm
But hey, citizens don't deserve the American dream anymore right?

Provide the youth drugs while we continue to fly it in. #AmericanDream
DACA is unconstitutional, do we the people even have a say as to whom may enter our nation?
If you can tell me what article in the Constitution it violates,  well, there are A LOT of "IF'S" in that sentence
Have you read our constitution?

The Fed government authority is layed out.

Why didn't Congress make it law?
Apparently we should disband the Senate since you're laws that you pass don't matter.
Nice that she is fighting for dreamers, but I am with Cenq here.
Being civil is SO IMPORTANT for establishment Democrats, despite the monster currently in office. 
98 percent of the country disagrees with you on that! So out of touch with America!
98 percent. HA HA HA. Don't believe that news source cuz' that there is a flat out lie.
and youre not dramatizing?
You like dreamers, but will not vote for Kate's law. Being 80'years old has really effected your judgement. Very sad for Americans.
Write a bill
Let's keep the ones that have made the most of the opportunity and send the ones hoping for change back.
Everyway that matters except one. They are not  american citizens. Seems like a pretty important one on the list.
Diane. Can you grow a pair please. Its a war zone, pick up the gauntlet already
Who gets labeled an Illegal?
Don't save DACA until democrats secure boarder and enforce immigration laws.
You spelled illegals wrong
#saveDACA #Dreamers
Miss Feinstein you have no future people realize all you are is a bottom feeder taking the money from people that care about America
You mean the law doesn't matter?  Well, I guess none of them do.  Empty the Prisons
Except they came here illegally. If we are a country where the laws the legislature you are in matter anarchy is not our future.
#DACA 'kids' couldn't take the time to apply for citizenship. They won't take the time to vote for you @DianneFeinstein
Except, you know, legally, morally, actually, or in any way at all. Illegals cheat leagal immigrants. Dems don't really care, just liars.
No they aren't.If they were,they would have applied for citizenship under #DACA. (And don't mention the "Dreamers" who've committed crimes!)
It's time for the American People to come 1st you're talking about illegals. They can come here legally or not at all @realDonaldTrump
American's are our future, start support them. dianne fake-stein you live off the govt dime hypocrite!
I hope not
The American Youth are our future.
If you feel so strongly about it, come up with a legislative solution.
They have but can't get it through the House.
Nope wrong again!!!! Parents needed to come in legally! Too bad u don't fight for the unborn like u do illegals - He knew us b4 we were born
We can see how this plays out. A. Its illegal B. Dems'll insist ALL relatives be allowed, no ?s asked, no checking backgrounds? #SickOfIt
What about the children born here living in poverty, they should have a chance to be #DREAMERS first!!!
Every time we try to help children born here living in poverty the republicans call it socialism and block it, so.
Please Senator Feinstein, try and help the Dreamers!!
We are a nation of immigrants. What's wrong with Greedy Old Punks? Remember the Statue of Liberty?
Being an American Citizen doesn't matter anymore? #MAGA
#DeportDACA
You should take down the "Christian" emoji. Put Christ back in Christian & ask WWJD?
Go gets your screws adjusted Bot @stacymiddleton1 and @SenFeinstein start looking for a job
it is ok to stand up to @realDonaldTrump https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Crd9sit_iM0 … @KamalaHarris @RepAdamSchiff @RepThompson @TheYoungTurks @IndivisibleTeam
Lady  
Don't you think it's time to hang it upSeriously,you are old and not well. And- you are wrong on DACA. Don't go down with DEEP STATE
NO! they aren't our future!!
