You care about everyone's dreams EXCEPT Americans. You are a shame to America! 
They STEAL jobs!
All of the reports indicate they do not take American born jobs.
Oh I'm sorry, are they working for Canadian jobs but just happen to be living in America? No! Hence taking AMERICAN jobs.
most dreamers are in college or military. Studies show  when they work, there are still jobs available for you.
That is an outright LIE!Most r not in either place!& if they r in college they r taking more&s'more as WE taxpayers r paying for it!
Feinstein wants votes she don't give a damn for Americans or DACA! Just power!
Don't think Racist Sessions Gives a Fck Pretty Much Made that Clear!
He is not a racist
Yes,He Absolutely is ,He's also #TrumpsPuppet and #PutinsWhore
No when democrats can think of nothing else to say they call southerners racists. I feel sorry for you. You are a miserable person!!!
And he is my president!
Feinstein wants to be reelected so she can continue 2 award state jobs to her HUSBAND's company. Should be illegal to do that!!!

where do you get your info from, no they don't what they have done is taken over AMERICAN no spanish no Job, they dare near killed my son
Such a nice Christian thing to say.  
not as hateful as you look at my post mam, it was to Mrs Fienstein who was just nasty toward the President  nothing with black me
Go build your own Taco Bells in Mexico
Sessions has refused to answer questions claiming Executive privilege, his oath was to defend the Constitution, not the President.
Your talking about defending the constitution to a democrat?    A democrat no less determined to shred its rights from citizens.
?? what is she shredding in your opinion?
Ever heard of the second amendment ?
Yes and I support it too. It sounds like a threat from you right now.  Is it?
What's a threat.  How am I threatening anyone or anything?   Because I oppose your viewpoint?
Asking about gun rights when we are involved in a disagreement could easily b misinterpreted. I stand by all constitutional rights.
Lmao. are you serious?  Or are you truly that delusions.   You ask what right she was shredding. And I answered your question.  Nice try....
Sen change the word from we should to we must...continuity is what will make America great again
We should relinquish our sovereignty to felons why?
Because by doing so it ensures power to the Democratic Party......  
#DeportThemAll they are illegal aliens who have broken the law and legally must be deported #TermLimits no more career politicians
Extend open arms, and allow them to return here legally.
.@SenFeinstein We can't win by debating on their terms (good kids/bad illegal kids).  REAL issue: blocking 700K new Latinx voters. #DACA
The problem can be fixed so fix it
They broke the law, end of story. When I got into legal trouble there was no Act of Congress to absolve me of the crime.
R U kidding?MOST of us DO NOT believe dreamers should get any special consideration.They must go back 2 their families in Mexico&get in line
find a way to pay for them or send them home.  Maybe your buddy, @georgesoros can pay for them.
Don't worry about getting across your point. @realDonaldTrump base won't permit to happen.
She hasn't had a valid point in decades. She is an anti American globalist that wants to kill the US.
My Father was an immigrant from Ireland in 1912. He served in WWII and worked hard all his life. Give these children a chance to shine, too.
Too bad you aren't as committed to your citizen constituents.
It would be nice if you stood by Americans and not illegal aliens.
I'm a republican now and I say kids that been here for years do it for them but not for people who come after a certain time line illegal
"Dreamers" r nothing more than anchor kids for their illegal alien families in an attempt to get amnesty!U only want them so they can VOTE4U
@HouseFloor @SenateFloor @USSupremeCourt The DREAM Act passably screens with reference to immigration reform.
Dreamers show our countries inability to follow our laws deport them all and follow the law
It's obvious she didn't read this stuff
So it's okay for white people to come here as long as they pay and do it the right way
Hahahahaha!
Senator, you have your facts wrong!  Dreamers are no more special than any other immigrant group; they are worse!  NO AMNESTY
ok pass #DACA but no #dreamers can EVER sponsor a parent 2 be in US legally. No reward 4 breaking the law. No welfare benefits for dreamers
I agree with you but it's to bad that i think Sessions is with Trump on this issue!!
Yeah! Welcome to the club. Although, wasn’t it just a few weeks ago you said DACA was on “shaky legal ground?”
We're all rather sick and tired of now adult illegals refusing to legalize within the law. The desires of the few over needs of the people
Globalism first Elites vs America First Trump
Our AMERICAN CITIZEN CHILDREN are the American Dreamers not ILLEGALS. DEPORT and have them come back legally! You were elected to protect our AMERICAN CHILDREN!

Deport them all. There is a legal way to become a citizen. What don't you understand about that? #DeportThemAll
No we don’t!! Illegal is Illegal
American spirit built by generations who came LEGALLY & respected rules
lawlessness is what people flee when they come here
#DACA
#Dreamers
No we should not yes they got screwed by their parents but freedom here isn't free@nomorefreeridesforillegals
Nurse! Take Dianne back to her room!
Illegal Aliens are 4 Politcal manipulation 2rule with more power. IT'S ALL ABOUT RULING POWER. There's not a moral fiber to this. It's abuse
Dreamers are Future Democrat Voters. If Dreamers voted Republican, U can bet ur ass no Democrat would want these so called Dreamers
Thank you @SenFeinstein for working so hard to keep them straight! I only hope your hard work pays off.  Loosing hope
No Seneator they don't
If you cared; You shouldn't have lied and misled their parents for votes. Its your fault & its your parties fault that they will suffer.
US Senator standing by criminals?!
All due respect to @SenFeinstein , HOW will you do this thing (stand by DACA recipients) that you say “should” be done?
I never thought I would see a US Senator stand for a group of people because of their criminal activity.
And once again you're talking about illegal are you that stupid you don't understand it illegal look it up illegal
Don't worry Daniel. Dinosaur Dianne stands by you.
Or kill them with opioids you legalized into distribution,
American spirit?
Do us a favor and shut your dam mouth
Senator - do your job to effect legislation to “protect” the dreamers. Telling us that you told the AG does little to get such legislation.
Are you able to get S1615, the Dream Act of 2017 passed? The sooner the better; have to believe there's bipartisan support; please do it!!
Anchor babies is the correct term. Stop it now
Inviting Illegal Aliens into California then act like they must be Citizen's is not in the best interest of this country. #FOLLOWTHELAW
That is the truth. At one time or another our Fathers  - Mothers came to America for a brighter future.  . .⚘⚘
But they were willing to bust their asses to make it happen.  They didn't expect anything handed to them as "entitlements"
U should want 2get right with Americans &stand with America Indian tribes 1 before u stand with illegalsshameful u want 2praise lawlessness
Immigration is your responsibility. Not the executive branch. Do you understand the constitution
And yet they caught smuggle other illegals in and been caught killing Americans and Domestic Violence is up  Americans before Illegal's
#Dreamers are illegal aliens. Deport them. They should not have been here in the first place.  Get rid of them.
Ms. Feinstein: Have any of the DREAMERS ever applied for US Citizenship?
Stop jackin sen. Harris platform. You have not been at any of the rallies for DACA
Why don't you standby the American people
Listen Skeletor, you want rights for illegals and to limit rights of citizens. You are a danger to this country and it's founding principles
What about Americans and legal immigrants of same age and ed  they are “dreamers” why should they not be first in line for jobs, etc
NO
Thank you Senator Feinstein! Need Fast Track To Citizenship provision for vetted Dreamers! They should have legal documents in hand today!
Talking is cheap doing something is what matters DO SOMETHING about it
Yes, we should let dreamers take jobs from citizens because they're making positive contributions... unlike those pesky lazy citizens
Keep them in the US because Dems want those VOTES & not for humanitarian reasons.
Is it law?
bla bla bla bla......
How about we keep the Dreamers and instead put Sessions in jail for perjury and collusion?
Has #Dreamers been defined? Who are they as a group? What overall contributions has this group accomplished? How many people are there?

Grassley should be investigated for complicity to obstruct.
These investigative commissions headed by Republicans like Grassley are a sham.
Seems every time a witness stumbles Grassley acts as defense atty.
It really is a joke. The Republicans are so dishonest and corrupt.
I’m trying my best not to generalize
Thank Dianne. Well spoken. I honor your years of service to our State & country but respectfully ask you to not seek another term. Make why for the next generation
If we would have had the wall completed we wouldn't even be talking about this stuff today
We should build the wall that the Democrats and the Republicans started. Let's get it finished.
What about all the criminal dreamers? Stop this bullshit Senator.
How exactly does a body of foreign citizens smuggled in by their parents embody the American spirit?
So you are willing to steal education, healthcare and jobs from legitimate American citizens, how treasonous of you!
You don't give.. You don't get
And you should be retired!!
IT is not USA's Constitutional position to harbor, promote, fund, & advocate for ILLEGAL behavior BY ANY COUNTRY for any purpose. END DACA!
Vote her out!!
They are illegal aliens. Why do you promote the lives of illegals over the ambitions and rights of citizens..taking citizen jobs and income?
With proper vetting. That is all they are asking
I believe that is for the people of America to decide, remember you work for us
Yes stand by illegals but screw Americans!!!!!!!
Pretty sure the families of the murdered victims of some of the “Dreamers” don’t agree. Although MS 13 enjoyed growth due to policy. Fool.



ITS ON U NOW!



I'd stand by a #dreamer 
never for a trump
Please keep up the fight for basic freedoms
Basic freedom for whom? She has not represented America or our people for decades.
what about American dreamers?  Why the hell are our children always ignored in favor of known law breaking individuals? WHY???
You could have passed a bill in 2008 to make them citizens.
Do you see what half-assed measures result in?
Bull shit @SenFeinstein is a crook working for all Jews lobbyists
But NO chain migration! US citizens have already paid for the education of DACA illegals! STOP THIS!
so out of touch she thinks illegal aliens embody the American spirit.really good drugs in ca i guess.
feinstein&pelosi are the best cases for term limits.just realized feinstein almost rhymes with weinstein.possible connection?probably not.
No!!!
That doesn't mean they deserve 'citizenship'
Then by all means pass a law ensuring it, Dianne. That's Congress' job, remember?
Dreamers were the Americans who had their careers outsourced for an agenda by those sent to represent our interest aka the Deplorable's
What about the contributing Americans Feinstein when you begin to take care of us you'll have plenty of votes
Thank you.
She full of B.S. Want a voting block!
What about the ones that started fires in your home state of California?
Thank you Sen.! Please vote NO on any Rep tax plan- all are just cuts for rich only! 92653-5769 voter Counting on you!
Yes and we know how well poor people create jobs and economic growth. Perhaps an education would benefit you.
@SenFeinstein 
We don't care what have to say!
They’re not citizens. Ignorance of the law isn’t an excuse. They have had plenty of time to become legal and haven’t! They have to go back!
Sen Feinstein, you are not fit to be senator because you and others support illegal aliens over citizens.  You must be voted out of office.
It is so true and we support the dreamers ...they only have us who understand
So your pro felons? How about the rest of us getting rewarded for criminal behaviors?  That's true equality.
Dreamers are not criminals ..no crime committed.It is a civil offense
Send them home !!
DACA people thanking Feinstein for her support.
By them who are already here - no more FUTURE DACA AND ALL CHAIN IMMIGRATION ENDS - those who came from DACA GO BACK
Your unsubstantiated liberal drivel is duly noted. Perhaps an education would help you realize that nothing you said is true.
Let's stand by our veterans, homeless, elderly and American citizen DREAMERS.
And Sessions said
Give me a break
Protect Americans before illegals please. Thank you!
She will lose
