Protecting #DACA recipients isn’t a matter of politics or economics. It’s about what’s right as Americans and human beings. #HereToStay
Well, then, Senator, do your job.
Non-US citizens deserve nothing.

And it is people like YOU who played with their lives by ignoring the very laws you are responsible for.
Raw sewage/industrial waste flows daily into ca from Mex. 240 MILLION GALS in Mar what have you done to fix the problem? No help to fix prob
Send #Mexico a bunch of raw sewage. Ship every Mexican in a #US jail bck to Mexico. @realDonaldTrump
There are only two certainties in life first there are no guarantees in life that's a (certain) second everyone dies that's a (certain) .
No they trusted OBAMA! A very FOOLISH thing to do. If they want to stay here, then apply for citizenship. Otherwise, LEAVE.
It was Obama not the government you pompous ass
Too many DACA recipients are not compliant.   Checks and balances should be put in place.
Diane you all started this. Why didn't you make it permanent. Stop blaming the President and his government. You circumvent the constitution
##DACA itself provides no certainty, merely grants a short stay in deportation. Otherwise, recipients wouldn't be worried now.
Daca is illegal ! Not a law just the swipe of a pen ! Nothing was done by government to trust or not trust, we trusted .Gov to protect Jobs
Stop dragging your feet if you care so much which is so nice maybe you can take in a few .that would show me you really care    Doubt it
then ship their asses now. It's not our job to be welfare for other countries.
Maybe they can be classified as refugees and another country can take them in.
Why do you care more about illegals than American citizens?
She love their illegal votes?  DEMS are trying to keep their voter base which is fading away
You failed when you (& Congress) allowed the E.O. to be signed and then provided funding for the unconstitutional program.
license plates GKF1858 vin# 1FT7W2BT1FED65086 Ford F-250 2015 year model
Indeed it's a human you are playing with. What's wrong is wrong. Make a decision and then stay on track even if it's unpopular but make it.
The government...Obama....lied
I deserve some certainty as well.  Like... how are you going to solve the $20,000,000,000,000 in debt without raising my taxes a dime.
SMH. Obama said it was temporary. You did nothing to fix it. Do your job!
You are a HACK!
They trusted a lie, told for political reasons, by a fraud who knew it wasn't legal, viewed them as pawns. This is on #obama
Correction : They trusted a treasonous president. It's like a bank robber trusting a drug addict.
If you really cared and not for political BS then DACA deserved your attention when  Nobama brought it to Congress  5 years ago!
They trusted their parents and Obama! Congress had nothing to do with it otherwise it would have been passed!
Then do your job as a legislator and introduce a bill?  Please omit your anti-Catholic bigotry in the process
Why the rush NOW? Why was nothing done when obama overstepped with CRUEL HOPE? WHY WAS NOTHING DONE THEN? SHAME ON ALL OF YOU!!!
That's up to you so get to work or shut up
Dianne the Swamp Queen is now protecting illegals and forgetting real Americans
So get to work!  And, thank you.
Where have you all been for 10+ yrs? Now it's urgent.....
Mien Kampf trump going use DACA &people;s lives 2 get his wall!
what next wave of dreamers what then?? got have real immigration law and enforcement too
No law EO was temporary and families broke r laws

Yes
Are you joining forces with @SenKamalaHarris and @CardenasforCA ?
Feinstein you and your gang are not trustworthy not to mention your gang is unconstitutional
then why havent you done anything in all the years you have been a senator, too busy loading your pockets at their expense?
Trusted Obama who was untrustworthy.
You support illegals before American! Your a fool!
Then you probably shouldn't have bided your time, sitting on your wrinkly tush waiting until it expired to piss & moan about it.
Senator, your time has passed! You need to step aside for younger blood. You could help the Dem party strategize a win in 2018 and 2020!
They broke our laws or they wouldn't be here. They're playing with their own lives.
Agreed. Does 45 honestly think if he puts off his decision for 6 months we will keep him around for 6 months to make that decision? #HATEFUL
So get to work and draft a bill today!  #daca
It's time the people start showing they all care Humanity...
Then pass a law.  You guys have been sitting on your duff for 10 years.  If there's any uncertainity, it's because you didn't act.
Yes, Congress needs to finally handle this!
Do your job and find a solution!
Why haven't you done something about it??? You've been in the senate many years and now you blame @POTUS whose been there 8 months? Shame!
que bueno que se acuerden de los jòvenes
They don't "deserve" anything, Dianne. Obama's political ploy to skew demographics looks to be another failure for the Dems. Adios illegals!
Typical Republican ploy whereby they shake people up, making them nervous, and cause them to lose all confidence in their futures.
They deserved certainty when obama circumvented the law. He didnt give it to them then, now u spin 2 make everything trumps fault.  Sad.
You had plenty of time to do your job to protect those in the DACA program. Why so urgent today? Shame on you!!!!!
-So Dianne, stop talking, U R supposed to be part of the solution. You can only point UR finger at yourself for inaction & incompetence!
but thats what the republicans do best..they play with all 0f our lives...
healthcare, the environment, immigration..its all a money game
then why when Obama signed the EO didn't you all start working on this issue then, why go on vacation with this issue still out there,work
Maybe if you did you job, instead of flapping your gums, this would not have happened!
They had faith in a unconstitutional act by Obama!  And it's time for the American citizens to call congress and tell them NO amnesty!
DACA recipients should be thoroughly vetted and all who have committed felonies deported, period.
Senator, if that's the way you feel make it happen in Congress. It's time for you and the other elected officials to do what your paid to do
Just think if President obama didnt make this an executive order. It was working for 5 presidents before he put it on paper.
Congress makes law,not the president, do your damn job,you're  out of touch with what American's want
Senator feinstine Obama was known as the deporter and chief
Why did Obama not do it correctly president Trump is doing it by the law
They trusted the #Obama, not the entire gov. The #Congress can't make up theor minds or negotiate legislation
Through these fusion centers the FBI gets local and state law enforcement to harass individuals from NSA info
FBI uses the NSA eavesdropping program You approved to harass citizens Through Fusion centers through out the U.S.
We all trusted the US government including You senator You approved the NSA eavesdropping program
FBI has clout with Tx state district judges can put phone call to sheriff dept and get squad cars harass any individual
Then you should have done your job a long time ago
Give it to them then. Just make sure you thoroughly vetted those you allow to stay. Open borders are not good.
This is the price we pay for not following the law. If you don't like it change it or follow it.
How come u couldn't tell obama not to create the illegal unconstitutional crisis that has got to this point
He's responding to an illegal executive order.
Congress could vote tomorrow. You're in congress. Make it happen.
True. #Dreamers deserved #DACA when President Obama proposed it initially. Why is @SpeakerRyan (and others) willing now, but not then?
Seems pretty clear. The law says a person cannot enter and stay in the country illegally
Obama used an EO to illegally alter a law.  Trump reversed it to force CONGRESS to do YOUR JOB!
Then give Trump his wall and stop playing games
You and Obama had years to do DACA laws! Now you are blaming this President for your incompetence. You are a fraud !
What like Obama did? He didn't put it in congress while he had Libs in Senate & house! Now POTUS GAVE IT 2 YOU!! Stop Russia  get 2 work!
Its a moral thing & if you are religious...
Matthew 25:
35 I was a stranger and you invited me in,
36 I was sick and you looked after me
They PAY TAXES, have  TROUBLE w/ LAW, SERVE r MILITARY, SHOW CHARITY 2 others, WORK 4 Greater good. DT DOES NOT. DreamersAmerican than 45
You have power to make the law. Please set aside rhetoric, roll up sleeves, work across party lines, get job done. Sick of party politics.
American citizens deserve to have elected representatives who represent OUR interests, not those of illegals, Chamber of Commerce, etc.
Their own parents were the ones who did that when they entered our country illegally with them
I agree but I think our government needs to start admitting they aren't trustworthy
Why didn't Congress do something during the last 5 years about DACA?
The best certainty we can give them is to end DACA now. Give them a choice become a citizen or plan on moving out.
Thank you 
President has a lot on his plate, like a city under water. Why don't you do something?
Well you have 6 months to fix the laws that you created and Trump may enforce in 6 months.
Then I guess you people better stay late and get some work done.
Barry said it was temporary.  Alzheimers?
listen to Rahm Emanuel. My goodness why is it cruel to speak truth. Instead you people keep lying and promising things you can't deliver.
They trusted you democrat liars
Hey Senile Old Woman, It is up to Congress now or you're really that far gone?
What's the plan, Dianne?
Her plan is to blame President Trump for her failure. Also attacked a judge for being a Catholic. Time for her White Hood.
what are our senators doing about it? We NEED our DEMS in power to act. Aggressively!!! #democrat   #DACA #resist
Like U alls she knows how 2 do is resist and Russia Russia Russia!!
riiiiiiight. Sure thing.
I concur with you 100%
Stop playing with the lives of American citizens!
Democrats only want them for their votes. That's why Democrats always give HUGE AMNESTYs At the very least the criminals should not be here
Then what is it that the LEGAL American Citizens deserve, senator?
What about the 1 out of 30 homeless American children?
It's 18-26 yr olds regarding green cards and to congress for a disposition. No deportations in the near future.  What's the better g deal!?
Wish you were that passionate about health care and taxes.
Trump's president because America doesn't trust the political whores who sold them out. Illegals over citizens for votes is just part of it
We trusted our government and all we got was lousy obamacare and more taxes. Stop playing with our lives!
What R U smoking?Obama screwed this up along w/their parents.THEY should B responsible 2 GET LEGAL! Trump did right giving issue 2 Congress!
Pass Raise Act with E-Verify and i'm sure the GOP will support the amnesty for DACA. Amnesty with no enforcement measures equals no deal.
Do you mean like obama did?
Thank you for always using your voice to speak up on behalf of those who need and deserve our protection. #DACA #heretostay
Would not TRUST ANY1 IN POLITICS!  Including UR out 4 herself! U protect HILLARY WHO CHEATED GETTING ANSWERS 4 debates! Then blames SANDERS
We, the actual American citizens, once trusted our government. The government has broken the trust. Enforce the law, end DACA.
Get Congress to do their job then how simple is that
Trump isn't playing. He wants to kick out and keep out any "non-whites" that he can.
Stupid, irrational, ridiculous comment.
I agree. Trump is all of those things and more.
No, the trusted obama and the democrats. That's always a bad choice.
#Dogmainyourheart
Remember this ?
Don't pass it off...you now have the opportunity to do something. Let's see if you do it? I doubt you will.
Nice. Kinda wish you would help with Vets, U.S. citizens with as much enthusiasm as you do for illegals 
Why have they not applied for citizenship all the years living here? Pass a law Congress. Its Your job not Pres. He eants to make it right!
Well, you and your fellow politicians should have changed the LAW.  The executive branch enforces the laws.   Don't blame this on Trump
Isn't this in your job classification to pass legislation to help these poor people.  If it is too much for you, leave it for the president.
They trusted liars. All these sanctuary states and cities are continuing to lie.
Vicente Fox, former President of Mexico, tweets the true purpose of illegal immigration - to take over America.
Deferred means that action is delayed till later...not that it will never occur.
Why don't we talk about making sure Real Americans and LEGAL Immigrants are protected.   Can we do that Senator?  Huh?
It's time to send them home. They're not children they're adults. Do you ever plan on putting American Children 1st?
Amen!!
One of many mistakes. Trusting Obama
U & Obama should have worked with Congress to write a new immigration bill. Obama was lazy & used exec order.. Even O said it was temporary
No they don't. we have a RIGHT as a country to control #humanmigration and decide how to handle inflow of humans 4 many reasons (wages, etc)
DACAs can return to mother community, be pioneers and nation build. DACAs can say thank you for USA charity.
They had 8 years to become citizens, so they can wait another 6 months, even if YOU can't wait for their votes.
And Americans don't deserve protection of their rights?
This NOT @realDonaldTrump fault- @BarackObama admits wrong 4way he handled / This is CONGRESS matter &they should Make LAWS!  #DoUrJob
This is not @realDonaldTrump fault. @BarackObama screwed this up &he admits it #StandInLine
Maybe Obama should have thought about that too. Ur words are wind lady, as usual.
Then do your flipping job!!
#LAWSMATTER
Then you should have done your job years ago! If I rob a bank today (u know against the law), I shouldn't be prosecuted. Same difference.
Yes, something illegal to begin with should be kept... Because #VirtueSignalling
They trusted obama!!!
Their mistake!
Americans Killed By 'Dreamers': 'What About My Daughter's Dreams?' http://voiceofamericatoday.com/2017/09/05/americans-killed-dreamers-daughters/ …
If they are not here legally they need to go back to their native country. We are not here to pay for everything they get and don't pay tax
Wow! Look at you calling the kettle black! Whoever trusted you and your Dem cronies have been totally duped. What about legal citizens?
I agree .. so its better tonput words into action senator ...
Send the freeloaders HOME!!! Tired of paying the way for alien freeloaders and our own children can't afford college.
You STOP Playing & Lying STOP trying to divide We are all Americans We are united
#Daca Applicants keep their status & complete the process. Don't believe the Lies Democrats tell you . Watch  #ThursdayThoughts 
Wish you were in this big of a hurry about issues affecting citizens. ACA has needed fixing for 7 yrs. Guess it isn't as good of a photo opp
U know Obamas 2012 order was ILLEGAL and temp, always belonged in congress NEVER should have been a WH order - work w/congress w/ respect
Good times. Lol
We don't need reform. Law already on the books. Just enforce the damn law. Simple.
That's asking to much of @SenFeinstein.  She keeps draining the Hell out of her California citizens and giving it to her Beloved ILLEGALS.
MILLIONS AMERICANS HAVE BEEN WAITING YEARS FOR TAX REFORM - TIME  TO ACT FOR THE PPL WHO PUT YOU IN OFFICE LADY OR WE CAN TAKE U OUT
Why are Mexican citizens US Taxpayer issue? End DACA! US Tax$ are NOT entitlements! Hold Mexico accountable! Protest to Nieto! Not Here!
Why didn't you help them yrs ago instead of kicking can down the road. Illegal law by Obama. Blame is all yours. TRUMP will fix this.
Obama and congress had YEARS to stop playing with their lives but passing rape healthcare was more important.
Again, they played with their own lives.  If they wanted certainty then they should have obeyed immigration laws to begin with.
They played with their lives. They had time to start the legal process.
What we need is immigration reform
What need is to start Enforcing our Federal Immigration laws.  

#ENDDACA 
#BuildThatWall 
#Deportillegals
Senator, I am so grateful for your support! God BLESS YOU!
The dogma lives loudly within you and that's a concern.
It's YOUR job!!!  Why haven't you gotten it done!!
This coming from somebody who said daca was on shaky ground
Senator @SenFeinstein, you always get it right! Thanks for your diligence & dedication to all Americans regardless how or when they arrived.
Feinstein has never gotten it right. Poor lady needs to retire. A drain on our progress.
Well go to work Madam Senator. The President should not just make a law he's allowed to veto it or pass it. Legislative act, not Executive.
Obama is here to be blame! Trump is just fixing everything Obama broke in the course of 8 years!!!  Daca only promoted illegal immigration!
Say it load and clear. How right you are!
Load???  Should have said that to your precious Obama!!
