Stop talking for "all" women. It's getting tiresome...
well, we're not getting that are we...
if it was a dem president they would turn every rock over to find dirt. He's income tax his businesses what makes him special
California wants a senator who is not a senile partisan hack. Guess we don't all get what we want. #whyyoulost
I'm a woman n I    @SenatorSessions 
Stop using the woman and race cards. I know you are lying and that u r NOT honest!#MAGA
please name one thing Sessions would do to issues women value. I'll wait...
People of America Have a CONSTITUTION get on the Phone & Protect IT for All of US.  It does not say we need Judicial Approval
Hope you'll vote~ you've missed a few!
I support your position, I am one or your constituents.
BRAVO!!!!
we're watching your votes Diane..
@melsil  Another poster child for term limits.
Stop segregating women.  You know women don't all think alike and don't all think like you. Woman card didn't work for HRC.
there is plenty of laws on the books and women already have equality. he is a defender of law. you folks lost get over it.
thank you for voting no against the sessions' nomination. We're with you!
what issues? Lay done then regret it then abort a consensual choice but deny the fathers rights!
Thank you and the other Dem Senators for trying so hard to get these nominations voted down. We appreciate your efforts!
guess we will find out
Thank you for your principled resistance.
investigate trump all he doing is distracting all from seeing what he's really doing.
Clearly not Sessions
Like to see a bit more action in safeguarding our environment~
we want a No vote on Sessions!
irrelevant
haha. Divide and conquer. The liberal way. are you gonna use blacks next?
Thank You Senator Feinstein
Sore Loser
thank you for trying, Dianne!
Will you stand up for Ivanka Trump?
It's not male, female, black, white, brown etc. We are one United States. Stop dividing us. 8 years of this crap must stop
here we go the treat for America of course if I'm Muslim all people get mad what the president doing to them
worried that all the R have been bought off in one form or another. No matter what Dem do their getting confirmed.
yes!
Funny how all the white ppl (men & women) have no problem with racist Sessions. Vote No!!!

people of CA tired of tax $ going for gov that does not support or respect us- keep our tax dollars in state
please continue to obstruct #Trump and the #GOP at every turn! #NotMyPresidentTrump
I have been trying to reach you be phone for 2 weeks now with absolutely no response and I am only getting busy signals!
shouldn't the AG stand up for the constitution and rule of law? If law is wrong then change it.
Just told Sen Harris to #Resist&Persist. We got your back. (95125)
when will the people say enough is enough and call him out if it were anyone else there career would be over impeach trump no
not just women.  Men too.  #nosessionsforag
I remember when trump said he could shut someone in the middle of the street in NY and no one would do anything it's com true
I vote for Sessions
Neither are you Senator #MAGA
Same for a Supreme Court justice.
I want an AG that will universally enforce the constitution regardless of who they are or friends they have! #feminismiscancer
Thank you!
Does that mean you'll be voting "no," @SenFeinstein and upholding our values as Democrats?
yes - THANK YOU!
Vote NO.
women are not a voting block please don't lump us all together I have no issue with sessions
Please, what have you done for us women in California? Nothing, Right?
Thank you!
And you have no idea how many times you 're being  stupid about gun control has almost gotten me killed.
.@SenFeinstein If Congress is going to muzzle anyone who speaks against him (@SenWarren ) how do we keep him from getting appointed??
I would be interested in knowing why you say that.
I am so tired of women this...women that. Let's just come together and get whole country running. Sessions is good candidate.
I appreciate you taking a stand on this issue.  Now do the same for all other noms.  You have been giving WAY TOO much leeway
Please say no to all appointments.  None of the nominees are appropriate or qualified and we elected YOU to speak for US!
thats the spirit!
Thank you from another constituent. I called your Fresno office about this very issue. Nice to feel that my voice was heard.
Minorities want that, too.  And Sessions isn't the AG for them either.
@SenatorSessions, you are that attorney general for me. Thanks in advance.
This constituent (94110) appreciates and supports your stance on this. Thank you.
