Could have told you we had a real problem three months ago.  Are you just now catching on Dianne ?
USA has a problem. It's President is mentally ill. #resist
Thats bad .
The problem started January 20th...his inauguration.
We have a real problem, regardless.
Didn't Adolph Hitler call his secret police the SS or Gestapo? Maybe Trump will have a clever new name for the FBI when he picks a leader.
You r right! Democracy itself is at risk. McConnell and Ryan are tied up in this. You Must take extraordinary measures! Now
@jasoninthehouse also
We do have a real problem.
It was ok for president Obama to control the DOJ. Which controls the FBI. But not this President. Double standards.
You are friggin idiot!!!
Please keep fighting. The emperor has no clothes and is running amuck.
So kind of like Onama's and Lynch's control over the FBI. You are a hypocrite! Retire already.

Dianne, just so you know, WE HAVE A HUGE PROBLEM!
Trump treats the FBI like they are his employees; rather than the employees of the people. he treats legislators the same way.
That's what you get with "this" fucking businessman/President. Trump thinks he's a dictator.
Trump makes me appreciate every Republican president who has come before him. didn't think that was possible.nonetheless there it is.
Yeah even dubyah!
Dead in #TimesSquare should occupy your conscience Madam @SenFeinstein 'cause you've diverted dozens #FBI on #Russia #witchHunt

#MAGA #ISIS
Good to hear but words are cheap... we need action! #TrumpRussiaCollusion #ImpeachTrump & cohorts
Then your sister Pelosi should step down as speaker so we can get new blood to join you in the fight for Dems and America.
Indeed a problem .! Hopefully you guys will fix the problem before it get out of control ..!
I so so admire @SenFeinstein and she is a fighter

And this is the crap and bullshit we have running the country now. The American public has been duped! This needs to be stopped now!
Exactly. Put the pressure on your Republican colleagues on the Judiciary Committee. Don't let up @SenFeinstein. Obstruction of justice.
@codyharry72 @SenFeinstein You madam, are a joke!
Understatement of the year.
I agree with you but why can't we just say it this Whitehouse this president is corrupt? Lies, fires people who don't fall in line for money
Careful that SenGraham doesn't weasel his way onto this Council to protect Gump. He has been positioning himself to sound bipartisan.
Hang in there Senator. Please build a coalition with Republicans who will stand first for America and put party second.
That's stupid
obsma controlled the FBI IRS DOJ etc etc
Understatement of the week
The gop is protecting a criminal.
Trump picking new FBI director to run investigations could be like Trump picking another mushroom toad like Jeff Sessions .. a weak yes man.
@mdjacksondallas you ppl really need to fix this start getting down and dirty to fight these corrupt ppl
James COMEY failed to perform his duties & interfered in @TheJusticeDept resp9nsibilities. @HillaryClinton needs to defend her frauds
You are an American heroine. Thank you for your diligence.
He does. For sure, proceed accordingly. He's cornered and has shifted to his mob boss personality that made him so much money.
he does. & he thinks Russia & Russians are more important than our IC, FBI, our norms and laws. Now we must ask too why the odd GOP inaction
We already have a big problem. Wake up!
I am so proud that you are my senator.
@BrooksDslbrooks What are you going to do about it !!
#ImpeachConvictImprison
Senator, there is No If.  Stronger language is needed as it looks as if you're afraid to stick your neck out and take a stand.
Then we are living in a dictatorship.
Impeach please!
Thank u @SenFeinstein 4 being a powerful voice in fighting 2 save our democracy. We've been fortunate 2 live a free life, but it's fading.
Trump only succeeded in strengening their resolve to expose The Truth. Only The WHOLE Truth will heal this nation's wounds.
TY Sen. Feinstein for standing up to Trump, speaking truth to power, defending  Const., protecting our democracy.
Pardon me for stating the obvious @SenFeinstein but with trump in the WH we've had a real problem for over a hundred days now.
Sorry about the shut up my life was endangered
Your only worried because now Hillary can be indicted now with Comey gone.
From all accounts, he appears to believe he is above the law. The dragging pace does nothing for anyone except the guilty. 
Well, on that note it seems safe to say ...We have a real problem, Senator.
Thank you Senator Feinstein!
Thank you!! @SenFeinstein so glad I live in CA
NOT HAPPENING 
Hate to break it to you DiFi, but that's EXACTLY what he intends. Just like Nixon when J. Edgar Hoover died (didn't work). Ahh the parallels
DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT. STOP JUST TALKING.
Yap, Yap. Yap..Blah, Blah, Blah..Shit or get outta the way!!!!
We have a real problem.
How can any president control investigations for suspected violations of 18, USC, Public Corruption?
Why is it even necessary for us to defend these points!? It's should be automatically understood!
TERM LIMITS. NO MORE CAREER POLITICIANS!
Senator Feinstein, thank you!
Dear, we have a real problem.
You already have a problem (since election) and it becomes worse.
=> Actually, he intends to replace them with his private security firm . . . govt to be billed monthly . . .
We've had a "real problem" for months. What are you going to do about it?
Why not Obama controlled the Justice dept with Eric Holder
Trump doesn't understand the Constitution and where his power ends. He's a TERRIBLE President!
Like Clinton
Ty, @SenFeinstein for representing CA so well. Please stay diligent and keep them honest.
"If"! He does, and we do have a very real problem! #IndependentInvestigation
Less blah, blah, blah - more action.
Ya think?  D'oh!
Thank you for standing up! What's wrong with the GOP! This is an American problem- treason!
@wtfdoicare33 Sessions needs to go be shouldn't have been involved if he was even a opinion is considered involved getridofhim
The President you are referring to must be Obama, who ordered Loretta Lynch to "stand down" on HRC investigation.
We've definitely got a real problem. There is no check or balance on the POTUS. THAT'S THE PROBLEM.
The FBI has shown a political hand & THAT forces Trump in. We want swamp drained & he has every right to pull Comey.
We already have a problem, the democrats are trying to do the very thing you're accusing the President of.  I wish I could sue you!!!!
Well, out seems to have worked. So now I'm wondering is Comey IS hiding something
Is Comey hiding something now or just adding to the "drum roll" that's sure to come?
Dianne - Comey worked for the Clintons however you never thought that to be a problem???
It's already close to that

bullshit
Thank you Senator. I'm thankful you are fighting for US.
Ca  we get an independent special prosecutor please.
#ImpeachTrumpNow
REMEMBER? Bill Clinton fired FBI Director William Sessions in July 1993 over ethical concerns. FORGOT? COULD BE EARLY DEMENTIA!
Ya think? A real problem? Where ARE you people? None of this is normal. Be alarmed! (Damn, there's nobody fighting for us.)
You have a point. Okay, then, you go first.
You're my hero!
I hope the new director comes after YOUR crooked a$$..!
You are absolutely correct! I just DO NOT understand why @SpeakerRyan @HouseGOP can't (or won't) see it! Must be extremely frustrating.
Trump tweet is threat and malfeasance. Needs to be run out of office by Republicans. Keep the pressure on until Bully In Chief is GONE!
Senator, we have a real problem. NOW.
Come on now you and i both know thats not the plan. However hillary needs locked up
No we've had a real problem for a long time.
Thank you Senator! Keep fighting, our very democracy depends on leaders putting country before Party. #TheResistance
Fast & Furious, IRS targeting, Clapper committing perjury, Bill/Lynch meeting, need I go on?
Terrific senator! Wish they all were like her!
Senator.. Please ask Chuck Grassley why he is leaking classified briefings to Trump and misleading.
Trump says Sen. Grassley assured him Russia probe is a hoax, according to Spicer.
Feinstein , you and your west coast liberal lot are a bunch of loonies.
You and colleagues ON BOTH SIDES OF THE AISLE must #resist at all cost and with haste. Anything less is complicity. #TheResistance
Indeed, we do, Senator.  We are, at this moment, in the midst of a slow burning coup d'état.  #russiagate
Yes.  Please keep the pressure on this maniac
Can you ask Chuck Grassley why he is misleading about TrumpRussia probe?
Trump says he knows from OTHER PEOPLE  that he wasn't under investigation. My strong guess is Chuck Grassley. See his tweets since Jan 2016. 
MCCONNELL RUBIO RYAN ROS LENTHIN CARLOSGIMENEZ CURBELO, PAM BONDI RICK SCOTT RIGGED FL. FOR TRUMP RUBIO ROS CURBELO
@carlhurdmba ILLEGITIMATE THIEVE PENCE CABINET MCCONNELL RYAN RUBIO CHAFFETZ HATCH REPUB ADMINISTRATION WORKING FOR PUTIN
You are our hero! Thank you for your utmost honesty
That is why ,We the people demand an Independent Committee,Now,not tomorrow.Don't be distracted by45.Can't u see he's been doingit lastweeks

You mean like Obama did?
I REALIZE @SenFeinstein already KNOWS all re #kremlinKlan @realDonaldTrump but her understated way of saying crap still makes me CRAZY
My dear Senator, I hope that one day, the senate maj leader is investigated for abuse of power in handling the Garland non-hearing.
We need term limits to protect us from people like you.
Only a wannabe dictator would send a congratulatory letter to Ergodan in Turkey after his successful power grab. IMPEACH TRUMP!!  RISE!!
Well, yeah. Way to go out on a limb there, Sen Feinstein! Keep pushing for that independent prosecutor, please!
It is illegal to secretly tape law enforcement officials who are investigating you.
We do have a problem Demand a Special Prosecutor
You haven't figured it out? Trump intends to be a dictator. Can't you see where he is headed? The GOP is helping him. INACTION=COMPLICITY
M.McConnell said on Obamas inauguration day"We will make him a 1 term president". The GOP obstructed everything he tried to do. He saved us.
You are blinded by your liberal thinking! The person who wanted to control the FBI was James Comey. The only option was to get rid of him!
WoW, no way!! 
NOW, you see a "real problem"? Hmph 
#TrumpTreason #Trumprussia
Hey Dianne, Investigate the Real Russia connection.
Indeed....
"Then" you have a problem? You have a problem now and no one is doing anything about it lol
You mean ANOTHER real problem, don't you, Senator?
Dianne your hypocrisy is going to be your down fall....do the American people a favor and retire, otherwise sit down and be quiet !
The Wonder Woman movie is coming out I hope you feel inspired to show us your are just like her..put on the suit and take it to him!!!
Your so full of it and yourself you get me sick. Why don't you retire you old lying bag.
Of course there is zero evidence he tried to do that by Why let's facts get in the way of politics; how do you look in the mirror?
Clearly that's what he expects. What r u doing about it?
Thank you, Senator
You have got a big problem with Trump.
He's going for it! the fearless leader! That Congress won't stop!
Well that hasn't been done with Hillary, so what do you think about that investigation?
Not if, when Senator
Now that 45 has admitted firing Comey was intended to quash the Russian investigation, can't we call it obstruction of Justice?
THANK YOU, Senator Feinstein. Please keep fighting for us.
ask your fellow DEMS why they wanted comey fired only a few months ago and now change their minds when Trump does it. #hipocracy
You mean like the previous administration did. Right?
I really hate his guts
@USAGSessions lied to congress! Lied about recusing himself! Why have you FAILED to call for his resignation? Fight, or u r complicit!
Get him out! Our Democracy is at stake!
WHAT R U DOING ABOUT IT? WHAT ARE YOU DOING ABOUT IT? WHAT ARE YOU DOING ABOUT IT? TREASON TREASON TREASON WHAT ARE YOU DOING ABOUT IT??????
Yes. And it's the money in politics, Diane. Not to mention Dems failure to fight on easy issues. @justicedems @SenSanders @vets4bernie
Bigly
Thank you!! Please keep the pressure on!  We are counting on you! @DarrellIssa, if you need tips on integrity, look to our Senators.
Please persuade ur Repub colleagues to put their oath to the Constitution before party loyalty. They are disgraceful!
Thank you for speaking out!
Seems like the Senate has a real problem because y'all will be flushed down Trump's gold toilet along with him. Senate's a joke.
ProTrump voter fraud #unhackthevote @mikefarb1
You didn't have a problem when the last president did it.
He is draining the swamp of partisan heads plus those who have been abusing their power! Just what private citizens want! Justice for all!
He's also trying to control the information we receive - and not one @GOP has yet shown what it takes to stop him. Not partisan-humankind
We have had a problem from the moment he was put in office. (Not sure who or what country put him there).
I wonder if @SenFeinstein is still waiting for this WH and congress to act responsibly?
It's frustrating, but the fact is that her hands are tied by GOP legislative majority until/unless they break ranks.
She said that at an impromptu Q&A at one of the protests. A protester said to her "You're being reasonable" It underscored the absurdity.
Yeah, I get it. But those words are protocol. Railing isn't the most effective thing to get done what needs doing. Watch @AdamSchiffCA too.
It'll be the end of our nation if Congress gives it to him.
#impeachTrumpnow
will you stop all senate business until a SC is appointed? if not, resign please
exactly. shut it down!!!
Hello? Hello! *Then* we have a problem?!

Senator, we've had a "real" problem(s) for quite some time. Glad you finally woke up! How about supporting #MedicareForAll
Then do everything in your power to bring this nonsense to an end.
I believe in you, but please understand that burr is most likely compromised so cannot be given evidence
Yes we already know we have a real problem. What's wrong with Grassley?
I'm writing a script with working title "The Madness of King Donald" -- which actress would best play the role of Senator Feinstein?

...
This post is not verbatim to the speech so it should not really be in quotes here. They're similar but separate statements, as is. #accuracy
Preach, DiFi!!! 
We already have a problem.
@SenAngusKing @SenGillibrand @SenSchumer @SenatorDurbin @sentedcruz @senjohnmccain (cont) http://tl.gd/nnokc9 
We expect you to stop him.
