How much more should we borrow?  $10 more trilllion?  What's the number?
If necessary. There is plenty of money. The rich are hoarding it all to the detriment of our country.
And if you think there is "plenty of money" you have math challenges
"Provide for the common defence". 

Show me health care.
Show me AKs in the second. If you want sick people dying in the streets and going bankrupt because they are sick, there is no point talking
You people are all alike. Heartless, greedy, and unempathtic.  I hope you never run into difficulties. But you'd just use a tax break.
"You people". Lol.  Not heartless.  We're 20T in debt, our existing medical programs are 30T unfunded.  Put your head back in the sand.
Nothing would protect these people like Medicare for All. She should join @4HealthyCA @SenSanders and @RepJohnConyers in pushing for that.
Let's fight for the bird we have in our hand b4 we go on a crusade to get those two in the bush, ok? ObamaCare is now at risk. Focus there.
The ACA is an unaffordable corporate rent extractor that leaves tens of millions uninsured, so how about no?
HENCE THE NEED FOR A PUBLIC OPTION. Unfortunately, too many jumped on the Bernie-train, demonized HRC, & now we got Trump. How about THINK?
You realize Clinton opposed universal health care explicitly, right?
Baby steps. Took 30yrs for Canada to implement single-payer. Not many Americans can wait 30yrs for health care. She supported PUBLIC OPTION!
She claimed to support when it became clear Sanders was viable. She claimed single payer will "never, ever happen," too.
No. She spoke about it in 2008 and was more progressive on HC insur. than Sen. Obama. Are you new to Democratic Party?
Do what you have to do. Obstruct and amend. Fight for us.
Dems should write fix bill and submit it to the people before the republicans come up with their disaster.
We've paid for it. How can cold/corrupt GOP take it away?
They're hoping we don't notice, hence the secrecy.
The GOP in congress are using #RussiaGate as a distraction to kill healthcare. We can follow both at the same time
Up until Trump won the EC, I was certain that NO Liberals would allow Trump to win...until it happened. I'm not so sure we *can* follow both
Try using spell check
@realDonaldTrump this bill is NOT what you promised your voters. For once, show you have some integrity and tell @GOP this is immoral!
u do not understand the legislative process clearly. there will be three parts why because of the way ACA has to be repealed get a clue
Please keep fighting against Trump & his unAmerican policies which will hurt our nation.God bless you
Including Vets! Not every Vet gets into a Calvets Home. Many ineligible for VA contract nursing home care due to low % service connection.
Limited space / at capacity in some VA Hospital CLC's -- Community Living Centers (on-site nursing homes). Vets need Medicaid expansion.
Cutting it does not mean u r not protecting it. There are many people capable of working that r not working but just taking from me
He will make it damn difficult to qualify for it.
Your bankrupt !!! Duh ...
We have to protect Medicaid,
; 47% of Medicaid dollars goes to nursing homes ,this is worth spending political on
@3662brendon Are you still against Single Payer? We could have Medicare for all
YES
Senator, can you work to stop the $46 billion that is spent on approved Medicaid billing errors each year? We need billing transparency!
Madam Senator, I don't live in your state but I've always had the utmost respect & admiration for ur ,of country & fighting for all. Thanks
My mentally disabled brother and my mother both used it last year.  Both of them passed away within 2 months of each other--cared for.
I too am very sorry for your loss. At least they each other to care for each other.That is so important.
If we must protect it Miss Feinstein why aren't you working with the Republicans the GOP to fix the problems
and the fraud is rampant, paid for by the taxpayer, supported by dems
Yes you must. My BF's mom just turned 100 today and they rely heavily on SS and disability.
The very people supporting trump@better be prepared to care for elderly relatives. If he doesn't cut nursing home medicaid completely....
What would have happened to the Congressman if he had no health insurance.No one should ever face that life or death situation w/o insurance
WITHHOLD Unanimous Consent to STOP this deadly bill of the Republicans. You're my Senator. These are my wishes.
Out of pocket, depending on the the state, long term nursing home care can run from 6,000 to 12,000 per month. Hope those jobs...
You are doing a great job. I support all that you do, especially your questions during Sessions hearing!
It means votes for you. Why not try other ways to pay?
Yes that is good?
Walk the walk not talking the talk! You've been around the block enough to know that single payer is the only true answer to healthcare
.....he allegedly created pay enough for folks to cover this expense because social security  checks don't now and won't in the future.
Why can't we cover all people? Who chooses those that deserve help, and those that do not?
#SenateBlockade
Please dont be fooled by "bipartisanship" in the wake of Scalise shooting. The lives of millions of Americans are at risk
There's no bipartisanship.The health bill is still being written behind closed doors. Be real. So many politicians are phony,shame on them.
You should also pay your fair share! 

I'm so proud to bea San Franciscan, and eve more proud that you and Ms Harris are my Senators thank you for all you do & The way u do it
Dems / use EVERY strategy possible to thwart AHCA!
Yes, you must.
Explain differences between MediCal & MediCaid please
Blockade!
Dems need more than tweets & bs "No hearing no vote" bills from @SenSchumer. Withhold consent on AHCA vote&commit to filibuster by amendment
If @SenSchumer won't grow a pair and play dirty like @SenateMajLdr then he should step down. So should Dems that won't join the fight
Medicaid covers my nephews with disabilities. All 3 of them. They must stay covered!
Can you and Jerry help out all the poor homeless illegals that sleep in the streets?  Please send them your address!
Let's STOP the progress of the ACHA in the Senate. Please filibuster by amendment! Thank you.
His plan takes away from my Autistic daughter. I will never forgive him that! He's a hateful man!
Well I guess the GOP doest really care about the disable nor old people in nursing homes. As long as the wealthy get there tax cut.
We must protect the most vulnerable. How do we do that? Eliminate FICA cap; increase capital gains tax; stop supporting corporate tax breaks
Yes, all these ideas will affect me too & my "rice bowl". Still think tho we should be #AllForOneAndOneForAll. #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll
How many are illegal aliens?
Please don't forget all the children
bien
You need to help coordinate/participate in a filibuster by amendment. You can stop this. And you NEED to support SB 562 if you really care.
Do you support the efforts for single payer in CA?  Your constituents do, and they VOTE
Our special needs family can't survive without Medicaid #ShowUsTheBill
Please retire with whatever dignity remains.  If you REALLY wanted to help the poor, you'd support single payer. So stop the fake empathy.
better double check what "disabilities" are being covered. Those choices are made by MDs
WHEN THE GOP REMOVE PEOPLE WITH DISABILITIES FROM NURSING HOMES PEOPLE WILL DIE,THIS IS TAXPAYERS MONEY THE GOP IS  KILLING OUR SENIORS WITH
Pennsy Repub Toomey #showusthebill
We need to start process, as a State, of being financially independent of Fed. Not sep. from, just not dependent on.
Thank you, it covers my room mate, my neighbor, a neighbor's adult child. Not everyone can *have* a good job, #Medicaid is VITAL.
Thank you Sen. Feinstein. Most all families will need Medicaid to pay for nursing home care for their parents and elderly relatives.
Thanks, Sen. Feinstein, 4 fighting 4 disabled & nursing home residents on Medicaid. Without Medicaid, most can't survive & homes wld close.
Push for SB 562 if you gotta hair on your
head.
#Trumpcare don't care, about you, or the rest of America 

#KillTheBill 

#150DaysOfTrump 
Dems use the slogan"Medicaid for all" it easy to remember- and what The working class needs
#MedicareForAll
Please offer amendments for days to delay the vote. Saving our health care calls for procedural heroics, and I know you can do it.
In New York State we have many health insurance choices...VOTERS in Red states need to remove Repub pols 11/6/2018 for smart govt
The more you tax people to take care of others, the faster those people leave the state and vote Republican.
And problem is most GOP do not care. Very sad !
Lets cover everyone. Single payer! You seem to be a good person. Lets do something great!
My question.....What is the plan R's have?  To wheel the elders out to the curb in stretchers & wheelchairs when AHCA passes?
And it is also time to say NO to your powerful donors and join the people in their desire for universal, single-payer healthcare.
What about using filibuster-by-amendment, Senator? Not just a "no vote" stance. Take it to them!
The Healthcare in California is a mess!! Doctors are not being compensated for taking care of Medical/ Alliance patients!! #in big trouble!
Medicaid covers 67% of all 3rd party claims for Indian Health Services.
Health care for ALL in CA.  Do it.
Expand it! I want to start using it now (under 40)! #medicareforall
You once met my disabled mom on a flight home to CA. She thanks you for continuing to fight for her!
Agreed, Nancy. The President and Republicans will come up with something identical with the Huge giveaway to Pharma, high cost for seniors
So CA is sucking the life out of us
so these so rudely called "entitlements" r like Middle Class insurance" That keeps MC from devastation when tragedy strikes.
and b4 medicade families had to support that 4some reason could not make ends meet or afford healthcare or nursing home#msnbc
b4 Medicare &SS families wereeconomicallydevastated trying & support elderly parents, aunts, cousins,disabled & injured#MSNBC
People in nursing homes don't vote so.....GOP....oh well.
Senator, we are counting on all of you to block the vote and filibuster any amendments. Thank you. A grateful constituent.
Both my guy and I are sick and on medi-cal. Without coverage, our life would become unbearable.
How cruel is the new #GOP to take this away from the needy, to give more $ to the already wealthy?  #inequality
they can't convince people with REAL COMMON SENSE that there bill is better than the ACA I hate it for the people it's REALLY GOING TO HURT
healthcare jobs make sense
You know damn well it don't work single pair will never work
My gratitude 2 @SenFeinstein 4 fighting 4 the people! Every civilized society protects its most vulnerable!
#SinglePayer #Medicare4All
And we will!!!
Yes We Must!
infinite vote-a-rama amendments, please
You need to introduce competitive Bidding in order to drive health care costs down.
Thank you for your strong leadership. Please withhold consent and filibuster by amendment to keep Trump care from passing the Senate.
Support @SenatorTomUdall & @MartinHeinrich. #NoHearingNoVoteAct
Screw the old bastards that voted for Trump cause he was a man. I am an over educated white girl who is bipolar, he wants me on the street
Please continue to do whatever you can in the minority to stop them. Thank you, a constituent.
Thank you!
Thank you - am proud to be represented by you @SenFeinstein Thank you @NancySinatra for sharing.
#SOCIALISMSUCKS OPEN THE MARKET!!!! GOVERNMENT OUT OF MEDICINE!!!
"We" are not in as good a position to protect it as "you" are Senator.  So the question is what do you plan to do and when will you start?
Yes we must. Thank you for doing all you can  for us!
My mom in North Carolina, 85 dying of heart issues and cancer. We must stop them!
Time for single payer. All pay in, all are covered,all can relax. Burden off small business, greater job mobility=wages rising organically
Dear @SenFeinstein  how about adding Pompeo 2 your list of people u want 2 interview! He was in the room with tRump as a witness
I'm one of those disabled. MediCal covers home help for me, making it possible for me to live independently. The cheaper alternative.
why don't MY family and I matter to democrats. You can't keep pretending that we don't exist
please stop lying about how great ObamaCare is and WORK together to find a solution.
have some honesty, dignity, and integrity for once
No Russia collusion so you have to find something else?? Let the man who we voted for lead this country
where are the investigations into Lynch, Comey, Rice, Hillary, and Obama?
Trump expresses "hope" and then never mentions again, and HE'S the obstructionist?
the hypocrisy from the left is disgusting. Lynch orders Comey to investigate in a certain manner and meets Bill on tarmac...
doesn't the Democratic Party have any shame, dignity, and humility left in its leadership?
don't you get tired of lying? Don't you get tired of obstructing, resisting, and denying what WE THE PEOPLE voted?
We the majority of people didn't vote for Trump. Senator Feinstein is representing her constituents and in CA we want Medicaid protected.
the majority of CA population didn't vote for him. But the majority of CA counties DID
.....doesn’t apply to him and that anyone who thinks otherwise will be fired"
and: The message the president is sending through his tweets is that he believes the rule of law....
how did you come up with: That’s undemocratic on its face and a blatant violation of the president’s oath of office.”
So get on the #MedicareForAll train Demand  Single-Payer Universal Care For All  Call 202 225 3121 Tell Senators & Reps 24/7 Call every day
Here is what it is, and why  No Tax Cuts for Wealthiest 400 Families in the U.S.
Our Money, Our Taxes
Turn our Health Care System back into what it should be.   43,000 Americans died last year because had NO health care.
If you think it's ok to kick grandma out of her nursing home bed onto the street, there is a special place in hell for you.
Please explain to dim bulbs that if Cali has to cover care itself ,it cant afford to carry 10 southern states who pay less than recieved.
YES!!!!!
Please protect her
Elderly will survive,  slackers and Dumbocrat supporter look for invisible rainbows from taxpayerss
It's funny, the Democrats say that the Republicans won't show them the Bill but yet you act like you've seen it.
Which is it ?
No one can continue to ride free forever!
#how long will taxpayers support the laxy?. Taxpayers and businesses  leaving California's in large groups
You may go bankrupt paying for your parents nursing care as they age.
No debate- no vote
Please be more specific about WHAT exactly you are prepared to do procedurally to stop #Trumpcare @KamalaHarris @SenSchumer
That is incredibly sad that you're proud to have subjected the people you represent, to rely of the Bureaucracy in DC for their health care.
And you wonder why California is 3 billion in the hole over budget??
I know this is off topic but please read this as Putin says he's building a military base in Cuba.
thank you, @SenFeinstein. We need you more than ever before.

"A nation's greatness is measured by how it treats its weakest members." Mahatma Ghandi
Affordable, available healthcare is a life and death fight not a tax cut decision.
We need Medicare for all.
Absolutely. What would happen to these people? Put them all out on the street to die? Trump doesn't care.
As a constituent, I ask that you use filibuster by amendment to pull this bill out of the shadows.
Who heads FEMA, NOAA
Please save me and people like me from dying sooner
I am a retired Medicaid worker. Clients are in other Medicaid settings as well such as Adult Foster homes, residential and assisted living.
Keep up the good fight!
The @GOP could not care less about all the vulnerable people in California or anywhere else in the US. Any of us could be in this situation!
Why don't you support Medicare for all?
Too expensive to jump from for-profit to Medicare for all. ObamaCare --> Public Option --> MedicareForAll. Unfortunately, Trump won EC.
The main reason why Medicaid doesn't cover all people with disabilities - rather than 50% - is that many others are on waiting lists!
Just the @GOP way of culling the voting heard. Despicable! Even Trump thinks it's too "mean."
We need better! SB 562 Healthcare for ALL!
Then let CA foot the bill. Maybe a tax on stupid can fund it!
Please!
Tell us how you intend to save it! We need details
That's because half of them are lazy assholes let them DIE .
61. Disabled. Homeless. Waiting to die.
I hope you can get help.
shouldn't support benefits for California, country/ other states can't afford. "Living high on the hog on us". Learn to live within means.
Above all we must protect America from the hatred that is being push bt the Trump Agenda, 2018 we regain democracy 2020 we regain freedom
Yes, please.
FIGHT! NO CONSENT IN ANYTHING! Vote-a-Rama, whatever it takes. You must stop this!
WE want it! YOU must protect it. YOU & @SenateDems @NancyPelosi @SenSchumer We "hired" you now do your jobs!
Sounds like you have a bunch of people in Ca. living off the government.
These are leaches off of all the rest of us.  Why are you protecting leaches?
What hasn't been mentioned is the consequences cutting Medicaid will also have on our healthcare system in addition to millions of people.
Ty. Yes needs protection. We have lots of Medicaid recipents in Kentucky as well.  Ty for your comments and common Sense approach 
Doesn't cover me.  /sigh I lost all med insurance.  Insulin runs out in a couple weeks.  /shrug  I wasn't attached to life anyway
@wjcoop  OK.....so we protect the one in two on disability and the three in nursing homes. What part don't of this that you get?????
Then shut down Senate until Rs hold hearings!
Stop implying hate motives about healthcare.  Fix the problems like out of control Obamacare costs and huge bureaucracies jacking costs.
Any pay for it Diane
Yes, for the sake of our elderly, disabled and foster children.  The most vulnerable must be protected
Use it for single payer expenses?
Soylent Green will become a reality if Trumpcare is enacted.
Repeal and replace the @GOP #2018
My son is 100% disabled and don't know what we would do without Medi-cal.
Agreed!! Now please stand up to the R's & #WithholdConsent or #FilibusterByAmendment!! We need you!! #ShowUsTheBill #SaveACA
Maybe make some suggestions to make it better and accountable. Medicaid pays if you go to ER, most expensive. Go to doctor maybe not covered
Thank you Sen Feinstein!
Yes Diane!  Blah, Blah, Blah.  Anything at all to say about prevented massacre of Republicans???
President Snowflake wishes to solve this problem by initiating the first elderly hunger games #Covfefe
