We can't abandon families during the most painful and difficult times in their lives. We're better than that. Must defeat GOP plan.
Medicaid is critical for children with disabilities—even if their families have coverage from a parent's job. #SaveMedicaid
The individual market deserved your concern for our families but there was NONE!! you pretended we aren't there and did NOTHING!!
If the GOP continues down this road. They better start packing their geer,cuz they'll be out in 2018. Trump's base won't be there for them.
Same old play book from the democrats. GOP wants to through granny over the cliff, now they want to put poor children out on the street.
#GOP Family Values?  The President has been married 3 times.
Insert Sarcasm...!!
Stand up for our morals and principles
They're prolife if it doesn't cost money. If it does they gotta go!!!
I am caregiver to my adult disabled daughter. I would not be able to take care of her at home without Medicaid.
I pray that you will get the support that you need
Thank you. I have lost of sleep since this election. As I'm sure many also have.
Many of us have. Sometimes I wonder if we'll ever get a good night sleep again
I also wonder sometimes if I will wake up dead because our incompetent president started a nuclear war while I was sleeping. #Impeach
@senFeinstein will not tell you that Zero dollars will be taken out of Medicaid.
And Christian values
Pass a law that says anytime there is a deficit of more than 3% of GDP, all sitting members of Congress are ineligible for re-election-MAGA
Thank you for the common sense!
My daughter would die of breast cancer without Medicaid and she is a EMT. who can't afford insurance cause she does not make enough money
God bless America and trump he's doing a great  job
Wow!!! You are really full of it!
Fix the fraud & abuse of Medicaid, let's talk about that.
You're a Senator. DO something about it!!
It appears Dems want this. They will not help only obstruct. U, Ms Feinstein r better than this. Lead for the people. Help don't complain
You're being far too generous: it will flat-out end care for disabled. The plan means to reduce the numbers of those, & it will.
Actually, it will kill off the disabled & many elders. Which is I suspect the unspoken plan. Read the Hands Maid Tale.
YES AS LONG AS THEY DON'T HAVE TO PAY THEIR FAIR SHARE.
after scandal your opinion has no perspective, and ease up on the alcohol 
Washington post that you don't think its treason must mean you make enough money and get to go to bars and watch scandal
what about that Washington post opinion, shooting blanks at you no press briefings, being slammed by Montana politician...
All the money away
Democrats are the ones that caused us to run out of money when no money no programs YALL will cut Medicare because you threw
That's FAKE NEWS scare tactics Senetor and you know it!  NOT even close to accurate!   Not good for your INTEGRITY! !
This BS is brought to you by the same party that said, "If you like your doctor you can keep your doctor." Not drinking the Kool-Aid anymore
@cathymcmorris this is your legacy, hiding behind your son makes it even more despicable.
Feinstein is more interested in promoting an negative narrative than being honest and finding solutions. The Poster Queen for Term Limits
Gut medicaid, cut food stamps to kids to pay for wall, keep women barefoot and PG. All GOP priorities @SenateGOP @SenateDems
You and @KamalaHarris are doing us proud! I am proud to stand with you both. Thank you for fighting for California!
GOP backed #TrumpMakesRichRicher will harm the health and welfare of the most vulnerable and needy in US - children, elderly, disabled, poor


I wish something would force you out of office

Replying so my Tweeps may see this. Twitter is not letting me retweet you! (Bad bad Twitter!)
Dear Senator Feinstein: The aviation company #SupertankerServices wants more exposure through #blogging. @forestservice Fire Season approach
What bout those unborn children?
Fake
#TrumpFamilyValues are in vogue with Republicans these days. Lie by omission until you're caught & then claim naïveté. #RussiaInvestigation
@GOP stood up for under age marriage cuz outlawing may lead to abortion. I wonder the impact on abortion when they defund PP & Medicaid.
Could easily pay for disabled children's care if you took all 30,000,000 illegal aliens off the dole!
cutting funds2meals on wheels,trashing all environmental+consumer checks+balances,while lying incessantly about everything also not FV's.

#Breaking Research: Christopher Wray's given money to 4 GOP Senators that would be voting for him:

Perdue-Isakson-McCain-Portman

…
No silly! The are pro-FETUS, not pro family!!
Democrats are forcing children out of their homes
Right to Community Integration for People with Disabilities Under US and International Law -
Oh the scare tactics are laughable... Dianne! Stop texting and do your job  ! Stop being obstructionist !
Yeah the say they're pro life too.
Just have the whole US move to single payer like Medicare w negotiated precriptions?!
Competition.  Service goes up ...costs go down  every time
My brother lives in a group home mostly funded by Medicaid. This bill would put him on the streets.
I so pray that he gets the help he needs
You know you never explain how any of this effects me. Why its a bad idea for someone in the middle class.
The Democratic Party stands for family values- actions speak louder than words!
Please do not forsake how this bill will affect our active duty/veterans. This milfam w1 30yrssvc 100% disabled is watching
GOP = Greed Obstruction Party
Nobody is "gutting" Medicaid. NOBODY !!!!
Out of their homes to where?
How does one feel as she luxuriates in one of her mansions and does nothing to push for medicare for all.
But it puts more money on the pockets of the super elite rich cronies of trump so it's all good.
Nothing better than some hypocrite democrats using children as political pawns.
They aren't anything anymore except liars & morons. Money not going where it should go.
Dems, it's time to claim the Family Values party. Immigrants, same-sex adoptions
How do u gut Medicaid
Enforce the 25th amendment now!!!!
Yes! I've worked w many severely disabled people who live at home w sole reliance on Medicaid. 

Medicaid or public institutions? Pick one.
Can we get a line item list of the things gutting meidcaid would really do? Many do not understand its scope, magnitude.
Why are all Politicians exempted from paying into it ?
They caused this mess to begin with
Get away from our Dr's
Medicare 4 all with SSI#s
No you just take seniors money's from Medicare giving it to the illegals
They stand for family values but their definition is skewed.
Repub Family Values = Caucasian Male + Female with 2 perfect, non disabled kids
GOP only cares bout unborn children bcoz that gives them votes. once babies r born, GOP stops caring about bcoz they don't bring them votes
Stop the lies & using these techniques:
Maybe Jarad could adopt them
There are thousands of black babies dying at birth ... as it is. Shame on anyone that tries to make it worse.
Democrats promised change.

Delivered status quo; corporatism.
Medicaid is not being gutted. Not even being cut. Just not getting as big an increase. #dishonest

*naive* ...
Don't worry if you like your doctor you can keep your doctor, right?
Which is why its completely reprehensible for CA Democrats to tank #singlepayer right now.  You're playing for the other team, Senator.
Term limits. No re election for you. Your time has come and gone. However you are a bit more with it than your counterpoint @NancyPelosi

Pro Life my ass
Clinton Foundation donors got weapons deals from Hillary's State Department never investigated
