I think it's time for YOU to retire. You are unaware and out of touch!
Since only 17% of Americans approve of the Senate healthcare bill, clearly you are the one out of touch.
17% of what...those who read it? LMAO
Have you read it?
I've read every bill on this subject but the Senate's, as it keeps changing and not available. Have you read it?
"Those who held it secret while crafting it keep making back-room deals to change it, so you can't be against it."

So hilariously wrong.
I don't know enough about it to support or oppose. According to your logic, you hate all deals including Ocare since all are done w/deals
Even the major insurers are saying the bill is "unworkable" & the CBO has stated that millions will lose coverage.

http://time.com/4859775/health-care-bill-ted-cruz-provision-unworkable/ …
Keep obstructing for political purposes. I can't afford my health insurance and I couldn't keep my doctor. Forced to pay $$$$
Me too...and no good doctors in network either. Hard to find one at all in network. but, no one cares about the people like us
Sorry to tell you this, but the GOP Plan raises the cost for folks like us and the network issue is not solved
Did you read the bill you refer to? I've read all but the Senate one, as it keeps changing. Plz give section #S of bill I should look at

This is not the bill, it's an opinion on a still changing bill. And the telling words are "could", and "if". Plus the pic shows the slant
Oh gee you're right, it's gonna be greeeeeat
I think nit picking a bill that isn't finished is pointless. I don't care for any of them, as they are for ins co, not us.
Sorry my two Senators @JohnCornyn @SenTedCruz don't care what their constituents say and are part authors of this hateful bill.
my hope is that Ted Cruz will get the NO in 2018 when he is voted out of office.
I promise to donate to his challenger! Awful vile man.
@SenFeinstein How about doing something 2 support ASD families & enviro research? CA ASD Moms very frustrated w u & your office
I live in Texas, Cornyn and Cruz are going down with the ship
One can only hope #GovernmentOfPutin #VoteThemOut
Hard 2 do w/o $.  R senator sends surveys online that u can't complete unless u pledge $ 4 his campaign.  Call & get no response? bad deal
Thank you and Senator Harris for standing up for the 99%

Can we get Senator MacCain's address so we can write to him while he is in recovery? Yearly physicals not covered under Trumpcare.
Surmise you're doing wrong by the American people by retaining a failing HC law which will BK in < year. Then what? Back to ACHA drawing brd
What was your position when Obama shoved O Care down our throats in the middle of the night?  Can't afford to get sick now!  Shut up!
Why not take the President's lead, Tweet them into submission. Use it like him to get attention! Gets an immediate response for all to see!
Calling does nothing. You ignore the people and do what you want. You are no representative. You are part of a government takeover.
Guessing you're all missing the puppet Eh?
I could afford Ins 4fore Obumercare but now can't but what do U care UR covered & have no $ cares thanks to the $ U get from Ins Kick Backs?
Mercer money talks
We elected Trump to get rid of obamacare!! Do what the people want! Not what you think. We didn't approve your husband as agent 4 post offic
Do GOP senators from states other than California care what a California liberal Progressive Democratic voter thinks?






CORRUPT POLITICIANS LIKE U HAVE DESTROYED THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY! OBUMERCARE IS A FAILURE IT IS COLLAPSING & ALL U WANT TO DO IS OBSTRUCT?
What if your rep won't listen to their constituents? #TXhuman
why does Jared have security clearance?


@kshw5678 U dirtbags made over 3 BILLION in TAX FINES on American Taxpayers! #DrainTheSwamp #FullRepeal #Obamacare SUX!
@kshw5678 You PPL R disastrous! Penalizing citizens $$$ b/c they can't afford 2 buy UR NO-GOOD insurance! FU ALL! #FullRepeal
I used to admire U, even though I disagreed with positions you took.  Since Dems only want to destroy Trump, you have changed to bad Senator
Why are you still stalling every Trump position approval you can?  Appears you care more about destroying him than getting gov up-to-speed!
Where was this enthusiasm when the disastrous Obamacare Bill was forced on the Nation?  The GOP bill is bad, but you're a hypocrite.
Can we expose Venezuela to anarchists in USA? Are anarchist brainwashed, can't see the Hitlers/Globalists of today promote slavery for all?
So write a bill u like and can pass. Prove u understand   system and can lead.
Let the #GOP burn with this decision. It's pathetic and an assault on America
Ask Alaska Sen. Murkowski if she'll sell out the country for a Mitch McConnell bribe. @lisamurkowski @SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP @SenateDems
Or maybe the Republicans who are afraid to vote "no" can call in with the red/white/ and blue flu
We need at least two more solid #NoVotes ... don't trust @DrRandPaul
PLEASE READ THIS THREAD by friend @CultPerfectMoms who is stage IV breast cancer. She advocates daily for all of us
1. Hey healthy friends: I love you. I really do. But we need to have a talk, about how you can be a good friend right now.
Outrageous that more republicans don't care about our lives!! Vote everyone that votes for the shit out!!
We must have all been dying in 3rd world streets before your precious ACA huh?
You realize Feinstein is the genital wart on the cock of humanity, right?
Her tweets are probably what it feels like when it burns when you pee.
Capito has said no too! That's 3 by my count without nevada!
Still no good ideas coming from you! Just obstruct
So.... keep the colossal failure that is Obama care, eh?  Retire now,  please
who are the two NO votes? how sure are they?
Not one public hearing. ......Why?
Seems as if Lisa Merkowski may have been PAID OFF to cross the line and  go along with the 'BOYS' SHAME LISA.... SHAME ... SHAME....
Richard Blum, Dianne Feinstein's husband, chairs a company that brokers sales of USPS facilities. At least you will get a kickback.
Come on Feinstein, work your magic on those Moderate Republicans. Your are famous for 'Hands Across the Aisle'
Remember: there is no tiebreaker.
AOnly Two? I thought our @SenateGOP had integrity but they're as evil as @HouseGOP  I call but @JohnnyIsakson  & @sendavidperdue are deaf.
Mccain can't vote.....three there we go....
How about actually enforcing the Sherman-Clayton and Robinson-Patman Acts on ALL Health and Medical Insurance entities!!
Portman will vote no. If he doesn't, he will get roasted here in Ohio. Don't pay attention to our state house. Governor would give him hate.
Hey what a novel idea this is another good one 100 senators 100 different plans let's pick and choose no individual mandate just pick one
There is no way that Heller or Murkowski will vote yes !
There's something wrong when we have to beg 3 (out of 50!) senators not to take away health insurance from millions of Americans
Why don't you just come out and re-appeal all Obama Care and get us the Coverage we want not what the government wants,individual Man date
Who else can California residents call? Will Senators listen to non-constituents? #SaveACA
@senrobportman His pancreas just malfunctioned. Preexisting conditions matter just as much as the opioid epidemic and are just as deadly
Please @senrobportman it's bad and you know it. What side of history do you choose to be on??? My 16 year old son didn't make a bad choice
I am still calling we must light up and crash the switchboard we cannot have the aca repealed
McCain is having a surgical procedure. Out all next week.  That means Trumpcare is dead if Mc Connell holds a vote.
Think about it. All the horrible things with this bill and only two GOP members oppose it.
Well, at least 3 prob. w/Heller. @SenateGOP in a pickle b/c they're split. Might fix ACA w/Dems&GOP moderates. @SenFeinstein
Only two "No" votes?!? Who on earth would actually vote for thus horror if a #DeathCareBill ulrss they really, really hate people.
Get good candidates to run against @SenJeffFlake & @DeanHeller if they are not onboard with a No vote they don't deserve to be in office!
From Maine!
Let's talk about the Millions you and your husband made off of tax payers. That owned these POST Offices...https://www.truthorfiction.com/blum-post-office-sale-061013/ …
It is not going to happen. There is some crazy power keeping the entire @GOP in line. Like the Russians have dirt on them or something.
1) Sen. Dean Heller, no vote last time.
Las Vegas
8930 West Sunset Road
Suite 230
Las Vegas, NV 89148
Phone: 702-388-6605
Fax: 702-388-6501
2) Sen. Dean Heller, DC Office
Washington, DC

324 Hart Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone: 202-224-6244
Fax: 202-228-6753
3) Sen. Dean Heller
Bruce Thompson Federal Building
400 S. Virginia Street, Suite 738
Reno, NV 89501
Phone: 775-686-5770
Fax: 775- 686-5729
We need that one more vote who's holding out?
Collins:  Paul:  Flake:  Heller:  Capito:  Portman: Murkowski: 

Three GOPers saying  stops bill one to go

https://twitter.com/SenateGOP/lists/senaterepublicans/members …
Drum Roll

It's as if they never want to be electable in their lifetime.
I just read  the letter we got from Kaiser they have NOT DECIDED YEH OR NEY! You are a liar Feinstein!! That last article was written 3/1/17
I called: Rubio =yes Nelson =No
So what is this we r hearing about ur husbands Real State Co. CRI having the exclusive rights to selling USPS bldg's, comment?
If they don't... they will be out soon.
What one Health care insurance Expert Wrote Correctly Trump care In a time line Bankrupt s America @timkaine
@ASlavitt Understand s Trump Care Take s 880 Million Dollar s out of Medicaid and Will Bankrupt America in the FutureTimeline@NateSilver538
Senator I have been going 2 Kaiser since I was 11! I no several docs who retired due to Obamacare! U wait in ER for 6 hours! Thanks Obama
The new dumpcare bill sucks and ted Cruz trying to pass the part where they all don't have to have this crap plan is BS!! Fight this!!
pass the bill pass the bill pass the bill
Only 2!!!!!! WTF
Only TWO? Un-believable!!
I've been calling and faxing Heller's office all month!!  Keep up the #Resistance, people!!
I wish you had been this interested when 0care was rammed down our throats.
We also need to urgently pull #45's authority to issue 'Pardons' before he instigates a re-run  of 1776 This time for Independence from CCCP
millions forced to over pay for O-Bum insurance.Where is your concern for them? Quit playing Politics. At least the GOP is trying 2 fix mess
Democrats-rather c DJT fail than do what is best 4 Americans Selfish u & all ur money-U don't care REPEAL & REPLACE
Next week the Senate is going to vote on legislation to save Americans from the ObamaCare DISASTER. #WeeklyAddress 
If they vote yes, vote them out!
You are an obstructionist. Obama Care is a disaster. Nothing can be worst then Obama Care and you voted for it.
Go home dianne
this happened last time with vote on devos b tough on gop women to vote no
Yahoo NEWS reports(2) major insurance companies OUR saying GOP/TRUMP HEALTHCARE BILL is "unworkable" Will raise premiums&take away insurance
#MedicareForAll
Too bad one @marcorubio is going to vote for it, I call frequently, but it doesn't matter
How long will they keep trying? We, the people, say NO to Trumpcare! #didwefuckingstutter
@SenatorBurr NC is watching! Vote. NO!!
Senator, how do you stomach working with those people? Thank you for your steadfast integrity and for fighting for American values. Hang in
> All Trump cares about is getting name on something again. He doesn't care about people. GOP will own disaster of TrumpCare
REPEAL OBAMACARE 1st! NO SINGLE PAYER, SOCIALIZED MEDICINE, GOVERNMENT RUN HEALTH CARE PROGRAM, PRIVATIZE
@SenDeanHeller Here's one for you! #TellMitchNo
http://www.newsmax.com/t/newsmax/article/619664 …
- Obamacare is disastrous!!
How about building sidewalks in California FIRST?

Infrastructure should be the MAIN priority of government.
Do that well, then we can talk
If they take Medicaid away they will be voted out of office along with dems. who allowed it to happen. Enjoying your vacation? #fedup
Here's where you call your Senators: 202-224-3121
Maryam Mirzakhani:1st woman to win prestigious Fields Medal. Why women in leadership did not point her out? Selfish. She died while u riot.
You lady you should go home and pray all you want is for citizens to pay for killing of babies!
I can't believe there are only 2.   Who are these people pretending to represent?  The people they represent don't want it.
Why do votes have to be counted before voting?
As my REPRESENTATIVE of calipHARMa I don't want you voting NO!  Support the new plan!! Oh - one last question: did you read it?
This seems to be a great deal of posturing and nonsense all done to provide cover for a do nothing congress
This was scripted from the start..,two no and Pence breaks tie. So obvious and pathetic
Hey while we're doing that can you work for some prog policies like single payer & protecting voting rights. Can't win elections if fixed.
There is something incredibly wrong with a system that is divided so conclusively by party lines on something so important as health care.
How are there only 2? It's so disastrous for everyone except the rich! Even employer based plans would be affected!
I'm your constituent; thank you so much! How will CA protect the card of its citizens? We're very worried!
The "care!" Thanks autocorrect!
Write both of your Sen right now. We don't want Trumped Up Health Care or a Sen that thinks we do! They are giving your HC to a billionaire.
KEEP WORKING FOR US DIANNE! We need you !
Actually need 4 or more considering @RandPaul waffling, Collins too for that matter. Murkowski was bought which says GOP-Got On Payroll.
GOP colleagues Seem2Think there will NeverBeConsequences4Them, EverAgain, in elections. Why? No more fair elections? #SaveACA
Republicans will sell this country out...
Must repeal first

We know how this works. GOP plays 2 no votes all w'end to one by Mon. Then it will be one no and Pence and pass. Sick of this crap..sick.
Great... now how about single payer!
What happen to mike lee & the Nevada senator? Did they cave to the turtle man bullying?
Will the @SenateDems be introducing a bill saying whatever insurance choice constituents have, then so too goes all their public servants?
You're right but, I have a very bad feeling that the GOP's bill WILL pass, the effects will be horrific over the next 10 yrs, then we get it
It's funny you didn't campaign against ACA.  It's also disastrous and led us down this road.  Party over people as usual.
I try, but Twomey doesn't give a damn about his constituents!
This bill is a disaster. Stand up and do the right thing.
This happened before with the House bill... Republican Congressmen seemingly on the fence, then they vote for it.
There are Republicans JERKING US ALL OFF, since u let Mueller's sedition, then jerked ACA which won't outlast I.S.U.S., so one more VOTE?!
Ron Johnson doesn't care what his constituents want. Just trying to make himself more $$$ before retiring. 
I agree. My rep or his assistant never, NEVER answers the phone. (Blunt)
@TantaLois 2/  But I am sad for the rest of the US. And ashamed.
Me too. So much worse than our ignorance & even inaction prior to O'Care. Now the pols know it is doable. Profit for few is an evil motive.
@TantaLois 1/I have resources to survive this devastating health bill. But that $ will go to ins. co. and not general economy.
And do remember there is a price to the economy of a sick workforce, bankruptcy potential lost to unhealthy pregnancies & childhood. Sad.
Why don't you list the moderates on the fence we need 1
Good job America....
bet you do not have Obamacare if you did you want it repealed and replaced nothing is free and not all will be satisfied so live with it
Come on Portman! Do the right thing!
I've been tweeting @SenDeanHeller, @lisamurkowski, and @senrobportman, imploring them to #VoteNo on this horrific excuse for a HC bill.
Sen. Feinstein, perhaps you can ask Sen. Rubio why he will be an automatic yes on any bill, and why he votes 98% of the time w Trump.
@BenSasse better vote no!
Sen. Feinstein, perhaps you can ask "American hero" John McCain why he will be an automatic yes for any bill slid under his nose.
Will your Alaska colleague go for the Kodiak Bribe or do what's morally right for the rest of the country? Not holding my breath.
Anyone else think that's by design? Paul and Collins are just the token objectors for the moderates & Liberty caucus.
Thank you for all that you do Senator Feinstein. Know that there are SO many of us behind you.
Just two! I hope Patty Murray & Maria Cantwell vote NO! Don't pass Trumpf healthcare!
The idea that there are so many Repub senators and representatives willing to kill us makes me sick.
Keep fighting for us Senator!!!
The Cruz amnd will put all w/ pre-existing conditions at great risk; rates will sky rocket to the point where they'll become unaffordable.
Call 202 224-3121. You will be prompted to enter your zip code to be connected to your GOP Senator. Call everyday!
This is just too political. When will the GOP support an America for all?
@PalmerReport and Senator what are you doing about it
Are there ANY Republicans willing to stand WITH this nation? Are you all so against America that you will stand with a despot intent on harm
You are going to make over a billion dollars in commissions on the sale of the post offices. Are you going to donate any $ to the poor.
Has anyone fact checked DJT Saturday morning address from 7/15/17
Maybe you should ask your Chairman on the Senate Intel Committee Grassley why he's an automatic yes for any bill slid under his nose.
Indeed! And after u get an answer please report back in here to let us know! Many thanks!
