We will have to pass it to see what's in if. Karma for Sure
Heard tonight they'll slam it through as an amendment without debate. I think Dems should stay away so they don't have a quorum.
Karma is an awful thing it's similar to what goes around comes around. Some may call it payback.
Vicki, I was a Democrat but switched to Independent because of the direction the DNC was taking. Both Parties are out of control.
Good thing about SC is we don't register for political parties. We can be whatever we want anytime we want. Rare GOP worthy of my vote tho.
Understand,I lived in Orangeburg and Akien. After working in Haiti I have a good picture of the Clinton's and it's not pretty.
Hard explaining our positions when we live in SC & NC, isn't it? Nevertheless we #persisted.
You are a senior US Senator.  Please do something other than tweet about this. We got that covered.  What are you doing about it?
That's not cool.  She's sharing her position and her encouragement to us to keep fighting.
Fighting, hummm does this retoric incite violence?
Take your hate bait somewhere else sparky.  not interested.
The hate bait is the DNC. Leaders need to put a stop to their violence
Sen. F. mentioned healthcare.  In reply, you mentioned violence.  You mentioned it first.

Who has the problem?  Go away.
Oh you mean not jammed through like Obamacare was jammed through?
"Obamacare"
was openly debated on the floor of Congress for almost a year with input from both parties so, no, not like "Obamacare."
Wrong. Nancy Pelosi said, we need to pass this and we can read it later. Get real.
Greg, come on man. Let's stick to sports, OK? #GoTtibe
You brought up the misinformation not me. You want to stick to sports , please be my guest.
Alternative facts
Pelosi said that on her way to the vote.
Remember, if YOU think you're safe because you have healthcare through ur job, you're NOT. GOP wants annual & lifetime caps #TheResistance
#NoHearingNoVote @SenBennetCO & co. use the tools avail.
I remember Dems passing Obamacare.  Pelosi said, "U don't have time to read it. U can read it after you sign".  Pot calling kettle black!
You mean like Obamacare was, and forced thousands to lose their insurance and caused thousands to not be able to afford it then get fined?
So, that still doesn't account for the Dems and their rush voting after all the Republicans we're gone.

https://twitter.com/NHLABOR_NEWS/status/875890829721833472 …
no wonder people are MAD! McConnell is messing with our lives!
Not jammed but #Secretly forced! #transparency is needed as is discussion and debate
Big boss man is used to things not being consensual though
Wtf lady remember Obamacare??
Ms feinstein, democrats, you, all lives matter, praying for courage you to take trump on
That's all of your fault that you didn't regulate health insurance costs years ago.
Americans will not stand for it once we see it what the GOP is secretly throwing together.  Expect backlash!
So what is being done to stop it? Get on every network and blast the GOP - they want to kill Americans to give billionaires tax breaks!!
#FilibusterByAmendment
Keep pandering for those votes you crook!
Like obamacare gotta pass it to know what's in it
#VoteARama ... Please!!!
I agree but I think it's up to you and others like @SenGillibrand and @SenSchumer etc. to get the job done! Calls by 'us' only do so much.
Agreed !
why are there no women in the room with the old white guys who are the American electorate? How do we get women a voice in DC? #pussgrabbers
Oh my gosh. You're memory is very short.
As is your RIGHT & obligation @SenFeinstein @SenateDems - withhold consent & filibuster by amendments; lives are at stake! #ProtectOurCare
Make a list of 40,000 ammendments that will need to be presented & voted on, to delay them for 4 yrs?
Kind of like Nancy pelosi saying," let's just pass the bill then we can read it."
Funny you say that now?
make some money online http://aspir.me/c1/?da=gk649&t=DAosp …
Your hypocrisy here is astounding.
Now you think thats a good idea. Pass the bill so we can see whats in it . Dems are non to bright
Let it pass it can be repealed, if it passes Dems can win most elections
Like you folks rammed thru Obamacare?
I trust the R's have the best interest of the whole country in mind.
Not just the uninsurable.
Go and convince your Republican colleagues that they shouldn't vote for a bill not adequately scrutinised and debated.
Did you know that Meds and Medical procedures are 80% lower in The EU compared to in San Francisco?
Remembering how GOP objected to Hillarycare and the way it came together -- such hypocrisy!
Wait, isn't Congress exempt from Obamacare Law? Didn't Obama hand out exemptions to unions and other Democrat fundraisers? Not every person.
You can be as aggressive as the GOP…

Amend the bill… over and over again.
Got a Democratic Senator? Here’s how they can ACTUALLY PLAY HARDBALL on TrumpCare. Yes, they have tools to use. Yes, they can win. 1/
Oh, you mean like the original Obamacare bill?  Have you read all 2,000+ pages in the 8 years since you voted for it without reading it?
I  have health care through my union. My health care has nothing to do with you!
We don't need a "system" that's the real problem.  Provide a state plan for the indigents. Leave the rest of us to take care of ourselves.
Oh the hypocrisy!
This bill will kill me! 63 retired with existing Conditions's, can't afford this bill…GOD HELP US
Unless you and your colleagues are going to drop your Congress Privileged Healthcare, your statement is inaccurate. It effects THE PEOPLE.
ACA Obamacare is a failure. If you saw the bill you wouldn't agree with it anyway, would you? You're an obstructionist now
Like the Democratics did?
Uh, you mean like YOUR side did?
Your constituents want you and @SenateDems to FIGHT LIKE HELL!
Man you people are pathetic remember OBAMACARE 
Hypocrites
You mean like ObamaCare??
SINGLE PAYER please
Senator, it doesn't affect u or your colleagues. You r special, like the Congressional gunshot victim. 4get about the kid shot in the hood.
Why are you criticizing her when she's concerned about GOP hiding a horrible HC bill that will hurt others.BTW-she survived a SF gun killing
Please withhold consent until bill sees light of day in hearings and then filibuster if its as bad as it must be. Thanks.
You mean like obamacare was.
Obamacare sign now read later. Remember?
Do everything you can to stop it, Senator. Shut down the senate if you have to.
I am a CA senior and I am very concerned about the republicans working on a health care bill in secret.  We need your help. Thanks.
isn't that exactly what Obama did three years ago?The ACA is a disaster! Premiums doubled,less access & fewer plan choices
Why does the GOP want to showcase the immediate & guaranteed healthcare services for Rep Scalise that will be denied to 24 mil other people?
You mean like you did for obamacare
Thank you! Please consider filibuster by amendment to delay a vote at least until the summer recess.
That's true it cannot be anything like Obama care or it would fail as well
Stand strong against the AHCA. Lead the way: #WithholdConsent or #FilibusterByAmendment!
We are doing all we can. You, however, need to step it up. Filibuster by amendment and refuse consent for normal business.
Only of you and pelosi are the one jamming it through.  Fucking hypocrit.
#ResistGOPCare
You or other #Democrats should buy my #Domain http://www.ebay.com/itm/282520258295 … to  talk about their #feelings about #TRUMP #ebay #Retweet #RT
oh like we have to pass the bill to see what it in it
WITHHOLD CONSENT
FILIBUSTER BY AMENDMENT

You have tools. Use them
I love seeing you use this hashtag. Thank you, @SenFeinstein, for being our advocate. Our story:
Jammed through? No republicans voted for the Unffordable Care Act!
its like deja vu huh?
Are you kidding me? You seriously just said that? Must be your #Alzheimers you should #Retire you are too old or smoking too much #Marijuana
Keep fighting for us
If you care, here are the twitter accounts of the 13 men deciding our healthcare in secret. Tell them how you feel.
I'm thrilled. I pray $1300 a month premiums. How are you W?

Good look back at how Democrats passed #Obamacare 
via @WSJopinion
http://on.wsj.com/2ryc02B 

I hope that everyone asking you to fight #VOTED. Because 50% of Americans didn't vote, Dems have nothing to fight WITH.
Did you read the Obamacare bill???
Vote against the HC bill.
Republicans fundamentally oppose entire idea of a health care "system." Want a cash economy for a Randist dystopia.
Our health care system affects every single person in this country. A bill must not be jammed through! #ShowUsTheBill
Republicans oppose ideas because none of them is capable of conceiving of any. They operate on animal instinct or according to revelations.
As far as revelations go, some are literalist fundamentalists, and most are illiterate fundamentalists.
They can't afford another March on Washington. What are you doing July 4, 2017?
Will need to make sure @SenatorCollins stands firm against!
You didn't feel that way about it when it was Obamacare being jammed through by a strictly partisan vote.
Your there, I'm not!!! STOP IT FROM HAPPENING!!!!
Yes. Also you should support Medicare for all.
A simple question: why GOP politicians don't care about the American health? Trump promised healthcare for all. God, make him keep his words
Agreed!! Now, please fight for us and #WithholdConsent or #FilibusterByAmendment! We need you!! #SaveACA #ShowUsTheBill
If it was jammed through it would have already been passed...
STOP BITCHING AND GET WITH GOP AND SOLVE THE PROBLEM!!!!!!!!
#DoYourJob
Thank you, Senator!
You did with Obamacare so quit the double standard
How quickly you forget. You have to pass it to find out what is in it? DNC is delusional. Solve your own corruption issue first w/HRC.
Please lead your colleagues:  withhold consent on EVERYTHING and submit 1000s of Vote-a-rama amendments to slow train, force hearings.
Obstruct obstruct obstruct.
Keep healthcare on the fast track to failure. Viva Obamacare!
Since I can't call your DC office: will you be withholding consent and filibustering this bill until the public get a good look at it?
McCONNELL is SNEAKY
trying to CHEAT the ppl of USA
McCONNELL=CROOK$$$$ & TRAITOR
In office too long
McCONNELL wife in trump ADMIN
CROOKS$$$
Diane, we demand #singlepayer. Period. Any @TheDemocrats who is not on board will be voted out of power.
About 45 universal healthcare nations on earth. Americans deserve a better healthcare system like those people. Single payer system saves us
Please filibuster by amendments,40,000 amendments to be exact.They want to craft bill w/o Dems,then they deal w/consequences
thanks!  that was a cringeworthy mistake :)
