You need to stand up and put an end to the smears, lies and phony crimes.
You should be fired
So whos the next in charge after Rod gets booted. Another victim in the Trump career killin machine. Think? How many careers has he ruined.?
Lets see...Pence,Ryan,Cotton, Sessions,McMasters,Tillerson, Spicer,Priebus,Huckabee Sanders,Nunes,Coates,Rogers, Palin + anyone named Trump!
Why won't Sessions, Coats and Rogers be held in contempt of Congress? They are all refusing to answer questions w/out legal basis.
Well Rogers showed up last night to a closed briefing for 2 hours per Burr. But I agree @burr, subpoena coats and sessions. That's the law.
Any idea who all was in the closed hearing? Burr was very vague
Just Rogers I think, I don't know which Intel committee members but assume all?...I saw some news reporting of it last night seems true.
Trump think he can fire everyone! Let's hope we get that crook out of office!
Good cause is acting in bad faith-which Mueller is -hiring Hillary henchmen lawyers 2 create a crime scene 2 try 2 hurt Trump #FireMueller
But . . . Trump can fire Rosenstein and replace him with someone who will fire Mueller.  Shine a light!
Well it was debunked story that wh hs was considering it. So we can all move on re this point.
In the last two hearings you are coming across as a moderate republican .. it disappoints me greatly and I voted for you!!!
Maybe we should start grooming a replacement for Feinstein-so disappointed how you allowed Sessions to babbled through stuttering questions
Got your email, wasn't a supporter of yours when I lived in CA, and I'm still not. Please take me off your list #corrupti-fornia #hippocrate
If Rosenstein gets swept up in the Mueller investigation cuz he was involved in the  Comey phony firing bs. Then he has to recuse himself.
After reading the transcript of Mr. Comey's and AG Session's testimonies, this has been an utter waste of effort and tax payer's money.
My concern is that Drumpf can fire Rosenstein and appoint a puppet. Although I don't think Congress would let him get away with it. I hope.
Republican congress is afraid of even Trump tweets. The thought of opposing Trump will make them and Rosenstein break out in cold sweat.
Don't underestimate Rosenstein. He's one of the good guys.
Why is it none of these investigations seem interested in RUSSIA or hacking? Ironic huh?
Wow are you in collusion with the Dem's also. Recuse must have a different meaning for Dem's! Shameful
It is a witch hunt. You know it @SenFeinstein. You are smart enough to know it. What about opening up an investigation on Loretta Lynch?
Stop fighting each other.
Then why did Trump interview him and he has another pick?
Trump can fire Mueller
You have zero proof of collusion with Russia but you continue this destructive charade. You Madame are the problem with America.
What's going on with these hearings is EXACTLY WHY I am NO LONGER a Dem! An UTTER waste of time and TAX DOLLARS! SHAME on you all!
But Trump can fire Rosenstein.
Did you forget Hillary trying to manipulate Russia's election in 2009? Enough Diane, CA is bigger than just SanFran. Do your job for ALL
Is Rosenstein strong enough to refuse to fire Mr Mueller if Trump orders him to do that?
YOU are NOT representing the citizens of California. There are Trump supporters here. Grow up and be responsible.
start the HRC indictment countdown...
Only the deputy AT can fire Mueller.
I believe you are wrong , but I think you are right about & should call for a AG Lynch investigation, this goes beyond partisan politics!
Trump can but he won't.
How about Trump doesn't he have the power 
Actually he can... and I hope he does
I thought Rosenstein was resigning last month according to a liberal anonymous source? It was on the Clinton network for three days 24/7.
We DO NOT WANT TRUMP CARE. KEEP ACA and improve. Ryan and GOP passing bill in secret? Have they already sold us out to Russia. Secrecy?
Trump doesn't know how govt work.
You are totally discredited by Session's testimony today.  Dems are going down the toilet of history.  You are as dead as the dinosaurs!
PLEASE FOR THE GOOD OF THE COUNTRY INVESTIGATE LYNCH/COMEY ! UNMASKING. SOMETHING ISN'T RIGHT!
Mueller should resign to close to Comey! This must end there are more important issues. What about Loretta Lynch?
special invest started by Comey's leaks will end now given Comey's helpful testimony.  And, while you "resist"....Obamacare still failing.
THANK YOU, Senator Feinstein, for fighting for truth, justice & democracy! Keep fighting for CA & American values, we support you!
Good.
SenFeinstein, how was Sessions able to fire Comey? Also, I sense that he walked all over that panel today. Kindly, what r your thoughts?
If @potus tries, will you support impeachment, @SenFeinstein
STILL NOTHING, stop wasting tax $$, WHERE IS OUR WATER
informado
Session no longer needs to be recused,but you guys can't stop yourself.It'll end w/ Trump all the stronger.
Russian hacker, Yevegenty Nikulin claims FBI offered him citznshp, cash & immunity if he wld take responsibility for Podesta emails?  Ck it
Trump CAN fire Rosenstein.
SOUNDS LIKE COMEY GOT 2 BFFS IN ==BTW WHAT CRIME RE TRUMP BESIDES CLINTON+ PODESTAS MANAFORT RE #RUSSIA IS BEING INVESTIGATED?? #FACTS ONLY!
Wouldn't he have to have grounds?
#savetheACA
The Democarts go too far.  Interference with Gov business & President.  Getting old, you look like a bunch of fools.  Global embarrassment!
Thank the goddess #IMPEACHtrumpPresidentIDIOT
Podesta sent an email to DNC, stating he wanted to make an example of leaker.   Do you think he meant Russia?  Inside job, Seth Rich!
There was a hearing because sessions was at a cocktail party with a Russian you did nothing for clintons taking money and obama on open mic
#hysterical why are women still treated like children who should be seen and not heard, but men are "strong" w/same action? Persist!
Can Mueller look at business-related crimes related to Trump/Kushner organizations?
He must release his tax returns!
No doubt, Russians want to interfere with our elections.  Serious doubt that Russia used Wikileaks to expose.  Do you really believe that?
These hearings keep shifting the reason you r questioning the wrong ag if hacking done it was on lynch and comeys watch it is unamerican
Do the Russians have any kompromat on rosenstein? What about the next in line, and the next. I'm sure there's a bork in there somewhere.
Comey testimony indicts Lynch as obstructionist. Comey let's Hillary off, decision past his pay grade. Reopen Hillary criminal investigation
Bret Hume is on Fox, he just said that the last time he saw Dianne Feinstein, you were dining with a Russian ambassador.  Means nothing!
He could fire the DAG as well
We know that.  Heard it on that silly interrogation of Sessions.  How long will Dems kick an empty can d the alley?
What?
I am moderate (57% Rep & 43% Dem).  Dems are clueless and keep pushing more mods to the right.  End the baseless witch hunt & get to work.
Baseless???
Yes.  That is being kind.  It really is a completely fabricated witch hunt.  Democrats look like immature, obstructionist, sore losers.
But can Trump instruct DAG Rosenstein to fire Mueller?  If Rosenstein does not comply can Trump fire DAG Rosenstein?
Exactly It's like Groundhog Day. Trump has some serious reason why he wants this "Russia thing" stopped. He obstructs it at every turn
Jesus F Christ. The horse is dead, will you please stop beating the poor creature?
I didn't catch anyone talking about firing Mueller except the conspiracy peddlers.
take this troll tweet for instance.
#peddleforward
Diane, fooled again like so many of your colleagues into a #FakeNewsMedia  story
And your point?  Do you think "we the people"are dumb?  Next
Sessions recused himself and still fired Comey though?
That's all well and good - but what if Trump fires Rosenstein?
Yet another great example of the DC swamp regardless of party affiliation
Why no questions abt resignation letter?
Trump hasn't said he would fire Mueller. It's fake news
that's nice.  When are you bringing Former AG Lynch in to explain her malfeasance?
Honestly? You're a grown ass man and you know THIS is the administration now. What is wrong with you? You know better
You're a breath of fresh air. Great Q's
And?
The only reason Coats, Rogers, & Sessions wont talk is b/c they would confirm the Pres.'s obstruction of justice.  There's no other reason.
Move on Dianne!Quit trying to create a firestorm when there isn't one!This is getting so tiring and ridiculous !Don't you have a job to do?
@jeffsessions He should be held in contempt! He lied, he knows, everyone knows it! There has to be consequences Senator!
Pushing real hard.  He must be one of yours !!!
Duh !
Then why did a recused Sessions weigh in on Comey's firing?
Even the orange one is not that stupid.  He's gonna ride this horse til it drops.  On top of him, hopefully.
Nice observation TX1
Is it up 2 Republicans 2 hold them Accountable for not answering Questions Coats,Rogers Sessions Well Rosenstein wouldn't commit 2 that
.. and you need to watch him like a hawk!!!! Don't trust him!!
We need extreme measures to remove GOP we are on the road to authoritarianism.Does discrediting institutions ring any bells?
Which means Rosenstein is next up to get canned
Think so? I don't know anything about him. But I don't like him.
He's a good guy. Apptd Mueller for all the right reasons. I have feeling Trump has it in for Rosenstein since he can't really touch Mueller
Well there's certainly enough reason
Thank you. We think that was established previously. What we want to know is what exactly is being investigated?
@maddow  Att Gen Sessions says he's never been briefed on Russian interference then says there is no collusion..What?
How do all you nutcakes feel being in the Party of LOSER !!!
I was so happy to see this!! I just hope that the DAG can hold his ground because i'm sure Trump might challenge him.
Yes, but he can change the regulation and give president same authority as others in DOJ.
Senator where are the subpoenas for sessions and coats invalid privilege assertion. @SenatorBurr use that pen.
Have admit Senator very disappointed in your questioning today! You need to step up your game!!
We your constituents demand you have a plan in place should Mueller be fired anyway!!! BE PREPARED!!
If Mueller is fired, it will blow my mind.
Not me, i wouldn't put it pass Trump, he thrives on controversy...that's what makes him unpredictable, sure we know he tweets but ."content"
Chaos and division between people who work for him. He loves it. No one can trust Trump. He'll throw employees under the bus in a hot second
Why didn't you ask about Lynch's leftovers in Justice collusion?
But Trump can fire Rosenstein
And Rosenstein wouldn't give a clear cut answer as to whether or not he will allow Mueller full investigative authority.
Trump can just repeal the DOJ regulation that creates the Special Counsel position, and then Bob Mueller loses all authority to investigate.
This BS and bullying has to stop somewhere. Are we going to let this Cabinet and President give our country to RUSSIA?
rumor going round congress allowed that rule/law to expire
if Rosenstein refuses he can fire him&go to assistant & from what I am seeing you dont' have many ppl in GOP willing to stand up on anything
No one trusts the DOJ or the WH right now.  It's a major problem
Not true.  And you know it.
