Does Trump understand the renewal of hate and distrust he has stirred up?
He's killing Puerto Rican's with neglect. The relief efforts are dismal, we need more support from all of you! Please!
And you haven't?
YOU hurt those milion by passing that flawed bill in the first place!!
Yep. It's all about him
His jealousy of President Obama  is disgusting. Is wifey proud parading around with such a deplorable?
Diane just shut up already!!! You and other democrats are the problem not PRESIDENT TRUMP!!!
Can u impeach him4 vindictive obstruction&destruction of Law? WHY can't Trump be booted, Stopped,&if not jailed how bout ForcdRetirement?
CA has been run by democrats for a decade and now has the highest poverty rate in the country. Take some responsibility.
#trump are
#trumpcare
Yes, it is appalling so why isn't Congress doing something to fix this or stop DT? DO SOMETHING BESIDES TWEET!
Things need to be taken apart in order to reconstruct. What's wrong is Dems hidden motive with insurance companies stock
Everyone's heard of the Midas Touch. The Trump Touch destroys everything in sight. He truly is an evil person.
???
Trumpcare, YABADABADOO !!!
Barney Rubble: Well, my friend Fred isn't well. He got hit on the head by a bowling ball....YABADABADOO!!!!!
Then do something. Democrats' inaction is appalling. Stop ALLOWING that bloated toad to destroy the country.
The Republicans Control Everything!! Not Sure why you are Calling the Dems inaction Appalling, They Have been the ONLY 1s 2 Stand
I wish they would b more vocal n Washington&media.The public needs 2 know they think 45 is unfit 2 b Pres & that they r working 2 get 45 out
Couldn't tweet earlier because I was working and paying my taxes...surprised everyone else has so much time to whine
Many are working & paying taxes. That doesn't stop them from being to busy to voice concerns that 45 is destroying our country via ex orders
Do your job Senator if you feel that strongly about it.
I agree!Reps&Dems response 2 45 is"full of sound & fury signifying nothing".GOP can stop 45's craziness if they wanted 2.Self-interest rules
So are you. You keep trying to take away our right to bear arms, and it's treason. You disgust me every day, with every action you make
Is trump providing any assistance to California to deal with the fire emergency ?  If not, why not?
If California got Federal emergency funds
After despicable way we treated Trump
We Californians should Trump's feet from now til Jesus comes
No one seemed to care when Obama did all his executive orders to get what he wanted. And y'all are bashing TRUMP!! Get over yourselves.
You people who are bashing PRESIDENT TRUMP are so wrong about him. He is a great PRESIDENT!!!
Stop lying! Reembursement to Insurance Companies was NEVER funded by Congress. It's already been ruled illegal by the Federal court.
Why is he saying it'll cost tax payers nothing? Billions is nothing? @realDonaldTrump
Appealing is the lack of action and problems being solved by the house and Senate.... Shame on you Dianne
Fed court ruled last year that part of Obamacare was illegal since not passed by Congress.  Trump is just following the law. Dems screwed up
Yes, appalling, what are we going to do about it?
Obamacare has benefit drug addicts, welfare recipients, illegal aliens and foreigners that come to deliver Anchor Babies in the U.S. paid for/by American taxpayers.
End Affordable Healthcare Act aka Obamacare now.
Diane, please stop this maniac!
Such s sad time we are in
Let’s get him out if there.
Fossil fuel exploration & production subsidies $20.5 billion annually.
ACA reimbursements are $7 billion in 2017 
 $9 billion in 2018.
Talk no action ... you also hurt California by not helping pass #SinglePayer  Yes we still remember  cause other countries have done it but
We just can’t we are the most powerful richest but nope can’t do single payer lol wow
Obama didn’t have the power to appropriate that money so Trump stopped another obama unconstitutional move
Obama care put all of us (middle class) in the poor house.  Thank you @POTUS for opening up health insurance to compete.
@BillClinton did say ACA was the “craziest thing in the world” ... funny how liberal @TheDemocrats ignore this
And he has just learned by watching you and your cronies operate
Work together or go home.
No you're appalling
I guess the Millions U hurt by taxing A  to pay for B  do not count ??
We’ve been begging lawmakers to do something about him AND MAKE SURE THIS DOESNT HAPPEN AGAIN
Regular Americans can’t do anything but tell our representative to DO THEIR JOBS- and asking for donations in response is disquieting
Really...  you compromised the NSA by allowing confidential documents released... VOTE HER OUT
He and the deplorables don’t give a shit
Not political, just personal animus at Obama, who humiliated him at WH Correspondent's Dinner. He's a small, ignorant, vicious man-baby.
Give up your Cadillac health policy we the people pay for and deal with the mess you shoved down our throats
You have allowed the Small Business employees to have their health insurance destroyed.  Across state lines helps us.  Please retire.
We know
You mean like you did when you supported the Clinton crime bill that more than doubled the number of black men in prison? #VoteThemOut
Apparently do not believe in supply and demand economics
Do something about Trump, please.
Grow up
So do you still think he could be a good president? Ugh. Please retire; we need a new, more progressive person to represent California!
What's your message going to be Senator hard line or pussy?
Lol...
No when the D’s came up with the ACA and hurt millions of American’s by sometimes doubling their healthcare cost is appalling!
This describes pretty much all of his messaging lately… and always.
My wife and I are going to have to go w/out insurance for the first time in our lives because we can’t afford it. Hope we don’t get sick.
The blood is on the hands of 45
What political message? That he's a jealous POS and wants to destroy everything Prez Obama did?
Please stop lying to America-the needy will still receive Medicaid but insurers are getting rich on unauthorized subsidies & that must end.
Under ACA,costs exploded & middle class bears burden.Obama gave UNAUTHORIZED subsidies to insurers & this must be changed! Pres is right!
There isn't a word strong enough to describe this despicable man.
But one for you it could be a man part
No actually you are by letting the illegals thinks they gave a voice in our country and you are backing them instead of the Americans
News Flash: America didn't elect a priss. We elected a WARRIOR. He doesn’t lose. Get on board or get called out. Wise up, Dianne-RETIRE.
Did we expect TRUMP to do anything kind anything wise or anything humane. He approaches anything OBAMA&tries to leave it scorch earth
And we are just letting him”toss”paper towels” at the things that need pumps and dredges he has no more idea of what to do than a Orangat
We’ve gone from a Nobel laureate to a TRUMP
but is help 10's of million more by giving them a better marketplace to chose their insurance. Thank you @POTUS
No, the Democrats are responsible for this travesty purported on the good people by the Democrats under the failed Obama administration, now it is left to Trump to fix! Feinstein out of touch!
@realDonaldTrump does not see us as people.  He sees us as pawns, as fodder for his cannons.  He is a man without ethics and empathy.
Lol
Well, it's YOUR fault Miss Obstruction !
still to early for impeachment talk ?
Why maxine can help
#GOPTrumpCare 
#GOPTrumpCare
#ACAsabotage 
@GOP you own this! 
#VoteNoGOP
Just give everyone the same insurance that senators get at the same covered level with everything covered by taxes we otherwise hate to pay
What was you expecting?
Why isn't anyone taking to task not implementing Russ sanctions
Stop bitching and do your job and legislate
Your face hurts people
Didn't bother you dems to  force this loser on us unsuspecting saps.
The idea of so mAny going bankrupt trying 2 save their lives is heartbreaking.
Stop lying to us. The subsidies that are part of the plans will continue to be payed. It’s the non-appropriated payments that will stop.
New York's Eric Schneiderman just announced a multistate lawsuit against this horrific executive order. He's a rockstar!
Won’t do any good court said your boy obozo violated the law
Is trump or
Impeach him #25amendment anything to get him out of office. He is unfit for office a danger to our country
It's deadly. He is a monster. #Unfit
Get a bipartisan group together   Fix the ACA and the subsidies. Handwringing time is over. @SenatorCollins @senmccain @lisamurkowski
Let's just call it a message.
A very heartless and hateful message but Trump knows nothing about politics.
Why oh why do you complain on Twitter every day? It's not just you every congressperson does it.  People want change
Name one thing Socialist Democrats in Congress have accomplished since Nov. Come on, one major item of legislation. Congress is worthless.
Don't pass the blame... this is all YOU .

Trump had nothing to do with creating o bamacare

YOU OWN THIS SHITSTORM
It’s horrible!
Impeach him already!!!!
R u sure he is smart enough to send a political message?  I think he is sending a hate message!  His hate of obama clouds his judgment !
Yeah... That you're not the president Dianne. Time to quit old hag.
Private foundations will not be able to make up this much loss.  It will deplete them to a point where it becomes impossible to help.
Why did u not work on a new one,u knew obama care was imploding.To busy running again?Try comprising, it's the only way forward.
Sounds like what obama did
Hopefully he has the ability to learn and change... can’t wait for you to be primaried
If her meds will keep up
He doesn't give a damn
Office Holders Are Tweeting How Bad This Announcement Is. We All Agree, But What The Hell Are You Doing About It? You’re Suppose To Fight!
It only takes 14 senators to impeach him what are you waiting for?
Is that true I was just reading it will take the republican house majority to start an investigation
If we only need 13 that should be easy!!!  Do it now!
I hate to BUST your bubble Dianne, but, it's called "Let the insurance companies compete for business".   Capital Medicine. It's a good deal
The only competition it has urged. Is how much they can get away with charging for any services you need to stay healthy and survive. Shame!
Then Appropriate the funds Senator!!!  The President is not allowed to withdraw funds from Treasury if fund not Appropriated.
That's also what you, obama and the rest of the Dems did to start all of this. Thank god we never got to single payer.Capitalism can correct
RT @POTUS  @realDonaldTrump took the 1st step in legalized mass murder by executive order against #Obamacare. It was an #ACAsabotage
It’s also nothing new. Stop letting the GOP congress enable him and impeach him before we all die.
A couple democrats have tried shouldn't matter what party this man is a lunatic out to destroy us all but it is going to take GOP support
Totally agree. At what point does he cross the line for enough people in congress to act
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP @Heritage . when an entire nation calls against a leadership. this HOUSE and SENATE must come to ORDER. it is our law.
So sad, what happen to FLOTUS and her bully program?????
I hope other countries denounce us & penalize us so the GOP will pull their heads out of their spineless uncaring asses
Better check yours antie
”the government cannot legally continue to pay the so-called cost-sharing subsidies because they lack a formal authorization by Congress”
Enough tweets. Action against this criminal terrorist president. Now.
But totally consistent with everything we've ever known about him.
He is a NIGHTMARE!!!
How? Because CNN MSNBC told you
Your appalling not understanding three branch system. #Termlimits SHOULD OF READ THE BILL
Time to stop calling it Obamacare and call it Trumpcare. He’s ruining it, let him own it.
You’re right. He should’ve done nothing and allow OBAMACARE to fail on its own as it has been declining since its inception
No... Dimms are hurting U.S. because they continue to OBSTRUCT @POTUS agenda! @SenSchumer & @NancyPelosi are killing Dimms and U.S.!
Managed care stocks up 300% (Bespoke Invstmnt Grp) vs. S&P 500 up 135.6% since Obama Care cost-sharing! Stop Subsidizing Insurance Companies
Now there you go using facts
THEN DO SOMETHING.
She's not in the majority
Nor in her right mind
Nothing like misguiding folks. Partial truth
My finances are skyrocketing I've no complaints.
Analysts will tell you that the stock market growth has nothing to do with president and is unpredictable.
Agreed...now what can we do about it? Can Congress ignore his executive order like the others...if so, please do!
Same insurers had record profits last two years.Wonder why upset? Bill Clinton:" OCare is craziest thing Ive ever seen for working families"
