Thank you Senator.  Please, please, use all parliamentary tactics possible to delay vote until after emails are released.
I'm pretty sure that's not an effective way to organize society.
No (duh).  Rather, "We will enforce law A if you enforce law B" isn't an effective way to organize society.
For example, would it be reasonable to say "anyone who's been here X years and hasn't committed a crime -- not a priority?"
you are wrong here, wish you could see that. Feeling completely #unrepresented here.
Let's all look toward the future 
Endorse Keith Ellison!
@pulmyears 
his emails may force his resignation
2 Dem. senators voted to confirm him. Will you support their primary challengers? If not, empty talk.
we are behind the fight Senator!
@iamfonda ...and congratulations on him getting sworn in today!
The entire ship is not fit to lead
please you have approved all but 4 appointees! Time for you to step down and the younger and ready to fight into your seat!
I'm not impressed with your service, haven't been for the last 6 plus years! Step down you aren't halting us at all!
you have room to talk,UNFIT
You stand by while Government's abuse their power by lawsuits against constituents for a certain outcome favoring #EPA
Thank you for opposing Pruitt! Please keep fighting corrupt #45 and his policies! #ImpeachTrump #UnfitToLead #unfitforoffice
how long has he been in charge of the epa- 1 or 2 days? You Democrats hate everyone not exactly like you - no tolerance !!
thank you! I have appreciated your leadership over the years and am thankful you are opposed to his nomination
I'm not worried about Scott Pruitt's ability to lead EPA.  I am worried about @SenFeinstein ability to represent us. She needs to step down
We are going to withdraw your Nazi style regulations.
Your unfit to be in government!
.@SenFeinstein #AnimasRiver #FlintWaterCrisis #OrovilleDam... if only there was an Agency for the Protection of the Environment.
go!
Thank you for your anticipated vote against Pruitt
So get busy and make sure that he isn't elected.
Again, person looses home because of rain water drastic change is needed. EPA perfect example of Govn't totally Out of Control
We need another election. This one stinks to high heaven.
I hope you can convince some #GOP colleagues the same.
Thanks for fighting for our planet, Senator! #OpposePruitt
Tell CA voters how many of @POTUS nominee's you HAVE voted for.  None.  Congressional terrorist with Pelosi. Disgusting
how's the dam?  Government at its best!
you need to step down. Now
I Agree with you!
Please uncover the dirt and keep him from getting confirmed.
Fight this nomination Senator Feinstein. He is not fit to serve.
@NancyLeeGrahn oppose Scott Pruitt'n
Thank you from Pasadena, CA!!! #NoOnPruitt #resist
As usual Republicans want dirty air and water. How well would that go over with voters. Dems are done, admit it
@NancyLeeGrahn @SenateGOP #VoteNoOnPruitt
@NancyLeeGrahn  I'm not from California but I'm worried too!  Thank you for standing up for the environment!
Thank you
thank you! This saves me having to make countless calls to your offices, only to have no one answer and no way to leave a msg.
Yes @SenFeinstein ! Thank you.
steals taxpayer money. Inside deals, husband gets government contracts. CORRUPT.
Please postpone vote until after he produces the 3,000 pages of documents court ordered him to produce on Tuesday!
please delay vote till the emails have been read.
Even if he did, AG Sessions wouldn't prosecute. How did YOU vote on Sessions confirmation?
fight against his nomination. Hold strong 
thank you. Please push for Pruitt to release emails.
I'm not worried one bit.
it is because they are stupid and want to see the state bankrupt itself...
He's so unfit stall the vote till reports come out Tuesday
You are unfit to be a Senator.  You have no empathy for working people in CA.  Shame on you!
He's unfit for American politics!
not just Californians!
so you want to continue to destroy our country with reckless regulations?
Ur doing great things Senator. We appreciate ur diligence and moral compass.
save mother nature
yes. Just like all other people Trump has selected.
thank you!
Please stop this man.  He is dragging our nation into a place we won't be able to come back from.  I & others are so afraid
Speak up!  Speak out!  Stand up in Congress!  Represent us Californians!
RED FIRE ALARM. This man cannot be head of EPA! Please treat this as the emergency that it is.
How many Rep. Senators have aligned with you to vote no? Get them on board!
Not all of us! CA has the mist overburdensome EPA restrictions in the USA. Time for a change
Thank you.
Thank you. Keep opposing all of these manifestly unqualified nominees please.
thank you!
you are unfit to lead...
@LeslieMarshall what would that b turn rivers orange and destroy a city's public water works aka Flint .
Pruitt isn't interested in there being an EPA. He will only help decommission the EPA.
So if there's a vote you vote No?
Yes, we are worried. @SenateDems must vote no. Thank you.
please stop him
did you fix the dam yet in California? I'm worried you won't!
I hope you can make your colleagues from ND and WV understand that
@PrincessBravato WATCH RACHAEL!!!!!!
Don't be worried that he won't, he's guaranteed not to.
Thank you for standing up to Scott Pruitt. He is a disaster!
we too in NY agree we are extremely concerned ... especially considering  the gutting already taking place! Thx u
please oppose any and all modifications to the endangered species act!! #resist
@bizacco 
Watching MSNBC
On Him Right Now
@MaddowBlog Yet some Dems willing to vote for him! Tonight's Rachel Maddow Show opening should be mandatory for ALL senators
Even his own staff is trying to block him. 100% not fit to serve!
How about Californians that are worried @SenFeinstein is unfit to represent us in general? Time to step down Dianne.
...but... you're in Hawaii....she represents California....
Scott Pruitt Directly Involved in BOTCHED Execution of Lockett in 4/2014, looked at WikiLeaks for Drugs to Use, wh/was ILLEGAL
the EPA is one of the single biggest polluters in this country, but you're fine with that because it's government
God I hope so. They have added millions in extra costs to every thing we buy.
thank you. Your line was busy so glad we're on same page!
That's an understatement.  He is poised to dismantle the EPA.  Protecting the environment used to be a bi-partisan issue
Thank you, I support your NO vote!!
#Calexit republicans r all 4 states rights. Ignore him & keep Cali clean. Don't give up on Russia connection 2 election.
Concern not only that Pruitt won't enforce existing fed environ laws but that he will work against Calif protections as well.
Yet you bypass our environmental laws by supporting massive imports from countries that don't observe ANY environmental laws!
As a native Californian- I don't want Scott Pruitt anywhere near California. Reject Pruitt as head of EPA
Thank you!
good, Californians share your concern. Fight with all you've got.
When they get finished deregulating everything, there won't be any environmental laws, ...or environment to lead.
The New Party of NO!!!
Enforce our immigration laws as well.
Just how did you take care of the DAM?
fight for us!!!
Unelected true believers in EPA have been out of control for years. Reality check; adults are in charge & that party is OVER!
@WOOKIE318 Yes, we are very worried about this appointment. Our beautiful state and its resources must be protected.
You people are worried about any appointment that is not a democrat.
STOP Pruitt, Idiot Pres demonstrates when Loses Flynn/Labor Cand. the next one chosen is Much Better!! And Filibuster SCJ pick
thank you Senator!  BTW your voice mailbox is full.
been calling her office for years and can't even get to the mailbox
There ain't no $ for EPA, Space programs, pork barrel $. UR state is BK #49 in ed, with an epidemic of illegals. OMG! Wake up!
Tell that to DINOs Heidkamp and Manchin!!
Thank you to you and @SenKamalaHarris . #resist #persist
@RoyBlunt For the love of God Roy, please vote no.
Thank you for keeping up the good fight, and I completely agree.
Actually we are worried about the Oroville Dam and other things that have been left undone...
Part 3 of the @NancyPelosi, @SenWarren, ditz team.
Thank you.
You didn't have any concern when Obama refused to enforce existing Immigration Laws!  #hypocrisy  #TermLimits
Yes he is. Everyone Trump chose is the worst possible choice and unqualified, as if his goal is to destroy each department
TOTAL SHUTDOWN OF GOVT TILL SPECIAL PROSECUTOR TRUMP RUSSIA TIES #TREASON #RUSSIANCOUP
I pray Pruitt gets in. What about the dam, Dianne? Fishes get more attention than public safety.
I'm so glad to hear you say that! Thank you!
I am worried this Admin will dismantle EPA. Are you willing to fight for it? This is your last term: what's your legacy?
how about you guys work on your lil damn situation
WELL SAID SENATOR......
@SenKamalaHarris Please strive to pause the process until court ordered docs can be reviewed by committee/senate.
Thank you for representing me so well. Fight on! #ShePersisted #resist
thank you senator!
Does this mean a NO vote?  Please persuade your GOP colleagues to wait to vote until the documents are released.
Have another round Di. It'll only hurt for 8 more years. If you're lucky
rumour is the @EPA will be shut down. Is this true?
I agree as well.
I agree.
