I don't TRUST YOU @SenFeinstein as you are A SANCTUARY CITY supporter!!!! Friends with Hillary Clinton who started ANTIFA USA! #MNYGA
So, you're pro fascism?
My wish for you Beth is that you learn the TRUTH.
Critical thinking skills not your forte, are they?
It's always a personal attack when you have a losing argument and a failed policy. We know what you are! You are outnumbered!
Anti fa means anti facist. Pro free speech means letting ppl protest.

So.

Critical thinking skills are NOT your forte.
My critical thinking is fine toots... what is stupid is your interpretation of the antifa crowd as somehow being free speech they are goons.
#GOP: Par for the course.
She's lying to you.  Do your own research and stop listening to fake news.
You need to check your sources
Deduction cancellations cancel so called increases
I thought you liberals wanted to get rid of all the loopholes.  Not until it's your loophool.  Got it, I totally understand now.
My thoughts completely! Why are republicans so focused on harming middle and lower income Americans with health care & tax cuts?
The tax cuts are not for the rich, they are for the lower and middle class.  Start thinking for yourself, quit being so dam obedient.
Maybe you should check out the numbers. The breaks for companies and the wealthy will fall on the backs of middle & lower income families
And to make up the difference, they will cut much needed programs like Social Security & Medicare!
It won't get cut, we will leave all this debt for our children because we are just so special
#HoldTheLine Make sure this is DOA until Trump is forced to release his complete tax returns.
Yah, DACA TOO.
as a career politician, you find it difficult to tell the truth,
They are not Republicans they are extremists that highjacked our party and it's over.
You need to be better educated and learn to use another tactic other than CLASS WARFARE! Pathetic!
Thank you, Senator Feinstein.
You will require Trump to produce his tax returns first. #NoReturnsNoVote Is this clear?
Started to reply to some of the snide comments here but realized they were all bots :) GOP plan continues their robber baron giveaway.
After taking the deduction which the plan doubles.
It's a #tax HIKE for the poor! Let that sink in. #ImpeachTrump
The poor don't pay taxes......
What are Democrats doing to combat this & what as American voters can we do? We are tired of feeling helpless while country being destroyed!
How is California doing, financially?

Seems it is rich Democrates, who spin it as a break for the rich because more of their income will go to the gov. Then in their pockets!
DEMOCRATES stated rich pay less taxes, because of allowed deductions,so by illiminating deductions,would mean more income for the government
How does it benefit the rich? If they cant take deductions, that gives the government more of their money.
I did the math. As a middle class, married tax payer who itemizes, I'll pay more.Loss of state & real estate tax deductions is HUGE.
As a middle class taxpayer, I have not been able to itemize for years.  How much do you make?  How much do y ou spend? How big is your house
They take away my mortgage interest deduction and local property tax deduction, my taxes increase.
mortgage interest stays.
If you double the standars deduction then when u try to deduct your mortgage interest it wont be enough so u have to take the standard
Depends on how big ur mortgage interest & other deductions are. Deduction for real estate tax is gone. So some people may now take standard.
Its not gone what r u talkin bout? It only benefits peeps who have over 500k homes. Last i checked thats only the top 1%
Payback doesn't feel good does it. You refuse to work with Potus and GOP.
How would it be a tax cut for the rich, when deductions are illiminated?
Ms Feinstein, why can’t anything be done about this insane madman before he totally destroys this country and all of us too? Please please
Senator, this is a lie, know you are not responsible for posting a lie. Pls have your staffer check the facts before smearing your name.
It's really amazing, as well as unbelievable to me, that the Republicans keep attempting to pass one horrible bill after another
Do you take the time to actually read & study the bills?  Or do you just like to be hateful?
I did & it's a big pay check to the rich.
Then you are a liar.
Time to play offense.  Where is  a solid democrat plan?
Hand over your paycheck, and we'll take care of you.
Tax cuts for rich people unite Republicans in Congress. We can blame Trump for a lot, but tax cuts for rich people? That's the party line.
That the liberal lies.  One after another.
I saw all tax categories except those at the bottom have tax reductions. Those at the bottom get tax hike. So thoughtful of the repubs.
It doubles you deduction, so you pay taxes after @$24000 instead of $12000. Those at bottom pay no taxes period.
The Repub's need to go too!  Get them out now!  Impeachment has to happen.  We the people are demanding it, NOW!
You people lost your voice
I think you have your parties confused.  That would be the liberals that are bought and sold by Saudi, says Hillary,
Maybe you could explain how this is a tax cut for the rich?  I don't see it. EXPLAIN. Race card, 1%ers, gays, give some examples.
The $20 trillion now due is going to be left to our descendents. U refuse to discuss Medicare and SS, we live LOTS longer now.
Which working Americans? Do my family good. U mean the rich in Calif 
& NY that have enough to deduct? Thought u guys wanted to pay more?
Can we secede from the Union?  The lack of mortgage interest deduction is a deal breaker.  My taxes are going up.
Doubt you even read it... just keep pandering
So how is eliminating SALT deductions a benefit for the rich?
Y'know there has never been proof that cannabis causes any significant harm to users or society? Science denier..
The little guy needs the property tax deductions. These make a difference on being able to afford to send kids to school!
give me a break; you are just upset that this President wants to help the poor and middle class!!  Prove your point or go
Oh SHUT UP!  You didn't give a damn about backroom deals and no input when you held all the power.  Just SHUT UP!
Donald Trump has got the GDP over 3% when Obama could never even come close to that number for 8 years so I think we know what's going on
Blah blah blah same old talking points year after year. Look at our current GDP growth. Liberals have no idea how to run the government
what a joke. Ca needs to quit dumping excessive taxes on their citizens. This has nothing to do with DC. Sales tax also.
Clearly you didn't read the layout... maybe we should pass it first before YOU know whats in it. LMAO
Any tax cut is for the "rich" according to tax-addicted, punitive Dems.
Why do you lie so much I hope you  realize that your losing big % of your base your now call the party of  obstructionists
Same old wore out dem talking pts, gets old
She is just continuing to push Obamas agenda,hurt president Trump. Of course it's not bad it's not by the democrats
Left CA in 2004 because of high local and state taxes used for Dems pet projects. Bankruptcy is coming to CA. Scary how money is spent their
Didn't Chuck just say that this plan will "clobber" we-to-do congressman? So which is it? Does it help or hurt the rich. Make up your minds.
Are you ignorant or stupid? Gas tax hike, sales tax on used vehicles and more in Cal! You lost your right to comment on taxes.
@thedemocrats choose to abstain from imput with the #resist #neverTrump agenda. get on board #AmericaFirst
You're exactly right. GOP doesn't care about middle class, only care about their puppet masters - the wealthy, corporations. #TaxFairness
Aww...liberals only like to spend OTHER people's money.  Tsk. Tsk.  #Taxbluesforbluestates
__Lower and middle class Tennessee taxpayers should not be forced to support the rich in California and New York. Ridiculous.
More lies.  More BS. More of the same tone deaf crap from the same liars.  You need to retire. You are dead wrong here again!
Liar
Top 1% (income > $465,000) made 21% of all the money and paid 39% of all income taxes. See TaxFoundation-FF540-2.pdf
u dianne r the non starter-take a hike
have you even read it?  if so...you are a liar!
Why should people in the fly over states subsidize communist CA?  Cry me a river.
This is going to be a huge tax increase for California homeowners who deduct property taxes. Plus will depress home values significantly.
wow, now that is a whopper of a lie, Dianne.
besides the senator and other government officials/workers,  who here receives a pay check from a poor person? show of hands.
#CROOKEDDONALD
CAPITAL HILL SHOULD COME TO FULL STOP UNTIL OUR CITIZENS IN #PuertoRico GET THE HELP THEY NEED. Y'ALL ARE LETTING PEOPLE DIE! FFS!
Lying per usual
6 million upper class Californians would have to pay more taxes.  Who's helping the rich?  Hypocrite!
But they keep saying they want to pay more taxes, I don't get what the problem is?
A non starter?  Taking tax loophole for the wealthy in NY and Calif?  Makes no sense Dianne.
Its smoke and mirrors! Tax plan benefits Trump, Oligarch, Corporations & Wall Street
Average American 0

Then get your ass in their and start talking and help them make the plan better. You're just grand standing on obstruction right now
@Michael56318306 Taxes affect all Americans. It should be bipartisan. Do something right. We all live in the same country!
FACT CHECK. TRUMP IS ALL ABOUT HIS FAKE SELF. IF HE WASN'T ALWAYS IN CAMPAGIN MODE HE WON'T KNOW HOW TO FILL HIS DAY. PLEASE LAME-DUCK HIM
Stop the #KochWhores
And your point is?????? Of course it is
Hang on. It's going to be a rough ride to get this put out of it's misery. They don't want another loss.
STOP YOUR CLASS WARFARE! Remove Taxpayer TEET from sacred cow Dem entitlement spending! Do Hard Work... Do Bipartisan Work! #TaxReformForALL
Please Retire!
Can you tell how shocked I am from the other side of this tweet? Oh my! 

#Resist

Christohobic US senator tries to apply a religious test on judicial nominee. Christophobia has no place in America http://www.wnd.com/2017/09/top-democrat-defends-grilling-trump-nominee-about-faith/ …
Sen Fein pls be Humane & Caring to the 95 million out of work Americans that Ur Dem Party  economic plan put out of work over last 8 yrs.
Here's more proof @SenFeinstein that even a broke clock is right twice a day
Please spread the word far and wide.
So what are you obstructionist dems proposing, you do know poor people don't create jobs rich people do!
Keep saying; forget what Trump says, watch what he does! When someone lies continually, trusting his word is useless!
Californians will not be harmed if California stops waste, corruption, cronyism, cuts state taxes, fees. $9 Billion gone, High Spd Rail Scam
Obamacare was passed in a similar way. why should taxpayers outside of your state subsidize your absurd tax rates?
ofcourse it is, why the f*** do they hate americans so much, theyre trying to destroy and kill us, this congress are traitors to america...
Get a new script your talking points are old!!!
Make trump release taxes before any vote on this so called tax reform bill. It is a non starter.
The health care bill is not a health bill. Is a tax cut for the rich bill
Its a Mafia/Sopranos style bust out, leaving the USA in bankruptcy. This is the classic Mob greed game played at a very high level.
#TaxCutsForTrustFundBabies 
Let's see #TaxReturns and personal investment portfolios from Congress, Cabinet and Trump. #InvestigateCongress
There should be no tax legislation passed until we see at least the 5 most recent years of Trump's Tax Returns. @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems
Trump is always a non starter! He has to fill his own pockets! That is why the tax reform is for the rich!

Cant wait for mid terms, hope your up!!!!
When, not if, the Dems retake Congress, let's see that highest tax bracket raised to 50%, Corp tax loopholes slimmed down. Pay down debt.
What a surprise
I guess trump supporters, or the ones who are left , are masochists.They WANT their lives to be harder.They still believe this "man" cares.
Hey Diane ... do you have anything good to say about anything the republicans put out ? Work together
Screw this crap. Fellow Americans in Puerto Rico nd YOUR SUPPORT.  You are THE FEINSTEIN.  You nd to add MORE pressure on WH. NOW! PLS!
bologna
Funny. It would put more money in my pocket and I'm far from rich. I don't hear any grand dem plan
They’ve not provided real specifics and neither have you. Two different versions of the same bitter pill.
You're so out of touch with reality.  Time for you to retire.  I'm tired of your lies.
You dispirited despicable PO 
Nothing you haven't done in the past ......
Don't throw stones.
I was born and raised in CA and u guys have destroyed the economy. People could use a break and complaining about the rich?? U are the rich
You need to explain WHY it's bad&why GOP is lying to ppl. Don't assume people understand taxes - they don't
it has bigger personal deductions.
most of the unwashed masses don't itemize.
It's far better than the Democrat plan.
Anybody else see a pattern here?
#TaxReform #TaxFairness #TrumpTaxScam
Would encourage a level-head here! US has one of highest corporate tax rates in world. Let's take opportunity to simplify code
... hire so many workers & keep them employed for a period of time & if they don't then they should be made to pay back the savings!
Go get them Dianne!! No tax for the wealthy!! If businesses get a tax break to bring them back to US then they must have a stipulation to...
Senator!
That state & local tax deduction change is a slap in the face to many of us.
Huge slap.
We work hard & are ok paying Sunshine Tax
It's not fair for us to be penalized in CA NY NJ etc.

Look at non-state-tax states!
They have issues, that we fund to help.
What now?
Your state gives many benefits from your high taxes, why should my state residents suppliment you taxes. Your're free to move.
Which state?
How do you feel you supplement CA taxes?
I heard Paul Ryan and Trump last year talk about taxes. They want to shift taxes from the wealthy to the middle class
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA.
#Resist
Is this a joke? Was there a single bill the Dems passed with GOP or public input? Just name one.
It's amazing that you attack them for tax increases but say nothing about the massive tax burden shouldered by Californians from Dems!!
Stop trying to redistribute wealth, we r not a socialist country, do NOT penalize the rich,if everyone pays their share that's what is fair
Pretend you want Americans to prosper. You live in California with 9%+ state income tax. #fail
I believe Newt before you.
NEWT: Chuck Schumer trying to break down debt is like an alcoholic explaining the next beer could be a problem!

Newt LOVES Trump #TaxReform 
#TrumpTaxScam
Have you read it, Dianne???
THANK YOU  MORE TRUMP SMOKE AGAIN  Boo LOSER JUST GET OUT NOW TRAITORS  RUSSIAN PLAY BOOK 
My question to you is - what are you doing to get Puerto Rico the aid they so desperately need?
It is possible no one made their taxes till the president present his Taxes.
Start by showing tax returns trump. It's the only starting point for #TaxReform
I am really surprised that you don’t like reducing our taxes. It’s ok for you to raise our taxes.
If equal protection means anything, it means the poor and the rich pay the same tax rate or nothing at all.  Tax cuts for all.
They need to take 100 random regular people-poor 2 rich and do their taxes for them w/THEIR plan and see how it nets out.
good idea. I do taxes for Liberty. I tried to figure mine. But there's not enough detail yet.
Same old rhetoric. Aren't you tired yet?
Fight the plan Senator! I support your efforts!
Same old tiresome rhetoric from the Obstructionist Democrats... get to work Dianne !! If you can't do your job.... retire !!
No wonder democrats do not get elected, cannot stop lying. You would think at 80 years old you would give the tax payers a break
So now your doing taxes.  Good work on Obama Care. People will find out how much they'll get screwed.
How can the American people be certain Trump tax cuts will not be for his benefit, if he won't show his tax returns?
Ermmmm he has shown them and the WP also published them. Where have you been?
You and McCain need to retire.
Let’s be honest, no matter what the details of the plan said, @SenFeinstein would post this exact tweet.
You would say that.
I guess you'll be going shopping then!! Congratulations! More money for you, again! Btw, what's you tax plan look like?#HYPOCRISY -all talk
Fight it, Senator! Call the people pushing it liars!
The only one lying is the Senator.  Would you rather have this? http://mootsagootsa.com/thefuture.html 
Republicans/Russia
What a surprise! Dems are calling it a tax cut for the rich.... Oh no what will we do? The fear is overwhelming! I believe the sky's falling
That's classic. 
There is no proof that corporations need a break.
You were hired by the people to work for the people california is your baby all the homeless the hidden illegals you are fired!!
You dont have a clue
Moron
Liar
Raises! Employees get a raise by paying lower taxes and I will also pay less taxes so I can pay employees more! Dems wanr you poor
This is a personal Tax Plan designed by GOP/DINO Fox Trump to enrich & protect all the other foxes in the Trump house hiding in ourn WH!
No surprised with the administration!  How do we fight this bill?
Dianne Feinstein is a wealthy jew and she benefits Financially from her role in Government. She just wants to pretend to care about America
Wrong.
Seriously Diane? What don't you understand about lower taxes creating jobs? This is a typical Left mantra! Total garbage!
It's so despicable for Ds to be left out of the conversation.
Idon’t trust Congress; do you?
What is your plan? Do nothing but run every buddy else down.That's really going to help us!
But you have always won election with one of the largest sums of money spent. Who gives that large sum of money for nothing!
Her rich supporters are fighting it because they lose deductions. What else is new?  This bill is good for the middle class.
That means you'll be one of the first beneficiaries if it gets passed. What's the prob? if it is what you say it is, thank your lucky stars
What is your plan? You can sure bash everything else but I don't see your plan.
Pick up the phone and work with them. This is your job.
She won't try to fix anything. Just complain about it.
Aggravating.
DACA first.
It's a tax cut for all of us... Are you going to deny millions of American workers a raise?  Get your head out of your butt....
Exactly like Democrats in Sacramento.  No Republican or Independent input. Just ram it down The Taxpayers' throats. Hypocrisy at its finest
Y are you telling lies the tax plan is perfect for the hard working lower middle An middle class I know I am one of them y'all are pathetic
What's your definition of rich!
I'm all for the tax cut, unlike you're partner Bernie who want to raise taxes 52%
Sounds a lot like the passing of the ACA by Dems.
It's a little more then that..:
How many effing times do they need to learn? RECESSION EVERY TIME! 
Guess what GoP 
Your economic policies are FAILURES!4Brains!!!
Non starter? When will you define "Rich" and start working with the other side. There was nothing Trump said today that was not negotiable
Democrats didn't bring any Republicans to the table when you passed #ACA, nor did they ask for any input on anything over the last 8 years.
It must add taxes to political deals.
Great tax plan for the working men and women!
Perhaps you should put some input in rather than passing blame to #Republicans or the rich all the time. You may see a different result.
Are u including the middle class? Those stuck in the middle need this tax plan! Please stop thinking about the 1% and help working americans
here we go again with 'back room' secret legislation.  Can't this sort of thing be outlawed as unconstitutional??
Instead of insulting. Why not debate in public.
Don't know how to pay for tax cuts? Easy, CA coffers get emptier than they already are. Less federal $ for CA govt is acceptable to me!
So the dumbass demorat answer for everything is to keep status quo?
once again you are wrong give business tax break they can hire more people everyone wins stop trying to obstruct#MAGA
Somehow this action has resulted in CEO BONUSES 
Huge H1B Outsourced employees replacing American Citizens-forced to train replacements!!!
If you're so smart, why don't you provide a Tax Plan that would be better???  No one really likes people who just bitch & complain.
Not true
that's the lefts Talking points.always the same thing but they don't have a probelm filling their pockets!!
