Ms.Feinstein, 
U Continue To Support #DACA Illegals Who Disrespected Ms.Pelosi & Shouted Demands. Really?
#DACA 
#StopWastingOurTax$$$
Defend the dreamers!
I have a dream, let's live in a land of laws!
Check out the inscription at the base of the Statue of Liberty sometime
Quite right
Wait a minute.. we are talking about immigration correct. Why hasn't congress done what you wish. It's on there desks right now to decide.
There desks? Maybe that's the problem?
Inertia
Do you realize some have no idea they are not citizens? Imagine it's been discovered you are not a citizen and you are going to be deported
Motivated》not to be caught for breaking USA laws
Motivated》to live in USA illegally
Bright futures come from law abiding citizens.
Can we deport non native Americans who break laws here?
So go through the process like other immigrants before them
They have been waiting for years. Obama gave them rights and we shouldn't take them away after we gave it to them.
We didn't give them rights Obama did and we all know what kind of joke he is  maybe they can live with you Trump 2020
You don't care about them, only future votes!
Only 3% of them and your ow that. If the illegal kids were to vote Republican, you would send them back home faster than a speeding bullet!
We want you to retire already so we can get someone that cares for Americans not foreigners that push their agenda.Trojan horse.
If they are so ambitious, why hadn't they applied for citizenship!!!
We all have dreams not to vote Democrat,  but hey as long as daca exists guess that's your voting pool
Not all the dreamers are motivated if they were they would have gotten their paper work started to become legal stop the bullshit Trump 2030
It's your responsibility to follow the law! No Amnesty!
that's a bunch of Bullshit. deport them all
What about all the talented Americans that have degrees and can't find work due to illegals taking all the jobs?! Spare us ur lecture witch!
That was funny Dianne. Have you ever met with any, spent time in their homes? Of course not. Just pawns for votes
What about the criminals you want to give them citizenship to.what a shame.embarrassment.
Concerned about Russia that's funny we have a country next to us Mexico making our rules in California
Legal citizens had a dream they waited to become citizens.Proud of their country and flag.Respect.they don't demand freebies from taxpayers
If they had dream why didn't apply to be legal citizen.Speak English,Fly our http://flag.Assimilate.CA  is pushing Spanish in all elementary
Listen to this & stop lying to Americans!
OMG too bad They're not citizen's We have homeless starving kids of our own. They have no Respect They weren't taught to RESPECT MY COUNTRY!
They scream, demand & protest our laws. They're the most entitled people I've ever seen and they have 0 right to be here.
Deport the criminals now..
Illegals need to be removed from this country. Period
Pass the #DreamAct instead.  Never mind DACA.  It should be made irrelevant.  Pass the DREAM act now!
Great!  Then let them apply for US Citizenship like others are required to do and in the meantime keep them off welfare and social programs.
Actually DREAMers pay billions in taxes. And cannot receive Social Security even though they pay into that too.
Where do you get your FACTS! DREAMERS PAY BILLIONS IN TAXES 
Hahahahahahhahahaha 
Be truthful you just want Democratic votes Dreamer are not all great people.Why don’t you do that for Americans to reach thier dreams. Jobs
You are an American Citizen sworn to uphold the Constitution and represent your constituents FIRST!!!!!
They aren't motivated they are entitled by people like u who don't give a damn about actual legal Americans.
They have made it so you have to be bilingual to get a job in California.Thats not fair to Americans.Please don't run again
You dream of the 11 million votes you'll be getting from these criminals

You know what keeps young black males out of gangs and prisons?... JOBS
African American communities would like to know why @TheDemocrats are giving away their jobs and American Dream to illegals...
Did they come here legally or illegally illegally we already have laws in place if they follow the law no problem
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/California_Proposition_187 … passed overwelmingly but yet these liberalschoose to ignore or support. CA is the swamp actually or will be one day
it is akin to saying anyone in any country worth potential, drop off your kids to USA border, We will give them amnesty eventually bcos of U
Motivated is your take.  Their parents brought them here illegally and the parents should be sent back to return legally
BEEN HERE 6 YEARS. MUST ALL STILL BE BABIES. YOU ARE LIARS OBAMA RESPONSIBLE FOR THE ILLEGALS AND SHOOTINGS
DACA is CACKA Can anyone say DEPORTED?? #DreamAct #Dreaming
You can't disprove anyone claiming to be a Dreamer.  It opens door for everyone who wants to stay but arrived in an unknown way.
Are these flowery individuals the same ones that shouted down @NancyPelosi? How about we stop making blanket statements and deal with people on an individual basis.
I am sorry they do not embody anything american. Their parents broke a law and it has consequences. We cannot condone these
Why don't y'all elected officials come up with a plan to recognize all American Indian tribes on a federal level then talk about illegals 
Fuck the dreamers.  My wife was motivated....and honest....and waited her 5 years to come to this country.  Kick them out!

So what is your point stop talking pass a law make them legal. Talk talk talk all any of you in congress do
And you have taken in How many into your home?
How come we had to subsidize them all until adulthood? How much did that cost tax payers
Just think how well off they will be in their own country with a free American education. They should thank us!
No dreamers wanted.  Enter America legally. Must stop illegal immigrants
So then do your job and do something Dianne instead of whining and blaming!
These are our neighbors! We trust them with our children and parents. Proud to be a #Dreamer supporter
what makes them all so bright, so special, so committed, so motivated.  I'm tired of the senseless insulting Dem rhetoric
They re great. Just like us. They are us. There are too many off s. We should practice mandatory birth control.
U R generalizing! Because illegals brought them here they R "motivated?" How do U know that? It's unknowable. Typical politician BS!
The average #Democrat acts like they are just 6 years old. These are un-motivated socialists with no potential.  The sick, lame and lazy.
Wrong terminology again let's get it right dreamers = illegal aliens
Are these the same bright individuals who surrounded your buddy Nancy & kept yelling so she couldn’t be heard? Really “nice” individuals!
Dianne at age 6 these kids didn’t understand why they were here.
Illegals gotta go Dianne.  Please help the American citizens who voted you in to office.  Your only concern is for illegals and criminals.
So what you're saying is, they weren't born at the US so r not US citizens, and didn't choose to come here on their own since they r minors
But 9 years ago imposing biggest tax for failed healthcare was more important, now it's a big deal?
Bunch freeloaders like there parents when came to the USA
Congress was asleep at the wheel not noticing the financial problems of Puerto Rico over the past few years. Now millions of PR’s suffer.
Thanks for your work supporting this. My grandparents came from Poland in 1912.  Dad was on Omaha beach. This youth is our future.
#End DACA    We don't have Canadians feeling entitled! Why do hispanics! Change the world #CHANGE MEXICO! Send your protest there! NietoJob!
Shouldn't you be knitting in some expensive retirement resort by now? Please retire, you don't represent American citizens. Antifa denounces
Have you come up with a path to make them LEGAL? If not, shut up.
Perhaps some
Unlike American children of immigrants and the marginalized in our society who have no potential and we don’t care about —she forgot to say
Quit lying, Dianne!  The average #Dreamer came here ILLEGALLY when they were 12-13 yrs old.  #ENDDACA
She is a democrat so that is what she does...lie
Actually I'm a dreamer, I Dream of the day Americans wake up to the propaganda you and your kind spread and get rid of you.
Great with the free education they received, they should be sent back to their country and fill out the proper paper work for legal entry.
Why do you seem to care more about non-citizens than about US citizens who are also motivated with a lot of potential?

Stop. That's not how citizenship works.
American citizens also are "dreamers"
ICE arrests 500 illegal aliens in a sweep of sanctuary cities. 2/3 had criminal records. Potential? Yeah, potential to become criminals.
Honestly, senator u and your cohorts need to STOP thus garbage of a cic b4 he let's MORE people.die in PR and gets us in WWIII
Don't care anymore! As long as the Democrats are politicizing everything and running to media with your lies! I don't care anymore!! DONE!
The average American was born here and deserves first choice of employment and university education.
Yess! Problem we have is the White Supremacist in Office who bluntly attacks people of skin color.His Xenophobic Racist Cult Enables him too
If they are adults, give them protection, but if it was the parents' fault, protection shouldn't include parents.
When are you going to apologize for insinuating a religious test on that candidate? Unethical!!!!
Take a break from DACA and focus on PR, Sen. Americans are eating dog food and dying. DACA is critically important, but this is dire.
Fake news! Fake poll's! And NO support!
Sounds like plenty of time to become legal. They can follow the same path to citizenship everyone else has.
Do all your White Mass Murders and White Serial Killers 
Get an acknowledge too?

Good for him. Standing up for citizens.
With over 1 million legal immigrants a year, just move them to the front of the line and go through the legal process. Simple and easy
21% are high school dropouts. Some bright future
.@SenateGOP @housegop @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr
ENOUGH
#Unfit4Prez IS mentally ill.
#RemoveTrump
YOU LET THIS CONTINUE
THIS IS ON YOU ! ! !
Get your ass to Puerto Rico please. The people need help.
Build the wall
No thanks. It won’t ever happen!
