We all must develop care for Americas precious asset
We must send all GOP to Russia so they can work in Siberia
We are helping dreamers here and the deported in http://Mexico.Google .
We have those garbage areas here...they are called ghettos
Women either stay home because they can't afford childcare or work & have paychecks barely cover childcare costs typically over $1000/mo
My daughter has to for healthcare coverage. She's a fab mom & teacher for self-contained special ed students. I was a nurse. No judgement
absolutely Arthur but the days of a 1 income household rarely exist in today's economic reality.
If you were hospitalized you'd most likely be taken care of by a female nurse & your children would've been taught by a woman. Just sayin
A change is fine Mrs Feinstein as long as i don't have to  pay for other's child care my kids are grown and NOBODY paid for mine!!!
can you support medicare for all please?
How about people take responsibility for their actions instead of government hand outs. Or maybe quit taxing everything so people can afford
1 in 5 Families spend 50% of their income on groceries because they don't have welfare.
1 in 5 families should have one of the parents stay home to raise their own children
So this is the government's responsibility? People need to live within their means instead of "keeping up with the Joneses." Problem solved
Yes! Exactly!
Why is it democrats think taxpayers should pay for other people's decisions to have children or abortions. Be responsible for your decision.
Hey Einstein did you ever figure out what family spend on Healthcare that's unacceptable
Yes, tell them to not have children if their not going to raise them
Maybe moms needs to stay home and raise her kids
That's what's wrong with the US, part time moms and no dads
Maybe because liberal politicians have given away money, causing increased costs+national debt, causing both parents have to work ...
Bush spent 3+ trillion borrowed from  China to get rid of his Dad's nemesis. 20% of our national debt. Bigger spender than  any Democrat
@SenFeinstein #MedicareForAll too
You could make it free but your budget is negative $443 billion! You can't control a checkbook but telling your minions you are!
Wait wasn't it the same figure under @BarackObama ?   Were you concerned then?    Vote her out!!!
it keeps going up was 20% tell the truth stop lieding..
Maybe there mothers should stay home and raise there children, I'm just sayin
More abortions?
No federal money is spent on abortions. 
Not yet. Under Medicare for All,  I understand it could be. PP has put that out.
Since it won't pass, I wouldn't worry. PP does much more than that btw i.e. contraceptives (preventing abortions),cancer screens,  etc
Agreed.
Every working parent would benefit  #ChildCare4All
Where do u think all this money is going to come from? More taxes?
Hmm, good place to start is Trump's wkend travel/golf, Sec svc for his family, list goes on!
Why don't you pay for it? Trump EARNED his money, he's not responsible for raising our children Nymore than you are
@realDonaldTrump pays for nothing for USA.
Really? Nothing? He just freely gave $1 million to hurricane relief.  That doesn't qualify as anything for the country?
As I understand, 'ck in mail' same as 1  for 911, NEVER RECEIVED.  U Realize many donated for hurricane, right?
I realize that, you said he pay for anything.  I'm not sure what you meant by that
Agreed. The future is so terribly uncertain Sen Feinstein I'm not convinced we'll even need child care in 2 yrs time. #ImpeachTrump
Too many kids from Illegals
Who's paying for it??? The middle class. So while low income and welfare with no income get free childcare, we pay for theirs and ours #NO
FREEBIES THAT IS ALL DEMOCRATS ARE PROMOTING. NO INCENTIVES TO WORK.
You screwed up our healthcare. Now your going to screw up child care. Please butt out!! I paid for our own child care with no help. BUTT OUT
Illegal immigration had been pushing wages and incomes of working Americans down for decades.  Putting an end to this would boost incomes.
So you are pushing for more "Planned Parenthood"? i.e. more abortions like your idol Margret Sanger eugenicist and racist
I spend that much on my family's healthcare. It's a real hardship.
What are do you what to do, steal someone else's money to pay for them!
Child care is not a right. It's a responsibility of the parents. Wtf.
It sounds great but who is gunna foot the bill?
It's actually more than that for most families when you factor in the wage gender gap. Thank you Senator for championing child care for all!
AND HOW ABOUT YOUR FEELING S ABOUT TERM LIMITS FOR CONGRESS ? 3 AND OUT!
2 and out for these do nothings!
4 in 5 families would have more disposable income to put toward childcare by paying less taxes. Wasn't always easy. But we made it w 3 kids
Life is about choices. It's their choice to have a child they can pay for it themselves
The surprise here is what?  We all had these problems. We don't tell people how many children to have. Why is this government's preview?
Yes, let's get rid of Obamacare once and for all! Breaking the back of middle Americans. Please go back to pre Obamacare!
Dogma
So let's run the country like California which is economically destroyed and operating in a deficit. I know, I lived there!
And the other 75% on healthcare
That's what Ivanka has been working on
If family did a financial analysis they'd find out it is cost effective to have Mom stay home; bond with children, so important. Happier!
What happened to stay at home mom's / dads... did the women's movement cause this. Class action lawsuit against the women's movement!
#Medicareforall!
That is none of your or the govt's business.

Trump’s latest Dept. Of Justice nominee was at key meeting with Comey and Sessions http://bit.ly/2w07zve  
Why don't they just use there secret service agents for child care?
And btw, their's no their, their.
@SenSchumer laughable,  Schumer says 1 in 3 spend 20% & Feinstein says 1 in 5 spend 25%.. More FAKE data from the Dems to influence voters
Oh good, another social program for everyone, oops not everyone, just those with children. Why should I have to pay higher taxes for this???
If you can't afford to take care of your children, maybe you should of thought twice before having them. Reality. Try it some time.
Medicare for all.. systems are already in place. That includes military and congress!!
So I should pay more of my income for others to have child care? I don't even have children... Time you change
CA taxes gives illegals free college, while American CA students go in debt.
How about you stop taxing us to death. I raise four kids on a single income.  I don't need you're  "help" Just leave my money alone!
Yep-stop having more kids than you can afford!!!!
And much of the rest on rent
Good issue, but I think we are on #MedicareForAll
Why allow an underpaid child care provider to take care of your child when you actually care what happens to him or her?
Underpay child care workers? That would help. They make little enough as it is.
especially if they are Vets, could we at least   provide a childcare subsidy for Veterans? in Cal's housing mkt, housing prgrms useless
And how much do they spend on #healthcare? Support #Medicare4All 
Don't even think about more taxes for childcare.   The gov't shouldn't pay for everything for everyone.
Meathead...take away income taxes, gas tax, phone tax, water bill tax, cable bill tax and nobody has a money problem.
thats what healthcare works out to for the working poor- even with stipend. Gross vs net. Do the numbers.
if you a holes in Washington would stop trying to help us our taxes would be lower and we could pay for our own child care
Please stop trying to help us the country is begging Republicans and Democrats alike  stop trying to help us we can't afford your help!!!
And the rest in housing and expenses! 
Birth Control and Sex Ed. for all might be a good idea too.
Maybe don't have children until you can support them . No my responsibility to raise your kids .
1)Stop trying to push for Care4all... we can't support such a system. We've allowed you to spend our money recklessly for too long.
2)That's why we're $20 trillion in debt. Allow the free market to adjust. Considering the fact that we have $15 minimum wage in some states-
3)-now actually hurts others. Businesses start charging more to adjust for MINIMUM wage earners making more than I'll make serving my-
4)-country. That's very disconcerting. It's making businesses charge more for services because they have to...
Also unacceptable: Some ACA marketplace customers spend 25% of their income on health care. Sponsor #MedicareForAll!
If u can't afford child care then don't have children! Common sense just doesn't exist to you brain dead libs
I spend that much on student loans for over ten years now. 
I haven't had kids & am 43 now. I can't afford it. Families are hurting.
Why do those with poor planning skills demand that others pay for their shortsighted acts?
SOCIDAL JUSTICE WARRIORS UNITE!!!
If you have children, you need to be prepared to pay for them,not expect hard working taxpayers to do it for you. Entitlement mentality!!
Maybe they should practice keeping their clothes on.  U take a lot of money already from me.  I DON'T WANT TO PAY FOR THEM
Are you willing to allow people like Ivanka Trump help get a resolution to this?
Your question implies she actually has the capacity to get to a resolution. But she doesn't. So, no. Not willing to let her "help"
At this rate "everything free for everyone" when are parents and people going to take responsibility for their actions
Also #Medicare4All we spend way too much on health insurance
The change needs to include a living wage & training for quality teachers & caregivers, which "affordable" does not curr include
The legal mandates for quality education now have resulted in TEACHERS absorbing the added requirements and costs without support.
Bleeding heart liberal.... tax and spend.... tax and spend... average emergency room wait time in CA is 163 minutes... with Obamacare!!
Just wrote my weekly check and you are spot on.
No.
Or we just pay people a decent living wage, then maybe 1 parent could actually stay at home; & childcare wouldn't be such a LG % of income
Then don't work at McDonalds and think that is a livable wage
That is me!
More govt intrusion! No child care when my kids small. I worked, wife cared 4 house & 4 kids! Pvt responsibility! Family help if needed!
I recommend Congress take a 25% pay cut to help out on public child care.   Better yet, a pay cut equal to their disapproval percentage, 92%
Many of us struggled with childcare issues.  It's called life.
Sure Diane.... just where does the money come from?  Are you serious?
So who do you plan to have pay for the free education, free healthcare and free childcare? The insanity is real!
So now you want me to pay for child care for other people's kids.
Reducing the tax burden on working Americans would be more helpful than another tax payer funded government program. #LowerTaxes4All!
Never mind family independence and self reliance. No economic liberty. Make sure we need libs at every step in life. All wonderously FREE.
How about people stop having babies they cannot afford! How's THAT for a change??!
Then set economic conditions so that a family does not need 2 jobs and daycare. Unsure I want free daycare end up making lil Bolsheviks.
Medicare4All too DiFi!!!
I'm not going to have a heavy tax burden to pay for childcare for 1 in 5. No wonder R's control everything be moderate
You are not lying I need full custody of my son
Maybe you should try what Greenland is doing they've completely wiped out autism through... Wait for it. Abortion. Your favorite pastime!
1 in 5 U.S. families spend more than 25% on taxes, why don't you do something about that? Oh yea, you're a tax and spend Democrat! @POTUS
Agreed!
Should parents be responsible for anything in your eyes?  My goodness u want the govt to do everything for kids! Why even have parents?
Funny. @SenSchumer says 1 in 3. You say 1 in 5. So which is it folks? Chuck's would probably elicit more guilt. Maybe you should go with his
It's a choice, so be responsible for ones decision but a retired taxpayer should not have to pay for it !
If u didn't have DACA the Americans would have those nice paying jobs. The democrats have done this how much of their income pays insurance
How much do Californian's with no children spend  on raising & educating other people children? Unacceptable amount of higher taxes, fees.
Cut taxes and increase wages so we can afford the cost of everything. More government is no answer, only yours.
Time to form a "Village." Time for parents to come together and not stay isolated.
Yes. Don't have children you can't afford. Key to success. Graduate HS, Get Job, kids after marriage.  Do it right.
I thought Ivanka had a plan for the rich with kids ?
Ah, I yearn for 1950's lifestyle.  Father made a decent wage to raise a family and mother was able to raise the children at home.  Sexist me
Awesome!  Please get the government involved in child care too!  - Nobody
Seriously, why are you proposing this? We have a healthcare crisis in this country and you're pushing child care?
I can get behind Pre-K...
But expecting tax payers to pay for parents that have children & drop them off @ dc at the age of 3 mos?
Hold off on having children...
It's not about the money. Children deserve better!
Some circumstances are unavoidable & those are the ppl we should protect.
So, if you can't afford a child, don't have children until you can afford to do so.  Not a hard concept
When a single mom of 1 pays child care what is left for food?
More than that to eat more then that to live we are all living on a thin wire
Democrats put the poor on welfare and split up families and now more single parents households after welfare
You really need to do some reading and research dude. Check out corporate welfare. You prefer to line CEO pockets w your tax $ apparently.
No, I prefer neither side to line anyone's pocket. Just simplify the code and get out of the way.
'time for a change'; what does that mean? $$$$ to be spent by taxpayers, right?  The answer is, if you can't afford a child, don't have one
T.G.I.F. @SenFeinstein of SF, CALIFORNIA
Ms. Feinstein you've had 25 years to deal with childcare. What took you so long? Why is this suddenly so important to you today?
is interest deductable from gdp?
And 40% plus on taxes. Time for change.
New study...Nobody Works in One in Five U.S. Families
What percent do they spend on healthcare? Why do you refuse to support #singlepayer #MedicareForAll
What are you saying, you are not right in the head......
Please #MedicareForAll
What percentage of income is appropriate to spend on child care?
Child care is not a right. People make decisions. People then open businesses because of other people's decisions. Child care is a business.
I have a good idea let's just make money free.
So now the government is responsible for taking care of our kids? Quit having so many if you all cant afford it.
Then reduce our tax burden, freeing up our hard earned cash and reducing the need for two income parents Senator.
How many go bankrupt from healthcare? #MedicareForAll or else!
.@SenFeinstein  Pls tell me how our current system prevents medical bankruptcy. Ppl shouldn't have 2 sell all they own to afford healthcare
Why should I pay for other people's financial failures? Strap it if u can't afford it
Too bad you did not do anything in 8 years.
Yeah. I guess this is just like TV & Tesla. I don't have them bc I can't afford them. But sure, why not, I'll pay for my neighbor's...
We have children when we're ready to spend time with them and nurture them. Hopefully we're evolving a little bit.
Having children before you can afford them is not "evolved". It's irresponsible.
That's a no brainer.
Don't tell me, it's a right......

#JustStop
Definitely! Also #Medicare4All
Ma'am so you're saying now that I should have to pay for other people's child care, where does it end with you
So now DEMs want to enable you to spend a higher % of someone else's income on your child.
OK Einstein. What is your solution? Tax the rest of us? If you had a better economy, maybe more dads or moms would stay home.
Why is childcare so expensive? It drives women out of the workforce.
Why should a woman stop working? There are plenty of men who stay home with their children.
Yeah, there are lots of men who stay home. And?
There's no law that prevents men from sharing in the responsibility of caring for the children.
These things need to be discussed b4 hand.
Of course there isn't. You assume that all moms have dads around.
You assume childcare costs aren't a burden for single fathers.
Employers who underpay women force them to spend greater % of salary for childcare forcing many women out of work
Then we should demand equal pay, just as we're demanding advocacy re childcare. 
We don't get to pick and choose when we're warriors.
But first, get rid of the cancer in the WH. Get rid of @realDonaldTrump, NOT real president. #Resist #exist
I spend $1100 a month just for after school care. As an O-4 in the army with 6+yrs, my basic pay is $6092.40 a month. 18% for 3-4 hrs a day.
we have been putting off kids for this very reason.
Or one parent work days and one work nights like me and my husband had to do. Unless your a single parent with no child support
This is an extremely impt issue! Children shouldn't be affordable only by the rich!
No, but they probably shouldn't be in daycare under the age of three, if parents can help it.
That is so intensities! Both my kids went to daycare at 3 months bc I work! For most people, that is a fact of life!
Good to know. You put 2 children in daycare at the age of 3 mos. Why didn't your husband stay at home with them?
Nice! You are a piece of work!
This is why I will NEVER support this legislation. I believe in protecting children, not insatiable parents.
Hey Dianne we, especially in CA. spend a lot on money on gas, how about gasoline for all and electricity for all?
Maybe less single parent households would help. #ChangeYouCanBelieveIn

For Fucks Sake when does this insanity end?! A child is a CHOICE, you chose it, you fucking pay for it. It's like saying #PorschesForAll
Make it affordable and depopulate, reduce population rate
Good thing we have @IvankaTrump working on this issue 
Being able to afford children BEFORE having them is an excellent idea! Thinking ahead is a great idea!
Sure it is, and so is her idea, they are only mutually exclusive to people who also have a problem with compassion.
You realize that your push for $15/ min wage impacts the cost?
That's true. I'm a licensed childcare and it's very hard for families.  But I work with all my families.
Or more....
I have 3 kids, if I worked it would be 2/3 of my income. So glad hubs has a good career/ education.
You deserve a lot of respect for staying at home with them. It's not an easy job and you don't earn Social Security credits.
This makes no sense
Regulations and taxes imposed by Democrats on everything that moves, increases cost on everything. You're responsible for this, witch!
https://mobile.nytimes.com/2016/07/14/us/national-health-spending-to-surpass-10000-per-person-in-2016.html?referer=https://duckduckgo.com/ …
time to vote you out come 2018. we will be voting @David4SenateCA and you can finally be retired. goodbye Dianne
You know what goes well with #ChildCare4All? #Medicare4All. Come on, are you trolling now @SenFeinstein ?
Childcare needs healthcare, the first phase of Medicare4All speaks to me because it's for 0-18.  And you know how easily they get infected
Feinstein you're trying to always chase everything down your created victims and mascots are going to have to learn how to support themselve
When my daughter was in preschool over 10 years ago it was $735/month! Ridiculous!
