Here @JeffFlake will you sign this like you agreed that they should show taxes Oh But only not have a law for them to do so
Maybe Bernie could lead by example and release his tax returns? #Bermbyexample #Feelthereturns
#ReleaseTheTranscripts
She released returns. That's all we're talking about. She's now a private citizen. He is saying women's reproductive rights  up for debate.
387k killed by pp just last year. USA w more deaths than births last year, in decline. Brainwashed by eugenics "overpopulation" myth. USA!
Democrats believe women have the right to make decisions about our own bodies. That's part of what differentiates us from the GOP.
You're witchcraft leadership describe pregnancy as a personal private decision, will I kill this child or birth it. But it took two to do
Hey Feinstein. How bout u release ur husbands tax returns and all the government contracts he's received since u been in office! Physco!
You know what would be great? If you also support HR 676 #MedicareForAll you SELLOUT
thank you.
Just got back from Tax March in my community.  Thank you Senator Feinstein. 

Santa Cruz
Join me in not giving a shit.
Will The Freedom Caucus vote with Democrats to pass such legislation? 2009 & 2010 would have been a layup. Alas.
Trump didn't get a memo on that, lmfao
So what
How about for all Federal elected officials
Good. Profound. Necessary!
Should include yourself and spouse...you all getting to millionaires on a salary that doesn't add up...
How did you get so wealthy Diane?
I am concerned about the activities of the Trump campaign and insist on it's continued impartial investigation.
EXCELLENT; we MUST have 45 release his tax returns to ascertain any "conflict of interest" in any proposed Tax Reform proposal
Every American needs to get behind this bill.  Trump and all future candidates must release their tax returns!@IndivisibleOC48 #TaxMarch
Retroactively
Sen. Feinstein, I would agree if the bill also included birth certificate, educational, military, criminal and medical records.
I would like to see ALL Senators and Members of Congress release the TAXES for the last 5 years too. Feinstens husband won bulliet train bid
... all senators and representatives should have to as well. Transparency is the key to true representation.
@JeffSessions Feinstein has stolen millions from California investigate that. RICO please!
I salute you, @SenFeinstein and Senator @RonWyden for this bill. I pray it gets passed.
Thank you Senator Dianne Feinstein!
2 more examples of HRC #superdelegates continuING the flight of a lost campaign instead of working to make life better 4 their constituents
Thank you 
Don't stop at 1040s. 1120s for all closely held corporations may provide more info of conflicts & foreign dealings.
Where was all your concern when Barry was in office?  Your party are all criminals! Start investigating them!
Thank you, Americans care about honesty and transparency! @realDonaldTrump
TY
thanks
Thank you Senators @SenFeinstein and @RonWyden.  I support this bill.
Your a joke.
All individuals who may run for  public office
Should  released his/her taxes
What for !!!!!!!
Thank you!!!
YES! Thank you! Can we get a bill limiting their Vacay Time? And they and their families MUST live in the White House?
And why not ALL federally elected too?
How about we see yours first!!
Not good enough.  We need this president to reveal his!
Move on
I afraid this give Trump another excuse to not show his taxes. Thy will have to be subpoenaed by FBI. WTakn so long?
If Trump broke a tax law at anytime I'm sure he would have been dealt with by the IRS.
Senator, could you please add into that bill that all presidential candidates must submit to a psych exam as well as releasing med info?  TY
@PattyArquette @RonWyden Fantastic. How about a bill for mandatory release of WH list of visitors.
Why?
This is totally unconstitutional if the candidate is a private citizen. A private citizen has expectation of privacy protected by the #4A.
Nice but too little too late. You are on Sen Intel Committee: why is your investigation not moving faster?? When are the hearings??!!
Thank you Senators!
I hope it's retroactive
Dont you have anything more important to do, you need to be voted out
And release their college transcripts, including how they paid for college.
Can I find your tax returns?
Why stop there. Why don't you add senators and representatives to the bill. I'm sure that would bring some interesting things to light.
You know what no one cares about tax es how about you include all of Congress in that bill
add that all federal officials are prohibited from profiting off their position in government other than salary. @RonWyden
I support Term limits for Senators
That will help in the next election, but what are we going to do about seeing the sitting president's tax returns?
too little too late. ISIL fights for the people. You fight for the republicans
Where can we see your returns Di? Seems that you're pretty well off. I think we should see where it came from
Donors. That is if we want real transparency. Remember when your pointing a finger there's three pointing back at you.
Yep Diane that's a good starting point but let's not end there. Let's include Senators and Representatives as well as a full accounting of
How about all Senators too?!!?
Hope you can get @GOP to agree #coverup
How likely do you think this bill will pass?
Senators and their husbands too?
Thank you! As a Californian I appreciate you supporting this bill.
Senator: We also need to look at Voting Machines and Election Commission.  GOP will cheat their way into victory in 2018.  @FBI  @maddow
#ReeferMadnessTHEoriginalFakeNews #HenryAnslingerWasRacist #JeffSessionsNEEDSeducatedaboutCANNABID
It's outrageous that this is not already a requirement. Beyond me.
YEEEESSSSSSSS!!!!
Good. It's about time. #showusyourtaxes #TrumpIsaLiar #TrumpisaChicken #GaslightStopsHere
And birth certificate, DNA, blood type, perferred weapon of choice, shoe size,  favorite fast food. Keep it going Einstein...
What a waste of time.
You are one of my heroes, @DianeFeinstein ...
Right on Senator Feinstein! Thank you for doing this. #Resistance #TheResistance
Great work, Thank you!
I think all politicians should release their tax returns.
There you go quit crying about stuff and do something about it.
Thank you Senator
Now that @HillaryClinton is not around you want tax returns. Your still a Hypocrite! You don't want to know about her Russian connection.
This looks like "presidential term limits" all over again. A gentleman's agreement formalised into law after a breach.
why don't you do some WORK for you salary? Tax returns don't mean anything to the general population and should not be "a law" dumbb
Wasting time, so proud of you
You ma'am are a waste of skin
Like other Democrat Knee-Jerk responses (1 of which Got Neil Gorsich on the Supreme Court) - This will likely come back to bite them in the-
I'm so glad that Oregon is trying to pass this bill. If we can get it passed maybe others will follow our lead.
When do we get to see yours? If it's good for one politician it should be good for all? I mean your all crooks anyway.
God bless you!  Next we need see about limiting personal trips, cutting off security for grown children and not allowing him to make $
#Lois Learner fifth amendment. Ring a bell?
I think you should tell us where you got all your money, plus all of congress should show their tax returns and criminal records. Good deal?
Thank you!
Thank you both so much! Strange that it was never an issue because most presidential candidates practiced transparency in this area.
Retro?
include yours too Dianne!
Thank you from one of your constituents.
Thank you Senator Feinstein#WeStandIndivisible
The bill should include tax returns during presidency as well as returns for their Foundations.  The #ClintonFoundation is a total scam.
How about a bill to put away Senators who use insider information too enrich themselves ( or their spouses as in your case)?
Please support Medical Marijuana

Can you include Senators in that Dianne? Can we see yours?
THANK YOU, SENATORS! 
Could you amend it to include a mental health eval by someone at the @NIMHgov ? & to have previously held office at State or Fed level?
Let's see your billionaire husbands tax returns and see how many loop holes and conflict of interests are involved!
I'd like to see your husband's tax returns.
Waste of time we have bigger things to worry about. Drugs gangs crime
YESSSSSS. THIS IS GREAT!! let's avoid this problem in the future.
YES!!!! Thank you!! Awesome. Get some criterion in place for future America, future generations!!
Would this include dishonest liberals? Like, say, @SenSanders? #MrThirteenAndAHalfPercent
You ppl on stuck in darkness.
Support a bill that prohibits politicians participation in stocks. Regulate w lottery rules. No family/friends
 
I joined Senator @RonWyden on a bill that requires all presidential candidates to release their tax returns. #TaxMarch
#trumpreleaseyourtaxreturns #trumpreleaseyourtaxreturns #trumpreleaseyourtaxreturns
Can you expand it to include sitting presidents, too?
Why? Why is it so important to regulate everyone's life. #letitgo!
Because the Nany state is the lib voter engine. Create dependence create Votes more votes more power to create more regulation.
like Obama released his college transcripts? Your Double standards are astounding
Bish you betta.
Lifetime forensic audits for politicians, too!
I hope that bill is retroactive.
Drug tests for all politicians too!
Great! Thank you!!
WE WANT U 2 SUBPOENA POTUS #TAXRETURNS
Courtesy to explain
Thank u Senator Feinstein 
But u have the power to subpoena POTUS #Taxreturns 
NOW!! Can u explain why u haven't? 
HONESTLY that's to late
Yes!!!
Why don't you 2 liberals get behind some actual legislation that helps the middle class and not the coastal elites
Why?
#USA #Politics

What's been done to roll back the powers of the Imperial Presidency? Do your job, restore constitutional checks & balances.
You are about as relevant as watering your plant during a rainy day.
how about you stop supporting his human rights killing agenda 
as well as calling for tax returns?
Thank you. Please continue to try to pass this bill until it passes. This bill is nonpartisan in nature. GOP have no excuse. Must pass.
They should be drug tested, have a mental health evaluation and a physical.
Absolutely.
Why waste your time on this when our country needs so many important issues solved?  I feel you just are trying to create problems.
Waste of time and money
@wjcoop How about a bill that holds corrupt IRS agents accountable when they miss use their authority against GOP organizations.
Thank you. Keep pushing.
How about u require a bill that explains how Senators and their families become millionaires as public servants! That I would like to see.
Stop attempting to divert our attention for your failures.Trumps taxes will have no baring on anything. Fight instead for smthng meaningful
I've been retweeting 2 @SenThadCochran & @RogerWicker abt this. Yes, that's where I live. At the age of 63 I actually am consdring moving.
I retweet and send faxes to them every day with no response. Don't move - there are too few of us here already!
Good 2 know. I actually don't WANT their boiler plate, stock form letters or emails which say nothing. Our voices, in numbers matter.Thanks!
Please also include a mental evaluation in those requirements.
All records: BIRTH CERT, COLLEGE and COUNTRIES VISITED.
Thank you Senators for standing up for what's right.  @POTUS TIME IS NOW, RELEASE YOUR RETURNS
Thank you and Sen Wyden
Our taxes pay to keep Melania in NYC. Any reason we can't have a law requiring POTUS spouse to mostly live at White House? #MelaniasLaw
If s/he chooses not to, taxpayers don't foot the bill
@wjcoop Oh you mean like Michelle who would fly back and forth to Hawaii separately from him all the time. Spare me your BS.
Now how about fixing this mess by invoking the emoluments clause.He was in violation the second he took office.Senators have power USE IT!
Cool story...so, we can expect ALL elected officials to be so open and share their tax returns & other pertinent information. #TaxMarch
Nothing better to do?
I want to see your taxes Feinstein because I know you cheat on them CA has been trying to find out
With all due respect, Senator, this is a total waste of time no matter who the candidate is.
You guys seem to work your asses off when it comes to discrediting the other party. Be nice if you worked that hard for the American people.
Thank you. Love, California. #TaxMarch #Trumprussia #TrumpTaxes
Thank you!
Ur profiteering off war,& insider info on gov contracts is well known.Public officials&fam should be barred from investing while in office
Good thing people don't need your permission to run for office your gang is a bad gang we're going to drain the swamp
Need bill requiring ALL politicians to reveal their families taxes and investments. You've grown rich off a supposed "public service" job
will that same bill require birth certificates too??
Good! All elected officials should release their tax returns! Especially if they take donations to run!
