If he wants to prove voter fraud happened, let's redo the election vote and see what happens 
with paper ballots
Better to just verify the voter rolls against official records. Faster and more efficient.
Do like foreign contries and dip fingures in purple dye that last until the next election Dems don't want id used afraid of truth
Seems voter ID, as in Florida works. My cousin was shocked when I told her I have never shown an ID.
You have PROTECTING voter fraud in Ca your entire career!!!
It's encouraged here.....
And in many cases, ppl are paid to commit fraud.
Can you please tweet your sources.
Why do you think we want voter info turned over to Integrity Commission? Witnesses, reported etc.
I haven't heard about that, are there any interviews or articles that you could point me to.
What part of CA do you live in?
I lived in Carmel, I no longer live in California.
Attacks are already in place as thousands have deregistered from voter rolls.
Why would someone withdrawal their registration?
Fear.
Thousands Unregister From Voter Rolls After Trump Panel's Data Requests http://www.nbclosangeles.com/news/politics/Thousands-Unregister-Voter-Rolls-Election-Integrity-435155813.html … via @nbcla
Fear of what?
Were you able to open the link I attached? This is the first time I'm trying to do this.
have you registered to vote? If you have, then you know the information provided on your Voter Registration Card. That is all there is.
In vote card you don't have to provide SS number, party affiliation, ballot history. Why would they need that?
THEN STOP IT! What are you dems doing??
Russian collusion is proven nonsense, yet still pursued. No harm in investigating #voterfraud unless there's something to be hidden, right?
agree, just another ploy/ scare tactic and under handed way to take away ppls rights to vote
The commission actually designed to cover TRUMPS ILLEGAL 3-5M votes
We gotta keep them from voting on Article 5, they want to rewrite the constitution changing the way we vote for Congress


If there is or was no fraud then what's the Russia investigation about?
Yeah but Putin said to put all voter data on a PC under Session's control and his cyber security team will protect it through many elections
Dickless Don and BLOCK THE VOTE! #немойпрезидент #notmypresident #putincokholster #itmfa
#danarohrabachermustgo #darrellissamustgo #maga
There was more the  likely wide spread voter tampering. He knows they stole.the election for him.
@FLGovScott betrayed the Florida citizens #protectprivacy
They r setting themselves up to be authority over recounts
Trump's Panel is attempting to systematically suppress vulnerable segments from voting in the future based upon lack of a drivers' license.
It's takes proof of US Citizen to vote legally....need voter ID that addresses that. Not about suppressing "legal" vote
Then a voter Id and transportation to get it should be free. Businesses should be required to provide paid hours off to obtain it.
Logistics can be worked out...it just needs to be done.
We need to stop gerrymandering, end corupt congressional financing, & ensure all citizens can vote regardless of age race location religion
@mikefarb1  oh we had lots of issues with our last election, please check look at all the work Mike @mikefarb1 has done on our last election
A fed. court supported these crooks.  MORE LAWSUITS PLEASE!  Talk to Kamala...you girls can do ANYTHING!!!
Much respect for you, however, why are dems closing their eyes to fraudulent voting? Only citizens allowed to vote, 1 time only.
So do you know that because you investigated it?  Or is it just a "feeling"?
@wjcoop An we the American people see no proof of collusion yet we have to endure your nonsense.
But to be fair, you're not looking for voter fraud.
Then @SenFeinstein  please get the Dem leadership together and do something about!
Why are they trying to consolidate all voter Info while cozying up to the election hacker? Paving way to manipulate 2020?
Why are the Republicans putting out more lies, lies, lies and more lies.
What lie? State it.

@wjcoop Idiots!!!!!
Please
Why the change of mind now! You liberals continue to spread garbage about president Trump being president due to Russia and not the citizens
R U kidding!! CA is the worst for it. That's an attack on MY voting rights Diane. Ppl want this addressed.
What evidence do you have that California has a lot of illegal voters?
I live here...what evidence do you have that CA doesn't have a lot of non US citizens voting? Let's test it...
Very little voter fraud in CA:
Well then you won't mind putting it to the test??
A man has gotten 18 dead people to vote for Hillary. How did that happen?
There has been cheating on both sides, but the Libtarts take the checkered flag hands down on this one. HRC should be jailed with Bill. Libs

But, but, some people don't have a way to get a picture id, BS
the voter fraud thing, whatever is happening, should begin and end at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. That's the fraud right there.
Yep,because not seeing any fraud is a great reason to open yourself up to fraud. Perhaps you feel like this so you can exploit it in future?
Diane, your ignorance of anything happening in America is legend in the halls of Congress.
Bad kind of "resistance" to fight voter integrity.  Reports of illegal voting are everywhere.  Must protect our democratic processes.
Ironically, the voter integrity commission has no integrity.
we need national automatic voter registration  #resistance #VoterSuppression
If there is no issue; what's the problem? Let the process play out so that Americans know that elections are clean and valid. #USA
Why is Trump given a pass for using Government Money for his own benefit... is this not a felony?
What if there are Russians registered to vote
Aren't ALL Russians connected to the @KremlinRussia_E & 
@PutinRF_Eng ????
Lol. What are you afraid of, Dianne?
U will investigate Russia interfering N our Elections but NOT allow the Public 2b assured our Elections r not interfered by illegal Votes!
What is nonsense is Ca being a socialist state and people and business are leaving and you are about to go bankrupt.
#RespectMyVote by investigating the matter. Americans need to have confidence in the integrity of our elections.
Ma'am you wouldn't know voter fraud if it bit you in the ass, liberals promote voter fraud
You have allowed it however. It's time to counter the attacks. End gerrymandering, end interstate crosscheck ect.
NH already had strict voting laws-added #votersuppression law allowing fines,visits to people's house by officials..
What about Trump Tower sending AlphaBank the ID records on 30,000,000 voters ??? Is the scuttlebutt true?
You say "widespread"? If there is ANY we need to know about it.Are Dems afraid there is plenty?
Please & thank you.
But another way for Republicans to try to own the vote.
So how do we stop it, Senator?
Like you're scared that someone will uncover all of the illegal votes you get
We need to know if there are non citizens  voting .Democrats know it's going on, that's why they don't approve. Right???
@JaredBeck  & @eleebeck  need protection
Justice for #SethRich #ShawnLucas
#DNCFraudLawsuit
I support hand counting ballots for every election
I disagree w how June 2016 democratic primary was handled & I support full investigation
It is not nonsense.  We need to make sure are elections involve only American Citizens.  You should have to have a Gov I'd to vote.
Liar. Almost everyone who has stepped into a voting booth has seen fraud. How about #RespectMyVote & stop trying to subvert democracy.
This may be the most idiotic tweet I've ever seen. Truly a disgrace.
That is nice, but seeing how we have definite proof that the Democrats cheated in the last election, we are not going to listen to you.
FYI, Trump regime is attacking democracy in general!
If there is "no widespread voter fraud" you should have nothing to worry about dingleberry. Unless of course you ARE worried??
Said the #neoliberal  shill to her buddies as they suckled at #WallStreet's tit. #SinglePayerNow #FightFor15 #OurRevolution is coming.
Plz keep speaking up for us voters! The @GOP has no idea how unstable our nation can be made if oppression of the People is their standard!
need gerrymandering under control outreach in states pro voter suppression w/ ID/registration verification that can b monitored in real time
#RespectMyRights
It's not an attack on voting rights, Senator. It's in defense of America's voting integrity. Do you believe in integrity? #OneCitizenOneVote
Republicans got an endless bag of voter suppression. The one thing that holds this democracy together, they are out to destroy it. #Traitors
What's the matter got something to hide?
Besides being at risk for hackers?
Hackers?
Having all of the names like that is a risk for being a target for hackers. https://www.google.com/amp/s/thinkprogress.org/amp/p/37ff971d9ee1 …
How? Also wasnt it dems who demanded we look into the election to see there was meddling in votes
Did you read the article? And GOP states have said no way to private info as well.
Yea there not ones that have been going nuts over the election. Demanding that we accept that the Russians supposedly hacked our election
Tell me why is it that dems call for trump to look into this then when he does. recoil and get all defensive.
Most proven voter fraud from 2016 election was from Trump followers. This insist a new way to suppress voting.  Shameful
Voter fraud is virtually non-existent, voter suppression and voting machine fraud, however, is rampant.
Your argument is total BS, W/out ID the millions of illegal immigrants registered in CA vote with IMPUNITY.
thanks to james o keefe we know what democrats have been doing! busing around democrats to vote in other districts!! we know!!!
#RespectMyVote
http://thf-legal.s3.amazonaws.com/VoterFraudCases.pdf …
So what are you people actually doing about it?
Classic case if it isn't broke don't fix it. Total bullshit designed to purge voter rolls period. Fuck Trump and @GOP @SenateGOP
The only voter integrity is the lack of integrity in our WH and GOP @realDonaldTrump @GOP
SenatorYou've served your country, state & city (SF, my home) w honor Could u ever imagine America wld end up here? How do we make it stop?
It's nonsense, not because you know of no voter fraud but because it's BS. Speak out MUCH louder about this, and ask your colleagues to
It's NAUSEATING WATCHING GOP DO NOTHING TO PROTECT OUR COUNTRY,OUR CONSTITUTION,OUR PPL FROM ALL ABUSES TRUMP IS INFLICTING UPON US.
GOP BYE
The only problem with voting is that not enough Americans do it....
They need to call it what it is: Fed Gov sanctioned voter disenfranchisement. I thought GOP was all for states rights? Only when it suits.

"they" want our personal data, our voting histories!!!! I do not trust them with it. Trump is acting like a wannabe king
the Administration is beholden to Russia/Putin and have used massive data caches to target voters.... Can we trust them? No
Then a #voter #registration #audit won't turn up anything & #dems can throw a #hearing.
@Kassand420 there is no voter rights, only perceived voter rights and a fixed system that 1%er's control.
But weren't you one of the few who wanted to figure out if the election was rigged? #Trump is giving you what you want
Then why are the #NeverTrump drones the only ones trying to stop the election investigations? Think about it....
Even Trump isn't pushing voter suppression. He wants to make sure only legal citizens are voting. You're grasping at straws
Then why are you fighting the election investigation? Let it happen.
Trump & this non-sense about #voterfraudcommission is undermining everything in our democracy. I'm crying. it's not America under Trump.
Why are you against this common sense measure to make sure voter fraud is not happening?
https://twitter.com/senfeinstein/status/887745121449627648 …
#NoIDNoVote
The voter integrity commission is nonsense. I know of no widespread voter fraud. We can’t allow attacks on voting rights. #RespectMyVote
Maybe you should check CA where illegals get drivers license and register to vote.
#Trump speaking at a #VoterFraud Panel is like #Assad speaking at a #AntiChemicalWeapons Panel FFS
then why not let commission fall flat on its face? Why are dem so scared of this commission?
Feinstein is an old racist Democrat who doesn't believe minorities are capable of getting an ID!
This whole administration is nonsensical, @GOP impotent and afraid, DT completely unhinged.

Why don't Democrats want to insure the integrity of our election process? I mean Russia, Russia, Russia.....
How insulting to the Gov. Employees who verify the elections and the 1000's that volunteer on Election Day.
We've already allowed attacks on voting rights, in local elections and through back-stepping SCOTUS opinions. We need to prep for 2018.
34 cases in 1 billion. Its a waste of taxpayer money and the result will be voter suppression. Where is the RAGE?
What the White House frequently says holds true in this instance   it's a witch-hunt
Nonsense? So is the Russia investigation. Dump the special counsel along with the voter commission. Stop lawfare and get back to politics
Then do something about it!
How do you know anything without investigating? Oh, that's right...you know everything.
What are you afraid of? Do your duty.
WASTE of taxpayer $........
Oh just waitSenator! Next up? Repeal of motor voter law Watch for it It's going to happen...
Don't tell us. Do your job and get this commission shut down. I don't pay taxes for this type of corrupting action by a corrupt @Potus.
@valleylea @verucasalt10 sounds like attempt at voter intimidation, no different than literacy test, poll tax
Well, it's working, people are afraid their private info will be used against them, opting to remove their names from registry.
There's none just White Republican politicians who doesn't want Minorities to vote.
Voter Fraud Committee a joke! I don't think my taxes should pay 4 fake Commission! Nothing to hide,what about @therealdonald show your taxes
Geez, no one is attacking voter rights! Stop spreading your propaganda. Americans do have the right to know every vote is legitimate.
Kovach is a criminal-not just that commission is nonsense Diane-it is an immediate threat to our vote & must be killed
So we change our registration to republican then we can vote under the radar

You are either lying, or a fool, Senator. Of course, nothing says you can't be both.
Right. The real problem is ELECTION  fraud.
what #Blockchain solutions is the government looking into to secure voting rights?
@mikefarb1   #unhackthevote   probably could tell you a thing or two about widespread voter fraud.  And he's not on the commission.
Senator, you are morally bankrupt.
Dems receiving illegal votes are not going look for fraud. Check you husband's real estate deal for selling USPS building for fraud.
How is requiring an identification voter suppression?  I need an IDD to drive a car, buy a home, open a bank account or do anything
It's a ruse to restrict certain voters' rights. Why behind closed doors? What are they hiding?
If Donald Trump CARES about election integrity, he show us his tax returns and his crime family should come clean about Russian ties.
Wow all the lib talking points in 140 characters
Hidden/longterm agenda of VFC is 2 insert/use hacked voter reg data in next election(s) to demo the need 4 VFC 2 prevent nat'l voter fraud.
It's nonsense to think there's no voter fraud in this country. A simple understanding of probabilities tells you there has to be voter fraud
Thank you!
What are you hiding? When my 4 yr old nephew doesn't have anything to hide, he freely shows. #VoterFraud
Maybe Dt is not going to give up white house. We are witnessing a want be dictator.
GOP stop stealing the vote. Koch Bros http://tinyurl.com/zqcowg7  Kobach caught on tape
How many illegals voted in California?

Do you even care?

He wants to use the data for propaganda reasons my information is not to be used for propaganda especially for Trump
This administration is destroying America. Please don't wait till it's too late
"Widespread voter fraud." Sounds relative.  NO illegal votes should be acceptable. @TuckerCarlson #tucker #RespectMyVote
http://m.washingtontimes.com/news/2016/oct/17/no-voter-fraud-isnt-myth-10-cases-where-its-all-to/ …
Hold on... you know of no widespread voter fraud?... so there you go.  The Senator is not aware of any widespread voter fraud.
So the commission is going to find nothing, right? Then what's the problem? Let them find nothing then point to findings when they're done.
Instead you're acting just like Trump does when someone brings up Russia—guilty as sin.
@mydoggigi questionable, the electoral college is,sure as he'll questionable.
Just b/c you don't know of it doesn't mean it doesn't happen. Apply as many laws to 15A as you do 2A and then we can talk. 
#RespectMyVote
@mydoggigi KORBACH told KATY TUR of MSNBC the election of the illegitimate PRESIDENT is questionable, if the popular vote is
Kobach is a dangerous lunatic.
YES he is, this,sinister effort is an effort to  do VOTER SUPPRESSION enmasse
How about a POTUS integrity comission?
How could you know of any voter fraud? You won't let any investigation discover if it's happening. Maybe you should give that some thought.
This right to vote is exactly that, a RIGHT! It's not a privilege! AN earned privilege! I earned my right as well as my children! U R LYING!
You're lying! It happened in this past election & before. But finally we know to what extent. We need photo ID! U CAN NOT VOTE ILLEGALLY!!!
Red herring.
It seems to me you're afraid that they will find something.
We need election protection first. Why vote if we get junk info to make decisions! @potus denier or LIAR?!
USA voters must understand that ldrs w/authoritarian views WILL DESTROY Nation's soul. Need ldrs who embrace diversity=All reach potential.
you are right. there is, however, ELECTION fraud. we need a thorough investigation of the 2016 election. it was rigged.
It's another Trump sham, like "made in America"
You mean like this Dianne?
Nobody likes a hypocrite Dianne
Surprised you are against the VIC I would think you and yours would be grateful to finally learn how the Russians changed votes for Trump.
Every state should be fighting turning over Am ppl's voting & other sensitive information. 
#RespectMyVote
This = intended ignorance. I know of no Russian interference with our election, but at least investigate so you validate your knowledge base
IMMEDIATELY after Another DNC "I'm-All-In email", the Left Naseatingly Shares it's #FakeNews. Why does Left NOT want VoterFraud researched?
The @GOP has been attacking voting rights for a LONG time
And what about cyber security Diane? What about Tillersons new idea?
SO STOP HIM. DO SOMETHING.
How will YOU stop them?
Every single day is an absolute new battlefront against the insanity that is REPUBLICANS AND TRUMP!!! What a f...ing nightmare.
There has been nearly 6 million fraudulent votes in 2012 election. Oh. I forgot there is voter fraud when GOP wins.
The so called voter integrity commission is just about tRump still whining about losing the popular vote.
Disagree, whatever gop is screaming abt the loudest, is always exactly what they are most guilty of and they scream pretty loud abt votes!!!
So far Congress has done NOTHING about states denying voting rights to esp minority areas by closing polling places. AZ did this.
Attacks? You mean how #California issuing drivers' licenses to ILLEGALS might confuse someone of their ACTUAL rights? Then, it's an attack.
@rosemhook Perhaps bring up the fact that Bush did this 10 years ago.  And found nothing.
Can u stop it tho? GOP wont stop it. Ugh!!
Federal govt needs to provide states with proper voting equipment that is cyber-secure & can be maintained/monitored by Feds. #Integrity
#votercommissionisafraud
Illegal voting is rampant in CA. 3M Non US Citizens registered to vote at DMV. If it weren't for those voters Hillary might have lost CA.
It's a complete farce.I have the facts (no, not fake news, real facts) from a study undertaken to analyze all elections in US over 10 years.
and how much is this ridiculous thing going to cost us?
45 can't stand the fact that Sec.Clinton won the popular vote! 
He is extremely unstable.
How is this Commission an attack?!  You know voter fraud is far more prevalent than you'd have the public believe.  You're the fraud.
This commission is just more "Trumpnut" nonsense! This idiot running this sideshow needs to #kobachtokansas
My thoughts exactly
That is exactly what the committee was formed for to destroy the power of the people which is the vote! To establish gop forever rule
Of course you dont.  You dems are all crazy cheaters, and you still got your asses kicked, lol
Oh well if you don't know about it then it obviously can't exist...
That is why we have the committee. Just because you don't know of voter fraud doesn't mean it doesn't exist.
Anything at all being done to ensure that 2018 elections will be free from Russian intervention and voter suppression?
Just like the Russian collusion crap that you and the dems keep talking about #TermLimits
Dianne. You have 4.4 million illegals voting in California. If that's not voter fraud, what is it.
FYI

There is NO such thing as "Voter Supression"

IT'S VOTER THEFT!!!

They are STEALING votes!

#VoterTheft
Can you cite the right, of illegals to vote, in the Constitution? How about multivoting? Voting by the dead? Which "rights" do you mean?
Have you ever looked?? NO
