Agreed. Has anyone introduced legislation?
Just curious? For what reason? (BTW I don't like him is not a reason)
I think that Congress should allocate hurricane relief to Puerto Rico because Puerto Ricans are America citizens, and it’s their job.
I agree. But that's not a reason for impeachment. It's a another reason to call your congressperson.
This tweet didn’t mention impeachment and wasn’t about impeachment.
That said, I am also very concerned about the possibility that Trump colluded with Russia in their attack on our election.
This recovery should be the green energy model for the world, windmills, solar panels, cisterns, every home contributes to the grid.
IF PR talks trash about our @POTUS WHY should we help? Hate me, yet ask me for help? It doesn't make sense. Neither do you @SenFeinstein
Maybe having a mayor who is willing to be role model as what hard workers should look like before providing welfare.
#GolfAndGenocide
don't worry, sweetie, it happens to us all.

But the Republican Party is the one spending all your taxes on trips and vacations. So much for draining the swamp, right?
Gab, good luck with the law degree, you will soon see the effect of taxes on workers and contributors when you have to pay.
Thanks. You should seek higher education so you know what the hell youre talking about.
My education level is way above yours, you need to learn some humility and acceptance of other views or your life will be very difficult
Why don't all politicians cough up money, since y'all got rich off of politics
Cali. Demands you take action for all of America. Protect DACA Healthcare and PR. Cali had its own resources no waiting for failed Fed govt
We demand a full statement on what California has done for PR. We will not wait for this inept Federal govt. Step up Sen or step down!
..and get Mayor Cruz off her ass and start cooperating rather than bitching
No you must find someone in PR who can work with their crappy infrastructure and stupid, lazy citizens who can't figure out what to do.
We are.   https://twitter.com/Marlonius_1/status/913406576173522944/photo/1pic.twitter.com/fxefCoV680 
What's the best way to donate outside of Red Cross?
I'm embarrassed by trumps behavior in Puerto Rico. No OUTRAGED!
The dead of Puerto Ricans cry out for action. Defence is for the week. Lead and attack or concede defeat to the evil of Trumps indifference
Absolutely. Fire Trump and get America fixed back to normal.
agree    feel better?
Trump said indirectly He won't Repair Puerto Rico, It's to far gone,He also said they have too much Debt
Thank you to those that have verified that @KamalaHarris and @SenFeinstein are fighting for us and all Americans in PR and Our DACA bro/sist
They dont even pay fed taxes. Why should you use my money. Why dont you give them millions of your own money.
Puerto Rico is a American territory.
I agree.  But this failure also shows need to #impeachTrump.  How are the congressional investigations going?  Or are you letting the Rs 1/x
Dictate the terms of the investigations?  People are losing patience.  N. Korea, Puerto Rico, etc. are dangerous situations. People need 2/x
to see that you also feel the urgency.  Right now it looks like investigations are on a slow track by design. Rs don’t want to impeach.  3/x
So slow track will make it inevitable that Dems will need to do this.  Not good for country and Rs get to play politics with base in this.
Uhh they may be considered citizens by the misinformed left but in fact, and you can Google this they are considered "property of"
What are you doing personally except talking
Do something, Sen. Feinstein!
Texas's and Florida still need help or are u just forgetting about them saying oh well u can't bring me more votes. Gotta work on a new way
Yes Trump golfs for the 66th time in office.
Have the US Government send out the USNS Mercy . YES we have 2! This is in SD CA! Americans NEED all the help we can send down to .
Senator, your concern for the people of Puerto Rico is disingenuous.  In fact, your concern for all Americans cannot be believed.  #Retire!
Great! Then show us your FIGHT. Dems are always saying they're fighting for us. What are they doing now, in Puerto Rico's darkest hour?
That's already happening.  Get a grip.
Just sign something so the water in containers can be delivered!!!
Get the army corps of engineers in there to get water, shelter, food, comm set up; work on roads, power, runways! Ask CDC to get in there!
I wonder if The Donald knows they are part of us yet?! His geography is pitiful!
So make it happen. Well, how are Dems going to do that? Why wait for a GOP government to do it?
Hey Dianne, let's shut down the money that you are giving away to illegals so that we can take care of our AMERICAN citizens !!!!
I heard that Ricardo Rossello has received everything he’s asked for from Trump. Is he lying or are you?
So pass some thing and put it on President desk.
Send some of your 40+ million made mostly from gov contracts SAd we have people like you to make our laws.
Then DO SOMETHING!!!!!
Thank you captain obvious!
Pull out soldiers for Afghanistan to help with our problems.
Rescuers are sitting/Hospitals need meds  but can't help FEMA/HHS red tape News Crews are helping more Who is leading this?
And so does some people n Texas
I am 75 years old I have got nothing from anyone not even a phone call I am sleeping on the floor of my flooded home nowherebelse to go
Hmmmm Puerto Rico is an American Territory so ALL are American citizens! Mayor must be a liberal because the Gov of Puerto Rico is pleased!
Perhaps YOU need a briefing on what is being done already to know first of all what is currently underway. Don't act like you know already.
and by all means keep the Clinton's and their money grubbing machine the hell away from there.
Are you introducing legislation or just bloviating?
My guess is she's bloviating. POTUS can only do so much. DEMs just want to spread fake news that Trump's not helping. Not True!
1/ Shamefully our tax dollars are allocated to funding the luxurious travels of this administration. Such a travesty!
2/ And how ironic that the departments misusing taxpayers money is the Veterans Affairs & Health & Human Services.
3/ Both agencies' money could do a lot of good in Puerto Rico.
Why do you constantly run your mouth but don't do anything to help?
How,about u commit some of that personal wealth u & Husband corruptly obtained having access to Federal $$$ theft opportunities
How about YOU doing something DIANE you are SO good about SPENDING.
Well, no one is stopping you! Listen very carefully....
http://We.know.what.you .did.
May I suggest you resigning?
#AWANGATE
I'd like to see you and your cronies committed.
Your tweets are so abusive, we must, we have to, we should,  your tweets are so abusive to the American people
What are you doing besides complaining? I don't see you or your money there!
If California wasn't taxing us so damn much we could more.
Then get it done instead of flapping your jaws!
Who is"we"exactly?Isn't that Congress'job now that we have a 3-year-old huckster in the WH?R there no elected officials who can help PR?
So forget your internet garbage now and focus money on helping others
You and Marco seem to be the only two in Washington that have noticed.
So what are you doing about it "Senator" other then blaming others?

Stand with @NYSenatorRivera & demand that Congress take meaningful action to help Puerto Rico: http://petitions.moveon.org/s/i3GZQy  @moveon
Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rossello just stated: "The Administration and the President, every time we've spoken, they've delivered.
what are YOU doing beside tweeting? i think the country is tired of these meaningless tweets
y Trumph ?
Just ask those nice people in Flint, MI how those federal resources are working out.. you know, the resources being hoarded at the top...!
Let's see wasn't that in OBAMA'S time. How about giving a lot of CRAP and LIES his way
Agreed! I for one see today as just the latest of a 40yr system takeover. They all work together!
Senator -- Trump's a racist. They're brown skinned.  You need to FORCE HIS HAND.  Otherwise, there is no help from the feds.
Senator Feinstein when is the Democratic Senate going to act on behalf of the American people and call for for the Impeachment of Donald Trump!??!
Agreed. Lift the Jones! Please.
Check the news. POTUS did it yesterday.
When do you leave.
Amazing how people think 3.5 mil people &' an entire island of infrastructure can be restored in a week. 57 hospitals, restocked....
You misspelled statehood.
@kathleenmadigan Next we should invade Detroit
Then Indianapolis.  Pence left a Yuuuuuge mess.
By "American citizens" did you mean "All Puerto Ricans"? Because Puerto Ricans are US citizens.
Virtue signaling
Yes, @SenFeinstein,  A Shipping Port having containers  of resources not moving, resulting that other shipping barges cannot enter the port,
2/2 cont'd  to unload there cargo of resources ; because laborers are not working ; as to The Jones Act, is preposterous. The Peoples Lives

 Screw this shit: Let's start calling our senators and reps and tell them we want them to focus and help Puerto Rico. 202-224-3121
There's a bunch of trucks and ships with food water medicine problem is they can't get it to the people  up in the mountains
You must be watching #MSM. Stop it makes you look ignorant.
You are a little late to the Band Wagon Ms. Feinstein. Piling on to every other #libtard looking to use a tragedy for your political advance
После основательного разрушения строят коммунизм.
You have my permission to give as much money and time as you want.
Just saw interview on CNN W/ROSIE perez if u dont get it after that u have heart of stone. This @potus must go. What r u going 2 do abt it.
When did Puerto Rico become part of America again? plus no matter how much we give them Hurricane Maria's wrath is far from over
Have you ever been to a disaster relief area?
I've talked to several people in Puerto Rico and they told me the difficulty is there so many people that live high up on the mountains
Typical political rants, Trump has more military, disaster relief and federal personal there than in Afghanistan! What would you do Dianne?
Sick and tired of Democrats running down the country and when they finally do something it costs $$ and no results. Fix California MCGA
Don't forget US Virgin Islands...
Except roads, water treatment plants, and an electrical grid to reopen 51 Hospitals,
Then what is the hold up Diane please explain
We know that there's a lot of Devastation we know things need to be done what are you suggesting
9 days ago. This is so disgusting! Plz get rid of him!
*Two weeks ago
Lets Do it.
Where were u a week ago?! Where was everybody a week ago?!
they were in Texas Florida and Mexico
Yeah...like #PuertoRicans don't matter! Makes me sick! All of these people in power @POTUS mainly are murderers!! the #JonesAct should 1/2
2/2 have been lifted for #PuertoRico at day 1.. it's an island in the middle of a bigly ocean #dotard!! U were preoccupied with #TakeAKnee 
You can't approve something until the request comes in do you not get that
Since when does the @POTUS need to wait for a request for aid?! Look..I have no time for #dotard supporters..I feel sorry for u..nutcase!
It's called policy and if you work you would understand that
Why can't we send an aircraft carrier with helicopters to rescue people or drop supplies to areas that are cut off? Please explain
Everyone Needs to Donate. .It's Friday. ..Give At Least  $10 Bucks To A Worth Cause. ...POTUS  41 42 43 44 Have A Great Site Easy To Use
What was your position on JFK. Will you come out now and say you would not have supported him? California bigot and hypocrite
That's a great Point there's hundreds of Puerto Rican players in the major leagues why can't they help out more?
Roberto Clemente died helping the country he loved.
Don't just tweet to the peanut gallery. Tell @POTUS directly. SCREAM IT IN THE WELL OF THE SENATE.
Tell that to Puerto Rican hater Don who is wielding his power to get back at San Juan mayor for lambasting him.
Maybe you need to go down and help and take Pelosi and Schumer with you!  Maybe we can leave you all down there!
I agree. The entire Senate and the House have become candy asses when it comes to doing anything. They are scared of Donny dumb dumb
Feinstein the windbag let's talk about your personal donations to these victims of hurricanes
Rather than sending just the Comfort, send any large ship we have there, and oh yeah, logistics folks too. They seem to have not enough..

has @POTUS sent his contributions for Harvey and Irma survivors, yest?
Yes. Pay attention to real News. Shut off fake News
