How did your husband score those lucrative deals?
umm isn't that the point of a cabinet?
I believe this comment 1000%
you mean like holder and Lynch?
And Holder and Lynch never did that did they? Pfft
Don't you mean an arm of the Neo-Nazis re Bannon? We need to address this directly. Sessions= slap to Black fight for freedom

Sore Loser
Seriously? After 8 years of AG's that had no problem with mass spying, gross invasion of constitutional laws?
Oh and a racist is better?
I am neither DEM nor GOP by the way.
I suppose it doesn't matter what you believe. He's in. Suck it up, Cupcake.
U Neanderthal, @SenatorSessions is GREAT, Ur voting is Y Ur party lost, Ur constituents want U 2 SUPPORT @POTUS
He can't
I grew up in the south and I know how these good ole boys play.  Mrs King has already indicated that he's a Certified Racist
thank you!
Thank you @SenFeinstein. Trump is nominating only yes-men to disrupt the balance of power.

Like you were an arm of OBAMA!
and Loretta did so well.  Yea, you're views are warped and you're crooked. I hope your name is on list to be arrested.
An arm of the WH like Eric Holder & Loretta Lynch? I didn't hear u complaining about them. Sorry but you had 8 yrs. #Sessions
absolutely not!  Shame on republicans.
you would never vote for anything that would do the world good unless you am up with it. Not a California Democrat you know us
don't you think this was true of E.Holder and L.Lynch. Both only enforcement the ideologue of Pres Obama as a result.
this is a dangerous, ex-parte, biased and "conflict of interest" unconstitutional debacle. What will you do to stop this?
Sessions is dangerous man who will do anything for trump without thought.
please tell us how to help now 
What is our Constitutional protection against a madman in the WH w/ co-conspirators in the judicial and legislative branches?
Why is that? Scared he'll uncover voter fraud committed by democrats perhaps?
still wrong diane
why are senators with an obvious conflict of interest or personal stake in an issue do not recuse themselves---lack of ethics
Get over it. Nobody gives crap what you think anymore, except for hippie dinosaurs and other Dem hacks. Retire!! #whyyoulost

.@justdreamin91 @SorenJnaii1 Absolutely

Here is the #StarfleetVerified script for the #PriceIsWrong phone call

…
He'll be an old white racist.  Lord knows we need that now NOT.
isn't the President his boss?  I guess I was mistaken.
unlike holder and lynch right? 

Uncovering interference in our political and electoral systems is important to this country, democracy, & trust in gov't
and just what are you an arm of? Spend spend spend failed lib ideology by race baiting demogods
Thank you for trying!
so you think he'll be just like the last 2 attys gen'l
How did you feel about the last 2 AGs?
: I agree. Thank you for fighting SO HARD for the safety, security, and rights of both myself here in CA and for all Americans
Sessions is a mealy mouth racist & a pawn of DHT & Bannon's just like all of his billionaire cabinet.
Name the last one who wasn't?  #fakeoutrage #sessionsconfirmation
You can say that with a straight face after Lynch and Holder???  LMAO!!!
Thank-you for speaking up!  We need more Senators like you.
Senile? Obstructionist? Corrupt? Self-serving? I'm thinking that we need way less like her. Just my humble opinion.
hopefully he'll do the opposite of everything that you do!
.@SenFeinstein #feminist #DianneFeinstein shouldn't say ANYTHING bc she PROTECTS arm of #pimps who torture girls in her town #SanFrancisco!
@POTUS #AmericaFirst I believe you are referring to ERIC HOLDER.  Listen to Coretta King at Rosa Parks praise Sen Sessions
Whelp...
I agree. Glad you see it that way since you are my senator and have voted Yes too many times for nominees
Small biz owner? Where u located on the coast with the Elite? cuz you're sure not Inland where the gangs roam
that's garbage and you know it
Unless you impeach the grand orange one, we are all screwed.
AMEN!
vote no
yet you believe that your views and positions are still relevant. interesting.
kind of like how Holder and Lynch were independent?
I hope black people throughout America, and all around the world protest Jeff Sessions becoming US Attorney General a racist!
But she had no problem w 5th amendment Lynch or racist Fast&Furious Holder.
The way you and other Dems played politics with Jeff Sessions is shameful. You have much to be ashamed of.
But unfortunately, most legislators put party ahead of country.  So every nominee that @POTUS presents to the Senate will pass
please #block #JeffSessions he is unfit to perform the duties requires and a racist
you mean Like pres BO did with Holder and Lynch?
I'm no fan of this regime but be real, the last 8 years of AG have been horrible.
@Tooda Sessions is an old school bama bigot. Browns beware!
@TheClaudiaBlack Keep up the good work!
.@SenFeinstein @IsaLeeWolf Unfortunately, the people Trump nominated are all beholden to him and the 1%.
couldn't if he was:
Thank you, @SenFeinstein!! #Trumprussia #TrumpLeaks #DworkinReport #ImpeachTrump #StopPresidentBannon #resist #resistance
Absolutely not but he'll be confirmed no matter what we do
Boo fucking hoo
that's a great one 
Neither do I. Keep up the pressure
Gurl please. Did you say that about Eric Holder? No.
or Loretta Lynch???
bingo!
like Eric Holder was??
Thank you! We already know we can't.
#stopsessions This senator has not proven can stand up against GOP & 45's fascist regime.
from a constituent, thank you!
completely agree.
