He's afraid he doesn't have any tapes.
Or he needs time to have them doctored.
That will be the best scenario, authenticating digital files is easy.
Lol. Yup. But is there any doubt that his hubris doesn't extend far enough to believing he could get away with it?
Really?
No matter your political stance, you can acknowledge that Trump has had a tendency to make grand statements and fail to deliver results.
Not even touching politics here, I can think of a couple example. Trump Steaks, Trump Air.
Trump U. Trump casinos. Trump mortgage.
Fake news! Confirmed today tapes do not exist. Will you retract your statement?
They have not yet completed the "cutting and pasting".
Who wants to bet me ten bucks that #trump will fire Mueller once new FBI director is confirmed?
I don't think he can fire an independent prosecutor once the appointment's been made. I'm sure the Senator can clarify?
All the pundits say he can. I don't know for sure. But he is so stupid, he'll do it.
Rosenstein has to
He doesn't know how to work the tape thingy.
Tapes are of zero importance when you take into account Lynch ordered Comey to downplay Hillary's investigation. Words "matter".
Maybe there are no tapes?  He told Comey you better "hope" there are no tapes.  Why did Comey give Cheryl Mills & others immunity?  Guilty?
There are no tapes. There never were. Now that we call his bluff, he doesn't want to talk about it.
@AmyAmyfagan Why can't U understand DNC Hacked & HilLiar Refused FBI Ck Private Server/computers Russia?HmmRice needs invest
Oh he made up the tapes. He is a juvenile man-child. I also just got blocked from his Twitter feed. I'm proud to have pissed off the Cheeto.
The question is "what are YOU afraid of?" You have such a great endeavor to try and slow down the President's agenda for taking care of USA
What are YOU afraid of that you so badly need to nitpick at President Trump? Afraid he is going to expose all the democrat corruption?!
There are NO tapes! He shows a history of using this same ploy to bully other, less honest people than Comey!
Good night
Why did obama never release a real authentic paper birth certificate?  What was usurper obama aka Barry Soetoro aka Soebarkah afraid of?
Everything. He's afraid of everything.
@AlexPadilla4CA Release the Loretta Lynch letter ordering Comey to forgo the HRC server investigation!
If he lied about tapes, is it illegal?
He's afraid @MELANIATRUMP file for divorce lol
The tapes
Your a basketball writer, Aileen. Stick to it or get out!
I have a feeling the Comey Tapes are on top of Obama's Kenya birth certificate next to a monitoring microwave at a home in Bowling Green.
You should quote that... you didn't write that originally. Give credit
maybe there will be one where even admits to grabbing pussy...
He is now afraid of his own shadow. Keep on him, Senator. Thank you!
He's right now on his Whats app, pleading with Putin to make this #COMEY #CLOUD to away.
How do you know that there are tapes? I guess it came  from your sources!!!
Show me you tapes!
There are NO tapes he is the president and he can TAKE this place to chaos if he wants. Who gonna check him. The @GOP GOP is using him erase
There are no tapes. He's lying again.
His shadow, his nightmares reading in public.
That either way he intimidated a witness!
Oh Lordy, release the tapes! Please.
There are no tapes.
Ya know every President since Kennedy has taped conversations. Mr. Trump can end tape by showing work order taking out system.
That @realDonaldTrump lied YET AGAIN & tapes don't exist OR tapes prove #Trump LIED AGAIN. Either way, Pathological Liars Lie!
There are none, he is not telling the truth
Please become an American again
In thats tapes you only can listen "covfefe".
He has no tapes. He likes to keep people on the edge.
There aren't any tapes, just another bully tactic. Bullying the FBI, a lot different than employees and women.
He is hoping we forget
Per the Secret Services there are no tapes. He lied to intimidate Comey. And Comey understood donnie's  nature.
He's a liar there are no tapes!
There's no tapes! There's no tax returns! There's no blind trust! No rules! Rules & laws don't apply to #45! 
#FuchTrump
No tapes. Digitized. Check cell phones.
They don't exist, Senator. Just ask John Miller.
I don't think he has any tapes
The tapes will be made available when they finish creating the necessary 18 1/2 minute gap.
He has to alter then first.
Let me answer for him: Of women seeing him naked... #tinyhands wait, you meant what about the tapes is he afraid of, my bad.
there are NO tapes.  It is another of the Trump lies.
Trump seems to have accused himself of doing what he accused Obama of doing to him.

#SpecialCounsel
What do you mean what is he afraid of? Everything!!!
Trump didn't actually say that tapes existed. The president was mocking all the leakers and those who secretly taped him and his Admin.
Who's afraid of the big bad laws, big bad laws, big bad laws? T-t-t-t trump.
.@realDonaldTrump is not acting as a President he thinks he is on reality TV and is just creating chaos to amuse himself
When will the Democrats accept the fact that @realDonaldTrump does NOT have any tapes and is playing and dangerous game? #uspoli
there are no tapes. It is just another lie.
He's afraid to ask if they exist
He bluffed and now it has back fired. If Comey said you lied, prove him wrong and release the tapes. #NeverGoingToHappen
I believe he is afraid of you! Get him!
I think he's afraid that they don't exist in the real universe.
Now they're saying there are no tapes.
The President lied again or they were purged.
PLEASE #Congress, we're tired. 99% of us get up each morning, go to work, follow the rules & laws & try to make ends meet. This BS must stop
Lol so many things
They're still editing the tapes. Also: the actor they got for Comey wasn't exactly right.
There are no tapes. He cant work recording equipment with those tiny hands.
The truth?
No tapes -- otherwise what would be the point of meeting alone with Comey to discuss Flynn and loyalty? Trump didn't want any kind of trail.
He's still waiting for the Russians to finish the hack job of doctoring them.
He has no tapes, It's all a game to him. Please focus on healthcare, #SaveACA @SenateGOP secretly pushing thru bill. People will die!
Which ones? I do not want to see the pee pee ones.. Ill take a synopsis

He probably lied and there is no tapes! I'm still waiting for his tax returns! He's lied about them from day one!
The truth
There are no tapes and if you believe that...you need to retire!
Senility sucks. Dianne is fading.
Everything. 
He's a coward.
He ain't got no damn tapes remember he's the liar in Chief
We all know there aren't any tapes. He's a LIAR
Prez Trump as he isn't mine and most peoples is always afraid of anything coming back to bite him but does he regret them I say no
Get to work Di. We need Congress to do its job instead of adding to the drama. Health Care.....remember. What is the status of your plan?

Robert Mueller can file criminal charges for obstruction against Trump and incarcerate Trump. Using the federal court system. https://twitter.com/RodneyRhodan/status/873739798816542720 …
Your assuming he has tapes.
Another lie. There are NO TAPES........
There are NO tapes - just a lot of HOT AIR from the Predator in Chief
He has no tapes, he has no back bone he has no principals!
Maybe we should ask Putin or Wikileaks's to release the tapes the way Trump did for Hillary- he got his wish then.
He's afraid he'll lose the last 10% of people that believe what he says.
There are NO tapes! You know it, I know it, and all of America  (that aren't trumpets) knows it. He just wants the power they hold.
He's afraid of the same thing that keeps u from communicating with your constituents- that he'll be exposed as corrupt & a fraud. #hypocrite
It is sickening to have this con managing the White House like a reality show. Imagine any other President hawking tapes like this. Gross.
Did Comey wire himself with a tape recorder when he visited Trump?
He's afraid we will find out what a liar he is
THERE ARE NO TAPES IF THEY COULD VINDICATE HIM THEY WOULD BE RELEASED
Why is he given so much time to hand them over? Just remembering what happened with Nixon and the missing minutes.
He may be crazy enough to have paid someone to make fake, digital recordings of Comey. His voice is out there, everywhere - wouldn't be hard
There are no tapes. Just a veiled threat that is really just another Trump Fairy tale.
@AlexPadilla4CA Alex Padilla's ass needs an audit of his voter rolls to see just how much voter fraud is in California!
What tapes?
#exactly
That they'll expose him as the liar he is.
If trump had tapes they would have run on fox during Comey hearing?? Another  game the president of the United States likes to play.Shameful
Among other things, ma'am. I believe he's afraid of you. Thank you for that.
#Resist
There are no tapes.  He's a liar plain and simple.
....because he doesn't have tapes,  if he did have tapes he would most likely destroy them trying to avoid incarceration. ..
A subpoena should be issued to get the tapes. Asking Trump will not resolve this. Time to use all legal means possible! He must be stopped.
If there are tapes I'll eat them
He doesn't have an 8 track player any longer
You could change "p" to "x" just as well in this sentence
Afraid to say they never existed. He's simply a bully & a liar. That's all he's got.
I'd be suspicious if Trump suddenly hires Rosemary Woods......
Why doesn't the intelligence committee submit a request to someone like Sergei Lavrov to retrieve the binary audio content and reassemble?
We all believe you're guilty! Just prove it to us now! Don't leave us in suspense!
Is this an attempt to placate the public? If so, its not working. If you want the truth about the tapes SUBPOENA TRUMP!!
Deleting the word 'pussy' is a really tough job. Really tough. Very very tough.
Another one of his threats to silence Comey! It's a lie he has no tapes.
I hit the erase button by accident, dah.
Yes!
Your Tax returns also.
You'll find the "tapes" in the same box with Obama's Kenyan birth certificate and Trump's tax returns.
He's afraid that he lied and doesn't have those tapes made yet. His editing team is working hard as we speak.
-He is not afraid of anything!! He is the President of the USA!!!
Better question; why are you afraid to to vote in favor of what benefits your constituents as opposed to your corporate donors?
The tapes don't exist. The entire tweet was normal @realDonaldTrump behavior. Change the discussion. Create a Reality TV show. Intimidate.
There are no tapes. He's bluffing. Nancy Pelosi explained his behavior perfectly: charm, bully, abandon, sue.
And have him release his taxes!  What are you afraid of?
Afraid of? Legal precedent perhaps
Good Senator there are no tapes no wait, they just finished making one right now.
Who knows! Maybe their could be tapes?
And your tax statements may as well huh? 
There are no tapes. Or, there are no tapes showing Comey lied under oath. If there were Trump would have released them. His ego is priority.
Well... The tapes.
He wants to tease us and tease us just like his Paris Accord stunt. Pathetic. Thinks this is a TV show, just wants ratings & attention.
Just add it to the list of daming evidence we'll never see. Tax returns, tapes, etc...
Yes, please release them!  Thank you, Senator, for your service. You are appreciated.
I think Trump making loose reference to Watergate tapes inference, we need to respect the office of the presidency and the executiveimpunity
He knows those receipts are going to do him in he ain't releasing no tapes
Stop funding the military industrial complex
The truth
Do, get over it! Go after Obama. Plenty of evidence to prove guilt!
My money is on "no tapes exist." The liar was only lying again. Go figure!
Now he can't find those damn tapes. His own words repeatedly ensnare him.
And Obama should be prosecuted for worse- like the ILLEGAL spying on us Americans and the illegal Unmasking and The ILLEGAL ransom paid
The Comey tapes exist just like @POTUS44 wiretapped #Trumptower.  @realDonaldTrump lies like a box of rocks.  No credibility. SAD! #COVFEFE
I must have missed your tweet demanding the memos from Comey as well...my bad
Oh, for goodness sakes. There are no tapes. He's stupid but he's not THAT stupid.
Release Hillary's 33ke-mails,Un-seal Obama's records-prosecute Hillary, Comey and Loretta Lynch. U can't have it just ONE way Dianne!!!
Oh STOP Dianne and get to work ! The witch hunt is getting old ! Move on...you LOST !!
They can't find an invisible tape player....maybe could use the microwave.
Everything! trump is afraid of everything and everyone. Who else has he asked to give pledges of personal loyalty? More than one I am sure!
His tapes can be found with Obama's "real" African birth certificate. #Covfefe #TrumpBS
There were tapes but he spilled ketchup on them. Seriously the idea of "tapes" in 2017 is ridiculous.
one million for 'WHAT IS JAIL".
He is afraid of getting caught
looking to hire a rose marie woods clone before he can release
His shadow
@kathymd999 >This is not a soap opera, We know who shot JR. Quit acting & quit saying StayTuned.The longerUwait, guiltierUlook
Human beings.
And release your #taxes
He busy creating them. He has to find those Russian actors.  Lol
I believe he's afraid he got caught in another lie
LITERALLY EVERYTHING.
He's waiting for @RogerJStoneJr  to get them back from the Russian audio specialists making the fake tapes!
@realDonaldTrump d probably destroyed them as they would incriminate him.
Impeachment, prosecution, his base realizing what we all know--that he's a jerk and a bully...I could go on...
Don't forget the tax returns. Bob Mueller probably has them by now. That's all he'll need to get the job done.
Agree
They're sitting in his underwear drawer next to his tax returns....
Loar liar pants on fire. And I'm not bringing in a fire extinguisher. LOL. He is a piece of work isn't he?
@realDonaldTrump He is totally 
The tapes aren't done yet. It takes awhile to make fake tapes.
HE LIED or they are incriminating.
.@realDonaldTrump is afraid of the truth. He's never seen it so it frightens him

If there are tapes in the Oval Office, there are also tapes of the Russian meeting in the Oval Office.
Dear Senator, With respect, You don't really think he has tapes?!?. We're dealing w Trump, not someone w ethics and normal tendencies....
Looking for Rose Mary Woods
Again #hope LOL #JamesComey better #hope no tapes.. Why? Because @POTUS knew the #leaker #deepstate #enemy was Comey who woke in cold sweat
The Truth
QUESTION
DID TRUMP MAKE TAPES OF THE RUSSIANS IN OUR OVAL OFFICE OUR JUST OF OUR *OWN* FBI DIRECTOR?
WHY DIDN'T SESSIONS DEMAND TO STAY???
Can we just take a moment to appreciate the inane babble Sen. McCain spouted in the public hearing. I feel like it's not appreciated enough.
He has no tapes, just a huge blowhard.  Lies are his modus operandi.
Still waiting for the taxes... PROBABLY NOT going to happen.
He knows he is caught yet again in another lie NO TAPES he needs time to come up with a good story for why he said what he said.
There aren't any tapes, this is just another bs tease from our so called President.
If he does, some of it will be "accidentally" erased.
