yea, we have had this disaster called Obamacare since 2010  and 8yrs later you have a bill to lower costs?? #PLEASE
ACA didn't price anyone out of insurance. Insurance companies do that. If you really want to lower prices - single payer. Take out middleman
We already have single payer its called the VA system. How is that working out for the vets?

And they all come to the USA when they need treatment. Rather the rich in those countries do. Those countries healthcare is crap.
Have you ever talked to a real live person from any of these countries? Anyone who has actually received medical treatment there?
This woman is going to die from cancer but she can not even use her own Obamacare insurance because the deductible is too high. #SHAMEFUL
Insurance company profits - that isn't CAUSED by the ACA.
Yeah. Too bad its not what we actually need. We want Single- Payer. Stop opposing it.
Bot?
Yes. But that's verified Bot to you, sir! 
Meanwhile, why does Sen Feinstein refuse to support single payer?
When has the govt ever done anything right?  You want them in control of your health care?  Not me.
Because private health care and insurance is working so great for so many people?
Tell me how great govt insurance is working for those in the VA?  Medicaid?  He'll even Medicare is horrible.
VA has been partly privatized. Medicare is not horrible. Private insurance is terrible--they look for reasons not to reimburse.
What does that even mean?
You wish she had been shut up?
That sounds like you wish someone had brought harm to the Senators?
How do you wish someone would have "shut them up"?
The rate of increase in costs slowed to a 50 year low after ACA passage. #facts
Facts are facts, anecdotal experience does not change them.
I do. But these are.
This is really, really easily verifiable information. Tell me your state and plan and in 2 mins of research I can tell you every increase
Thank you, Senators! #HoldTheFloor
Where is that bill?  If it's better and the @GOP won't negotiate, get a new budget score, release the details, and negotiate with the people
Are you talking about the Senate Bill or the single payer option that was stuffed in a drawer to die in the CA state assembly?
#HoldTheFloor
I can't believe it.
Support single-payer or retire.
Fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice..that won't happen..your affordable healthcare and mine 2 diff things..single-payer!

40 million people could have universal health care and lead the way for nation or at least let the rest of the country to be 'Murica!
Which is why we are not being fairly represented. Enough of political cues by the minority for majority.
I am n agreement with Jackie, there is just 2 much of an anomaly n the percent of difference in the outcome of the swing states, mechanical!
Senate GOP are denying millions of Americans the right to representation in Congress and democratic process -- life, liberty #HoldTheFloor
Where was your bill after realizing Obamacare was a disaster?  Now all of a sudden it matters to you?
So how were GOP representatives paid to sell us out and deny us healthcare?
Never seen folks get BENT OVER & RAPED like we were with ObamaCare, yet people now act like it's just great. Oh wait, that's just trolls 
Thx u Senators 4 being our rock! No matter what party, we unite on affordable healthcare 4 all American's#HoldTheFloor##healthydissent
Take the business factor out n it will cost way less -1 infcted leg in Fl - $15.000.00- flew to Canada Free 1 injection in ER - same person
Cite your stat!
That is 12% of the US population. Ridiculous.
California alone is 39 million people. So your point is?
1. Yes. Senators representing 22% of the US population are trying to ram through a bill affecting the remaining 78%.
2. California has 12% of the US population. It is ridiculous that Senators Harris and Feinstein have no input due to Repubes secret process.
What happened with Obamacare? Why don't I believe you
Two words of advice: universal healthcare. I'm ur constituent and as you know we r going to get this here in CA. Dems are weak because
"Affordable insurance" is weak. Dems need a cogent healthcare narative the whole country can rally behind. Be united behind a message
Thank you Senators!
Love that!
dullard alert 
That's probably because of your track record with gun control and censorship in California makes you laughable
You & your new pal Kamala haven't made a damn thing affordable for Californians!  I wouldn't trust either of you w/a potted plant.
Now would be a good time to shamelessly publicize it, on TV, take a full page ad...The line is Dems have no plan. C'mon!!!!#Fight4OurHealth
Well do something!  Rip the fuckin bill out of their hands ... Have some spunk ... break a law or two to indicate some passion for US
We know you're both #Persisting
Release your bill and let Americans compare them. Let them see another way.
Single Payer or get voted out. Pretty simple.
I've got an autistic son. Who is speaking for him? Not my Sens Cassidy or Kennedy. #HoldTheFloor
Giving insurance companies our tax dollars as subsidies is not a good plan. Already 20 trillion in debt. Thanks for that Democrats.
Thank you senators keep up the fight!
More than 10 million are ilegal..  .. so who do you work for??! Tax payers, no ... $$$ for votes ... in the mean time we work like ..
so it was 3 million first, now 10 million? Wow. i thought Trump was doing better on Immigration. But your saying he let 7 mil people in?
Was NEVER 3 millions.. maybe in 1991 ..
Oh never mind, i thought you Illegal voters, (which as you know is near 0 statistically)  
Illegal me?  .. statistics in CA doesn't exist .. media is an extension of the left ..
we don't want "more affordable" it's time we joined the rest of the modern world and give our citizens Medicare for All
Can you write your bill and send to CBO for scoring?
If your bill isn't #SinglePayer or #MedicareForAll it's a POS
Do it in Cali, then.
You may not be my state's senators, but I consider you my representation. Thank you for fighting for all Americans.  #HoldTheFloor
They are representing California, not "all Americans." At least they are supposed to be.
Their votes may only count for CA, but they're advocating for my family more than my senators, so. And I get civics, thanks.
Well, that's a relief.
Stop them any way u can the people say no the republicans say who cares what u want it's all about the mercers and Kochs wanting to control
How about getting rid of the rent extracting health insurers who provide no actually needed service?
Hold the floor.
hold deez nutz
Look between your legs. You don't have dick. You and your Democrat buddies absolutely ruined healthcare in the U.S. Obama added more rules.
Like when Democrats shut out Republicans during first go round?  Who are you kidding?
Keep going. Do hc town halls in GOP incumbent districts
Single payer is the same as well fair don't need it The gov needs out of our lives
98% of people don't matter.  The tax cut for the top 2% matters.
Thanks @SenateDems
Thank you!Please don't give up!
If I had a great insurance bill, I'd be all over MSM giving details
Wrongwrongwrongwrongwrongwrongwrong
When the Republican chair silences women Senators, remind him how many people you represent.
TY Sen for responding to my actual questions and for your service!
it's not about that. SINGLE PAYER. Stop with half measures.
We who've lived healthcare belly hv overhaul we know works. Sim to next door nation care for all, btr cancer survive, does @ 1/10 US coats.
Oh, now you're #HoldTheFloor.  Little too late, where we're you earlier?
Feel our support and gratitude!!  #womenwhoresist
The GOP have no decency! Keep fighting! #HoldTheFloor
Keep up the good work! #Trumpcare is #NoCare #Vote2017 #Vote2018 #Vote2020 @SenKamalaHarris
#releasethetaxes
From now on Dems have to play dirty like the Republicans. No more playing nice. Next time around WE'LL hold secret hearings, withhold SCOTUS
What happened on Obamacare wasn't that done behind closed doors?
Like the way Harry Reid shut out Republicans? Sucks, doesn't it?
Continue to fight for us! #holdthe floor!  #takethefloor! #voteGOPout
It's so unbelievable.
You insured that with your crappy attitudes.  Your entire demeanor says no to team work.  So busy looking sour for your constituents.  Loser
Maybe u can pass a @potus bill so "you can see what's in it!"? Too bad aca was passed with such bipartisan support…oh, nvm #PJNET
But the majority of the 40 million people you represent want Medicare for all! So what are you really offering?
I loved my post to show support.
You ladies are my Senators and you make me Proud. I need my Obamacare please all #HoldTheFloor @GOP is a disgrace.
Start supporting kratom Diane. It's saving thousands of lives. Get informed.
I'm with you. As a public health professional in Shasta County CA, I applaud your fierce commitment to CA's health!
If your bill isn't for single-payer then it's shit.
Good luck, Dianne. We need a miracle of sorts to get out of the fix we're all in with it. It's not pretty.
Thank you
Of course, Senator. No girls allowed. 
Also no doctors, no experts, no finance people.
My guess is that the Senators see universal healthcare as the goal. B'caus Repubs don't see care as a right of ours, needs 2 b done in steps
Karma. Democrats did the same when ACA was put together and passed it.
#Medicare4All #SinglePayer
Sen Feinstein please tell the American ppl more about your bill. 
You passed Obamacare based on lies that it would make insurance "affordable"... as in "Affordable Healthcare Act"... 
It didn't...
#HoldTheFloor
Ever notice how you all are making excuses?  We have.
The republicans who remain silent as the history of US democracy is slowly eradicated and turned into a plutocracy will be REMEMBERED
Cmon senate dems you can do this thank you for fighting for us
You have our support!! Thank you for all you do!
If you can't or won't work with the republicans why should anyone listen. You have become an obstructionist
#HoldTheDoor
#Medicare4All We reject supporting the insurance industry with our blood! Obama's plan was a boon for ins corps. Repubs plan to let US die.
Lmao. Shoe is on the other foot now
The PEOPLE are WOKE! Do you know that means? It means your sh!t is visible & no longer tolerated. #SinglePayerOrBUST
Thank you for your work. The lack of decent affordable healthcare is wrong and it's also a risk to nat'l security
And left with student loans I can't possibly pay back.
I am with you!
Dianne, link this so called bill, so Americans can approve or disapprove of it, first. WE will tell you all if it's good for Americans.
Not only an affordable premium, but affordable deductibles and co-pays, too!
Oh Shut it you liar. You and Kamala are corrupt to the core
If it isn't single payer, forget it. Otherwise,  you just talk shit & continue to pad your pockets with the lobbists money.
Suffering from selective dementia? @NancyPelosi demanded #Obamacare pass before ANYONE knew what was in it? @realDonaldTrump
Keep talking about it! Get your message out front and center!
Yeah, right. Like ObamaCare? I really doubt it. All the Dems are good for are lining their pockets, spreading racial hate, dividing the USA.
Thanks for your efforts Sen Feinstein. Keep on!
What would it say about American values if we treated & funded Health Care and Education in the same way we do the Military?

#HoldTheFloor
This is not what democracy looks like. Keep fighting for the American people.
I have lived in Calif most of my life, now 15 yrs Hawaii. I trust both my Senators to hold ground and fight. We are with and behind you.
So much for #transparency.  Fight on, #DemsUnite
Maybe you should quit being an obstruction
We have to fight back somehow.. how can I help?
Your junior Senator is the next President
Thank you, WonderWomen! 
Thank you!! Proud to have you both represent me!
Keep up the great work. #HoldTheFloor

Republicons want to put us back to square negative 1. Singapore has UHC that costs 1/4th of what we pay, but we get there step by step.
...good and deserved...You don't represent 40 million, you two represent nobody but yourselves..Done w/ you Terrorist Dems.. Resign..
Should've thought of them when you decided to go from the opposition party to resistance party. Now you're shut out. ObamaCare is gone.
MEDICARE for all
I've got your back in CA-49 -- sunny North San Diego County. #HoldtheFloor
You and that other communist don't represent any people. You represent the United Nations shadow government that wants technocratic control.
Now you know how Progressives feel #MedicareForAll
You have too much power & need to be reined in.... plus, you belong to the devil........

13 R Sen deciding HEALTHCARE - 2TX 2UT 2WY KY SD TN AK CO OH PA No women, no diversity, no Northeast states, no CA FL NY #ShowUsTheBill
Affordable?  Hahaha.  I don't think you understand what is affordable to most people ladies.
Reply sad bordering on criminal the lack of respect and human decency for others. #HoldTheFloor
Take a number. There are 23 MILLION people who are about to be shut out with you.
You lost me at you and Kamala...
How about retiring? Too many in Congress have been there for far too long, both R and D. Young(er) minds, fresh(er) ideas.
Drastic measures called for. If you won't do it then resign together w/Pelosi and Schumer. #fedup

I believe you mean hold the door...
And how much would I wish that the Senators who represent me and 40 million Californians would get behind single-payer.
#HoldTheFloor
try to use their stance against shutting you out, circumvent as new medical political branch,and new environmental branch
Single-payer or retire
Thank you Senators for fighting secrecy and forging ahead to make health insurance more affordable. It's complicated we know, we thank you.
You've had 5 months to make an effort to reach across the aisle. Most Americans believe you aren't interested. 40 million citizens I hope.
Keep it up, but let's get CA healthcare as well, so this never happens to us again
Democrats are too damn soft and PC. Stop bringing a feather to a knife fight and call these Republicans our and you'll win elections.
The best health care I've EVER had was with Group Health. When the original plan was introduced it got chopped and slashed. #TheResistance
You mean like obama did to republicans? You libs realize there is something called the internet w proof obama lied
Bc no one believes a word that comes out of your mouth. You're almost as corrupt as Clinton with all the backdoor deals you've done.
The people want #Singlepayer Universal Healthcare for all.
"More affordable"  In other wordfs im a sellout who didnt fight to make healthcare affordable all together for everyone
Do you, really? Is that why she let foreclosure king Knuchin not face trial and took his donor dollars instead? And why you love all wars?
Please continue to resist and persist. We need help.
single payer plz
No they won't and you know it too
How is that legal NOT to hear your plan?!
Thank you! Hold the floor. You're a goddess!
I can't wait for the downfall of this current repulsive Republican administration... if it can be called 'administration' that is. 
Happy to be a Feinstein/Harris constituent. When you need to get things done hire a woman.
Retire, please retire.
Insurance more affordable. You said that 8 years ago.
A huge majority of whom do not support Trump. Why should Mitch-McTuckey backwater hold CA residents hostage? #Holdthefloor
...b/c you have to Batshit Pelosi pass it to see what's in it. CA Libtard?
I voted for Obama twice. Dem malfeasance lost me forever.
Tell us about ur bill!!
Keep up the good fight!
You were invited but refused to show up. Your entire party has been Hell Bent on destroying the POTUS. Not how this should work.
I believe dems shut out republicans during Obama care discussions and lied about what was in the bill. Can't complain now!
single payer now
Thank you for fighting for the American people.

Silly, Dianne we do not have money for utilities, food and shelter now what? Medicare for all w/full access to #Cannabis its #Cannabinoids
You were elected by 1/5 of that 40 million
If your bill is all that, why didn't you present it when the donkeys controlled the Senate?
How dare the @SenateGOP try 2 push this through w/o sharing plans with their Dem colleagues or the American ppl?! #DrainTheSwamp indeed!
.@SenateDems need to play this on a loop in every office until #ACHA is dead and buried. Seriously. 

#holdthefloor
You have to pass it to know what's in it!
