Retire you out of touch old bag! Climate change is a HOAX Thor the government to tax companies! You are a example of the need for term limit
Feinstein is a perfect example of the serious need for AGE and TERM LIMITS!! She So out of touch with the real American people!
Write Articles of Impeachment DJT & Pence. Pence for behavior w/ Flynn & misprision of DJT’s Obst. of Justice. Constituent (handle=name&zip)
YAHWEH'S MINISTRY, HILO, HAWAII
Climate change is another fake just like Obama's Birth Certificate.
Climate change is B.S.
It’s HORRIBLE and backwards!
How old are you, were you alive when they created power?
Then you must be against creating jobs.
Don't worry Diane. Jerry Brown in CA like so many other cult leaders will still lead his followers to suicide in the name of the climate.
@realDonaldTrump @ScottPruittOK  DISGUSTING! 1People need to outraged! They get a $multi-Trillion tax cut & we get filthy air & nasty water
Californians should consider autologous blood donations prior to any surgeries until sanity returns to our state government.  #HIVbloodLaw
Absolutely
Climate change has been happening before the invention of SUVs and all other BS reasoning. Let's talk facts for once, Feinstein.
Climate change is a scam, and you've lost this argument.  #MAGA
U r too smart to be terrifying the uninformed with your global@warming nonsense—u know some polar ice is actually growing, not melting-
I don’t believe u r this misinformed. U have lived long enough to know Cali has always had wildfires. Bad hurricane year, but over 10 quiet.
Could you respond to the counter claim on this, Senator?
So you accept climate change just like every other corporate democrat? Maybe you should vote in favor of publicly funded elections! Won't.
We will not be deceived jewess!!!
The climate does change. For example it was 34f tonite on the way home. It's getting colder. It's Autumn.
For billions of years since the earth was a ball of lava the climate has been changing for the better . So don’t interfere  
Talking about zombie apocalypse
Yes if we all just buy Tesla cars, we can save the planet and all be heros, I just KNOW IT 
With respect of all the scientific reports as of yet I have not read one that a scientist actually puts his reputation to say positive?
Finally we have a #POTUS that understands that we aren't going to force our energy costs to sky rocket.
You want climate change start walking quit flying in your fancy planes you want to make a difference start living it quit lying about it
Yes please stop the next natural disaster...
Why didn't Dems bring this up sooner? Hello! Anything Obama has done is a TARGET! Wake up Dems!
Wining!! Billions of dollars back into pocket of consumers jobs jobs jobs Almost Heaven West Virginia & other coal producing states
I wonder when they will relaize climate change doesn't happen in just 10 years
Maybe if it didn't have so many idiot regulations it wouldn't have to be repealed. Obama made it to big and to many regulations.
Last 150 yrs. 8 Billion more people x 98.6 degrees+Heat & cool them.+ energy for housing, roads, pavement etc. Why would't earth be warming?
Two problems, CC aka GW, is nothing but another power grab of the USA economy, just like ACA.  YOU NEED TO RETIRE, & do some soul searching.
~THERE IS NO PLANET B~
#SaveOurPlanet 
#ClimateChangeIsReal 
#SaveCleanPowerPlan 
#GlobalWarmingIsTrue 
#GlobalCitizenship
Haaaah, then downsize your house. You’re a hypocrite! Biggest bunch of BS I’ve ever heard! Climate Change is a lie!!!
Climate Change as bogus as th first name given, Global Warming, just didn't work for the power hungry. There is not  enough weather data!
Go retire!
Here is an idea stop driving  and do your part. Please stay home.
@realDonaldTrump is single mindedly focused on eradicating the @POTUS44 legacy no matter how much damage it causes. His legacy.
DO IT!!!!!!!!!
And what have you done?
Repealing a un constitutional over reach by Obama.  Finally a President who follows our laws.
He is not an American.
All the facts are there.
He hides behind Patriotism and the Flag.

Question: How do get rid of him?
.So you're saying President Trump is detached from reality?
Too late to care Senator.

Next.
He doesn't live in reality.
Frankenstein, go away with all of your CA BS!!! You are exactly what is wrong with CA!!
Which reality? The one where dudes can be chicks if they say they are? The one where all whites are racist? The 1 in 4 college rape lie?
Um, SMART presidents don’t make decisions based on a twisted Socialist’s reality.
Just like it has from the beginning of time. What makes now so different?
Ignoring reality is one of the few things Trump does well. #ImpeachTrumpNow
Climate change? Seriously? Don't you think if climate change was truly happening we'd all be in big trouble by now?
Please retire
Of course climate change is happening and real!  THATS THE VERY NATURE OF CLIMATE!  if it didn't happen, what's it supposed to be, static?
the president is absolutely wrong on this.
This is a power grab by the Elites both here and the UN. A farce.
Can't we file Class Action on behalf of the children in this country based on Equal Protection? What about requiring an Env Impact Report?
I agree. I'd also like to know when you and @ChuckGrassley plan to release the transcripts for Glenn Simpson (Fusion GPS) testimony?
U are acting senator.....how bout going to work now with our prez or retire.
The sole human act that will alter climate is an orbital solar screen. I bet the time and effort better than liberal climate control of Man
SCAM!!
Still worried about the Climate more than Californians getting AIDS from a blood transfusion I see or Hep A from all your Illegals 
Go make a budget and bring it to committie. 
#DoYourJob
#RecallSenFeinstein
Yes because energy to aide development and reduce the cost of electrictiy to help the poor is a bad thing.
Maybe it's @realDonaldTrump idea to bring new careers in the first responder profession?
Climate change is a SCAM!!!
Obama era efforts  cost trillions and unemploy millions. For .04 difference in 100yrs Best effort to adjust to changes that will come anyway
#Impeach45. Congress must act now. Take the reins and roar women. He's embarrassing us all in front of the world.
Trump says "America First", but what America is he referring to?
Taxation won’t affect Mother Nature.
SENATOR 3 YEARS IS RIGHT AROUND THE CORNER !AND THIS STAILMATE CAN BE TAKEN FOR JUST AS LONG !I AM GAME!
We see #ClimateChange everywhere!
The president is representing the contributing Americans he knows you have the back of the illegals and the foreign Nationals
Fuck your climate change
SENATOR IF THIS ADMINISTRATION KEEPS GOING AGAINST ALL CONGRESS! AND PEOPLE !HOW LONG DO YOU THINK THEY WILL HAVE THEIR JOBS????
Your "reality" you mean?  Get the Chinese to stop burning coal first. Those are the people laughing at us over the Paris accords.
cough cough:: 25th Amendment ::cough cough
Senator, pls work with your colleagues in the House of Representatives to #ImpeachTrump and remove him from office. He is hurting America!
Has to break the law first.
He has. I'm not willing to debate that. Robert Mueller can present that evidence.
Right! Bc there's nothing there. But Hillary on the other hand! Btw if Trump get impeached Hillary doesn't not become president.
If you think Trump is on the right side of the law, you are deeply ignorant of the law. Also, this is not about Hillary. No deflecting.
But what has he done. Facts only no fake news tell me where I can find it so I can see it for myself. Bc I'm pretty opened minded
NYT, Washington Post, WSJ, etc., etc., are not fake news. Fox News, Breitbart, InfoWars are. Told you I'm not debating it.
