American citizens are tortured daily by old cronies such as yourself! #CongressionalTermLimits #FlatTax4All
Spare us your empty words @SenFeinstein. Your confirmation votes make you complicit.
why are you supporting Drumpfs cabinet nominees? You're not getting re-elected!
this smokescreen won't hide the fact that you voted in favor of Pompeo. Stop insulting our intelligence.
Please explain your vote on Pompeo.
why did you vote to confirm Pompeo? He is an Islamaphobe that won't rule out torture. You sold us out!!!!
Then why didn’t you vote “no” on Pompeo? Disappointed in you.
@glynco Dem Feinstein apparently did not read the POTUS order - it says "safe and lawful" interrogation techniques.
Cannot become the barbarians we distain.
its a bit late to share views on torture after approving Pompeo. #letsnotpretend Where do you really stand?
so why did you vote to confirm Pompeo? Disgraceful
very disappointed for your vote for Pompeo.
you voted for an advocate of torture so I don't get this at all
If you oppose torture, as I do, you MUST VOTE AGAINST JEFF SESSIONS. You know he'll be trying to justify it.
Vote no on Sessions!
will be calling your office today.
.@SenFeinstein
Did your Twitter shill not get the memo that you voted for torture freak Mike Pompeo, and every other Trump appointee?
Don't worry guys, @SenFeinstein has a plan! Why vote against the torture advocate when you can politely suggest he read how torture is bad…
your office is unreachable and mail boxes full all day. I would like to request a tally of constituent feedback on SESSIONS
vote NO on Sessions. Can't get through to your offices!
why did you vote to confirm Pompeo? He supports torture and mass surveillance. Don't legitimize Trump's nominees. #resistance
Why did you vote Yes on Pompeo? CA progressives will vote you OUT of office if you don't represent us! #resist #theResistanse
Torture don't work in voting for @SenatorSessions Voting for this vile racist, voter suppressor is torture to me, @NAACP
why are you so opposed to protecting American's from an enemy that would chop our heads off or burn/drown us in a cage? Sick
but you voted to approve Pompeo, you hypocrite. Your words are worthless.
Trump. Cannot read. Too many big words and no pictures!
then why did you vote for Pompeo?
then why did you vote YES on Pompeo???? This makes no sense it's infuriating!
DO SOMETHING!
it worked to make Germans admit to false crimes in wwii, benefits you and your Jew's well.....
Whether it worked or did not work in the past is not relevant to the way a "civilized" [& cohesive- lol] US Society should act
how would you know? Did anyone ever torture you? Shut up!
then why did you vote yes for Pompeo? STAND UP FOR WHAT YOU BELIEVE IN—I vote my convictions and I wouldn't vote for you again
So why on Earth are you supporting nominees who could take us back to the use of torture? Stand up for us or step aside.
Yet you're going to vote yes for Sessions. Apparently you believe torture should be inflicted upon Americans.
America is above torture! Do not let happen!
THEN VOTE AGAINST SESSIONS.  WHOSE SIDE ARE YOU ON?  WE SERIOUSLY NEED TO CALL TO GET YOU TO #DOYOURJOB?  Seriously...
Then this makes your vote for Pompeo even more confusing. Torture's his style. #resist
Having difficulty getting through..hope many calls for NO on Sessions & DeVoss. Please!! Don't interstand Tillerson! Good luck
Yes, those being tortured will say ANYTHING to stop the pain. Gen. Mattis knows this, why doesn't @realDonaldTrump?
I was a fan & had faith in your sage words, but today you abandoned your constituency by voting yes on Pompeo. #TheResistance
why do you keep approving his psychotic cabinet positions then??
please, Senator, do what's right for the people who elected you. No - Sessions, No - DeVos. We see. We remember. We vote.
Jeff Sessions advocates for torture, vote no or be primaried.
Those who fail to acknowledge the history of torture are looking for an excuse to unleash their inner sadism.
don't vote for any more of Dear Leader's cabinet picks, please.
Waterboarding IS torture. Why did you vote to confirm a CIA head who is ok with torturing human beings?
are you joking? You just voted to confirm someone as head of the CIA who literally believes in torture. You are failing us!
your voicemail is hanging up.
then why did vote to confirm Pompeo? This vote is going to come back to you when CIA resumes torture. We won't forget ur vote.
I'm having a hard time getting through to u It's either busy or won't go to voicemail I like to urge u to vote no on Sessions
torture is a war crime. We count on the righteous to insure that we abide by the Geneva Convention
How could you think about voting for Sessions!!!  Aw, you didn't get enough calls?????  Duh!  Disappointment from another D!
Then why did you vote to confirm Pompeo?
You know what else doesn't work? You voting Yes on Trump nominees. If you don't #resist you will be voted out in 2018.
YOU voted 4 a #cia chief that SUPPORTS TORTURE! Shame on you! We are watching & will VOTE U OUT! #resist #indivisible
well if dems won't lead against trump then they will be left behind and replaced
What is your reasoning for confirming Pompeo? We would like some insight in to your reasoning.
Sen. Dianne Feinstein ,The U.S. Jurisprudence system,laws won't tolerate torture to our citizens or to others. Agreed
Why did you approve Pompeo? We are counting on you.
.@SenFeinstein less tweeting. more impeaching.
Torture doesn't work? How long would you last in the ayatollah's dungeons?

How can you say this and vote to approve Pompeo? Torture doesn't and won't work—why appoint a CIA director who supports it?
.@SenFeinstein why did you confirm Pompeo then
You voted for a torture advocate. You need to go.
And you endorsed Pompeo?
He thinks about the Spanish Inquisition, goes "all the witches confessed" then tells the public "it works, there are no more witches"
This from a spoiled rich kid turned CEO. Ever heard of Law of Armed Conflict? POS nobody. @realDonaldTrump #ImNoDraftDodger
so why confirm pompeo?
THEN WHY DID YOU VOTE FOR POMPEO.
Thank you
@IndivisibleSF Is there a time machine we dont know about because you helped confirm him yesterday.
First Uber sting in the US using 
FAKE REGISTRATION & INSURANCE 
took place in #UberedWisconsin.
http://ridesafemadison.net/uber-allows-driver-to-register-with-fake-insuranceregistration-documents-part-1/ …
Read some reports. 
Any thoughts on Uber and TNC companies lack of fingerprint background checks, insurance validation, and accountability?
Uber's insurance company payouts (USD) for damages WORLD WIDE for Uber wrecks in 2015.
http://www.jamesriverins.com/document.ashx?document=1006 …
Tell San Bernardino County to stop torturing me
will you oppose all of Trump's nominees? #ResistTrump #DemocraticWing
Comical considering you voted for Pompeo
Why did you vote yes on Pompeo? We need a real explanation.
why'd you vote Yes on Pompeo?
Your statement was boilerplate
Plz fight him with all you got! Keep us safe!
