Ah gee...that means we won't be able to pay for healthcare for illegal aliens after all. Guess you're afraid they won't vote for dems w/o it
FYI... illegals can't vote. Try again 
not legally but here in California they still do. And watch... the libs here will soon try to allow them to vote in state elections.
Stop. I'm liberal and that sounds absolutely ridiculous
BTW...does telling LEO not to arrest 12 and 13 year old hookers for solicitation sound ridiculous to you? Cause that is the rule here now.
That wld be sex trafficking.  a 12 year child shouldn't be thrown in jail and treated like a 25-30 y.o. who has sex for $. These r children
These are children who before were arrested for having sex for $. Social workers say this now takes away their ability to put the pimps away
This law actually protects them from being thrown into the system & allows them to get the help they need
But why can't your state pay for its own residents? Why should my state taxes pay for another state?#questiontime
California pays the most in federal taxes. Soooo... u think we should pay our own healthcare?? Then we should get federal subsidies 
Cali TAKES over $100 billion more than any other state-gives to illegals & keeps for themselves. Disgusting! #defundCalifornia
California is a donor state. Try again
#defundCalifornia #DACA #Calexit pay for your own problems
Defund us? Ha! That's hilarious. You're so silly
Why CA supported ACA, medicaid expansion should be state issue, the State that does not implement federal laws should not get fed funds
California pays the most in federal taxes. Please stop 
so what does that mean, we can use those funds for illegal aliens, fraud and medical for all ?  LA is where the most fraud occurs no daca
There is FAR MORE welfare fraud in red states than in CA. It's comical that ya'll like to blame us...the DONOR state for all your problems
the California LAO  is a donor state, but just barely. It receives $0.99 in federal expenditures per dollar of taxes paid
Yes before California crushes the rest of us !
California pays the most in federal taxes...  We are a donor state! You're welcome 
Quit funding and protecting NON citizens.  AKA illegals and maybe you'd have the money to support the Americans living in California!
How about if we keep our money in CA — stop sending it to smaller states. CA doesn’t need to stabilize their horrible fiscal budgets.
The smaller states have to subsidize California!  We want to keep our money!  Have you all fixed that Oroville dam yet?
exactly how are they subsidizing CA when we put more into the bank for others to take out?
Bullcrap!
Sorry, yelling doesn't make it not true:


CA should send $57 billion less to the federal govt. Match cuts to contribution. Don't bite the hand that feeds you.
Actually cali is bankrupting our country.cali is disgusting lazy cesspool of illegals & takers of all kinds. #defundCali laziest state in US
All YOU have to do is DEPORT 12 million criminal hispanic invaders, and that would FINALLY balance California's budget!
I say crush California and give it back to Mexico. We around the country are hating California more every dayYou spend out tax $ On illegals
CA pays more to the federal government than it receives in spending.
That's truly a lie they write off state and property taxes on their federal tax form. Like New Yorkers.  We don't
That has nothing to do with how much CA pays relative to what it receives from the Federal government. Google it if you're unsure
They don't get 38 billion back but when their in trouble who do they cry to Hollywood? Progressive but can't desalinate water for dry spell
Are you saying CA begs the federal government for water? Why did you call my original tweet a lie?
No I saidCalifornia wants to be first in improving ecology & think their first why can't they solve their shortage like ISREALIES and Saudis
Because it's not economic in California. The calculations are different in different regions based on electricity costs & water scarcity
It doesn't matter if it was actually a good bill all you democrates would find a way to make it sound like shot because you are not in power
You re trying to rob peter to pay for paul. illegals, people who r much above poverty line in CA get Medical free, burden on the state
Costs must b effectively cheap, while coverage is practical, allow alternative medicine and Homeopathic med. Check up evry 6 mos. Med1 srvce
All you dems do is obstructvwhen you don't get your way I hate you HATE!!!
Excellent! Quit funding criminaliens and there’s plenty of cash.
now your lying about this stop the lies the people know the http://truth.You  have lost more voters for the lies you have told
Agreed! You make me proud to be an American, so much respect for you and your career!
I thought California could afford to be it's own country?
Earthbto Senator the California Senate and Assembly WANTED to fund all CA healthcare. Surely they can meet their Medicaid obligations 
but @SenatorLankford you say the opposite. I think I'll believe @SenFeinstein instead of your @gop party over country
How bout we don’t send the federal govt billions of CA taxes to stabilize the country — Let’s see how they feel after that.
How to save money, stop covering illegals
Your state has crushed itself trying to take care of the illegals. Your own fault!!
Thats Good for CA, because CA is a "donor state", RIGHT SENATOR? What is the States' job, the state does have a job doesnt it?
That sounds like an admission...Are you suggesting that CA cant afford to care for it's citizens?????? Where did ALL the tax money GO??????
Fact check ..
http://www.heritage.org/immigration/report/the-fiscal-cost-unlawful-immigrants-and-amnesty-the-us-taxpayer …
Stop the madness of funding illegals
Maybe if you weren't a "sanctuary state" you'd not be financially crushed!
Yea!
Your plan Obamacare is failing miserably. Just saying. Keep plan no. Keep doctor no save $2500  why would we believe anything you say
It's like giving the federal government a raise.
#Fascism
#Genocide
#GreedyGraham #ComplicitCassidy
All Congresspeople show us your #TaxReturns and personal investment portfolios. #Abnormal
What stop the democrats from undoing everything Trump did as soon as the Republicans are thrown out of office.
California must split from the U.S.
California is a net contributor to fed budget. Feds making cuts that affect California is double robbery.
That's some pretty strong dogma there, DiFi
That's sad 4 president who has out golfed Obama one of many to follow
vote it in...
It's so punitive. The cruelty is crushing.
Ummm I believe it would make each state more financially responsible! If you're state wants to pay for illegals do it with state tax dollars
Den. Dianne thank you are our voice!!!
Yeah, crushing the state's budget is Jerry Brown's job.
Give senators the backing they need to stand up against
#GrahamCassidy:
All the more important that you stop the immigration and over regulation/taxation.
california is leaving the UNION.  who cares?
You know, in the case of CA, they can't even manage an economy that should be solvent, this is comical
Then California and other states come come up a model to fight healthcare cost . We can view different states models . Good idea!
About the time the States take responsibility than the Federal Government.... how did Obamacare turn out for us.... Dianne ???
God bless all those great Christians!
Which means states will not B able 2 help their sick needy & some persons will have 2 state shop for semi-adequate health care. Ppl die.
She's not fighting for you!! Minions stop listening to this crap! She promotes societies who are dependent on government line Germany!
Where do you live? You got the posh healthcare. Furthermore, your Obamacare was designed to bankrupt families. Sign it, read it later crap!
Won't crush the ones who are only providing for American citizens.
Say it with me @SenFeinstein, #NORepeal!!!
Find a way to tax your residents to pay for your illegals Healthcare benefits.

Baby killers
Call your senator at 202-225-3121 and leave a recorded message.
Illegals are a large share of your healthcare - Bill will send fed $ to states.  Illegals not qualified for free healthcare except emergency
Here's a thought...have people pay for their own healthcare...
you need to endorse the California Independence movement.
In your heart you know it is the right thing to do
Great.  Maybe California will fall into the ocean. Ahh!
Please write a Dem plan to fix ACA in the meantime! Even authors of Medicare4All say it won't pass. We need an alternate bill!
the key point here is that you dont support #singlepayer because of lobbyists.
Wow no health care for illegals.. CA should dip in thier sanitary State funds.. no pity for nasty CA
You don't know what will happen in 2027, so stop LYING
Taking from blue states shifting money to red states.humm coincidence? I think not.
Where is all of that funding going? Trump Towers? @realDonaldTrump #GrahamCassidyNO
Senator it is time for you to retire. California has chosen its bed. The rest of America doesn't care what happens when it sleeps in it.
California should separate from the union and go broke in 3 years. Clean your house before attempting to clean ours!
Your Democratic policies have put me in my family at risk. Devalued my property and have made me concerned for my Citizenship.
GOP party of guns bombs and death. What are we defending if no one is healtgy? Paying for a wall instead of health? Bad
G.reed
O.ver
P.eople
Aren't the same taxpayers paying either way? If the states can't afford it, neither can the federal government. Wise up.
States should be responsible for their own people. We need to shrink the Federal Govt. Too big and corrupt and u know it.

I don't see a bad thing. Lowering our debt seems like a good idea.
Their is a good idea.  CA would have more $ if they do away with Sanctuary cities there
& wondering, is this by the same research center that told us all how great Obamacare would be? Ya, trust THOSE numbers!!  
Why should American taxpayers be forced to pay the healthcare costs of the illegals working on your plantations?
Dems need to shut the Facsist @GOP DOWN. Creating laws that intentionally hurt people is unconstitutional! #noGrahamCassidy
OMG, you are so creative! Just stop! The governors met with the prez and they WANT more control of their funds. U know that, so stop lying!!
If you and your elite Hollywooders cant  or dont want to actually manage funds for your state, thats ur problem.
Heres the key point Dianne: Clean up the corruption in your state & learn to manage. You have more multi millionaires/billionaires in Cal
Maybe if we didn't provide healthcare to illegal aliens the cost would be lower??  But no, they now come first.  Thanks Diane
Let’s not send our hard earn tax dollars to help stabilize smaller states. See how they feel after that.
Tht is laughable&absurd since Ur own state trashedNWOCommieFabian idea2hve single-payerHC4Ur state&FINALLYgave it upBC CAcan't afford it!
Especially when the state is one of the most socially & fiscally irresponsible - California. Keep behaving like you're autonomous - IDIOTS.
Typical sociopath everybody's out to get them California is financially irresponsible and has been for many years
Dear America this is no time to be gullible Rep party wants Healthcare to fail an want our governors to be there crash dummies Ugly Truth!!!
That is good. Maybe then people will care. It is too easy to ignore when it is done by a distant Fed gov.
Crushing people that don't pay into the system. Again, old people should know when they are too old to effectively hold office.
The rest of America has no wish to subsidize California's insane wastefulness.
Curious isn't it, Calif wants to run like it is its own country as sanctuary state, but don't even think of taking away its federal welfare!
This is what government by vendetta looks like.  Yet another @SenateGOP dream come true--punish the liberals.
Earth to Sen Feinstein: If the states can't afford healthcare, then neither can the Fed gov't.  Obamacare was a financial sham.
S A N C T U A R Y
I hope they crush California like a bug.
Thank you for fighting to take money away from struggling working people to give to grifters.
Maybe it wouldn't be so crushing if you didn't have an open border with Mexico. No common sense Di.
without these federal funds, I guess Calif will have no choice but to hold back as a donor state to support the red states.
If voters disagree with you giving 700 billion dollars for another war they should vote for the person running against you in the primary
How about speaking up about our lunatic President threatening nuclear war? Congress needs to impeach this madman. Humanity is at risk.
Only the sanctuary states. Quit paying for illegals.Did you ever verify that Hollywood scumbags pay their far share of taxes or offshore?
IDIOTS!!
Yeah , wonderful people in Washington
Well tax dollars wont be cut because that money will remain in the states.
You guys on the left coast have done a great job at that already. Can you tweet something good or even funny or interesting???
Oh you read bills. Or do yours tell your staffers tell you what's in them. It's better a state burden than a federal burden.
Elections have consequences! This party needs to find a way to get voters out, so we don't have these issues! GOPiers are heartless
Mam, Are you saying that Californians can't pull their own weight and must have government handouts? Are you looking to buy votes mam?
Nope. Red States get the handouts.
Grants? Handouts?
 Snowflakes dont know the difference
If you & your leftist cronies stopped overspending on everything in our state, there wouldn't be a problem. YOU & all progs are the problem.
Not all of them..but most resent sending our money to CA.
Let's move on single payer for California, let GOP ruin their own States.
Go right ahead...that woukd reduce all our premiums.  Probable is your constituents would pay huge!
Well guess the red states now who r the biggest recipients of government assistance voted against themselves stick to the oxy 
You just voted for a 700 billion dollar defense budget. Stop acting like u care about the middle class because YOU DON'T.
You said we couldn't have Medicare for all "because of the costs" but u found 700 billion to go to war! Pathetic.
You must not live in a state like AZ where we are forced to pay for insurance, but can't afford to pay deductibles. We are NOT insured../1
Good lord! how can they believe this is good for anyone?
Chuck Schumer said that there is no CBO score and has no knowledge of it's impact. Where did you get your info from?
You might not have a massive state debt if you would stop giving money away to support your ILLEGAL ALIEN addiction #NoSocialistHealthCare
Just secede already.
Where it belongs!!
Feds have no business in healthcare as buffoons like you create disasters like BOcare. @POTUS @VP @RepBonnie @CoryBooker @seanhannity
Deedee, it lets states decide what works for them? Either federal or state taxpayers are gonna pay one way or the other. Wake up!
Thank you for fighting for us all
Next thing you will see is states locking their borders to poor people.
This is financial gerrymandering. Take from the blue, give to the red.  #ACASavesLives #ACA #SaveACA
ACA was illegal and unconstitutional same as DACA so sit down and shut the fuck up
Stop with your fear mongering. The states know where/what their needs are. Get the Federal Government out of the insurance business.
Could not agree more!!!
DFs freaking the out that Cali funds will actually have to be managed for the people instead of their political favors. Its called a budget!
Indeed, we can't allow her and the other corrupt politicians to continue with their fear mongering. States know what their citizens need.
Sad isnt it. Thats all they know how to do, lie & fear monger. Calif is in for a major reality check. TheDon is is shaking things up 
That's California's own damn fault. Deport illegals, problem solved
Deport racist, problem solved. Keep our tax money in California, problem solved. California is the 6th largest economy in the World.
NO FEDERAL $ TO Sanctuary cities
There's a good reason for that Diane it's so the American people that are paying for this Health Care have more localized control
@JerryBrownGov says he's fine with California ignoring federal immigration laws. CA politicians seem to only like fed law they agree with.
Apparently California doesn't need federal dollars, they have illegal immigrants that are going to take care of California
In case u didn't know!
California politicians wants their own health care plan without the Fed
Immigration without the Fed
Attn @GOPLeader
Stop #trumpcare3.0
oh, we're well aware the GOP plan makes absolutely no sense #NoRepeal
Please protect the ACA
Then simply #repealobamacare and save the American People almost 2 TRILLION dollars per the CBO?
So, the rest of the country has to subsidize CA, because you don't know how to keep a budget and make good decisions. That's it, actually!!
They don't care about people or facts they just want to pass something.
