@FroodyWisco And must apply the law equally to everyone including the president. Nobody is above the law.
True. But the neo oligarchy seem to have their own "country" and "laws".
They are exceeding the limits of existing law. Our justice system is stopping some excesses for now...
Really? I don't believe you said much when Bill Clinton met with AG Loretta Lynch. You wonder why Dems lost the election.
Please vote againstJeff Sessions for Attorney General. Thank you!
@KatrinaNation hahaha!  Eric Holder truly served as counselor for America?  That's priceless.
That's my Senator. Independence. Thank you.
U Neanderthal, @SenatorSessions is GREAT, Ur voting is Y Ur party lost, Ur constituents want U 2 SUPPORT @POTUS
You were as terrific a mayor as you are a failure as a senator
absolutely like holder and loretta...even i cant type that with out lol
Where were you when we had Holder? You said nothing.
Please keep fighting to block Sessions confirmation. He's not part of the mainstream of America, he's a racist & loves KKK
Senator Feinstein must stay on-board especially now with her words of integrity, wisdom & guidance. An anchor of democracy.
Poser.  You voted "yes" on FIVE of this monster's nominees.  Have U forgotten U are from SF? Will ask U at next community meet
@CloudContact If only incompetent POTUS had listened to Sally Yates instead of firing her.
Thank you. Glad to know that you're responsive to your constituents.
You have been voting for tRump's picks ... I'm sorry I voted for you.
Republicant's dont want even handed anything- they want slanted their way.And U voted for some of them!
why didnt you tell Lynch that when she boarded Clintons plane on the tarmac, hypocrite???
you mean un-lie the past two racist POSTED put in place by O so damn glad he is gone bama?
@KatrinaNation Too late
: is that so, Dianne? Then how did RFK become AG under his brother JFK. Oh how they 'forget' what they want to ignore
someone may have to explain this to Trump, but use very small words so he understands.
Look no further than the disaster of your own AG Lynch, a disaster.
So are you voting for his SCOTUS nominee??NO reason for you to go along with ANYTHING this President suggests.
My Senator Feinstein.  Vote no on everything and everyone.  Remember Nancy Reagan... #JustSayNO
Thank you. Please keep your foot on the gas here.
Please do not support Gorsuch for the Supreme Court.
@KatrinaNation ... and how about your indepedence from Bush's torture program? You knew about it and did nothing.
please vote NO on Sessions
will this appointee prosecute bank and wall st executives that break the law with potential jail sentences?
YES!!  what are the consequences if he only caters to Trump's agenda and doesn't defend the law? Can the Senate take action?
we need the Dems to step up and stop some of these cabinet appointments #KeepFighting #letlizspeak #actionnow
tell that to Obama. Worked well for him. You were ok with it. Now your not. Weird!
- Thank you, Senator. You stand for Californians and for all of America.
@SenWarren Both @SenatorTimScott and @CondoleezzaRice have given @jeffsessions great reviews.  Do their opinions not count?
Senator Sessions will bring the rule of law back to the AG's office.  It's been missing for eight years. Vote yes!
why didn't you hold the last twomAG's to the same standard? Secret meeting with a former President and Holder was rubber stamp
AGREED!  We are trusting you to vote NO on his confirmation!
won't matter he will be confirmed.
We expect a "No" on Sessions and a "No" on Gorsuch. That seat was taken by Guerilla tactics. GOP won't play fair on next seat.
You visited my L.A. middle school around 92'...you walked the halls refusing to reply to all us kids greeting you...you hack!
BLOCK SESSIONS - what a horrible slap to Black America when so many eligible candidates exist. Bannon?
Eric Holder  
Loretta Lynch
The last few AGs certainly had an agenda and a political view that didn't care about the entire country.
You have been a big disappointment. Don't just say the words ... Act!
#ImpeachTrump
not a chance. Sessions will be puppet just as Price
Stop holding up the vote!
Afraid he'll prosecute you?
tell that to Loretta Lynch!
Don't just talk! Start showing your stand by voting against the ass kisser man! He will not serve the people, only man.us
if meant to be truly independent, he would not be selected by the President.  Like Loretta meeting with Bill on the tarmac
really???Lynch & Holder did whatever Obama said!
Thank you! #Standup
Oh, you mean like Eric Holder? What a hypocrit!!!
exactly like Holder. What's your problem with him?

hypocrite*
I don't believe it either, what I worry about is how 
enforcement will react to his orders
prez.The thinks he is his employee and Jeff sessions thinks that too because he is in the executive branch.
keep fighting for the rights of all Americans.  I'm a non-partisan centrist who admires your principles.  Never give in!
Thank you for your opposition to Sessions Senator Feinstein! Please continue! #Indivisible
I will support @justicedems so by FELICIA. #JUSTUS
Thanks!  I so agree! just say NO to Senator Sessions for Attorney General!
#OhWaitIChangedMyMind Again. #GetToWork
You are exactly right!
Is true
why did you vote yes for 5 trump picks?
you just assume this even though he told U he will follow the law but I guess since U lie so much it's hard to believe anyone
the country voted for it so live with it!
Good job. Nice to hear from you again.
behind you 100%
did you just wake from an 8 year coma?

because i didnt hear a peep from you
regarding the CORRUPT Obama Admin AG's
hypocrite
just saying something is corrupt does not make it so outside of your gullibility news bubble, snowflakte
the Sen. needs to stop this appointment! DeVos has something on the Pres. to get hers. So, this needs to be STOPPED!
holder and lynch were lawless sock puppets.
We in Cali oppose Sessions as AG. #stopsessions
hmmm didn't seem to bother you the last 8 years!
decisions are supposed to be according to law not partisanship. Let's see what happens
that's great! but also #NoGorsuch, please.
ask @SenatorSessions if he will stand up to #POTUS like Sally Yates did, and like he asked her two years ago.
thank u Sen Feinstein for #holdthefloor - a constituent
just like Holder was?
