War crimes, even. I'm not an international law or Geneva Conventions expert, but I'm pretty sure we can't "totally destroy" another country.
When the other country makes a mockery of non proliferation treaties and has on numerous occassions attacked and killed foreign soldiers yes
No one wants a Nuclear exchange but the Kim regime cannot be allowed to continue unimpeded. It breaks countless international laws
Not sure what int'l law NK is breaking, but I'm 4 ending nuke prog. Just don't agree that threatening annihilation is the right thing to do.
The development of long range ballistic missiles directly in contrast to U.N resolutions and the suppression of human rights within NK
UN resolutions not int'l law. Don't see any cmts on rights abuses. NK wants bomb cuz they fear invasion-threatening to destroy doesn't help.
I want to stress that I am not pro war but sanctions haven't worked. Isolation hasn't worked. Bribery hasn't worked. There realy is only war
Or we could accept that we delayed it as long as poss. So they have nukes? Lots of countries do. Need to deal w/it or sacrifice millions.
He  on America every day
You've been brainwashed Penelope! Obama & Killary on America on a daily basis!
soon Killary & her partners in crime will be wearing orange jumpsuits!

Finally a President with balls!
And absolutely no brains or empathy! You're a bot, right?
Another misogynistic pussy-grabber heard from...
Pricci lowest form of a human scum! People know who you are!
Prefer liberal name calling human scum to your brand of ignorance and hate--you and the Drumpf you rode in on! Mr Mueller, please hurry!
Pricci =  you know the truth ! Keep drinking the kool aid!
Jesus that phony baloney DR again? Must be Morning in Russia
For a woman who represents a bankrupt state who allows illegals to overrun the state and killings of innocent ppl try fixing ur state 1st
Bankruptcy because of "Free" stuff, don't they get it? @SenFeinstein @pollardc1
Time to nuke NK
@POTUS negotiated the strongest NOKO resolution; @POTUS44 sent cash 2 a terrorist state & ensured Iran will be nuclear in less than 10 yrs.!
Thank you for saying what the whole world is now saying apart from the minority here at home.  He has zero respect internationally.
People offended by Trump's UN Speech: Iran, North Korea, Venezuela, Dianne Feinstein #Teammates
This career politician is 84 years old. I don't care what political party she's in, she needs to retire. We need term limits.
Cool. Amy. Your term is up. Let the smart people handle the problems.
Why? Why is this big dummy still in office #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW #Resistance #JustDoIt
 Impeach from what?!?! 

 Best President ever!

Do you realize that some countries do NOT want peace, no matter what?! Of course @POTUS wants peace but not at the expense of our safety!
How does one preach war but want peace? Was it peaceful for him to call someone Rocket man or threaten them. That isn't peace.
And tell everyone how great he is what a disgusting display of immaturity and egotistical words like he has the experience to preach to UN

What did you think of President Trump's #UNGA speech?
STOP HIM PLEASE!!!
He is a loose cannon and must be impeached, as should his entire tainted regime 
I believe you are absolutely wrong... instead he created a centre of unity and peace at the UN which is what it should be!!!
Senator Feinstein's response reads like a script for Tokyo Rose, or Baghdad Bob.   Disgusting back-stabbing from the peanut gallery.
As for the UN promoting peace, tell that to Libya, Serbia, Yugoslavia, and all the other places UN troops have bombed and destroyed.
The UN is ALWAYS NOTIFIED BEFORE WAR!
Really? @SenFeinstein
Btw, Iran never negotiated with the U.S. It Negotiated with Obama. If they had negotiated with the U.S, there would have been a treaty.
Usually you R a pretty smart woman. Not today.  You have been in office way 2 long. YOU should be saying what President Trump just did #UNGA
Peace was the ideal, but it has never realized the ideal.What would you like to do about NK? Status Quo? Look how well that has worked out.
What do you want to do-go to nuclear war w/ NK? You guys do understand there are no winners in a nuclear war, right?
Should we talk more? Coddle NK? What is your solution? Should we wait for Kim to nuke an American city? DJT doesn't want war. He wants peace
Wow you really are a delusional. You think insulting a crazy dictator by calling him childish names is going to bring us peace?
No, like you, I think cowering in a corner and crossing my fingers will lead to peace. #deluded
Are u really that stupid FEINSTEIN?
No the majority of American Citizens & World Did Not like his speech or dangerous rhetoric! #shameonyou #fake
apparently you did not watch the whole speech.
Only hears what she wants to hear!! Bunch of disgraceful DEMS!! Liars, steals our tax$ gives it away to ungrateful ppl!!
I'll believe that when I see it!!! All I've heard him say is the middle class!! I don't get my info from the lying democrats.
In your opinion,  and u know what they say about opinions Right?
Stood up for America something you Democrats would know nothing about!
@SenFeinstein The U.N. reports that Israel is the greatest human rights violator on the planet and you claim they support peace!
A UN venue, that has no interest in the sovereignty of the United States. Sorry Senator, it's time America stops cowering .
threatening war is a way promote peace
BS
thoughtful
Of course the left hates strong leadership and honesty. So proud of my president ..no more apologies America first
if Trump disagrees with your agenda, he must be doing something right.
Who doesn't DT disagree with? He is soooo.....ODD.
Please impeach trump now. He's going to further destroy this country and the world.

What did you think of President Trump's #UNGA speech?
Horrifying. Embarrassing. Dangerous.
Safety through strength!
The U.N. has been involved in a number of wars, or didn't your Marxist Professors inform you of that?
@realDonaldTrump reminded me of Arafat and Gaddaf, both dictators, on the same podium.
Not True! Stop inciting for your own self!
he's the only one with so little sense/balls to speak up and honestly without worry about being "politically correct" and #FAKE like YOU!
Are we really that surprised?
So sad
Disgusting behavior.
The UN is a do nothing organization how's Syria? Seriously another psycho left to run amuck ruining his country The UN? United doNothings
“We could obviously destroy North Korea” said Barack Obama, in his usual pedantic, theatrical way.
Nah
POTUS simply told the honest truth for once. Sometimes the truth is hard to hear when for years one has been bottle-fed lies
The UN threatens war all the time. The Korean War was started by the UN and never finished! You old dolt!
Diane - UN stands for UseLess Nations. They are as hypocritical as you. Your against 2nd Amendment but your licensed to carry. HYPOCRITE
not true have you tried talking to the dictator in North Korea.We are not giving him billions like Obama and Clinton did
Stop it Diane Feinstein you know better than that between the Democrats and Obama you guys of screwed up everything
Give this man a chance to drain the swamp of Republicans and Democrats like you the establishment
The UN is to be a place of support for our fellows. That demands we tell them the truth. Sen. Feinstein. If u can't take it, time to quit!
President Trump put the UN on notice. 
Guess you missed the "if" President Trump used.
If the UN is a venue to promote peace, they're doing a shitty job and based on performance, should be re-organized or disbanded.
Ooops...guess you forgot about this one.
Several leaders at the UN said they respect Trump's stern language to North Korea.  It sure beats the hell out Obama's apology tour.



Frightening!
Which I believe is a war crime or at the very least can be construed as an act of war... Why has the orange shitgibbon not been impeached?!
It's only going to get worse @SenFeinstein.
Reprobate dinosaur. Look what you've done to Calif. Retire or resign.
Enough. This baby man needs to go!
It's time we put the the building that houses the UN to good use, a homeless shelter for New York's needy. Send current inhabitants HOME!!!!
Our President did what Obummer should have done instead of having lavish parties with the enemy.
Violence never solves a problem -- only brings more violence & chaos.  We must ALL join hands & not exclude anyone.
The President said what had to be said you Democratic are living in a  dream land it's time for the U.S. to let NOKO  we are serious
Oh yes, because decades of appeasement, supported by you Senator, has emboldened them #weakness
As Fmr Albright stated this a.m. Trump just made diplomacy, talking that much more difficult. 
Trump chose Miller speech of sovereignty
"Illegitimate President."
U voted for the defense budget increase...hypocrite!
Please do everything in your power to rid the US of this crazy man. The American people are embarrassed and very scared of this pres.
I agree Sen Feinstein. The UN is no place to promote war.
Barack Obama said the same thing in 2013, why did you not say the same thing then?
Please share your peace plan for North Korea with all of us. Can't wait.
Precisely ! He clearly fails to grasp the 'United' concept behind the whole thing 
Why don't you retire from the Senate and get a job on late night TV.
Talk to Obama, Presidet Clinton and Miss Rodham about their part in aiding and abetting the enemy.  N.Korea, Iran, Islamic terrorists.
Yep, old lady!
What a stupid thing to say. It is not about peace!?! It is about improving the world...sometimes good, sometimes not.
@POTUS nailed it. If you think we're going to have tea and crumpets with the fat Korean kid you're clueless
He is a frikken idiot and needs to be sentenced to life in prison along with Pence, Ryan, McConnell and a few more!
Any you're in the same camp as Venezuela and Iran. Vote out Sen Feinstein
And to threaten the annihilation of million of civilians. Isn't that close to being a war crime?
Your Bumbling, Clueless, Inept Democrat Party brought us to where we are w/NoKo! You probably need 2 just BE QUITE NOW! #Trump2020 @POTUS
It was one of his best speeches to date. No more politics just plain truth.  No threats just straight talk rogue regimes understand
The Presidency is a venue for a malignant narcissist #WhiteSupremacist lunatic with only one agenda:  and himself. #TrumpCrimeFamily
Why/how to get him declared unfit? Isn't his threatening to start nuclear war a threat to our national security? Just seems-so much--
So disgusted by him. Heaven help the human race
funny how few MSM shots of Colin Powell lying his ass off ... associated with Trump ...?
He's an idiot and is making it his mission to take our country to war. God help us all
President Trump is a leader.
It's called leadership, something Obama doesn't have. He can take his 1 world gov't & Critical Race Theory & shove it
The UN has never been able to promote peace. The president made clear it will protect it citizens and allies. NC leader issue not trump.
Maybe you can just go to NK and fix all of our problems:)
what is wrong with you? NK can say they plan on blowing up USA & that's ok? #POTUS protecting even you and putting NK on notice marshmellow
So totally agree. Shameful.
I guess you prefer the Obammy shuffle? Or perhaps Trump could wait until NoKo nukes CA first. As dems run their mouths enemies build nukes!
i am so happy for him,great job......
Yet you, a supposed democrat, vote for the war budget. #hipocrite
Normally, I don't watch Trump speak. Today I did and had to turn off the t.v. Disappointed and embarrassed.
Negatory there lil missy. Trump layed down the rules. I mean doesn't the USA give the UN about load of money. That $$ should buy us access.
So let's just keep our mouth shut keep giving them money and wait for them to blow us up.
Today the POTUS secured his position as the most embarrassing President I have ever seen in my lifetime. He is a national disgrace!
can you even smell your own bullshit anymore Dianne?
Spare me.
Talking points, or truly from your heart? Follow failed style and empty weak words won nothing. Change.
Dangerous for the country and now the world. Unfit to serve. What's the remedy and when?
#TrumoRussia enjoys being an anti-Christ.  Question is will our country survive him.
This sick, ignorant man wants to be responsible for the deaths of millions?? He MUST be stopped! Please hurry Mr Mueller. The world needs it
Peace through strength, Dianne. Not peace through bowing and blaming ourselves and our allies....
Wrong!  B Clinton paved the way for NK to have nukes just like BO paved the way for Iran to eventually have nukes.  So who is promoting war?
You have milked the public cash cow for far too long. Out you go
Diane the UN is a joke kinda like ur tweets LOL 
Sorry - did you mean:  "Putin's President" ??

that's a lie from the pit of hell! You as Obama started the war long before Trump came to be President. Clean up your own dirty state.
Seriously? The UN is an obsolete broken word fest that has achieved nothing - NOTHING - in sorting out world issues. It postulates grandly.
You have only weakened our country. You are out of touch. Only God can save you.
Boo Hiss!
Traitor.

Your Thinking is screwed up.
He doesn't have the temperament to be president.
As HE SHOULD HAVE. We have been buckling and caving to this bully for FAR TOO LONG. It has to stop.
You're not very bright.
Senator please help to replace this president asap
Yes, that's what I felt when I heard it. Very disturbing.
The leader you followed blindly, @BarackObama, didn't have the spine to deliver the speech that @potus delivered today to the United Nations
Thank God you are not our president!!!!
Do you always talk out of your ass?
REALLY? Iran and N.Korea are literally sponsoring terror and threatening our nation and our allies and we are supposed to be nice? #FAIL
The UN is s bunch of do nothing blowholes just like you and the rest of Congress. God bless @realDonaldTrump for his straight talk!
Californians really are dullards...
Cause he's the Republican Clown
Really now? Comprised of a lot of 3rd world thuggery who point at USA & Israel, & whose peace forces inflict pain & suffering? Really?
It is about time that our @potus has gotten off of his knees actually taken a stand. Years of weak policy is going to cost many lives soon.
What a total crock of political bullshit. Time to seek out an aged care facility.
Really Sen.Feinstein!  Have you forgotten when Obama told North Korea,"We could destroy you."
Thank you
Stick your head back into the sand Senator!
and nobody checked him, nobody
Why do you say this when you know you agree with POTUS 100%?
He is a sick man and the more time that he is in power the worst it is going to get. Impeach
Yeah he did. Best speech ever! Looking the other was and rewarding hasn't worked.  Real leadership. Great President. #MAGA
The UN does not serve USA - it was a good wake up call, the rouge countries r killing their own, your position is so predictable again
the stein in your name stands for Bride of Frankenstein? TRAITOR.  We LOVE and SUPPORT President Trump he is our only hope!
The UN has failed miserably- promoting peace and DELIVERING peace are vastly different. Ask Feinstein to show where dialogue w NOKO worked
Talks about peace but votes for massive increase in military spending.
He's supposed to defend this country. So are you so shut up and do your job. N Korea should be threatened. They threatened us enough.
You do your constituents and the American people a disservice by cherry-picking President Trump's speech.  Very disappointed in you. #MAGA
Senator Feinstein GET HIM OUT OF OUR WHITE HOUSE NOW!!!!! #IndictTrump #ImpeachTrumpPence
Would you libs stop being a bunch of wusses and recognize a strong message when you hear it? ICYMI....the world was impressed.
I'm still wondering why anyone voted for you.
Please note that your views do not represent me and millions of others in California. Obama's policies resulted in North Korea's nukes.
Obviously, you did not comprehend President Trumps speech. STOP making false statements. PLEASE RETIRE ASAP!
You are WRONG! Why was nothing done in all these YEARS to STOP this BEHAVIOR? President Trump is OUR ANSWER LIKE IT OR NOT HE is in CONTROL!
The UN is a venue that uses the USA as an ATM! As usual, ur woefully out of touch. Time 4 U to retire! #FINE2GO
You are a threat to National Security...
So your feelings got hurt/we hurt a brutal dictator's feelings?!  Puhleeze. POTUS told the #Truth
POTUS said what needed to be said don't spin a mediocrity opinion  & get off the anti-Trump train & get to work this will backfire on you!
Trumps speech was extraordinary if you can't handle America First maybe it's time for you to retire Dianne.
Trump's brutal  blunt  honest assessment of the world's problems&UN's disfunction was a breath of fresh air. The world needs to fix the mess
Against countries that are already threatening war against us. #POTUS wants peaceful resolution, but wants #UNGA aware war is not off table.
better for us to threaten North Korea than be attacked by North Korea.
If you want to play Jesus with USA, let's all prepare to be crucified. @POTUS just warned he will not turn other cheek...
I don't understand . I'm watching MSNBC . I hear news casters complimenting Trumps speech tday . Saying that he showed  strength .
@POTUS simply warned #RocketMan not to poke the bear. USA will defend itself & allies. Trump not playing Jesus, not turning other cheek!
.The world we live in today & then add damage Obama did to our foreign policy so what @POTUS sd at UN today was TRUTH & very much needed!
Nope, Senator, it is Kim who is out of bounds here.
You really need to listen to President Trump speech because he covered all bases and it was the best speech ever. #AmericaFirst
@POTUS just stating the cold hard facts that leftist PC kooks like you like to pretend aren't there. His candor is long overdue.
it is better to be straight forward than to be political and wait for NK to do whatever they want
No,he didn't.He spoke of peace through Am.strength which is critical for national sovereignty&the moral LDR of FREE WRLD!
Your statements about trump are ridiculous we've been following your method for 20 years what has it got us.
Big fat zero!!!!
What you liberals don't get is the NK doesn't care about peace he just wants to keep pushing and threatening us and our allies! Wake up!!
You liberals make me laugh you would rather call up North Korea and Iran and give them money or whatever they want and sing kumbi ya!
It was truly chilling to hear Trump threaten to destroy a country in front of the whole world. Please get him out of the WH!
Oh please yes it is a place to spread peace but when we have NK threatening us & our allies it's time to let them know it won't be tolerated
Well Truman did it  , or did you forget?
You are a menopausal has been hiding while you enrage paid violent protesters hurting police. No guts like our POTUS
He's unfit for the presidency
Go to bed..you are old news..where were you when we were being sold down the river to #NorthKorea #Iran #Trump #MAGA
Not only are you a Catholic hater, you are a weak snowflake. After 8 years of a pajama boy POTUS we finally have a strong leader loving USA
I guess you think Obama's strategic patience is better. Thanks to Obama the worlds on fire.
WJC, GHWB, GHB and Dumbo all tried the hugging diplomacy all with your unfettered support. Where are we now? Not enough hugging going on?
I love it ! 
My President is the best !!
Calling people names ! He speak for the people.
@realDonaldTrump THANK YOU
Most Americans love to win; you and your type love to lose
Maybe 1st time I agree w/DF: "What nation would negotiate with the United States when the agreements we reach .. are so easily undermined?"
#dumbbitch
