Unforgiveable!
That's what they want.
Obamacare ended Medicaid as Limited government outlined by THE CONSTITUTION.   

Do you support The Constitution?
Pres. supposed to protect public from enemies both foreign & domestic; 'kinda failing everywhere w/GOP males in Sen. terrorizing ppl abt HC.
The Republicans are a merry bunch of executioners of healthcare.They work stealthily into the night exchanging words 4public$2redistribute.
My son was forced to sign up for Medicaid to avoid the Penalty & He can't get more hours at Home Depot b/c Obamacare
Emailing my Representative, Sen. Diane Feinstein @SenFeinstein on Violence, Resistance, Healthcare, Tax Reform, & My Vote in 2018. 
Thank god.. I can almost hear my tax bill shrinking.
Great, get rid of another welfare program.
Keep up the great work, Senator..Our lives literally depend on it.
If more than 1/3 of CA population is on Medicaid,  the problem is not health care. Medicaid is meant to be a safety net, not a foundation
Why doesn't Cal secede from the Union
Maybe Chuckie Cheese Grassley will help you with this. He didn't like the death panels in the ACA but that's so 2009
"Before the ACA, many patients had to ration insulin & spend time in ER." Diabetes is cruel disease. Toes amputated, eyesight lost & death.
Sis has MS. Niece's husband got cancer at 25, niece broke pelvis while pregnant in accident, other niece has fibro, sleep disorders.
I wouldn't be able to afford my meds under this bill. I will get sick.
I'm on Medicaid. Because I had insurance again, I discovered I was pre-diabetic. I reversed it. I had 2 necessary surgeries. I'm on 6 meds.
Please get 4 or more Repub senators to agree and vote no
That's good Dianne. Talk to your governor and repeal the latest boondoggle in CA.
Imagine Californians in nursing homes. No Medicaid thanks to this GOP.
ACA is Govt taking money outta one workers pocket & giving to a non worker. Taxing in ACA is strictly redistributitive & zero abt HEALTHCARE
Unbelievable!
this is scary
@BradwellJames TAX US UNFAIRLY UNCESSARILY STEALING OUR  $$$ STOP ALL. IMPEACH  PRISON FOR ALL. IMPROVE BENEFITS IMMEDIATELY
California has the biggest Medicaid fraud... why don't you try and fix that Dianne ? May lose some votes ???
Thanks for the good fight Senator Feinstein  Have a  Happy Birthday 
we must stop this greedy republican rich care, Americans will be dying on the streets. most republicans do care about Americans
we must stop this, hey HAPPY BIRTHDAY DIANNE, KEEP THE FAITH
Medicaid as it is now In Indiana and Caiifornia sucks

Senate GOP bill contains $50 billion to stabilize ObamaCare markets http://hill.cm/HkESw0R  
No it doesn't. Gives the money to states to run. TS if California can't manage its finances and encourages illegal immigrant welfare.
Wonder how everyone will feel after patients in nursing homes who are funded by Medicaid/Medical are "dumped" on Skid Row.
#StopTrumpcare
Tragic
Read section 802 Pg. 122 A & G(2) Small business fees and penaltys
How many of those Californians are here illegally? Plenty of savings there.
Thanks to CA Medicaid program, my mom was able to live last 3 yrs of her life in a wonderful memory care skilled nursing facility. Grateful.
My Nana turns 96 Monday. This will end her nursing home coverage. Is the GOP going to feed & change her? Miraculously make her walk again?
Ouch that is just wrong!
Question SenFeinstein do you participate in the ACA for your insurance needs?
Let states pay for their own Medicaid
thats for all those illiales,you know the ones that arnt to be here,the ones i dont want to pay for!!!!!!!!!!!!
This country will need it more than ever. Seniors, disabled, working poor, working class.  Makes zero sense.  It's cruel and unnecessary.
1,685,493 Arizonians were covered by Medicaid as of June 2016 | 483,723 due to expansion | @JeffFlake
Exactly! Obamacare by 14 MILLION + and created a unsustainable government program outside limited gov. designed by THE CONSTITUTION
How any GOP senator from a state that expanded Medicaid could support this garbage is beyond me. Medicaid saves lives.
I've read reports that you are still moving ahead with Senate business.  Why?
when is Medicaid projected to run out of funding Senator ???
She'd just tack it on to the deficit she supported doubling under Obama. What's another 10 trillion or so
Remove McConnell and get a new R leader who is actually opposed to the bill

