Senator, so you were against a pardon for an 85 year old law enforcement officer but want to give a blanket pardon to illegals?
Pardoning Arpio was an attack on our entire judicial system.
And pardoning how many millions of illegal aliens isn't?  Arpaio was convicted of a misdemeanor contempt of court charge. They are felons.
Children cannot commit crimes. They are American Citizens by default. Squared Rights. Stop crying racist snowflake, we let them in like you.
They're not citizens under Obama's executive order. Educate yourself on DACA. It just protects from deportation not path to citizenship
We as a country need to fix and create the path to citizenship. They are #Americas future. Feel free to leave #America yourself.
No thank you, they can apply for residency and citizenship like every other person. Nobody is above the law.
They already did apply and we let them in. You can leave America, go back to your racist hovel wince you came.
How about Congress passes a bill to deport Trump to Russia? His values don't represent our America. His values represent Putin's Russia.
His values obviously represented enough of the electorate to get elected. You can all go to the polls in 2020 to vote again.
Senator, please do all you can to restore American civility by not punishing the children brought here by illegal immigrants. Reform system!
A target for north Korea by sharing all the knowledge and technology to those who may have bad intentions.
I'm with you all the way, Lady Feinstein. #LoserTrump has betrayed us all again and proved he's totally unfit to be POTUS. #ResistTrump
Trump is willing to backstab many immigrants who know the US as their only home when they were kids for what he wants. Shameful.
Quit trying to get more from the USA that has given you more than what we have.
You and your Asian friends just take the technology and use it against the USA citizens.
How much are you getting from China to do what you are doing?  It needs to be asked at this point.
And how much are US citizens paying you?
#DACA Recipients R  20 - 36 Yrs Old. The Skills that They Learned Can Be Use to Help and Benefit their Homeland!
That's what trump is telling you - do YOUR job
Yes!  No need to fix it, just pass it.  If it's not broke, don't fix it.
Do you still think 45 will come around some day and act presidential if we're just patient? Was this your red line?
He did act Presidential, he reversed an illegal Presidential Order granting status to illegals, Congress has sole authority on immigration
Trump is now giving Congress a chance to enact the Dream Act the right way, not via an unconstitutional executive order.
Please point to a court ruling that found the dream act or Daca to be illegal (that didn't lose on appeal).

It was a lower court decision out of Texas.
It wasn't a Supreme Court decision. The administration wanted a ruling from The Supreme Court.
And by the way SCOTUS affirmed the decision 4-4 in US v Texas.  Had Scalia not died would have been 5-4. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_v._Texas …
Or it would have been 5-4 lol
I keep reading and hearing how and what #Congress needs to do! Nothing should come as a suprise as to what T is planning! STEP UP& STOP HIM!
All #latinos together must march on #D.C. Tomorrow! #latinos4trump shame on your soul
Thank you. I wish you were ready to vote yes on impeachment
Rally your colleagues. Many GOP agree with you. Get this done quickly so these young people can stop being scared and go on w/ their lives.
They are illegals, follow the law and come back.
Through no fault of their own. They have clean records and contribute greatly to our economy. They have no place to return. US is only home
Then apply to be legal....
And please get Bob Mueller to hurry!
You're not listening to the American people!
Have you proposed it? Sponsored it? Don't tweet, legislate. #Resist #DoYourJob
Thank you very much for supporting these young people. God Bless You!
Figures!
Well it is about time you uphold the law instead of ignoring it and the truth.
It should be in the same Bill that completes the wall that Democrats and Republicans voted for.
Our country needs to stop the flow of drugs.

https://www.facebook.com/barackobama/posts/10155227588436749 …
what about protecting US citizens who don't get handouts & r struggling 2 pay the taxes Congress steals by voting 2 fund DACA
The taxes each Dreamer pays is gone. Your taxes go up. Paying more for groceries now because field workers denied entry to do work you won't
You kicked out the military from CA.  Then you quit allowing irrigation on farms there.  Then you let China come in and take tech.
Congress care more about illegals than doing something good for veterans and us americans Congress has lower approval rating than @POTUS
We should care about the Veterans AND the Dreamers. It is not either or. We are talking real people and American families.
American Families!!! What part of illegal don't I understand.
These children were brought here, grew up here, went to school, over 90% have jobs. Deserve to stay. I'm sick of racism & hatred #SaveDACA
@SenJohnMcCain the dreamers pay taxes, lawyer fees/came out of the dark bc they trusted our govt. America's "word" is meaningless. Pls ACT!
Yeah, let's give illegals a pass, let them go around people in LEGAL line waiting years. When will it end. More illegals with kids? Stupid!
Respectfully I disagree. Do u know any ppl in the program? I do agree it's not a long-T solution & needs 2 b constructive sensible reform.
If you vote Yes for the DACA you continue to show your negligence to the USA citizens which may be gone in CA.  No taxpayers
DO SOMETHING!!!
Why weren't U this vocal & expressive w/ the Repeal of ObCare? How much MONEY do u get from Corporations each year? Y do U support illegals?
What about the legal kiddos? What about the American kiddos? Zero love for them u continue to promote illegal activity.
Make It So. Make it the first thing Congress does Tuesday morning.
hiiiii
DACA and the completion  of the bipartisan wall need to be in the same Bill
Mr. @realDonaldTrump
I hope & pray for them to stay. I can't understand how trump wants to separate the family.
Get with Flake and McCain and get it done.
Sen. Graham is also pushing to save the Dreamers.
Good to hear H, not sure wth our folks in GA are doing on it. IMHO-you can't pull back your word. BAD precedent 4 domestic/foreign policy
Good idea!!! Yes on Dream Act--- NO! on funding his racist worthless WALL
You would, you need to RETIRE!!!!!!!!!!!!
You are not rational. Leave office. Please!
Yet, you had no problem with Obama doing a shoddy EO on this.
Don't think so !!!
ever think to protect American citizens?
where were U when Obama inacted this illegal Law. Ur a traitor to the Constitution, U oathed to protect!
Please protect the people from Trump doing this heartless act!
Get that heartless monster out of the white house he's sending all these people in a spin not knowing what's happening to their families
Then you are voting not with logic but with emotion - which means mistakes. Stop making the future pay for what feels good today.
Of course you are Dianne...

How did you feel when Obama had the CIA wiretapping your office.. Do you think we forget?
How did you become a billionaire on a middle class salary? Shall we FOIA ur calendar?
Who protects you Diane? Your husband has all the contracts for a billion dollar train and USPS offices. How did he get them?
No end daca
Who drafted a dream act bill.  Why don't you do it instead of waiting for someone else to do it.
How about standing near the border with instructions on how to be a citizen?
Is that a surprise?? Voter demographics is all you guys care about
That.....is the right thing to do, regardless of party affiliation.
Congress must stop 45 from his destructive decisions! God help us.
It made wasteland of Middle America. Time to call losses. #RealDonaldTrump #RepealDACA #MAGA #HoustonStrong #HurricaneIrma #HurricaneHarvey
Nope
Bring it @SenFeinstein @SenKamalaHarris! We are counting on your determination and grit to get the right thing done save #daca.
Thank you Senator Feinstein
Oh, now you're ready to do your job?  @SenFeinstein
Yes, congress must act.  That would be nice for a change.  DACA was enacted unlawfully, because congress wouldn't act.
Thank you!
You're right; Congress should do its job! #DACA was an illegal act committed by President Obama!
Congress is going to have to trust each other delegate teams to address the many issues which need legislation passed quickly
Do so
Please uphold our county's values. In spite of 
Sen. Dianne, US Congress r the main hope & champion 4 protecting moral policy 4 our nation & world....
America is NOT the land of the free. Each DACA recipient pays a fee (like $500.00) that they have to renew. Our Government cares about the!
thank you for your outstanding leadership.  keep up the awesome job your doing in  the Senate.
Impeach trump now.
Please resign!  All your "significant outreach to Republicans" is why we are in this mess.  You could switch parties & no one would notice!
Unfortunately you don't get to vote on it. You missed your chance to change things when you controlled all three branches in 2008.
Call it Alfonso's Act.
1)They are illegal. It's not their fault but they are. You can't allow people who break our laws to get here have children here.
2)They will grow up in a family who believe to get what they want they'll break the law. If they would immigrate here legally-
3)-none of this would be an issue. You and these illegal immigrants have no common sense and because o that they are hurting-
4)those around them, and the ones they love. Get them out and have them show they are dedicated to America by having them pass the test...
OUR TEXAS DACA HERO!!
#DACAHARVEYHERO 
http://www.chron.com/news/houston-texas/amp/Missing-volunteer-pulled-from-Cypress-Creek-12170986.php …
Does this mean we no longer should be "patient" with Trump? 
What DemocRats needs is illegal voters, correct?
Typical demo whack all talk and no action.
Senator stand up to bully president! Get 
YES!!!
DACA is an illegal program and must be stopped
As a legal immigrant I waited in line paid my $$ interviewed re-interviewed parents knew what they were doing. Congress vote
Most Americans nationally do not agree with you.  OOT W/the larger expanse of our national voice.  Large cities are not the voice of most US
Why doesn't Congress do anything about the thousands of American children that have been kidnapped by Child Predator Services?
in UK we have "likelihood of emotional harm in a future on balanve of probabilities"
That's a violation of your Civil Rights in America. No one can predict the future & that is not a reason to keep a child away from family.
It happens  in a UK all time.British law.
Do it. End your run on a high note. Save your party.
You won't have more than 3 Republicans vote with you. Republicans embrace racism.
Still think Trump could become a "good president" - asking for 1000's of dreamers in danger of being deported
You fight for DACA, but legal immigrants and US citizens need help as well.They have dreams, too! How do you fight for poor black/white kids
You should have told Obama his ex. order was illegal and advised it was up to congress to make laws.
Please post a link to the "Dream Act" so the American people can see what their so-called voices are looking to vote on. No hidden penalties
WE are more than ready to VOTE YOU OUT! 
You work for Americans, remember that! 
#EndDACA and allocate all resources to American Dreamers!
Thank you

Can't blame on @POTUS Congress is responsible for creating laws! Congress members to spineless to tackle! Rests on you...do your damn job!
This our Country, not yours alone. Remember that when you represent Americans. PLEASE.
Are you also ready to work with those across the aisle in a bipartisian solution?  Will you partner with a Rep to create a bipartisian bill?
That's probably more effective than waiting for Trump to learn how to be president.
Let's face facts... Trump is an asswipe who has no redeeming human qualities...
His cruelty is second to none.
Isn't this how #DACA came into existence - because Congress could not pass an immigration act?  Has Congress changed that much?
It's unconstitutional... and I need to retire already.0
Well, You've got 6 months to come up with a lawful solution! You will have both sides of the aisle breathing down your neck until you do!
The pardon of a law enforcement officer doing his job was needed. all daca have broke the law.. deport them all. Save that money for houston
Let's MAKE AMERICA UNITED AGAIN FOR ALL !
Senator ,YES , the first illegals came when it was discovered BY Columbus the first AMERICANS NATIVE ! Let us not be HYPOCRITES.
And you're also ready to give Trump a chance because he might become a good president.
Of course you are. Lots of New Democrat voters.
You must be voted out too.... Have you forgotten you represent the American  CITIZENS... and not ILLEGAL immigrants.
Yes-You MUST Act! 
Now-Will You recant your opinion that POTUS "might" have a "Moral (or any) Epiphany"-wake up 2morrow "all better"? #DACA
Congress must move to IMPEACH! Stop screwing around..
Targeted Americans
Your so concerned about DACA it's only when the president forces your hand that you act, you failed to act on true the vote, when the IRS
Please persuade the House to start #Impeachment proceedings against Trump & hold those accountable for violating the Constitution. Thank you
You need the votes
Still want 2 "Give him a chance"? Seriously he's shown US his true colors long enough dontcha think? #DonTheCon #TraitorTrump #ImpeachTrump
We could have guessed what side of this issue you are.
#ENDDACA  #BuildThatWall
Perhaps it's time to stop having patience and hoping Trump becomes a better man and president? That ship sailed a long time ago. #DefendDACA
You were elected by Americans to protect and serve Americans. You're supporting of DACA is a slap in the face to all voters.

What if they try to tie it to wall funding?
DACA violates the plenipotent power of Congress to set immigration/ naturalization standards. Congress by right could have impeached Obama

She must not run again. She wants to give Trumpf more time to do more harm. 84 seems old enuf to retire. She's always been rethug lite
Punishing productive kids and young adults because their parents wanted a better life for them is unjust. #dreamers #daca
Who paid you for this??
So am I. We must create our own "storm" of voices and FLOOD the country with our voices and our vote. Our grandparents were dreamers. !
Immigration reform should not encourage the violation of our laws.
So do you still think trump can be a good pres?
Thank you Senator!
If Congress would have done their job in the last 8 years we wouldn't be in this mess NOW
Then California and all other states must open up their voting records to see if we're being disenfranchised by illegals voting first!!
We have to go by the law Obama your dictator made this problem by not going by the law
The real question is r u ready to vote yes on #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW

Thank you for being predictably humane and sane!
What the heck has taken you guys so long?
Nice of you to quit Whoring for Wall St long enough to help those that can't vote. How's that working for the Democrats?
Well should have thought about that during Obama's term, but instead, you turned traitor and now want to give Trump a chance.
Do something about our healthcare and taxes? That is what we CITIZENS care about!  quit obstructing! #partoftheswamp
#DefendDACA #DescribeTrumpWithOneWord Douchebag
Still think he could make a good president?
It is time to take the decision away from Trump! We need stronger leadership from Congress than ever before! No more excuses, get this done!

Relatives & friends of #DACA recipients should remember @HouseGOP @SenateGOP & @POTUS for their actions & putting Party Before Country
Deny young legal Americans job opportunities by allowing undocumented youth to stay in USA. You are unworthy as Senator!
When will this vote happen? I will be calling my Senators until then .
Just convince a couple of the @SenateGOP to vote with you. There must be a couple who have a heart and know what is right.
That's right, stand tall for the Dreamers! Hope majority of Congress still knows what America should stand for..
Protect our children first.
Of course you are. First though please investigate why you and your helper ate not recused from what you are investigating?
Y is this madman still being allowed to make major decisions for our country? Where is the accountability from the GOP? Dems are helpless.
Do your job lady..your a law breaker..thier here illegally
and this is what people vote in to represent American people! This is what she thinks is doing good for our country?! Needs to be voted out
Why accept illegal imigration?It's not good for anyone.Intelligent reform,secure borders,employer hiring violation,visa overstay,work permit
Really. Then Do introduce your BILL in the Senate. Talk is cheap. Introduce A Senate Bill. We will See.
Join her, @senrobportman . It's what Ohio wants.
Can't we just go for the big picture by getting justice for our vote! That way we will take care of DACA & everything else!
Congress MUST IMPEACH TRUMP, @SenFeinstein!
So you would vote yes on an illegal piece of legislation?
yet you have never defended Americas farmers from government treason
Trying to protect all them illegal votes you mean...
@SenFeinstein do not fund anything related to [Dream] until our questions are answered & mapped conclusively. @USSupreme_Court @FBI @FTC
#DACA identified themselves  & r among our best. What will this do 2 any minority's trust of Government? #dreamers #HereToStay
Please please do
we made them a promise  they believed us  we should keep that promise
That's great Sen Feinstein but when are the Dems going to start impeachment? We want this idiot out!
Trump isn't ending DACA. It was set to expire on the 4th. Trump extended DACA by 6 months so Congress can do their job with legal solution
you think trumpansynovich can grow into a good president? How delusional are you?  Time for you to disappear along with othef forked tongues
Stop screwing over the American people!! #EndDACAnow
U don't protect citizens with sanctuary cities, why illegals ?
Save that vote, you might need it to trade for ...
Thank you Senator!!!! 
If you are acting in the interest of foreign nationals, you are violating your oath of office. It is a form of treason.
Then so is Trump and his grifter son-in-law 
My statement applies to ALL public officials acting in the interest of foreign nationals.
