Not one of these kids/young people should be removed from their home! Plz stop this.The only thing Trump has accomplished is chaos!Ppl first
By that misconception you are contradicting your own argument
Which is exactly the point.Bc what President Trump is doing is the same thing that Obama did. Executive orders.Defeating your own argument
Do you understand now that Trump isn't going to change if given the chance?He's a vindictive racist who wants to make his racist base happy.
We cannot and will not give trump a chance, Nazi's did the same with Hitler!
send them back and return legally
They are HERE legally. DACA made that so. Sigh.

It must be defeated
Everyone be REAL. Trump/ALT-Right are racist. The reason Trump wants to get rid of DACA is totally Racially Driven, Nothing more or Less.
Wrong
No let's not until Congress does it's job and gets a wall built! Then will settle DACA
Great job Senator Feinstein. The Senate/Congress should legislate! Not the President.
No way in hell! You're not listening to We the People! End DACA now!
Go back to my page a read more news about Rs working with Ds against Trump! #DACA
Of coarse you liberals need someone to vote for your screwed up agenda ....
You just want more illegal votes!
They should have taken path instead of coming over illegally DERP!
We The People voted to end DACA, but you don't care about us.  You and your ilk WILL care the next time you want our votes.
Well you been in the senate decades did you just decided to do something?
Anyone that signs it will regret it.
Wrong Protect America First
Not sure what U mean Sir
Good luck getting that through. It is the right thing to do but there is not enough  in the country right now. It is so sad.
Have you seen the love live in texas... oh there's love here in usa... we just can't afford illegals!
We can afford endless wars but not to save lives of those who have done nothing wrong. Hypocrite!
When did you start you stand up career?
READ THE LAW!!!
Is very sadly this people are going through this situation Trump sees all citizens like we're a parasite and he has to get read rid of us!!!
You are paid to work for American Citizens not illegal aliens. Start doing your job and put American Citizens first.
How much are you personnally donating to help #DACA kids? As a taxpayer, I want $0 tax dollars spent on any illegal aliens.
Why? Because they are your party's voting base? How about standing up for your AMERICAN CITIZEN constituents
I feel bad for the dreamer kids, but my family came LEGALLY and it's not fair to me and my kids! #MAGA one LEGAL immigrant at a time. =)

#Immigrants vs #IllegalAlienInvaders 
Have them pay the almost $700  to become a citizen
@SenFeinstein Thank you. 

Call on every Senator to support this. 

You can text RESIST to 50409 to call or send a FAX for free.
SENATOR
THEY WERE CHILDREN: THEY ARE STILL CHILDREN. WOULD BE WRONG TO ABANDON CHILDREN
DO IT!!!
End DACA & Deport those illegal aliens now!
End DACA NOW!
To allow DACA will only encourage illegal immigration. To help more than a few, pressure Mexican Gvt for education and quality of life !!

Thank you @SenFeinstein! Keep fighting for our fellow Americans! #SaveDACA
They arent Americans. Thats the point
NO Feinstein Hillary lost, so we need these illegals to go period, we dont want them here
How about letting citizens choose sensible immigration
What should be on the Senate's agenda is the rule of law.
You are ready to report yourself into a home.  You have lost your senses.
Why? They are illegal aliens. Wake up and do your duty. Their parents knew the risk bringing them into our country illegally.
Just trying to create another welfare voting base, like importing possible threats to create welfare votes, No Go
NOPE!!!! ILLEGAL and you cannot encourage, promote or give false hope to others in the future. Are all of the people in your state prov. 4?
Yes, majority of American voters agree.  VOTERS have power to remove Repubs 11.6.2018 & to move America forward.
say it is passed in senate. will it get through the radical house?
agree entirely.
If only someone who tweeted were a US Senator so that they could introduce such legislation...
Why?
I want amnesty for the law-abiding, working, productive non-criminals trump ripped away from their families. Open the borders for them.
Another Obama failure.  This should have be done by Obama instead of Excutive Orders he was so proud and famous for.
No
This is a problem only legislation can solve.  #RaiseAct  for #DACA is the easy way foward.
A slow reaction 2 an Obama Exec Order expiring Tuesday. Go figure! Why didn't u pass legis 2 years ago when Obama acted Unconstitutionally
For 8 years you had the power to make this happen BUT you FAILED!  Socialist Democrats blame everyone BUT themselves.
You and left senators and republicans are trying to destroy our nation with immigrants hat want to destroy our  nation and abortion.
NO! Legislation to provide severe penalties for parents who bring children to US illegally MUST be on the Senate's agenda!
#EndDACA
Democrats disgraceful behavior since Inauguration Day makes that unlikejy.
Why "MUST" it?  Is that your way of "compromising"? Sure doesn't sound like the words of a true negotiator.  More like an ultimatum.
No only if all requirements are met is questioning done.
Tax payers R. NOT going to pay so u can keep your Voter base
#DACA shouldn't exist in the first place.  Take care of all the American children first.  Oh wait you don't care about Americans do you?
But should the dreamers be patient too and wait for trump to be a good president?
DACA is right thing to do but do LEGALLY by Congress. Children shouldn't be punished for what parents did. Bipartisan opportunity.
Should have been 2008-2010 when you controlled house, senate and president.... using pen comes back to haunt failed leader @BarackObama
More important things to worry about @SenFeinstein
If they are here to better their life I agree with you, if they are here to live off our taxes, and destroy the nation they need to leave!
You have been senator for 40 yrs. and just now you want this. Why did it take you this long? Dem had complete power under Obama, did nothing
So defend all but the young of the deplorables. Makes perfect sense if you are a Feinsteinaian
No, #nodaca #noillegals America for Americans and LEGAL immigrants. Dreamers are just anchor baby's whose families leach off America. Deport
Then we should ignore your advice to show patience?
Of course not. Lower taxes and end Obamacare.we owe nothing to illegals except deportation
Actually an "illegal" is slang and can be a noun. Don'pretend to teach me English . What are you a Democrat? Too bad for you.
Long over due, shame on you
DACA is just the Democrats building a new base. Try as they may they will not get back the house or the senate or the White House
Entering ILLEGALLY should NEVER be rewarded.
This makes a criminal.
Criminals should not be rewarded because they managed not to be caught.
Everyone must obey the law.  No exceptions.  People in the country illegally must be deported.  Otherwise, more will enter illegally.
https://twitter.com/ALT_uscis/status/903698094134583296 …  Please read the thread and follow the money.  Holy cow.
DACA thread:
Don't be fooled by @realDonaldTrump. Ending #DACA is simple Follow the money. Here we go:
DING DING DING - the EO is expiring on 9/5 ... Trump is being forced to deal with a poorly written Obama EO
It was Congress's responsibility from day one--
Also on the agenda must be starting a review and removal of Trump from Office.  He is ruining everything that is great about America.
MUST, huh? HAA! Elections have consequences, Senator. Trump will not stop and the people back him. Time to give him the wall. FOR THE PEOPLE
Retire.
Citizens and legal immigrants before illegals and politicians.

Finance the wall too. We cannot be put in this situation ever again.
he's making a decision today don't you think the Senate will be just a bit late? I know you all are busy but!
Thank you
No f'ing way you crazy old loon. We don't reward criminal behavior! We are a country of law & order!
Amnesty.
i thought so too but apparently someone forgot
Legislation to provide #DACA recipients with deportation—and penalty if they try to re-enter—MUST be on the Senate's agenda.
My question why haven't they applied for citizenship already?  Could it be they get more government assistance as illegals.
DACA is CRITICAL!! #ProtectDACA! #HereToStay
They are more than welcome to become American citizens. Return to their country of origin and apply for citizenship. It's that easy
Thank you Senator. @SenateMajLdr are you listening?
Disagree! Americans first! Jobs here belong to legal citizens!  The parents of DACA who illegally brought them here are accountable!
PC people dont understand. Good people get rewarded. Bad people  kick out. Arested, illegal, thugs, gang members and lately democrats = bad.
The country is sick and tired of Democrats constant chatter about immigration. If you don't like laws change them....do something.
Antifa.... should also be on your agenda being that they are violent left wing thugs !! Hypocrisy... Dianne ???
Why doesn't senate put things in the agenda that help American citizens?  Healthcare, taxes, ISIS, etc?  Do your damn job!
I guess Presidential decrees aren't such a great idea after all?
But will not...nice talking points.
These kids did not decide to come here & didn't enter illegally. Their parents made those decisions.This is now their home, leave them alone
I'm so glad we have rep's and senators who know what the right thing is to do. Please push to get this on the agenda. It's crucial.
Yes, it is their parent's fault. But, DACA nonetheless rewards illegal behavior.
We must #EndDACA - save some America for Americans & legals
@SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP Republicans want to pick & choose who is worthy of citizenship which is totally un-Democratic. PASS THE DREAM ACT
Primary Rigger. We will replace you with @David4SenateCA facts matter senator.
Why do we have to beg this @POTUS to save DACA? Find a way to impeach. He obstructed justice by colluding with Putin, also he fired Comey.
Where is there any proof of collusion?  They have been investigating this for over a year and still ... no proof.
It's too bad you didn't want to fix it in 2008-2009 when you controlled House , Senate AND White House.
Bring it to a vote!
Ms. Feinstein please do not allow this to happen. They deserve better and someone to fight for their rights.
Immigration infuture must follow law, whatever that is. If DACA stands, you must guarantee gov will enforce duly passed laws&secure borders.
Bad. Sad. Obstructionist Feinstein. Murca First. #MAGA You weren't even born in this country. Shame. #ImpeachMueller
If you want to represent illegal aliens, run for office in Mexico. Why should we reward those who disrespect our laws
Finally a smart member of Congress! #Daca is not a permanent solution.
If a DACA child is in school or college or the militart then they should also be working on their citizenship. Those getting arested deport
Yes, the solution to keeping DACA is negotiation and LEGISLATION, not executive orders that actually go against the law.
Madam Senator, the Donald MUST not be the President. He is a racist, and has other despicable qualities. Can nothing be done? Nothing???
Dear miss fienstein I really like your name.   Thanks for fighting for things that matter
Any DACA person should be required to become a US citizen within a given timeframe (old enough to go through process) or deported.
You can't become a citizen through Daca. If it were that easy, many would've done it. You think it's fun to be in a legal limbo?
To My senile senator, That's how the system is supposed to work its called legislation. Good luck getting it past! Frankenfeinstein clown .
Your mother did not raise you well.
Why President Obama set up DACA with out the senate.
no
END DACA NOW! @realDonaldTrump
#EndDACA
#DEPORT illegal aliens NOW Keep American Citizens safe from invaders who only want to take advantage of USA

#DACA "eventual citizenship" ...... That's the political death of any Republican after the Marco Rubio amnesty. 
Maybe after they learn some respect.
Indoctrinated children will never change.
Deport them.
No No this was unlawfully done and we can not allow unlawful acts to be justified later. We are a nation of laws and we need to enforce them

Ok this...this needs to go VIRAL. Easily the most accessible way I've seen to explain #TrumpRussia to the Gen. Pop.
Too much of what he says did not come to pass.  He signed the sanctions, made promised to European cts to supply natural gas, protect Poland
Let me guess, no tax reform without this. Once again caring about non-citizens at the expense of citizens
Then do it! Make it happen & stop talking about it.
Exactly, what is the action you are taking @SenFeinstein? You ARE the Senate! #DoSomethingDiane #DefendDACA #DACA
Need to deport you and your ilk
You had eight years to get it done under Obama. Stop pandering for votes.
No way. Trying to secure thousands of future votes if it succeeds. You must have forgotten your oath to support the constitution
This was done by the person you said just this week that we give a chance. To do what, get rid of all people of color in this country?
Kekistan be recognized
Have you drafted such a bill and introduced it?  If not, please do!!
There is a bill. It's S. 1615, the DREAM Act. Call your Senators if you support it.
Thanks for the info!!
Take care of our citizens first please.  Our country not Mexico should be your priority.
Agreed!
Agree. About your earlier comment re patience with Trump tho
She had been drinking?
I support this message
And since you and @SenKamalaHarris represent the state with the most DACA youth, you two should spearhead the movement in the Senate. 
Financial budgets for US govt budget MUST be on Senate's agenda.
Illegals can wait!
Yes! It must!
