Obamas ATF shouldn’t have approved them then, right?
#Moron. The ATF didn't approve bump stocks, it determined that it didn't have the authority to regulate them. Stop watching #fakefoxnews
Mark, I’d appreciate it if you’d only call me names you’d say to my face, thanks.  Also, I have a copy of the ATF letter.
No Sherlock!  Wow, you can read.
I guess since are so many car accidents we will get rid of cars to
She's NOT saying get rid of all guns mister!! She's saying get rid of bump stocks, dang it!!!READ!!!
You need to read it she's not talking about bump stops she's talking about conceal and carry she claims that every Californian is against it
You can thank the Immortal Obama for not regulating them, Could have had saved lives well before now. Democrats with blood on their hands!
Stop dishing out blame to democrats every time someone says something.
It was Obama's ATF that chose not to regulate them, Democrats own it.
I dont.
WHY IN THE HELL DIDN'T YOU BRING THAT UP WITH OBAMA 
SERIOUSLY?? The GOP walked out after refusing to VOTE to do something after Sandy Hook!!
Y did U allow Obama 2 approve it in the first place? That is his doing.
I agree it should be banned, but not further than that! but Nancy?
Nancy hopes it wil be a slippery slope. meaning it will not stop there.
I want answers to Y Obama wanted bumb whatever in the first place!
I am going to stomp my feet...spin 3 times......
Senator if you believe that then you're more out of touch with reality then our president.
Non issue senator. Focus on banning assault weapons.
Not that I agree AT ALL, but YOU want to ban "All semi auto rifles", trust me, that's what YOU really want. "Assault weapons" are made up.
It's not morally RIGHT. However, it's at least better informed than calling for Assault Weapon bans.
Lives more important than Guns.
Sure, but confiscating guns would cause loss of life...so? 

Likely an order of magnitude more deaths... it's a catch22.
Yeah that's probably true. So why did Obama OK them?
Not really made him less accurate
We need arguments on the substance, not just 'would it have stopped this specific case'. No legislation works like that. Nothing's 100%.
Yes!
;)
I'm for banning bump fire stocks, but, what about the 2.5 million that ar already in the hands of nuts? The ban won't stop anything.
Still have to keep ammo fed to wepon of choice bump stock or not so your point is really a poor one
Anyone worth a damn with guns knows it was a belt fed weapon on the video. This goes deeper than fucking novelty bump stocks!
Im amazed that automatic weapons Arnt banned. Whhat will it take for common sense prevails.
Tell that to Obama's ATF!
Lol its the Obama administration who approved them. All your fault.  Retire you need to be voted out

He called for gun control after every mass killing, more than you can say for any republican

Speaking about reducing the gunman's rate of fire,
it has been reported that the murdered security guard did just that before he was killed.
The event sg killed was on grounds but Mandalay sg was wounded only in hall outside shooters room b4 crowd was shot.
Thanks for the correction.
He shouldn't have been able to even get those types of guns, ban them
screw the ban on bump stocks, how about a real gun control bill, instead of playing to the moment
Why don't you take action on Chicago then? It amazes me that thousands are being shot every year and nobody is helping.
Dianne I wish you would put this much effort into banning GMOs and Glyphosate
Look into the mirror...Obama and Dems are RESPONSIBLE for bump Stocks !!!! You are not fooling anyone but your LIV's...
HYPOCRITE .. I SPEAK FOR 40MILLION MY ASS U SAID IT ON CNN THE LAW WELL NOT WORK
Im confused. Cornyn posted on his page that you said nothing could have stopped Vegas shooter. Ban semi autos
Move to Chicago see how bans work for you.....educate yourself...you just look foolish......
NRA policies are supporting all kinds of terrorists. They are enemies of the state. Their website shows pic of Mayberry not RAMBO
You had eight years with Obama in office and not once did you people address the issue. You had complete control for two years, Nothing
That’s a FALSE statement!!! At this time we don’t even know if a bump stock was used. All we know is several were in the room.
Hey you old bag, retire! It’s your fault bump stocks got allowed in the first place! You and that Obumer administration! It’s YOUR fault!
If your actions are opposite to your words - you are a Republican. 
GET RID OF FEINSTEIN - install a Democrat.
Or could have cost lives:  1.  You can bump fire without a bump stock.  2. Decreases accuracy.  3. More likely to cause jams.  (Get facts)
I think the SOB would have found some
If he wanted bumpstocks, he could have bought them on the street. Why don’t YOU take action and start looking into ROOT CAUSE for violence!
Please explain why NONE of the extensive gun control measures in Chicago have worked. Here, I'll help.  Criminals don't abide by the law.
This definitely needs to happen.
You are definitely clueless
Concentrated fire is always more deadly than spray and pray
Agree... Not congress... ATF...
Would a ban of bump stocks reduced the destruction caused by Timothy McVeigh?
You could have done that a decade ago instead of focusing on items 2nd amend folks don't support... anyone would ban bump stocks. It's on U
Here we go again
What?????? So if they were banned he would have been afraid to use them. Think not
We need to keep firearms out of liberal democrats & Muslims. Then America will be a much safer place to live.
We need much more than just a ban on bump stocks...we need common sense gun control laws!!  This domestic terrorism must stop!!
You obviously don't know about the black market. Oh wait, you are the black market.
SO WHY DIDN'T YOU INTRODUCE LEGISLATION BEFORE.. ??   YOU'RE NOT KIDDING ANYONE... YOU JUMP ON AN ISSUE AFTER THE HEADLINES... VOTE HER OUT!
Kind of like that law against killing people to start with how well did that work
How did they get approved in the first place under Pres Obummer?
You are too old Diane to do this job at 84. Retire!
You can't stop crazy unfortunately
Maybe if the guy shot himself first none of this would have happened,  or if one of the concert goers didn't cheat on his wife the week b4..
Present purposal
#25thAmendment will save even more lives. Thank you. @SenFeinstein @SenKamalaHarris @RepDeSaulnier @RepAdamSchiff @RepSwalwell @RepMcNerney
@SenFeinstein has dementia as she forgot Obama TWICE approved bump stocks. BTW Diane, shooter used already illegal fully automatic weapons.
Wasn't he a registered Democrat
Yes, just like drug bans keep people from getting drugs.
I'm not so sure about that.  I would have cause him to slow down and aim as opposed to just fast random fire.  Both are lethal.
You know he was the shooter??
No you don't.
Banning bump stocks is the very least we can do no really the very least
We MUST take action and remove you from that senator seat. Time for CHANGE.
You are so wrong
Administration ONLY cares about gun lobby.  No concern so called rights of so few takes away the rights of most Americans. WTH - $$$$
Democrats always use fear and other emotions to manipulate the people into backing their desires. Democrats have their own agenda
Why won't Democrats tell Americans the truth? Democrats won't stop until they are able to achieve full confiscation. They love to use fear
Bull gd shit. GOP has SAID this for 60 yrs I know of. It is NRA propaganda. Dems own guns. We don't want yours.Want to be safe.Not dead in V
Why are you always late to the party?  You have 20/20 vision days after something bad happens.  Where are your ideas before the bad happens?
Lots of extremists who are perfectly satisfied with ever increasing body counts....until it's one of their kids.
Typical democRat. CRIMINALS don't obey GUN LAWS. And anyway, what about Chicago? Let's here your solution for THAT!?
not really
Your sec detail has class 3 eq.  What makes you so special?  You work for us, not the other way around. don't need your permission!  #2ndA
What are you waiting for? Your 81st birthday
he still would have found automatic weapons and killed as many maybe more.gun free doesn't mean crime free. zones don't work.
Evil is within the heart and soul. How are you going to regulate that one?
Even you said gun laws would not have prevented the Vegas shooting.
2014 there were 248 people killed by rifles, 3,827 people who were killed by being either stabbed or beaten to death by a blunt instrument.
They say it takes 8 days for a mass shooting to fade from our consciousness... Keep fighting the good fight!!!!! #notonemore
If not a bump stock, he would have used a hand crank on trigger. Or a bomb. Motive, opportunity were deciding factors.
I'm not advocating bump stock. I'm anti-Feinstein knee-jerk emotional, opportunistic anti- 2nd Amendment infringement.
You were no where when Obama was president. Why are you talking now?
Compressed targets in contained crowd allowed mass killing.
Criminals don't follow the law! How's Chicago or DC's gun control laws doing? How many murders in those cities by bump stocks?
Yeah too bad Obama made them legal
This the best you can do for gun control? Really? Grow a pair already.

A ban on guns and endless ammo would have saved more. Never have I thought! "I need an assault rifle"

So could a ban on assault weapons. Focus on the big picture.
We need much more than that.  Mentally ill people should not have guns
Yes and a ban on military style assault rifles would save even more lives. Let's be honest well regulated militia does not mean what we have
A ban on guns could have saved more lives, as throwing knives 1,000 feet from 32nd floor very ineffective
and bump trigger rubber bands  ????
This statement is implying that bans prevent people from obtaining illegal items. I think we all know that isn’t the case, though.
Love the talk, time to walk.
Your past leader obama approved of the bump fire stocks hmmmm
. . .Also take action reforming the 2nd amendment to bring it into the 2000’s.
You cannot anticipate a killer’s weapon of choice.
Evil is evil
Your vision is too small. What are you, tired? Giving up? You’ll never get anything more than this and the NRA does not care. It’s a gimme!
So true!
No that’s too obvious. The NRA has already said no now,  so it has to be no. They are the GOP’s God. #AmericasSickness #BanTheNRA
You must protect your phony-baloney jobs #harumph
I am sure she has proof of that.....NOT
Then why didn't you do anything Senator Dianne Feinstein when Obama had the chance
Why didn’t you say anything when Obama sign their approval?
YOU are kidding? He would have made the bombs and KILLED HUNDREDS>>LORD stop the BS and stop the HATE you all put out
@Kath2252 If the States disagree, let's create a Xray that is not noticeable and scan everyone in Nevada entering a casino.
Please give another California Democrat the chance to enter the Senate now. Twenty-four years is enough, and politics has changed.
Calling for a ban on bump stocks, a point the N.R.A. has already conceded, hardly counts as bold and decisive leadership.
Or... Slowed his rate of fire allowing him to focus on aiming better and killing more people more precisely
Never let a tragedy go to waste... pathetic.
And none of the avid anti-gun people knew bump stocks existed prior to LV?? Hard to believe.
So would locking up mentally unstable people - you first! Insanity=doing the same thing repeatedly expecting a different result. #guncontrol
Could have also made him aim better and kill more people
No law would have stopped Las Vegas shooter, Feinstein says http://politi.co/2y5rieS  via @politico
How can Republicans allow Trump to act tomake it easier for the mentally ill to buy & carry guns??? If THAT is not an act of TERRORISM....
Banning bump stocks will do nothing. A determined killer will kill regardless. S/he will find a way
if you want to do something, look at Prozac, Zoloft, Paxil AND a specific DNA marker. Small% of population. $60 blood test
True!! Don't get so dramatic you loose sight if someone intends mass harm they will find a way. Address mental health, seek out Root Cause!
Okay...I agree
Hypocrisy alert: you said yesterday that no law could have prevented the shootings
Cherry picking gun control not the answer.We need a comprehensive plan.Go back to Brady bill.Gun violence out of control since repeal.
bump fire stocks are a distraction from the real need for #GunControlNow even gun sellers have admitted it is an accessory they don't order
It will never work. Bump stocks can easily be manufactured at home. Your wasting time and money
Hmmm up until then they weren't an issue though  how about addressing the real issue of mental health. Leave my guns alone
You’re totally out of your element and have no idea what your talking about you Dems are the real problem

More nonsense.  Fact: Bumpstock reduces accuracy.  Excessive heating of the barrel reduces accuracy.  180 rds/min avg. for nonprofessional.

The largest losses in life due to madmen are the Federal bldg in OK.. a bomb... the World Trade center 1st time a bomb, the 2nd time a plane
You are so absurd!!!! Stop your insane attempts to justify your gun regulations.  Shame on you !!!
Go ahead and ban them, they'll just convert a belt buckle to do the say thing. smdh.
This is why you need to retire-How many times have you said thi s and Nothing happens proving you and your party incompetents
Your whining Tweets are beginning to make you sound like a grey haired Ann Coulter!
Dianne - Wouldn't have saved lives. Bump stocks greatly reduce accuracy. Hence, why they're not popular amongst shooting enthusiasts.
Who knew? Oh wait, did you know these were out there, and did nothing the past 8 years???? 
You know what else would save lives in Las Vegas? #singlepayer Why do you refuse to support what works in every other Western country?
If you Democrats would come to reality and get out of this fantasy shit your in, none of this would ever happen!!!!!
I say u get personally sued for the funds wasted on the Mueller investigation you can pay for this hoax!

this was all started by Comey crime based on faulty Russia BS turned on DJT w/o any crime by him/team sited! WTF
she&others who pushed this should b held financially responsible 4this unlawful targeting of a duly elected prez
Yes they should. Shameful. Nothing but a disruptive witch hunt.
Two shots are enough for hunting wild game. Also bump up self compassion education & easy to get mental care.  Or police deserve help.
Try arming the people so that there are less victims for you to stand on.
So you're saying that a mad killer isn't going to make accommodation to get around such a ban if he desires to? Right-I'll buy that #sarcasm
Democrats are so short sighted:  talk bump stocks but ignore Chicago and the like Dem run cities.
Maybe.  Public Safety Marshals similar to what we see on planes would've saved lives. Videos of stunned concert goers not moving, alarming!
You mean you should have taken action?  Your lack of leadership 7 years ago helped cause this catastrophe.  Let's all thank Diane.
It's just sad that you have accepted this pathetically low bar as the challenge to these horrors.
............Maybe at 84 your Not the sharpest Pencil in the Pack anymore. This picture is a great indicater
Seriously? From the 32 floor. That's ridiculous - 45 corpses instead of 55? 400 wounded instead of 500? Bullshit.
What about the ban on murder... guess if LV-shooter had known he would have called it off?  Need understand motive to prevent reoccurrence.
Make up your mind, previously you said there was "No Law" that would have prevented it. So, were you lying Then or are you Lying Now?.......
Please find out why they were approved to start work. It should not take a massacre for congress to act on a no brainer.
money from nra to congress needs to stop too.  thank you  for continuing the conversation.
A Senator since '92 what 'Action' has Feinstein taken so far?
U won’t question Hollywood and their glamorizing of guns and violence since they give Dems so much funding! Dem Hypocrites
You don’t know that

And we need term limits for you and your type.
I am not so sure about that. Would like to see the data on how many rounds were fired accurately out of total rounds fired.
So your and Obama admins failure to take action on bump stocks has blood on your hands
Then do it!
It might avoid a workaround if all rifles were included in the bill.?What would stop someone from converting an ordinary rifle to rapid fire
How do we really know this?  If a person has the mindset to mass murder people, he will find the way.  This person took his  time setting up
But since we are talking Could Haves....an Alien space craft flying in front of window Could have blocked shooters bullets !
It is already illegal to murder so tell me how more laws are gonna work?
Please lead the charge and make it happen.
Clueless and laughable.    This is sooo much deeper than a stupid novelty accessory.
A well placed sniper or armed civilian with shooting skill Could have  have as well
Simply UNTRUE! There were TONS of snipers on site (trained LE officers w rifles). He was in a top story window.
You really have been to poorly conditioned and well brainwashed by you leftwing idiology to reason with so good luck n long life
Doubtful. Evil doesn't follow bans or laws..
A ban on bump fire stocks could have saved lives in Las Vegas by reducing the gunman's rate of fire. We MUST take action!
Thank you senator. Do you have an estimate of how many rounds were fired during that horrific 9 min? Might be useful to gain support.
NOTHING would have stopped a lone killer! 8yrs no action, now you want to go to work? VOTE OUT ASAP!
No such thing as a lone killer: Gun lobbies, Congress, NRA, gun manufacturers, excess media violence and perhaps early childhood abusers...

So would smaller magazines.  100 rounds leads to spray n' pray.  10 rounds is more than enough.  Bullet button mag. ejection.
I don't mean to minimize the Vegas tragedy, but nearly 100 people die every day from lack of insurance. #MedicareForAll saves more lives.
So thank you for raising your voice about bump stocks, but please consider helping us make the case for Medicare for All.
It's a first step Dianne!! Every journey begins with one!
Next, work on the assault weapon ban. No one needs an AK47.
Do u need a car do u need a cell phone no u don't but it's ur right to own them it's our right to own a gun
tell Obama's atf
You should have said this in your interview 3 days ago.
"Could have" <> "would have." Murder is illegal, too & that didn't stop the gunman. With his $$, he could have 3D printed his stocks. Next?
No more grandfathering - you have to actually take something away to change the hardware for mass shooters. What? High capacity magazines.
This is really REALLY ill informed. Please look up "speed reloading" on YouTube. Ppl can change mags in 0.5 seconds.
A fraction of a percent can do that. "Las Vegas" would have had to do 200 magazine reloads to fire 2,000 rounds if he had 10 round magazines
Isn't it also about rate of fire, not reload time?
Yes it is, but only if bullets are getting fed into the gun. Magazine size is the primary factor in rate of fire over time.
Sanity of the human behind the do hicky is the important part! There is NO WAY to make a gun "safe", that's not their THING.
High capacity mags are used offensively by mass shooters, not for self defense. What can't you do with three 10 round mags for a gun?
Continually "taking action" is why our guvmunt is so bloated. So calm down.
I've no wish to waken someday and find an American died. Because some misguided Fed decide good idea for criminal to have 100%BAN no Fed own
