Can you please specifically condemn white supremacists so that your statement is not misconstrued?
THIS, Senator. It's easy to vilify the vague nastiness of the non-specific word "bigotry." Why do you FAIL to condemn white supremicists?
No, for many of us who are Ms F's constituents, it's NOT enough. Neo Nazis and white supremacists must be called out for the danger they are
I’m not sure what you’re on about. We’re constituents that are asking our representative to represent us.
I’ve said exactly what I meant already. Done with this conversation.
President Trump has condemned ALL hate and bigotry!Americans are fed up with the lies and attacks against our President! It was a setup!!
Condemnation is not enough.  THe Trump administration needs to be purged.  YOu need to lead impeachment effort! #ImpeachTrump
your tears are delicious
I am with you all the way.
When are you going to introduce a bill or back a bill calling for impeachment?  There is enough already, you do not need to wait.
@SenKamalaHarris @tedlieu #ImpeachTrump #Get up Stand up. #California cannot tolerate a #racist #WhiteSupremacist #President. #America speak
Racism has perpetuated due to participation. Solution is both B/W platforms in dialogue. A tipping point is then reach & shift occurs. 
Urge your friends and colleagues to #quitthecouncil out of a sense of moral decency. Glad that you and @SenKamalaHarris keep up the fight.
Trump's OWN WORDS 
Those were words!! What obama,his adm and DNC have set up the riots happening the last few years!! Wake up people

Please urge the House to file articles of impeachment and push for 25th amendment. 45 is a Nazi sympathizer, willfully dividing the nation.
We aren't ALL ignorant and uneducated like your supporters!! You are lying to them and are directly responsible for Antifa,BLM and kkk
#ImpeachTrump
Thank you for your leadership. #impeach
Senator, you have made no statements regarding the planned white supremacist rally on federal land at Crissy Field. 

What is your position?
How about the great State of California declaring these Alt-Right hate groups as terrorists?
Do you remember what Obama said? "If they bting a knife we must bring a GUN. Is not that statement inciting violence?
How about you use your voice to call for Impeachment? Trump is open 4 biz + accepting bribes, obstructing justice. Stand up for CA or RETIRE
we DEMS must be careful not to OVER BLOW this racist stuff! It's what trump expects and HE WANTS US TO DO! But trumps gotta go NOW!
We will not let you stop the investigation into Hillary,Obama and corrupt DNC!! You are horrible people who caused the deaths in VA!!

TRUMP IS UNFIT AND MUST GO!
@wjcoop You allowed former KKK Grand Wizard Sen Byrd to stay in office till he died. Hypocrite! Remove all his statues country wide!
Time for you and others to condemn the corrupt obama adm.and crimes by Hillary!We will not stop until you are all held accountable!!
Thank you, Senator.  We appreciate your forthright leadership.
This is exactly what is happening and the reason why they are attacking the President
Please call for a censure of the President in Congress. His remarks today can not go unanswered. #charlottesville
Senator, it's time to remove Trump from office. #CaliforniaVoter
What are you doing to impeach Trump?
#impeach. Demand it every day.
I know you will stand up to the evil that is Trump. America is counting on you.
#ImpeachTrump
#POTUS has failed yet again on this front as with everything he touches that makes our country successful.  Time to #ImpeachTrump is now.
This women still will not DENOUNCE the grp who showed up with weapons/helmets/fire/gas? Explain why u support them?
Agree with Tori.  Enough is enough.  This country will not belong to Nazis or the KKK.  Insist on 25th Amendment.
Please introduce legislation to include white Supremacist and KKK as radical terrorist organizations.
Both the Alt Left Hate Group Antifa & The KKK are democratic fascist supremacy groups both motivated by hatred.
He did. We all do.
Pres. Trump is not fit to be president.  Amendment 25 should be seriously considered.  Do other Sen. Agree.  
Trump has used his voice for 70 years to solely promote his own interests. Thats what he is, and why he has to go--in the nations interest.
Then 2016 election must be set aside by Congress & @SpeakerRyan becomes president. Same as a tainted crime lab. @POTUS @Scotus @VP @GOP @DNC
Great speech from the President today, I hope this puts your concerns to rest.
This proposed law in NC should be considered unconstitutional! It is definitely immoral and un-American!
I did not know until just now that passing laws legalizing the murder of protestors was a thing in the modern GOP. 
DT has made his statement.   He supports KKK, neoNazi and all extremist that support him.  DT denoun all who points this out (CEO MErck)
DT sidesteps denouncing white supremacist.(WS) Refuses to specifically name and denoun WS. Attacks Merck CEO for stand against WS.  Very bad
Please ensure us through your actions that you are doing everything you can to remove this administration.#FireBannon #FireGorka #FireMiller
#ITMFA !!!
Thank you, Senator, this is a good start, but please be clear about which side is to blame, and label them for what they are, terrorists.
This is all you have to say. Why aren't you tearing Washington down to have this STOP! The GOP would. This is why we lose elections!! Wimps!
@SenFeinstein  where was your voice during the riots at Berkeley oh that's right dems are not held accountable for anything, nevermind...
#BannonMillerGorkaMustGo ONLY BAD reasons to keep #AltRight in WHITE HOUSE.#ImpeachTrumpNow his inability to denounce #WhiteTerrorism =unfit
@SenFeinstein Please remove Trump immediately. His alt right has desecrated Heather Heyer. Trump is hate!
.@GoDaddy you host The Daily Stormer - they posted this on their site. Please retweet if you think this hate should be taken down & banned. 
We need leadership.  Please have the Senate step up and fully address the elephant in the room.  This is serious.
Why don't you say things of this nature to the violent left? Oh you are a hypocrite!
What is Trump poll# now
Why didn't you denounce BLM and ANTIFA....
Oh I know....they are both DemocRATic groups meant to shut-down Free Speech! 
Hypocrite!
City tried to change location to bigger park that could handle crowd safely. organizer took it to court & won to keep it there-irresponsible
HE DENOUNCED ALL VIOLENCE AND HATRED! SHOULD HAVE NEVER HAPPENED. BUT, IT DID. NOW TO LET FBI INVESTIGATE.
So you're ok with all the violence done by Antifa and BLM because it HELPS he Left. Do not be selective with your call out, name them ALL
He did Diane. #TryToKeepUp
And yet no one wants to condemn the blm movement when they burn neighborhoods down
Senator condemn BLM and ANTIFA for their violence n bigotry " pigs in a blanket fry em like bacon pigs need to die" where's your outrage?
I believe he already has!
Great statement Senator thank you for your vigilance. U c trump has made grossly inadequate response, another reason to remove him.
How about you stop breaking the law & do your job!  That comes straight from one of your of bosses!  ME!  U knew all= re: tarmac meeting!!!!
I am proud of your leadership. Proud you our my Senator.
Please get back to Washington and give the American people some normalcy. Our country turns its lonely eyes to you.  We need leaders now 
Senator, as a fellow San Francisco native,  PLEASE call out what they are: NAZI TERRORISTS. This is no time for diplomatic words.
And you and your fellow congressmen should do everything you can to get this amoral pathetic excuse out of the WH now. Thank u for all u do.
We are Pro police n DO NOT Condone that violence..DemoCRAP The party of HATE n Division..Where was all the Hoopla when ANTIFA n BLM Riots
DemoCRAP party
Condemn violent leftist acts like campus riots, bike lock bashing rifle baseball etc dominate political violence events / news.
ANOTHER SWAMP CREATURE !!!!!!!
Retire the country begs you
All these musts. He must this, he must that. BUT HE WON'T.
#AbsorbYourOwnRhetoric #ReturnSorosMonies  #ResignAndCrawlBackWhereYouCame #FreezeAllSorosAssets #IndictHRCLynchPodestaComeyDWS #AwanImplode
This is good. Will you hold your colleagues accountable and urge them to repudiate hatred and bigotry? Silence is culpability.
Amen and from your Twitter account to God's ears!
Only in your Left Wing America...right?
Then do something about it now!!  Tired of the lip service while innocent lives are at stake!!!  #25th for 45!!!
@nbcbayarea Senator Feinstein is rightfully condemning violence of both sides. @stopmediaspeculation  @POTUS Is using the correct language!
Senator Feinstein is rightfully condemning violence of both sides. #stopmediaspeculation  Our President Trump Is using the correct language!
Put reminders of Confederacy in a museum for those needing to see it.  The reminders of this heritage need not be public display.
@SenFeinstein, thank you for speaking the words that our President should have uttered. Here is his "fire and fury." Sickening.
Thank you, Senator.  Sad that there is even a need to make statements such as this in our country!
It would be nice if he did, but it's still empty, he'd have done it already if it mattered to him. His word means nothing.
.@SenFeinstein, Remember the Oklahoma bombing? Please call out these domestic terrorists before it happens again!
He won't he supports behavior and beliefs he is our worst nightmare to the end of democracy and compassion for others no respect get him out

thank you for your statement!
Look who is in Trumps inner circle... and we ask why
Where were your call for Obama to denounces Black Lives Matter. Your a leftist hypocrite pure and simple.
You mean like Obama did with inviting Black Lives Matter to the White House after they terrorized whole communities with violence?
How long do we have to live in fear of Trump and his
 racist supporters?

Are you paying attention?
This wasn't about "the right". Two fascist groups collided, just as SOMEONE had arranged. Has nothing to do w TRUMP or supporters! @POTUS
@PeteSagate
That probably won't happen since he is a supporter of hate and violence. Hell a white nationalist and a KKK grand  poo paas work in the WH
Thank you, Senator.
Funny how BLM violent acts are not condemed by you.
There are those who wish he would use his voice to Condemn  You as a waste of Office.
Freedom of speech.  Do you want to sencre that right. Or you believe in the 1st amendment
President condemns!
Yes!!  Condemn ALL acts of hate!!
obama never did.
All acts of hate should be scorned.   That said,  why haven't you scorned the repeated  violence committed by the Dems?
@SenFeinstein Has Trump done enough yet to be removed? Military AND civilians are dying at the hands of Trump's followers. Still not enough?
But it's okay for your little liberal democratic minions to protest right to free speech
Where was your concern when the liberal were rioting and destroying businessmen and injuring people and property?
He has.
You should be glad to know  our @POTUS did just that
Yo, Dianne: https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/896420822780444672 …
Does he have you blocked, or do you just not read his Tweets?
We ALL must be united & condemn all that hate stands for. There is no place for this kind of violence in America. Lets come together as one!
He's their leader, let's be honest until Bannon, Miller and Gorka are gone,Trump is the W Nat leader.
he didnt call them out, he blamed the innocent too and this is how the white supremacists read his statement, unconscionable!
The democrats denounce hate and bigotry but themselves use it as a tool to corrupt the minds of the people. Hypocrites, everyone of them!
Obama did not stop BLM he embraced it with his commie embrace. Do not lay this on Trump. The Dems encouraged this behavior. Berkeley duh.
I sure can say white supremacists Terrorism in America! RESIST
Potus denounced  this travesty
Acts of Terrorism. 1 dead so far, 35 injuerd. I am shocked! RESIST
and yet you never spoke up against BLM or ANTIFA????
"Violent acts by white nationalist terrorists have no place in America." There, I fixed it for you.
Tell the truth. The #Democrat party created & supported KKK, including DEMOCRAT HERO Sen. Robert Byrd. In Congress 1953-2010.
I have an idea: instead of being "concerned," why don't @SenateDems DO SOMETHING TO STOP THIS MADNESS!?! Jesus, what will it take?
Nazi and White Supremacist idealogy is not American ideology.
Name them.
Terrorist acts against fellow Americans is Treason.

Spit it out.
Why are you failing to mention ANITFA, the driver that killed someone today! When will you denounce this? So you are ok with this group?
Your leftist friends burned down Berkeley. You socialist!!!
So right Dianne but i don't think you will get Trump to condemn the white racist group!! He fueled them in his speeches & got their votes!
he did....
25th45th. He is unfit and a danger to the country.  Please do something.
Like father like son
He did not condemn white supremacy, because he is one of them. These are not Republican values. #impeach45
What Dianne LIKE OBAMA DID IN BALTIMORE, FERGUSON AND EVERYWHERE ELSE HE, SOROS AND HOLDER INSTIGATED RACIAL TURMOIL?
Well said
to many people this will fit with POTUS stmt re "violence on all sides. " why not call out neo-nazis by name?
You must be talking about Black Lives Matter right???
Very sad day in Va.sorry for one who died and all the people who were injured. Peace
Please Senator - No Pussyfooting! People with Nazi flags shouting Nazi slogans are Nazis. People who commit terrorist acts are terrorists!
Please call out white supremists and Nazis as domestic terrorists
Orrin Hatch statement.
He used his voice and once again he blew it insanely!  What can he say when his cabinet is made of the Alt-Right.Trump needs to go !ps
May I suggest our ever slow to act AG move with rapidity to vigorously prosecute. Must demonstrate zero tolerance for intolerance!
We cried out for Obama to condemn the extreme violence and destruction.Told us, let them express their anger.
It's time Senators & Congressmen to enact the 25th Amendment and get rid of #ToxicTrump!! Do your job!
He can't.   Classic definition of a dilemma. 
Senator, please take steps to end his reign.
Great tweet. You know he already spoke on this today. Why be disingenuous if you are serious? Oh, just playing tired politics. Nice!
Unlike Obama he did
Your message is great BUT who could imagine - DT would say violence "on many sides"?  The "President"is condoning racism.  IMPEACH & REMOVE
Supporting not just condoning.   He attached  CEO of Merck for taking stand against the whole situation
I call on all liberals to put down their cars. It's wrong. Trump won
he did
Well he didn't. Amendment 25.
PLEASE SENATORS, DO SOMETHING!!! You were elected to work for us and protect us! #charlottsville #ImpeachTrumpNow
Go back to your own time.
Please don't refer to trump as President in the future it demeans the Title of The Office...
THAT already happened 8 years ago when that Fuckwad Obama fooled the country then did it again 4 yrs later!
He didn't and he won't.  Nazis are who elected him.
Why isn't he tweeting like a wannabe tough guy like he does with NK. This, he's just sad?
I agree. It is just too bad Obama wouldn't use his voice to denounce hatred.
@POTUS must CONSISTENTLY use his voice & actions to unite & lead, NOT further divide. #DividedStatesOfTrump #ZeroLeadership #LeadDontLie
He did stupid so stop stirring the pot
Dianne you do know they are marching for him right?  Time to impeach yet?
Get OrangeSatan & his Coven OUT NOW gd dammit!! Enough talk.. do something!!!
Can you call it what it is though?
He is the creator of this environment!
2 late now. DT already use his voice 2 encourage it along the campaign trail & won. Now it's time 4 all of U in Washington 2 condemn DT
Most whites R not haters, they just want 2 be able to speak their minds and worship God in the freedom afforded to them in the constitution
He did.
Congressional leaders and representatives of the Senate and House must act to remove Trump & co in Washington and elsewhere in the US
2) It has anger many so called silent majority. Socialists try to silence anyone who differs N opinion by calling it evil. It infuriates ppl
@snoflakepersist #Resist
1)The president has condemned it senator. The real problem is the left socialist (fascists) that wants to silent any opposing view as evil.
With all due respect madam @SenFeinstein,what president are you talking about ?!This man in the WH IS A GANGSTER leading croup of gangsters
You are the gangster
Yet you were silent when your hate groups destroyed and maimed. Shameful.
Then do something! Impeach @realDonaldTrump NOW!
Trump did disavow and condemn. Posts like yours are part of the problem. Not a time for your continued political attacks.
The democrat party is fueling this violence, so don't play the innocent victim Sen  @SenFeinstein
Another delusional trumpster.  The dictator wannabe owns all of this since the day he took office. #WorstPresidentEver

All Trump could muster was the word "sad." How did this EVER happen? SMH?
Pointless to think @realDonaldTrump  will condemn these groups by name.  They are his base of supporters!  He's always embraced intolerance.
It's because Russia though...
That is what they want. They want us fighting in the streets. The federal and state authorities need to step in to stop these terrorists.
#WARNING
TRUMP CREATING / ENCOURAGING an armed insurrectionist movement in ATTEMPT TO HOLD POLITICIANS hostage to threat of civil violence.
Trump MUST be stopped.
HE BELIEVES THIS ALT-RIGHT MOVEMENT IS #KEY TO HIS OWN SELF-PRESERVATION.
Trump unprincipled / NOW THREAT TO USA
Do NOT UNDER-ESTIMATE his willingness to COLLAPSE THE WORLD ECONOMY / engage in Nuclear Conflict / set AMERICAN AGAINST AMERICAN.
#WARNING
Painted 10 ft x 3.5 ft #premonition in Dec. 2015.
Did not realize full significance of it at the time.
#Madmen
Next: #45TerrorizesTheWorld
WE THE PEOPLE have somewhat limited power to stop this madman.
WHEN WILL @SenateDems @SenateGOP @HouseDemocrats @HouseGOP SHOW LEADERSHIP??
Wow!  Please provide proof to backup your delusional rant!  
