Know that your partisan war on Trump&his team is a war on 40%+ of all Americans. You want to continue to rip this nation apart w/your deceit
Trump's attack on 60% of America's citizen is a crime that must be stopped! At ALL costs! He is a danger 2 the Constitution!#ImpeachTrump
In case you want to really know what your President is doing for you and me...
I saw nothing worthwhile. I see:killing hibernating beats,lead poison for eagles,coal sledge in rivers,ok on pesticides that kill children..
There is even a way to release energy w/o burning coal. I am with you on the lead poisoning and pesticides.
How does he explain an executive order allowing coal sledge to be dumped in rivers?How do you justify that?
That is NOT true. Where was your voice when our Government dumped the copper sludge into the river under Obama?They did it for xtra funds.
We the People support Trumps's agenda.Replacement of the ACA&taxcode,a balanced budget by the end of Summer,security,bureaucracy reform.
WE the (NON-treason-enabling) People sure as F*ck don't support #FAKEpotus, #GovermentofPUTIN agenda. Shameful!

@SenFeinstein
All the intel chiefs and Comey said there was no Trump collusion and no investigation of Trump...at last week's hearings. The Dems lied
LOL.Only in Breitbartland. 17 agencies (& NATO allies) have EVIDENCE of collusion;you'll see in charges & court.
Last week all intel chiefs and Comey testified there was no collusion and there was no investigation of Trump. It was all an Obama Lie.
Again, LOL. Only in Breitbartland. 

@SenFeinstein
Perhaps you&your colleagues could start working to improve the lives of the American people&stop your fanactical war on Trump&his voters.
As long as Trump is in charge, the people will continue to suffer: health care,economics,world status, massive environmental damage.
I pay $400 month with $3500 deductible. Who should I blame?
If Republicans don't replace the ACA we blame the Republicans.They have had 8 years to craft the replacement @LeaderMcConnell  @SpeakerRyan
The Dems created that sham and we will never forgive,but Republicans are in charge.The said theyd replace it.They better keep their promise
I find it disgusting that Dems continue to attack our President having found there was NO collusion,now you try to bring obstruction charges
There'll be obstruction and collusion charges before it's over! You're just witnessing the beginning! And more than Trump will go down!
At any rate it is Comey's word against Trump's. Either Comey is a cowardly unprincipled wimp or he is a dangerous naricissistic manipulator.
You've got it wrong. Deflection. Everything you say is true of Trump! The world knows it! Not just America!
excellent!   Starting with Loretta Lynch and Hillary Clinton, right?  And of course Susan Rice and Yates!    Good for you
Wasn't aware any of them were ruining, I mean running the country at the moment, but thx, so helpful.#whataboutism
Her post was about following up on any evidence of obstruction of justice.  Read Coney's words
No-usual Rep deflection.Those people not in power.Try to stay focused on the erosion of our democracy in the hands of a Russian puppet.
You're living in a fantasy.  Even with his whining Comey said there was no evidence of collusion.
He did not, he said he couldn't discuss it in open session.
Go back and listen to his whole testimony, not just the CNN sound bites
I watched it live, transcript available at wapo.
What happened when Lynch met Willie on tarmac while HRC was under FBI investigation?I know they chatted about grandkids & golf
Who cares? Live in the now, Joey. None of the people you mentioned are in office but Fuckface is in bed with Putin.
Absolutely, Lynch had no business meeting with Bill on tarmac, while his wife is under investigation.  Lynch then orders Comey 2 chge chrg
Investigate your own party then!
Wouldn't you like to balance the budget,craft a low cost,patient centered healthcare system&a simplified fair tax&reg code to create jobs?
Like she did when they had the chance for the last 8 years?
8 years?  When were Dems in power for 8 years?  Think back.  Who was running congress?
The comments were on obstruction by Lynch and HRC - the executive branch was 8 years
The comment you responded to was about legislative action. You said "she" Feinstein is not part of executive branch.
I think you should be investigated for dragging Mrs. Clinton through the damn mud.Resign or change parties, one or the other. You're no Dem.
The ONLY obstruction of justice is the Clinton-AG Lynch-Comey collusion. We need a special prosecutor outside of the DNC-Clinton swamp
You poor thing! 
Our prestigious senator from California is correct all obstruction of justice matters should be investigated & prosecuted. #TrumpRussia
I agree. Lynch should be a matter of national security and trailed
Thank you for your persistence and courage, Senator! I door-knocked in SF for you/Boxer in 92 and Pelosi when she first won House seat 87.
Thank you for admitting that you have been working hard to screw Americans out of their civil rights for decades
Loretta Lynch and Andrew McCabe MUST be investigated for #ObstructionOfJustice 

Lady Liberty CANNOT Dismiss these Crimes-MUST HAVE JUSTICE
I agree. But now is not the time to focus on the Bill Clinton/Loretta Lynch exchange. Trump and Russia are harming us now-it will get worse.
Glad you want @AGLynch investigated. Shsme we disagree on guns. I say all law abiding citizens should own guns & you say only rich like you
AG meeting privately in "accidental" encounter w/  spouse of someone under investigation by the FBI which became a "matter"
Thank you @SenFeinstein for standing up to Trump! But please don't let McConnell rams healthcare thru the Senate! Work on ACA!
We're appalled and horrified that Trump publicly defamed Jim Comey from his bully pulpit today - accused Comey of perjury! What's going on?
How about Lynch brow beating him into down playing investigation of HRC?  And Lynn obstructing?
Absolutely! Waiting on Justice to be served for Hillary's e-server, putting our Nat Security at risk, Obama Iran Ransom, #SETHRICHMURDER!
McConnell, Ryan, Issa, nunes, chaffetz, .... let's not be so openly biased by party. And let's start with most relevant, Trump, Pence.
I think you& Dems know that the collusion accusation was an excuse for Obama's use of FiSA to spy&unmask Trump World for political purposes.
You're just a Trump bot! You're not even a person I'm sure! So flake off!
Particularly #LorettaLynch in the "matter" vs "Investigation" scandal!
That should include DOJ Lynch tarmac meeting with Bill Clinton and and referring to an investigation as a matter. @ChuckGrassley
Except Lynch Comey. Its apples and oranges to what is going on now. Do you get diff bn asking comey to change a label vs stop investigation
on point, in order to extinguish all form of injustice.
So will u ask @AGLynch to be investigated for covering for @HillaryClinton and then act on it when it's proven?Don't waste our time
Congress loves to waste time on nothing.  This Senate hearing was a joke. Trump in not personally being investigated & you knew it going in.
There is no collusion no obstruction learn the constitution before you talk I really think you don't know what it says
It starting to sound like a snow job stop all the distraction Dianne. You need to get back to work or voted out. you are impeding democracy
Feinstein is Full of SHIT!
Dianne your so FOS! Investigate Lynch? Holder? Obama? Hillary, no you will not, cause they are your people. You belong in Prison with them!!
Keep persisting!  It's all there.
They should investigate this seditious conspiracy aimed at taking down a sitting president at all cost
Thank you!
Where's your press release on Loretta Lynch, Senator?
Yeah more bs hack can't obstruct bec legally a president can shut down an investigation or pardon so stop lying to ppl
You were spied on and went public then punished. Put down the dem BS and start being fair to all. Lynch needs to go to jail
Good, then include Obama, his IRS, his DOJ, including Loretta Lynch. Or, stop pretending you think there is any case against Trump.
YOU KNOW THERES NO OBSTRUCTION..JUST LIKE NO RUSSIA..STOP WASTEING OUR MONEY.GET WITH THE PRES...
And the obstruction of justice by Loretta Lynch. And the emails destroyed? Emailing Clinton to insecure server. Probably doesn't matter ?
Thank you for continuing to fight for the truth about Trump and to fight against ACHA!
Loretta Lynch and  Former FBI Director James Comey covered for Hillary Clinotn, calling the investigation "MATTER". 
#ObstructionOfJustice
I hope you investigate why Loretta Lynch demanded Comey To call  Hillary Clinton’s emails "Matter" NOT investigation.
Go home, an stay cooking cookies, you're not represent the authentic American soul
at this point, this committee should subpoena what they need
a question for Sessions would be...what does the word "recuse" mean to himhe omits/lies about things & is involved in Comey firing#resign
Have u lost ur god damned mind saying congress should go after Lynch/Clinton?  Do u 4get who pays ur salary? DEMOCRATS,UR job: Impeach Trump
When does the investigation into Loretta Lynch begin?
Perhaps you could prioritize the ones related to Russia, and then do Clinton?
Sadly you are putting a big blemish on your career  on the Democratic, 'CNN, witch hunt. Clinton investigation ,dropped where were you????
lol, you ignore the truth that there was no obstruction by @POTUS which was confirmed by Comey yet ignore the confirmed obstruction by Lynch
Will you investigate the obstruction of justice by Loretta Lynch and James Comey in the #ClintonEmail investigation?  You must!
Too much bogus investigation and never results CHARGES PLEASE
Please immediately #ResignSenFeinstein @SenFeinstein you are #OutOfTouch #AntiAmerican #AntiDemocracy for the sake of future generations!
So happy 2 u say tht When will L Lynch b asked 2 testify on her ordering Comey 2 change Hil's Investigtion  2 "a matter" Soon
played w/the President. He saw him again in person n talked to him on the phone 6 times. He wasnt too stunned was he? Wake up.U've been had!
from that conversation no told the Pres he could nt talk about it and leave the room. Plz ppl. You cant b so dumb u cant see the game he ...
you want to impeach the President because of a "feeling" he had. He even said it was just his "impression"! Yet he never recused himself...
#Obama #Hillary #LorettaLynch @AGLynch were the only ones that are #guilty of #ObstructionOfJustice this #FormerDemocrats says #LockEmUp
he wants to blackmail u or take u down just because he can? He said NO obstruction. He said NO collusion. He said NO investigation. And...
has been since day 1!l And you want an FBI Dir that illegally unmasks conversations and keep memos on you to hold over your head in case...
political plan to keep tabs on everything discussed w/the Pres(heresay)to bring him down when in case he got fired. Hes the "leaker" and ...
regarded a conversation w/the Pres of the US! And he knew it. How dumb is he to not know that and hes FBI Dir? It was all an elaborate ...
are so brainwashed you cant see the double standard. He leaked a classified memo which is illegal because it was while FBI Director and...
when she asked and refuse to do it? NO..he did it! But with Pres Trump OMG he was "stunned" and afraid and scared and concerned! You ppl...
seem to forget he took orders from AG Lynch to call HCs investigation a "matter" and not an investigation.Was his legal morals intact ...
...and in another breath tells you about HCs investigation? We found out why in this last hearing.There wasnt any on DJT! Plus you all ...
...Clinton investigation into here servers. One minute he says he tells he cant talk about ongoing investigations when it comes to DJT ..
All of you trolls here on the side of Feinstein better ask yourself why Comey in every hearing has failed to answer many ?s on the ...
How auguste & profound Senator.  Dems will bear huge cost grabbing govt by impeachment & rumor.  RNC stalling Obama palled in comparison.
Get to the Truth! #TheResistance
That is the mandate. Chair @ChuckGrassley & GOP members, DO YOUR JOB. Constitution sets up checks & balance. That means you must step up.
Comey obliged a request by Lynch to obsturct and impede the Hillary email investigation which will be reopened, Mueller will indict her.
Ms Feinstein, you seem to be a Voice of reason, and now that you have testimony under oath that Comey obliged a request to obstruct...indict
Did u forget your constant corruption? Do u belong to the #DementiaCrew with @NancyPelosi?
Or heres another incident that doesnt pass the smell test either! U are the corrupt politician
http://www.occupy.com/article/senator-feinstein-and-her-cronies-are-looting-us-post-office#sthash.H5Y2JWv3.dpbs …
You are the one that needs to be investigated! This was a total scam & u know it!
Thank you @SenFeinstein & @ChuckGrassley for showing leadership on this!
Thank you for taking this on. The entire committee should be wanting to investigate Obstruction question. #AmericaFirst #CountryBeforeParty
I completely agree and that should include the DNC and CNN involvement in impacting the election with Donna Brazile handing over questions.
There was nothing obstructed!Trump wasn't even being investigated!On the word of a man who rejected rule of law and leaked to the media?
He also undercutting our auto industry. How would you like being the party putting and collapsing the Car industry ?
Meanwhile Jerry brown is giving taxpayer funded technology to to the Chinese who are supplying Korea with missiles to Nuke California .
What about treason ? China cut of trade to South Korea so they can remove thaad which is putting 24000 soldiers at risk.
Thank you!! If trump and company are guilty or innocent, the people want to know! Thank you for doing your job
Yes let's investigate Fast & Furious , AG Lynch, HRC destroying e-mails Benghazi cover up all actual incidents not made up collusion. & more
Yes!  Stay with this. The people deserve answers.  Thank you
Didn't get the outcome u wanted, So you  continue the witch hunt.  What's next, dunking stools?  #Pathetic #CryBabies
If grassley comes along...let the healing begin in a bi partisan way
Maybe investigate all the Dems?  A year now with zero proof and you still waste tax dollars I hope you get voted out!
When GOP investigating Hillary's emails 8x, weren't they looking for her doing what Trump did w Flynn? Give classified info foreign gov?
thanks
Who cares what you believe #batsh!tcrazyoldloon
You should stop wasting your time and OUR MONEY on this OBVIOUS attempt to overthrow our duly elected president.  #TERMLIMITS  #ELITESSUCK
I am all for re- opening the Clinton email issue, with a special counsel. For the record are you for this or not, and why?
Thank you, Senator, for standing up for justice. It's vital to the survival of the US to know exactly what happened, and mete out punishment
I agree, as long as you call on Lynch to testify what she meant by the word "matter", why she met Clinton? What did they discuss?
When you talk about investigating HRC for high treason then we'll talk about obstruction of justice...
Who paid for the fake, Russian dossier? Who unmasked and leaked to the press?
How about investigating Comey 4 holding info on Trumps coms so he could "figure out what to do with it down the road". Like what, blackmail?
#HooverJr
Will that include investigating Loretta Lynch, Comey, Bill & Hillary Clinton for Obstruction of Justice?
As a CA resident I wonder if it's possible to support POTUS & spend OUR on citizens for a dramatic change
Yeah, let's just keep this nonsense going why don't we, 'cause we haven't had near enough BS from rumor-mongering Democrats to this point.
Good job! Keep this moving forward until the truth is known.
How about investigating a rigged primary in the USA and Ms. Brazzille rigging questions for HRC.  Your request appears hypocritical?
Obstruction is part it. We need to know about the president's ties to Russia. That is a huge national security matter.
@realDonaldTrump @seanhannity If you are referencing the ONLY obstruction-Lynch "directing" Comey to mischaracterize Clinton Matter-agreed!
Do you think a Democrat will never win again? Wait until the shoe is on the other foot. The precedent you are setting now will never go away
There was no obstruction. The Democrats are leading us down a path of no return because they can't face that they lost the election
My new hero!
Thank you for being such a good senator. Your constituent, Diana Bulgarelli.
We love you!
we are with you!
Thank u, Senator. This isn't about Trump winning, it's about an incompetent man abusing power and ruining this country!
investigation. Stop with the kangaroo courts and witch hunts. NO obstruction of justice here. Maybe time for you to retire......
complicit & nothing more than a political hack trying to deligitimize the POTUS who if he wanted to, constitutionally, can block any
admin illegally unmasking, conducting surveillance of a political rival & leaking classified info to the press. This is a CRIME. U are
I also hope that you'll call 4 an independent counsel 2 thoroughly investigate the connections between the Trump campaign & Russia. Thx!
the Russians, did NOT obstruct justice in any way. Comey has perjured himself AGAIN! Why not investigate the REAL crime, which was Obama
witch hunt. Again, the INTEL leaders told U all that there was no pressure but U just don't want to hear the truth. POTUS had no role with
Comey testified being fired were under surveilance including 300 that were brought to the US as muslim "refugees". DO YOUR JOB & stop the
How about doing your job like tax reform/cuts, help replace or fix Obamacare, security like the wall, ship all islamists terrorists that
Rogers & Coates said NO request or pressure to influence FBI. Are you DEAF? I listened to the hearing. NO OOJ here, move on & do UR work.
What Obama having @AGLynch tell the FBI to drop #HillaryClinton probe? #doublestandards
Thank you very much!
I agree
Thank you, Senator!
Instead of the witch hunt, might wanna get ur own house in order. But hey, none of my business.
Please do. The Russia probe (all things related) is distracting from the horrible deconstruction of our gov. - you must save our democracy.
You are lying, Senator. Prescient it was of @realDonaldTrump to tweet about "tapes." Kept Comey honest, related Trump's EXACT words.
So True!  Has anyone contacted former AG Lynch about her obstruction of justice in the Clinton email scandal?
What about Eric Holder's refusal to testify during fast and furious scandal?
So what you are saying is that you are good with susan rice being investigated for felony leaking of classified material?
Including AG Lynch?
Thank you for your tenacity! Don't stop! Implore your colleagues to insist on exposing the truth about obstruction and abuse of power.
Does this include Loretta Lynch, James Comey, Hillary and Bill Clinton, Barack Obama, Huma Abedin, Susan Rice, and all leakers?
Broad statement. There would be endless questions from you and the Dems.
Yes indeed!
Comey deleted memos....where is your rage and tweet on that you talking head? @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @realDonaldTrump
Absolutely. The Trump/Kushner Crime Family. The Emperor has no clothes.
Even when it's discovered AG Lynch interfered with Clinton email investigation?
And I'm sure that would include Loretta Lynch and her obstruction of justice, too! Now that is OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE!
I'm proud to call you and @SenKamalaHarris my Senators. Clearly there is collusion & treason in the White House. #ImpeachTrump #Russiagate
I've never seen so much hatred from the dems we will put more Republicans in office come 2018 maybe then the Dems will get smart
There is no reason to continue this there is no evidence. American people see what the Dems are trying to do can't wait until 2018 vote
Thank you! 
democrats are going down,you are corrupt,evil and lairs, president Trump is cleared let's get on with doing your job GOD BLESS AMERICA
Ask Sessions how many times he meet with the ambassadors of other countries during the transition.
Middle American is not interested in Dems games/Comey. Do your job! Focus on healthcare/tax reform/security!
How the hell did they get out of the country ? I don't know theft unsually gets you arrested .
There is no obstruction the only obstruction senile old women is wasserman Shultz who threaten Capitol,police

@SenFeinstein @SenSanders #UN ~ In my perspective, the willful acts of intimidation and perverse behaviors that harassed the smooth
THANK YOU for being a Lioness in the Senate, protecting the American people and defending the Constitution!Love and Gd bls
Someone should request a polygraph test for Trump. #Impeachment
TOTALLY support you on this issue;get 45 to swear under oath that Comey lied & stop 45's nonsence about tapes or no tapes; not a game show
name who u think be investigated.
Take him out dear - he's a menace. Just got back from Paris - embarassing to be an American in Europe - they know.
That includes financials of a POTUS who is fighting tooth and nail, calling our INTEL fake;siding w Russia's nearly treason! Follow his $$$.
How can you obstruct an investigation when you are the one person with the knowledge the investigation is fake?
Drop this already. President Trump did not collude w/Russian so u r trying a different path. Stop, just stop and get back to governing.
How can (is it possible for) a President, who has the authority to start/stop an investigation and, pardon "obstruct" justice?
