Speaking of wildfires, have you seen the evidence of collusion in Trump Jr emails!!!  
When are the Feds going to investigate you and your husband for land purchase fraud like Mrs. Bernie?
It's true, we've already seen evidence of this. Thank you for all you do. I am so happy and proud to live in California.
Paris Accord did little to nothing for climate and redistributed American dollars to an unacceptable extent.
I'm Canadian, at this moment in hotel in northern BC because my whole city is on evacuation alert. Many of us have lost our homes. It's real
We have ALWAYS had fires in California
Not so impossible for the idiot Trump.
The evidence has been possible to ignore since the 80s, that's why we get Iraq & Bush rather than a progressive climate agenda & Gore
GOP dont recognize facts-in anything. Need to shove them into reality by #resist and voting them out. Their new reality in 2018.
I'm worried about 3 major earthquakes that just happened couple hrs ago We have no office or plan in place for natural disaster
Too late. All those tree hugger groups you support prevented the forestry service from thining the under growth. Fires will be bad-it's on U
Hey Dianne why don't you worry about North Korea who threatens to Nuke the West Coast 
It's a more imminent threat 
#justsaying
Become a firefighter and leave the senate to a younger smarter person
Can we impeach Pruitt and Perry, the Tweedledum and Tweedledee of the anti-reality, anti-science division?
And Zinke, while we're at it.
There's always been wildfires. But she's talking about worsening wildfires because of man-induced global warming. Read B4 u write.
2 years ago she said the drought was caused by climate change...now Cali has more water than can handle and are dumping it into the ocean
dONNIE CLAIM'S GLOBAL WARMING IS A HOAX, MORE COAL let's go backward's!
Drop coal on fires = free heating !  /s
#bringbackobama #impeachtrump
just like it was expected to spawn more hurricanes ?  How'd that work out?
Building and not letting fires burn for 50 years,  poor Democratic conservation gives us bigger fires
Trump is "Climate Change" creating havoc in the world
EXCLUSIVE: Study Finds Temperature Adjustments Account For ‘Nearly All Of The Warming’ In Climate Data http://dailycaller.com/2017/07/05/exclusive-study-finds-temperature-adjustments-account-for-nearly-all-of-the-warming-in-climate-data/?utm_source=site-share …  @dailycaller
They'll say it's #fakenews until a trump hotel or golf course goes up in flames.
If 97% of medical specialists advised that you had a certain illness you would act asap- Trump & deniers ignore 97% of scientists on climate
We need a brand new solution for fire!
Wrong. I serve a GOD that is in control. Climate change is not causing fires. Nature, MAN and on purpose.
Oh come on stop your drama we have always have fires!
Climate change has existed since day one. Where I live we have 4 seasons and the climate can change in 15 minutes. Learn the difference!!
More lies
Climate change has been happening as long as there's been a climate.
We humans didn't make it start changing. Probably God did
Junk  Science.....Come to the northeast!
How will we ever control the expanding Ice Caps under these Global Warming conditions?  LOL
Nooooooooooo
Bad forestry management are the cause of your wildfires.
People on the Intel Committee- should not start sentences with, "The evidence is impossible to ignore..."
Why don't You focus your cause to, Homes & food for Veterans!
Science already proved earth can only be cooled 2 degrees in 60-100 yrs. Focus on the NOW!
Thank you for continuing to fight against those with their heads in the sand.

Just in time to visit daddy Putin. @realDonaldTrump why aren't you doing anything about #NorthKorea and how he's a danger to the USA. WEAK! https://twitter.com/AP/status/882695199885074434 …
Work on CA not dividing itself from the rest of the country! 8 states and counting on CA's travel ban!
Take a nap, Dianne!
And you know this how? Your ability to forecast the future is guess work at best
The evidence is compelling: temperatures and wildfires in the US are increasing.
Wildfires have occurred since time began. Lightning starts most..dumb libtards start the rest...over population is the biggest factor
One would hope the action taken against forest fires is supported by knowledge about Forest Succession & management for long term survival.
LIAR!
So you're so arrogant you're going to try to scare us with God's will
Looky here!
If you want to stop climate change just go inside! It does the same as wasting $ and meetings but you'll feel like your involved.
I have a vivid imagination and that visual still haunts me. 
OMG. And in CA, that's devastating news. Over a decade ago, a friend of a friend died in wildfire w/her horse while trying to rescue horse.
You are kidding right?
So pathetic that so many won't take the time to understand natural change v. accelerated industrial-driven change.
Climate Change Happens. Has since the beginning of time.
Ya but this time it's George Bushs fault and also Jesus.
LOL
That's nature. That's why we don't have any 3 billion year old trees
No, mismanagement of federal lands means bigger, more dangerous wildfires...
Hogwash .... sad you're such a drone.
More wildfires, droughts, floods, mosquitos, ticks, disease. This is "An Inconvenient Truth". The planet cannot afford inaction and debate.
Yep, summer means bigger and more dangerous wildfires. We have a scientific solution. It will take about four months to implement.
George I sincerely hope no one you know is affected by wild fires this season. It is not a laughing matter.
Hogwash.
Shame on Prez Trump for withdrawing the Paris Accord! 
You've got 20 Trillion in debt, 50+million in food stamps, 50+ million unemployed, Obuma 1st Prez 2not have 2% GDP...smh
#impeach45 #potus
Just make sure you are preparing for the right climate change. Sun is going into a 400 yr solar cycle grand minimum. Sun beats CO2
Not true. Solar variation is tiny in comparison to the greenhouse effect.
Not true. Look at long range historical data, namely the Maunder and Dalton minimums. There are many factors in play. Ignore me if you want.
Poor forest management... Been going on for years
