This isn't the 1920s. Stop treating women as if they are victims. That's the first step in empowerment.
Like this women of God who fed the hungry with God's word, food and clothing and began a movement when they were frowned upon as leaders.
.God never intended women to lead men. Women are to be teachers not leaders. Christians that don't believe this are ignoring scripture
I'm not… I voted for our great President Trump and was successful! Go back in your hole and wait for your agenda to appear in Mexico
#WomensEqualityDay #MarchForWomen folk should question why the #POTUS is a perv & why this is the Attorney General .
Women, yes.  You?  NO.   NO commitments to you lady.  You're horrible & should retire w/riches you've stolen from us.  #NOTNORMAL  #goaway
You mean like when they become senators?
.WOMEN ARE NOT HELD BACK BY ANY1 BUT OWN ACTIONS! Its ridiculous to make excuses for them All have opportunity some have to work harder
REcommit? Let's make sure everyone commits first.
What do you  think  about  a  Democrat  and  a  republican  running  on  the  same  Ticket?  They  would  have  to  compromise!
Be better than all this hatred and divisiveness! Hate what left and right are doing to this country!
8 years of calling me racist everytime i disagreed with Obama did more damage than you know.  
Of course. PC has ruled for too long. Taking offense became a fad of sorts, too often used and abused. And it (PC) still rules many.
You said it. cant even say America first without criticisms
Well, that cute basset hound looks comforting! America First!
Thanks! my 2 boys play hard with him so he loves people and is in great shape.
Ivanka Trump has backed her father's plans to scrap Obama-era equal pay measures
Yeah listen to the ol hag
The WM Linda Sarsour is a terrorist no American wants what she hopes to turn this country into, terrorist free on the streets
So if this is true. How the heck would you say Trump can be good when he looks at women as tools? The man is disgusting
I am so deeply disappointed in your "hopeful" statement for the Tru*p presidency. He is as mysogynistic as they come.
Now , I am grateful for her comments - agree to disagree
Yet 45 undid 44's protections for women- patience you say!
YOU REALLY NEED TO ADDRESS YOUR STATEMENTS TO THE MUSLIMS THAT BEAT THEIR FEMALES DOWN WITH SHARIA LAW
The only thing holding women back is their lack of tenacity and drive
Why ?
We need the importance of ratifying #EqualRightsAmend front & center of the conversation. Women don't have a legal framework for equality
They aren't held back you dummy.
Explain how they are held back?

I'M A $30,000 PAST DONER;  CONSTITUENT; & OUTRAGED THAT YOUR NOT SPEAKING OUT ABOUT ANTIFA OR RESPONDING TO EMAIL 

https://twitter.com/AtomasVictory/status/878641995681378306 …
Refund?
Lol - Indeed !
do you include yourself as a victim, Senator??  Shame on you, shame on this movement.
Well said. #womenpower
They aren't are they if they are qualified. Some of your state's tech businesses are/were run by women. GM an IBM. Stop blowing smoke
How about everybody having the opportunity of pursuing their dreams ? Just where did you stand on outsourcing those opportunities?
Trying to implement sharia law. Yes you are for women
The greatest danger to all Americans is the Democratic Party. Trying to divide our country using all resources. Race, sex and our children
Why don't all the women from both parties 'do lunch' and figure out how to #DumpTrump?  You know you can!
Oh! Yes! The American women are in bondage? So how come more women are graduating from college than males?
Does that include the Trump women too?
How come the women (WED) don't  speak out for the women in Iran, Iraq, China, etc. Were they don't  have rights. They can't  vote, drive etc
Doesn't fit their socialist agenda!
That is for sur.
I thought you were long dead!!!? You look like you were!!!
Since when did women start getting held back from achieving their dreams?
They're not. Its not 1950. The only one holding back oneself is oneself.
What solutions do you propose? #equality #equalpay
And Term Limits on U T-Rex's
They're not.  You're a liar.
At least not until the Democrats allow enough Muslims in to subjugate all women!
You want equality for everyone but Americans!
yes i agree but we need to review #affirmativeaction
On this #WomenEqualityDay let's not forget our dreamers. Among these intelligent young people are some of our strongest woman.#DACA #power
Oh please...
This women is a greedy idiot!
You Fight a valiant fight yet Evil persists in this world! Never Give In , Never Give Up
I think you mean the middle east/Saudi Arabia. Women are free to do whatever they want here and can even keep their clits if they want to.
There not. Get over it
it's difficult to remain positive. trump & @GOP will suppress & punish. &they've enough crazy ppl, plus what Putin would send.
I am 100% in agreement with you on #WomensEqualityDay .
Just like you were held back, over and over again in elections? Riiiiiiiigght. Pander more.
Can start by ending liberal brainwashing in schools and colleges. Just a tip.
My Hero !!!  
says a female with government power
And an elderly one.
I don't believe it's fair or intellectually honest to suggest young women are being held back from achieving their dreams in America today.
No one cares about "beliefs" while people are in "fact" living it
@The_bin_Ali_S
Stop being sexist .How about we recommitt ourselves to a society where everyone isn't held back from their dreams.
Especially black women because u c their color on interviews
Spread the myth
The only thing holding women back, are themselves.
Who is holding women back in America?  Or, is this about those Sharia places.
There's  not! My wife is the Head Medical Dosimetrist  for Henry Ford Hospital. She put in the hard work & it pays off!
they aren't
Should be a week long and greater movement to achieving such
Who is holding them back?
Where does tacit, if not open Democratic support of Sharia Law & genital mutilation fit into this narrative.
We already are twitney.
Hey Dianne ,the Justice  dept shoulf be commited  go INVESTAGATEING  u & Richard  for ur over 30 years of sleazy  real esate deals w/ PRC
We aren't, not in this country. Send this message to women under Islamic oppression. Girls in Islamic countries are the ones held back
Especially have as many abortions as possible to help fund Planned Parenthood!
IN A SOCIETY AS COMPLEX AND DIVERSIFIED AS OURS ,!SUCCESS IS MEASURED NOT BY ONE !BUT BY THE MAJORITY AS WHOLE!
Us not so young women would also like to close the pay gap.
It was closed in 1963. Shut up and do something useful with your time.
What DACA is jeopardy?! Could this be more cruel? @POTUS is responsible to protect all citizens this is not a game he can't pick and chose!
They are not. They are victims of democrat politics
Women's ED was announced amidst the bigoted decision about Arpaio and banning trans people from serving their country. A slap in the face.
And corrupt old insider trading lying hags like you are put away in prison for life.
Something's amiss. It is also natl. Dog day.
How are young women "held" back from achieving dreams?  Serious? I see many women achieving great success things,
I dream of a large meadow with pink ponies & trees with lollipops  instead of leaves. I'd like two extra puppies that are potty  trained.
Libatard land!!!
What woman is held back in America? You are only held back by your lack of vision and determination.
All women not just the young!
Old men are discriminated against as well.
@realDonaldTrump Nor, grabbed by the pussy, uninvitedly, by ANYONE, especially  racist, sexist, xenophobic wanna be potus's
Yes as long as they believe in abortion otherwise you won't accept them
. @SenFeinstein has to be called out for her constant separation of us all. Time for #AmericansForUnity and expose her political scheme.
I don't know where you live but where I live women can achieve what they set out to and aren't held back by anyone but their own limitations
Then ONLY thing that holds back women is other women
Always!
Shore up Your Glass House talk to your favorite colleague Elizabeth Warren about how she treats the women that work for her

Start at home. Eliminate domestic violence.
Start at home. Eliminate domestic servants.
Give an example on how they are being held back.
Totally agree e.g.,  ivanka trump has worked hard to provide excellent opportunities/Women have made incredible gains but need more in stem
Right. Her family leave proposal is for those that make over  $100,000/year. A real woman for the people.
             $$$$sarcasm$$$$
Begging you and @SenWarren to work on ending this national nightmare. Two of the strongest women in US can set this in motion. We will help.
Hillary was "the most qualified person to ever run for high office." (Obama). Funny you call Sen. Pocahontas strong when she had to lie...
...about her heritage to get a diversity hire at a University. Lolol.
I have a every right that a man has already Senator.. Quit making me look like a victim
If you work at it you succeed I agree
So retire and let someone who wants to work for the people rather than personal enrichment take over your mantle. You had your day it's up.






They aren't held back

On women equality day. can we remember Reality Winner who is locked away - jailed in Augusta, GA for her bravery @ the Russian Hack. Help
R U KIDDIING WITH THIS ADMIN?

And being raped and assaulted by bill Clinton
Who is holding them back??

Dream on

Were you doing that in 1924? Are you proud of the Democrats history? Are you?

We have such a society. Where are you living? Is dementia starting to set in hon? Maybe retire?!


...and if Trump is not impeached, has 8 years, this impedes you how? The women's movement is weak if you can't attain your dreams bc 1 man.
I'm going home to Canada. Texans rude during Harvey. Dad didn't fight Nazis for this. Been called a DEFECTER by both parties. Commi land now
Maybe you and your hubby should donate that money you got from your influence as a senator! You know those lucrative post office buildings!
Who is it holding back women? Honest question.
Seriously this is your tweet today- Trump is systemically destroying our country - Pardoning sadist firing military heroes supporting Nazis
Americans are being denied their right to vote DOJ is attacking every minority they can Nazis march with guns in militias. Take a stand!
You been Sen. for how long? If you can't correct it, maybe not meant here?
Or gays,trans, minorities etc...from achieving their goals!
10 points to the White Knights! (Hogwarts' least favorite House)
We only have one dream right now: #ImpeachTrump
Sad
All women are saying this?
