Adios illegals

You know they're Catholic, right? Sure you want them here - they might become judges...
I'm Catholic but I still believe in the rule of law FIRST!
https://twitter.com/trumpsblonde/status/907707736036659202 …
So I see you have no tears for those in Florida… How typical of the alt left and their agenda

Here's a new idea, how about helping that don't break the laws? #sickoflibs
Diane, I tweeted on Releasethememo and I am not Russian. I think You need to answer the question why an unconfirmed Dossier was used by the FBI for a warrant. Since the Democrats paid for it why was it not reported to the Judge in the application ? You are for law and order?
Are they. Catholic?
Since you let fraud rule, including Mueller who trashed FBI on AQ so 911 fucks us, somebody has to GO!  You invited Mexico, to a RIOT.
Dianne Feinstein is anti Catholic
Thank you for doing the right thing Ms Feinstein. Good ppl. Across the nation sent to countries, that they fled for the American dream.
They fled no war, just didn't care about the laws and came here illegally. My family came legally, they didn't break the law.#illegalAliens
Yes please bring them back, Maria is a cancer nurse for goodness sake, it made absolutely no sense to deport her!
But they need oncology nurses in Mexico.  Who are we to deny them quality care?
WHY DO YOU HATE CATHOLICS??
Your heart breaks for illegals, but not for citizens.  Got it.
Bye bye cant wait till u go to
@Haleaziz It is sad, but actions have consequences. What message is sent when we pick and choose when laws are enforced?
Still think @realDonaldTrump can be a good president?
I guess you're getting deported too Johnnie. Because apparently you're a Dreamer too  What will you do when Trump gets impeached?
Now your the one dreaming. Didnt you hear the headlines yesterday? Still in denial?
Since 8 Nov? This is America Johnnie not France..
Now, what will you do when Trump gets impeached???
You're about as military as Trump JR. What was your position soldier? Short order cook? 
What will you do when Trump gets impeached pal!?
How many illegal immigrants live on your steet senator
Is your job to work for AMERICANS or ILLEGALS
Since she was here illegally, why didn't you spend your time helping her become legal citizen? You need to go! Old corrupt democrat.
If you thought rationally,you would ask why the Sanchez-Mendoza family didn't bother getting citizenship over these decades of being illegal
So sad can't help but get mad 
They must deported. Law breakers not wanted
It's okay, for all you know they were Catholic, and the dogma in THEM might be downright NOISY.
So you don't want legal Catholics as judges but you want illegal criminal Catholics as citizens. Way to go hypocrite! Now we know YOU!
Ok but after that start looking out for American citizens that elected you.
She don't care she just wants her housemaid back give her job to an American who actually deserves it!
If you legitimately cared you and your cohorts would have done something while you had a super majority.  #hypocrite
Were you heartbroken by Kate Steinle's murder in your sanctuary city? The great place I once called home.
Wondering if any congressmen/woman ever met Kate's parents. If not, this story is disgusting.
Did you ask if she was a practicing Catholic before decoding to embrace or not, as U did in Judiciary hearing? No place 4 sectarianism n US!
No!
Will you unite with Dems & maybe some GOP 2 protect immigrants, esp. young ones, who've been here a long time, & want 2 contribute 2 USA?
That is so sad Dianne & i hope you can help them!!
Hopefully you represent all Californians Last 23 months.I've been asking for help with Federal Gov sent your office Fax today and IG at DOJ
But she's Catholic you old 
God bless you!!!!
This is just posturing on your part Senator. @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @JerryBrownGov
Hi Di, I was heartbroken by your obvious prejudice toward Catholics. You see, missy we're paying attention.
Go Live with them we don't need you, please
Me too, because I live the dogma loudly.
Get them out of here!!!!
We can go to the moon, drive cars with no gas. Yet we can't love thy neighbor?
http://www.latimes.com/business/hiltzik/la-fi-hiltzik-uc-visas-20170108-story.html ….
What about the american jobs lost at UC due to visa loophole ? did you help  ?
We are spending American tax dollars to fire Americans and replace them with citizens from other countries. Not good.
Bet her heart never broke over that.
will you introduce bill to get the 250 jobs back at S Cal Edison , Disney  back  for families who lost it to H1-B ?
WHO do you think YOU ARE ATTACKING A Fed Judge Nominee for THEIR FAITH...would you do the SAME TO A MUSLIM????? GET OUT of our SENATE
I don't know Senator, it appears that the Dogma lives loudly in this family
you beat me to it brother...
You should introduce a bill & follow the legislative process with a new bill & stop depending on a executive order for unpopular issues!
How does the hospital get away with hiring illegal aliens
Their family can be reunited.  In Mexico.
thank you for trying, senator
6 months get to work Feinstein !!
A special bill just for illegals. How nice. You & Kamala love your illegals & criminals. What are you doing 4 the voters who elected you?
Thank you Senator Feinstein for you compassion and care.
Your open hatred of immigration law & Catholicism is stunning.
Many are behind you w this. Thanks.
There was no reason she didn't apply for citizenship
Is Someone making money off these terrible tragedies?  Is property confiscated? Bank accounts ceased? Houses sold cheap to investors? $$$
Was this a "good president" who did this Senator? Please say it strongly, this is NOT a good president and never will be.
PLEASE IMPEACH him
But you said give trump a chance? You knew this was happening at that time. Can't have it both ways
You're not heartbroken for everyone else in Mexico with the same needs??  Protest & Demand Mexico invest in their education and culture!
I Empathize as well for this woman also for her family, being torn apart; @SenFeinstein of SF, California
Why are you heartbroken please explain
If they were not legal then who's SS numbers were they paying into?
Really one family.  Ou care more illegal families than American families. Disgusting
How many microseconds did the heartbreak last?   Can they not reunite in their home country, or has the US barred Dreamers from LEAVING?
Worry about the citizens of your state and making there lives better FIRST
She is a United States Senator not a California Senator.
Voted for by WHO? Illegals? Or Americans? Nice try. She is BLASTING aid for ILLEGALS, that her master OBAMA MADE illegal! Not AMERICANS 1st!
Then WHY didn't you help them become CITIZENS
You spent 20 million on Tahoe trout. Now this, not a problem but what have you done for hard working taxpayers? Accountability needed now!
Not Trump's immigration policy but the law of the land. Which, by the way, you took an oath to uphold. In case you forgot.
@FLOTUS needs to show her 'Green Card' to prove she's here legally, @ICEgov needs to investigate! #resist #TheResistance @funder @CNN
SENATOR WE MUST HELP ALL THOSE POSSIBLE !UNTIL WE FIX THIS PROBLEM!
Feinstein is fighting for non citizens over her own countrymen. Disgusting!
Great that's one out of 799,999 but so glad the senator could make a difference.

Democrats=Republicans
if she is illegal how did she become a nurse and who paid for it, that what i would like to know can you help
Yes how did she get her license ? I do not get it .. what was the basis of her deportation
Will you be introducing any legislation to help African AMERICANS while ILLEGAL immigrants take their jobs?  Or your plan to keep them poor?

@NancyPelosi  come on Dianne don't become like Nancy - a 2x4 could do a better job than her
Daca Shame! They are all insane! It is bad for US economy. It is a racist, immoral act by a racist group of white men!!!
Bills for individual illegals?  If only homeless and struggling working Americans could get this attention.

Try supporting legal immigration not illegal.

I wish you took the same initiative to stop police brutality and victims like Tamir Rice who was a dreamer too.
I really like and admire you. ⚘
You don't get to 500 million friends w/o some of them being Russian...
MUST WATCH - This needs to go VIRAL
Propaganda War: FB, Twitter, Russia, the GOP & Trump. Watch & Read the Thread.
