perhaps if you tell your fellow Dems to tone down the hyperbole
(seriously, theyre ruining all discussion)
we could have *that discussion
It’s called common sense. Remember when our leaders used it, instead of relying on Charity from the NRA!
john
did'ja bother to read my tweet
i specifically said "tone it down so we *CAN* have that discussion"
your 'crisis&conflict' skills = suck
Here’s a mission for ya FSG, if you accept it? Find the idiots in the Gov’t that allowed Bumper Stocks to be sold!
theyre in the obama admins ATF
2010 ATF said bumpstocks are superduper okelydokely 
now.., shoo!, fly
Since I was reminded today by a fly, THANK YOU MY BROTHERS & SISTERS FOR ALL YOU DO! SEMPER FI ! 
john
i dont believe youre a marine
maybe daddy was
but youre not

i dont believe you have any crisis mngt skills at all

youre a child

shoo
A real man won’t argue with a coward that hides behind a phone. You have wasted enough of my attention loser!
If the limp dicks who are propped up by the NRA had any guts they would support legislation to ban all private ownership of firearms.
And dismantle the NRA.  It is no longer just about hunting wildlife.
The 2nd Amendment is not about hunting, private owner is a fundamental right.  LA abiding citizens should have a right to protect themselves
No private individual, law abiding or otherwise, should have any right to own a gun.  It’s time to repeal that amendment.
Go for it, get 2/3 in both houses and have 2/3 of states ratify.  Best of luck with that!
Other countries have banned private ownership of guns.  No reason why we can’t man up and do the same.
Like I said Go For It.  I doubt there will ever be the political support to repeal the 2nd Amendment.
Not with the nitwits in the NRA propping up most of Congress AND the man in the WH.
Automatic weapons didn't exist when the 2nd Amendment was written. All guns owners are entitled to the weapons of that time not AK 47s etc.
Automobiles didnt exists either, so you are cool banning those too since many people die related to automobile accidents. #Horsew4All
Are mass murders considered ACCIDENTS by you? Are you that moronic to compare car accidents to intential murders my maniacs with an OOZI?
And that doesn't even include people who are killed by people who text while driving.
You must be one of the WARMONGERS who owns how many automatic guns. Such A moron thinking accidents are worse than intentional murders>
I don't think Driving Under the Influence resulting in death of another human being is an accident, it is murder and intentional.
We have an absolute right to know who is stockpiling military style weapons in our communities. We have lost our collective minds.
AMEN
Exactly, 2nd amendment was in the musket era.  But automatics aren't for hunting. They're designed to kill, period. The @NRA can sit down.
There should be away to tell if someone is going around buying a bunch of guns and ammo. Tip off the authorities to check him out!
I wish there really was agreement that automatic weapons should be illegal
Uh, automatic weapons are illegal for civilians to own.
Another liberal piece of crap trying to take away the 2nd amendment and our gun's!
Agreement by whom???????
What about those SMARTER than you who have the knowledge and ability to make something on their own?
Very logical to me!!
AMEN you got that so right
Ahem...bullshit all a weapons should be legal. if our military has it we should be allowed to own. 2A is to protect me from tyrants like you
Make it happen Diane
the seditious NRA promotes amassing murderous guns. DO SOMETHING. US is becoming a killing field. The 1st Ammendment has to mean something
Our government only cares about $. The NRA pays them millions so gun laws stay the same or easier. Our lives are worth less than a bullet.
It's funny that you say to stop the overreach of government, but they also want to control who people marry and women's bodies. Hypocrites.
Yeah, that would stop mass shootings. That's how we stopped people from using heroine and cocaine, right, Dianne?
The Obama administration approved the bump stock
Auto Weapons like that are for our military, you don't wear the uniform, get a hunting rifle.
You go!!! Amen!!
WASTE OF TIME. CRIMINALS WON'T OBEY. WHEN WILL YOU GET IT? First & foremost, it is against the law to kill people...

Dear Senator, in DC, agreement does not a law make. Especially with the vast NRA funding of Congressional Republicans. Best of luck Senator.
Donations should be limited to $1000.00 a lifetime.
NO THERE ISN’T. Owners of “automatic weapons” are licensed tax stamp paying lawful citizens! The Feds KNOW each and every one of them. NO BS
Because one mad man goes bizark now you pols who have not done anything for us. Now u want to take security from  Families
And manufacturing them should also be illegal.
The 2nd amendment shouldn't enable a culture unconcerned with the slaughtering of its citizens. The founding fathers' souls weep for us.
& its simply because the NRA tells the same Trumpers up n the hills that “Dems are coming for their weapons” they spread falsehoods all over
Finally you said something smart. You should register as a NRA member and a republican. Come away from the dark side.
Automatic Weapons already are illegal - Time for you to retire as a law maker when you don't even know what the law is
Why did u and your leftist Democrats allow it to be approved into law by your God Obama in 2010 u guys had majority.your what makes gov 
We shouldn't have to be someone's last target practice!
I'm happy that Sen. Feinstein believes there's agreement that automatic weapons should be illegal but I haven't seen a single GOP say so.
she's all talk. She never saw a war or weapons system she didn't like
You obviously do not know @SenFeinstein . She makes excellent decisions. I lived in the Bay Area for 20 years, off and on. I trust her 99%.
And how much is she paying you?
I will never agree with the rich person who has armed bodyguards taking away my gun rights.
Nobody is taking away your gun rights. Just stay within reason.
Hahaha. Read the fine print. It's going to have s*** in there.
But because we have money in politics, we don't live in a democracy anymore
We never lived in a Democracy, it is a Constitutional Republic.
And they are supposed to represent us, and they're not
No argument from me in that front.  With that said, Trump voters are being represented by Trump. He is doing what he promised.
Well, trump is an outlier in the system, once he leaves it will only probably get worse. We had our chance at change and we blew it
"We"?  What chance at change?  Obama was a Corporatists in an appealing package, he was no different than establishment Democrats.
Personally I was talking about bernie. I agree with everything you say about obama
I don't want Bernie's type of change. Good on paper but not financially feasible.  I don't want US to become Venezuela.
Forget the illegal guns.  Lets fight for the immigrants in this country!!
Should never have passed ATF  THATS WHO TO BLAME.
The ATF already has the authority to ban things such as bump stocks. As usual we don’t need more laws just a competent government agency
I think most sane Americans would agree. Including the military.
Military’s smart enough to ban automatic rifles.They can only do three rounds at a time,said anything more isn’t abt target but mass killing
Military hasn’t banned automatic rifles we just know how to use them through rigorous training and discipline. But civilian ownership? NO!
I totally agree. Military training and assault weapons are a good match. Civilians don't need automatic weapons.
Let's get to the root of the problem with a quick fix. Pass a law that no liberals can have weapons. That ends the killing.
Agreed.
Common sense is really a great thing...NRA
There's also agreement that ur an anachronistic has been, but I don't see u doing anything about it...
Weapons that can be easily modified should be illegal.
Why did Obama approve the bump stocks?  He has blood on his hands!
Then you and Obama should not have legalized them a few years back. Maybe?
That long memory of yours include when Feinstein introduced AWB 2013 to ban them & high cap mags? EVERY SINGLE REPUBLICAN BUT KIRK #VOTEDNO
62% Americans supported banning magazines that held 10 or more rounds at a time roughly 50% of households owned guns. Yet #NRA #GOP blocked
Gee I wonder WHY $$. Gun ownership fell to 36% June 2016. Of the est. 265 million guns 133 million are owned by 3% WHY ARE WE CATERING to 3%
The #NRA is not gaining new support. They thrive on stirring up existing owners with hysteria. Declining ownership, time is now #GunControl
Who the hell needs a machine gun to go deer hunting? I'LL take a single shot and do the same job!
support hr669
Agreement, I think you need to look at Webster's.  The public is divided on this subject sister
Automatics have been illegal since 86
You all need to take a gun class before you can speak on the subject with some knowledge.  Criminals will get the guns they want
Duh. Keep at it, Di Fi. I have very little hope it will ever make a difference for the better, but I support you. Keep at it!
Gosh, this just makes entirely too much sense. 

I’m afraid it won’t compute for your Republican colleagues in Congress.
Except for the NRA who has bought the GOP. They can’t agree to go against them.
https://www.cnsnews.com/news/article/susan-jones/bump-stock-device-received-atf-green-light-during-obama-administration …
Well well well
Those who wrote our founding documents would argue The People have unalienable right to any weapon of war that the military has.
Respectfully, Senator, enforce the myriad laws already on the books, support stronger LE and quit grasping at straws for answers.

Dean heller & Paul Ryan brag they r "sportsmen" when ask abt bump stock gun issues! How does that justify massacre in Vegas 10/1/17! 
I'm confused. Are you talking automatic weapons, like a Beretta or assault weapons like AK-47s? M16
I think she's taking about fully automatic & the equipment needed to make semi-auto to fully auto. They also need stop Armor piercing ammo
agree.  I know there are some police that shouldn't hv a badge.  the majority I've come across joined to help, not beat or kill ne1
and seriously keep on pausing for that fifty one votes lady..  you will start a war that it seems your side has wanted for some time.
in a time when a usurper of power not beholdento laws nor customs, automatic weapons should not only be in the hands of those he commands
GO AHEAD and laugh but one day all of you out there thinking that was all ok along with murdering millions of innocent babies God wiil judge
YOU have agreed. because YOU WANT POWER to RULE OVER THIS NATION and FORCE US ALL TO BAKE CAKES FOR THOSE GOD HAS SAID DO THE ABOMINABLE!
and we know what you are trying to SCARE People into by calling these automatic weapons as if they are all like those huge army guns!
and mam its NONE OF YOUR BUSINESS WHAT I BUY OR WANT OR OWN! THERE ARE TINY FEW CRAZIES! but MILLIONS OF US! GOT IT? WE SEE THRU YOU
ARE USING THIS AS ALWAYS the BLOOD OF THE INNOCENT AND OUR GRIEF! TO disarm US! NO NO NO! evil as can be! THAT is what will GET US KILLED!
YOU KNOW SENATOR that its not the WEAPON! it could be a bomb a truck or a knife. and its getting JUST AS COMMON! and more deadly!~ BUT YOU
Automatic weapons are illegal for anyone who does not have a special license. and most gun owners feel bumpstocks shouldn't exists.
For WHOM?

Do you want police & military to have automatic weapons but not the civilians that they control with these automatic weapons?
Domestic terrorism should be your focus. People kill people.
They will be banned. No one really opposes banning them. Won't help with 99% of deaths per year. Most all are committed with pistols.
No thanks.
The american Capitalist class constitution should be illegal
You're gonna be conned!Bump stock is rich mans conversion!Assault rifle must be banned,or can be converted to automatic!Don't need buy part!
There is, but this bump stock bypasses that law. Vox did a video on it.
Bump stocks were approved by @BarackObama in 2010 under SecState @HillaryClinton
Already regulated. Must have special license to own automatics. Criminals aren't going to obey the laws you pass. Murder is illegal.
Right. And no clever law breaker would ever find a work around. Just as everyone who ever did drugs gave them up when made illegal.
But automatic weapons are illegal to own without special permits and checks.
So GET IT DONE!!!!!!! DO YOUR JOB!!!

It's a good start to toning things down but it won't prevent the eventuality of an apocalyptic future. Guns are for Killing.
Why didn’t YOUR Democrat party GET OUTRAGED or do ANYTHNG about them when you had FULL CONTROL instead of sitting silently by while Obama did nothing? Serious question.  Now you’re outraged?
If anyone knows where I can sign up to educate people on this and get a bill passed, please let me now. I am pissed and need change now!
& if u can bump shoot w/o an accessory (been able to for decades), then all semi-autos should be illegal. So... back to muskets we go! YEAH
The public might need a gun at home for self protection but no one needs military weapons or accessories but the military itself. Thank you!
I would expect a Senator to know that automatic weapons are ALREADY illegal!
Don’t fall for the NRA’s lip-service
@NRA @GOP Between tNRA & GOP there is no greater threat from terrorism & American lives lost by firearms, reduced healthcare than NRA & GOP
Agreement with who? People who want to strip our constitutional rights. Address the mental illness and stop the hate speech inviting racism

FULL AUTOS ARE ALREADY ILLEGAL. PLEASE RETIRE...
Full Automatic weapons are ILLEGAL. You would think a Sen would now that. Just goes to show you...
Says the gun toting Sen .....
RIGHT!
Absolutely. No bumper converters. Banned. Everywhere.
And recalled through purchase tracing.
When will you start addressing the unnecessary graphic violence promoted by the motion picture industry and it's effect on society?
Agreed on that, but the randomness and number of Gun Control Laws make it had to determine what side of the line you stand as a gun owner
You mimc a senator, yet you're not illegal.
Then do something in the senate. To do nothing is as evil as the mass killing.
@GOP #MAGA  Very few including the NRA would disagree with this, Yet Dems insist on boorishly politicizing 59 deaths to get TV time.
They are. Youve been there long enough to know that. Stop w the talking points.
No one in America should have a gun except Police & military.Period. Study Buddhism & you will realize no one needs http://guns.www.Watyarn.org 
The 2nd Amendment is NOT Holy. CHANGE THE LAWS! #FightTheNRA #GunControlNow #StoptheShareAct #RepealTheSecondAmendment
He had explosives in his car?  They are already illegal.  Next suggestion?
Car crashes kill thousands on a yearly basis, let's ban those as well.
The bump-stock was approved by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosive under the Obama administration in 2010.
This law would be a joke. These slide/bump stocks are a novelty accessory. Even the @NRA doesn't care if you ban them.
Clamping down on WHO we give guns to is the winning gun control argument. The type of gun is irrelevant if only the right people have them.
Take the guns from Democrats they are the murderers! Las Vegas murderer was an Active Registered Democrat! https://twitter.com/Rampage95x2/status/915946623787610112 …
The best bill is on the books, why not re-enact the Regan era weapons ban? GOP voted it in once
Despite the fact that the Obama administration approved the sale of bump fire stocks on at least two occasions.#UWEREINOFFICETHEN!
To bad you didn't agree that we should be able to clearly see on labels, which products have poison GMOs in them..Monsanto before the people
Now get it done! #LasVegas #notonemore #GunControlNow
automatic weapons are illegal. Why did you say "should be"? I worry our leaders are running us in circles. @NancySinatra
It is a common fertilizer you can buy at home depot or lowes.
Whatever !!!! #2ndAmendment  #HypocrietLiberals
d!chkursmendmens!pro-
libpccultfakemsmda&
fakedirtyswampobstruct
caphilcongscausecntry÷
decline&unrest&SHOULD
BE-ILLEGAL!joinpotus
MAGA 
Thank you Dianne Feinstein! Couldn't be more accurate!
blame barack for making it legal
Having fired this type of weapon with a 100 round drum even, it’s already very fast to spray 100 bullets squeezing the trigger repeatedly.
NEWS FLASH - Automatic weapons are illegal and have been for sometime.
Fully auto weapons already are illegal....smh
If you treat your lawn for weeds but your neighbors don't, what do you think will happen? That's what's happening in Chicago.
And weapons that can easily be transformed into automatic weapons should also be illegal. It isn‘t rocket science.
I disagree. Just because you and a few others do doesn't mean you have Constitutional authority to do it.
OBAMA ADMIN APPROVED THEM ...!!!! 2010 Why is it a problem now? Playing politics are you???!!
Not agreed on banning any weapon
They can't see the circular reasoning in banning automatic weapons then allowing the same guns they use in Iraq sold to private citizens
Not agreed on banning any wealon
Remember, Wayne La Pierre makes one million dollars a year pushing this NRA bullshit!
You Americans are fucking mad!....discuss!!!!!
Semi automatic should also be illegal.
So what's the story there?  Bump stocks were and then weren't and then were legal again.  Who decides?  Help me to understand please?
It’s legal.
I guess I'm wondering why they became legal again after 2005?
The ATF interpreted it as following the letter of the law.
So....WHY are they legal???
illegal...like murder
Automatic weapons are already illegal, try keeping up with the laws, you are a senator, right?
unconstitutionally illegal at that.
Amen!
And you know NOTHING about 'automatic weapons.'
The EFFECT of wagging my finger against the trigger of a semi-automatic will increase its rate of fire like a bump stock does. Ban fingers?
Also ban fully automatic clubs and semi-automatic machetes. They killed 1,000,000 people in Rwanda.
Don't modus tollens me on Twitter, Senator
Automatic weapons are already illegal.
Strange. I believe those licensed to legally have automatic weapons undergo a deeper background check than you did to get elected.
how about a limit to how many guns an individual can possess?
Awesome point why did BHO & Congress, Dems allow in 2012 these devices(stock-bumps) to NOT require any mandates.Why did u vote Yes? #NRA
There's agreement among the group too stupid to understand #2AShallNotBeInfringed 
If you can't handle the American Constitution then GTFO
Gee sounds so logical. No wonder Republicans can't wrap their heads around it.
Uh...and no guns to mentally ill!!!
Well bump stocks became legal in  2010.....under the Obama administration. Why did the democrats do that?
I know this is just piling on but are you really this dumb?
They are stop lying
Automatic weapons are illegal per the NFA. Dear God your dim.
She should probably already know that.
Maybe #Resist #AntifaTerrorist #IslamicExtremists should be banned!
Automatic Weapons ALREADY ARE ILLEGAL!!!
Maybe #Resist and #AntifaTerroris!  should be banned
Oh FFS. SUCH fake news! Perpetuating such falsehoods is shameless and irresponsible. The investigation has barely begun. Muddy the H2O much?
Sure you want the criminals to be the only ones to be able to shoot quickly they don't have problems in Texas like everywhere else you know
In Texas the gun laws are very forgiving and the criminals are 90% sure there victims are armed so they don't try any stupidity
The NRA are empowered by the same people who elected @realDonaldTrump, ignorant people who think democracy can be saved with assault rifles and authoritarians in the WH.
too bad the ATF under Obama approved bump stock in 2010.
Please keep talking...gun control has been such a winning formula for Democrats lately...lol
Still will only stop mainstream crazies. Criminal crazies wont be stopped. But a start I guess.
Democrats account for well over 2/3 of gun violence, lets bam them
That will work!  That's the key!  Because if it's illegal, the bad guys won't get it. You are brilliant!
