No bipartisanship from 45 ever
Really? Then why did he invite Schumer and Pelosi to the White House to discuss DACA, the Wall, immigration and health care?
I am sorry I tweeted you and  a friend about something similar.please tell me what you think was bipartisan of 45 .Interested to know .
Point was Trump has reached out 2 Dems on several issues. Agreed nothing settled but he is trying. Obama wouldn’t even talk 2 Republicans!
O got repubs to agree to ACA.Check recent history .But this is about 45 .I will give there was that one attempt.Then zero.No Dems inWH admin
Trump is not a life long Republican. He supported the Clintons and many Dems over the years. Tired of career pols he ran as a Republican.
He is repub present tense .Still divisive.
Divisive, yes! Precisely Y I, & many friends, voted 4 him. 2 disrupt the mess career professional politicians, of both parties, have made!
POCAHONTAS MAM: Resistance is futile! I believe you dems have used up all the no goes for blocking President Trump"s people he tapped. Yes?
I believe you're jackasinine.
Enjoying my covfefe just now! Have a blessed day!
Putin thanks you for your gullibility. PS: I hear if you drink too much of that Covfefe, one starts to display moronic tendencies. Enjoy!
I'M JUST CHECKING OFF PROMISES KEPT CONCERNING THE #AmericanVotedAgenda ... Winning feels good doesn't it?
The Confefe is kicking in. Moronic 2think you're winning when he hadn't done anything. Let me know how you feel when your Medicare gets cut!
YOUR PRESIDENT TRUMP: Gets more done in his recreation time than most have ever done! He has earned my respect and prayers! God bless Us!
You know what your president does while playing golf? He spends $70 MILLION of taxpayer money! By end of the year, MORE than Obama's 8 yrs!
Racist NRA? Post some evidence of that statement. Their black members will B shocked! If U have ANY! I’m a life member & have seen 0 racism!
These nominees aren't just right,many are racist or shady.
Which ones (by name, please) are racist and which ones are “shady”, whatever that means?
The Look of Love is in your eyes. Wasn't there a really nice song with that line. These worshipers of trump disgusting
Please no confirmations, 45 under investigation. #NoBenczkowski #nullify2016
Just love this picture did you ever see anything quite so cute. Not only does Trump have to go how about sending the other guy back home too
I'd care. But the Dems have been using the courts as backdoor legislators for years now. So let's pack them with the R's...
Sounds like you are implying liberalism wouldn't be part of the democrats litmus test.  We both know that is false.
#25thAmmendmentNow #ImpeachTrumpANDPenceNow
Please get rid of this raving Maniac before we are all destroyed by nuclear war
Litmus test? You mean like "your Dogma lives loudly"?
Except for the extreme left!
Haha!!! Flip the 9th
This Sh*t Has to Stop @SenMajLdr Keeps Changing RULES /NORMS Cheat 2 Win #KENTUCKY Needs 2 Wake up Quit Voting this SOB in! #VoteThemOut
Hopefully all of Congress realizes now that Trump wants to destroy the constitution and our country. You must all stand and act.
Whose version of “extreme”? U voted no on Judge Gorsuch. By UR rhetoric UR calling him an extremist! 1 of most qualified in USA! Shame on U!
25th amendment
Please save us DiFi.
The "blue slip" is not only a valid way to vote. But, tradition.
Awsome, hope flips the extremists on the 9th.
I don’t remember seeing anything about the “blue slip” OR 1 or 2 Senators being able 2 block an appointment! Stupid! Let ENTIRE Senate vote!
Blue Slip “tradition” is dumb. It’s a veto! Approval should B based on vote of FULL Senate, not decision of 1 or 2 partisans! Eliminate BS!
Mitch is the most immoral, deceptive, lying Senator ever. "When you are in power, all rules apply. When we are in power, we make our own."
Right! Just as Harry Reid did! Remember? The Nuclear Option? Changed 200 year old rule so simple majority vote rules!
DO SOMETHING TO STOP HIM!
That article headline: they're not giving Trump more power, they're giving it to themselves. Further consolidating power. He does what they want.
Hahahahaha love it!!!   #WINNING #MAGA
You are the one that does the litmus tests on nominees. Shaming them for their religion.... pathetic.
Dems fight back!
Blue slips be dammed. They were NEVER intended to BLOCK nominees! You dispicable person
#impech45 now!
Republicans are fine with something until it applies to them. The only way they can win is to cheat, lie, and steal.
Maybe if you guys had picked up the pace, he wouldn’t have had to take away the blue slips.
If McConnell lets this happen it is time for him to go.
Blue slip is an antiquated tradition. The idea of 1 senator black balling a nominee is ridiculous. To some extent u r part of the problem
All you do is obstruct... what have you done about the over 20% POVERTY level on CA?
Well, there goes the democrats obstruction plan on that one .
@SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell is a creeping fungus upon a free and prosperous America.
Disgusting!!
It's an intelligent test you wouldn't understand
Look how smug #mcconnelltrustfund husband
What is a blue slip?
imagine what 7 more years of Trump picks will do for the country.
Trump needs a dictionary, a compass and money. Don't support any of Trump's business and that hurts more
HOW DO YOU DEFEAT A PIT OF SLITHERING PIT VIPERS, GUARDED BY BIGGEST PIT VIPER IN CHARGE. IMPEACH, while we still have a country
WHOA!  You are the one that had a litmus test against CATHOLICS.  Now YOU are going to complain?  Hypocrite / Bigot - please retire.
Hypocrite. You gave a religious test Amy Barrett.
Oh, come on! He doesn't even know how to spell "litmus"
These "litmus tests" are a figment of his imagination. The thing necessary is the recommendations of Senators of each judges home state.
As if there were any reason to be more depressed...
We must find a way of getting rid of these thieving gangsters before someone bump Trump off and make him a hero. We must get do it legit. $$
If by "hero", you mean"martyr" ..non gon 'appen. You mean sacrifice, maybe.. at this point
@SenFeinstein , @Dodgers Los Angels vs @Cubs Chicago , a repeat of last year's  2016 @MLB #NLCS,  but tonight the #ALCS  @Yankees vs @Astros
The defense against extreme Trump is the 25th amendment.
Love money and hate women and minorities
allow me to add "extreme picks that will be fired on a Friday of his picking." #Trump
STOP THE MADNESS!
Bet you wish you had ran the popular candidate instead of the only person on earth who could lose to a orange maniac. #BERNIE2020
Let's be real, Donald learned Puerto Rico was part of the US like a week and a half ago, and he has already forgotten.
So did you I'll bet. Plus the FBI is investigating Puerto Rico.
Not convinced @realDonaldTrump knows what litmus is or what it means in this context.
You claim @realDonaldTrump has accomplished nothing but everyday your complaining about what @realDonaldTrump has accomplished #Winning
