We need to improve affordability in the insurance market. One way to do that is to eliminate the sharp cut off for tax-credit subsidies.
If you make $1 above the limit—$47,521 per year—you lose all financial help and premiums may be unaffordable. Let’s fix that.
Read more about my bill to eliminate the cliff for tax-credit subsidies. No one pays more than 10% of income:
The @CommonWealthfnd shows that this change would lower premiums overall and help 1.2 million Americans get covered.
Clearly you've never had to waste hours of your life on the phone with Anthem Blue Cross & Covered California. #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll
No, you, after 30+ yrs in office, owe much much more than that.
Your work is to pass #MedicareForAlll, not tinker with a broken system
After fixing the downfalls of Obamacare, what steps will you take to push legislation for universal single payer healthcare??
Jesus H. Christ. She. Takes.. From. Insurance. Companies. What don't you get? She is against #SinglePayer 
If your claim, backed my no evifence, is true, then we'll just have to fix that problem. Now won't we??
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=7Lso1Ekll8s … Sen Feinstein is on the record, AGAINST single payer
So then we have two options, 1. Pressure her into getting on board with single payer 2. Vote for a progressive senator who will.
I'd choose #2
Disappointing to not hear the Senator who allegedly represents California utter #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer loud & clear
Sen. Feinstein has been loud and clear abt her OPPOSITION to single payer.
Work for single payer...majority of Americans want it.
Feinstein has not been shy about her opposition to single payer. Insurance companies pay her big $ to make sure they stay in business
With so many Americans wanting #SinglePayer I believe it will be the litmus test that voters will use in deciding thr vote 2018
We,The People will not settle for LESS than MEDICARE FOR ALL OF US!
GOP had DECADES to create a plan but never had any intention of doing it
Look at all the money we would have if we deported illegals and Muslim refugees! They are bleeding are welfare system dry!
Trump will not rest until they get away with destroying  pleased justice needs to be done he can't get away with obstruction of justice
How about getting rid of the unnecessary layer of for-profit insurance and replacing those high premiums with less expensive tax--Medicare?
Real Affordable Healthcare Act. RAHA.
#Medicare4All #SinglePayerNow
Come on Dianne do the right thing! Medicare for all including negotiating our medicine.
ACA is NOT affordable. It's a handout to the Insurance Industry. Support @SenSanders's #MedicareForAll or retire ASAP!
Medicare for All
Thank you Senator Feinstein for your tireless work on behalf of Californians!
You're all a bunch of rubes. If #SinglePayer passes she loses a lot ofShe's not going to let that happen.
Standing outside the building? Lol
The American people want healthcare not ACA welfare for insurance companies or GOP #payordie
Teddy Roosevelt first proposed universal healthcare in 1912 - we could have tied with Norway.
would like to see you support a single payer option, @SenFeinstein
Sen Feinstein opposes single payer. She even uses GOP talking points to defend her stance
Senator, the ACA is band-aid. It's time for you co-sponsor Sanders' #MedicareForAll bill. We need you to lead like your colleagues did.
How about you get your head out for your corporate shilling a$$ and support Bernie's plan?
I assume you'll be primaried. We'll need to nationalize the race and send plenty of money to your opponent
Stop accepting insurance industry money
Medicare for all.  It works.
Thank you for all you do every single day.
She takes moneyfrom insurance companies-most days.She seems like a nice lady, right? For-profit healthcare. You don't see a problem w/that?
You owe it to us Californians to get on board with #MedicareForAll or #WeWillReplaceYou
And we also deserve as a great America have a honesty loyalty President not a resist colludes with Russia trying to kill Americans
looks like a good plan has anyone thought of looking at countries plans that have good healthcare for all that works well just saying ..,
#TepealReplace
And what about restoring protection for LGBT under civil right act of 1964?  How about helping the LGBTQ community as a whole?
The only way is to give Americans what they deserve. Single payer. Every other nation does it. Shame on us.
#SinglePayerNOW
Roses are red
Violets are blue
I want single payer
That would be wise of you
#SinglePayerNOW
Single payer
Single-payer.
Improvement is making what's good better. You can't "improve" a fiasco. #Obamacare
@foxnews It is time for the FBI to investigate Feinstein's husband for  all the back door real estate deals. Mueller needs to investigate.
Vote out all Corp owned Dems 2018 like Sen Feinstein and Pelosi etc.replace w Berniecrats.They just don't get it.America wants #SinglePayer
We don't need tweaks to the ACA. We need #SinglePayerNow
Are you and Pelosi deaf?!? The American ppl, you know,the ppl u represent want #SinglePayer.U can't play us as yr used to doing.#VoteOut2018
.@SenFeinstein Please follow Bernie's bipartisan plan. Begin with this then on to #MedicareForAll !
Wrong!  You work for us!  At least you're supposed to!  We want Medicare for all single payer!!  DO YOUR freaking JOB!
Open your ears & eyes; it's #SinglePayer that Americans want. If you won't, step aside, time for representatives w/ COURAGE
#SinglePayerNow
It's time for #MedicareForAll It's cheaper. It covers everyone. 60% of Americans want it. In a functioning democracy, we would have it.
#MedicareForAll
@walkinsauce See what I am talking about? Senator Feinstein doing what an elected official should do: governing. GOP could learn a lesson.
You owe it to the American People to push for Universal Healthcare NOW.  No more gaslighting, Diane...get off Twitter & get to work!
Just stop pretending. For-profit healthcare implicitly supports the amoral position that it's OK to let people suffer and die to make money.
We owe it to the American people to come together and provide healthcare for all! The people deserve the same healthcare that you recieve.
Could you please work on impeachment?  Please ?
Thank you
Any evidence of #RussianTrump collision yet?
We needed to get rid of the Obamacare. Not try and fix that disaster.
@bulldoghill The way to fix it is to move to single payer. You should buck your donors and go out a heroine by supporting it!
Thank you BUT we need you ALL @thedems Yelling about the #browder testimony! #magnitskyAct. Tweet and Explain it...it is HUGE! #magnitsky
We are proud of our senator
increase competition / torte reform please
You stand for socialism and taxation... stop LYING!
It's the law. 
You Dems aren't fooling us
Then you should never have voted it in in the first place
Yes. I hope Democrats and Republicans will now work together to make the ACA even better than it is now! McConnell seems willing.
#Governing
Better do it soon or GOP & DJT will defund
General Kelly you have proven your bravery many times but however, this is your greatest risk of all! Good luck and get a lawyer too!
Maybe this time they will include the rest of the states in this one? Dear lord!!!

That and #ImpeachTrump
I would have hugged @SenJohnMcCain too. Thank you @SenFeinstein and @KamalaHarris and everyone else saving our health care.
SINGLE PAYER DIANE: if the democratic party turns to the right, I and many others will not vote for you
Blow OCare up! How can U say "Improve" when it financially ruined people who couldn't use it cause they can't afford High Premiums &Deducts!
You owe us what we want, #SinglePayer
Thank you for fighting for us. Proud to call you my Senator.
taking August off? That's back to work?
Ready, willing but not able
It's dead and Healthcare is dead.   You lose.
thank you!
Just get rid of the mandates and fines
From what I read by insurance execs, window for stabilization is quite narrow- as in, pre mid August. Not sure how you can do it but plse do
94% of ACA-ppl have insurance they can afford w-regular costs The real problem is states(26) that DID-NOT join exchanges or take medicaid
And vote against finding his racist wall!  No to turning America into a military state.
Go home and rock the grandkids
Have you talked to any of your Republican colleagues about this proposal? I wonder if they'd be interested?
Why now. You have had years to try to fix it. Hypocrite
Translation!
Thank you Senator!  Thank god there are a few still left standing at the gates...embattled, but standing!
We know DT will try to destroy ACA with destructive signing statements. Cant let that happen
Thank you
Where have u been for the last 6 yrs as it morphed into what it is today. You stand ready? You been sitting on your ass doing nothing
It's been on a downward spiral for years and NOW you're finally going to do something? Gee....thanks
Yes but tRump and Price are BREAKING ACA LAW! How to stop them from hurting my patients?
Just wanted to say THANK you
Now is the time! #25Amendment
thank you, you have our support
No, your Healthcare is crashing!
Ready to redistribute wealth.
liar
Madame Feinstein-- you owe us to get rid of this fake-POTUS! Forget any legislation he proposes!!

Funny, you couldn't step in and help the republicans a few weeks ago but now you can...You own a failing hc plan that is hurting Americans.
Agree to change the name to trumpcare and he just might go with it. It's what the majority of people want... repair not repeal & replace.
Yes yes 
Single payer.........
Thank you for all your hard work!
Then focus on the important aspects of the industry these laws are completely ignoring.
Thank you Sen. Feinstein. Please avail Medicare for all at ACA insurance exchanges along with other options. And let the market speak
You don't work you obstruct! Go home we don't need your kind of help!
Agreed. After all this time, surely the Dems already have ideas and plans to quickly put into the works. Need those NOW to win 2018 & 2020.
How exciting for you to have been able to see Seen McCain cast his vote last nite. My family will not lose their healthcare.  Thank you.
I'd rather have tax relief.
Thank you for protecting the interests of the people you serve.
How is this going to work?  The Republicans only care about one thing...repeal.  If there is no repeal, they will not work on a plan. Help!
Thank you Senator Feinstein on your efforts to fight to improve our healthcare!
#bipartisanhealthcare
Dems chance to prove to Americans, not all talk, that you have answers for their problems, and HC is a great start!  Please fix ACA ASAP
But before you go back to wk, I want to thank you for your efforts to wk for the citizens of this great nation, through it all! Thank you
You own it to the American people to get insurance companies and their profits out of healthcare.   SINGLE PAYER SYSTEM NOW!
Trump must eliminate congressional exemption from Obamacare.
What do you mean back to work, more obstructionunless it is yours POTUS will veto your crap too costly
Thank you! 
#SinglePayer
Thank you Senator Feinstein for your leadership!
Thank you for your service!
Crazy thought: Professionals in healthcare to help draft bill? Not big pharma tho.  #healthcaredebate #HealthcareBill #ObamaCareRepeal
This is Presidential. @realDonaldTrump take notes
Rich white "men" Don't get a voice in women's health care or healthcare of minorities or disabled.
Repair not repeal or single pay system. Rich Orange "men" shouldn't dictate healthcare to all.
Thank you! Pls stop Trump from taking funds away from exchanges. It is hurting the ACA & it needs funds to work. Was starting to work well
You do not!
You didn't even vote to allow debate to fix the mess you "folks" heaped on the American healthcare system.
Don't fake care.
Thank u for all u do every day!
Spoilers: Republicans don't
ACA is doing what it was supposed to do. Destroy private insurance, and lay the groundwork for single payer "demand". But Trump won. Ooops
Give us your NEW plan the OLD did not work!
As your constituent, thank you to you & @SenKamalaHarris for representing us & fighting to protect our access to affordable healthcare.
Thank you for standing up for us
The only improvement of the ACA is single-payer Medicare for All
@Ksweetsoap YES!!! This is the offense we need and the leadership our COUNTRY on both sides yearn for. REPAIR & RELIEVE!!!
Thank you. I'm fearful that we are doomed and the the trump regime will further deteriorate our democracy. We stand with you.
Please start drafting items for ACA now in bipartisan manor before Mitchy takes another swing

Thank you so much @SenFeinstein so lucky to have you represent California.
Thank you. Now fight for Medicare for all.
We will repeal this next time. as soon as rino get fired and officials like you are replaced
Oh no, Keep it as is Diane. It's perfect. LOL
Please work towards a better, stronger ACA!
I don't live in CA, but I love you and wish we had a leader like you here in Texas!
Thank you Senator Feinstein!
Thank you Dems for standing up for ACA & American values. #ABetterDeal may have to wait for 11.6.2018 elections.  GOP not willing now
Has the administration offered its proposal yet?
Stop making deals with corrupt insurance companies whose goal is to deny, deny, deny as part of their profit-making model
Thank you Senator
Thank you, again for your vote. The hardest day was yesterday.
Please take the lead. Don't wait.
won't accept D Swamp that created Ocare. Time 2 improve GOP majority so D 3 STOOGES-McCain, Collins, & Murk will B irrelevant. C U in 2019
Take the lead in holding non-partisan, public Town Halls & hearings to come up with a plan that meets peoples' needs, w/o regard for credit.
Only improvement is single payer
Thank you! Rural hospitals sigh!
Good start will be to get the narrative out in MSM how GOP & Trump collaborate to sabatoge the marketplace by slow paying CSR's & subsidies.
you cant "fix" a healthcare bill designed around profiteers. #singlepayer.
Not happening. ObamaCare will be allowed to implode. Democrats wanted ACA, they've got it. And they OWN it!
Good to hear. Are you taking ideas and input? ?
Why not start by explaining to the American people who still don't umderstand that ACA is 1&the same as Obamacare & they have been duped by
I know I appreciate y'all tripling my premiums from $3k to $9k looking to hit $13,500 in 2018. With friends like y'all I don't need enemies.
Oh, and Blue Cross Blue Shield, my insurer, saw their profits go from $1.1Bn in 2010 to $145Bn in 2016.
Heckuva job there Brownie.
Thank you for your collaborative spirit & consensus-building.
Such nonsense. The a free market will drive down costs. Competition will lower prices. Not government artificially setting some price
Thank u, Sen. Pls do be sure to seek out @sendavidperdue, who promised me & my fellow Georgians during his town hall that he would do same.
No. No. No. She can't possibly be for #SinglePayer. Thefrom insurance companies is too good. You guys fall for it every time. Promises?
I was being wholly sarcastic, Donna, but thx for explaining my senator, who I know is awful, to me.
I read your earlier tweet and I wasn't sure.  . Thanks for making me laugh.
I like that you say this. But it has been so few times I have said that. Let's see what you can do. My cost are higher and less options
Senator Feinstein, You are an obstructionist.  You are too old to be a Senator.  Please retire and make room for someone who loves America!
Thank you!
It's fine leave it alone
BRAVO MA'AM 
Thank you @SenFeinstein
Please explain how you "come together" with a group whose sole goal is the failure of anything President Obama did.  Seriously.
You need to get a few of us "lifer" Medical Billers. I think you would benefit from our observations these past 25+ yrs experience.
Thank you! #California is proud!
I'm a breast cancer survivor who ended up being labelled indigent. Timing is everything. I am so happy my friends have care. #MedicaidForAll
Thank you for your time and had work!
I cried tears of joy last night when the egregious GOP healthcare bill wasn't passed. Thank you for being my Sen. I'm all for improvements.
Why what's wrong with it 
How about working WITH Trump and telling democrats to stop the obstruction and disrespect for the President We The People, elected?
Back single payer or resign. Do what's right, what the majority of Americans, and the overwhelming majority of Californians, want and need
MEDICARE FOR ALL
We love you Senator!!!

Gross
That’s what they should have done first. But Trump is so eager to undo everything Obama has done. Is he jealous much? Or just sociopathic?
You have a unhinged tRump to contain as well. #Donnie2Scoops
There are fixes needed thank you for fighting to keep people alive
Repeal and replace. We dont want obamacare!!!!!!!
AND to celebrate #Obamacare and that #ObamacareLives! c-e-l-e-b-r-a-t-e!!
i don't mean "gloat," but c-e-l-e-b-r-a-t-e. it's worth it. #ObamacareLives
