(2/3) The first bill immediately rescinds the order. The second limits executive authority under the Immigration and Nationality Act.
(3/3) Under our bill, the president would not be able to unilaterally ban groups of immigrants.
@juliewilcoxwx hopefully it will fail
Hopefully you will be voted out of your pissant meaningless local govt office soon.
that's wasn't very nice
oh, and blocking me - what a big man you are.
did you do the same when Obama banned people from Iraq from entering?
@POTUS @seanhannity @AnnCoulter 
You didn't complain about Obama's barrage of Executive Orders 5 min. Before he left office?!
ur party is done falling apart like OBummer care. Ur all Old pathetic sad people with Dementia. Get out of politics FOOLS
It's time to pursue impeachment. Trump is off his rocker.
you have never done anything good for Americans yet
Thank you in advance for voting NO on Betsy DeVos, Jeff Sessions, and Scott Pruitt. Tried to call but your phone's busy. :-)
mor ist kalt
@SueanneShirzay What good is it if he can veto the bills? What would next step be?
Congress can override a veto by passing the act by a two-thirds vote in both the House and the Senate, I believe. @JrbbNyc @SenFeinstein
That's if they can get the votes. That's my concern here as if they don't Trump can veto.
thank you! I'm a SF resident 94123. We BEG YOU to vote NO ON #Sessions. #standupfightback #ResistTrump #stoppresidentbannon
It's DOA.
Thank-you Diane! Please don't let up on tee-Rump!
@SenJohnMcCain You have spoken out. As a constituent I'm asking you to put your influence where your mouth is. Join this.
YOU are the anti-AMERICAN.  Yes, we are a nation of immagrants who ASSIMILATE to become AMERICANS!
My ancestors fought in the Revolution. Protecting the Constitution and BOR is hardly anti-American.
America's strength is in diversity, not assimilation.
Speaking against freedom of religion is un-American.
It's spelled immigrant. Have a nice day.
nein danke
Swinestein ur party lost  get over it n get out of our country and out of politics ..pathetic sad evil corrupt party
Is it true the Senate is introducing a bill to weaken background checks on gun purchases? PERPS on No-Fly & Watch list #NO
Thank you!!! Who is drafting the bill to impeach him for treason and illegal hostile takeover of the American government?
That would have to start in the House. Ask @SpeakerRyan
Rumor has it that Ryan and Bannon are working together. Is Ryan a Nazi as well?
I think @SpeakerRyan is an opportunist and will work with anybody to enact his agenda. He's what I would call a collaborator.
except when he's an obstructionist
you make statements to pander to your constituents but then you vote like your on the Trump administration.
.@SenFeinstein please start impeachment proceedings. Tomorrow.
Impeachment starts in the House. Google "who is my US Representative" to see who you should be asking.
I know  but @SenFeinstein is a veteran. She knows what strings to pull to make it happen. She just has to want it.
HOW LONG HAVE YOU BEEN A WHINING SISSY LITTLE FELLA?
Garick? Your name is Garick. Garick? How do you keep a straight face when introducing yourself? I mean, GARICK?
Why aren't speaking up about the Cuban refugees denied access? Are you pro muslim?
it was lawful and u know it. stop playing politics. Here are some facts for u- http://fxn.ws/2knAJSt . forget san bernandino?
Would you PLEASE RETIRE! You remind me of a old school teacher that no one wanted to fire!
thank you Senator for doing the right thing. It may fail in the short run, but we are in the streets backing u all the way.
maybe you should move in with Nobama
look you have screwed up California and D.C. enough.  Pack it in and move to the Middle East. They will like you
draft a bill to eliminate old worn out politicians  like yourself.  You are a part of the elite swampers group. Retire!!
Thank you for your courage today!
thank you for introducing legislation to overturn Trump's executive order to ban refugees!!!
Call your bill the Anti citizens security and sovereignty bill....
WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU!!!  YOU ARE ALL THE REASONS AS A LIFELONG CALIFORNIA RESIDENT THAT MAKE ME SICK!!
yes! Stand up for American values for the disenfranchised. #NoBanNoWall
proceed directly to impeacment!
But U care less about Dems discriminatory #FATCA order that has closed banking for 9M USC abroad.  USC have NO #humanrights.
as a constituent I thank you.  Please keep doing the right thing for us.  I'm very frightened for our country.
In addition please show your stand against Trump by voting no on Sessions!
Seriously! So tell me sen. when did protecting Americans become discriminatory. Only in ur mind.
Jeff Sessions is not qualified to be Attorney General. Must vote NO!
As one of your constituents, I thank you!
great action against Muslim bans but your offices aren't answering phones and staff curt with callers: please block Sessions
Thank you
Great but don't vote for Sessions
Start by voting no on all his nominees.
@DrSusanLove and PLEASE don't roll over on #SCOTUS.
PLEASE HELP US!! Get rid of the monster!
You need to stand up against Sessions and DeVoss, and not roll over.
it's about time you took an oppositional stance to Trump. disappointed w yes votes on cabinet and i vote in CA
You signed on to Obama's 6 month ban on people from Iran! What are you doing this for now? Hypocrite! Shame on you.
Nice of you to join the party. Better late than never. Can we count on you to vote against Trump's next pro-torture nominee?
and will you start blocking his cabinet appointees or is this just lip service
you signed your name in 2002 to ban Muslims. I can't wait till it's out.stop your hate now I demand it you work for me quit !!
screw you lady!I dont want ppl in my country who hate us&want to kill us!My ancestors were immigrants,came legal,worked hard
THANK YOU. Can't get through to your office by phone.
stay out of the way and let President Trump follow through on his promises.
stay
Good! Have been trying to call your office about this, keep getting busy signal.
Glad to see you are doing something! Dragging feet, giving him a chance, working across the aisle - is all crap with Trump.
thank you senator Feinstein!
thank you. it is crucial to stand up to this.
YOU ARE TRAITOR TO THIS COUNTRY !!!!!
Another piece of BS. Typical lib ears closed mouth flapping.
Will Senator McConnell allow such action?   Perhaps adding them to an Appropriations Bill would be a better route?
please vote no for @BetsyDeVos
thanks for drafting this bill! Please continue to fight against injustice; say no to Steve Bannon, who is working to damage US
thank you
That's great. And voting No on Sessions, right?
Thank you, @SenFeinstein! Thank you for introducing legislation that encourages inclusion and cooperation!
Thank you!
better idea build a wall between cali and the rest of US. Take left wing liberals, terrorist and all the illegal immigrants
she is a puke
Then why haven't you fought any of his nominations? Oh, busy drafting legislation. Uh huh. 

Also, answer your phone.
allow #Christian #refugees into this country?  The #listofcountries came from #Barak's #Administration
P.S. If you aren't going to act in a #sane manner by backing #PresidentTrump, Where is your #hijab? P.P.S. Why didn't #Barak
Yes, hurry why don't you. So you can UNPROTECT America.Is it OK if we blame YOU for the next attack?How do you sleep at night?
#WorldIrder #MUST BE #reatored!
of the entire #world.  Enough already! #Support @potus/@realDonaldTrump's #excelkent efforts to #fix what #Barack #broke!
Diane, #withdraw your #misguided bills.  @BarackObama not only #SCREWEDUP this nation, he #SCREWEDUP the #safety and #security
thank you! #StandUpToTrump #resist
Your irrelevant!
I hate to be snakry, but when has congress done anything swift?
and while you're at it, #NoDeVos #NoSessions Time to improve your voting record on the Trump agenda.
100 percent pro-Trump voting record so far? You should be recalled. #DUMPDIANNE
Way to go! @SenJohnMcCain @JeffFlake I hope you have her back.
Thank you for being my senator. You make me proud.
@33Greeper c'est bien, c'est formidable.
filibuster Supreme Court nominees. Stop the madness!
This is great to hear. Thank you. Now about that Sessions piece...
Thank you. You have my full support.
great start, next up: please deny #sessions and #devos
Maybe you should stop supporting him 100% then. http://53eig.ht/2jNoNGp  Or switch the Republican & show your support.
@UrsulaV These bills will not pass. They are theater. What are you planning to do that doesn't require the GOP?
Thank you, Senator! Give 'em hell. @UrsulaV
You have been out of your mind for years. You know and WE know Trump is trying to keep AMERICA SAFE. Try independent thought
So you're for opening up our borders to monsters like the 911 terrorists?
it time to impeach Trump.
Aren't there more pressing things to worry about? Start by building a coalition to do something anything productive.
Block Devos, Sessions, and Tillerson
Haste make waste!
we stand with you
So, it doesn't feel so good now that the shoe is on the other foot does it?!
this is the kind of crap @SenJeffSessions is all about you need to vote no on his AG appointment
Well it's about TIME you stopped trying to play nice.  This regime (yes, REGIME) must be stopped in every way.
Thank you 4 standing up 2 Trump
@SenSchumer @SenKamalaHarris @SenWarren NO MUSLIM BAN; NO compromise Muslim Ban!! NO collaboration NO Nazi fascist complicity
thank you for your leadership in pushing to rescind the ridiculous and harmful order pushed out by President Trump's team.
he needs to be impeached before he finds a reason to declare martial law.
Get phones working. Can't tell you VOTE NO if I can't get thru NO Sessions NO DeVos NO Pompeo--oops you already blew that one
You must also oppose his cabinet appointments!!
@Suzanne1869 thank you Senator. It cannot stand!
Good luck with that, lol
thank you, Senator. You and your colleagues will be tested like never before. We stand behind you.
The order isn't discriminatory its COMMONSENSE. Have you forgotten your 1st obligation is to the American people?
Go girl! We need the Dems and the honest Repubs to wake up and stop the Bannon Ryan conspiracy
Thank You #resist
Do not confirm Jeff Sessions as you did Carson and CIA chief. There will be more Muslim bans if you do.
Thank you!  Hope to see quick action and bi-partisan support. @SenateMajLdr
@claudiamiles 
Thank you, Senator Feinstein!
go Diane! Get this bias out or our America! #45 hatred is gross and must be stopped! Silicon Valley does not support #45!
Thank you
Thank you Senator! We the people need you guys in DC to work just as hard as we are on the ground!
STOP CONFIRMING HIS NOMINEES DIANE
Thank you for your actions in opposition to this Executive Order.
In the meantime, Dems should oppose all confirmations until Trump rescinds #MuslimBan
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you so much!
Maybe you could decide to block Trump's Cabinet picks. Now is not the time for accommodation.
thank you for standing up for us.
This is going to make it so easy to vote you out. I think we should start the process to have u removed. U don't represent CA
and you better be voting NO on all cabinet confirmations. #DoYourJob #RepYourState #NoSessions  #NoDeVos
thanks senator for your swift and decisive action opposing the ban.
where were you when OBAMA did the same thing?  You are the very reason we need term limits!
please start talking about how we mobilize to stop Bannon. Your leadership has been great, but he is the fox in the henhouse
I feel like you and other Dems are wasting time and energy. I voted for you and want you to stand down Now!! Enough BS
thank you.
thank you Senator Feinstein!
, @realDonaldTrump is the President read the law, stop breaching your oath of office to protect America and the constitution
thank you and please vote no on Sessions and Devos. We need you now, more than ever.
NEED IMMEDIATE IMPEACHMENT ON TRUMP AND PENCE TODAY AND TOMORROW
If only someone were in a position to do something about it. Oh wait, you are. Why have you been a rubber stamp for Trump?
STOP SUPPORTING TRUMP re:Nate Silver's ratings
Thank you Senator! And don't forget to also #stopsessions! I am sure he wishes the ban included LGBTQ and all POC. #resist
.@SenFeinstein The time for accommodation is over. This nation faces it's biggest threat since Civil War. Do something to stop Civil War II
Let us be heard. Thank you Senator.
as a constituent I sort all actions against Trumps orders, including impeachment proceedings #indivisible #resisttrump @aclu
@cathryngrant If Senator Feinstein had been nominated there would have been a Democrat president.
And sanity.
IT'S A GODDAMN START
thank you.
Thank you Senator. Trump's "bad hombres" ideology is delusional! I didn't know this was the Wild West. Hm on second thought. 
While not a constituent I support your action 100%. Also block all his appointee noms until your bills gets passed. Good Work!
why do the Democrats object to everything Pres. Trump does? He's only trying to keep the American people safe!
@SenBobCasey & @SenToomey please support the anti discrimination (re: immigration) bill by @SenFeinstein
Nice work!  Thank you for all that you do!
Recorded vote please. Call out the Cowards
This all started w/stolen election. Please fight to impanel an independent commission.
Democrats need to start taking action immediately. Not the time to be quiet or politically correct.
Thank you!!!
pls keep your eye on the bigger ball... these actions were, more importantly, #UNCONSTITUTIONAL.
Don't we just need to enforce The Immigration and Nationality Act of 1965? https://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/27/opinion/trumps-immigration-ban-is-illegal.html?_r=0 …
good!!!
yes and vote no on Sessions and DeVroos
We the people will not let you protect terrorists. Fear mongering and lies are the Liberal way.
@IndivisibleTeam More on bills
this Congress been sitting back,  getting a pay check, and hasn't been doing anything.
@rolandsmartin Sen Feinstein you should stop warming a seat and move on and retire. Let some new blood in.
Thank God!!!
thank you, Senator Feinstein!
It didn't bother you dems when Obama did it. Shut the hell up.
.@SenFeinstein Good luck! I'll urge my senators to agree.
