@SenFeinstein, please support Bernie Sanders' Medicare for All Senate Bill.
I can't find anything stating that in 1986 former U.S. Rep Mel Levine fathered the 1994 California Desert Protection Act. Can you help?
On the contrary his project is much needed t/o the state but esp.in this region.it will enhance the lives of cali.for years to come.
by ruining the land and taking the water? Hell no!
Paranoid aren't you.?.. The left's mass hysteria
California! Do not let the current, corrupt administration rape our state. Protect our resources, the beauty. Our future!
They let Obama do it, more than any other president...  So much land, gone, to the Fed, by Obama!!  Pure Communist Evil!
This illegitimate administration needs to be removed.We know something was wrong on election night.
Yes, Trump's entire reason for becoming President is to abuse and threaten rodents in the Mojave Desert, under the direction of the Russians
Preserve your own state. Use your own money. People need homes, food, and healthcare first you overpaid moron.
Californians need protection from it's Democratic law makers
You are looking a bit tired, maybe let some new blood in #TermLimits
There is common sense in protecting without pinning these things to politics. Read in depth how states water is not monitored & protected.
Sounds redundant.  Give it a rest.
Cronyism in gov't? I heard one about a senator's husband getting a sweet deal to sell federal property- will you stand against that too?
Deport
100% with you guys. An ugly turn of events this country is enduring under this administration
Fake news LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES
Why don't we collect rainwater that runs out into la river? It would be 1/3 of la water needs
In fact Democrats killed the bill you support not Trump
Looks like a Dem supported it Senate President pro Tempore Kevin de León, D-Los Angeles.
Yes it needs to be passed 
Um, protect the unborn... deer?rabbits? coyotes? they take precedence?
In Southern California, the Cadiz Project predates President Trump by . . . decades. More leftist lies about President Trump.
FYI we've already had a Catholic President educate yourself and the pope did not rule our country at that time your comment is ignorant
WHY DO YOU HATE CATHOLICS??
 Alt-Left can't serve USA- you are unable to think  without thinking Resist & that is troublesome to ALL OF U.S.A. 
Lucifers helper you will have your day
Who

We need to fight this money-grubbing administration. The Repubs are screwing the people & making money while their Donnie Boy's sun shines.
Stupid C^*+
Leaders from californium is an oxymoron!
Ok will you support #Medicare4All, your constituents need it asap
https://catalog.data.gov/dataset/recovery-and-vulnerability-of-the-mojave-desert-ecosystem …

Yet another incursion into the future of the planet by a plunderer.
Something really wrong w/ u liberals! You've really shown ur true colors the past 2 years! Great day in America when there's no Dems in Gov.
You Dems are only interested in making gas oil water more expensive by trying to deny access
Why don't you worry as much about all of the homeless people living on the Streets of San Francisco? Aren't they more important than desert
You do nothing. You play into the GOP hands and let them get away with anything
I'm sorry it's democrats like you that have turned away from the party. I asked you to force grassley to release the fusion transcript but
I agree!!
I've just contacted @kdeleon expressing my support for the bill, who else do I need to contact?
Saving the desert but allowing 1.6m babies to be murdered in USA each year. You don't sound compassionate to me #hypocrite
Thank you, Diane but please protect the San Bernardino Natl Forest from the grave damage Nestle is doing here as well!
Water is necessary for health care.  So Democrats should claim that desert water is a right, not a privilege.  Why be thirsty?
Since when do you care about water rights?
I'm sure all our California farmers and ranchers remember how you chose a fish over them.
Retire
Madame Senator, you and your kind are to blame for much of California's FAILED infrastructure
The fact that it was YOU who kept much needed water from California farmlands and helped in not upgrading water reserves in California
Calexit please the world needs a free country and I want to live there
Good luck. I'm pulling for you. Thank you.
How much money do you have invested in china ?
it's not okay to tap natural resources in your back yard ?
Ms Feinstein
Why was it okay for California to rob Lake Mead National Park in Nevada of it's natural resources but
You shpuld resign and rerun for the state assembly. 
.
Here we go with another land grab from idiot Feinstein.
This is exactly why we need term limits.
What corporation giving you money?
Thanks for sending.

Environment, water, and, life are certainly of tremendous value.
Sen.Dianne Feinstein, of SF,California,  your vote today on the Defense Program Bill, Procedural Vote. I'm There TRUTH
How about passing a federal budget. Instead of being a Watermelon. You know Green on the outside and Commie Red in the middle.
unfortunately the senate may not agree
What about SB 562 or co sponsoring MED 4 all? Healthcare is a right not a privilege.
Take your California leadership and move to Venezuela
VIDEO THREAD: Watch these & share to help people understand what Trump did & is currently doing to help Russia.  RT
Understand #TrumpRussia in under ~ 3 min. Must watch and please share 
More lies lies lies
