Brenda, if you vote check out how your elected officials vote from here on out. If you aren't a registered voter, you are just yelling.
Twasn't sarcasm at all! It was advice unneeded most likely. Our Texan Representation isn't as great.
I am the grandmother of two boys on CHIP.  Why take it out on children?
We need to fight for the children who need their healthcare saved.
R's to end CHIP to offset $ lost on Ryan's "TAX CUTS for BILLIONARIES", but that's failing so thee is hope 4 CHIP
What are you doing about this? Called your office yesterday
Please stay on top of this Sen. My children's lives depend on this healthcare. My hands r tied but you & other Sen can still make a diffrnc.
We checked social media accounts for all 14 Republican Congressmembers in CA. All 14 are silent as #CHIP expires. 9 million kids at risk.
@abcnews @CBSNews @NBCNews @CNN @MSNBC Where is the coverage on this? Hope to see this along with other top news stories.
Why would that be? Aren't you a senator what are you DOING?
I don't understand why people would stand in the way for health care for our future.
Do something then! Don't complain!
@realDonaldTrump #Gop taking the "Modest Proposal "approach
We won't need it  if Congress and the Senate refuse to curtail NRA guns will continue kill our countryman and children
I thought funding ended Sept. 30.
I fully agree.  However, most have been confronted with too many distraction to even know about then impending disaster.  #ExtendCHIP  .
Health insurance is a bigger rip off than the Pharmaceutical Corps. And they need to go! Medicare for all! I'll pay more in taxes for this and save in the long run..wake up America 
@Resist___45 Everyday and night I pray to God Almighty that republicans will value all human life above money Please join me.
So? What are you doing about it? Have Satan have a hold on you people you are always complaining and you are not doing anything!
Retire!
Show one illegal alien that didn't get medical help.
Think he could stop playing golf and do his job?!
#MedicareForAll
Why can't we have excellent health Care not just good
Then pass health care that applies to everyone, even government officials, including senators, representatives and presidents!
Dems and Reps have the children's voice to act, shout and do their jobs. Why do we have hear after the deadline passed? Shame for gov.!
Until they give children the right to vote and gerrymander kindergartens to skew republican they're shit out of luck... and insurance.
Thank you Senator. Keep fighting for this program
Senator what must we do too #ExtendCHIP
@LoriJJ
Why didn't DEMS scream about this? We should have called our senators.  This should be a huge story!

WE HAVE THE COLD BLOODED, IMMORAL REPUBLICANS TO THANK FOR THIS LAPSE. REPUBLICANS HAVE AN IMMORAL HOLE IN THEIR SOUL!
Thank you for calling attention to this travesty affecting so many of  the children of America. Extend CHIP!
Where are our democratic representatives when these things go down ?
Well, you’re there and were elected by us to handle it. That’s the point. Talk to those who work against the public good & make them stop!
Such massive lies. How many Americans know people making up to $200k may get $$?
Please do, our children deserve this!
If ya cannot do your job please resign, we will put some smart people in office.
Think trump is sabotaging this also
Impeach trump he’s killing our country. He should resign now. He’s dividing our country. Please can’t Senator get him out he’s crAzy
Where were u in this last week b4 it expired? On getting criminals out of cabinet? PR! We have a constitutional crises & u act like normal
No let Trumpers kids loose coverage & let them deal w/it.
Too late. The kids lose. :(
And dems aren8 to blame, ate you?
theres no lapse in insurance just your brain please retire,stop the crap,give someone else a chance and a new voice. you people are just to dam old
thank you for standing up ( and taking a knee) for us, the people u represent, & doing the right thing!
#WHEREWEREYOUDURINGOBAMA
MAYBE THAT IRAN DEAL AND DACA AND REFUGEE PROGRAMS KILLED CHIP


Please make it happen.  We cannot afford to NOT take of our children.
Now what Senator?
Well, I have brought this to my Senator's attention a couple times and not a word. @ChuckGrassley I do not understand what happened to him.
Senate and House phones open in Washington DC at 8a and 9a Eastern Time. Let's call them!
Do your job!
Why are you anti-Catholic? Do you only want to confirm Jewish or Atheist judges?
Sen. Pkease help repeal Obamacare...it does not work!! No politics people FIRST!!  Give up your healthcare ...or share it!!
You're a Senator. Please don't let this happen. Wish I could do something but I'm just a regular citizen!
#GOP couldn’t get their tax cut for top 1% by repealing #ACA, so they ‘chipped’ it off the #CHIP program.
Thats you libtards cross to bare.  Obastard care sucks you voted it in  sick and dying people are on your shoulders.
Then repeal and replace vote for it
While most of us are following all of these insignificant distraction's by the president, Congress is busy destroying the poor and mid/class
We have to pay attention to everything.
Yes, protect the children.
My friend is a director of a children's program in California. She told me today that the center is in chaos because of this non-decision.
Too bad the Dems didn't do better in the election.....
We need help!!! Please get together and stop this insanity Trump is using against NK. This is not a game...it's life or death!!!!
We. Need. Single. Payer.
@SenKamalaHarris @SenFeinstein this needs fixing now! this is outrageous!
@SenateMajLdr Do the right thing and extend CHIP 
@IndivisibleTeam @ResistanceParty @OccupyDemocrats @CNN @FoxNews @ABC @CBSNews @MSNBC
2- Call your Senators to extend the CHIP
Glad to see you are on top of this! When is the deadline for renewal?
these evil, dark bots don't care. they know their time is gone. they are weak, scared and will be gone.
What can we do?
Work on how to get better access to birth control while you're st it. That would be progressive.
Why do Republican politicians hate poor Americans? My question is legitimate. I'm not being sarcastic.
Because they lazy and a drag on the economy. Seriously, they believe their own bs. It's disgusting bigotry. Not all @gop but most believe it
Senator #Impeach #Remove @realDonaldTrump #HelpPuertoRico #ExtendChip expose Laundered Russian Money flowing through @SenateGOP
That tweet will totally help... so you agree Obamacare is a disaster?
With all due respect, may I ask what caused this lapse? Why was there not a vote to continue the program within the time allotted?
B/C @gop did not call to the floor for vote. There is always some adjustments required, that did not happen, focused on repealing ACA.
Republicans only care about their kids.
Keep fighting @SenFeinstein. Republicans control vote schedule but we've seen the power of our voices to force action on heath care before.
The problem with chip is that it isn't applicable for everyone. It caters to those who are already on government funding excluding
Hard working families scraping by with very little to sustain themselves.
And whats your Obamacare ownership Dianne?
Is it too late? Expired yesterday, right?
Federal funding ended last night. It's up to states to keep their programs running until more funding is approved. Only Mitch/Ryan can help.
Thanks!  If a state is unable or unwilling to step in I assume coverage will be cut or reduced for the interim.
then do something about it. Trump is trying, but you democrats stop him on everything. You do not care about the people. Only yourselves.
Make it happen..,.
You mean Obama Care didnt save us from this?
You knew this was coming for ever! 
Where was the fight and votes before hand. PRICE IS LAUGHING AS HE CLEARS OFFICE!!!
It just another failed Democrat big out of control program.
Or thier parents need to buy helthcare... Yknow there's that
Well, at least you tweeted Senator. Hope that made you feel better about doing nothing to head off this blunder.
You do realize Mitch and Ryan are the only people that can bring this to the floor?
You need an attitude adjustment.
I support thecontinuance of the CHIP.
Get to work Feinstein and stop your babbling !
DO your JOB! Work WITH Senate Finance Cte. and Tax sub-cte
Do-Nothing Congress Strikes AGAIN
Save the children.
Sure after we balance the budget.
Will only balance if country is at war
I would hate to go into a world war with record high debt.
What say ye about this Sen @SenFeinstein !
Maybe because of this!
this is outrageous- @gop must uphold the settled law. ACA is the law of the land. @SpeakerRyan has said it-Feds must fund ACA!
SENATOR I KNOW HE IS SATAN ALL PROOF POUNTS TO ONE!
SENATOR DID YOU EVER WONDER WHY ALL THESE POLICIES WERE PUT TO PRESIDENT IN FIRST 8 MONTHS? THEY WANT TO IMPEACH HIM BADLY !SO VICE PRES.
Dems should have been on twitter 24/7 about this so ppl would have pressured GOP! Isearched for it yesterday & not one word by Ds or media.
Yes.
Why were you not all over the news last week with this?
Yes, but also save us from Trump!
You need to be impeaching Trump. More devastation to come under him. He's not for all Americans. YOU MUST IMPEACH TRUMP!
Stop EXTENDING laws that are broke. FIX them. #MAGA
Why tell us after the fact? And who is responsible just Republicans? We do vote and we can let our voices heard.
It is funny how she tweets untrue tweets but will not respond to real Americans tweets
the dogma is strong with this one
But it was canceled. What can be done?
That the Americans pay for
Why don’t u pay for it since u r on a good health care plan
A Good Sunday, @SenFeinstein
Why not include it in negotians for a real bipartisan healthcare plan?
We??  So what have you done other than tweeted??
Failure to extend CHIP will cause more illness or injury, and drive up health care costs even more.
@GOP appears to be PRO-Life for fetus' but PRO-Death for children.  Lapsing CHIP & inadequate response in Puerto Rico is unconscionable
Didn’t that expire yesterday, Dianne ?  Motivate your senate colleagues, please.
You must REPEAL obamacare ASAP  killing my finances.
how is stupid in the wh going to handle north korea
when he cant handle pr
Wow! You're just a straight up racist.
Quick! Before Trump calls them 'crybabies!'
Does this mean children will no longer be eligible for OTLIC & pregnant women no longer elig to MCAP???
No you need to cross the aisle and work with the GOP to fix Obamacare.
Yes we must!
Thank to you vote on Obama care  ... thank you democrats
That is a MUST
Fix it!That's your job! Stand up & scream in Congress if you have to!Children shouldn't suffer because the ignorant people in office!Fix it!
Hey YOU DEMS are the ones that forced Obamacare down our throats and I’m glad it’s coming back to bite you in the a$$.
What you mean the ACA is failing? Oh my goodness what do we do.
You Democrats went this on your own.
You were hired to attend to we the people's business. Why are you complaining to US? Do your job
Another dropped ball by republikans. Now they want to screw kids. Not enough to screw every adult w/taxes &. healthcare. Shameful
Thank you!
Let it lapse. Government welfare is not American. Let their parents pay for for care.
Then do it Senator - stop tweeting about it. It's your job!
are you working to extend it
Truth about government "Health Care":
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dht_cZK2vK8 …
WE MUST WE MUST AHHHHHHH
How many children's healthcare were and continue to be threatened by Obamacare? On THIS, we can get an actual number, not a speculative one.
THANK YOU!!!!
Sure hope you can make it happen.  We all need to stand up for these children.
But but but... Obamacare provides free insurance for ALL!
I bet you eat children, don't you mamma bear
Maybe if y’all didn’t push so many other pointless programs through, the government would be able to afford one of the only NEEDED programs.
Sen. the Dems were in the WH, they ran up $10 trillion and currently have a huge humanitarian emergency going on & no . So whats your ?
GET TO WORK USELESS GOVT!



Thank you Senator.  You must also work to impeach Trump.  He's a clear and present danger to America and the world.
POOR LEADERSHIP! https://mobile.twitter.com/riotwomennn/status/914123290825895938/photo/1?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw&ref_url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.rawstory.com%2F2017%2F09%2Fpeople-are-needlessly-dying-sarah-huckabee-sanders-vilified-after-boasting-trump-has-puerto-ricos-back%2F …
Just like immigration, a sick game, open borders, & DACA at risk. ditto Ocare. 
before you push for totalitarian DC, ponder the consequences
My Healthcare is threatened everytime you politicians try to fix it.
TELL 'EM!
How many children's lives have been saved? But good job making a human rights issue into a fiscal one
And this is Who we trust America's Future too???
The shows what a bad job your gang did on Healthcare we've had enough of you
Madame how will this get done. What can citizens do right now?
It gets done by raising your taxes. She won't tell you that or you are to naive to know that will happen
Trump is too busy golfing & going on racist tirades & the GOP is too busy protecting him to care about children
Senator, would you be in favor of removing trump?
Thank trump and price for the quiet lapse. #ChampagneCabinet
