This is a good idea. Killing machine should not be allowed in our communities!
I agree.  Ban cars, knives, electricity, gas, fire, impact tools, pointy sticks, bats, and unrounded corners, too, while you're at it.
And, if you actually care about human life and dignity, save 3,000 children's lives a day by banning abortion for convenience.
How about we ban these weapons? Why would any civilian need one one of these?
Who said anything about need? I have a right to defend myself from criminals and tyranny with whatever I choose. Fuck bans.
What sane person wouldn't? This has nothing to do with 2nd. Amend. This is common sense. No one needs an automatic weapon!
Senator I'm for it, but wackos with 3D printers will just make more. We need real reform.
Who needs a 3d printer?  A piece of pipe, a valve, and a source of compressed air will send whatever fits in the pipe flying.
You idiots fail to understand that real "wackos" don't care about human life.

That ass was going to kill with our without access to a gun.
Blah blah blah look at me distract from the fact I refuse to support Single Payer but don't hesitate on a $700 billion military budget.
Notice the SF Chron said the word 'Start'. The TRUE goal of gun control advocates is full repeal of 2A; then CONFISCATION & DESTROY ALL GUNS
Agree but also should swap for suppressor hearing bill for law abiding citizens

How about removing everyone's index finger, squeezing a trigger fast could mimic auto weapons
Better cut off anything that can engage a trigger, because where there's a will, there's a way that needs to be banned
I wonder if more laws around the things (guns and accessories) is the answer.  Making laws governing behaviors I think is more effective.
its not trying to change behaviour that limits gun deaths 
the only thing that works is gun control 
less guns = less deaths
Isn't gun control a behavior?
How about banning any weapon with the word automatic in it!
https://youtu.be/D6oaRAgdslE  bump fire btw u can use UR belt loop as well so are we going to ban belt loops
Will we be banning belt loops then?  The problem is semi automatic rifles at all, bump stocks are only one of many ways to go full auto.
You can ban this technology, but it's easy to bump fire.
Doesn't California already ban anything that makes shooting more fun?  

And your violent crime rate is near zero isn't it?
Dummy even the NRA supports it
I so appreciate you always being ahead of the game.  Thank you Dianne from a like mind in Sactown.
A San Francisco newspaper? Shocking
what will it take for CA to secede? 
#CAexit USA become independant strong country with universal health control free education+gun control
More money than the State has
So you quote the Chronicle.   You may as well have written it yourself.  Almost as bad as @shannonrwatts shannquoting Al Jazeera
She probably did write it
He had totally automatic weapons too, no big difference if this would have been banned before
At 32 floors up, a large slingshot would probably be lethal at considerable range.

It's the murderous people, not the guns. Ban the idiots.
Just a start. Ban clip size and universal background checks.
You can ban clips altogether as far as almost any gun owner is concerned.
No one needs a semi a to hunt or for defense on American soil.
You know nothing about guns, apparently. Semi auto has been the standard for 100 years.
Please also examine all attachments that make these guns more dangerous than originally intended.
Nothing is as dangerous to society as stupidity, but liberalism, neomarxism, socialism, and anarchy still exist.
A really great device.   Why don't you approve of it?   It saves us millions of dollars over buying legal killing machines.


How about banning semi=automatic, rifles??
If she supports it, it must be wrong. That is axiomatic with this loony!
NO
Has absolutely nothing to do with women's health.  It is merely a convenience for bad behavior.
Please stand in and help Puerto Rico.

Get your boyfriend @ChuckGrassley to back off of his campaign against the Dossier
What about the chip health insurance program for children in America who is going to save it?
Most logical minds support it. #StopGunViolence
Even a moderately retarded person generally sees their thoughts as logical.

Case in point

Index finger next...
Why would i want that? If you treat me the way you treated clinton i might need one
The San Francisco paper supports gun control?
Laws only work on honest people. Your wasting time and money.
Sen. You posted an article re: the 72 hr. background check rule. What are the stats for those that received a firearm committed a crime?
Dream on, dotards
The @sfchronicle is a Liberal Rag Mag run by socialists and idiots..Their opinions are stupid.
That you would source them speaks volumes
Oh bull, NRA never going to let gun safety laws take effect! We can hope and dream, but not going to happen. Look at how #AlexJones turned
a tragedy like #SandyHook not a hoax! They’ll sell their parents or kids to keep gun laws from becoming law!
No
Typical Globalist Response Leave The 2nd Amendment Alone why dont you retire and Move too North Korea  your A Traitor  Too America JFK 2 SDD
Last I checked it was evil people who do these acts and NOT One of them will follow laws..He also had bomb material They still find a way
What good are gun laws when gun crimes r PLEA BARGAINED DOWN by liberal judges. Stats show revolving doors till they FINALLY KILL someone.
Hate to say it... This isn't going to fix anything. Sad you take advantage of emotions to push your agenda
You mean to say more laws aren't the answer?  

Say it ain't so...
I know generally it's not in lawmakers nature but please try to be very specific with this law don't leave holes
Paths to power. Guns money and knowledge. You libs tax money not yours. Warp/distort knowledge and would strip guns. Keeping all for selves.
Do something positive for change. All you libs do is chain choice. Take it away. CHOSE to be good. No law makes people virtuous.  is a tool
that bastion of free speech and free thought.   Never met a liberal they didn’t like. Stereotypical Cali rag.
So does the NRA. I bet you didn't know that one
Feinstein you're a loser I I have so many words for you but that pretty much sums it up for who you are
What you're saying is than Man's  is evil. Banning a tool won't change the evil . You have to nurture virtue. A thing you lack.
Great bill, nice job!! --Bill Watkins
Really....are you kidding me ? The SF chronicle would support any democratic effort it's in a sanctuary city.... Dianne !!
@SenFeinstein U WILL NOT INFRINGE ON MY RIGHTS! YOU HAVE BEEN ATTEMPTING THIS COUP ON THE AMERICAN CITIZENS 4 YEARS. YOU NEED 2 B VOTED OUT
Also please ban politicians from calling for violence this behavior enforces & empowers the mentally unstable. Thank you, concerned American
Could you please start a ban on Nancy Pelosi's automatic mouth ? Her illogical uneducated rants make all women look bad.
Maybe find a better source for your efforts. 95% of the country would rather use the @sfchronicle as TP than actually read it.
Support our efforts to remove you from office!
If you dont beleive that look at Maryland, DC, Chicgo or any state with strict gun laws. They don't work.
They're are no gun laws you can pass that a determine person won't find away arround.U end up making things unsafe for law bidding citizens
TOO  BAD THAT  THEY  DID  NOT BLAST   HIM  QUICKER   WITH  MISSILE  TO VAPORIZE  HIM  IN  HIS   ROOM .ISRALITES  HAS  TECHNOLOGY
1 individual if willing will always find away to buy or cause damage to others when they're not affraid to die. That is just WORLD history
Not enough. Read the 2nd Amendment. Then read it again. Then re-read it. No one has any *right* to own / have guns!
Then read the Supreme Court Heller decision. Then read it again. Yes they do!
Want us to be unarmed if our government did what England did to us and others of its days.
It doesn't matter we have grown a nation of warriors, it's not hard to make them automatic with their knowledge.The founding fathers didn't
I am a gun owner civilian. But do think we should not sell items to weapons that make them function as an automatic. With that said (1)
Liberal logic: Put restrictions on abortions, women will get them in back alleys. Put restrictions on guns, it will make a difference. RME
I plainly C U Never let truth or facts get in your way That is a fuc7ing lie
Sometimes I wonder if some Americans think they HAVE to be angry and violent.  It does create illness in some people, as we have sadly seen.
You know you don't need accessories to make simi auto to auto right....... but hey, whatever makes you feel better old hag
Your only hurting law abiding citizens... which is your agenda
With all due respect Senator, this is the first assault using this device. All show and tell. You know better. Tell the people the truth.
Where was ur effort when Obama made them legal? Oh that's right obama was democrat & u don't do the right thing, u just vote whatever they tell ya. Now after all these pple died you want to do something?! Smh!
THANK GOD, @SenFeinstein,  I hope the next plea also Challenge is directly to the NRA☻
This is such bullshit. 90% of Americans didn’t even know what these bump-whatevers were last week. Do something REAL!! Something meaningful!
Then what we have left is responsible gun owners, but we have to figure out what to do about those who have an arsenal—why do they need that
I wish we would just ban all types of automatic guns, semi-automatic included.  Our country needs to focus on anger management.
Better hurry. I read sales are booming since shooting.
Target gangs under domestic terrorists—don’t just watch those on a watch list-do something and take their guns right then!
Hey, socialist. Support this 
Not far enough.
What is far enough? And what is too far?
Liar! trump already said he’s looking at banning bump stocks which were approved for sale by Barack Obama’s #ATF
We need them to defend against the like of you

OK, if it makes you feel better...go ahead.
In fully liberal world there is no necessary relationship between what is desirable and what is real.
Real Americans celebrate the inventive genius of our fellow countrymen, instead Feinstein wants to punish them for their creativity.
Feinstein has two opinions on guns, one that she should have one, and another opinion that nobody else should have any.
Rubber bands are the poorboy bump fire. 

So, good luck banning those accessories.

Try to educate yoursef
Stop trying to take away gun rights and Make a Budget. 
#DoYourJob
#RecallSenFeinstein
Well big whoop.
We will give you THAT and YOU give us voter Pic ID laws in EVERY STATE!
Sounds like a plan
Hahah. Bunch of smug socialists
Of course you do
Fascist socialist
no good enough
Go away woman. Are you ever going to retire. You need a pay cut.
How will that fix the problem in Chicago?
Well he'll that makes ALL the difference!  Wait, who?


Now...more then ever. Because of people like Sen. Feinstein
https://www.facebook.com/360355841048136/videos/389389928144727/ …
THE VEGAS SHOOTING WAS A SLAUGHTER DONE BY A LEFT WING ANTIFA ISIS DEEP STATE PATSY!U MURDER US&NOW U WANT OUR GUNS GO FK YOURSELF BITCH!
Dear Lord...Ban the damn weapon. It's 2017!
I'll say this again, this is the bare minimum literally that can be done. Not nearly good enough
Bare minimum that does nothing is too much.
Who cares?
