Madam! Now is the time to introduce legislation requiring all candidates for POTUS to pass competency exams including psych eval! Please!
Couldn't Agree with You More!! The Rambling, Incoherent Messages are deeply disturbing & lack Intellect on all levels ?
@ChuckGrassley @RepAdamSchiff @SenatorBurr @SenBlumenthal 
The American People Deserve Open Hearings. Imagine if this was Hillary and Bill
Please don't fall for Manafort's alleged "contemporaneous" notes about Jr's Russian meeting-a meeting Manafort had denied ever even happened

Not the issue- it's about validity of notes Manafort purports to have taken at the time of TrumpJr meeting when he denied any  meetings
Which the SJC has now rescinded since he's decided to cooperate more. Good job saving the big ammo for when it's needed!
Why was it rescinded?
Let's make all these hearings public and under oath from here on in.
A thread on why the do the private sessions.
A few thoughts on Senate Judiciary's agreement to interview Paul Manafort & Don Trump Jr. next week instead of public hearing testimony 1/
Saw that. But we're going to need public hearings to convince dumbest 1/4 of country that there's a there there.
I agree! Bt not b4 thy knw answrs to the majorty of questions thy will ask. Prosecution 101, nevr ask a question u don't know the answer to.
I like most of your views . How can Pres Trump keep his business w/o a real Blind Trust?
 Never has been allowed before. Start Impeachment
IMPEACH!  IMPEACH! IMPEACH!!
There will never be impeachment.  What will happen is you will be shocked when you find out who Mueller is after.  Bahaahhaa.#noturwonderboy
Regardless of who Mueller is after...POTUS has shown time and time again that he's not capable to govern, mentally unstable...aka EFing nuts
Now we don't care who Mueller is after.  Interesting change of events.  You will care.

Or are we supposed to believe against this Russian probe back drop that all the lies regarding meetings with Russians are coincidence ?
Let's subpoena Hillary Lynch Comey washerman-Schultz Waters Obama Biden Holder
Wow. He sounds super-innocent to me! *rolls eyes forever*
Thank you, dear Senator. I appreciate all that you do for us, for our democracy. Please never ever give up! Thank you. Your constituent.
There is more!


Here is a link to John Podesta  pedophile emails and other incriminating emails.  https://files.acrobat.com/a/preview/beb69a97-be69-428e-9871-de5d557b4d51 …
If can't download doc, here is link page: Podesta's most incriminating emails with hyperlinks to direct raw email
About time.
Hi Senator so you are all so outraged you just pulled back the subpoena because afraid what you may do if you get answers like do something
Answers indeed! SUBPOENA THE OBAMA ADMIN & THE CLINTONS!!!! Stop the Trump witch hunt!!! 
responder
Please DO Not confirm POTUS pick for the criminal justice/Seriously I am sure there is someone qualified for this position without Russian
Public hearings!! And Trump needs a mental health evaluation. #ProtectOurDemocracy #ProtectOurCare
Seems like you're just giving a platform for them to re-tell what they've already told another way...
How about the information on the arrest of Imran Awan at Dulles Airport!!!
The Americans with brains know trump is a liar and con we know he colluded and we want the truth! Kushner is a big liar!
And NOW Senator.....WE NEED ANSWERS AS TO WHY THE SUBPOENA WAS WITHDRAWN???
You're just pissy because one of yours lost her chair get over it and straighten out. Start working for America.
These greedy mercinaries were committing treason with our enemies. Waterboard them!
ties; it is beyond ridiculous how much this Administration is tangled up with Russia it would be crazy to confirm yet another one
Thanks Senator!
And about time. All of these people need to testify UNDER OATH.
And it worked 
Sen Feinstein, wilk trump ever be removed from office and sent to jail? No1 is above the law. Now GOP is taking HC away from us. Such evil.
Thank you.

What does dropped mean?
Thank you.
Why is the scope of questions being narrowed ?
How about a subpoena with tRump's name on it. Why not get his story locked in, so when it changes tomorrow it'll matter. Faster is better!
We want to hear what he has to say. We want to he what they all have to say, and Mueller follow the facts. Truth is what we want. 
Open hearings! Under oath! Wtf!
Put Manafort under OATH!!!
Thank you.
When are you going to investigate HRC OH thats right you are a dumbocrat as she is not same under the law, plenty of evidence she colluted
Well, trust me.  You aren't going to get them.  And you voted for Wray for FBI Director like you did, you sold Americans to the Russians
Quit wasting time and taxpayer money on your pointless witch hunt. How about focusing on what the country needs over your personal agenda!!!
You waste our time with your politically motivated revenge
What a fuc&en joke. Have you subpoenaed BERNIE SANDERS OR HIS WIFE? They threw a disabled group out of their homes too?!?
especially after Jared Kushner turned out to be a HUGE nothingburger for your #RussiaRussiaRussia BS.
see U all at the polls next year.
When are we going to get to the bottom of what Russia and Trump did we need public hearings
Yes we need answers you been looking into this for 6 months. How much money? Still nothing
Please subpoena Donald Jr., as well. US citizens deserve answers. Thank you!
Great. Keep up the pressure that he officially testify!
Enough time has passed. We're at the end of July. The country is going down the drain. Subpoena should've been requested from the start.
PROOF MUELLER,HILLARY,RICE,COMEY, LYNCH KNEW.
https://wikileaks.org/plusd/cables/09STATE85588_a.html …
Millions of Americans Demand for Hillary,Rice,Lynch,Comey & MUELLER to go Under Oath to say all they know! Mueller Delivered Hills Uranium
Jr. Jerk too!
Why have you waited so long?
And what about Jr????
Senator, what about Don Jr?
all Congress dropped the ball with ALL of this- or are complicit. The American people and democracy will pay the price.
And what about the Furors junior?
No answers so far with all of your failed hearings.. no evidence
Remember when Trump said he would not announce his attacks on Isis, but is fine with his team having months to sanatize records. 
Witch Hunt!
Can he tell you why RNC platform was softened re Russia's actions in the Ukraine.Russia already got something in return for Trump support.
Just daydreaming but wouldn't it be sweet if Senate cut a deal w Manafort & he gave up the whole story tomorrow & our natl nightmare ended?
This release about the subpoena is just to distract us from demanding  open hearings. Manafort and Don Jr under oath in public @alfranken
Why not DJTJ?
unfortunately it doesnt matter. GOP will never do anything to stop the trump dictatorship. America RIP
this is a good step but dont be fooled these are still closed door meetings. We must demand that Manafort and Don Jr appear in public.
And what of Trump Jr?
Compel his sworn testimony in open hearings. This man is a murderer. His former boss in Ukraine robbed the people of BILLIONS.
Thank you, Senator. Please issue a subpoena for Donald Trump, Jr. as well.
That's great!  Now what about Jared and Don Jr?
Something awry here. http://grandmathunder.com/2016/11/understanding-justice/ …
Hopefully under oath!
With due respect Mam, why are we "accommodating" ANY of these sons of bitches??? This country is going to the dogs fast. Get some grip!
Double down on  a witch hunt that is not producing any results.  Time we'll spent.
Now issue one for @DonaldJTrumpJr
Thought #Kushner also supposed to testify under oath in public setting, then under oath in private but then just a chat?! Why the change?
We also Need @DonaldJTrumpJr issued a Subpoena @ChuckGrassley Is NUTS this #PathologicalLiar needs 2 B Under OATH
Trump Jr.also why not?????
I'm still unsure why you're allowing these rascals to testify in private.  Why do they get this privilege of privacy?
If they repeatedly publicly state that they have nothing to hide, why can't they testify in public?
I find this process farcical.  @HillaryClinton had to testify publicly during a campaign.  These cowards get to don the veil of privacy?
I believe that #TrumpRussia continues unabated until these people are held to public account.
#ImpeachTrumpNow #RevokeKushner #ditchmitch
Hallelujah 
Keep on it, Senator!!!  Don't let up until we get the truth!
Thank you! We all need answers.
I love it Dianne!! You will get the answers one way or another!!
And when he doesn't show up then what? Even if he shows up we know he'll lie. Then what? Continuance of more "doing nothing?
American voters of all parties deserve this!  #Russia should not be a political party in America, we don't hack others elections!
Hahahahaha! Bunch of people getting their hopes up for a big let down! There's no there there!!
No Senator Feinstein, we don't need more questions on a legal meeting w/ a Russian. We NEED you to stop wasting time & money.
Senator, were you this aggressive when it came to questions around Susan Rice?
Democrat Primary Election Fraud. Disgusting Democrats.
Are you doing the same for kusner & trump jr?
can you subpoena Podesta Group too? They didn't register & didn't disclose over 30 contacts w/ State Dept, NSC & Bidens office
We need answers and action!
Open hearings under oath!!!!
Thank you, Senator Feinstein!   We know you'll keep working on this.
Well done, Sen! Can you take down Fox at the same time and do democracy and the world a massive favour?
FEINSTEIN stands up for OUR DEMOCRACY!!
Yes Feinstein stands for our #Democracy.
Thank you @SenFeinstein @PattyArquette we need answers! NOW!
we need answers issue a subpoena for Susan Rice, Lynch, Podesta and Hillary we want the truth
Thank God your not drinking the @realDonaldTrump Kool-Aid!!! Please get to the truth....
I'll summarize the BREAKING NEWS from THE GUARDIAN: Natalia Veselnitskaya is Kushner's business partner's lawyer and he DEFINITELY knew her.
YOU BET HE DOES !!!
Now it's time to issue subpoenas to Kushner and Trump Jr.
He'll plead the fifth.  He can do that, right?  If so, I bet you he will (unfortunately)
Go get 'em, @SenFeinstein! We've all had enough of the #TrumpCrimeFamily.
You are not done, there are about four more subpoenas that need to be sent out! Let's get going! #standupstraightforcountry #trumprussia
You know he will lie so u better have your ducks in a row to call him out in public. You folks need to stop beating around the bush
You need a clue #clueless
(202) 224-3121 CALL the Capitol switchboard! Raise your voice & SAVE LIVES! Tell the Senate to #VoteNo on the GOP health care bill
CALL SENATORS TO VOTE NO/NO/NO/NO 2 REPEAL/REPLACE!!!
TODAYS THE DAY!!!!!!!!! CAL NOW!!!!!!!!
TY and its about time. Subpoena everyone across the board. Equal treatment of all witnesses.
After all of this evasion, most people would have to concede that there is something that is being hidden that is dark, deep, and disturbing
and that all comes from the Democrats!
I COULD GIVE A RAT'S ASS! #ABOLISHONEPERCENT #KILLPOLITICIANS #GOVTREFORM
Where's the subpoena for Lynch, crowdstrike and fusion GPS?
You r pissing away millions $ on an "investigation" that will go nowhere. U want answers? Look 2the #CorruptDNC #DNCFraudLawsuit #WikiLeaks
Pizza gate? Russian uranium? Seth rich? Please go away with this non sense.
So how's that subpoena coming on @AGLynch? There's far more evidence of her sham email investigation than there is of Russian "collusion"
Thank you !!
This has gone on long enough.  GET THESE PEOPLE OUT OF OFFICE!
Now!!!!
go get 'em diane. MY senator
From native Californian living in the diaspora: THANK YOU!!
.@SenFeinstein SUSAN RICE
Just make sure we get answers and not a scapegoat. Fish rots from the head. Trump/Putin is the problem
Thank you for your role in seeking the truth @SenFeinstein
We do.  Thank you. I don't have high hopes for his forthrightness during the interview, though, unfortunately.
Paulie Walnuts is about to sing...
Waste of time.
What will happen to him if (when) he refuses?
Trump will pardon him
Keep the subp. and make certain he is under oath. And do it publicly. No more closed doors. Same 4 Kushner, Jr., and Flynn.
What about public hearing for Kushner?
No, you issued subpoenas to keep breathing life into your ridiculous "Russian collusion" dog-and-pony show. Good luck in 2018, Dems.
Uncross your eyes immediately and you'll see Chuck Grassley's name on there. #MAGA
Yeah, he forever bends over backwards to please the demanding libs. #DrainTheSwamp
Thanks Senator!
Thank you for #DefendingDemocracy 
#TrumpRussia @paveitblue @LevySheila__  @maggiethepirate  @SenateDems
What we need is results you guys spend all your time on twitter and cnn discussing hypotecticals
Yay! Thank you Sen. Dianne Feinstein for standing up for us. Yes we all need answers and see to it it'll never happen again. TY. #ImpeachT
Keep up the good fight
Senator Feinstein
The snark hunt goes on.  At least it keeps the libtards from creating worse problems.
Thank you Sen Feinstein. We will remember who stood up for what is right! #TruthMatters #TheResistance
He will replace when u all go on break. Then we r stuck till 2019. U must stay n town to confirm next AG. Don't let us down. CROOKS N WH!!!!
Well you will not get honest answers from him ... lies and more lies from all of them.
now issue one for Don Jr
He's slick. Nail it down. This has GOT to end! Our entire democracy is at stake/
What's WJC got to do with it?
same treatment for Manafort and then also Susan Rice????
This WH is a travesty for America. They should ALL b under oath. Re Sessions.he shouldn't resign make frump fire him. Trump an idiot. MORE
Thank you Sen Feinstein.
Clearly retaliation for the criticism of Jeff Sessions who is weak on prosecuting the establishment. 
This will end poorly for the Senate.
Subpoena Bannon and Conway!! Mercer puppets and Citizens United members!!!
JUST IN: What did Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell know about Trump/Russia collusion and when did they know it? June & Sept 2016
YOU ARE ALL COMPROMISED AND ANY DECISION YOU MAKE IS SUSPECT PERIOD......
HEY FEINSTEIN, WHERES YOUR SUBPOENA TO HILLARY FOR HER SELLOUT OF US TO GOD KNOWS HOW MANY COUNTRIES?
A BIG NOTHING BURGER. YOU NEED TO INVESTIGATE HILLARY CLINTON AND CROOKED BANKRUPT CLINTON FOUNDATION!
We need a president.
We need a #Congress that represents all of #America, not just their #wealthy friends and #donors.
And if he disregards the subpoena  what happens? Some reason why not under oath?
All due respect . Why not make these guys trump jr manfort and kushner testify under oath . They all seem to lie so easily
Want evidence! Here is hard evidence of Hillary Collusion with Ukraine and plot to frame our President and blame Russia-Trump
Russian Trollski
Thank you Senator Feinstein!
Do ur job & stop harassing the innocent &go after the real criminals who illegally spied on Americans for years.That's why Dems are despised
Just because Hannity says something, doesn't make it true.
Repub WH, Sen, House. There's a reason nothing is happening.
Hannity lies.
You can continue to live in ignorance but I choose not too!
I'm really not. I want justice for all, no matter who. But you gotta start realising Hannity just lies, constantly.

You don't think 1/
a full R gov would be acting if there was anything there? Of course they would.

Burr just said this week that Nunes made up the Rice shit.
And to put unmasking into context.
Hannity basically mocks millions every day because he knows they will eat it all up without even checking it. You'll believe it if it's
what you want to hear. Hannity knows this. He also knows that if no action taken it will just fire you up even more.

Wise up, honestly.
It's a start.
Thank you please keep fighting for the truth
They're just nosey busy bodies... they couldn't get any useful info by spying illegally, so...
We need answers to why no one in the Corrupt Obama Administration hasn't been held accountable for all their crimes. Still waiting !!!!
Weasel
UNDER OATH...no good otherwise!
All of the Obama Administration has either lied under Oath or took the 5th. Maybe the Trump Administration needs to take lessons.
Please document this claim...or did Rush tell you this? Obama administration was not a shitshow like you apparently voted for & support!
How's this working for you? Not so much...he's a traitor & a conman...you got CONNED!
Thank you @SenFeinstein you're a real patriot
TELL MCCAIN HE MUST VOTE "NO" on REPEAL/REPLACE.....save AMERICA's HEALTHCARE!!
Keep fighting the good fight, Senator Feinstein! 
We're waiting on you Dems to fight the RIGHT (correct) fight!!
Open the hearings - we ALL need answers
