I'm calling your office, leaving comments. Tweeting you. How do I take more concrete action?  Ban is terrible!
you should try resisting.
In "Holocaust Remembrance Day" statement, Whitehouse doesn't mention Jews and announces Muslim ban - #ImpeachTrump
if you even smile in trump's direction you are complicit. He is dangerous. You need to resist. Be on the right side of history
Pls keep in mind as you vote for the dangerous people Trump wants to put in power. Stop compromising!
does remembering history include CIA torture? How can you justify your confirmation vote for Mike Pompeo?
If you believe this, you will vote against #Sessions. Please Sen Feinstein, #JoinTheResistance Oppose all unqualified nominees
.@SenFeinstein @USATODAY Then why are you falling in line with the fascist uprising?
Old habits die hard she has long known about the secret powers and doings of National Securities agencies
Remembrance is important, but we seem to be well on the path to forgetting:
That was known as "The Criminal Jew Report" in Nazi Germany. Published in newspapers! How long before DJT requires his list be published?
thank you Dianne
No on Sessions. No on Tillerson. Hell no on DeVos!!!
Stand up to Trump and this nonsense. Bannon on the NSC.  DO SOMETHING and Do it NOW.
How could you let us down with Pompeo vote. We were depending on you!
#HolocaustRemembranceDay http://neverblendin.wordpress.com/2017/01/27/hol …
Does that mean you'll be voting AGAINST Jeff Sessions, @SenFeinstein? Disappointed you voted for Tillerson. Tell Feinstein #NoOnSessions!
will do!!!!!
I agree. And Jefferson Beauregard Sessions' history shows that he is a racist. Vote against him.
Racist? Present the evidence instead of repeating leftist drivil.
Remember the history of Europe's Muslim invasion.
please keep fighting for us!
I am going to your office on Tuesday with a petition from thousands of people who don't want Devos! Will you listen?
Dianne Thank U we do need 2 remember these words. 
I'm not alone in fearing we're on that same path with the trump administration.
Yet you keep voting to confirm nominees picked by actual Nazis. You have learned nothing.
Didn't know Feinstein was a member of the Riechstag. Thanks for the history lesson.
So in your mind this is equivalent?! #pinheaded #illogical #keepAmericaSafe
Heard you approved Jeff Sessions? Really expected you to know better after the hearings. VERY disappointed!!
like get pregnant, have an abortion. Get pregnant, have an abortion. Get pregnant, have an abortion?
Ironic on this day of Remembrance a NeoNazi is given national security clearance and on the NSC.
indeed. PLEASE stand up to the #MuslimBan because we DO know where this road leads.
I think we about to.
too bad you just voted for @realDonaldTrump nominees who support torture and racist exclusion of refugees. Ironic!
Your age is showing it's a new dawn a new day Feinstein I guess until you see your neighbors head cut off you won't get it
On holocaust Remembrance Day, Trump didn't mention Jews once.
The biggest mistake in history was allowing Obamanation 2 move in & almost run US off a cliff! Good job ass-O Obama
@yadvashem I remember my dad #79620 #holocaustsurvivor he suffered so at #Auschwitz #NeverForget
Vote no on all cabinet http://picks.Vote  no on Sessions.CA constituents are counting on you.We r watching u
@billmaher @DAWatson2012 @caduceuscellars @puscifer @GavinRossdale
@peterdaou @USATODAY Then stop collaborating. Vote No on Sessions, Devos, Tillerson, Price, Pruitt.
so vote no on Devos. With her in charge of education we won't have the resources to teach our children about this.
why did you vote to confirm Pompeo the Islamaphobe?
Explain your consideration of possibly voting for sessions?You can't have it both ways. @coccopuff3 @USATODAY
Then thispost Senator should ensure your No Vote to Sessions and DeVos Wecan no longer survive under hypocrisy Please protect all Americans
so make sure not to vote for Sessions! I hope you aren't really undecided on that. Also no on Devos, Perry and Pruitt
And I will remember each of your votes to confirm crooked cabinet picks. You have received my LAST vote!
I'm not sure any of your constituents can/should  trust you anymore. To even consider voting Yes on Sessions is a betrayal.
I can't even imagine.....
@peterdaou @USATODAY Too late.
Speaking of which, will you repeat past mistakes and vote in Nazi Sessions as AG or not? #StopSessions #NoSwampCabinet
then you better vote no on Sessions. You vote yes, we vote no! We will remember.
And yet, here you are saying you might vote for the fascists this time around. #NervousNevilles #Appeasers #Capitulator
Block them ALL!
You're just 1 more horrible hypocrite, though, with a long history of supporting mass murder & child killers.
I can't even imagine their horror. What courage to go back...
I know! We forgot all about Abu Ghraib before opening Gitmo!
let's work together to make sure never again
and that's why you'll vote against Sessions, right? Pls confirm.
So think about the history of the civil rights movement and vote against Sessions for AG.
How in the hell could you ever consider voting for Sessions?
Remember when your voted to confirm a pro-torture head of the CIA? It's pretty recent history.
We cannot repeat this.  My heart and love are with you. You and your families will never be forgotten.
Trump knows nothing of history and it shows
this is why he is so very dangerous.
You don't just need to remember, @SenFeinstein, you need to actively PREVENT. #NoSessions and #NoDeVos 
#RESIST #RepresentUs
Dianne why are you considering voting  4 Sessions to be AG. You are very great disappointment. Why not resign now?
it looks like we have a dictator in office and we are repeating history now
#Never_Forget. PS - No on Sessions. No on DeVos. Thank you.
answer your phone!  Please vote NO on Jeff Sessions for Attorney General!
I doubt that trump thinks the Holocaust was a mistake.
#resist
do something about this unhinged maniac.We R doomed 2 history and the depths of despair.  Pence is no better.
an appropriate day to take note of considering some of the things coming out of the white house lately.
Ironic how Black people are told to "get over it", even though racist harm is still happening in different forms
please do not vote for Jeff Sessions. Betsy Devos too. There are whisperings of this taking place.
retire
We will never forget.
This means nothing when you voted for Pompeo. #StopSessions #NeverForget #HolocaustMemorialDay
as a CA constituent I support you in championing: refugees are welcome here; all faiths, races, genders are welcome here.
stop collaborating, @SenFeinstein
Good Friday, Sen. Feinstein
If you tweet this & vote for any more of Trumps racist white nationalist nominees you should be ashamed.
this was about a memorial in Poland. Help me understand why @POTUS has to do with it? #dumptrump2020

Any votes that give comfort to this man cannot be overlooked.
NO on Jeff Sessions.
