Nowhere in the Constitution does it say taxpayers must pay for other people's insurance. Find a better way. Medicaid will hurt us all.
It DOES, however, grant Congress the power to legislate.
@MegMurrayMusic
They should get a job and buy their own darn insurance.
California is always sayin how The US needs it more than they need it WELP! They should be able to take care of their ppl then
Gov't data show death rates went up under Obamacare by >3 standard deviations.  Trumpcare fixes problem.
After 10 years stable, death rates rose under Obamacare by >3 standard deviations, increase has persisted: https://thefederalist.com/2017/04/25/running-numbers-mortality-rates-suggests-obamacare-killing-people/ … 
Some brave DA should indict them for "Conspiracy To Commit Murder!" For that is exactly what they have done! The repugs are gutless cowards!
Just simmer down and take your mess.
California needs to do single payer and show America how it's done!
I will be one of them. Had breast tumors several times since I was 15. Now 50 Had no coverage 4 ten years. 2 lose it again may mean my life.
I was brought low in the prime of life by an autoimmune disease. I was healthy, executive, active. Now I am totally disabled. I need mediCal
@ClimateGuy1973
@dprnesq Yes! Pls fight to stop this bill from passing Senate.
Trying to scare the people like the Libs always do. Keep hating our President. All just hateful and he only wants to lead America.
Diane..work for us...
The Republican party doesn't care about the American people. It's too bad so many of the people don't see it. Blinded by greed and ignorance
Same in every state. #GOP committing suicide. #Resistance Hope Trumps food tasters have life insurance.
Wrong.  Those people will get gov't $ to buy real insurance like the rest of us instead of being dumped into Medicaid.
Weren't y'all moving to Canada anyway??
What will happen to us folks over 55?
@dprnesq http://Thank.you 
I strongly agree I'm just sick about it this is so unfair he's just trying to undo everything about President Obama about the Democrats
SB562! Single Payer Now!
Well, how are you going to realign CA to America?
@SenFeinstein why don't you and other California politicians and government workers have the same health coverage as the rest of California
Hey @SteveKnight25 & @DarrellIssa - how will you explain this to your constituents (you know, the ones you sold down the river today)?
Is that 3.5 million illegals? Oh wait what about your amnesty bill?
Too late they passed it. Nunes my Rep. He represents Trump not the people. Friend on kidney transplant list. Heard he won't be covered now
Maybe you should read the bill instead of just "listening" to others
Welfare Medicaid people will be forced to get a job and start paying for their own insurance. I Like the work requirements on Medicaid too
Sexual assault as a pre existing condition. That is called the Trump provision
But California is practically its own sanctuary country. You figure it out Dianne.
No. 3.5M Californians get real healthcare incl those with pre-existing conditions.
If that the only thing that worries you about #California you're crazy! 
After consistently supporting you, I'm glad Dianne, that you are on top of things.  I'm counting on you.
They can get a job and pay for their own care... , tired of paying for munchers that only take take take...stop the free lunch
So now you'd have the power to stop paying billions for illegals and take care of your constituents. #winning
Please, Senator Feinstein vote for Medicare for all. Bernie's bill will be up, soon. We need everyone's support, more than ever.
When you mindlessly support the worst president since Carter, the biggest  POS candidate in Am history you lose control across the US. EHC.
Good! No one cares for that shit state! They want to be their own country remember! 
And unstoppable.
He will have the blood of Americans on his hands
Stand strong for us Sen. Feinstein!!!!
Feinstein what unacceptable is you and Congress Obama passing the NDAA to target innocent US citizens, the whole bunch of you need to go
What about special needs children?
Sen. Feinstein, why can't our rep in the house @RepMimiWalters , be more like you?  She just voted for a repeal of ACA.  I'm disappointed!
  
What a coincidence. How many Californians did they want revenge against for the popular vote margin again?
Love you Senator Feinstein! Great defender and proponent for us, citizens of great State of California! We support you 100%! #NoOnTrumpcare
Get a job
Support medical marijuana
You are my senator and @DarrellIssa is my Rep. my family needs ins and I'm counting on you both.
Stop lying, not true Dianne ! Retire !!
I would be willing to use my federal 'tax cut'-even if it's not real-to fund single payer in CA #VoteNoAHCA
This exactly the type of data they need a revised CBO score for. Why aren't they waiting to do an informed vote? #VoteNoAHCA
No, you are in unacceptable for expecting working families to foot the bill. 
Do you have Obamacare?
No, because it's crap.
Secede #2018
WHO ARE THE 3.5 MILLION?
Work with us call us now God bless America call us now
Ms Feinstein please for God sacked vote no for all California people
It's so much worse than "unacceptable"
Makes hardworkers feel they "need" to pay taxes to help those too lazy to work or provide themselves with ample healthcare or jobs.
Senator Feinstein, do you support single-payer, #MedicareForAll? American families need STABILITY!
#VoteNoAHCA
I constantly hope for no further help from the Government. Because over-involvement and support is a joke! You're a disgrace Senator!
Omg I in California #VoteNoAHCA basically half of everyone will lose health care we get the dick screw
How many would lose coverage if failing Obamacare stayed??
You know what is a good way to ensure no one dies or goes bankrupt from lack of coverage?
#SinglePayer #MedicareForAll
Imagine what is going to happen in GOP run states like Texas. We are hosed.
There are already Americans that might as well not have coverage due to deductibles so high they may as well not have coverage at all!! 
Your unacceptable!
AND will bring the collapse of #CARegionalCenter system since 51% of its budget is #Medicaid - #MedicaidBlockGrants don't work
We need California to lead the way towards single payer.  That is the only way we will start to change it.   Other states will follow.
Thanks Senator, but with all due respect, the strong arguments made by Democrats today,  should have been made publicly over the pass week.
who cares? it's california..with a small c
My Senators @SenFeinstein & @SenKamalaHarris,  
We proud Dems demand the Senate simply change the name from #ObamaCare to #TrumpCare.
Unacceptable is all the Americans who lost there homes,cars not to mention there doctors trying to pay for Obama care!
Gov't controlled healthcare was plan all along with Ocare. That's the equivalent of going to the VA. Won't work 4 350 mil. people.
You mean the 20 million people who lost their plans under Obamacare and lost their doctor? 
Great, go pay for their own health care, I paid for mine before Obamacare and it was great. Personal responsibility lives.
3.5 million.isint that the number that Hillary won the popular vote by?sounds like justice to me...
Please be sure to kill the bill if it gets to the Senate.
Good..california sucks anyway. Those 3.5 million are probably illegal aliens anyway. Go Jack off your therapy dog..
We will make sure GOP is in the unemployment line wishing they had Voted with the people
I shld NOT have to go bankrupt paying WAY higher #healthcare premiums just so ur 'illegal' constituents can get #Obamacare!
#NotRight
#AHCA
@realDonaldTrump I know professionals in CA who cannot go to the Dr. because they can't pay the high OBAMACARE premiums! FU CA
How many people were forced to sign up for insurance policies they didn't want?
Thank you for fighting this bill.
will you support #MedicareForAll then?
BIG support for #MedicareForAll I'm a #BERNIECrat! We ALL DO!
How many Americans lost coverage under OLOSERcare thanks to the DNC? How many are paying double and triple premiums because of the DNC?
lies.   and BTW, those 3.5 million voted for iLLary so net-net, win for Trump and 2020!!  #MAGA!!!
u mean mostly people forced onto the aca who didnt want it in the first place those fighting bankrupcy for the failed obamacare
Politics is interfering to much with the Health Care; Well-Being of the American People. Sen. Dianne Feinstein of CALIFORNIA
Health Care Reform is the bottom line, Thank You!
And the other 27 Million?
Do better than opposing the AHCA. Support single payer. Your primary opponent does.
Why won't you push for single payer?
Please reach across the aisle to explain this to the reasonable GOP members who might be willing to put country over party.
Keep fighting for us!  #ProtectOurCare #NoAHCA #ACA
But a shocking number of CA Congressional reps not on the "No" list! https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/05/04/us/politics/house-vote-republican-health-care-bill.html … #VoteNoACHA
Right?!?
#MedicareForAll   Why is CA not leading the way on this?  @BradSherman @RepAdamSchiff @SenKamalaHarris @NancyPelosi @CardenasforCA
I'm not up to speed on what single payer is or how it works. Can you give me suggestions on credible sources for me to learn about it. TY
Can't we get a better cheaper health care coverage like we where promised my sons meds went up by 170 bucks and that just one of his meds
California doesn't even want to be a part of the US anymore, let them deal with their on.
But having our Consumerist goods built through rape, genocide, slavery, & ecological destruction is acceptable?
@SenFeinstein How many blood stains does your wardrobe have?
@bdist9 A Trump supporting Western Consumerist would like this? Be real, not like your wardrobe has any less bloodstains on it.
Too damn bad! Middle Class can't carry them ...couldn't carry them and it was unconstitutional for Obama to force us to carry them!
Are they illegals, oh no wait.. they get health care free, only citizens have to pay.
Do you honestly believe that load of bullshit? No wonder this country is going down the toilet.
What is the situation in the Senate?
Will enough there #VoteNoAHCA ?
Stop calling it AHCA. It's Trumpcare. #messaging101 #thisiswhydemslose
I think you are misinterpreting my tweet. I oppose Trump and Trumpcare. I want Dems to message properly and call it Trumpcare. That's all.
HR676
GO TALK TO THE FOUR CA-R REPS VOTING YES THEN. GET OFF TWITTER.
Thank you for this- but do not cooperate with this regime in any way, please.
Can California create a single payer system?
SB562, the Healthy California Act has passed the health care committee and has moved on to Senate appropriations. #HealthyCA #SinglePayer
Thank You California!
14 million Americans, ICYAMI.
That is not true why are u lying
You mean the people who didn't want forced Healthcare to begin with?
a policy that harms Healthcare in California is liked by people in Alabama, Colorado, Florida & Texas.
I've heard AARP will be publishing a list of Yes votes.
Thanks. This information will be helpful so I know who to support in the next election. Say goodbye to Obamacare #FlushTheTurd
AARP has already stated to vote NO on this bill, as well AMA & most other health orgs. Yes=voteout
Guess these people will have to work like the rest of us now! It's called "PERSONAL RESPONSIBILITY ".
But it was ok when I lost my coverage and my doctor under the ACA? Then I was forced to buy a product I didn't want at an inflated price.
and with this bill you still will because California will not opt out. Don't like it?  move.
I don't want any gov't agency involved in healthcare/insurance at all. Let folks do what they want and is best for them.
17% approva,l the majority disagrees. Do you plan on having Medicare in the future?
Don't need it and don't want it. But thanks for asking.
then don't take it or social security or you *might* be seen as a hypocrite.
