I don’t need a bump stock. I can bump fire using just my finger. Are you going to ban my finger?
We know wth it is! Get rid of it! Standing with you Ms Feinstein !
He starting taking anti-anxiety drug in June. Look at drug side effects: nightmares, outbursts of anger, hearing things, unusual behavior.!?
Mils experiencing drug side effects & don't know it. No way to know LT effects of drugs & personal chemistry
BIG prob w/old ppl on many meds
Fake news, only 2 were
DF: We Want Every American to Feel Comfortable Packing a Concealed Weapon?!
1) Yes
2) Gun ownership up, murders down
Maybe he had a 300 round clip magazine 
An M16 would be hard pressed to fire 90 rounds in 10 seconds. That number was just used because 90 round mags were visible in the photos.
I can fire the same without a bumpstock. stop being ignorant
So who makes 90 round magazines for AR15 rifles?   Try nobody.  If they  existed, they would have used them in the Vietnam War.  Fake news.
Been tweeting these stats for week... Why did media take so long?? And WTH needs that kind of weapon to hunt deer, rabbits, ducks? GOP/NRA
Ummm.. no mass shooter has ever been a member of NRA. Just sayin
That's pretty impressive considering it takes time to get consistent with them. Does that 10 sec include 3 mag changes also? 30rnd mags* 3?
"If you  cant think of a way of stopping this" -   GET RID OF FEINSTEIN - install a Democrat.
Face it... The only way he could kill/injure that many ppl in that short of time is because of the type of weapons he could legally buy...
90 rounds in 10 seconds.Teachers can use auto weapons in schools - teachers can find that bad person &shoot him down, right? Get real @NRA
Have you ever read the Constitution?
We've all seen the details this past week. ATF approved the bump stock during the Obama Admin, where have you been?
So how many rounds would have spewed without the stock? LOTS. Real point: Why are semi auto weapons of war, w/ huge mags, available at all?
Agree We need to renew #BanOnAssaultWeapons because there are nuts who will make stocks using 3-D printers or other methods.
So, this. Prohibition has shown very little promise when applied to Alcohol, drug, abortion, prostitution, etc.
We must all fight for gun control!!!
Really? What else do think can be added to enaure safety?
Thank you, Senator. This is important. Please also keep focusing on GUNS, not just the accessories that make them deadlier.
Did you know 91 people die a day from opioids? That is more than 3 times than are killed by guns per day. What ya doing about that?
You should consider the source and not believe ANYTHING you read from NYT.
WHo the hell believes the NYT? You're clueless as those experts down at the print shop.
Please see rates of fire for automatic weapons. You're, as usual, wrong.
WHOA!! Di-Fi!! What were the capacity of the magazines being used??? Usually only 20-30 rounds per magazine!!
The shooter, a White Male Domestic Terrorist @NRA @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse @VP
NRA has blood on their hands
Get this old crazy bag out of the #Swamp, @SenFeinstein you will never get our guns without a WAR--Good Luck--The numbers favor the PEOPLE

Lol.. there was more than 1 shooter..
And that was using a 30 round clip. Or 3 different guns ?

#FakeNews...not possible with weaponry reported.
How about making mass murder illegal?  Stop, it already is, so we need to ban trucks, cars, airplanes, knives, guns, all modern civilization
No law would have stopped Las Vegas shooter, Feinstein says http://politi.co/2y5rieS  via @politico
Trolls & bots interjecting themselves into my Twitter discussions:
w/ fables and rumors of antiquity.
@hvgoenka @suhasinih @salman7khurshid

pointless ....can easily be made with a 3d printer...
And you just sold 10k assault rifles with this post
Liberals are the best firearm marketers. Thank you. :)
Gotta be true if the NYT says it is.  Was that with bump fire or just pulling the trigger?  Standard AR15 dispenses 20 rds in 1.4 seconds.
Sen, 50-40 rounds in 10 sec is better? 

Fix minds, NOT triggers.

Stop Wars, Violence, Occupation and Apartheid. Could you?
Making it illegal is fine with me
But it won't stop someone from using it
You rely on NYTimes for investigative data! Seriously? Try using ATF, FBI or LV Sheriff! Pitiful! Please retire!
Where did he get a 90 round clip? Did he use just one rifle or grab another when one ran out of ammo? Theres a lot of holes in these stories
Lol. What point are u trying to make? Ur argument a lil weak...
I admit to NOT reading every article on the shooting. Did he actually USE the rifles with the "bump stocks" attached?
Lmmfao! Impossible. They are not that consistent.. that was definitely automatic which are banned. So somebody story is wrong.
Make bump stocks illegal and stiff penalties for owning one.
Make bump stocks illegal? Lmmfao.. you don't need a bump stock to bump.. smh
To bad the one he used had no bump stock you will never get our Guns Keep trying to disarm America we know all your tricks DEMS ARE FINISHED
Thank you but can we please just face reality and go for a 2nd Amendment repeal?
What is the next amendment you'd be willing to forego?
What do video games do?  is that where the breeding is done?   what about violent television and movies?
If that number shocks you, your aides need to get up to speed on weapons. Even Wikipedia has some decent information. See "rate of fire"
Well that's NOT constructive dialogue. She is quoting from the article so need to snark her. Wikipedia is NOT a reliable source of info!
And the NY Times is?  Lol
Poor Libs-America pities your fictional naiveté. You Socialist groupies can’t win elections, face gun facts & you worship traitors-tragic.
Wow if only it could have been only 45 rounds in ten seconds. So much better!  What bullshit us this?  NO ROUNDS!
So? Sen. Feinstein says no law could have stopped Las Vegas gunman
Highly unlikely with the gun set up that the shooter had. He would have had to change magazines
If such a thing is allowed to continue I for one will blame ALL you legislators
@SenFeinstein,
2/2 @SenKamalaHarris, Wildfires spreading through  Napa and Sonoma Bay area, resident asked not to ignore evacuation order; @SenKamalaHarris
Muir Federal Building wasn't a bump stock, you didn't ban Trucks, Diesel or Fertilizer.
Oh gee even this old shit Diane is now an expert on guns  and automatic fire!
I wasn't aware they had degrees in forensic science, & gun trajectory majors. wow!!! impressive, lets allow @nytimes 2 solve the case now
Go get them Feinstein! Thank you for always trying to protect us against gun violence.
So you're interested in saving lives then, right?
Okay, what about the root cause. A bump stock certainly can't be the cause.
Where's the truth. How did guy fire 2 rifles at one time?
From two different windows. Someone is lying to us.  Did he run back and forth. Don't buy it!
Since when is a newspaper become an expert in firearms?
And if you would have acted 7 years ago, he couldn't have done that. Democrat don't care, they just lie
what is the time to empty three magazines
Sounds as good as deleons 30 caliber clip in half a second theory.   Glad he didn't have the shoulder thing that goes up.
science may prove the existence of god: how: particle physics: the time constant that produces string particles of particular length: 365
When the constitution was written (2nd amendment) did the forefathers contemplate mass murder?
@SenFeinstein did you plan this shooting so that you could push this legislation?
I really doubt you did, but seriously “bump stock” is all I see in your tweets.

Problem isn't responsible gun owners. I would agree a national registry. Who has what and how much.
but a special stock is not necessary, nor is an a special rifle
WAY to jump on the latest "cause"!  If you want to RUN again, maybe you should keep up with what's going on in our world (not your bubble).
The difference between an automatic weapon and a semi-automatic weapon with a bump stock is so minutely different.
Please pass bill S. 1916
As written in the Second Amendment of the Constitution: "The right to bear arms and shoot 90 rounds."
The New York Times ? What do they know about guns ? Let's get going on making some deals and get legislation done !
I wonder if bump stocks are being used in Chicago ? Maybe the focus should start there. Let's let the country know Chicago's gun laws !
Dems, Rep and the NRA all agree to ban bump stocks. Why did the ATF not ask congress to ban them? Shouldn't a investigation be held?
Small fee 4 pay admin-Must be language to avoid pricing out citizens. But they are not good 4 much-just fun to shoot like a AR15 Auto is now



The 9/11 Hijackers Hung Out In Las Vegas Just Before The Attack. ..Gun Sex Drug Trafficking Ignored in SIN CITY. ..Red Flags Ignored


MOOT PT LADY! U GUYS WONT DO SH^T SO SHUT UP BOUT IT!
It's the magazines holding 90 rounds, not the bump stock! Reduce mass shooting tragedies. More at http://www.facebook.com/limitthereach  #MSRA

I am a life NRA member. Have shot & owned firearms all my life. I think these stocks should be registered serial# same as auto receivers r

And we all know how reliable The NY Times are 

I just don't understand why @housegop and @SteveScalise don't see how dangerous these are. I am shaking my head in amazement!

