And anyone else.
We don't need to keep our word when they already broke theirs
Naturally. Because two wrongs always make a right, and racing to the bottom is totally the right way to do international affairs.
No, because we PAY them to keep their word. If you would still pay, I've got some beachfront property in Arizona to sell you.
the dems. only want us to draw another line in the sand as we back up to the cliff.
The line we already drew. She can attempt to change it... But that doesn't mean we have to listen to her paranoid screeching.
nice, i like that one
You have to stand for something or you will fall for anything.That is most of the ones whom believe in what she is selling.
It's best to walk this Earth as a free man... If anyone interferes then you deal with it.
Lady get your head out of your ass and see what is really going on.
When it is a screw up and a risk to Americans who cares what they think.  We owe Iran nothing.
Deal with North Korea?   Wake up senator...stop living in fantasyland
And has Iran followed the agreement? How long has the US been paying them $$$ like NK and yet both countries cont'd to build nukes! Sick!!
Yeah , how about that. Fight these people like they are Nazi's, Nazi's that love Russians, who share racial ideology.
That’s the biggest lie and u know it the whole agreement was based on lies and descent
Let them keep their word.   President Trump sure keeps his.   Unlike the Dems.
Is it O.K. for Iran to break the agreement?  What should Trump do if they do?  Rumor has it they already did.
Rumor, eh. You're willing to start war over a rumor. 
Do you call Iraq a failure or a success ?
The deal was a failure.  They support terrorest and shout death to America. Ask Isarel what they think.
And I bet you support Mr pussy-grabber too, also.
No I didn't vote for Bill Clintin.
Yet no US President is required to keep the policies of their predecessor, so the agreement was unrealistic, as any new Pres. may oppose it.
But nobody with a brain would scrap a deal that ALL of his advisors are telling him not to scrap.
keep our word?  What about veterans?  They should be a higher priority than political points with foreign countries.
It’s simply because Obama signed it. Anything to erase the first black president’s name.
Prevented Iran from acquiring nuclear weapons.
Exactly! It's all about race with them. Always playing the race card shameful!
What’s shameful is decertifying an agreement preventing Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons out of spite for Obama.
Wow! So u want people that want us dead to have nukes just because the Obamassiah approved it?! You're a communist psychopath!
the iran deal was junk from the start
Sadly I think the rhetoric has already done that, this just appears to be the last nail in the coffin.
Stop him with a veto proof bill.
So whats new? USA is the second name of double standards.
Like Iran is keeping their word? Hogwash
hell Dianne, with all due respect, we can't get thru a day without lying because if his lips are moving he is LYING. 
#ImpeachTrump
No we don't keep stupid agreements by Obama's ignorance
What a fu**ing idiot you are.
Non of the other countries keep there word. So too bad Iran was a corrupt deal anyway Hillary and Barack made millions on that scam
It also might stop us from making stupid deals.
The most treasonous deal EVER MADE! BURN IT!
It was crap by design and you know it. Now we the people do to. Stop your lies
Well, we don't Sen. Feinstein.  Just ask a native American, ask a veteran.  Ask people of color.
Hillary & Obama killed Gaddafi after Bush got him to drop his nuke program. Then Obama ignored the Budapest Memorandum in Ukraine
... making it difficult for us to reach any agreement with any government because  Trump will have destroyed our credibility.
Typical, only the democrats would love to maintain a BAD agreement. Trump is the best deal we have for all. Not you.
Ha ha. Wow, now there's a spin for ya!
FYI since @DonaldJTrump took office .. our commitments are shit..while the @GOP stands silently
Already know why he wants to do this as he has been doing whatever he can to rid the records of anything Obama accomplished.
But @realDonaldTrump doesn't give a shit. It's not about what is best for the US, it's about what is best for him and Putin
Not just showing we don't keep our word but shows that we DEMAND that IRAN get a nuclear bomb. And if we pull out THEY SHOULD!!

T doesn't keep his word-Didn't T say Mexico would pay for  asinine Wall? Didn't he say his health plan would cost less cover more &be easy?
Oh Di... stop
American looks incredibly weak when we change our foreign policy every 4 years. It is on congress to keep this deal and our promise
Please work with your colleagues to keep this agreement in place!
We have done this several times this past year with Paris being the #1 example
Trump never keeps his word except to the Mafia 
Netanyahu is Mafia
There is no reason to scrap the deal unless there is evidence of Iran not living up to their end of the agreement.
U have never kept ur word. U lie everyday to American people and we think ur old and tired and need to leave the Senate. We need new blood
Iranians are liars noobs thay are only talking
Don't keep our word? R U F-ing kidding?! The US should never hand over billions in cash! Wtf was that? Plus did you read the agreement? Fool
you Washington people have already proven America doesn't keep it's word or care about it's own citizens. You want us blown up
That’s the idea, I believe.
Iran has already violated the agreement! Are you that blind?!
We are worried about not being considered reliable to IRAN?? The ones who chant "death to America"??
45 is a train wreck in progress.Dems & Reps know this.Pls get together & article 25 this man.He is hurting our country. He is mentally unfit
Everyone on knows the US lies and cgeats -breaking the deal will be just another example and cause increased trade & coalitions against US.
should talmudic law stay in effect?
Seems obvious to that’s exactly what he wants to happen Senator This man is driven by his emotional frailties not foreign policy directives!
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iran_hostage_crisis … i hope we never forget and trust these Ayotollah's, they will renege on their promise like 1979
Obama isn't president anymore. If Iran didn't know that agreement died with his tenure, that's on them, stupid.
Recrreating Trump's NYC pattern of welching, with the same result:  good partners won't do business with us if they at all avoid it.
Did you say "Keep OUR word with North Korea"?  Who is medicating you?
It's trump. He never keeps his word. Get used to it or get rid of him.  Go Robert Mueller!!!
Scrap It. Scrap more "sit downs" with DPRK. And scrap your ancient, antiquated liberal point of view proven inept time & time again
trump dose not know/care what he is doing and I do not think he want a deal with N Korea he wants a war so he can not be removed from office
So he who think there is a diplomatic solution with Korea.
It's only binding on us if approved by the Senate as a treaty, which Obama failed to do.
Reminder: don't do the same thing and expect different outcome.
@POTUS
Iran didn't keep theirs.
Last time I checked Iran isn't keeping their word either just saying
Retire please
Great thinking
No it says Iran isn't trustworthy.
Maybe we should see you solution to North Korea? You readily finger point enough, Lieawatha, surely your new ideas will save us all??
Golly Miss Molly? What will North Korea do when it discovers we'll no longer be played for complete morons?? A sucker deal is a sucker deal
.@SenFeinstein We already have deals with North Korea. They broke them. How can you not know that?
How is this lunatic still in office? What is the judiciary committee doing about it? NOTHING!
So go ahead n break it so we can make some nukes
If you usa break the agreement, tgen iran is free to make nuclear bombs
So...despite IAEA confessing they can’t certify Iran is in compliance you think that they are “transparently, verifiably and fully implementing” the JCPOA? Who is not keeping their word here?
Trump gives no fucks for Iran and he absolutely does not care for a  diplomatic resolution with North Korea.
N the feeling is mutual, from iran towards terrorist state usa
Obama signed a flawed agreement which is not even a treaty...how is that not keeping our word?
You know Ed, you are so redundant.

tRump is a #ClearAndPresentDanger to us and the globe
#WHERETHEHELLISTHEGOP?
#ImpeachTrump
I agree. GOP is complicit, and sitting around w/ their thumb up their ass.

If you think a diplomatic resolution is going to happen than you truly are living in a bubble
"Diplomatic resolution with North Korea?" Where have you been living for the past half century? Unfortunately NK only understands power...
@KamalaHarris So what is to be done?  POTUS is focused on terrorising as many people as possible as evidenced by his remarks yesterday.
BA HA HA HA HA....yeah...those Clinton agreements with North Korea have just been wonderful... pretty much gave them nukes.
Oh please! Iran cannot be trusted at all and you talk USA keeping our word? You’re ridiculous!
Congress needs to impeach this madman.
I'm ok with it. Time we stop helping sworn enemies.
Trump never kept his word, now he is causing the USA to follow suit
Yes, Trump is causing politics to crash down to the lowest common denominator, just where he likes it, at his level.
He doesn't want other solutions with NK. He wants to use nuclear weapons. Remember "if you have them, why can't you use them?"
Trumps like his trolls. He just wants someone to argue with so he gets attention.
TRUMPiCANS   “We don’t bow to terrorist; we will destroy them all.”
Fail to see the downside. It's better then giving them everything they want then crying like a bitch on TV. Thanks to Clintons NK has Nukes!
How about stop being diplomatic with countries like Iran and North Korea that want to kill us. Thank god you guys are out of power
Might makes right leaders create very negative, nasty events in history. Trump is a tyrant in the making.
It would make it difficult to make any important agreement. And your allies would still be polite while finding other arrangements, sans USA
Did Clinton's agreement with North Korea work?
Point being?
Repeating the same mistake.
Having a loon-a-thon is certainly different, though I doubt its potential for success.
Main point was the US making itself not trustworthy.
Different policies from different administrations: 
Put Interest of America first Versus Globalism
And you think, in this age, "America First" would be possible without alliances, cooperation? Enjoy, you might soon enough find out.
It actually is working.
Which is exactly what Trump wants
No deals with NK.
Good to remember you can't bomb radiation, you just spread it!
There you go thinking before legislating again.
In case you missed it DACA, and ALL the treaties with Native Americans provide sufficient evidence we don't keep our word.
What do you mean we
Is it "our word" if not approved by Congress?
What about Iran keeping there word
That's the point. tRUmp is a danger to the US and our world. Who does this benefit? He is taking his orders from Putin & friends of Putin.
Shut up with the Putin crap. Tell Hillary to get our uranium back. Dufas
Why are you looking for another diplomatic talk with NK? You already made a deal with NK, didn't work and the same for the Iranian one. Rip it Trump.
Ha, ha, ha Senator Religious Test!  Showing strength & resolve to NK will indeed help US!  Time for you & Nancy to retire. Poor leadership!
There is no we in Obama. We did not create a treaty. By the way that is We the People.
He is as racist as you are
Like we scrapped the protection agreement with Ukraine leading to the Russian invasion. You hands are covered with blood Feiny
this move will make the world exponentially unstable and dangerous, blame squarely on trump, his base and GOP intransigence
U Democrats r the dumbest ppl on the planet!!
Oh stop!!! Iran deal only benefits them while they still burn our Flag!! Scrap it!! Any deal wth NK will not be honored by NK either!!
Socialist Democrats backed this turd deal. Another Obama legacy crap “deal”.  Try Country over Party, Socialist.
It's time for a nursing home, Granny
Riiigghhhtt....WE'RE the problem.  Stop hating America.
lol I thought your boy Bill Clinton already made a deal to prevent NK from getting them?! Perhaps these deals aren't all they're made to be
Do not preach integrity until you practice it !
Damn 

I shouldn't dignify this stupid meme with an answer but both these fine women are Americans. I will now block you. Bu-bye!
Wow, stick your head in the sand. Iran hasn't followed the agreement since it was signed. Keeping bad obummer legislation is wrong #MAGA
i agree, NOKO turned out so well i wouldn't think to try something different.
Be firm! 
How do you stand peloci? Is she ok mentally? Needs new leadership, not a Muslim Ellison! A true American like McCain!
Bravo to Sen. Feinstein and other real leaders who see the folly in changing our minds on this. We do not want or need nuclear proliferation
I think It's pretty clear Prez wants to keep us in turmoil...#NPD is driving him, not even some form of demented patriotism at work here.
To me, #GOP failure too see this is the most unpatriotic thing country had ever witnessed. #25thThe45th
trump doesn't care. He is dispicable and a WEAK COWARD! @realDonaldTrump
Keep our word to Iran ironic..on a deal American ppl had no say in. A rogue prez made in the middle of the night..honor to whom?Iran? NK. ?
You clearly know nothing.
Sure I don't !
Oh you don't. Because if you did you wouldn't be tweeting this nonsense!
Ur one to talk of keeping ur word. U need to resign, u and ur cronies. A disgrace, sanitary state ca. Omg u have all lost ur minds! 
Wouldn't it have been great if Obama and Kerry didn't make any secret deals, Ben Rhoads didn't lie about it and the Senate actually voted on a Treaty instead of letting the Executive Branch make an "Agreement"?
You have a point. But would decertifying the agreement be breaking our word? This bears looking in to and I will
MO SCRAPPING IRAN deal let's IRAN know we KNOW what they are DOING and we will not put up with a armed NUCLEAR ORAN
President Moron has no intention to resolve the NK issue in a peaceful way. Dotard is itching for a war to he can lead like a Generalissimo.
Shockingly dysfunctional administration
No! Shockingly dysfunctional people who voted this administration into office!
That so-called Agreement was OBAMAs WORD,  NOT Pres. Trump.
Pres. Trump Cares about "American's". Not a #PoliticalAgenda
#MAGA 
its outta here sister... and were better for it.
Dictatorship 101....Destroy America for revenge....to please a foreign country!!!
T.G.I.F. Good Friday, @SenFeinstein of SF, California, @MSNBC,  Interview,  Sen.Jack Reed, Armed Service Committee, Ranking Member
Come on @SenFeinstein I'm thinking you should retire....
I'm thinking your asshole president will be impeached soon enough! So much winning! Loosing every bill!
Are you senile? Keeping "our word" to Iran over a POS deal Obama made with billions of tax payer dollars? Make 65 max age for Congress!
Scrapping Iran agreement would demonstrate we know a bad deal when we see one.
Well don't complain when they start back up and sell a nuclear devise to the highest bidder
Is that like devising nuclear?
typo
WAKE UP senator! find a new approach! trump does not care! it's destroy obama years or bust!
Then why did you vote for the Iran sanctions?
Except there is nothing honest in the administration. We, along with the rest of the world, did it to slow their progress. It worked
Is that what you think is important. I am not too interested in who is following me and see no need to have an avatar.
We ALL KNOW tRUMP does not keep his word
Like democrats do. The party of hate and discrimination.
Except they are. So what is the actual reason. Because scrapping the deal would give Iran a clear path to develop nuclear weapons. The JCPOA prevents that. Trump would be GIVING Iran nuclear weapons. Ger who was falsely accused of doing that?
You don’t have to believe the Iranians are trustworthy. The inspection regime is sufficient.
Three years ago. BEFORE the JCPOA was even concluded. Before the increased inspections. Before Iran was restricted to only having 300kg of LEU. Before the elimination of any Pu possibility. 3 degrees and 35 years work and I actually know a few things
Well, it would demonstrate Trump doesn't, and Americans are dumb enough to vote for him.  Then again, isn't that demonstrating reality?
