Please reject Pruitt- we cannot put this man in charge of the EPA. He does not believe in climate science.
If Collins can vote "no" then surely you can vote "no", too?
and What Are You Doing To STOP it Diane? You have rolled over for #45 and approved all but 4 appointees, maybe it's time to go
I applaud you for your years of service and coalition building but this is not the time to prevaricate. Fight harder
it's not enough for you to say it is troubling....you must vote against him.
@KamalaHarris Pruitt's secret emails with fossil fuel industry will be released & must be considered before EPA vote. Help!
NO on #PollutingPruitt... get loud and in front of tv cameras!
@jonasokon Beyond troubling and several is more like numerous
No to SP. Please keep fighting!
OK has had over 400 earthquakes! Drilling in our Nat. Parks /no responsibility for spill clean up is next. WHAT WILL YOU DO???
please keep fighting for the EPA, this is going to be a tough issue.
we expect full discloser when the document dump happens Tues. and actions by our reps! Follow the money & corruption
You stood by as #EPA abused their power by their excessive over regulations and lawsuits against farmers in #CentralValley
Please vote NO.
Sounds like the perfect guy for the job.
Delay vote. Use procedures to delay vote until Pruitt 3000 emails are released Tues.#Pruitt will destroy our beautiful planet
Can we count on a NO vote, after a delay to see his emails, Senator?
Don't let him in and investigate those documents he's been holding back for 2 years
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS. And Trump didn't know or care about that.
Yay, Senator Feinstein...we love it!
Yes it's VERY troubling. Prove you mean what you say. Actions speak louder than words. Just vote "no".
We need to see his public records. What is he hiding?
fight and hold strong 
Judge just released his docs. Will Congress even read them before voting?
Facts are overwhelming on Soros Communist Nazi leader of the Democratic Party! Americans are aware and awake on this subject!
Its more than troubling, and what is more troubling is your very lukewarm opposition to him. CA demands more from you.
Vote NO Senator Feinstein!
NO on Pruitt!
We need you to give us information on the ICE meeting today via Pelosi.
I've read that Trump plans to disban the EPA ... Please don't let Pruitt take it over
focus on outlawing ghost guns purchases, shipped on line...
Please get some R's to go along with the Dems!  This guy is REALLY bad - watch @maddow 's show tonight on him. Scary!
Block any all of Trump's picks.
well don't vote for him.obstruct. Duh. Now about that investigation and Flynn testimony. Take. The. Lead.
His record is more than troubling. It is EVIL.
EPA running roughshod over Americans is over.  Get used to it.
He's a disaster for the EPA. We appreciate and expect your dissent. Thank you.
NO ON PRUITT!  I want clear air and clean water.  I love my planet and I don't want coal in the water.
- Please oppose him.
you should watch what @maddow uncovered tonught about him.  Please pressure Senate to delay confirm vote until docs r released
That means he knows as well as anyone the burdens the EPA places on all of us.
didn't he buy enough carbon credits?
"troubling" is a gross understatement.
Definite Trump man
@JJohnson2u Yes it is. And so were the records of the nominees for whom you voted yes. That makes YOUR record troubling. 
SP can not be head of EPA
Good. EPA is out of control and must be reigned in.
Are you OK with a little hazardous waste dumped in your backyard? Asking for a friend.
you MUST rally the no votes. Please!!
Like so many others, that is why Trump picked him..an easy
manipulation.
stop him. Get his emails he has been hiding!
So what's the problem?
it's more than "troubling" it's HORRENDOUS! Please fight!!!!!
Tell the full and complete story Huge Foreheaded Frankenfeinstein you liberals are insanely pathetic
Wow Huge Forehead Frankenfeinstein
 you have from the looks of it the real walking dead following u from these comments
@joexg30  Yeeesss to TERM LIMITS
the EPA is an abusive form of govt that at the very least needs to be drastically reigned in.
Make The thief the cop.
And what about the weird Execution drug  that botched a death row execution that he chose on the internet???
you better vote NO on all of these losers. Primary??
Tuesday we get document dump of his communications with oil and gas companies from lawsuit.  DEMAND review before vote!
first 20 minutes of the Rachel Maddow show will tell you why NOBODY should vote for him. Delay until Wednesday at least plz
wish you had been so observant re: a few other nominees.
don't vote until you get to see his emails. Court ordered to release by Tuesday.
Please oppose and convince others to do the same.
please oppose
