Law enforcement nationwide has condemned the president's comments. DOJ MUST follow. My letter with @SenBlumenthal: https://www.feinstein.senate.gov/public/_cache/files/0/e/0e16874d-c0e0-4dae-aaa5-0cbcc85a2ddc/68B0D0DE4CDB1B0A4BB20E60ED89A3C6.8.2.17-letter-to-ag-sessions.pdf …
You're a political hack. You've gotten rich by failing to represent your constituents. When you're dead and gone history books will remain!
Zoom in. Is this how u follow God? EVERY red state has them that I've driven thru on my roadtrip
You do realize the world wide web is 97% porn right?
Oh ok. Now it makes it alright.
You said that; I didn't.

You're arguing apples and oranges.

 Those porn shops were there when @TheDemocrats were in charge. Their fault?
Toleration? What of Eric Holder's gun running Senator? One US agent was killed with one of these weapons.
He's a punk and a coward!! He agrees with trump to rough 'em up!!
Aren't you the anti-gun kook who walks around with an armed security team?  What do you ask them to do, use non-lethal tickle defense?
Why am I finding these in every red state on my road trip? Zoom in. It's pretty disgusting
You ever been thru blue WI??  u R repulsed by XXX stores, Im repulsed passing by Catholic Churches.  Maybe they should be 18+ to enter, too.
What's on your eyes?
Blue lives matter
You're assuming our current AG has an interest in pursuing justice rather than abusing his power. That's a highly flawed supposition.
WHERE IS YOUR SENSE OF HUMOR? OH, RIGHT ONLY IF DEMS. R JOKING.......STOP THE PARTISANSHIP AND BEGIN BEING AN AMERICAN
O'h pleezzz !! Get a real life . #Retire
Yes it will if we are firm and tell people that evil in our nation is not tolerated, from government, citizens or immiggrants!
No word about excessive force before November 8, 2016...
Your mouth has been running long enough. Time for you to shut up already! #TermLimits
Disturbing. He's a bully whose surprised and racist Sessions would go along.
Ya you only support it when instigating wars w/ Russia or one syria false flags.or using tax money for terrorist support. Hypocrite
So criminals are allowed to fight the police and try to injure or kill them, but the police have to treat the thugs with kid gloves!
Oh please keep fighting for us.
Excessive like the idiots protesting in the streets!
Nah he'll just make it crystal meth and amp up the police brutality.
Sessions going after first amendment rights shows what a spineless opportunist he really is. What does Drumpf have to do, kick your dog?
Wish he could shut you up!
Only if the democrats stop using extreme stupidity. And this includes Maxine
Its good to know my thoughts are being heard!! #SenFinestein
Bravo
Wrong messenger. Session's the guy who said his kingdom weren't going to investigate police force complaints. Messes Trump and Sessions same
So you mean making me pay a penalty for not getting crap Obamacare that you force on me? Resist arrest get roughed up easy
Good luck with that. Sessions is the embodiment of the small town cop whither too much power who sets up a speed trap at city limits.
Just logging back on don't tell me he did something else today.
The problem is not the @POTUS  or Republicans
it's the new liberal Hitler Youth that is denying others free speech
Time to Stop Sessions &Trump on this issue. Pls.make sure we always find out the truth through the press.
Who types this bologna for you??? You should get a handle on it Sen.
She sure did. Sessions (if left unsupervised) will take us back to 1960's. He will recreate Alabama, but at a natinal scale.

JudgingU
In response to YOUR disturbing comments, you are full of s..t. You don't deserve to be where you are. Just go away. Retire.
Are u kidding?? He promotes it too
Dianne...stop spreading BS.
All we really want from Sessions is to go after the Clinton campaign criminals. And Hillary herself. Anything else is a bonus
I would really like to see that.
Wow! Way to get right on that story. I already filed it away in the "Outrageous Things Trump Says That Congress Doesn't Respond To" bin.
Trump wants USA police to join ICE as his Gestapo
Not gonna happen anyway since Sessions is Drumpf's man
You keep saying you are progressive but you talk about issues that worked many years ago. We would like to make America great again also!
Unless it can be reasonably articulated. Come on now, be fair at least once.
In response to your disturbing comments, AG Sessions must make it crystal clear that excessive idiocy wont be tolerated.
Nor will regular force you will never support law enforcement people like you are the reason why we have this problem @realDonaldTrump
@SenFeinstein you are the reason why we have this problem
No one works harder for the American people than you do @SenFeinstein ! 
Except Trump
That's what his cult followers believe.
We saw it long before Trump. The press represents the dem/ socialist party. Together along with universities they spread their agenda.
You're not the contributing Americans leader
Never an excuse for law-enforcement to use excessive force. We're a lawful nation.  Police make arrest. Courts decide guilt/innocence.
Unless you're on the left and it's Trump. No evidence needed then right? Bsh!
Exactly Condemn that!!
@SenFeinsein thank you for all your hard work in representing us!!!
Yeah right little Keeble man is all for it and advocating for it good luck with that
Along with DNC criminal activity, voter fraud against Bernie, DNC front groups colliding w/ campaigns and media collusion with democrats.
Yea, good luck with that. Sessions will back Trump on this one.
Enough of our freedoms taken away! Imagine anything closer to what Hitler did as he gained power in the 30's? WRONG threat to USA!! Resist
Disturbing? My little tender feminine heart is hurting.
Trump's comments were twisted by the main stream media as usual.they want a story.senator,you need to look up presumption, propaganda,spin
Correction and most important God first, always
Have you sucked the public teat for so long, you've failed to notice gang activity in CA?  Those thugs need their heads bashed in, Dianne.
Also makes perfectly clear he intends to restrict freedom of the press as much as he can and prosecute those who won't disclose sources
IF what they leak is TRUE, why are they hiding behind the press. COWARDS come forth. Show yourself.
This is BS! We know the "press" is really a branch for liberalism/ socialism tOday. It's not even arguable anymore. They screwed themselves.
Isn't it wonderful that this country allows a diversity of opinion ion?  Ever been somewhere where that doesn't happen?  Russia maybe?
Well, I did visit a university lately. Socialists don't like opposing ideas or opinions. No tolerance.
Why are you dwelling on this - Trump's statement has been rejected by police forces.  Get over it already!
So sayeth Jack to a Tyrannical Giant!

I'd like to wait on that until we drag Trump's sorry ass out of the WH
Who's we?
Sessions comes from a culture where abusing people's rights is the norm. He needs multiple watchdogs.
Zip it Feinstein. Your SJW spin/lies won't work on TwitterThere's an ARMY supporting.@POTUS tough stance agst Gang beheadings
Senator, all of @POTUS' statements seem to disturb certain various persons. Could you please be more specific?
dont give him anything make him a lame duck
Disturbing to the corrupt politicians. Have fear lady, the people are awake
good luck with that Senator.
Sessions needs another public hearing for a slew of reasons.  American people deserve answers
So does the Clinton's... All of them
Unless its used by a progressive mob attempting in infringe on someone else's rights - then it's fine.
Sessions loves excessive force. He had a woman arrested for laughing at him. He's a fragile racist longing for Jim Crow. He won't denounce.
Can you prove any of this BS
I'm afraid AG Sessions is still in @realDonaldTrump back pocket.
Why has @USAGSessions not been brought back to the judiciary committee to answer for his perjury??
He will have to face Mueller @some point I'm sure.
These leakers need to be making an example of with long prison sentence
I agree. Most of them reside in the WH currently.
Obama leftovers.
Citizens who are abused should and must file lawsuits challenging @realDonaldTrump and the police when their rights are trampled on.
Resisting arrest makes more force necessary. Please tell that to your black voters.
Classy bro.
