California is right to refuse to hand over sensitive voter information. Good move, @AlexPadilla4CA.
Well at least the lawyers are busy.
Only if, like Rhode Island, CA wants to keep ineligible voters on the rolls and ensure everyone retains the right to vote twice.
CA is part of this Nation. We need to do our part/be a part of. Bad move, what are you afraid of?
They released voter data publicly unscrubbed that's why.
Well then we will see if it matches up....
They've already released email, name, etc. without scrubbing what do you think they will do with voter info? Unethical.
You want us to trust you with out voting system, yet you won't insure its free from fraud. Sure makes me wonder what your real goals are.
odd how liberals and conservatives can flip flop. If Obama was asking for voter information, GOP would be in fits and argue states rights.
That may be true but it doesn't mean that there may not be fraud in the system.  Here in Cali, most of us have suspected fraud for years.
Yeah, there's a fine line between suspicion and conspiracy theory. We can't have nonpartisan committees on everything.
Though a 2016 election committee with a focus on Russia influence and voter fraud might do some public good.
And @FLGovScott was a #TotalFail
Here we go again.
Just keep digging your debt hole deeper and undermining the security and safety of legal Californians with your sanctuary of evil.
GOP will attempt to enhance Crosscheck to remove minorities from voting rolls, as was done in 2016. Urgent need: investigation into it.
@SenFeinstein this can't be allowed to happen. My God, most of the stuff happening shouldn't be allowed, where will you draw the line??
Trump is an idiot
Thank you Mr.Padilla!! Bravo!
@KenDetzner turned over Florida. 
Fear of what you might find?
Thank you!!! 
You better protect those illegal and dead voters
Of they had nothing to hide they would turn them over. Put a stop to voter fraud.
If there's nothing to hide then it shouldn't be an issue
So much fraud in California. What do you have to hide Mr. Padilla?
The WEST WILL NOT YEILD TO THIS " GODFATHER WANT TO BE" !! NOT EVEN OUR REPUBLICAN FRIENDS WILL "SELL OUT" HE HAS ZERO LOYALTY TO ANYONE !
California should turn it over my polling place for the last two elections was hijacked they tried to keep my family from voting
Yes yes yes. Stay strong Sacramento. RESIST!
THANK YOU!
An even better move would be for Cali SecState to remove fraudulent voters!
I would not want everyone to find out about all the deceased and illegals that voted either
What are you hiding?
Thank you @AlexPadilla4CA for saying NO to voter data.
@KrisKobach1787 Go hide under a rock!
#votersuppression
glad the request was denied
YOU bought a copy of info. All Americans can BUY a copy. It's not Your info it's ours!
GUESS WHERE IT WILL END UP.....RUSSIAN HACKERS!!!

Hell no.
Ca is hiding what we already know...Dems cheat!
Having all voters records with personal info in one place is totally insane.Hacking by anybody is possible.Don't make it easier for Russia
Too many illegals to deal with
Stand strong for California
Thank you for protecting my voter info! Grateful for the strength and integrity of California's leadership
he should show us his taxes first
Cut their funding off...seems like California is covered in voter fraud! #whatareyouhiding
California is hiding more than any other state.
Thank you California! 
Trump will give that information to Russia even as Russia backs North Korea.
Having all the info from all the states is an open invitation for it to be hacked.  That's a security issue. Stand strong and say no.
GOOD FRIDAY, (Senior) Sen. Dianne Feinstein of S.F. California,  A long yet; successfull night for Democratic Party & the Amerian People 1/1
2/2  Having won the fight-battle  for America's Heath Care System; at least for the present. Please Have a Good Weekend.........
Thank you for representing my state well!!  Please NEVER turn over our private Information!!  Love my state 
If they want their "publicly available" voter info, let them get it themselves. Nobody is falling for this fake commission.
The Commission has probable cause to get the records....and the greatest offenders of voter fraud are fighting the side of good.
It's like OJ " looking" for the killer.
I personally wish that every state would standup and say NO
I wouldn't give it diddly square
California must NOT hand over  voter data to Trump's witch-hunting fake voter fraud team! This "team" must be disbanded.
Exactly! Thank you both!
For the 2time thank you Mr Padilla.
Obama encouraged illegal voting.   it out
Those records belong to the people of California, not Trump or his henchmen. Thanks @AlexPadilla4CA for protecting our voting records data.
Thank you both! Don't give in to that moron Kobach
Yes, and this highlights the crucial and growing importance of each state's SofS, AG, Governor and legislative majority.
Thank you! We do not want our info handed over! @SenKamalaHarris 
Please stand firm!
is it a good move to keep your fraud hidden ? im curious to know how many illegal voters in california there were,not to mention the dead
Thank you both.
WRONG!
Afraid too many illegal votes took place!
It's the same data they sell to campaigns
You would never get elected without voter fraud!
If your state refuses to hand over data, no need to worry. #StayRegistered so you can vote Trump and GOP out. #Vote2018
Stand up for us.
Thank You!!! 
Yes, thank you 
New York will never knuckle under to these bullies either!
Be prepared. California turning red. No re election for you @SenFeinstein
CA already sells voter data to vendors
Stop the lies DiFi
https://www.ocvote.com/data/voter-data-available-for-purchase/ …
https://www.lavote.net/home/voting-elections/election-resources/purchase-information-fees/general-info …
