Deportation order splits Oakland family and highlights shift under President Trump. http://www.sfchronicle.com/bayarea/article/Deportation-order-splits-Oakland-family-and-11746484.php … via @Haleaziz 
You want to do something about it, change the existing immigration laws, don't just try to break them and complain when they are enforced.
When the 2 immigration laws passed by the House come to the Senate, I'm sure @SenFeinstein will vote to protect hard working immigrants
That's not immigration reform. Kate's Law and the No Sanctuary for Criminals Act uphold and strengthen existing US immigration law.
Then why are hard working people who are not criminals being deported and ripping apart families?
Because they BROKE THE LAW COMING IN ILLEGALLY!!!
Suddenly enforcing this means families who have been here for a long time are being torn apart. It should at least have a grandfather clause
How is this fair to legal immigrants who patiently wait and pay all required fees before entering the US? Illegal aliens cheat the system.
Cruel is the correct adjective to describe this President and the motivation he has to implement disastrous policies.
Like if I broke into your house and helped myself your gonna like me being there
If they follow laws from beginning this doesnt happen. The first step in America without a visa makes them criminals. It is the law
Why didn't they use the years they where here to apply for citizenship?
Taking advantage of citizens imo
Maybe read the article before you judge. She paid her own way through college to become an oncology nurse. And they did apply for asylum.
I wish she followed the preexisting steps to come. I didnt ask her to come but she spent my tax dollars. Could have brought Tuberculosis
U and your Democrat buddies are why Calif. is dying. Poor schools, High taxes,poor roads. What the hell have U been doing????
ATTENTION TO ALL ELECTED DEMS . if every single elected Dems does not come out and denounce CHARLOTTESVILLE NAZI RALLY ! RESIGN NOW !!
Like the American jobs you outsourced forever destroying careers, homes , families ? Suck it up buttercup
You know Diane you've been in the senate for how many years and didn't fix this mess? Don't blame Trump blame congress!!!
If they had not broke our immigration laws they wouldn’t have to worry about deportation.
Why is America 'great' by deporting this couple???
America hasn't been great in along time. We aren't #1 at schools, jobs, freedom, rights, Heck Hillary is a know felon never been tried.Great
So let's support open borders like the EU.  A North American Union of Canada, USA, and Mexico is inevitable.
bull hockey.
@sfchronicle @Haleaziz If you are ILLEGAL you have broken the law!!
illegal is illegal no matter how you try to spin the story.
So is the Chechnya mafia in NYC and the Russian bordellos incl sexual trafficking from china answer to that?!
Kick them out so we can put Americans in that job. We have hungry hookers all over America because they do it cheaper. Daaaah
when they get deported why did they come back.Your giving more to illegals then your own vets that are dying on the streets.
Not a president!!!!!! His a criminal
They are talking Trump, Clintons didn't win silly..but she better go to jail, murder, Benghazi, private server, rape covering bitck
I hate trump so much I get upset and stressed out  he is doing so much damage to everyone
Wake Up!!!! Trump is trying to UNDO damage done by do-nothing Obama and crooked Hillary. What have they ever done for U, unless u R illegal.
@sfchronicle Trump has made a pact with the Devil, Bannon his worst nightmare is coming, Trump is affaid what damage he can do
Illegal means illegal.  Your weak and need to resign
Don't break the law and your problems will go away.
DO NOT showboat this. Our immigration system needs help. Fix it and then put your story out
You mean ILLEGAL immigration which is way down since Trump! You Dems disregard the law and think you're above it & I'm tired of it!
All lies probably just staged
Law before emotion! The law must apply to everyone even if they have a touching story.
Which laws do I get to break?
Democrats gave a STANDING OVATION for a wall & deporting illegals committing crimes
Thanks for pointing out the hypocrisy
If this was Malibu, would you Islamocrats be concerned? 
https://www.infowars.com/video-stunned-tourists-watch-migrants-invade-beach-in-spain/ … … …
So we shouldn't enforce the law against criminals if their family could be adversely affected? Solid principle.
You were elected to represent the American people (citizens) - not to harbor illegal aliens which is a federal felony
These are not Trump's policies.....they belong to you....take ownership.
How about the split in Kate S family? MAGA. 60% population approval
I thought he was going for bad hombres.  This is a travesty.
He started his evil plan with the dreamer list.  This is not the America I served.  We are better than this

So cruel for people to follow the law that must be some Dem shit because my mom told me break the law go to jail, yours said we're rich!
Are you awake?  When does it end? Come through the front door and you are always welcomed...the immigration policy works perfectly!
This is despicable! What are YOU doing about it? YOU and @SenKamalaHarris should be STANDING w/ family IN PERSON, get it on the news!!!
The whole family will reunite in their native country.  No one made them come here illegally.  They have themselves to blame

Why do you not represent legally born Americans. Stop with the illegals
It is neither cruel nor arbitrary to enforce our immigration laws.   You need to be removed from office if you cannot represent citizens
Don't judge with emotions judge with facts.
And I can bring an article out from Kate's Family! This is why you lost!
Oh please! There are soooo many sob stories and I find them all without merit.
The evil done by the democrat party against black people is the heartbreaking story.   New immigrants favored over black  citizens is wrong.
You should care this much for American people who have hit hard times. You need to retire now.
Pls stop whining about trumps idiocy and get to work on removing him.
CA voters EXPECT @POTUS support REPEAL #SB54 CLEAN OUT voter rolls #ElectionCommission @GovPressOffice @OANN @CNN @MSNBC
Give it up already! Geez!
Could be that the family came to America illegally? If Bush & Obama had enforced our Immigration laws we may not be in this situation.
Come here LEGALLY and they won't have that problem,btw Dianne, how the hell did Dan White 'miss' YOU that day Nov 27 of '1978 ? #Damnit
Very sad...we go low. Horrible.
You know what's crazier is deporting illegals then they coming back through a virtual open border and kill US citizens
Shame on you
@realDonaldTrump answer to this  Chechen criminals,sexual trafficking and illegal bordellos in NYC incl china you sir are a liar!!
Deportation should be force upon any Chechen & Russian criminals and mobsters in US including sexual trafficking from china @realDonaldTrump
It's the law. If you don't like the law petition Congress to change it. That's the way it works in America. PS. Good luck with that.
Thank you for drawing attention to this, Senator.
Impeach now please!
Why don't you try to help real citizens who contribute instead of immigrants who break the law and take away from what we have built?
Just so much Liberal propaganda. . Joseph Goebbels would be proud...
Take responsibility. You are a law maker aren't you? Stop passing the buck and acting as if you are so innocent because you ignored it
Even though I don't agree with much of what he is doing this is a law you had an opportunity to fix but decided to ignore instead.
Can u now tell Kate's story or the girls raped in other sanctuary cities
Yes, ICE and DHS are not going after felons. They are intentionally breakingp families! 
Awe! Must be hard watching your voting base be deported.

Should have deported all of the family
Tent cities full of homeless Americans abound in Oakland...let's see if they want the job.  Americans first.
Respectfully , independent here : if entered  illegally  must face consequences of illegality period/Unethical to take advantage of Citizens

Straight Russian propaganda. No wonder #Putinbot 
You will be blocked now
You're the kind one. But the lazy one. Not addressing national policy, so YOU'RE responsible for this. @potus just got there. What u offer?
It's opposite day everybody! Cruel/arbitrary is been what it's been for 30 years DIane.The policy is clear now if you're illegal you're out.
That just isnt true mike, even if your legal you can be out and the things that used to be considered, like children, are not
We're deporting legal s now?  Show me!
my heart. No human decency in administration.  at it another way- food costs, taxes paidif you won't  at it as families hurt,  to
Someone read this story to @realDonaldTrump.
Why do you think they should be above the law?
Please keep fighting this. #CAconstituent
Why is thete no LOUD outcry for #ImpeachTrump  honestly, idk ehy. I think its abdication of congress duty
whats heart breaking is your disdain for the rules and law that are on the books!! your party made these rules less you forgot!!

This is bullshit. This is a family with 3 members who are undocumented Americans. @ACLU Can anything be done to protect this family?
First, not Americans. Second, yes. Deportation for not applying for citizenship even with all the time they had.
False. They are undocumented Americans. Further, they have been working on legal status for 17 years. Did you not read the article??? I did.
This woman is responsible for crafting the laws of our country yet she does not stand behind upholding those same laws. #TermLimits SMH
U r cruel!
Amendment 25. Please
Stop, president Obama deported more than President Trump, where were you then
And so did @billclinton
How many of Trump's nominees did you vote for again?  Huh?
According to the UN, there are 66 million people in the world with the same story. So Senator Feinstein, why not bring them all to the U.S.?
YES! Sen.Dianne Feinstein, this Thursday Evening!!!
Shouldn't have been here ILLEGALLY then.
#BernieWouldHaveWon. #Resist Corporate Democrats.
He doesn't care, the pander-in-chief, and neither, unfortunately, does his compassionless, racist base.
He's evil!
It's "cruel and arbitrary" to allow @ICEgov to actually do their job and deport those that deserve to be deported?
Feinstein you suck.

Immigrants are always welcome! They should come legally...according to our laws!
https://nyti.ms/2vneoJE 
I think you mistaked @realDonaldTrump for @billclinton
The same can be said for the insane war on drugs #compassion1st
You and your party should have enforced the law instead of giving these people the false hope that they could stay forever. Shame on you.
What would Jesus do?? Fake "Christian" republicans
be the first slave ship 
I HATE this
You mean protecting our sovernity and social safety net
By "cruel and arbitrary" do you mean historically normal and widely accepted?
Dianne do your job stop harnessing the president for the sasle off publicity and party politics
