That may require locking the republicans out of congress, they seem to be happy selling out to highest bidder/Russia.
Ur confused. The facts as they r now actually show that the democrats have more and deeper ties with Russia. Let me know if u need the info
Lol, I don't need your "info"Trick to critically thinking about the news is if you have the "real" news & need to share it, it's likely fake
Trump. .???
Yawn. Turn off the fox, infowars, breitbart, Limbaugh shit & try real news by real journalists. Seriously, try it for a week then we'll talk
Ok. Try @stranahan
Oh girl, you trying to hard. You go read real news for a while & we'll pick this conversation up then, ok? Not interested in ur conspiracies
Don't b a sucker..
#MAGA CA
Good idea!  Though I have been continuously commited.. the DC establishment on the other hand...
like jailing these individual's that are threating the POTUS
Like Jim Costa?
yes
#2A
Is this a joke because you folks are going the opposite direction of the Founders Ideals
So all Dems are resigning.
Slavery and genocide!!
I don't recall those two ever being "ideals"... We celebrate today in spite of the darkness in our history for the good that survives.
You need to go on netflix and start watching documentaries. Actions speak louder than words and American values are now corporate interests.
I went to law school and studied the Constitution and its history. Maybe you should do that instead of watching Netflix.
Sounds like you are putting me down based on your education. Hope you are doing something better than that with your law degree in general.
Excellence, hard work, integrity, personal responsibility, and Christianity
Who told you that this nation was founded on Christianity?
"The God who gave us life gave us liberty at the same time." --Thomas Jefferson
(2/2) or prohibiting the free exercise thereof,' thus building a wall of separation between Church & State. -  Thomas Jefferson (1/1/1802)
This is also correct.  Getting back to Christianity does not mean wanting a church-state.  You know what it means.
I don't follow. How could a country that is supposed to be founded on separation of church and state also be founded on a religion?
Not founded ON a religion, but by persons (and families and communities) with strong religious beliefs as their moral compass.
Those would be the opposite of your ideals... But back to your relentlessly ignorant understanding of what our country was founded on...
i urge you to help keep America's wonderful horses safe from mass slaughter. They enrich our lives'.@ASPCA @realDonaldTrump
What are you doing to hold companies accountable for outsourcing jobs to places without human protection? Those are slave values. #FairTrade
And what are those Ms. Feinstein?
God bless America !
Try and starting with truth and honesty. If that's not too complex a concept for you
Agreed and let's begin by impeaching an unfit unqualified dangerous president. It's why we have the 25th amendment
If only ALL our elected officials had the courage & vision you do we would be fine. With trump in the WH we are challenged.
Yes! Like declaring our independence from tyranny!
I suggest you go back and read up on those Ideals.
So you are going to let us carry guns too? 2nd amendment and all.

We must impeach Trump & Pence #25ththe45th #ImpeachTheEntireTrumpAdministration
Then stop throwing barbs at this administration.
@iamleahmaria, Please open the CA damns and locks so your farmers can get water. The Pacific does not need rain water.
Trump is taking the people's rights our freedoms, with his " Election Commission " he's trying to suppress the vote, core of our Democracy.
Or something better...sans oppression, patriarchy, misogyny, fundamentalism, war, & white supremacy...among other unnecessary principles
Sen. Feinstein, happy 4th of July. The people & the country are upside-down & in crises. Trump is a dangerous man ruining our Democracy...
On this Independence Day, I choose  to remember my America in its finest times. When the people worked together in our hard times.
Best to you also Dianne
So then an unrestricted second amendment. Got it.
Thank you Senator. As a Californian I know you represent CA well in extraordinary times. We need your experience, expertise.
Yes ma'am!
Please keep fighting for our California values.
Isn't it ironic ...
Now how do we get the GOP to understand what those ideals are? Trump is doing such a fine job of tearing up our moral fabric. Do they know?
I think the republicans has taken away all hope of having a great country they are condemning our democracy and constitution
You can't do it.
Too bad we don't have a president who does this.
Plz keep ur  on @ChuckGrassley. It's difficult to tell if he's actually country over party. You'd hope so. Right, Chuck?#HomeOfTheFree 
There is a wonderful video on fb of Obama's last words....his sentiments also. 
Please stop shooting our Congressmen then
As a PROGRESSIVE your values started abt 100 years ago. Ur not committed 2 Constitution, UR commited 2 PARTY
2nd amendment is one of them. Please change your course @SenFeinstein, and don't attempt to infringe it.

Happy Independence Day, Sen Feinstein!Thank you for keeping #USA & #Cali on track! 
Thank You Senator Feinstein for all you have done for us over the decades.
I pray for the dems to do that everyday
I'm with you Dianne!
Happy 4th Sen. Thank you for all the you do 
Never waned. We the people...
OK, but what you wanna do with Trump ?
May God continue to lead you and bless you.
Yeah, like supporting the president. Go Trump.
Yes ma'am… And getting rid of Trump & his cadre of corrupt cronies!
Lets see some evidence of coruption beth notjust CNN crap
That is exactly what this administration is doing!!  The reason we are celebrating is due to citizens being armed!!
And kick out the current administration
I wish so much that YOU would do just that
From your mouth to g*d's ears
and that includes Health care is a Right and not a privilege. Please get on board.
Like impeaching Trump and Pence for a start.
Holding my groin Impeach this
Did it take you many hours to think up that witty response or did it just come out of nowhere like a damn stroke of stupid brilliance?
The American people have spoken, that is why we elected Trump.
Thank you Senator for great long term work on behalf of State of California and all US Citizens! Happy 4th of July! Please Stay Safe!
Peace to all that read this
Thanks!
It's hard to do that with trump on the loose. Thx
You mean small, limited government? Right to bear arms? Freedom of religion?
Happy Birthday America.  Recommitment started Nov. 8, 2016, some are just lagging behind....
Let's make sure that everyone's ideals are upheld. Not just the ones you agree with. Land of the FREE!
The only way we can accomplish this is if Congress sends Trump a message and impeached him asap be4 we all go into a war that we don't want!
The Democratic Party change the institution from the Old Plantations to the urban WELFARE-Ghettoes & Sanctuary Cities.  Typical radicalism.
The Democratic Party was against President Lincoln because Democrats wanted to preserve the Slavery Institution forever.
It will be better of if you leave the U.S. Senate & pass a legislation that PROHIBITS reelection to any politician in the U.S.
Please do Senator
@girlsreallyrule where were you when A.I.D.S was killing humans in your city. You were worried about your political future.
And the ideals which @GOP and @POTUS seem determined to stomp into the mud.
Not mud pande SWAMP
Happy Independence Day!

You had better retire then bc your ideas are exactly what we ran out 250 years ago! You are nothing like the ideas that gave us independence
then your views are 180 degrees off
Did you just say #MAGA? Wow, there is hope! @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr
Such as limited government, non-interventionist foreign policy and Laissez-faire economic policy? Sign me up.
Think #POTUS needs to recommit. He'll have lots of time in prison to become familiar with patriotism.
KBA should be KBG you need to be committed
It's nice that this is the rally cry of either party...that is, whomever is in decline.
Try America First !!!!!!!
Our Government was founded on staying out of everyone's life. You are doing the exact opposite of what the founding fathers wanted.
Good advice.. I suggest you TAKE IT.
Thank you for standing with us on the #HealthcareBill , Senator.
#NoBCRA #ProtectOurCare #SaveACA or maybe .... #SinglePayer !!
Pres. Madison was a religious man yet recognized the ideal of freedom to practice your OWN religion or none at all!
White male supremacy? 

No thank you.
Thank You  for you service
Happy Independence Day to you as well and thank you for all the work that you do for all Americans.
Thank you Madam Feinstein. Please know you are a dignified and respected official with much gratitude. I too wish to uphold our democracy
Yes try putting the one and only living savior first JESUS CHRIST then follow HIM MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Independence NOT in dependence.
Bring back Barry to lie some more? Shillary to make more money for the foundation that group was corrupt
Senator Feinstein, thank you for all you do as you keep fighting for our democracy. Happy Fourth of July!
@davidpsdem I watched as people were sworn in today 
Saying 'Happy 4th of July' is like saying 'Merry Dec. 25th'. Today is Independence Day, which just happens to fall on the 4th of July.
So... ideas like equality, human rights, or a social contract? Like found in the Declaration of Independence?
well,.. some of you have to learn what those ideals ARE..  then you can commit..
That means less DC more states Senator. R u sure Dems want that?
The flag. I don't see him, or politics, I see #WeThePeople, capable of defending our country that those before us died for. It is our duty.
Or at least some of the ideals on which our country was founded.
Easy way to do that is for you to resign, and for Congress to finally pass TERM LIMITS. No more lifetime appointments.
Our country remains committed.  The only person who needs to commit is @realDonaldTrump.
One of the pillars of our Country, the life blood which all other freedoms depend on is free&fair elections & we must fight to ensure this!
Amen
Yes.... Dianne ! It starts with the Democrats stop being Obstructionist ! 
Only way for that to happen is for your GOP peers to realize our govt has been taken over by an act of war & they should be fighting for us!
What the heck does that mean only dumb azz demos are trying to overthrow the pres communist all
Reading about the founding fathers (and mothers) thank God they tried to protect us from tyranny.
God is Lord and his law has not changed!
Like what?
not allowed 2 vote?
Racism?
I'm not looking @ da past 
I'm looking toward da future
We were never perfect
But we have progressed
Let's commit ourselves to becoming better than our founders by recognizing what is self-evident: ALL people have inalienable rights.
Absolutely! They are defined in our constitution!
They had some good ideas and some bad ones. Not to mention a lot of slave owning rapist and murderers. Let's just barbecue!
You first!
except with the civil rights we have today.
Prove it. Sign on as co-sponsor to S.446, the Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act. #2A
#25thAmendmentNow
MAGA
Please let pres know that we the people don't think the constitution is antiquated  NO WW3 stand up to Putin easing sanctions r sell out
You have a bit of conflict there Barry only bowed to the muzzies
Hug my city for me. Happy 4th to you and yours.
It's a great day to be a American.
Respect, dignity, tolerance and the ability to move forward, as we must regardless of the present situation, this too shall pass
SENATOR FEINSTEIN HAPPY INDEPENDENCE DAY ;TO YOU AND YOUR FAMILY!
Be more specific
Let's start by cleaning out the WH and corrupt team.
Trying
You mean freedom and small (federal) government, right? Those are our founding ideals. Not ever expanding government. #IndependenceDay
I'm not sure you're going to get traitor @SenateMajLdr and many from the @GOP to commit.

CONGRESS Needs To Charge The Confederates Working with Russia Government. . This Is TREASON and CONGRESS NEEDS TO DO THEIR JOB #firetrump
#25thAmendmentNow
Yes! #MAGA
Which are the opposite of what you hold.
Founding fathers never wanted open the borders
free healthcare
free college
free anything
Do you understand our values?
Ma'am that would be quite a change for you
I'm over here celebrating the suffering of MY ancestors.
Instead of celebrating the suffering of your ancestors, maybe you should read some articles about how to stop living in the past.
Happy Independence Day, @SenFeinstein Let's work on regaining our Independence from Russia. 
#July4th
Yes, also the Religious right  and dirty energy. Happy 4th!
The worst 4th ever. Are we independent? Or are we dependent on Russia now? Investigate vote hacking. It will prove that @HillaryClinton won.
yeah, investigate vote hacking..  and you'll find it was hillary working for putin, and 5 million illegals voting for hillary...
The Net Worth Sweep of Fannie & Freddie makes us a banana republic. Please join @RepMikeCapuano and @RepGwenMoore in condemning it.
Happy 4th of July, Diane Feinstein, and thank you!
Independence from overreaching, oppressive governments?  Hell yeah!
The qualities of a great man are "vision, integrity, courage, understanding, the power of articulation, and profundity of character."
Who wears it best, Obama or Trump? Easy one. Every. Single. Day. #nocontestthere #Obama
Obuma? What is/was great about a looser liar and coward
Yes, and please, kick some more butt for us, will you please?

Thank you for your efforts, Senator!
Let's get corruption out of office and competence back in. #July4th
Done!
Coming from a Democrat?  HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Exactly! A noble lifestyle!
