(2/3) I have a long-standing tradition of not announcing my position on nominees until the committee vote, which is Tuesday.
(3/3) This week, I requested a delay of the Sessions vote. Watch my remarks & thoughts on Saturday’s #WomensMarch:
How are you planning to vote?
Please do not allow Jeff Sessions to be our next Attorney General Vote "no" #Resist #Resistance
Interesting now that your woman lost, blue team are now the "obstructionists". Perspective; a relative thing.
VOTE NO ON SESSION!! PLEASE! If you are a Senator for the people you will not fail us!
Cali voters want u 2 vote #hellno on Sessions and Devos. Do your job and stand up. We're fighting harder than you are. #NoSessions #noDevos
As a California voter, I urge you to vote NO on Sessions.  #StopSessions
thank you
Do the Right Thing to an honorable man who has defended civil rights & the rights of ALL American citizens & #VoteSessionsAG
Msg to all you #LibDemocrats threatening not to vote for #DianeFeinstein, it won't matter. CA's so blue she'll easily win 2018
#stopsessions
Do not send Sen Sessions to floor for confirm vote for US AG due to his poor record on civil rights issues for all
vote no on Sessions.  Rebranded as a champion of civil rights is still a voter rights suppressor in borrowed coat...Vote NO!
this feels like a pivot. No to racism, no to assaults on the constitution, #stopsessions
Please say NO to Sessions!
Please vote no on Sessions and Tillerson.
what's wrong with sessions?
thank u! #stopsessions
As an admirer and California voter, please vote no for Jeff Sessions.
I tried calling your office, too -- mailbox full. I'm a California voter, urging a no vote  on Sessions.
yes! AND we, your constituents, need to hear you will vote NO on Sessions.
Will you oppose him?
Thank you!
why  don't you work for everyone.  There is no good reason to delay
Thank you, Senator. I marched, and I oppose the Sessions appointment. He does not belong in that job.
Great work.  Keep fighting for us! Thank you!
@bannerite @YouTube thank you Senator.pls do NOT vote 4 this racist bigot.I lived in the south 4 yrs & we know him well.RACIST
@bannerite How can you not speak up for immigration, EPA, the arts, science and education. It's in your DNA! Be against hate!
This is a no brainier. U and all @SenateDems @SenSchumer must unite & vote NO! Same with Tillerson. We're watching.
From a constituent in LA, please Vote No on Sessions.
I am a constituent and I oppose the confirmation of Sen. Sessions.
THEN STOP APPROVING TRUMPS NOMINEES, OPEN UR PHONE LINES, HOLD A TOWN HALL IN CA, AND COMMIT TO A NO FOR SESSIONS!
Thank you. Vote NO on everything. Delay, and resist.
Thank for honoring me as CA citizen and marcher. I have faith you will do the right thing and vote no!
all must vote No on sessions-there is no doubt about this individual's record, history, actions, ideas, racism.
Vote NO. I've voted for you so many times. Don't let me down #StayStrong
Plz vote NO on Sessions,NO de Vos,Mnuchin. Your phone systems inadequate,all lines busy DC,SF,LA,SD, Fresno Tried 100+times!
please! Vote NO on Sessions!!!
thank you.  I tried calling yesterday but the line was busy.  #NOSessions
please please please vote no on Sessions. I honestly can't understand why it's even a consideration
@DarkMission1 @YouTube I certainly hope you vote against Sessions #NotQualified 
I will give you absolutely no credit for this effort to delay the confirmation if you end up voting for him. Don't betray us.
long-time NorCal constituent here - my wife and I rightfully expect a No vote from you on Sessions (DeVos too pls)
thank you. Please vote no on Sessions and DeVos #stopsessions #StopDeVos
Thank you Senator!
Excellent! Thank you Senator Feinstein!
please vote NO!  ENOUGH IS ENOUGH.
Thank you, Senator for listening to our calls.
Thank you. Please do the right thing and vote no.
PLEASE vote NO on Sessions!
Tried calling your office(s) literally dozens of times to no avail. VOTE NO ON SESSIONS. Do not enable this administration.
Please make sure to vote NO on Sessions!! Anything else is unacceptable.
Depending on you voting NO and actually listening to your constituents.
the only vote here is #NO.   Anything else is a disgrace and insult to all of us out here fighting the good fight
Vote no on Sessions and DeVoss. Please!
What would Harvey Milk say if you voted for Sessions? What will your constituents?
We expect a No vote on Session and DeVos. We are watching and thinking about the primaries.
If you want a cookie for delaying Sessions, think again. NO on this entire #SwampCabinet. That is a bare minimum.
Please VOTE NO: Sessions, Pruitt, Price, Perry, DeVos & other nominees who are UNFIT due to self-dealing & inexperience.
vote no to Sessions and DeVos.
Senator, please vote no on Sessions!
thank you
hope this means you will vote NO
THANK YOU Senator Feinstein - you're giving us hope!
A must watch video for every woman. Senator Feinstein, you are our hero
Please vote NO one Sessions and vehemently resist Trump's agenda.
NO SESSIONS
NO DeVos
NO SESSIONS
NO DeVos
NO SESSIONS
NO DeVos
NO Pruitt
#RejectRex #ExxonKnew <R U crazyY R U not fighting corporate coup?
And your staff needs to clear your voicemail. Don't even think about claiming that not enough people called in.
. @SenFeinstein If you really want to impress your constituents, vote NO on all Trump nominees. You don't defeat Nazis with gentle scolding.
these are great remarks. I don't think J. Sessions will live up to these words as A.G. Please vote no.
keep up the good work. Stay strong and push back.  #WomensMarch #RejectSessions.
: This Texas Democrat appreciates that! But we need you to hold fast, okay? Vote NO on Sessions, please! =)
It is impossible to get through to your office! You must vote against Sessions, Devos, et al—we are all counting on you!
I've been calling nonstop but can't get thru. Plz don't betray your constituents by allowing confirmation of Sessions. #resist
I am proud to have voted for you 4 times, but I will 100% work for your primary opponent if you do not stand up to fight NOW.
No president has ever begun term with less support than Trump has now. Stand up. Defeat him. We don't need Quisling Democrats.
Jeff Sessions is a racist whose record on voter suppression + police brutality disqualify him as AG. Stand up. Block him.
Betsy DeVos is an idiot who knows nothing about education except anti-public school zealotry. Stand up. Block her.
Rex Tillerson knows nothing re diplomacy except how to kiss  Putin's ring, utterly unqualified for State. Stand up. Block him.
Thank you senator Feinstein, that was reassuring and strengthening.
I have supported and respected you forever. I implore you not to vote to approve Sessions. I have faith in you!
@egregory962 @YouTube You must oppose Price, Devos and Munchin. Do not back down. No complacency. America counts on you.
Vote NO on Tillerson while you're at it. Vote NO on all of them.
Vote no on Sessions, DeVos, Price, they are unqualified
millions of people didn't march so you can rubber stamp his cabinet picks! All of them are dangerous and racist
I trust you will do the right thing and vote no.
What about DeVos and Pruitt? Will you approve them like you approved Pompeo? Concerned CA voting democrat asking
Vote for him and you'll have a tough time winning if you run again
Please vote NO!!! 
Brilliant opening.  Please vote no and all others.  Once all these people are in, they won't be playing by the book.
you must vote against Sessions! We need to see a strong opposition. We must build trust.
@hilaryr bravo!
(3/3) This week, I requested a delay of the Sessions vote. Watch my remarks & thoughts on Saturday’s #WomensMarch: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9FnBdZDzU7o …
@hilaryr @YouTube it is about time
.@SenFeinstein @hilaryr @YouTube Big talk but wheres the action FIGHT BACK! Stop begging for GOP crumbs Be a leader or get out of the way
vote no on Sessions!
Vote NO
shame on you OBSTRUCTIONist!! RIGHT won, America voted! DEMONcrats REJECTED. Why don't you retire.
Please vote NO!
Vote NO on Sessions, DeVos et al. Should not be hard choice, CA should not have to call u to tell u not to vote in a racist.
As a longtime supporter, and SF resident, I urge you - vote NO NO NO on Sessions, & indeed, on all who are like him.  NO NO NO
Shame shame on you!!!!!  SAY NO TO EVERY OTHER NOMINEE IN FRONT OF YOU. NO MORE! WHERE IS MEETING TOGETHER. NO NO NO
Thank you for your delay of the Sessions vote. Please do not vote for this man with his racist ideology. #WomensMarch
if u can't stand up 4 us CA and vote NO on this swamp cabinet we need anoth Sen who will-draft Jerry Brown or Loretta Sanchez
I'm a CA resident do not vote 4 this man. Do the right thing with just having 5000 calls against him.
Senator Feinstein do not vote yes for Sessions!!!
@AmidPrivilege @YouTube Good.
VOTE NO!! zip code 94597 checking in
Any Democrat that votes 4 Sessions to be in charge of protecting civil & voting rights is going to be on wrong side of history
PLEASE DO NOT VOTE FOR SESSIONS!He is the OPPOSITE of what we need in that position.PLEASE DO NOT VOTE FOR SESSIONS!
I implore you to vote "NO" on the nomination Jeff Sessions for Attorney General. Thank you!
Senator, I have been trying to call, so I have tweeted & FB. Be CA's voice. No on Sessions, Devoss & the Wall
I faxed her tonight using http://faxrobot.com  it was really easy, just made a PDF of a letter
it costs $ .06, and I have no idea if it worked, but I sent it to all of her offices
But WHY do you have that tradition?! Who is that helping?! 
It's a respectful decision and one that, in previous contexts, was proper ...but these are different days.
do not fail us vote NO
I'm a constituent in 90049 respectfully requesting a NO vote on Sessions
VOTE NO ON SESSIONS! CALL ALL SENATORS EVEN IF THEY ARE NOT YOURS! THIS IS FEDERAL GOVT.  .@1PantsuitNation https://www.facebook.com/Pantsuit.Nation/ …
Thank you for your testimony and for standing up for equal rights for ALL. I'm proud to be a Californian.
.@SenFeinstein and thank you for delaying the vote on sessions!
CALIFORNIA has spoken, No Sessions, No DeVos! Represent those whom voted for you.
made lovely remarks about the joy, peacefulness and coming together of all people for the marches last Saturday.
(3/3) This week, I requested a delay of the Sessions vote. Watch my remarks & thoughts on Saturday’s #WomensMarch: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9FnBdZDzU7o …
Please vote no on the Sessions nomination!!
please vote no on sessions.
#DOYOURJOB vote NO Sessions #91310
Senator your voicemail is full in your WA D.C. and S.F. Offices -- please DO NOT approve Jeff Sessions. CA is counting on you
If Dems stand by tradition we lose. You have to understand that the old ways will fail. We will lose our country. 
Vote NO plz
Anyone threatening to primary the Senator needs to check themselves. Research her 1st. She's smart, hard working & progressive
Please stop the politics and drama and holding up Sessions confirmation. He is a senior senator of USA. This is why voters angry at Dems.
You have let us down many times. Do NOT vote YES on Sessions. #resist like we are!! Or we will replace ALL of you
Thank you for your response. Please vote NO on Jeff Sessions.
California is depending on you to vote NO on #Sessions.
, please vote no on Sessions, DeVos, and Tillerson. All of these appointees are a clear and present danger to this country.
Sounds like a delay tactic to me. Not enough Dems to block Sessions anyway. Dems lost - get over it.
Please do not vote to approve Jeff Sessions he is unfit to serve in that capacity because of his history of racism among other
Why is your mailbox full?? Why aren't you allowing your constituents to call with concerns?!
Your Job is to listen to your constituents--VOTE NO. The number one job of Dems is stopping Trump. #obstruct #doyourjob
no no no!
vote NO on Sessions! Don't sell us out!
I assume "delay" means "I'll vote no" and you also hold this belief on the lady who knows nothing about Education.
, I have long appreciated your representation of California in Washington - please do NOT vote yes on Sessions.
If you were to vote for a Sessions confirmation, you should resign immediately. No excuse would ever suffice.

I'll be knocking on doors for your primary challenger either way, vote your conscience
Thank you Senator 
Vote No. (constituent in Los Angeles)
I am already disgusted you voted yes for Pompeo.  Explain your vote please! Vote NO on Sessions.
thank you for all you do for those without a voice. #PredatorinChief #whitesupremisthouse
I appreciate your words. If this doesn't translate into voting no on Sessions, you will not get my vote again.
your votes to confirm Trump's nominees so far have destroyed any trust I had that you'd do the right thing.
please do not confirm Sessions!  I have been trying to call you for days. I can't get though. Vote NO!
Vote "NO" on Jeff Sessions for AG!
Hello Jeff Session got2 go.. What did MLK DIE 4??.
DEMOCRATS NEED TO GROW SOME BALLS.

WE CANNOT REACH YOUR OFFICE BY PHONE OR EMAIL... WE NEED YOU TO OBSTRUCT!!!!!!!!!!!!
If you vote yes on Sessions, you no longer represent the people of California.
YOU NEED TO DO MORE THAN DELAY.  PLEASE #RESIST Please Obstruct.  Please do not allow this hateful man in.
THANK YOU!! I have been trying to call you about this and your phone is busy! Also, Sessions is UNFIT! Please do not confirm!
I have long respected your service. Like many people, I hope you do not vote yes for Jeff Sessions.
Yes I agree That would be a TRAVESTY
THANK YOU!
Thank you Senator, please vote NO #stopsessions
I sincerely hope you take a hard-line position opposing both Sessions and DeVos. #resist, Senator!
now, you MUST vote no - let America know that California stands united against hate and bigotry. Please Senator! #stopsessions
Simple equation: Do you wish to stand against racists & fascists or roll over and acquiesce to their demands? #WWIsW
Please vote no on Sen Sessions. I'm from Alabama and we don't want him.
VM in your SF office full - no msgs can be left.  Your aides saying you haven't received many calls on Sessions. Is this  why?
Thank you, Senator
this should be a damn simple no
California constituent. VOTE NO.
We've been unable to reach your office. Pleas vote against Sessions and DeVos.
Thank you! Now if those 2 men could be respectful enuf 2 stop passing notes during your speech on disrespecting Women's Rights
I've been trying to call all your offices all day to ask you to vote against Sessions. Please count me; my zip is 94114.
Folks calling and getting full VM, try FAXing. Srsly, (202) 228-3954 is her fax#. There are fax apps for iPhone.
Please vote NO on Sessions.
RT @SenFeinstein eloquent request using historical arc of women’s rights to delay Sessions’ vote. Call:202-224-3841
(3/3) This week, I requested a delay of the Sessions vote. Watch my remarks & thoughts on Saturday’s #WomensMarch: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9FnBdZDzU7o …
I tried calling but can't get through. What would the Dalai Lama do?! Maybe you can explain it to him and us!
14 years ago, you made us work way too hard for Dream Act support. Now considering a vote for Sessions? SO livid!CA deserves >
a delay to vote no, yes?
What does a week delay do? We're not going away. We expect that you will vote no.
please say no to Sessions. Please.
if you vote for sessions we will not vote for you!  Shame that you have supported Trump's nominees!
I listened intently to your speech. It was sincere and thoughtful, and I feel confident that you're looking out for us.
every time I see you on C-Span I want to puke
please vote NO on Sessions!
thank you, Senator. And I ask that you vote against confirming Sessions.
now we need you to vote NO.  Our dept of Justice demands better.
Vote no on Sessions, DeVos et al. There will be no working across the aisle & helping them gets Dems nothing.
I send this message to urge you to vote NO on Sessions. I'll keep calling until I get through. Don't disappoint California!
Forget Sessions, fight for Veterans. Especially medically retired veterans. They should get crdp.
confirm Me Sessions!
Please vote against him.
please vote against the confirmation if DeVos and Sessions. RESIST!
I'm looking forward to congratulating @SenatorSessions once he is confirmed as my next Attorney General. Soon... 
If you vote for this known racist, you lose my vote. He is terrifying. Nothing you learn in new hearing will prove otherwise.
As a constituent I ask you to please vote no on Sessions, DeVos, and Price. They are completely unqualified & dangerous.
place a HOLD on Sessions until tRump respects rule of law. In other words, never.
vote NO
Not the time for tradition.
why would Democrats vote for ANY of @realDonaldTrump nominees? They wouldn't vote for Obama's so let them do it alone
retire
Voting NO is the only option. As is impeachment! Or we Repeal and Replace a Senator. Remember YOU work for US!
VOTE NO!
#vichydemocrat should resign.
