Does that make you blocker and chief?
USA doesn't need more people who cannot accept our constitution and accept US constitution. Sloppy imigration policies... Check UK!
And u won’t succeed.   This country doesn’t need the mess
Of course you will. The elite don’t need protection.
What is it with all you democrats the Muslims hate us. Why do you want to let in a Trojan horse? Who is responsible for 95% of terrorism?
According the democrats.... the NRA.....  lol
It is his first step in banning ALL immigrants! A WALL and to close all entry. That's my take on his actions.
Your primary function is security of the nation, and you fail miserably.
You @SenFeinstein are the embodiment of what's wrong with this country
Dems doing all they can to put Americans in danger! Believe it or not Feinstein, Americans Want the ban & the wall! And we will get both!
Well if you want import terrorist then shutter the Patriot Act and NSA !
Don't you ever get tired of dreaming up all the you spew?!
What are you going to do about the unjust discrimination against rednecks ! Very serious matter.
Thank you, Senator!
Thats all you people are doing is blocking.  Time to vote your ass out you are not for the people
One it is travel restrictions not a Muslim Ban.  Two, that means you don’t want to keep America safe.
Ut Drew that is heiniestein and her lipshits method make it sound opposite of what it is californica at its best
Knock it off Europe should be the evidence you need to protect America open your eyes.
correction Radical Muslim Ban you are losing integrity and u have no moral compass get it right because we are sick of ID politics
Wow didn’t hear a peep from you when Obama did it.
Congrats! I didn't know you were appointed to the Supreme Court.
Sounds like you may be a hypocrite. Obama did the same thing and you were silent
Scrutiny towards mass immigration =/= a ban. I don't care for Trump, but what a dead horse to keep beating on...
As you attack #Catholics like Amy Coney Barrett because of her Beliefs or don't you recall your actions?
Feinstein is imposing HER beliefs. Atheism IS a religion. Article 6 of the Constitution forbids government from imposing beliefs on others.

Yeah but how many of them would she allow to be appointed judge. I mean if the dogma speaks loudly in us, have you read the Koran?

So Sad U R so blind U cannot C what these muslims T doing 2 Europe U must be a real American Hater 2 want that here   Do U have brain tumor?

The original ban was for 90 days to assess the process on immigration. Trump has had 272 days to vet his position. He's failed.
What is wrong with you, Dianne?  We need to stop all immigration until those we hired write an immigration strategy.
Work more for EVERYONE you represent, in both parties, and tweet obnoxious crap less, please.
Are you kidding me? Really? With 99.98999999% of the rest of the Muslim world free to travel to and from the USA... at will?  @BoilingMeOver
Not Muslim ban, terrorist ban.  Just because a majority of Muslim nations harbor terrorist doesn't mean we are against law abiding Muslims
Total libtard nonsense.  Also, I don’t see any other religious base group doing what the Muslim wackos do.  Wake up Fenkelstein
When are you retiring !!!!!   It can't come soon enough!  Resist liberals / democrats
Why R YOU so supportive of importing more Muslims from countries that TRAIN terrorists! Immigration isn’t your job! Let the Pres handle it!
You'll have to repeal a law you passed back in the 1950's to do it.
The last one was overturned by SCOTUS this one will be too.  But nice pandering.
That's not true but some liberal justice is legislating form the bench. Liberals applaud this because liberals do not want a safe USA
Then you need to be jail to helping terrorist to come into this country
That didn't go well with Healthcare. What has changed?
wrong.  its a measure to stop potencial terrorists. it will be overturned at scouts.
Hypocrite. He is just enforcing you boy Obama's policy. Apparently the law does or doesn't apply depending on who is executing it.
Blood on your hands if a terrorist act happens. I'm blaming you!
I see that not a single #Republican is signing on to that piece of garbage. Good luck with that Diane!
Not a Muslim ban. You lost so they'll be no open borders. You lost
1. / Did .@POTUS add the country of Chad on #travelban3 because Exxon Mobile had to pay $74Billion in back taxes & fines?  Is that why Chad
2. Chad pulled their troops from Niger, that were working with ours on counter intelligence?
U don't care about Americans regardless of their status. Essentially allowing terrorists in USA unabated b/c Trump supports it is wrong.
don't forget your ban on cmme sense
YOU call it a Muslim ban. Others call it a ban on countries with no vetting procedures. Is wanting to know who is coming in such a big deal?
Yeah Dianne, you and your @SenateDems and @HouseDems let in all the murdering Muslims you can.  You should give them free flight school too!
How is this a Muslim ban? Many Muslim majority countries excluded. More leftist lies. Tell the truth for a change.
If it goes through then who will he ban next?
dianne!urchokingonpccult
tryingtouseittourselfish
advantage!-MAGA-comes
1ST!-sorrytodisappoint-u!
wearewiseto-u&yours
urcntrybefore-urself!
let’s let everyone in and the. The globalists win!  We can be like Western Europe.  Always looking over over our shoulder.
Then you're part of the problem, not the solution. You and the chairman in today's hearing both were feeble minded Magoos. Retire already.
Don't you have anything better to do than to continue trying to destroy America?  I guess not, that's prob all you know how to do.#SAD #MAGA
Diane, Diane, Diane.   I had hopes for you for a little while, but it seems a lost cause.   Go ahead.  You and Maxine can team up again
You don’t represent America, Dianne-California seceded from the US. You now represent Mexico’s government. You have  your bridges 
No fool, like an old fool.
Thy shall not make false accusations.... restore virtue.
Really?  What about the other 40 Muslim countries that are not on list?  They're allowed to come here.
Your putting words in his mouth, if you properly had vetted in the past we would not be were we are now, retire.
Not a Muslim ban. Its a matter of protecting the AMERICAN PEOPLE!
That's what you do best, block everything.  How about you protect Americans.
I hope if any terrorists do make it through. I hope they get you and your loved ones over me and mine.
Stop lying. @POTUS never promised a Muslim ban.
Why?
It’s not the call of the President of Hawaii..the Constitution gives sole power to the POTUS not a 9th Circuit Lunatic Judge..
When will you support Americans first?
He needs to focus more on the Christian Isis group. It's not like the I in Isis stands for Islamic.
I take it Dianne still has her head on.
No you damn Democrats need to leave well enough alone this country is overpopulated already don't need any more here keep them their
If and when the terrorists strike U think maybe the enablers will be in the front row to stop them
Steven Miller is working on the 4th
Right, we know you want lots of Muslims here to wipe out those Catholics.
Never happen at my Parish, well protected by the 2nd Amendment.
@senfeinstein it must feel so comforting living in the protected bubble you exist in.
Thank you for your hard work doing the right thing!
Judges legislating from the bench. This is not what our founders wanted.

The problem is terrorism. If Swedes were terrorists, then Trump would issue a travel ban on Sweden.
That race card expired Jan 20th 2017
Incorrect, Senator. It is a ban from FAILED NATION STATES. If you cannot understand this, perhaps you are unqualified for your office.
Shhhhh, you are messing with her repeating the DNC talking points.
Your part of the swamp! Retire now
You don't care about us citizens at all.
#NoBanNoWall
Thank you!
When people see your anti @POTUS @realDonaldTrump tweets people realize that you & others will never work together in Congress. $173k? Wow..
A "Muslim ban" that doesn't list all Muslim countries. you are fake news
It's not a Muslim ban. Muslims from many other countries are not covered by the travel ban; its dishonest of you to call it a Muslim ban.
Dishonest and a misleading term used to continue the delegitimization of Trumps presidency. #MAGA #BuildTheWall
Thank you
Like to hear your opinion on Sharia law & your opinion of the laws in the middle east that abuse women, children and gays.  We'll wait....
Because of our ugly truth RE:POTUS behavior, I am now more politically active than in the previous 20 years. Thank you for a logical appeal
BS. It's a ban from countries that sponsor or train in terrorism.. but by all means, Democrats should let them in freely.
It’s not a Muslim ban, again conscientious stupidity & sincere ignorance from CA Reps is unethical, immoral and hurts we the people!
You need to retire Immediately! It’s NOT a Muslim Ban!
Dementia could be setting in. Time to go out to pasture with Harry Reid.
Something fishy going on with the DOW Jones.
