Agreed. But does that also mean that some will have to stop cutting settlements with nondisclosure agreements?
Quit whining and do something to help make America great again
Like Hillary!
Oh just wait, your flipping Liberal state will find a way to pass a law saying harassment isn't illegal. Teenage prostitution, HIV, S State.
You should have said methree. Being you nut jobs have three genders now. Are you discriminating against the 3rd?     Triggered!
Senator Feinstein you have never been sexually assaulted or abused too damn ugly inside
Yes that worked well for Monica lewinsky
#AnitaBroderic
Or is this Twitter lip service. Kinda like Michelle Obama did with #sign when girls kidnapped from Bokoharam. & held sex slaves to Taliban
It's time to reign in Sexual Abuse from the industry leaders n sex abuse. Hollywood, Major Media & Children in Hollywood to. Come on Dianne!
Then ask for a FEDERAL INVESTIGATION into Hollywoods sex abuse that is industry accepted.  Propose laws regulating Hollywood casting calls
More bullshit from you.  We need strong laws with significant consequences. The Trump admin is gutting regs and what are you doing?  LEAD!!!
And until all the men who think they are better than women stop thinking it

This can never happen UNLESS we get rid of the FAT DELUSIONAL so-called PRESYDUNCE who visits the Oval Office from time to time
Some of us women look for it then cry perpetators
Woman have always been abuse but looked the other way. I can mangen how mach hell it is
I absolutely agree and I hope this current situation leads to a conversation on what we are doing to the female farmed and domestic animals.
And teach our men better. (Boys)

.@realDonaldTrump When my brother was killed, Pres Bush listened while I screamed at him & then held me as I sobbed, you fat fucking liar. https://twitter.com/commondefense/status/920004002087096322 …

Women are sacred vessels, able to give the gift of life.  They should respect themselves and demand respect.  Reason Marriage is scacrament.
Hollywood prostitutes itself for fame and glamour, whether on screen or behind closed doors. Many hollywood women exhibit shameful behavior.
What about ANUSED MEN? Why do U generalize???
How about we will never end the harassment and abuse of women if men do not stand up and take responsibility!
I agree with you, but you should never have said anything in support of Donald Trump!
I don’t think it’s bad in regular America. It’s pretty much vile Hollywood and the satanist elites.
You won't when you praise Hillary
Change the record 
#metoo
And yet you supported both the Clintons. Pandering for votes again, Dianne?
Speak out like this:
http://www.freewayblogger.com/ 
It reaches more people.
Did you tell Hillary that?
...and elect role models like @BarackObama instead of enablers like @realDonaldTrump
#METOO
We could start with impeachment. That would be a big first step.
I was false accused of rape by 2 different woman because I broke up with them and they got mad.... can I hashtag #metoo to?
You have the right to be mad, feel wronged, be hurt.  But not violated, abused or assaulted.
How so they tried to destroy my credibility do you know how bad it feels to be falsely accused of something that substantial it almost
Agreed. #MeToo. Our kids deserve a better world.
#ERANow  

I kinda think passing the Equal Rights Amendment would be a big step in the right direction.

http://www.equalrightsamendment.org/why.htm 
Yes. I agree and appreciate your comments. Do something about it. What are you doing about it?
Thank you. I’m proud that you represent our country.
Fracturing knee caps. Just saying
#MeToo 
Oh please,  it’s not that common.
Please read my latest post #MeToo about sexual harassment on my blog
Get rid of liberals would be mostly problem solved!
I luv  u Senator (really) but I think it is time to hang it up amiga mia. Another 6 yr term? 90 yrs old? Time 2 relax
Yah, like anybody would listen to an ancient Democrat who doesn't give a flying fig about OUR right to real health care!!
Gun ownership is the answer. Nothing says stop your persistence like a Glock 19. It's also a cure for rapist who can't control themselves.
there ain't a creature on planet earth that would willing touch you liar.
Stop harassing women cus they’re our grandmothers and mothers and sisters and wives and daughters .
Why is Trump not subect to the  morals clause that all other Federal  employees can be dismissed for?  Trump is known for deplorable acts!!!
Thank you for speaking up.
I’m with you on this one!! #metoo
AMEN !!!
#MeToo
If you don't make stricter penalties for sexual assault you will leave me no choice but to use lethal force to protect my wife and daughter
What laws are you going to put in place to protect my wife and daughter? Make stricter penalties for rape
Thank you for your bravery.
Starts with Trump.. Speak out. Have the Senate investigate.
These women spoke out against @realDonaldTrump for the sexual assault and rape he committed on them. Their voices matter.
#MeToo 
#Me Too
Thank you for your service senator Donald Trump bragged about it what's going to happen to bring Justice to his victims??
I would say that in your long career you've handle these situations well. And I don't recall you speaking out about personal experiences
No, you and @TheDemocrats just continue to ignore abusers as long as they make sizable donations. #democratssupportrapists
Baloney
The democrats turned a blind eye in my work place and allowed management to abuse women and men!! I spoke up and was punished for it 
You and the Democratic Party DID NOTHING to help us women in the work place!! I was harassed for years & you did nothing to stop It!!
I was assaulted at the age of 16 then again at 19. I was drugged so blamed for being assaulted. None of the men are in jail for rape. #Metoo
And teach our children from day one!
Men AND women!
While your at it take a stand against murder.
And men!  #Metoo

Reminder that if a woman didn't post #MeToo, it doesn't mean she wasn't sexually assaulted or harassed. Survivors don't owe you their story.
Ya'll are dreaming up this harassment stuff. Quit wasting time and money chasing fairytales and work on the real problems.
& HRC is leading the way for US
Thank you for your service. #MeToo
#Metoo
We need to raise our sons in a way that respects women.
And women to not believe its their fault!
APPARENTLY, WOMEN HAVE NO VOICE. RESURRECT NANCY REAGAN: "Just say no!" women always want to complicate things. #VotedeLeon
Where were the liberals women when Bill Clinton was in office?
Where do I start? #metoo
Please don't forget the people at the other end of the spectrum. There are good guys in jail because some tramp lied. My brother is one.
#MeToo
You should talk to Hillary and have her give Weinstein his money back..Hilary the leader in women’s rights!! LOL
then please retire at age 84
That is by far the most intelligent thing I have ever heard you say. Other than your statement that no law could be stopped Paddoc.
#MeToo
It'll take a universal definition of #CONSENT- Freely Given, Knowledgeable and Informed Agreement! http://bit.ly/1YAoRGW  @jm_short
And how about the torture abuse rape Govt is abuse the people with in acts of treason?
Yes speak out
well said. me too.
#MeToo

I don’t believe you were EVER the victim of sexual assault...unless he was blind and deaf.
I want to hear about what actually happened in Nigeria.
find a different thread this one is to support women quit trying to change the subject
Yep Sen. Feinstein, #MeToo!
Speak out when it happens. You can't wait 5, 10,20 years because u r afraid of your career being ruined.
https://www.facebook.com/tennisisworld/  like us :)
especially with donald in the WH!
Look what Putin got elected in the USA, we have now taught our boys you can abuse a woman and get elected president.
And  now you're disrespecting every single woman who voted for him.. This Thread is to support women not tear down Trump
You liberals always want a victim I think women are smarter and more independent than you give them credit for
#Metoo
@BarackObama is My Harvey Weinstein- The Constitution #MeToo
Me too.
Weinstein & Weiner (cousins?)
Wait so why is it wrong to be sexually assulted in the work place yet women supposedly like to he assulted sexual like in the bedroom?
Implied within this statement is an ASSUMPTION that all men harass and abuse women!!
No Jim. It's showing that too many women have been harassed.We need to speak out and stand together to change the norm. Stand w/us  #metoo.
I hear you -- & That's probably true in places like hollywood. Unfortunately, our legal system ends up putting innocent ppl in prison --
because of BLANKET statements like that. Not to mention the wide-spread, forced break up of the family unit in family courts --
usually ending in the financial ruin of the father along with minimal contact with his children!! And no this hadn't happened to me but --
There are many examples of men it HAS happened to.
MORE IMPORTANTLY, the children suffer MOST because of this libtard attitude prevalent in our family courts!!
We have always known about the casting couch for women, but now we hear children and men are abused. Hollywood.
A lot can be ended with stopping of false claims from women who are just trying to get even.
Like you didn't know it was going on already? Funny how he finally got caught and you run away.
Thank you Sen. Feinstein! You had my vote already...now you have my heart. #MeToo
Us men too. I went to a commercial shoot for brut and the producer touched meh. #metoo
& reprimand them for it. If we all, regardless of the situation, say "you won't do that to me" it will be a step in the right direction.
It won’t end as long as all of you keep sexual predator Trump in the WH. Start there. Enough talk!!
Democrats show little regard for women so you need to fix your own house you  wench.
I’m a female bartender. Some people seem to think it’s ok 2 touch, or make sexual advances towards us. It’s not! #MeToo
Well you do work at a place where dudes are trying to get laid. Or did that skip you somewhere?
Thank to Senator! Thank you for this & standing up for so many things #metoo
Like?  Please name some other things the neo - liberal senator has stood up for?  I'll track the money that caused her to stand up for them!
#Trump critics #MerylStreep, #AshleyJudd & #AlyssaMilano knew but contd working with #Weinstein making him money & enabling more #sexassault
And fire the Tangerine Toddler!  #MeToo
Lock him up, lock him up.
yes, the imaginary harassment! Why not take a trip to the Middle East to see true abuse of women. Instead of having equal rights and crying.
Or except if it's a wealthy donor who can buy your silence. Harvey is the tip of the iceberg. You know that to well
Kate Steinly shooting is OK.
Let's stand together The Hollywood sign is offensive we should demand its removal like the statues help us get the word out
Where were all the Hollywood stars and democrats that knew what was happening. Enjoying their festivities with Harvey I guess. Hypocrites.
Like you did for Juanita Broadrick, Monica Lewinsky, and Paula Jones?
THE MASTER MISOGYNIST WHITE SUPREMACIST RACIST...Donald Trump doesn’t see color(eds) 
by: @GossipOnThis
Trump attacking pregnant Women.

Stern: Fat ass from carrying babies

Trump: Sagging all over the place
Unearthed footage shows Trump squeezing & kissing a woman while talking about offering a job to a beautiful teenager
#MeToo
Like @BillClinton did?
Me too
No matter how hard you try Feinstein American people are walking away from the Dems handouts and control your base is fleeing
5:00pm @CSPAN 2 U.S. Senate,  @SenFeinstein , your UP or Down vote for Fmr.Speaker of House , Newt Gingrich (wife) Callista Gingrich, 
Now suddenly you want an end to it?  Hypocrisy is your middle name.
And when women do... who will hire them again? Who will help them escape and not loose everything financially? I can answer that one-no one!
That boat sailed Diane when your party took millions from him for your silence. Your party and media knew what this guy was doing for years
I lost my military career at the hands of a soldier that still serves because we still blame the women instead of the perpetrators #Metoo !
Bless your heart, I'm so sorry this happened. Broken broken world.
I must say the majority of US soldiers treated me as an equal and with respect. Per usual, the issues start at the top!
Yes ! Damn straight , we need to build each other up not break each other down .
Rapist, infant rape and false marriage! = kidnapped child. Pinellas county sheriff department does nothing
The President who you think could be a very fine President, is a sexual predator and likely has committed sexual assaults.
You need to retire, I'm not voting for you in the Democratic Party. You're too moderate and too old
Oh now your worried about it did you give the money
And tapes the producer of the Apprentice that show trump being racist and demeaning to women that they won’t share?  How do you get those?
#MeToo!
& IMPEACH A POTUS WHO HAS NO RESPECT FOR WOMEN. OUR CHILDREN ARE WATCHING DT HUMILIATE & ABUSE WOMEN. WHEN WILL U SCREAM IMPEACHMENT?!
When you can prove any of your allegations are true. You haven't, so she can't.
"You can grab them by the Pu*** " is not sufficient proof?
Proof of what? That you can use a phase out of context?
It's a very good time for the big wake up. Stay cool, use your head, stand your ground. Have a friend for support. Know your enemies. Men.
Not all men, but chances are, if you're going to be harrassed as a woman, it will be a man who does it. Watch for stalkers.

Do you wish to share your story it's for anyone.
I stand in solidarity with women around the world who have experienced sexual harassment and assault #MeToo #MenToo #IBelieveYou
Thank you
#LeaveMyGunsAlone

We’ll never stop the harrassment and abuse of women unless we speak out and stand together and protect our Second Amendment right.
The workplace is not the only place.
Austria just gave the liberal globalist the boot this is fantastic the American Dems they went too far Americans largely support austrians



I've said before that it would be hard to find a boomer woman who hasn't been/witnessed sexual abuse or harassment.
Boomer? Try Millennial, or any generation. 1 in 3. #meToo
Our Missouri senator married since 2002 to business owner who sexually harassed his female employees. She is aware of this and doesn't care!
Unless of course you got campaign money from Harvey during your Senate races.  Hypocrite!  TERM LIMITS!!
I agree Senator Feinstein. Do you agree Mr. President @POTUS @realDonaldTrump ?
Diane, how about this: #BoycottHollywood ?
#MeToo Too many to count. It needs to change now! Men stand up for your woman and all women; Do not remain silent and be silently complicit.
lol talk to your pal hillary, podesta, schumer, all you sick people need voted out.
I was aVictim of stalking and a victim of domestic battery. Had no help fled one state to another and still no help. I need help#metoo
bot
Well make it illegal and it will stop.
Your party owns this FrankenFeinstein. Tell it to @JerryBrownGov signed into law reduction of rape/pedophilia from felony to a misdemeanor.
I was at the grocery store, the cashier touched my hand while exchanging cash, I am tore all to pieces and now I’m gonna have to quit my job
And another abuser.
When Nazis call others abusers, you know you're in the right...
Winnie Eckert and her Buzzfeed #MeToo flock have proven to be Nazis.
@Spectre680 nazis???
An auditor reached over and grabbed my breast, while I was driving him around in my truck, on a ranch tour for produce food safety. #MeToo
I took care of it myself though, since this is what my clenched fist looks like. 
It looks soo hard and veiny
Absolutely & we can start with Hollywood CA, your hometown backyard. Most of the visuals such as movies, tv starts right there. Lead charge
And impeach the assaulter-in-Chief
Don’t forget Slick Willie!!! Lol
You might want to also go after women who sleep their way to the Top.
I am...

Copy & paste this if ur sorry bc you’ve done/said something sexual that you now realize was wrong, stupid, and hurtful. #IAm #MeToo
Thank you for acknowledging your part
I had a female Director who allowed the sexual harassment by a male supervisor to continue all because he did her job for her #MeToo
So your saying she had a man do her job which she got payed for. because she valued the pay check over her self worth she let it happen? 
I stand behind you! It's time to put an end to this disgusting culture. #MeToo
working in dc, i'd wager you could out so many badly behaving men on both sides of the aisle, but you won't cuz you're only here for the PR
I appreciate you Senator
Glad someone does
We men have to adjust our attitudes and actions as well. The burden really should be on us to be mensches.
Thanks Senator Feinstein for speaking up about this notorious issue.  Sexual abusers need to be put on universal notice... zero tolerance!
How much money did you two take from #Weinstein ? Love the way you #Democrats look the other way  when one of your own break the law!
