If the Koch brothers want to attack our health care we need to hit them where it hurts and boycott their products.
Hey Dianne. We met at the swearing in. Was wondering if you have given anymore thought to my antique gun collection yet? Decorations!
Poor man! Owning guns means you're afraid of everything! How can we assuage your fears? What are they?
No, I'm good now. I was poor then I won a small lottery and turned it into this representative job. Thank you, though 
Liar.   Quit spitting the same class warfare crap.
"Class warfare" is code for "I didn't steal all the lollipops after hitting all the other kids!"
Piss off is code for " off is in the general direction in which you can go and fornicate yourself "   I deciphered it so no confusion.
Hold on... are we off climate change?
Nice pointing out the Right is bad folks on a lot of stuff, but this is about health insurance - death for profit.
12 white men in a room with no input from doctors, insurance, ppl it affects, WOMEN! Great...GOP ...Gov't to Oppress the People!
@SenateDems ALL health insurance workers should be in jail for premeditated murder for profit. They INTEND to kill us.
It would be great if congress had the same "benefits" as regular Americans. You have no clue what our lives are like. #DemHypocrisy
So, instead of just voting against it and criticizing it, why not work on a plan that improves upon the ACA? #justasking
Should taxpayers pay health care costs for HIGH BLOOD PRESSURE, which can be controlled by diet and exercise?
FYI - it can be hereditary so diet & exercise don't always work.
Those w/ a thyroid condition or overeating due to a mental condition (i.e. abuse) would receive an exemption, when certified by 2 doctors.
And what are you going to do about it? Thanks 
You lie like a rug spreading fear and alarm to people ..shame shame
Diane keep them honest. You are a bright light.
@SenateDems Trump BLAMED IF DEMS KEEP WARNING WHAT TRUMP HAS DONE. INSURANCE COMPANIES LEAVING STATES? DEALMAKER!!  U BET!
We don't need Trumpscaresorce. I will be dead in 3 years if I lose my medicaid. I can't afford it any other way please fight keep fighting.
Can you show us the wording, page and paragraph for this lie?  Please?..... I will wait....
LIAR
Medicaid CARES for our children & our Seniors. Both unable to work & provide for their own needs. W/O coverage, they DIE! 

HITLERISH?
Also those with disabilities.
Should taxpayers pay health care costs for HIGH BLOOD PRESSURE, which can be controlled by quitting smoking?
Please do something about it!
@SenateDems #Healthcare reform shouldn't result in less Americans insured. demand a better plan from the GOP
Most knowledgeable Americans know this is another lie from the left.  You are embarrassing yourself!  Trumpcare is fair and affordable.
Since Taxpayers are paying the salaries of Democrats in the House & Senate, should they be preparing Healthcare legislation too?
Well, I know you passed Obamacare which took 500 billion from Medicare.  Was that a problem back then? He is cutting my taxes.  Not rich.
When Obamacare raised rates so working class people couldn't afford health care where were you?  Hiding under your desk?
More words of encouragement & hope from Feinstein WHO GAVE US OBAMACARE!
support single payer
Really ... a decrease of the increase is gutting? Spend the money of those who pay wisely. Don't shell out to cheaters and illegals.
Unless millions take to the streets in protest, "social Darwinism" wins, dignity dies. 2018 key: 25 @SenateDems up for re-elect, 8 GOP. WOW!
That is a lie why can't you people stop lying to the American people it's not a tax cut
KILL THE GOP HEALTH BILL OR THE BILL WILL KILL US(A).
Does it not cut taxes for all Americans?
It's not a rich persons fault that someone else is poor. On the topic of the richest Americans, how much are you worth? Hypocrite.
Fake news ! How is your Democratic Obamacare doing Dianne ?? Fact=total failure !
Your same sanctuary cities kill Americans !
Lies, you need to stop, these scare tactics hurt people who may believe you and depend on food stamps to feed their families.
@SenateDems More Lies and BS from the Dems. Scare tactics and un-named sources is all they can come up with.  Very sad! LOSERS
#SinglePayer
How much higher do you want Obmacare premiums to go?
PLEASE let this die in the Senate!
ZZZZZZzzzzz same old no agenda bullshit from dems.  GFY
Dems want single payer. Ha, a gallon of gas will be $5 per gal. Or more in Cali.

Ummmm the house doesn't have one yet. You are complaining again, not proposing.
Dianne "Frankenstein" Feinstein cuts Americans by dealing with Mexican drug lords through the Russian mafia !!!
You're not much better. Support single payer or be primaried by someone who does!!! #SinglePayer
SIngle payer. Singler payer SIngle payer. Singler payer SIngle payer. Singler payer SIngle payer. Singler payer SIngle payer. Singler payer
They hate the poor who continually vote them into office. #nosense
THAT WHAT REPUBLICANS DO!
Another reason for you to come around to Medicare for all! 
Please do SOMETHING to stop the madman occupying the WH!!! Senator, we are desperate!
SENATOR FEINSTEIN SO FAR THE ACA HAS WORKED IN A PRACTICAL WAY ;IF THEIR BE CHANGE; IS IT FOR THE BETTER?
