(2/3) These raids only add to the anxiety about what’s to come from the Trump administration. #KeepFamiliesTogether
(3/3) Tearing families apart isn’t what this country stands for and we’ll keep working to make sure that doesn’t happen in California.
You are alarmed at the enforcement of the law? I am confused, but I thought you were a law maker. Why create laws if you don't
please take action in whatever means possible to protect families immediately!
I am alarmed by this
great do something about it.
We are looking at our DEM, IND Senators' actions, daily, and are very biased in favor of taking specific actions.
your alarmed by them doing their job.....we would be just as shocked if you did yours! #timefortermlimits
These raids were set up DURING the OBAMA administration so sit down and shut up like Pocahontas!
you should be alarmed   trump states Only following through on campaign promises
get the real facts this is more demo crap
I'm alarmed that a "Law Maker" would be against Enforcement of Laws.
I'm alarmed that you're alarmed I guess you don't care about the safety of our country you are a good case for term limits
Then vote no on Gorsuch, Senator Feinstein, or we'll have no protection at all!
Where was Dom's protection?
Imagine that, a lawmaker alarmed by someone enforcing the law...what a freaking joke you are
but, it wasn't tyranny before January? Check some facts ass hat
Racist.
@sumoh7 I don't think "alarm" is going to cut it, dear. Might need to step it up a notch.
Your party needs to shut its mouth!! Elect Muslim troublemaker Ellison & you really will go down!
Overpopulation by hispanics, cause water shortage, food shortage, road repair, ENVIRONMENTALISTS! Wake Up!
Tearing families apart? Since when are we responsible for Mexico's problems & responsibilities? Huh??
Excuse me! Enough naive politicians who remain secluded & getting rich in their lifetime jobs!!
Your state is inventing more taxes so that your state can care for immigrants who break our laws!!Enogh naive politicians!
So wrong...ICE going for low-hanging fruit. Poor people are tetified.
I so hope you get voted out, you make America look weak
@TUSK81 "alarmed"? That's it?
@TUSK81 AND at BUS STOPS. Shameful!
@NILC_org THANK YOU, Sen!  If only Sen. Marco "thr immigrant's friend" cared!  Now, ACT! @marcorubio #NoBanNoWallNoRaids
As a SENATOR you MUST UPHOLD the LAW.
CA stopped being what America was about a long time ago. #SupportICE
This is NOT what America looks like. Hardworking families should not be targeted.
The law will be upheld. We have LAW AND ORDER and will be enforced. It seems like you Mexicans, go to Mexico then
@NILC_org Get on this. Protect those people.
what's the matter Dianne . I thought u swore an oath to defend the constitution and its laws
it's my job to speak out. It's your job to DO SOMETHING.
Yes. What can we do to keep ICE out?
Impeach!!! Start the proceedings!
Some  times  lots  of people  think like  the president,they  figure  USA is been  invaded.
#Dimentia #powerless #AmericaFirst
trump has invaded California now. WHAT are you going to do
- you're alarmed that the laws are enforced?!?
We need to stop this violation of CA residents. Don't let them ruin our economy via mass deportation or defunding. Sanctuary!
Alarmed by enforcement of laws enacted, many of which you voted for. That rich.  That's also #whyyoulost
I'm also concerned about reports of immigration enforcement in homes and workplaces in Ca.  Can it be stopped?
You took the oath and yet are alarmed by immigration enforcement of convicted illegal aliens?  You have to be kidding.
who do we call don't tell us u alarmed people should be armed with knowledge-da! Stop describing emotions!
This needs to stop NOW!   This is an assault on California by the federal government.   We must stand up for CA values!
Where is your "alarm" at all the crimes in California committed by illegals. Not a single word spoken by you Senator.
sleight of hand. Focus. R real probs r denial of info, defamation of news that doesn't agree. Talk across aisle. This is BS.
@KamalaHarris This is not the way to enforce. This is a fear mongering.
What Christian proliferation are going to care for the students/children who had ICE trap them today picking up the children?
you need to be more than alarmed, you need to do something!
Also, as is a common theme for this administration, ICE lied about the raids.
So you’re for wide open borders then?
not enough. State resources must be used to forcefully block ICE raids.
Thanks for supporting California Dreamers!
..this is retaliation because California is leading the resistance against him and his thugs..we made an impact on him..
You're "alarmed" that laws your peers draft are enforced???   Interesting view you have.
we are like 2 steps away from death camps. Why aren't we impeaching????? Crisis mode please
Quit being alarmed and do something about it! You people! You stand around pearl clutching. TIME TO ACT. IMPEACH
He's hitting California now because of the hugh vote loss. Revenge.
Califotlrina is nullifying Federal Law. As an American Citizen, aka Calif Citizen Y do you support breaking the LAW?
URalarmed at T/radical dangerous Democrat Rioters who threaten Americans 4voting for Trump?DIANE RU concerned about Americans?
How dare ICE raid the homes of illegals who are convicted of crimes in U.S.
Fight Trump!
stop them
do something
you're alarmed! You probably planned these little raids for publicity.  Or it's just #fake news
it's happening in about 6other states and no one can stop it they just sent back a lady to Mexico her husband was killed iracl
1984 anyone
don't let this happen.
me to! Stop separating families
This is being done in our name.  It's a disgrace and a horror for these families.  How does this make anyone safer?
CA wants this dont try and stop it. The citizans of CA wants this so represent the people of CA instead of Dem party
so are we.
Please do what you can to protect these people.
I do not understand how asking for law to be followed with logical consequences is wrong?? Why have laws if not to follow?
too bad they're not collecting idiotic elected representatives...then you could be alarmed...
You know as well as I do...only ones being deported have committed felonies , Remember Kate? Killed by one of your aliens
Shameful that a Senator advocates laws NOT be enforced. What's next: argue that aliens may commit crimes with impunity?
Senator- why have any immigration laws? Why have work or student visas? 
AZ illegal woman deported for identity thief.Protest?
Strange, where was the outrage when Obama deported more people than any other president? #hypocrisy http://abcn.ws/2bvTttX 
True
do your job work with our president to enforce immigration laws in our state
what fairy wings and i do believe in america which is why i want our laws enforced
if injustice becomes law resistance becomes duty..was also illegal to hide Jews from the Nazi..We fight those laws!
people who come into the country illegally should be deported i fail to see how your comparison is similar
I fail to see how you don't get how the raids affect their lives...
it does effect their lives but it doesnt matter they are criminals who should not be in our country
ok, many felons, but not all..he throws mothers, children in with felons. they R good &need help 2become citizens
.@SenFeinstein .@KamalaHarris W/raids, seems DJT wants to make an example of HRC-strong Calif. Feels v much like opening shot in civil war.
So proud of .@JerryBrownGov .@GavinNewsom .@SenFeinstein .@KamalaHarris for standing vs DJT. Calif an island of sanity in churning sea.
you are alarmed that the law is being enforced?
Sen. Feinstein, is there any hope to making sure family stay together? At least protect those family lived here for  5 yrs...
no your going back
I would like to know how it is ok for a president to call a senator "Pocahontas" This is CLEARLY racist!!!
Keep up with the illegal alien roundup. In the mix catch this hag Feinstein and deport her too
ICE should begin immigration raids at all Trump properties.
EO would be rescinded in a nano second.
@CraigRozniecki
I'm alarmed it too until now to enforce laws already in place
They are following kids home from school!
They are all over Austin TX.  Tragic and very sad.
You're alarmed that our laws are being enforced? That's pretty rich coming from a legislator.

It's happening all over. I'm hearing cases each day.
Diane, gotta use stronger language than boilerplate "I'm alarmed by reports of..."
Try this: "Trump's ICE raids are outrageous. They destroy hardworking families. We will obstruct mass deportation."
you people obstruct everything now you're obstructing things that have not happened or haven't been said

Trump VB is mad at California
