preventable if doctors quit giving them Staten drugs that actually kill them! Big Pharma making money killing people
Riddle me this... How many Muslim women are killed across the world in honor killings by their family members?
fix ur face lady
2 out of 3 women are killed by Democrate decisions.
crazy old people need to retire already!smh
You have been dividing the country since you came on the scene. Progressive Pig!
since 1992 #termlimits needed
Muslims use #FemaleGenitalMutilation 
They support honor killings 
#NoRefugees
#SupportVisaBan
@POTUS.  Sue !!! This woman if your Family member gets killed by Immagrants blood on her hands !!!
ppl are being Killed by illegal immigrants Travel Ban is Very needed You are,being paid off by Soros Mam !!!
please send her before Trump gets ass in a war start impeachment proceedings to get him out of office he is not presidential
how many women are killed by drugs that your party and base allow in this country?
Appx 5000 Muslim women are killed annually under Sharia Law due to honor killings.
@FoxNews - Listened To Your Nonsense On FOX News Sunday-You Lie And Deceive With Such Ease-Siding With Terrorists Is So You!
World sees your bias hate! Not showing up do your job only confirms just how weak you are..no fight left..defeated!
- How many women will Betsy DeVos kill because of a lack of education should she be voted in?  Stop this woman!!!!
looks like you are almost there
everyone knows pelosi lies. Probably senile. Just an old has been like deniro or fonda
not trump democrats like Obama Clinton pelosi boxer you Hollywood that are still pouting over the election grow up
u didn't mind when oboma put a travel ban same county's so what u crying for
Why are Dems always about division and labels?  Why don't we worry about ALL americans with heart disease?
So are the deaths in Chicago. What have you done about it ? Nothing. Many there are women too.
@realDonaldTrump Obviously u agree with Sharia Law. Otherwise u would denounce it. You don't speak for all women.
Shouldn't  Feinstein be under indictment for the billions of dollars in California contracts her husband has magically landed?
senator since 1992
time to go 
You don't speak for me
I stand With #TRUMP
#norefugees
#Wall
Stop illegal invasion
#DoYourJob
What's Wrong w/U ? Respect Our Pres.Trump he's doing what the people hired him2do.Or R UR lips stuck 2 Obama's butt
America have spoken. We elected Pres.Trump. Dem don't have respect for ppl that do.My parents where Dem not anymore.
You might as well vote tomorrow. You've all already made your decision. Vote now let us move on to the next step.
Senator, you've been saying POTUS is not bringing the country together yet it is Dems/nutty liberals fighting everyt
Funny,, Kate Steinleys death was preventable. "Sauce" for the Gander (re fox news interview) is on the way. #UrepMe2
the polls LIE ...I've not been asked or polled nor has anyone else I've asked! women are with Trump. Truth will win.
Why don't you go ahead and quote the statistics for men dying of the same problems earlier. More fake news
is a liar. The only people dividing America are the Democrats.  Feinstein = a divisive, lying & abusive person. Should retire.
you look absolutely ridiculous at your age with dying your hair jet black. go to natural a with big streaks of gray
U told women who didn't vote for Clinton, there was a "special place in Hell" for them. Stop pretending u care about women.
@ I am 74 always a Democrat, but you made me register as a Republican. u play dirty. Dems party is self destructing
CONFIRM GORSUCH, DiFi, REMEMBER WHAT DEMOCRATS DO 2 lame duck Republican Presidents? they don't confirm THEIR judges
AMAZING you blame Trump for America's divide. I couldn't attend a Trump rally in San Jose because YOUR people beat attendees!
and so are preventable deaths from Sharia law
Karma? You're just a crazy partisan politician and we've had enough of you and your ilk.
Time for Feinstein to hang it up. She has overstayed her usefulness. She works for herself, not 4 Americans=Career politician
But of course we all know that speaking the truth DOESN'T fit you're extreme LEFT narrative. Period.
I am certainly NOT surprised at all that YOU can't do math. FACT: At this point BO had signed MORE Ex.O's. than DLT
Sunday Morning Fox, You are having mini strokes call your Dr,
Heart disease KILLS apron 250,000 Americans per year. More than terrorism.
@trump just defended RUSSIA against the USA. Trump needs to be investigated
Can you consider being California's first president? Trump is comparing Putin killing reporters to Americans.
ACA is killed, middle age women facing layoffs right now for being middle aged! If you can't ACA or job we are dead
transition to vegan diet. Many problems will be solved.
#PowerofPrevention #StayActiveStayCool 
We need #TermLimits
I a man. Do I have a risk also?
so this is all about you?
Anything to keep them out of gaming! Yea-haw!! Bang-bang! gamergate never dies!
#NWPD equal pay for equal work! Inequality exists in medicine.
Do you care about the women assaulted or kill in your SF sanctuary city?Pelosi on TV states no crimes have been committed SF
Just had my stress test and passed!
Senator, thank you for taking time to inform us about this issue.  I hope u feel better on ur recent bypass surgery. God bless
Kate is dead.she died in her dads arms.by a 7 time felon you allowed to walk the streets of SF sanctuary city U have no shame
Do you seriously have nothing better to do?
Wait Wait, 1 in 3 women die of the this? Am I missing a larger context?
Interestingly women are more at risk for CVD after menopause.
How many more lives will b attributed 2 gutting of ACA?!
