Sen I think u shld open your eyes. The entire Obama admin & every1 involved will be revealed soon! Maybe you need to stop the crap & work
It is the Dems fault Feinstine
How's about you try something NEW Try to find COMMON GROUND PLEASE
The repubs seem like they have penile envy of Dems
Lol
It just came out....lol
Trump has done more to save America in 7 months then you have done in your entire fake unAmerican career in slime.
Fascism is in the Democratic party. Read clowart & piven strategy please. Stop and read what your side is up too. It's not pretty
7:10pm @SenFeinstein Game Time First Pitch @MLB #ALCS Game 3, @Astros Houston vs @Yankees New York ;  Houston leads series 2-0 best of 7☻
Oct.18th, 2017,  @SenFeinstein  Senate Judiciary Committee Hearing, Justice Department Oversight, Watching TRUTH 10:23am ☻
Or like when you jeapordized the constitution by saying a Catholic would jeopardize the constitution.
GOP have used this strategy(stalled agenda) for 8 years. Now they are STUCK with the ingrained strategy inside their political brain. Karma
Work for the American citizens for one would ya? Geez
you talk about a Media witch hunt you drilling Sessons about Trump was disgusting. You need Prayer, and less hate in your heart
Dems believe that it's ok to destroy the country because they lost. We won. We pick the judges just like dems did. Sorry Diane.

Stalled agenda. Maybe republicAns are just there to “stall” or block all presidents. I know I will never really understand what’s going on.
I heard them speak. Not what I heard them say/do at all. Come on Senator. You’re better than this.
By the time you, Schumer and Palose realize the voters are not stupid and we see what your doing, you will have already lost your seats
That's okay..Obama appointed more than 320 federal judges with lifetime terms...
And 319 of them make clueless, bad decisions.
The stalled agenda is a direct result of obstructionist dems like you. YOU DO NOT REPRESENT THE PEOPLE AND THE PEOPLE ELECTED TRUMP!
Let's be honest senator if we had a real FBI you and most of your colleagues would all look like zebras in a fire away prison
to kill us with opioids in the middle of an opioid crisis! Vote @SenFeinstein out! Vote for @kdeleon
You believe we would never find out about your apathy for constituents by not reading marino's bill and passing it, allowing drug companies
Dianne please construct comprehensive policy papers while you are sitting in detention these two years out of power. More work more prep.
You should be in a home by now

Deflecting Diane.  Democrats go back to same old topics.
Do you ever read replies from your constituents or do you just keep blasting rhetoric?
Give her a break old lady can’t find her alz meds
Truth hurts doesn’t it.  You are stalling the nominations and you’re doing it deliberately because you’re sore losers. People see it Dianne
You voted to confirm Callista Gingrich to be our ambassador to the Vatican. Vatican! What did the republicans promise you, Senator?
Oh Dianne, you clearly don’t remember the first two years of Obama
Seriously what have you accomplished in office. Your out of touch. We need term limits. For people like you on both sides of the aisle.
Same way you guys did with OBAMA
You believe you represent your constituents.
Attacking Democrats is basic self-defense against their WAR ON TRUMP.  The GOP war on Trump is slightly more dignified.
Feinstein failed to mention Republicans have two agendas, the one Trump has that we voted for, and the GOP agenda that nobody wants.
Kinda like how you and other Lib-Dems went after Janice Rogers-Brown or Judge Bork, answer that Madam Senator if you have the COURAGE
Yup
I once look up to you. But not anymore. You have chosen the party line over what is right for the American people.
Shut up Pot.  Signed, Kettle.
Senator WE the PEOPLE deserve a full & complete FUNCTIONING government. It is TIME to GET THIS COUNTRY UNITED & RESPECTFUL OF EACH OTHER.
And NOT a mention from trump or GOP about the pain and deadly fire in CA !!
http://www.sacbee.com/news/politics-government/article179147606.html …
Why do you hate minorities and our poorest? Why are you afraid to give them the same education opportunities that rich kids get?
Dem theories are the best
Stop trying to be a divider and work with @POTUS...
No, democrats think they can stall the people’s agenda by not pushing through Trump’s judicial nominees.
One Judiciary Term: you have failed to comprehend as the founding fathers realized that they were sons of God: U.S. isn't an alien nation.
Republicans are the real DREAMERS 
Feinstein you're not very good at figuring out what people want or need you're about handouts for votes plain and simple
Stalled? You meen blocked and opposed. You have gotten accustomed to your own way for so long so you oppose EVERYTHING!
But you are stalling & asking ridiculous questions
Attacking Dems, really? All you have done is obstruct and attack! U Shld b Glad ur in CA, no CA, no u. Retire u left coast crazy
Senator, its true. Quit obstructing ! Besides, you gave fires to deal with.
Hold the line.  We can't have ill educated lying judges too.  Look at Trump's new Drug Tzar nominee.  he does not vet them or know them.
Dianne, YOU'RE the reason why it is stalled. Why SHOULDN'T they attack you?
Proof how dumb they are
Love you president Trump I want to see drain the swamp Clinton IRS democrats and republicans and pork and enforce or laws
And they allow the president to talk smack on former presidents and LIE LIE LIE.  
AND THEY STAND RIGHT NEXT TO HIM WHILE HE DOES IT.  WTH
No... that’s called the truth that’s why no one can challenge it.
They’re openly bragging about packing the courts, as if that’s a legitimate legislative accomplishment.
Lol...
At least rep worked with Obama and didn't stall the nominations.
I hope next year I can volunteer for you.
Make sure to bring back some good intel on her. #MAGA
Obstructing— Or as the Democrats refer to as “resistance” helps no one and goes against the agenda the @POTUS was elected for. #DoYourJob
Feinstein you suck take you drugs and go to bed
