You make it sound as if someone's reading it to you in snippets for suspense. Get tough! This is about health, about life & death
Wow
Give up your special health care and repeal OB care
One of the many bad things it does. It doesn't require large companies to provide insurance. So much for Kellyanne's stupid thoughts.
Employers are going to start offering employees bare bones plans. Win win for insurance companies and billionaires. Sad for the rest of us.
That has already started !  My health care cost have increased 100% from last year to this year. AND it's only June.
They go up every year.
That seems to be the way it is happening now.
So start writing improvements to ACA! Legislate! While you have time. Complaining doesn't help. We know it's bad-do better!
might want to chat up the various heads of industry. give them a heads up
That's because it's not, and never was, a "health care" bill. It's budget/tax bill from people who despise the New Deal & all that followed
Yet no Democrat will sit with our Potus to try to do better. Why is that? One Nation under GOD.
The Democratic Senators were not"invited" to be on the Senste committee to write this Careless or Lesscare bill, you can tell, it has no.
democrats raise your voice for universal healthcare. It is time to join the civilized world.
Please stay firm, Sen. Feinstein!  We need you to resist.
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP @realdonaldtrump  Is this true?  If so why.  R U robbing Peter to pay Paul?  This should not be happening ever.
this is totally unacceptable.  they say Obama's Bill was bad, this new alternative isn't any better.  We need to keep #ACA.
Yes keep and keep improving it!
Not a healthcare bill.  It's a tax giveaway for the very wealthy at the expense of the old, the sick, and the poor.
2/  WVA,  one example, worst poorest state refused medicare expansion from Obama,
Oklahoma too
For the life of me. I can't understand why people who will lose healthcare vote for the folks determined to take it away from them.
Ignorant ppl vote against their own best interests. Maybe due to hate 4 gay & abortion. Religious issues.
Brand it: McConnell-Ryan-Death-Care! #Resist #TheResistence #TrumpTreason #womensmarch
Come to the table and help improve it then.
I hope it goes beyond dislike. It is just plain immoral and wrong!
The more I learn about Deep State corruption, the more I want POTUS to DRAIN THE FUCKING SWAMP
Early intervention relies on Medicaid for our youngest and most vulnerable. If it passes, I will probably lose my job as an EI teacher
How abt talking about those of us that lost our healthcare or r paying triple prem w large deds?I just want my old plan back!(the 1 I lost)
Amazing that the Rs were going to offer it up for a vote yesterday and you are still discovering something like that. #justwrong
Is this true?
keep on speaking out, please keep listing the facts, check the amendments for waivers, exclusions and penalties #AHCAisIMMORAL
There is no billet! So take a breath people and rant and rave when there is one. ADs are all bullshit
not coherent grandma..did u take ur meds?
What!
Was that another Nugget tucked away in McConnell's heath care bill? Another surprise for taxpayers.  He is working for his tax cuts.

Why can't we get what you Senators Have? If we cannot then why can't you Senators all get whatever it is you guys are offering?
Dianne that is disgraceful. How can a nation as advanced as the USA leave its less well off to die in the streets without healthcare. Sad.
DeDe, you hated it before you read it
that's far fewer than if Ocare was left to self-destruct
CBO analysis is the same group that said 20 million + would sign up for ObamaCare, only 12 million did.
My life partner would wind up being kicked out of her assisted living home.
That would be me along with the other 3,999,999. #SaveACA
Offer up single payer now! (Unless you don't want gains in the midterms...)
How can this bill affect employer paid insurance programs?  That claim makes no sense to me.
somebody is going to lose somewhere, unless your TRUE GOAL is Government Run Healthcare. And then where are you going to get Drs & RNs ?
Keep up the good work!
U didn't care when we all lost our old plans.  Plus u mandate ppl to buy- that is BULLY!
you're a lying sack
Wait, what?  Can you link to the part where people lose employer provided coverage?
It's a terrible bill & unbelieveable the repugs have the nerve to try such a thing.
People die so the uber rich can have more?
You only care about the illegals, and the illegal dreamers. Not the American dreamers born here!
This is entirely unacceptable!
Can you specify how people would lose employer-based coverage? I hadn't heard that! People need to know this!
SINGLE PAYER NOW! Stop blocking it.
Thank you Sen. Feinstein. Your strong constant denunciation of this bill builds momentum against it.
But you really like OC don' you?
It's NOT about U.  It's about "WE THE PEOPLE"-  no one cares what u think or have to say.
lier lier  your pants on fire
And 40 million in 10 years!
Can all of the GOP in Congress be recalled?
Please explain further. Word needs out that this could affect everyone!
Guess we will all be filing bankruptcy
@tedlieu @SenFeinstein you are probably upset since it will be 4 million politicians
@SenateDems Is that all u can come up with? Read on then get back to us. More softness, pls get angry like the rest of us
That's why GOP had to keep it secret. They don't want us to see how awful and cruel it is. Only helps the 1%.
"The more I learn about the holocaust, the more I dislike it" -- thanks for nothing. Resign, you compromised feeb
Pay attn ppl!  Not safe from evil GOP even if u have employer provided coverage @INDems @OHDems @KyDems @NebraskaDems @IndianaYoungDem
You're preaching to the choir!
You continue to spew out lies!
I thought they said 15 million next year!
Our insurer is pulling out of our state's insurance market, so my comp will have to find us something but doubt it'll be as good
How many people have pre-existing conditions?  Please oppose this bill.
Well why don't you talk to the R's ? ACA is a mess so work to make it work. All you're doing now is obstruction.
And I am one of those!!
Work with the R #no votes to fix aca
Republicans threw around accusations of 'Death Panels' with the ACA but people actually survived w/ better health care. Not any more...
That's scary.
It is horrible & what's even worse is the way some Republicans like McConnell are going to shove it down our throats!!
Happy to be moving to CA (this week!) where I will have senators who actually care.
Did you hear this on CNN ???? ummm??? That's where I get my Democrat news.... 
Because it's not a healthcare bill. It's a vehicle for massive tax cuts to the wealthy and corporations. The Reverse Robin Hood Bill.
Well the Dems need to start being a better party bcuz all voters here is talk! Get rid of special interests in ur party! It'll make a diff!
How many R's can you convince to break ranks? This bill will cost R's senate seats...they're not paying attention to message voters sent.
Oh great!!!  It just gets worse and worse.
Why don't u be a part of the solution instead of the problem!!
Thank you for your concern for the citizens.  We appreciate all that you are doing to fight for us.
I keep reading different numbers. Why aren't you doing a bipartisan plan. POTUS wants to work with democrats!
The more I learn about @democrats the more I dislike them!! I'm an independent voter the latest shenanigans from dems are pushing me away
Thanks for all your hard work in opposing trumpcare. Keep the pressure on. Introduce amendments. Delay the vote. Public deserves more!
@SenateDems So,  why didn't the Dems fix Ocare when they knew it was failing?
It would take 90+ days if you read the names of those affected, one-by-one for 24 hours a day... And these are the employed people folks!
@RepAdamSchiff @GOP @FoxNews you need to start investigating AG Lynch if you want to be credible.
The more I learn about Republicans, the more I dislike them! @GOP @SenToddYoung @RepLukeMesser
The ONLY RECIPIENTS from AHCA  affect on MENTAL HEALTH&ADDICTS will be PRIVATE&STATE PRISONS, coffin industry, funeral homes&cemeteries
That's not good how can they expect employers to cover their employees if they are going to lose it ?
Did you even READ it this time Dianne Feinstein ??? Or are you still waiting for it to be signed like ObamaCare ???
Maybe you should work with the repubs and make a better bill instead of disagreeing with everything! DO YOUR JOB!
Also loss of rural hospitals. Also impact on families using nursing homes. Retirees who run out of savings. Preexisting conditions.
Also healthcare workers losing their jobs when nursing homes and rural hospitals close.
So I take it you liked the FAILED and intentionally LIED about DISGRACEFUL Obamacare, why didn't you do anything about it? DISGUSTING!!!
.@SenFeinstein Thank you for standing up for the millions of .CA residents that would lose coverage under Trumpcare #SavetheACA
THIS!! This needs to be repeated and explained over and over! Ppl w/ employer covg think they're safe. Not necessarily so.
Yes they would!!
yeah this bill is pure garbage, they only people its going to benefit are the extremely wealthy in USA
Sen. Feinstein- can staff tweet a link to the bill highlighting that disturbing detail? Thx
@SenDeanHeller #NevadaMatters #VoteNoAHCA
Is anyone on the democrat side going to find the courage to meet with the republicans to fix healthcare .no patriots left in congress.fix it
Do they know what they're doing? Or are they just doing anything to get rid of Obama care?
How did the CBO #'s add up for O'care? They were off by millions & millions. Y did u disrupt over 200 million folks ins for <8 million?
So many people think this doesn't affect them. Guess again! It affects every states economy and everyone who has insurance.
Thanks for standing up against it and demanding better for your citizens.
U forced small biz 2 buy insurance.U put many small biz out of business so folks don't have a job 2 buy their own insurance on the open mkt
Direct attack by @GOP whose goal = weaken USA from within in return 4 foreign laundered $ via superpacs. #KeepAmericaVulnerable =Treasonous.
The more I learn about the Republicans...the more I dislike them....
Did you support single payer in california, or were you funded by healthcare and insurance companies?

That's a new one.
How does that happen Nancy, can you please explain?
If you don't respond I'll just know that you don't know.
Just remember, a company in trouble gets federal protection, a person is ill, they get a limit, after which the govt thinks them better dead
The more I read @cbo predictions the more I realize it's Opposite Day!
Perhaps you should spend more time learning about it before yapping about it.
Senator! If you like your doctor/plan you can keep it! To know what's in the bill we must pass it! You have zero credibility/honesty!
Are you supporting #MedicareForAll ?
Yup. They're not happy cutting Medicare; they need to get their greedy grubby hands in insurance we pay for. Gotta pay back Koch and Mercer
WOW!
BTW Dianne, can you explain why you are exempt from ACA?
TrumpCare is not a health care bill. It's a health exclusion bill.
It's not a health care bill it an health INSURANCE program.  Big difference.  So was Obamacare.
Single payer is the ONLY way to go.
What can we do to defeat it? What if we all push single payer?
Breaking Bad a US only comedy. Well the rest of the world laughed at you.
But what's Putin's coverage like?
Always positive coverage for Putin. Otherwise it's fake News.
Why?! Too expensive?
You didn't speak up when OCare came around in the Senate, and it ended up being a scam, so how can we trust your judgement now?
FILIBUSTER BY AMENDMENT
WOW! Just another huge negative factor causing millions to lose coverage. I read an estimate of 4 million related HC job losses.
Time for California to implement Single Payer and lead the country. Time for you to lead on this or get out of the way.
California couldn't lead a hungry wolf to meat? What a pathetic state!!
now if you would have learned about Obama care, now try to work with GOP and take good from both bills and lets put something together
If only you had gone for Single Payer when you had the chance we wouldn't be in this mess we are in today.
you're probably pretending on this like you did on the #trumprussia narrative. WASTED MILLIONS, DIVIDED AMERICA for partisan politics
Creative genocide. #wealthcarebill
youd rather we were forced to buy insurance...

...from your donors.
Thank u 4 speaking out I'm a terminal cancer patient that will b affected.
Can you get majority leader on record justifying why he gave cover to Russian attack on us democracy? Was it more petty Obama spite?
Sorry Sen Feinstein, you misspelled death care bill!
Time for states & municipalities to create #communitycare programs to supplant private health insurance and Medicaid. Redirect premiums.
Including me. Thank you for taking this on.
