(2/3) Join me and @SenKamalaHarris: We’re telling the Trump administration NO on opening up CA marine sanctuaries. https://www.feinstein.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?id=A27DAB55-3C2E-4E4C-90F3-EC25D040EE18 …
(3/3) @CordellBank Sanctuary home to iconic marine mammals like humpback whales, dolphins and California sea lions.
We need a new bill.  For every executive order, 2 bills have to pass thru congress.
Need to stop EO... is it possible? Need to help our marine friends. They are a part of our bio-ecological system.
Ahhh but EO  was ok when Obama was in office. Just shut up
#NoOnTrumpExecutiveOrder threatening 4 California Marine Sanctuaries!
Disrupter and traitor in chief.
Absolutely NOT!!!!
No We Can't!
Where is Maxine ?
Secede. PLEASE!
No moral compass
WHAT NOW? TRUMP JUST PLAIN HATES CALIFORNIA?? My god man, we've got nothing left! Please let us have a few live birds, a lift of birdsong!
#NoOnDestroyingCaliforniaMarineSites
Why they drill off our coast anyway just outside our territory, whats the difference?
How is he allowed to do anything if they know Russia was involved in the election all bills should stop til answers are known
The marine sanctuaries are one of the reasons this midwesterner fell in love with living in CA. Don't let them get taken away from us.
He thinks governing is signing executive orders. The EO usurps the power of Congress. Time to stop the execessive use of EOs.
Funny.....no one on the Left complained when Obama did it.
Actually, some did. But you go ahead and enjoy that party you're having in your head.
Yes we can  It will happen huge forehead @SenFeinstein
No! Save our otters and marine life and coast!
That's the plan kill marine life. How long has offshore drilling been happening? Ca doesn't use petroleum?
Trump and the GOP have no business making decisions about the environment. The blind is leading the ignorant.
California needs to stand up against trump !!  We are the biggest state in the United States and the most beautiful
Please  do everything you can to stop Trump and his gang from ruining our sanctuaries and our beautiful shores
Why don't you support Medicare for all?
He doesn't know anything about being a president's. He needs to just move along with him self and let someone else run the United States.
He is trying to destroy America one issue at a time.  It starts with Bannon.
Thank you for doing this! We can't let this happen.
Why do you hate energy independence so much?
stop him and stop their health care no care
No!!
He doesn't care who or what he hurts during his presidency as long as it fills his pocket.
We're with you back home in San Francisco.
No we can't!
support our President
and the east coast our Grand Strand.  It cannot be allowed.
Organize the lawyers. What is your strategy?
Oh it will happen and we lose
KMA
Seems to be no end to the damage he and Bannon are planning.  Thank you for your solid representation in the Senate.
We?
What can we do?
We have to stop them
We need oil jobs. Brown added taxes to gas For rds, spent money elsewhere using budget means transfers funding other agencies budget lang
Sent a letter to Department of Commerce Head Ross to back off our coastline! Thanks for your leadership.
#MAGA He is destroying all that we hold dear, He is no better than ISIS destroying religious artifacts. What's next Grand Canyon?
NO! NO! NO!
why not?
He probably wants to open up a money laudering casinos at the sanctuaries.
Tell us what to do since we already have awesome Senators and Congressional Reps in the Bay Area? @SenKamalaHarris @RepAnnaEshoo @RepSpeier
Don't let them!! Tell trump he's not welcome  in California to stay in Florida or in south Arabia  or Russia but not to come to California !
Luddites kill
Luddites cause poverty and starvation
No we can't.  What can we do to help!
Horrifying!
Trump wants to destroy everything GOOD that's been given to benefit America. It's like he's Satan in the flesh. I hate him more every day.
Thank you for standing up for the people and the environment
#TheResistance
Over my dead body!!
Have always appreciated your sobered reality and am wondering who is drafting your tweets. Feinstein and exclamation points?
This fucking ignorant sob has no respect from me...
Wonder if Sen intell com can go on steroids & get rid of the orange sob b4 he destroys the planet! Lordy can't stand much more of this shit!
My God what are we allowing this crazy man to do 
We can't let this happen!
Califonia not voting for Trump anyway.  Drill baby drill!
HELLO SENATOR FEINSTEIN, 
TOO BAD U DEMOCRATS R ALL WEAK PUSSIES! 
REMEMBER LAST 8 YRS! 
U BETTER GO FULL MCCONNELL ON OPPOSITION DAILY! !
Why stop? We use the most environmentally sound drilling practices, require massive bond!
Trump said in an interview that we could keep a little environment, not all of it.
Why u don't drive?
Why is he such an evil man?!
Start investigations into the GOP thereworking with Russia and blackmailing Donald Trump
@realDonaldTrump @SenateGOP @HouseGOP U really have NO SHAME U R DESTROYING AMERICA #VOTETHEMOUT2018
#ClimateCreeperBannon
Yes, we can.
#BecauseHeDoesNotCare
Killing wildlife preserves will NOT, Make America Great Again!!!
NO F'ING WAY!!!
SENATOR SHOULD WE NOT CUT DOWN ON OIL EXPLORATION BECAUSE OF CLIMATE CHANGE!
You lost and based on unamerican total obstruction & resistance will now have everything SHOVED down your throat.  Works both ways toots.
SENATOR FEINSTEIN NATURE SANCTUARIES SHOULD BE PROTECTED FOR CENTURIES TO COME ;FOR OUR FURTHEST DESCENDENT!
The people have spoken we don't want your policies any longer your policies are job killers
no planet= no jobs!
