#Resist always
Not one conviction or substantial evidence of crime.
If only California had some representation in the majority...I dunno maybe something the House Maj Leader? No such luck.
..something like the...
No. I don't think so. It must go through. For the good of the nation
What nation?
The one you live in
This is not a nation anymore,  it is a country under attack and heavily divided.
There are 50 states...not just yours! #liberalbs #termlimits #drainthedswamp
But it's not her job to represent them. They have their own senators, some with power out of proportion to pop. or economic contribution.
I understand that but she needs to do her job and compromise because this is THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA...not California...#liberalbs
Compromise sure for a decent bill, sure. This isn't that, though. It's another rushed, slapdash, crappy bill that is worse than what we have
Agree....
Too bad.
#KillGCbill
#SaveACA 
Why must we beg REPUBLICANS not kill us monthly, weekly? Graham refusing calls fr non-constituents, bill affects ALL.
What these representatives need to remember.  Have future plans to run for office of President?  We Will Remember How You Voted!
If they wanna be Senators again we will remember how they voted.
NM as well. It will kill most of our State! We do defeat this bill now!!! This is a fraud on AMERICA!
End the Affordable Care Act aka Obamacare now!
We need to stop giving our money to drug  addicts and people that don't want to work. We citizens need to stop paying taxes.Taxes are abused
ACA aka Obamacare is a healthcare for DRUG addicts to benefit from.
Stay vigilant! Warrants, pre-election wire taps, Don Jr. dropping SS...The wheels are falling off the train; GOP will be relentless!
Dear ruling 4 life political person, I'm in the flyover so unimportant. But WE the PEOPLE need #MedicareForAll bc HC for PROFIT is INHUMANE.
Thank You! Please remain resolute and do not support this horrific bill!
If it hits California hard pass it
Only means California will bear the same porportion ever other state will. Does spell the and of any chance of liberal's getting UHC GOOD!!!
Call copy paste
I called & left a message for my demerit to call me back!
Damn spellcheck! I meant I called my senator!

California spends millions to support Illegals but ignores needs of citizens
Keep up the pressure on Republicans to not support Graham-Cassidy
Why? Is California running out of other people's money already?
Just heard LIE from Cassidy-said democrats won't work on healthcare. Didn't McConnell KILL the bipartisan effort-for their mean bill?
Good come back.... indeed he needs to GROW UP...
This is so unjust!
You crack me up... That's a nice way of saying it hurts States that are horrible stewards of taxpayers money.  
What happened to CalExit?  Break away and do your own thing.
I've called my Utah senators, with no hope that it will make a difference. But I've emailed all the moderate Republicans I can think of.
Way leads on to way-if unfair penalties without consideration for Cali are focused, Califorians will likely continue to separate from the US
“After a few weeks of lying dormant, Trumpcare is back, and its meaner than ever,’’ Sen. Schumer #GrahamCassidyBill
Republiturds always scream "States Rights" until it a States Rights get in the way killing children, the crippled and the elderly...
Maybe if you covered the citizens only you could have more
Because, totalitarian control from a central authority is always more desirable… #ObamaCare
Why would you want this robbery to continue? Until I have to choose between insurance or food?
Keep up the fight to protect healthcare.  Thanks!
You people need to think of the citizens that need health care? You are placing fake priority producing fake problems! Be real for once!
California has lost its mind. Less enticement to illegals, means better quality of life to  legal California residents. #impeachJerryBrown
Give followers action points. CA folks, if yr Senator is a NO, reach out to friends in other districts, tell them make the call. VITAL.
IMPEACHMENT!!! Say it! Scream it! Fkng DO IT... you keep stifling talk, you ignore your USC duty...AGAIN!
Can't? YOU ARE TRUMP!!!
YES! We all must help defeat this bill!
Trump and the Republican agenda are #TooExtreme and dangerous for people.
Kill this bill..Come on folks call your Senator & ask them to vote NO
Just like with the last time, convince McCain and other Reasonable Republicans to vote NO...

So California wants 2 be a sanctuary state now? I say let them do it..let them drown in their own stupidity! #California #sanctuary
Says the Corporate puppet who killed #MedicareForAll !!  We  you!!
Where are the three GOP Senators we need? Are they still on board?
This is the serious work we need to be focused on. Keep up the crusade for sanity Senator.
This budget seems specially designed to be vindictive to #BlueStates Everything from smaller block grants to the state income tax deduction.
Vote No and encourage your R colleagues to vote NO
Graham-Cassidy bill is a disaster for California! We don't need a disaster!
@SenatorGraham is just another #GOP rat. Time to the rats to go! @SenateDems
Contact your Senators.  Phone and email contacts in this link  https://www.senate.gov/senators/contact/ …  #Resist #NoTrumpCare #FakePOTUS #Resistance 
@latimes Where is the coverage of Graham-Cassidy?
Call your Governor too!
Dems need to Run Out the Clock @SenateDems @SenKamalaHarris @SenWarren  @SenSchumer
Withhold consent on amendments, place holds on nominations. Object 2 all unanimous consent requests until reconciliation instructions expire
WITHHOLD CONSENT on amendments, placing holds nominations & objecting 2 unanimous consent requests until reconciliation instructions expire

Yes. And then immediately move to single payer.  #SinglePayerNow !!
Medicaid is a form of welfare.  Welfare is the pussification of America.  Stop the obstruction and find a solution.
So much for thinking Graham has a moderate brain. Maybe he needs to get brain cancer to realize his southern ideology is morally bankrupt
The states which chose to give their citizens healthcare will be harmed by the states who harmed their own citizens. #GrahamCassidy
I wrote to #deathkamp Graham, "my" rep (not my choice!) opposing his #deathbill for all the good that will do. 
Just another day on the GOP payback tour...
I can't believe that you questioned someone's religious faith for a judicial appointment. You obviously disrespect people of faith..
Everyone please take the time to call members of congress - 202-224-3121
#MedicareForAll is the answer, but of course you're not having it
#NoGrahamCassidy #NoDeathCare
Yeah BHO's healthcare is working for who? No one take the $ you & your husband stole & go back to a failed state.
Fight hard for us, Senator.
#GlobalVaccineSummit. #injuredarmy
Senator, WHY does the HOP (Grand Outdated Politicians) so resent the poor and.unhealthy? Is it "STEREOPATHY"(Stereotyping)?  Please respond.
You need to lean on McCain. Since it is his Bfs bill, that will be a tough sell.
California deserves whatever happens. You've been in charge long enough, all the problems stem from you.
Fuck California all assholes out there
The dogma lives in you . You need to resign you out of touch whacko
Bigotry is ones intolerance of someone elses opinion that differs from their own. You are a BIGOT. NO RELIGIOUS TEST FOR OFFICE.
That's because they have more illegal aliens that is receiving AMERICANS BENEFITS.  SO WRONG & SAD!
Why, because its redistribution of wealth? Something you are other wise promoting. Block granting Fed funds is exactly how Canada does it
So support Medicare for all and end this cycle of charades.
And #Ohio @JohnKasich @robportman @SenSherrodBrown @RepMarcyKaptur
Glad you're against that. Now be really courageous and support #singlepayer why doncha.
@SenateMajLdr @realDonaldTrump 

HOW DARE you ask questions in a hearing for the new Judge like you did!  What's WRONG with being CATHOLIC?
Seriously, we at the grassroots level rely on our Senators to refocus media attention on this!  Stage rallys, sit-in's, etc - give us a hand
And then in to single payer Diane
Disavow your lobbyist campaign $$$ and support #MedicareForAll
Dianne you have been on Medicaid for years for you haven't paid one penny for your insurance & that's why you want to keep it going
I'm tired of paying for red states and then being insulted by them. Medicare for all is the fairest system. Unburdens small businesses.
Senator, as one of your constituents I hope you and colleagues stand strong and defeat this absurd healthcare bill.
The GOP with this Bill they call Healthcare is a Death Bill for Millions of Americans & a Huge Tax Cut for themselves & the Rich
Put the Dem solution to fix ACA on the table and shame Rs into bipartisan agreement. If theycreject, you have ammo for election campaign.
Talk more about the harm they want to do and why
People are sick of being shoved around with these fucking busy work calls! America is no more!
They want to kill us, their own people.    Slow DEATHCARE -Genocide!!!
Wait...you want us to fight for your health care interests?

ROFL Now thats funny!

#singlepayer NOW!
WE ARE WITH YOU SENATOR! Count on us Cali folks 
@Colo01Liberal Sad we little people lives determined by millionares who care less about the people.
In some countrys these people would be charged with attempted manslaughter or Genocide!
We're counting on you
Folks, the insane twitter storm today was cover for this immoral healthcare bill. Stay focused. They think we aren't looking.
Typical Cassidy....intentionally hurting LA, his home state, since it recently expanded Medicaid...who would do that to own constituents?
Millions suffering effects of hurricanes and R's want to kick them when they're down by taking away their health insurance!
Sign #MedicareForAll already and stop with this nonsense.
I'm with you Senator. So are all my friends. #ResistCongress
Sooner or later, called for us will run out of other people's money. #RepealObamacare
No business until this business of repeal shut down!!! Words don't matter without actions.
Hey @SenFeinstein maybe you should start supporting legal residents, citizens and republicans and we might support you. SORRY we're done!
"When you read your speeches, the conclusion one draws is that the dogma lives loudly within you," Feinstein said"    Soros says what?


Stop giving everything away for free. Your working class tax payers, the lifeline of your corrupt state, are moving away & business r next.
Why should California care? They want to secede anyway.
Somehow I think that is their point...They want to remove the success that the ACA has had in states that did it right. We've got your back!
Because of people like you we are leaving CA in droves. How's ur husband going to make $$$ with no train taxes?
Bot
Bribery will make the R holdouts vote for it.
More than 20% of Californians live in poverty...highest in the country... what are you doing to bring more jobs to CA?

I thought we did defeat it
Freaking Republican Zombie HC Bill that just won't die.
Good luck! LOL
With you all the way. Thank you for fighting for our health care! We support you!!!
You're one of my senators, so please for the sake of one more constituent, PLEASE do whatever it takes to kill that bill and save healthcare
I have always loved you and tho good you represented for California Dianne! Go girl!
Indiana
Or, you could just stop giving free medical care to illegal aliens and help American citizens.  I'm guessing that is too much to ask????
No, we need to defeat the "Medicare for All" bill that the Dems are pushing. That one will bankrupt America.
Senator you must stop spending my tax dollars on everything you think we need.
So really we should fight G-C because it hurts CA? @SenFeinstein that's SERIOUSLY your argument? Anybody in 'the flyover' matter to you?
Medicare for ALL
No "good president" could ever do this I must remind you Senator.
Yes, we must defeat it. And we must join the rest of the industrialized democracies to offer universal health care as a right.
Getting out my bat  phone .... we all must Persist again!!!  Prevail Again...
Officially- dear Senator, fight on.  When I think about how this will impact so many who have labored for us at low wages I fight too.
Medicaid to Democrats = free stuff for votes!  Votes are the driving force, the agenda!
And NJ!
(202) 224-3121
(202) 224-3121
(202) 224-3121

Tell your Rep/Sen we demand the Pres Trump apologize for demoralizing actions against women
I support you Senator Feinstein and Senator Harris!
Fight, fight, fight this cruel bill! #KeepACA!
Senator, please use every procedural tool to stop this. Withhold consent on all Senate business until this bill is dead. Lives are at stake!
no we don't
That because in californium you have all those useless government welfare Medicaid shits!
Thank  you. Will you withhold consent & filibuster by amendment?

I wish to note that no law applies against me, so I can do the Cold War Wet Chemist job, and wish to pay for health care for everyone.
#KillTheBill
Heard @ASlavitt's points re this? That GOP is taking coverage from blue states to give + use as leverage in red states to entice candidates
It's *designed* to gut punch CA & NY as punishment for being blue. So proud of our state's humanity & #resistance. #RejectGrahamCassidy
California's public officials deserve a slap in the face & kick in the ass, to wake them up that communism is not what people want.
.. thank God she's fortunate. She's still on Tricare, so that will offset the reduction. But I feel for everyone else
Maybe address why so many are on Medicaid?
Thought it was still up debate. So explain why I got a letter for my daughter, who's on SSI for autism, that her benefits have been reduced?
Not for profit single payer Healthcare covers everyone,  costs less, & creates jobs. No more INS/ pharma ddonationsto politicians a bonus.
Yes, please do what you can to defeat this horrible Graham-Cassidy "healthcare " plan.
It also means the state he represents!  @BillCassidy Stop hurting the citizens of Louisiana!
85-90% of my patients r dependent upon the ACA/Medi-Cal. It SAVES lives! This defeat (once & 4all) is beyond imperative. #ACARepairNotRepeal
Ivery scared this latest initiative will pass. I don't feel confident it won't. But I'm prayin. I  Feinstein 4 givin trump even oz of kudos
You serve satan and his lying legion. Read the bible. Your side loses. Jesus still loves you. Its not to late to do the right thing.
Let those liberals fall off the earth
GOP FAVOR tax cuts for WEALTHY and want to kill Obamacare...GOP 2018 budget slashes social programs - http://abcn.ws/2tmfJky    via @ABC
Thank you for your opposition. Stay strong.
Shut up!!!! Why don't you and the rest in Congress go by the same healthcare laws that you pass on to the rest of us then you can complain?
Shut up
@SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @SenateGOP @HouseGOP The Graham-Cassidy "health care" bill is an abomination...period!
By all means...Dianne ! Instead of being a constant obstructionist why don't you come with something ?? Democrats have ruined California!!
The current OBamacare has failed. Bernie's Bill is based on the European Single Payer Model.  Also a failing system.  GOP Bill is fair.
The proposed Bill insures all States get a equal portion of Federal fund as define by State Govenors who help define and write the Bill.
Senator please save us from the GOP (Government Of Putin) bill.
Draconian health care bill #GC. MUST DEFEAT. To the barricades! Bad on preexisting cond, higher premiums, seniors lose. Worse than past 3.
Not just Cali Ma'am but all of USA. Our Elderly DUES has been paid. We as a Nation Have to Fight for our children, Sick, Minorty and Poor.
Also remember this,  45 and his Crew IS Under an FBI Investigation. The BLOTUS!
The best way to defeat this is for you to get off your lazy backside, and write comprehensive bill, not single payer
bigot
Let me guess..you'd rather keep the illegal failed , incredibily expensive failed obamacare...right?
So I understand you want to substantially increase a welfare program rather than increase employment opportunities for people.
YES! @SenFeinstein , that your post to defeat the Graham- Cassidy Medicare Bill is concurrent TODAY with @SenKamalaHarris.THANK YOU
It 's beginning 2 look like the real women haters are the rich and powerful women. Using poor women 4  your advantage when U don't care. SAD
