Did you miss the bit where we took the House Senate POTUS away from Democrats because we WANT #ACA gone? Try to keep up.
Truth be told majority of Americans want to keep the ACA cause finally they can afford heath care. That’s why last bills by GOPdidn’t pass.
Tell that to my quintupled deductible 
Do you realize that before ACA many had to choose home or health cover n even then rates went up till they couldn’t afford due to being ill
That’s only a pin drop to rates those sick had happen to them. Goal of insurance Corp is keep raising till can’t afford it. ACA stopped that
ACA has faults. I think every American has a right to healthcare. It improve all Americans lives not just wealthy. Plus be cheaper in time
Faults? I know of 2 young people who had hours immediately cut back to 30 per week bc of #ACA. I was fined for policy to bridge job change
If they worked 30 it’s counted as FT so no changes due to ACA. If was less hope reported it to state labor board.Point is allowed more cover
Keep fighting the fight to ensure we do not let Americans lose everything because of the cost of healthcare.
Sabatoge ACA? That was done at formation. It’s a costly mess that downgraded service for the majority. Open your mind.
From California and against trump completely.  big surprise
What about #MedicareForAll ?
President Trump did not sabotage ACA. The dems and Bummer sabotaged the American people shoving ACA down our throats
You sabotaged it when you voted for it.  It was a horrible law that was doomed from birth.

#DinosaurDianne 
#Retire
Sabotage, don’t make me giggle, that’s what Democrats do
Dianne Feinstein---Tell that to the American people who got a tremendous INCREASE IN THEIR HEALTHCARE--U @ ALL Dems r 4 Ruining Our Country
All more reason why single payer. And only went up mainly states who didn’t go with ACA plan. What about all that finally had health plan.
Why now? Why not a month ago?
#SinglePayer for the win or do you want to keep playing this game with #GOP ?

Asking for the voters
Sabotage? A statement not based on fact. Try again.
If heinestein could think she would have retired 24 years ago
Thank you so much!!!! 
open your eyes and go retire!
Why can’t all Americans who need group health insurance join the ACA without getting subsidies? Lower costs, better health care!
Subsidies for giant corporations making billions is troubling.
He doesn’t care if Americans die but kneeling is unpatriotic   He’s got his screws mixed up. He should care why they kneel and work on it

I heard you would like Mitt Romney as potus, i agree anything is better than what we got,  can put lipstick in a pig it's still a pig
As a Californian working for a Small Biz, YOU have destroyed my Health Care.  Lost:  Doctor & Plan.  Premiums and Deductible sky high.
Giving people choices is SABOTAGE and not violating the law like obozo did
Ha.  Like the bi- partisan original Obamacare?  Dream on.
Sabotauge? Diane Feinstein how about you pay my bills for a change instead burdening us with all the illegal criminals you want us to keep
What about DACA? Clock is ticking.
If it’s so great, how come ur not on it?
But you still oppose single payer, right? Even though it would fix our healthcare problems.
@senrobportman You should support this too!!!!!! But that would take courage....
ACA was designed to fail. Trump is upholding the law. Do democrats want to break the law to keep the ACA failure alive?
Thank you!
Americans otherwise denied healthcare coverage might actually find out what "death panels" look like. #PresidentDrumpf 
No sabotage, trying to live by American standards.  People taking care of themselves when physically and mentally capable
Communism-A final stage of society in Marxism in which the state has withered away & economic goods are distributed equitably (healthcare).
If you're such a supporter of the #ACA, why did you vote to exempt yourself from it? #hypocrite
I guess following the law doesn't matter to you. Courts ruled payments illegal. Just look at your financial dealings and I understand.
Diane, how many people do you want to die because you and your obstructionist cohorts won't replace failed ACA with good affordable care? 
To bad the President doesn't... it won't happen.
If u support it it means one thing- MUCH FREE STUFF
Sabotage?? Oh, you must mean he's cut off your payout from the insurance companies... tell us about your cushy healthcare plan again.....
ACA  The sabotage of all our healthcare, let it die please
Problem is this FrankenFeinstein HOR must approve and guess what you don’t have the votes. Sorry back to square one no money for bailouts!
You would support it. Surrender of GOP always bipartisan. You need to be recalled by voters. Thrown out. For all the 'good' you do.
Funny how you don't mention trump i told Murray and Alexander to get together and get it done so he's trying to do what dems refuse fix aca
So, Congress is ready to fix the Obamacare mess Congress created?  Wouldn't that be special 
jean  Miller--U couldn't' the more correct---Let the Congress have to be in the plan,-then see what happens!!!
Don't worry Dianne! It was sabotaged from the start by its architects and will do fine without POTUS!
I strongly wish you would go away, no more freebies #MAGA
Well that seals it. If you and @SenAlexander are both for it, it has to suck horribly. Dems got us in this mess!! #MAGA
It's not sabotage the ACA sucks my premiums keep going up and so does my  deductible. How has it effect you... I'll trade you plans
Honey it is as Sabotage from day 1 when you passed before reading what's in it 

I strongly don't care.
You mean his compliance with the orders of a federal judge?
Please think of all of California.  NOT  just your LEFTIST base.
Read @AnnetteFrey  Her tweets of Oct.17th speak volumes.  Healthcare can not be rushed through.  There's more than a few things to look at.
deplorable's are getting sick of hidden agendas, corrupt financially driven politics, The all seeing Deplorable eye sees all now !
I FEEL U, LYING DI, & ALL OTHER CONGRESSMEN,SHOULD GET O’CARE! IF THAT HAPPENED SENATOR, U,IN CONGRESS, WOULD WORK DAY AND NIGHT 2 FIX IT
Feinstein the ACA was a terrible bill it was something else that you want to give away to the illegals for votes you need to go
I strongly support you go back to where you were voted for and live out your life washing off the corruption that drips from you #KeepHerCA
Hospitals and actual medical care exists because insurance companies have money to pay out. Now where will it come from. Patient's pocket.
I strongly support the POTUS removing your exemption to ACA
If you are for it WE are against it! Full repeal now!
Why are dems trying to spin the ACA as something good. My premiums have tripled deductibles quadrupled and the last Dr. I saw Bush was Pres
Some doctors and dentists leave smaller hospitals. At one time PCP's, or family doctors made hospital visits. Now a patient sees a stranger.
And the fires burn .
All while you obstruct POTUS. California, are you paying attention ?
I thought it was a good idea! To bad our flip flopping President changed his mind once again. He's in a confused state of mind again!
robin--U probably have coverage without Obamacare where U work--so it may not matter how high premiums go .So U can talk !GO AWAY!!!
Nobody with an IQ above you or Forest Gump cares what you support. #pleaseshutup!
He certainly has made things worse. How can an insurance company have too much money?  Medical bills are astronomical.
Bipartisan = racism. Stop the madness.
Well then I strongly oppose it.
Lol. Diane, you are losing it. You should know that it is the US Constitution that prevents the subsidies. Dems blew it on ACA originally.
Whether you strongly, weakly, or half assedly support a bill to feed insurance companies cash really doesn't matter Dianne, you don't matter
Sen. Feinstein, you have shown nothing but contempt for your President. It's time to get on.board or get out of the way!
Yes it is so disrespectful 
Kinda ironic. You were fine with Obama bending the rules.
Only because Trump said he wouldn't prop up the insurance companies. If he like it you wouldn't.
What about the Getty Trust and perchlorates?
It's from people like you that don't understand illegal is exactly why 9/11 happened illegal I know you're not smart but try
Please retire
Thank you, Senator Feinstein.
Let me know when you win an election..
Thank you. Please keep the pressure on.
