California is right to refuse to hand over sensitive voter information. Good move, @AlexPadilla4CA.
Well at least the lawyers are busy.
No.. spreading TRUTH about democrat voter fraud. Cheating is all you have!
Trumps Transgender Ban is Cloud 2COVER  goings on in Trumps Closed Door Back Room, his reason for Ban is Unjustified! Closely look & listen
Turn it over...we will then see who is spreading lies.
We are talking about public information getting leaked in emails vs. classified information. I would love to see an ID verification to vote
I have heard #votersuppression but how would a verification cause voter suppression? I would like to see that my vote was counted as I voted
Voter registration is performed and managed by individual states. Fed's can't unregister you. Perhaps people register in more than one state
The purpose is direct targeting of propaganda thru social media that warps young and old minds alike. Automated brainwashing.
All done with media.
Specifically, social media, Fox news, and traffic reports on right wing talk radio.
Then make the data available and shine the light of transparency on it so we know the truth. If you have nothing to hide why hide it?
You must be afraid you are doing something wrong!!!!
A nazi database
How can voter data be private in a state database, but un-private in a federal database? If they vote and have SSNs, they should be in both.
No should know who a citizen of US voted for:private. Thankyou for standing to protect our Rights.
Lyin' Feinstein.
American citizens have a right to know that their elections are not being tampered with.
You'll all be out of office soon 
no, the true purpose is to eliminate illegal aliens who registered ILLEGALLY (2nd crime), with encouragement from Democrats
No. The true purpose is to use voter data to target voters w/ ads & advance suppression and intimidation, as w/ Cambridge Analytica.
Hillary hate/distrust campaign
So glad the California Sec of State declined their request.
Thanks for confirming that if you don't agree with an investigation it's ok to say no to any requests.
Two great nations facing the same kind of people who want to throw out democracy and impose monarchy.
Term limits and cap on campaign spending will help the fraud at the other end.
Voter fraud in St Clair county is horrible. It's hard to stop. Any help we can get is greatly appreciated.
I think it's horrible they can get our private data!! I trust them as much as i trust Trump!! Not one bit!! We don't get to see their data!
what are you hiding???
Why don't u all impeach him,My God he's done enough to our country,Please. get them all out that had anything to do with Russia.
Let them check if you have nothing to hide. Put a stop to all voter fraud. It is probably the worst in California.
Dianne, it's about manipulation. Period
Yes.

But you'd also better recognize that Clinton's primary 'win' was aided by GOP's #VoterSuppression scams.
By the way, I remember well your fawning support for Bush/Cheney's murderous "War on Terror" and shredding of our privacy rights. Thanks. 
There was absolute voter fraud in Contra Costa County evidence by myself my son and my neighbors
Don't know what the other 49 states replied...but California told Kobach & Pence to take a flying F*CK. Just love CA...so proud of it. ≧◠‿◠≦
What can be done to stop them .@SenFeinstein? I don't want my information given to #Trump #Kobach & #Pence
In advance voter suppression laws
You're a LIAR and a FRAUD! POS!!!!!1
Voter fraud in Palm Beach County
More Than 5,000 Non-Citizens Caught On Virginia’s Voter Rolls
Voter Fraud Database Tops 1,000 Proven Cases
Database Provides Sample of More Than 1,000 Cases of Voter Fraud, Many Involving Non-Citizens and Illegal Aliens
Strategy is to keep dividing America, get citizens to be suspicious of our institutions. But we can trust trump rant, deals & investments.
And Trump will probably share the info with the Russians and the Mercers/Cambridge Analytica.
Finding Democrats to disenfranchise.
Breitbart. That's all you've got? Don't be calling me a moron, in that case.
private voting data? The state collected it, the federal government certainly has the right to verify that data for national elections
How about a bipartisan congressional investigation into voter fraud.  Both sides get all data collected.
Can't we just arrest him already???
Well Senator Feinstein you're spreading lies because voter fraud is been going on for decades
All of you & your kind already allow voter data to be bought & sold, distributed, redistributed, filtered, profiled, etc.  Stop the lying.
He's asking for the same data that states sell to the highest bidder.

And why are you so scared of fair honest elections?
The only fraud is donny dump.
And #VoterSuppression. Remember: #45's an #IllegitimatePres who had #RussianHackers help him steal #Election2016. Don't let @GOP steal 2018!
Voter fraud is real. You don't want to admit it, because your party depends on it.
They spread lies to distract and deflect. 45 Unfit to serve. 45 Unhinged, unglued, unprofessional, immature, UnAmerican.
Can't let this happen! Absolutely Nazi tactic
Even worse, suppressing the Democratic vote. The GOP does not believe in democracy. It fears democracy.
Give the nothing.
I live in Tx. We know for fact voter fraud. They are not even afraid to tell you.
Feinstein is in her 80s and senile. #TermLimits
I think they want to remove voters and increase voter suppression. States can still say no...not a government agency.
It's NOT private. It's public info. Your people own a copy to manipulate votes.
Please make sure they never get a chance to do this!!  Thank you
Everyone knows voter fraud happens. How much... I want to know. Have a bipartisan group investigate, please.
Tell them HELL NO! @DemGovs
More evidence of voter fraud than Trump-Russia collusion.
Like the Russia Trump collusion if they are lies why would you not want to prove him wrong you do try with everything else?
DC is a worthless swamp.
Were finding out about real fraud. Dem/Russia connection. MAGA
Sorta like you scared people on numbers regarding health care
How many illegals voted for you
Thank You Senator Feinstein. Please, never stop fighting for our constitutional rights!! #Resist
They're lies? There's an investigation to confirm that, just as there are investigations of Trump into Russia that are lies as well yet....
Has anyone seen @flotus' immigration documents? Did she illegally vote?
Everything trump does & nominates (promotes) is a disaster ~ He's done that his entire life
If you have nothing to hide. Why not check.
What are you afraid of...illegals voting?
It's always something to take away our rights
No I do not want him to have any of my private voting history. Fight this please
We know Dems love dead and illegal votes
No evidence of fake "voter fraud." None!
Jared wants to do more data analysis.
STAND your ground, @SenFeinstein Don't give those traitors ANY of our information. California has your back!
Are you serious? Its purpose is to gather data to put voter suppression fraud on steroids. Won @GOP Presidency in 2000, 2004, 2016.
Russia
At this point I think his motive is vengeance.
And 40000 voter records being sold on the dark web.
Which is just another reason why trumps regime must be removed from office! Why hasn't the rational members of the government removed him?
Diane we all know that many people who vote are illegal. Why the hysteria?
We should all give that commission the big
As a California voter I would like to know if there was voter fraud. I want to know that the integrity of our voting system isn't corrupt.
California voting system is fraudulent.
I'm a Citizen Poll observer, I reported fraud and nothing happened. Purge the rolls, prevent illegal aliens and the dead from voting.
I think their purpose is much darker than that.
This is voter suppression plan and simple.
I think he wants the data to a. Give to the Russians b. Use to manipulate voters with propaganda c. Discredit integrity of voting process.
A MAN WHO CLAIMED WON THE PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION IS STILL PROVING HE WON THE ELECTION. PATHETIC!!!
Maybe they want to cross-check it with the records for sale online. You know, for security. 
Thank you!
don't forget "the List" 45 mntnd last year, usual suspects, undesirables, enemies, real vs. non-real! Sad! #Impeachtwitler
Every state should say no to this clear attempt to commit voter fraud by this commission
Didn't Russia commit fraud in the election?

 Stupid democrats lol
Thank you @SenFeinstein for your consistently strong voice on issues that count. I so appreciate your conviction and hard work.
This is wrong, Trump is shady. You and the rest of the Senate must stop this.
Hand it over, what are you hiding?
Do you have Obamacare? Why not
I'm pretty sure the real reason is to suppress votes.
NO, NO, NO... Oh, did I forget to say NOOOOOO, yet?!?
Voter fraud is a Straw Man, Voter suppression is real and Kobach means to further it, I believe #GregPalast
No. They want to gerrymander and possibly sell our information. It is worse than trying to make up voter fraud.
TRUMP staring in The Orient Express as Edward Ratchett. now playing.
Thanks 4 vigilance & please do all you can 2 prevent this type of private info from being shared publicly.
You r the best senator there is.
I demand that my private information not be used as a political tool.
#tRumpTool
He needs to be stopped he wants to pave the way for 2018 and 2020
These Flaming A-holes are DEMONIC.
Senator Feinstein, You need to retire!  Let someone with fresh ideas and enthusiasm for America take your place! #TooOldFor USSenate
CLASSY.
No way
Isn't this the party of states rights? Or is that just BS?
Great to see him fighting so hard to get to bottom of Putin's voter fraud & defend our... 
oh right...
are you sure ? i know how you dems love the dead vote ! and im interested in how many illegals your beloved obumer convinced to vote ?
Let's see, now.
I had to show my photo I.D., & be checked off of a list, before I could vote, but DEAD PEOPLE ARE STILL VOTING.
#RepubliCONS
He can call PUTIN to see how it was done... Oh, wait... @realDonaldTrump already did that! Not A Legitimate President!!
Voter ID in all 50 states mandated
What are you afraid of? California motor voter signed up too many illegals to vote democrat in last election, scare you Frankenstein?
Troll
I am so thankful you are my senator and that you truly represent my values and beliefs.
At this point I am seriously worried about the mid terms. Feels like they are further in jeopardy EVERY day.
What are you afraid of that there is voter fraud. It is amazing to use my health insurance I have to show I'd.
The only lies are coming from the Democratic Party. Remember Hillary Clinton. You supported the biggest lair of all!
Deedee, they have asked for the same info the states sell to campaigns. Why are @TheDemocrats not willing to protect our elections?
The more Trump' commission pushes for voter info, the less people will register to vote. Trump's voter suppression tactic. #StayRegistered
We need to urge gov's and state AG's to #resist

Creating an index to support the fascists to cull who they deem undesirable - it's in their 1932 playbook.
When will you start to do your duty?
And thankfully NM's Sec said "NO WAY"!! Mafiaoso @realDonaldTrump threats are losing bigly!

The real issue profits for senators&insurance companies? Why do republicans value providers profits more than health care for all? Ask POTU.
Voter registration drive!
#ElectionCommissionMustGo
Why would you write something so lame ass
I hope California sticks to not giving over the information to this bogus commission.
Sure there is no voter fraud.  You go with that.
26 states claim being hacked & claim no votes changed. Do you believe Putin went to all that trouble but didn't change the outcome? REALLY?
How do you know that there isn't #VoterFraud ... you don't 
Let it play out. I want to know every vote counts and is legitimate. Don't you?
Yes of course but I don't want them giving my info to the wrong people!
He's an idiot
WRONG!!
You live in the Republican bubble and you've been guzzling the POTU (President O Trump University) Koolaide for too long.
