DO YOU ALLOW THIS DIANNE?: Lets discuss "tho shalt not kill!" .... Waiting for your reply mam!
Just as we are waiting on "Pro-life" pundits to fund expired healthcare for 9 million kids On #CHIP 
#TheyFeelPain
ENABLEMENT VS EMPOWERMENT: If you want to be enabled vote democrat! If you want to be empowered vote republican! Independence is empowerment
Hey Bill, being pro-birth is not the same as being pro-life.  Why does your "caring" end the moment they leave the womb?
I CARE ABOUT ALL LIFE: I'm inclined to believe that it takes a village to raise children & adults... I want my empowered village back!
Do you really care about helping the poor, the hungry, the ill, the elderly, the homeless, and the persecuted? Those are all lives.
SINCE 1984, I DO VOLUNTEER WORK EVERY WEEK: I stay on the front lines empowering others so that they may have...  Honor an and privileged!
She must of accidentally forgot to mention all the violence in Chicago. Yeah, I'm sure she just forgot. These liberals are such hypocrites!!
Very true @TheRoyLRumble . We just know Chicago, New Orleans and Detroit because of the media hype.
He always talks about the violence in the inner cities. Has nothing to do with Obama. Chicago is a mess. U know it is.
Probably because Chicago is the worst when it comes to gun violence. I shouldn't have to explain this to you. Or Are u that blind?
Senator cites mass shootings. Ignores that congress will not #fundtheATF
Why fund police stations when there is crime?

Your right get those criminals and crazy people off the streets and take away THEIR guns
Don't forget to add the tragedies in America carried out with bombs and trucks full of fertilizer. The problem is the people not the weapon.
Except immediately after Oklahoma City bombing, regulations were placed on the fertilizer used in making that bomb. So, you were saying...?
U can still buy the same fertilizer. Buy huge quantity: red flag. Buy small, diff locations, no problem! We HAVE gun regs! U have a NEW one?
You may not simply walk in and buy said fertilizer.  Try again
Then how did Paddock acquire all the ammonium nitrate found N his car & house? Gee, U don't think bad people find ways around the law, do U?
Regulations prohibited him from causing another Oklahoma City situation.
most of that was Terrorists, had we had people carrying guns, the deaths could have been limited.
The fact that we did nothing after Newtown is unconscionable. Why didn’t you (all) do something then?
Why didn't we demand action?
We should have marched ,called congress and lobbied for gun control. We failed Newton too. 
Never again
What "gun control?" Chicago has toughest gun laws in US & the highest murder rate! 762 in 2016! Tell me what other law U suggest 2 stop it!
That Wisconsin and Indiana where most of Chicago's guns come from have tough gun control.
Orlando
Where is justice for Obama's justice department that gave guns to Mexican gangsters??? There's your sign!!
There was nothing illegal in Vegas 
As FOR as guns laws.
Too Late! Cali now sanctuary so you can expect more violence from Illegals you will be supporting! Bye Bye Cali! Shameful
What did you do when your party  held the majority of the senate? Or are you only passionate when you're the minority?
Then secure our boarders. And quit trying to tear this country apart. All of you Dems & Rep. Look how you talk and complain.
That's why we need secure boarders, enforcement or our current gun laws and more awareness in our public sector. Criminals don't obay laws.
I think we also need the right to discipline our children without fear and parents raise children to respect authority. Ban video games also
Respect of human life and knowledge of a God in heaven. Need to instill values back in everyone and realize life is already to short.
Senator Feinstein you're right something does need to be done but it is absolutely not more gun control. Enforce laws already on books now
Orlando 
Maybe you an the Democratic Party could stop your hatred movement against free speech an sending your goonies into colleges to stop free sp
Senator, please include psychologists and gun owners in your conversation. I'm formerly both. Add firearm experts, too.
You are blaming the firearm. It is the PERSON who initiates these tragedies. Without a firearm, my wife (et alia) are vunerable to harm.
I look at the comments and I have little hope for "gun control," whatever that is. Folks can't define assault weapons but want to ban them.
2/ that committed mass murder. Show me a registered NRA Republican gun owner that has done the same. I ll wait Senator for a answer.
You forgot Chicago
Mass shootings. If you don't scrutinize both commonalities and distinctions, I'm afraid your mission is doomed.
But it will.  The NRA is far too powerful and entrenched.
Yes, do something about it
Then get money out of politics
Make your bought and paid for Republican colleagues see that, Senator.  Until they put people over party and big donors, PEOPLE WILL DIE!
You can't stop nuts from falling out of the basket when the switch is flipped in their heads they are hard to stop gun control a joke T 2020

10 dems...
Daily in Chicago x ?
When will crazy and insane people be fixed ? When you fix people you will fix murders.
We agree with you senator. However, money in this country supersede reason and logic. Each tragedy brings more gun sales
So long as the NRA and white privileged males are running DC we will continue to have mass shootings..
Outlaw these weapons
We have our own American Taliban - Their ideology is very similar. 

America must rise above!
Then pass some legislation to provide for mental health care!  #peoplekillpeople
Deal with inner city gun violence first!
Why didnt you include 9/11?
Don't forget Orlando and the Pulse Nightclub.
Yes!
So #shutdown the #PENTAGON #PENTAGONで妄想  #PENTAGONのペンと繋がりたい and the @CIA will stop conducting its #FalseFlag attacks.
Blah blah blah. DO SOMETHING.
Sadly, most politicians have been bought by the gun lobby & therefore LV will get out done by the next crazy person.
All registered democrats!!!!
No more
I know we need to arm ourselves since the government don't protect us from these people.
Did you forget ORLANDO????? Yes. You did.
Make it easier so I can defend myself and allow my right to conceal carry!
Interesting you didn't mention the republicans shot at by democrat sniper in DC this yr
I agree with you
Sandy hook
When your list ends in “Wall Street” then it will stop. Goldman Sachs “trumps” the NRA.
Soon they’ll no longer fit in a Tweet - even if we inctrease the number of characters. This has got to stop!
All gun free zones don't forget to mention!!!
Appreciate the sentiment. Perhaps you could get the NRA gag order against the CDC lifted. It's been in place for 20 years.
#VaTechMom agrees thank you. We must #StandUp and say #Enough
Yet it will. Too much NRA money flowing into congress. If they didn't care about the kids from sandy hook, they won't care now
lets go from "talk" to "do something about it"
And yet there will just be more talk.
All these shootings were in gun free zones. Maybe our federal government shouldn't be afraid to enforce existing gun laws.
It's society!
Again let me ask you where have you been ? It's  not like you are a freshman senator.
And Orlando!
You are correct.. Please ask your party to stop these crimes.
If I lose my life from someone else's liberty, in the pursuit of happiness then what is the Constitution for?#EndGunViolence #EnoughIsEnough
No we cant, and yet you still do.
But you are...
Hey @SenFeinstein, common denominator,  not guns stupid, mentally ill
Like seat belts and cigarettes. Balance tipped from freedom to own killing machines to regulation for the benefit of the public's safety!
Yet we do.
You are so right.  Stop the liberal disorder.
It’s up to you guys to fix it. Millions upon millions of American back gun control yet it never gets fixed. Preaching to the choir
ORLANDO. It was the biggest until this week.
Wow. I retweeted that without thinking much about it and didn't notice that Orlando was missing. Thank you.
Sadly we have a Congress in bed with The NRA and a "president" who wont piss off his base voters to save the lives of the rest of America!
Senator put action behind your words
What about chicago and other places where people die everyday? Oh right ... they vote for your team.
No one will ever stop evil. You will only prevent good people from having guns.
But you seem unable to stop it year after year. The @GOP works for the @NRA. How do get around that?
Unfortunately, our Republican Legislators  pocket $ personally from the NRA & Gun Lobby above their salary. There's no will
They're corrupt
If it were any other group, other than white males, gunning down US citizens there would be a very different reaction from @POTUS @mike_pence @GOP
You disparage the victims in Orlando by forgetting them. Why didn't @TheDemocrats do something in 2009-11?
When people think they can make up morality then their whim becomes the definition of what is right
Then we will not. But first you must get rid of fomenters of hatred Trump and Putin. They are both still stirring the propaganda pot.
Maybe figure out why democrats condone violence?
& Orlando...don't forget Orlando!!!!!
It is insanity we allow this situation to continue as it is!Your efforts to pass some common sense gun laws is supported and so needed.
And yet Dianne not one single law prevented the evil perpetrated on decent Americans.  Let's continue to punish law abiding citizens.
Now is the time to talk about gun laws
True,but I do not see what you suggest to stop it.
Yet you allow women to take the lives of babies in the womb.... Hypocrite.
Ban liberals and Muslims from the country?
Bans. What is it with the rights need to 'ban' those that don't think like they do? Ugh.
The banning of free speech and ideas is solely in the realm of liberals. Just go to any American college.
At least we don't want to ban the right from the country...
Sure you do. Liberals believe anyone who voted for Trump should be eliminated.
Not me. I have an aunt in Alabama that voted for Moore cause she doesn't believe in same sex marriage. I strongly disagree but she can stay in Alabama.
You want to see racism, have a conservative group invite a black conservative speaker to a liberal college.
Ok. Yr just missing the point. Liberals may not want to hear them but we are not calling for them to leave the country. Which is what u suggested in yr reply tweet
You have been in Congress for years. Why haven't you done something by now?
It's important to remember Obama's gun control didn't pass the Senate because of Dems taking money from NRA
But it will. Its now or never for America. Ban guns get rid of trump.
Out law liberalism
Since you obviously hate the 2nd amendment why do u have ARMED security?  Your as old and senile as Pelosi.  You need to GO
Gun grabbing *****. Take all you security detail guns.
Lets look down both barrels of this issue and take stock in the need for registration and licensing owners!  This should trigger some talk!
Miami airport, Orlando, Spokane
What is the solution? Seriously, I’m a gun owner and agree with you but no idea Re: ending this bloodshed
Maybe if there was a mass shooting every day for a month Republicans would consider looking at gun issues.... but, probably not...
Then please, do something. Write a law to get rid of assault weapons.
If you really believe this, why don't you stop the hate speech from your side of the aisle?    
Marge
You forgot Orlando!
There is no reason people should own semiautomatic weapons. None. It's madness.
Chicago. Oh my bag, they have gun control and there death toll is unacceptable The gun used in Vegas is already illegal
Indiana...right next door!  We need the same ban in all 50 states.
We should ban cars next due to more people being killed every day as a result40,000/year. People killed by cars
There would be far more traffic fatalities if we did not have licensing and driving laws.  Are you willfully obtuse @otiskit?
Your saying a criminal would abide by that.  Tell me how that's  working for ChicagoSo it's ok to loose 40,000 people senselessly
Again, obtuse. Your bright red puntuation does not make you look smarter, fyi.
Ban antidepressants and outlaw all mind altering drugs. Oh yeah teach children the 10 commandments in school.
http://wurdsfromtheburbs.blogspot.com/2015/10/another-mass-shooting-ho-hum.html …
But we have allowed it, so far. We have to get the Republicans, who are pro-death and massacre, out of office.
You’re right we have. I thought for a minute of asking @SenFeinstein what have she and other dems been doing all this time? I feel like...
I’m voting for smart gun regs but there must be more ppl who vote opposite cuz it rarely happens. Are there really so few of us that want it
Orlando
We are sitting out here helpless while you in Congress fight and tweet. This is insanity.
But you do
Given our current legislative atmosphere, I think we're stuck with what we have. Disgraceful.
And Orlando
And we have done NOTHING to stop it. The American people are open to suggestions
How about zero tolerance for ANY gun crime. Mandatory sentence!!!! It's not gun nuts.... It's nuts with guns. Those things are NOT the same
But we will because neither Congress, the President nor the Supreme (ironic) Court have balls enough to do anything meaningful about it!
Then what are you DOING? Twitter can't write bills.
Stop blaming the guns. It is EVIL. Are you going to ban planes trains and automobiles too? Well, you should!
All the above proves the "climate" of America has changed. Who in their right mind commits mass murder? Answer: A very EVIL person.
Also Salt Lake City in 2007 at Trolley Square Mall.

1/3 Senator you have missed several on this list, but I digress, the common thing is not about #GunControl.
2/3 Curiously the majority of the mass shootings you have listed seemed to have occurred during Obama's administration.
What legislation will fix it?? Without infringing on our rights! No guns? They will find a way Nice: 80+ dead 400+ injured using a Truck!!
@HouseGOP @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan Americans will SUPPORT this BAN!  #EndGunViolence #GunControlNow
You have to do better than that. What is an assault rifle? My Mossberg would not have been banned in CA--why not? Words--and lives--matter.
but in failed in 2013 to boaster to make gun automatic so to senator to make it right need all support we can to do this now that is 60
None of your lousy restrictions & gun free zones did anything to stop those. Just be honest and say you want complete confiscation
Get the guns! There is no other way.
Apparently you can if you're a member of the GOP and you keep getting your palm greased, excuse me bribe from the NRA
You can't make laws against Evil  Its a moral issue and Hate must stop with You .Stop making this about guns,remember bombs he had
Like defeating Trumpcare, CALL CONGRESS demand gun law reform:

SENATE:
http://www.senate.gov/senators/contact/ …

REPRESENTATIVES:
http://www.house.gov/representatives/ …
Of course not no one disagrees
THEN DO SOMETHING NOW OR BE VOTED OUT OF OFFICE. IMPOTENT DEMOCRATS ARE JUST AS BAD FOR AMERICA AS BOUGHT AND PAID FOR REPUBLICANS.
@thenurse75 But we do. Over & over!
This is why I call for repeal of the 2nd Amendment. No more hiding behind a dubious and anachronistic "right." #RepealThe2nd
Abortion clinics kill 100× more people but your cool with them. Talk about being a complete hypocrite...
Columbine should be the first, last, and only entry on that list. Everything after that is an abominable failure of this nation.
And yet we do.  Keep up the fight. Doing nothing by our congress and our president is a disgrace to the country and the citizens.
#Orlando.  Please don't forget Orlando
No, we must do something to help the mentally ill!
Letting angry white males run the show will allow this to continue. No excuse.
Common sense and common denominator "mental health " we lack a reporting process for mentally ill from legal purchase of guns. START there!
It starts with mental evaluation for every one considering buying a guy then I say a 365 day waiting period along with that mental  monthl
Also if your caught doing a crime  with a gun 30 yrs max in prison no ? Ask
Please speak clearly what you want to try and do to fix it.
Then retire because you clearly are not getting anything done.
Well,what are you going to do? Force GOP &45 to control guns in USA.Don't listen to McConnell he gets $from NRA.Enough is enough.We demand!
And what are you doing to help change it? Talk to colleagues & constituents to make changes. We're fed up with it too.
and black keep killing black in bankrupt democrat chicago with strict gun control.
we must hold all the republicans who keep voting in favor, accountable
Really http://Senator.You  want to do something about " gun violence " whenyou support planned parenthood,kills babies /sellsthere parts
So...the "we" in this case is "you"
When the NRA is no longer in control of key members of Congress, we will once again be a country that values life.
FEDERAL REGISTRY.  GOV'T SHOULD KNOW WHEN SOMEONE OWNS 42 GUNS.
To start with all guns are not gotten legally or have you been living under a rock Trump 2020
The republicans can and will. So sad. 
NRA gives way to much money to GOP. It’s not a democracy as long as money can bribe!!!
101 California, SF City Hall. Please lead. If not now, when?
@SenateGOP who ignore legislating FOR THE PEOPLE are violating their oaths of office & complicit to mass murder. THEY MUST BE REPLACED.
You need to move to my neighborhood so I can benefit from your security solutions
Get small the GOP said means don't go out of your house tell your children to stay home and watch Tv and play video games!
Thank you, Senator. Please call for impeachment.
Gun Free Zones!  More guns in the hands of trained law abiding citizens = less crime!  All Gun laws against free citzns = unconstitutional!
The Fake President Twitter was endorsed by NRA . Need to hold both responsible for this. He will never pass gun control.
Heroin is illegal
Heroin use and deaths INCREASED under Obama 

Tell me again your detailed plan to take guns from criminals?
You forgot, NYC, Boston, Panama City but maybe they don't fit your narrative.
This has NOTHING to do with Gun control...Please place a ban on crockpots too then!
You don't have a country the country belongs to the Republicans now
As long as there is an American south and nothing done about mental illness as well gun control won’t pass it should of along time ago
We can and, sadly, will.
Columbine happened during the '94 AWB. So did the beltway shootings along with others.
You forgot Orlando...
ONE very easy thing DEMS can do to start with is work with the GOP and #BanBumpStocks -a win win for both parties all for AMERICAN LIVES!
You forgot 473+ shooting deaths so far this year in Chicago.  Wonder why Democrats never want to talk about Chicago...
Bring it Senator Feinstein the resistance is with you! It is way past time for sensible gun control! I believe in 2 man & common sense!
Every time these massacres happen we debate gun control and nothing ever changes. Its an insult to those that have lost their lives!
As an alumni of Virginia Tech, I would have expected and hoped that our laws would have changed by now!  Look how many deaths since then!
Diane, when you agree to give up your security detail whom I'm sure carries a Gun, we citizens will consider giving up 2nd Amendment rights
@GOP takes @NRA $, citizens don't understand 2nd Amendment, lack of mental health care. America guns 4 all, eliminate healthcare #lasvegas
1966 - 15 shot dead

Don't forget Orlando! 
You made it work in San Francisco and you can make it work in USA!!! 
So true. But how to judge others with guns prior to these situations difficult. Words action warning signs of intended misuse.
#oaux @appslab cameo appearances in an #oow17 Future of Work session
Stockton CA 1989- 5 school kids gunned down
Liberal emotions being mistaken for "action".  Nothing will happen because you are not a leader. You are a follower.
DIANE YOU FORGOT FORT HOOD or like Obama that was just a workplace incident so IT DIDNT MATTER
Give up you're security detail then.
