Our country shouldn’t tell immigrants who perform thankless jobs that they can work but can’t build lives here. That’s not what we're about.
What does it say about this administration’s values that wealthy individuals are allowed in while people fleeing violence are turned away?
It would have been great, than you would not be here
So would have Trumps Mom who came as an illegal immigrant
Under the Trump Presidency she might've chosen Canada instead....
Trump's own mother, a domestic servant with no funds, would also have been turned away. Poor, sad man.
So many ignorant statements. All would have the chance to work and if they supported themselves and family, they earn citizenship #RAISEAct
Unfortunately times have CHANGED in the past 50 years! I'm sick & tired of carrying millions of immigrants on my tax-paying back!
They babysit your kids, clean your home/hotel, grow/pick/cook/serve your food, tend you in hospitals/nursing homes, including many doctors.
TIMES HAVE CHANGED. MY  grandparents came from Italy, LEGALLY<  but learned English immediately and conformed to our ways.
I really wish your family was still still in Russia
And your husband would not have become mega-wealthy via inside government sweetheart deals. Shoulda done this years ago!
Yep she gets great deals like to sell the US post offices when it should have been given to the states to sell

That was many many years ago, that is how my parents came here, ( with respect for others, morality and to make a better life for their kids
Trump doesn't want intelligent people immigrating to the United States, just wealthy people.   Says a lot about trump.
None of my grandparents spoke English when they emigrated from Sicily or Italy mainland. My father was a Pearl Harbor Survivor. What if?
Wrong! Immigrants go through a process to become legally immigrate. It's not a sudden overnight process. Learning English is assimilating
my family came had jobs and money learned english and became good Americans like your mom.She would not be trued away that is a lie
Yes, he also forgot his roots. We should mention most speakers of other languages have better vocabulary than he does being so American.
Trump would also be turned away, since he doesn't speak English either.
Trumps mother was an illegal immigrant btw
And he's an illegitimate president. Apple doesn't far fall from the tree.
Perhaps him German born grandfather would also have been turned away.
AND HER DAUGHTER TURNED INTO A CORRUPT CORPORATE TOOL #corporatedems #Justicedems
My grandparents are immigrants and spoke no English when they came here.  They'd be turned away.  Trump doesn't know or appreciate US=
Exactly, just like Trump's own mother!
Much different times we have now. Need to get immigration laws under control so we can do better for immigrants.
Donald's mother came here illegally in 1929, he needs to be reminded he is from a family of immigrants.
Damn @realDonaldTrump , talk about being too late!
The best thing would have been if she was turned away. Then you wouldn't be hear ruining California.
Not as I understand, could she make a living, contribute to USA Dream? MUST of worked out your here!
Mine came here 1739 from Germany to PA and onward.
The Bannon white nationalist with that Steven Miller Facist mouth piece, is driving Trumps agenda.
Ur Mom was then. This is now...& now, we r $22 trillion in debt. If we put too many in our lifeboat, we will sink!
Stop exploting miniorties to get their votes
Yeah your Elite your mother wouldn't even vote for you
I bet she learned English fast.  You seem to have done just fine.  Now, let's focus on the present not Your past you selfish brat.
You're so obsessed with hate toward our president it's hard to take you seriously about anything you have to say.
And you wouldn't be in the Senate destroying the country. 

You just gave me one more reason to support the bill.
There are those who'd claim that the way my Irish grandparents spoke wasn't English either.
True of my grandparents, too.  And also true of Trump's father's family.
Now your getting it
So would have #45s mother!
it really isn't fair. We have resources for ESL learners. We can make them too.
That explains why you arent Canadian.  They already turn away useless liars who are a drain on society.  Have always vetted immigrants.
And let's not forget Mrs. Trump. Wasn't there something about violation of her visa?
@realDonaldTrump's Grandparents were German immigrants. I wonder how much English they spoke. Perhaps we should ask Mr Miller...?
Please just hollow
I believe that would include the parents of Senator Cruz and Senator Rubio as well, would it not?
We all get turned down from jobs etc. because we don't meet the requirements everyday.  Fulfill req. and then get in line!
I agree with trump
I get tired of paying taxes and all these immigrants are getting free government assistant
So
Ditto my Grandparents but they spent their lives contributing to the US as did their children & grandchildren. Give me a break already!
As much sense as the investigation into Trump. But then again we could find the truth about your husbands business practices
My family are from Ireland and Germany uneducated and didn't speak English
Eighborhood KGB? D o you still have relatives there, do you have pictures.... Lets call for a special council to look at you. Makes about
So did my bubbe! Hoping the grand jury throws all of them out of the people's house!
Oh no your mother had ties to RUSSIA I bet she went to the bank there, how did she get money to come here, was the local butcher in her
Too bad she wasn't.
And when she did, we didn't have the high skill jobs we have now.  The market depended on labor, it no longer does as heavily. Times change.
Very few Americans don't have such stories.
Too bad she wasn't an Olympic gold medalist. Apparently, there are points for that
My grandparents were Yiddish speaking Jewish immigrants from Russia as well
All I ask is that our needy are taken care of first.
Most of the people here come from immigrants even Trumps family! Even the native Americans who were here first didn't speak English!
As would 2 of Trump's wives.
Is that good or bad?
Case and point.  America is better with these laws
u make it sound like a bad thing!
This President and his alt-right minions have no understanding of migration. They are only motivated by eugenics. He must be impeached
POTUS new bill on emigration is contrary to everything this nation represents.  He has no right to decide who may pursue a dream of freedom.
they should have to get jobs and be of value to our country instead of drinking and driving and taking up space in our jail
That's right. And I couldn't get into the college today that accepted me years ago because STANDARDS CHANGE.
Another branch of my family came about 1795. Only spoke German. Cemetery on church land donated by them, stones German till late 19th cent.
Your ignorance is astounding, you actually feel that things are the same today as 100 years ago.
My great grandfather was born on boat in NY harbor, near the then new #StatueofLiberty. His parents spoke only German, just like Dons mommy
let him deport Melania the immigrant
Probably would excuse Russians!
Senator, can you please share with your esteemed colleagues that the U.S. has no official language?
I did not know that! What a great success story!
My family is out too.My Grandpa arrived in 1902 from Sicily at 16. Got a job on the railroads and learned English as he went. Wonderful man.
My pop came from Italy-never could write or read English to become a citizen- his lifelong dream.  Instead he was labeled Enemy Alien WWII.
Most ridiculous bill ever!  This embarrasses me as an American.   We are an inclusive society and this feels anything but ....
We have a president who has trouble speaking English
My Greek grandparents didn't know English when they came to US but they created businesses & jobs.
If that rule existed when my grandparents came to NYC from Russia, they would have been turned away and almost certainly killed in Shoa
So would Melania!
Great, just what we need a few million more people here competing for jobs at Walmart
Just think how better off we would be without your divisiveness
It is as if Trump forgot even where he and his family came from. Amnesia about your past does not erase it.
This Russian connection to a US senator needs immediate investigation!!!!
My great-great grandfather was a Prussian tailor. I am here because America is the land of opportunity. His America is the real America.
But she came 150 years ago.  It does not compare.
My grandparents did not speak English either from Italy and Russia . They were hard working , god fearing amazing citizens
It's such a disgusting, racist bill.
Learning from our mistakes?
Also my grandparents. They & their descendants made big contributions - builders, Drs, engineers, artists etc #ImmigrantsMakeAmericaGreat

Yes , because we don't need unskilled labors anymore.  Time to be more selective.
My grandma and grandpa, same thing! It's not right what he wants to do!
The new Russian connection
My grandparents came from Russia and Germany and spoke no English they also would of been turned away
This bill is intended to keep out poor brown people. He is just playing to his racist base.
I had three grandparents who fled Russia to escape the pogroms. They came here to build a better life. They also would be turned away.
So sorry Zelda. My ggrandfather a man who worked so hard and donated land to his local school district would have also been turned away.
Thank you Marie. Sad time for our country.
Similar experience for my mother Senator Feinstein.  These parameters are outrageous and favor the wealthy.
The bill is garbage.

Stephen Miller's family originally came to the USA from Anopol, Belarus. More than likely they did not speak English, probably Russian.
When she emigrated, there was no welfare state to exploit.
Following your example, this would have been a good thing. You wouldn't be here.
It is myopic of this administration when there are not enough laborers to work in the fields and in the poultry farms.
Do you know that for a fact? If you don't, then, don't comment on it.
If this law somehow would have prevented a senator Feinstein I'm all for it....

What can congress and the Senate do?
My great grandma was from Russia...Bless you Dianne 
So you are saying we are too late to avoid that train wreck huh?  Damn.
Different times
And future generations will suffer. A sad future reality but the question is what we collectively are doing about it?
My Italian nonni arrived in 1907 & 1912 with $20/ea, no language skills save a Lombardi dialect & no jobs. SF welcomed them & they thrived.
My grandmother also!
Would you allow her to come here now based on your sanction with Russia. How many Russian do we allow now.
Who wants to go into the business of teaching basic English overseas via donations from the USA just to thwart Trumpy?
Ppl that want 2 migrate to US should assimilate 2 us not the other way around+this is modern x's  ppl from other countries speak2-3languages
My grandparents did too!
Would Trump's own immigrant parents or grandparents have been allowed in the country or stay once they got here under these new rules?
It would have been in best interest of USA if she was turned a way.
My mother's parents, too. They only spoke Polish when they arrived. This is incredibly sad.
Bull
So would Melania
All my grandparents from Italy.
How sad, and ignorant of this arrogant POS.  Our whole country is made up of immigrants! @hpyblubrd
I think they really want a larger semi slave class of illegals that they can manipulate w/fear.
End the Russia-bashing. It's unbelievable your DEM faction would stoop this far.
All 4 of my grandparents would have been turned away.
Isn't it already a requirement that u must take a civil and English class to be naturalized ?What's the difference ?
My mother emigrated from Portugal in  1940 and learned English. She had not education. Went to work as a domestic. I'm glad she persisted!
@SenatorCollins @SenBobCorker @SenTomCotton @LindseyGrahamSC @MikeLeeforUtah @SenDeanHeller @JerryMoran @lisamurkowski @RandPaul @cnn @BW
Proud to call you my Senator
My dad came 2 US from Mex-enlisted in US Army-had 2 become a US citizen b4 leaving US soil 2 fight in Korean War w/out speaking any English
If your grandmother was from Russia, you must be part of the Russia collusion. Did she know Putin's great grandmother?
under the new law His own Mother would be turned away. I'm, scensing a very old resentment between potus and mummy
That would of been a good thing. Maybe public corruption would of been affected. Spending over 30 yrs. on govt. payroll and backroom contrac
So what's your point today isn't the same as it was back then you people can't compare old days in current times
Hahaha what's that they say about those who don't study history?
No she wouldn't she's Russian. donnie welcomes all Russians
My grandparents emigrated 1915 during Armenian genocide. No one liked "them furriners" but, like others, they all made this great country.
His own wife would not gave made it into the country.
Maybe you need to be investigated for involvement with Russia!
We are glad she could come and had you. We need more Senators like you!
My great-grandfather came from Russia, escaping Jewish persecution. W/o money or English, he swept streets until he was able to own a cafe.
His son, my great uncle, served as a medical doctor in WWII and saved lives on the beaches of Normandie.
His story is the American Dream. Please work hard to keep it alive.
Over half of immigrant population is on government assistance. Maybe an American dream of sorts, but not for people who foot the bill.
Lol. You've been brainwashed. Half of all AMERICANS are on government assistance.
Food prices alone would be 10x more without immigrants.
Refugees often make the best citizens
The same with my great grandparents.  #NoImmigrationBill
shame we did not have this law 80 years ago
Don't be silly, he let's Russians in.
My grandparents too - would have been turned away.
And I'll bet she came here legally under the rules of those times.
He is an embarrassment to our nation built with immigrants.
Wish she had.  You wouldn't be here then
My granny cane from Spain.  They had sponsors to live in WV.  She learned English, made her kids learn English. They were happy to be here.
So would Melania.
Melania speaks 5 languages 
I`ve heard her read Michelle`s speeches.
I'm not defending her on the plagiarism. At least she can speak 5 languages how many can u speak. BUT look at u judging her accent 
Not judging her accent at all. Am judging her for earning $20,056 before obtaining a proper work permit. And violating her tourist visa.
And marrying Donald Trump.
She got her green card in '01 married trump in '06
А он уже женат
Mine arrived from Poland and from Canada. Polish and French spoken only.
As would my parents.
Our ag businesses rely on people who do what Americans refuse to do unfortunately
Same with my grandfather, who came from Greece.
so would his wife..america needs a real leader..
My Zaidy emigrated & became a doctor & my grandmother, daughter of non-prof immigrants, became one of the first female lawyers in the US.
Breaking news: Senator Deedee admits she has deep ties to Russia! A special counsel must be impaneled to get the facts
Mrs. Feinstein: PLEASE DO NOT LET THAT HAPPEN! 

Thank you so much for everything you have done so far

#TheResistance
This is unAmerican. Please do not let this pass.
I'm glad, we should have a tax payer investigation launched into YOUR affairs. #transparency
Am so glad we have you!
Was your mother German? (AHSGR) @SenFeinstein
My 3 Great Grandparents sailed to America from Germany in 1848, I'm willing to bet neither spoke any english!
I wonder if your ancestors were responsible for the death of mine? #CherokeePride #TrailOfTears
Please do not let this pass!!!!!!
But now, over half of the immigrants to US are on government assistance. Fail to see a problem here Sparky?
Low income worker is not the same as welfare recipient....duh.... govt assistance is FAR higher for immigrants in modern age.
Same w/ my gparents. An absolute outrage by this Admin. In the meantime.... crops are going unharvested in CA fields bc of not enough labor.
I live in the area & have talked to the farmers who have raise wages & offer benefits. The problem is the supply of labor not work ethic.
What you say is true .... but I said that there is no labor available... regardless of age.
We are so glad that she came and that you are her daughter!  Thank you for all your excellent work for our country!
So would mine. She came from Norway and spoke very little English.
That was then, this is now. So many different parameters.
Immigrants are necessary to the culture, power, and economic might of America. The USA is a nation of immigrants!
That is not true!
