Ban sanctuary status!!! Protect Americans from liberal democrats.
I hope you take great pride in how much Trump must despise your penchant for telling the truth. You're wonderful. I love you.
Why would you think that? And FYI, I've never touched dope... What exactly is dope? Just any drug? All I'm on is Watermelon juice. Yummy!
So basically you could've just said "I'm a republican" lol
Wait... But... Nevermind. Just sleep on it and maybe tomorrow you'll have that "Ah ha moment" and realize why I'm rolling my eyes
Authorities on Wednesday arrested an illegal immigrant suspected of starting an illegal campfire believed to have ignited a growing Northern California blaze that destroyed 10 homes, damaged five others and threatened hundreds more. So good for u feinstein
Watch for criminal investigation of extortion, bribery, collusion, money-laundering & kick-backs involving Obama, DOJ, FBI & media officials
Of course she won't admit that! Maybe many in congress are involved with the RUSSIA scandal, they covered it up from 2015?
If you slept for a year and woke up today, you wouldn't recognize where we are.  Taking us down a slippery slope. Religions deserve respect
By 2 senile left leaning judges. Imagine that.
Senator, you know better than this. 9th Circuit is unreliable to apply Constitution. SCOTUS will need to fix this one, too.
She has her dem blinders on. She slings as much slanted stuff as her fellow wing nut Harris

You do understand Americans are aware of what is going on in Europe and are truly not interested in having the same happen here? USA WOKE UP
Senator, You can't see that he is protecting the American people; You are not. Just complaining, making up stuff to hurt Trump. Rediculous!
Oh Indonesia & Egypt are on there? Just checking
You mean the travel restrictions that have already been ruled constitutional and legal by SCOTUS? The same ones Clinton and others have used?
Why are you against 
protecting us?
Lol you racist.
Keep the refugees out  and the ban is god sent go TRUMP that’s why y’all are broke broke
Fooling anyone is not the goal. Safety of American citizens is. Evil hates truth. 
Which will be overturned. If you are a Christian in these countries, turns out you will be banned as well.
Yes but as normal the Supreme Court will over turn the loosers!
Damning evidence shows Secretary Hillary Clinton conferred benefits to Russia in exchange for millions to her foundation & $145M to Bill.
Com'on Fiance you already  packed Cal. With millions  of illegals for votes how many Muslims  do u need for dems to win elections.
I love it I type Dianne and get fiance.
Yes, By Obama Flunkies! Let’s get the Supremes to rule on it ASAP!
#ClownJerryBrown 
No one wants a Hawaiian judge making national policy.
@SenFeinstein Just once I would like to hear you say something positive! You and the Democratic Party are the most negative people on earth!
Says the person who is AGAINST CHRISTIANS..  Your worse,  most of the US believe in God not Allah
http://www.nnettle.com/news/2316-brad-pitt-elite-hollywood-pedophiles-control-america- …
You're part of this pedophile ring. Trump is trying to do away with people like you!!
http://www.nnettle.com/news/2316-brad-pitt-elite-hollywood-pedophiles-control-america- …
It doesn't even concern 90% of the world's Muslims. So it is not a "Muslim ban." But keep lying and pandering.
Why does the beautiful state of California have the most retarded leaders??? Serious question!
Ur attempt 2 cloak urself in the body of a walking dead old woman w/dementia & a fetish against America & firearms isn't fooling us SATAN!
What are you going to say when these two procommie judges are overruled by SCOTUS
If you respond negatively to the Senator's tweet, you may be a racist.
Why hasn't Judiciary Cmte charged Sessions with contempt?  What about his perjury?  Regular citizens would have been charged by now.
The Dems goal is to get as many Extreme Radical Muslims in the US.
hey Frankenstein, muslims kill Christians!Try visiting somali, west bank, chad, without taxpayer body guards! Dementia a bitch
You don't seem to realize that defending our enemies is hurting the Democratic party
And again you freakin liberals don't even realize for what and why these people are here for and when it's to late you will be the firsttogo
We know the answer but mind me asking why your so adamant about allowing potential threats walk among us ?
You should take a few of the Muslim refugees in your home
Correct Senator and latest is they added a country because said country didn't have passport paper sample available at time for DHS, CRAZY!
Oh stop already.
The idiot in Hawaii is not a judge...he is a liberal left activist.
U must be 1st to get this info https://www.standard.co.uk/news/world/us-security-chief-elaine-duke-warns-isis-are-plotting-new-911-a3662466.html … You don't care abt safety of ur ppl Only antiTrump agenda https://www.standard.co.uk/news/world/us-security-chief-elaine-duke-warns-isis-are-plotting-new-911-a3662466.html …
Ma'am I think u are prehistoric in age and riddled with alziemers give it up and retire. There is just so many babies u can eat.
Not to worry Dianne, the Supreme Court will rule on the side of the president, allowing him to keep the trash out!
Yep ....liberal dem. Federal judges put our country at higher risk thru abuse of power. Never was a "muslim ban" sen.  Stop the liberal spin
The sleaze speaks
Now I guess this means fast track to the Supreme Court?
Funny how you didn't mind when democrat admin banned same countries!! #hypocrite
You mean liberal 9th Circuit who has the most over-ruled decisions by Supreme Court than any other. Where shady characters like you go 2!
Dementia D wants American bodies littering the streets of the United States like “open borders” Europe.
Your bs will get you unelected
He is obviously nuts. Yet you carry on business as usual.
You know, you're acting just as badly as you accuse others of doing? I used to think you were OK Dem until I started following your Tweets.
If you would just go away, it might be a little better for us Californians. You & your left-wing judges are the ones fooling/destroying us.
We can blame you for any Terrorist attack, like Las Vegas. I will remember that when I vote
I wish your family would travel to these countries!!!!!!!!
We will become like Western Europe.  This globalism experiment is a failure for the west. Mass migration and stagnant wages.
Oh please. The two rulings by liberal judges will be overturned. We need judges that follow the constitution.
You are delusional it is for our safety have you seen Europe lately?
Old hag will say anything against POTUS her state is gone so she wants the entire country to suffer
Yet another aspect of 45's stupidity: he can't fool most of us most of the time.
Muslims launch campaign to BAN Dogs from public spaces & teach infidels how to respect Muslims

#IfItWerentForDogs
Why not? Reduce the risk of assholes coming in and wrecking shit.
... rulings in crap district courts which get overturned in the blink of an eye by SCOTUS.
He is NOT President-he is merely Trump!
Wow, you still call it a Muslim ban, you square?
Why no support from you for Sonoma County fires.
Madam Senator,
What is it going to TAKE for Congress to ACT? PLEASE ask this of your constituents.
No surprise there... those are the most liberal courts in the land...congratulations on that small victory... lol
Feinstein's greater concern for foreign nationals than US citizens isn't fooling voters.  She's protecting future terrorists from exclusion.
Maybe all the illegals can come to live in your neighborhood with you and your friends.
8 out of 55 mostly Muslim countries? That's not a Muslim ban
Fooled you. It's not a Muslim ban, otherwise Muslims from other countries would not be allowed into the US... Nice Try though.
I have less of a problem with that.  Do we want attacks & bombings by radicals as Europe is experiencing?
Dems do so they can blame it on Trump
When are you going to Americans first and protect us and not your own interests
Please, please retire dear COMRADE AND GO TO CUBA
I've listened to over 120 hours of testimony of Holocaust survivors on Youtube. If I learned anything from it, it is welcome the refugee.
NOIt's D activist judges who have no idea what their role is. They dont make laws. Any Prez can Dcide how 2 protect our country #RetireNow
Before you act appalled let’s wait for SCOTUS to weigh in. Then realize they have the final say. Gloat or whine after.
He intends to keep the Jews & the Muslims out of the US. Later he wants to get rid of the blacks & Hispanics. Africa and Latin America know?
It's a shame terrorist infested regions don't document ppl so they can prove they aren't ISIS savages pretending to be refugees.
Those who authorized Sanctuary Cities are guilty of Treason: 
giving aid/comfort to enemies criminals & terrorists
http://www.nytimes.com/1861/01/25/news/treason-against-the-united-states.html …:
Correct, they will not follow Constitutional Law! Bashes @POTUS for following the law! This does not compute?
Sen. John McCain recently spoke about us as the "last best hope of earth."  We should not turn away the displaced because of Muslim fear.
Let's go back to square one...We'll always have problems with a White Supremacist Xenophobic Racist Bigot Traitor in the White House.
How anyone could be fooled by @realDonaldTrump  Flim Flam man, You think u can.  Are you waiting for evidence to see how deep?
What about the other 40 Muslim countries that are not on the travel ban list? So tell me, how is it a Muslim ban?
The Supreme Court already ruled it twice in favor. Calling it a "Muslim Ban" is a blatant lie.
Yeeeaaaahhhhh   see through the madness and not react.  Great teaching moment. Woot woot!
Funny how you only seem to care about people when you need votes. End corruption! Vote @David4SenateCA! #VoteThemOut #BERNIE2020 #SB562

If it is a Muslim ban then why are muslim-majority countries left out? Have you always been this filled with hate?
By liberal judges who care nothing about the security of this country. I pray no terrorist get in
No ban no wall the song
How’s the President of Hawaii doing from the nutty 9th?
It’s a travel ban, not a muslim ban and why were you ok with the same under Obama?
Hypocrite!
You don't want to keep our country safe?

You’re not fooling anyone either. We know it’s not a “Muslim ban”. If it was, no Muslims would be allowed in.
Thank God something good is happening.
Even more alarming, Senator...our AG/DOJ has become a rubber stamp for the Trump WH.

Justice. Must. Be. Independent.
@SenFeinstein ,Acknowledged.
It includes NK & Venezuela. So is it a "Muslim Ban"? We know U aren't tweeting right now, it's UR staff. The SC will overturn lower court.
If he originally needed 90-180 days to "figure out what the hell is going on", hasn't he had 9 months now to do just that ban or no ban?
U mean liberal judges legislating from the bench illegally pushing a political agenda?? U the poster woman of Term limits...
Which will also be overturned by higher courts. *yawn*. We’ve been here before.
Feinstein is clearly trying to create the Wild West over again we're only the criminals have guns and Power all about the votes 4 Dems votes
Yeah, the original rulings in the last challenge sure worked out well   don't bet your paycheck on "two rulings " 
by leftist courts.
