He doesn't want any more brown skinned leaders! Face facts people, @realDonaldTrump'S immigration stance stems from racism pure and simple.
Ha! Me? I'm a British immigrant.
Ugh. Mute.
STOP HIM FROM MESSING WITH DACA!!
Awww a "christian" chimes in.
He's an absolute bastard. No other words for it.
If you think I am but not trump you have your character judgement settings all wrong. Btw 'you're' is how it's spelt.
Nah. Just smash every android device you can find like a white supremacist would.
You think that's anger? 
He knows Sen.! Has he done anything to benefit US Citizens?
Has she? She's done nothing for me!
If that's true, then why has Sen. Feinstein been our Senator since '92? Why don't you try to take her seat? Dianne is doing an amazing job!

Why lay this on @POTUS It was unconstitional and Congress did not fix it.  Obama knew it was illegal yet you did nothing then
Toxic Donald will no more become presidential than dog shit will be magically transformed into a gourmet dinner.
Where are the male members of Congress?
We've run out of patience. It's time to step up.
Toxic Donald will no more become presidential than dog shit will be magically transformed into a gourmet dinner.
So you're saying illegal immigrants are to be our new leaders?
You think he understands anything but $$$?
I respect you but you are wrong 
People who break the law No matter the reason are by definition criminals . we want criminals as leaders ?
He's not our president.
Senator, could we please focus on AMERICANS? Geeez. How many more times can you run? Enough party crap. HELP AMERICANS.
I totally support DACA. Also I applaud your recent statements about POTUS. Your pragmatism is what is needed in DC A San Francisco native
Toxic Donald will no more become presidential than dog shit will be magically transformed into a gourmet dinner.
.@potus & his attack on immigrants & dreamers is a window into his truly vile nature. U Hope that he can become a good prez!? WTF? #impeach
Toxic Donald will no more become presidential than dog shit will be magically transformed into a gourmet dinner.
Our great President Trump is getting rid of it illegal executive order signed by a supreme Obama. It is a great day in America. Do your job!
Trump is thinking - no problem for next generation of leaders. Ivanka & then her children will be just fine.
No, DACA HURTS AMERICANS! #DUMPDACA #DUMPDACA #DUMPDACA #DUMPDACA #DUMPDACA #DUMPDACA #DUMPDACA #DUMPDACA #DUMPDACA #DUMPDACA #DUMPDACA
He understands nothing. He's a terrorist and he must be stopped. Do whatever you can now. #yourconstituent
And yet you don't support Trump's impeachment! Patience you suggest? Well California just lost patience with you! Vote anyone but Feinstein
You parasites are so full of hate you're turning on your own...lol
ya know it never ends with this bigot, never ends, when will this individual be impeached? when when when
Just know, Trump doesn't care who he hurts. He is a mean hateful man.
So does aborting minority babies, but you seem pretty cool with that.
oh pluuuueeeze... wha wha and here I came on here to tell you I am proud I voted for you YEARS ago when you first ran for office becasue
Thank you so much, Senator
Obscene cocky indifference is not "heart" #DACA #DACAtrump
No more cocky indifference to Dreamers! 
It's obscene (@PresSec) to assure them of @POTUS "heart"
while dawdling w/their status. 
NOBODY HURTING ANYBODY!
ALL A LIE
FAMILY MOVE & STAY TOGETHER!
You Dems should cooperate on the border wall and deporting criminal illegal aliens and then he would not end DACA
Hello, anyone home?  The #POTUS is not normal, stop treating him like he is.
You want to save #DACA #ImpeachTrumpNow
Toxic Donald will no more become presidential than dog shit will be magically transformed into a gourmet dinner.
Why did you say you would work with him the other day in San Francisco?
Senator, we must get comprehensive immigration reform into law through Congress. Executive orders are no way to run a country.
Senator , with all due respect .. he doesn't understand shit! End this nonsense and #ImpeachTrumpNow
Toxic Donald will no more become presidential than dog shit will be magically transformed into a gourmet dinner.
He doesn't, Lady...and, stop asking Americans to be patient with Trump, please.
He does not care you need to move on in getting him impeached. He is laughing at america everyday he is P.
if you think trump is going to be here for 4 years, it's time for you to resign
I see a bot
How again will that hurt American leaders?? If they will be such good leaders why can't they do it inexico? Mexico needs some drastic help
I didn't say degenerate but the rest of your statrment is pretty much what o said
Are you really trying to reason with him? Our R.I.C (racist in chief) only goal is to destroy everything Pres. Obama did for this country
NO AMNESTY! NO WELFARE FOR ILLEGALS! COMING HERE ILLEGALLY MAKES YOU ILLEGAL!
He doesn't understand he'll never understand he doesn't want to understand. He's a bigot and that's all there is about him

It's called coming LEGALLY dear… Wake up
Why would you be suggesting to the public that he's going to change? I read Sacramento Bee. What in the world, Ms Feinstein? Come on!!!
If he said that, it's before we all knew with 100% certainty that Donald J. Trump is a #russianagent. So trying to push Trump now is just 
We'll on his agenda is not important to him the most important thing in his agenda is how to keep making money with Russia 
Bahahahaha that's KILLARY
How about your San Francisco "sanctuary city ".... Feinstein ??
Look at all of your support below @SenFeinstein you must be so proud of the ignorance & hate of your party. Sad
I thought I saw something good about you..well you did one honest thing and that is one more than most dems so I give you credit...
Our next generation of leaders are all children of immigrants?
Why do you say that? PS: I don't want to read your attached http://CNN.com  article
"Trump can be a good president" ???  The man is a perverse, amoral lunatic!  Just what the hell is the matter with YOU?
You seem to be waving and nodding in the general direction of the MS-13 roll, since 2008, which produced no civil servants or another Obama.
He does understand. He doesn't want "those" ppl. Get him out!!
Honestly, it is hard for me to believe any criticism of Trump coming from you after you said we just need to be patient with him.
No it helps the next generation of Americans. After we get the liberal college professors out of our colleges.  Your a traitor.
You're an idiot !!! Ending DACA puts accountability on South America their citizens quality of life! US Taxpayer is NOT their caretaker!!!
Our next generation of leaders? Who ANTIFA?  That's what our next generation looks like. Why did it take Nancy so long to denounce them? SMH
Will you condemn& disavow violence of Antifa &require police &universities to protect victims& uphold free speech. Or o you support Antifa?
Why should ordinary citizens follow the law when their government so often picks and chooses&doesn't follow laws it doesn't want to follow?
Too many Dems seem fine with ILLEGAL immigrants violating immigration law, with Antifa violating laws against property destruction& assault.
All immigrants should follow the law. Don't like laws Congress put in place before? Pass new ones.  If won't/can't, follow the freaking law!
When gov won't follow own immigration laws having decided it doesn't like them, why should anyone follow any laws they don't like?
America hasn't had a trade surplus since you were 42 years old. #Trillions of $s have #left America including these
Bit that's just it. @GOP doesn't want the #DACA kids to grow up into leaders.
That is YOUR opinion! Keep those that are already here. NO MORE ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION! AGAINST OUR LAWS!
He does not care about the present not the future. Only what effect him NOW
...He only cares about the present
Why can't you stop the partisan bs for the sake of our country? You know this is unconstitutional & morally wrong. Dems are enemies...
I went 2 sleep 11/8/16 & woke next day 2 scary world! Dems have control RUS? U R PART OF DECEPTION! I'M SCARED! HIST B ING ERASED WHAT NXT?
Yeah we want children raised by criminals to be a leaders
Sorry to unfollow you @SenFeinstein but there's no...No....NO fucking hope for @realDonaldTrump N.O.N.E.
Don't back off your positive statements towards President Trump! You're right!
He will NEVER understand this is we don't keep absolute pressure on him. Insinuating he could be a "good president" doesn't help.
Thought I'd be cheering you into another term but honestly the comment about trump being a "good president" calls that into serious question
Sen Feinstein, maybe you should understand that conciliation w/ this President is not possible.
He doesn't understand much of anything 
And any chance of most young people voting  Republican.
This vile man has possibly corrupted Sen Chuck Grassley over CORN-ALL OVER his son TESTIFYING before judiciary committee-he must be stopped
So do you think we should just throw out the 14th amendment . An any other part of the Constitution that doesn't aline with  views.
He doesn't understand dippity-doo-dah. Stop. And what is this craziness you said today? Is that for real? I hope it was a hoax. HE MUST GO!
@SenFeinstein, that's his goal, don't you get it?
do you understand that even mexican americans dont want these people? why not send you and your family instead?
Very disappointed in you for approving the Trump presidency, I will not vote for you again.
Thank you for being a good American,  and standing behind who we voted for. You're brave amongst the critics. Thank you!
When do legal citizens matter? They are our next generation of "leaders".
I think that's his point.
That might be stretching it a bit. But I believe that we should review the issue on an individual bases
No it won't
So our next generation of leaders are all the children of illegal immigrants?
I guess our children are just shit.
Senator with all due respect, he is not capable of understanding, nor does he want to. Malignant Narcissists only get worse, please research
This guy doesn't have any idea about the ramifications of any of his actions. He's clueless. #WorstPresidentEver
@SenFeinstein Please! NO on TrumpTowerSercer guru Brian A. Benczkowski, has disclosed to Congress that he previously represented Alfa Bank!
You are out of your old addled mind if you think @realDonaldTrump has ANY hopes of being a "good President"! He's always been a huckster!!
Donald believes "our next generation of leaders" will be his descendants, so, no, as in most things, he understands nothing.
You are as much of a pathological liar as Killary. We know DACA was sued by gop & won BEFORE Trump came along but you're tweet blaming DT? 
So we are going to have illegal immigrants as our next generation of leaders?  Interesting.
@SenFeinstein is a fraud
Are you referring to the next generation of illegals?
Trump only understands what is good for him. Play to his ego by saying his son maybe one of those future leaders so #DACA might benefit him.
You were just saying today that he could change and couldbe a great president. 24 hrs later can u still say that w/a straight face?
Sen Feinstein are seriously expecting a Trump pivot?  I'm man really explain this or be prepared to be replaced.
We need fighters not enablers!
Sen. Feinstein, your aide said you'd release a statement this afternoon to clarify your comment advising "patience" with Trump. Statement?
@POTUS what is the difference in illegal immigrants and undocumented?? ZERO... that was Obama thing ... bye bye come legal.
No it wouldn't. Illegals will never be leaders in America. #nodaca Deport all Illegals
Trump is a heartless man. Void of caring for anyone but Trump. A spoiler of dreams and destroyer of futures, as he tears families apart.
When?
With all due respect, there r plenty of people already here that can step up into leadership roles but thanks again4ignoring us.#OutOfTouch
#YoureARealAdultWhen you don't cater to "one segment of a political base; or campaign constantly"
#TrumpTrain #MAGA http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/08/30/sen-feinstein-dials-back-statement-that-trump-could-be-good-president-after-backlash.html …
like he gives a rat's patootie.
Trump is bribing senator Grassley! Don't let them get away with it!
And far more than that! Also what about just plain hurting human beings?
#Congress must work together if they truly care about #DACA & 
 #DefendDACA by passing an actual bill. #Facts
You need to go. We are bot going to re-elect you. Your hands must be as dirty as your boss trumps.
Please start to be the voice of reason,we need to bring this country together.@realDonaldTrump can be a great President if you work with him
Liberals are not Leaders they are obstructionist!!!!
No. He must go. Did you really say he could learn to be a good President. Get Him Out. What the hell are you waiting for?
We are NOT patient Sen. Feinstein! #ImpeachTrump! #DACA
Hell no we aren't and I'm losing patience with the flip flop senators. Is the whole damn lot crooked. Did you and Grassley cut deals?
You don't give a crap about Mexicans except how they clean your garden.
Ending #DACA would stop the hemorrhaging of my tax dollars going to pay for the benefits, education and services provided illegal immigrants
Don't expect him to change: He's 71 years old and a deeply flawed, dysfunctional person. You are a smart women, you know this to be fact!
Idoit
Wait for it. . . . This is Trump's M.O. Vaguely promise, than back peddle until, yep, he does what's best for him keeping his base happy.
Ms. Feinstein, "stuck with him until the end of his term" Are you kidding? Rinse your mouth out with soap. Our Democracy can't withstand it.
If Democrats are not part of the solution, they are also the problem!  Spineless. Cowardly.
@TulsiGabbard @SenTomCotton @SenSanders @Tim_Canova @realDonaldTrump understands #AmericanDreamers (replaced workers) be considered first.
Madam ur openness to working with prez to help Americans shows true leadership. Wish others in Congress would think of us also!
Because u think he cares?Future generations don't exist for him,only how he can hurt people now.BTW, the guy is a racist & very proud of it.
Deport DACA people.
Why R U not focused on Americans rather than citizens of foreign nations who came here ILLEGALLY? CA is almost $600 BILLION in debt.
End DACA. Illegal is illegal.  We are a Nation of laws that you swore to uphold not pick and choose which laws you like or dislike. Retire.
so people here illegally are the only ones able to lead. Sounds like a put down on people who are here legal
Overturning DACA does nothing to seal the border, protect us from violence, or create jobs. It's only one more feather in his hat as revenge
he doesn't
Still trying to process your comments earlier today and this from someone who initially willing to give him a chance.What were you thinking?
I mean seriously I just don't get it. Have you seen the poll numbers on distrust of media and thus 1A? That comes from trump's rhetoric
Our next generation of leaders will be coming from ALL WALKS OF LIFE. NOT ONLY MEXICAN ILLEGALS. it's that thinking that has killed USA
No daca no amnesty.
Don't you think Dianne is such a coward?
So that's how you get into politics by breaking the law to start with Then you can become one of the leaders like you
Want our next generation of leaders are the ones breaking the law to start with by being undocumented (illegal).
Or...... or........ it would send a message that breaking laws is bad
U ring that hurting future leaders bell way to often. It's an unfair program that rewards law breaking, PERIOD!!
Hi Diane! Aren't u from Lil' Mexico (AKA California) ? I'm from the U.S. Should meet up. Love to tell u about our country's immigration laws
The President understands 62 million voters who said END IT.
I think you mean Democrat voters.
What about our next generation of legal citizens?! Do you not care more about them?
We can't trust any investigation of Trump going through Feinstein. She and her Republican co chair are going through the motions.
I'm confused ? You said he could be a good president. @SenBobCasey @SenWarren @SenateDems  Please don't normalize the inhumane.
I can't believe what u wrote. can a immigrant be a potus??? leaders?
Hi
He's counting on it.
The president doesn't care.
@SenFeinstein you don't seriously think he cares do you? You need to push your colleagues on impeachment. Time for everyone to stop tweeting
You need to get behind impeaching this guy!!!! Or guess how quickly you will be voted out of the most liberal state in the union?!!
He needs to end new entries ,otherwise it illegal immigration .look at Texas we can't afford it
Can you please do something about that obstructionist Chuck grassley? He is covering up for trump and his corrupt family. 
Thanks
Does this man realize that people are laughing at him behind his back? Does he not comprehend this?
He doesn't care. It's obvious.
Hope u had a good reason 4 ur remarks about Trump last night. They r almost unforgivable. Shouldn't Mueller be the arbiter of impeachment?
I really doubt that unless you think illegals are the next generation???
Do some things about it instead of tweeting about it. Impeachment now.
On what grounds
You prove the adage "there is no fool like an old fool".
DACA was UNLAWFUL and needs to be ended. We are nation of laws what part of that don't you understand? Focus on voter fraud in Calif.
Why don't you speak up for LEGAL CITIZENS for a change?
FORGET ABOUT THE TRUMPETS FOR NOW .TRY GET YOUR FIENDS TO FIND FOSTER CARE FOR THE ANIMALS ON DEATH ROW???????????????????????
Wow senator. Stop and think about your statement. You are promoting that ILLEGAL ALIENS are the future leaders of the USA. Shame on you 
He may understand this but he really doesn't care about others, Senator Feinstein. You're wasting your time tweeting about it...
Never a waste of time when you stand up to anyone so void of caring. He rips families apart and calls it Making America Great Again. Vicious
You're really just worried about your next generation of voters. Let's just make #Calexit happen already
He's REVERSING anything &everything Obama did it regardless of consequences. The only factor is Trumps gut feeling & that is: hate Obama.
"I just hope he has the ability to learn and change, and if he can, he can be a good president." He can't. Impeach him or get out of the way
He doesn't care and he's not going to change.
He would if he could. But as an old person he's lucky he can walk and talk at the same time.
You really mean, your next generation of illegal voters!
George has only 2 followers! BUH BYE BOT!
since when does @realDonaldTrump understand anything? #bigot #simplemind #onlyinterestedinhimself #thatsnotapresident
Senator, I'm not sure @POTUS understands anything but self promotion.
It is difficult to distinguish between the bleeding heart liberals in Washington, but you just may be the biggest hypocrite of them all.
Not fixing our other state caused problems is hurting our next generation... Yet you're silent on public pension reform, entitlement reform.
About your stance that daca is our sole source of bright future leaders. Americans too stupid for you? They elect you. Ah you might be right
You mean it will hurt your next generation of voters. Now I'm not against DACA - not at all but stop being a phony.

Sadly he doesn't care
Dianne, It is about time you spoke up !
Your speech last night about Trump was not ok
It most certainly was.
Don't ask for patience. Fight Trump!
Jealous?
The WALL IS A distraction for much worse things that are happening.
Also, why haven't you and @ChuckGrassley released the transcript of Fusion GPS? When will this happen? #SteeleDossier #CNN #MSNBC
They are both covering for Trump. They won't release the transcript.
I believe Senator Feinstein is one of the good guys. Believe me, I want her to do more if she could. Chuck is the one covering for Trump.
Idk she made some pretty strange comments the other day.
