Americans have died to secure the right to vote. We can't allow lies about widespread voter fraud to fuel voter suppression.
It's absurd that you ignore the very REAL issue & long history of voter fraud in the USA I have myself WITNESSED many cases in YOUR district
Trump distraction! He needs to committed to an asylum for the CRIMINALLY insane!
And statistically, voter fraud is nonexistent yet voter suppression is rampant!
Its the states that found voter fraud that have come forward for an investigation
Statistically, that's about 30 cases investigated in the last 20 years.  But yes, let's commission a very expensive investigation.
It's time 4 ppl to stop forgetting disabled ppl.

Voters With Disabilities Fight For More Accessible Polling Places
Senator, we should be on that list.

Rutgers study: Disabled are 'neglected' voting bloc http://on.app.com/2bvGdqj  via @AsburyParkPress
I, myself, experienced no access to my polling place. There are millions of us denied access. We will no longer be silent on this.
Senator, I have voted for you every election since I was 18. I have long admired you as a strong female voice, but I am asking for inclusion
*Squirrel
They're only going 2 suppress vote more!Sinclair just bought up a bunch of new stations will control 70% of the local news.they're rightwing
Exactly. The real problem is voter suppression by GOP local governments.
Absolutely...it's an excus for them to mess with our votes
Actually you have it backward - states feel the need to have voter ID because fraud is becoming more likely . . .
@SenatorLeahy please remind people only GOP-controlled states are doing this. Thanks!
Yes, because the Dem states depend on voter fraud so they arent going to complain.
I would hope that all states will make it hard to vote. We need voter id's.
Make voting hard? Minimize participation?  Fair not hard. Stop bipartisan gerrymandering, voting day a holiday or weekend. Ample precincts
I agree with you.
Sorry. Guess I misunderstood
The demographics do not favor the GOP over the long run and they know it. The only way to win is to cheat - they'll use any method.
It isn't difficult at all to obtain I.D.  It's required to purchase alcohol, cigarettes, board flights, apply for gov't assistance, etc.....
It's more absurd to investigate nonexistent voter fraud and shrug off actual Russian interference in our election #gaslighting
A sure sign that Trump knows without voter suppression the GOP is toast
What has the Dem party has done to fight voter suppression? We know this for year and years and lost election because of that.
Oddly, its the states claiming they found voter fraud...illegals voting. Why dont the Dems want FAIR elections? I trust the states!
Stop wasting taxpayer $$$ with bogus investigation @WhiteHouse
You know there is a lot of voter fraud and it adds up.  Especially in your state.
He has to be stopped.  This all about him wasting taxpayer dollars.
Too close to your illegal voters, D??
I Believe this is a precursor to an actual voter fraud campaign in the next elections, by design, to give this notion credit.
Sessions trying to punish drug offenders with higher degree of severity. Shameful! This Admin. hates it's poor & suffering.Sad
You are feeble and ineffective. There is one thing every Democrat should be fighting. Get that man out of office, do your job.
Now your sounding like a Dem. Burn flag, riot free speech. Save deathrow inmates kill babies. Sick dems.
You can use this to make public exactly HOW the Russian hack occurred. That way we can prevent it from happening again!!
States are only making it harder for illegal aliens to vote.  Stop fudging the facts, as usual.
Don't waste our taxpayer $$. Ridiculous. This potus costing us too much.
Thank you @SenFeinstein for speaking out against this absurd waste of $$ and blatant attempt to suppress voter rights.
Flip the script - ensure that the issue is about access. Drive the process to open it up.  #Flip2018
Yes they make it hard to vote by requiring a picture ID.  What a load of........
Correction, making it harder to commit voter fraud. Dems don't give a damn because most fraud is  committed by Democratic voters
Thank you Senator. This is one of the scarier things coming out of a scary White House. What can anyone do to safeguard our voting rights?
All DumDum wanted in return was forgiveness on his mafia loans.
While you all are on vacation and Comey has been fired, The Russians have been sealing a $500 billion oil deal in the WH. Selling out
That is a smokescreen to rigg the poles next voting season.  Abuse of Power
Texas guilty 4 times of gerrymandering districts to keep GOP in power.... look at CA, took districting powers away from the politicians
Please Senator say name http://GregPalast.com  @Greg_Palast he is reporting on biggest story no1 else speaks of @KamalaHarris #Crosscheck
If it's absurd, then won't this put the issue to bed?  Certainly more evidence of voter fraud then say Trump Russian collusion.
It's not very difficult to show a legit Gov. Issued ID while voting. You just want Illegal aliens to vote to keep you in power 
Too much koolaid, bud. No one wants fraud. But not going on so stop spending our taxpayer $ on ridiculous crap like this just 4 Ts ego
but it's ok to investigate false claims that President Trump was influenced by Russia?
And you know they're false, how?  Blind trust in lying trump who is picking your pickets every day. Let FBI complete invest.
Tell us about the LA illegal immigrant today who was deported 15 times in 15 years  hurt a 6 year old boy due to a DUI ! Thoughts, Dianne ?
If I were you I would be afraid that these types of illegal actions are happening in your state. But you will feel no shame
Chris Kobach is the dead knell for increased voter participation!
@Greg_Palast
And Voting issues more waste of taxpayer money for what is another DISTRACTION! Need to STAY FOCUSED on #RUSSIA/TRUMPGATE!
Everything about this admin is absurd They actually seem to go out of their way to make everything a comical contradiction
And we trust you will not let our tax dollar be wasted. Please redirect focus to VOTER SUPPRESSION. This is very real and unconstitutional.
false claims????? That's why they're investigating.... States making it harder????? No photo ID's  makes it easier
: Now that's a waste of tax payer $$$$
Thank you for calling this out, Senator Feinstein. It's absurd and obscene. #Voterfraud = #votersuppression #Unhackthevote #RestoretheVRA
Senator:put a stop you and Gop  on 45. STOP SENDING Taxpayers money. Russia inv.is priority.Why do youallow 45 to do this?We the ppl.r tired
Thank you! Please don't let up on this important issue!!
And wouldn't the affected states reach out to the Feds for assistance if they were truly convinced there was an issue. Transparently false.
I need an ID to buy booze, cigs, guns, ammo, hunt, and board a plane, but not to vote, but yeah that makes sense. How could there B fraud?
What hasn't been absurd since Trump took office?
There was fraud by Russian's hacking the system.
I don't feel they are false claims. #ActBlue messed up my Bernie donation completely. When I realized my $$ wasn't going to Bernie I cxl'd
What does that have to do with voting?
#fakenews #propaganda
During the primary here in California specifically Concord California I personally witnessed voter fraud and yes I reported it  network news
Why is it absurd? Just like the Russia claims?
Thank you Senator Feinstein! Fight these racist policies.
Not absurd and not false claims.
VOTER SUPPRESSION- my #1 worry
SCOTUS said Congress need to fix VRA, can we sue them 4not doing anything thus defying SCOTUS ruling? #VotingRights #votersuppression
If @realDonaldTrump cared about ensuring Voting Rights especially among, The Blacks he would help restore voting rights to FLA ex-felons
another deflection (not to mention waste of taxpayers' money) by President Frump. Real issues=#TrumpRussiaInvestigation ..
hey he's got to deflect, and his A$$ is still chapped because he didn't win the popular vote so it MUST have been fraud
I show an ID to vote every time & appreciate it. You need an ID to get on a plane but not to vote. Absurd.
Not to mention that he should be asking about Russian hacking not voter fraud. He IS the president!
This is gonna be a huge waste of resources
They should be investigating voter suppression.
impeach trump

@Greg_Palast
Thank you.
