so sad you find joy in others pain
you're fooling yourself thinking Ds are done, reason Ds lost was turnout, #s are on our side for 2020
2018: 25 Senate Dems at risk vs 8 GOP.
Good luck!
we don't need luck, you gave us Trump, he'll be all that's needed to motivate people
you seem to have a complex, I haven't seen one tweet on this thread calling anyone that
@SenFeinstein try to uncover as much as possible. This man must not be confirmed.
get ready to cry.  He is going to be confirmed.  Finally law and order
wow. So you're FOR violence against women. Just. Wow
no I am not. I'm just against lies and your silly left wing agenda
Domestic violence shouldn't be just a liberal issue ffs
ffs ? Is that a legal term ?
means for fucks sake
what was the law??  I'm sure it was more than just this.  It's never this simple.
it was this simple. Please wake up.
OK.  What was the law?
the VaWA has been around for a long time. Sessions didn't like LGBT and undocumented protections. Immoral man.
ask why would somebody vote against something like this.  Reasonable answer...bad bill.
because they don't think LGBT, Natives and undocumented should have protections. Because they are bad people. This is simple.
Just show me where he said that and I'll be on my way.
it's the only reason. You know you are undone here, but cannot admit it. Which is why you're fixated on me.
@impeachtrump16 I thought you bitches wanted"equality"
In everything? Or is it just the things that. benefit you?
@Alyssa_Milano maybe if the democrats would quit adding PORK to the bill he would have voted in favor
like no. Republican ever added PORK to A bill... yea right I have a cheap bridge to nowhere 4sale
can you speak without making shot up? We were talking about this bill. Liberal deflection...stupid
@puppymnkey we need to ask why he voted against these laws. That really will tell us something hopefully.
#stopsessions & stop the #Urinauguration !
@SenFeinstein Perhaps the federalizing of state-level crimes is abhorrent to liberty-minded folks.
What was his reason? Was something harmful attached to the bill? That is something that has killed more good bills.
The original bill was expanded by Dems. One new piece was allowing Native American Tribal courts to try non Native Americans.
And what were the others? I have found in my many years following politics, that it's always the attachment.
Bans on certain guns, mandatory arrest policies and what many felt was government overreach.  https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2013/02/why-would-anyone-oppose-the-violence-against-women-act/273103/ …
@Alyssa_Milano I don't like mr sessions, but u can't use bills voted on to judge anybody because way they attach riders
@edeywbr No to Sessions! Call your Reps, Now!
@KellyMcCreary And @HillaryClinton got a rapist of a 13 acquitted and has laughed about it!
you are clear example why rump won. 
anybody noticed that Trump's fans have adopted tweeting like him? It's a cult. An overrated cult. Sad. 

*bahdahting*
you mean both liberals and conservatives tweet?? Say it ain't so!
that went right over your head. Bless your heart.
no it didn't. You're saying we tweet bc we're a cult. I'm saying everyone tweets. Enjoy ur new president. 
she's saying you tweet in the style that Trump types, you inbred moron. Apparently you comprehend concepts like him as well.
Haha dems are so pathetic when they're not in power.
and you're pathetic either way.
ohhh that was a good one. Hahaha now go sit in the corner, where you and the rest of you dems belong.
That is so wrong what is wrong Ng with these people
@WillSeattle he is unfit
Rape is still reported every 5 min. Victims are still attacked and receive retaliation afterward.
@EmersonWayland brutal.
I presume all the women who voted for Trump will be untroubled by this?
@SenFeinstein I know you are going to vote against him. I hope others do as well
@MatriarchAthena but we have this
sessiona is a slaver;dont do prison labor;military service-grow #hemp #hemplife #hempseed #PrisonStike most important thing
@wrap02  Did Schumer cut a deal freeing up sessions to deny someone else?
I survived a battering and had to escape a man who had become mentally ill. This is nauseating. Sessions doesn't care about citizens.
@senjudiciary NO TO SESSIONS!!!!

@InkedGirl71 God help us all!! Not good...
call your Senators
I intend to. We have Cardin and VanHollen in and and both are Democrats. I hope they will take this seriously and remain vocal
The more they hear from their constituents the better it is.  Those who choose to do nothing should not complain later.
please do not confirm Jeff Sessions.
@natxwalton awful
he is a menace to our society.
He is not fit to be Attorney General. He does not care about the rights of anyone not White, Christian and Male!
How is saying yes to an act to protect women against domestic and sexual violence anything but a no-brainer?
@Alyssa_Milano Once should have been enough.
@Alyssa_Milano you read the title of an act and have no idea what's in it
@Alyssa_Milano wow you haven't read about that act and its negative consequences on women have you... Any of you?
@MimiLeroch I did hear him mention he's for getting victims rides to court.Thanks for the über, fucker. Keep it.
this is horrible y will he be allowed 2 reverse all the good 4 human rights we have gotten 2.
creating protected classes is stupid, we're all equal, if we're creating violence laws, all should have it's protections
@ShaunKing but it's so annoying for men! Think of the men
@wondaland I have friends whose lives have been saved by the VAWA. Stand strong Dems! We're counting on you!
@peterdaou the law is sexist to begin with It should include men who 40% of the time r victims at the hands of abusive women.
He voted in favor of it several times as well, when the bill didn't contain other items he et al disagreed with. @JudiciaryDems
what he disagreed with makes him unacceptable. Not hard to understand.
For you, it is. @JimmyA_Shook1s @JudiciaryDems
We already have laws in place.
@Alyssa_Milano Don't be ignorant.Violence against anyone should be treated equally.  Crime against 1 is a crime against all.
WHAT R the @JudiciaryDems doing 2 protect the American #People from #CORRUPTION? Demand protect 4 US Citizens!
Sessions must be denied!
@Shakestweetz wow, nice guy!
@Alyssa_Milano DOJ and CDC "Domestic violence is perpetrated against men 54% "as a victim the title of the bill is incorrect
@Alyssa_Milano zzzzzz
they're democrats. It's kind of their thing.
.@JudiciaryDems @FreemanReads The new anti-woman regime digs in again
@Alyssa_Milano @JudiciaryDems do you really think nowaday the  women are deprived of solutionto the conjugual violence.
police gave gun back to FLL killer AFTER he strangled grlfrnd and was arrested for domestic violence
his face a cross between "deer in headlights" & "hand in cookie jar"
because women don't even face the most violence in this country. even domestic violence is almost a 50/50 split.
Which was struck down by SCOUTS

more to a law than the name.Bad law Sessions was right. Your implying sessions is against stopping violence . Dirty Democrat.
explain his quote than stating that he doesn't believe women and LBGT are discriminated against?
Require him to explain these votes.
#stopsessions
@CourtPencil I believe it was a provision in the act, and not the entire act itself.  I could be wrong, tho.
@AaronDFordNV Of course he did. He is demonstrating by his actions and responses that he considers himself ABOVE the LAW!!
Did Sessions oppose the WHOLE act or just the  battered illegal immigrants temporary visa provision?
He voted to re-word Violence Against Women Act.  Dishonesty is the base of all of your rhetoric now-a-days.
source?
To be fair, that's the act that all the BLM people hate bc it locked up blacks/latinos at alarming rates
@SenFeinstein Democrats voted for 2 dispicable AG's , your party is devisive, arrogant & corrupt!
Nasty politicians!
He has not shown growth in his views on voting rights and reproductive rights. He says that he will follow the laws.
He voted 4 it in 2000 and 2005 . But you inserted Poison pills . The Republicans introduced a new bill no poison pillU say no
and Obama opposed gay marriage in 2008, guess him and his voters are homophobes!
I guess hall have that in common!  Lol
He has a 19th century view of women.
@SenFeinstein Like you somehow vote against things that you feel are wrong in life but that is the way it is in the senate.
things do matter but the point is he has a point of view that many republicans agree with.
many Repubs agree that discrimination against women and LBGT isn't real? Doesn't surprise
So explain his answer
@SenFeinstein SMH! #Dontconfirmhim
usually people little pose that or the ones that like to have the upper hand. All pun intended
