Honey! You are the Draconian!
Only one person in this is holding the welfare of 800,000 US residents hostage to promote their personal bigotry.  That's Trump.
Do not attempt to defend Trump's threatening 800,000 US residents who have done nothing wrong.

And tell Congress to pass the #DreamACAT.
800,000! Illegals!
800,000 people who have lived in the USA since they were on average 6 years ago, and who have not harmed anyone.
We can stop criminalizing things that don't harm anyone - such as undocumented immigration.

No human is illegal.
And 5 out of 6 US citizens want the Dreamers to be granted permanent residency or citizenship: http://www.politico.com/story/2017/09/05/poll-trump-deporting-daca-dreamers-242343 … .
Public opinion overwhelmingly rejects anti-immigrant bigotry.
U R Right  They should be picked & dropped off in mexico Let Mexico have all this bright talent & leadership you say they have
Do not attempt to defend persecuting 800,000 US residents who have done nothing wrong.
And 5 out of 6 US citizens want the Dreamers to be granted US citizenship or permanent residency: http://www.politico.com/story/2017/09/05/poll-trump-deporting-daca-dreamers-242343 ….
Public opinion overwhelmingly opposes anti-immigrant bigotry.
Would be nice if congress did something for Americans instead of the illegals. What part of illegal don't you understand?
That's your guys job to make laws. Not the presidents.Its call do your job! I want a refund.
What do you not get about the word ILLEGAL - it means against the law! All ILLEGAL immigrants should return to the country of their origin!
i show my kids @SenFeinstein  and Sen @KamalaHarris everyday this is what you never should become, love, uphold and protect USA always!!
my kids schools r overcrowded , teachers cut.CA taxes raised for what,,benefits to all legal & illegal immigrants, they drive mercedes cars
You know if you would shut up all would be better
tRump is holding DACA recipients as hostages. This is NOT okay!
Right! He should set them free over the border.
@CathyLFuller is a perfect example of a tRump supporter.
We already know that about you. Being proud of being a Fascist BIGOT isn’t anything to be proud of. Unless you’re a Nazi.
You don't know what the word fascist means; it's not an ideology but a technique of rioting, killing, destroying to take over, like ANTIFA
Oh Cathy, based on your tweet, *you* don’t know anything. Not surprised though. You being a fully vetted avid tRump Nazi.
Congress decides on I@migration reform
It is the Dems making them a football. You want it all or you will chance them being sent away. You cannot have it all with no compromise.
is this our dream or is it a crime to ask for CA senator to lessen our tax burdens and stop supporting these illegals and enforce imm laws
If they didn’t vote Democrat, you’d be down there laying the bricks for a wall yourself.
I almost threw up today when I saw you are running yet again in 2018?  You'll be like 92 when your term is over.  Let some new blood do it!!
It is ironic when the programs you support & push through Congress comes to bite you.
Don't be two faced.  Your party made them a political football.  They are illegal aliens plain and simple.
We since obama circumvented the constitution and the Dems didn't do anything about it   Your the one who made them a political football
illegals COST the US $116 BILLION per year, that is NOT a benefit to the US that is a HUGE an unacceptable EXPENSE! stop illegal immigration
You forgot that it’s Congress that makes the laws and the President enforces them. I guess you’re still living under Obama rule Do your job

I hope you're getting help from other congress people. DACA are Americans. The Repug comments on this thread are disgusting & lack intellect
Sen Feinstein someone will need to define "draconian" 2 45. That's a tremendous bigly word. Shame on 45 using Dreamers 2 meet racist goal.
Lol dnarkycongress decides on immigration reform
Thank you, Nancy Pelosi, for all your excellent work.
will persist till immigration enforcement becomes a daily law,border super fence or wall is built and illegal abuse of our system is stopped
No daca. Build that wall. Stop funding illegal immigrants
the immigration demands from the adm. are NOT Draconian, but practical. The border must be secured or there will be a new immigration wave
Trump is demented. Mentally insane. Do something about it
DACA wouldn't be a political football if Dems would agree to build the Wall, strengthen border security, and tighten immigration laws.
The democrats put others ahead of their pun countrymen. Disgusting
Why didn't your party handle this legally?  No presidential order?  You didn't care for decades. Why now?
We all know your party is desperate to give these people the vote, and allow them to bring millions of extended family here. All future dems
Hmm didn't @BarackObama wait till after '14 midterm to violate Congress/Const & use his pen & phone to create & make it worse?
your the worst. am praying for you DACA about ruined my life and you want to support DACA, TRY SUPPORTING AMERICANS
We appreciate your service but it's time to open the field to new blood and new ideas.
Feinstein go like the dinosaurs  and fade away fossil.
Thank you for continuing to speak truth to power!
Dacia recipients shouldn't expect taxpayers to pay their way.  Only legal citizens should be eligible for assistance from Americans
Stop trying to score with them. And thank you for calling them DACA recipients.
LOL UR the draconian! Running again?? Lady it's time for you to RETIRE! We don't want you in Congress any more!  RETIRE!
When YOU allowed them in YES the WALL should be built. Why are you against saving billions a year stopping illegals into our country? Votes
Mazel on the next run. 
No, but our laws and borders have to have meaning.  This is a fair trade.
The problem is that you are to busy protecting illeagle aliens instead of trying to stop the flow of drugs and guns coming into this country
yeah you should have done something 20 yrs ago.illegals having kids is wrong and they need to go
Well, they are here illegally so a few demands are the least of their worries.
Why should they get a place in front of those who come here legally? Back of the line! disgraceful how they treated @NancyPelosi

If you are that concerned about them, then why no accept his deal?
Illegally entering another's home and refusing to leave makes criminals,  NOT dreamers. #liesbyfeinstein
But it was ok to make hurricane victims a political football?  Spare me your fake outrage.
Do something, statements are just that. Need action.
Correct, they should be gone!

1) This is a former Staff Sergeant and Calvary Scout. He is in Puerto Rico. He's telling you the truth. FEMA and POTUS are lying to us. 

#Breaking:#Illegals cost American taxpayers $135B a year:free medical care/education.#Trump #wall cost a 1 time $22B http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/record-135-billion-a-year-for-illegal-immigration-average-8075-each-25000-in-ny/article/2635757 …

INS has annual quota of how many legal #immigrant’s family from abroad are allowed to reunite/live in US.#DACA/Illegals making it impossible
Totally agreed.  Pass those footballs back to their home countries.
True for non-DACA recipient DREAMers as well.  Please don’t forget about them.
I wish you’d explain—what the hell do you mean?
You just threw away 50 years of progress and now you want comity? tell traitor slanders to give you comity.
IMPEACH THE BASTARD ALREADY
#EndDACA "Draconian" You want to change lives, #ChangeMexico! Nieto to do HIS job! US is not their caretaker!
17 million illegals in the US costing taxpayers $135 billion annually and you only think about amnesty?  What a betrayal of the people!
RETIRE
Then stop making them political footballs.  Agree to building a wall and other @POTUS requests and they stay.
retire . please ...
YOU made this issue political.
We The People want our govt to follow the laws our country has on the books, not create counter laws. #DACA
Lady... U Talk too much!!!!! You're on here more than Trump, Pence & team combined. Take a Long Break-
Tell those daca lazy shits to go out and apply for green cards! That what everyone else does that wants to be part of the United States!
Seems a no brainier to save the Dreamers only at the expense of stopping future illegal immigrants.
Please be smarter then that.
You can't be surprised Trump is weasling his way out. His is always weasling. #KingFlipFloop
You know what, we are sick of all of you fools!
-A recent report said that close to 70% of DACA's R getting some form of Welfare paid 4 by Amer. citizens!Why do we want 2 propagate this???
Hope you can save them!! Potus is a bit wishy washy on promises.
What do you say to this man who lost a child?
#DACA will end if there isn't a wall.  ICE knows their addresses they can't run away.
May the deportations begin. RIP #DACA
Well said Senator.  Keep up the good work fighting for them!! 
Isn’t extortion illegal, even for the  president???
BOT alert which is why it makes no sense.
They should be punted across the border. No daca, no amnesty.  Focus on Americans for once
Democrats are the ones using them.  Everyone else wants them deported!  You are a US Senator act like it and support actual  citizens.
This 84 year old lady shoulda steped down a long time ago. Totally out of step with reality.TERM LIMITS
DF you mus retire please god your 84 leave someone young with a better brain. Do you want to keep steeling from the American people.
Then do your fucking job and secure the border! The only reason these "deals" have to be made is because of your inaction.
DACA were bought to this country by their parents at a very young age.  It has nothing to do with illegally crossing the border.
Please, do not run for re-election
It is very simple, if you are not legally here you should not be here. DACA are illegal,  they should be gone
Their parents bought them here at a very young age, that's not their fault.  They're contributing members of society.
Why don’t you start worrying about legal citizens. By the way it’s time for you to retire. #TermLimits
You aren't willing to give any comp on national carry reciprocity, why should he give any on DACA. It's a 2 way street, and u won't give
Take it or leave it.  Let the Democrats show that they are for #DACA recipients and not future DEMOCRAT voters.
Lol it’s called COMPROMISE
Is it true it’s costing Americans at least 150 billion to support illegals? All I ask is it true and where are you taking that money from??
they shouldn't be here anyway. there is a reason an illegal is called an illegal.
I have asked over & over to please at least be honest and tell American tax payers what is our cost and what is the money coming out of!!
Well, you have zero leverage so you might want to get to the bargaining table pretty quick.
Uh....YOU STATE is on FIRE (LITERALLY)
Lower wages for Congress. Set term limits.
@Amgen likes to use the word "draconian" 
Trump Outlines Sweeping Immigration Reform in DACA Deal
These people have given more to our country than any Neo-nazi ever. Get rid of them and keep DACAs. I'm so worried about these innocents.
#DACA recipients have STOLEN from the U.S. ﹰ#DACA recipients HAVEN'T  GIVEN anything.
TAKE. TAKE. TAKE.
What's disgusting is that IRS and Congress looked the other way while illegals including #DACA committed identity theft to work illegally.
At least they work and pay taxes. I think more crimes are committed by born and raised natural citizens. Your argument is crap from swamp.
No. They don't pay FEDERAL Taxes. The only tax they pay is called a sales tax. You know, like when they go to a grocery store.
When your done with that. How about abolishing the Electoral College. The AMERICAN PEOPLE WOULD LIKE THEIR VOICE BACK, IN D.C.
The AMERICAN PEOPLE spoke loud & clear on 11-8-2016.  The Electoral College is here to stay.
what were the founding fathers demands of legitimacy ?
Passing #DACA is actually the  because the reason they're bright here illegally is not solved by it. Illegals will continue you just punted
Time to retire! State is a mess and so are you! Go out on your terms or on ours! Later not being the better choice!
The Dems have 100% created the political football by bringing in their victims 4 votes
Take a knee @SenFeinstein Then after you get back up deport them..
We the people ALREADY voted to #EndDACA & #DEPORT all illegals including dreamers. Let them DREAM in their own country. Let them self deport
How many THOU$AND$ hav U taken from Sexual Predator #HarveyWeinstein  U R such a #Hypocrite AND STOP USING MINORITIES to get votes
Every thing in Washington is political football and you have no one to blame but your self.
No fed. rec. 4all American Indian tribes after killing &steeling everything from our ancestors! But more illegals legal what's up with that
We are all political footballs of one sort or another @KellyAyotte @cafreeland @amyklobuchar @SenSchumer that's always the point @MrChuckD
It's up to you to decide if you're going to score or just sit back in a prevent park the bus zone when not even leading @ManUtd @FT @nytimes
I still say build a great door in the wall @EPN @Lagarde @najatvb @AAzoulay it's the better way to rally support against a stacked box of 9
Congress and 44 did turned them into pawns by not resolving the issue.
But when Dems ran the WH it was OK for them to do just what Trump is doing. Hypocrite.
Draconian to you because you are an Elitist. And like most of the swamp you look down on the people. Even your supporters.
Total political football with 2009 being #democrat #immigrationreform offseason
Good Evening @SenFeinstein
Booooo!
We need term limits.
#DeportThemAll illegals must leave and re enter hey idiot politician resign there's a new revolution coming #TermLimits no career politician
No they should not be a football, just kick them all back home to what ever country they came from. Send all illegals home
Well that started when Obummer violated the constitution and you and your party did nothing but colluded with him.  No #daca no #dreameract
What your doing is not helping!! Go home already!!!!!!! Time to retire!!!
Haha, draconian! You can't be serious right?! You're one of the most draconian senators in US history!!!
Thank you,  please get the work done   and pass the #DreamActNow
Let the Democrats show that they are for the #DACA recipients by agreeing to this.  If they don't, they are all for future DEMOCRAT voters.
Oh, stop.  You've set the standard in identity politics.  Don't get all righteously offended now.  Do your job and make a deal.
Soon just asking people to comply with immigration law will be considered Draconian
Feinstein you made it a political football with the Obama administration because you wouldn't do it thru congress. You and Dems no guts.
I'm sure it was fury on the hill today.  Dems and Repubs. need to take a strong stand against the dirty dealings of the president. Please.
President Trump's scoundrel-like behavior has set this country back almost 70 years. He is an insult to democracy. Help #Dreamers, please.
Pelosi turn them into a political football. Then they retaliated on her.

Wall
You have done nothing to help Dianne, get in the game negotiate and get something done or shut up with your old BS #MAGA
He’s calling the shots.
Funny illegals shutting down exams at Berkeley? They can't even speak English. How did they get in and how are they paying for it ?
Everything's a game to 45. Has no empathy, no soul.
Sillly,  He negotiates.  Nothing wrong with that unless your one way traffic
Why?
This is the USA & we care about children. They were brought here as children & only know this country. They have followed the rules given...
them & should be offered citizenship. They probably know more about USA history than you.
Deedee, It's sad the @TheDemocrats are leaving the #Dreamers out in the cold for political reasons. You don't care about #Dreamers
Most democrats voted for wall majority of Americans don't agree with amnesty, sanctuary cities or open borders
I seen a whole bunch of daca recipient today flying the Mexican flag good people
If they want to be here so bad let them pay for themselves
Trump doesn't like football anymore - analogies need to be made in golf terms since he spends 70% of his time golfing...
He and Obama....
sdf!don'tmakeitso!letushave
atouchdown!-uptou-don't
obstruct!PASS-IT!
Whenever I see the word Draconian... I can't hear anything after it for a considerable time
It’s disgusting to try and tie the stupid wall $ into people’s lives! My God, these are people and this is their country!
Without the wall, the next group of #Dreamers will flow across the border along with guns and drugs
HEY YOU STARTED WITH YOUR CUT IN LINE PROGRAM... SO YOU DEAL WITH IT MISS KNOW IT ALL. YOU HAD 8 YEARS TO FIX AND SAT ON ASS.
Like before the Civil War, they want to enslave Americans. Stuff Ballost for a one Potty state, a Liberal Fascist Dictatorial State.
No wall, No DACA!

“The Trump administration created a crisis by terminating the DACA program."  (Wild applause!)   Americans thank President Trump.
Thank you, Senator.
