Why not back a plan that would cover EVERY SINGLE AMERICAN? Some sort of... I dunno... single-payer option being discussed?
America is a CAN DO PLACE! I know we can cover all of us. Other nations do it.
Why do you care, Chimera? What's in it for you? What does paying BILLIONS in profits to insurance corporations do for you? How does it help?
That's silly.. I mean, you pay to see a doctor now, right? W insurance? This would be a system where taxpayers help each other . Not corps.
Do away with all of the mandates, the bloat and give it back to the consumers who can choose what they want.
When you say "the bloat," you're talking about greedy insurance companies. We don't have them in Canada . And we have good healthcare.
If you say so sweetie
I've lived in Canada and in the U.S. Believe me when I say that neither I nor anyone I know would trade what we have for what you have.
Good for you enjoy your health care we Americans want our Healthcare back to the people and not socialize it.
All Americans?
All Americans civilians not military.
My American civilian relatives in Iowa and Texas supported Bernie Sanders. They want Medicare for all. I don't think they're alone.
This damn bill of Graham-Cassidy must be stopped.
True.

But re: Feinstein:
Sorry to read that. It seems they've all been bought. What can we do?
Perhaps withhold one's vote?I don't know who (or if) the Senator has an opponent;one doesn't have to vote on any candidate.Still vote issues
And research the candidates meticulously. Find the ones who aren't beholden to Big Money. Expose the others.
Support @MoveToAmend. Start talking about it. We are, as a country, really quite uninvolved. (I surely used to be a lousy citizen.)
The latest ‘health care’ bill—Graham-Cassidy—is much like the four that came before it: 32 million would lose coverage.
Do you understand the difference between having insurance and having coverage. Obamacare didn't give people coverage.
Plus side of Dems siding with pharma donors over people is it shows their true colors, enabling us to gut them in the primaries.
You're so right! We will NEVER forget how we were disrespected by hillary, DNC & HER followers. (and STILL are!)
Kind of curious about what they hope to accomplish by pissing off more and more of us every day.
Apparently they either don't know or don't care how it's enraging us. About time for a real revolution.
They think it's our fault we haven't started kissing their boots yet. We're stubborn and irresponsible. Look, we gave them Trump, right? 
What can I do?
32 million have NEVER BEEN COVERED!!!
REALLY, IGNORANCE IS NOT BECOMING, JUST LIES, THAT'S WHAT YOUR IGNORANCE EQUALS, LIES!!
Please stop them, @SenFeinstein.
Like there is anyone besides people on subsidies who can afford the **** ACA? Wait doesn't matter to you, Obama gave you all in congress 1/2
Seriously, we at the grassroots level rely on our Senators to refocus media attention on this!  Stage rallys, sit-in's, etc - give us a hand
You deceptively leave out how many have lost their coverage or had their insurance go sky high due to Obamacare. #deceiver
No system will be fair and workable, including Obamacare, until healthcare is no longer a for-profit business.
Because, in the real world of politics, it has zero chance.
It has no chance because it’s not on the table, and the Dems are arguing about how much to take away from what we have.

How can 32 Million LOSE Coverage when less than 11 Million Currently have IT? You're a Liar & disgusting to attack the Faith of an appointee
How fucking stupid are you? Well over 32 million have coverage counting what Medicaid was covering prior to ACA. They will lose coverage too
They need to get job stop the hand outs
Just to be clear on where you stand.  Are you saying the Obama ACA should stand as is with no changes.
First, we #SaveTheACA & #SaveMedicaid - as is - because any ACA reversal / Medicaid cuts would kill tens of thousands of Americans per year.
well that is an interesting take.  Seems a bit "heads in the sandish"
Trump & his GOP(gov't of Putin) Congress healthcare bill is destroying USA to fulfill Putin life time dream. #TrumpRussiaCollusion #Resist
The people said NO ! The Rep Congress wants to jam this down our throats so that trump will like them.
THEIR PLAN AIDS THE 1%rs & 2%rs.
No way!!!!
11.4 million on ACA 6+ million pay the fine! It's garbage this is the best the " government " can do
And #CassidyGraham will take 60 VOTES to repeal.
Democrats have been bought by the Insurance Industry lobbyist this isn't about Citizens its about her wallet they don't even have OBAMA care
Insurance is NOT HEALTH CARE U still will get what the insurance Co will allow you she is protecting the cash cow lobbyist for Insurance Co
Thanks Sen Feinstein. Continue to get the word out.
REPEAL AND REPLACE OBAMACARE.  NO SOCIALISM.  DON'T WANT TO BE A 3RD WORLD COUNTRY.  2018 AND 2020...ADIOS TO ALL OBSTRUCTIONISTS!
#Zuckerberg4Prez Self-made billionaire, donates BILLIONS w/o b'g asked, genius, wants Univ HC, can out-spend/out-cyber any1, hates T's guts.
PLUS he'd reverse all of Trump's initiatives & kick his ridiculous cabinet to the curb, pick a female VP & restore State Dept crucial staff.
You mean they will have a choice. Not a mandate!
Gotta start somewhere- Obamacare will fail.
Because Trump is letting it fail.
What good is it if you can't afford to use it think before you speak
Please refuse HealthCare lobbyist $$$ & support Medicare For All. Its the ONLY way forward.
Senator give 2 Live Crew (Trump & GOP) Hell !!!
#alert

But the Sanders #MedicareForAll would actually cover ALL Americans! When are you going to support it @SenFeinstein
Move forward!!  We're spinning wheels here!!
Name misleading: Missing words: "Fiscal", "People's" "Wealthy" and "Prioritising" as in "Prioritising wealthy people's fiscal health bill"
Medical coverage is not a right, hut a privilege. Why should I pay for someone else's healthcare?
Why does the Republican Party feel the need 2 disrupt people's lives that R less fortunate then themselves? It seems 2 be a sick need 4 them
@senrobportman @sensusancollins @SenatorLankford @DeanHeller @marcorubio @Ralfoo7 @TheRickWilson @pharris830 @ohiomail @joncoopertweets
I called @marcorubio today. I will again tomorrow.
I am furious that @GOP is rewriting disaster. And I don't want to hear #PencePropaganda
@SenateGOP has all power to make America great.
They're not. The US Government is being dismantled and the USA is being abused.
#NOTNORMAL
Why is @GOP doing this AGAIN?
WTF. @SenateGOP rewriting disaster. Other disasters happening. The State Department is empty. #NOTNORMAL

Where is ur plan? In congress for decades and according to your side things are worse than ever. Ur the problem
Isn't it even worse?
Stop tweeting and start saving lives #SinglePayerNow #SinglePayer like any other successful country. US looks like a foolish  dinosaur now
Pls. Ask Pelosi to get on board with Medicare For All. What is her problem? Save the ACA; push for MFA.
Losing ACA coverage will help.  They then could get real private coverage that they can afford and actually works

Hipochrit and lier. By the way attacking a person based on her Catholic faith  is unconstitutional. Evil woman no respect for our country.
It's more like Deathcare, right @LindseyGrahamSC ???
Duh! Tell us something we don't know!


Medicare for all.
You and your husband are extremely wealthy... you pay for it
@GOP needs to stop this nonsense
No.  It's worse.  Lifetime caps, discrimination based on preexisting conditions, not subsidies, etc.
So tell them and everyone else this. Remove the "PROFIT" from the insurance and the damn problem is solved.  #SinglePayerNow
Medicare for All is what the people want, 45,000 Americans a year are dying without it right now. #MedicareForAll
We must keep calling. Jam the lines for the next many days. Stand with our signs, again.
Stop them!
It is against GOP morality to take care of the sick.
No Senator, they would NOT, they would chose not to participate in OCare, another government Ponzi scheme.
Time to hit the phones again!
Do your job and stop this before it's too late.
Actually, it's even more cruel. NOTHING for pre-existing conditions!!
Thank you Senator. Keep fighting for our healthcare and our democracy. Removes the Putin puppets asap please. #Nullify2016
Medicare for all is the best way to go senator. Your support for it is in the best interest of country.
Please work on fixing the old plan, make trump stop sabotaging it!!
Start calling your senators and congressional members now! Light up the phones, folks!

What keeps them from continuing to do this? How can we keep this from happening? They like money, let's buy off a couple of Republicans!
SINGEL PAYER NOW???! SB562???
Awful
Please talk to McCain to vote no again. Thx
#MedicareForAll
Get the Fed out of our health care and quit with your false scare tactics!!
Many of us are calling, writing, & faxing our reps daily, Senator. What else do you suggest & do you & Senate Dems have a strategy tool?
Meaning 32 million would no longer be forced to buy something they don't want..
The time is right for Medicare for all. Universal healthcare. For All.
Diannne, I am beginning to think we should just let them pass it. There will not be another Republican POTUS or Congress for 50-75 years.
Wasn't Graham one of them who stood up and said the skinny repeal was a joke?  So what's different about this one, except his name it on it.
Support #Medicare4All  Problem solved.  You know, the bill that @SenSanders introduced Wednesday!
You are racist
But is it Papist?
I'm disappointed, shocked, and sick that Lindsay Graham would be OK with it!! 
They need their health care to pass so they can get their tax cuts implemented. They don't care what it does or who it affects. #Shameless
I know the oligarchs have purchased the loyalty of Republicans legislators, but why aren't all Democrats working for universal healthcare?
Don't act like you care if people die. You don't, otherwise over 20M that are currently uninsured wouldn't be.
Your job to fight this mess. Fire in the belly!
Repubs can't seem to think of enough ways to screw ppl over.
#ReichstagRepublicans trying to screw others for their selfish, cruel agenda.
Tell us about the plan u and congress have? Hypocrite MAGA

If repubs repeal- EVERYONE IN DANGER- even if have best corp plans- NO PREEXISTINGS- EVERYONE WAKE UP
Liar. Reveal the facts. Smh.
#KillTheBill 
#NoTrumpcare4
#SaveACA
Who are the 32 million that would lose coverage when we had coverage before the ACA?
According to CBO. We'd get more accurate math from a middle school student. CBO has trouble with long division.
Time for you to catch up. Support #MedicareForAll
That isn't going to pass Congress.  Graham-Cassidy may pass.  Time for you to catch up and focus on reality taking place right now.
Oh, but it would allow states to have the "flexibility" to limit/deny/price-out coverage!
Senator, how about the Dems start taking their future leadership position back by submitting alternatives to fix ACA. Bring to people
We thought bipartisan committee was looking at a fix and improved ACA.
@SenateGOP : Yes, but it's 32 million of them, not us so it's okay.
Me: ??
You're a fucking idiot and a disgrace to California!
Thanks from this CA pediatric doc for speaking out to #KeepKidsCovered #Access4Kids

It's the worst of all
How ridiculous, Pres Trump had 2 pass a law, 2 make VA Admins accountable?  Who will protect populous when Swamp Dwellers drive him out?
We already have Single Payer HC, it's called VA Admn.  Pres Trump had 2 resuce vets frm medical neglect.  Passed Accountability Act & Choice
These R obstructionist tactics.  Fear mongering for votes,  Protect Illegals 2 get their votes.  They cling 2 dead HC plan then switch 2 SP.
Don't allow these scare tactics to sway you into taking Gov issued HC.  It's no better than what they gave veterans.  Pres had to save them!
With 36M illegals in our country, protected by Dianne & all other Dems, the math still works 4 Americans.  Illegals s/b cut from our HC.
At least 32 million don't want FORCED coverage like Obamacare demands.
Here in Canada we have forced coverage. My doctor is good. I can always get an appointment. Drug prices are reasonable. I like not worrying.
It's astounding! How do they think they can possibly sell this? Smoke and mirrors? Hypnotism? Anesthesia?
Talking points below! Send an instant fax letter at @botresist or call & leave a message for your representatives! Call your Governor asap!
ARE THEY TRYING TO KILL US?!
Of the loosers that Dems keep harping on, how many are Illegals? Dems don't post this stat. Took lies to pass it. Getting lies to keep it.
Especially the defenceless.
Lie cheat steal is all you know

Hey, Senator, any chance your office will ever answer the phone? I'd like to tell you to support #MedicareForAll.
You hv a healthcare system that mandates all buy it. Now the mandate is suggested ended. This explains "losing" coverage. Can still buy..
Reserving judgement til I see it 
And it would punish the smart states, like ours, that did it right by expanding Medicaid. GFY GOP.
@SenateDems Some GOPERS/The Sheep cannot govern. They are more like a Cult.Their goal is not to help ppl but the establishment
Mean spirited, greed driven legislation like this should never make it to the halls of Congress. Do No Harm! #HoldTheLine #TheResistance
Obamacare is govt greed. You think just because govt is involved greed goes away?
Thank you for fighting the good fight - you are amazing!
How about big pharma stop paying off u politicians so Healthcare is affordable. Our state SN. Pan is owned by pharma. Fix that!
As opposed to #Obamacare .  Yes, that was affordable for everyone.  - Nobody Ever
Vote no
It's time to keep #Obamacare by calling your senators and representatives. To get their contacts text your zip code to 520-200-2223. #Resist
We want healthcare. Must stop these plans that screw the American people. Medicare for everyone is a great idea, but we must stop GOP now.
you lie again...
2/2 a pass. You don't have to go through this BS,It all waived for you. You are out of touch with Americans and you don't seem to care. BYE!

Thought there was a Murray Alexander Bill in the works.  MUST Fight this every time they try it.  #FixACA
But why settle for half-measures? 28 million Americans lack coverage *right now*! Americans want #MedicareForAll!
Yikes!
How can the @TheDemocrats be so bad that they continually lose to these monsters?
Cruel
Cassidy & Price shld both have their medical licenses revoked. No ethical physician proposes legislating away the #HealthCare of 30M people.
Why aren't you concerned with the 1.6m babies murdered in our country every year? #hypocrite
I'm your constituent and I want you to fight for #MedicareForAll. This is nonnegotiable
Not happening!
#MedicareForAll Now is the time!!
What makes Medicare superior healthcare? You govt is good at controlling cost right? They do great at running social security don't they?
I don't understand why we can't just rectify what's in place instead of trying to change the whole thing right now?! Ppl need HC!!
Because Trump wants to erase EVERYTHING Obama did.
"Graham-Cassidy healthcare bill" is a disguise. Don't fall for it!
Does that mean you support Medicare for ALL?
No
Then why didn't you support Medicare for All?
Because it is a slogan not a plan.  There are several forms of Universal Healthcare.  Investigate before jumping on the bandwagon.
It's been an idea long before the most recent plan and I've never heard the Senator support it.
Kill. The. Bill.
True. Too bad Senator Feinstein is on the same side as the GOP when it comes to Single-Payer. She could make a big difference.
She is in favor of Universal Healthcare.  Single Payer is just one possibility and right now just a slogan not a method.
Check her donor list. Single-Payer is a concept. Anything else is an approval of profit from misery.
We will do as much pleading as it takes Senator Feinstein. Thank you for the information. 
Even more than before.
Must pass by Sept 30? Withhold consent to delay business. Play hardball. .@SenFeinstein .@KamalaHarris
Haha haha!  Your faith is in her! Hahahaha!
Well why don't you Democrats quit bitching about the Republican version and present a fix to all the failings of the ACA.
As Americans struggle with very unaffordable insurance premiums & deductibles,Dems slam any efforts to replace their disaster, the ACA.
When will this madness stop Senator?
Where do we apply the pressure this time???
Another lie.   They would get coverage because insurers would not want to lose that market.   It would just become more affordable.
Then endorse #MedicareForAll you #BadDem
The CBO hasn't scored it yet. Stop guessing
How many million lost coverage when you force Obamacare down Americas throat?  Do you even care?
#resist We need to begin protests again.  History will see the swamp ethics of the GOP @GOP @SenateMajLdr @POTUS Gutting ACA is bad for all
Republicans will pass TRUMPCARE this time. Ryan says it's a great plan
Please do not vote for it then.
32 million won't "lose"anything, they will choose to drop it because they aren't compelled to buy it.
Funny u don't mention the ppl that had to drop insurance because they couldn't afford
Get the facts straight people. The ACA isn't a failure; the complete opposite. Where it's struggling it's being undercut. It's not a handout
Come on now.  ACA made good gains, but it was built by and for for-profit insurance.
Not the Medicaid expansion
Considering a Total Population of 325,886,453 people, 32 million is really a drop in the bucket - Stop Pushing Lies!!!
How is saying 32 million would lose when 32 million would lose a lie? And 10% isn't a drop in a bucket unless there r 10 drops in the bucket
Logically, 32 million would not require or want Healthcare Coverage at this time in their life - Doesn't mean its not available - SMH!
Everyone needs healthcare #Medicare4All
My fav Dem Sen. but level w voters. Calif 1 of 3 states consuming near 40% Obama Care dollars. Other states should not have 2 support you.
