I feel you need to put your bias aside and vote Gorsuch in.  You need to quit your party evil vendetta aside.
As soon as Garland hearings are concluded. Speaking of evil vendetta and all...
He isn't even a choice
Remind me how his hearing went please, I'm having a hard time remembering what the vote breakdown was.
Once again he is not an option,  Hillary isn't an option, Obama isn't an option...so take your ball & go home.
I hope for once in a generation, Democrats will put up a unfied front in opposition to Gorsuch.
Failing to confirm Gorsuch will be a huge mistake for the country and Democrat party; I fear that future nominees will not be so moderate ..
Vote against #gorsuch #SCOTUS
Stand firm!
Vote no senator, filibuster if necessary! No judges nominated while the president under investigation.
I so agree. No judges until the truth on #Trumprussia #countrybeforeparty
U bother 2 see 2016 film intent on vetting OB? The media wouldn't.  Commie family, Bill Ayers terr, bomber friend, Rev Wright GD America. .
@SenFeinstein please support america and gorsuch  thank u
Looney DEMS lost & will keep losing with obstructionism.
Stay strong. Your fighting on behalf of american people, the republicans are fighting for corporate interest.
Oh God have them all vote NO !!!!!!
I seriously doubt it's God's will they're seeking
Who Republicans? That's for sure
Thank you Senator Feinstein!!!!!
any Democrat who support this trash as Supreme Court Justice should be fired! Stop being cowards and stand up like you tell us too!
NO ONE cares abt Obama's nomination "NEWS FLASH" OBUMMER is not the president GET OVER IT, MOVE ON.... #CONFIRMGORSUCH
Oh yeah we do. Stolen seat...Patriot Mom, you are no Patriot. No respect for the process. Blinded by rhetoric...
Vote NO!!!  @SenatorCardin Maryland IS watching!!!
And so is the rest of America, all those people who voted for Trump because of the SCOTUS selection.  We aint going anywhere.
Don't even know if you're in America let alone Maryland - support/pride only goes so far with ?
We're watching too -- there's more of us
More of you?  You might be loud and own the liberal media, but one thing Trump has is a mouth. Don't know if you're American either, do I?
Vote NO. Please FILIBUSTER. Democrats need to grow a backbone - capitulating has lost the party presidency, Congress, state legislatures!
Maybe governing would be a great thing for them to do?
Clearly the GOP has failed in that endeavor and continues to fail now.
Trust me, Trump is and will continue to get things done. Many of Trumps votes came from the SCOTUS choice, not cause we liked him.
Just say Yes. Stop playing games.
@SenFeinstein Filibuster everything Trump does! Republicans set these rules w/ @BarackObama we can play by their rules!
No Gorsuch and thank you Senator Feinstein!!!
Please vote no on Gorsuch's nomination!
She is very smart, know the Law  and the rule.Judge Gorsuch law interpretation was wrong and partial  in some cases and support her decision
Brown vs Education. Instead of saying yes, you said it should have been done 80 years sooner. Did you listen to her objections? JOKE!
Don't vote for Gorsuch. Even if they don't go nuclear now,they will do so later if there is another vacancy. Stand your ground.
Throw 200 years of Senate precedence down the drain. Those of us who voted for Trump because of SCOTUS will be at the polls in 2018.
VOTE NO ON GORSUCH, STAND UP TO REPUBLICANS.
Throw 200 years of Senate precedence down the toilet, the Trump voters will be out in 2018 like nothing you've ever seen.
@SenFeinstein "The TRUE Administration of Justice is the Firmest Pillar of All Good government" ~George Washington
Smart 2do Press release/Rep tend 2B better at framing narrative&is good 2hear your reasons 4NOT voting Gorsuch
Christians on Far Right might remember Jesus said 'The Letters of The Law w/o Spirit of The Law IS NOT The Law"
The Democrats always come out crying vote vote vote and then they get in office and become lawn chairs and fold! No more! Fight or leave!
U Demos don't care abt aborted babies torn limb by limb but ur worried by waterboarding sick ruthless terrorist? Sickos. God will judge u.
To be remembered.  If you idiots force the GOP to invoke the Reid nuclear option, nothing more motivating for the 2018 election.
Knew that you would vote no. THANK YOU!
Remember this: Many Trump voters didn't want to vote for Trump, and SCOTUS was the reason. You want a 2018 turnout, I promise we're there.
How stupid do you think we are?  As a lawyer he represented his client.  WOW! Is that a bad thing?
No nomination while Trump is under investigation by the FBI.  Once, closed either Treason or proceed with nomination.
I wish someone would use torture on u. U care more about terrorist then u do about American people
You wouldn't be satisfied unless the nominee was a left wing loon like yourself.  Judge Gorsuch will be confirmed!  Stop whining!
#GorsuchHearing
Which is worse Senator?  Waterboarding or death by droning?
If you let GOP STEAL this seat why would they ever stop? Remember McConnell said he would block for 4yrs if Clinton won. STAND UP for US
So throw our democracy under the buss.  You people have no ethics.
Appoint #gorsuch and stop ur stupidity and NO sanctuary state for CA!!!!!!!
I'm curious when Americans or anyone was burned alive in a dog cage or beheaded should we lay down?and say sorry?according to you we should
Re  your  "speech " this a.m. Do you want some cheese to go with your whine? We9sick of judges legislating from the bench!
Please filibuster Gorsuch. Gorsuch is extreme right and will favor corporations over people for generations to come!
I think they should put Gorsuch on the shelf, and bring out an extremist right judge since the liberals continue to threaten nuclear option.
Wasting your time Snowflakes! Go "nuclear" republicans! Don't waste time listening to liberal hacks blow smoke in the air. Smolder them
Omg! Your statement...Like a five year old wrote it! What an embarrassment! No facts, just political shit!
I think you would traffic your own children just to make things hard for our wonderful President
Why don't you just say the truth, you don't want #gorsuch cause he doesn't support your liberal agenda!
Lol he is not under investigation Russia is lol you libs don't get it lol
To all the Senators:
How about this? WE WON YOU LOST GET OVER IT!
U had no problem Obama used drones to kill, even American citizens ... but you hate that Bush use torture to extract info from terrorists.
What is wrong with Gorsuch according to Feinstein, i.e. not emotional enough. Feelings change, laws don't! #SeparationOfPowers

@SenFeinstein please agree to filibuster! President has too many conflicts to get this nominee through!
I can't believe I'm tweeting this but God Bless Harry Reid for giving the RNCs the nuclear option.  Good old backfire Harry Reid.
Any democrat that votes for Judge Gorsuch needs to resign. #nevergorsuch
Great idea! I hope they ALL vote for him!
Californian IMPLORING you to APPROVE Gorsuch!  America voted and decided!!!
SO....what about the STEYER-SOROS (fake name) CONNECTION for Financing DEMS agendas???  BE CONSISTENT DIANNE - do what you are PAID to do!
Hypocrisy at its finest! #SusanRice #DirtyRice
OMG! Blah, blah blah. What you're reading may be important but you aren't being honest in your interpretation. Gorsuch is perfect for SCOTUS
Never heard such BS from anyone. He didn't say yes, he said it should have happened 80 years earlier. That lady really thinks we are stupid.
REALLY?!
@SenFeinstein Please filibuster. He is for corporate America, not citizen safety. -A constituent from CA.
He's for following the law.  We realize you liberals have a problem with that concept.
Typical far left chatter that makes no sense! Nothing but obstructionists acting like 2 yr olds! Karma is a bitch, remember that Dems! @DNC
Senator Feinstein if we always allow emotion to interfere with the laws on the books then why even Congress to make the laws to begin with.
When Feinstein talks about enforcing views upon people, sounds like she's talking about herself.
U R MORE CROOKED THAN EVER. IT IS TIME FOR U RESIGN. #MAGA
Hey Diana tell you tweeters that Clapper & Brennen said no evidence of collusion between Trump & Russia all evidence points to Obama spying
No matter how petty or juvenile you get, Judge Gorsuch WILL BE a Supreme Court Judge. The Democrats games now haunt you. Thanks Harry Reid!
U R so right. They can abort babies but worried abt waterboarding terrorists who burned ppl alive/ chopped heads off? HYPOCRITS GOD judges.
Let your spell check judge your writing please. *HypocritEs
Please, Senator Feinstein, vote no on Judge Gorsuch's nomination. He is not what is best for the country, esp those marginalized.
Gorsuch is dangerous enough to warrant our leadership doing everything in their power to stop him now #VoteNO #ResistTrump
As a NPP constituent, you can vote anyway you want to, I'm still going to cast my vote to get you out office first chance I get.
@SenFeinstein listening to you give your speech during the Supreme CRT NOM DBT. Thank you for your truthful debate!
Did you really listen.  I heard her say that Gorsuch gave the answer she wanted but not in her words.  Those were insane statements.
What a waste of time giving that speech, Rep's voted 4 Dem's SORRY nominations in past!
You're sounding like a fool Diane. I hope your constituents are watching. And they remember you too
@SenFeinstein 
Feinstein if the trucker was injured he should never of unhook the trailer, he should have called 911.
Tell us about your husband Richard Blum and all his sweetheart deals with Dims and California high speed train to nowhere?
VOTE YES FOR GORSUCH ! ENOUGH CORRUPTION IN OUR JUDICIAL SYSTEM. YOU AND THE REST OF THE LIBS DONT WANT TO FOLLOW LAWS OR CONSTITUTION
Why haven't we heard how you'll vote? Garland never got a hearing or a vote. We demand a #filibuster!
You can have it. It will be great ammunition for the GOP in 2018 election.  Go for it.
Democrats are an absolute disgrace! Especially Feinstein
VOTE YES! CONFIRM GORSUCH!
My God, how long are you going to play the #Garland card?I agree it was wrong, but get past it &try to unite, not divide. #GorsuchHearing
Get over it! Garland had radical ties to La Raza. America deserves better!
Who's lying You or Biden as he said history was No Nomination during election year can't trust Dems as they say what fits their agenda
Please vote NO
You did not win the election and we will get our Supreme Court Justice. So sorry!
@SenFeinstein how will you vote? Will you filibuster?
Reject this nominee.  He has shown a bias and a lack of compassion in his rulings that make him unsuitable for a life time appointment.
You voted for Gorsuch for appeals court! Stop embarrassing yourself
Just Say No
VOTE NO VOTE NO VOTE NO to confirm Gorsuch he cannot be impartial VOTE NO VOTE NO
Trump is unlikely to still be president for the next Supreme Court nomination, so go For Broke here.
can't get through to your office .. as your constituent, I also strongly urge you to vote against.
Gorsuch is the wrong pick regardless of the Merrick Garland robbery. Your constituents will never forgive you if you cave.
Dems need to stand firm. It's not as if he's going to nominate someone reasonable the next time because you cooperated this time.
Support the filibuster. We need your support. It's the best thing for America
You need to vote against Gorsuch. There is no reason for you to vote in favor. Your constituents are watching.
@SenFeinstein please vote #NoOnGorsuch We can't have a lifetime appt from this pres until #russiagate investigated fully.
Are you completely batshit crazy???  News is saying you're "undecided"?  WTF - vote the will of your constituents - NO!!!
VOTE NO
VOTE NO & FILIBUSTER!
NO, NO, NO! This is not the man or the time to make a lifetime appointment.  Please VOTE NO!
If you don't like this one you're going to hate the next one or two that will, come up.
as your constituent, i strongly urge you to vote against
Cry all you want he is getting in so suck it up
Nobody for life appointment should read law in favor of business over human life
I beg you see wolf in sheeps clothing he is 4 business not human life! There are other judges better!
@SenFeinstein Vote NO. #NoGorsuch while Trump under investigation. And we need a more moderate SCOTUS.
Gorsuch has NO soul and this scares me even more than #NotMyPresident
Please vote no he never answers moral questions he is big business over human life right to your face
No!!!!
Vote No!!
