LET THE PEOPLE DIE UNDER OBAMACARE!!  FEINSTEIN DON'T HAVE IT!!!  HaHaHaHaHaHaHa!!!
I'm with our present let Obamacare fail miserably as it is so we can get a new health plan
You obviously don't care about the millions of Californians who have to pay twice as much for health care because of the bill you sponsored!
I don't know if you've ever heard the saying, but if you're not part of the solution you're part of the problem!
So put aside your infantile hatred of Donald Trump and the Republican party and get something done for the people in our state!
Thank you Senator let's do something amazing!
There's nothing amazing in Washington
Y'all are not on Obamacare... hmmmm thats not right! Obama put something in there so y'all get the good stuff! It should be MANDATORY for u!
Let Obamacare collapse... then hopefully the american ppl will get some good healthcare!
You know as well as I if they repeal it they have no intention of replacing it with any thing ever
Is the Trump Medical Care thing really dead? And how can we as Americans prevent the Slime Buckets coming back. Vote them out.
Thank you! That BILL was so FULL JUNK! I am glad you did not had to VOTE, it killed itself. Now TRUMP is blaming the Press.
Why are 1/2 our Senators making this bill and not a mix panel of insurance, physicians, big drug and bi-partisan members?
Who will fix it for those of us experiencing 200% increase in premiums and only 1 plan option. Lost my plan AND my Dr with ACA.
That is not right and that is the part that needs fixing. Job ins?
I am an Independent consultant...my friends employed by large companies, govt, institutions, didnt experience the increase or plan dropped
You can thank your Republican friends for cutting the legs out from under ACA...just to bring about it's collapse.
Senator Feinstein, as you can see GOP is at it again we do not want Trump care please don't let them succeed in their threats or their money
Not a single one gives a shit about anyone while they suck on the government tit
Please don't let any republicans get away with telling a lie to the American people
Does that excite you, Feinstein?!  That's nice!  Meanwhile, the rest of America sits back and continues to watch ins premiums increase! F/O!
Can we now focus on getting tRUmp and the corrupt administration out of office?
Your care is going belly up. How about the gov stay out of the business of healthcare ??
And let insurance companies reign? Ins cos are never for the people. They want to write trash policies and not cover when u need it. C'mon
How do you think we did it before this disaster. If u choose a trash policy that's your problem. The point is free market means competition
I watched my parents get dropped after DECADES of paying ins prem as soon as my mom had a heart attack. Bye bye ins.. i watched my parents..
Struggle to pay dr bills. Praying that nothing else happened.. counting down the days til they reached 65 so they could get Medicare. So yea
That's a big IF! Trump wants 2 dump all HC. The only thing to repeal & replace is TRUMP.  #TheResistance @Impeach_D_Trump w KKK & KGB in WH?
Is this what your resisting?? What are u resisting exactly? It's a serious question
Oh gosh.. i've been up since 4am. Im too tired to try and explain on here, but i'll def respond tom.
It turns out throwing millions of people off healthcare so you can give billionaires a big tax cut isn't popular. Who'd of guessed?
That's a lie
It's just who those sonsa bitches are every single one has been hit with the same bat over and over again till they have no heart
Thank YOU for the worst healthcare in my life! And I'm certain it will only get worse
Thank you for fighting for us ca you so do me and my son love our ca ladies #best
And for Christ sake tell the American people that there is absolutely no way the republicans would ever pass a good health care bill
woo hoo! I can continue getting treatment for my Lymphoma-- I never smoked!
Ms Feinstein, that isn't good enough. You guys have to get in and make ACA better. You cannot just be the party of opposition. Be a leader
Thank you for your leadership, my Senator.
Now we expect you ALL to get busy & come up with ACA fix. 
Ideas: MC buy-in for 55+ or 60+ and/or MA/MC insurers must have ACA plans. THINK.
Great!  Now work to make ACA better.
Now they want to takeaway ALL healthcare. Yes we need to Repeal & Replace Trumps from our lives. #TheResistance & @Impeach_D_Trump
What is your plan to force Trump out?
Feinstein, when are going to wake up. Like I told senile Pelosi, the people don't want it. For God's sake do something TO HELP THEM!

The 1 chance we have to take back Congress in 2018, SEIZE THE DAY! FLIP BIG STINKY w/a Public Health Option plank https://twitter.com/supraTruth/status/885958063026388993 …
Thank you for standing fast. We can not stop fighting. We can not let up.
why do they hate us so much?
That looks you for advocating for us throughout this nightmare of a healthcare issue. You rock!!!
Protect what "care"? Obamacare is going down in flames as it is not so affordable after all. This is all on you Dems!
So you are proud of pursuing your personal agenda instead of helping Americans?
I agree but also it is time for you to go and let some fresh blood take over. You have hit the wall hard and that's why the dems are down.
Thank you!

Thank you for all your hard work Senator and now we need to fix it for those who are not reaping the benefits of the ACÁ 
It is not a healthcare bill it is more like a deathbed bill.
Want to fix healthcare?
Make it LAW government MUST use same system
Dont take it away
Just make everybody use the same!
Instantly FIXED!
Your making people suffer to support your fuck over agenda and Where going to make you pay in 2018. at the polls your going to lose/
Let's NOT praise the very few Republicans that made the sane choice. Continue to push the message that the GOP put U.S. on brink of disaster
Lets see what happens in the next year when everyone is screaming about the health care disaster. Ill be sure to check with you at that time
It's time we do it in on own here in #California #CaliforniaHealthCare
But now they just want to repeal Obamacare with no replacement! Are they nuts? This must be stopped!
The Constitution CLEARLY puts the responsibility w/FEDERAL GOVT to promote the General Welfare of the People, not the States. GOP READ IT!
Please bet your Senate seat on whether Obamacare is going to fail, as we need new representation in California.
Thank you!
Protect? United healthcare earnings up as company leaves ACA networks. That is a trend that will continue. Dump ACA!
We need to stop the repub budget plan that would strip Americans of their medicare. Vote NO on any repub budget/plan
Don't let them repeal ACA either!
Thank you and Senator Harris also
That's not what did it. 3 of 4 GOP senators voting no don't think it does enough damage to #ACA
Try thanking the CONSERVATIVES, they were the holdouts. BTW, if/when a #FullRepeal comes up to a vote - Vote YES! Obamacare is a disaster!
Thank you Senator for your persistence !!
What is our plan to fix ACA? We need to get the message out!
Please keep being heard or they will try to slide others through the same way!

Senate Republican exempting themselves from certain provision in their own trumpcare it's a criminal act against the United States citizens

Great let the health insurance industry get  dose of their own medicine screwing up the American people leaving states merge #raise premiums
Not over yet. Keep up the pressure!
How can you hashtag protect our care.? YOU, who do nothing in DC don't have Obamacare, you old hypocrite. You were exempted by BO. #(D)Liars
Time for UNIVERSAL HEALTHCARE Congress needs to give up benefits they gave themselves!!!
Now we are going to find out what Repeal without Replace looks like when Odumbcare fails, and it'll be on the Dems
Shameful the Dems did not come to the tracker to help. Obamacare is failing and you know it and won't soi anything to help
Keep working to oppose the repeal. McConnell must be stopped from his strong arm tactics! It is not what HE wants but what the public wants!
Stand up for us!  resist.  persist.  insist.
Now the GOP wants to cut our Medicare & Social Security!
Feinstein does not pay any of the high premiums or insurance penalties. She is under a different set of rules/regulations compared to us.
Nor does anyone in congress. What's your point?
But now they're calling for a total repeal? This is insanity.  Stay loud!
And thank you Senator for serving the American people
So, can you start working together and fix what we have now?
On the majority to bring them into the process. You should ask @SenateMajLdr abt it, bc Sen. Feinstein has been asking right straight along.
Bullshit
Yes they need to kill Obamacare and let it go
Senator tell your constituents the truth. You're not worried bc you can choose your doctor wo going bankrupt. POTUS will turn it around.
Time for Dems to lead a national protest march!
While we focus on HC ,treason ,Nepotism,and destruction of the planet continue.
Yes we did it now it's time to work together for the Country
Great news.   But sad that the Senators that killed it are right wing extremists.   Sad that moderate Republicans stayed too silent too long
Don't stop the fight. They will not give up this easy.
Thank you! We will not stop #theresistence
I don't trust this. They'll come back like monsters under a little kid's bed.


Now it's time to fix the ACA. Thank you for all you've done to protect American healthcare!
Thank you!
WHY would U do such a horrific thing? forcing failing obamacare that's DESTROYING Americans Lives to provide FREE insurance to ILLEGALS Sic
Thank you
Thank you for fighting for us.
Thank you and your ranks.   This is the Clear and Present threat to out National Security --in our own borders- among our own families
Keep fighting the good fight, and we'll keep making our voices heard! #DumpTrump2020!
Thank you and all the Democrats for standing unified in opposition!

Lawyrs brght theDNC law suit,Becks,nds help
BOMBSHELL: Attorney Links Clinton Foundation To Mayo Clinic, Peter Smith https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1bmMl2OGVQ0&feature=share …
It looks like its not over.  McConnell announced he was planning on a vote to repeal ACA without any replacement.  What are the odds?
you know what; i would rather have a 147 page bill than a 26,000 page mega monstrosity that i can read than big government democrat crap!!!!
McConnell is moving the goalposts again. This is utterly ridiculous.
Make sure this $1trillion tax cut for the wealthy, that creates a death panel for the poor,elderly,disabled, children does not pass.
Don't believe it, keep calling emailing tweeting facebooking your Senator's. Tell them to vote NO on The Republican health Care plan.
For patients. Advertising added to the cost of healthcare. So there are empty beds in hospitals in order to compensate prices get higher.
Thank you, Senator Feinstein and Senator @SenKamalaHarris !  We're lucky to have you fighting for us!
Despite the amount of hospital beds needed. That's when hospital started calling patients clients and different conglomerates competed (next
In the 1980s hospitals where able to convince government to eliminate certificate of need. Hospitals built as many rooms for patients (next)
Thank you as well for working on our behalf. #ProudCalifornian
Now is the time to work on UNIVERSAL HEALTHCARE!!! No 1 should go without healthcare Insurance companies & Rx have raked in billions.
It's not over.
Ummm... it was the really conservatives that backed out.
Good news, but, only because at least two of them think it's not draconian enough. This is incomprehensible.
I wonder if it's cover - a lot of "moderate" Rs don't want to vote for this and this is a way to cover all their asses, you know?
Im greatful and and all but why r u against single payer
Let's Not Count Our Chickens Before The Hatch...
Next battle is to stop @SenateMajLdr from repealing ACA. All this for his own desire for a SCOTUS seat.
Thank you for your efforts to block this bill, Senator. Please continue to protect Americans and provide health insurance to us all.
But its not over. Repeal is worst! Voting now to REPEAL
bingo ,most aren't paying much attention to whats about to happen. senators who said no want full repeal & replace

CBO scored repeal without a replacement - it's a humanitarian disaster of incomprehensible scale. 32M lose insurance. Premiums go up 100%.
Yes "SIS" keep lying  U DON'T GIVE A DAMN ABOUT CA JUST OBAMA!! And his legacy! Come on GOP CALL THE LYING DEMS! Keep their phones ringing
U TRY SINGLE PAYER FIRST "SIS" I want the CONGRESS ALL 2 get the system U want "SIS"!!
Thank you for fighting so hard, it is so stupid to repeal, let's fix instead, single payer, get profit out of health care
U had them lie saying that those senators were theirs!! U R Evil just like Hill! If U want single payer then Congress gets it first!!
Stop Trump Care
#protectourcare ? Let's do 'em one better and offer an actual solution! #SinglePayer is the only way to go! CA and the USA are ready!
Now make sure they don't just repeal Obamacare without a replacement!!
Now work on uncovering all this BS in the WAshington ! This FLIM FLAM man and his cohorts need to go! Trumps lawyer making up words.
stay vigilent.  Weasels come back more determined than before.
Now they want full repeal!!!
doesn't mean they wont do in secret again - be wary!
@Ramon36069 now we need 2stop them from repealing ACA & begin to shore it up.This is what the #GOP needed to do from the start
Thanks back!Did U hear about Cait Jenner,wanting 2 run 4 UR seat in 2018?Can U imagine?Have a good laugh!
Sen Feinstein, your strength is beautiful. More than we can covey.…America thanks you for your golden patriotism! Thank God we have you!! 
Not yet! The bill isn't over until it is once and for all DEAD. Finish it off.
Stop the repeal vote!
great ACA news but have you noticed every time trump fails legislatively he takes hatchet to women, immigrants, environment
Do you think they will be able to just repeal it all together as the attempted in 2015? Guess we need to keep up #TheResistance
It's not over they will keep trying to destroy our lives you all need to get this corruption locked up!!
If you really want to HELP Americans, work on stopping the price gouging by the medical industry!
Now is THE TIME for the PROGRESSIVE DEMS to introduce #MedicareforAll. This will distinguish the Neoliberals from the Progressives.
What exactly do you mean? Your care is paid for by us! Obamacare is a failed experiment! 
And THANK YOU Dianne and all DEMS for having our back.
We are not done yet.
It's because of #TheResistance @SenFeinstein
Now just get together and fix what we have.
Thank you for all your hard work!
Thank you for making health insurance too expensive for so many under that disaster Obamacare. Thank you for stopping relief for working ppl
I'm glad, but we cannot let up the pressure.
@SenKamalaHarris Thank you both for your robust efforts on health care.  Please support bipartisan bill.
Thank you Senator Feinstein for efforts on our behalf! It should not be so hard to shut down bad bill but lot of money spent on this one!
obamacare has been a failure since the start & it's now clearer than ever that writing a mean bill in secret is no way to get things done.
Can @HouseDemocrats and @SenateDems come up with a reasonable healthcare for all and work with @SenateGOP  and @HouseGOP
It's not over
Keep on working. The WH is still looking for a win.
Keep fighting cuz those idiots don't quit either.
Ur a liar
In an 8-year-long joke, @GOP pretends they are competant on Health Care
A Happy Communist, your welcome looser. We still won the election. Impeach this!
thank you Sen Feinstein!
Thank you!
Thanks to all  the Senators who listened to our voices.
This us fantastic news!!!!
United we can make ourselves heard. #HeathcareIsARight
Then YOU are going to eat it with Obamacare.............................
The republicans let us down.  In a very short time there will be no federal health care sense obama care is going broke.  Sad
Hopefully they can fix what they have so it can help the most needy
It's not dead til it's dead. Please keep fighting'
Such beautiful news
Thank you.
I am tried of crying everyday for our healthcare. We pay i to fica which supports Medicaid. It is illegal to take our money
You look beautiful and smart and tough when asking difficult questions. Amazing! Thank you for fighting.
Thank you, Senator Feinstein, for standing firm for US.
Good news. Now time to roll up sleeves and go forward with a workable plan.
Thank you Senator Feinstein for your hard work to protect us.
Thank you for speaking the truth.
Thank you, Senator, for leading the fight against repeal!
Idiots, just repeal!!
Please work on a transition plan for Medicare for All Americans! Thank you!
Oh, good. Now Americans will continue to suffer with Obamacare & you're stupidly celebrating as it crumbles.
Thanks @SenFeinstein . You are a leader!
I dont think we r done yet. Keep fighting!
Resist!
It's all theater. MM and his knuckle dragger senators will pass it somehow
Do not let up. Hold.  Just hold.
Thank you as well!
Thanks to our legislature for listening to WE THE PEOPLE
As my child suffers. Your just don't get it. We are swamped with bills and actually no care because of Obamacare, but you don't care
Thank you black Jesus 
stay woke
Keep pushing!!  We must!!
Now what do we @TheDemocrats have ready to fix #Obamacare or go forward with #MedicareForAll ???
