None of laws could have stopped him if he couldn’t buy them legally he would have gotten them illegally just goes to show how ignorant
There are laws against killing people
They didn't stop him either

WE need a new approach than believing murderers care about strong laws
Right. So why have any laws at all? Let’s just abolish all of them. #flawedlogic
It's not the laws. It's the why.  Why are people doing these things. People are very sick now days. We need to get to the bottom of it
Totally agree.  But in the meantime, let's make it harder for those sick people to get guns.  How can you argue with that?
Sure, but
That barn door was left open many years
& cows are now running amuck
Even bump stock legislation now,
3D printers make it too late
Data from other countries shows that regulation works. It’s not a perfect solution but it makes a difference. So why not start there?
Right, laws only effect those who actually follow the laws
Like it or not
Reacting blindly to that has fixed nothing so far
How have we reacted blindly? Congress has not passed gun control in forever. There is no reaction. We have to do something!
We legislate to protect ourselves from the worst of it. Ex: Building codes that require barricades. Stronger cockpit doors. Can’t buy wmds.
You should be worrying about Ca. Think about banning fire it destroyed so much in your state.
Why do you continue to think that change in people comes from government laws. The government can not change human behavior.
If Congress doesn’t ban assault rifles by the next election they will be fired. Every one of them. Assault weapons are for the military only
Sir an education.. assault rifle ownership is allowed by special permit only. You cannot possess them
Let’s tell that to those 500 people injured in Las Vegas. Get real!  Where have you been!
At the range...

Gun laws need to change to benefit innocent people not the rich!
This is true people should have the rights to be a gun owner but also within reason
So who does the reasoning? The government? That always works out well for the taxpayer
Well obviously as a society we can’t seem to understand within reason plus it would restrict those looking to harm others.
One rifle or 100 what's the difference. All it takes is one idiot. It's easy to blame the guns. But that will not fix the issue
Pro 2A here.  Once Invented, can't be prevented.  When the 2A was written, the people did have access to the same weapons the government had
I guess no one saw him carrying in all of those guns. Why are some of us watched soooo closely and others not at all.
So you absolutely want to restrict gun ownership more than the current laws. This is the exact reason for the 2A.
You are when talking about weapons
You need your facts straight....he was a arms dealer working for Obama HILLORY get it straight before you tweet
Learn to spell before you do. It’s “Hillary”.  Are your parents by any chance siblings? (That’s Brother & sister.)
40000 auto deaths last year that’s 109 pre day should update that first
Only morality will help our current problem, not rules and laws that can be broken. Morality is big when you believe.
Please keep running for office. In my opinion you are the most qualified to be the first women President. I hope you will consider it!
Oh lordy would that be awful.. dementia, 83+ geez no no no
Your right the whole party seems to want all these older to keep going till they drop! Where are the Kennedys? Sorry Hillary is scary!
Work on Chicago get it straight then let us know how that works for you!
No, it doesn't. Do our laws against murder need and update?
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @CNN
The number of weapons has nothing to do with anything. It only takes 1 so why dony you think before you speak?
@SenatorFeinstein @SenSchumer @SenFranken @SenMcCain @SenMcConnell  @CNN Trumps First Legislature PASSED WAS ALLOWING MENTALLY ILL BUY GUNS
I do not like these accessories.  I am against SILENCERS taking away the warning sounds of gunshot but there are no laws that stop killing
What about laws against cars? Knives? Airplanes? Suicide bombers? Hard objects?
The drugs he took impacted his “homocidal” and “suicidal” tendencies.
DON'T STOP THE FIGHT.
Because we all know that ppl who commit murder follow the laws
Please retire.
Current laws cannot and will never be able to stop evil! Stop trying to steal the rights from those who are not evil!


And are currents about are elected people isnt working and needs change
That is a nothing statement. We understand that you are beholden to your donors
Please explain  " update " ?
If he was black he’d have been a lawless radical, if he was Muslim he’d be a maniacal terrorist.... he was white so he’s a lone wolf. #kneel
The fact that u think a murderer obeys laws reveals your brain needs an update.
Listen up fellow Children Nanny has spoken Play nice with ur toys or mama gov will take them away & put u out of work onto welfare
Whats worse are the loopholes that allowed Trump sexual predator, pathological liar, mentally unstable, bankrupt loser become USA President
No...it shows that nothing would have stopped this crazy man.
No gun laws would have stopped this. We have a mental health and degradation of values problem in society. Not gun problem.
Another politician asking the question on how and not why. The problem is the individual !!!!  Something is very wrong with people today !
Go away Please. !!!  Resign
Our Congressional leadership needs an update too. Don’t run again.
Murder is still illegal you twit
No you need complete Gun Control. It was written when we had to defend ourselves from invading brits or hunt for food. One shot at a time.
Do something beside tweet
I'd like to see some actual concrete evidence that the current suspect is actually our shooter. The current evidence seems to show otherwise
OR you could take a gander at mental health in our country, not quite as vote getting sexy, but has been a factor in EVERY mass shooting.
Well what are you waiting for !!!
I hope that
banning of bump stocks 
isn't' used as a 
sacrificial political device to
try to defer
banning of high capacity assault rifles.
There needs to be a limit on guns like we have limits on the number of pets we can own.
So what's the answer? Take all the guns? Be like Austrailia & England? Any gun can kill its the messed up human that pulls the trigger.
Yeah, take the freaking guns just like other civilized people have already done! It works!
Like I said don't know the answer. 1 extreme to the other.  Not giving up my guns. Not homicidal/suicidal. Thats not to say others aren't.
Amen...and if they try to take mine the will get bullets first
They'll find some way to blame Obama or Hillary.
Obama was the answer to the shooting
Authorities are LYING! 2 different vids here! 2 shooters! Ban the #FBI! https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=JxmEFeKy8aI&feature=youtu.be … https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=wYC6kOcX6TI …
Well, do something then. Stop twatting and propose legislation
seems immigration laws dont mean shit either thanks to people like you
The 2nd Amendment is for people like you in government, shall not be infringed
Wrong
You mean they are perfect?
Under 40cfr122 and 112, we address pollution at the source. Why not retrain minds with value quality thinking? God can help.
You're all missing the point: there should be a law banning firearms.  It really is that simple.
They are about as effective as that "don't kill people law" stopped him. Seriously, you cannot be this clueless.... can you?
The best 2nd Ammendment explanation bar none !
It shows that even when following the rules humans break. You will never stop crazy. You want people safer? then arm and train them!
Why don't you mention Chicago, hell even California the state you live in #CommonSense
Don't call them "Illegal Firearms". Call them "Undocumented Weapons" and let them live in Sanctuary Homes.
Please make the wine country a priority. We are dying here
do you know what a barrel shroud is
Let's query your secret service and ask how many they have, each. Oh and you @SenFeinstein have your own too, how many? not sold by dozens
Resign
BULLETS.

Fewer bullets.
Ummm. No...
We should limit senators to one armed bodyguard. Why would anyone ever need more than one?
The fact you haven't been voted out yet is mind numbing
Though I disagree with you that gun laws are out dated, it was Pres Obama that made sure bump stocks were sold and they should not be!
What kind of update, senator?
Looking at it another way, letting corporate sell outs and warhawks causes people to go ballistic. So stop electing them. @David4SenateCA
Wow....you're stupid.
No.... it just shows that you can’t legislate everything, it is impossible. Knock off the crap.
The next thing will happen in America no one will be able to own a gun.
Support your 2nd amendment because it guards all your other rights.
So far this year, 11 separate mass murders have been committed and you have said nothing to stop the violent deadly weapon of the automobile
HE WAS A DEMOCRAT(DOSEN'T OBEY GUN LAWS) SHOOTING REPUBLICANS
Again... Scalise and republicans practicing ball.
@ChloeAd35418085 agree!!!!
Wow, an “update”??? Why are you even still a Senator? Please don’t run again, let someone with a real plan in.
How do you update something that legally bought?

Just because you buy a lot of guns doesn’t make you a killer
You really need to go away. You still live in the 70s
Yes Madame Senator, it is long overdue.
Laws only punish after the fact. They do not prevent crime. You admitted nothing would have prevented.  #Clueless
Lithium batteries: instant ban
Random Muslim countries: instant ban
Ppl fleeing war torn country: instant ban
Mass shooting: meh, *crickets*
You are hurting dems.pls retire
An “update”? This tweet needs an update. We need serious federal gun control. Congress must demand it.
How would you recommend taking away the guns ppl already have?
WRONG.
Yup
He bought most of his guns in the last year!How does that NOT put you on a FBI watch list!
Laws don’t stop criminals. Stop being stupid.
Too late. The Supremes have spoken on this many times
God help us find a way to impeach this clown. He is ruining my country. Bernie Sanders could have saved us all from this shit. We’re fucked!
The only thing that needs to be updated is enforcing the law you're trying to use your communist views to bring us to communist rule
@SenFeinstein : Hank Williams jr said it best “I got a shotgun, rifle, and a 4 wheel drive” nowhere in that song mentions “assault weapons”
Please do something. We need to make the violence stop.
It is up to you raise your children to respect life. Dems push it is ok to throw away life, what do you expect?
What you're saying makes no sense. Life is life. It has value.
Why do you want me to pay for his crime?
#18Voter Civil War to flip Congress!
Current laws wouldn't have stopped the murderer. Also, new laws wouldn't stop a murderer.
We are trying to figure out the motive for the Las Vegas killer. I’m trying to figure the motive for Trump trying to lead us inti WWIII.
What are you doing to fix the problem in Chicago?
TRUMP is why we will be strong again
Laws of Feinsteinian dystopia of 2017 to 2117 would not stop the next Paddock nor Charlie Hebdo killers. Nor even the next Oswald or Booth
Yes.  After all it's 2017, not 1788 when the weapon was a musket!
Ma'am I could enhance the fire cycle of A SA/DA 1881 S&W 44 Russian No new tech needed. No bumb  piece needed for an AR15. Tecnique alone
We don't have enough laws! We need more laws!
Is that what you mean?
You need an update and a younger replacement Time to go#Retire
Trump will bring us to our knees. Countries around the world have lost respect for the US. They think we are stupid.
What do we hunt with assault weapons?  People!  Am I crazy?  Damn right I’m crazy. This country is on the way down. It’s a cycle.
Sir you need to be a vegan, no exceptions
Yes you are right. If we were all vegans we wouldn’t need guns to kill our food.
?long have you been in Washington?Bump stocks were approved by Obamadmin. Dems were in complete control and no gun laws.Weird,!NRA
It shows only that no law  the criminal  No law against a tool  a criminal Laws too far/too many makes evenpeople criminals eventually
Just look to California, Feinstein's utopian state. They have all the laws she wants nationally, yet they've failed to stop one shooting.

There's always a way around the law. He could've used many tools. Firearms are but one.

Now the NRA says they won’t support a ban on bump stocks. What?  They want ban a piece of wood?  Fuck the NRA. Give me back my country.
An update would be to teach thou shalt not kill lie steal again. If you want another law be reminded that criminals will not obey law.period
You mean murder. I am sure @SenFeinstein will kill any bad guy coming her way even if the weapon is a bookend.

How much money did they give to Trump. I’m sure it’s more than they ever gave to any candidate in history.
They get most of their money from gun manufacturers and then give it politicians. This is so wrong!
I’ve asked you repeatedly: specifically WHAT law would have prevented LV shooting? From you and other demagogues all I hear is platitudes!
Granny all that hair die is causing issues
Thank you Senator Feinstein.
Obama is responsible for the shooting
The NRA controls our country. How did this happen?
The NRA CO
I don’t think our forefathers would have wanted this cancer in our country.
Isn't anything in place in Register that would have flagged someone he had purchased 42 GUNS? Cmon..
238 years ago the assault rifles and automatic weapons were not invented. Not ever dreamed about. We need to amend the second amendment now!
What part of "shall not be infringed" do you NOT understand?
If passing laws solves everything, pass laws banning forest fires, tornados, hurricanes, etc. Looks great on paper!
The second amendment was written so we could bare arms Why? So we could kill Indians, wild animals, Thanksging wild  turkeys.
THEY NEED A LOT MORE THAN A UPDATE! SERIOUSLY, IF A MAN NEEDS A SEMI AUTO, AUTOMATIC ASSAULT WEAPON To Feel Like a Man, See A SHRINK! STOP!!
Misandrist.
evil doers don't give a rat's ass about your power grabbing laws. earth to Feinstein...
We need to ban more than bump stocks. Work towards a ban on assault weapons and magazine limits
1) Are you able to define assault weapon? 
2) Magazine limits are useless, anyone who wants to do this will just bring more magazines.
Please share one law that would have saved one life ... crickets ... stop the rhetoric
You're 84...what have you been doing this whole time other than complaining about it
Simple; if we treated guns like we treat cars it would solve the problem and we don't need an amendment to guarantee the right to drive.
Every gun would be registered with the state, and have insurance!
Not true.There are no laws for purchase or ownership of cars.Those laws only cover cars operated on state or locally maintained roads.
Please educate yourself on bump stocks. The NRA is faking you out, pretending to yield on something, but it's really a non-issue for them.
We have been here before!! Nothing was done then why will anything change now???
The laws don’t need an update the only thing we need is the liberal left out, and that includes you. Time for you to retire, you are out of touch....
And if the gun laws are not updated, those that make the law need to be.
You need updated!
To a politician, every problem looks like it needs a new law, to a carpenter it needs to be hit with a hammer.  You can't legislate sanity.
No, Dianne, it shows that madmen are born every day, most of those mad men are Democrats.
Right on Senator!
Approx 300 ppl are killed annually in US by rifle fire (out of 330,000,000). More die by knives or fists. There is no "gun problem".
Maybe you should read this:http://www.issues4life.org 
Update some laws in California to prevent these wild fires.
Draft a bill for the EPA to do something before we all drown from ice melt !
Never waste a crisis!
Update is translated as " take away our rights"
If only murder were illegal. .then bad ppl wouldn't kill other ppl.
Yeap, more laws would of stopped this....Really!
McVey 168 bomb. Jones 900 Coolaid. Fifty school kids 1929 bomb. L.A. 89 yr old killed 10-car. Ny bar 85-gasoline. List is long w/out guns.
It seems that gun sellers do not care who they sell to
Get it straight the shooting was Obama. Not gun dealers
We need an update in senate...remove all old senators who way passed retirement age! Need new law aka term limit!
The principal law of concern ignored by the Las Vegas shooter is that of Murder... Hopefully we'll find out why soon.
The fact that yall let @realDonaldTrump do whatever he wants with no consequences shows that needs an update
So does CNN
They want to ban the same guns the feds are selling to terrorists around the globe , tells you what’s really going on...
Not that I don't agree with you, but didn't you just say no law could have prevented this mass shooting?
He is spot on

Agreed. I'm eager to see what mental health legislation you plan on recommending for congress.
Do you not realize how these brainless tweets just show you to be the biggest do-nothing in Congress?  No, you don't get it, sorry.
Your uninformed opinion won't stop anything. Getting rid of bump stocks will stop nothing.
The UPdate would be a Whole NEW Congre$$ of Qualfied WOMEN! Wait thats redunant;) TIME4 US Move into 21C
If u make it harder 4 law abiding citizens 2 get guns, only criminals will have them. How do u stop a bad guy w/ a gun? A good guy w/ a gun
Funny , he didn’t have to buy anything when the CIA and FBI are handing out these weapons like they are candy...  stop covering this up
Before pulling the trigger, the only thing #StephenPaddock did that was illegal was to break a couple of hotel windows. #VegasShooting
So You would be fine if your son or daughter was at a event & some guy bought 47 guns, a lot Semi auto assault weapons. Buys a bump stalk
MURDER IS ILLEGAL-You Globalist Parasite-Wanna keep Americans Safe? Deport #DACA Caca https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WCRKv-szJlo … You Should quit while a head
The fact more ppl get shot a wknd n Chicago despite strictest gun laws n the country shows gun laws dont keep them out of hands of criminals

FACT: You need an update! Do you support abortion Dianne? Abortions kill more innocent babies 10 to 1 over firearms! & is govt. funded!
They are not babies, stop spreading lies.
AT CONCEPTION: They are a human life! To me that is a baby! That life can't defend itself! I believe that!
I do not, that is why you cannot choose for me. Respect women’s choice.
WOMEN CHOICES: To choose partners with reversible vasectomies or IUD implants, prophylactics, the pill, Ect. Once conception not a choice!
No law that you can think of will stop these things from happening. Tell us what u have in mind and let the people think of the consequences
This is a flawed argument. Then why outlaw muster if people will kill anyway? Why have any laws at all if criminals will break them?
The Las Vegas gunman did something illegal... therefore if a law was in place, he would have broken it to attain his goal. #cynical
No, it means that laws are ineffective in preventing this type of evil. Help CA and prevent giving our tax $ to illegals. Build the wall!
No law would have prevented this tragedy period. Be realistic. Stop using this platform as ur campaign. U haven’t done anything so time2 go
The most dangerous weapon on this earth is the human brain. All any act (good or evil) takes, is the will of a single man.
You are such a sane voice!  I'm stuck with Cruz &  Cornyn.  Any ideas for liberals  in a very red state?
The passage of S.1919 is needed to make forward progress for gun safety. If we take this one step it will be a beginning of the brainstorm.
Those who are committed to perpetrating acts of evil need only the motivation. The guns were simply a tool with which to carry out the act.
No such thing as "liberal" logic.. oxymoron 
And no bill will. People are ignoring the MAN with mental health issues, just to ban guns which will do more harm then good.
The Vegas shooter was NO way Mentally ill.  It's the Democrats and Media saying that to push gun control. That's what that is.
You have only yourself to blame with the list you compiled. No one had a say in this.
No law we have or will have could have stopped this madness. If he could not have used guns. He would have used something else.
He likely would have caused more damage with a large truck.
Until then, we all have blood on our hands. Actions needed. Prayers ain't cuttin it and God has nothing to do with it.
Actions 
You need to be updated.
