And even better, get government out of healthcare completely.
Yes because that has totally worked before.
Please point to one example of socialized medicine that isn't a) indentured servitude b) inferior care or c) extremely inefficient
Almost everywhere but the US
You clearly aren't well read on socialized medicine or you'd know how little choice patients have
I don't need to be "well read." I live in Canada.  Our health care system focuses on patients, not profits.
And profits are incentive for providing good care
Let's get it done now!
How about putting congress on Obamacare then the obstructionist (democrats) may get off their asses and work for the people.
We need single payer period and all the Senators and members of congress should pay for their own coverage. I am tired of paying for it.
Well this is interesting. We may indeed not need it, if congress takes the proper steps to repeal and reform. They could simply spend less,
End the monopolies and open up competition, and then we can get quality healthcare without monopolies, while also having a higher standard
Of living. So congress can take multiple routes if they have the balls to stand up to private insurance.
Even better -- Medicare for all! #SB562
Stop stringing us along Sen. Feinstein The more we wait for D.C. to pass laws for Single Payer, the more people die & politicians get richer
Diane, you tell the funniest jokes! 
Wonderful suggestion! However, I doubt the Republicans will ever consider it.
What a happy day if our government could truly work that way and they could get stuff done!
MEDICARE FOR ALL!!
How about a public option? Time to seriously debate Single-Payer.
You mean just the way dems did when they passed it.
Get just the R and D women together over lunch add some wine, and they'll have a comprehensive plan by dinner! Congresswomen rock!!!
Oh my goodness that's so true! Women will definitely get it done for the good of all Americans!
Why then are Democrats continuing their boycott of participating?   All you and Showboat Harris do it tweet? GOYA and DO Something
Agree :)
Sounds so simple. Unfortunately is too rational for  GOP.
Too much of a pissing contest partywise instead of sincerely working together....a sick Republican is no different than a sick Democrat
If it's about nat. wide healthcare, it needs to be strictly about healthcare instead of whatever needless riders most are attaching to it.
They have no interest in Healthcare. The #GOP wants a tax cut for their donors. They call it healthcare to con the rubes voting for them.
Based on what facts?
that's exactly what you didn't do in the passage of #Obamacare! When did all that become the right thing to do?
Increasingly tax carbon to pay for lowering the eligibility age for Medicare by 4 years every year. Next.
@POTUS is destroying Americans by allowing our Obama care to go away. We need a replacement before you destroy millions of lives.
Democrats put party line ahead of the public.  This party of obstructionist offers nothing but hate.

Tell that to Nancy P who could screw up a one car funeral!
When is anyone going to present a bill for TERM LIMITS
Here's how we can improve healthcare: government gets its big fat nose out of healthcare.
Both parties working together to better things for everyone?! That's a, pipe dream /sadface
Yes!! 
Let's acknowledge how far behind we are from the rest of the civilised world. We The People Demand #SinglePayerNow
Why don't you invite yourselves to their lunch time meeting! Stand infringed of the White House and say we are here!
Prob. Is GOP doesn't believe in science AND Ins Co's not being held accountable for rate hikes. #indiasurgery #insuranceCosucks
Ma'am that's not what you liberals did when you shoved it down our throats
WOW absolutely the only best thing ever heard coming out of ur mouth WAY TO GO! 
And maybe start at a good halfway point ... what about starting with ACA and making it better? After all, Americans like most of it!
That's code for "GOP, stand aside and let Schumer and Pelosi do what their donator's want".
..and then get the hell out of OUR healthcare! NOW!
Bipartisan legislation = the path to the best America. Dissect the pros/cons and vote for what can help people, not what helps the party.
A President w/no real interest in policy. A majority leader w/no interest in collaboration.  It's rotten at the top. Healthcare gang of 8
That sounds like just another display of politician grandstanding-and another opportunity for pandering to Corp Med. #MedicareForAll
Make it about providing access to health care, not financing insurance company profits.
I pray u are working on a answer to fix the ACA unlike the do nothing repubs of the last 7 yrs!  Less gloat more work!
Or don't do that  again and just do single payer.
thank you!
@ToniDragon6540 Repugs don't want to face their know nothing healthcare knowledge. Dems have PhD
Please work with @SenKamalaHarris and rational Reps to fix glitches in #Obamacare
Does secrecy include "we have to pass it to find out what's in it"?
Nice gotcha. Unfortunately that was always taken out of context and not Pelosi's intent. There were many public hearings for ACA.
I'm half trolling here. I know Pelosi was mostly referring to the /impact/ of ACA with that comment.
I am a Trump supporter and I agree with you 100%....please reach across the isle and lets great a American Care Act bill on the Potus' desk
Wrong: Progressives already know what the Majority of Americans want: Single-Payer #MedicareforAll. It's our taxes. Use them wisely,Senator.
After the Repeal, maybe!
I have a solution don't exempt yourselves from having to be part of whatever it is y'all come up with I'm sure it would improve greatly then
Don't repeal and replace...FIX IT!
Nothing to debate. Data shows ACA works. @gop plan was just a forced racial revenge tactic.
Maybe if that was done the first go around before ACA then it wouldn't be in such a mess.
End the secrecy of Establishment DC corruptuon.
Here's how we can improve health care: Get people who actually know what the heck they are doing or stay out! You & Washington are useless!
You need to come up with a way to limit/control costs, which Obama care didn't do.
Sadly, the democrats refuse & only look to obstruct, demean Trump voters, say the most vile things about Trump, his wife & kids.
Sad for US.
It took you 7 yrs. to figure this out?
Wow that makes sense. Kinda how it should work. Now just get the others to play by the same rules!!!!
Yes please
Please Diane we are counting on you
Here's how we can make health care work let free market work get government OUT!!
And research how so many countries have great Healthcare and Happy, Healthy people. The world is genuinely puzzled w US.
Let's hope cooler heads will prevail ~~~~ A bi-partisan approach might work
Keep saying that but no one is listening. Dems must write new fixes to Obamacare asap

Exactly!  So logical!  Why can't our representatives think like this and not Republican vs Democrat!
You don't need to convince most of us about this. It's the GOP that needs the convincing.
End the govt handouts
But democrats won't come together on anything except chasing a Russia story that has no substance Confirm POTUsnominees for govt do your job

Obama's complaints about Republicans stopping his agenda are BS since he had full control for two years. He can never take responsibility.
Novel idea! Did you think that up? Others should know about it. Has anyone ever tried it?
Wouldn't that be nice! And when can we expect that to happen?? Hmmm?
Or.......let some super smart private sector people come up with a solution that is not political.
You should retire. How many more experts you want to hear? Apply your ideas in California and leave us out of drama. Done with all Dems.

Obama's complaints about Republicans stopping his agenda are BS since he had full control for two years. He can never take responsibility.
Ask Canada how to do it
Please include governors in input.  They are experts on their state's needs. @JohnKasich
That would be too hard for @SenateGOP, & it wouldn't undermine the Black dude's legacy. 
Get the heck out of everyone's business and quit taxing the crap out of everything,  there were doctors before there was a government
Yes but it would save time and $ to just Amend Affordable Care Act as you suggested and move on for now.
Justfund a big empty room and go for it!
Find! Muni drivers seem to find every hole in the road
Like you did with Obamacare...Dianne ?? Lying and hypocrisy !
Do it with whatever R's will show up.
Now that's a plan! And this public input says...fix what's broken on ACA! Like high prescription costs and medical costs!
More competition and free markets.
Maybe if the Democrats had done this 7 years ago maybe we wouldn't have such a failed system right now
Yes, Russ! Pretty discussed with our Republican Friends!

Obama's complaints about Republicans stopping his agenda are BS since he had full control for two years. He can never take responsibility.
Sounds good
You mean talk - between Democrats and Republicans?  Or horrors!!!
Yup
Let it collapse! Sick of all Dems and Repubs!! Do your damn jobs!!
We don't want single payer!!!!
thank for this and all you are doing for us!  Stay strong!
Please look at H Truman's plan. Either private ins or Medicare -- people could choose either.  Dems get single payer, GOP get private ins.
Just like obamacare? You're disgusting
Thank you for looking out for us and fighting the #treasonousGOP #GOP #voteouttheGOP
Obstructunist
... also:
a. stop reinventing the wheel and 
b. don't fix what's not broken
Medicare for all. Like every other civilized country on earth. We already spend more money. Spend it on patients, not shareholders.
Wow. Why didn't Mitch think of that! What is it going to take to make this happen @senategop? We're sick and tired of the infighting.
The govt has never improved anything, just made it more expensive and reduced efficiency. End the over reach!
Please remind us all of why ACA was enacted. Facts.
First we have to get that traitor out of the White House
#SinglePayerNow #MedicareForAllNow
This is how we improve healthcare, #SinglePayer , #MedicareForAll why cant you say that?
Medicare for all, or get Primaried!
That's a good solution!
Yes please!
Here's how we can improve healthcare.. retire old bItches who have been in the senate for a million years and done nothing but make money $$
That's how  gets done! Thank you!
There's too much crap in Obamacare that the Democrats put their. It doesn't need to be there. Repeal it and start over
How about supporting the markets until reasonable democratic policies can be applied to ensure insurance NOW!
Imagine the headline next year: Women of the Senate "Bare Arms" and Make History! Female Bi-Partisan Committee Fixes Healthcare For GOOD!
We need public input from those on Obamacare. Not more political debate. Just real facts from people who have it.
I hear so many comments from people who hate their coverage. Others screaming to get rid of ACU. Why? I LOVE my insurance right now.
I have a simple suggestion.

Why can't every person who is on Obamacare fill out a survey about their policy. Then we'll know. Good or bad?
Yes, Agree! and the result, if you don't just listen to insurance companies and ideologues, will be Medicare for all!
Dems didn't allow the GOP to join them the last go 'round.

Obama's complaints about Republicans stopping his agenda are BS since he had full control for two years. He can never take responsibility.
Your there Republicans DON' T CARE
repubs want dems help now. Color me skeptical but i think they [repubs] want them [dems] to do all the work!
Just like you did with ACA?
Tell Donald the Democrats are Russians and maybe he'll collude with them.
Thank you Dianne! This is the most sane tweet I've seen on #Healthcare to date!! Both parties Work together & don't try to screw us over!
That's just way to logical, actually democratic. 
 GOP will never buy it. It really is a nice idea though.
Be American. We are deliberative. Also, ignore temper tantrums from the Oval Office.
Deede, the @TheDemocrats led by @SenSchumer said they would not work with @GOP
Just like "we have to pass the bill to see what's inside it"... Dems are jokes.  #doublestandards

Obama's complaints about Republicans stopping his agenda are BS since he had full control for two years. He can never take responsibility.
Great solution Senator @SenFeinstein!
Good idea Senator if you  do not televise, ban opening statements ,grandstanding for camera time.etc. amateurish ,predictable HS debates
With respect, Senator, how can we improve health care? Kick the Dunpster out of office in 2020. No "working with" this admin. None. #Resist
Why should republicans work with dem when dems rammed Obama care down everybody!
your experts created the mess with your process which was of lies, deceit, goodies to big pharma & insurance, and statistics.


Obama's complaints about Republicans stopping his agenda are BS since he had full control for two years. He can never take responsibility.
My thoughts exactly
@SenFeinstein that is a logical response based on what's best for the country...clearly you know that has no place in the current GOP agenda
Gruber (who?) on Obamacare!
Make all health insurers in every state participate or they don't sell any health insurance to anyone including politicians.
Make sure the health plan has to be used by all Congress members.  Only then, will they truly be invested in a decent outcome.
Sounds good but for them it's all about getting Obama!
It would be refreshing to actually see work being done on behalf of the ppl & not big businesses.
Yes do the work
Thats far too logical for these bumbling fools
This sounds like the best idea in a long time leave no1 behind on Healthcare I hope you work well together thank you 4 your service Senator
Just make YOU use same as US
Bet y'all will come up with an amazing plan... 
INSTANTLY, then. Huh
Impeaching Trump would improve my health. Good luck trying to reason with this administration.
Bravo!
Sounds so easy to do. Trump stands in the way of any sincere negotiations
Absolutely correct!! Both parties
Publicly call them out on their bullshit, we'll back you Senator, you know that.
Yes....normal politics. with honor and integrity. thats what the American people want.
The Republicans will never go for it. It's not underhanded enough.
I thought that was exactly what Congress was supposed to do.All of you should give up your health care benefits since you didn't do your job
Senator, winning the house in '18 and impeaching that lying cheeto would improve my health.
Hear, hear
Second meeting could have been purely Trump business.  He gives back the two properties and Melania/Trump's get to do business in Russia.
That would require a good faith effort by the Republicans. They'd have to admit that the ACA is pretty good as it is and only needs tweaking
Thank you for your support and common sense.
We need a Health System out of the hands of the Private sector paid for by us and run by medical professionals  Only hope for the USA
That would've been awesome in 2009!
Yes! So why does Trump refuse to listen? Because he won't be able to get his tax cuts.
Single Payer!
Makes too much sense.  DENIED!
Oh, you mean, just like the ACA did.  As if it were Congress, not the Koch brothers.
SENATOR I AGREE WITH YOU! UNITE !THAT WAY THERE IS NO ARGUMENT!
Only after you have totally eviscerated & shamed @SenateMajLdr who made it his mission to destroy the plans of @BarackObama and ruin the US
Unfortunately it's not possible with #FakePresident propped up by global money laundering criminals.
URGENT need for #25thAmendmentNow .
I agree! We need bipartisanship!
Or make it Free. Willing to pay a bit higher taxes

we cant improve healthcare while people like you are paid to block #singlepayer
End the partisan bickering. Ask the physicians. Talk to patients. Listen.
Its common sense. Thank you for fighting for us. 
Seriously. It's not brain surgery. It's just putting people ahead of politics. The Country needs Congress to step up.  Lives are at stake.
Good luck with Trump and team..
that would be the norm with President Bush but not anymore. We have a Russian spy in our White House
How can everyone not agree with this. Let's #MAGA together!!
