Trump personally interviewed U.S. attorney candidates http://politi.co/2yCo98R  
'MAY' be trying to influence? It is a pattern with him! Make him stop. Cant impeach? Pass legislation to curtail these kinds of shenanigans.
Ya think?  I'm sure you are as shocked as everyone that the biggest liar in history of American politics wd try undue influence.
Do we need to makes laws to enforce this and future POTUS from taking such blatant advantage of norms and very essence of Checks/Balances?
Please stop him.
Try supporting @realDonaldTrump .
Your Trump Russian collusion is a bust.
Obama Clinton collusion is being ignored & will result in jail.
Why? Be honest with yourself. Do you really feel @realDonaldTrump is doing this for the country? Please, this whole act is about only him.
President Trump is 1 signature.
Congress & Senate hold true power.
Open your mind. Ppl suffered for 16 years, now we have a divided country.
Yes and he uses that signature in excess. Agree on long standing problems but he’s taking us deeper in the wrong direction
Wrong direction, regarding what?
World trade, racism, immigration, divisiveness, environmental protection, healthcare
Trade doing well
Racism & divisiveness thanks Obama & Dems
Immigration laws ignored by Dems
Environment just fine
Healthcare  by Dems
In your dreams. Wake up!  GOP ignorants use Obama as a scapegoat for everything. You must mean the fact that a black man was in power.
@politico @POTUS but when Obamacare interviewed candidates, you had no problem with that. Double standard by the left!
How long does this go on? Seems fairly simple when Trump told Lester Holt he fired Comey "because of Russia thing". That's obstruction!
What else do they need? Trump lies constantly. It's ridiculous. GOP needs to quit beating around the bush. This guy is a CRIMINAL not Pres!
A very MINIMUM.  Most likely more nefarious than that.
He wants a loyalty pledge. Trump is NOT a patriot. He is a con-artist who cares only about himself, a clear danger to our democracy.
Trump pledge: "I swear to lie, set women back 40 yrs, support rich white males, shaft students, grab crotches. And blame Obama 4 everything
Or having them sign non-disclosures and loyalty oaths.
What could possibly go wrong?
At a minimum. And even if that’s all he did, he surely implied a lot more.
It is obvious...knowing Trump.  Quid pro quo....
Senator, it appears there is no person in this administration who has any kind of sense of right or wrong.
They do. They just don't care.
Of course Trump is looking for loyalty. Thats what Dictators do. He'll soon have appointed ovet 100 Judges, needs influence on prosecutors.
At a minimum.  And as we all know....@realDonaldTrump likes to go BIG. What does that tell us?
#25thAmemdment #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendmentMarch
Can he be stopped? If so, by whom? If not, why?
Wow, You are saying that the President should NOT interview federal judgeship candidates? That is pure democrat resistance Bull 
Senator, it's not just "optics" it's #ethics (or lack thereof) This admin has brazen disregard for #COI https://twitter.com/shapingyouth/status/921560663377326081 … #MakeItStop
@CREWcrew when does the conflict of interest pile up become palpable to the public? Attorney emoji needs tipped scales #ethics #notnormal https://twitter.com/PreetBharara/status/920705374939959296 …
Impeachment is divisive. Maybe the elder statesman of Carter, Bush, Clinton, Bush & Obama speak as one; to usher a peaceful resignation.
The bully sends signals, he does not want to lead a democratic society but be CEO of his USA corporation .  Please tell him we're not Russia
Really and what was the appearance of the conversation of DOJ Loretta Lynch and Mr Clinton on the tarmac??? DNC and dems have tunnel vision
I believe that POTUS IS RESIDING IN EVERY LIBERALS HEAD! The reactions he elicits from you & your ilk is living proof!
Once we get rid of him we must put in laws in place of "norms" for proper behavior, i.e., please don't eat the daisys.
It’s called leadership, you just don’t recognize it since we have had none from the Democratic Party of a long time
why shouldn't POTUS interview people he might nominate? be nice to know who you are recommending.
More than appearance, Diane. This traitorous SOB and predatory fascist is obstructing justice.
Majority all know he is a crook & did not win election fairly, emoluments, breaks the constitution, racist, bigoted lying treasonous crook!
Disgusted with all of it! I want to know who in the hell is doing anything to stop him? W/all due respect either take action or zip it!
At what point does a group of you all get together and shut him down?! There’s no way this can be acceptable, if even legal...
WHY is he allowed to continue shredding our democracy from the WH?
Loyalty pledge + intimidation

Goon squad tactics!!
Time for @FBI to look into this obstruction of justice a well.
so are they now un-confirmable? It seems to me that you need to ask some strong questions & stop confirming his toadies.
@POTUS has shown us over & over again, he only cares about himself, profits & not all the people of this nation or our constitution.
The never-ending search for “loyalty”
Let's not forget this is a POTUS who fired the FBI Director for a lack of loyalty pledge. What will he extract from US Attorneys?
I suggest the person(s) interviewing lie.
Any candidate that gets interviewed by Trump should be disqualified all together from consideration.
Trump is pushing for corrupt courts just like they have in Russia  You have the power to stop him Please use it
Attys. DT interviewed R for District Trump Tower is in in NYC>   Big Abuse of Power?
You mean like they way you guys try to influence or elicit inappropriate commitments in your hearings
Why are you so negative? Did it ever occur to you that you could be wrong about anything?
No, no. Can’t do this.
At a MINIMUM, you give lip service to caring about the American people. In reality, you only care about making your donors happy
What the hell is an inappropriate commitment?   That’s a BS statement and you know it.  It’s a hit job and you know it.  Desperate?
Your disgusting what about JOHN KELLY ON THE NEWS WHERE IS THAT STORY
Well, Congress & Executive branch have broken with the Constitution, the goal must be to ruin the judicial branch too.
Of course he is...loyalty to him not the law!
There is a sinister Corleone-like style to his actions. As Biden says he has no concept of how this government works. Or what is decency.
He is so bad.  His soul is black.
U ppl never understood how u being dupped 2Day smokescreen Real news Benghazi Medical Examination Trial #WAKEUP
Are you crazy lady? Were you in on deal? Get moving on this-Act like you r a person of integrity https://twitter.com/politicalshort/status/920271652667015173 … Please don't 
FBI uncovered Russian bribery plot before Obama admin approved controversial nuclear deal with Moscow. This is BIG. http://thehill.com/policy/national-security/355749-fbi-uncovered-russian-bribery-plot-before-obama-administration … 
May be trying, create the appearance. Devious stayement from someone attempting to slander the president.
Guess what appearance you create
Please to meet you, hope you guess my name ...
This is totally out of order! Where are our “checks & balances” to prevent this type of unethical behavior? Why isn’t Congress raising hell?
There aren’t enough checks n balances because the creators couldn’t have imagined the American people electing such a horrible person
Congress isn’t raising hell because there scared of him, his base and losing out on their agenda. McCain n corker the only courageous reps
He is stuffing Court to get away w his crimes. When do you actually stand up?
SENATOR U need 2 keep him out of that U & rest of Ur fellow DEMS up there&I personally don't think U R doing enough 2 unseat HUMPTY TRUMPTY
Given his history with Comey it is highly likely!
It seems this should be illegal? Aren't they supposed to be independent? He's looking for a corrupt US attorney and if he has a hand in choosing him/her, sorry, but they'll probably be corrupt.
Don’t be sorry. That is EXACTLY what they will be.
Could it be that he's just trying to get a sense of the human being? People can mask themselves, esp on paper, but not as easily in person.
This has got to stop! #Impeach
This is not ok, not close.
Why does congress let him get away with all these unethical and amoral actions? @GOPoversight
#youstandwithRussia
Call @SenFeinstein tomorrow. Demand impeachment proceedings! #ImpeachTrump #TheResistance
He needs to be impeached!...and by elicit we all understand CORRUPT! MOB like, elicit criminal activity! You guys need to #ImpeachTrump NOW!
....could be!!....but I also think it's a power thing with Trump!!
Authorities on Wednesday arrested an illegal immigrant suspected of starting an illegal campfire believed to have ignited a growing Northern California blaze that destroyed 10 homes, damaged five others and threatened hundreds more. So good for u feinstein
at a minimum it confirms the complete lack of ethics and respect for any norms by this power hungry pathetic and scary excuse of a creature
"Appearance"? Senator, I would like to see you stand up to him much more forcefully.
Do you not interview those you hire?
So you say.
Agreed.  What is congress going to do about this?
@SenFeinsteinIsn't there and ethical oversight anymore? If Clinton met a potential appointee, Fox&Fiends would shit kittens!!
That's not the minimum. He's a liar and trying to get out of crimes he did in NY. That's the minimum.
Now would be a good time for you to publicly support your colleagues in the House who have called to #ImpeachTrump.
#impeach
I love Sen Feinstein. She is that rare leader who is not to be trifled with as she will seriously f*ck you up! Rock on, Dianne!
With his man... if it looks like a duck... he's influencing. #25thAmendmentNow
Ya think?  only Trump the thug thinks it's ok
Always!
Trump requires sworn oath of allegiance unto him.
Probably make them sign NDAs!
Thank you for posting this.
@politico For Trump the law is a fly to be swatted. He has never been held accountable. His goal is to divide and sell USA.
Nothing this President does can be minimized anymore.
Looks like and smells like Obstruction
Give it time & you'll be able to step in it. 
Do you hereby pledge thy loyalty to moi?
Also, just interviewing NY DC attorneys? Trump Tower, Trump Soho, Trump WASHINGTON...
Wonder why.
Conflict of Interest much?
how is this NOT a conflict of interest
where is the OUTRAGE
You hypocrite
I hope I can volunteer for you. Thank you for all that you do. I hope I can meet you some day.
And what did Bill Clinton’s tarmac meeting with Lynch create an appearance of - at a minimum!
HaHA TRYING, he is doing it !!!!
But if Obamacare did it, you would be applauding - so giving hypocrisy a big YAWN - please retire
Of course he is. We have seen his demand for “loyalty “
trump is a criminal.
Business as usual for DJT.  Transparent motives but can he be stopped? It's frustrating to see US being held hostage by a unscrupulous man.
@SenFeinstein @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC @oge #TraitorTrump  looking for a #LoyaltyOath is #Unconstitutional #WeSEEyourCorruptionTrump!
Wouldn't that be an impeachable offense in and of itself?
So People who do business in America can't be in political office because of conflict of interest? Unless ur a Liberal then it's manditory!
Yes, it really does.
Loyalty loyalty loyalty...aka favors favors corruption
Since when does Pres interview US attorney candidates???
The appearance???? We are way past that, Senator.
Democrats are full of hate. Its evident every time one speaks.
Wrong. All wrong
So happy to see someone who counts aware of this.
tRump has no clue he shouldn’t be interviewing NY candidates. Totally clueless #TrumpIsAMoron
So what are you doing about this? Losing confidence in Congress's ability to stop this amoral fish.
What a crook @realDonaldTrump
@SenFeinstein so tell me PLEASE, knowing this has occurred, WHAT are you & others going to do about it to Protect this Country? #TrumpResign
At a maximum he's trying to hire loyalists to protect him. BLOCK every nominee he meets with.
That is a great idea! Slow down the government even more! Idiot...
You're funny. He should hire associates who work for Kasowitz or Guliani? Now who's the idiot?
Unlike you, I read up on the topic. If you did and don't see the problem you should stop tweeting.
Trump intvwd people at Giuliani firm and Kasowitz firm for US attorney jobs in NY, sources tell @davidgshortell, me. http://www.cnn.com/2017/10/19/politics/trump-us-attorney-interviews/index.html …
Feinstein you better get on the Trump train or you'll lose your reelection.We want change not foreigners making our laws.American voters 1st
You aren't even capable of respecting the Constitution and do absolutely nothing for #California #articlesix
Sen. Feinstein is not opposing the US Constitution, nor is she suggesting religious tests for office.

Trump, however, has violated the Constitution in many ways - starting from the moment he was sworn in as POTUS, by continuing to receive payments from foreign governments.
If you value the US Constitution, stop supporting a nominal-POTUS who blatantly violates it.
How come every time I see Diane or Lindsey Graham going off on TV they Have BLOODSHOT EYES?
No it doesn't, your just trying to set the seed, you took an oath, your oath is to all Americans, not your base, you want division.
He is trying to hire people with low intelligence for fallguys .
Maybe trying? No doubt about it, he's setting up future representation.
Question now is 'Who is brave enough to introduce Articles of Impeachment on trump & company?'
Please be the One Senator
So you would never interview people working for you? You're living in fantasy land. Tell me again about 30 magazine clips.
No he wants people not tied to Feinsteins swamp. Overwhelming evidence of Clinton collusion and silence....you are to old for this job.
Certainly: he wants yes men and loyalty oaths. He acts as if people are working for him, not the country. He and they are civil servants!
How long willl it take to get this dim witted person out of office?    Why is he tolerated


Striking likeness to Alfonso Capone!
This despicable administration brings up the separation of powers when it is convenient for them
Just impeach the cretin and be done with it.
This is another scandal....wait for it. Presidents don’t do this.
It's trump, that's exactly what he's doing. When is it enough corruption before he's impeached?
"the lord works in mysterious ways"
Should have met with them in a plane at the Phoenix airport. Dems apparently have no problem with that.
You know that is EXACTLY what he is doing
@politico Like everything else with this admin, totally inappropriate! Why is he still allowed to make a mockery of our USA ?
Keep hating and dividing Dianne.... how much was your mansion again?? Tell us about your amazing health plan again... that's what I thought

Uranium deal to Russia, with Clinton help and Obama Administration knowledge, is the biggest story that Fake Media doesn't want to follow!
#Impeach #Impeach #Impeach #Impeach #Impeach #Impeach #Impeach #25AmendmentNow Whatever it takes until #JusticeLeague takes them down.

This is a big deal and deserves a lot of scrutiny. PS - Mr. T is crude & bombastic. Perhaps if more of a gentleman he'd be more successful.
I applaud Senators Cruz and Sanders for a good debate. They were true gentlemen through and through. Thanks guys.
hello lovely dear hope you are doing great ?
Complaining is all I ever hear.  No one does anything about it.
And demanding loyalty to him and not the Constitution.
Abuse of power. How will this be handled?
Ya think!
Trump must go. Our government/nation is not his personal play pen.
Trying to protect his interests.
Isn't he allowed to be involved in the hiring process?
He could care less. He's gotten away with EVERYTHING! E-V-E-R-Y-T-H-I-N-G!!!!  Not one second of accountability 4 all the crooks in DT Admin
Of course he is!    Sneaky as usual!    
And we know Trump never does anything minimally.  Interior design... cheating....
So DO something, goddamn. We know he's a corrupt colluding wreck of a man. All we get are "Oh My" and "Tsk Tsk." Does he need to start a war
If the Administration is going to take the right to choose judges from the states then Atty. Gen. Sessions can give up his right to secrecy.

You should make the shift away from Trump  and onto @kdeleon and @TomSteyer
What's new. .he is  a crook
When will he be charged with obstruction? It's so plainly obvious! #25thAmendmentNow
We know he doesn't do anything at a minimum. Trump's trying to protect himself from future charges in these districts. Period.
@politico That is, at a minimum, EXACTLY what he's doing & in plain sight.
As usual.
Example: "Russia, if you're listening..."
All he has to do is talk to CNN and they will make up comments for him. How about you go get shouted down at another dreamer rally.
@jeffsessions is proving that #DT & his buddies are covering lots of corruption & want more cronies in judiciary positions to cover 4 them
And I believe it includes smethng shady re NAFTA continuing. Strange behaviour around that. Canada may be more 'threat' than Mexico. Why?
Trump’s loyalty pledge...

He Is Satin & Those Not Speaking Out But Choose Complicity Are His Lost Souls  Sad..... 
There is no create! It’s part of his cover up!!
He can
so what are yall going to do? we're tired, ma'am.
Can you authorize the FBI Informant on Uranium One Deal to speak to Congress & media? Silence on corruption is never good.
You know Russia has nukes already right, Bryan?
So... what’s that have to do with the deal?
Typical alt left with the hate filled name calling comments... good luck with that in life! You’ll need it!
@SenFeinstein #DT is scared of what the fair judiciary will find & wants to stack the deck w/his own cronies! #corruption is rampant!
I keep asking WHY is this low life allowed to do these things and remain in the WH
My, that’s comforting.
Is @potus not supposed to conduct these interviews? How have other Presidents approached this matter? I’m curious.
Again, oh, please.  He's only there to influence things for his personal benefit.
Very weak response, Senator.
That is a very generous assessment. It would be very interesting to hear the actual content of those discussions, say, under oath.
I'm starting to like George W. I mean to be fair he did have 2 events during his term.  9/11 then the financial collapse.
Of course he is
hello how are you doing Pretty ?
Why is everyone letting him get away with everything. Others were brought down for a great deal less. I just don't get it!
Just like Trump was trying to do with Comey!  But didn't get his way so he fired him!
What's a little loyalty pledge between a crook under investigation and a state attorney  candidate in a state he's suspected of crime in 

It’s ok..you’re fine as your head, and other @realDonaldTrump supporters is safely in your ass. Wake up and see what this guy really is
Until you and other Dems start objecting to unanimous consent, your protestations ring hollow.  Your base grows weary of the rhetoric.
Not nearly as suspicious as Clinton firing all US attorneys once he got into the White House, not as bad as Mueller's Clinton coverup.
Because he (always) is!
And what will you do....
