(2/2) The president seems to think the rule of law doesn’t apply to him. It does, a lesson he needs to learn.
Yes!
Trump says he did nothing wrong, so have to wonder what he's afraid of. If he did nothing wrong there's nothing for investigators to find.
They have been investigating for 8 Mo's, not found anything yet.
It's a slow process. They just informed Trump he's officially under investigation. Now they have the power of subpoena. So hang on tight...
So, the law doesn't apply to your good friend, Hillary. Where have you been the last 8 yrs with your corrupt party. Hypocracy abounds.

That's #Trump & his supporters go 2 every time the crooked @realDonaldTrump is caught in another scandal. They hv noth else 2 defend him wth
Caught?  What did he get caught doing? Remember the msm and Russian colluding liberals have yet to show ONE fact.
You ppl are so blind to facts presented. I believe you all share 1 brain & hope that you don't breed to stop the genes of stupidity passd on
But you haven't stated ONE fact.
You have 25 followers. Fact.
Darn it PrezVonClownstick I was ready to point that out! lol you beat me to it.
I m afraid too and if it happens, well, thats it. There is something that I can't explain but he can do anything he wants  right? Get mean!!
TAKE DOWN IVANKA AND JARED FIRST. THEY BROKE THE LAW IN NY SO MANY TIMES IT'S SICKENING.
(1)Trump has loaded the checks & balances!With the GOP enabling him he will continue to do as he pleases. Been saying for mths
(2) DJT is in this to line his pockets!Bannon to destroy democracy,GOP just wants their agenda passed at any cost to Americans
Excellent synopsis!
And the liberals will continue to collude with the Russians to undermine our.  Country.
lmao! I love these trolls. Gives me a Lol.
Get a life and learn some respect
That would be another case of obstruction of justice!  What the hell is happening to our country?
Um. I just do what I want. Decorum, dignity, self-respect, virtue, basic human decency, a sense other people have needs 2 - SO not my deal.
TRUMP2020
Truth , TRUMP2020
This could lead to obstruction of justice by the Trump administration
#revolutionreadytoengage  #watergate
Subpoena them ALL, #ImpeachTrumpNow
This has to stop somewhere. We can't allow a #Dictator to take over Our Country
That's why we didn't elect Hillary. Clintons are truly a plague. Trump is innocent.
Not likely!
I'm concerned that he will not get impeached because money and power in this country goes very far
Is there anything anyone can do to prevent this from happening?
Why aren't you under investigation for treason?
TAKE DOWN EVERY TRAITOR AROUND HIM. CHARGE WITH STATE CRIME HE CANNOT PARDON. DO NOT ATTEMPT GOING THE FEDERAL ROUTE.
THERE WEREN'T ANY. SPEAKING OF MISDEEDS, U HAVE GIVEN MASSIVE INSIDER-OPPORTUNITY GOVT CONTRACTS 2 YOUR OWN HUSBAND, COMPLETELY UNPRINCIPLED
Dear Senator,

  It is entirely within your powers to seek a declaratory judgement NOW that the Special Counsel may not be arbitrarily fired
Go for it Senator!
Maybe he'll fire you Diane, oh wait, like mueller, he can't. But it's a liberal headline, so truth be dammed.
Senator, simply stated: the president must be removed from office. His mental competency is questionable at best. Congress needs to act.
Dear @RepGoodlatte:

Let's be clear, if Trump fires Rosenstein and Mueller, YOU ALONE MUST BEGIN the impeachment process of the president.
How has this guy not been gketting more pressure? Everyone else, Nunes, Schiff, Burr we know.
Russian businessmen are involved in water filtration systems and are wanting to infiltrate that American industry. Why?
He is the President
Why? What will happen?
By DEFINITION AND LAW Mueller/Rosenstein have personal CONFLICTS OF INTEREST and should RECUSE themselves. Pick people who aren't so close.
We are SICK OF THE DEMOCRATIC SHIT!! STOP SPENDING OUR MONEY!! We don't care about Russia! @FoxNews Signed sick to death dem!
It should happen
No Diane it can't and you know it, so why the drama?
And u had actually been sounding like an adult since you guys brought the stock market down 300 points. Guess that's over.
Are you trying to win the most dramatic senator of the Year?
Bet he will try
2/You represent us in the Senate - we don't want to hear you are worried we want to hear about ACTION you will take to fight this!
1/Senator Feinstein-this is nothing new-We are all worried. What is expected of you is leadership. What are actually going to DO about it?
When the criminal investigation reaches into money laundering, Mueller gets the axe. If the promises not to pull that thread, he stays.

I seriously give it a 90% chance. He is being influenced by whacks like Gingrich. He will get worked up a do something stupid #ImpeachTrump
How can this happen to our great country?
He will.
Now that would be overt obstruction of justice. At that point he would need to be arrested immediately.
It's actually illegal for Mueller to be the investigator. We need someone new because of his ties to the central witness of obstruction.
The rules apply to everyone. We just need someone else in the investigation.
We are concerned he is going to pardon everyone involved
We are with you. Do whatever is necessary to protect us & our Democracy. You are a strong leader. RESPECT!
Thank you for standing strong against this corruption
Begin impeachment hearings pronto!
 woo-hoo bring the Cheetoh down!
MAD: When I was on School Board, we HAD to keep a teacher on payroll for 2 yrs awaiting hearing to dismiss. But prez is still signing bills.
You are special prosecutor and should not be saying this. You are supposed to have decorum. You said no evidence on national TV many times!!
This would be more obstruction
Can he fire you first at least then something good comes out of this #CorporateWhores
Most don't drink ur kook-aid & will not permt this blatntly fraudulnt criminal conspiracy further..treason dealt with by any means necessry
Agree that Mueller shouldn't be fired.
You're  more concerned with staying out of prison, which is what this farcical witch hunt/fishing expeditn is really about. That will happen
It's just wrong and suspicious that Mueller hired attorneys who contributed to Hillary and/or Dem Party.  Doesn't look fair to me.
Who will be the last person blamed for his failures before he goes down?
Well prepare yourself be cause he probably will. He has no ability to strategize or understand consequences and he likes to fire people.
Hey Dianne Feinstein's social media team, remind her she's a senator and can do something about this right now. Thanks.
I am afraid that nut job will go out with a bang. Push a button or something. Also afraid of Pence, and Ryan.
Well if he does impeach him.
This is not about phony Witch Hunt, but this is a process of CHECK & BALANCES 4 US Gov't & no nepotism & no favorism in higher office...
Or to finally clean house of the criminal element?

 ....like private planes, liquor, and other perks of being able to "whine and feinstein"
I beleive this is the moral accountability 4 all US Congress & US Senators must avoiding, NOT led Pres Trump fire Mueller & Rosentstein...
I'm RT this info because I have trusted your moral integrity...
That he even has authority to THINK about firing Special Counsel makes NO sense. ZERO.

File something w/SCOTUS to PREVENT it
Will not happen if you'all do your jobs correctly. Nation People are in this together this a unified front for justice
If Rosenstein is a witness in Obstruction case, he may have to recuse himself from overseeing it!
The Deep Trump Russia State
#Awanbrothers - #Treason is a misdeed ... you're guilty of #Misprision if you know & don't speak up
Dear Senator,

  It is entirely within your powers to seek a declaratory judgement NOW that the Special Counsel may not be arbitrarily fired
Great, the people have no sway over that. How about you rule people up about the atrocious health care law that dems are ignoring?
I pray & hope Repubs will join @SenFeinstein to stop Trump! Severe misdeeds & fights ahead of you, will Repubs cover-up for him as always?
Oh i know it. At this point, I assume nothing, though....
Thank you for your dedication ... we just want the truth! Nothing more nothing less! Keep up the great work 
Keep up the good work, Ms. Feinstein! You are strongly supported & respected. You can get the Senate to see reason and stop Trump b4 he can!
Senator, if he does, will Congress hold him accountable? We citizens =hostages of Congress' inaction. Most @GOP seem loyal to party not USA
PLEASE you know what is going on! IS WRONG WITH YALL actions against Trump that we see is proof we the pep are not your concern .
I would be surprised if he didn't.  He is so insane with power, he will not go easily.
Talk about a f***ed up system!
Trump can't just fire a Special Counsel. DOJ regulations carry the force of law
This is a liberal headline, facts do not matter
And if it does Senator what's your plan?
Plans have been made for this. Will be @RealDonaldTrump biggest mistake!
It's time to cancel the trump show.
He will indeed attempt that.
And it will be approved by Russian Trump's Court of unpatriotic what's in it for me Republicans..
Americans all across the country are concerned as well, senator.  Thank you for speaking out
Thank you for speaking out!!!
Then be ready to act the moment that he does. Don't just fret. Act!! Act!! Act!!
It will actually be up to the House to ACT!!
Thank you @SenFeinstein
Please show us the concrete evidence on @realDonaldTrump
Great list of ppl you want to question! Why wasn't John Brennan on the list as well? Just wondering.
Thank you for standing up on this @SenFeinstein! Keep pushing...
R there no guidelines, rules or laws 2protect our Cnty from unqualified PPL running 4the highest Off n our land?Clearly Trump is unqualified
Ma'am, wonderful to see your post. A man who was born to compete and win at all costs, using guile, deceit, feints, cunning. This is POTUS.
If he does-Senate & Congress MUST call for Impeachment Hearings !
laws &limits?This nut can't keep firing everyone. Does he think he's still on the apprentice? Perhaps there need 2 b a mental evaluation?
What can DEMS DO? Keep this from happening!
Thank you for being tough and making Trump follow laws. Ignore the people who always bring up Hillary. They don't have any other arguments.
Please keep an eye on sessions he wants to start the war on drugs and get rid of medical marijuana. he wants to take us backwards.
He will fire Mueller. Next move?
you are doing a great job holding this administration accountable. You may be the ultimate hero in all of this. Keep it up!
Authoritarians don't accept the rule of law when it limits their powers, only when it increases their powers
And the GOP is willing to follow him off the cliff.  Pathetic
Thank you for standing up and speaking out.  I'm proud that you represent me and all Californians & are working to protect the USA.
He can fire them, but he should take a lesson from Nixon's actions. It will scream guilt.
It's a win/win if they stay or they get fired. I'm hopeful lol but it's seems like it would be
So far you and the Dems are doing close to nothing while Trump wipes his ass with the Constitution. #fedupwithcongress
Us too, and we r concerned that the Senate is using this as a political smoke screen to cover up the horrible health care-less bill!
@doedeer1664 probably what's going to happen, the people need to say enough united the people have to stand
We are relying on you @SenFeinstein you have tons of support from the American people. We want the truth.
yes, a real fear and the asistant who would take over has no experience in criminal justice
With respect to Senator I remember President Obama saying a Trump presidency couldn't happen.
Please talk your colleagues into making use of the 25th amendment!
His reality show needs to be cancelled. It's already been on too long.
I hhope he does, maybe that'd be the moment Republicans see the light
WHY hasnt an investigaton for Loretta Lynch been ordered???? This Democrwtic Party will go down as the most corrupt party of all! Do ur job
What investigation senator. You have said yourself, as have the FBI CIA NSA, multiple times that there isn't anything there.
What if outraged citizens followed @POTUS example, and stopped paying taxes to protest his disdain for rule of law, or filed extensions?
Then remove ALL political donors from the investigation team and assure that it's deeply bi-partisan.
He shouldn't have to fire them.  They both have an obvious conflict of interest and should step down.
You are concerned about something that hasn't happened? He should fire him
Mueller doesn't strike me as a man who ever stops once he has started...
Doesn't Rosenstein have the power to evoke a special clause to protect Mueller? @SenKamalaHarris was insisting on this at hearing.
He will never do that  cause once again it will show a cover up and Mueller is a respected and loved man everywere
Apparently the time to work across the aisle in a bipartisan manner does not apply to our Senators from California! @KamalaHarris
We were concerned when Loretta-Bill secretly met where were u- we were concerned when Obama tampered in Israel election where were u? @CNN
I'm concerned that you do not recognize the conflict of interest where Mueller is concerned & why you're not investigating AG Lynch.
Were he to, it could be enough to force his Party to support an ACTUAL investigation with Benghazi fervor.
Ty.
#Resist #ImpeachTrump
You are simply wrong senator!
Don't let it happen @SenFeinstein !
50% of America doesn't trust Mueller. POTUS isn't even under investigation for collusion. Its become clear to me, this isn't about Russia.
I'm concerned that Mueller has major conflicts of interest. POTUS, was not under investigation, so why do we need Mueller? Give facts
It HAS to happen...NO MORE DEM PUPPETS....GET TO THE TRUTH...something you people wouldn't recognize if it hit you in the face...TRUTH.
Even if they conspire to take down a @POTUS with no evidence? They seem to be breaking the law.
In 2016, approval averaged 17% for the year, only slightly better than the all-time low average of 14% in 2013 just so you know how we feel.
I'm concerned you have been obsessed to the point of irrationality!
If tRump does this his admin is doomed & Repubs will pay the price in '18 for sure!
Correct me if I'm wrong but that would be more obstruction of justice?
Fire him now
He will. He bully. He will do anything to get away will all of it that's what's he doing. Congress needs to impeach him now He will get away
I was thinking just this. Potus45 rhetoric and tweets are demonstrating he is building his case for firing both men. It cannot happen.
I'll fly back for another March in DC if he tries that. Glad 2 b back in CA and have u as Senator again:) keep fighting the good fight
He can't fire Mueller. If Rosenstein is ordered to fire Mueller, refuses & gets fired, then #ImpeachTrump for obstruction of justice.
But... won't it help our goal of getting him OUT if he does this? I mean... just how much of that can he do before it all hits the fan?
I'm not concerned about that. That would be career suicide. He knows that.
Please don't let it!
Agree that cannot happen.  What can be done to prevent it?
Please include CIA Director Pompeo on your list to be interviewed for the obstruction investigation.
It can & will happen. When it does, we need to see where Congress' interest lies: W/ a corrupt rubber stamp or the people. I bet the former.
Actually it can. He is the President.
Thank you for standing up to this president
I really hope he does it would set the A GOP agenda back years and it's basically political suicide
It could. What will you do if it does?
Thank you Senator.
The buck has to stop somewhere Senator.  Don't stop working for us.
you live off the govt dime feinstein, these men should not be heading this stupid investigation.
Wait to comment if it happens. Don't disparage. There are a lot of things I fear you'll do too but I give you the benefit of the doubt.
Democrats must stand up to the anti-democratic secrecy & bullying of the GOP leaders and Trump Group. We will support you. Thank you.
That woud be Bharara, Yates,  Comey,  Rosenstein and Mueller all fired for investigating Pres. Trump. How can that be legal?
It isn't
of course he will he's guilty as hell cant be exposed
We are tired of your fabricated WITCH HUNT #MAGA
@SenFeinstein says she's concerned Trump'll "attempt to fire Mueller & Rosenstein" - that's nonsensical ... only Rosenstein can fire Mueller
Don't let it happen @SenFeinstein
I'm not sure that he would get very far with that one. He's already DIRTY for Russia, firing Mueller just nailed his coffin shut.
#ImpeachmentNow!
Start an investigation into Loretta, Susan et al and maybe you'll be believable, maybe.
The ship is leaking, and will sink.
It better not happen...
We need Independent Commission! This is a circus not an administration
He certainly could've released his taxes, people say he couldn't be that stupid, I say different
