They wont meet with you or come together. Please realize this. Stop asking and offering. Make a plan to defeat them instead.
Our biggest problem right now is treason on the part of our administration. Our country has been attacked. Focus.
We the people are not to be failed, we are not pawns for GOP play; nor are our & our loved ones' lives abstract statistics!
Those 4 GOP Senators are heroes. They need to be praised for not falling into the lion's den with Pence, McConnell, Ryan & Trurmp!
The only Lion in that den is spelled LYIN.  #FireSessions #sendJaredandIvankahome #Article25Now #resigntoday #kleptocracy #liars #fools
I was referring to the Lions - GOP vs Christians. You know, the Bible story.
I I know.... just having some fun with words.
@ChrisMurphyCT @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @SenCapito @robportman @BenSasse Plz don't let anyone do this to us for a "WIN". WORK TOGETHER
This lady gets it!   WORK TOGETHER!....What a concept!  Let's hope congress gets its act together before it's time to #VOTETHEMOUT
Single payer is the answer.
Please improve by creating what was always wanted. Single payer. Half measures will not get us where we should have been a decade ago.
This only proves that other countries have taken the power of healthcare away from the people! Politicians have no business in healthcare!
Sorry, Ms Feinstein, u r wasting your time w/ reason; u r dealing w/ people too depraved to understand.
Not once has this senator exercised any type of reason. She lies by omission constantly however.
Speaking of open hearings; why is Susan Rice testifying in closed session & not open hearing?
We need to hear the truth.
Improving Affordable Care Act is called #MedicareForAll/#SinglePayer.
Embrace it and do not ignore challenges.
The ACA was DOA. Government should keep its nose on protecting our liberties, not mandating health insurance.
Sometimes you like to solve imaginary problems.
We need single payer medical insurance for every American. Everybody  deserves health insurance.

AMEN.   We are sick and tired as Americans having the @GOP continue ad nauseum to PLAY GAMES WITH OUR LIVES.  ENOUGH.
Your law did nothing but cause problems! Repeal it... please stop the cruel pain that you created seven years ago
You've made it clear your job is to obstruct @POTUS 
Now you want the Republicans to cooperate with you to fix a broken Obamacare
Your gang is problem makers not problem solvers your gang is in it for itself
Trump wants to destroy our country and his viscious nature will cause innocent needy people to die - Cant you stop him?
That's ridiculous! The president doesn't want Americans to die nor does he want to destroy the country. Despite what CNN says.
Then he would not push to kill aca and rip healthcare from17 million people in 2018 - see -CBO - that would mean death for thousands
You signed Obama care blindly and now you want to work together?
REPEAL!!!
Thank you so much.
You go girl
Congress "solving" problems usually makes them worse.
HMO's anyone?
Exactly! That's what's called common sense.
Time for the D solution: single payer.
Hey Repubs u proud of ur selves? A Prez willing to destroy America's healthcare & @SenateMajLdr w/ bill to repeal not replace
I just moved to CA from AK & I'm proud to have you & Kamala as my senators.
#FixitDontNixit
You created the problem. Obamacare, now you want Republicans to fix it. That's like you getting to carry a gun and we don't.
Then quit being part of the problem honey
You passed it with a nuclear option; many voted to see it repealed in the same way.
I agree!! Get opinions from DR.s & insurance people not affiliated with goverment,people working in those fields. Dems & Reps work together!
You must repeal!!! NO single payer system. This is AMERICA not Europe!!
didn't want Ocare but your party rammed it anyway. It's a DISASTERY can't U & U Dems understandREPEAL is D ONLY answervoted 4 it
If you had accomplished "Tort Reform over your stint of over "25" yrs! in the-do-nothing "Con"-gress you might have been remembered well.
Obamacare must go
Single payer. Every American should be covered (like public ed) with a basic i.e. real care. And then buy catastrophic cvg
Yes!  Instead of a few "men only" in a room with the door closed like a Trump/Putin meeting.
adding millions to the Medicaid doles, requiring everyone to pay for pre-existing conditions & up to 26 yrs on parents plan it's a failure!
Your job is to push the people's will not your agenda
We support the POTUS - REPEAL the ACA! What problems have you solved? -0- Your days are numbered. Kiss the "Con"gress goodbye.
So you finally admit ACA is failing?!
YES!!!!   THANK YOU!!!!
Yay! 50, 60, 70 and 80 year olds finally acting like adults!
Fix?
1) repeal ACA
2) open medicare to all
3) open interstate insurance 
4) address costs of care
It's not that difficult.
Protect the Constitution first and foremost. Adam Smith's invisible hand can do more to fix Health Care issues than the government can.
Repeal!
Ca increases coming this fall to California are your responsibility. #yourvote #yourobstruction #yourresponsibility #werescrewed
How?  Seriously, how? There HAS to be a way out of this mess.
Universal healthcare!
It was your job to solve problems 5 years ago and now you're saying it? It's a farce because HRC didn't win
#singlepayer
@SenateMajLdr How 'bout it Mitch? Would bipartisan cooperation be such a bad thing? I get it's a distasteful concept, but what's to lose?
Tell the @Gop that
#ImpeachTrumpNow
YES!
Impeach tRUmp now. Send him to Russia.
What are Trumps covering up this is insane not a proper President so  disappointed we teach our children to be responsible bad example
Attn @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @HouseDemocrats your all on notice your days R numbered support Trump or go
U have done nothing for our veterans and the failing VA
The way you all are holding up the Presidents nominations? Ah! Who is without sin cast the first stone... You and the rest are a stone.
Thank you Diane! Keep up the fight 
Thank you, Sen Feinstein
Gop is busy with putin
U no longer have time those who voted2stop CRIMINAL Kate's law is not american and needs to go matter WHAT #fakeAmerican  #fakeRepresentive
You are incapable of solving problems. Please name one problem you have ever solved
SENATOR IMPROVING THE ACA IS A STEP! THE ACA HAS WORKED FOR 8 YEARS !SO IT HAS FLAWS! THEY CAN BE FIXED! ITS A START!
I want 2 hear what sen collins ideas r ...n sen grahams...
The republicans are the problem that needs fixing
maybe you can explain to @realDonaldTrump what it means to be a leader
Very difficult when the President only cares about pleasing Putin and hurting Obama.
Do it.  Do not just say it DO IT. #SaveACA Single payer for all.  Like civilized countries.
