Only Senator Feinstein's security detail should be armed to keep her safe! Peasants have no need for such things.
Nobody is saying take away all guns, Im saying: "bump fire"device illegal, mandatory extensive background checks, mental health exceptions
Sure...
I've own guns similar to #1 & #2 pictures. I can easily defend,etc myself with them. Nobody should be able to own gun #3.
I respect your right to your opinion. Sadly, for you and those like you, I couldn't care less what you think I should be allowed to have.
Just as cars, food, alcohol, drugs are regulated, guns must B regulated #According2TheUSConstitution Every gun owner needs 2B regulated.
B/c that's how we solved drunk driving, obesity & diabetes, and the opioid crisis? (Each of which is responsible for more deaths than guns)
Sorry to burst your bubble friend, but not everyone shares your delusion that more government regulation as an actual solution. #Bureaucrats
Begging the republicans to put life over money.  I have no words.
And who will protect your life when only the criminals have guns?
Trained individuals already in place. Military, police $ security.  rare is the instance the average jo saves lives with their private gun.
Sorry but I will keep my gun for protection. You are free to move to a more controlled society though
As long as it’s legal and not a weapon to assinate many good on u. Keep it away from the kids cuz we all know how that works out....
Kids should learn to respect and use a firearm properly. Not fear it.
Omg really? Wow. Now kids should have guns?
Unbelievable mentality. Giving kids the freedom to slaughter each other-sick.
Gun safety? Ok. Always keep your barrel pointed down range. When your firearm is not in use make sure it's unloaded and the action is clear.
I was a Newtown teacher the day Sandy Hook happened. I'm not giving up. CALL YOUR REPS
Time to make the NRA a publicly shamed group...like the KKK.
Love this idea
They won't
I have to depend on the NRA to stand for my rights, since you refuse to.

Brenda that's absolutely brilliant but these people can't read so it's a lost cause
Mass shooting planned & executed by the Dems? YOU NAZI’S WILL NEVER LEAVE US AMERICANS DEFENSELESS!
Feinstein every month 1,000 of people are killed in 2 municipalities in chicago and what does life's dont count why because their black
So agree
One of the few good Republicans (which has become an oxymoron). Loves the country and its people.
You do realize that the NRA members are the largest gun safety educators in the nation.  I wish you had same concern for the unborn.
"The unborn" aren't weapons. False equivalency.
Abortion is a weapon against the lives of the unborn child.
Hey Tom; you're allowed to have an opinion about abortion once you, yourself, have personally become pregnant.
No way around the scientific fact abortion is the taking a of innocent life and that they react to pain. Not opinion simply just a fact.
A cluster of cells can feel pain? That's interesting.
If you ban guns how will you know which weapons to look for in their place?  Keep the enemy closer.  #gncontrol
Just an FYI...we are all buying more guns for protection from the likes of you.
Pls clarify how the NRA is the problem. Have any of its members been mass shooters?
It's not a political issue it's a public health and safety issue
There's no point in begging #Republicans to do anything. They don't give a shit. #RepublicansAreTheProblem #VoteRepublicansOut
Agreed!!
Thank you senator, our county in CA has lost at least 6 souls from Sunday's tragedy. Please continue to fight for us.
RIGHT NOW is the time to support the travel ban!  You r so quick to jump on the anti-gun bandwagon but where r u now???  You are a fraud!!!
If there were no guns, then he couldn't have landed a plane (propeller) on a runway of young people . The gun must be responsible!
and what year did you get your CCW Diane? While common law abiding folks were denied.
Not 1 mass shooter was a member of the NRA. Quit pointing the finger at Conservatives when the mass shooters were all registered Democrats
Did you talk about banning cars every time there is a car accident? Banning knives with 39 killed in China? TFOH Feinstein... Retire Pls
Do white lives matter more? Because I don’t hear any outcry about all the black on black violence in Chicago, Detroit and other dem cities.
Your elitism does not help your cause! Condescending only pushes middle America further from you. Giving you power over guns, US less safe!
Weren't you the one saying to give Trump a chance?
I'm a California voter and I agree. Universal gun control is long over due.
If some1 poisons ur water should we ban water?! they would’ve used bombs gernade trucks.  We need to protect fam from psychos #constitution
You don’t stand by and let people continue to poison your water.
No American needs an automatic rifle for Home protection!  I personally use wasp spray it shoots 20 feet accurately and blinds the perp!
No American legally owns an automatic weapon. Those are illegal
Shhh, I think the good old boys club failed to read the message!
You don't talk about safety.  You mean banning guns.  Everybody knows that so quit treating us like idiots
Delusional

After Sandy Hook, I knew this country would never have real gun reform. If children getting shot in school can't make it happen nothing will
Maybe you should research Sandy Hook. False flag.
repeal the 2nd amendment.
What does that do exactly?
People will stop using the 2nd Amendment 4 an illegitimate claim. It IS 4 a Regulated Militia, aka State Natl Guard!
Not national guard,STATE GUARD witch is controlled by the Governor of each STATE,and can not be sent over seas.
Your 4.8 times more likely to be murdered by a knive than shot by an assault rifle according to the FBI. Should we ban knives?
No that would be impractical. Almost every other Western nation suggests a gun ban would make the safer. Look at the evidence.
https://crimeresearch.org/2013/12/murder-and-homicide-rates-before-and-after-gun-bans/ … here are the facts don't lie.
Your republican colleagues ARE the NRA!!! #GOPHypocrisy They are bought and paid for! Follow the money!!! THEY ARE THE NRA !!

Spot On!!  Why can't we regulate sales of 223 ammo like we do with sales of Sudafed? I don't see how that violates the 2nd Amendment!?
I have never seen a Gun kill a person by itself I always has a hand involved. These cities are only reactionary. Good policing and baggage checks would of stopped the shooting in Vegas.They now will check all baggage there,thats reactionary.
The Las Vegas shooting was planned and very well thought according toMSNBC I’m smell Something Foul...Anyone else wondering 
Someone else posited a Putin distraction ploy.
I think Putin’s Running this & Trump’s his Bitch...I think Republicans chose Trump knowing he’d Break America
There aim is to destroy Medicare and Medicaid that has always been Paul Ryan's goal even if it hurts people in Wisconsin
Despicable...
They can't and won't. The NRA owns them.
Time to send NRA all healthcare bills related to gun violence.
If I was suffering the loss of a love one for this debacle I would get a class action suit and name the NRA ,all in Congress that took money
because they are to blame for a crazy person? What is it had been a bus? What if it had been a bomb? What if it was anything but a Gun?
You go tell that to the victims and their families, to the kids who died in Newtown. Seriously. Stop this nonsense.
"Please!  Trump is still President, so it's no time to talk about truth, honesty or logic."
Do you think that the buffoon has any critical thinking ability he has shown that he doesn't 10 months of him trying to ruin America
@GOP @NRA the GOP is entrenched with the NRA cowardly silent even as one of its own members is recovering from a gunshot wound
You can't take the moral high ground while voting for a $700 Billion War budget for Trump, and having a history of promoting weapons deals.
Uou mean like hilliary and obama did?
You are all free to go live in another country that has no guns. Like Venezuela for example......
As are you.
Well most countries have disarmed their citizens to make them sheep
Nobody's disarming Americans. Assault weapons really aren't necessary, though, now are they?
Many people on here are calling for the systematic removal of all weapons from citizens. What do you call an assault weapon?  Give me model
We all know what they are, and we also know no disarming of citizens is going to happen.
It's simple. Read the full 2nd Amendment. 
We have enough gun laws. More will not stop a nutjob who decides he wants to hurt people
Why were Bump Stocks approved by Obama admin in 2010???
Silly woman - I am an NRA member - solid citizen - give to charities - make my own way - take care of others - so different from liberals
1. Domestic violence
2. Suicide
3. Gang wars
4. Violent crimes
Guns are inanimate objects. Where's the talk about people behind them?
Perhaps, with you extensive knowledge and background, you'd be willing to provide us with the list of all NRA members guilty of mass shootings or murder.

Planned Parenthood kills millions of babies every year, when are you gonna stand up to them?

#Breaking:High Gun Crimes States:#Chicago/DC/Baltimore Have Strict #GunControl Laws.Proof GunControl Won’t Stop Evil https://mobile.nytimes.com/2013/01/30/us/strict-chicago-gun-laws-cant-stem-fatal-shots.html?referer= …
So how many gun crimes do NRA members commit each year vs how many registered Democrats commit each year maybe you should regulate Democrats

you're the one waving a semi auto weapon around in a room full of people with your finger on the trigger.
More than 59 babies were aborted today. I beg you to stand up to Planned Parenthood.
Did the Dems stand up to them when you were the house majority??Asking for a friend
If they keep stonewalling, please ask them to pick a date on the calendar for hearings. Get a commitment in writing and in camera.
NRA?  It is the Constitution, and leftists, communists, Nazis, Fascists and now Democrats have been trying to destroy it for years.
No after mass shooting is time to talk about supporting the police and stronger sentences for criminals.
It is not the right time. You dems always try to use disasters to boost your own agendas. We are sick of it. Get in touch with America
How about 8 years ago when the democrats had the votes.  It's easier to blame the other side I guess.
Normally they take their own lives before the cops can gets their hands on them.
The NRA DID NOT commit any of the terrible, horrific mass shootings. The people/person that had the terrible thoughts in their head telling them it was ok to do such awful acts are the people you need to get for the mass shootings. These people even know they messed up because
Stand with the NRA. Funk the idea that you know what’s best for me. Shouldn’t you be busy spending postal real estate profits... #swamp

Dia, you are an idiot
Screw you Dianne! We the people will NEVER give up our right to bear arms! NEVER!!!!!!!!
These are the leading cities for gun related violence
But...but....
The NRA never killed no one. Planned Parenthood has killed millions more than guns have. Is it lives saved or control your after. Stop abortions to save lives pass gun control for control. Learn the real statistics.
Does it matter if another parent aborted someone else's child?? Really.... does it?? No it doesn't the fact of the matter is, that poor baby was aborted along with all the other innocent babies.......but its responsible gun owners and the NRAs fault for that?? Ha
I'm lost, what are you trying to say? I'm not blaming gun owners for abortion, I'm suggesting that there are way more lives to save by repealing abortion laws than banning guns. In other words, Planned Parenthood kills the NRA does NOT.
No no @PaulRevere2016 I was talking towards @dlpgentleman I'm sry for the confusion fella
Take breather to calm between event and response. Whew! Maybe it didn't faze the good Senator?
The @NRA didn’t cause this shooting you twit!
Gun safety? https://www.gunsite.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/rules.jpg …

As soon as you stop taking bribes from your donors. Glass house
Yes, let's take advice from the woman who warned the Night Stalker to get rid of incriminating evidence.
?4U:Is heroin illegal? Is it still an epidemic? Easy 4 ppl 2gt their hands on, die from daily? Hows mkg a gun illegal going 2b NE different?
You are protected and have no need for a gun as protection. Must be nice to have a security detail assigned to you! We don't!

Lol lmao

Taking guns away from law abiding citizen would be a crime within itself! Why do you all what to take away our #2A?
When are you Democrats going to realize that guns do not kill people. A loaded gun can never FIRE a shot if a person does pull the trigger!
I stand against you Annie get your gun the leftist are coming and hater of Catholics
If you mean that then why are you trying to ban a firearm safety device and opposing removing the other firearm safety device from the NFA? Consistency may help your cause.
But no enforcement. Which means you don't really care.
No the NRA needs to continue to stand up to far left wing liberal loon stupidity.
You first. STAND UP TO PLANNED PARENTHOOD. MILLIONS OF BABIES. DEAD!!!
Another mass shooting by another #LiberalLunatic now IS the time to talk about not allowing Left to have guns. Your killer in his #PussyHat
She has the only CCW in San Francisco.
Guns are not the problem. Marxist Leftism and other like Ideologies are the problem.
It certainly wouldn't be after 58 people are killed in Chicago.  Every month.
This is you.
I want to see you sit on the floor like the rest of your Socialist Party. Then see if any can get up. 
Meanwhile be glad it was us & not you
None are NRA but ALL Democrats. Guns don't kill, ppl with mental illness, radical religious beliefs or criminals kill

Why didn't you say same thing when you approved bump stocks?
NO!!This family of gun owners will not stand up against the NRA! BTW we are Republicans&we Love President Trump... he's doing an amazing job
Where were you when those 5 Republican senators were shot?  Yeah, thought not.

Allow us to grieve first please. This is our 9/11. Have some respect to set aside political debates for a few days!
Gun control sure as hell won't do a damn thing.
The Mandalay Bay resort was and is a "gun free zone". So what's to stop someone who completely doesn't give a f**k about laws?
When exactly is the time to talk about the 3,288 lives lost to abortion every day?
Really? Outlaw Democrats
Perhaps if we adopted Switzerland on guns we'll be better off. Every citizen is taught to use and handle guns. Hitler avoided Switerland.
I sent them another check yesterday. #2Amendment
Please retire soon. Soon please
@NancySinatra NRA members aren’t Mass Murderers. Registered Democrats are. Look at the history.
@NancySinatra is a NAZI- my Mom lived under Hitler occupation, Yugoslavia during WW2 = Hitler took Guns from We the People- to Control them
History lesson- #Obama ATF legalized bump stocks. Shocker right! Why don't you tweet him and ask him why? #Liberalhypocracy #2A
REFRESH US ALL DIDN'T U CARRY GUN WHEN YOU NEEDED PROTECTION? DON'T YOU HAVE BODYGUARD W/GUNS?  Why is it wrong for us 2 be protected like U
Liberal idiots is what you are #leftislosing #leftaredemented
Nancy you are VILE ! Your hate & contempt for a fellow humans is unreal ! Firing squad ?? You are no better than a thug ! #crazyoldbat
No it is NOT disrespectful we are military family own guns Gov. doesn't need to tell us what to do Where is outrage for Chicago children
So after a mass shooting is the time to round up gun owners and put them in front of a firing squad? Sure.....
Here's an eye opener for you . NOT  1 OF THESE MASSSHOOTER HAVE BEEN A NRA MEMBER OR A CONSERVATIVE !ALL HAVE BEEN FROM THE LEFT AND ON MEDS
SERIOUSLY WHERE have YOU been for the last 8 years? 3900 BLACK MEN died in Chicago under Obama where was your outrage then??SHAME ON YOU
Everyone of you liberal wackjobs were silent for the last 8 years I guess  black lives don't MATTER all that much!
#Liars #fakeconcern
Dear Senator, why didn't Dems discuss it from January 2009 to January 2011 when you had control of WH and Congress?
Not minutes afterward! It is disgusting to use this tragedy to pedal politics period! Show some sensitivity and put your agenda on pause
Australia changed it's laws just 12 days after a mass shooting in 1996. There have been none since.

Oh, and yeah, we saw your tweet about wanting all NRA members dead. Good one. You're a 'has been'.
The NRA supports what WE AMERICAN CITIZENS demand. Democrats want to ban all guns. We don't fall for their lies. That's why we have the 2nd
How come only after the uncommon mass shooting & not after the monthly death tolls in Chicago (match Vegas #'s) by hand guns? Don't u care?
Planned Parenthood commits mass killing daily, where is your outrage. PP donates MORE MONEY to your party than the NRA to GOP more than 10x.
Then you should be more then ready to discuss this.
stand down for our constitution you mean, betray the oath you took for your office you mean.
Your delusional. DEMOCRATS have committed most of the mass shootings and bombings in the US. Guns don't kill people, democrats do.
If democrats and those who support dems would stop shooting people that would be great...
http://jpfo.org/filegen-a-m/deathgc.htm …
Maybe you should get the guns out of the hands of isis. Oh wait. You make money selling them arms.
They took money, so wont say a word!!
This is what kind of rhetoric leads to what happened in Vegas. It's time to put a stop to the hate now! Before more people die. 
You wouldn't know the right time if it bit you in the ass. Stop being the problem.
lol.  Why not 2009-2010 when you had 60 seats and @NancyPelosi as House Leader. You did nothing.  You want GOP to do all the work once again
Hey, dummy.... The NRA is all all about teaching gun safety. Their other focus is exposing lying and misleading politicians like you....
MYSELF FROM AN ADVOCATE OF RIPPING TINY BABIES APART
U PPL IN GOVT HAVE PROVED TIME & TIME AGAIN THAT U DONT GIVE A DAMN ABT ANY1 SO
S H U T. U P.
I WILL NOT B LECTURED ON MY RIGHT TO PROTECT
isn't it time @nra were investigated for financial fraud and terrorist activities? just sayin' they seem in the thick of both.
BTW.. Chicago makes Vegas look like nothing happened. They lose well over 50 lives in a few neighborhoods EVERY MONTH..Gun laws there? LOL!
Gun safety? I will vote against guns if she gives up armed security.. After all the law should keep her safe.. STUPID
Says the gun toting Sen .....
"If not now, when"? 
How's about...never
908,000 MURDERS in 2015 in US alone! Sinatra & Feinstein when will you stand up to Planned Parenthood?! NRA has NEVER killed anyone. PP has.
what are you talking about?  Please provide what you want and what law(s) would have stopped the LV attack?
#StopTheLies @SenFeinstein The .@NRA did not commit #LasVegasShooting
Great. Please tell me which law would have stopped this?

3.) EVERY recent mass shooting was by registered Dem's. Its time to look at the root cause which is the hate & radicalism of the left (Dems)
Ms Sinatra, Ms Fienstein, what does the NRA have to do with any of this? Opportunistic tyrants its the democrat way!
Why didn't you call out the Obama administration? The Obama administration failed to regulate bump fire stocks in 2010. Where were you?
soulless #democrats - seeking political gain from every tragedy  there's a reason your numbers are dwindling, @NRA isn't problem, you are.
2.) I've spent entire days w/NRA learning how to handle gun's. They're EXTREMELY safety conscious. Only one's doing mass killings are Dem's!
1.) Have EITHER of you EVER owned a gun, shot one or even held one? I'm sure the answer is No.  You don't know what you're talking about.
ok, what do you want?
hypocrite! u/obozo adm in 2010 allowed "bump stock"! u leftist idiots have blood on your hands! STOP blaming NRA they didn't sale them!
Is it possible that all mass shootings are done by people who want to end our 2nd amendment rights?
Never beg sniveling murderers.Fight them with every ounce of your conscience
Allow families to bury their dead with solace, without carping leftists getting their "15 min". Afraid your points will weaken in 4 days?
Dont you mean STAND UP FOR THE NRA? NRA MEMBERS HAVE A LOW LOW LOW CRIME RATE.

And do what. What law would have stopped this
Democrats stand up to Communism !!!
When calm and rational debate can be held, not when people are fueled by emotions.
why did you not beg to have this item banned while Obama was president? Why not after the last shooting?
The NRA has suggested regulation of BUMP Stocks.  Stop using the NRA as a scapegoat for the Evil that EXISTS in our country.  #Chicago
All do respect ma'am, 24 hours after the event is not the time.
Safety?  Americans generally are safe gun owners. No safety measures will stop criminals from obtaining guns legal or not.
Before WWII all Swiss adults were required by law to own a firearm and be proficient in its use. Hitler and Stallin left them alone.
Perfect time to threaten death to 5 million people as @NancySinatra seems to do
The bump-stock was approved by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosive under the Obama administration in 2010.
YES ONLY THE CRIMINALS SHOULD HAVE GUNS
