Single Payer
Medicare for All
Vote for it.
#IndependentInvestigation #SketchyPOTUS

Fri-3 & Sat-4 before elec. are 2 very notable days. Note the timing of FBI/Comey #TrumpRussia investigation events: http://bit.ly/2lZQX1Q  
https://heatst.com/world/exclusive-fbi-granted-fisa-warrant-covering-trump-camps-ties-to-russia/ …
Your constituents are calling upon you to #filibuster #Gorsuch.
ACA is not sustainable. Your job now is to support Senator Sanders' bill for #Medicare4All. That is YOUR number 1 priority!
i guarantee if u like it it's bad for all Americans so it must be good for illegals that's why u stand for it.!
#SinglePayer now!
NO they didn't. They pulled it because they need to get more support and rework it.70% of voters don't want the ACA. Fact!
Thats just not true. It was pulled bcs many didnt support the fact that it wasn't a full repeal. You mislead your supporters.
you should start with #fixing your broken phone system  #DoYourJob #StopIgnoringCalifornians
Please do whatever you can to stop Gorsuch. Whatever you can. Thank you.
Unlike ignorant liberals the GOP wants it to be right and succeed #libtards #delusional #pleasestopthemfrombreeding
it would be great if @TheDemocrats went even further right now - push single-payer as the next step to improve ACA. #SaveACA
Thats what they want. Control the market, control the vote. I wont be enslaved by such a scheme.
next fight is to remove corruption and get independent investigation #trumprussia #electionfraud
That's a lie.They pulled it because 16 Repubs wanted deeper cuts. & you know it. Which Party owns the coming O'care increases?
. what do you expect of Political sell out Whores. The American Left is the new Communists party. IRONIC.
When #Obamacare implodes, you, @NancyPelosi, @SenSchumer @POTUS44 @RepCummings @MaxineWaters and others will be accountable.
fake account.. this is a bot.. not a real person
What is being done to punish Trumps sabotage?
. voted for you for all your senate runs, life long Democrat, NO MORE. Court JINO(JewsInNameOnly), sold us out.SHAME ON YOU.
@IndivisibleEB K - you can start with a filibuster on Gorsuch
PLEASE let my voice be heard and support OUR president and not your selfish interests!
Dianne why "fight" why don't you try working with the President to make it better?
SINGLE PAYER HEALTHCARE NOW!!!!
STOP GORSUCH!
please support Senator Sanders' sigle payer health plan. We need to fight back without our own positive vision.
MAKE AMERICA "SINGLE PAYER" NOW ... HEAR your CONSTITUENTS, Diane !!!
Clinton's going to prison for collusion w/ Russians- $500,000 Putin bribes, 20% uranium deal, Russian Silicon valley, etc.
has more ties to Russia as her parents came from there. How and why do we elect these Communist traitors. Should be illegal
O'care wanted a third of my take home pay. If Ulove it so much, U should give a third of your pay. PRES O should give a third.
Please demand Sessions Recuse himself from any control/interference with the Senate Investigation Committee!
they pulled it because it sucks worse than the ACA, which also sucks!
yay for the ACA!! Now filibuster Gorsuch!!!
Conservatives and liberals worked together to defeat this bad bill. Let's do more of that Dianne.
shame shame!  You only care about money not Americans!!  Resign !!
first we need to resolve the Russiagate issues.
Next fight is SCOTUS.  NO Gorsech.
congratulations. Once again Demo's have convinced millions to shoot themselves while smiling. Just genius.
Thank you for working to #ProtectOurCare !
lets make sure my families health care premium is more than r mortgage,u and  Liberal co-horts have destroyed Ca
Here's a radical thought....cooperation!  ACA is horrible.  Work together for a change.
thank you for your efforts!
Yes!  Leave medical and social security alone and stop that damned wall!   We have your back, Senator!
single payer Healthcare get the insurance companies out.
Are covered by the ACA?  My costs have tripled!!  Wake up.
@POTUS  @seanhannity you are paid by taxpayers you should be forced to use ACA ...forget the swamps shoot the gators in it
@potus @seanhannity senators and congressmen should be forced to use Obamacare then we'll see something get done
@PrincessBravato You need to legislate improvements of the law. Please fix it!
@bulldoghill Now we must Repair and Update!!
@JuneCasagrande Make Jay Inslee Head of an Obamacare improving task force. WA's got this thing right
@WizzyProbs It's still there because a few GOP actually read it before voting for it
#lol like those rwnj can read...
Nunes Russian Connection with ties to Putin in Vineyard business . Please look into. Ethics?  Treason?  Omg
Thanks to you personally for your continuous updates.  Congrats to all whose lives will not be upended.  Well done!
thank you Diane!
I will never stop speaking out!
DEMOCRATS OWN O BOMB ACAREO BOMB ACAREO BOMB ACAREO BOMB ACARE
yes!thanks to all you sheep who continue to f**k US citizens more everyday!  Esp the corrupt politicians including Feinstein
thank you for representing us. keep up the good work.
#WRONG pulled because it didn't do enough to remove this total and complete failure
If not with Republicans the Dems must proceed to repair or fix the ACA to keep it strong .
@IndivisibleCA48 the people want #medicare4all #HealthCareIsARight #singlepayer
Thank you Senator! Please block Gorsuch.
Now you you must filibuster Gorsuch the heartless Justice who has supported in all his decisions the strong against the weak
you should have a town hall.
AHCA dies = good. Now what can be done to improve ACA? For all its successes, it has also failed in places. We need to do better.
Glad their terrible bill failed. Now please get to work improving the ACA.
you own Obamacare. Remember that as it collapses. Remember that you may not be able to make any changes until 2020
ACA is failing.  Fix it.  Do your job.
Are you hearing our voice on Gorsuch? Say no.
TY for Bipartisan efforts for constituents. Please don't gloat. Save Political capital for last year of Trump and LD Pence.
Thank you!
We need to rein in medical costs and career politicians
now everyone needs to fix what doesn't work with ACA.
Thank you for hearing us.  We're with you all the way.  The ACA saved my life & continues to do so

At least the republican side stands up against leadership unlike ewe leftist ...
Sooo sick of politicians
block Gorsuch!,
@fireheather Yes they heard us I called them everyday I'm also asking for Russia ties independent prosecutor stop the cover up
THE RESISTANCE GOES ON!!!
please work with @SenSanders to introduce singlepayer bill in Senate. President @realDonaldTrump, help repeal and replace...
@114trinity This makes no sense. Failed because Repubs couldn't agree. No Dems were involved so who are these millions? hmmm
Nope. Pulled bill because Tea Party Repubs want a repeal but no replace. Get your facts straight.
You just want to continuing to screw the working people of America.
It was as bad as ACA. I work with ACA daily & know it is flawed. We need Dems and GOP to work together to re-think healthcare.
no. the reason is all you trump haters following along like puppy dogs to pelosi and your leader. no work together for us.
Politicians should be covered by same #Obamacare coverage not better & free coverage for rich politicians
you didn't over anything.  Liberals are so busy obstructing progress,
They will be the reason for their own party demise
You're a joke
@lovespolitics Yes ppl Price and insurance companies are going to try to kill aca
thank you CA and Sen. we are one!
I was one of those callers and the lines were jammed.  We are not sitting back anymore. Hear our roar!
Even if you don't replace it - #RepealObamaCare It doesn't work and I'd rather not have insurance
Thank you for your hard work.
Will democrats work to improve Obamacare?
yes. They said they counted phone calls.
yES-- but now.. no vote for Gorsuch b/c 1) stollen seat & 2) Trump under investigation. #corporategreed #StayFocused
Try again Sen Feinstein, #MedicareForAll
This is next, we need answers! #TrumpRussia
We deserve answers on Russia and Trump. Please sign our petition calling for a special select committee and share. https://standuprepublic.com/investigate 
what the hell us wrong with all you people??! Single payer??! Are you insane?! Just move to Canada and leave the USA ALONE!
good! Now maybe they'll wake up and see that what we really want is a full repeal!!!
@RepAdamSchiff @KamalaHarris THANK YOU!
@Naijai3 now it's time to have an INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION of the Russian/trump marriage and to remove Nunes from house intel
Thanks for fighting for us.
Millions of us have your back! Thank you for your courage! 
.@SenFeinstein Dems now need to step up and propose legislation to fix the problems with #ACA.
Don't rest on your laurels! Take action!
He handed you your ass. Face it. You, Chuck and Nan own that Obamacare scam. He played you like a violin.
f##k off hag
And you also need to hear us when we say NO NO NO on Gorusch!
Neil Gorsuch nomination is next on the list & continuation of #Trumprussia
Get an #IndependentCommission 2 investigate election & #TrumpRussia & charge 45 w/ violations Emoluments Clause #Impeach
- thanks
thank you for helping to protect the American people
You can go down with the Obamacare ship.
No millions of people hate Obamacare. The Republican bill failed because it was too close to Obamacare.
next up? Budget cuts. Be loud and persistent!
and introduced ACA fixes!
Keep the pressure on,Sen F.
Just let it fail. #FullRepeal
thank you
thank you for all your hard work too!
very important to remember !!!!!!
Thank you!
Thank you for consistently voicing your opposition!
Impeach @POTUS
Democrats now own ObamaCare and 2018 elections are going to bring out all the flaws. Blame game won't work with Trump.
I appreciate your questioning of Gorsuch. As a formerly active trial lawyer Gorsuch's lack of self awareness is very clear.
He is obviously behaving as a privileged white male which would be fine if he knew that. Even Scalia may have been more human.
Independent investigation and NO to Gorsuch! Do not back down! #persist
there is definitive need to fix government medical care and it would seem those interested in citizens need would do justice
when will you schedule a town hall so you can hear our voices?
now improve ACA.  Thank you
Thank you, Senator. Please keep fighting. We can't give an inch when it comes to the future of Americans and our democracy!
Thank you for your good work!
thank you. Now refocus on The Russian Connection
Congratulations and there is more to do for the House and for you all in the Senate. We all need to keep writing congress.
Thank you for listening to us! @IndivisibleEB
=AWESOME!
thank you yay now must persist #resist #impeach45
There are still ways they can sabotage the ACA. We need to watch them very carefully.
@IndivisibleEB We have your back. Filibuster any Justice unless Merrick Garland. Investigate these Russia ties to Trump Thanks
investigate Obama / Clinton lies! Where are the emails and millions of dollars flown to Iran!
Most compelling / effective events were the marches, raucous town halls, Net outrage, & MSM showing all this on nightly news.
#gorsuchisnext
Now we need 2 REALLY ramp up attention 2 independent investigation on Trump/Russia. We need to shame GOP & b VERY loud on this
now you need to get rid of Nunez!!
This would be a great time for Dems to introduce a bill that improves ACA the way it was intended.
Vive la resistance!
Yes we spoke out. We want full repeal like they promised. @SenFeinstein
Now work to define the actions that would fix the ACA Please. #letsfacereality
Thank you and your staff for all your hard work to keep heath care affordable. #resist
Why don't U & Sen F give a third of your take home pay to O'care like me, I'Care is a nightmare!
Interesting. You assume without gathering facts. I reject fears and substitute FACTS.
stated facts of my life. I couldn't go 2 Dr. because of O'care, 400$ premium +6000$ deductible, pacemaker.
I hear your frustration. I've been able to work things out directly with my doc. Make them understand.
cool, now just hit that #gorsuch filibuster
THANK YOU!
Good victory today. ACA is far from perfect. Needs repair that keeps Medicaid/other provisions. Hard, but necessary work
It would be nice if republicans focused on improving ACA but they want the black man's legacy destroyed.
universal health care please
like Cuba. Where the rich get good care and the poor get, maybe, care.
so Sandy K - What's your solution?
The insurance regulations R made in favor of the companies, ex drugs,we need regulations favoring  people
Thank you Senator!! What a great day!!! 
shame that Democrats hadn't listened to the millions of Americans who didn't want ObamaCare, instead Dems made this mess
great job. Fillibuster Gorsuch.
Thank you for fighting for us in the war against tyranny. Next we have to save the EPA!
Exactly - not the time to rest on our laurels! Would you please now support the Universal healthcare this great country deserves and wants?
What town hall in LA did YOU HOLD during the past 2 months? You met with donors. Los Angeles constituents deserve town hall.
Thank you Senator for protecting ACA. Now lets also protect our Democracy from Russia.
THANK YOU!!!!  Keep up the good fight!!!  
.@SenFeinstein A Thank You to those Republicans who voted from their heart instead of bowing to the party.
The people want Obamacare repealed, but we want it done right. All of u r "do nothings & self-serving." A revolution is coming
Hallelujah!!!  I've been terrified this bill might pass!
Thank you!!!!!!!
@SenKamalaHarris @RepJimmyPanetta Let's protect democ by introducing Obama care cleanup. I suspect it will be universal care.
Note bill wouldn't pass this Congress but it can be what most dems want. I doesn't need ins.
Thank you Senator! Now need March for Truth for taxes and Russia investigation. Medicare E for everyone!
Thank you & keep fighting
Question? why do American tax dollars have to pay for illegals health care? I'm sick of it!
lol silly democrats this is all part of Trumps plan to get what he wants. He's 10 steps ahead of you.
@KaivanShroff this. A million times this echoing from shore to shore.
they pulled out because they did not have the votes. Stop tax cuts for the rich
This tit for tat is pissing me off.  Instead of blame how about we #fixaca. How about the Sen and Cong go without HC till done
yes! Now let's fix what the GOP broke on Obamacare! Get with Dems, he said he will vote on what you come up with!
thank you 4 fighting 4 us my life disease most not know Atypical ALS OR more pain but more Severe CIPD I4U
you and yours own Obamacare, and when it crashes, and it will, you will still own it.
