
Will you be so kind enough to post salaries you pay to your male and female staffers. Me and @seanhannity would love to know.
How is this Mythical Problem more important then increasing the hunting regulations on Unicorns?
man i haven't even seen a unicorn in years because of the over hunting of them.
My point exactly. It's because people like @SenFeinstein renaming others, don't take it seriously. #writeyourcongress
speaking of hunting: if someone identifies as a male deer is it legal to shoot them during buck season?
Someone should pass this memo along to @SenWarren She still only pays her female staffers 70% of what males take home.
Totally agree w/ou Strongly condemn your opposition to Gorsuch. Find a fallout shelter. You and your Schumer lackeys will be nuked Hooray!
stop polarizing
keep fighting Senator!
If you own a small business in CA-let's stick it to them with $15 per hr for entry level (high school/college students) positions! BS
Since 56 Democrats in Congress are Socialists, do your part on wealth redistribution; make up the differences from your undeserved paychecks
It used to be 73%, like a year ago. Either you're lying, or...no that's it. You're a liar
Lovely how u cling 2 any bs 2 avoid doing any meaningful work. The only "wage gap" issue is how much Senators make compared to everyone else
Equal pay 4 equal work
But we have to kill regs that job creation lurk
Get feds and state off our backs
Let private sector bet back on track
You should tell @SenWarren : Elizabeth Warren’s Female Staffers Made 71% of Male Staffers’ Salaries in 2016 -
Equal pay has been federal law for decades. 
https://www.eeoc.gov/laws/statutes/epa.cfm …
Would you blame Obamas 8 yrs for not equalizing the "pay gap?"
Also I am going to do more to ensure CA does better by making sure that you CA Dems are done in these next elections. Lifetime CA res r done
FAKE NEWS -- does not adjust for tenure, experience, education or job level. FACT Women CEOs make 52% more than male counterparts.
Why are liberals always talking about white privilege? How about Asian privilege? They make way more money on average.
There's a significant difference in the career choices they make, so why would you expect identical earnings?
Push for law forbidding employers request applicants provide past compensation. Pay me for the job you want done. Follow NY
Yes, WNBA players should be paid equal to NBA players
@SenFeinstein why don't you break those median incomes up by jobs. I bet you will get a different result.
Why not start by forcing universities and companies that get Federal $$$ institute a requirement for funding to equal pay!
Snakes n ladders. DUM. UNO...etc. Board & family games. data.
Pay Day. rev. Risk neutral monopoly. ext. life. mastermind. Chess eng, chin Animal. GO. Snakes n ladders. DUM. UNO...etc. Board & family
Why can't we use Asian men's earnings as the base line? They are after all the top earners.
Why is this wage gap being measured against only White Men? This is pretty racist and sexist. Others should see this @PrisonPlanet #EqualPay
Conveniently leaving out Asian men, who earn the most.
#EqualPayDay I have an equal pay issue I'm concerned about. What should I do? Call your office?
please confirm judge Gorsuch.
what about that hispanic women are more likely to go to college than white men? what about 97% of work deaths are men?
Funny... we pull salary studies for all new hire wages and/or raises with no regard for sex. Pretty common practice for a long time now
No its not. Your a senator..... Have someone do some research......
Put more women in oilfield jobs? That would bring up their earnings.
You clearly don't understand earnings vs wages.  Quit lying
Do we when Gov Brown signed into law bargains units it tilted raise to law enforcement the rest of the bargaining units got few raise
it is so tilted that there is a huge gap between the bu before we would get raises every yr supervisors &manager occasionally
Now the sup $mgr are almost compacted yet do more work looked state workers are underpaid do something
Humbug!
Big Foot is more real than the wage gap.
That is interesting. And sad.
Ooh, statistics! Quick, show the one about who dies at work more often! Who works longer hours! Harder, more unsafe, the stats are amazing!
It isn't smaller because there is no wage gap
de acuerdo
I'm but a simple man but I have to ask how can you compare average earnings of everyone. Why not compare people wearing like jobs?
Hey, @IvankaTrump wimp, nice going lying for your Dad. You should be ashamed of yourself - get out of the WH, get back to your children!
We have more important things to worry about, Di. Like our elected officials taxing us into oblivion and becoming a lawless sanctuary state
yeah. more than just talking about it on convenient days.
The only people who pay women less are Democrats maybe you should start with your own party
I'm sure those numbers do not account for types of jobs or hours worked. But it's cute.
Please, I can't afford your help.  Just get out of my way and that will be help enough.
you don't NEED her help at all. Strong women are doing just fine
Agreed. In all my 40 years, I never thought of myself as a " victim" and I sure don't need anyone to "help me out" damn politicians! 
big government: they shoot you in the kneecaps then sell you the crutches paid for with your neighbors taxes
#FAKENEWS
Can we trust the pollsters that they have their numbers right and have done a fair job of polling
You really asked have to ask yourself, who benefits from this?
The answer is Obama, Clinton and the DNC.
Perhaps you should start with @SenWarren
You also MUST fix your healthcare in CA especially what's going on in your nursing homes. It's #DEPLORABLE
The left is continuing to create victims so they can buy their votes
Lucky Sen.Warren does not live in CA she pays here women 71% of what she pays males
