@ninjaposition_ WTH? He is a dangerous man.
We are going to have an awful lot of very dangerous men in charge. I'm very afraid for my daughters.
What is your definition of "degenerates"?
1 is lesbian & her family, ALL OF US,SUPPORT HER. You & your little band of haters need to be stopped.
Kudos to your dtr & whomever else loves 
This is taken out of context. He did say he would uphold anything that the Supreme Court has passed etc. How pitiful of you
Well I feel like Trump supporters are targeted right now. Special part in the bill that covers us? No.
As a GAY woman...trust me....we DO "face that kind of discrimination."
.@missycj03, can you tell your specific story? It might reach some people.  @JudiciaryDems
People who are blind to facts and studies will be swayed by one voice? Isn't it more probable she'll be mocked and hated?
@SenWarren said last night that stories will reach representatives when nothing else will. Safety first, always. @Witziq @missycj03
I am lucky enough that in NYS under the State Human Rights Act, sexual orientation is a protected class
@M_E_Winstead makes you kind of wish you COULD blame it on bugs in people's heads, eh?
JEFF SESSIONS IS A DINOSAUR RETIRE JEFF THAT'S YOUR BEST BET!
We must never accept these barbarians and we must never stay silent #WomensMarchOnWashington #notmypresident #notmygovernment
trump's cohorts think alike!
May the gods save us all from politicians without brains!

with all the "I'm so afraid" liberals I can tell they didn't watch his actual Q&A..seems play on words is Dem way..
Can we hire someone who is sure that discrimination exists?
if he talked to the people he'd find out what their lives are like & how his lack of Critical thinking fucks us.
@HackenbushDVM sorry Rach. Not directed at you...you people reek of fear.Stand up & do something then. Dont cower & whine
The Senate, or women & LGBTQ, or all of them?
First day stuff.
that was an appalling & deeply disturbing answer @SenatorSessions. Coretta Scott King was right about u
@DangereuseProd Me reading this. Sessions is a twat.
racist Sessions shining up his chains for black prisoners. He wants them to believe slavery still exists like he does #voteNO
Life is about to change for over half of US citizens. I hope everyone who voted for DT sees this reality.
psychpathy, i think it's a brain disease...certain neural pathways are just broken
@mattmoore3476 he said that today?
yup
the point remains the same but just to be clear, no, he said it in 2009
@jtannenwald excuse me?
I mean, maybe someone will let him know
I mean...I hope so.

Our Lady Bear is such a useful character for times like this.
Seriously. I have a feeling I'll be using her face a lot over the next 4 years.
I'm actually amazed at how well @BellaRamsey portrayed that "SERIOUSLY?" attitude to her. Major kudos.
protection is important for all people!  Just because it hasn't happened to you, doesn't mean it isn't true!
What a sick & twisted pos
As a gay man, we have fought, but there is parity/equality today. There isn't systemic homophobia.
he's not the person for this job.
@aswadhin You realize @HillaryClinton is on tape gloating about getting a child rapist off easy...and monica lewinsky.
gross
@BuxySays Is he for real?
the middle aged white man doesn't understand discrimination? Oooo shocking!
I'm not sure someone understood the issue of what they are failing to address
Really? Where has he been? Or, as U see it, it's denial, denial, denial!
@jennygadget There are not letters, words, or symbols to express the sound my brain is making right now.
This is a dangerous position for the AG to take. Denying that 1/2 + of the population faces discrimination? Not good
That was a joke, right? Please say that was a joke. #SMH
fuck that
the fuck?
As a woman and part of the LGBT community, let me say for sure  Mr Sessions, we do.
Wow. Let's set the USA backwards by a couple of decades...
AYFKM?
What a nightmare
Is he nuts or just plain ignorant?
For crying out loud.
WHAT????????????????????????????????!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?!?!?!?!?!!!?
Is he smoking crack?
Now John Lewis having to relive what he went through. Tragic and heartbreaking
I really can't believe how out of touch Democrats are; really.
does he not read a paper? Is he that out of touch with America?#unfitforoffice
Is Sessions on crack? Is he that out of sinc with current events? He experiences discrimination when teased about being SHORT
Well, here's our "equal opportunity" they've been promising us
too lacking in empathy or understanding, in addition to long history of racism. VOTE No @SenateDems
is he serious?! What a bubble this ignorant man lives in....
and that is the basic issue. White men esp rich white men #RWM have no concept that women and LGBTQ are marginalized by RWM
Really..Sessions is thinking about his kind of discrimination..he wants them DEAD!!
And Ive seen more than u ever will. Men will grab a forward woman sending a invitation. Go to a singles bar & see
in court planning a nice settlement. Some men are dirty sex crazed dogs. But some women are to. I'm 3x your age...
WHAT THE EVER LOVING F---..............
Trumps comments, as men know, was about women wanting his attention.Had he abused one u know they would have him...
had many chase him.Admit all females aren't angels Amita. We both know how many females are. Not all but many....
I'm a sexual abuse survivor.Grabbing unwanted is abuse. Woman seeking money go after rich men.Trump I'm sure....
60 of my 72 years have been spent dodging men's unwanted advances or watching other women having to, OLD men don't get it.
WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK @jeffsessions TALK ABOUT LIVING IN A BUBBLE
shame!
What?????
I'm guessing that is because he is not a "woman or person of differing sexual orientation"
yeah, we made sexism, transphobia and homophobia illegal so clearly it must not happen anymore /s
Out of touch with reality and current events/modern times
Clueless congressmen, just men in general. Try living with two boobs and a vagina.
#unqualified
vote no on Sessions.
@DylanStebbins This is the dumbest thing I've read. I'm ashamed to be Republican right now.
I tried to come up with something to say in response to it but couldn't. It was just that ridiculous.
why not just say we will give them all conversion therapy free of charge.
He purposely buries his head in the sand.
I'm not sure he's fit to even hold the office he currently has.
NO CONFIRMATIONS WITHOUT COMPLETED ETHICS REVIEW    NO TO SESSIONS.
Oh really? Does he think we're stupid and will believe his bullshit?
@butzmom That should be disqualifying right there. #TheResistance
completely outrageous and out of touch
He's getting confirmed
VOTE NO
Sessions is terrifying in his obtuseness. He is oblivious to racism, sexism and prejudice, so we cannot count on him. #deny
Denied is not just a river in Egypt.
Sessions is insane.
this guy
I'm very scared for all my friends in America right now :( I honestly hope the ones that voted in T realise their error
@susan_kay51 Wow...he said that ? Hum
really? Really really?
@ThePaulTown the man has a point.
@maggiepriceless #outoftouch
.@JudiciaryDems @maggiepriceless now banging my head on brick wall!

Please do not let this man become AG
| That's because Keebler Elves live in tree's. Not amongst women & LGBTQ people.
WHAT!?
@Madam_Nyobi ugh just saw this sponsored tweet :(
So in tune with the needs of the American people!!
forever the victims. The world revolves around  your grievances? I'm excited that democrats hv lost 900+ seats last 8 years.
@IsaLeeWolf of course the jackass is not sure, it would be inconvenient to know.  Reason is the first victim of intolerance.
Exactly. It would be inconvenient. And he was under oath.
@JuddApatow Right's usual dodge: I don't know about it or believe it means it doesn't exist. Bill O'Reilly uses it a lot.
Then how can he enforce laws to protect us when he doesn't see we need protection?
@IsaLeeWolf As a Canadian who is also a lesbian & part LGBT community I am concerned about the safety of my american friends
As an ally, I completely agree.
Sadly Me & my gf won't be planning to visit US during Trump's days in office even though we have friends there.
I think that's wise. There's really no reason to increase your risk, and someday things will be better again.
Exactly. We will keep our American friends in our thoughts & well wishes for their safety.
Let's hope for the best, and do all that we can to make it happen.
@IsaLeeWolf awful. Just completely awful. I fear for our daughters and sons
And pretty much everyone else, aside from the people who are welcoming this. I no longer have room for them.
@IsaLeeWolf session's type of ignorance is dangerous if he wants 2 be attorney general.no excuse 4 this lack of knowledge
He's a miserable, good ole boy, hack.
An AG that has no idea what's going on in the real world pathetic
He cannot be confirmed!!!!
@ctus0w did he say that today?
no, it's a quote he was presented with during his hearing, then said he didn't recall saying it.
bastard. In the nicest form of the word.
what reality does he live in???? Talk about out of touch with the world.
Sessions is a danger to all things civil rights represents!
Wow. The poster child for white cishet male privilege. @JudiciaryDems @tkdmike
@WeaselWeitzel OMG !!! 
And just where does this quote come from? Why is it not sourced right here?
Sums up the GOP philosophy in a nutshell
@McFlyCahill90  What.The.Hell.
Send this clown back under his rock.
Please Vote NO. Too many friends' lives at risk with this attitude in the USAG.
@chatty42 So depraved.
#session is nuts.
holy god
Because that requires empathy, fairness, and a belief system consistent with the constitution.
says he who isn't either a woman or has a *different sexual orientation ...
@jamelbrinkley umm WTF?!
He can't. @SenatorSessions has a troubling history.
It's a mess, isn't it. Its scary, sad and destructive.
I sure hope so! 
As the SCOTUS has recognized that we do, in several recent rulings, he really ought to as well. Cognitive dissonance??
LOL!!!
Well,  who better to ask than some white dude?
his old school "motherboard" has become seriously outdated and needs an upgrade or replacement. This unit is totally defunct.
@shivie The man is unfit! He thinks a woman like me diesnt face discrimination! Single mom in a "mans" field! Unfit
Ugh, what the fuck? I mean...that's blatant ignorance.
@alfranken @amyklobuchar Sessions cannot be confirmed
what the what?!
Wow, just wow...
@asociologist The kind that rich white men face?
I can send him screenshots of some of the names I've been called on twitter, if he needs an idea.
@Corie_King
Face my life, face my hurtful comments, face a day in my steps. Sessions you only know the face of hate
seriously has no clue. I got told that as a trans woman at a job interview I should work in an office where I'm not seen
Ancient old values are why we are going back into ancient times. #TheFutureisFemale 
Layers and layers of lies upon lies. Can't believe anything Beauregard says,he'll say anything to get confirmed, then change.
he knows that's not true
@supertaschablue Did he SAY that today? Holy s%&t!
Sessions= racist GOP jackass
willful ignorance, sen. sessions, is deception.  You are not honest
@PPact And the nightmare continues....
dress him in drag & drop him off in OK City. He'll be sure.

That is absurdly ignorant!
what a disgusting cruel joke. I'm appalled.
what a non answer! This world is mad!!!!!!
asshat Sessions
looking forward to you confirming my AG. With democracy itself in danger, does anyone need rights? Gays doing discriminating!
@oufenix man that says it all. That should Enough to NOT confirm him
how foolish this man is.
@anesam98 While he may not have any LGBTQ folk in his family, surely it contains women who've had these issues? No? Lucky...
sigh
Out of touch.
lol
say what?!
Bull. Sh*t. He knows.
typical of someone who hasn't faced that type of discrimination in his life.
@margaretcho REJECT!!!
all my wat
I know it isn't politic, but I just want the committee to explain very kindly where Sessions can go (back up DJTs ass)
Sessions is full of it.
are you fucking kidding?
Um...YES. We do.
What? Ha...R WE IN THE MIDDLE EAST CUZ LAST I CHECKED WE WEREN'T! @JudiciaryDems
what freaking country does he live in? You cannot confirm that hateful man or his pro Russia boss
