(2/2) If this most recent Trump conflict of interest is not a violation of the Constitution’s Emoluments Clause, I don’t know what is.
please do something about Trump, I'm really frightened about Russian and N Korea
Didn't you  & your husband's company benefit financially from the HSR that you aggressively support? Hypocrisy much?
Be careful politican. You work for the public so let's not be hypocritical @SenFeinstein
Can't stand her.
Nor do we, add @NancyPelosi with a big thumb's down too @screenwriterl @SenFeinstein
I hope we never have another Democratic POTUS. It's changed since Kennedy. Communist all the way.
really and you're a woman voting against your own interest
I agree 100% with -> @screenwriterl I like to drive...try driving a car in Saudi as a female.
you don't care about women's rights you voted for Trump!
what are you going to do about China trademark illegal gift to trump?
What can be done? We are a nation at risk, perhaps under seige. At least by congressional majority that turns a blind eye.
he's going in the direction of dictatorship we cannot let this happen
Question..  why do the sons have secret service to open golf course in Dubai..  not Govt. business for personal gain!
Pretty sure it's a  First family thing.
Sucks for tax payers this 1st Fam travels all over the freakin world.
Seems wrong for "adult" children on company business trips to make money for their brand, should be separate!
tromp spent 11.3 million in 30 days Obama spent 12 million in one year
what is taking so long to take action against *45?
Stop your left wing BS
say it like this!WHAT IS GOING ON . LET'S IMPEACH TRUMP.no more polite
You are confusing Trump the brand and Trump the #POTUS.  The president has legally separated himself from the Trump businesses
you need to DEMAND that the ethics committee investigate!
THIS POLITE SPEAK IS KILLING ME.frustrated
should i have added a few curse words? <3
YES definitely. Need more FIRE
Wish he would leave our California alone, we need our immigrants we love our immigrants.
Dear Senator, how is it that Mr Trump is getting away with this, he must think the American people are ignorant. =
Too many conflicts of interests. This POTUS is not trustworthy. Congress has to take a stand for honesty and integrity
isn't this a conflict of interest #impeach
#StopHim puleeze
investigation is needed! Why is congress allowing 45 to mix business w/ office? #releasetaxes  #repealandreplacerepublicans
Obama's admin brought CHANGE "like he promised" the change strangled Lady Liberty & divided the nation! Good job Obamanation!
impeach him !
I can't believe what our govt has become! Chaffetz investigates HRC emails AGAIN instead of DOING HIS JOB investigating Trump!
45% of the country elected a man they knew had a trademarked name. Dems will look insane and all hell will break loose. Stop.
Even more troubling:  you are perceived as a relevant voice of democracy. Oroville dam in what state?  Once again, a joke.
YOU THINK!? Yet you ineffectually blather and continue to push for MORE law enforcement! You are GOP! Only fooling 'Frisco.
@SeanStepro You supported his nominees until there was a backlash, stop pretending this bothers you.
@RBReich can you weigh into this? Question in 2nd thread
Isn't this the very definition of emolument??
when will the Senate investigate Trump and get his taxes. He is destroying the United States
Please have him investigated and charged.
So are you going to do anything?
.@SenFeinstein Then DO SOMETHING.
Demand it Twt2 @OfficeGovEthics @civilrightsorg @SpeakerRyan @SenSchumer @SenMajLeader @ACLU @NWLC @MSNBC @AP
Shouldn't trump's China trademark be considered a gift and, because it is greater than $390, belong to the American people?
Stay on it!!!!
.@SenFeinstein (from a constituent): it's not JUST troubling. It's smoke. Please find the fire. I would, but you have the power.
so how do stop him? Senate or judicial?ethics board? His counsel? People of our country? Get it going!
@instinctnaturel why so surprised! Today he said not long ago he used to make $$ for speaking! Was disappointed its now free!
So, @SpeakerRyan @jasoninthehouse this is okay with you? It's NOT okay with the American People. THIS IS NOT NORMAL!
@msgoddessrises So please do something about it. The majority of the people are behind you!!
that seems like a personal gain. Why wouldn't he try to do something for our country?? Hmmmm make me wonder?
Why is he getting away with everything
Dianne, Sen. Mark Rubio is acting like Reagan, Commies under the bed. Hey, bridges, Roads Detroit Water. Do SOMETHING
@LeslieMarshall 

Why is it troubling? Maybe if you were a private businessperson most of your life, it would happen for youz
we support you in anyway we can push this administration to be ethical
please, you and your colleagues must do something to stop this runaway train known as Trump!
@indivisibleyolo - thank you for bringing this into the light - keep pressure on the republicans to act.
Sure looks like quid pro quo...
@LiberalJaxx All of this is about  $$ for Trump, America does not matter to him, ITS ONLY ABOUT THE MONEY FOR TRUMPS
@riotwomennn A troubling point. What're your intentions. DEMS Talk good games and do nothing. Are you afraid of something?
Pay for Play for sure.
Please do something about it.. frustrated at hearing so much chaos. Go on the news and talk about it!
Bravo for once again speaking truth to power
Trump won get over it . Trump won get over it. Trump won get over it.
So many ethics issues with Trump...any chance of impeachment?
Please Demand Congressional and Judicial review! America cannot be 4sale so Trump gets richer!! Horrified!!
impeach please
so what else is new? GOP Are enabling- he runs businesses from WH- T signs off on all their crazy  agendas- quid-pro-quo.
Gosh, if only we had elected officials who would DO something instead of just talking and voting for his appointees.
The American people need to know how much money China will and are paying Trump business...this is payments from foreign..
@JJohnsonLaw “Troubling” is not the word I’d use. How about “illegal” or “unconstitutional”?
Can you just shut down the whole congressional operation?  We are in really bad trouble Ma'am.
this is why we need to take Congress in 2018. He will be accountable.
You need to work, no deals. Push!
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS. Do we hear impeachment calls?
you honestly believe he'd do something that dumb? Please!!!!
NOW she picks a time to be vigilant....
ALL the politely tweeted Tweets is about to drive me crazy!Daily we see our world in collapse & Feinstein, @SenWarren TWEET!
so why isn't ANYONE doing ANYTHING about it?? you guys talk a great game but someone needs to ACT!! 
Please make sure the public knows that Ds are powerless to charge him. The only way is to elect Ds to majority-house & senate
https://twitter.com/SeanStepro/status/832715018470699008 …
All of this info is alarming , but if this no accountability , it doesn't matter. 
so he's spending taxpayer $$ on his Mara Lago trips &he's making $$ off of the presidency? Russian involvement! #investigate
do something
VERY troubling. And this is probably just the tip of the iceberg. It's  unacceptable. Please do whatever you can to stop this!
Senator, thank you.  What can we do about this?
DO SOMETHING!!!!
sounds emolument-like to me. Start an investigation!
Please, with all due respect, we have a Constitution that clearly states what can and can't be done. It's time to enforce it.
plz don't let dwn 'We the People', US citizens, our voices are only heard thru our legislation! Look out for what is just!
so what are our elected leaders going to do?
Diane 'We the people' demand justice to unfold regrdng Pres. Trump. Don't let us down plz. #wethepeople @SenJohnMcCain
why can't the people bring charges against him?Where r there are constitutional lawyers
we must act now and the American people are, in part, looking to our elected leaders to do what is right and what's called for
I'm just disgusted looking down from Canada  
I can't believe no one can do anything????
So who can pursue this? Certainly, not the GOP or Comey.
Okay, so PLEASE DO SOMETHING
Please STOP HIM IN HIS TRACKS, today he's out trolling for praise and WHO IS RUNNING THIS GOV'T #NATIONALDISGRACE #NOINTEGRITY
"TROUBLING"???!!! That's all??!!! So what are you and Dems going to do about this??!!!
.@SenFeinstein as someone who has done business in China, i know how difficult it is to get a trademark like this. #resist #Impeach45 
investigate this
You must push for an investigation. collusion, lies, conflicts all surfaced in one month. This has to stop. Do something.
so do something! This has gotten so ridiculous
So who's going to do something about it.   It's time for the Democrats to really fight.  He's a danger.  @SenateDems
Please keep the pressure on @realDonaldTrump   This is a nightmare for America
"Very troubling" my ASS! Who's going to look into this??!
Sen Feinstein..you are useless.
How about instead of talking about it, you DO something?? Stop making excuses & IMPEACH HIM! @SenFeinstein  @JamesJordy
Impeach 45 & Pence!!!!
Good luck with that. Don't see that happening.
Thanks for the tweet but ppl demand more than just a tweet. Right this wrong. Stop this ridiculous unethical circus #STOPhim
I agree with prior tweets. # impeach
Trump using office to make deals!
Impeach!
impeachable. Let's roll
You're a Republican posing as a Democrat. Can't wait til you're voted out in '18.
So you are saying Republicans are to turn a blind eye to corruption or the Constitution? Party over Country?
Trump supporters make no sense at all. They just as looney as the man they voted for.
who's supporting Trump? Lol
My apologies, I misunderstood. However, this made me LOL, much needed, thank you!
I'm just a Calif. Dem who is thinks its her time to retire.
This is not troubling. It's unconstitutional. Your job is to call for impeachment. Will you?
Train to Nowhere. @andreasgal @SenFeinstein
aftr supported 1 China rule&after Elaine Chao/MitchMcConnell's wife got her cabinet (she inheir China shipping corp)
Recalling something I once heard about the only thing evil needs to triumph.... 
yes, but what is being done about these conflicts- nothing!
I dont think this is a coincidence anymore !
so what do we do about it?   Something, please.
what is happening in the Senate. GOP have no interest in the Constitution, only self interest. This POTUS IS EMBARRASSING!
seems like the desire to stay in the hot seat outweighs acknowledging the insanity unfolding around them.
you're such a liar and a cheat. We know you're committing voter fraud and you're being investigated right now
Please do something. And now trump org asks to hire foreign workers at the winery? Will Labor Dept. say no?
I thought he said to offer to americans first.
are you just now seeing how crooked this guy is? And yet u support him! Investigate!
wow.
SOMEBODY STOP THIS MANIAC! He's unfit to serve! @realDonaldTrump
When #45 cplaons about not being able to do deals with Russia, this is the type of deals he has in mind. #nodeals
so stop it
@PFranklin72 it call a payoff/bribe.That how Drumpf going run his presidency by the highest bidder till impeached or killed
How is this even happening??!He didn't release his tax returns or divest his business interests!! He needs to be impeached!
investigate 45!!
Please go after him!!!
You were very positive when democrats ran show. Very negative when Republicans run show. That's life.
Obama wasn't playing footsies with evil empires and padding his own wallet!
What is it with you people. You lose this election and go crazy. You really do not know anything.
I'm glad to see this is on your radar. This should be incredibly concerning to all Americans.
Thank you for calling attention to this, Senator! Please stay on it.
WHAT??  I'm sorry this is wrong to profit using his political connections!
maybe means your husband won't get contracts automatically
Like they did when you pulled your position to help your husband.
@NormEisen FYI Norm please have CREW jump on this one too. Keep the lawsuits coming.
That looks like a quid pro quo!
Emolument clause violation?
Can Senate and House Dems - and some ethical Repbs - launch their own inquiry?
You need to be more than troubled. DO YOUR JOB!
Who woulda thunk that he'd still have his hands in his outside business. Impeach the SOB already!
Ben every politician has his hands in the cookie jar. Maybe we need to impeach you. Ha Ha.
And very illegal. Conflict of interest at the very least.
yes, I found that troubling too. I don't pay my taxes for this bs
Wallrus why do you pay taxes. So democrats can give it away.
It's called emoluments.
