19.5 million were forced thru your mandate to buy #Obamacare. They will go back to the freedom to choose after it is repealed. #tcot #tlot
Support @BernieSanders ideas of Single Payer or Medicare for all, quit taking millions from health insurance companies
OMG. Look at the VA system . It's a government run healthcare program and is a nightmare. I don't want the government running my healthcare
Obviously someone who knows nothing about the VA like me a veteran.
You can have mine, I don't want maternity benefits, like you, I'm too old to bear children.
False 20M got coverage under Obamacare. Majority that did can't afford deductible or copay to see a Dr. They have insurance, no health care.
How many lost coverage? How many more don't bother-knowing that the high deductible and high premiums make getting sick a risk they can't do
exactly! I was one of those people along with 5 families that I know. Now I pay cash because I get better deal from doctors
My doctor doesn't take ACA so I pay separately too... So much for the promises made by Obama
exactly! I lost my doctor to another state. many doctors are leaving california for the same reason!
Why should anyone trust you?
This is why we must defund #PlannedParenthood! The only service Planned Parenthood offers is that of abortions. Enough is enough! 
30 million without coverage from your bill.
FYI, to fight for something means you actually have to work to change and improve it, would be great if you would work across the aisle
Obamacare is failing. Don't know why Dems won't admit. It was sold to American based on lies . Why can't you admit it is no good ?
That they were forced to get, couldn't afford, buy coverage they didn't need, premiums they couldn't pay, all so dems could taxes
Life is a preexisting condition, and we all be there at some point.
Drug companies and hospitals have de facto monopolies while demand is inflexible.  This not a good scenario for private markets.
we the people demand a bi-partisan private investigation, we know the truth of colluding w/ Russia get this over with!
Support HR676, please!
By Trump firing the FBI director, will the investigation continue on the Russian collusion?
The ACA is dead, figure it out.
heathcare was already working for most before Obamacare they just needed to fix it for 11 million instead over 20 million lost their plans
I don't want to be fed and clothed by the federal government. We are not your animals to provide for.
Thank you.
Will along with c-sections
How can only white men be working on the senate health care bill? I am sure prostate CA will not be a pre-existing condition. But breast CA
You & Sen K.Harris, & a few more Dems should just go over & say " Hey we want to work WITH you on this so it can pass the first time thru".
Working together.... what a novel idea...
hey you know single payer gives everyone health Care, right? consider fighting for that
QUIT FIGHTING SINGLE PAYER. You are acting like a CORPORATE DEMOCRAT and are costing the party
& 38 MILLION WHO HAD IT CAN NO LONGER AFFORD IT. So throw the working ppl off their HC &force them 2pay 4 all dead beats who now HAVE HC
We have government subsidized healthcare, as employer paid premiums are not taxed as income to the employee.
$24,000 annual premium for middle level PPO for my wife and I. How many of the 20 million am I paying for Senator, 'er Comrade?
Don't give us that bullshit.  #MedicareForAll or retire.
20 million gain healthcare, by hard working tax payers!! I'm sick of paying for others healthcare...
Meanwhile millions pay $1200 deductibles w/$3,000 premiums in states w/1 insurer-while DEMs  refuse to work on solutions due to arrogance!
And 100 million people got rate increases they can no longer afford. You're so DISHONEST.
Hey genius, after 8 years of Obama, why are 68 million Americans so poor they have to use Medicaid? Come on o'wise one, why?
Please review your position on Universal Healthcare. America is Ready. Catch up!
Find new donors. Californians are watching you on this.
It's disgusting how easily judging people based upon skin color comes to you. You're an embarrassment.
The ACA can be adjusted to lower premiums and attract great insurance companies! Covered California can be a model for other states!
@SenFeinstein Are you on Obama care? If not can we know who your health Insurance is? And also how much is your premiums and deductible?
20 million gained but will it ultimately cost all of us coverage due to run away costs country wide?? There must be sustainable solutions
The ACA saved my lifeI couldn't afford the high risk pool premium $987 per month w/ $5000 deductible, so between science & ACA I'm cured
It failed... start over !! Stop complaining and do your job !!
#MedicareForAll Dianne...
most through medicaid which would have covered them anyway. the programs a failure. you dont even care about those that LOST insurance
Thank you, gotta say though, work harder to suppress special interests. Republicans can look forward to more Dems running their Townies
but millions like me also lost the good coverage that we had! we r paying more &getting less. even though I have insurance but cant use it
30 million lost they're  coverage with Obamacare. Why don't u report that little ''tis bit? fricken idiots in Government specially CA
Please keep fighting!!
Thank you Senator. It's got problems, but one should not burn down the barn to clear a few mice!
Fight hard!  Women need you to stand up for us!!
Thank you, it made a very big difference to me.
Premiums and deductable were so high it was worthless.
Not true.
Using the gov't to force someone to buy something is not "gaining" anything. It is a threat of fines or prison - plain and simple.
Actually every time you open your mouth or tweet you are guaranteeing Trump 4 more years
How about us that can no longer afford to either have insurance or to use because of rising premiums and deductibles, why do we not matter.
Yes!!  Thank You Sen. Feinstein and  Sen. Harris, Yes! being every Senator also Representative that is fighting to protect the #ACA
Working American people are tired of your nonsense it's time to start working for not fighting for you're losing your base
Thank you @SenFeinstein 

But please do not continue trying to cooperate with this illegal fascistic regime in any way. Do not compromise.
Thank you senator!  Please keep fighting to protect our access to health care.
Stop holding on to 1/2 measure status quo!  Go Single Payer.
You are ignoring your constituents.
what about those who lost jobs and doctors and plans they liked and could afford..when do you care about them
Need a woman on that completely unacceptable committee.
@SenateGOP @SenateDems 
Get Fedgovt out of healthcare! 
Too much fedgovt overcontrol.
Not true.
Covering pre-existing conditions must continue, even if change does occur on some level.
Let's get single payer in the states!
