As my admired public servants I ask you, @SenFeinstein @KamalaHarris @SenatorBoxer, to #StandWithJohnLewis and skip the inauguration
That's a success? 1 in 8 for MANDATED Federal Law???? I see 7 in 8 getting fined by losing their tax return. Typical Lib think
uh, that's because most of the rest are insured through their employment. Yeah, typical, right?
Dems do what they always do, fear monger. Sad that Libs continually never catch on to that.
Law forces citizen to buy a poor product they can't afford to use (sky high premiums & deductibles). Thanks, dims!
@SaulHZenk No problem Dianne California can just pay for their health care under covered California.
Part two. While you are at it why not invite 5 million more immigrate to our fair state and pay their health insurance.
part 3. Don't forget to set up free housing and food states. Maybe a clothing allowance. Wow how glorious Calif can
OH, the one that is failing?
@mch7576 not for long 
Thank you for fighting the good fight. Let's work to keep them insured by letting them opt into MediCal if the ACA ends.
and you have full packets cashing on all those contracts for your husband @NBC @MSNBC @FoxNews
Thanks for supporting CoveredCA. Has worked well for me. Glad to see you & hope all is well.
I am one of them. I spent 10 years as sole unpaid caregiver for my mom. With pre-existing condition I will be w/o healthcare
Senator you mean people on Medicaid.
And many people can't afford the increase prem. and are going to be without healthcare anyhow. How are you going to fix this?
I am one of those grateful Californians who was uninsured until the ACA passed. Please keep fighting for us. Thank you.
Glad to know you will fight for this. That is why you always get my vote. #SaveACA
That is because they are all illegals & you let them in, so don't cry when we pull state funding to sanctuary cities CA first
LOL, remember you said that when U ask for fire and earthquake relief. Perhaps we might even reroute the Colorado River. Then What?
http://www.msfanpage.link/dianne-feinsteins-husband-wins-near-billion-dollar-california-high-speed-rail-contract/ …

How many are poor people, like the Mexicans on Medicaid, on CA?
are they here legally? CA is about to go under under the dem leadership! You're responsible and accountable.
It's called Medicaid. Lets give all, including Californians, excellent health insurance for a change. ACA is a disaster.
how many millions can't afford premium and copay. Your head it stuck so far up your ass you have no real knowledge
re.Covered CA.
I was on it now loved it. Helped me when I needed it most!!! Thank you
If they cannot deliver on the promise of making the healthcare better & making it more affordable then leave it the hell alone
Well, they won't anymore after the Senate pulled that stunt last night.
I say make it easy The states that had Senators vote for repeal should be dropped now. people see the difference.
@Deemoney521 #TheResistance
Please secede.
@redhed67 #SaveACA
Not for long.
less Californians = less libtards.  I'm fine with this.
Why not make it mandatory for every productive Californian to adopt an illegal imigrant family?
Yeah and I'm paying for it. #repealobamacare
Estimates vary, but as many as 29 million Americans – about one in 10 – lack coverage.May 10, 2016 SAME AS BEFORE OMORONCARE
You know how important ACA is and that it needs fixing; why didn't you participate in this vote?
our insurance went up 243%. But at least I'm covered for pregnancy and mammograms if I grow breasts or a uterus. #MAGA
and the other 7 of 8 are each paying for 2 people.
4.9 million are illegal aliens
So now I know where all the extra money I spent to subsidize others' health care went to. Thanks. @SenFeinstein #SaveACA
According to the @urbaninstitute nearly 36,000 people per year could die because of this decisio… https://twitter.com/i/web/status/819642821007130624 …
if you loved America, you'd go back to California and keep all your programs there. They aren't welcome in my state!
we need single payer! The only ones benefitting from healthcare are profiteering ins/Pharma and lawmakers who have free care!
How many illegals are on it
illegals can't receive welfare.

no, you're thoroughly misinformed.
"illegals don't work they just benefit off the gov" says the guy, spending a Thursday afternoon tweeting
"Obamacare contains an explicit prohibition against providing federally-subsidized coverage to immigrants who
1 in 8 sounds like failure to me. Is that 1 an illegal alien?  #repealACA


Please fight for us.  This is terrifying.
using the force of gov't to force someone to buy something is not the same as making it cheaper and easier. #ACA is a disaster
yeah, and worse, you liberal dog, you have CA state paying for sex change operations for felons serving long prison terms. Ass
you stole mine and 60 million others healthcare 8 years ago - #RepealACA
NO! It's causing hard working people to choose between food/medicine! NEVER should have become law! #GetOutOfMyHealthcare
Dear Sen Feinstein, hope u r recuperating well from pacemaker install. PLEASE TAKE CARE OF YOURSELF. Jay
Yea, and 7 of 8 Californians don't work either. Don't #SaveACA. Ditch it fast!

OF COURSE THEY ASK FOR ID? Do you think you can just waltz over to the welfare office and receive medical?
If you're signing up for health insurance, you HAVE to provide your personal information.
HOW MANY LOST PLANS?
You are not a credible voice for change.
how many drivers have licenses? It's the law!
