.@SenFeinstein Then vote against Sessions.
So you think a vote for Sessions is going to help? Will he fight for voting rights??? FIGHT THIS!!!
Call her if you haven't yet and stand with ACLU's call for a 2nd hearing for Sessions! https://www.aclu.org/letter/aclu-letter-sjc-second-hearing-jeff-sessions …
oppose the nomination of Jeff Sessions!!!! Your constituents will remember which way you vote on ALL of trump's nominees!
Feinstein was the one who delayed his second hearing. I think this is just a rumor.
oh thats good. Although she did vote yes to the CIA nominee so I don't completely trust her to vote against other nominees
Good point, gonna call anyway.
Have you seen the ACLU's letter asking for a second hearing? https://www.aclu.org/letter/aclu-letter-sjc-second-hearing-jeff-sessions … Tell her this matters.
Here's what else has got to stop: you voting Yes on Trump  nominees. If you don't #resist you will be voted out in 2018.
and replace 1 of the most senior dem senators with who? hopefully she can pick up a few gop on the really bad 1's.we r a minority
Jerry Brown? Loretta Sanchez?
It's California, many options, a Democrat will surely win. No reason to tolerate Feinstein if she keeps this up.
doubt she will run again.just think it is foolish 2 b attacking dems when we should focus on gop.2 many in CA
Agreed. And you can back up these words with actions in voting AGAINST Trump's cabinet nominees. Start with Sessions.
What better signal of your concern than voting against the thug who’ll be carrying out the voter suppression?
yes you and other dems have told us what must/ must not happen. We know that. Why are you all voting for his nominees?
vote no on sessions, diane.
please do not vote yes on Trump appointees! I have voted you for decades, please don't let us down!
SO DON'T CONFIRM SESSIONS.
.@SenFeinstein votes speak louder than words. We watched you vote for Pompeo the Torturer with dismay. Vote no on Sessions
I believe illegal aliens and dead people are voting, FACT there is fraud at some level, common sense, should be investigated
then you and my fellow #Vermonters @SenatorLeahy @SenSanders must stand loudly and firmly against #JeffSessions for #AG
One of BIGGEST reasons to stop Sessions is his stated INTENTION to suppress Voting & his opposition to the Voting Rights Act.
It's all a smoke screen. Concentrate on the gag orders on the EPA, the attacks on planned parenthood. Stop this GOP attach
Then you better not vote to approve Jeff Sessions.
what will you Dem leaders actually DO abt any of this. Talk is cheap
Then why not investigate and find out? You give driver's licenses to illegals and have lax procedures on voting.
@jeffcannata Speaking of voting, it’d be super if you’d quit rubber stamping every Trump nominee
Could you also make sure the phone number at your taxpayer-funded office actually picks up? kthx
tried to call to urge vote against Sessions. Your voicemail was full. Please reject him.
She has 4 state offices, try one of these - I can NEVER reach her in DC.
Do NOT approve any more of Trumps insane cabinet nominees.If you don't stand up,I can't support you any longer. CA zip 90272
I agree with the ACLU that there should be a 2nd hearing for Sessions https://www.aclu.org/letter/aclu-letter-sjc-second-hearing-jeff-sessions … Pls share!
I am your constituent and I ask  you to vote no on Sessions!
Call too if you haven't yet and refer to the letter from ACLU! https://www.aclu.org/letter/aclu-letter-sjc-second-hearing-jeff-sessions …
Senator, it’s bigger than this. He’s a Jim Jones. He’s a Dan White. You know what happens, you were there. We must stop him.
glad to hear you say this. Please follow through on this sentiment and vote No on Jeff Sessions!!
You must be totally out of touch if you didn't hear Obama say on TV that Illegals should vote, echoing Jerry Brown. PLEASE GO!
Did you say that to Jill Stein?
so, why are you so opposed to investigating voter fraud?  I certainly didn't hear your voice when Clinton and Stein recounted.
Thank you for living in a reality-based world!
KEEP PUSHING BACK AGAINST TRUMP

HE IS GOING TO USE THIS TO KEEP PEOPLE FROM VOTING!
We should absolutely do Election Audits in every State. Audit all states @realDonaldTrump & the true winner will be revealed.
your phones are jammed. Been trying for 2 weeks. Pls set up a vmail so your constituents can leave a msg. #stopsessions
I agree so stop the voter fraud. Too many illegals and dead people are voting.
like the Tea Party we will primary u out of office! W Dems like u who needs Repubs. Stand up and vote NO on evry nominee!
Based on what was said at his confirmation hearing I believe Jeff Sessions will further attacks on voting rights. Pls vote no.
Please make a statement saying "NO" on Sessions
thank you Senator. Please vote no-tillerson, DEVOS,sessions,pudzer
appointing Sessions is part of this attack. Please vote against.
Call her if you haven't yet & stand with ACLU's push for a second hearing. https://www.aclu.org/letter/aclu-letter-sjc-second-hearing-jeff-sessions …
Agree. So why not publically state you will oppose Sessions of AG? He has a long history against equality
then vote #no on #JeffSessions
agreed! maybe come out and oppose voting rights opponent number one in Sessions?  What's taking so long?
STOP VOTING YES ON TRUMP NOMS! SPINELESS DEMOCRATS! #vichyDemocrats
your office is unreachable and mail boxes full all day. I would like to request a tally of constituent feedback on @BetsyDeVos
yes please vote no on devos.  And the rest of the corporate cabal.
Please, Senator, all Americans must take a pause from politics and attack trump with every breath they take.
I expect both my senators, you and @KamalaHarris to vote against all Trump nominees
How will you vote on the confirmation of Jeff Sessions? Yes, or No?  A YES vote will betray your constituents.
vote no on sessions
hey if you vote Sessions I'm never voting for you again. WE WILL VOTE YOU OUT!
@SenateDems  DO NOT vote to approve Sessions et al - your phone lines aren't working but your patriotic supporters say NO 
So don't confirm Sessions. Because he wants to further repress the vote!
can't reach your offices by phone, say no to Sessions and all of Trump's remaining nominees, and shame on you for voting yes
and by the way, it's completely ridiculous that you need people to tell you this, what is wrong with you?
WE ARE BEGGING YOU TO VOTE "NO" ON SESSIONS. TY, Your Constituents
Don't fold and keep your backbone Senator Feinstein. Vote no to Jeff Sessions!
I can't get thru by phone. Please vote NO on Sessions or demand delayed vote. Look @ what Tillerson Vote got Us- Sr staff gone
Then don't vote yes on Sessions. Easy.
Then don't vote to confirm Sessions!
The investigation into our election must be an independent, bipartisan investigation that also explores Russian interference
.@SenFeinstein Then vote no on these voter suppression enabling nominees.
why are you rubbing our noses in the mess that each of the people you are now confirming want to make of their departments?
Senator, when are you going to choose to make a stand? If you're hoping that he's going to hang himself, GOP will prop him up.
Please vote on AG Sessions to help stop this type of nonsense
Why are you even considering voting for Sessions? Why do you even need to be asked to do the decent thing?
But why won't you stop Jeff Sessions? We can't win 2018 with someone who won't fight voter suppression.
VOTE NOOOOOOOOO on Sessions!!! NO Pruitt PLEASE!!
Truth! The 90049 is demanding you VOTE NO on all nominees. Be like @SenGillibrand. Be courageous. Be a hero to the people.
Yet you are considering voting for Jeff sessions? #NervousNevilles Going along with fascists does not work, #RESIST

Signed, a constituent.
Why are you dodging our phone calls?
we're voting you out
Your voicemail is full - just called trying to urge a NO vote on Jeff Sessions and the rest of Trump's unqualified cabinet
If you truly believe this, then you must vote NO on Sessions as AG.
Vote no on Sessions. A confirmation will be a betrayal to your constituents & ideals.  And please clear out your voicemail!
please don't vote for Sessions for this reason. I believe he would promote difficult voter registration.
And you can start doing something about it by voting against your colleague, Sessions
Yes! And it's another great reason (among SO many) to vote NO on Sessions.
do not confirm Sessions!  Just heard rumors that you are considering confirmation and pray this is not true.
.@SenFeinstein So you must vote against Jeff Sessions. It is not acceptable that our Attorney General be hostile to civil rights.
.@SenFeinstein thanks, Senator. Your constituents hope you continue to protect voting rights by voting no on Sessions for AG.
DON'T VOTE FOR SESSIONS.
Agree on the no foundation for voter fraud, but Russian hacking of our election is known & needs more thorough investigation.
DO SOMETHING!
trying to call your office. Vote NO on Sessions. you should be voting NO on all Trumps nominees
Agree. But please vote no on sessions. Can't get through!!! Vote no!!!
please vote against Trump's cabinet nominees and other appointees, thanks.
I'm a constituent, I've called your office, I've emailed. Vote NO on DeVos, NO on Sessions, NO on Pruitt. We're watching.
please don't walk yourself into a corner..Voter fraud nonsense but voter caging and unfair knocking people off the rolls real
however do address @Greg_Palast movie which documents caging which is why Hilary lost
vote no on sessions!
VOTE NO on Jeff Sessions. A horrifying throwback to the Dixiecrats. Show us you have our backs.
thank you.
pls Vote NO on Sessions
NO on Sessions! zip 95949
.@SenFeinstein Here's what else must stop: you keeping your mailboxes full & stopping constituents from reaching u!
CA ppl: @SenFeinstein may vote "yes" on Sessions. A staffer said they'd only received 5,000 calls (compared 2 30,000 to impeach B. Clinton)
speaking of voting...you are not confirming Sessions are you?
Well Gee. Then Vote NO On Sessions. Hello? Why do we need to call you when this is an obvious NO. We thought you knew that!
Only REAL Americans who have at least 1 family member from a recent generation who served in our military should be allowed.
Show us with your vote. #StopSessions
I agree, and therefore would like to stand in solidarity with @NAACP against the confirmation of Sessions
DO NOT vote yes on Sessions! Stop voting for Trump noms! Obstruct everything!
please vote NO on Sessions if you want to help voter rights
Keep going on this. Dems support the EXPANSION not SUPPRESSION of voting rights. Vote against Sessions.
yes, thank you! And I urge you to vote against Jeff Sessions!
why are you laying down and allowing his appointees through?
then don't confirm Jeff Sessions. He won't do shit for voting rights
Why aren't your phones working? People are calling to say 'No' to Sessions & cant get thru. At least vote your conscience.
Right. And vote no on Sessions too please!!!!
Please stand strong w/women and vote AGAINST Sessions. Our great nation deserve better. We need you. A yes vote is a no for our rights.
you better not vote for sessions.Stop caving and fight you.
Everyone should have an ID.  This is not unreasonable.
Then how about joining the #RESISTANCE to Donald Trump instead of rubber-stamping his nominees?
It won't stop. It's an effective way of diverting from Russian hacks and democrats are buying into it
@SenateDems  U keep stating what we already know & GOP doesn't care. Do WHATEVER to stop Pruitt. U R ALL WIMPING OUT. FIGHT!
Vote NO on #Sessions
PLEASE vote no on Sessions. You had my vote, please represent me well. We're counting on you.
if you vote yes on DeVos, Pruitt, OR Sessions, we will remove you from office. This is not a negotiation.
please don't vote yes on Sessums-PLEASE.
Who is afraid of what?  Other than the time and money wasted investigating, what's the real beef? Look at #Gerrymandering 2
Time to Retire Dianne.  Join your buddy Barbara and hang it up!
Then don't approve Jeff Sessions! See how easy that is?
@katie98026 Rumor has it, Sen, Feinstein, that you might vote to approve Sessions? Hope this isn't true...voting rights key.
she hasnt stood up yet
No on Sessions !
If you vote for Sessions and De Vos, your legacy will have a large, permanent asterisk next to it. We will assure that.
NO to Sessions!!
If you vote for Sessions, you're no different than Donald Trump!
California demands that you stop voting in favor of Trump nominees.  STOP THE INSANITY!
just say no to all of this.
Sessions' embrace of voter suppression is totally unacceptable, esp. now. A vote for him is a vote vs. Democratic voters.
then don't vote YES for all his fucking nominees. Have a spine. Listen to your constituents
voted for you in every election since coming to CA in 1982. If you vote for Sessions I will vote for yr primary opponent.
We R watching!We need effective, honorable, shrewd senators.  If U can't vote against Sessions, Devos - time to retire.
California voter telling you to fight Sessions confirmation. He is no fan of voting rights.
Make that two, Senator!
absolutely correct! I  behind you!
If you're serious then you must OPPOSE #JeffSessions !! Not happy w/your last vote. Now it's time to stand up & #STAYOUTRAGED
we will not tolerate you saying yes to Sessions. Hundreds of thousands marched. We will work to replace you
This is meaningless if you stand on the sidelines and allow a man to take control of DOJ who will ensure voter suppression
I have family in California, they and I want you to please vote no on Sessions, DeVos, Mnuchin, Pruitt,& Price.
what is happening to democrats? We are waiting for all of you to stand firm against Trump and his nominees.
Speaking of votes, really hoping you don't vote for Sessions or DeVos. Thanks.
did I hear correctly you might vote in favor of sessions?? I didnt realize you would do something like that? If true, Awful.
Draw the line by voting no on appointments. Show us through your actual votes that you are fighting
@SenFeinstein STOP VOTING YES ON TRUMPS CABINET OF HORRORS! Californians want you to #resist. No negotiations with #RacistInChief!
Putting Sessions in at Justice won't help disenfranchised voters. Reject bigotry.
Voting Yes on these nominees must stop. One more Yes vote from you and I will work hard to elect a Democrat who will fight.
It's time for a truly progressive Democratic Party!
Please vote no on Sessions, Devos, Pruitt. They are monsters.
what actions should constituents take 2 prevent voting rights erosion.  U vote against Sessions please.
.@SenFeinstein NO ON SESSIONS! What in hell are you thinking?
You must oppose the Session nomination and follow the will of your constituents. Vote No on Sessions
You MUST vote against Sen Sessions. He will destroy voting rights for a generation. Also, he's a racist. So, there's that.
I heard you plan on voting yes for Sessions, I hope these reports are false. Please do not vote for this racist individual
please do note vote yes on sessions. A constituent in 94110.
Maybe you should talk about Crosscheck purging Dems in Republican states. @Greg_Palast investigated this. And No to Sessions.
STOP approving these nominees. Please show the leadership and support us in the resistance of a Trumpian tragedy. We beg u.
I have voted for you every year. Plz do not confirm Jeff Sessions! Do not confirm ANY of Trumps racist cabinet picks! PLEASE!
You talk about debunked conspiracies and yet are still considering a "yes" vote for Sessions. Why?
Stop Jeff Sessions!
Scary your blind allegiance to your party. Time for change.
How could you be considering a yes on any of the cabinet? I am shocked at the Democrat's lack of strength.
Oppose Sessions or allow for massive removal of voter rights.
I implore you to vote no on Sessions!
another reason to vote no on Sessions...
You seem particularly nervous about an investigation into voter fraud. 
if you want to stop assault on rights vote NO on Sessions, Tillerson, Devos et. al. #GrowaSpine
Stop voting yes on all of Trumps nominees. California, be ready to elect another senator as progressive as Kamala Harris
if you believe in voting rights at all you must reject the confirmation of Jeff Sessions
Please SenFeinstein do NOT vote yes to confirm Sessions. I am a California voter of over 28 years.
NO ON SESSIONS!!!!!!   We are counting on you!!!!
the Republicans won the presidential race and the house and the Senate and all but five states thank you
#RestoreTheVRA
then vote no on sessions
Based on your voting record you apparently think you'll stop this by rubber stamping everything trump does???

#ResistTrump
please do not vote for Sessions! Why would anyone imagine that you would. Please! No to Sessions!
don't vote yes on Sessions or DeVos...#resist the Orange Fascist!
We agree. And we hope this means you will do everything in your power to stop Sessions from becoming our next Atty General.
Yes. I've voted for you every single term you've been up for re-election. Please don't prove me wrong.
