That's pathetic and shows that Californians are lazy and unwilling to work and pay their own way. #PayYourOwnWay
Yes, senior citizens, children, people with cancer or disabilities are the laziest of all!
Medicaid is different than Medicare.  There is a place for these programs.  1 in 3 is ridiculous
It's the cost of living here.
80% of families covered by medicaid have at least 1 worker in the house.
I don't want govt assistance altho I could probably get it. I'm happy with the minimal things I have.
Yes, but as you age, medical costs rise, and with children you're at the doctors a lot even if they are healthy, Imagine not healthy?
My point is that 1 in 3 is extremely high. There are many on these programs that don't need it. People need to take care of themselves.
So choose between home or healthcare?
Before ACA many homeowners lost their homes because of the cost of medical care.
I support you in this.  I am curious though, how did California get so many people on Medicaid?  Your thoughts, please.
33% of California residents are low income
80% of families covered by medicaid have at least 1 worker
Cost of living
http://files.kff.org/attachment/fact-sheet-medicaid-state-CA …
But as you see, the majority is still for elderly and disabled.
YesMedicaid for children and nursing home folks NOT for all illegal aliens 
It suppose to b a welfare program but CA is a socialist state now. High taxes and why work it's all free
You and Pelosi Waters need to start voicing the truth, you are gossipers and in your heart you are all hypocrites! Hear the gnashing of teet
NO To GOP death panels
GOP death panels? Aren't those when a gov't rations care, deciding who's worth it and who's not?
GOP picks & chooses how they want 2 follow constitution. They did not read this part enjoyment of the highest attainable standard of health
You're allowed to pursue it, not be hended it
Thinkingg you must not be thinking since hended is the past tense of hend which means to seize or to hold something.
Thanks for pointing out my spelling error.

Are you in distress? Your flag is upside down.
Please learn how to spell then we can chat
Omg work with Potus need compromise. U will not get cov for ALL ur Medicaid ppl

But we  r loud and proud!!!
That's because we're a welfare state good job liberals
And how many of them are not children, seniors, have disabilities, and have no business being on Medicaid? Corruption
If I & many others I know didn't have "Extra Help" many of us will die.  TY for your support.
1 in 3. You say that line it's a good thing.  I have children I have elderly parent I have disabled family member. I pay for mine. #Repeal
Is that why the state budjet of California is much more than the Nation of Mexico. Way to expensive for US To support.
Yep
And if that good you should be on it also
Welfare for illegals that's what Medicaid in California pays for!
Medicaid should NOT cover able-bodied people at the expense of the middle class, which is what Obamacare did.
Of course Congress should not touch medicare WHY is it taking so very long to come up with a good health plan for the middle class& poor ect
Or medicaid
Is it true @SenateMajLdr is bribing @lisamurkowski that Alaska can keep Obamacare for her Yes Vote on Graham-Cassidy? @NancyPelosi
Yes he is trying to vy exempting alaska from the cuts
That statement is wholly untrue. 1 in 3 illegal immigrants is more accurate!! Give away free bee's for votes is they only way Dems survive!
You can do that when CA receives their portion.
Yes! Before Medicaid they just threw old sick people into ditches and we're not civilized enough to help them without bankrupting our kids.
To do that well hafta remove illegals to obtain this goal. Great idea senator!!!
Can you please replace Sen Sanders on Mondays CNN debate?
There seems to be an inbalance somewhere.
Medicaid in CA kept my mom's final months comfortable in a nursing home. She couldn't have lived @ home. Mobility probs,  failure, diabetes
California makes A LOT of BAD decision's
दुर्गा जी को माता कहते हो और परमात्मा के बनाए जीव की puja me बलि देते हो क्या माता खुश होगी ?

ईश्वर TV पर 08:30 PM से
can you revoke manaforts passport so he cant leave the country
You act like the government pays fot this. It's the taxpayer...you and me! Time to hold the government accountable.
Vote no on this disgusting bil!!!
Yeah and it covers 2 out of 3 illegal aliens!!!
Having just visited a nursing home today I can't imagine a more vulnerable population. Medicaid is an important safety net.
No wonder Ca is going broke. Ship out you 10% illegal population and I guarantee wages will go up. Those outside Ca should not bail u out!
Thank you for standing up for my daughter #hydrocephalus #preexistingcondition
Your vote for the military budget sucked
But not extend #SinglePayer to all of course
This is because you expanded it and CA doesn't spend $$ well, so by returning to state, you can't cover it without $$ from other states
What makes you distrust your own state officials to do the right thing with health care?   Do you think they will steal the money?
Always money for war
Don't forget to mention that 50% of all births in the USofA are covered by Medicaid.
Run out the clock on that new, horrible bill, please!
Real question is why are people so bad off that 1 third are on Medicaid , could be because its a liberal run state
California? HAHAHAHAHA  That says it all right there. Dump
Medicaid covers one in three Californians? What a disgrace! Medical care is too expensive because of government interference over decades.
Wow huge number
R refund everyone's money who paid n2 the fund!
#VoteNOGrahamCassidy
Out of that 1/3 I guarantee 25% are illegal so you support illegal immigration
something is going wrong in California is a third of its people are on welfare.  I know the answer.  liberals in charge.
And illegals!
Thank you!
You mean from government hand out which been paid by others ? Ask them to go work and pay for their own health insurance . Lazy ass propels
1 in 3 on Medicaid is a very sad state of affairs Senator. This is nothing to brag about.
Those are stats you SHOULD NOT BE PROUD OF, Dianne! Disgusting that you think this is ok and justifiable!
You need the fixes to make the ACA work better. Please get work on this
Tell Moonbeam and Newsom to get off their butts and develop a plan. Heaven forbid that they might actually work on something for CA

I thought CA didn't have Medicaid only MediCal??
We can preserve Medicaid by not spending billions of tax dollars annually on illegal aliens. When will Democrats help Americans first?
1 in 3 is a totally UNACCEPTABLE figure.  FRAUD AND ABUSE, and it needs to be stopped.  Get on it, Senator...fix it, NOT protect it
OUTRAGEOUS!  there is fraud in this system, Senator.  Obama and CA lowered the eligibility for MediCAID unrealistically as an entitlement
We don't mind covering those folks u cite. We just hate paying for the lazy bums who wont go to work (& vote Democrat for free handouts).
You must get there asses off it. No way 1 in 3 people need Medicaid. You just have to many lazy people looking for a free ride. My tax $
I'm sure GOP is thinking "Yes! It cuts the number of Democrats by 1/3!" #GOPKills
Especially those in Blue states or with large Blue populations.
What the bastards dont tealize is that it hits RED states the http://hardest-TX.MS.LA.FL.IL.UT.CO.AR 
http://OH.SC.NC  http://GA.TN.VA 
Deedee, You might want to figure out why 1 in 3 Californians need Medicaid in first place
That's a problem in itself but one created by you liberals in California
Is it true the Republicans are trying to buy Murkowski vote? Can u please talk to her?
1 in 3 Californians is probably an illegal alien due to the betrayal of US citizens by politicians like yourself.
Make 1 in 1 and we will be communists
1 in 3? shouldn't it 0. You have sympathy for that ratio. That's disgraceful 1 in 3 citizens are dependent on gov't for anything.
That's not something to trumpet, Senator. It's something to be ashamed of.
@KamalaHarris  What the GOP has planned for American's healthcare is egregious. "Are there no prisons? Are there no work houses?"
Other states deserve their FAIR share...
Do you not trust how your state would spend the block grant dollars?
33% of Californians are on government healthcare. How is that possible here in the worlds #6 economy?
We r just coming off of 8 years of Obama giving away the USA to anyone who will vote left-wing & keep them in power.
You protect it. Why should federal tax dollars be used to bail out California. End the ACA entitlements! Taxpayers First
Exactly!
Don't you think there is an inherent problem somewhere up the pipeline when 33% of a population is dependent on gov to care for it?
That is the plan. Then they own you Politicians period both sides.
Just tell us what changed Dianne
Sounds like you have more on Welfare then working...maybe illegals ?
How can you say things like this when you dont support #MedicareForAll Corporate Democrats support Insurance Companies and Donors not People
1. I think stopping the current repeal bill is pretty damn important. We know Medicare for all has no shot of passing current congress.
Should never pass
That's a lot of people @GOP wants to harm. You gotta ask why?
To many lazy asses
Fake news ! Obamacare failed get over it !!
I see trumpkins are out blaming everything on undocumented immigrants.
Text RESIST to 50409 to send a letter to your Senators. Please. Everyday.
Senator Finestein here's th  Ugly Truth th Republican Party sees our elderly as non-productive an a liability that's cheaper ded than alive!
PS those Republican bastards are ungrateful our elderly pave the way 4 all our asses and we want to disrespect their lives with no dignity
Why 1 in 3?  If that figure is accurate, CA has bigger issues than health insurance.  What is the reason for this figure?
Please keep fighting to protect our care! Thank you!
Why to keep your lazy ass on the couch?
Where Is OBAMAMAN when We Need Him?
He's just trying to avoid prosecution for wiretapping Trump associates.
Go Dianna we need u along with millions of other people. Thank u for helping us aa.
How about protecting Americans first.  How about it?
Paid by our tax dollar. Yet we have large premiums and deductibles thanks to Obama.
As Long As-Americans First, Last And Always. Then, assure that those being covered are not fraudulently doing so.
Illegals... you forgot illegals... you know the “emergency room” healthcare cost loop?
Ridiculous! IF we have to have govt healthcare it should be for Americans ONLY!
So pay for it yourself.
How many are the children of illegals
whats the matter lady afraid you can manage your own affairs? guess you better get ready, cuz you screw it up and you pay the price not me.
Not a constituent.Current "Medicaid" paradigm,exp,spend curve r not the only way 2 run it. Blockgranting 2 states,may yield OH type results.
Then get those able body ppl off it as,well as illegals Oh wait - they will automatically come off- see those who need it will still have it
Great! I agree. HOW with the Koch money leering them to step over into the threshold of hell?
Too many claiming  #Mentalhealth disability. If Stephen Hawkins can work a 40 hour week, then the lazy #poor need to work & budget their $$
Do what you can. You & @KamalaHarris need to talk to whomever will listen to you. Don't give up and roll over! @senategop KNOWS this is bad!
Maybe...just maybe they should get jobs.

Medicare for all or retire now
Please call your friends too Senator. Like McCain....
Senator you should be working to increase business and work opportunities for CA, not expanding medicaid for 2 out 3 Californian.
Does Medicaid also cover illegals?  Need to preserve it then for sure right?
Are you nucking futs
Support bread lines NOW! Stop wasting our time!!
At least Socialist Venezuela has plenty of wild dogs to hunt. 21st century indeed.
Whoa that's a HUGE number? Why one in three? What are other state norms? Is  this because of illegal immigration?@SenateMajLdr @jeffsessions
Sick. CA most populated state & most diverse. CA provides for its children & elderly. Most red states leave their children & elderly to die.
Where do you think those dollars come from.  Not all comes from CA....the need to be distributed fairly.
When will you retire?
Start raising taxes.

What do you care? California is going to a single-payer
How many illegals?
