(2/2) The 6,700-page report lays out in stark detail that torture doesn’t work. #ReadTheReport
if you truly believe that torture doesn't work, then why did you just vote to confirm Pompeo, who is pro-torture? HYPOCRITE
@TurkanaDK How much more evidence that Trump is mentally ill and cognitively deficient is required before we retake nukes?
we are counting on you to have our backs on this and every other issue. Republican blind support of Trump is frightening.
Yet you voted to confirm Pompeo?!! Either practice what you preach & #resist or stop tweeting sound bites you won't act on!
And you should have voted NO on Pompeo. What the hell is wrong with you?
He doesn't read, does he?
You voted for Mike Pompeo.  Please explain your vote. My 92 year old mother and I are incredibly disappointed.
He's told us he doesn't like reading. Stand up to him in every which way possible. He's not acting in our best interests.
And thus,  why did you vote for Pompeo?

But you know he won't. He is incapable @SenFeinstein
Trump DOES NOT READ.  Senator Feinstein, we are watching the takeover of America.
he can read?
#LIAR!  #Shame 4 #Voting yes #MikePompeo #CIA #JusticeDemocrats #RebuildDemocraticParty #Corruption
You know he won't read it. #ResistTrump at every opportunity. That's what we Californians expect from you and @KamalaHarris
vote NO to Sessions
Does he read?
ROAST
our @POTUS doesn't read. Sad.
UNplanned MURDERhood is CHILD torture. Why don't you get that "healthcare"...slimeball DEMONcrats!
Are you kidding me about phone can't read
Does he read ?
are you also going to confirm whatever racist, misogynist supreme Ct nominee he names???
@BonnieLR_Writes Of course you forget that he doesn't read, doesn't need to, smart person. He's nuts and doesn't care.
@Mooseplainer Trump ... read ?

He doesn't do reading

Is there no abridged audiobook version for him ?
"I was elected to lead not to read." -The Simpsons.
makes you wonder if he knows what he's signed in these executive orders
He doesn't read, unfortunately.
unfortunately he doesn't read.
- WHY did you vote for Pompeo then?  You need to #ResistTrump and his nominees.
you're so deep into your own rabbit hole you only hear the echo of your own voice.
is this an aide? Or does @SenFeinstein actually read these responses. Your phones are off the hook. Please clap  wrong vote!
he can read?
Is it less than a page? Otherwise @POTUS doesn't have the attention span.
It is futile for any educated human being to expect this president (use loosely) to read intelligence reports.
Trump doesn't read. You would have to put it on Fox news or twitter. And it would have to be under 140 characters.
are you sure he can read?
you and I know he will not read that intel, just as he hasn't read the Constitution in it's entirety. Please stop this maniac!
Send the report to Barron. Heard he's a better reader.
Is this why you voted for Pompeo?
you know your vote to confirm Pompeo was a vote in favor of torture, right? You better vote NO on Sessions & DeVos, or retire.
he doesn't read! Remember?
thank you for your diligent support.
sounds good, but doubt he will.
Better yet, @realDonaldTrump should personally experience each torture technique. Let's start with water boarding.
yes, he should. And you should be leading mass nonviolent civil disobedience to protest all of his destructive agenda.
I do not believe you are right. US and Canada do nothing about anything it's ridiculous. In extreme cases YES stand up 4 onc
if this is what you believe then why did you support the appointment of pompeo?
Best you send it to Fox "News" & Breitbart and maybe they'll...no, America will be torturing again.
#trumpskkkabinet
didnt the same 16 intel agencies that Trump doubts, tell Bush there were WMD's in Iraq???
the president doesn't READ he lets other people do that for him and offer alternative facts.
Why on EARTH did you vote for Mike Pompeo and do Trumps bidding???
and you need to stop supporting his appointments.
he doesn't read. Someone will have to read it for him and explain it to him. No sarcasm intended. Sad.
Ha!  Donald read?  You're funny.
He doesn't read!!! He can barely spell correctly! He watches TeeVee. To imagine he will read the report is folly.
You're bending my love. And bleeding my Democratic Party allegiance.
Save the EPA; Save the National Park Service; Save America.
With all due respect, wouldn't that require him to read? Can O'Reilly bullet point it tonight on Fox? Only way to guarantee.
Before you bend over and confirm his nominees, maybe YOU should read it. #FueraFeinstein
haven't you figured out yet, @POTUS doesn't READ. He watches propaganda on faux.
if you make it into a movie, he might watch it.
.@SenFeinstein Do you really think he can read anything over 140 characters?
Please do not enable Trump to take *any* actions.
He knows about it Dianne, HE DOESN'T CARE.  HE THINKS HE'S RIGHT.
get a new playbook ma'am
This is who you are dealing with
