Yet after all the opposition she is still confirmed... Great day for America!! Enjoy the next 4 !! #demsareirrelevant
apparently not a concern for @SenateGOP it turns out
Thank you for staying up all night to speak out against her.
We're Screwed; sorry to be so blunt; but my sister is a superintendent of schools.Betsy is dumber than a box of rocks
Why would you say such an insulting thing??...
To the rocks?
I know! What was I thinking
thank you for your long service to CA and the US.  Thank you for voting against DeVos.  I'm proud to have you as my senator.
@jpublik well that means she  fits perfectly in the new admin. Clueless seems to be the prerequisite
but her family gave the GOP $8.3 mil that brought her an appointment
She was too busy thinking about how to protect schools from Grizzly bear attacks.
dems don't grasp basic reason for vouchers is to allow students regardless of economic situation to attend private schools.
bull shit.  The goal is to turn schools into private, for profit corporations and it does NOT improve education
Just like the prison system - funnel our kids from one profit making machine to the next.
I think the GOP is more interested in her wallet than her qualifications!
It appears she didn't have to..GOP just introduce legislation to dismantle entire board of education by 2018.. it's  planned
thanks for trying. I hope you see the same inability to lead in #Sessions.
the whole Dem team only got 2 Republicans against her? Your constituents need you to #stopsessions
on behalf of my #autustic grandson who attends public school, I thank you for your #NoonDeVos vote.
thank you for your NO vote
@stevieb164 shame on you repubs. Protect your donations to sell out America. #cowards
thank you for your principled vote on the DeVos nomination.
Devos doesn't care since she will be dismantling the department. Another SAD PATHETIC day for USA.
Are we surprised Reps don't care? They have a WH staff that can't even figure out how to turn the lights on.
Dianne you LOST again Next you have this Google & Apple with Mayer-Brown who has Deep Ties with the DOJ and Clearance issues
thanks for holding the floor!
Can CA implement state laws to hold Charter schools accountable & a separate religion from school?
I know you are doing the best you can-there must be some way we can thwart T'rump's nominations?
Which makes her a perfect fit with her new peers
What are we 49th in school ratings and you are not willing to try something new?
- oh, shut up!  You're part of the reason for this mess, voting again and again for Rep nominees.  We saw your record!
not sure how devoss will do but nothing is worse than california educational where the only learning is how to take a test!
Kinda like how you grasp the utter basics of legislating and representation?
Thank you for representing us against the DeVos appointment. #thankyoudems
Thank you for your fight!
Yes on Devos. Yes on Gorsuch. No on Democrat obstruction!
Thank you for your no vote.
So what are Senate Dems going to do about it? Why do you seem so helpless? People and courts forging ahead, while you meander.
what are the oversights and limits on @BetsyDeVos  in her role? Is she accountable to the Senate or just the president?
thanks for all you did and are doing
@AlayneBenassi How is it possible that she got confirmed?!
The only federal education policy should be the prompt abolishment of the Department of Education.
I hope you realize it's all out war now. There's no room for compromise. #Resist
Please confirm Devos and Gorsuch.  Thanks
Judging from the intellectually inchoate questions you asked, neither did you.  YOU SUCK!
thank you for voting no and for being part of the resistance
Thank you for your no vote,  Senator.
I am disgusted.  The reason we are here is troubled education in poor areas.
If we've learned one thing, the Federal Govt should stay the hell out of education... ;-/
Education is a human right with immense power to transform. Kofi Annan.  Remain strong. Our children need you. #integrity
Now what?! A gen of children will be without a strong education, and they will one day be our neighbors/leaders... #NoonDeVos
now that she's passed, we must unite concerned people and demand #DeVosResigns. Edu is too important to be under her control.
clearly you didnt either. How you are on any panel is beyond me
my only hope is her complete incompetence keeps her from destroying too much before the rep. are destroyed in 2020.
I was born in CA and voted for you every election. Sure am missing you now that I'm in Ohio and stuck with @senrobportman.
You haven't grasped much other than your morning oatmeal in years, but that hasn't stopped idiots from re-electing you, sad
Thank you for standing up for America's children and voting NO on DeVos. @GOP has prioritized a donor over constituents. Sad.
unfortunately the GOP just confirmed they're only committed to Trump and not what's good for the country
sad day for american children
Hahaha Betsy Devos is confirmed a win for kids and parents every where and a Lose for Dems wanting more money from Unions
public school is failing our children.  The current policy and program implementation is what is wrong.
thank you for saying no. Our children deserve better! @SenJohnMcCain #noDevos
Thank you for your NO vote. She is remarkably unqualified for this job.
thank you for doing the right thing
why did you say aye to every confirmation so far?
Sanders would have won...
your constituent thanks you and remains ever vigilant.
just enjoy your sanctuary city while it last
@AmericanFamAssc Has anyone watched a single C-Span hearing - over decades - where Feinstein was grasping anything but straws?
Pull ur head out dinosaur, help California were in the shitter! Don't you care?
she bought the job
@hoosiermum Vote No Wait...vote Oh Hell No! Easy Peasy 
I demand you #confirmBetsyDeVos
What's so obvious is that Dems are in the pocket of the teachers union someone is not unqualified if they have different view
you're still a sellout.
The people currently in charge of Education have NO grasp.  If she has a basic grasp, we are doing better with DeVos.
Thank you!
Thank you for your representation. Betsy Devos is not qualified
So glad my California Senators are voting no on her!
it's time for the @SenateGOP to do the right thing and say she's a poor choice many more qualified R's they could find instead
#draintheswamp of the basic tenents of the failed education BS #COMMIECORE and Unions. #KidsFirst
No she didn't! Stay strong Dianne. Do NOT confirm her. Fight. #Resist #ImpeachTrumpParty
You resemble that remark. Dementia is real.
Deep VEEP doom? #noDevos
Talk with Senator McCain  He should vote no. Nothing to lose Respect to gain
Just Like Trump
thank you for supporting #NoOnDevos
hope you pointed that out to the others on the record!
who are you tweeting this to? We have done all that we can from the public. Tweet to your GOP friends!
Yeah and what else is new?
