(2/2) I’ve now read the Rosenstein memo three times. With each read I’m more troubled by this document.
@Teri70487630 Then do something about it, Diane!
Sessions should resign.  Another madman
You ask for this, yet admit on CNN after looking at the evidence, that there is no proof of collusion. You are playing dangerous politics.
You are a true and honest person I respect you Sen. keep up the good work
Why did you not call for special counsel for Benghazi, Clinton Email server, or Clinton Foundation? seem they were a bigger deal than JC
Sessions?  You mean the Klu Klux Keebler?
Jefferson Beauregard Sessions, the Grand Wizard of Justice. 

Head's too small for a hood
There is not collusion with Russia, please focus on real problems not made up ones
Treason must be uncovered and dealt with.
Of course you are! Comey & Brennan conveniently "can't recall" or "can't discuss in this forum." Afraid of exposure of SO MANY n your party?
YES. Thank you!
Not good enough. They both need to resign.
Thank you. I hope someone is documenting by the minute the GOP in house and senates actions and inaction. OGEthics review 2 determine action
The most corrupted Administration for the past 40 + years.
Yes please yes...
Just heard from a source that deputy AG Rosenstein has said no need for a special prosecutor or investigation??? Is this true?
They need to investigate you're finincal dealings crook
It's spelled "your." Hard to be a spoiler when you're barely literate.
Pure nonsense Diane!  Let the process work, these people know how to do their job!
Perhaps they should be offered a few good suggestions? Will T start war to distract from Trump Russia, before this is done?
Good work, Senator Feinstein. Keep fighting #traitordonald
Who would be doing the choosing then?
@LindaMadison10 THANK YOU FOR YOUR DEVOTION TO SERVE AMERICA IN TRUTH AND JUSTICE!
I'd like Sessions law license to be revoked.
Everyone with a law degree - even in Alabama - feels same way, Sweetie. 
I am calling on AG Sessions to investigate the entire Democratic party for Sedition against a sitting president. All you do is push bs.
Yes!
Can the President recuse himself too? Please?
that shouldn't be a problem...they have no intention of choosing one.
Sessions is a cornucopia of evil, racism, treason, mysoginy, corrup and elf. How this guy ever got laid, let alone a govt job, is beyond me.
Now, now. Everybody deserves to get laid a time or two. 
As long as they don't procreate. AmIright
So right. 
It seems rather useless for the ones who aren't objective enough to investigate, to be the ones who pick an objective investigator.
So much more serious than that. Sessions has obstructed justice. A felony offense.
You go, Diane!!!!!!
As they should
Good. Bless you Madame Senator.
How about calling on the attorney genetal to resign after being caught lying under oath to Congress AGAIN?
I hope so, good luck...
Good luck with that one.  I'm sure they have all taken Trump's #HitlerOath
#ObstructionOfJustice #WorseThanNixon
They must!
Especially where Giuliani went the day Comey was fired ...
@MrSulu2017 If only @SenateMajLdr would pull his turtle head out of his ass and do the same
No recusal, let's #FireRod and #FireSessions  instead!
Chasing the wrong issue as usual. Our problem is foreign cyber hacking to divide and conquer. Theses no collusion.
Congress is becoming an investigation creator.
Please do not let up!!
Yes, thank you
Thank you Senator Feinstein!
It's clear that Sessions claiming to recuse himself is not enough.  He has shown a willingness to ignore the law.  He must go now.
Who does that leave to choose?
Thank you Senator.  We're behind you 100%.
We depend on solid democrats like you, Dianne!  We are now looking more corrupt than Russia.
Uhm, yeah, that's nice. You do that. Now how about you get behind #MedicareForAll?
And we're calling on you to get behind #MedicareForAll. Your $40MIL net worth means you're out of touch w the ppl. Time to go. @justicedems
Yes. They shouldn't have anything to do with the investigation, for real this time. We really need an impartial independent investigation.
Thank you Senator!
@DrTomMartinPhD  Thank you Senator for your work.
Thank you Senator.
@jeffsessions has lied TWICE about Russia. He has lost ALL credibility #SessionsMustResign #ComeyFiring
Continuing to try and make something out of nothing?
That would be about as meaningless as #Sessions first bogus "recusal"..
That should be a no-brainer but the AG and deputy AG would both need to have a moral compass and thus far we've seen no evidence of such.
Asap!
i love you and your spunk and fight! We won't get the "right thing" out of any #Republican. Sadly, that is where I am.
You leaked classified information!
Please join @KamalaHarris in calling on AG Sessions to resign. He is making a mockery of the office. The country deserves better.
And all Democrats in Senate must unite and stand behind you and for America on this! Tomorrow please.
#OccupyCorruption
Thank you Senator!
Thank you! We the ppl thank you!!! Keep up the fight for us Senator 
You are being too kind to them. The need to be fired. The memo is acutely disturbing.
Don't need one have three independent investigations going on right now HUGE FOREHEAD @SenFeinstein Just like this a waste So R U 
Snowflake meltdown in 5.4.3.2.1.  didn't a democrat women get convicted on 18 counts today? 
Sessions should be removed from his position completely after meddling in this issue despite his supposed "recusal". Obstruction of justice?
Thank you, Sen. Feinstein.
We must demand an independent investigation which has ever resource available to them, immediately, before they destroy evidence.
The American people are concerned, worried, terrified. Please do your job with courage, truth, honesty, and we'll stand behind you 100%.
They won't but good luck.
Thanks Senator!  We appreciate your efforts!
Thank you, Senator! I'm proud to have you as my representative. Keep up the fight for truth.
Agree 100% Senator.
I'm calling on you to resign.
Yes!
Can we quit "calling" and start demanding in the name of Democracy!
@realDonaldTrump You're exposed.
Will they listen? I don't think so
Absolutely!
Only if YOU recuse yourself also...oh wait, you don't have a voice. Awesome.
Get ready to moan with curious delight - the presiding judge at the DC Appeals Court for any Trump or GOP corruption cases? Merrick Garland.
Thank you. There should be a special prosecutor & an indy investigation FULLY FUNDED.
Thank you! Please use every option to get an independent investigation into #Trumprussia
Your conflicted on this issue. Not the credible or impartial individual to whom one should turn for advice.
Thank you Sen Feinstein! We appreciate all you're doing to have Russiagate independently investigated!
Thank you for this, but hadn't Sessions already recused himself from #TrumpRussia issues? He shd never have been involved in #ComeyFiring.
Wow.
Thank you!
Then who chooses one?
No you are blackmailing them. Telling them to get a special prosecutor or you will shut down the government is blackmail.
Recusal is dangerous!  Loretta Lynch's recusal cost Hillary an election.  Be careful what you wish for!
You people in D.C. Are exhausting me
Thank you. Do you think it will happen?
Thank u Senator
We need the truth and fast
I am tired of you all calling for things. do something.
You need to recuse yourself from congress as you have over stayed your welcome
Thank you for your hard work, Senator Feinstein.
This should be the mantra of the entire senate
why bother, the law giving a special counsel power expired thanks to Gingrich in 1999 see PBS article:
Feel free to call on Jefferson Sessions to step down. Permanently.
Special councel to prosecute WHAT?! No facts of collusion in 10mos!
how about investigating why Mcconnel is so adamant about the special counsel
I support your calling for this.
Pls.make sure to call Comey to testify next week& ask if it's true he told 45 he isn't under inv. 45 is a traitor.Why do u allowRussiansinWH
Kick ass Dianne
Both men need to resign; one because he is an incompetent monster and the other because he is not
If Trump were to fire both men tomorrow would you then claim that it is a coup and he is seizing more power? Or perhaps hiding something?
Trump has to go down first so he cannot pardon all of his co conspirators.
Thank you!
It's not just you.
For what???? You already stated that NOTHING has been found on Trump.  Democrats are crazy
How many times can @jeffsessions recuse himself? Is time for this bigot to resign!
@wjcoop There will be no special prosecutors. When will you get that through your thick scull.
Thank God...these idiots are pure sycophants
Where was all this concern when Obama and Clinto lied to American Public about Benghazi or Obama lied about IRS? #hypocrisy
Why don't you support Medicare for all?
Save us Senator Feinstein!!
Yes yes yes yes!!!!!!!
We the people are calling on you senators to get your butts to work quit the immature bullshit do your jobs or be voted out.
Please stop #trump from continuing to remove all  checks and balances from our government,  he is looking to assume a absolute authority
Better still if @POTUS fires AG Sessions & Dep. AG since he fired Comey. @realDonaldTrump acts like Kim Jung Un, Putin, el-Sisi & Duterte.
I'm proud to call you my senator. Thank you for being a battle general in or war to preserve democracy. History will remember you.
Senator Feinstein has done a lot of good for California and the US. She's a true patriot and a tireless public servant.
Special Counsel?
... but I want an Independent Special Prosecutor.
Sessions should resign. He is as corrupt as @POTUS !
Good. Thank you
Independant investigation on trump Russia. Senate should use the nuclear option. No vote on anything until this is taken care of
Oh, I so agree with you! This truly isn't a partisan issue with me. I'm uneasy with the multitude of Russian connections.
FABULOUS!!
Mark this: President Hatch.
Yes, a MUST!!!
Sessions should never have been confirmed in the first place.
GOOD
Is that all you can do is repeat Democrat talking points?
Thank you for responding honorably to this matter, & acting to guarantee an unbiased, thorough investigation. @SenFeinstein
Thank you
A Beautifully Sculpted, Classy, Intelligent, down right fine Black Woman. First Lady, Mrs. Michelle Obama. Respect.
Here Here! Recusal.
Continue to demand what is right-- independent counsel# country not party
Sure it worked so good last time.
Thank you senator
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you! They are too close to Russia to make good decisions!
THANK YOU!
I thought sessions supposedly recused a long time ago.
I agree and support you
thank you
Thank you, @SenFeinstein !!
Too late.  Now is the time for impeachment.
Watching the @LesterHoltNBC  interview my ears are starting to bleed. Such lies,  who does this?
Please do.
Don't just call on him. Do something more! Show up at the White House with bushes carter Clinton to demand! Don't be lame!
So do over 60 million of *we the ppl*!
I'm calling on Congress to move a whole lot faster regarding this Trump/Russia thing. Jeez.
Proud of my senior Senator 
Thank you. No business as usual until we have a special prosecutor. Too much is at stake
So who do you want to pick an investigator, tRump?
Republican who don't believe we need special oversight over this matter,  need to be voted out.
THEY NEED TO RESIGN ASAP PLUS MCCABE NEEDS TO DO THE SAME CAUSE TRUMP WILL USE HIM TO DISCLOSE THERE WAS NOTHING ABOUT RUSSIA BUT WE KNOWTHR
Give me a break. McCabe is a left leaning, Clinton supporter. Not to worry though, he won't be appointed permanent Bureau director.
Dianne there is nothing there ! The democrats are laughable with their hypocrisy! Do you job healthcare/ tax reform or retire  !!! Move on!
Recusing isn't enough for the AG. #SessionsMustResign

Developing: FBI confirms agents are executing a search warrant at the office of GOP Fundraiser/Consulting firm in Annapolis
Oh Diane ! We know how clean your dealings are dear lady!
Thank you!
This president and his Republican supporters have done more to undermine our Great Country than any hostel government could ever do.
@ManMet80 @SenateGOP @SenateDems @LindseyGrahamSC This is a must! This is getting bigger & dragging on way too long!
You might have to explain what "recused" actually means.
Sessions violated his recusal and should step down from AG.
.@SenFeinstein Trump allowed Russian operatives aka Tass photographers into Oval Office.
McConnell and Ryan also, yes?
#HoldYourVoteHoldYourVoteHoldYourVote
Thank you Senator. #TURNUPTHEHEAT
All of congress needs to get on the same page and end this rollercoaster ride!There is plenty of evidence to start IMPEACHMENT proceedings!
Yes please. And I hope your Republican counterparts will choose country over party and support your statement.
Halleujah!!! 
First you love him then you hated him, what's new?
Comey as independent counsel
Thank you!
