Comey's laptop should of been taken when he was fired on the way out and the Memos should be on them, they are govt property. Quit the BS.
Ever hear of a memory stick....
It is obvious Comey leaked govt property that should be on his govt issued secured laptop, if not then he has committed more crimes.
Lol yeah u go w/that premise He's a very well educated lawyer who I am sure examined all parameters of  issue In addition Mueller gave him
Comey is a damned lying despicable criminal and has been his whole career. People are not as ignorant to the facts as you apparently think.
LOL!!!! Such a shame when can't admit are soooo wrong But that's ok. 1 thing we ALL can see is that 45 is a liar....if not release the tapes
Your opinion and the lies from the far left, enjoy the company you keep while you can. Good Day.
U my friend r minority whose walls r clos'g in. I suggest instead of spend'g ur time attack'g ppl like me invest in look'g 4 good therapist
Have u lost ur god damned mind saying congress should go after Lynch/Clinton?  Do u 4get who pays ur salary? DEMOCRATS,UR job: Impeach Trump
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO HOME
I'm haunted by "You’re big, you’re strong...why didn’t you stop and say, ‘Mr. President, this is wrong – I cannot discuss that with you’?” 
Very weird.
ITS PRESIDENT TRUMP SENATOR, NOT TRUMP.  SHOW SOME DAMN RESPECT.
It is critical that these investigations continue non-stop. With our democracy at stake we cannot allow the criminals in the WH to remain.
He has almostall his  hidden won'tshow taxes renamedbusiness's, he is likehead of mob $ inothercountries $valueillusion10th gradevocabulary
Like 2 see your taxes bet u dont work just looking for freebees or your brainwashed by dems
That's "President Trump", mame!
IT TIME TO BOYCOTT FEINSTEIN SHE IS NO GOOD!
Perhaps it can be used to convict him of being the leaker he is.
Ever notice.The swamp dwellers pointing fingers are mostly from CA. Fakestein, Nasty Polisi, Adam Shit, Jerry Brownose, Mouthy Racist Waters
Obama legacy will be distroy soon.
u should be asking the same for all conversations between Comey and Loretta Lynch...

(THREAD) AG Sessions will testify before the Senate Intel Committee on Tuesday. Please read, ADD TO, and RETWEET these 20 QUESTIONS for him. 
You people deal with bullshit and seem to enjoy it, we real Main Street Americans are sick and tired of your bullshit, get to work NOW!!!!
How about any memos he's may have kept regarding Lynch, Comey or HRC? Aren't those just as relevant to the democracy of our country?
Really? Comey & fellow leakers r probably writing the meeting notes as I write this. I'm sure they'll be just what U obstructionist want!
Senator, I hope you insist that AG Sessions testifies in open session before the Intelligence Committee. No conceivable reason for secrecy.
Good luck  but I don't think it's gonna happen or they're going to edit them
Like hillary did when she washed her emails &took a hammer 2 them guess that was ok where is your brain
Thank you Senator Feinstein, keep up the good work!
Good work at hiding crooks hillary polosi warren waters sickening venom pouring out of their mouths u r brainwashed or looking 4 freebees
Somebody's off of their meds tonight!
Shame on U all for wasting tax payers money on your political gain u thought! U all need strong term limits! Crooke's!
That shld have happened b4 he was allowed to testify! U let him go on & on about memos that don't exist!  Also Comey lied & needs 2b jailed
You are so old until the cows do not give any more milk go HOME!
He says he lost them
You knew Trump was not the subject of investigation. Yet you lied to America by saying so. Your a swamp dweller and it's time to go.
Hey Feinstein are you also following the Lynch request to Comey and the unmasking by Rice and your hero Obama.   Clintons pay for play. ETC.
Comey betrayed his oath of office.Good luck, if he had something real, he wouldn't have had to leak.Comey is a dirty cop.
Lets re-call Comey, lets ask him of Obama told him to hold back on the Clinton emails? He said Lynch did, maybe it goes higher than that??
Why was Comey needing to get info out so bad when Trump mentioned tapes? Tapes would show anything he would have said in a memo
He wont provide original writing because FBI can analyze the ink. Just watch, its already happening. He should have just said produce tapes
Comey didnt tell Trump it was inappropriate because he was allowing Trump to continue to make mistakes, for a case against him in future 
Thank you, Senator. Proud to be a Californian.
Good luck with that.  Probably just an empty threat by Trump.
Already given to the Special Prosection. Go there.
How about you get Comey's notes (as if you didn't get enough from Comey already) as soon as Trump turns over his #TAPES!  #LIES
All memos including previous Obama years. Comey is a prolific note taker. #FastAndFurious #IRS #LorettaLynch to name a few
How about the memos on his conversations w/ AG Lynch? Anything there to be concerned with. Or was that all ok?
Thank you.
"Lawd have mercy", is my favorite saying from my mother-in-law. RIP sweet, dear lady. She would have been saying it a lot, right now.
Proud to be a Californian with two excellent senators representing us! Miss Boxer but @KamalaHarris is amazing so far
As you focus on nothing, cities like Detroit are crumbling, killings in sanctuary cities... your focus?
Thank you!  We need you to work hard and get to the bottom of this !
There may be members on your committee who should not see the memos at this time. Think about it, before you sabotage Mueller's efforts.
...just like a liberal...comey admits to being the leak of classified info to the public and all democrats can do it think "tapes". #morons
didnt you hear what he said, he already leaked them to his Columbia friend.  Game over Feinstein. Get to work on healthcare
He said he gave them to Muller
We ... are asking you to shut up!
Writing “memos for record” to document meetings with senior leaders is a standard practice in the Fed. Gov. & comparable to a diary entry.
Can you find out why, after being notified of the threat, DJT has done nothing to protect us from Russia and has returned their properties?
Just a thought - give SP Mueller's office a jingle ... He may or may not have copies of the Comey memos for safe keeping. Maybe?
I heard you gave him one whole day to comply. Maybe you can work on donnie's tax returns while you're at it.
Thank you, Senator Feinstein. This is the right thing to do.
Where was feinstein & dems when hillary hid her tapes oh  forgot they r always for lies corruption killing babies in womb ruining lives
TELL US THE FU CKING Truth and stop hiding it WE NEED TO KNOW
Why aren't you asking for the "tapes" of the mtg with Comey at the WH that @realDonaldTrump referred to in one of his tweets?
Call his bluff.
Make #Blogus von #kochHolster squeal like a the pig he is
I'm sure you'll get them from Comey. Will you get any documentation from the WH? I'm guessing... No!
Won't that intrude on the special prosecutor's territory
Did you subpoena the tapes from the WH?
You're a loon. Where are the memos detailing convos with your failed candidate HRC?
Thank you @SenFeinstein ! You go, girl!
@MaddowBlog yes yes yes! Get them before they are destroyed.
Will you be inviting @realDonaldTrump to testify under oath like he said he would? Let's do it this.
Yes!!!
He testified he gave up everything.  You have it?
dianne, stop talking, retire, go home and enjoy your twilight years, you are so ineffective, just go away
Dems now forever tied to creating a fake Russian collusion to take down a duly elected president & at the expense of the American people
You mean the memos that were written on a government laptop on governemnt time, then leaked to the press via a third party?
All memos!!! Including Obama administration  !!!! Let's be fair!!! Especially The Tarmac Meeting !!
How about all the memos detailing Loretta Lynch and the Clinton investigation?! oh wait, he didn't write those! Or did he??!
Great! THANK YOU senator
while you're at it get memos on L Lynch & HRC. Full disclosure please.
 Exactly
Comey said the New York Times had them. They're not classified for remember?
Keep it up!
We only have Comey's word he wrote the memo before he was fired.....and Feindstein will try to make you think it is acceptable evidence.
Funny we never heard about any memos ''before'' Comey was fired. Who's to say he didn't just make them  up? Didn't have any on lying Lynch?
Why bother. You can't get Coats/Rogers to answer a simple question that would corroborate Comey's testimony. Tapes are in the trash.
Still waiting for his taxes and the tapes which of course don't exist otherwise he wouldn't have volunteered to go under oath
Has the White House made any indication it will comply with the 23 June deadline?
I really want you to stop giving @realdonaldtrump a pass it is pointless
Why can't Mueller give u folks a copy? Also, if he doesn't want 2, does that interfere w his investigation. I just want #justice 4 #America
Please ask for Trump Tapes too as House Intel did today ;)
Doesn't the special counsel have those
Hate to be the bearer of real news, they won't give them to you.
And while you're at it pls make sure they don't take our healthcare away while they think we are distracted.
This most important. Please do your job in protecting us
Does that include #Trump's tapes (if they exist) that he used to intimidate #Comey?
How about Trump Tapes?
Tapes
Tapes
Tapes
Tapes
Tapes
Tapes
Tapes
Tapes
Tapes
Tapes
Tapes
Tapes
Tapes
Tapes
Tapes
Tapes
Tapes
Tapes
Tapes
Subpoena. The. Tapesssss.
Subpeona Trumps tapes as well please.
recall now former head of @FBI @JamesComeyFBI had required a new form b signed by @FBI agents specifically 2 punish leaks about Clinton? Nu?
Thank you for pushing this
Even as EagleScout 51canlivebyandhav by my scoutsLawTrustworthy,Loyal,Helpful,Friendly,Courteous,Kind,Obedient,Cheerful,Brave,Clean&reverent
Can't wait to get @SenFranken & @amyklobuchar updates after listening to them.
Talk to his friend he leaked them to, I'm sure he's got some extra copies.
Dianne, if he has memo's they could have been written any time. Proves nothing more than a disgruntled employee trying to get revenge.
You can win lottery won't give instant education or class! He has so many pawns like huge mob acts like it too embarrassing USA 
Well "ma'am" why don't you go after true criminals namely obama and hillary
How about Oval Office tapes?
Lordy, don't forget those tapes 
Here I thought I was the only one who still used "Lordy" as in "Oh Lordy!" Was great to hear it in #ComeyTestimony.
What about Trump's tweets and the timeline of his crazy tweets? Should be side by side
Ask for the trump tapes also
At least Comey risked family 4 country! True AMERICAN never chicken out ofmilitaryTrump coward and Habitual lier,Putin will never get $trial
Don't let this go! Our very Democracy is depending on you and other Democrats.
Next step for Congress. Amd I dont see jow the R's see his #ComeyTestimony #a win. Were they not watching? Thank you for your Service
How about any memos detailing Lynch conversations? Why do you cherry pick, Dianne?! #Retire TermLimits
How about including his memos detailing conversations with Loretta Lynch regarding IRS investigation & Clinton Foundation?
With your anger and your grandstanding you're very misdirected
SENATOR FEINSTEIN THIS GUY COMEY HAS BEEN BOUGHT!!## DON'T TRUST HIM!
What about the questionable tapes?
You rock!!  You also wore seersucker on #nationalseersuckerday !!!!!
The tapes too. Oh, the taxes! The taxes, too.
All his money hidden in other countries but look at all his trademarks out of USA for some$ answers.Other countries haveto muchclass to say
