How much do you get from the NRA?
Zero!
See her previous tweets. She’s saying that’s the problem, and that there needs to be laws made to prevent buying bump stocks.
Bump fire stocks were approved for sale by the prior adminstration. If she wanted a law to prevent it please show me a co sponsored bill.
Otherwise she is just blaming an item for congresses lack of action when they first saw the problem not five years later.
Just A Reminder = bump stock was Legalized in 2010. Hm-m, who was POTUS & authorized it? OBAMA. PRES. OBAMA. Heard of him? U forgot? Sure!
Ridiculous stop that NRA at least a little
Your man Obama made " bump stocks" legal. & he gave machine guns 2 drug cartels in Mexico. Also what about Chicago?
How many killings in Chicago and you say nothing. Why
Obama’s atf allowed the bumpstocks
How dare you say Islamic terrorists won't obey the law?  Islam is a religion of peace - as long as you allow them to run you over in trucks.
Lots of laws to stop him from killing a grip of people.........that didn't stop him
Ban them now.
Are you giving Weinstein contrubutions back?

What about the laws making it illegal TO KILL PEOPLE??? He didn't seem overly concerned with laws......
No law on the books would have stopped him from buying fully automatic rifles either if he really wanted to use those. #blackmarket
With all due respect Sen, bump stocks aren’t the real problem.  Let’s stay focused on the weapon not the accessory
Let's focus on mental health and not the weapon.
How about we ensure all Americans have access to mental health care?
Not sure what you are saying, but if it is that all Americans go through mental care, You need to be first!
Maybe you should ask for clarification.
And, if you're that bothered by seeing a therapist, maybe it's you.
Can bump fire without a "bump stock".  Can build one in garage for $10.  It's a piece of plastic.
Which Obama put into law.
Apparently the laws against murder already on the books didn't stop him either.
Bump stock. Are dems fault. Obama admin  approved them
We alreasy have laws againest shooting people.  Seems that law didn't work either. #CommonSense
let’s put and end to automatic weapons and bump stocks.
Wow you're so smart. After decades in office, look at the position of our country. Sorry, but you are a failure in congress.
Or semi-automatic weapons
And if he didn't have bump stocks he wouldn't have done this ???
You are right
He had crack his nut , checked out , crazy not everyone is nuts ban the bump stock not guns Trump 2020
When there's a wreck you blame the driver a bombing you blame the bomber a shooting you blame the gun. I've never seen a gun shoot anyone.
But there is an atf order from the prior adminstration that permitted them.The atd under obama made that decision no one else.
Bump stocks are a drop in the bucket
Ban ALL assault weapons. They hunt people. @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @SpeakerRyan @CoryBooker @RepJoshG @SenatorMenendez
And there will be NO NEW LAW TO STOP IT EITHER, 2nd Amendment rules the land not liberal gun grabbers like yourself@nonewgunlaws
You are right
It's against the law to murder people but yet it happens everyday so you think making more laws is the answer one word Chicago
What about the laws that are on the books of which he broke? No law could have stopped this.
STARVE the NRA.
Senator, you are preying on the uninformed. You know the majority of people here don't even know what a semi- automatic gun is. Shameful.
Why didn't you question Obama's decision in 2010?
Or getting guns.... he passed all the background checks ! Work with the NRA and stop the babbling !
Easily can make one in a garage. Or a 3-D printer would work.
Get that law passed NOW!
Good. No law SHOULD restrict what the public can and can't have. This goes for everything not just guns.
https://youtu.be/7Yo0_Cc-5_g  this is proof ab the nukes
Banning bump stocks is like putting a bandaid on a sucking chest wound. #halfmeasure
Fine. Get busy and CHANGE THE DAMN LAW.
No law would have stopped him from causing destruction, period.
They can also be 3D printed so enjoy your feel-good legislation
Ya, we know. Shut up already.
Bump stocks all sold out now
And just think if you too half the energy u spend on bashing @realDonaldTrump - on OBAMA who GREENLIGHTED THEM
No law on the books would have stopped him from breaking all the other laws on the books he broke. Get it yet?
Thanks to Obama ATF....
If you are hell bent on buying bump stops, he would get them.  Cocaine is illegal and you can buy it
HUH? With all due respect, are you actually on drugs right now mam?How much did NRA pay you? Not worth ur reputation n name. Disappointed 
So make a law!!
I guess the only 1 U trust with Full Auto weapons R those in Hollywood ?? Plus Bombs  Hand grenades & so forth
And if there was such a law, he probably would have ignored it. Criminals, incl. murderers, don't obey laws-- the definition of criminal.
States, such as NY Gov. said” none in his state” can control the problem if there is on. Shooter was only one. How many stocks produced? 1/
Will you be calling next for confiscation? 2/
Dianne, he could've modified the rifles without bump stocks. No law would've  stopped that either. The gun debate is only a distraction.
It's not about the weapon it's about the evil within someone.  Remember he had bomb material also, which could have been far worse.
Senator LEGISLATE limits on ammo magazines for assault hand guns/rifles-
Let’s keep it that way. No new gun control laws!!!
Why didn't law about murder stop him?
Jeremiah 13:23
Can the Ethiopian change his skin,
or the leopard his spots?

then may you also do good, 
that are accustomed to do evil.
What law would have stopped him from firing into a crowd with regular stocks?  SMH
Nor the quantity of weapons, nor semi automatic weapons.  We can't even trace ownership in real time.  We need gun control now!
No! Only Criminals would have access like Chicago
So your theory is if there were no bump stocks he wouldn't have flown a plane of explosives into the crowd?
No law on the books would have prevented him from making them either.
3D printers make bump stocks, but bump stocks don't make plane bombs
That's because you didn't write one in 2010. You're being very defensive about this because you know democrats are to blame.
Appalling that Congress vehemently opposed your proposal to ban these devices in 2013. They claim ignorance now. I call BS
Why didn't she oppose them in 2010 when democrats owned Washington?  Too busy wasting our money
And now the world knows what they are and how to use them. #RejectTheNRA #EndGunViolence @MomsDemand
Guns are the problem. It's social and moral decay of hatred incited by liberals
I have no idea what a bump stock is.
Then it's time or rather past time, to change the laws.
no law you can come up with will stop evil. and no law you can come up with will not help.but will destroy freedom of law abiding americans
Don't forget the 50 lbs of explosives and 2 jet fuel tanks next to event, thousands would have died. Its the person not the gun that killed!
Law only outlines the bare minimum. No law would’ve stopped T McVeigh from buying the fertilizer and diesel.
It's time to get sensible laws on the books.
Really? What laws do you think would have stopped him?
We know your agenda... No martial law uphold our Second Ammendment!! stop influx of refugees and illegals.. America First!!
These people are lawless... Therefore would have not legally obtained... prolly got it from Holder and Obama..  you don't hold accountable
Thanks for your 30 years of work for gun safety. Congress should have passed your 2014 bill after SandyHook.
Stop blaming an inanimate object. Fix mental health!!!
Or are you mentally challenged as well?
#LasVegas
#LasVegasShooting 
#LasVegasStrong
Data base would flag all those gun buys.
There is already a data base on gun purchases. Get the facts
looks like u and US CONGRESS never learn u just talk. lunatic in Las Vegas had money to pay tax to own 5 fully auto guns , ?
The Law does not seem to stop people from buying: COCAINE, METH, HEROIN,ACID ... or any other drug they can afford to buy.
No law on the books or background check stopped him either. Focus on the correct problem.
Where did he get his gun knowledge? Someone trained him. Someone knew.
He did make several trips to Middle East

MD THEY ARE UNRELIABLE THE AR15 THAT WAS PUT BY HIM HAD A TACTICAL SIGHT WHICH HAS NO magnification a person that films their self and makes
How many people California have applied for concealed weapon permits. You said no one in California wants guns.  You lie.
what are you doing about Hollywood promoting assault weapons in violent movies and violent video games that are kids are zoned out on ?
Y the bump stock  theory doesnt work 1 bump stocks sux their fun to shoot but a bitch to  aim and with out a bi pod u can't control the rnds
Exactly.  He probably would have killed more not just wounded...
Like I said the bump stock sux if he was a "gun runner " like they said he would have went full auto or if he was a "master mind" like they
There's a law against murder and he still did.
FUCK U WHORE 12 GUNS  WELL HOW MANY SHOOTERS
No law period would have stopped him.
The Socialists who LOVE a cellulite bulging polyester pant suit wearing Criminal Clinton are the reprobates who want to manage gun control
Bad gun parts, criminal gun parts, evil gun parts. Let prosecute the bad, very bad gun parts. Oh, wait a minute. It's not the parts. It's...
If people are the problem, why should we arm them?
No law on the books thanks to the Obama Administration
So what's your point ? You murder Babies! And want Laws making it Legal !
Guess you should take that up with @BarackObama.
Las Vegas shooter supposedly alone killed more than 50ppl without havin one shell casing in his entire hotel room witness say 2 ppl but hey
Um there is a law against shooting people and that didn’t seem to matter did it???
Yeah, we probably shouldn't do anything.
Would you prefer to arrest someone for murder or possession?
#GunControlNow
So you admit a law will not prevent anyone who wants a weapon from getting it.
No, I'm saying if something is criminalized, it adds more illegal steps to committing a crime, and provides more chances to stop someone.
Let's make a law.
However it may stop FUTURE such massacres!  Thank you for what you do to keep us safe
PASS LAWS THAT ANY ONE BUYING SEVERAL GUNS! ASK MANY QUESTIONS! HABITS AND MUCH MORE !ASSOCIATES ;AND FOR SEVERAL MONTHS KEEP ON WATCH LIST!
and al your do is evading the real work you need to be doing in Congress, get up off you moral ass and do your job.
Senator this is going to be an ever going problem. it is uncertain what an individual would either modify, alter or improve the performance
of any fire arm that our law has provided us the title and right to arm ourselves. from one who is running for US Senator of California to
a person that is already there taking it in stride. we might have to re evaluate our gun licenses or perhaps psychological background before
issuing new registered gun owners .. not sure, it is the most sensitive subject that our nation holds. @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @Heritage
No law should prevent one from doing so.
Las Vegas shooter outfitted 12 semi-automatic weapons w/ bump stocks. No law on the books would have stopped him from buying bump stocks.
And no law you can put on the books would have stopped him from killing 60 people.
You forgot to mention the Law that Obama passed made it possible for the Shooter to buy the Bump Stocks in the 1st place
This country has gone mad. All assault rifles and attachments must be outlawed. Period. Get some balls congress
What is an assault rifle? 30-06?45?22?233? Anything becomes assault weapon if you assault people. Assault bat? Assault knife?
Did U discuss this with UR hero Obama?
FEINSTEIN  : FAKE SENATOR
So what makes you think another one will?
Who would ever approve such a device?  @BarackObama administration?  Blood on their hands?
Should be except for former Military
Military has no need for bump stocks. Things should just be gone.
Thanks to the democratic led govt at the time
Another lie. The law is there related to automatic weapons. #FakeNews.
Just like george soros
