ACA & any kind of Health Insurance is NOT 1 of the powers given Congress in the US Constitution.  Have you read it Senator?
affordable care act is bad law period.
You want  more laws & your problem is that Trump is trying to enforce the ones on the books.Afraid one of them wld apply to u?
pure evil
Afordable care act is neither affordable or care.  My son pays $400/ month got $3000 deductible.  That is no coverage.
ObamaCare is UNAFFORDABLE care. I say, sign up for it yourself old lady-you've already cost the America people too much.
I hate that I have to have this when I can Verily Live..TRUTH
doubt funds will be removed for addiction. I get the impression u will not let other democrats steer u!Watched u on Fox News
Building that wall would do a lot to slow heroin smuggling
maybe start with secure Southern Border. You do know Mexican Heroin is bad RIght? Than do something Senator.
If you really cared about the opioid crisis you would support border control & stop sanctuary cities.
Ppl don't get how awful this is unless it infiltrates their lives via a loved one. Thank you for fighting; it is so important.
Thank you for supporting healthcare for all
obv its NOT working now is it?!!!!!!
Of course you are form California and you are all nut cases
u can't stop the Trump train whoo whoo
your State and your party have legalized marijuana throughout the country, don't talk about drugs!
Why don't you work with Mr Trump on that.  He wants that too.  Stop the gridlock and obstructionism.
secure our border fool and prosecute doctors its not difficult to facilitate chage you just want people to think that!!!
You must get paid dam good to protect illegals trafficing drugs!  You got some nerve act like you care while giving sanction!
well, that should help them with their recovery.
Obama care must be repealed.   It's going to collapse .  Lead, follow or get out of the way.
you really need to retire you are so out of touch with today's world hoping for term limits for outdated career politicians
liar.. fake doctor
LIE but what we expect after years of "you can keep your plan doctor hospital treatment" piles of 
#GodWillJudgeDemonrats
Maybe if you would quit advocating for open borders you wouldn't need so much for all them junkies on Mexican heroin...
build a wall
YOU and the rest of the Senate and Congress are not on ACA, so shut up! Your rates have not quadrupled! Obamacare sucks!
You are disingenuous because you do not know Republican plan! And you wonder why your party has lost over 1000 seats in 8 yrs?
How about SHUTTING DOWN THE BORDER and the highway to drugs that is! If U were truly about helping, THAT'S what you'd do.
25 years of Corruption from a Democrat Party built from a RACIST PAST. Con California, conning the USA. STEP DOWN NOW!
yeah it puts less money and you Democrats pocket
YES STOP VOTING AND GO AGAINST EVERYTHING TRUMP DOES AND MAYBE NONE OF THE DEMOS WILL BE RE-ELECTED IN NEXT ELECTION, YAY
lies
let nature take its course on junkies through natural selection!
@StaceyJ1206 what about people's premiums doubling and tripling for less services??????
you know the reality is that ACA is changing; pls work for a solution and don't fight every step like Sen Warren
thank you for speaking for CA, Sen. Feinstein!
I live on CA. STOP VOTING FOR TRUMP APPTS! # RESIST OR BE PRIMARIED!!!!
such a hypocrite the streets of sf littered with drug addicts and nothing done to enforce laws of this land
That was one thing I actually thought Trump really believed in. For a man who lied every day. He seemed to care about this.
opioid crisis is what you get when you promote government redistribution of wealth that allows people not to work.
without work people have no sense of self worth or purpose.
big pharma must be stopped
First ask yourself how we are going to keep paying for all this. My premiums are out of sight. Coverage is nothing like old po
then learn to vote NO
We may need opiates in the water if Trump continues his actions.RU finally voting 4 with the dems or still the republicans
.@SenFeinstein So maybe you could stop casting votes in support of his cabinet picks and thus, policies.
they could vote they could not vote all will be approved Democrats are a waste of space
@CarolRoser1980 Sen F, if you could STOP voting 4 Mango Mussolinis cab pics, that'd be great! #TheResistance #TWWUSA #TWWCA
he is, he's did a travel ban, building a wall, and getting us out of war. What have you been watching?
the opioid crisis is a result of the War on Drugs which people like you continue to fund  regardless of its failures
Well judging by the alarming rise since ACA was passed...don't think it's really helped.
Good, I am glad - we need to secure the borders which in turn will curb the drugs  coming into this country - won't need 5.5B
hence the word repeal and not replace.
<---- How much did you make selling the Post Offices contract to your Husband? contract worth Billons of Dollars
she needed those billions to buy more face paste I'm sorry but she really should be put out to pasture
How much is spent enforcing drug laws?  They can't even keep drugs out of prisons.  #phony  #taxationistheft #WarOnDrugs
dems want a drug addicted America that's how they get their goofy programs funded and line their pockets too
Single  would cover the addiction and mental health care needed #justicedems #2018
Must be, isn't he yuge friends with the Pharma industry? 
USA GREATEST nation popping most pills 
There's sure $
not true
