@potus @seanhannity there should be a class action lawsuit suing you Chucky and Polo for knowingly wasting  taxpayer money
Did Medicaid pay for the opioid prescriptions that caused their addiction to begin with?
The VA did.
Are you saying that obamacare was medicaid ? By the way it won't be trumpcare -  stop turning it in to something it isn't----->just 4 votes
I'm vulnerable, help me! Well its okay pretty sure I won't be able to afford to live in CA for much longer the way your going with it.
I thought Christy was going to handle this.
As one of your constituents, i'd like you to be more vocal in your support of Single-Payer Healthcare and/or Medicare-For-All. Thank you!
You have a better shot with the lottery.
Single-payer in California is to fund the train to nowhere you will have crappie health care. Another money grab by Brownstain get real.
So, with the disparate treatment that now has unfairly placed millions of Black people in jail for marijuana, will you work to release them?
Inflammatory rhetoric  This is the kind of fear mongering that got Senator Scalise shot.  You make people fear the future, future bright!
Opioids r matter of choice,even. if wrong.I know cause I used.Then stopped by choice!No one made me or treated me,I chose to stop.#Diakonoi
You're more about creating vulnerable victims 4 votes
Please filibuster by amendment during the vote-a-rama. Unlimited amendments allowed all require intro and debate. Time to play hardball!
@potus @seanhannity so stop wasting taxpayer money on these b******* investigations and do some work
That's not true at all!! Anyone who has read the proposal can see that. In the budget there is $ for the opioid problem. Lies @SenFeinstein
It's not enuff! I know first hand, Medicaid helped me
Medicaid isn't going anywhere. It's just making it harder for lazy individuals to soak up welfare
I disagree, they already make u work for cash, foodstamps, ect. I had to get up before.
Not heard of anyone who is made to work to get food stamps or Medicaid.
Then u do not keep up with anything. Under Predident Bush if you were not disabled there was a work requirement. Some states still have it
President*
#Trumpcare cannot pass. We will take to the streets like never before and run ever senator who voted for it out of office. #Resist
Oh, shivers...the Liberals ". If we don't get it (FREE), shit it down!
Typical liberal's spewing hate towards republicans better look at your governor. Pays $100,000 to thugs to harass petitioners  Fact
We know addicts are sorry for using the drugs and creating the problems but hey, we're sorry for not funding their many attempted recoveries
Yes! Thank you Dianne. Appreciate you tremendously. This is a disgrace.
The vulnerable are all the people that believe your #rhetoric.
And we need billions of dollars for #HighSpeedRail.
Again, DO SOMETHING!
I am a social worker in San Francisco. Thank you Senator for fighting hard to protect health care for our people.
You know what would help Opioid crisis? Getting to the root cause - living wages and single payer healthcare that covers mental health too
I agree, I owe my life to having Medicaid to becoming a recovering addict. Thank god I had health care.  I would be dead!! That's the truth!
Your choice to slam not ours  #onceajunkiealwaysajunkie
Please stop them by filibustering-by-amendment during vote-a-rama. The @SenateDems are fighting for the lives/finances of millions!
Fight closed door disaster AHCA! ANNOUNCE DEMS WILL
#DENYCONSENT
The vulnerable? The opioid epidemic as you call it has been going on for the past 20yrs! Now you have turned them into heroin addicts! SMH
Thank you Sen. Feinstein! We must all be proactive. May everyone act true to their conscience. We are with you Senator. @Michael36776349
Can't trust a liberal...especially in commiefornia.
We must continue to fight for those who need help.
This will not help the opioid crisis! These people need help. Other countries do it why can't we?? Shame on the @senateGOP #Trumpcare
Yea they put up tents so they can slam their "illegal" drugs so if they overdose on those "illegal drugs" they can say well we tried
we're with you! And are you willing to commit to filibuster by amendment to STOP it? @IndivisibleTeam
Will you withhold consent for AHCA? Will you shut down the Senate to stop its passage? Will you do any and everything to block AHCA?
Right back to the hate Trump stories and outrageous lies!  Isn't one shooting and multiple riots enough.  #HoldDemsResponsible
Stop being an obstructionist start doing something about it. We see right through your crap
Explain this to us.
Obamacare is failing, leaving people broke and destroying business.... something must change.  Glad GOP is trying something.
They are passing genocide legislation.
No the Dems did that with Obamacare
Withhold consent and filibuster by amendment. Tweets ain't gonna get it done!
My Deductible went from $2600 to 8k under Obama Care. You did nothing to help.
DeDe, You have taken big money from drug makers. Congress to blame for opioids crisis
Opioid overdoses are a self correcting problem that saves money in the long run
You're overstating things, as usual.  Shifting blame as usual.  Opioid epidemic can be addressed in more useful ways.
Thank you! Pls continue to demand @SenateMajLdr #ShowUsTheBill. #NoHearingNoVote
@SenateD Medicaid is a state program. the new bill california will be able to Medicaid for all. You'll just have to pay for it
I dont believe you
Thank you for voting 2 make it impossible for Trump to follow through with his agreement to lift Russian sanctions. Eric 93035
Are you doing everything possible to slow this process?
And without Medicaid or insurance someone who is shot like @SteveScalise will lose their home, savings, and have to stay in the hospital
@SenFeinstein how come u don't stop the drug company making that life saving drug from overcharging by 400% that our states are paying for?
she probably gets a kickback for it
2014 the shot was $900 now its $3500. Hilary soaks up the drug companies $ I have no doubt she does too! But guess who's paying for this? 
Di, your false outrage on Twitter is sickening. When you get to your "there" on single payer I'll be happy to read about it on Twitter.
The opioid use must be in insurance for the users! Yes! And for protection of all citizens who can be killed by opioid drivers and robbers!
Agreed and we have every right to know what's in the bill being drafted in secret! Voice your outrage and we the people call your senators!
Kind of like how Obamacare passed
Well not quite, they had several weeks on hearings that included republican amendments that were included in the bill. Nothing like this.
No one even read the bill before it passed.Do you not recall @NancyPelosi comment about passing it, to know what's in it
It took over a year to get the ACA passed and it had many many hearings and OPEN discussions before it was brought to a vote.
FIGHT BACK!!!  #withholdconsent until GOP holds a public hearing on the bill!
Same reason GOP couldn't do anything about the ACA passing...NUMBERS
There was no debate.  No one had even read the bill before it was passed
You are correct Stomy
I support single payor insurance in Calif.
And meanwhile please support SB 562 The Healthy California Act. We can lead the nation towards Medicare for All.
Ill quit my job and come over there, I dont want to work
So please do anything you can to stop or slow it, even if it means refusing to do the ordinary business of the Senate.
But its ok that many across the country have no insurance because they cant afford the premiums
Please call it what it is trumpdeathcare
Politics has NO Business meadling in Healthcare, Science or other professions!
Why don't you stop lying and tell the facts
How about some statistics? In 20 years the sky will be green, ending the blue one as we know it. Sheesh!
Are Dems prepared to shut down the government for this?
opioid epidemic is self-imposed. why should Americans pay for this?
This is unacceptable @SenFeinstein - please keep fighting for us!
that's the problem you think she's fighting for you she's just wasting your money and depositing it in her bank
the republicans hate you unless your the Koch brothers
.@RepMimiWalters tells humans in #CA45 that she supports addiction measures, while voting to take away insurance to cover it. On same day.
Please stop this legislation by any means necessary.
Do something about it! #withholdconsent until GOP holds a public hearing on the bill!
Like when obama care went through
And yet, its recipients enthusiastically voted for him.
