Please @SenFeinstein invoke the #25thAmendmentNow. Clear and present danger. We are repeating and repeating not being heard....
SEEMS THAT TRUMP WANTS TO DESTROY EVERYTHING, INCLUDING AMERICA!
Iran nuclear deal doesn’t guarantee anything other than They will nuke Israel a little later on in the future! Are you Jewish
Trump him self doesn't know why he id doing it to all of us and others
Feinstein Iran is a nuclear threat. Do u think Iran is sitting around and twiddling their thumbs? The DEMS hero Obama created this problem.
Come on Diane what the hell is going on in WH get all those crazys out of thete
You mean that deal where I am sure Obama got a huge kickback from the Iranian for giving them billion's
Supporting the deal was a huge mistake!
Then stop him
Revenge of the nerds photo op????
And Billy Clintons deal with North Korea got us where ? Americans are fed up with secret agendas by those we hire to represent our interest
Trump does not care
Do you not understand Diane that is his plan. This man is working with Putin. He wants us isolated from our allies. Wake up already.
The agreement only had one purpose and it has been successful; one less adversary without nukes
Republicans will reject erratic & dividing "president" Donald to get replaced w/ a widely endorsed win-win Republican president (e.g Romney)
Trump is a idiot..
Europeans are afraid that without USA, who will protect them, nothing new. Be Strong and bring Iran to its knees.
What can we do to get this dangerous man out of office?
Inept, inept, inept
So called POTUS took money from Adelson, $100 M to move the embassy to Jerusalem and sabotage the Iran deal. He'll pawn it or Con-gress it.
Good for president Trump!! I guess the left thinks that pampering the behinds of rogue countries fixes everything. WRONG!!
Dianne, exactly how does it create a crisis that didn't already exist?
Sooooo kiss there butt is your alternative ?
the consequences of growing a pair
That is what he wants
Senator: You all have been way to quiet and not let your voices be heard which in reality are our voices. It is time for to stand up.
The Iran nuke deal =as bad or worse that the NKorea buyout by Clinton! You dems need to see when something DOES NOT WORKDONT REPEAT!
Yes...our great ally Iran.
Impeach the moron please!!!
Wrong! AGAIN!
I love how democrats are out front leading the way on so many political problems 
Dian, AFTER REVIEWING ABOUT 500 OF YOUR TWEETS: I see that promoting regulation is your only defense platform. Try offering other solutions!

Trump will ALWAYS create crisis when he can, annoy liberals when he can, and reverse Obama policies when he can. 3 at once? Irresistible.
Senator how can you in good conscience NOT start impeachment proceedings? So disappointed in you and the other silent voices.
What a load of rubbish. Pff goodluck!
Yeah, but Obama did it. Trump doesn't care about consequences, he just cares about erasing Obama. Don't pretend there's anything deeper.
He wants to divide us from our allies,it was his plan.
Yes, it does divide us from our allies. Is anyone else concerned that this is PRECISELY why Trump did it? Another gift for Putin?
So the Islamic Republic of Iran is our ally? Who's the other allies you speak of? Hezbollah and hamas. You people are sick
I'm sorry Senator...you guys dug a big hole entering the Middle East and destroying it in the name of Democracy.It's too late to blame Iran
I didn't know Iran was an ally. Last i heard they were saying"die usa"
And every nation will say y make any deal with if the next administration will void all because his name isn’t attached only reason 2 kill
.@SenFeinstein @washingtonpost Wrong, as usual. Iran open to talks, already.
R U Nuts? Iran&NKorea R an Axis Of EvilU Actually Feel Appeasement Is A Good Continued Strategy, Like Obama?Who Gave Iran Billions 4 TERROR
How is this crazy man still man still in office? What is the judiciary committee doing about it? It seems like nothing but tweeting!
It's certainly no time in history to infuriate our allies. We are not now nor ever completely invincible or immune. We are part of one earth
You fools in the Senate should have stopped BO from doing this UNCONSTITUTIONAL half-ass treaty!!!
Leave Iran alone...it's part of the plan...I'm sure you knew that.
@DenglerMelinda Willing 2 kill on purpose just like Vegas shooter!
Then why did we agree to a bad deal in the first place?
Like the analysis from the leftist Washington post is reliable  source 

I always question if he has analyzed long term implications....like trust on future negotiations.

Fake news from fake Senator !!
Give me a break. The Democrats didn't like it either. LOL I say don't pay any of them. Use it on defense!
I think if you're going to sanction Iran, then do it on other issues like their support for Assad/Hezbollah, not over this @realDonaldTrump
Nuclear weapons don’t kill people. People kill people.
Acknowledged @SenFeinstein of SF, CALIFORNIA,  your tweet post immediately after @SenKamalaHarris,TRUTH 12:34pmct. 
Delaying and sweeping a huge problem under the carpet?
We cannot leave important decisions like this to one man!! We have others that need to support Trump or not.
Didn’t Trump turn this over to Congress? It feels like Trump’s real agenda is to take away America’s standing and elevate China and Russia
Bought and paid for.
Starting to suspect these "daily crisis" promoted by trump r part of a greater plan of his to divide & conquer. Congress should block him.
Congress ain't going to shit.worthwhile,.
why'd you vote for sanctions on iran, then?
coward
well, your party sat idly by and created both of them, so...
That's the goal.
You criticize but come up with no solutions. This was a bad deal, fix it
Makes sense, so Trump will do it anyway.
Agreed. Why does trump want to destroy what is good? He is truly emotionally disable.
Then stop this maniac!!!!
