Your questioning of Amy Coney Barrett is not only shameful but disgraceful. You are proving more you don't belong on these panels at all.
Your questioning of Amy Coney Barrett was always a classic display of what bigotry & ignorance looks like. Shame on you.

Would you ask the same question of Judge Barrett if she were Muslim?
Dianne Feinstein is anti Catholic
are you ever embarrassed that you are put in a position you are wholly unqualified for?
https://www.princeton.edu/news/2017/09/08/president-eisgruber-asks-senate-committee-avoid-religious-test-judicial …  Please read the opinion of someone far more learned on the subject than you
If a nominee's asked again about their CHRISTIAN views, their Catholic religion, YOU will be questioned about your UNCONSTITUTIONAL behavior
Your anti-Catholic bigotry is disgusting and should disqualify you from serving in the Senate. The fact that it does not will be our demise.

Sounds like Menendez was running an online brothel/buy a foreign wife racket here... U.S Tax dollars hard at work!

http://thefederalist.com/2017/09/12/witness-senator-menendez-helped-me-with-visa-after-rich-boyfriend-gave-money/#.Wbg5P5YV4Ec.twitter …
Sen does your religion as a Jew, affect your ability to create laws?No? Then why are you worried abt a Catholic reviewing them? #prejudice 


And you would block every Catholic
This kind of anti-Catholic bigotry is not helpful to the Country or to Democrats and is completely offensive
I am not a Catholic, but Feinstein's apparent belief that a Catholic is unqualified to be a judge, suggests she is unqualified as a senator!
Bigot.


Any senator so bigoted to use unconstitutional religious tests for noms. & snarkily add "the dogma lives loudly within you," should resign.
“Dogma” Dianne, the USA doesn’t reside within Northern California.  Northern California resides within the USA.  Food for thought

This has to be an impeachable offense. @FBI @CIA @SenateGOP @SenateDems
I bet you never stop wants to think you are the one part of the real problem #maga
Did you hear Sen Mike Lee's speech? Might be a good idea
So if you are a Christian, U are Disqualified, is what you said. U R not fit!
U attack somebody's Faith! That is not a reason to disqualify!
Senators shouldnt be bigots. Anti-catholic included. Pesky Constitution again! What religious group is next?
The belief that Catholics should be singled out because of their beliefs is consistent with what?
Especially when the nominee is from a President under CRIMINAL INVESTIGATION
Change your handle to YpsiIdiot
Quit making red tape and do your job. Balance the Budget. 
#OneBudget
#EndTheDebt
Mountain not mountian
That is how mountain is spelled in bot language. No rubles for the vet!
I've known mountain men. They don't tweet. Don't have time to deal with crapola. Thanks.
Well technology is a wonderful thing. And having a colony of feral cats must come in handy when you cannot get to the grocery store.
What? You think I eat my cats? I'm done with you. Bye Bye
Constitution Article VI: no religious Test shall ever be required as a Qualification to any Office or public Trust under the United States."
We believe you committed a crime in your questioning!   @FBI @CivilRights
The #Constitution :
“no religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any Office.”
https://aclj.org/religious-liberty/stop-senate-bigotry-against-christian-judges?utm_medium=Email&utm_source=ExactTarget&utm_campaign=d-09082017_top-RL_seg-N_typ-PT …
Really important that devout Catholics are excluded from consideration as federal judges.
Does the Feinstein,Durbin Catholic religious test/exclusion doctrine for Govt service apply to Congress.Will it expand to Orthodox Jews...?
You are not only  Catholic bigot you are a hypocrite!
You, Senator, are a religious bigot. Appalling.
So a single Senator's personal opinion should thwart the outcome of an election. From what founding document is that nonsense derived?
Persecuting someone for their faith is abhorant & inconsistent w/ our values. You've always been a responsible person. You should apologize.
Hello nice project
I see you're applying religious tests to judicial nominees. That's illegal, Senator. Article VI of the Constitution is clear.
You showed yourself to be a religious bigot. It's a shame in someone who holds public office.
Sec 3
U r the bigot!!!!!!!
THe dogma lives....If any politician made that statement about a muslim they would rightfully be excoriated. step down bigot
you need to stop being bigoted to catholic judicial nominees
What the heck is a blue slip?
but i was specifically talking about her treatment of a catholic nominee yesterday
WATCH: Sen. Feinstein to appeals court nominee Amy Barrett, @NotreDame law prof/#Catholic mother of 7: "The dogma lives loudly within you." 
That's appalling.
As an Irish Catholic democrat I would like to know if there no longer is room for me and JFK in the party? You would not Q any other Relig
Dems playing games just 2 spite Americans & Trump will not be tolerated. U used RELIGIOUS TEST!! Its a compliment to be blue slipped by DEM
You're some kind of special
Thought it was taboo to question someone on their religion but I guess that doesn't apply to you
Why?
If a Senator blatantly acts in opposition to the US Constitution, they should face immediate removal from office!

Article VI —
She should be sanctioned by her peers.
Sanction or remove both Feinstein and @SenSanders for his equally disgusting perversion of his duties back in June.
I just saw a clip of you suggesting someone couldn't be a judge because of their sincere religious belief.  Stunning. Horrifying.
Your anti-Catholic sectarianism was on full display in Judiciary hearings, and doesn't reflect well on YOUR objectivity.
There are 2 types of people. Those believe in dogmas & know it & those who believe in dogmas and don't know it.  @SenFeinstein 's are clear
Catholics need not apply....is unconstitutional
"When you read your speeches, the conclusion one draws is that the dogma lives loudly within you" -- Would you have said this to a Muslim?
Of course not, no lib can offend s Muslim. Wonder how she really felt about JFK?
Would you have asked a Muslim about their "dogma"  ???????

#DEMEXIT #maga #cnn #msnbc #foxnews #catholic #inners #tucker
You must be reading Saul Alinsky Rules for Radicals!  Rule #4

Bigot
It is frightening that someone like you actually has some influence in our future. It is apparent that greed speaks loudly in you! Disgrace!
You want another issue to protest on just a reminder of your bigotry! Tire of left. I changed from left to right in 2016 because of liberals
You need to retire you devil worshiper! America should stand for good not go along with the evildoer!
We are sick of liberal being against people of faith... haven't you done enough destruction to this country stop tearing down our faith
Senator Frankenstein, step down. Resign. Government has no place for your bigotry and hate.
WHO do you think YOU ARE ATTACKING A Fed Judge Nominee for THEIR FAITH...would you do the SAME TO A MUSLIM????? GET OUT of our SENATE
What bothers me is that not only are you an anti-Catholic bigot, but you violate a basic component of our Constitution w/o a second thought.
Dogma?
You saying Catholics can't serve?
You a religious bigot???
How dare you impede a nominees ability to contribute based on their faith. The outrage if Amy were #Muslim wud be enormous.
Dogma is putting your religious beliefs above the law.
@SenFeinstein -  Great Know-nothingism on display at judicial hearing!  No place for bigotry in public life!!!! #Resign
Here is your pink slip, the people want you out.  You undermine integrity when you attacked judge Barret or any Christian.  Go away hag, now
Bigot
I guess some animals are more equal than others. Would you act the same if it was a Jewish judge being questioned by a Christian senator?
Bigot
I'm Christian so does that prevent me from being a Judge now Feinstein?  That was the dumbest thing you've ever done.
so out of spite.
Too bad the "dogma does not live loudly in you."
Is it legal to consider one's religion when confirming a Judge? You had a problem with her being Catholic. Is it ok to be Christian anymore?
The Dogma Lives Loudly Within Me, and millions of other Americans. We are not ashamed or intimidated by liberal bullying.
Imagine the outcry if you brought up the faith of a Muslim or Jew during a confirmation hearing as being a detriment to doing their job...
I'm not a religious man.That being said,today was probably the single most anti-American performance by a senator I have seen in 50 years.
The dogma of stupidity lives loudly within you
Hope the people of cali give your a pink slip next time around
This issue is crucial, its nice to see Senator Feinstein reminding the public that it has become an issue.
Does this "crucial issue" only apply to Christians or Muslims, Jew, Hindus , et al #DogmaLivesLoudly
So why was the person faith questioned today? This is the question people need to be asking. Someone this shallow to even ask that. Come on
Why does trump get away with taking money from SS? This is unconstitutional!
... says a Senator that violated the law in questioning the candidates Religion...
So true
You attacked a woman based on her Catholic religion , shouldn't you have been wearing your KKK hood during your anti American conduct.
Filibuster, withdraw unanimous consent, boycott, or bust. The stakes are stopping fascism... or not
Never heard of this before- thanks for the lesson. Agree the practice should be upheld-ensures more fairness.
She should upheld the Constitution (Article VI)
Dacia Is unconstitutional.
Who would care what Al does.  He's a comedy act.
WTH is wrong with you?
Both @SenatorDurbin & @SenFeinstein chiding a judicial nominee for being a "practicing Catholic" is reprehensible
You're a disgrace! You're treatment of Catholic @NotreDame professor was appalling! #quityourjob
Is bigotry toward Catholics trendy right now? I haven't gotten the newest liberal memo.
Senator you deserve a PINK SLIP!!!
When are people going to wake up>>>>>>UN HRC 1618
#TheDogmaLivesLoudlyWithinMe and I thank God every day for that gift.
Constitution Article VI: no religious Test shall ever be required as a Qualification to any Office or public Trust under the United States."
Thank you for that, people don't get it that in the US you are allowed to believe whatever you want! Dems seem to have a problem with this.
Are blue slips your primary  means of spreading  Catholic bigotry?
Its who democrats are. Its what the party believes.
Stop with discrimination against nominees who aren't atheists, senator crimestein
If you've been in congress more than 12 years -what does that say about how stupid your state is
Have you always hated Catholics Senator?
The dogma/Holy Spirit may live loudly in Judge Barrett, but the death knell of the Democratic Party lives in you as Americans learn of this.
Yes
You are a horrid American ignoring our constitution. Ms. Barrett did not deserve your treatment. #WeThePeople are done with you!
Giving a religious test before blue slips is against the constitution and against the law.. the left are apparently turning into communist
What's new ? They don't want a constitution...it disagrees with everything they talk about . They only want tolerance if they agree
#ReligiousFreedom means nothing to haters of the Constitution like @SenFeinstein it's hot where you're going!  http://100percentfedup.com/senator-feinstein-attacks-fed-judge-nominees-faith-dogma-lives-deep-within-video/ …
Why did you apply a religious test to the nominee you questioned today?
the senate utilized the nuclear option in 2011 to fill judgeships with partisan activists: and you want the judicial committee to allow more
I saw your bigotry. What other religions make one unfit for service?
You speak about what people have fought for, how about religious freedom. I'm not in to name calling but you and the left are total bigots.
From a Roy Moore supporter? He believes in relgious freedom as long as it's his religion.
OBSTRUCTIONIST!!
Article VI’s - “no religious Test shall ever be required as a Qualification to any Officer or public Trust under the United States.” Forgot?
Religious Bigot!!
Stras has no business as a federal judge. Thank you @SenFranken !
Bigot
Amy Coney Barrett will be a fabulous Judge. 
WE need many more of her caliber in future Court placements. @potus
Speaking of public trust, wow coming from you?
The only reason you are in office is because of Voter Fraud. Deport non citizens that voted
That's dumb, Congress is so partisan nowadays nobody would pass
@POTUS Wonder if she's reminding people to read & understand Article 6 of the Constitution, or does it not apply to the Judiciary Committee?
The Dogma lives in me Senator. Is that a problem with you?
Senator Feinstein, that's called obstruction!
Denied.
You are out of line dogma indeed

Lol
When senator brings forth one's Catholic faith as an area of concern, she licenses continued kills in Roe v. Wade. Well, I know your sins.
Obstructionists.
Also, in other news, YOU shouldn't even be involved in this process!
It's called a "committee" because it takes more than Senator Feinstein and her pet parrot to make a decision.
I know the #Democrats are not the house majority but I feel they've become complicit w/ @realDonaldTrump who is insane. No one seems 2 care!
Please explain blue slips.
What?
Move forward
Catholics everywhere know they are not welcome in the Democratic Party.  RIP JFK.  @cnn @msnbc @foxandfriends
Absolutely! Kudos for budget- reading GOP is stunned.
Informative. Thank you.
YES, Good Evening, Sen. Dianne Feinstein
That's the tradition, right? Or, have we thrown all tradition out with Obama?
Are 'Blue Slips' LEGAL?
Constitutional?
The Swamp aka DC Cartel has PERVERTED our Legislative & Judicial System 
Time to go by the RuleOfLAW
So you still think this GOP Senate Leadership cares about rules and traditions?
This what @ccpecknold was niggling about. Separation of state and religion, dude.
