These rogue judges are issuing political decisions and not holding up the law. They should be tried for treason
(1) Judges enforcing the 1st Amendment to the Constitution _are_ holding up the law. (2) Cut out the bigoted lies.

sourcing Conservative Review I see. Bold strategy.
It is what it is, it is bold in today's world where the rule of law and facts are tossed out the window
do you not see how many laws Trump is breaking right now? Factually based of course.
No actually I dont. What laws?
that executive order has been proven unconstitutional over and over. US code 3110. And I dunno treason?
@JudiciaryDems be more vocal @SenatorLeahy @DickDurbin @SenWhitehouse @alfranken @amyklobuchar @ChrisCoons @SenBlumenthal @maziehirono
https://youtu.be/U9FX2J1C9p0  @USProgressives @DemocraticAGs @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi @BeauWillimon
We have to call a TRAITOR A TRAITOR or this mess will never get right..TRUMP IS A TRAITOR!!!
Its gotten too big and you know it old gal. Its as good as gone...just like you
Who let all those RUSSIANS in the White House are they sleeping in the LINCOLN bedroom too just for laughs?
Where are the BREAKS? An election won fairly or not- does not give a president power to do and say whatever he pleases - yes?
Does TRUMP understand he is in THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA and we have a CONSTITUTION?
if you get overturned 80% of the time, you are a failure.
I'm begging you - Get this evil Hitler-like person OUT of WH. He is not Faithful. He is #EnemiesDomestic. It is clear. #25th!
Good move, keep all the Lib Judges in one place so you can have your imperial way against citizens.
thank you,Senator.for defending our  constitution and democracy against tyrant -babies having tantrums when told"no."
. Thank you. Fight the power.
No, calls to split the 9th are a response to years of judicial tyranny by Leftist judges who show no judicial restrait.
That he is even doing this is just... infuriating. Everything he does feels like an attack on America.
One more way of showing his desire to destroy our democracy.
If they keep putting out unsupportable decisions many of the Judges in the 9th Circuit should be impeached.
Gerrymander the court? WOW!
that's one of my girls I get very possessive of my reps lol
When Judges no longer follow the Constitution and go outside for political reasons, they should be impeached
Oh so you can just keep all liberal whackos in charge?
THE 9th is so illogical and illegal it's absurd. These last two decisions NOT barred on law that's BULLSHIT,  DIANE
@steven94117 Called @BobGoodlatte6 today to oppose that. The Ninth Circuit should remain as it is.
Thank you!!! Good lord, this DT as president is a nightmare. Regardless of politics. Everyone I know and meet is worried.
I hope you do, or there will be hell to pay.
Be strong, Senator.
This man will do anything to destroy Democracy.
they don't have the authority to brake them up.
@sassyemmy3 thank you
@MissDoozy. 9th circuit count is overturned to much to be considered a real court. They need to not make their own laws
Most overturned court in US! Longest wait time to hear a case! Unless, it's against Trump.
@SaraJaneMaki -The courts stand in Trump's way in his attempt to grab more and more power. This proposal must be stopped.
@mcmullan_gail Trump cannot be allowed to dismantle or shut up Judges who don't agree with his Bigotry and Racism! TU
Thank you Senator. It is unfortunate that POTUS and the GOP don't understand the concept of an independent judiciary.
These  judges are ruling from their liberal viewes and not the constitution they have sworn to uphold.
split it ! Split it!
And if the shoe were on the other foot, you'd be shouting the opposite. #hypocrisy
no you wont not in this Congress
God I hope so. We need at least one branch to be able to stop the madness without political interference.
Thank you, Senator!!!
Thank you.
The ninth circuit is the most overturned court in the country. Something is wrong, why are you opposed to fixing it?
He needs to be out of office asap. Before we go further into fascism.
@pampaw327 how is he destroying our country? He's dismantling the judicial branch & 4th of state, & blinded the legislative...
and no one does anything.
@pampaw327 trump is dumbledore's evil twin, Dumbledurrrrrr
ninth circuit is a joke.  Should have been put in check a long time ago.  Just like you!
The 9th circus has been the laughing stock of the country for two generations. It should absolutely be broken up.
@sandyherr2 

Thank you. 
I hope the Senate sees the bigger picture. Trump (and Bannon) have to lay the ground work. A Reichstag fire event will come.
If Trump looses, he tries to change boundary so he can win..Of course once a cheater always a cheater or Fraud. Trump =FRAUD
He should be split from his family forever and dumped to the dogs
@ImpactDemocracy there is no behavior 2 scandalous 4 R's. The Party is turning on its own most vulnerable citizens. #classwar
@ManMet80  Thank you, @SenFeinstein - your work is appreciated far beyond California.
@b1e56df9ce6549f no, they are a call to reign in an abusive court of foolish and shameless oligarchs. I didn't vote for Trump.
Still haven't forgotten your ties to the PMRC. 
LOL its been the "Nutty 9th" most overturned & longest wait in YEARS
Thank you 
stand firm against everything!! Why are you acting supportive of Goruch??? He has been nominated to destroy Roe v Wade.
They are also unAmerican & regime-like.
@Montgomery_bjm We support you!

80% of the 9th Circuit's decisions get overturned.  It is full activist judges who make decisions not based in realty
Not even close to the truth. ~2% of all Appellate decisions ever reach SCOTUS.
more static. How are you helping California?
@okie210 the 9th circuit has been out of control for years their rulings are routinely & rightfully overturned
Yes, your many years on the court have taught you this!  What else have you learned from Breitbart and Fox lately?
I don't need Fox or Breitbart to know the 9th has been wrong on many rulings try relying less on biased CNN, NBC, CBS, & ABC
We need to split the ninth circuit. Too many people in the area.
@smille5884 Now his true tyrannical instincts are being exposed.
decisions by the 9th circuit were political is what you meant
blatant retal
Thank you Senator! It's overtime in over drive till #impeachment
I hope you're even doing more than that!! I have never seen such corruption and blatant lies in my life! The POTUS???
And, these are the same people who wail about "judicial activisim."
Stand tall Senator that's the crap authoritarians do don't like its decision figure out how that area can't decide anymore
meanwhile tax payers are paying for trump to stay at his hotels. He is screwing up or screwing us.
this is executive overreach. There is a reason for separation of powers. Do not allow this man to further damage our country 
. I am sure it has nothing to do with them being overturned all the time. They make laws from the bench, UN elected officials.
Please hold him accountable for his lies. Our country is a disgrace since his arrival. Please have him impeached!
He's a small man....he only wants it to be his way or the highway- typical of a racist misogynistic xenophob bastard
can there even be that kind of proposal?
so IF anyone harms anyone on USA soil from these countries you are ready to be held accountable???
a court is not political    If the court is responding to political pressure, they should be replaced.
RESIGN Dianne Feinstein!!! You are a political response to a failure of a candidate !!!  RESIGN Dianne Feinstein !!!
Thank you Senator We need you so much
Thank you Senator!  We are counting on all of you to keep this country together while we have this crazy man as Pres.
Seeing a psychiatrist next wk. Need her to tell me that I'm a lunatic & that our country's demise is a bad dream
Are they judges if they fail with a 70+% overturn rate? No that's called not doing your job. We would be fired for the same
Split? They should be relieved of duty!!!
Keep using his own words against him. Maybe the closest thing to justice he ever gets.
Thank you.
Why? DT would rather destroy what he doesn't agree with then fight fair an square. Keep fighting for the USA an our values.
Thank You
trump's temper tantrums are more dangerous than a defiant toddler's!  I'll take the toddler.
He's just lashing out with another scare tactic smoke screen to deflect from Russiagate. He knows the jig is up.
if this is political, then you would not want to split the ninth,
why wouldn't you split the ninth circuit into a separate circuit to reduce the workload?
#resist
The ninth circuit court is 15 months behind on court cases.
Thank you. Never give up.
Yes! Do Not Tire. #RESIST
When they fail to uphold the law, who needs them. Citizens first and foremost always.
- Thank you!!!!
They actually should be split. Overturns are diminishing their credibility and the people's trust.
.@SenFeinstein Many remember when fed'l courts overturned a free democratic election & disenfranchised 5 million CA voters. #Prop187
the 9th circuit is just a arm of the Democratic party
@hallettrasmus Thank you!
Thank you! Sen. Feinstein stand strong..we got your back..if you need us to protest or anything let us know..
Gerrymandering for the judicial branch?  I  don't think so, DT.
Thank you!!
Never mind that the Ninth Circuit has the highest reversal rate...
What Feinstein is saying is the 9th Curcuit is the only group of judges who will vote against the laws.  Dems R Lawless...
No.  That is not what @SenFeinstein wrote.  And the 9th Circuit hasn't "voted against laws".  It has voted against bigotry.
It has voted to uphold the law and stop the Muslim ban 2.0
Sorry, @SenFeinstein, there are many Americans who question the decisions of the 9th Court, who has been overturned nearly 4 out of 5 times
As if your defense isn't political.
Thank you.  It's terrifying how Trump and Co. are trying to dismantle democracy.  Thank you for standing up to them
People have been saying to split way before Trump. Maybe get out to the real world baby
what the heck happened yesterday, we are dying to know if there is hope.
Right?! PLEASE get this numbskull out of office before he kills the country.
The decision to stop his order was based on dislike of it. We will defeat attempts to stop our president.  #MAGA
Can you explain why the 9th circuit is so very often overturned?  Maybe a structural problem there?
