(2/2) I very much regret that the president has chosen this dark path for our country.
Stand up and be counted against this ban. Thank you

Yeah that's because they are cowards who leave women to die because in their eyes women are expendable.
Other than terrorism?  #newyorkers don't cry
Two words...SAN...BERNADINO...have you forgotten already??? It was in YOUR F'ing state!!!
Horror that you and your husband are partially responsible for... but that's beside the point.
LOL. Keep wishing, troglodyte.
LOLOLOL Look at you...being such a big baby. Are you sure you mommy  knows you're using her account?LOL
It is actually callous and hateful for us to turn our backs on these people in their hour of need  - unchristain
yes Immigration and refugees our history From the Pilgrims to immigrants worldwide READ WHAT the Statue of Liberty Says  READ
Give me your tired, your poor, Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, The wretched refuse of your teeming shore....
Send these, the homeless, tempest-tost to me,
I lift my lamp beside the golden door!
lot more young men are refugees not just women and Kids
So ban the women and kids, too?  How did it work in the past? 6 million Jews exterminated btw
1939 & 1945.
Yep, they are brainwashed at young ages https://youtu.be/EVxZfP1fC_I  They need safe zones there not here
from the countries not subject to the ban have not been brainwashed? Those countries with biz ties to Trump?
How many refugees would you like to live with you?
I have room for four. You?
Nope, I love my family too much
I love my family, too. I guess "Christian" principles apply only to other "Christians". LOL
, Thanks for being opposed to this un-American ban. #nomuslimban
It was your responsibility 2 stop your prez/obama from perpetrating /creating the absolute horrors.BTW BHO had Scalia murdered
THEY should be screened just like any other person trying to come to our country, no preferential treatment, horror everywhere
One word fossil: TERROR
there is a legitimate reason, ask obama its his list
what was your stand on Barack Obama when he did this back in 2011? Hypocrite
Trumps going straight to Hell. That Much Power Must Be laced With A consciousness. He is creating terrorists as I tweet.
self absorbed pseudo patriotics make sick. AGENT ORANGE is a clear and present danger. We all see it and know it. demagoguery
you vote for an ego a cult of personality. A divider and a political heretic. We have to demand honesty from our leaders.
have you seen Europe lately? The rapes beatings murders? And you want that here. Oye what a maroon
maroon! The worst shade of red! #idiot
your obviously not a bugs bunny fan eh?
*you're #idiot
well there is 1 in every crowd
Thank you for speaking up. As a American and Californian I am horrified. This is not my country. Please be vocal and vigilent
You'd have been a Nazi collaborator during WWII, informing on Jews & then appropriating their property.
Shove it up your already primed and hungry asshole, asshole. LOLOL
You know you wanna!
LOL. No, thank you. You may have it. And I've got a jar of mayo, so you can slather it up to your heart's delight.
Bravo. Please hold Trump accountable & ensure rational thinking and thoughtful policy, not fear and hatred.
You are one of my United States senators. I deserve your representation. Stop approving Trump's appointments!
You forgot your oath of office. It's a privaliage to come to this country not a right! I do not want these refugees here.
Are those the same women and children refugees who are gang-raping women in EU? We won't allow that in the US.
The vast majority of refugees are NOT women and children. FALSE. they're young men of military age. #LiberalLies #TravelBan
.@SenFeinstein Now you must stand up for decency and oppose Trump's Cabinet nominees. #NOSessions #DumpDevos
.@SenFeinstein Thank you for speaking out against this blatantly discriminatory  and unconstitutional order!
#nobannowall
Japanese before the war?
@lorriebellbrook Create public chaos-MSM covers continuously, ignores else-Dismantle gov't hidden from view #PresidentBannon
Thank you, Senator Feinstein. We need you to be strong and stand up for our American values. #NoWall #NoBan
Obviously YOU haven't taken a good look at those coming in ....THEY ARE MAINLY YOUNG MEN , VERY FEW WOMEN & CHILDREN
Ask Europe what their citizens have experienced with Islamic invasion.
Thank you!!!!
@SenFeinstein Please keep up the fight!   You are on the correct side of history, and we support you.
There is no legitimate reason for you to defend your refusal to enforce our laws but you keep flapping your jaw. Go away.
Do something, the Dems need to have some courage here and do the right thing. To stop Trump you have to first stand up to him
That is a lie.  The vast majority of the so-called refugees are young men of military age.
go to Syria and help set up safe spaces. Will you do that?
Let's get beyond "legitimate reason". Reason is clearly not in play. What will you do to STOP him? Voter in Ventura, CA
thank you for your statement. #MuslimBan
Please work with Democrats and Republicans to fight the demolition of our core values. Thank you for representing us!
Thank you for speaking out against injustice
Selective memory?
same women and children that are taught to murder and kill and blow themselves up no thanks
So how about re-thinking your vote re Sessions? He reportedly was in on this plan.
Please do more. A statement is not enough. You have power - please use it.
Thank you for representing us!
Glad you think this.  Now what are your doing?  Start by not confirming Sessions, DeVos, and Tillerson.
Thank you for speaking out on this issue, Senator Feinstein! #MuslimBan #NoBanNoWall
@windmillcharger thank you!!  Now get Trump impeached. Toss the lot out
This is all well and good, but what have you *done* about it?
Then DO SOMETHING!
It's white supremacy agenda coming back.
The Trump travel ban is a shameful distraction for other crazy measures he's taking
Thank you! We need your voice to state the joint chiefs downgrade in favor of Bannon is not acceptable. #StopPresidentBannon
What was your position in 2011 when Obama stopped immigrants from Iraq for 6 months.. Hypocrisy from the left is why we won
@IshmaelKhaldi then you take all of them to ur house, women and children can carry bombs also.
Mobilize the @TheDemocrats and DO SOMETHING!!!! Please!!!!
here is another "LEGITIMATE REASON" they're not going to live in your neighborhood! You have private security! Threat is real!
please vote no on Sessions
But you voted for his pro-#torture CIA pick! #Pompeo
oppose Sessions and oppose Trump
Then let your actions match your rhetoric: refuse to confirm Jeff Sessions.
please do not vote to confirm Sessions. Oppose and resist Trump. Please listen to the people.
so please do tell us what you're doing to stop it
.@SenFeinstein Stop confirming his appointees, stop saying "we haven't had many calls from constituents" & start answering your phone lines
The Dems have to do more. There must be moral Repubs you can lean on. Or mass strike.
25th Amendment, Sec 4.  Please just mention it.  It will be a self-fulfilling prophecy.  Thank you Dianne!
STOP VOTING FOR HIS NOMINEES
- there is no legitimate reason for you to be giving "yes" votes to trump's appointments. Quit or do your job.
Regret is all very well.  What do you plan to *do*?
Please start by withholding consent for any Republican legislation that supports/advances Trump's hate-inspired policies.
YOU ARE MY REP. I DEMAND MORE OF YOU. GET THE SANE FEW @GOP AND @TheDemocrats AND /RESIST! GET A SPINE!  
I hope to see you on your feet, with the people, protesting. Join your colleagues John Lewis & Eliz. Warren & a few other Dems
stand up to him Dianne and tell all our other representatives to do it too,
As a green card holder in CA, I'm asking you not just to disagree with this muslim ban, but do something about it. Please.
We are against the #MuslimBan Please continue to fight for our American values.  Tell us how we can help.  We are with you @SenFeinstein
No, it's not a Muslim ban
Do something. Anything.
Not just 'refugees'. They're legally permanent resident status green card holding citizens. Fight him! Stand up for all of us!
Please fight him with everything you've got, Senator Feinstein!
how can you stop this craziness!!
| Thank you, Senator.
We will remember every time you kiss Trump's ass by not blocking his appointments, or selling us out in compromises!
Trump should have given advance notice so families would not be separated&frightened for the future. We have a mentally unstable president.
Read the rationale. It seeks to exclude un-American values such as homophobia, sexism,racism,bigotry, hatred. Hmmm..,
Please take a very strong and public stand here. This is a moral disgrace. #MuslimBan
@nancypeggy please do something to help! What are all of you @SenateDems doing?! Act now! #doyourjob #resist #muslimban
@WOgaard It's a distraction...Russia
then maybe stop voting to confirm his nominees ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
PLEASE WORK TO GET REPUBLICANS TO DO SOMETHING TO REVERSE THIS!
@losivad so stop supporting his agenda and appointees
why are you voting for Trump's incompetent cabinet picks? (I'm a CA resident.)
We need more than words from you right now. We need action to stop this horror. Californians stand behind you.
you have been a senator since 1992, do something! All this experience and here we are just tweeting!!!
Repubs win fighting. Democrats lose placating. How lonhg before you figure it out? Stop voting in favor of Trump appointees.
then stop collaborating.
what are you doing about this?
Vichy Democrat
What are you doing to fight it? We the people are rising up against such actions, but don't feel our elected officials are.
agreed please do whatever it takes to reverse this and to open our airports - no illegal detention
like your tweets but Dems aren't doing anything about it except say words. We want action We want resistance every damm day
I've been trying to call your offices for 3 days... so as a constituent- stop him every step of the way. No to all nominations
Then stop rubber stamping his cabinet members and nominees.  You give him too much power. No on all.
WTF stop voting for these cabinet nominees. They are as bad or worse than trump.
Then it is important that this travesty of justice be addressed.
As a constituent, I expect you to do something. #NoBanNoWall
are you going to support them financially? I will venture a guess, no.  The taxpayer can't support the world. Just u is enuf
We don't need rhetoric. We need positive action.
What are choosing right NOW? What can we do when a madman is systematically destructive? NOW, not tomorrow.
So...next time vote no on cabinet picks? You should be ashamed of youselfn
Do something. Please.
@brontyman Thank you Senator Feinstein.
@shannoncoulter isn't it time for the Senator to be more active?
so what are you going to do about it?
Thank you....now what can we do to stop this executive order...please advise
Senator Feinstein speaks for us all. Today we weep for the families who are just trying to stay alive. @potus humiliates USA 
do something about it!!
PLEASE DO SOMETHING! This can't go on. Depending on our legislators to stop Trump's insanity!
Thank you. as my voice in the senate, please FIGHT THIS. LIFT THE BAN IMMEDIATELY!
<----- USELESS
I can see you still haven't figured out how to stop lying.
Thank you for speaking up about this.  I am a constituent and absolutely horrified by this order.
gonna vote no on #Sessions yet?
Are you going to stand UP and fight for what's right?
Sen.Fienstein: Explain EXACTLY:
1. Why Congress is letting this happen
2. 50-100 Illegitimate E.C. Voters not investigated
3. The RU blackmail against Trump, and the dead RU agent 
4. Why Congress doesn't DEMAND his Taxes
5. Why Congress doesn't DEMAND Divesting!
.@SenFeinstein What are you DOING about this? Aside from approving his cabinet members?
Jobs about the few Dems in charge not agree to anything or anyone Trump wants!
while placing high goal posts requiring thousands of constituent phone calls before UR willing to bother counter Trump noms.
DO YOUR JOB!!!
you refuse to even name the rogue nazi regimes who are waging an extermination campaign: Assad Putin Iran. #NoBanNoWall
.@SenFeinstein it took Trump overreach before you deigned object to 5 year Assad genocide. you wouldn't even support calls for food drops.
@Solutioneer72 There is no reason for you, WiFi, to not do enuf to get fired from the Senate. Why the hell not? Why?
@shannoncoulter
Hey @SenFeinstein thanks for joining us!!  Starting to wonder who I voted for.
@Truactive @alfranken PLEASE FIGHT. PLEASE RESIST
@shannoncoulter N Solidarity I Encourage an Impeachment of Trump
what will you do to help them?
Maybe don't fucking vote for his cabinet members now? (CA constituent here)
Yes and what will you actually do about it?
I'm glad we agree. What are you going to do to stop it?
Stop voting for his cabinet then!
how about punish those who break the law and provide aid to the Mexican government to improve quality of life
Horse crap. Most illegals are healthy young men who should be fighting in their country.
Unlike the rest of us, you happen to be a check on the Executive branch. Do your job. Not tweet.
What legal action have you and @SenateDems taken today in response to the #Muslimban EO?
This is a crisis, not a normal situation. Which means we need you not to be a normal senator, which means: do something. Now.
What are you doing to stop it?
most are men- wanting to cause harm -protect our true legal citizens - tell the truth!
please stop this evil #NotMyPresidentTrump
That's Angela Merkel's identical speech to Germany. How's that myth working for Germany? Citizens affraid to walk the street.
.@SenFeinstein I'm a constituent in Moraga. Thank you for opposing @POTUS' #immigrationban. I respectfully urge you to continue doing so.
@jmo201 What is the plan, Senator?  We are counting on you.  This is tragic.
hey clean up your voice mails and answer some phone calls please. #resist #draintheswampcabinet
What?! We have a great reason....America's Safety!! This is a TEMPORARY ban until we can be sure NO bad guys get in to kill us
it's YOUR job to fight back! Your constituents want you to defend immigration rights and stand against Drumpf.
Please pass whatever you're smoking if you actually believe that statement because Germany says otherwise.

Why do you lie Senator? The vast majority of refugees in Europe are military age males.
@sellwithmarcy 

#TrumpDetainsStatueOfLiberty
how come they can't go to Canada 
This has to be nearing cause for impeachment, right?
Do you really think that Sessions will push back against DJT on the rights of Muslims and other minorities?
Please vote against Sessions if you really care about civil rights and civil liberties.
You are making history by supporting every one of his nominees. Get a spine and fight
how can we people help
you voted yes on all cabinet members. You are part of the problem #PrimaryChallenge coming your way
Then start taking action and vote NO on his appointees.  Your constituents are speaking; will you listen?
except keeping America safe. But you could care less about the country you're embarrassed of. Right?
do something about it!
You must stand up to this. What actions are you taking?
it's also illegal under The Immigration and Nationality Act of 1965.
Please do something. People are being detained at airport
Share with your COLLEAGUES  @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @GOPLeader @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems
Then why aren't the neighboring arab countries stepping up and help solve both isis and refugee problem Why always the USA
Do everything in your power to fight back. Our Country is in Danger. And now Going to be in a whole new war!!!!
Do something, then! Talk is cheap (but you already knew that. Help lead #TheResistance; or, if the fight's too tough , #resign
@JMZElection who will stop this man? Is there one decent human being left in GOP to begin impeachment proceedings? Find him
This is a travesty! Please fight him. The world will despise Americans.
Vote against any cabinet nominee who supports such a thing. @Courtney__Swan
