Trump is under the impression that starting a war will keep him in power...no elections.
Clinton gave them reactors obama kiss their ass. And for once our president told them and you don't like that.  SICK
What diplomatic relations do you refer to?  The ones we have to conduct through China?  Are you colluding?
Pleas support Ted Lieu's bill stopping Trump from first strike (when it comes to the Senate).
No... You hurt diplomatic efforts....
Just like you hurt our constitutional republic....
Please retire
Too many in Pentagon are looking for "small" nuclear weapons so we can have "small" nuclear wars.
Congress must be able to do something to save our country. This man cause the death of our country if you don't stop him.
How about a couple of you go talk to the crazy Dictator, not trump. See what he wants? Or is that just work for Canadians and Ex B ballers?!

Bots everywhere on this thread-always when a Dem senator tweets...Putin bots are locked &loaded
Your party has us in this situation. When NOKO blows up LA or SF while you sit in DC hope you'll feel good. TermLimits!
There is never a chance at diplomacy with a mad man.
The 8 years of Obama and Democrats doing absolutely nothing to prevent N. Korea from developing more weapons has helped  so much...
This has been going on for 25yrs. what kind of language do you propose to use?  More pampering for an additional 25yrs.  Iran is next.
I guess we need to pay them off like Bill Clinton did
Thank you for your sanity!
Get over yourself!
Trump is nothing but an instable, UNFIT, unqualified BULLY!! Our constituition was suppose to PROTECT us from this.. #25thAmendmentNow
Thank you for working to protect us. #ImpeachTrump #ProtecttheTruth #ProtectACA #Theresistance #ProtecttheTruth #ProtectACA  #ImpeachTrump
WWII was a "limited nuclear war".  I choose to save Americans over North Koreans.  Let us know of other options before you throw stones.
Even the Russians are worried lest North Korean missiles hit them by accident: http://throughrussianeyes.com 
What diplomatic efforts?
This woman is delusional, her ramblings if followed will lead to the deaths of hundreds of thousands of American citizens.
Thank you for speaking up on this issue. A peaceful world is paramount and our president should not be so reckless.
You and your colleagues are directly responsible for this situation. Now we all have to deal with that. I want more negotiations? #unite
IMPEACH Trump 25th amendment
Your approach has created this crisis. Its time for you to now keep quiet or resign. Pls let the adults in charge try to clean up your mess
Sen, the US has been dancing on diplomacy for 24-yrs in Clinton, Bush, and Obama. indicating great deals made, a crock of BS, fight back now
I am sick of this appeasement and political correctness.   The North Korean government is NOT being bullied.  Fight fire with fire. Period.
The POTUS is insane dear Senator- It's time to invoke the #25thamendment .  To not do so is dereliction of duty.
This whole thing is DISTRACTION! REMOVE THE ILLEGITIMATE GOP FROM WH. IMPEACH THE ELECTION PERIOD! He did NOT win!
Dems phrase of the week : "saber rattling"
Dems 32 year diplomatic phrase for NK? "Saber rattling"
If not worth doing anything to NK...?
At least trump says it as it is. Obama never did anything to nk he sat back and let it happen along with you and your cronies
"There's no such thing as a winnable war. It's the lie we don't believe anymore."
Senator with due respect, 1994 when then President Clinton gave 4 billion dollars to NK to make the world safer did not work.  Optus is ok.
Is there such thing as diplomatic relations with North Korea? They seem to feel that we are the embodiment of imperialism.
GO BACK TO THE KITCHEN, SILLY WOMAN.
Do you also call him Mr. Lover Lover?
Sen. Feinstein: Will Congress act ASAP to removed @POTUS who has a "dangerous mental illness" - psychiatrists @ Yale
so let that crazy man in NK shoot first and maybe kill Americans, sorry you and Obama had 8yrs to deal with NK and you did nothing
Well thank Bill Clinton he created the problem &How did Obama's let's talk work out. Maybe tough talk is needed  now. Talks &hugs didnt work
US mainstream media gives little hands Trump voice spew irrational impulsive childish undiplomatic hot head rhetoric. He hungers War & blood
Trump is unfit to be in office as Commander-in-Chief President. Congress needs to fire Trump!
You're a sellout to America
North Korea is interested in diplomacy. That should be obvious by now
Time will tell... They should have never been allowed to build nukes in the first place... Trump didn't ask for this
Because after Clinton gave them the green light to nuclear weapons negotiations have been just stellar. Geez
You mean bowing and scraping by democrats who fear their own shadow... you and your ilk put us here!
They have been THREATENING us for YEARS! Eventually, they are going to bomb us! @realDonaldTrump  is trying to protect us!
Dianne wants to wait till North Korea actually Nukes LA before she pulls up her girdle 
How many Nuclear threats does it take Dianne?
From the Neville Chamberlain School of Diplomacy.  Because our engagement without pre-conditions has worked out so well.
Ooops! http://youtu.be/6TcbU5jAavw  #democratdiplomacy
Good thing @JustinTrudeau @EmmanuelMacron and #Merkel are real leaders and understand diplomacy
No you have been a part of creating this issue your opinion does not matter at all to the majority of people in America!
Diplomatic?  You really believe that lunatic is going to work with anyone diplomatically?  Are you naïve???
No not naive... old and out of touch with reality
What diplomatic efforts?  The sit on our hands and play nice program?  That didn't work
You're right! Draw an Obama red line with NK and let's wait and see what happens!
Diplomacy and ignoring incendiary comments from the DPRK has worked well.  Interesting many Dems attacking The President few attacks on Kim
Typical dems
Yeah because of what Bill Clinton Bush and Obama did has really deterred North Korea's nuclear program.
You're a joke Feinstein
Take a nap wind bag.
Someone has to make up for Obama's 8 years of limp-wristed foreign diplomacy and for Clinton setting up NK's nuclear footprint in '94
Dianne you need to WAKE UP, all Diplomatic efforts have already been exhausted.  You better REVIEW your own words when Clinton was Pres.
Agreed but I doubt trump will nuke NK instead he'll bomb the shit out of them an where ever their trying to develop nukes
You cant negotiate with crazy
Following  @billclinton Big No Korea Fail @BarackObama did redux with Iran  @POTUS will have to resolve both these DemocRat F-Ups
I agree worst case scenario N.Korea A-Bombs hits California ,since they want to become their own country it's not a attack on American soil
Thank @billclinton & Bill Richards &  Secy of State not so bright
a dictator who's launching missles in our direction and that of our allies. How do you negotiate with NK Exactly? Give them more $$$ like BC
Maybe he should send them a big plane full of cash so they can buy more weapons like Obama did with the #IranDeal?
Guess he should have used "LINE IN THE SAND" comment instead, eh? Like that worked a treat, didn't it?
Remind North Korea we're working to get rid of the illogical, illegitimate trump regime as quickly as possible.
Hey lying Di did you know that Obama knew about the nukes in 2013? Of course U did! U R a group of liars!! #Don'tStandwithFeinstein
Where have you been while previous admins allowed North Korea to obtain nukes?
And ballistic missiles?
Imagine if Ole Billy Boy had not facilitated the sale of the Loral Launch Technology to China.
THIS CAN BE FIXED AS LONG AS HE SAYS NOTHING NEGATIVE AGAIN !SURROUND PENINSULA WITH MILITARY !KEEP ON HIGH ALERT !ALLOW NO GOODS TO ENTER!
Scares the heck out of me. Does Covered CA cover radiation sickness from nuclear fallout?Hope so.
Finally someone with aomething intelligent to say! #25thamendmentnow
I agree something is getting lost in  translation  now would be good time to have these talks ASAP. God bless the world
Obama,bush,Clinton r on tape and news saying same thing. Ur against potus so u hit on everything but to ignorant to know truth. We see tru u
Senator you approved the deal NK received by Bill Clinton and you just armed Iran with the same deal. Shame on Dems!
I'm happy you stopped your 1 month vacation to write a letter while at your shore house on the taxpayers dime.
All dems/libs helped in destroying this country. They're dumber than doornails &we all have to suffer b/c of their stupidity & ignorance.
Типичный Тролль ... Никогда не добавляет ничего
Kim Jong Un threatened a US territory with nukes where 162,000 Americans live. Time for talking has ended!
We are the Eagle, the Super Power.
Liberals bow down to dictators, you project us as weak!
That's right .. make it look like the worse scenario...scare tactics. Remember the missile crisis? Yea....
Old biddy, it played on fox Clinton said he would end North Korea , Obama said they would be destroyed .
As it worked in the past? Clinton stuff in the 1990s....that really worked. That got NK to where they are now. How about regular ordinance?
For someone to put politics over the safety of our nation is treason. We should stand united in the face of adversity
"kick the can "and give them$$,like B Clinton's deal that's WHY we're in this!U have been a Senator for YEARS What have U done to stop this!
If we actually had diplomats in NK
Diane if they attack us this is the correct response.   Their is no diplomatic ability with NK.  You know that
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump will act unlike @POTUS44 @BarackObama Hussein who did nothing for 8 years except drive us deeper into debt!

#MAGA
There is no reasoning with a madman. A regime change is in order.
Spineless diplomacy by the left while funding nuclear "energy" pursuits of despots is what put us in danger to begin with. Iran next.
I'm with you Senator. We should wait for DPRK to take out SF and LA before we get concerned.
Diplomatic efforts have already failed multiple times and you're part of the problem!
*Perhaps, Sen., your history is faulty enough that you forgot that the U.S. did launch a limited nuclear attack; e.g. Nagasaki, Hiroshima.
I've been wondering if how it would have played out had we traded with them versus isolating them and put us at odds.
Should we just stand around and suck our thumbs Dianne?
Dianne please retire ! Your constant harassing rhetoric on  President Trump is getting old and truly unpatriotic ! Stop the resistance!
Kerry's diplomatic efforts in 2013, 2015, and 2016 with NK how did that work out for us ?
Yeah coming from you same old thing about diplomacy we've been there we've done that if they sneeze we'll nail them
We've been doing sanctions and diplomatic efforts since 1950s with north Korea it doesn't work so either they stop the threats or be 
@billclinton as POTUS gave North Korea $5 billion & 2 nuclear reactors in 1994, essentially giving them nuke you was serving in Senate also
Oops she forgot about that one and the same deal she just gave Iran!
This guy is not thinking clearly and really he doesn't know what his doing. His a fake liar no leader ship with nobody don't care ignorant
Please don't let him kill us. Please.
How's diplomacy working for you?
Shut up and stay quiet, you brand of diplomacy got us to this point, you failed under clinton, bush, and obama, you have no standing
I agree Dianne! I told him the world has seen the fire & fury before & for him to watch Enola Gay,Hiroshima & White Light Black Rain.
Harry Truman threatened NK the same way during the Korean War. Stop or be nuked. Guess who stopped?
Where were you Sen. Feinstein when the previous Administration did nothing but let North Korea get to this point????
Those nuclear warheads weren't built overnight. What did Obama do? NOTHING!
Who is going to tell @SenFeinstein why Japan surrendered in WWII?
Oh that negotiating that Obama did w/NK really helped!  Obama ignored and now Trump has to clean up!
Sounds great! That's what got us in this mess while you supported Mr Obama's do nothing approach. If you are afraid get out of the way.
Diplomacy has failed, can't negotiate w mentally ill dictator...time to get China to act on economic pressure w nk army..
And then concerned citizens are told not to "make too much of it." How in the world can someone fail to view "fire and fury" as a threat?
Remember when McCain taunted. Bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb bomb Iran. Or called Kim a CRAZY fat kid! What about that rhetoric? 25YRS DEALING W/NK
He is an ass.
@realDonaldTrump President Trump, please challenge Kim jung to a duel at 50 feet! No matter what happens, the world will be a better place!
#ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW
Like always,Trump's attempt to attract free publicity from the media,he lives & breath attention regardless of who he kill in the process!!!
Has occurred to anyone that women & sick people are able to #StandUp & those 13 guys who wrote the failed #TrumpCare bill R #silent
When is that impeachment?
Because he is acting perfectly reasonable you just don't understand because your dad is a beta pussy and your mom owns your house.
I finally agree with you! The Obama admins policy of ignoring NK was a failed strategy as was Bill Clinton's diplomatic/pay off strategy
The state dept has been gutted. No direction from WH. Nuclear rhetoric increases as Mueller's investigation intensifies. THIS IS NUTS
His actions are for his base only.The rest of us are aging in dog years just hoping for sanity to return.It won't until he's gone.
How's your diplomatic efforts worked out all these years? Sit down.

Years of inaction and being soft got us to this point. How long have you been in Congress?
word
Written in passive voice, Dianne. Who wrote this for you.
We won WW2.  We used 2 nukes.  We won with nukes.
You have been in office for 30 years. How did you let this happen?
how many more signs do we need to invoke Article 25 on this madman?
I wish we could draft you weaklings into the Army..
Please work with your collegues across the aisle to come up with a solution to this administration's ongoing erratic behavior.
Every time the Moron in Chief opens his mouth it does something to set back the country either in stature or safety...hope someone hid codes
flamers & furries a big hit in las vegas?
How long have you been in the Senate?  And what have you done to solve the NK problem?  Precisely nothing.  So keep quiet now.
Does anyone believe the madman rhetoric from the WH? Donnie has 6 properties in KR..does anyone think he will personally put his $$ at risk?
Trump is a clear and present danger to our national security
?????
Congress should start today by withdrawing it's "sanctions (war)" legislation and show the world we, America, want peace. @keithellison
I emailed you today. Our prez is mentally unstable and only Congress can declare war.
POTUS didn't declare war and he can make first strike actions without congressional approval! But thanks for playing
The contributing Americans know that The Diplomatic efforts aren't working your statements come right out of your face that you sit on
Anyone who believes they can 'win' a nuclear war is dangerous and delusional
Kim Jong Un will have his nation fighting with sticks and stones when we are finished with them!
Maybe if you send him flowers he might behave, diplomacy has been working so far.
"dialogue without any precondition" *looking at Iran* #smh #facepalm
@GOP & @realDonaldTrump are not looking for a winnable or diplomatic solution...they just want the distraction to pound away at Democracy...
Thought it took one to know one?...Ahhhahhh...a Trump Troll conspiracy theories nutbag. Who pays you troll?
How much crazier does he have to get before we can Impeach him?  He is CLEARLY DANGEROUS
PEACE IN OUR TIME
