Through fault of the lawbreaking parents. Hey, if #CIA makes $ on Mexican drugs, does that explain why people leave Mexico? Accountability?
#DACA shouldn't exist in the first place.  Take care of all the American children first.  Oh wait you don't care about Americans do you?
Illegal immigration is still illegal immigration protect the citizen taxpayers
How dare u criticize @realDonaldTrump policies. U said we need "patience" with him. U should b ashamed! How can u sleep at night? Hypocrite!
God is a just God. These people have malign the president and his family. Everyone of these people will get what they deserve!
I wasn't supporting @realDonaldTrump in my tweet. He is furthest thing from God in my opinion. @SenFeinstein is hypocrite that was my point
I agree with you she is a hypocrite!
Trump has this sick obsession about EVERYTHING President Obama did, no matter how decent and humane. Trump just CAN´T do something like DACA
A narcissist tortures & abuses people as a means to punish, reassert superiority & grandiosity.
Heard u say we need "patience" w/ Trump. Senator don't run for re-election. Make room for a more progressive voice. It's time.
We need to know what they are doing for our country, because if they are doing what you are doing for our then it's nothing!
Americans First
@ChuckGrassley attacks 
Comey & FusionGPS 
but Don Jr can testify behind closed doors (not under oath)
TRUMP CALLS & SAYS HE'S PRO-ETHANOL
How would those kids would pay for food,medical, education etc the people of the USA getting tried of giving our tax dollars away.
I'm sorry to interrupt your ridiculous message BUT we do not receive any kind of federal help to "pay for food, medical or education" (1/4)
I'm so glad you opened your home to them, have fun senator
"no fault of their own" helped @EricCantor lose. big time.
You are full of crap. You also broke the constitution when you asked about religion
Build the wall, build the wall, build the wall, build the wall, build the wall, build the wall. Then DACA
Are these #dreamers enriching your life?
A slow reaction 2 an Obama Exec Order expiring Tuesday. Go figure! Why didn't u pass legis 2 years ago when Obama acted Unconstitutionally
Malignant narcissists don't pivot, they double down. Psychology 101. You just lost my vote forever. Go talk to a Dreamer to get your head on
Dreamers who have done everything right have earned the right to a path to citizenship. It's the right thing to do. #DACA
Keyword:  ILLEGAL.
Keyword: BIGOT.
Ya Right so they can vote Democraps
And what's the ratio of those who accomplish and those who wind up in or should be in prison? 1 in 50,000? Not good odds.
I am willing to trade the trump clan for the entire DAKA group and let's call it even. 
Or Incentives people to break the law—and punishes those that have followed the law.  You violated your oath to the constitution.
Blah blah blah  and tax cuts are only for the rich and millions are going to die!  Same shit different democrat!!!
In other words, the enrich your voter rolls. Got it! 
Our immigration laws aren't to make life fair for the world, but for the US.
#HowDoesThatJustifyPuttingPeopleIntoPrisonForPot?
You've been a Senator for 25 years under 2 Dem Presidents. Why didn't you work to get this made into law? Or is this just politics?
Bad politicians reward cheaters instead of providing infrastructure. You included @TaxWasted @GOP @sacbee_news @LAWeekly @ericgarcetti @NPR
@sheyenne9 -no fault of their own???Family is always trying too better their station & success is defined differently #Resist
How about you donate some of your millions to pay for their public schooling and ER visits you brittle old crone?  #DACA
You're destroying California.

Sincerely,
A Native Californian.
Fishing for votes much?
It's not their fault their families can't obey the law. Those who break the law should be accountable. Or can I rob a bank and get a pass?
and it guarantees a Dem vote in the future. End #DACA
Renew DACA. Invite DREAMERS to complete the American Dream by joining US.
I've interviewed a College Grad Dreamer & would like to hire. Dreamer has filed to renew DACA. USCIS is super slow in processing renewal.
I've got a better idea:  They can self-deport and get in line like the rest of the LAW ABIDING applicants?  #DACA
When you say better idea, you lack facts. Deportation of DACA recipients hurts US, not helps it.
How so. I know American kids who don't give a fuck.
You are a Senator sworn to uphold the laws of the US.  How can you justify turning your back on the law?  Let them go home and apply legally
BS
What does their failure do to the economy and society?
How? What a joke! Never saw an illegal want to pay taxes and I prepared taxes for 20+ yrs. Work for US citizens not illegal aliens!
All sorts of people have issues through "no fault of their own". Still doesn't excuse breaking the law.  Think of another solution.
T/fault of Democrat Party ignoring Immigration laws forcing Californian's 2live with lawbreaking illegals w/ZERO ramifications #DEMSFAULT
With all due respect, 45 is continuing to "learn" to hate and "change" the lives of innocent children.  Enough!!
Factually false TDS is pure hatred promoted & celebrated by false moral purity. It doesn't exsist. Following immigration laws never=HATE
How about our kids, born here or adopted and brought here legally, BTW jumping through all the hoops including naturilization.
Thank you for co-sponsoring Dream Act! 
Technically they broke the law. If I take a soda from a grocery store without paying because I'm thristy, is that breaking law? I was thirst
Support your country - your district needs some tough love, this is not how we do things in the USA, no reason they should assimilate
Like working in your VINEYARD !!
Why should they PROSPER more than #AMERICAN KIDS & WE pay for it!
You're one the faces of #TermLimits

There are approx 3.7 million unlawful immigrant households in the U.S. These households impose a net fiscal burden of around $54.5B per year
Come here legally- and come back in legally !!!
All at the expense of my children born here through no fault of their own. You are a fraud.
Christ lady retire, move your ass to mexico since you like them so much, we Americans will rebuild our country
Save our homeless veterans first
This is their country! Their HOME! SHAME, greedy people!
Since America is so racist we are doing them a favor.
How can we help? I'd protect a Dreamer with my life. This is outrageous, Senator.
That's all good, but my son a @USArmy soldier, a college grad, has loans to pay, where's his help? He dreamt big, got nothing from Govm't.
Good in theory but hopefully when they attack you or scale your 10 ft wall to rob you, then you may change your "mind"!
It seems people are migrating north to Canada for safty wonder if this is a option
Thank you for supporting #DACA
let's all take our kids to another country and see if they pay for them
Senator, please, please, please stop this! The Dreamers ARE the American Dream.
Birth rate of unauthorized immigrants grows 1000% since 1980 as 800,000 dreamers enter childbearing years.
come on, Senator;  all 800,000 of these kids are 'angels'?
of course #DACA dreamers will make better #believers and #slaves than those that are born in the #US..

#ThursdayThoughts #Resist #MAGA
Protect the Dreamers!!!
still breaking the law @SenFeinstein do you respect the law?
It may take an actual law passed instead of presidential prosecutorial preference. Know any lawmakers?
Senator Feinstein you need to retire talking about let's give DT a chance thank you for your service but you lost the fire 
So you admit, the fault is their parents 
Also the DEMOCRAT nullifiyier PARTY. #DEMSFAULT
You've been in office far too long
#TermLimits

CONGRESS MUST ACT! PASS the #dreamact
Guess who has veto power?
U.S. is $20 trillion in debt. CA is almost $600 billion in debt. Taxpayers not responsible for school, housing, food & medical for illegals.
talk is cheap do something to stop trump
U R heartless by taking resources from American citizens & legal immigrants to give them 2 citizens of foreign nations. Who R U working for?
Thank you for a defense of #daca that actually makes sense and is in line with its intend.
Well you do need future new sheep to vote exceptionally often for you. Too bad you can't win over actual Americans. YOU need DACA not us.
2018 your gone as is Pelosi, and yes we will have a Rep GOV. You all have destroyed this GREAT STATE.
Hey Diane, guess what there are ALOT of young legal Californians that are hard working individuals. Remember them?
Diane I guess children of tax paying citizens take second spot to DACA illegals Remember who voted for U are legal Ca residents
Wrong.  DACA rewards illegal behavior.

If my parents steal from you, am I entitled to keep your money? NO
If I use it to enrich society? NO
yepppp I see how MS13 enriches the economy & society........
Please hurry up and get this horrible person out of office.
Great, pass immigration reform. Easy answer Senator.
How can you say that?  Around you are homeless children born here. What has been done to take care of them? Love your own first Senator!
And how frightening for these young people to be sent away from their homes and everything they know.
How freighting is it for them to lose their jobs, and not be able to live to their potential. Be deprived of the only life they know.
wait ...progressives love socialism...are you now saying the socialist / communist countries they come from suck
Get a grip brother. This has nothing to do with party lines, this is about people who are no different than Americans born here. #defenddaca
How doUknow"it's the life they only know"?why the racist term "brother"? Party lines-middle America non-progressive dems said no2illegals!!!
BS!
GREAT! Let's unleash their potential back in their own country! I'm sure they'll be welcomed w/ open arms w/ all tht potential
BS. DACA doesn't help America or Americans. This is a costly Socialist program that costs American students a chance to attend college.
If they voted Republican your tune would change. #DACA #DREAMers You'd want that wall built and fast. @POTUS @GOP
Yes, but it takes away opportunities from Americans - many who were processed through legal channels. DREAMERS need to learn responsibility.
The president should set a date to terminate DACA & force lazy politicians to develop real policies. Don't play w/ kids for political gain.
Good! They can go home and apply for citizenship like everyone else. They will be welcomed when accepted.
Well let those youths go enrich some other country. We'll consider it charity instead of giving billions in foreign aid.
How many meetings u had w/ Rep senators to come up w/ a robust solution? Start working. The kids need & deserve to know their future.
#SaveDACA by getting Congress to pass the #DreamAct please.
Then DO something!!!
And you left them in Limbo and failed to work on a real solution. DACA is unconstitutional. FIX IT. HELP TRUMP.
You are the only one voice of reason on you left wing communist party. Why democrats did not work with republicans to fix immigration?
When they come of age, which many have.. they should become an American citizen... right?? right?
and what about American children? Disposable when you have illegals voting for you I suppose.
Nope
Lie
We could be deporting our next president or cancer cure finder.  Can't expect good things from the confederate states
Defend it, no excuses!
It seems that #DACA people and Dems haven't learned English as required. #DACA only deferred deportation; it never conferred legal status.
But it also gave the ability for people to work and go to school. So no, no legal status, but the closest thing to it. #defenddaca
They're here illegally, clown. Didn't you take an oath to uphold the law?
Actually, it's mostly a drain on the system but you keep lying because that's what Dems do.
If there so great. Then the country they came from should want them. Win Win
how come Americans have to bear the burden, yet Mexico would not accept me as a voter?
@KamalaHarris  If POTUS could he would throw out every Latino he can in the US irregardless of their citizenship. He has no use for them.
and yet you say “The question is whether he can learn and change,if so, I believe he can be a good president.” The two don't synch.
The bullshit she said now he slapped her Street in her face if her old ass can get on the bus we must vote her out
Didn't you say that Trump could be a good president, like 20 minutes ago?
Unleasges the potential of MS-13
They stole your jobs through no fault of their own.   They took your seat at college, through no fault of their own.   You lost our country
Not our fault their parent broke the law and came here illegally! Our American born children need help!
Senator Feinstein,  how come these youth's that have been here illegally for years have not applied for citizenship?
If it were me, as soon as I was old enough,  I would do anything it took to be naturalized.
Bingo!!
Throws away (1) Dreamers' hard work & (2) Taxpayers' investment in their education & training. What kind of a businessman wastes investment?
Still think he can be a good president ??  @SenBobCasey @SenKamalaHarris @SenWarren    #ImpeachTrump #DACA
Proud Texan educator who will continue to fight for dreamers!  #saveDACA
This is about Trump pleasing his supremacist base
heard u told commonwealth Trump could be a good president. Voted for u many times. Sadly Not again! Need progressive and insightful voice.
You had countless opportunities to protect #DREAMers! And failed! Lives that will be ruined are on your hands senator.
No sympathy. .blame the parents for not being responsible...bye bye daca.
What about the potential of our own citizen students left behind thanks to Teachers Unions? Priorities Senator. #Principlesoverpolitics
Their success comes by leaving the child of a citizen behind.  The price is too high.  They need to be deported, you need to be replaced
And what about those that don't enrich the economy and society? Should we assume that anyone crossing the border is better than an American?
AND Democrats?... that's what you really mean right? 
If #DACA "kids" were successful, they'd be taking success stories from (legal) immigrants. But they're not, most are welfare cases #EndDACA
What is your source for them being on welfare?
Mexico will be very lucky to have such well educated people back in the fold to help the country grow.
yeah it's like reparations for the damage Bill Clinton  @ClintonCashFilm  did to Mexico  with NAFTA. Make Mexico Great Again
Why do we want to separate families? #DAPA is illegal & ruled in court so. Want to keep the #DACA kids w/ their parents, even if deported.
#EndDACA
I really wish you were this empathetic and supportive of the children of U.S. citizens.
Question from legal Cali resident Dianne? GIve me a number-how many more DACA recipients is enough? Legal Americans have dreams-End DACA Ca.
#ACA has unleashed devastation on schools and healthcare turning them into 3rd world broken facilities. #StopDACA NOW!
We know it enriches the Democrat Party voter base.
We were ready to give you benefit of doubt on where your loyalty was. Today U made it clear to your constituents that they dont matter #DACA
It's based on breaking Federal law. Tired of politicians picking and choosing what laws they'll break.
I'm a LEGAL immigrant of Asian descent and DACA needs to end NOW! Corrupt politicians should stop aid/abet Mexico's reconquista agenda.
No you're not.
You don't know me, bro.
DECA hides MS13.. needs restructured. Deal with it..
WE can't even afford to teach kids who are here legally.
why don't you move to china where your inside information, has made you & your husband millions. you can talk about human rights there.
#DACA shields many MS13 members. http://wtop.com/prince-william-county/2017/08/5-men-ties-ms-13-arrested-slaying-md-teen/ …
5 men with ties to MS-13 arrested in slaying of Md. teen
What does your ass know about MS come on man you don't know shit about street gangs
It does not. They complete for jobs and they don't assimilate as Americans
#defendDACA #defendDACA #defendDACA #defendDACA #defendDACA #defendDACA #defendDACA #defendDACA #defendDACA #defendDACA #defendDACA
They have to go back.
Says the toaster.

They are here illegally.
and they are depriving American children of opportunities bt taking their jobs and college seats
Trump needs to go
The answer is to reform our immigration laws, not rely on the various presidents to interpret the law.
You've been in Congress for how long?
What exactly have YOU done to address the immigration issues?
NADA. NOTHING. ZIP. Nichts.
