You're right. However Our public schools are failing us therefore making preschool accessible won't help a whole lot.
If a parent stayed home they would get all the help they needed
Then cut your spending and your pay to help cover the cost
Here's a thought- maybe stop the entitlements and welfare handouts and hold them accountable for having  large families then offer pre K
And you call yourself a Christian! What God do you worship? There by the grace of God go you...
God loves those who do for themselves. Those who can and won't are lazy and not at all deserving of help. Pretty sure that's Michael's point
God loves ALL People! YOU & Michael have no right to judge anyone! Exactly whats wrong with our world!
Hi pot meet kettle. You are 100% judging us. #hypocrite
#HeadStart programs are a great model!
All you're really saying is, parental abuse is rabid. Calif. should insist on licensing child birth, as well as abortions... reign them in!
I am not a politician but I can do a better job of taking care of our citizens! Because of your nasty behavior I pray u spend eternity in ?
There you go again. Olitics of division. Support Tax Reform and problem is solved by private sector NOT Big Bro Gov't
That is the parents job.  Not the job of your big socialized govt.  So you can train them to be little copies of you
How about expanding health care access via a single payer system?????????
How can you be so incensitive!!
Low-income children? Are you in favor of child labor, Dianne?
It is parents job to teach 4yr for kindergarten.  The school hands out what they need. Real problem is having two different translators.
I agree.
I know because I taught those children for 30 years or more.
Education is more than what is taught in school, it's also better parenting, and you don't get that with more entitlements #bresponsible4slf
#stopdemsbuyingvoteswithmoreentitlements
#takeresponsibility
#workforaliving
#illegalscostmoney
Sure why don't we do that so that all the lazy butt welfare mothers can sit at home and watch more Oprah or Ellen. #feinsteingotta   #senile
If you're that low income, don't have children. U S tax payers aren't the moms n dads of these kids. By the way, not our fault either!
I pay for my children's pre school AND THEIRS. I pay for their welfare, health care,food stamps too. PISSED OFF!
Children need to be with their parents if at all possible (at a very young age) not with stranger's at a school.
I was one of them.
Stop endorsing irresponsible bad parenting.
Oh look, another unfunded entitlement offer from a crazy San Francisco lib. Preach responsibility instead.
& DT needs to b @ d top cause hes d most incompetent leader & I thought GW was boy was I wrong
why did you hurt the coal miners kids put the farther out of work.....
How are you planning on paying for all your "Musts" ?!!!!
But let's remember to keep DEVELOPMENTAL age in mind. Studies show development hasn't change in 100yrs but our expectns have.
@MarshallTuck expanding early education like #TransitionalKindergarten is way to meet school readiness in the era of local control funding.
Yes especially the children that can't start because of where their birthday falls at the beginning of the school year.
Education system fails the middle class too! For evidence see 2016 election results. Expand to include middle class or Dems don't rebound!
We need your support for expanded charter schools... Help our children... Give parents a choice...
#ChildCare4All
I think you're a hack but Pre-K is a great idea.
Feinstein,you want something for everyone,paid for by others that often don't get use of theses services. This =tax & spend.
You people the more you talk the more you are bringing our nation. We are a nation that has already told our president how to use our money!
just make the economy better so the parents can get better jobs, or maybe don't have children until you're financially stable
Already in place it's called TK and head start ... are u campaigning for more pork belly spending ?
SENATOR WITH GODS BLESSING ALL IS POSSIBLE,!
SENATOR WITH GOD WE CAN PROGRESS THOUSANDS OF YEARS IN A SHORT TIME SATANS HOLD ON PEOPLE  IS WHAT IS STOPPING PROGRESS! WITH GODS BLESSING+
Absolutely agree with the expansion...
The Tweets I've just read unbelievable! There will always, be the weak, sick, poor. We are all human beings Stop the GREED People!
Yes stop taking MY money! Greedy people need to leave me alone
Too often, low income people can't access life saving health care. Expanding access to healthcare is a must! #Medicare4All!
As a teacher I believe that if you want to raise test scores, then raise the minimum wage and provide preschool. Poverty is the cause.
Poverty=lackofeducation=welfare=don'tcare=noworkethics=don'ttakecareofyrkids=lackofeducation=poverty=DEMOCRATS
As someone who worked with children along the Texas/Mexico border, I strongly agree with more preK options and opportunities
Novel idea, if you can't afford to raise children don't conceive them.  Govt should not be responsible for raising your kids. Be responsible
Hell yes!
Are you saying low-income people cannot prepare their children for school? Not true. The further away from socialist teachers the better.
Everything's a MUST, isn't it?
#headstart
Hypocrisy of Left.Concerned abt pre K but for 50+ yrs have left kids locked in failed schools w/o choice for 1 reason- Dems want Union $
YOU decide the WE should pay? THEY should STOP screwing and making babies THEY cannot afford!
Like the Duggars!
Who's going to pay for this? Not the "low income" people. More free candy for the entitled. Payed for by the sweat of the working class.
It's the parents job to prepare the kids for school not tax dollars. Next we will have Pre-Pre- school
I know preschool made all the difference for my children and every child deserves this opportunity regardless of income.
To often low income families have more kids then what they can afford. Tips of the day #condom
Unfortunately if you have stupid parents you will have stupid kids preschool started in 1965 should be called Substitute Parent
If children aren't ready for Kindergarten, it's the parents fault. I shouldn't be forced to pay for someone else's babysitter.
The obligation to provide for your own children isn't mine. You do not have the ability to require I am obligated to fund your choices.
why not? Are parents incapable of checking a book out of the library and reading to them?
Pass comprehensive immigration reform! Don't waste 6 months passing a piecemeal DACA!
There is no substitution for parent involvement in child development.
yet another reason why I'd like to see a female potus before I leave this earth-
( a progressive woman, not Ann Coulter)
Are parents responsible for anything in your eyes? My goodness do u even believe in parenting and God's definition of family? Or just gov't?
Pretty sure nobody is denied access to preschool. Maybe a new liberal term..... preschool suppression.
in my state kids from real poor families already do get the help and those who r not rich but are hard working can't afford for kids to go
That's me. My kids daycare and pre-k cost double my mortgage and i have student debt a me and wife. We make too much but barely survive.
So not fair
My state now has "free" college tutition for fams making a certain amt. us who have college debt, child care, mortgages, etc. get screwed
Those of us who worked hard and tried to do the right thing get screwed at every step by liberals. I refuse to be submissive to the state.
What does any of that nonsense mean.  Refuse to be submissive to the state???  You forgot to say MAGA, you might lose your party card.
I've seen the difference personally in children that have attended preschool and the difference in kids that haven't in my own family
So, why did we end Head Start? I've been in the field of educ for over 30 yrs-early childhood educ should already be a reality for all.
I am a Head Start teacher, fully funded program. #goingstrong
I know Head Start still exists. It is rarely mentioned & underfunded. It should be on tips of tongues of ppl touting value of pre-schools.
My Children Didn't Go To Pre-School And They Were Ready For Kindergarten ..This Statement Makes Absolutely No Since !!
And yours is tone def and uniformed.
As usual, your solution is "Gov'mnt" no thought whatsoever as to who will pay. Californians are already taxed to fucking death! Back off!
Democrats just want to get your kids earlier to start the indoctrination.
Sure... Storytime, learning the alphabet, learning your numbers, etc describes that perfectly. Sike 
how about parent care?  seems in certain areas, head start, etc allow parents to spend the day drinking, sleeping, etc. happens where I live
You have to have a job to be eligible for head start. Idiot.
it's tough work drinking all day.
HEADSTART is a GREAT Program that placed low income children in a PRESCHOOL, Kids were Prepared for Kindergarten.AMAZING Program
I'm a Head Start teacher!  #lovemyjob
Maybe mommy  and daddy should  teach their children  how to read write
You nutty old woman!  Had pre-school in CA forever!! Feed them too. Govt from cradle to the grave is Dem/Socialist way! 
Raise minimal wage to a deceit amt like 12-15 dollars an hour. First to help bring everyone up. This is unconsciable. No single parent.
Can live on 11-15,000.00 a year. Let's start working on that. More money in your pocket the more you'll spend. More products we'll need.
Yes and #HealthCareForAll #MedicareForAll
No. It is not your responsibility. We R not a socialist nation.
Educate yourself on Socialist! You obviously have no clue...
Anyone living in CA know about socialism.
They are not ready for Kindergarten because of the lack of money, but rather the lack of family (mother, father) participation in their kids
Bull.... All of us were ready for Kindergarten. Our parents were teaching us the basics before we attended preschool.
Did you read my tweet?
Oui Daniel. Many of the  have both parents participating in their lives. I see the mother and father picking them up from school.
Preschool is a great program. It helps to prepare the 3 & 4 yr olds for Kindergarten. It helps the child make an easier transition into sch
Ya'll just pushing your Agenda 21, It-takes-a-village, Common Core, "these are not your kids, they're our kids" socialist agenda. #BeQuiet
"It Takes a Villiage to Raise a Child" is an old African proverb.
#Hillary stole it.
Of course.
When ole' Cigar Bill sat at the helm, #Hillary launched a feeble campaign based on "It takes a village". Of course, she couldn't deliver.
How long B4 U push 4 pre-pre-school? Parents taught me 2 read, write,count B4 1st grade. NO Kindergarten! No pre-school. More gvt intrusion!
Why don't you pay for it Diane?Where will the money come from as you retire on your millions! Will you pay my healthcare? Want to switch?
OMG #PayForChildCareYourself! People must work & pay not expect tax $$ to pay for their ride!
How can we get rid of @BetsyDeVosED Senator? She is a cancer growth on education.
Preschools aren't the problem. Intact families are the problem. You're never gonna solve this with more government.
When all you have is someone else's wallet, every problem can be solved with money.
Access?  You mean FREE, don't you?
How about some parent care?
Didn't we spend about a trillion dollars on head start with no effect except lining the coffers of Dem slush funds, I  mean unions
.
Got a money tree somewhere we don't know about? You people are great at spending other people's money.
The benefits of an educated population more than make up for costs. Less crime, less prison costs, more creativity, more commerce
I agree if done properly. Give me one example of something that the government has been successful at managing. Not education.
There is nothing the government does right.
Yes!!!!
Wow

childcare4all

healthcare4all

college4all

who is paying for this??

.
not feinstein!
you gonna pay for it sweetie?
Exactly!
If kids can't read, that mama fault.  If no lights on so they can see to read, that daddy fault.  -Chris Rock
I have an idea: In order for religious institutions to maintain their tax exempt status, they must provide free daycare. It's a win win. 
Are you saying low income parents are so ignorant they can't teach their children the alphabet,how to read,&basic math prior to kindergarten
More free candy...just get in the car.
Yes, #ChildCare4All can ensure more leftist indoctrination at an even earlier age. Commies are not even hiding any more.
Lest our kids be indoctrinated,lets keep them away from school.Good
What constitutes low income among 4-year-olds? Under 10,000 Pop Tarts a year?
You imply that children/ low income parents are ignorant, slow. How dare you. You are a bigot and a hypocrite. "Nobody likes you."
Why stop at childcare?  Why not mandate a 2 story house, two cars, and restaurant subscriptions to all?
Appealing to your base again. Work hard & pay your child care!!!
Hell no. Are you asking for system abuse?
#facts!  Times have changed.  My son is doing work now in #kindergarten that I did in 1st and 2nd grade back in my day.
Yes! It's also difficult to pay most of paycheck to child care. Make #Childcare4all affordable for all.
Or pay less taxes and spend YOUR hard earned money
Why don't you just strangle workers & get it over with? All DEMs want is "social" programs We'll be dead w/no worries, but our kids won't!
#HealthCareForAll & #ChildCare4all Hmmmm What's next?  #LiveLikeBillGates4All?
dumb people have more kids than they can afford, this results in more dumb people who repeat the process, we call them democrats, your base
You don't mean access for everyone you mean giveaway to your victims everybody has access to kindergarten it's just not free
to help disadvantaged kids-get their parents off drugs into drug free housing and stop illegal immigration/refugees.  Americans first!
Good Thursday, @SenFeinstein of CALIFORNIA,  Surely you've watched the recent @MLB Series, @Dodgers LA vs @SFGiants if not ; I have forYOU
Are you kidding me?   I worked 27 years in social services and the need for more preschools is not an issue.
I may have misstated that it all comes from the general fund. General fund is not the only source of funding for education.
Nutrients of early knowledge is just as critical as Nutrition is important for physical and mental health. For All kids
Where are you in supporting single-payer?
Hey @SenFeinstein, as a CA constituent, I'm curious when you're going to join @KamalaHarris and back #Medicare4All? It's the right thing.
It's a joke.
Were you nodding of when they started Head Start?  Stop, just stop.  Retire.
Or perhaps we could let kindergarten be pressure-free, test-free, and return to the days when it was a year of naps, cookies and growth.
Test free yes,  knowledge by play is best.
Absolutely! Kindergarten should be year spent developing curiosity and social skills. Both are on trajectory to be the skills of future.
I second. Standardized tests in K, come on.
They will NEVER be ready for perversion and pedophile grooming in a socialist preschool. Leave the kids alone.  School comes soon enough.
Maybe big government should just raise children #VillageIdiot  #ThursdayThoughts
let's see the results here in NYC over the next 5 years first
Parental costs, including educational ones, should be 100% tax deductible.  There is just as much a govt, interest in families as business.
Free everything. What about the debt ceiling.that you culpable for?
Mainly for illegals.  They're more important than Americans.
All people deserve healthcare not just children. #MedicareForAll
You have a very apt username.
Everyone has "access" to pre-school. You just want to make it "free". A.K.A, I pay for it.
Isn't it amazing how all of these rich politicians always want to pass bills for us to pay for!
how about #Medicare4All
