Look at the amazing country Americans have created.  Don't give it to people that sneak into our country for entitlements
Thanks for illegal aliens taking our jobs, lowering wages to 1970's wages, spending trillions of dollars and breaking our LAWS.
You mean the disproportionately high jail population, welfare, free healthcare and free housing recipients? No thanks.
Oh yeah? Name a few they take,we give,no contribution there!
Hey Neville Chamberlain 
What's your brilliant idea?
Wait till Kim Jong Un Nukes Los Angeles 1st? 
there you go again giving more to illegals then the legal citizens who are the voters.Democrats party of corruption and illegal wire taps
She is counting on THEIR VOTE.
How about helping out our citizens in PUERTO RICO who will be slammed again by a major hurricane? What is Washington doing to help!
We're too busy giving our money to ILLEGALS.
let's celebrate by setting a new total deportation record for illegal espanics! Savings on free stuff, billions!
Trillions
They've contributed CRIME on a level never otherwise seen in our country.  Deport the CRIMINALS, let them work from Mexico to be legal!
Don't forget ... Thank you for your votes!
Way to continue to balkanize America with garbage like this.
No DACA before wall is built.
I love our POTUS more today then EVER!
I believe those individuals who are 18 yrs and over to become citizens of our nation or have dual citizenship.
Sure you would,your a Mexican. President Trump promised to DEPORT ALL ILLEGAL ALIENS THAT INCLUDES DACA.  All OUR JOBS  were ok before.
No thanks!
U said no pathway forward for iran,where the HELL HAVE U BEEN,positive plans 4 N.Korea?He's getting ready 2 innhilate us as we speak!!!
There are countless contributors to our nation from all nationalities.  Why treat one so special?
Could you name a few just for the record?
I bet Pelosi will be happy to join you!
700,000 white people would drown every year if Latino roofing contractors didn't keep them out of the rain.
They took construction jobs for 1970's wages and put blacks & whites out of work and you don't want to buy a house illegals built
And our housing, vacations, fast food, resturants, your garden...
Not contributions if they get payed for such
Such as providing our vegetables and fruit and coffee!!
We get the fruits and veggies from Mex,but it's crap!!!
Yes .....if they r here legally.
When is Anglo-European Month. That's the culture that formed the founders and the United States of America. HHM but slime Columbus?
Pandering to your base  sucking the well dry more like it  but if you insist
Nancy sold out the dreamers! Liar! Liar! Pants on fire!
55% who are Catholic, need not attend.
Your going to get @NancyPelosi 'ed
I , like many,voted for Trump and he will be good to all. Just give him a chance to show it!
NO to DACA Amnesty. DACA & all ILLEGALS must be deported and apply to come to the US legally. U should be ashamed f/NOT focusing on citizens
Don't forget greetings to the Chain Migration & Anchor Babies who suck up the system at the expense of Law abiding citizens, Senator.
Mexico is a Fail State.Sadly, Hispanics with the aid of Democrats are tranplanting their society in the U.S. to resemble it as such, Senator
Don't forget greeting for those Hispanics who don't obey the law and flood our neighborhoods with Drugs & Violence too, Senator.
For #HispanicHeritageMonth, join me in honoring the countless contributions to our nation by the LEGAL Latino community.
You too,name a few
Don't forget greetings for Juan F. López Sánchez who was deported 5 times and killed Kathryn Steinly in San Francisco, Senator.
Trump's speech at UN deserves respect;  Not your further hate-mongering.  If you only heard "threats," then you missed the entire speech!
FEINSTEIN : REFUSES TO SUPPORT DEMOCRATIC PROCESS & RULE : OBSTRUCTIONIST : UNAMERICAN : EXTRICATE THE SWAMPSTER
Don't forget greetings for some Hispanics depending on WELFARE freebies in various States of the Union to live like kings/queens in Mexico.
Hypocritical greetings when Democrat Janes K. Polk went on War towards Mexico to enslave the whole nation under false prestentions.
Don't forget we have to paid for their Drug addictions and $$ support their countless children out of wedlock too, Senator.
Senator, please implore the hold outs in the Senate to vote no on Graham/Cassidy. This is not the answer and would be a disaster for us.
FEINSTEIN : UNAMERICAN
Do the same for Jews Irish pollocks Finnish and everyone else.  Why do you pick only one. We legally immigrate. But these do not.  Stop it
Yes, congratulate them on their behavior at the Nancy Pelosi press conference & DACA rally.   ICE should be attending Democrat town halls.
Your DACA kids are angry, Dianne. They don't believe the Dems anymore. You guys are in over your head with Trump and we see it. Got a plan?
Tweet that Trump
Tear up #GrahamCasiddy and throw it in the garbage.

Careful, you may run into a few Catholics in the Latino community.
Feinstein mad at @POTUS for RT a meme HRC getting hit w/ a golfball!
She's OK w/ attacking a judge for being Catholic
