USA NEEDS UNIVERSAL HEALTHCARE! Nothing less. Congress needs to null & void generous benefits they GAVE THEMSELVES!
You are in the minority. YOU come to the table.
Wow I haven't seen any dems at the table,we only see dems on tv being obstructionists. Where exactly have yo been?#maga
Republicans have been at the table, Dems can't see that while they are throwing tantrums!
Yes yes yes yes yes!

@potus 's solution - at lunch today invite only @GOP & bully them into passing deadly healthcare bill.  America will suffer but @potus wins.
 Insurance Lobby et alia are subservient to the  People.
U.S. Constitution provides for #SinglePayer Act.
(See Trump meme infra.)
Fight for single payer. We r watching.
Single payer means we'll never get the government out. Just wait till they start mandating things and deciding who lives and dies.
The ACA doesn't make the poor and disabled suffer enough, they are not interested
Why not have a website with a survey regarding the problems we're having with ACA?  I can't even afford health tests to be done!
Tory reform needs to be part of the bill!
BS. You've been doing nothing but "Resisting" and obstructing. Try again #DoYourJob
Dems only want to work with GOP because entire Obama Legacy is in jeopardy of being erased. ACA increased costs, added millions to Medicaid

Sure you have....
Did you lose your way to the table? You've been invited since Jan 20th. Quit obstructing. Drain the swamp!

Bull.
What a poser, since ACA+droning+neglect of Mueller/Bush sedition generates considerable conspiracy to obstruct justice via gridlock gaming.
Yeah, I agree but more moderate DEM'S need to sign on with you, to get er done
That's one of my Party Leaders, Senator Diane Feinstein! #ImWithHer
Not very informed are you
Dear #Dianne managed to relocate interview w U & Ms Bash.Thanx for pleading w Rs to join in on #healthcare reform.#National Parks #ESL 
Bipartisanship to heal this chasm #nomorebullies
The ACA is the worst and can't be fixed. Government needs to step away from healthcare and let the free market do its job.
It's past time u & the democrats get 2work on the lousy lying healthcare bill obama invented u ppl r taking taxpayer$ get on board r get out

REPEAL OBAMACARE 1st! NO SINGLE PAYER, SOCIALIZED MEDICINE, GOVERNMENT RUN HEALTH CARE PROGRAM, PRIVATIZE
Why didn't you read the ACA before you passed it? Would have saved a lot of trouble. And, if you think Medicaid is great look at California.

if only that was true, both sides are only worried about their parties and forget you work for us, we the people not parties, work for us
Why ur way or the highway?  One would think ir not interested in working for ur constituents, but only interested in resisting
Now See there U go U just blue what smidgen of hope I had 4 U Back to the lying it seems @SenFeinstein 
It's past time for you to listen to your constituents and demand universal healthcare.
What happened 7 yeas ago...the Go it alone Dems screwed the whole thing up!
Blah Blah Blah
Time for universal single payer so everyone has care. Not paying insurance companies to drive up copays premiums. Pay direct to providers.
Yes, all the Democrats wanted was to work together. #bs
Maybe they could start by implementing what's already law and get red state exchanges out of trouble!
This is not saving granny.
Like the way you dems. cooperated to pass Obamacare?? What a hypocrite you are!
Thank you! It is way past time!
But Hillary....joke...Good luck!
You'd rather run to Republicans for cover than fight with @SenSanders for #Medicare4All - *you* should be ashamed, but I'm ashamed for you.
Bernie wants to make healthcare a right effectively making healthcare workers into slaves. Sorry, but you don't have a right to others labor
Give em a seat but don't expect any good ideas.
Yes Senator Feinstein. So plz get behind #SinglePayer
Single payer now period full stop.
Your doing a great job, our taxes are now higher your citizens are becoming disarmed and relief is now coming to our criminal society! 
Glad to hear @SenFeinstein and @SenatorCollins saying the same thing. Hope your colleagues will follow your example.
It’s past time Republicans come to the table to work with Democrats on health care. We’ve been ready to work to improve Affordable Care Act!
Nah it's more fun to watch it crash and burn. We can afford to weather the storm. Remember, we're privileged and evil.
Dems need to show they hear us. DO something. Propose something. contain drug costs.  We can all agree.
Thank you for fighting for us, Senator. I wish @senrobportman would do the samefor his constituents/Americans
One's improvement is another's tax increase.
I called @RoyBlunt today to ask him to do this.
Introduce a Democratic bill. Offense!
They don't want ANY type of national healthcare. They just do NOT want any form of it.
GOP players are ignorant&may allow ObamaCare to implode just to seek revenge for tbis loss.Rise above,put forth HealthCare plans This Week.
Well it's past time 2 repeal ACA - lost 128 billion Hospital fund 2008, thru 2014. Medicare/Medicad out of $$$ http://www.investors.com/politics/commentary/medicare-and-medicaid-are-both-in-a-sickly-state-at-50/ …
Not affordable.... new name should be American Care Act
U mean stabilize ins markets that #ObamaCare destabilized. Can't wait to see new "reform" u come up with.
Instead of congress and the senate voting how about the new bills now put in elections for all to vote on . Like they do for state tax levy
the President wants to kill the ACA. Trumps only agenda is to erase Obama's legacy.
Yes no more back room meetings that is only one sided
Simplify your talking points so even cult 45 folks can understand why repeal & repeal/replace is bad for their health. Remember simple terms
Then move on to forcing pharma to renegotiate ALL govt contracts incld MCARE. Require states to set up exchanges like Cal. Set the agenda!
Set the table and those with integrity will come....start with ACA fixes including better reimbursement for MCAID so providers will accept
Public option, like buy-in to Medicare. Negotiate drug prices. Public option provides real competition to insurance carriers. Lowers premium

Just make sure you & Rs IMPROVE the ACA, not defund or cut or any of the other crap Rs want to do to damage the ACA.
That means you too, Feinstein.  COMPROMISE.
Time for you to be held responsible for Obamacare, time for you to #resignandreplace
Everyone in Congress should resign. #donothing
Please
It's your ACA, your Obamacare, you are not holding the cards.
@POTUS Feinstein thinks she has your back up against the wall.

Let it fail
What part of "Republicans never work with anyone" don't you understand?
how do you improve shite?
Mrs. Feinstein. What we desperately need is the expansion of Medicare and Medicaid. Please. It is the only way.
Diane you should all be ashamed of yourselfs working on your own behalf doing nothing for Americans .  I wish you could all be fired .
Stop being a sell out and support single payer.
And I know @clairecmc Is ready to work together w/GOP to bring something to the American people that will Work for them and bankroll Ins Co
Not bankroll insurance companies is what I wanted to emphasize. My Bad
Best of luck, sincerely
You know this will damage #notmypresident ego. He will do anything to blame someone else.
Obama Admin and his media have lied to you for the past 8 years. If they hadnt it wouldn't have been a surprise that Trump won.
Hope GOP stays out of it what is the prob not affordable? No ins companys left? What? It was good enough for 7 years what happened it sucked
b.s. obstructionists
Let those that want O'care stay on O'care. Let those who want Gov single payer, have single payer. but let me have ins I buy on open mkt.
You didn't work with republicans when it came to shitty Obamacare?
Then just DO IT yourself. You only need to bring 3 GOP Senators with open minds to the table, surely there must be 3 out of 52.
Just like you were when you passed it!
Only elected officials from California entertain the ideas of painting turds.
He's not going to own it then he ought to resign? This is a national problem. It's in his job description.
why haven't the Dems been working this before now? Politics?
Like hell you have!
Repeal
You've been invited to work with Republicans you refused and now you're saying GOP should come work with you, for your fail project

NO !!!!
Deede, That was true before ACA passed without a single vote! Why do you lie?
The contributing Americans don't want any more time spent on a poorly-written health care bill contributing Americans want it replaced
Stop all the waiting and blaming! Help Americans despite all the rhetoric! Work together to fix healthcare.
You do not need republicans to come to the table! Set a table of people that want to "Get it done!" Do not wait, make a difference today!
Does that mean replace the ACA with VA style "single payer," or something worse?
We know. It's about time the GOP does work with you to begin to fix the problems in ACA. There is no other acceptable solution now.
so then why don't you offer ideas and not focus on keeping same in place that is dying on the vine?? Stop pontificating and do
Affordable?affordable for who?
maybe its affordable for minorities and single mothers,but not the vast majority of americans
Never happen. It's sad, but @GOP are too selfish and partisan to ever work across the aisle. They want something to take credit for.
I'll bet your eyes are 'brown'!
We don't want ACA, we want Medicare for all single payer.
It certainly doesn't seem like it Dianne, we have lost trust in all of you in DC.
SCOTUS says:
"Constituent. Services"is ok
It's not 
Unaffordable care Act. The Democrats and Osama have forever destroyed our healthcare
You're kidding right? 

Here's how it will go:

Dems work with Rs, buckle to them and lose in 2018/2020
Chuckle said u guys want to obstruct everything, make up your mind
Feinstine is such a liar
They're going to let it fail and hurt Americans first. Then try to place the blame on Obamacare for failing.
So whose fault is it? The Republicans for passing Obamacare?
Lets just not let the brats spoil our health safety net, ok?
What we've all been saying—all along. Do you think Mitch is ready to listen?
That's strange - you and Chucky have been fighting the Republicans for the last 8 + years. Why do you lie?
#Impeach45
Repeal Obamacare then have at it.
They don't want to.fix it.just want to undo Obama's legacy and fuck over poor people if I can be blunt
They are all Corrupt! Stop being so passive -
Healthcare for all.   http://www.freedomrider76.com 
Time to propose a fix which includes a public option, Senator. Voters are ready for it. This is a big opportunity and we need to take it.
Laughing hysterically
The Republicans should be ready to come to the table to work on any issue(s) that face Americans. We all live in this great nation.
I would hope that congress would start working for all Americans not just the ones in their party.
#Singlepayer
What's your understanding of single payer?
#savetheACA
It's time they come BACK to the table to finish the work already started. It's the right thing to do. @SenMajLdr
You could start by removing all the gun control crap that is in it . It has nothing to do with healthcare. Senator I've read the entire ACA.
Since when are Democrats not included that is my question you cannot go behind closed doors Reps @SenateGOP  it's unconstitutional
Boy you sure worked with them on Obamacare. No wonder they don't want your help.
SENATOR WORKING TOGETHER IS THE BEST REMEDY !EITHER IMPROVE THE ACA ;OR UNITED !DRAFT A COMPREHENSIVE GREAT BILL !ONE OF THE TWO!
You Democrats ruined health insurance.
Health ins. was ruined by the greedy CEOs ripping off people. ACA is forcing them to cough up the money for healthcare, not for paychecks.
They aren't coughing up the money, the people who pay for this are those that pay for insurance at ridiculous rates. 2000+ per month.
Uet report out 28 M Americans uninsured
You are still not on the #SinglePayer camp 
What's your understanding of single payer?
