Now transgender require vast amount of counseling, also hormone replacement ,susceptible to dvt,stroke,cardiovascular,anxiety & depression .
True, but mental disorders are a disqualifier. Gender Dysphoria is a mental disorder, therefore not fit to serve.
Sen feinstein...would you and all our elected officials do something about the lunatic in the WH? Don't just talk DO SOMETHING!
the "do something" is convincing the Repubs.to impeach! it's in the Republicans hands! keep a dishonest pres. or defend the Constitution!
Why would republicans do that? After they get rid of Trump, Dems will be coming after Reps next.
The one who is #unfit to #serve #America is #trump.
Another fine libatard,
I still say feindstine is walking dead!!!
Bullshit ya serve?? If you did you might ha've a clue
Not everyone who wants to serve can, puts themselves and fellow soldiers at risk
Not when it exploits the very foundation of service.
Let's reinstate the draft
We, taxpayers, do not want the tax bill for paying for their surgeries to go from one sex to the next. Nor should we deal with their problem

Disagree , Rand states transgender cost 14 times more to care for a transgender than a regular soldier
I can't serve? Age Limit? We need @realDonaldTrump to set TERM limits to stop years of corruption in government! We The People!
That includes to be mentally fit. Transgender falls under mental health disorder.
Yeah in pink high heels
Did you
No you are wrong. Most have emotional issues that can get in the way of protecting our military. We are wasting money on surgery.
Are you mentally fit if you don't know if your a boy or girl ?
ESPECIALLY homosexuals, who want to fight Muslims, now that queer is the subsidized demographic for partisans, like YOU.
Coincidence, not only did transgender Manning commit espionage, Pres O commuted his sentence.  Don't exaggerate the pardon of Sheriff Joe!
Sample transgender Chelsea Manning, Convicted of espionage.  Day after sentencing, demanded: hormone therapy.  Sued DOD 4 make up & lingerie
Gender Dysphoria, the need for psychotherapy, hormones & elective surgery, does not sound fit to serve?  Do U not care about our country?
TRANS SEXUAL PEOPLE ARE NOT FIT THEY ARE SEVERELY MENTALLY CONFUSED. REMEMBER GOD WILL ALWAYS ADDRESS YOU AS A MAN OR WOMAN
Tweets are cheap.

End the wars. No draft.
But yet. You decided we should be patient with this fool
Fit means medically fit too.
Multiple conditions will disqualify from military service.
You're not fit if you're non-deployable.
Chelsea Manning, good example of transgenders in military.  Suffered from Gender Dysphoria (distress).  Committed espionage, Pardoned by O?
I've seen many join clean n sober and come back alcoholic and drug dependant. Different issue

I'M A $30,000 PAST DONER;  CONSTITUENT; & OUTRAGED THAT YOUR NOT SPEAKING OUT ABOUT ANTIFA OR RESPONDING TO EMAIL 

https://twitter.com/AtomasVictory/status/878641995681378306 …
Transgender Chelsea Manning, convicted of espionage.  Day after sentencing, demanded hormone therapy from Gov, sued Dept of Defense 4 makeup
The way this country is headed...Trump will need #TransPersons. He's pushing us the war and conflict. Everyone is valuable.
I tried to sign up for each branch--they don't allow bipolar people to become nurses or doctors.  #DiscriminationSucks
I am in the healthcare field and bipolar.
Deanna, are you current or former military?
No, sir. A civilian...your struggle and frustration is shared. A few coworkers know about my diagnosis. I do know there are some who serve.
I must say that tho I still suffer some symptoms from the dis-ease, I have found 1st Fluphenazine & now Abilify Maintena injections do work!
Before injection, I was unable to attend school & had series of semesters in college w/ nothing but W's.  Now applying to nursing school! :)
Perfect!! It's a struggle but have faith in yourself. You will and can cope with the illness. "What doesn't kill you make you stronger."
Trans are not mentally fit. ( gender disphoria)
There U go, key word "fit". R they fit? How about complications? Can a diabetic then serve? How about someone w/Allergic manifestations?
Senator, I believe you forgot mentally fit.
Fit and able not transitioning.
Dissagree
You want to take guns away from veterans that have PTSD but want mentally challenged "trans" to have weapons?  You're too funny. #pathetic
Unlike Donald who was missing in action when it came time to serve his country.
If you don't know what gender you are you are unfit
YES.. THEY SHOULD ALL BE ALLOWED TO SERVE....  but not ask the army to pay for their transformation surgery...  SIMPLE.
They must be mentally fit,not delusional.
Ted Cruz used accuse #Obama as "lawless". Wondering what he calls this move by Trump?
Crickets, nope not commenting.
They should be but the draft dodging President Donald "Bone Spurs" Trump feels different; most divisive & disgraceful President in history.
Yes!
What is Congress doing to get this @POTUS out? Tweeting things we already know doesn't do a thing! Please #25thAmendmentNow #ImpeachNow
Obstructionist !
My friend has temporary guardianship of the 4-year-old despite her on going personal battle with brst cancer. #sacrifice by all. #transban
My friend since Elementary has one daughter. She has a Masters, and is a single Mom. She's currently in San Antonio Lackland AF.
Not when they are using it as a way to get their hormone injections and reassignment surgeries done at the cost of the tax payers.
Absolutely!!
I hope Joint Chiefs send Trump & Pence the single digit salute they deserve for attacking American service members. #ImpeachTrump
Too bad this segment of society is only useful for your political talking points. Leave the military to military men.
Transgenders aren't fit?
People with mental illness are not "fit" to serve in the military.
Only Former & Retired Enlisted Military are fit to serve in the U. S Congress.
Does this not discriminate against a protected status? Impeachment is a must!
What is happening to protect our country from this insane prez? Action please!
Trans people are not fit. That's the point.
Except the ones that are a burden on the military system.
Let them chop off their shit @ take care of the trans stuff then join the service. I do not want to be on the hook for their med bill
Here is an idea Di, instead of attacking the President find a way to solve the problems transgenders cause in the military. It can be done.
Having served over 20 years in the military I think i have a bit more insight than most. Serving thia great nation is an honor,
But it also comes with sacrifice. You sacrifice your rights and freedom. So that individuals can tell you that you have no rights and
Freedoms. Serving in the military is a privilege not a right. That military is not a social experiment. It should not conform to civilian
Congress needs to protect these Americans.
Sent Feinstein, you are a good example of the kind of people that should not serve in office. You are a poster child of incompetente
well he, who want to change there sex in the military is not fit, physically nor mentally, and at a disadvantage in muslim countries
@suejohnston56 That means Trump should enlist in the Navy and sink to the bottom of the Pacific
So then Congress should pass a law to allow them to serve.
Thank you @SenFeinstein. You are our last hope in these terrifying times. When will the GOP stand with you and stand up for liberty?

After the gender change surgery though.
The problem lies in the designation of trans. In the army you have troops, no one should seek out to be different.
The arbitrary announcement by Trump 2 eliminate transgenders from military service only proves him to be the worst form of bigot & racist.
So people with a mental illness should be issued a weapon? No thanks.
Need to be combat ready not sitting on the sideline for 4 years you twit
IMPEACH lawless @realDonaldTrumpNow 
@TheDemocrats @GOP @HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems @SenateGOP @SpeakerRyan @SenMajLdr
Yes, but people with mental or physical disabilities are not fit even if they are willing. That's why they have an age limit also.
Thank you Senator you're exactly right and a draft dodging so-called president is beneath the people hes trying to put down his IQ has quit!
To deny any group of people the right/opportunity to serve is not about ability, but only one more way to label them less than
You have no idea what you are talking about and should stop. In no way are you helping the people.
Trans people aren't fit. They have a 45% suicide rate.
Love my smart  @SenFeinstein
Including Trump's son, son-in-law & nephews.
Yes! How about universal military training as in Israel! Good for maturity before ANYONE going to college! Give something back!
Shouldn't that go for the @POTUS too?

He is the ultimate in #UNFIT.

He is not a man for the job. Trump proves genitals don't make a man.
agree im not doing it and thank you so much for your service
I agree! That's more than you know who,it took him 71 years to finally serve his country! I think it runs in his family! #ProtectTransTroops
Do you remember how long Obama was in the military
Too bad you didn't serve, even now as a congresswomen
He's gone. Make it happen. This is destabilizing our military. Get him out!!!!
I agree, but the #liberal side won't do what is right for our country
Thank you Senator, but the damage is done. If you want to help, influence your constituents to impeach this blight on our great Country.
I am 62 can I join
Gender dysphoria, medically a mental health issue-mental health issues are disqualifiers for military service #facts
Dianne you sign up and. Go
Fit doesn't mean hormone therapy! My uncle was flat footed and not allowed to serve! What's wrong with that!!!
.
What about mentally well?
Instead of worrying about 5 ppl at most and statues, why doesnt your party start showing they care abt Americans?
You are wrong.  We can't have people joining military so they can get a sex change.
Besides,  how many emotionally uncertain trannies do you want leading you into a war zone? The last trannie sold our secrets to get out.
Absolutely. We have a volunteer military & shld appreciate all of those willing to serve.
Amen! Baruch Hasehm
1st define "Fit" for service . These people incur extraordinary medical cost that are not service related. We support the disqualification!


Since Gender Dysphoria is a mental issue and those suffering have about a 50 percent suicide rate even after surgery, they are not fit.

Agreed
So sign up and lead by example
Soldiers must not tolerate those who worry more about self and sex issues than duty.  All bets are off when bullets start flying.
A long standing military policy- an extended study was done in the military on transgenders which was dumped bc they're rarely at the ready.
If someone can be excluded for anxiety, how is gender dysphoria fine? You're all mental.
yea just as they were  born, after their service they can do whatever they want. simple!!
They are unfit due to mental health issues
You might want to familiarize yourself with military service disquaifiers-mental health...
Gender dysphoria is what 
Exactly! People with flat feet can't join but these people can join and sit on the sideline for 4 years? Bunch of bullshit
That would even the American way ..but these are unamerican times
You're a globalist divider
Yah, even 16 year-olds and reactivate the retired.
Church and state.  Now the state is allowing the church to interfer with rights of the people.  We condem ISIS, for this same principle.
This is not something our Military leaders asked for.  It was mostly Evangelical leaders.  This shows a lack of respect for separation of
Maybe in your perverted world but it doesnt belong in real Americans world.  How many transgenders do you employ or go to the bathroom with?
The military is the responsibility of the President .  So,  he, not Congress, decides qualifications. Military has always had restrictions.
That's mighty nice of you! Join up!
It's good that Feinsten has no problem with Trump working in the military as Commander-In-Chief.   He certainly is willing and seems fit.
The American Board of Psychiatry classifies Transgender as a mental illness.The military excludes on weight and height why not mental issues
 give em. A taste if their own medicine! I hear ya!
Sure, throw'em all in the same shower and barracks, not enough  stress on them now! Should help their PTSD?
Dr./patient/military should really look at it and decide when/how/where Transgenders can contribute. Military consists of many aspects

we expect that from our ignoble president he's a bigot! do another example? he just Pardoned that racist sheriff from arizona! Shameful!
What fence did you come over or under?
Censure--Impeachment--25th Amendment...time to get started
Please stop this monster.
Is "mentally fit" a parameter you are willing to uphold?
How is it legal for him to strip thousands of Americans of their careers & livelihood?
Define "Fit".
Transgender are not fit...they need extensive psychoanalysis 2 deal with messed up minds...how r they going 2 concentrate in the military.
Agreed.  I'd rather be next to an LGBT soldier than a person like T. Major draft Dodgers!
dodger that is.
Even if they require thousands of dollars of medications a month?
Who cares what you think?
Did you?
@SenFeinstein ~ Thank you for your amazing strength and leadership 
Yes but transgenders are not fit nor able without expensive surgery and medication. So that ends that!
Not on the Tax payers dime for surgery.
Unfortunately we have a racist and a homophobe in the white house
Not!
I agree...just don't pay for their surgeries!!!
This is a deep insult to the brave transgender people who risk their lives for our freedom! They deserve our deepest respect and gratitude!
One of the few things we can agree upon
#ProtectTransTroops 
#TrumpDossier 
#ImpeachTrumpNow
I am 65 years old and while I would definitely be considered unfit.. I am ready to serve my country when we take up arms to evict Trump.
Grow up! The man had 65 million people vote for him. You're not going to "evict" Trump!
Please remove all putin puppets now-too much devastation to our democracy- Clear and present Danger #TrumpResign
@SenFeinstein I am loosing my faith 
#ProtectTransTroops
Stage whispers to Diane [and we will fight and defeat this discriminatory act]
north Korea been launching missles for 30 years! this so called " emergency" of nuke war, is just a smokescreen issued by djt & his cronies!
Impeachment starts in the House.  Everyone in the USA: Tell your Rep to #ImpeachTrump, so that the Senate can remove him.
