This bill doesn't put Americans first!  I've researched healthcare all my life.  If you understand the facts, you would not be for this vote
Funny, sounds like you are talking about Obamacare.  Junk plans that are not needed.
.@lisamurkowski, @SenMcCain, @SenatorCollins, @SenCapito, @SenDeanHeller, @BillCassidy, @senrobportman 
History has its eyes on you.
we must protect citizens not http://wealthy.vote  no and get gop@to do same country above threats by potus is important.
Sounds like ObamaCare #fakenews
Reality is never the narrative of the alt-left.  Boogie, Boogie!
Not trying to be clever, just getting you comfortable with your future!
Full text of the Midnight Market Destruction Act:
Ok. Big updates. First: here's the text of the Midnight Market Destruction Act. (my title, not theirs.) https://www.budget.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/HealthCareFreedomAct.pdf … 1/
Older Americans vote.
If this bill passes I will have the 'freedom to choose' between my mortgage and health insurance. Not the freedom of choice I want.
And millions of Americans are already making that choice!  I'm sorry if that happens to you #FullRepeal
How do you see repeal improving the markets? Premiums? Deductibles? I have yet to see anyone defend the merits of this bill. Please help.
1/2 The founders of USA provided its citizens rights to ensure our freedoms were protected.  Health care is not a right! (A need ...
More lies.
Trump is PRESIDENT & Republicans control EVERYTHING! How's THAT tasting?
Please help us.I live in Tn,u know what that means,I called Cooker 8 times a asking him not to sgin the bill,please impeach .
Repeal ,no replace
Stop the scare tactics and lies
Trump calls it a better plan lol
The same people saying the new plan will increase premiums, said Obamacare would lower premiums. Why believe them again?
If my son who is Autistic looses Medicare his physicians will not longer see him. They require medicare for services. It's terrifying
Medicare?
I think the healthcare cat is out of the bag now. Universal care is the logical next step.
.@A lifetime of service as well as 5 years of torture as a POW, will disappear with McCain's vote to proceed with Senate Healthcare.
I'm older and I'd lose my healthcare altogether, when I need it most.
You can't be too old considerimg you get cedicare at age 65.

Where is there verification of this OH only this org!
.
Junk insurance is "freedom to die".
Fact: that's exactly what the ACA has already done!!!!!
Junk is having no choice in carriers and coverage. No competition means unaffordable ins that millions can't afford.U and Dems caused this.
Break time GRANNY
It's part of what trump calls makeing America great
ACA is a ripoff scam to take peoples tax return money and stand between me and my dr. FU!
Your website sucks!
Sounds like you are talking about "Obamacare".
Free for those companies to make money!
PLEASE continue to fight for the ACA!
I would encourage you to vote yes on the bill , I would consider it a 
"Constituent Service"
How would knowdo not live in real world
As a member of Congress, it is your duty to work for all American citizens. Cross lines to get a plan that works!
PK, give them the plan you have.
You and your party broke our wonderful system Shameful
@potus @senategop The president wants to hurt all Americans to get a bill through Congress. He represents himself not the people. #fixACA
Get real.  The President is for the people.  Obamacare fined 6,5 million people that couldn't afford it. How sick was that?
#SinglePayerNow #MedicareForAllNow
I know! We're not stupid. It's apparent to us that they're lying about their healthcare plan!
Please vote to protect all elderly, ill, and people who might become ill.
Can't afford deductibles under ACA;s junk plans
Fake news.... from the obstructionist Democrats ! "Do nothing" Democrats...all talk !
Thank you for doing the right thing!
Think how much money the insurance companies will make. And really, that's all that counts. Who cares how many die if the rich get richer.
At a time when they are on fixed incomes and when health care becomes vital.
Actually... that's a perfect example of freedom. Not getting that is equal parts astounding and expected.
Call your GOP senators! Flood them with phone calls.
Please please universal healthcare like the rest of the world
Feinstein that what you passed in 2009. Junk Obummer care and ruined my healthcare forever
Fact: ACA crippled the working poor.  Having to contemplate quitting your job to become a total ward of the government is not freedom!
Did you see Trump's address to the Boy Scouts? Do you SEE what's happening? We don't have as much time as you think.
Technically it's freedom to get sick and die... #BCRA DIES NOT #KeepKidsCovered
It's hard to wake up in the morning knowing my country  wants me dead & to take what I paid for future. It's so gruesome & hateful.
SENATOR THAT'S WHY WE MUST JOIN EFFORTS TO HAVE A BIPARTISAN PLAN THAT WE CAN ALL AGREE UPON!
Can we remove Trump and then fix the rest of our country?
Not even speculation. Fake news
Shucks, missed a proper battle order in 2008.  Health? @walnutcreekpd has responded to my online report re I.S.U.S. Sharia at @WellsFargo
Is that like how o-care was supposed to lower premiums? Why arent YOU on it? Just more democratic liberal socialist propoganda! #ACAfailure
Ma'am, as a man I don't need prenatal care.
Your all inclusive plans are the problem, don't you see that?
The freedom to not have health insurance is the craziest scheme gop has come up with lately!
You should have shut down the senate until Russia invest. We r tired of Me tech shoving through Judges, ACA repeal, cabinet destroying env
And definitely not Better Care.   Which is why we call it BCRAp.
This is what the Alternative Right does!
Senators should not sign or vote for anything they have not read it's your jobs on the line not the turtles. He us already fired.
Sad how repugnant repugs can hold America hostage over healthcare! I hope U R ready 4 your old job back, cause if this passes, repugs R done
We locate to serve the population successfully 249 of 269 of our doctors in ne, what constitutes healthcare and what is unnecessary abortive
Thank you Senator Feinstein.  I won't call you today since you are doing what this voter wants.
Vote no!!!!
You don't even realize or care that you are 100% describing O'care. Can't U hear our cries?
@jaredkushner Trump won thanks to Russia. You are not transparent. You're a coward.
GOP'S Final Solution Called trumpcare.
Federally controlled healthcare isn't freedom either.
This is only one person.  Vote NO on repeal and replace!
Thank you Sen. Feinstein!!
When are you going to understand the contributing Americans are not stupid and they don't need your help
Please keep after a NO VOTE Senator. Thank you for all you do for Americans!
You didn't see the plan?
This could be GOP Waterloo if passed & 32 or 23 million go without health care/Medicaid while super Wealthy get a tax break at our expense!!
Yes, we should steal more of THEIR money from them to subsidize US. America, home of the free stuff.
How is HC a right? Where is that in the Constitution again. Also, the top 1% pay over half of all taxes. #factsdontcareaboutyourfeelings
That was easy...

http://www.cnbc.com/2015/04/13/top-1-pay-nearly-half-of-federal-income-taxes.html …
You are though, by stripping away their ability consent and by trying to help them at gunpoint.
I don't even know what that means, and I'm still waiting for the USFG to win the war on poverty. How many billions does it take?
Higher premiums, higher deductibles, LESS coverage. NOT health care reform but a death-bill for tens of millions of Americans.
DUH. The one that the CBO scored. Do try and keep up.
The same CBO score that projected dumbass-care would save the ppl money but actually doubled monthly payments. DUH-Liberal.
they're giving me the freedom to die or go bankrupt, pay my bills or send my kids to college, eat or live indoors. .so much winning.
Please stop calling it a health bill it's a wealth/death bill
I liked my "junk plan" I had before. Was told I could keep it, then had it ripped from me & forced to buy Ocare which SUCKS!!
Ins. doesn't cover labs now they are totally scamming with that. Democrats are out to lunch.
How can you say that. You HAVE NOT SEEN any bill yet.
They are actively trying to make it fail by removing the mandate! But before it does they want to be sure it profits the rich!
Keep fighting!
Junk plans are profitable. And they're better than Obamacare. Anything is better than Obamacare. The GOP will win!
Clueless RWNJ.
Yeah, cuz the world revolves around your sorry @$$.
Higher premiums, less coverage. Truly irresponsible to let this POS go forward.

Junk plans that cover things you don't need are just as bad
