(2/2) Aid groups will be barred from even discussing reproductive health care with women who have nowhere else to turn. #GlobalGagRule
More proof @GOP hates free speech. Only amendment they care about is 2nd. Emoluments? Never heard of em.
I know that, had less than 140 characters to make point. Thanks for your help.
@Sunnysgrl62 it's misogyny & hate
"@JerryBrownGov allowing WC docs to assault female claimants and your not giving a damn @SenFeinstein is harmful.

@WhiteManCrush @cmadmax
Kate was a necessary sacrifice for the sake of diversity...
donate your own money to murder babies if you want to. We don't want to pay for it.
Better than the shameful policy of paying to murder babies
shameful for sure
Not our responsibility to pay for global abortions
WE NEED TO TAKE CARE OF OUR OWN COUNTRY FIRST! OUR TAX MONEY GOES TO US! MONEY SHOILD GO TO VETS & USA FIRST! #assbackwards
I challenge you 2 donate 10% of your family income to help them.

Ask all #WomensMarch to do the same.

Problem solved!
#GlobalGagRule this is anti-women, anti-public safety, inhumane! We need another #Womensmarch double size of Jan 21, 2017
you mean, stopping Islam from spreading, a  virulently anti-woman way of life?
this is about women's healthcare. What point are you trying to make?
I am talking about Sharia law, disavow it or you are a hypocrite. and 'women's health care' , that is code, right
the release is about gov't aide to health care organizations. I have no idea what "code" you are talking about.
no he is keeping money in our country you old biatch
use the 1 billion You're husband just made with your influence.
SHAME ON @realDonaldTrump - WE THE PEOPLE WILL NOT BE RAILROADED. KEEP UP THE FIGHT FOR JUSTICE!
What will be done to STOP Trump from demoralizing our country?I am truly frightened by his tone & actions!Please do something!
not true.
As shameful and as harmful as your Pompeo vote in favor of torture? YOU SHOULD BE RECALLED.
thank you for opposing this deplorable policy.
American taxpayers are not responsible for women worldwide.
More love and respect for you!
If u want to pay for abortions, write a check. MY tax $$$ are not gonna fund abortions in other countries! Spend ur own money!
We have enough problems in this country that we should be focusing on.  Term limits on the way #draintheswamp
You just VOTED FOR POMEO! Lies and lies! You're in on this Coup. Slave to lobbyists. Bye!! #fired
Pompeo = AntiChoice, Pro Gun, Owned an Oil Company. How out of touch are you Mrs Feinstein? Do you suppose we are ignorant?
wrong
sorry our taxpayer money won't pay for Mexicans in MEXICO to abort their babies. #winning
,Senator,  please step in and help women around the world.  He must be stopped.
RIGHT?!! Lies!!
look in the mirror, pretty shameful voting for your buddy today
forcing me to pay for abortions in OTHER COUNTRIES!!!  Shameful.
so you speak for pro- life women too???
you are such a fool. Wanting to pay for abortions in a foreign country is wholly foolish
Yes, you're right! Public funding for publicly available vaginas!  If you make your privates public, go all the way!  Yay DiFi
then be a missionary, move there and work for that... use your own money too!
this is pure insanity!
Cite the source...can you quote the specific law?  BE SPECIFIC
what can we do now? #action plan #women's march
abortion is shameful.
you should sign an executive order to have all men to stop jerking off. You know all those potential babies they're destroying
or they'll need to save it all and have a funeral for each load
I can see Mike Pence's despicable influence in this action.  His record is clear on abortion, restricting them whenever he can
Thank you for standing up for women's health and for their LIVES. So many depend on our RH/FP assistance.
@AlasscanIsBack Thank you for all you do, Senator.
the war on women has started
It is a horror.
We're not responsible for women worldwide.
.   It's amazing how those who would to force a women against her will, are the first to turn their backs on her!
abortion isn't women's health contraceptives are.  abortion is killing a life with a beating heart
What can we do to combat this on the ground?
what's shameful is you
No one is gonna shut us up.
Who are WE to decide the population of another country? Why should we be funding their abortions? Why, promoting such? ~  L
You ever thought that he cared about women? Who in the Senate GOP does? Appeal to them
Fight fight fight! and fight confirmation of Sessions and Devos!
Thank you, Senator.
quit crying, get over it.
Trump is the most anti women scum on the planet.
