A National hero if you ask me!
Maybe a California hero but not me in Tennessee.
@jimmykimmel has become a California based American hero for exposing the worst of the #GOP bill.
Resist:
Why is a night show host leading the way more strongly than the people we elected/hired to do the job?! Less tweeting, more action!
Is owned by HealthInsInd&BigPharm.
Vote her out&get someone who actually cares Re their constituents.
Wrong. He’s a national hero
if Obama care is so great why dont you use it? hmm?#ELITEISM
Are you daft? Congress uses ACA. And they are keeping themselves on it if this #GrahamCassidy monster passes. ACA good enough for Congress!
No they have a separate plan
Talk to your Senators, Nancy.
We are sorely in need of Heros
And more emphasis on spelling in public schools.
California alone? I think he's speaking for all of us in America.
Not me.
He's a hero to me and I'm in TX. Disgusted with Cruz
Maybe he should run for Senate in CA?
An American hero. He belongs to all of us ..
Not just a California hero, he's an American hero. And as the mom of a child with pre-existing condition, he's my hero. Thanks @jimmykimmel
You endorse someone who is clueless about healthcare... Typical liberal ideology.
No wonder UR ideas R so misguided. UR taking advice on national health from late night would B comic! He's not funny nor insurance expert!
Didn't know Jimmy had a degree in medicine or understanding a budget . Please shut up and retire ,remember the FAILED obamacare
We know that crying Chuckie was in cohoots bating him and telling him stuff. He hasn't actually seen or read it.
No leftist millionaire is a hero to me.
He surely has!
#VoteNOGrahamCassidy
This will help:
Where was he when obamacare was launched?
On Obamacare
Kimmel should run for President. Can we impeach Trump and vote Kimmel in at the same time?
Resist:
Where was he exposing the worst of ACA sorry I forgot " We have to pass it so you can see what's in it".
Not CA hero, Sen....a NATIONAL HERO.

Just watching the latest details on the news Senator and the way Trump and NK are going at it we may not have worry about healthcare.
TIRED of CELEBS thinking they have all the answers..JUST REPEAL this garbage and get Gov't the hell out of OUR HEALTHCARE..NO SOCIALIZED MED

You are the poster woman for term limits!!!#LiberalLies
Jimmy, you're America's hero!!
Correction: he has become a national hero.
He doesn't even know what's in the bill. So shut up. You just want single payer and it's not going to happen.
*Cheers!* ;)

Make that an #AmericanHero and I'll agree!
Make that national hero!!
He just as clueless and out of touch as you are!
Obviously Kimmel is a healthcare savant. Had no idea such a "hero" lived among us. Let's ask him how to solve the North Korea problem.
No he hasn't bully pulpit spitting out talking pints of the Left
Doesn't take much to be a hero in California
Really? I'm a Californian. He's not a hero. His kid got care at a charity hospital.
No way he has obamacare.
You're wrong he's an American HERO!
He's no more a healthcare expert than I am. He's no hero to me!
Maybe he should run for your seat...oh the only California hero I know of has avocado and cheese with mayo...12 incher
Your ACA is the worst...can't afford it and we don't qualify for your damn hand outs! We just pray none of us get sick!
Jimmy Kimmel is a hero to the country. #GrahamCassidy #CallYourSenators #healthcare worst bill yet.
"Hero" ??   He has the Democrat talking points down and giving free advertising..need to read the bill.
Who cares
Senator you're a joke
You need to be exposed
oh he's a real health care expert
Yeah Jimmy!  "A true California hero!", right Senator?
Seems to me he’s is just a Democrat bitch! Didn’t he used to chug beer And have a bunch of cheerleaders and chicks jumping on trampolines?
You spelled American wrong, senator.
OMG. Figures California has lost all sense.  
Not just California.
What does that say about the poverty of political talent on the left?
Ignorance must be bliss.
Senator Feinstein, can we nominate Jimmy Kimmel @jimmykimmel for the Order of California award?
And you have become one of the symbols of corruption, since when do talk show hosts become expose reporters?
Why can't the DEMS do it?
Is better prepared to address the issue and offer solutions for all Americans than you? What about he political donors influnce and ethics!
Introduce a bill to give all House/Senate members medicare and end the platinum health care you have. Watch how fast ACA gets fixed then.
Be careful, Di... he's one of those evil Catholics!
What you're saying is you don't trust California to do a good job. I don't either.
@jimmykimmel a Patriot as is @SenFeinstein - thank you both!
You can't get any worse than Obamakills.
#TeamKimmel
Thank you @jimmykimmel
No he's not
Not 4 us who R paying since Ocare:
MORE in premiums
MORE in deductibles
MORE in health costs
MORE time waiting 4 doc avail
but LESS services
Correction- @jimmykimmel has become an American Hero
He doesn't even know what's in it to complain, or agree...

Jimmy is just your everyday American..

That makes $10 million a year
(and can afford ObamaCare style insurance premiums) …
Think about it.  A late night TV Host is doing more to protect the American People than a major political party called the GOP!
Let me rephrase that...  A late night TV Host has taken to protect the American People FROM a major political party called the GOP!
Not just a #California hero. 

@jimmykimmel #Persists

Really....?? You want us to believe a ignorant Hollywood comedian over a doctor/Senator??? Please stop the lunacy....Dianne !!
Such a hero OMG
An American hero
Are you still cool with 28 million uninsured? Maybe get on board with #MedicareForAll and stop voting for $700B for endless war.
If you're upset about a 700 billion dollar war, you should be upset about the 32 trillion dollar cost of Medicare for all over ten years.
Seriously Jimmy Kimmel is not an authority on anything except comedy. Feinstein is relying on Jimmy to fight for her.
R you kidding me !
Didn't Bill Clinton do the same:
Is he waveing good by on his way to jail
Love him for speaking out against this horrifying plan!!!
He's an American hero
that @jimmykimmel has become a hero in the state of Gov. Moonbeam is a high honor indeed
You mean the most populous state in the country with the sixth largest economy in the world? Yeah, that's an honor.
Are you not a fan of Gov. Moonbeam?  You should be.  He is truly ethereal and perfect.
Agree completely!
Not just California
Grrrrr
Weird that my children could die because one of our elected representatives was paid millions to kill their health coverage for profit.
