Holding sessions accountable! #JeffSessions
Um. Der Frankenstien is no Linda Charter. Lol.
It's the mentality honey! 
Sessions = Contempt of Congress
Translation:
I lied, I lie, l repeat lies, I am a liar, lying is fun, I only know how to lie, my job is to lie to you. Oh, I lied. Jefferson
And yet we still have no answers.
He refused to comment on really important questions pertaining to Trump.  How is any of this ok?
AG Sessions didn't seem well prepared. Political debates, court witness preparation all require prep so one is prepared.
Where is his recusal form from the GCO? Legally he's supposed to fill that out so duties officially & legally transfer to some1 else.
After almost a year of investigations, there's no evidence of a crime. Stop wasting taxpayer $$ on this parisan witch hunt.  Do real work.
Getting Jeff Sessions to give a straight answer is like herding rhinos with a butterfly net #removeyourglasses #smileSDF #Itdoesntseemlikeit
Mr. and Mrs. California, he is coming after your illegals.
You should be ashamed of yourself and coming out of corrupt Californication, that would be improbable. No hope, no redemption, lost state.
Love your response "why don't u just say no?" Because, there was a conversation! I know u and he r colleagues, but go for the JUGULAR!
We must save this country from ruin! Please work hard to get this thing out to the people! We AND U deserve to know!
Would you please ask him to wipe that damn smirk off his face?  Or ask him why he is smiling?
He has nothing to hide, unlike the dirty dogs representing the liberal lefty liars picking away at NOTHING. Get over it #MAGA
your indignant smile when Sessions was wacking in the weeds, was Priceless. You are my hero for what you fight for. Thank you
Thank you Senator! I am proud to have voted for you
Are you ever going to do anything meaningful you really appear to be a windbag looking for attention and votes
#SlimyTrumpFamily  #CorruptTrumpFamily  #MafiaDon  #SnakeOilSalesmanFamily
Sessions is stonewalling, he can't by law invoke Executive Privilege. Americans demand to know, he won't willingly testify, use truth serum!
Polygraph
- Sessions was fumbling and bamboozled by your excellent QS. He is not fit to serve us! TY for exposing him!
Unfortunately Trump appointees do not fear "contempt of congress" and the ineptness of lengthy litigation to reign them in. What can we do?
Richard Burr opened with claim that AG must answer questions, but he didn't. Now what?!
the one big moment in you're life,nothing left to look forward to,should have saved it for something important
I think he knew more than he said.  Kushner & Trumps senior advisers knew Trump was going to fire Comey. It said so in Time Magazine pg27.
.@ChuckGrassley @SenFeinstein, pls subpoena AG Sessions to address his non-answers. His disrespect 4 Rule of Law, Constitution is horrendous
Great job today. I'll be interested to see if he can produce this mystery policy that no one seems to know about...
Can any of you get a straight answer out of him? Keep pushing!
By a straight answer you really mean the answer you want to hear... Am I right?

U did very well feinstein I watched it live u caught him lying we need a "fresh start" like they said about a guy leading an investigation
Need a fresh start in Washington
Stop this Witch Hunt. Trying to find things that don't even exist.
Session gave answers you dems dont like, Trump is president get over it, work for America, and stop trying to bring him down!
Also, Mr. Sessions,"we" are not the Queen of England, so "we" may not refer to ourselves in the 3rd person, thank you.
Oh, Lordy.
You did an Excellent job, I'm honored to have you on the comm. Stay the course, you are on to something..and he knows,you know
whats the difference between session and u one is a person of honor and integrity and mentally stable the opposite is named feinstein
It was so frustrating watching him not answer questions. Just so tired of all this.
Loved when you slowly took your glasses off as to say.. You think I'm some kinda dummy? Hahahahaha was greattttttt!
I remember when you were one of the wacky Democrats. Now you are sort of mainstream. Get your party back!
Grow up.
You did well! I have concerns about Attorney General Sessions response.
Waste of time. Another politician that refuses to answer questions under oath. Another Liar exposed. Republicans think its OK.
Consider ceding your time to @KamalaHarris  for the tough questions we need answered.
He kicked some lying, corrupt dem ass today. Dems looked like the fools they are
Thank you, Senator @SenFeinstein !
Thank you for your attempts to get answers to questions we have about his decision making, involvement in potentially undermining our gov't.
Sessions appears to drift in and out of the Looking Glass-not competent, not a leader, not capable of being anything but T's gentle stooge.
Totally disgusted with @SenateDems today.. Aside from @SenKamalaHarris not one of you pushed for answers ..
If Sessions and Rosenstein had already discussed eliminating Comey from FBI BEFORE being sworn into office-why did T ask Comey to stay on?
cant watch video on twitter
No one ever asked him details of any of his conversations with Kislyak...his statement abt Ukraine was quite vague. What abt sanctions?
Particularly weak questioning of #Sessions today. Staff shouldn't have woken you from your nap for today's hearing.
There is no there there.  Lynch actually obstructed justice.  Why are you not calling her to testify?  Party politics by DEMS.
Your badgering Attorney General Sessions to disclose his private conversations with President Trump was shameful!!!
I don't agree with your political views but I respect your manners and decorum!
#StonewallSessions
From earlier today senator asked asst AG would donations to a candidate be considered a reason to remove mueller.  What was that about ?
After watching Comey & Sessions hearings, I conclude no crime except Congress wasting taxpayer $$ in a witch hunt.  End investigation now.
You should print that on a T shirt & sell it for campaign donations.
Where is Lynch/ Rice/ Brennan/Powers.... Dianne ??? Worried ?
Thank You for bringing your knowledge and experience to the table in response to his Stonewalling.
Thank you @SenFeinstein keep trying! Intelligence officials and Sessions are protecting the president and forgetting their oath of office.
Move on Dianne !! Ridiculous !
You lied again during Lester holt interview trump stated he wanted a competent person , he never said it was Russia .
This was posted while still active... (Um...?) Lol.
So is Sessions saying the pres should have line-item privilege?
You know, I would have to listen again to understand that discussion. Seemed as though she was trying to pin him down and he was weaseling..
You were much too lenient on awful and conniving Sessions!
He is not answering the questions I have! This is so sad for the American people.
why do the men of these committees always try to make the women be quiet??#sheresisted
Eh! Wish Senator asked tightly focused questions. Questions asked allowed AG much wiggle room w/ answers, which he's adept exploiting.
If Sessions thought Comey was so inept, why didn't he recommend Comey's firing on the day he became AG? Why wait?
Ask if Sessions was so concerned about Russian collusion why he couldn't remember his meetings with them
I absolutely luv &respect u more than u kno! Thx 2 u &@SenAngusKing plz help our country bc this adm is horrifying! WE the people r scared!
I glad you see that he is a liar
Russia interfered with our election to favor Trump.  We need another election based on that FACT. Does it matter  if Trump's campaign knew?
Ask if he knew prez was going to ask comedy to drop Flynn case and when comedy spoke to him later, why did he not ask why he was rattled?
Loved the "Okay..." 
He's waffling...you know he's waffling...and he's getting away with it.     SMH
Can you ask why they fired all those attorneys?
Why didn't you ask him why he recused himself if he wasn't aware of any Russian interference of which he was aware? PRESS HIM!
Why won't you answer CA Taxpayers? What makes it ok for you to defy @TheJusticeDept &  break Fed law allowing illegals to live off my check?
Thank you!
ASK SESSSIONS IF HE IS PLEADING THE FIFTH BY NOT ANDWERING QUESTIONS!
Most Dems are swearing a lot these days. Swearing a lot means you really don't have much to say and vocabulary is thin.
HE DOESNT SOUND TO TRUTHFUL! I BELIEVE COMEYS TESTIMONY! SESSIONS IS ACTING SNEAKY AND HE CANT KEEP HIS STORY STRAIGHT! HE NEEDS TO GO
and he figures if he babbles like a bumpkin he'll your 5 mins.
You have the power to stop this kangaroo court. Do your job and move be to running out government with #WeThePeople! #MAGA 
His memory issues seem such that he should resign.
I know you wanted to smack him, but really, you were way too nice. 
This is a McCarthy Russian hoax - why are you going along?
Shameful.  Not interested in truth. A witch hunt.  Wish you all would put the country before yourself and your parties! Russians are winning
"AH EM NAHT STONEWALLEN" #lyingsession
..Old colleague of mine..Then Smiles at him. Senator, act like your serious sometimes?
you asked a good question and got a crummy response. I find it difficult to buy the AG's veracity. Good luck in your pursuit.


You babbled on for what seemed like forever. He put you in your place.
Yes ma'am .... you came through!
1. Needed fresh start 2. No Comey performance evals. 3. trump tells Holt Russia thing 4 firing. 4. Sessions writes memo. What is it?
New name is Stonewalling Sessions.
Not answering questions w/o legal cause is obstruction of justice, isn't it?
Watch her hardly able to compose a sentence.
Kind of a shame. Always respected her. She turns 84 this month (she is currently the oldest Senator). Should not have run in 2012.
GOOD JOB, Senator.  Keep at it -- get the TRUTH!
Dem Senators need to withhold unanimous consent & stop Senate from doing all work #ProtectOurCare
Now wouldn't that be a good idea - NOT. Dems better get a positive message together or you will continue to loose elections.
Ask about if he was going to resign.
You should have been harder on him. I appreciate you, but not enough
You got BTFO, Senator.
Clearly Comey got screwed. Why is this fool laughing throughout this hearing? Too old to serve. No memory. WTF
Can't believe he wouldn't answer your questions. Why is he so defensive?
And proved to the world how irrelevant you really are. #Fakenews #SethRich.
Well done!
and did a damn good job
Wha? GET OFF TWITTER AND ASK MORE QUESTIONS. SESSIONS IS SKATING HERE!!!
#NothingBurger
He is AG, is he going to reopen the Clinton investigation since he is so crank about it?
Can someone please ask if they discussed firing Comey so much before the election, why the hell did they praise him after? Someone? Please?
Yes. & if job performance a concern Comey should've been fired w/in first few months like others were. Not when @ height of investigation
Proud of you @SenFeinstein
Sessions rambling to burn your time, this is "obstruction" I agree 100% like Coats and Rogers. NOT OK. "I have consulted with attys" ugh.
how is him not being able to answer the question not obstruction of justice?
Non responsive "responses"
Big show for you Dianne. Sad!
Awesome.
Sessions discuss "an investment in Alabama" sounds like a RED FLAG to me, so were talking "investments" @maddow @Lawrence @JenGranholm @cher
