Thought Republicans were hell bent no deficit spending! $1.5 trillion is a pittance??
Deficits no longer matter now that GOP is in charge. They wept and gnashed their teeth about it during Obama. Rank hypocrites one and all.
The deficit damn sure didn't matter to you guys
This is absolutely appalling and heartless. Our democracy is under attack from the inside. Is there no end to the cruelty & treason?
I'm being honest tell me what cruelty and treason is going on I'm asking you a honest question be honest give me facts  bet you don't answer
No sessions working on Hillary ,Obama Debbie Wasserman , Loretta Lynch, James Comey, I could go on and on
Did you fail economics lady D?  It appears so
And the middle class
What " Priorities" Do U have? U only work 2.5 days a week & u seem to spend it Trashing our @POTUS ! Pretty pathetic !
Old Guard Republicans desperate to fatten up their retirement accounts with dark money bribes.
That's laughable Democrats are there to fatten their wallets just like Republicans you go into politics to get rich
Total bull - ur party is dead in the water.
And guess which family could see a $23M dollar tax cut in their taxes first year?
People that wouldn't give you the time of the day so why are you worried about it your life will not change
then YOU have nothing to worry about..
OVER PAID
why was passed 51 to 49 not 60 votes have the rules been changed does any one care? it how now going to be throw out the rules
Yeah the same way the Democratic party past Health Care they decided to throw out the rules back then do your research man Jesus
How are they going to fund the Military Industrial Complex with these massive tax cuts?
Ask a stupid question get a stupid answer the same way they always have with money
Why is that senator, because my Business tax will drop to 15% from 35% where y’all had it. Stop lying to people
She is not talking about business tax. I owned a business it should go down. She is talking about the top 1%. I guess your not rich top 1%
Honey,the top 1percent already pays more in taxes than you'll ever see in your lifetime.
Look troll go back to your cave
Ooo are you the clever one, made that up yourself?
Block definitely a TROLL
Then you should be ok. In your life you could do so much good using your position. However you fail at that as well.
More BS from the left. Taking away their loop holes is not a tax cut for the rich, Besides the rich got richer during the Obama Presidentcy than any other.
Hmmmmm if that wasn't clear before now, then legislators have been asleep...but give pink anus a chance...
Since you're one of the rich, I'm surprised at you taking this position.
but 2% of the cuts are for the middle class, right? #reliefformiddleclass
Same old same old.
Hey Swamp Woman. Please stop it with bashing rich and successful tax payers. They pay 90% of your salary.
That and a military coup
Diane you do not stand for the people only your agenda very sad.
Republicans aren’t conservatives instead wealth and power mongers. Doing anything to make a buck-wreck the environment, screw over the poor
Agreed!
File this under: No Shit Sherlock.
You got that right!!
Democracy = Closed door drafting? Somehow that just doesn't seem to be the same thing...
Enough already don't forget 2 mention how poor r going 2 suffer, the elderly, disabled and middle class will suffer! Ur scare tactic lame!
Let us all be very clear here! This is an attempted Multi-$Trillion Dollar HEIST that breaks America’s promise to workers, vets, retirees.
You're a liar!!!  Bold faced liar!   How's those fires started by an ILLEGAL ALIEN going?  Nice liberal idiotic politics!  #enddaca
Why do u lie Dianne? U know it isn't true.
I don't hate rich people. Call me crazy, but I'm glad they exist. If we didn't have a top tier, then we would be less capable as a whole.
Really a selfish self centred republican you must be joking 
You should be happy since you are one of them.  Afraid with more money comes more education, they might out smart you?
http://pjunkie1.blogspot.com 
Hahaha All the illegal alien invasion!  That's awesome.
Dems are addicted to spending, raising taxes, & bankrupting America with catastrophic debt. Fiscally irresponsible.
Check some economic figures Bozo
Don't let facts get in the way Senator, read this:
There's nothing wrong with tax cuts for the rich.
You are above this!
Awe, and YOU won't profit from this. Do you really think America believes this shit from you?
I need a tax cut Senator, my ACA payments are going up 54% in 2018.  How am I supposed to pay?  I live in CA and have 1 choice.  Repeal ACA!
Same old song and dance, always tax cuts for the rich and the poor will die. Get some new material, this is getting old. Cut taxes now 4 all
Corporate Democrats are also corrupt, they pretend they are for us. They are not. They are for their donors just like Republicans
Show me a time when Republicans were in charge where the rich didn't become richer & where they didn't destroy the economy.
The bill isnt even finished yet, liar.
@jcr914 
Pls what can the Resistance do? We cannot let this happen!
U say tax cuts 4 rich, when in reality 4 the way its always been with Dems is higher tax 2 pay 4 all ur free programs OK
No more special deals for Commiefornia. #EqualUnderLaw
Look at the Stock market. Over 5.3 TRILLION in added wealth, unemployment claims LOWEST since 1973

We #TrustTrump
Literally nothing else matters than the servicing of the Ryan’s pimps. More.
Fake news fake politicians quit lying
BULLSHIT, How many times can you use scare tactics against the American ppl. Stop playing politics and do what's right
Dems say that EVERY TIME THERE IS A TAX BILL because they don't have any other narrative.

When nobody but the rich pay taxes, who else are you going to give a tax cut to?
Disapointed dems could'nt get couple repug allainces 2 prevent this Senator. Same situation as earlier - medicaid gutted. Collins? McCain?
It DIDNT WORK IN THE 80”s ( no matter HOW POPULAR Reagan was& we’ve reaped the rewards of a broke & BROKEN GOVT. for it. Tax reform=ENSLAVED
#impeach45withcohen is the only solution. Support @RepCohen and @HouseJudDems to get courage to file Articles of Impeachment. TIME TO ACT!
You full of it
Obama made the deficit go over 21 trillion dollars he spent more then all the other presdients be fore combine where was your outrage then
Do you ever say anything good about the President?  If you have, I've never seen it or heard or read it. No? That is a disgrace.
So, it’s okay to let the middle class continue with crushing taxes to make sure the “rich” don’t get a cut? What is Rich? $250k?
We get that. Stop them!!!
Just like the libbys and the demmys who only have one priorty: Destroy America
And the priority of you and your party is to enslave this country in the bonds of government totalitarianism. All those like you are evil!
Authorities on Wednesday arrested an illegal immigrant suspected of starting an illegal campfire believed to have ignited a growing Northern California blaze that destroyed 10 homes, damaged five others and threatened hundreds more. So good for u feinstein
Hey but DT can become a "good President". RESIGN ASAP....
Please help me not to lose my benefits as a disabled person. For tax cuts for wealthiest
Their support

And it’s clear you Dianne have only one goal!! To harbor illegals!!’
Thank you for working for the rest of us!
We kind of know that Senator.  Do you have a plan?
NULLIFY the fraudulent election and REVOKE all appointments and actions. The GOPigs are TRAITORS from the top down.
You need to go away, you really have no clue do you! Maybe you should go back to school and take some economics classes.

That’s all the democrats counting there Russian cash!! 
They’re as un-feeling as President Trump; zero empathy or compassion for those less fortunate. Yet they profess to be good Christians!
ABSOLUTE LIE. We are sick of the Dems lack of integrity and obsession with their mindless hate instead of needed policy changes!
Oh, STOP!  You Dems r nothing bt cheap vinyl broken records & complete bores.  Get a new angle. I have never heard a Dem say anything else!
Get an angle? How about TREASON. Do some reading about Dark Money.
You lie and the contributing Americans know it
Wow. There's a surprise.
It’s also clear your against everything the republicans and trump throw your way!!  Your not even worth paying attention to
False
And who do you think produces more jobs if your taxes are lower? Payers of taxes or non-payers of taxes. That’s how it works! U should know
Why do you demonize the rich?  Why’s it ok 2 steal from a person bc they wrkd hard to gain a lot of $ or if they have $ my dumb luck. #envy
You need to retire,and let the real leader get things done.
You should be for it then.   Rich lady
No two priorities, #2 is see you retire. #DrainTheSwamp
Isn't this the same way it always is. GOP means deficit goes up and wars. What else is new ?  Trump's swamp now
Listen crazy lady, it's October. If it's the only priority it would have been done months ago. Sit down.
You are not very good at economics, are you?       Please do some studying and get back to us.
Hahaha
Why am I not surprised?
...and ballooning the deficit
You do realize the tax cut is for everyone right? Last I checked the good jobs come from big corporations and they are the ones who hire.
Didn't we all know that long ago? That's why they haven't dumped Trump yet.
Watch for criminal investigation of extortion, bribery, collusion, money-laundering & kick-backs involving Obama, DOJ, FBI & media officials
That was not clear to you before?
Drag them
I hope your letter will touch at least 3 republican senators but I feel very discouraged!  I didn't know there were so many greedy folks!
#LiberalLogic is blind to the #Math that tax-cuts will increase job-growth & total tax revenues into the treasury.
Today's budget resolution vote made it clear that Republicans have only one priority: tax cuts for the rich. 
Never has
You'd never know because you were never there because you never lived off welfare. #Parasite
Please fight and Defeat this Horrid GOP budget & #FakeTaxReform Billionaires profit while billions starve.
Tax cuts = Jobs, Jobs = $, $ = Less America’s on welfare, Less people on welfare =  less votes for you...lol
#Russians wrote that for Feinstein to widen the divide between successful people & those who haven't succeeded yet.
Today's budget resolution vote made it clear that Republicans have only one priority: tax cuts for the rich. 
Middle class tax cuts are significant....
Thank you Sen. Feinstein please keep fighting for us. We Thank you for your service and being on the right side of these  challenges.
Why shouldn't rich folks get a tax break? They pay way more than others & the poor pay none. Are you pandering? #USA
Today's budget resolution vote made it clear that Republicans have only one priority: tax cuts for the rich. 
I'll bet you also oppose a living wage
Vote for the pain capable bill, Micah's law!
48 % don’t pay any taxes which is all your constituents.  I’m middle class not rich. I pay 25% in taxes.  Don’t take away my tax break!
Let’s not forget not being taxed on the first $12k we make!!
Fight for us, please
But you refuse to give the middle class a break at the same time  your logic baffles us all. The poor don’t care what rich do only u do
Sigh
Newsflash. Our $ doesnt belong to you or government.
I'll bet that's what you think about when you sign paychecks
Why did you let this happen? We are outraged as Tax paying Americans. @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi @SenBernie @SenWarren @SenJohnMcCain
Obumer increased the debt 10 trillion dollars in 8 years that's double what it was. And what did we get.  0
The 1% will get tax cuts, continue to reap wildly exaggerated profits from artificially inflated stock prices & then shelter off shore.
You betcha Dianne...bout time the poor started paying their fair share.
@SenFeinstein Yes the Budget Resolution was passed throughout the day ,that clears the way now for the Senate to work on Tax Reform 2018.
Hey it cuts taxes for those who aren’t rich and we far outweigh those who are 
And the poor can keep their money. Don't lie
The @GOP are looting as fast as they can while trump burns America down.
Was there ever any doubt?
For God's sake Dianne stop lying! 

PLEASE RETIRE TONIGHT!!!
You need to do the math!   Only the rich will benefit and programs will be destroyed so the wealthy can have more!
Go troll somewhere else
You just keep believing until u can't!
The top 10% of the wealthy pay 70% of all Federal taxes collected, google it. The tax brake can be for all, wealthy will still pay the most
Are you paying attention?  Stock Market & unemployment is up. All in anticipation of cuts. Which will = more jobs.
Yeah right Senator. The “rich” are the Republicans’ natural constituency. Must be a lot of them in the U.S. 62 million voted for Trump.
Get loud @SenFeinstein! We need your leadership & voice more than ever. As a CA voter, I implore you - don't back down.
So u 2 r a fan of stealing from rich. It’s no more wrong to steal a rich persons $ & give 2poor than 2 steal from poor 2give 2rich #envy
I believe this is more political motivated.However,"Share the wealth"did not work.Almost bankrupting America in 2 a 3rd Wld country.(OP)
You guys aren't doing too well stopping this illegal govt! Hillary won ur all afraid 2 go there and make a noise WTF do we doin our pillows?
Hillary won? Seriously?  Have u even read the constitution? Trump isn’t awesome. Way better than Hillary. Either way saying she won is false
That’s good for you. You’re rich. Now, it would be great if the Senate passes this tax cut. The bullying has to stop !
Trump's big brags about inviting people to the White House for dinner are a slap in the face to the person digging for change to buy bread.
Get a new playbook.
This is always what you say word for word. Why not break out the tax manuals & start deleting. Action speak louder....
She's an old woman complicit with all the Harvey's of the world. She can't legislate because she is too busy with her corrupt dirty hands
Increasing the child deduction helps the middle class!
Yeah, it's nice to pay for other ppl's breeding choices  How about increased deductions for not having kids?
No, since you have no expenses. Not a ‘green’ issue—sorry!
And giving up ANWR. Time to fight.
@MSNBC The GOP keeps doing everything in secret blocking Democrats. Trump then turns around and calls Dems obstructionists and won't help! 
Birds of a feather?   But I wager you aren't poor, Mrs. F.
This is news?? :)
This needs to NOT HAPPEN!  This is OUTRAGEOUSLY UNFAIR to Working Americans!!  The ESTATE TAX is essential to Fair Taxation!

Interesting.we had an increase of deficit  N the prev admin.Had taxation all over the place.I did not see much relief for the Middle Class.
Was Seth Rich a political hit sanctioned by the Democrat Party?  
Is that why the national news media dropped that story?
Why didn't the Dems get rid of the Bush tax cuts for the rich when they had the majority?
They were too busy ramming Obamacare down our throats.
Dear @SenFeinstein please explain to all patriotic deplorables how you cut taxes for those who pay none.  #MAGA #TaxReform
1-So @OpposingLogic are U saying U R FOR giving 0.2% of the public $1.0TRL windfall? That the Rich shld just hide their invest til they die?
I'm for REDUCING the Tax Burden on those who PAY Taxes.
I'm not for temporary mandated wealth redistribution to be spent at Rent-A-Tv.
1 - Then you don't understand what the Estate Tax does! It's not "Wealth Distribution"  Example - Say your a wealthy real estate Devlpr
How much money have you made in office?
They own it now and they own healthcare w Trump Paul care they own this President and all he does they own economy at all our expense
Speaking of rich, Seth Rich doesn't get a tax cut, he's been murdered and no news about any investigation. Clinton pardoned Marc Rich on tax
Top 10% of income earners, those having an adjusted gross income over $138k pay 70% of federal income taxes. Are they the rich? Tax break?
"SALT" - TELL THEM HOW MUCH YOU STAND TO LOSE WITH ENDING THE DEDUCTIONS ON STATE & LOCAL TAX DEDUCTION..... YOU LIAR
What? It doesn't take care of the devoted Trumpsters? #shocked
HAHAHAHAHA

Try to contribute in a positive manner to pulling us out of the disaster in which we find ourselves rather than making points.
Their priority is to turn the country around.

