Here are a few of those dreamers in LA that you are protecting.
Oh hey thats Ernest on the left he does my palm trees
That's right sorry
Yes we know everything is Obama's fault.  If you run out of toilet paper, it is Obama's fault. If you get a flat tire,  Obama's fault SMH
Just waiting for Trump to have an idea or a plan to MAGA, fill his administrations numerous vacant positions or abolish the jobs if they /1
Why? To save your votes? To steal MY vote? To prevent those trying to come here LEGALLY from coming? To steal MY HARD-EARNED tax $$$?
Agree.. Now tell us your plan on how you plan to #Resist?
These guys are with you. #resist
These tattooed guys are not with me.  They're in San Salvador.  But these guys are def in your own backyard.  #LooksCanBeDeceiving
These guys are marginalized in US. You guys contrive a reason to be destructive. Not fooling anyone.
Thank you for your support of our young people who have benefited from DACA. They are our future
ILLEGALS benefitting...rather than hard working citizens or hard working LEGAL immigrants huh? Sick of line cutters thinking they're better
No, let's be patient.
Hardworking, smart young people w/ spotless records: we NEED their talents,skills,eagerness. Spite/bigotry is no way to run a country
Senator we fight to get DACA in snow rain or sun please make a group of Senators opposing this ! UNITE and you will win !
How do you know they are impressive do you know each of them.  You are so phony
In college I found Latinos and other "minorities" 2 be fine people.  We owe DACA's a break.  Parents wrongheaded; DACAs try hard 2 excel
Yes! But you are the biggest dreamer for thinking trump could turn into a president
They are still here illegally. Need to go.
Who will pay for DACA - oh yeah more taxes.
Great job ssenator!
You mean like these impressive young people?
Really? Why? California is a horrible state. They harbor criminals!
Another good reason deport 222,000 to many
Wow, you finally said something worth noting.  I must say though only half right.  I think you meant to say "Day Dreamers".
And part of the reason why your state is in bankruptcy.
Tell me how to help
Trump lost CA so all the more reason for him to hit back in his usual spiteful way. Twisted old man! Agree we must #SaveDACA
Why don't you find them a pathway to citizenship, instead of just sitting there flapping your  about what an atrocity it is? #teammaga
Let's award them California Citizenship.
So what will she do? Praise trump?
Dreamers. Yes. Doers. Lacking.
I thought you said Trump could be a good President? What the hell were you smoking Dianne. How can a racist ever be a good President?
Amen!
5th circuit and SCOTUS disagree

Yep ca. don't care about laws
We're all Dreamers here in California ...
Why aren't you serving those who are citizens of this Country? Why is it Dems only concerned about illegals? CA can take them all, no Fed $
Yes they are impressive. Work harder at staying out of trouble, better educated, have jobs, good families, a real credit 2 their communities
DACA is nothing more than Obama's illegal executive amnesty. Amnesty of any kind encourages others to enter our country illegally. #enddaca
Thanks for giving credit to trump saying he is aa good pres.
I bet f Trump said daka kids could stay the dem would say kid them out.
U.S. citizens are dreamers too.  We should prioritize support to our citizens, not illegal aliens. There is reason we have immigration laws.
Get to work Diane
if you see a mexican, warn a brother?
Are they Illegal? and does that include gang members who are "Dreamers"?
No Obama DACA
California is a disgrace to the rest of the country. Sactuary cities. Antifa, Hollywood liberal trash and Maxine
We call California "Little Mexico" for a reason Diane. I'm from the U.S. a country full of lovely LEGAL immigrants. #DACA's a mess. #EndDACA

Thank you Senator Feinstein
Really? 222,000 impressive young people? How do you know? What have they done to have such an auspicious title? Impressive
Do you still think @realDonaldTrump can change, @SenFeinstein?
"We must save our precious illegal voters" fixed that for you
Dreamers lmao DACA is finished!
American Citizens have the right to be dreamers here!
That is your fault for not enforcing our immigration laws.  You need to be replaced
#barsfor45
I said 2 Blake @SenJeffFlake's DC office: "Unacceptable! Oppose this evil action immediately!" Everyone, call your elected Reps now! #Resist
222,000 waiting for handouts
California is home to more Dreamers than any other state—222,000 impressive young criminals. We MUST #FuckDACA! Fixed it. 

How
You mean WAS home
Let them dream on the other side of the rio grande
I'm sure you r concerned,that's a loss of 222,000 votes for http://liberals.wow ,222,000 jobs for Americans.
Yes but the Dems always insert a poison pill because Dems love slave labor
And what are you going to do about it? @IndivisibleSF @IndivisibleTeam
If not being mistaken  there are 800,00 eligible  #Dreamers  throughout the U.S. who meet the guideline for Pres. OBAMA program #DACA 1/1
2/2 Sen.Dianne Feinstein of  S F ,California
Looks like a law would need to be passed as Trump intends to end the program. He totally lacks compassion!
No thanks
I defend daca
That's a lot of 'illegal aliens' Out Out Out.. #EndDACA
Please join @SenKamalaHarris and support @SenSanders #MedicareForAll
What do lawmakers don't understand about illegal
Cousin both demi's and Repub's are all idiots!!!
Bot?
how many of that quarter million do you think belong to gangs. Rob steal etc???
Daca Participants creat business and jobs at a higher rate then natural born americans. 70% of which get college degrees also higher.
@SenFeinstein - how are you going to accomplish this?
And F Trump
#DefendDACA
They said the same thing in Europe about the migrants and they started having mass rapes and very high crime
I'm a resident of CA. Please stand down.
We The People who elected him won't allow that!You Lost, get over it!Best President in History & he has only been there for not even 8 mo
Illegal immigrants are illegal immagrants it's @POTUS job to enforce the law you need to stop undermining him
Immigrants*
Nahhh.
Have you noticed how impacted our state colleges are?
Feinstein I've seen nothing about your personal donation to The Americans in Texas and Louisiana you just don't care you're about the votes
What about the kids in the inner cities Dianne are you going to bybass them and give Dreamers their scholarships and chance in College?
222,000 illegal aliens ready to go! Get some rest ICE you're going to be busy!
How about putting pressure where it belongs? On the ILLEGALS to get right with law. File appropriate docs and do what is right under LAW!
My father was a judge and he always said if you don't agree with a law, you don't break it. You change it
Hahahahahaha hahahahahaha!!
We are a country of LAWS enforce them. DACA was unlawfully done byObama.@realDonaldTrump  End DACA
Dem's Obstructionist
PAY BACK TIME
Stand with laws and legal immigration! Parents please bring your kids in the legal way so we can stop these problems before they begin
Yeah most illegal, who u support! 
Are Dreamers Legal or illigal immigrants? Because i makes a difference apon how they should act
Don't forget to pack your toothpaste.
