Shameful!
SENATOR WHAT ARE THEY GOING TO DO? KEEP ENERGY PRICES LOW FOR THE NEXT TEN YEARS ?THEY WON'T ALLOW IT !YOU HAVE ESCAPED A GLOBAL DEPRESSION+
SENATOR WHEN THE CRISIS IS IN THEIR FRONT DOOR ;AND THEY OPEN THE GATES TO THE NEXT DEPRESSION !WHICH WILL MOST LIKELY BE A DOMINO WORLDWID+
Please fight for our disabled and elderly Americans!
As well as our Nursing Home family members
Now what?
What makes you think the Republican bill cuts medicaid.  I thought it just limits increases.  Can you read with comprehension?
You ate starting to think?
Thank you for fighting for our health care!
I'm going to be in D.C. Next month for the non profit I work with. I'm from California and proud you are fighting for my daughter
SENATOR YOU HAVE ESCAPED A GLOBAL DEPRESSION WHICH WAS MENTIONED IN THE BIBLE; BY KEEPING OIL PRICES LOW; WHY MR PRESIDENT ARE YOU TRYING ++
To Frankie that word WELFARE is literal "free stuff"
Only in wa you FOOL is REDUCING rate of growth of increases in Medicaid a slashing?!?  Nice try.  We r onto u liars!
O Care isn't working, Diane! What have YOU done to help this situation? Oh, yeah! NOTHING!
All these interviews w/Trump team should be open hearing, under oath! American people deserve to know truth. No behind-closed-door crap!
Amen.  Let's get Hillary under oath too. Like behind bathroom door srver
How about you specify exactly how?  Because all 50 states fully cover kids who's families income falls below a certain amt.
"Low income" and "serious health care needs" are not the same thing. You can make a fine income and still be bankrupted by health needs.
Regardless this doomsday senario Dems are pushing is purely political.
No, it's practical.
Since no one is proposing slashing Medicaid I guess there's no problem. #Liar #Traitor Cutting a% of future growth is not slashing Medicaid
WHY MR PRESIDENT ARE YOU TRYING TO CREATE ANOTHER CRISIS ?HOW WILL YOU SOLVE THAT PROBLEM?
The contributing Americans don't care about your illegal immigrants We Believe parents should take care of their own children
Sad day
Dems should have fixed Obamacare when they had the chance.  They had 7 years to do so.  Now, they've lost that chance.
I agree but i'm afraid the bully's will push it through because they won't stand up against the President who is the biggest bully there is!
Dinosaur Dianne is lying again. Medicaid is completely unaffected for children.  Disgraceful, lying old sot.
I'll summarize the BREAKING NEWS from THE GUARDIAN: Natalia Veselnitskaya is Kushner's business partner's lawyer and he DEFINITELY knew her.
vote no on Republicans terrible bill with its anti-democratic process
when you supported obamacare.  you fully invalidated EVERYTHING you have to say..  now please sit down and let the adults talk
Typical DNC scare tactics that have been used for decades. The public does not buy it. The Boy that cried wolf.
Another falsehood from the Democrats.  Big surprise.
This.
Stop the rhetorical agenda-driven crap...Dianne, you lie!
Entitlements will be defeated @SenFeinstein
Talk to ur buddy @SenJohnMcCain .We've called, we've tweeted, we've cried.We are horrified by @SenateMajLdr underhanded tactics to screw HC
Vote YES to discuss
Too many entitlements spoils the budget. Don't bankrupt our children! #FullRepeal
Have you seen the bill? It. Oils be far worse.
As an Advocate for Families With Children With Disabilities I thank you
CBO numbers vs reality.
I think you mean the Republican "non-bill."
#SinglePayer #MedicareForAll
Why not vote to proceed, then offer Amendments.  Must do something besides obstruct!
and your party's health care plan is?? don't say Obamacare, and for the thousand time what health care plan do you have? Obamacare?  not

73% of those losing insurance are those who will CHOOSE to OPT out!
CBO numbers are complete BS!  Using baseline ACA projects that do not align with reality to project number of people who will lose insurance
More lies from Democrats...   GOP plan actually INCREASES spending on Medicaid, but NOT as MUCH as current ACA.
Ya know what? You suck. You're one of the main reasons we have trump now. To do what is right for America you would have backed Bernie.

And, why did Congress exempt themselves and their staff from Obamacare, if it was so great. New plan needs to be sustainable.
@SenJohnMcCain Please listen to sanity and help to protect regular Americans by not allowing McConnell's "healthcare on the fly" to proceed.
Yes it must
Where did these children get healthcare before Obama dumped millions on Medicaid that was intended for the most needy?  They did get care!
Thats the whole point, to kill off the needy, injured, old & poor~everyone that dies because they can't see a doctor is $3mil in GOPpockets!
Then why do you keep pushing for 3rd trimester abortions?
I think I know where to find an extra $1 billion to help the children...
Our phone calls to senators from other states are useless; these are your co-workers, your colleagues - the ball is in your court!
All people deserve healthcare. Take a stronger stance and be a leader.
Talk to your friend John McCain!!!
Can we invoke the #25thAmendmentNow  and declare him non compos mentis since he chooses to be incompetent to our needs of the people?
There is still a chance to save lives! Call or petition your Senators AND DEMAND THEY VOTE NO ON MOTION TO PROCEED! https://goo.gl/22Aywb 
Why are blks, women and poor ppl still asking white men for freedom?
No kids will get cut from medcd. What about kids who suffer cause parents cant afford care after premiums/ded. but not poor enough 4 Med.?
Those parents R same ppl footing bill 4 kids who get medicaid. Its not meant 2 be perm. solution. Quit encouraging ppl 2 NOT better themslvs
Why are we just talking? You have the platform to do something bold, and we will follow. I would take half the pay and do what's right only.
Try harder Feinstein. Democrats have allowed all cabinet nominees to go through
excuse me, please.  Mr. Trump won the election.  Is it the role of the Senate then to 'hatchet-job' each & every cabinet nominee?
Start explaining to people how it is going to increase their property taxes, #ConJob, http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/this-is-not-normal_us_596be303e4b06a2c8edb478a …
@jeffflake @SenJohnMcCain @SenDeanHeller @senrobportman @SenCapito @lisamurkowski Even boys scouts were abused! Health a must #VOTENOMTP
Apply cool mind and arrive at an acceptable formula, with out throwing mud to each other.
Remind your colleagues that they swore to uphold the Constitution, including "promote (ing) the general welfare" of the nation.  Thank you!
@realDonaldTrump proved that he doesn't care about children. He stood in front of thousands of #BoyScouts & spread more hatred. #Impeach45
oh Vivian, wake up, cut the hyperbole, get a life
Yet you disregard care for the working middle class' children who can't see a doctor because of treatment-prohibitive Obamacare deductibles.
Contacted @TomCottonAR for what good it will do. All people of good conscience must vote no!
Thank you Senator Feinstein. Americans are behind you! @Michael36776349
