I'd love it if you ran for POTUS, Senator.
After Trump's embarrassing stint as POTUS, we need someone who's ready to do the job on day one.  #TrumpRussia #TrumpTreason #TrumpPutin2020
Trump ran a campaign on white grievance.  That's the ultimate in identity politics.
Can you defend 1000s legal dreamers from getting deported every year as they turn 21? Its inhuman!
Children of legal immigrants face "ageing out" due to long Green Card backlogs.Preeti's story: #Fairness4Legals #HR392 #S281 siia.us 
How about the citizens of this country first and their potential, their jobs, their needs. You are a "U.S." senator last time I looked.
Dreamers will be dreamers no tool will change we can only hope for peaceful association of their subjective persecution
How about U.S.Citizens being able to reach their maximum potentials.Should'nt we take care of our people before illegals.Radical Socialist
Just imagine how much legal citizens can contribute then...
Love that!
So dishonest. Obvious absence of cost of illegals (30 billion/yr just in CA).
Not interested !!!
The #Dreamers are here Illegaly- we don't get to pick and choose which laws to follow...
Why haven't you caught a heart attack yet? Go away commie.
Send post cards protesting her position!
bien
$19 Trillion in debt, why not.
Yeah, after they suck up twice to 3times that in welfare and public assistance, tuition assistance... Diane your not fooling anyone
No DACA. no illegal immigrants wantef
Let's also ensure our own dreamers have their own tools too.Senator be fair to our youth first
#Dreamers? What about Americans??? Have you forgotten what country you live in and represent? #VoteThemOut #Traitor
Let us remind everyone in this country if you're not native Indian you are  an immigrant racist people fight over status they didn't earn!
Let's let the dreamers apply for legal status first. We're tired of paying for illegals.
Not many interested in your issue if concern
As a California Democrat, I want to hear you say IMPEACH NOW.
We know your true motive is to keep hold of illegal votes. Times they are a changing and #VoterFraudWillEnd!
...and how many   TRILLIONS  are their chain migrating "relatives" going to end up costing us?! Legal tax paying citizens want to know! 
Tools?  You mean....welfare?

Not everything should be abt $$
If their families came here illegally, they broke the law and should ALL go back
Senator, maybe it's time we put Americans first.
There you Dems go again, counting your chickens before they hatch, err, I mean spending money ahead of more failed budget revenue plans. 
You're a sellout Diane. All you see is votes. Traitor.
Baloney
So how did you calculate that figure?. Is that a dreamers dream? Can you tell the future?
When US citizens break our laws, they are punished. When foreigners break our laws, you reward them and call them Dreamers.
Cost is $850B
Illegal aliens need to go home and get in line behind legal immigrants. Dems incentivizing illegal behavior & spending $85B/yr #BuildTheWall
you lack loyalty to americans:  retire to israel which is who your first loyalty is to
Senator, that's wonderful, devil's advocate: what are the associated costs for healthcare, education, infrastructure, welfare, housing,legal
Lies
Sorry Dianne,the dreams of thousands of Americans have been silenced by leftist ignoring illegal immigration, Kate in ur own district
&THE FUTURE SHE WILL NEVER HAVE BC OF DACA FELON? HOW DARE U PLACE ILLEGAL ALIENS ABOVE R AMERICAN BORN CHILDREN! NEXT ELECTION, U'RE GONE!
Build the Wall
U DONT WANT AMERICA SAFE!! UR VOTING PROVES YOU ARE ALL 4THE LIBERAL NWO AGENDA! WHAT ABOUT KATE STIENLE, WHAT ABOUT STANDING UP FOR HER?
Sure that voter fraud from illegals keeps getting you elected. Keep dreaming if you think you will get over on Trump. He is way ahead of U.
LIES LIES&MORE LIES!! UR SO ANTI AMERICAN, ANTI GUNS, 4 ILLEGALS. THEIR PARENTS DELIBERATELY BROKE R LAWS, STOLE IDENTITIES! BOTH FELONIES!
THIS IS THE TYPICAL DEM DRIVEL....DEPORT THE ILLEGALS SO REAL AMERICANS CAN EXPERIENCE THE AMERICAN DREAM ....REAL AMERICANS FIRST
Inciting riots, is still a crime. You talk division with every word from your mouth
Their communities in whatever country of citizenship, not here!
Term limits are the only thing congress should look at other than a wall and lowering taxes. Shut up already
I remember Kate don't care about illegal dreamers  come to my country legally if you want to fulfill your dreams ~ from a Calibration
How much will that cost?
How about giving the dreamers the tools to complete goals. Obviously, goals will be a reality, long before dreams.
They can dream back in their home country and get in line behind the legal immigrants filing paperwork and waiting their turn to come here.
Anti worker Democrat Party prefers illegal aliens over blacks and hispanics and whites
Daca Rapists must go
#maga
Dianne -- why? can't have the democrats lose any more voters?
Dreamers who come in through legal channels on the merit plan, and have skills. No welfare, we already have our own poverty problem to solve
I have an idea. Let's fine each employer of undocumented immigrants $100,000 and then give that money to the dreamers for college. 
Wherever that community happens to be.. Mexico, Guatemala, China, etc.
Wow I wish my kids had the tools they needed to be successful. But they don't have the complexion for the connection. So they just work.
Please help that beautiful family stay here.They are a model family,raising beautiful well mannered children Stop their deportation PLEASE
Hey guys, Dianne could be very valuable to us at #MAGA. Just let her continue to spewing her repugnant ridiculousness....#winning2020
How much money has your family made while you worked in D.C. ?
Diane....you're a dink
So your rich peers in #PacificHeights and #MegWhitman can keep their Mexican househelp?
Maybe give condoms to the child rapists who are illegals? Is that your idea? Of course the tax payers will be paying for those too.
Why not focus on legal citizens. #Dreamers as you call them we're brought here illegally. We need to take care of citizens!!
Kate Steinle unavailable for comment.
Screw you!  Americans First before illegals.  They need to go back and stand in line like my family did!
I'm a dreamer. I dream of a USA where you must follow the law to become a citizen or be sent packing back to the shithole you came from.
Lean for the mighty green dollar. Go make your phone calls for donations.   Crooked
Take a 2 mile walk into the ocean
You should be concerned about American children. #stopillegalimmigration.
So its all about the money to You? $433 billion? Does that make you sleep better while #katesteinle is dead and buried, killed by a dreamer?
Don't going to happen.  END IT NOW @potus
The Center for American Progress  is a Soros shill organization for open borders. 

would rather Trust Bill Clinton with a 16yo cheerleader
What were Kate Steinle's potential contributions, had she not been murdered by a criminal illegal? Or do you care?

HGAF?
Go away Dianne. You're irrelevant and even the left knows it.

You pay for them yourself
So because I was actually born here and choose to work for the things I want instead of taking handouts I get no respect
That was your parents choice. Short sighted.
Let's remember Kate Steinle instead.
Go to the end of the line & wait like everyone else.
Not with my tax dollars! Use your own money!
They are illegal aliens, try helping the American people first. You are not for us but for criminals.
What about ensuring the tools are available to the poorest Americans FIRST. You have always been a tragedy hustler since Harvey Milk.
And can you please provide your statistical data to prove this please!
OMG what is wrong with all of you. Get this fascist pig out of the White House NOW! Do any of you know how to do ONE thing together?
#KateSteinle . why didn't you protect her. Shame on u
I wish ur district would use there powers and vote u OUT!!!!!!!!
What is the Vist to The Taxpayers more Democraps Strategy Puk-Vomit
No Dianne 
The 14th amendement defines us
Let's insure that if people break federal law to gain entry into the U.S. they are prosecuted to the fullest extent. #LegalImmigration
How about the federal debt and deficits you spent 42 trillion in past 8 years. When will you help US citizens. Opensecrets.come
Shut up woman no dreamers an NO LBGT
let's ensure people in our country in violation of our immigration laws, take up seats in our universities that our children could have used
thank you thank you!
When foreign citizens (dreamers) take over Congress, Courts, and White House, do you think they will care about your rights, Feinstein?
then let's "ensure" Trump gets impeached...#25thAmendmentNow  or #ImpeachTrump take your pick
FAKE PROJECTIONTough 2 convincew/ leftist think tank that believes Russia Collusion U well know is W/O evidence
Dreamers can't all find government jobs like Feinstein did, so guess whose jobs they will be taking?   Yes, it may be her job eventually too
Exactly what tools are you talking about and how many more millions is it going to cost us legal citizen taxpayers?
Sure.. in Mexico
What part of "immigrants contribute to the economy" was unclear?

Also: Do not attempt to defend deporting people who harm no one.
Undocumented immigrants are far less likely to harm anyone than US citizens are.

We can stop criminalizing things that harm no one.
Obama defends Black Lives Matter protests at police memorial in Dallas http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2016/jul/12/obama-defends-black-lives-matter-protests-police-m/ … via @washtimes
