Time to grind Senate business to a halt! Nothing happens until they #ShowUsTheBill!
Congratulations, you found one badly-worded quote. The reality is that there were months of hearings before ACA was passed.
Uhhh . . . today's hearings aren't on the health care bill.
In that case, there should be hearings on health care. But there won't be. #GOP hypocrisy.
Fear mongering. You don;t seems to mention all those who now pay way more than they should thanks to ACA.
Healthcare mandate is a tax-and should be.  It's the biggest expense.  I don't have kids but I pay for schools...
Republicans...be more gutless.
Can you imagine republican response if Dems pulled this shyte? The hypocrisy is breathtaking. Call your Senator.
Help us @SenFeinstein !!
Now is the time for them to come out of the basement and work to provide health care for everyone.  Health is the basis for prosperity.
Granted our party is in the minority, agreed we need to resist this but do u & others in congress like-minded have a plan to fix ACA?
Yes,  there should be a public option like Medicare for all.  Those who can afford insurance go to any Dr. They choose. Like Australia
I agree but we need our reps. to get in the weeds and do the work and have put it on blast to all there constituents.
Not just the insurance...their health..and some, their lives.
Stop lying! You have no right to mislead citizens of this country. You r obstructing justice.
Lets be thankful the Republicans in the hospital today have the best Health Care the TAXPAYERS can give them..at least they have no worries!
MILLIONS HAVE DUE TO OBAMACARE ALREADY--I KNOW MANY---R U THAAAAT OUT OF TOUCH??
GOP r behaving like Bosheviks on health care. Secret meetings, no hearings. Undemocratic process. U will be held accountable in 2018.
Withhold consent on all senate business until Repubs hold public hearing on Trumpcare!
In Alaska, premiums have increased 206% under ObamaCare. Dems didn't provide practical health insurance, only on paper. #DemsBuiltThis
#ShowUsTheBill
Please call it what it is, a tax cut for the wealthy, called Trumpcare.  It's as fake as his phony university.
If their bill is done please provide link to it. I thought they were still working on it.
How can we vote Republucans out of office if contenders back out because of death threats?  Who out there will stand up to them?
Hold up all Senate business until there is a hearing and a CBO score! Filibuster! #ShowUsTheBill
Senator. Why don't you take a proactive part in the ACA redraft and. It just complain
And remember what the REPUBS did in May.....SICK!
Please tell the truth about the Liberal agenda. This is getting dirty. Of all the Democrats I feel you will tell the truth.
What can we do, Dianne?
While giving tax breaks to rich! Shameful @SenToomey! GOP don't care about at risk folks and are afraid to show Americans their true colors.
Please - do all you can to defeat or delay!
Please withhold your consent for the bill
How about the millions that just lost Insurance with Obamacare today.... Dianne ?? Such hypocrisy !
You are my Senator. Thank you for your opposition to this bill. Please keep up your public opposition to it.
keep fighting @SenFeinstein !!! for health care!!!
Senator, please block all non-essential business until this disasterous bill brought to the floor for public debate. Thank you.
Why should Americans who are losing their ins. be forced to pay for healthcare for ILLEGAL immigrants? This is fair????????????????
This is BS and you know it! I work in medical and Obamacare has been destructive to patients, physicians, medical facilities and taxpyrs!
Well said--but--simple yes or no question: are you going to do anything to protect your constituents from it? #WithholdConsent
Please withhold consent. Grind the senate to a halt. We will have your back.
I agree with u they should show u the bill, &use ur input. I pray middleground can b found, cause 2018 many congressmen & senators r GONE
No 1 has put together decent health care plan. If this doesn't pass, Millions will losing any care at all! States have no choices to offer.
what a gangster-like comment coming from the thugs who past Obamacare in the dark of the night using bribes/threats & never read it.
Just like democrats did to millions with high premiums & sky high deductibles making health care unaffordable and unuseable
This bill is going to kill american citizens.  There are no acceptable excuses.  Stop.  This.  Bill.
Why is that not the first thing you say regardless what committee you're in charge of?
I expect that the DEMS will stop that bill with all the power given to them in the senate!!  Stop the secrecy that will destroy our society
And you Dems passing it without knowing what was inside is any different. Hypocrite!
It was posted online for all to see and you're using a defunct argument. You're better than this.
I'm completely terrified to see this bill. What if I'm one of the ones who lose my coverage? Obamacare saved me 6mo ago when I had cancer.
Then you should go after them and not raise suspicion about Clinton! Sick of Dems going after our own! SHAME ON YOU!
Why the F can't a coalition in Congress provide the People with proper affordable healthcare?. Continued Repb/DEM debate is dispicable.
No it won't... stop lying!
I work 80hrs/wk & am full time single mom. If #AHCA passes, GoFundMe will b the ONLY shot I hv at "insuring" my disabled son. #ShowUsTheBill
HA! Too late. Already happening, without them lifting a finger, you did this, you own it.
SENATOR FEINSTEIN YOU DON'T KNOW THAT ;DON'T JUMP THE CONCLUSION!
And the question about Firing Mueller had been asked more than once & you had to ask it again we need Term Limits period
Thank you for  fighting for transparency
But we gotta pass it to see what's in it. Isn't that how these things go?
#Showusthebill !!!  Called my senators today!!!  @CoryBooker @SenateGOP Menendez
The Reason your not talking about Obamacare is it did not work it hurt millions of people & your talking about the GOP Insurance Really
I'm so sick of the GOP PLEASE LET THIS END SOIN!
Yep they switch from failing OCare to real healthcare insurance coverage which provides real coverage for pre-existing conditions too.
Like Obamacare did?  Karma is a b!tch.
The ACA or Obamacare bill was hidden until after you voted for it
Withhold your consent!
Make them show us the bill! You have to see it to vote on it right?
Glad to see this is up front on your radar screen.
Please fight for repair not repeal!!
They are cowards, traitors and greedy self-servers.
Hiding...secret...Dems would know what is in the Replace if they were willing to work on replace. Speculating Diane
I sincerely hope ALL of the Senators review this new health care bill as if you were going to have to use it yourselves.....
Support Universal Single Payer then
Why did you loons hide Obamacare before it was shoved down our throats?
Isn't that their goal?  It's criminal.
That was known but does it now include potentially worse dictates?
Thank you! Please withhold ALL consent until they #ShowUsTheBill
CALL YOUR SENATORS. 202.224.3121. FLOOD THOSE PHONE LINES. DO NOT PASS #AHCA DEMAND OPEN HEARINGS!! THIS AFFECTS EVERYONE!! RETWEET THIS
I concur. That millions will altogether lose their coverage, is certain. If Republicans were proud of a single part, we would see the bill.
Do they really think no one knows whats happening? We know who votes and how! EVERY last one will be voted out - at a minimum!
Maybe so but tell the PPL this, how many lost ins when obamacare was rammed into existance millions we know this 2 be true so your point is?
Now it's even more clear to the PPL. Your dictating to us to do what u all think is right, another reason for Trump's WIN. Amazing LOL
Nothing personal Senator, but we know who won't. We also know, WHY.....#CitizensUnited  P.S. *United* equates to .01% of the US population??
Keep fighting using every tool.  Californians are behind you!
The veil of secrecy behind the Trump Curtain
people that are paying the fine on Obamacare DON"T have health insurance either. Pick a real problem please
Sit in. Senate floor.
Do your GOP colleagues fully realize that kicking 23M citizens off healthcare would constitute an act of war against America, Senator?
Not everyone is in need as they are currently covered.. More integrity of approved patients in TRUE need and affordable options is the goal!
I can see why showing the bill is fair... It gives us a chance to be a part if the decision... Absolute facts are need to support rules.
Wait, didn't we have to pass the ACA to see what was in it?! #Hypocrite #Retire #TermLimits
Please do what you can to get Senate Healthcare bill public. It's a disgrace that it is being done secretly.
Stop the GOP Deathamaticians!
Republicans cried that Obamacare pushed thru even this 18 months of hearings and now they try to o do worse in secret knowing will hurt mill
They really don't have a health plan Trump just needs to put down the Democrats and carries on and on with a couple different words
"AHCA bad" does not = "ACA good"
We are tired of these games.
Single Payer Healthcare is the way forward.
Support it or get left behind.
Actually it would give millions a choice on healthcare and frankly we're a lot smarter than you. Good day ...
Bye
But---but---Nancy Pelosi said "We have to pass the bill to know what's in the bill" - -Do Democrats not believe that anymore? #Partypolitics
Ummm...it was over a year and a half and 100+ committee meetings. Not being passed in the dead of night.
Dead of night? No need to be so dramatic. LOL -- Ummm, it's still changing, not over yet
What's your plan to stop it, Senator? What are you doing out of the ordinary to combat this out of the ordinary misbehavior by the GOP?
Nothing. Like all Dems she's watching OCare fail & just complaining the Obama Legacy is dead.
