Oh give it a break. Work on something real for a change. Infrastructure, immigration control, tax reduction, job creation. Term limits 4 U!
We don't have to Dianne, God will.
Progress? Get them psych help, that would be progress.
America is sick of this that's why liberals are loseing all the election gays had rights but I shouldn't have it forced down my throat
What about Christians rights putting people in jail for not giving LGBT what they want against our beliefs is wrong
What about the HuffPo report that Pence wants to hang Gays. Didn’t Reagan’s inattention to AIDS already do that?
Darn right! Go Diane!
@HouseFloor @SenateFloor @USSupremeCourt Humankind plainly either one of two sexes in regard to that any transgender ought to identify.
How about the Russia bribery with Obama, Hillary and the DOJ covering up and sold U.S. out.. Why the silence ?  Crooked
Is Caitlyn Jenner still voting @GOP?
You mean mr. Olympian Jenner. What a joke he had the whole world fooled. He had his fame. I feel bad for what he did to his family shame
Thank you but please be more aggressive and ask more pointed questions. They are legalizing discrimination. -Signed, Your Constituent
Thank you Senator Feinstein.

Hahahahaha
But you WILL tolerate efforts to undermine the 1A protection of religious freedom?
What religious freedom protections are being undermined?
To practice your religion free from government interference, provided you are not harming another? Refusing to back a cake is not harm.
I strongly disagree. I’m not going to stand for these immorality tinker bell issues when we have bigger issues than homo’s
Take a knee then if you aren't going to stand for it. Oh wait, you probably hate when NFL players do it
Biblical ignorance is inexcusable in the US. Hedonistic choices will NEVER be allowed to turn America into a ROGUE nation. Gen. 18:20-19:29.
Many atheists have more knowledge of the bible than mainstream Christians. Organized religion is a cancer
You will tolerate it. Get with the program or get out! The PEOPLE have spoken. WE elected PRESIDENT @realDonaldTrump. Not @SenFeinstein.
You will tolerate this foot in your ass
Good grief grandma, you’ve been undermining progress of saving the sanctity of nature’s order for too long. U R misguided. I’ll pray for U.
Thank you Senator Feinstein!
DOJ is as crooked as trump tells him to be , they will try to block voters from voting !  Trump & Sessions are crooked as snakes 
LGBT people have broken DNA.  They should all be put in a city with a wall around it. Trump can build a second wall.
Thank you Senator Feinstein.
"@SenFeinstein: We won’t tolerate efforts to undermine progress made protecting LGBT Americans under the law."
Why is it OK to discrimate against white males but not anyone else? Why is this so called protection needed?
Lmfao I'm a white male & I can guarantee you there is no systematic discrimination against us, in fact the system was set up to favor us
We are all the same and the same laws and should apply and noone should get special treatment cause we are all the same
Agreed, no special treatment for sexist men, racist wypepo, or intolerant Christians
libtards put anyone or anything above morality,especially Christians!
They have got way too much of the same when obama the loser was president. This will change.  That’s why trump was voted in
U go @SenFeinstein !

NEW: After a soldier was killed, President @realDonaldTrump offered his family a $25K check. Then he didn't pay.  https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/world/national-security/trump-offered-a-grieving-military-father-25000-in-a-call-but-didnt-follow-through/2017/10/18/8d4cbc8c-b43a-11e7-be94-fabb0f1e9ffb_story.html …
Yes you will, if the price is right.
Thank you, Senator.
The one behind you on the left is the ugliest woman (guy)
Who’s filling your pockets Feinstein?????????????immorality
That’s what the hell is wrong with this world today. Women put there two cents in where they don’t belong. And that’s a fact Jack
I think you have more than enough to go on to hold Sessions in Contempt of Congress, Senator…
No so much...but thanks for playing.
Yeah, nice typing there, Bot Boy.  Buh-bye.
Why would you call putting boys in the girls bathrooms and people pretending not to be the sex they were born progress?!?

Even if they do get their way nothing is going to stop them from wanting more and more
Senator Feinstein is putting out a lot of leftist rhetoric now that she knows we want her out. Is this your public stance?? #WalkYourtalk

Just be thankful they're not in Saudi Arabia being thrown off a building. At the same time writing a check to Hillary
I am thankful for that but I do not approve of your obvious contempt. And I'm too broke to write a check to a politician who doesn't need it
Ignorance isn't bliss: http://bsullivan.org/health-hazards-of-homosexuality-a-book/ …
Senator, Rednecks are hugely discriminated against, made fun of, ridiculed ! They are counting on you to stand with them for their rights !
Whats your thought on Obama-era Russian SCANDAL- you know the Bribes - KICKBACKS -
Oh go away i think there is alot more important  problems  than some sexual  proclivities
No one wants to persecute LGBTLMNOP. But, if I am a Jewish baker, I should not be forced to decorate a ISIS cake.
Totally agree with you.  It is reprehensible what AG and Trump has done in this regard... trying to force their antiquated beliefs on all.
Thank you!
You look like a guy
All American Citizens should be protected under the law
@realDonaldTrump . your act to deprive our LGBT is unexceptable and deplorable. @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @Heritage . these are Americans too.
maybe your first step out of be obeying God's law
Nor should u ever,the bible belt don't  comprehend Christianity should be based on unconditional love acceptance understanding and equality
Cast the first stone!! a good kind  person will have a place at the top table if heaven exists not ppl who see diversity against their God
Right.  That’s why he personally sent federal attorneys to prosecute a hate crime.  Fake news.
But you tolerate so much death in planned parenthood actions.
Ur a liar frankenstein
Good we'll send them all to California!
Save the immoral
but you do tolerate efforts to leave our Vets homeless.
Please do not divide our families who love and accept our uniqueness in all those labels bantered about these days for politics.
But you do and will tolerate the demoralizing of the nation ?
You haven't made any progress at all unless you actually change minds. Forcing the issue accomplishes nothing but resentment.
A lifestyle choice doesn’t & shouldn’t grant anyone “extra” rights either.
You mean like religion?
Trump to Feinstein: wanna bet? I’m gonna have Roy Moore as my liaison on LGBT  matters. Good luck getting him to agree. 
You call it "progress" by putting boys into the girls' locker room?
We don’t want another conservative recession as we had with Reagan & Bush43. Move to a red state.
Protecting them from who?
What a crock of liberal bullshit
You call it progress making Christians bake cakes they don't want to bake?
You want to operate a business, then get used to obeying the laws. Want to ignore laws, then open a church!
Thant you 
Wii does not include me
Mame, those who you are marketing now and in our families are honored within and ok with so.
You represent a State thats $400M in debt 
BUTT as a Pubic Servant you made over $50M
screw the perverts! Go hav sex with a FEMALE then
California’s budget is balanced and we have an $8 billion rainy day fund. We pay as we go plus save. Hence the world’s 6th largest economy!
But Sessions will laugh as he eliminates any civil protections we have gained as soon as he can.
DOJ does not grant nor take away civil protections.  They need to get back to teaching civics in schools. #sad
My god a voice of reason thank you for speaking it.
Thank you, Senator. We need you.
good to know
How about efforts to undermine telling the truth to Congress?
