"Illegitimate President."
Arnt you talking about Obama  he is the one that liked to Brake the constitution. You are in need of a education.
#Putinbot take care of your own dictator in Russia -- stay out of my country's political discourse
Uranium One scandal has the Democrats involved all over it! The only Russians here are the Dems! Traitor criminals! #PutinsDemocratArmy
Trumpsters don't know how to read.
I had to block her, too tired today to deal with trumpster trolls
Ditto. I blocked her too.
Separation of powers!!! We clearly need better civics classes to have informed citizens! This is OUR govt & elected should be serving US!
Then you need good teachers in history depts NOT coaches who are only concerned about their sport.
Seriously, you’re blaming teachers for the state of our dysfunctioning government?!?!
I don‘t think anyone wants to blame teachers, but there‘s something seriously wrong with the educational system‘s priorities (politics)
The problem is paid for tests. Schools have to pay for those tests so instead of children learning they are taking tests.
Bingo it’s only about the test! Study just what is on the test and nothing else,so school looks great!!
As a 16 year teacher, I can tell you that not every school teaches to the test.
Oh I agree, but many do!
Agreed!!! So how do we stop him???
You won’t!!!  The liberals need stopping!!!!!
And is under investigation per Schneiderman ...
So was Clinton  and is again.   Where was your outrage then?   I'm sure you voted for her despite her being investigated
Campaigned for her too.
I'd not brag about campaigning for her.   She's a liar and criminal.   And it's been show it's HRC who did business with Russia.
You are a bot.
Name calling?   How very liberal of you
Don’t spend your rubles all in one place. Do they have Ruble Stores in Russia?
Ask Facebook fckface.
NOT OK. Hope we can count on you and your fellow senators to do something about this. America has had enough of Trump making his own rules.
Democrats are not in the majority and the republicans are selling not only their souls but their kids souls for a tax break.
I realize, but sooner or later gonna have to come a point bipartisan effort evolves to put country 1st if they want to salvage careers/seats
Any one he interviewed should be DISQUALIFIED by Congress.
We deserve to know the names of the attorneys he is interviewing! Please post!
So do something about it. Jesus Christ. We can only get enraged and vote. YOU can actually do something. Stop showboating and WORK
Another nail in the obstruction coffin? When your sycophantic colleagues in the House get 'round 2 doing their job vs 2 protecting sinecures
Then, why is he getting away with it? I love you but, WTF?!?
Ya Think? My Damn forehead is Sore from all the slapping
Donald Trump could care less about any presidential protocols. He wants the deck stacked in his favor!
Conflict of interest.
Sounds like your supporters never went to school.
SHUT UP! GO HOME! YOU DO NOTHING FOR AMERICA AND YOU HAVE NO MORAL COMPASS.
Who should interview and choose them...you????
All
Also he shouldn't have half of his family in the WH, oh but wait, they really don't have positions they just get paid for being there?
Senator what are you doing to help get Trump out of office??
You Democrat liberals should clean up your own backyard before telling others how to do their job!
#6 Senators need to swing 4#impeach!
I'm curious not a slam. Didn't President Obama, Bush and Clinton do the same? I believe the answer is yes.
No!
Congress needs to do something to stop him. The rich don't need a tax cut and Donald doesn't need a personal judge.
So why doesn't anyone ever stop him?  He appears to do every illegal act that he wants to do and all we ever see are tweets about it!
He has not done anything illegal. However Pres Obama made himself king (I voted 4 him 1st time. Not 2nd!).
NOT acceptable @MSNBC @CNNPolitics @ABCPolitics @CBSPolitics @nytimes @washingtonpost @TheLeadCNN @politico @MSNBC @maddow @AC360 @DNC
Lol. Is there an liberal hack agency you DIDNT mention?
Says the BOT @centex2017 Best for all to BLOCK bot ERIC 
I thought he divested of all his holdings to his children?

Yeah right.
Yah....for sure! This is all so messed up! Why are they letting him rewrite the rules?
He shouldn't be president either!
Then DO something about it!
What about all the govt contracts you got for your husband? Or does that not count?
But Uranium 1 / Clinton foundation connection was perfectly fine? How about the 2000 days without IG at State Dept while HRC ran amuck?
I'm so sick of hearing what Trump shouldn't be doing. Why doesn't someone do something about it?
Such a Freakin Fraud!!
@god @jesus @pontifex @santaclaus @davidpetraeus @cancel all traded eye shapes heights measurements & sizes shapers waste shaper wired image
@god @jesus @pontifex @santaclaus @bush @kensingtonroyal @cancel plans to burn wheat roses cologne & hair as oil @cancel all butt bars @vp
@god @jesus @pontifex @bush @KensingtonRoyal @davidpetraeus Undrive off your head I'm & bedum & butum & sod off sot insolent kur @QueenLizII
@god @Pontifex @jesus @santaclaus @vp @KensingtonRoyal @cancel production except just-in-time production to stop waste @Davidpetraeus58 @vp
@god @Jesus @Pontifex @santaclaus @cancel all crysalis & oil burning of anything but evil & use hydro electric natural gas & wind not people
@god @jesus @pontifex @santaclaus Unpack all Cassandra release all eye pieces un itune & un fishtune un calatune un batpee un dogbone unjana
@god @jesus @pontifex @santaclaus Unelementary my dear Watson & unSMART my dear Maxwell un youthpak my dear Capril unchild my dear Putin @vp
@Davidpetraeus58 undrop all drawers unlift all shirts unlift all skirts unhit below the belt line unskunk &unstink all @god @jesus @Pontifex
@god @jesus @santaclaus @Pontifex unswear unfuck unshit unpiss & unloser the mind control unchain & undick & unchainey @KensingtonRoyal
@god @jesus @Pontifex @santaclaus unhook Sandy Hook elementary & use no fish signs return driver's license spines & youth packs to victims
@santaclaus Unturn all the Willows & Willoughbys unturn all April & April pies unturn all Aaron & Aaronbys & Aaron lies
@god @jesus @pontifex @santaclaus Unturn all slinkies rinkies & shrinky dinkys every butt every strutt every scrutt & undone it everywhere
What can we do?
Can't U ppl do something bout this despicable authoritarian? Nepotism, fraud, lies..Good Lord, if U can't stop THIS man, America is screwed.
Yeah, we all know that.
Correct! So what will you and your fellow democratic senators being DOING about it, Senator?! We need to see some ACTION, not just talk.
This women is nuts! She feeds her husband sweet heart real estate deals using her senate power!
Bull obstructing the running of the Federal gov’t! You need to RETIRE
You’re concerned now? When HilLIARy personally profited fron uranium Russian deal? You profit from CA high speed rail!
And where a bribe stopped the legitimate felony prosecution of Ivank and Jarrod
Will you please take your butt to retirement, where you belong? Youve leached off taxpayers long enough with your nonsense
And who is going to stop him??  Nobody so save your breath.  Crooked government and American people have not voice in this Admin.
Don’t recall you protesting anything Obama did as he filled the swamp with creatures and distain for the law. Election year?
... where he has personal, business, & CRIMINAL interests. Let's not leave out little things like racketeering, money laundering, collusion.
Everyday!!!!!........WTF ......It's like we are living in a BANANA REPUBLIC!!!!!  (and a reality show hosted by an evil clown) #IMPEACHNOW
#termlimitsnow you need to retire Feinstein. You are out of touch with reality.
He SHOULD NOT be doing a lot of things, but he IS & the entire GOP is letting him. History will not be kind to these complicit, men & women!
Say it! Where he is under investigation for money laundering, racketeering.
Stop him!
And yet you want to work with him? How
Another day, another Constitutional violation. We say this http://every.day . 

When does anyone do ANYthing? #GOPCORRUPTAF
He can do as he pleases. Did just fine without your help
And what is anyone going to do?  We know it is one of many things wrong, but no action. I want to hear people in  Congress screaming!!
Congress is doing nothing, fear of Trump's base has them paralyzed. Republicans r
facing the fact that the majority of R voters r Trump fans
Well what are all of you Going to DO about this new corrupt act?? What safeguards are there to stop this level of corruption? NONE!
Conflict of interest, separation of powers , emoluments clause, executive overreach.  What else is there to say about this disgrace?
Would it be up to is DOJ to stop him from doing this?
ahem..his DOJ
#Rewind to November 1,2016 wish we all knew then what we know now. I miss @BarackObama and @MichelleObama in the #WhiteHouse
That's your job, Senator
conflict of interest much?
Unreal!
es antietico
#ImpeachTrumpNow
He has every right to every right to you need to shut up and retire
Wrong again fruit loop from NY find people he know did business with and from NY again lost in the woods with no map@lostlibtard
He's the President of all the states @SenFeinstein  he's in executive branch, you are not.
Everyone talks that it’s wrong but it’s just talking and no action.
In that case, I hoe they pick one he rejects.
#ImpeachtRump
So stop him
The Senate must stop this ongoing disregard for the law!
Yeah he needs to get one from the conservative south
Did Sen. Grassley object, or give his okay through silence?
What are you doing about it is what we want to know?
You think he's closing in on getting the hang of the job? You said he just needed time. Maybe you can have lunch with him and give him some governing 101 pointers. He'd be so grateful and attentive.
This is what obstruction looks like.
How do we shame a man with no moral center?
Trump is the most unethical President ever. When he is gone remember and pass laws to protect us from future wannabe dictators.
Totally agree, I think congress needs to reclaim and use their equal to but separate status. Americans need to stand up and speak out.
File this under w for well duh...
When Will you call for the IMPEACHMENT OF TRUMP
Oh thanks for fucking my life up over pointing shit out.
Where on the list of things Trump shouldn't be doing does this go? 10, 100, 1000?
Why not? You guys lie too. My wife turns on me ever time some money comes. She gave out son's life insurance money away. Won't help us out
if it's not against the law it is permissible.
We are watching
SO STOP HIM!!!
What would Republicans say if Obama interviewed fed judges for the Chicago area? They would have lost there minds.
Trump’s as crooked and rotten as bad teeth.
Seriously, you can't do a thing about it. The #WhiteNationalist  are in charge
Senator,we the people are sick of all the tweet and no action. You all resemble a bunch of clowns trying to cram into a VW Bug. Embarrassing
Clarification, he's interviewed ONLY candidates from NY & DC, where he has business, none of the other 91 candidates. Corruption.
WH: What, me worry?
The Dotard is trying to decided who will be the  most loyal. We know you must pledge your loyalty to the king. #ISTOPPEDAT44
I Agree!
Seems you might be in a good position to do something about it. Yeah?
He shouldn't be doing half of what he does. But there are NO checks and balances. He's a grafter, and he will only get worse !
He had a God complex
Trump needs to be impeached. Our representatives need to get this done.
Violates PublicTrust & Stinks 2HI-HEAVENEveryNY'r=Known it=40YRSHE's=ShamelessPig &⫸HE WON'T STOP UNTIL SOME1 STOPS HIMAMERICA"sTERRIFIED
eventually, the terror will pass and terror will switch to outrage the race is to see if he can become dictator before the outrage hits.
T is also being investigated by NY AG 4 criminal conduct??
Trump always, ALWAYS, GOES TOO FAR.
Hannibal Lecter might think him rude. Oh oh!
Trump’s hubris will be his undoing...
He has business all over the world! WTH.
@scott_catharine Where r the checks & balances, I thought the constitution was foolproof ??How is this moron getting away it??
Seriously 45 should step down from office the most corrupt individual in WH conflict of interest/collusion/nepotism/Russian influences
This is truly Alarming! In a normal ethical administration both the Attny Gen & Judicial Committees would make big deal of this
Do something about it
Let see #grassrootsadvocate for victims of abuse & suicide & AA & NA and supporter for #nastygirl ...not complaining #womanhood#coffeeup
Well do something. You are in DC to work for us. Get going on either removing Trump or curbing his craziness
Thank you Senator Feinstein, for calling out the improper way in which Pres. Trump is interviewing potential U.S Attorney's.
As long as U can #Congress  & #Senate stand aside & let this happen you are part of the problem! @SenateFloor @Housefloor
25th or impeach.  I'll take either.
No surprise. He’s a liar, his lackeys lie for him, he needs to be impeached and get jail time.
welp, who's gonna stop The D.C. Apprentice Show?
Hippocrite
He shouldn't be. Who will stop him?
How else can he ask them to pledge their loyalty to him and kiss the ring?? #Resist
Please Impeach soon
Then do something about it!!
Something needs to be done about this.
Particularly those that are from his Lawyers firm. Shouldn't be doing it period but we all know why he is. He's looking for another lier.
Wouldn't this be coseidered a conflict of interest?
He and his mafia crime family break the law every day. The GOP does nothing.
Do something to stop him! Nothing is being done to curtail the insane @POTUS How much longer before Action!?!?
Conflict of interest is the norm in the new Whitehouse!
when the pressure on trump it seems to be a distracting diaster
agree
He’s attempting to bypass #Mueller. To prevent pardoning, NY FL & DC  on standby to prosecute at State level which is out of Trump’s reach!
What can you do to STOP HIM? This corruption and blurring lines with #emoluments clause all need to be stopped #Democracy is under threat
He is corrupt @SenFeinstein you know it and we know it. They cannot be confirmed @SenWarren @SenBobCasey @RepAdamSchiff
Do something ! Impeach!
Who will stop him? Clearly not those we elected to represent us...
But who or what’s to stop him?
Do something about this NOW!! You and Congress have the power to stop @realDonaldTrump the Orange Orangutan 
President Trump should NOT be doing a lot of things. But he is. Who is going to stop him? When will the Dems step up to the plate??? 
No shit, Sherlock - you'd think it's pretty obvious, hunh?
@realDonaldTrump shouldn't open his mouth or show up at work in the morning, but he does it every day to the disgust of America.
Why isnt that some type conflict of interest? He'll be "colluding" w/AGs who will possibly be in charge of cases against him-How can that be
But he's getting away w/ it! Or how about when his nominees take their posts w/o being confirmed? R any Dems in Congress resisting this?
Blatant Corruption right in front of everyone eyes. So what are you going to do about it???
Sen Feinstein, can you get everyone to focus on lawsuit for emoluments clause? Just watched interview with Sally Chayes.
Then WHY is he doing this where r the ethics ppl bc we knw wat he did wth COMEY, DT crosses every line no regard for perceptions at all!!
He just does whatever he freaking pleases & nothing happens. His sycophant staff & the mealy-mouthed GOP are gainful enablers.
Be a senator and do something. Less talk more action.  Please
Well this needs to be stopped, he is acting as an Authoritarian leader.
It's time to drain the Swamp!  We support Sessions as the Attorney General! It's time Prosecute the Clinton's and all of the corrupt!
Why is psycho still in the White House??
How else will trump know, if the US Attorneys will approve of trumps gropping pussies of married women (not his wife), from time to time?
Well we know Session isn’t going to do his job ... so as our reps what are u all going to do ... this IS very serious!
Well...stop him! I hear a lot of you complaining but nothing ever happens.
This would be totally obvious to a normal reasonable person who's not morally & ethically bankrupt. Sad #45 is exact opposite!
aside from tweeting about this what #action are you taking?
You are absolutely right.  What action are you planning to take  regarding this issue?
There's a lot he SHOULD NOT do but somehow, always does. 
You’ve seen the evidence haven’t you?
45 is a dotard that should be impeached.  why isn't this being done?
UR  All Missing the Big Issue with Him: Since 2013, He eats Vicodin like Candy! Have him Take a Urine Test- U will get all the Proof U Need?
So where is the outrage? We the people must write,tweet,call our senators and reps and scream" WE WANT ACTION AGAINST 45."
He will, as he has little care for or understanding of things ethical.
Before this is done the impacts of 45 will last longer than just the time if his administration.  Please fight him hard.
Then remove those names from consideration.  The appearance of wrong is enough to fire federal employees
Since when has Trump cares the slightest bit about ethics?  If he did, he wouldn't have a string of lawsuits trailing after him like (1)
toilet paper stuck to his shoe... (2)
#impeachnow
Quite right, he should be reviewing Miss Manners columns in the WAPO - much more to gain from that https://www.washingtonpost.com/lifestyle/advice/miss-manners/ …
So true!
No one will stop him though. And no one will forget the GOP of 2017.
1. Separation of Powers
2. Possible Osbstruction
3. Conflict of Interest
4. Perversion of justice
Yall should probably do something then Dianne. You all have been "concerned" about "bizzare" behavior for a while without any action.
Thank you for speaking out against trump & standing up for our Democracy
But it's ok for Mueller to hire nothing but Clinton attorneys to conduct an "impartial" investigation?  Another example of your hypocrisy
he’s doing a lot of things that he shouldn’t be doing question is what are YOU going to do about it?
Anything he SHOULDN'T do, he does. Anything he SHOULD do, he doesn't. Inept and uncaring!
But D.C.
So many tweets that want to blame education. I call bs, this is not about ed, it's about people voting for the moron/lying Trump.
