A "gun room" in his house. 23 guns in his hotel room. Somebody smart once said you can't simultaneously prepare for and prevent war.
Your bill is woefully small. It further enshrines the real problem. How about legislation to stop stockpiling? Stop sale of semi-auto?
Considering the opposition to ANY gun control legislation, one step at a time is the only option right now. This is significant start.
Pragmatic. But this meet-them-halfway approach cedes too much, and further normalizes insanity, IMO. At least fight for a reg database.
No one expressed fear of anyone owning guns. Being polite also goes a long way in making your point.
I apologize sincerely, it frustrates me to no end when people talk about gun control as if that is the problem, research shows guns have
Admittedly, I’ve not heard of or seen this research, but 2 many lives R unnecessarily lost. There R sensible measures that can reduce this.
How about we send the hospital bills of all those affected by this tragedy as well as the funeral bills straight to the NRA & republicans?
The nra isnt responsible for the in incident.
A poor insult yet no rebuttal. If you have nothing smart to say its best to not speak.
Oh I have something to say but it's obv you have your mind made up against any challenge to your precious guns so it's not worth trying.
In otherwords you have nothing to say. Therefore i win the argument.
Haha keep telling yourself that snowflake, I know it's what helps you sleep at night with all your participation trophies.
Sure...
Unless this confiscates ALL bump-stocks, this is for looks only.
How many years have you failed at gun legislation Senator?
There are tens of thousands already sold.
The vast majority bought at a store.
They can be confiscated.
Why do you accept weak gun control?
Your senator alone cannot effect change, it requires @gop and they won't do a damn thing because they are bought by the @nra
She's been at it for 25 years.
She was in the majority party.
She's done nothing
She's bought by Wall St.
She doesn't give a damn about us.
2. Can't have you peasant slaves having parity with the (exempt) elite lords and masters, now can we?
#Putinbot
@realDonaldTrump Obama adm liberal policies made it possible and Donald Trump wasn't around. Why ignore and not recognize their failure?
....amazing that she calls the bump stock a “loophole” when it was all done during and allowed by the Obama Administration....
That's simply not true.  It has always been legal.  And it is irrelevant.  We want these laws now and don't care who implements them
Aren't you the same person that answered "NO GUN LAWS COULD HAVE PREVENTED THE VEGAS MASSACRE" ???
Also, thank former Prez Obama for making Bump Stocks legal ... works for you dems when it needs too huh??
No one 'made' them legal.  No one cares about the past or Obama we need these laws NOW
Appreciate the effort, but this is a mistake, unless you're also banning the semi-automatic weapons themselves. Incrementalist won't work.
They aren’t if you have a tax stamp.
Q: Do you actually read the current laws before tweeting? A: No.
You lying old bag
You are misleading the public with your lack of knowledge about guns and your politicizing a horrific tragedy.  Bump stocks can be easily made by someone familiar with guns, or even printed with a 3D printer. Laws don't stop murderers. Obama chose not to go this route in 2010.
Thank you.
....amazing that @SenFeinstein calls the bump stock a “loophole” when the Obama run ATF approved it...sort of reminds me of when she referred to a magazine as a “clip”, super ignorance....
Ban for all assault type weapons needs to be reinstated. # of killed & injured would have been considerably less if he did not have ARs
Then he would’ve just drove a uhaul truck down a crowded street. #banmotorvehicles
What NO MENTION of your savior Obama who could of outlawed "BUMP STOCKS" in 2010. It ALL your faults.  #GodDamnHypocrites
Cool so you do want laws then? Can we please hurry up and make it a law or are you going to keep whining that it hasn't been a law all ready?
You don't need more than a 15 round magazine in a semi auto for hunting or home defense.  If you do then you need more time at the range.
Stick to poetry
Thank you for doing something. I'm afraid to live in my own country #LasVegasShooting #GunControl
There’s two different ones north and south. Take your pick.
Possession needs to be made a crime
Or make it as hard to buy bullets as it as to buy Sudafed.
Everytime I buy Sudafed, pharmacy asks for my drivers license. They enter my information in their system. I deal with it, if I want Sudafed.
I'm not seeing the big difference between this and a registry for when a gun is bought. If you want the gun, you deal with it.
Is their a NICS background check when you buy SUDAFED? Can you still buy it if your a felon? What’re you even arguing about?
Good, there is no reason for a regular citizen to have automatic weapons. You can’t use them to hunt or anything else legally. But this is is far as we should go with gun control! Let the law abiding citizens have their guns
Actually you CAN hunt with an automatic weapon.
Make it illegal to sell or own a bump stock & make it a Fed offense to alter a semi auto firearm into a fully automatic.
Any good shooter can empty a 30 round mag in less than 2-3 seconds with only the movement of a single finger. You’re wasting your breath
No type of firearm should be illegal per 2a.
The success of a country is measured in its ability to overcome its own taboos and outdated traditions..
When will be the toll high enough for you to say that the pleasure of playing with guns doesn’t pay off the price in deaths?
What is it with you Americans with guns.. can’t you draw the line between people carrying guns and people shooting people?
You do not need a bump fire stock to simulate full auto with an AK-47. New law will do nothing, Video below:
Bump stocks are a distraction from the real problem

Stop getting distracted from actually protecting us from guns and making America safer
It should start with that.
400 dead black kids in Chicago this year butchered and no Dem cares.But 1 white guy fires a gun...Shame on you.
Thank you Senator! A step in the right direction. Now please do everything you can to pass more strong gun safety laws.
Banning sale is not enough. Must ban ownership.
We have illegal drugs but drug problems exist, 9/11 cause horrific loss of life, should we ban planes? U play politics during mourning, sad!
Thank you for taking this step. We look forward to your continued leadership and loud, public and unwavering opposition to the gun lobby.
Thats politicians for u. They make as much sense as foam HAMMERS to drive METAL nails.
again your claims regarding bump stocks are false.
Guns aren't the issue, it's people. Take away guns and the lunatics will still get them. Won't pass, 2nd Amendment, NRA won't allow it.
You realize that they can be made with a 3D printer.  Going to ban them also?  #bumpstocks #GunControlDoesntWork
If bump stocks are a loop hole then why did Obama's atf decide not 2 regulate them in 2010.U did nothing related 2 gun control in 09 & 10
Obama's ATF opened up this "loophole". Where was your concern back then?
Problem with more laws is that you have to get criminals to be compliant.  Good luck with that.  Didn’t work with immigration laws either.

Don't go.
Common Sense law, Thank you Senators.
Automatic weapons are legal, but heavily regulated. NFA is 83 years old. Almost as old as you. Time to retire both.
Where was your objection to these attachments when Obama’s ATF cleared them for sale in 2010?
Bump-Stocks do NOT change a semi-auto’s rate of fire CAPABILITY. Given semi-auto has a physical cycle rate, with or without a bump-stock.
Thank you for standing up for our public safety
If that shooter was using Bump Stocks then don't you think that those things should be illegal too.
Thanks. I hope you follow through and let the rest of the sending Congress will vote for this bill. Enough is enough.
Ban bump stocks, high-capacity magazines, and armored piercing ammunition.  

#SensibleGunLaws
I agree w/ all three of these. I don't understand why a citizen would need these things anyway. This is reasonable without going too far.
Our  children, small children were obliterated  by man with a gun in  Scotland. We banned pistols. Fucking he'll, what is wrong with NRA
It is rare the police would find the use of an automatic weapon practical. I do believe rifles carried by troops are semi-automatic.
Thanks for trying, but we all know republicans care more about elections than people's lives.
Reality:  it was the Obama admin that wrote the opinion giving the go ahead for bump stocks.
Empty gesture.  Can make bumpstock out of a few strips of metal from hardware store.  You just want to make an issue out of nothing.
@H_Combs @rosemcgowan Automatic weapons are illegal, including 1 that was converted. Creating more laws for shooters to break doesn't work.
****That loophole was approved by Obama in 2010
And that is why you have my support and vote.
Thank you senator!!!
I'm sure glad the crooks will abide by this law!
#Senators don't bug me. @SenFeinstein  makes me violently ill. That makes no sense. I'm introducing a bill to ban #Feinstein. #2A #NRA #puke
That’s a great start, but I hope that’s not the end of the discussion. Keep up the good work.
You should have just reinstated the assault weapons ban after Obama won his 1st election...you chose to allow GOP super minority to stop everything the voters wanted
How about we renew the assault weapons ban?
U exempt yourself from anti-gun legislation "political subdivision". Good for me but not for thee? #Hypocrite
@NRA @DLoesch @realDonaldTrump
What I can I do to help get this passed? Thank you for taking action.
Bump-Stock Device Received ATF Green Light During Obama Administration:
Thank you, Senator Feinstein! There is a lot to be done on gun control and reform, but this is a good first step.

With some training and trigger alterations, a semi-auto weapon can approach rate of fire of a "bump stock" equipped weapon
LOUDER DI
And they hide the flash so Sniper
Yes
Oh boy, I already see problems with this bill. To say that the only reason for these devices is to kill large numbers of people is false.
IS THAT THE ONE THAT @DonaldJTrumpJr LOVED LOVED  LOVED  !!!! 
CAN'T WAIT FOR ALL THE TRUMPS TO BE IN JAIL !!!
Thank you!!!!!!!!!
Yep.....toally illogical to permit bumpstocks....two legals make an illegal now per gop logic...n barrel mags too...n belt loading mags...
U DONT HAVE A CLUE. NOT A CLUE. WHEN U DONT KNOW ANYTHING. STFU AND LEARN
The only loophole I see is you!
Clearly you don't even know what the f*ck you're talking about. Let me guess you're such a weapons expert
Wanna know what happened in L V?  Read ( for content) the Holy Quran.The shooter followed EXACTLY insstr
Senator If U R wanting to read about the shooting inLV? For content only, Read the HOLY QURAN. ITS INSTRUCTIONS FOR EXTRAS WITH ALLAH.
Thank you Senator Feinstein for starting somewhere to stop the gun violence
Thank you for your efforts. Don’t give up.
Guns are for cowards and criminals. No such thing as a responsible gun owner. Everyone is 1 until THEY ARE NOT. 2/3 of suicides R guns haha
No. What type of person writes "ha ha" after suicide statistics? What's wrong with you?
are you going to outlaw rubber bands too?  They work quite well in a pinch


So is modifying the sear too. Evil lurks in many. So does mental health issues. Look at those points first!
Any Republican support?
rubber bands are the poor mans bump fire device

good luck with the ban
I’m no gun expert but pretty sure bump stocks do not make a weapon full auto. Internals do. Bumps just aid in full auto firing
For once, I actually agree with you. & I’m a strong supporter of the NRA.
https://youtu.be/U7DTjSla-O8   Still on YouTube: HOW TO murder hundreds....
One new reg requires two current regs being eliminated. Which two gun regs r u willing to eliminate? @realDonaldTrump
https://youtu.be/U7DTjSla-O8  YouTube, USA TACTICAL should be sued for this Video!
It doesn't make any sense? I believe it gained approval when Obama and your team had all the power???
Thank you. We need more than this but this unquestionably a start
Thank you, also limitations on the numbers of guns per person
You will amend a "loophole" so that someone can create another. Have you tried to fix loophole for "If you like your plan, you can keep it?"
And do you promise it stops here and that you won't go full repeal? If so, you could convince me to make a deal on this issue
What about suppressors?
Hi Dianne. Why did the Obama administration legalized these things to begin with?
But you've been in WA for 20 fucking yrs & did nothing 2 prevent massacres w/these rifles. Plz resign so we can elect someone up 2 the task!
just please make sure it has no pork! #GunControlNow
Thank you, Senator. Fight hard.
Nope. Not acceptable. Sorry.
It will change nothing.  Criminals will continue to be criminals.  Any half-wit can make a bump stock.
Making something illegal doesn't necessarily mean they cannot purchase the weapon illegally. You're not closing any hole.
While Dems scream about more gun control, remember Obama's gun control didn't pass the Senate because of Dems taking $ from NRA
How about just banning assault weapons again?
Omg someone tell this Old Jew to go sit down somewhere. They carry automatic weapons around in Israel where's your cry to make that illegal

Ok, Senator, I cannot believe I am saying this to a liberal, as a registered Republican, but I totally agree with your Bill.
Sincerely, thank you @SenFeinstein. You are a true patriot
I think the government is afraid of the NRA.
That’s doing just slightly more than nothing.  Congress needs to act on comprehensive reform of gun laws.
Too many gun loopholes it must get under control.

Automatic weapons are not illegal, because you do not have the authority to make them so. Just as you have none to make bump stocks illegal.
Best of luck!  Really.  But I'm not holding my breath it will pass.  The GOP wants everyone to have the equivalent of grenade launchers.
Automatic weapons are illegal in SOME  states. Your state is not the whole US. At least you could start by telling the truth.
Thank you Senator.
You go!  Please make the language to "increase rate of fire".
November 10, 2020: "...and with the results coming in pushing the electoral count over 270, the winner is...DONALD TRUMP!" Prepare.
STOP THE MADDNESS
STOP with the bills. Senator Ted Kenndy tried to ban bathtubs when a mother of four drowned her children in one!
Thank you!! Finally - something that makes total sense!
Thank you !
Cool! Bullets next.
I'm looking forward to watching your bill fail. You want to move past this and keep transgressing on rights. Remember conservatives vote.
It won’t pass because the Republican Party is in the pocket of the NRA and you know it
Thank you. It's a start.
You gotta start somewhere, @SenFeinstein. I know you've been working this issue for years, and I support your efforts.
Yes, @SenFeinstein - take away more of our rights. Strip our freedoms. Spit on our constitution. Because one lunatic defected.
Way to let this maniac win.
Thank you!
Senator do u think your Congressional colleagues will be able 2 withstand the powerful gun manufacturers lobby, when they get wind of this?
Tighten every measure possible
Like a new law will fix anything? You have totally lost touch with reality
Let’s see how fast the republican NRA puppets vote it down.
Thank you.
Hey Diane seems awfully quick to introduce this legislation... like it was already written; ready to go. Really makes you think.
Thank you!
thank you.
Thank you for your leadership
Thank you!  We also need to get rid of laws that prohibit agencies from researching gun violence to come up with reasonable gun controls.
.@NRA @GOP
WARNING: They are actively planning massacres in YOUR town,too. Its like birth control=if you’re not preventing it—it’s coming
Good 1st step, but you have been in Senate a long time, u need a few of your republican  peers to  co-sponsor
Let's see who is brave enough
Sorry to say I doubt it'll pass. Nra $s  go to gop.
Didn't go far enough. Doesn't appease me. No citizen needs a semi automatic to protect himself.
Thank you
 I 

I needed to hear that. Also need to talk about SHARE Act that deregulates policies on silencers/ armor piercing bullets
Thank you, @SenFeinstein.
Thats why I Love you!
Someone check on Hell, make sure it isn't frozen over. Even owning many firearms, I find myself siding with our Senator on this one.
WHY was that done before this???????
Exactly
This should have been done a long time ago. There is no reason for these powerful guns to be in anyone’s hands but our militaries.
Exactly
Adolf Hitler was a socialist who confiscated guns in Germany. Basically the same thing as today's Democratic Party in America.
So why is one illegal thing an outrage. But you want to keep criminal illegal aliens in? Do you even know what "illegal" means?
You should outlaw the hammer he used to smash out the window while your at it. We need strict hammer control
Great! Hope it passes!

Thank you Senator.
Thank you @SenFeinstein !
When the police searched the scene, they did find bump stocks. But they don't believe he used them. There are many ways to make a semi auto weapon automatic without using a bump stock. Besides banning it will just put it on the black market and there will be even more crime.
This shows how incredibly out of touch you really are senator.
Good. Now let's see who votes no.
I'm glad to read you included the other auto-fire methods. News is only reporting bump-stock. This is a good 1st step. I hope it passes.
You need to throw out anything you wear that has a belt loop then.
Don't worry. We all prayed, so situation solved, right?
Some people have fast fingers too...no joke.
But your lord and savior Obama, said they were legal and he couldn't do anything about them.
Don’t break your arm patting yourself on the back.
Thank you, Senator Feinstein.
too little too late IM (dem) O.  how much blood is already on the hands of lawmakers who refuse to confront this issue?
The blood is on the hands of the perpetrator. Quit placing blame where blame doesn't belong.
Please don't allow silencers!!!!
It's not a silencer, it's a "suppressor", and you should find out how they work before you make an ass of yourself again.
Thank you and I am  so glad your daughter did not go to the concert.
On what Planet Does this Apply - Feinstein's Human Logic https://youtu.be/nk1XU2tkAe0  via @YouTube
Amen.
It's not a 'loophole' it's a device that you want to ban...
Looks like Nevada needs to buckle down on their gun regulations. They have a lot of nervous tourists that might go elsewhere. #GunSense
Tell your members of Congress to say NO to the gun silencers provision in the #SHAREAct:
Um...yea, it's called a "suppressor", and it doesn't silence. The level of ignorance is high.
