Surely, Trump would rather see confederate monuments.
Oh , but the monuments !! Maybe if you didn't support /spending $ on the illegals
Thanks Dianne!
#Trump has no respect for California Monuments but wants to preserve some moldy old monuments of traitors of United States  Go figure.
Thank you @SenFeinstein
The federal government should relinquish everything back to the American people.
Why isn't turning these lands over to the state of California on the list of options?
Well now I know why the democrats are going after what they think is Trumps monuments. It's just a game to you.
Sure get rid of national monuments for profit but fight to keep confederate monuments
Thank you Senator. Maybe if our monuments were statues to Confederate leaders Trump would like them!
Come on fight back
We need to prevent this and keep these precious lands as monuments. We need to fight to keep these areas protected!
I don't think Trump is ignorant enough to touch California. We will chew him up and SHIT him out!!!
As long as they're not monuments to slavery & racism...
What about our monuments being destroyed in cities across this nation? THIS HAS NOTING TO DO WITH RACE BUT THE DESTROYING OF HISTORY!
Please don't let them take these lands for profit of a few!
How do you feel about Antifa. Never heard you utter a syllable about that group.
your protesting friends will remove them,
Land existed before monument status.  Better access and lower cost to access under BLM management as well.
Visit, work, volunteer, donate.  And thank our Senators and Representatives for fighting for California.
as long as they don't contain anything offensive to minorities or are named after historical figures deemed too offensive to talk about.
These sound like monuments to 'white supremacy' rule. Dimos & their anarchist friends should demand their removal
Fake news.
You Don't seem to mind tearing down our monuments, & statues. You started this new civil war.
Maybe if we say they are part of confederate history @realDonaldTrump will leave them alone.
You Californians have enough land locked away to give your homeless untold acres.  A chance at better life. Your policies let them 
You liberals  lock away land like the Kings of England did in the feudal era. Government is the steward of our lands. Not the owner. 1
Half of California is government owned. It seems excessive.
, We have more unique treasures. Plus 90 million people. It's PEOPLE that are excessive.
What-no comment on the Presidents speech tonight. It was excellent and will undo years of Obama's terrible military decisions!
And a bunch of Confederate monuments are at risk.....Leave ALL monuments alone!!
Surprised your not blaming trump for this
*You're
Those monuments are beautiful works of art but what they represent is like of large hand giving the bird two black America find them a place
It's your followers that are tearing them down
Seems to me the liberals are the ones putting monuments at risk...why do you only see what you want to see?
Lots of National Treasures are being destroyed including the flag & many monuments around the country - mostly by Dem-supported groups!
But don't touch those Confederate statues.
Omg. What is this admin doing? What it is money making money that is it.  All the treasures we have are being destroyed.
California has so much tax money wasted on same sex bathrooms. State could by the property and save the places as parks.
Too late. You let them make up any lies they wanted to about clinton, now they are going to treat your monuments the same way.
On but he cries about a bronze statue of Stonewall Jackson erected by the Klan during Jim Crow
WE MUST SAVE OUR NATIONAL MONUMENTS FROM BEING ERASED BY GREEDY INSENSITIVE REALATORS.THANKS, SEN. DIANNE FEINSTEIN.
He seeks punishment and revenge on CA for the huge loss in CA and strength of dems! @tedlieu @RepSpeier @RepMaxineWaters @RepBarbaraLee  you
Don't forget Senator @KamalaHarris and @RepAdamSchiff 
Face it, he hates everyone in California except his toady @DevinNunes
Ran out of characters!
Federal government should have stayed out of it from the beginning
, Are you saying there should be NO national parks????
Although a president has the unilateral authority to create monuments, the Antiquities Act contains no provision for him to revoke...
...and the 1976 Federal Land Policy Management Act explicitly prohibits the interior secretary from revoking or modifying a monument.
Time for another Donald Trump specialty -- the pointless and losing court case.
#TrumpResign
Tear those monuments down!!!!
wait!!! monument? sounds offensive!!! tear them down!! what if @realDonaldTrump said no then you would right?
you're rt, POTUS touches nat'l monuments he'll wage war w/Californians! He wants 2 save confederate statues & destroy r parks?
I don't know about the trees but Trump said the statues should be decided by the states
you wouldn't know that because you watch CNN
and yet he wants to save the 'beautiful' Confederate statues :(
Here in California were in danger of you staying a senator here in California with your gang and you're over spending habits
Yes. Tell him the redwoods are confederate trees.
If you told Democrats the trees were Confederate they would burn them down
So the obstructions want to play
Thank you, Sen Feinstein. My husband @Scott_2519 & I LOVE being CA residents & enjoy our outdoor treasures.
Tear them down. I'm sure they offend someone..lol
How about you work to protect americans from illegal immigrants stealing public services and tax payer funds

What about all the Confederate statues that are important to the Democrats who put them up
That's a part of your history

Keep your slaves

LOL !!!!
He'll trade you those for the Confederate monuments. Howbowdah?
Only 5 your doing good because all monuments are at risk nation wide
The obvious question; what can we do?
Racist statues he tries to save. Actual beautiful monuments he destroys
Slap a 'General Lee' plaque on them and he'll support them.
If you care so much for monuments, do you stand for the protection of historical monuments?
Fight for shared treasure.
