You don't believe in Medicare for all, why in the world should we listen to you
First, we #SaveTheACA & #SaveMedicaid.  Then we work to pressure Feinstein & other politicians to support #MedicareForAll.
Democrats just killed M4A in California. If they passed it, it wouldn't matter if GOP repeal ACA. Because M4A would cover Californians.
That #SB562 is on indefinite hold by the Assembly is a disgrace, and everyone here in CA needs to tell the legislature to do its job.
But there is an additional layer here: #SB562 would work in large part because most current healthcare spending in CA is publicly funded.
#AHCA/#BCRA would gut Medicaid funding.  That would mess up the current funding model for #SB562.
So even if #SB562 does go forward after pressure by the CA public, we must also work to block #AHCA/#BCRA.
And, of course: #AHCA/#BCRA would kill tens of thousands of people per year outside of California.  We must prevent that.
Nursing homes claim they barely make money, but yet they all have private planes and owners living in luxury.
And as a Canadian and seeing my grandma with alzeimers and who's placed in a nursing home you need care! you need to think of them!
FACT: Dianne Feinstein is bad for California and America !!! It is time for Dianne Feinstein to RESIGN !!!
All Americans should have the same healthcare that Congress and their families have.
Trump _wants_ #AHCA/#BCRA.  It would give him a tax cut.  He wants to cause the mass death of Americans & give himself $80 per death.
jeopardizes? Does it mean they won't have coverage unless a family member pays for it?
Yup!
so not only there own families healthcare premiums go up but they have to pay the nursing home for dying parents. Good for economy NOT!
There are filial laws in 30 states that can force children to pay for their parents nursing home care. A cheap place is $3000. a month.
Fact: no need to defend #Medicaid with proper universal #healthcare in place. How much more money do you need, Senator?
It wouldn't be an issue if the power were delegated to the people directly. Let us choose which programs our taxes support.
Fact:  The GOP health care bill INCREASES Medicaid spending every year from now until 2026.
My mom can't get any other insurance because of her disability.
Fact not all low income people get any kind of govt assistance. In fact I pay so others can get free crap thanks to u
Where did you get your numbers ?? Kinda like the Democrats polling numbers fora Clinton win ???
I feel for those people
@SenateDems @NancyPelosi @HouseDemocrats Defeat #MEAN #Trumpcare. Then #SinglePayer. We deserve an #NHSforUSA. #MedicareForAll
We already have a big homeless problem. We don't need for those poor souls to become homeless, too.
These are seniors who have been in the work force & paid taxes longer & likely were in military service. Sure isn't right.
Fact u have a chl even though you try to dismantle the 2nd amendment every day!!!
Jeopardizes my mom in Fla nursing home!
Cheap scare tactics from you and Pelosi.  Have you no shame?  Obamacare is bankrupt and business is leaving CA.  You are negative.
Like Ofailurecare. Hypocrite
Certainly all of the Trump supporters will agree to give up their careers in order to provide 24/7 care for their aged parents. Right?
Those 3 in 5 just need to go get a job, according to heartless POS @KellyannePolls Isn't that right, kelleyanne?
And @KellyannePolls wants them to get jobs. How does she sleep at night?
Until these issues actually hit these same republicans,  no solution in sight. Must have their skin in the game! Cancel their insurance!
Legislators who vote for #Trumpcare are mercenary murderers, contracted and paid for by the lobbyists and the ultra rich.
Fact:  Projection of actual Washington $$$ beyond 4 years is a complete JOKE and YOU ALL KNOW IT!
Medicaid, housing, food stamps, prop-47 vagrants, pre-school, after school, affirmative action, disability, rehab, unemployment bene, pay me
Revise and Repair Obamacare
it improves Medicaid & as per D.C.politics as usual, not very soon.
LIES LIES LIES !!! Three strikes again !!!
Senator, when this bill fails pls work with GOP to find middle ground. Americans benefit the most when Congress works
My dad a WW II Navy vet had dementia & had his care paid partially by #Medicaid #NursingHomeDiversion Program. Thank God in heaven for that
Stopped listening to Representatives in CA when you gave yourselves a raise while the rest of us are ignored & taxed.
Medicaid covers after all their assets over $2000 are gone
Yes...but @KellyannePolls said they can all get jobs and have insurance under their employers!
Good let the state take care of the sick, give up some of your money to pay for the sick huge forehead @SenFeinstein
So 3 of 5 nursing home patients are under 65? Keep taxing California residents into the poor house.
Sad!  Time for new ideas and modernization to replace failing system. How about that, Democrats!
Thank you @SenFeinstein for speaking out. Please keep it up. We, Californians, and the rest of the country need your voice in Congress!
GOP should tour the place my disabled cousin lived & died. It's so basic. It's the least we can do. Why scrape that for tax cuts 4 rich?
the 1st statement may/may not be a fact. The 2nd statement is nothing more than hateful rhetoric. #DemocratsLiesMatter #lies

Again you are talking thru your butt, typical career polictican
Senator, instead of complaining, why dont you be proactive. I.e. Teach how to save your money so you don't take tax dollars for your care!
According to @KellyannePolls they can all get jobs with employer provided healthcate like she has.
Hi, as a taxpayer&citizen instead of compliaing why not publically offer ur willingness 2 work with the President .Put politics aside .Thx
Just called your office, got message "Call back during normal business hours! 8a.m.-7p.m."  It was 3:57 pm (PST)   SAD!
Also sent you an email months  ago about conflicts of interest. Barely got a reply a month ago. @BarackObama office replied to me in a week!
#Dianne Pay the #medicare TAX on 100% of your Paycheck & JUST MAYBE FUNDS will BE THERE for that Coverage, 4Million GOV checks = #Billions
& if nothing is done then what?
Take a break from tweeting bot
#NoTrumpCare #Medicare4All #RetireFeinstein
It doesn't eliminate Medicaid
So your saying that no one was in nursing homes before Obamacare. I believe they were and if it's repelled they will still be there.
In other words 40% isn't covered according to whatever survey this is?
You ducked the question, Senator. So now, how about it? When will you be "there" with us for #singlepayer #MedicareForAll???
We do need Wealthy Americans and thier taxation to fund more senior facilities, the Baby Boomers are about to have nowhere to go.
The man didn't ask you if you favored direct govt healthcare like the VA provides. He asked you about a path to #MedicareForAll.
Dont ya worry...CA residents will elect the same fuk sticks as most of the country will do in the near future.
We ALL need to stand with our two courageous Senators.  Tues, 6/27, 7:00 PM 4190 Front Street, San Diego.  SD Indivisible, SD Resistance.
SENATOR GOD ASKS A LITTLE OF US AT TIMES; CARE FOR THE INNOCENT ;THE YOUNG AND OLD! SHOULD WE ABANDON THEM ? AND LEAVE THEM WITHOUT HEALTHCA
You've got some nerve, after knowingly mischaracterizing #singlepayer #MedicareForAll at a town hall. It's not "full government takeover."
Then only, short-term immediate need particularly hospice would be priority at state-run nursing homes. Elder abuse should deter & decrease
And what else does it jeopardize?  The amount of money that California is going to get from the feds !  Concerned about the people???
Let them Die
Spoken like a true xtian "pro-lifer" as it says on your page. Despicable.
Are we sure we need these old people hanging around, loving their grandchildren, remembering how the world was. It's awkward. Shhhh. Forget.
Yup, just sent 2 more patients on #medicaid with multiple chronic diseases to nursing homes today. #SaveMedicaid #SavetheACA #NoBCRA
Could you be more specific, how exactly is it going to jeopardizes anyone's health care.
Anything beats Obama's unaffordable care act.
IHSS needs more training classes, Accountability but that is worth a budget to hire more in home care workers.
Absolutely.  MY sister has very low income and needs to keep her Medicaid for nursing care. So will most aging ppl try pay out pockt
I trust you will do your best to preserve and improve our state and nation. Thank you for your efforts.
I am sure my 96 yo mom can find a job when they kick her out. Dementia is CHARMING in the workplace.
The Senate Bill will throw them out on the street or kill them! Tell people the truth! #TrumpCareKills #GOPKills #GOPartyofDeath
Other areas need funding.. Use oil money.
Every inmate in our country receives FREE healthcare. Where's the free care for the rest of us?
And many jobs in California and throughout the U.S. too! #Medicaid #CBOScore #jobs
There will also be less nursing homes available.
Louisiana also, Dr. Cassidy!
Why are you worried about Fed programs anyway? California is seceding. All that money you used to send to DC, will fund Calicare!
then Gov Brown and his friends in Sacramento should do something about that.

For sure! I don't know any nursing home who is going to be giving free care
And the jobs of the healthcare workers.
Ya I'm ok with paying for that thanks for asking
#AHCA/#BCRA would kill 18,000 Americans in 2018; rising to 28,000 people killed per year later.  

Do not try to defend that.
Does ur crystal ball say if I'll win the lottery. Would you also notify these people in advance so they can be prepared.
it wont jeopardize lets call it what it will do KILL them
Another mindless Eloi, brainwashed by MSM's Hitler-style propaganda.
I guess the rest of America needs to pay for California's failures.
Go away you failed egg.

Yes, they are steal from the poorest to give to the 1%.
