Trump thrives on chaos
Stop Sanctuary cities.
Sanctuary cities have lower crime rates and better economies: https://www.americanprogress.org/issues/immigration/reports/2017/01/26/297366/the-effects-of-sanctuary-policies-on-crime-and-the-economy/ … .  @SenFeinstein knows that.
tell that to Kate steinly 's family
That tragedy does not change the facts: undocumented immigrants are much less likely to commit violent crimes than US citizens are.
Do not use the tragedy of Ms. Steinle's murder as an excuse for xenophobic bigotry and policies that will get more people killed.
could you be any more wrong?  I'm concerned about being unable to vet people properly. That makes me a bigot?
he and his people have no clue what the hell they are doing! It shows!
Oh honey, Trump makes no sense...when can y'all invoke section 4 of the 25th amendment? We all see the emperor has no clothes
25th amendment starts w/ Vice-President & Cabinet.  Impeachment must start in the House for the Senate to remove Trump.
oh I fully understand the 25th amendment...even Pence is seeing what is happening. Will he act???
200 million Americans do not approve of Trump. If we keep telling our Reps. to impeach him, they'll do it to stay in office
Make CA do away with its' unlawful sanctuary state movement, cut Medicare fraud, get illegals aliens off of it, do ur job!
@SenFeinstein
@pricklyeater stop him & the GOP
...and Trump makes no sense, hello?! Stop voting 35% of the time for his nominees! CA is watching. Remember Nov.2018
@thepoliticalcat With all the money he's pouring into private prisons, we won't need actual law enforcement
Pay for your own local law enforcement!!!
@tshep42 Forcing awful nominees on us has consequences.
No YOU make zero sense. Go away.  California is this the best you got?
Best thing that happened to USA is Trump.
Giving money to countries that want to kill us makes no sense but you had no problem with it.
That's because Trump doesn't know what the hell he's doing...
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS doesn't understand cause and effect. Trump = toxicity.
@SSueh2222 All smoke and mirrors by Bannon as US government dismantled. #RussiasTrumpCard #donthecon
What makes NO SENSE is how you DEMS lie constantly! In your meeting on Friday with Comey; I know you were given INFO and you're not telling.
do you have anything positive to say about your president?
no budget makes sense to someone who spends more than we have.
.@SenFeinstein not much about #DonTheCon makes any sense...
@airlift1300 @SenFeinstein 
Couldn't agree more. DJT is a Nutcase not ready for prime time. He's got really serious issues.
CUT LOCAL LAW ENFORCEMENT FUNDING? You are insane!! Our men & Women in Blue deserve ALL the support we can give them!
bel, shelter worked. Nice to see you again.
The federal government should NOT fund local law enforcement.It makes no sense to send money to Wash so they can send it back
#truth #preach
When local law enforcement protect and harbor illegal aliens - they should not get a dime of tax payers money
I could clearly see it on your face that you received valid important info about Obama spying on Trump or something?? This won't keep secret
It is only for SANCTUARY cities that money is cut.  BRAVO
National funding for local police makes no sense.
name me one item you like! Of course u can't u are a delaycrats !!
he must be doing cocaine like they said when he was in the debates, all sniffing & stuff..THIS has got to be drug induced!!
DJT budget goal is cut depts leave power with a few (Bannon Miller) control heat food military education(youth) and isolate US
Oh the big senator
How do you know about finance? Isn't cal bankrupt?
It's not about money Dianne. Oh, sorry. You have tons of it. Try life on 75k annually and then tweet your "wisdom. "
no kidding local and coastal guard. If we get attacked he will create a military state... look at the course we are heading.
@nyx_erebus the law enforcement is not the worst of it, but yeah. Srsly, Meals on Wheels? What bastard cuts that?
Stay on it Senator.  We're counting on you
He is destroying us one tweet at a time.
he's twisted mentally ill racist,nothing he's done makes sense2 people w/1/2 a brain,1thing thats 4 sure he's a lying criminal
He's mentally unfit for office; see 25th Amendment, section 4.
You're using the wrong standard @realDonaldTrump lies and is not to be trusted at his word. His heart is shown by his actions.
U & @SenKamalaHarris Need to look out 4 CA & ALL USA. @GOP's only looking out for 2%. Trump's only looking out 4 billionaires.
unless you want to control all means of government-sanctioned force.
Bingo.
it does if you're heading into a dictatorship. He needs more military.
Please watch! https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10155967084697501&id=577682500 …
This makes no sense either!
neither does he
did you not support props 47-57?
he hasn't made sense on anything yet
.@SenFeinstein It does if you recall that SCROTUS is a fascist, naturally seeks to concentrate power, especially force, in the executive.
Who needs militarily Cops! We need food stamps, heat assistance, food for school kids, meals on wheels no more Wealthy Welfare
no on Gorsuch.
or does if you're rich and tired of paying your taxes
local taxes pay for local law enforcement. Federal taxes pay for border protection and military.
Trump isn't cutting budget for local law enforcement. Paid by local and state taxes. He's not giving funds if law is ignored.
YOU make no sense!
Thank goodness you are a member of Congress who are the ones that actually pass the budget that's proposed by the President.
Senator Feinstein, Trump's existence is like "IBOLA" for this country.  I am not sure science found a real cure for IBOLA 
This is dangerous time especially when North Korea could Nuke half of Asia...
Unless your building up the military & deconstructing a democratic gov. to shift to a dictatorship. #TrumpRussia
Build a billion dollar wall we don't need while citizens go hungry. None of this makes any sense. What the hell is @gop doing!
You're not thinking about this the right way, Senator...
Please discuss...enlighten..
45 wants to control us in mass numbers. Local police might refuse to ENFORCE against local people they know.China did this.
trump makes no sense period
He's funding the military. Soon we will see the army on the streets instead.
then do something about him
It makes no sense unless you are trying to gut the govt and destroy our democracy. #presidentbannon #trumprussia
No it doesn't. But doesn't make sense that our gov has been taken over by mobsters either. How far will this go b4 it's enuf?
he is horrible... When are you going to do something?!!
Well, DT makes no sense, so that makes sense.
@thealien_earth He wants to disempower local law enforcers. Armed forces & HLS will do his dirty work!
@terrileedee Don't need trained PO. We got a fence & some bigly tanks &other war stuff comin
here's a useful twitter template: Trumps ____________ makes no sense. @adamajacoby
template: Trumps handshake makes no sense. #TRUMPtemplate
you don't think improving the military or increasing ICE improves national security??
when the poorest city in cali makes more money than the President yea that makes sence
@CA_born_Rebel. Can u answer? What will it take to stop him? Our lives depend on it- literally. Why is GOP backinghim?
@CA_born_Rebel.  Exactly! Then he will blame them when something does happen!
The only thing that makes sense is term limits for old crones. You tie LEOs hands then blame others. Typical.
No sense,b/c ego is an erratic sociopath,shoots from the hip depending on wind patterns:expect sense is to ascribe intellect.
Unless ineffectual law at local level benefits them while Natl security is merely a pretense.bannon is smarter than trump.approachthatangle?
can't you guys get him out he's killing us. Starting with Seniors, low income God only what's next I can barely make it on ssi
his vindictive budget?  that one?
when He said he supported the police Now they know that was a lye to All he does is lye he don't know how to tell the truth
Thank you for standing strong against all the insanity, Sen. Feinstein!  Sending you good vibes from the Bay Area!
Vote NO on Gorsuch!  Get Merrick Garland in. He is THE PERFECT SC Justice candidate.
@AleciaWarrenXO Yes it makes, because nobody can get rich of local law enforcement, but military build up means fat contracts.
Impeach Trump @SenFeinstein Go after him on Russian collusion & conflicts of interest. We know it's true. Impeach him now! A CA constituent!
and cut funding for the Coast  Guard!  Makes no sense
@BLew1401 It does if the real goal is to enrich yourself and your friends.
@JaneMarieGardn1 What about cutting TSA for his egotrip wall? Terrorists FLEW IN for 9/11, and some were on NoFly list. WTF???
It makes sense from the Standpoint of a rich person wanting tax breaks, Who doesn't care if poor people die in the process.
when was the last time any President proposed a budget that made sense. Sure not Obama or Bush
Please help push for enollment of the election @senfeinstein @jctheresistance
@JCTheResistance and how about Coast Guard?
you sound surprised
DT makes no sense only chaos. #impeach45
Don't run.
local law funding is up to you. U can't be against Fed Reg. Changes on immigration then whine about losing Fed Funding!
He honestly has a mental illness and should be examined by a pro mental health Dr. He is unfit to serve &we see this daily.
But he's increasing military spending...hmmm2+2=4? #DontheCon #wannabedictator
cutting funding AND then expecting our LEO's to enforce his ICE work. @nayacutie
The man is obviously mentally unstable and must be removed by any means available. And soon. He puts us all in danger each day he's reigning
Likewise let's keep our coast guard.  Does Trump know what the @uscoastguard does?  That we have water boarders?
Kind of like you carrying a gun, but fighting against others' right to do so.
.@SenFeinstein he's a moron, he's cutting every budget to build his vanity wall.
trump lies
@stevemoth don't worry, law enforcement is the last he will cut, he needs them to round up his opponents
Here's my surprised look 
you cannot protect US and cut diplomacy, i.e.; UN & State Dept
talk about not making sense, look in a mirror with Pelosi by your side.
respectfully, #trump makes no sense period.
My theory is Trump is going to put up/back legislation against conviction requirements for civil forfeiture on a big scale.
Which his minions will tout as both conservative on the budget and a Law and Order solution that helps to police.
Which would be a viable solution in a completely uncorrupt system with no bias in law enforcement. But I don't think that description fits.
When it comes solely to the domestic security in the U.S. from an outside perspective, war on drugs sorta militarized the police bigly...
So people better trust their local police, because if these cases are any indication of what's to come if Trump/Putin can destroy careers...
And anybody who can't see that Trump is answering to at least 6 different people, politically and financially, you're not paying attention.
His budget is one of a CON. And he peddles CONspiracies, and he has no CONscience. He's only good at lying .
@PrincessBravato on multiple levels. Scratching that scummy surface.
u all say sf has low crime so why are u whining about $ for law enf. Illegals make it safer.
Thank you Senator, please keep #resisting for your constituents and supporters!
Trump makes no sense.
Neither do the cuts to Airport security and the Coast Guard. The wall is redundant.
But. But...HE TELLS IT LIKE IT IS! How much longer will it take to nail this guy on Russian money laundering? Hurry please.
 Trump is only interested in improving himself.
As opposed to the things he has done that do make sense?
@PrincessBravato or the coast guard and border protection
What is the budget for his vacations? Can't that be controlled? No money for community programs but unlimited for Mar-a-Lago?
@PrincessBravato he makes no sense
yes, and cut meals on wheels over dinner while flying to largo logo for a million dollar round of terrible golf,
Please we need an independent special prosecutor...Please. This is absolute insanity. P.S. I hope you're doing well.
Trump makes no sense, I fear this will get much worse during his term.
don't matter since you told locals to not cooperate with the Feds. End sanctuary cities
Especially as Trump Tower is in Midtown NYC. UN here too. Terrorist targets.
none of it makes sense. Cutting NIH funding is bad. Depleting EPA budget is bad. None of it makes sense. STOP HIM NOW!
Amen
he is also upsetting our Allies while cutting the State Dept. we need all the help we can get to clean up his mess! #Unfit
When was the last DNC budget submitted?
Nothing Trumplethinskin does ever makes any sense!
when do we find about what Comey said in that meeting ? We have a right to know
You can’t talk about improving national security when you are going about destroying the nation. Trump is creating a cesspool.
trump is messing with everyone. Thanks Steve Bannon
trump is seriously f'ing with congress. Isn't it obvious? He doesn't care
Please keep fighting to reveal the truth!  We're depending on you!
the last I checked my local cops were sending platoons to fight overseas
RHETORIC is not enough anymore. DEMOCRATS must listen to all the people and take the appropriate action
budget is so terrible it must be a distraction
You Democrats make no sense either.
you can't support racist groups like BLM and then pretend to support local law enforcement. Somehow Dems manage...
.@SenFeinstein OMG democrats are going to fight the cuts and GOP for them and "the deficit can take care of itself" @realDonaldTrump
None of the budget makes sense: cutting funding for science, arts, elderly, poor and children. It's stupid and cruel, like DT
If would stop going to Fla every w/e we could use that money for programs
Good to cut funding for law enforcement if it hurts the community / is unfair .
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP 

Our @POTUS Trump listens to us 
& we listen to him! 
Get on the #TrumpTrain
#DraintheSwamp #Pray4DJT
"We don't need to stop for gas - we're only driving 400 miles!"
his supporters do not care as long as he picks on minorities and immigrants
I don't think he wanted this job, it was all a big PR scheme. It shows every day in form of incoherence/grasp of details.
Russia certainly wanted him to have it.  Maybe he did it for Bannon and Kushner.
Law enforcement needs to stop protecting Trump Tower and MaraLago at taxpayer expense.  Trump should pay. Private property.
Trump makes no sense @SenFeinstein!
wait, we have "budgets" now
None of what is going on in America makes sense right now. This is the worst.
Sure you can. Watch & learn.
DiFi what would you cut or propose?
No
VOTE
ON
SCOTUS.
STOLEN
SEAT.
@princessbravato #GOP doesn't get to withhold giving #JudgeGarland a hearing & expect Gorsuch!
The only thing that makes sense? RESIGN NOW. YOU'VE BEEN LIVING OFF THE PEOPLE'S TEET...TO LONG. Your just serving yourself
and cut budget for nypd, while making it a bigger target by having property and family here.
