Term Limits!! She and Pelosi, Scummer, and the rest need to go. The woman shows ignorance in every comment she makes!
Woman is SO Anti American.
Wait... I'm apparently behind...
How exactly does the law define "super-precedent"?
Who told her to say super precedent? Her staffers and handlers may be the worst in DC
Once upon a time, her staffers were excellent and made her look good, despite her obvious stupidity. NO MORE
hahaha I love how she she ended it. 

"Many times..."

"DOZENS"
get straight jacket she is just making things up #term limits
Why are you treating #Gorsuch as if he has standing? Republicans blocked Obama's nominee entirely. #BlockGorsuch
Elections have consequences, Republicans were/are the majority.  They get to decide when to hold hearings.
: "Super-precedent" is that like double secret probation?
to Gorsuch: Abortion is "Super-duper precedent" but Freedom to Exercise Religion & Right to Bear Arms must be curtailed
@wraithvenge @cspan @SenFeinstein got it backwards
super precedent? Is that a legal term? This woman is in way over her head
She was the chair of the judiciary committee.  What have you done, Tommy?
then she really should be removed. Super precedent? I have done exactly what I have chosen to do.
sit around and take opioids I imagine
What is the democRATS agenda?  Ruin America?
WTF is super-precedent??
@ealight461 @SenFeinstein How many times are the republicans going to try to overturn Roe? Move on. Its been upheld. The end.
As many times as necessary. Even lefties like Tribe who like the results know it's bad law.
A chimpanzee interviewee a  Scholar our country is very screwed up with these retards
"super-precedent"?
No.
Maybe "Constitutional Amendments" could be consider super-precedents, but why bother?
Gorsuch *is* absurd and completely unacceptable.
careful judge you are speaking over Diane's head & she is getting antsy
How can a Supreme Court pick be taken seriously, when the Executive branch that picked him is under FBI investigation? @cspan @SenFeinstein
How? Because the one has nothing to do with the other. How'd you pick a candidate that was under FBI...
Feinstein getting owned. Painful to watch. 
Dowdy old bat, needs to be put in a home.
Raisin brain Feinstein is long past due.
Gorsuch won't care when on the bench, he will try to overturn Roe.  I fear for the rights of women to choose. Nogorsuch
He does well in not busting out laughing at that ditz.
ask #Gorsuch if he believes people have a basic right to have sex for pleasure
Of course. Just live with the consequences.
Super-precedent would return us to the original 10 Amendments. Ok, I can live with that; scratch 11 through 26.
And here I thought Roe v Wade were just two ways to cross a river.
@annekbrooks @SenFeinstein the right thing to do
this only proves that the senior senator of the judiciary committee  has no business being senior anything in senate.
"No, because 'super-precedents' aren't a real thing."
what is a super precedent....what's different than regular old precedent?
"Do you believe in Double-Secret Probation?"
Roe herself regrets what she did sd she ws coerced in2 it.  Abortion is not an issue to be settled by the federal govt.
And...we discover he is her Kryptonite.
Is "superprecedent" something like "superdelegate?"
Making up legal terms might be frowned upon by your art history school...
Practice Precedes Precedent. You choose! God's Will-Create life in the womb or Roe's Precedent turning Womb into Tomb
and she needs to retire
Yes, but will Gorsuch uphold Roe?
You voted for him in 2006 . What has he done since that changes your mind ? Stop wasting time
what the hell is a "super-precedent"??  Is that even a thing?  Better yet, how is @SenFeinstein still a Senator?
That mofo did not answer the question. He speaks like a politician not a judge. 
@cowgirlup1a @SenFeinstein but he didnt really answer the question.He got near it BUT the way he danced away from it scares me#voteno
He just danced around the subject. Spitting out a word salad. Vote No on Gorsuch.
Feinstein seems confused by the "big words" Gorsuch uses. LOL Does't care about his answer. Just making a point I guess
oh will this be a super Snarkey day at Cspan #asses
This guy sounds pretty good But the GOP stole this seat from another good man Merrit Garland
Why does the clip end there? Did #Gorsuch answer the question? This clip suggests he would "reaffirm" Roe. Not good.
that was indeed the end of that question. Sounded like he would reaffirm it to me.
Slavery was accepted precedent but public opposition grew, courts changed their rulings.Public opposite to Roe is too!
Public isn't opposed to Roe. Do some research.
No I'd suggest U do. Got to search honest, neutral sites, not liberal left ones!
Must be that invisible ink part of the Constitution where it says its a living document, extra super duper precedence
#termlimits are double-super-duper precedent Senator!!
she is an embrassment to Congress
We may need the SCOTUS to rule on the validity of "Super Precedent" - is it a thing?

Too bad Feinstein's mother didn't practice abortions when she was carrying  her
Would you ask the judge what he thinks about the emoluments clause, from a strict constitutionalist viewpoint.
You mean super-sized with fries?
@GOP
You fool. We care about personal choice and human rights. I bet you vote against programs that ultimately help poor babies too.
If you cared about human rights, you wouldn't be killing them..
no
what in the world is "super-precedent"? Are we just making up words here?
Wishy washy response. @potus could appoint God and I wouldn't trust his choice.
and people trust you  wonderluzy?
does that mean righter than right? I'm no lawyer but that just sounds silly.
WTF is a 'super-precedent?'
it's just like a liberal to put added terminology to a word when it doesn't need it to give it more meaning
So right. Liberals really need to dumb everything down. They forget how stupid America has become.
Trump tweet: "It has a super president now. The best. Wow!"
Research deep go back to 70's.. Feinstein is owned by Globalist Gloria Allered- who invented this.
hey @SenFeinstein shall have known both RoeWade fake names.Truth about Roe vs Wade fake suit to force the changes
But enough about murdering babies. What about this? #GORUSCH #Trump #SupremeCourt
what the hell is "super precedent," precedent from Krypton? Why do you think abortion the only constitutional right?

"Super precedent" is not a thing. A law or ruling has "precedent" or it has "no precedent".
 A perfect example of why we need term limits! These Dems are so embarrassing 
WE KNOW HOW HE WILL VOTE. Filibuster him!
Yes, the humane way.
Californians sure know how to pick em...."Super precedent." Lol
It's a legal term. http://m.oxfordscholarship.com/mobile/view/10.1093/acprof:oso/9780195150506.001.0001/acprof-9780195150506-chapter-7 …
Gorsuch is very annoying. I wouldn't want to be cornered by him at a cocktail party. This is a ridiculous interview
term limits
it's embarrassing how we have picked such idiots to be leaders. To speak to brilliant people like Gorsuch . Wow. Hush.
Gorsuchprobably had never been questioned by such ignorant people., Dems are showing us just how ignorant they are.
I thought you were pre-med?
Every nominee should be an originalist and not political like Kagan and Sotomayor. This guy is perfect.
By originalist, do you mean women can't vote? Blacks are not citizens? Slavery is legal? Explain originalist.
You do understand that the Constitution was amended to stop those things right?
embarrassing!
because she is a lunatic ..as if thats her only reason fro being. he could have said never change it..she still a NO
interesting , knew all cases mentioned by Repub & not Dem's looks like he was prepped 
yeah he was prepped,duh?
he is a paternalistic misogynist. Don't let him talk down to you. You're smarter than he is.
A question wasn't asked and Gorlich said a lot of words about nothing.
Good job, Senator!
"super precedent"? Lol
@GorsuchFacts How many jellybeans r in this jar? Feinstein, u r embarrassing yourself, stop wasting . #confirmgorsuch
Sen. You should stop asking questions. Judge is making you look like a fool. You are not in his league
Kiss your rear-end good bye come 2018,  We have thousand of dollars we are putting up against you to lose.
WASTE our time LADY!  You have NOTHING ON #GorsuchHearing  #TermLimits
Is it my imagination or is #Gorsuch a bit sugary? My diabetes is flaring.
He comes across as an "Eddie Haskell" type of guy. "Gee, you lovely today Mrs. Feinstein."
His job is not to decide on issues by personal preference. His job is to decide & uphold the law & constitution.
#JustSayNo to #PutinsPuppet  
No #SCOTUSnominee for Russia

Delay, deny, and defend that seat.
Can we just ask him if his goal is to overturn Roe v Wade?
That is our hope.
Gorsuch would not be nominated if Federalist Soc. & Rs did not believe he would overturn Roe. Roberts/Alito the same.
Just guaranteed Gorsuch will pass Senate confirmation. She basically affirmed her support with those stupid questions.
snowflakes out in full force today!
JUSTICE IS BLIND!
A justice must judge a case on the LAW & CONSTITUTION and you know that Senator! Stop the nonsense!
And Citizens United?  And Same Sex Marriage?  the only way u can tell a vote is based on past votes Senator, be careful
Trump has launched his 2020 campaign already, so we can't have a Supreme Court nom in the middle of election season.
Arrogant.  And did not confirm he will *not* overturn Roe v Wade.  Don't trust him.
Our plan is to overturn it.
whatever super precedent means.
A Supreme Court case that is extremely difficult to overturn.
That's not a legal term, and we are going to overturn it.
elected SEN & openly stated judges should make decisions that fit America Duh sounds like legislating &not his job fool
His wife behind him is freaking me out with that fixed smile! Looks like the Joker! Or Evangelical cultist!! *Shudder*
So SCOTUS sets ammendents, that's what is being stated.No ROE V WADE is an infringement 4 babies to be allowed survival
aren't SCOTUS appointments supposed to be about case law and not politics @SenFeinstein? @cspan
lol
