How is it republicans can pass this bill with only 53 senators & when DemoCRAPs had 58 & even 60 senators couldn't give us single payer? 
Bad politics. it's like progs want 2 fight a losing battle. And i dont blame em, governing is hard & why own this mess thats set to implode?
What ppl should be vigorously fighting for is a public option.. if you wanted victory. I just dont get why that argument isnt being made
Maybe if the idiots did make that argument, hillary would be prez.. and this is coming from someone who voted bernie, supports message
I wouldn't want a Hillary presidency any more than a Trump presidency.
Right.. so if kennedy retires, you will say the same thing? Look.. ive been a news junky since 9/11. Grew up in a con family 1+
Yes. I will say the same thing. Again. You don't know me. Stop trying to assume you do.
You said enough, sorry. Try making that same argument if kennedy retires
it's called #MedicareForAll senator. Majority of Americans want it.  Lead.
All 330 million of us could be in a system similar to VA that can't handle 10 million? No thanks
lol no.  It's called Medicare. Not VA care.  One of most successful programs in us history.
Then why won't most healtcare providers accept it? Medicare is funded by payroll taxes you're talking Medi"caid" that even fewer accept
healthcare providers would have to accept it obviously.  If Canada can do it certainly we can
Canadians I know love their health care aren't burdened by massive debt.  ACA doesn't control costs.
All Cdn's pay income tax vs only half in US. The Cdn sales tax is in the teens a very regressive tax on low income
if you can't admit it's better than here than you don't know canadiens. I'm 4 hours from border. Ours is FUBAR.
SINGLE PAYER NOW!!!!!
If you want to help, what we need is caps on spending. Because healthcare spending is out of control. We simply cannot afford it.
If we got single payer everyone would have 100% health care coverage with no deductibles & no copays.  In addition, we'd save $400B a year
And we wouldn't be forced to remain in unrewarding jobs to keep insurance.Oops, forgot that slaving for the 1% was part of the plan.
Yes.  You're correct.
Thank you from a constituent!
There is no sane logical argument for not having universal coverage like the rest of the free world.Give it up.
"Improving" Private #healthcare is a lost cause. #SinglePayer is the only way we can cover everyone. Drop your wealthy corporate donors.
Why didn't you do this for Obamacare? We deserved an open process back then too!
I'm not saying Republicans rdoing a good job. I am saying the Democrats said we need 2pass the bill 2 know what's in it can't complain.
https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/house-bill/676/text …
I really want you to lose.  Even if it's to a republican.  You're not an FDR democrat, you're a neoliberal corporatist!
There will be none of your precious, mamby-pamby Obamacare left when they're done. And Americans will be fucked. FUCKED. 

WHATCHAGONNADO???
If you'd spent the day with a vibrator you'd be better serving America. A GOP Congress is chopping down what's left, don't you get it?
Did your BFF Chuckie Cheese Grassley offer to help or was he too busy licking ice cream at the DQ? Did he tell you to suck it up buttercup?
The American people want and deserve better. There is bipartisan agreement for #SinglePayer. In a true democracy, or reps would represent us
Before the Affordable Care Act, I could not buy health insurance for any amount of money, due to injuries from a car accident."Pre-existing"
The affordable care act has to go, but I'm very concerned about its replacement! #transparencyingov #showusthebill
Thank you! I posted paragraph from your press release to Facebook as your "Subsidy Cliff" repair bill. It got likes which is rare for me!
Thank you Senator Feinstein this will help the middle class. The sharp cut off has affected a lot of us earning only $50k and it's hard.
It's not ACA, it's Obama Care.  It has also failed.
#Trash
The ACA isn't perfect!  But it is a start & can be made better!
If you keep giving everything free to able bodied people..the incentive to get off their dead asses is removed and you end up with liberals
@SenateMajLdr  Pease try to reduce costs. When O.C. rolled out we were told we could keep the same doctor, didn't happen. Costs r going up.
Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day, teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime!
Dear Senator, don't you understand we have $20 TRILLION national debt + $100+ TRILLION in unfunded liabilities--stolen $ from SS, Medicare?
Single Payer. Please represent Americans and not your special interest friends
Your efforts would be like improving root canal by doing complete oral surgery instead when not everyone needs either! #PJNET
McConnell and his traitors destroying Democracy w/secret bill! Senate will never be the same. No future for the Senate if secret bill passes
No. You want to protect your donors, which is why you didn't give us single payer in the first place, and are fighting it in CA.
You refused to work w/ new admin. You blew it.
Liar. You simply said bury us in more debt. Cynical, hypocritical, lies
Well you can't improve shit if it's gone can you? Hahaha ha ha
How many supporters in your caucas would approve this bill you have submitted?
Why does it have to be improved if it was so " affordable  " in the first place  ???
Improving theACA is the win-win way.
In the ACA Obamacare it does not offer benefit to those who make $11500 and less. Many part time workers without any benefit.
What are you doing about Pharma except taking their  money
How about single payer #MedicareForAll there is already a bill HR676 you know the one you don't support time for your primary
Cost to 60 + year olds must be reduced soon. It will drain all savings and retirement funds. Can not wait.
must go single payer, this is insanity for everyone. Strip all Congress pension & healthcare until resolved!
Thanks for the unaffordable healthcare. Known for decades costs too high and you write this as fix? You are out of touch. Bernie was right.
Improve nothing, I can't afford it. I pay 1000.00 month with a 7500.00 
Oop max. #unaffordable can't get my needed knee replacement, ass.
Not to mention after OOP max only covers 85%, not 100%
#Medicare4ALL is easier but U can't afford the drop in PAYoffs #RESIGN #USELESS #demEXIT #PeoplesParty
Thank you, Senator.
What can the public do ?
She needs her big donor checks from the health care industry ! Getting primaried. #medicade4all
Thank you!
You're weakness in not standing strong for single payer when Dems controlled both houses is unforgivable. You sold out. Stop pretending.
Honestly cannot understand your way of thinking. Our rates keep going up because smaller number of people left paying for govt programs.
a little late to the party Senator! It was full steam ahead with the failed ACA until Trump won the election. Get a clue
Your own state senate passed SB 562 23 to 14. That is #SinglePayer healthcare NOT an insurance plan. #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll
Thank you @SenFeinstein #womeninleadership
"YOU, GO GIRL"! "WE NEED MORE LIKE YOU IN SENATE"! A GOP ALLY WOULD BE NICE! BUT, NOT GONNA HAPPEN! 2 BUSY COVERINGTHEIRASSES!

Both parties not just republicans.
Thank you so much for this!! Keep fighting for us and we appreciate you so much!! #HoldtheFloor 
She's not fighting for you. None of the republicans or democrats are.  They're working for their big money campaign contributors.
Yep, and pretending they care to get the votes. Big donors understand that and know they're full of hot air. Corporatists.
Thank you!
where can we see this bill?
At the contributing Americans expense right Diane
Keep Fighting! Be Strong!
#HoldTheFloor 
#TrumpCareSucks 
#TrumpCareKills
#McConnellSucks
#McConnellIsACrook 
#IWantToLive
@cbsnews  Keep fighting for #Californians and the #nation. Thank you #SenatorFeinstein for being a #leader. #Country before #Party. #leaders
How come you aren't on the aca ?
#releasethetaxes
It's dead Dianne. Won't be revived by your attempt to "expand". Time to shrink govt not expand.  We can't afford this fiasco any longer.
I pay $2000 per month & $3000 copay to OB GYN for baby delivery, and 1200 deductible. Before Ocare my premiums were $500 a month &copay $25
Thank you Diane for your good work
You are showing them we won't be murdered via Senate secrecy! Thank you.
Showing them what?  DemoCRAPs are useless as they're paid to be by big money donors.
Thank you, Senator!!
ACA was designed to fail. #JonathanGruber
A few GROUPS AGAINST the GOP healthcare bill:AARP, American Cancer Society, AMA, American Hospital Assoc, Child Defense Fund #TheResistance
If Obamacare is so great than why will you not us it. None of the Senators or House members will enroll in Obamacare because it is awful.
This is insane. They said that they couldn't come to an "agreement" with Healthnet, but it stinks. One was my neurologist. I'm upset.
Good luck senator...I'm with you
Dems are filled with hate & has no message but to attempt to assassinate House GOP members.
I can assure you that working Americans don't think it's AFFORDABLE! 20% of AMERICANS shouldn't carry the load of the LAZY 80%!
DeDe this does nothing to solve the inherent problems with the ACA
Thank you
Yes! Thank you, improve our ACA! Trumpcare is NO good! #improveACA
I don't wanna get to arguin' about bougeois putt-putt
#Obamacare saved my life. #SaveACA #DontRepealFix #MakeACAbetter #GOPobstructionists
Again, thank you. You do work hard for the people. It is appreciated more than you know. We're all out here supporting you!
Yes improve NOT repeal!
Improve the ACA by supporting #SinglePayer and #HR676.  Though we all know a person worth $100M isn't going to be a real progressive.
You have failed california so bad you are so out of touch!
Thank you. In CA., how much money would businesses and government save w #SinglePayer ? I have a better bill.
Thank you Senator Feinstein for a constructive version to improve health care.
Down for who? My family's premiums and deductibles have exploded over the last few years. We need a big change.
I am proud to be a Dem as Dem Senators #HoldTheFloor tonight. It shows how much Dems actually care about constituents & democracy
It shows how much they will pander to their slaves.
#Healthcare 4 All Americans is possible because ObamaCared & so did the #Democrats...while the #GOP #OBSTRUCTED #RESIST #AHCA #trumpDontCare
diane, taxpayers pay for your wonderful healthcare. wish we all had the same as you
Thank you! ACA is a good start, let's make it better for all Americans. #HoldTheFloor
Dems writing bills when republicans control everything won't go well. We need our country back
Silly, the House plan wasn't even a repeal. Y'all are fighting over semantics. I do not want to be punished for having a job with insurance.
Yes, but will it be best for all people, with no one losing healthcare or paying fines when they can't afford it & will Congress approve it?
