i also have ACA and it is the best....@POTUS  just wants people to buy his lies like they did to vote him in....not happening twice...
You appear to be MEDICARE she. Yes or no? I'm 70, on Medicare, but my children who all work, and my grands who also work can't afford ACA.
your state must have opted out of Obamacare....everyone accepts it here....everyone.
do not remember asking you...so sorry your getting screwed....
Idk what state r u in but I live in FL had ACA since started also my son who's 27 %never had probs w/it. I'm on Medicare now & hate it.
Madam, your state is failing so I don't think you should be touting a socialist success that only leads to destitution and despair!
Yeah, if it's dead, why am I able to go to the doctor tomorrow and be covered?  I'm not paying him in fidget spinners...
Sure its great in CA, cause CA did the smart thing.  In SC, on the other hand, we are down to one insurer. I still need it though
Thank your state law makers for your plight.
Yeah and let's not penalize the rest of the country for your states poor voter choices please!
Yea and lets stop stealing from future generations to pay for your medical bills. Mmkay thanks signed the unborn
Wonder how many unborn don't get born because their mother had no insurance for pre-natal care.
Zero!
Poll after poll has proven no one has aborted a baby because they couldn't afford health insurance. Free when poor as well. Good try!

There are 49 other states.  Covered California doing better than most.
If ALL states had expanded Medicaid, it would be a RAGING SUCCESS!  As it is, it is STILL SAVING LIVES!
Contrary to YOUR beliefs... you and your policies are failing California.  Ha ha.
California has a population of 39.25 million people and 15 million are covered under ACA.  What is that, less than 4% covered.
1.5 million covered not 15 million.
You first
But it failed millions. My daughter for one. Lost  specialist in 2014-2015. Passed around like a hot potato. She died 5/30/2016, 32 yrs old.
Before O care employer paid 100% had 1k deductible. 

Now it's 50% and 7k deductible. It's already failed many of us.
My husband owns sm biz. 25 employees Provided HC for 30 yrs.Prems jumped.covered 100% -> 50%.Pays emergency Rm copay 4 them out of pocket.
Just as bad she's had 5 different ins companies. They almost change yearly now.
An article in USA Today said repubs was to CONSTANTLY TALK ABOUT HOW AWFUL THE ACA IS So IT WOULD NOT SUCCEED! Insurance CO's got nervous!
1.5 millions getting feebies for their medical insurance.. stop the freebies and get them to work
How many of them pay?  Free?
Go to the website and explore...too lazy?
It is failing because it is not affordable, who is paying for those 1.5m? Those who pay for their own insurance is who is paying!
Of those who think it is so successful, how any are not paying a dime or subsidized? Once agn the Dems are forgetting the fly over states.
And I'm one! Thanks for fighting to keep ACA.
According to the insurance Companies your lying Feinstein. Why are insurances dropping ACA?? Cause it stinks
Wrong...it was thriving until 'uncertainty' entered the issue by the election and threats by the GOP to derail it! Ins. Cos. HATE THAT!
Thriving for all the Dem. thiefs. All they do in particular Obama. He still has billions stashed somewhere. Byeeee
Isn't it better to fix the ACA rather than repeal?  Repeal means a reduction to regional health services.  Repeal affect everyone.
Also, in order to get Medicare passed, med. equipment manufacturers got a rule that hospitals had to buy NEW bed, etc., not reconditioned.
And why can't our government go after the insurance greed!! Why does insurance have to be "for profit"!!
Obama capped their profit margin, 17%. which is still generous, but it kept them on board. Problem with O-Care is that many states opted out
I think you've touched on the crux of the problem. "Rely" and Depend" on a government subsidy is not a formula anything sustainable.
EXCEPT in EVERY OTHER DEVELOPED NATION, including RUSSIA, and now CHINA, and all of Europe, Canada, New Zealand, Australia, and even CUBA!
GOP are nonstop liars. Most lies about any bill in the history of America. Because a black person's name is on it. White supremacists.
This white middle aged white woman doesn't care whose name is on it, it failed us here in PA.
Only Liberals feel that 50% price increases aren't failure... but that's not surprising.
Whatever your plan used to be, it would have gone up more. Ins. cos. don't 'pick on' ACA. ACA kept down their profit margins!  READ. LEARN.
Still wondering why Congress exempted themselves if if is so great....any suggestions?
There are 39 million people in California. 1.5 million is less then 1 percent. I call that a fail. The 37.5 million cant afford ACA
Medicaid is not insurance. It is welfare.
ACA is a failure.
Thank you! Dems need to say this over and over.
What about the other 30 million plus?
The key word here is 'Californian'. Land of the get it free and home to the illegal. Where 7% of the Obama care goes. Repeal and replace
Yea right
What about the increasing cost $$ of premiums and providers @ChrisCuomo
But how can we stop them from sabotaging it? They are taking funding away from promotion to run ads against it. How can we change THAT??
No Senator Feinstein, it has driven the prices up for the millions of people who must pay for it. ACA is cost prohibitive.
It is a big success
Difference between access to coverage and access to getting care.
Lol so democrats want obama care .. I thought u were trying for working middle class and that's who it hurts !!!
Propaganda 101.
Doesn't mean it's not failing.  Moronic argument
I guess instead of individual Americans going bankrupt let's cover everybody and bankrupt entire country.
Only people without insurance that can afford this mess are subsidized by taxpayers.
It's a joke like u
My immigrant parents from Italy are 2 of these people thanks to Obamacare!
It's failing.
Because lazy able bodied people r on Medicaid. She can't take it away and make em go to work they won't vote for her
@ChrisCuomo @CoveredCA Your state should be rich enough to pass your own state Care without ANY FED $  So why not do that?
@ChrisCuomo @CoveredCA Your state is more populated & higher GDP then my Country, we have universalHC.Why did CA vote it down?
@ChrisCuomo @CoveredCA Contrary to Dems beliefs, NOT all Americans live in CA or NY!  #CNN
True the goal all along was to create more dependency on government and lead to Single Payer.  By that measure it is a raging success.
What about the people who can't afford Obamacare and are paying a fine ?
Tell that to the people of NC or Iowa
How many Californians saw rates skyrocket and coverage tank? Stats without context are worthless.
Speak on how Trump is sabotaging the ACA. It will be far more effective than each one of u speaking different points of view on the ACA
You have to say it more often to counteract the Reps. With data. Dems are too silent on the issue.
Most people have insurance. They have real life facts.
RIGHT DIANE (and I am a physician and UR my Senator.. Thats why the GOP wants to TAKE IT AWAY ! How will you stop them?
We know.  They are liars.  Everything they touch turns to shit.
True!!!!
Louder!!!!
Oh really and how many insurance providers and how much has it increased you guys really do say anything to your Lemmings and they believe u
Right here.   #ACA  allowed me to start my own company. #Medicaid helps ensure my 3 year old daughter w/rare disease CPT2 has medical care.
So before ACA your daughter wouldnt have received medical care?
What's your point exactly? Looked at your profile. I can't imagine you are genuinely concerned. She gets medicaid. Thanks
You are crazy!!!
You are right sir!
Yes respectfully America Did not vote for single payer we want options unlike the failing ObamaCare plan
So stop them
Do you ever look at the big picture
It's only failing the working middle class! How many illegals are part of that 1.5 million? CA=taxing to death the middle class.
Then there is no need to do anything, correct?
You word means so much to we Americans! You are the voice of hope and reason. Thank you for speaking up!
I've been screwed twice by Obamacare. Who's representing me??????
As well as MANY Oklahomans who are ignored by arrogant fat-cat Inhofe and James "I'm a new lackey so I'm following Inhofe's lead" Lankford!
ACA HAS failed
If it is so good why did you exempt yourself from it?
As pathetic and miserable as that coverage is and you're proud of it.
I know that premiums have gone up due to on companies but they will still go up with a new plan, the prices won't go down.
I am one of those relying on @CoveredCA.
More than a third of Californians are on medical welfare.
I may lose my insurance this fall as a CSU adjunct. The first time I may need Obamacare and it might not be there. Scared.
That's Medicaid Dianne, not insurance.
How many are legal
It is failing the middle America it is not failing the illegal aliens- why did we lose our old plans ? Why did so many states drop o/care?
California, OK! The rest of us get f*&ked!
California is not the rest of the country...Dianne! Get out of your elitists ideology !
Really, then why aren't you and the rest of DC on the plan????
Think your Twitter account is about 6 years behind, Sen. Feinstein. Better fast fwd and get caught up on your failed legislation's effects
Aca is not working in the states where they refused Medicaid to help eith premiums.
I wish the Repubs would work with you & your plan that would fix ACA & extend subsidies to the majority of Americans.
Let each state decide on their own!
McConnell usin misconception allows his obstruction.

Explained in terms not usin the ObamaCare amendment has California kids here & healthy
That's why Aetna has pulled out of multiple exchanges.  Right?  Right?
Absolutely and it works great! I did keep my doctor and provider! A NON PROFIT HOSPITAL like all should be!!! Kaiser is great!
Why would you not vote YES to discuss a bill and then submit amendments?? Doesn't make sense. VOTE YES to discuss
Show the #BetterDeal. Counter his argument in the press..
Also Senator how many exchanges do people from Iowa will be able to chose from in the future?  Stop lying and tell the truth!
So why did Bill Clinton blast on several occasions during speeches?  Are you calling the former president a liar?
they don't rely on covered California,  they rely on all the California taxpayers,  that jerry brown calls freeloaders to pay
It's failing the other 37 million people in California
well then Senator - lets leave ACA in for a year and after it fails I hope you and Dems will stand up and say you screwed up!
it is failing, providers keep pulling out of all the states. How can you call that a success? You white democrat elites have no clue
Over 1.5 million Californians benefit from Obama care so works for many, need to add/revise it to work for us all.
What about the other 38 million?
That's the ONLY STATE U Lib Criminals prop up cause U got a Hand in the Till-  Why don't U tell the American People that? 
Ask those not in CA.
Keep fighting @SenFeinstein !  Thank you for your leadership for CA and the US!
I got coverage TODAY that w/no deductible that will follow me to NY. $123 a month. Not failing.
Republicans LOVE lying
Hahahaha clinton rice brazile billy boy schumer pelosi warren,nah they speak nothing but the truth! Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
Yep, all lies.
Sorry @SenFeinstein but this is the United States of America...50 states...#feedup @GOP
http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/feb/25/marco-rubio/rubio-we-wiped-out-obamacare-bailout-fund-insuranc/ …
This is why the markets are not stable.
Our of 39 million people, and this is good, How?
If you can't get it Diane, It's failing

The United States does not revolve around California
Thank you Senator, Covered CA is a lifesaver!
Reinstate the Risk Corridors that Rubio took out in 2014 right before the law came into effect. That will stabilize the markets.
Where is my $2500/year savings? Did you forget to send my check?
But is it as good as it could be? #MAGA
All the @gop wants is to repeal the 3.4% capital gain tax for people making over 200k.. everything else is just cover.
Their NOT talking pts, Ocare is REALLY FAILINGYou're so out of touch w/. U don't understand Y D Prez won D election. Real s R hurting!
@SenFeinstein is right. ACA is NOT failing. Call your MOC
#TheResistance #DemForce #SaveACA #ProtectOurCare
http://www.latimes.com/business/hiltzik/la-fi-hiltzik-obamacare-charts-20170104-story,amp.html …
I agree, if the @gopbums would take their foot off the throat of ACA and let the insur. xchanges breath it would be fine. Fix ACA!
Deede, the ACA is failing across the country! Insurance companies pulling out and rising premiums and deductibles make it unusable
You libel lying fraud Frankenstein Feinstein. .@CongressEthics needs to remove you & .@chuckschumer 4 scamming USA
ACA Is yielding insurance companies RECORD Profits! - TRUMP lies and lies again -
YEP, Californian here - #ACA helped our family. kept our son on till 26, the first year in affect, it saved us over 40K in emergency care.
My son loves it
@GOP I use @CoveredCA #IamACA and I want my ACA
Can pres. Fire reps?
No
28 million still have no coverage. millions more cant afford to use coverage because deductible too high. profits over care. #singlepayer
If it works in California then it's definitely failing..!
according to the so-called president, it was put into effect 17 years ago. and the "base" will believe him.
Exactly Sen. Feinstein. Trump is a Charlatan!
That is true! CrazyClown45 does not want to fund it, that's all! It is going along fine!
Nor was it enacted 17 years ago.
Here comes the lies....fact checkers need you!
So what....it doesn't matter were you live....Republicans talk the talk then fall down..lol
Well Teresa the tweet was about how California implemented the policy successfully so it is doable the question is how in states like yours
The GOP thinks we're idiots who will believe their lies!
yes queen
