Don't just tweet help do something about it.
Can I legally adopt any of them?
Seriously, can an adult be adopted? I'm willing.
Will still be illegal
.@SenFeinstein Why are you putting party before country?
If they have been here so long, why have they not applied for citizenship ? They have broken the law. You don't seem to know what law is !!!
Then they and their parents should have been responsible and filed for citizenship.
6 year olds (average age when brought here) should file? Can't file until you return for 10 years btw.
I'm really tired of irresponsible people getting a pass.  Their parents are to lame not me or the rest of the country.
Sure, but you don't want to give a pass to kids who came here at 6?
Especially as they don't have criminal records and pay taxes (and a fine).
Life isn't fair. If someone wants to make things right, they'll find a way to do it. Not make excuses.
Sure, why make it so hard unnecessarily. Seems vindictive instead of fair.
Government should try to be fair. Justice is one of the most important things a government should provide.
Stop lying, the dogma is strong in you, you Marxist sophist.
Obviously you were misinformed.  Here are the facts about DACA
And senator.This could change their lives as well as our veterans lives on the street'http://s.How  dare you.THIS is our nation!!!
How come all of us (white) Americans are suddenly accountable for slavery and the Civil War 150 yrs ago, but these parents are angels??
Diane you say they know no other country as home other than America then why do most of the still speak with an accent?
Trump is not doing a good job in Puerto Rico. He needs to stop flattering himself. Send in the Natl Guard with equip, food, water n fuel
So, they are still Illegal.....
Doesn't seem fair to blame innocent children for wanting to stay when they had no say in the 1st place. Why would you pick on them Congress?
Why do you fall for the bs, the age requirement is 15-32, these are NOT kids.
besides tweeting, what are you going to do about it? A generation is heartbroken and awaits your leadership.
.@SenFeinstein In September I asked what you planned to do for #DACA recipients to ensure they were #HereToStay. This week you spoke up to .@realDonaldTrump and .@GOPLeader supporting the #DreamAct in a manner which all #California should be proud. #ThankYou
They had plenty of time to become citizen! Bozo abused power with DACA, It was ILLEGAL! Just like our government! Truth coming soon
Some of them came here when they were 17 years old! Your lying makes me much less likely to support it.
A few did, yes. But lets talk FACTS. 86% of DACA recipients were 4 years or younger when their parents brought them over the border.
What fake news source are you citing? Or did you just make that one up?
I'm siting the numbers from the register. Did you not know that everything is acurately cataloged for anyone who cares to look?
How can illegal aliens be accurately catalogued? The whole purpose is to avoid the law. "The" register? Link?
No link. Go to the SOS website. Everything is on the secretary's page, you just have to look.
Every, Dreamer, DARPA, & DACA benefit recipient has to register fully to participate. Do you know nothing about about the program? I'm...
... happy to educate you on the program, if you want to learn about the subject you're debating on.
So, if someone breaks into your house, w/their kids, you’ll let them stay and provide for them?
Throw out the Catholics
Mostly hype senator - 2,139 DACA Recipients Convicted or Accused of Crimes Against Americans  http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2017/09/05/2139-daca-recipients-convicted-or-accused-of-crimes-against-americans/ …  …
To bad their parents broke the law!  Bu-bye now illegals!
And whose fault is that? Who didn't enforce the law? Why do legal tax payers have to fund #DACA illegals? Try supporting @POTUS's platform!
(1) Stop trying to defend harming 800,000 US residents.
(2) DACA recipients pay taxes like everyone else, and _make the government money_.
Go educate yourself on what DACA is and is not, rather than perpetuating anti-immigrant lies & disinformation:
A thread of what #DACA is and isn't because #DACA works and it is nothing close to a "free ride."
BS! How do illegals support themselves? Not everyone came over with money in their pockets. Also doesn't change the fact they BROKE THE LAW!
Why didn't you tell bho to make it possible for citizenship? If they don't want it, go home. Plain and simple
Make Dreamers legal make them citizens this is a dark day!
Do something about it Senator
Then I guess they should of gotten legal huh.
You know you're just playing identity politics to gain hispanic votes and nothing to enforce the laws of our country
You're lying but if we assume you're correct, do you think DACA ppl will just die when they get deported? Do not families migrate?
Cry me a river Dianne the parents who brought them did so knowing they were illegal not OUR problem American kids have dreams too
It's a shame they didn't come here legally
It's There Parents Responsibility don't U get it U R Close to Brain Drad
Up to Congress. Stop blaming Trump...you've been in Congress much, much longer than he's been pres. Good argument for term limits!
Democrats are becoming increasingly desperate for the future #DACA voters they are counting on to win another election, any election.

Is their parents responsible?
Then take care of business for a change.
Just do your job Dianne. Don't pontificate!
#SaveDACA #HereToStay
It's time for Congress to pass legislation to protect #DREAMers
kids very resistant.as long as they are w their parents they r good wherever they r.this is a chance to teach their kids to obey the LAWS!!
They may of came when they were kids but as adults they are criminals.
Then do your job and pass #ComprehensiveImmigrationReform
Thank you @SenFeinstein for standing up for #daca #Dreamers
Tie DACA to banning Anchor Babies 
Just do SOMETHING 
If the children are going to pay for their parents' sins can we throw Eric, Ivanka and Don jr. Into the slammer with their father??
Time to work together to make a permanent solution! Thanks @Potus
Democrats and Republicans must support the Dream Act, now!
do you still hope Trump will be a good president? because will NEVER be. you should full-throatedly oppose him.
SENATOR ALL's POTUS DID WAS THROW DACA BACK 2 U GUYS 2 TAKE WHAT  OBAMA DID ILLEGAL, 4 U 2 MAKE LEGAL! 4GET THE RUSSIA LIE & GET 2 WRK!
DACA recipient's have no bonds, no ties, where they will go. Fathers, daughters, children, will be divided. When have we so lacked humanity?
@SenFeinstein  your up for reelection is this just to get votes?
You know it.
Yes.  What are you and congress going to do?  Tweet your actions!
@KamalaHarris 
I have one question:
Can we talk about succeeding from the union now? This President/govt no longer represents Californians.
Thank you for cosponsoring S.1615. Let's get it passed!
Great! Once again, Cap'n Obvious, you are not a reporter giving the news! It is YOUR JOB to stop it! ACT OR YOU ARE FIRED. CLEAR ENUFF?
Then why have so many not even taken the opportunity to learn English? That's part of being an American!

but the real problem is the gross incompetence and negligence of the fed gov't in failing to secure the southern border for many years
And now they need to go to their "REAL" home and quit draining our system.
Do your job. Pass the Dream Act.
Too bad their parents  lived in a coruopt  3rd world cesspool  ( not the usa's problem !) Ur answer  ix to let them stomp into the U.S. ! NO
It's time to confront Trump for pulling out of the Paris Climate Accord.
Then you in the congress FIX IT! It's not the President's ability by law it's yours! More Crisis dividing USA Democrats.
Do your job and get immigration laws passed. That is your job do it!!!
Should have already been done
then it is time for them to become a citizen. If they do not want to they need to leave our county. they are now adults so no excuses.
They better leatn to speak spanish.
So what. They are illegal. Their illegal parents can teach them about their home country when they get there. #NODACA #NOAMNESTY
had to be 16 or under to apply for DACA, average age on DACA is 26, that seems like plenty of time to have started the legal imm process.
So why didn't Congress do something to protect them already?  He is giving you time to do it now it sounds like.  Congress that is your job.
So the ball is in your court Senator write and pass a bill .
So given that Tricky Trump kicks them out of the only country that they know, where will they be transported to? Who will love them? THINK
Finally time for you people to go back to Washington. Country can't stand too much more of you  being on vacation my god get back to work
That's their parents problems. Not the American taxpayers.
I kno ur getting old & possibly senile but u forgot the word illegally.Shame on their parents. During that time u & congress did nada #Adios
How about helping our own citezens?
It's citizens.... BTW.
Late night, tired eyes.
For me, its that darn auto spell... 

Their parents broke the law, you knew it & allowed it, which makes you culpable.
But,....and here what isn't talked about, we rely on their cheep labor. Many companies play both sides of the coin and congress knows it.
Docu Check will take care of that.
What have you done to help DACA recipients gain citizenship? It is your job to pass bills to fix this.
You Leftists have broken immigration laws for 30 years. You do it for one reason: VOTES! Immoral people spinning morality!
As I write there are forces trying to let more Islamic refugees in. Watch the doc called Silent Conquest. Look at the EU for crying out loud
Praying for peace.
Its U status quo politicians that created this mess. Come up w/ laws & policies then do not enforce them. No accountability 4 u OR illegals
Yeah... And my parents became citizens... So what is their problem? Don't defend criminals with the child card.
How long did it take your parents to become citizens? Did they enter the country illegally? If so, then by your logic they are felons...
...and felons deserve to be punished, right? All people who cross illegally are "bad hombres," right?
Too bad. Bad parenting is not an excuse to lie or steal. #TermLimits necessary for #AmericansFirst because @DNC is senile. Retire! #MAGA 
So send both their parents back and disallow funds going to Mexico.
Obama did more to hurt America by issuing illegal executive orders - & this is a prime example of one
Nope. End Daca
It will be great if they get to know Mexico which is their country. Get out of ours. Sick of paying their way
I hope #DACA kids can receive a pathway to citizenship through bipartisan efforts.#HereToStay
Congress needs to stand up to Trump and stop this
If congress would do their job and pass laws.they wouldn't have to stop trump
Dems need more illegal voters
That is sadly true.
NOT OUR PROBLEM. Besides most of them do know their home country and support it more than the US. They love Mexico. Send them home.
Please! It's up to everyone in Congress not to let this happen to these people.
THEY ARE HERE ILLEGALLY! If you lived in mexico you would end up in jail for years as an ILLEGAL SO STOP THE CRYING. ILLEGAL IS ILLEGAL!

 Border Wall Design 
   Watch and Share 
         
https://youtu.be/3o0pi2nUGP4  
Now let's see a little fire on the sen http://floor.You  need to go all twisted sister & have your "we're not going to take it" speech
Another vapid line from a worn-out old hag way past useless...
PLEASE stop voting with Republicans!
They are #American
No other nation is as generous and foolish regarding illegals. They are raised as South Americans by parents.  Not Americans. Many in jail.
What a wonderful opportunity for them to learn their heritage!  Lucky indeed.
#POS
Here to stay,gone tomorrow or was that here today gone tomorrow?
Then why doesn't the Mexican Gvt subsidize them??
Wouldn't their "home" be where ever mom and dad are?
#EndDaca registered voter in #california do not support daca
Like my grandmother that was brought here from Norway as an infant. Long time ago, I know, just reminding others of their ancestry.
Your grandmother was brought into the USA illegally?
Tough CrapTheir parents should be held responsible for bringing kids here illegally! Punishment is send the whole dam family back to Mexico
Typical dem talking pointHow about you care about American kid instead of illegal ones. 24.5 billion spent in Cali ever year on illegals
This is liberalism for you. Liberals do not care if you are a criminal as long as they can get your illegal votes.
POTUS HASN'T SAID WHAT HE'S DOING with DACA!  of Unnamed sources! HOW MUCH R U GIVING HARVEY VICTIMS! WE MADE U RICH! Give them ,SIS!!
NO YOU ONLY LIKE 2 LIE!! IF U WANT 2 SAVE DACA DAMN IT SAVE IT!!

Need more votes Senator?
Ed, you live in Flordia... go troll your own represenative.
Americans are being overwhelmed by mass immigration.  We matter too.
They will be traded for a wall. That's Trump's plan.
I just can't stand this...
Just a question from one of your constituents. How could you possibly state or believe that this monster can or ever will change?
He is following the letter of the law. DACA IS ILLEGAL! Never voted on in Congress, unilaterally done by Scumbama the lawless President.
How did they get here to begin with?  Illegally!!
So Diane, this wasn't supposed to happen after AMNESTY in the 80s-this is Ur fault w/ Ur ilk,& the illegal parents-not anyone else's!So stop
The real tragedy here is Obama's presidential overreach. Promising something that was illegal for him to carry out.
Obama knew it.
No deal!  No wall, resist!
Yea you keep that crap lawbreakers. Keep dreaming.
Senator,  if you are so worried about DACA recipients, then do YOUR job and not blame Trump for the mess you and Obama left him.
too bad so sad - it's their parents fault - not Trump's
Sen Feinstein, please do not normalize Trump. You already know what he is made of, Do not be fooled.

Why hasn't Congress fixed this problem?  Where's your bill?  Grt your ass to work.
Evil resides in this human slime
Blame their parents. They brought them here. Don't blame us and expect us to foot the bill.
Well, their home country should make arrangements to make them feel welcome and help them adjust
Please remind Trump ever day  he married an immigrant,his wife's sister in NY is an immigrant,& his US businesses employ ~2000 immigrants
Legal immigrants, not illegal aliens. Changing jargon doesn't change the crime
This is true Senator but are you guys just going to talk and sit without a fight? This is about democrats achievements in the last 8 years.
Well why cant they become citizens then? Im sick of hearing them..be a citizen like i am!!
Were you a citizen before coming into this country? No? Then try some compassion, its free to give.
Denounce trump.
Words are cheap. How are you and the .@SenateDems & .@HouseDemocrats going to help them?
make it so, Senator.
But parents came and stay Iligally,very unfair! Others kids are been Deported, parents too!So What's the diff with DACA??
DACA recipients pay taxes, contribute to soc security, and pay a very large fee every two years to stay in the program. THATs the difference
Still Iligals
Everyone's bloodline in this country began with an immigrant stepping on this country's soil - unless you're 100% Native American.
This is their home!
No it's not.their parent s r thieves.all of the illegal r thieves.by sneaking over here is the start of of it
who cares ?
DACA is unconstitutional. If you don't like it pass legislation. Otherwise uphold the rule of law.
Why don't YOU Feinstein introduce a replacement that includes real boarder security?
And how old are they now?  Come back in legal.
How bout we compromise - we legislate protection for current recipients, and stop the program going forward?
It needs to end Feinstein. I was born here and you destroyed my opportunity and don't seem to care!
"They've known no other home"

Same is true of immigrants! Yet still immigrate to another country. Must not be such a horrible thing. #DACA
So put it to a vote in Congress and make it law. As it stands now it is an illegal over-reach of executive power.
Right. It is their only home.

This country is their home! Congress needs to protect them from Trump.
Oh cry me river. Why not work towards becoming legal & stop milking the system generation after generation because u can get away with it

This urn is all I have left of my ONLY child because of ILLEGAL "Dreamer". @POTUS PLEASE #EndDACA & stop nightmares 4 's. #MAGA #Domhugs 
They have had many years to apply for citizenship. It's their own faults for expecting things,to be handed over to them.
Kids get deported can't speak language, may not have family there, thrown into a different world, no housing, no job, etc 
FLOTUS
It's a cover up Dianne 'cause tramp knows the pee pee tapes are about to be released. Same with NK! PEE PEE PEE PEE @realDonaldTrump
Blame their parents why haven't they got in line and become legal after all these years
Mr Nutty doesn't care he just wants to destroy anything Obama did when he was in office. Mike Coffman's Bridge Act will be ok for now.
Former President Obama chose to go around Congress. Being unconstitutional. We have a rule of law. Obama chose to not follow rule of law

Then help them become legal. What a concept 
Then blame their parents not the US. At what point do we say enough is enough?

The only reason why you want them here is for your CHEAP SLAVE LABOR
Sad that a US senator makes excuses for illegals but doesn't consider standing up for American citizens her highest priority.
Impeach Trump!!!
How does unsecured boarders and failure of congress to pass workable Imigration laws fit into your theory? Isnt it dangerous for minors?
You call for "patience" in dealing with Trump? You couldn't be further from reality. We need a fighter, not a passive rollover. #CA #RESISTS
Not under the constitution 
You should read it sometime
THEY WERE HERE BEFORE YOUR CRIMINAL ANCESTORS ROBBED THEM, EJOT.
Someone needs to round up a Who from Whoville and we need to start singing whahodorea until 45 grows a heart two sizes too big!
 I've been saying that kind of stuff too!
Fight harder against hate @realDonaldTrump is an anathema to #American values no #compromise #standup or be #complicit @IvankaTrump #DACA
When can impeachment be discussed please?  Must we wait for Mueller?
Take them into your mansion if you are so concerned you fraud.
