The Politibears say tell that to the Humans of Venice.  They have not been drowned yet!
Venice is currently building sea walls around the city, to prevent it being flooded completely: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MOSE_Project … .
If we do not minimize and mitigate sea-level rise, coastal areas worldwide will have to do likewise or be evacuated.
Climate change will cause tens of millions of deaths in the next 100 years, if we do not act to mitigate the damage.

Cut out the denialism.
One of many sources detailing the bodycount of unmitigated climate change: https://climatehealthcommission.org  .
I won't disagree that we can effect our climate.  But it's going to change no matter what we do.  But doesn't the US already strictest laws?
The United States is the second largest emitter of greenhouse gases in the world.  And in terms of emission per capita, we are quite bad.
We'll send them to Mar-a-Lago.  Trump will lovingly accept American refugees, I'm sure.
Mar-a-Lago goes underwater with 2 m of sea level rise.  Trump doesn't even care about preserving his children's inheritance.
Or he doesn't believe the hype and is willing to out his own property on the line. Think of that?
Trump knows quite well that climate change and sea level rise are happening: http://www.politico.eu/article/donald-trump-acknowledges-climate-change-at-his-irish-golf-course/ … .
LOL! Politico....
We must unite more intensely to dislodge this parasite from the Oval Office. It's no longer just about saving ourselves. It's a global issue
Waahhh..snowflake..get over it..you lost
Are you a bot cliche? Or are you just trapped in a time warp of your own making? I actually laughed :-).
The hard truth about climate change is if the scientists are wrong you still have cleaner water, air and soil. But 1/2
If the deniers are wrong, we have rising sea levels, more natural disasters, and less habitable places.

No brainer.
Had it not been for global warming (which created the North Sea), the Nazis could have walked straight into England. Think about it!
Are you downplaying  the importance of humans now combating climate change?
Climate change cannot be "combatted." But we can and should prepare for it - by eg building better flood defences.
Scientists concur that reducing emissions does assist in curtailing the disastrous effects of human made climate change.
Please explain how "human made climate change" led to rising sea levels that created the North Sea.
That is an irrelevant question to what Is happening now
Was it perhaps all the fumes from the exhausts of neolithic motor cars? Coal-fired neolithic power stations?
Just using irrelevant question to distract from the policy needs of now.
We'll do what we do which means we as individuals we'll fight against this atrocity
So, you are willing to SPEND $200 Trillion over the NEXT 100 years
so the temperature is 2 DEGREES LESS.....?!?!?!?!?!?!?!??!
.2°C not even 2°C
You should be the poster woman for "TERM LIMITS".   Give me a break.  Geez
Angels & Ministers of Grace Defend us from cretinous liars like Feinstein. There will be no significant sea level rise, famines or plagues.
Trump has openly said he doesn't care, that's why he lives in a high rise
Do you have a logical explanation of why so many ancient seaports are now far from their former shores?
Maybe in 1000 years you can tell us.
What if it's in 1000 years? Why do we have to be so destructive to our planet? Can't we b considerate of future generations? #ClimateChange
You have been sold a bill of goods Mary. Been here 80 years and no real change in our weather.
Its not happening
Really??? Nutjob! MAGA 
Yet you live on the coast? 
You claim to know science but deny a fetus is a human being? 
Hypocrisy!
#BecauseHeDiesn'tCare
I just hope they're all deplorable's.
Maybe Sanctuary Cities will protect them
This dude says God's got our backs. I'm assuming God also will take care of the people who lose health care, kids w/deported parents, etc.
God helps those who help themselves. They at least have to try. The government can step in for the truly incapable.
Help themselves cure pre-existing conditions? Ok, thanks for letting me know what you think Jesus would do.
Pfffftt, stay under your bridge. No one asked you.
Eat more Delta Smelt!  - Water Supplies Curtailed Once Again to Protect Delta Smelt  http://www.acwa.com/news/delta/water-supplies-curtailed-once-again-protect-delta-smelt …
Your statement is RIDICULOUS! The American People r waking up! We want 2 #MAGA! & President Trump is doing that very thing! So suck it up!
Here in the South all those beach properties are owned by wealthy GOP assholes, so who cares
Lol I grew up in California.... It's been falling into the ocean since I was born in 1970....Just moved back and guess what it's still here!
Please move back as we don't like zombie trumpanzees in CA
Triggered lol
More rich Democrats than Republicans..the more you know
What a load of udder horse manure! According to Gore, we've already been washed away by the melting ice caps 20 yrs ago. Slush fund 4 idiots
would that you guys had that in mind when y'all went ahead and signed unilaterally.
surely you knew these things need local consensus first
As the sun rises in the east and the stars come out at night, the ocean waters will regularly rise & fall.  #ParisAgreeement
You won't have to worry about all that you'll be dead IF and it's a big IF that happens
Move into T***p Tower? Lol...please keep fighting for us
Ever heard of natural causes? God? #climatehoax #wealthredistribution
What will we do when millions of people are displaced by sea level rise, agricultural failures or disease pandemics? #ParisAgreement
Build a barrier to keep the water out. Just like other countries on coasts have. #common sense
Scare tactics are so 1990's!  Doesn't work Senator please retire so someone younger with fresh ideas can take over.
Oh don't worry ,  Trump says climate change is fake , and famines only happen in third world countries ! Pandemics can be treated !
Ms. Feinstein, You have a better chance of getting sizzled by a Solar Flare, or exterminated by a giant Meteor before the sea displaces you
Arrogance to think we can change the Earth @SenFeinstein. God is in control anyway, so it is a mute point to me.#ParisAccord
This is a CON, by the NeWOBankers
who are TRYING to DESTROY the Middle Class of America.
like they did in 1929 w Stock Market Crash.
right?
How's that going to happen when the ice caps are 5% bigger than 1979, which was the end of a 30 year mini ice age?
That's a great alternative reality point, the Beard.
That's @NASA data, sport.
Great, crisis resolved everybody. Take it from a guy named the bears. He knows NASA science, apparently.
Beard. You can keep on regurgitating liberal talking points or you can go to the @NASA website.
The only ones in California that will be displaced is the rich that bitch and scream "get off my beach!"  So I'm ok with it.
Prolly best to retire and move to old folks home away from CA
I'll start being concerned when the rich sell off their beachfront property.
You and your party have been destroying lives for years.
Oh but us religious people talk about end times, we're crazy
Wow. Get hysterical why don't you. Next time try scare tactics to push your lies. Oh wait....
Florida looks the same as it ever did.  No sea level rise has occurred. NONE.
What the Democrats always do, raise taxes. ....
Just wonder with the sea level rise why @algore has a water front mansion?
Really?????
What will you do? Really? Got a plan?
All that was supposed to have already happened. So what's up with that ??? 
As long you're ok... that's all that really matters...Hope burial is on high ground...
I will think about that as soon as you sell your waterfront home.
How about we build a "high speed" train!?
I don't know, couldn't Al Gore just move his stuff to the 2nd floor of his seaside mansion to stay dry?
The ONLY thing that raises n lowers temperatures on earth is the SUN. I'll drive my 69 871 blown 440 roadrunner till i die
First is was an ice age, then it was global warming, when THAT also proved to be BS, its now "climate change" please make up ur minds
and while not perfect we have made HUGE changes in CA.We R not going backwards, no way.......
My husband is 100% disabled Vietnam Vet in your State of California. You've never helped us. I've requested & u respond w request for money
Omg the horror, politicans and hollywood elitists would have to move closer to us common folk, oh the horror of it all
I grew grew up in Los Angeles in 50's&60's.We usedto burn our trash in incinerators.We had oil derricks all over that would catch on fire in
,the Paris agreement was going to stop all that? Read Revelations darlin', I don't know anyone who can stop the Acts of God
Drama drama drama
Oh, stop. Dianne, even you know this is utter nonsense.
U need to offer a bill to over ride trumps decision(s) on Paris EVEN IF ONLY SYMBOLIC AS
Would u invest $9M in an oceanfront mansion if u believed we were just a few years from sea level rise catastrophe?
If libs elites are so convinced that sea level rise will destroy coasts, why isn't there mass hysteria by them to dump oceanfront property?
Yet, somehow, oceanfront property values WORLDWIDE have increased in multiples for past 30 years. #FollowTheMoney
What will we do when millions of people are displaced by sea level rise, agricultural failures or disease pandemics? #ParisAgreement
I don't care.  Do *NOT* expect me to pay for your hysterics.
Natural Earth changes are acts of God! The Earth was once completely  covered in ice. offer incentives tax breaks for people to move higher!
Apparently we don't care..or at least the MORONS who elected DT don't
Nice try but most people know it had zero impact and cost billions
dig up Trump and rekill him.
There are already a lot more storms here and over in other Countries....No news release on how much these storms are costing the US...
 please just do what it takes to get him out of office along w the whole lot of Russian spies and American traitors PLEASE 
ALL of this is BS.....just another con to get your $$$$$
The same thing that all humans have been doing since the beginning of time.  Take personal responsibility.
really...you are pathetic...
Move to higher ground, replant seeds, Invest in CDC research! You cannot mess with Mother Nature!
Yeah, cuz in 2012 we'll be under water....! Oh wait....
Funny how she mentions agricultural failures, as she has failed the SJV Farmers her entire career while taking their  with a wink & a nod.
When will you leave California? This seems serious.
#TermLImits  STOP WEATHER MANIPULATION FAKE DROUGHT IN CA, CHEMTRAILS ya filthy animals
Have a lot less Liberals?
MOVE IN WITH YOU  WACKO!!!
I know what THEY'LL do. Blame the Democrats of course.
So sick of the bs! Have heard these threats since I was a kid and none have come true. FOLLOW THE MONEY TRAIL!
First thing 2 do is support farming/farmers Stop inhibiting w/ idiotic EPA crap Farmers aging out Support young folks 2 do it!
Is your house solar powered? No. Do you fly private jet? Yes. What % of YOUR riches do you donate to or invest in "green" energy? Liar
No worries Di,
you will be done circling the drain long before any climate apocalypse Boo.
Can we sue @realDonaldTrump @POTUS for this horrible decision to kill us? Asking for a friend...
Don't know I'm still waiting for the polar bears to disappear #climatefraud #climatescam
You mean 5000 years from now? Which is the time it would take for that to happen. #science
I remember when NYC was frozen over in 2015 .. that Al Gore you worship was so spot on abt Global Cooling! #climatechange hoaxes by Dems.
Lots of new and valuable beach front to sell.  Drowned Democrats and illegals in the floods, so who cares?  MAGA
Try to remember that u r not a Sen of the Union of Socialist States of America; ParisAgreement is no more than a raid on USA Sovereignty
Get a grip, senator. Isn't there a "scary" gun u should be going after rather than pushing ur bs #ParisAgreement agenda?
Well as California support the nation in food, I'm guessing we plan to not feed ourselves! Do the right thing Barbara and get him out'
should i go to work tomorrow?  i'm scared!
That fairy tale would make an awesome Hollywood movie.
Yeah, 'cuz THAT'S the main focus here! . . .
Well, let's see now...Stone Age people adapted without technology & much shorter lifespans. We'll be just fine.
Goodbye Paris! Time to save America from the left.
In that case, I hope you are not Al Gore,s beach neighbor!
What do we do when the cow jumps over the moon? #ParisAgreement
We'll do what humans do. Engineer our way out of the situation.
I don't know....
Al Gore's movie said this would happen a few years back.
What DID we do?

Oh, it didn't happen? 
Ok. That's convenient.

Take the guns? That's an oldie but a goodie.
1 millimeter per year.
That's the average rate of oceans rising for hundred of years. No spike yet.
#climatechange #ParisAgreement
Chicken little! The sky is falling, quick run! Look , squirrel, #MAGA
Build some boats?
What will we do when the balrog steps forth from the king under the mountains home?
We will electing FOOLS like @JerryBrownGov @NancyPelosi @MaxineWaters @SenFeinstein WHO ARE RICH AND WILL SAVE US!     RETIRE PLEASE
Nothing can stop the earth's 65 mill years of climate changes. Also, when the ice in your glass melts, why doesn't your glass overflow?
Maybe we'll all move to Obama's beachfront estate in Hawaii.
You've been watching too many movies.
@CuffyMeh These Luddites have no faith in innovation over multi-decade time frames Phx, AZ almost uninhabited 100 yrs ago. Lush and rich now
How about you stop drug companies that CAUSED PANDEMICS first?
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/11205211 
http://jnci.oxfordjournals.org/content/94/3/229.1.full …
As long as people keep voting for u, we'll be ok
Wasn't Florida supposed to be under water by now? Wasn't the North Pole supposed to be ice-free by now?
Maybe we should encourage em to move out of a flood plain before they drown.
You do realize waterworld was fake don't you? Polar bears aren't drowning, coastal lands aren't flooding, al gore was wrong #hyperbole

Let's see...if we research both your & #California #History, we can deduce that given ANY disaster, California #politicians  #pimp them out!
No worries, u and ur ilk have already put are grandchildren in poverty with ur 20 trillion dollar deficit, so maybe this end is less cruel
We want the governments if the world who are responsible for millions of deaths each year to save us from this nonsense. Got it
Blame China for not having to play by the same rules because you're weak-willed.
Nonsense
I don't know, u let people build homes in Malibu. They can go build one inland I suppose? And quit driving cars in Cali too if u mean it!
Trust me they have plenty of time to relocate, something in the range of a century.
We let them die.  Less poor = less poor voters.  Then America will be great again.
Both warming & higher CO2 promote plant growth. How does that lead to "agricultural failures"? Too much sci-fi in congress. @SenFeinstein
Don't worry about me. I'll be fine. Thanks.
So why did the Senate not ratify this super-duper vital treaty? LMHAO
House them in California.
#WhatILearnedToday is that I could run for senate in California without changing my druggie Twitter profile
Really? You're going with unproven faux science that has been repeated time and time again for the past 50 years? Get real, or get out.
So paying billions of dollars into the Paris Accord will stop it... Ok..
Your only power is to tax american citizens and spend their money. Sit this one out.
Not participating in a treaty that would slow  temperature increase .02 degrees over 30 years AT BEST-will lead to millions displaced?
Even after 8 years of the superhuman sea level lowering, earth healing powers of obama?  You can't be serious.
None of this is going to happen.
omg your arrogance knows no bounds!
Probably the same thing we were going to do when the big freeze was supposed to come
Once again you present extremes when they don't exist. Time for you to step down. Oh, sorry, you're bought and paid for. Never mind
The same thing we did after Bush got elected 16 years ago
What will we do if we keep this agreement ? It will punish job creators, will unemployed millions of poor. And will drain 100s of billions $
But that's ok you've made  your $$ of the backs of American
Why move to Russia of course. Geeze senator.
The same thing we did when Al Gore loudly proclaimed Manhattan would be under water by 2015... Found Out It Was A Scam! 
#ParisAgreement
Flooding is happening to you all down the mississippi river.
Costing you all BILLIONS every year and rising.
Start planning to migrate now!
It's too late for the #ParisAgreement.  #GeoEngineering and #Fukushima are killing all life on the planet RIGHT NOW. #SixthMassExtinction
I am amazed by the sheer number of ppl ok w the destruction of Earth because it was prophesied in the Bible in order for the messiah to come
Liar. You know it's a fake. You're part of the problem
Move them into Trump Tower!
The same thing Congress does all the time. Nothing productive, nothing bipartisan, and continued obstructionism by Dems like you. Bollocks!
We'll move inland, 7-10 sq mi new land for every 1 sq mi lost land, raise more food with warmer temps and higher CO2 levels. We will thrive
Didn't 13 acres just get added to your coast? Won't even register on sea levels. People who believe in sea level rising ignore math.
10 billion gallons at once needed to raise oceans 1 inch. That's taking evaporation out of the equation completely. Never going to happen.
Now Diane @SenFeinstein, informed Americans know that this Paris Climate Agreement is about global governance & control, aka NWO. #SayNo2NWO
Can't wait for 2018 vote MORE of you  grabbing LYING obstructionist liberal's and RINO'S OUT.
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump DUMP PARIS AGREEMENT
But.....but.......but....the APOCALYPSE!!
My grandmother has lived in a house on the beach for 98 years. The sea level has not risen even an inch. #ClimateChange is a scam
Give me a "D.R.A.M.A".... Drama Bomb!! #ClimateHoax
LMFAO@U your liberal fabricated BULL LIES AIN'T working 
All this crap is and was about is a liberal  grabbing AGENDA look at how rich al gore got from fabricated LIE then he molests hotel workers
You allowed Obama to enter into a treaty with out ratifying it. You did not do your due diligence as required by law.
Without fear you can't hold your constituents in fealty; #ParisAgreement is a shakedown - that's why leftists love it.
Disease pandemics? We have that with Liberals and globalism
And in the 70s and 80s: What are we going to do when the world freezes over? This irrational hyperventilating is nauseating.
Axis wobble, solar flares, eccentricity in Earth's orbit you can't redistribute a countries wealth on these climate factors #WhyDemsLose
This agreement is ineffective. It has no teeth and costs much. China and India are not included. Bad deal.
What?! I thought B. Hussein had that under control! But... but... you said he had it under control!
Umm, what we've done since the beginning --- adapt.  Or, we can wait for you to redistribute enough to save us all!!!!
15 years ago we were told our coastal cities would be under water. They aren't. The sky isn't falling, chill out Chicken Little.
THE OCEAN WILL STAY PUT IF US TAXPAYER PAYS CORRUPT BANANA REPUBLICS $$$$$.  The ocean reads world budgets & reacts rapidly to carbon taxes.
"This has almost nothing to do with environmental policy" - Ottmar Edenhoffe  UN-IPCC official
"We redistribute de facto the world's wealth by climate policy" - Ottmar Edenhoffer UN-IPCC official
You mean like Al Gore said would happen years ago and stil hasn't?  Humans exhale CO2, maybe we should do away with humans?
Most likely jump for joy over the flooding of coastal liberal elite enclaves
GOP led Congress/White House will be happy to let the ppl BENEATH them suffer & die. It's really a simple plan-just take all safeguards away
Man made warming is a SCAM! Stop the redistribution!
