Because we know this is just a Trump guise to further suppress voter and citizens rights. You do too.
Since you are just another religious hypocrite and pathetic liar, I will BLOCK you! GOD will judge you. Karma sucks, Sweetie.
Vote NO on everything his administration puts forward.
Being a robot "no" voter, being absolutely partisan is not making reasoned decisions.
Fuck off egg.
Sorry, didn't mean to offend. I support Feinstein, not DJT, but didn't like the Republicans voting against everything Obama did.
I apologize. But I believe the Dems need to adopt new, more aggressive tactics. #resist
That may be true.
Voters are holding you accountable and want answers.
-Please OPPPOSE Senator Sessions, Betsy DeVos, all @realDonaldTrump cabinet appointments. Stand up for #Alameda 94501 voters!
Where is your statement against Sessions who will surely use these claims to block voting rights?
As a narcissist he has to come up with fantasies to explain why he isn't the most popular president ever.
PLEASE Vote against SESSIONS! You represent a Sanctuary City! You need to protect the rights of ALL of US. Protect ur people!
PLEASE OPPOSE SESSIONS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@CarolSkolnick yes it's called DJ T deflection, as in look there, not here!
why are you voting to approve all of DT's cabinet? I have voted for you all of my adult life and am so disappointed in you
Same for me. I thought she would #resist #California
If course it is. Call a Nation-Wide Election Audit. I'm not convinced that @realDonaldTrump is legit & sounds like he isn't 2.
A bipartisan, independent investigation should thoroughly disprove his assertion and uncover any Russian interference
We shall see. How many illegal's currently hold a CA. Dri. Lic. ???
Maybe we should have a do over & Vote 4 President w Paper Ballots this time. #Trump claims millions voted Illegally.
Since he's lying, when are YOU going to stop voting for his nominees & demand a new election? .@SenFeinstein .@SenateDems #DoYourJob #RESIST
#Trump is #unfit and #impeachable. Why are voting yes on ANY of his cabinet picks? Democrats learned nothing
Jeff sessions as attorney general would be an international embarassment
not to take sides - can you prove that it is absolute nonsense? Or are you just against everything the new president says?
EVERYTHING he says is nonsense, and yet you vote yes on his nominees!
Sorry lady I believe him there has been proof on the internet.
U need 2 STOP being nice! You're dealing w/ a maniac. It's like dealing w/ an alcholic-get it? DEMAND he stop.BLOCK his picks!
but it's your duty as a #terrorist #Senator #Politician to inflame the #FakeNews #diversion... #antiTRUST #Benghazi #Email
Please Vote #AgainstSessions!!! #EvilMan     thx
lots of us agree with him, so it is not nonsense. Look in your own state allows illegals to have drivers licenses, chek it out
A new poll by PPP says Trump supporters believe otherwise.
CALL IT WHAT IT IS.    LIES.

TRUMP IS TELLING LIES

LIES

LIES

LIES

LIES
 
NEVER OKAY

LIES

LIES

LIES

LIES

LIES

LI
and yet you voted for Trump's nominees!  SHAME!
Solution: another election!
i concur, but more importantly, what is the status of congressional term limits/flat tax?
DO SOMETHING!
Good reason to vote against Jeff Sessions
I personally know many that voted. you are far withdrawn and out of touch. I'm right here in the middle of it.
Does not allow him to spend our tax dollars investigating this.
voting against you 2018 as you voted against us with yea vote to Trump nominees
This is a smoke screen. Focus on the outlandish exec orders. Gag orders. Why r the DEMS not screaming in protest
it's a deliberate attempt to pass stricter voting laws. Call it what it is:  LIES
@DrNancyMD those claiming voter fraud have never worked for Hanover County, Virginia!!!!!!!!!!!
keep standing strong, speak out and vote no on all of donald's people and no to GOP plans to ruin America for most people
Hope you and other Dem and GOP leaders are crafting a plan to get him out. Delusional and insane have no place in the oval.
this man is delusional and dangerous. Can you lock arms with your colleagues from both aisles before he gets us all killed??
@bulldoghill while you voted for Pompeo.
But the American ppl will have to pay for this ridiculous investigation all bc DT believes the lie???
so true. But you need to stop rubber stamping his swamp cabinet picks and leading the resistance
did you vote yes on all the Trump nominees!
This is stupid. Stay on the cabinet picks. We are watching.
you know what else would be nonsense? you voting yes on Sessions.
Respect you and agree.  However, please find an aggressive way to use this against him.  FIGHT!
if you support sessions, you will open up the biggest voter suppression effort ever seen in the modern US.
no it's a LIE and u better stop with the nice talk or the Dems are going under the train
Other countries are watching this disturbing behavior. Russia cheered as they know he's unstable
Extremely troubled by Trump's troubling behavior. Gag order Park Service re: picture. He's controlling facts & news.
You are disappointing us with your Yes votes for Trump's cabinet picks. Start voting NO! Californians are losing respect 4 you
Show Trump and the Republicans the same respect Obama got from GOP. Vote NO on rest of his picks. Block all of their BS.
You know what else doesn't make sense? You voting Yes on Trump nominees. If you don't #resist you will be voted out in 2018.
how can you prove him wrong when there is nothing to stop non-citizens voting in California?
Now he gets to spend how much taxpayer $ chasing his tail?
@CherylStrayed As is virtually everything he says.
focus on real reason- voter suppression in country to ensure 2020 win; read Hitler history!
You go hard, Dianne. We are behind you but you have to hit hard
This is only the first shot across the bough. Soon to follow will be legislation to rig the system in his (and GOP) favor.
So is issuing drivers license to illegal aliens so they can vote. Hmm wonder which state this happens in...
You're clearly ignorant about CA motor voter law.
Does not put non citizens on voter rolls Mr. Troll.
@SenFeinstein
But doesn't preclude them from voting. Just enables them.
Critical thinking 101
Why would they commit felony if they want to stay here?
They want to stay off ur radar!
Critical thinking 201 Representatives condone said illegal behavior 2 include minority's group 2 alter influence
BS double speak
Typical lib, deflection when challenged in any regard; intellectually or otherwise. Surprising for a fellow worldly EE.
Look u came back w lame excuse that lib politician condone it, but no rational reason illegal would risk felony & deportation.
.@SenFeinstein and you have voted FOR all his nominees. Time for you to GO!
we DEMAND you and .@SenSchumer stop these political games & vote on President Trump's nominees. At this point, you both face fed charges.
how about you quit supporting him then
DO NOT APPROVE HIS APPOINTEES, ESP DEVOS!!!!!
You have voted for everyone of his nominees. Come on California, Primary this lady
you're a sorry excuse for a woman
You voted for THATmonster as CIA director, another democrat betraying their party. You too will be replaced
LETS  GO OVER THE CALIFORNIA VOTE & SEE, GIVING DRIVERS LICENSES TO ILLEGAL ALIENS IS IN VIOLATION OF FED. LAW.SACTUARY CITY
stop voting yes on all of his nominees. Voting no costs you nothing. Your constituents need you. Embarrassing.
you know what would really be ridiculous?   You voting to approve DeVos.   Also ridiculous you voting for any Supreme Court...
nominee other than Merrick Garland.   We can ride it all the way to one justice
your support for all of his nominees is complete nonsense
Yet you're supporting his fascist regime with your votes. WE SEE YOU.
what is absolute nonsense is your blatant resolve to not work with the president on anything. Investigate voter fraud
THEN STOP VOTING TO CONFIRM HIS LUNATIC CABINET PICKS!!! #AllTalk #StandUpForCA #DoYourJob #Obstruct #Resist
When he declares war on California and sends in troops will you finally stand against the GOP or be on their side again?
I agree, but what are you going to do about it? Will you reject his Cabinet of Deplorables? What actions are you taking?
Why didn't you block his nominees??
let's re-vote!! Then maybe the rest of the country can prove they came to their senses.
so then let's investigate and know for sure!!
yes, we know that. But WHY ARE YOU VOTING IN HIS CABINET PICKS?
why is your phone always busy?
Yet you're still confirming his nominees. Can we get an explanation?
we count on you stand up and say NO!
Well someone may have..... http://thehill.com/homenews/administration/316120-bannon-registered-to-vote-in-two-states-report …
He said that to @NancyPelosi @chuckschumer! Heard on #FakeNews they both got up, walked out of room. Told Trump you're a liar!
Did Obama request investigation of voter fraud after his inaug? I heard it somewhere but can't trust the source
no kidding!! DO SOMETHING about these lies
.@SenFeinstein Seriously. Stop colluding or RESIGN and let @JerryBrownGov appoint a Dem with conviction.
.@SenFeinstein Stop voting YES on his appointees, you weasel, and RESIST.
I said,tweeted  almost the same.. Sen. Feinstein
you and your fellow Senators can do something about this.
Truth to lie
please Do Not confirm the EPA or Price. And be rigorous in the confirmation process for the Supreme Court nomination
if he believes it he should investigate it.  If nothing comes of it the American people can be assured of our democracy
Can someone please explain to me why good Democrats are caving to his cabinet picks? There has to be a reason, right?
stop acting like you care about your constituents.
open up your DMV rosters from last 4 years & X ref w immigration rosters, pretty sure you will be surprised
@realDonaldTrump We the people shall see...1st
Insist on a select committee to investigate Russian hacking!
You reinforce the lie by repeating it.
Thank you Madame  Senator for speaking out on this garbage. It's a ploy to enact more, harsher voter restrictions.
tell us something we don't know! Like, for example, what you're going to do about it.
why are you voting for his cabinet picks then? California will not take Trump lying down and if you do you won't rep us!
yet you continue to confirm all of his nominees. Tried calling your office & got a busy tone.
Trump's illegal voter obsession is example of alternative facts he will use to distract us from misuse of power next 4yrs
So please vote against Jefferson Beauregard Sessions as AG, a known voting rights suppressor.
Just keep giving those nominees a green light. See how that works out.
.@SenFeinstein Oppose everything or we will vote you out in 2018.
Let him have his investigation, we may get lucky and find out he really lost and is NOT the legitimate Pres
You voted yes on all of his nominees tho
stop voting for all of Trump's cabinet picks. You are a huge disappointment. We may have to vote to get rid of u!
@CherylStrayed Senator Please call it what it is: an attack on our democracy
Just calling out the lies is NOT enough! He is a madman! Figure out how to Stop him NOW!
thank you Senator
I see everyone that supports you Dianne in here, now I see how you get elected time after time 
@AtticusWest #Lie Say it. Call it what it is. A deliberate lie for his own selfish gain. A LIE. FROM A LIAR.
He & they will use it to develop MORE ways to suppress votes and steal elections -as with CrossCheck. See this -
I am dismayed at yr support for his nominees. Voted for you many x, will think hard if you run again, assuming we still have free elections.
states that have opposed voter ID laws ...........there's voter fraud
A lie is a lie and you keep voting for his unqualified cabinet nominees.
and if it was true, then I guess he should not be president and all those certifying officials should be arrested for fraud!
@CherylStrayed then why did you approve his cabinet picks? Neither who really care for the climate.
Really? Let's double check just in case. What are you afraid he'll find? VOTER FRAUD?! #ProtectTheVote
Unless massive refers to Trump family and team: Steve Bannon, Tiffany Trump, and Steve Mnuchin.
and yet you're approving his cabinet noms
the American public knows this. Will you stand against this ridiculous and dangerous man every time he lies?
Don't take the bait senator! Distraction technique! There are bigger fights women rights,#DACA, please fight 4 us!
answer your phone, I have a few words about your recent vote 
So when are you going to #impeach  how many people need to die? if not #ImpeachTrump  How long till Judicial options available
As one of your constituents, I'd like you to start calling these kinds of things LIES.
any investigation should cover all states.Especially Michigan and other states that suddenly turned from Hillary to Trump.
...yet we all heard obama give permission to criminals  (illegals) to vote...
