Susan and Lisa were resolute throughout the entire health care debate. They deserve more credit than they’re getting.
I’ve had the opportunity to reflect and would like to share my thoughts about my friend John McCain. We worked together to ban torture.
When the Intelligence Cmte’s torture report was released, John was 1 of just 2 Republicans to speak in support. That meant the world to me.
John then worked as chairman of the Armed Services Committee to place language in the defense bill to outlaw torture.
John’s commitment to our institutions was also behind last night’s vote. I’m hopeful we can all look to that example and come together.
YES! STOP ACA hate & sabatoge by @GOP who are continuing to put OUR lives at risk-work 100% of Congress to mend ACA-not $ tax cut for rich.
https://twitter.com/CG83548496/status/891802225156263936 …
I very much agree. Thanks.
@POTUS President Trump needs to take away all subsidies for Congress today. U & other corrupt congress folks have to pay up yourself f/ACA!
I would also like to thank my friends, the electorate that made Donald Trump prez, to keep you three clowns from ruining America completely
enormous pressure from the american voters to REPEAL THE SCAM u know this why u tweet this
Who's the Lisa you are referring to old bag? We get Susan B. Anthony and John Adams.
Sure, since they are really democrats, it makes sense, right Dianne. 
You and your people will not be happy till you destroy #America
thet will b voted out next time. to bad the braindead libs wont vote your un-American butt out...
Love and many thanks to all the fighting Dems  and thanks to the 3 Republicans who made their votes about the people instead of party.
Yes, we owe our gratitude to @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins and @lisamurkowski for their courageous votes of conscience.
The problem is that most GOP are 100% anti-Obamacare because it's success is tied to Obama and his legacy. It doesn't matter who they hurt.
Americans are suffering while you all play games on healthcare.  Make a law that all you have to live with Obamacare till it is removed.
How sad and so bad for America. Of course u don't care about that as long as you hang on to your dependent democratic votes
So very glad they did!
AND THANK YOU TOO. YOU'RE MY HERO.
We see our true leaders hear. Thank you Sen Collins, Murkowski and McCain for standing up for the rights of all Americans. 
Agree 200%. We thank them for standing with US.
Thank for saving lives.
Hear hear!! And thank you @SenFeinstein !!
Can't wait for these three to get voted out
The Soviet Empires lives!
now corrupt Dems and GOP in the swamp can implement a #publicoption to bring down prices and give areas with no market a freaking market
Is like to thank my Senator Feinstein for believing in the resistance! We love you!
@gglightbulb I marvel at their courage! But if your conscience & convictions are strong, your stand will be strong! #SaveACA
Thank you for always making me proud to be a woman when women like you represent. Proud to be born & raised in California  #Respect
Proving that its ovaries not balls where true strength lies
Senator thank the @SenateDems  especially the Senator who is battling stage 4 cancer who showed up to vote. Thanks Democrats plus 3.
Courage. There's never been a time our nation has needed it more.  Indeed. @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins @SenJohnMcCain THANK U!
y'all just a bunch of bozos and bimbos
Your "friends" are traitors to their constituents & s/b ashamed of themselves. YOU ALL now own this disaster obamacrap.
They rock. Lets get this traitor goon out of Washington. He doesn't have crap except a pentient for firing, crying, and criminality.
Better yet, open by INSISTING on #MedicareForAll, then "settle" for a public option to control prices. #NegotiatingSkills @SenFeinstein
Gracious. I'd like to thank the Democrats who gave people healthcare in the 1st place & encourage you to pass a public option. @SenFeinstein
Courage is what happens when faced with fear and you do what's right.
Thank you for your work. Please now engage in informal conversation to prepare colleagues to remove Trump. He is destroying our republic
Now EVERYONE needs to work together. Health isn't about politics! It isn't about Dem Or Rep.  It is about people!
Thank you for doing the right thing and protecting health care!
Needs a song. Anybody up for the job?
Thank you @SenFeinstein
maybe we can get them to vote for DT's impeachment next?!

With respect Senator,  can we now seriously begin a bipartisan effort to define and implement health care for all of America.
I hope all of America's appreciation is felt by your friends.
Thank you
Thank you to all who stood strong fighting for healthcare , including you.
AND @maziehirono for her EFFORT.
yes!!÷! Tx, i have lympjoma, RN dince 89, no health ins. Except #ACA otherwise, nothing
RINO's....
What's brave about making HC so unaffordable for working class families? What do u care? U have had free HC since u fell off ur dinosaur.
Future "commissions" MUST include half women,
You Dem's deserve so much credit b/c you never quit fighting for all of us. Thank you!
Thank you, Senators, for voting for, not against, Americans, including your constituents.  Voting your conscience is the right thing.
let obamacare collapse. blame the dead on the DEMs. get rid of big gov  healthcare. free market healthcare. choices. competition.a la carte.
Thank you for your leadership Senator!
And thank you, Senator.
Now What CAN YOU GET TO WORK & QUIT PUSHING RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA!!
Finally someone got the order right
Now if only you would change your vote and support #singlepayer in the face of enormous public pressure
And thank you Dianne for always standing up for us. #ProtectOurCare
3 brave Republicans to stand up for their people against Trump & his bully boys!! You know in your heart The House would have passed it!
Today thet are friends to ALL of us!
Democrats need to 'reach out' to Senator Collins & Senator Murkowski, letting them know they'll be most welcome in the Democratic Party !!!
It was a great night. Hearing my Senators-you and @SenKamalaHarris - both vote NO! was thrilling. Please keep up the fight. This isn't over
Your 3 friends have shown me that 7/2017 MADE AMERICA GREAT.
I feel pride and esteem, after reading of PAC's pressure on 
2 women.
And there will be consequences! Vote all 3 out at BALLOT BOX!
A few good women can protect us all! #wonderwomen!!!!! The free and the brace!
TRAITORS  wanna be Dems
Wrong. Traitors are those who ignore facts & the needs of millions of Americans when Trump threatens that they better. #heroesarenotbullied
no sense arguing with a Never Trumper,  they don't have a brain in their heads, and they think like Liberals.  Good luck on your Obamacare!
Thank for thanking all three of them.
Yes,  thank you!!
God as you believe God our father will do it for you and your family 
for more information you can write me
Thank you senator Feinstein for your fight too. YOU have been here on twitter everyday keeping our spirits up.
McCain's quote "watch the show" showed he is for himself and not the american people. Why we need term limits.
Thank you too @SenFeinstein
Thank you Senator Feinstein 
What they did took guts.

I hope that with recent events and all more GOP members will notice that they voted wrongly on this one
It would be nice for sanity to be returned - at least business as usual
Thank you @SenFeinstein for your unwavering service to the democrats as well as the 
Thank you for your hard work senator Feinstein
Thank YOU Senator Feinstein.
Thank you, @SenFeinstein  @maziehirono @SenKamalaHarris @SenatorCollins  @lisamurkowski  &all others who stood up fort he American people!
I sent my thank you's to their offices
Thanks to YOU Sen. Feinstein and ALL the Dem senators for doing the right thing all along
That you standing by the American People and voting for what is right for us.
Thank you Senator Feinstein.

One of the best political moments in my life. I was a little girl when Carter best Ford & I cried. I've progressed since then. Astonishing.
Thanks everyone!! I'm sure many of us slept a little better last night thanks to your support!!!
First rest for me in over 188 days. 
A million thanks, to each and every one of them.
OK your turn Dianne! What do have for the American people on healthcare, as Obamacare has failed ?? Tired of being obstructionist ??
Thank you for fighting for health care
Here here!

Glad they're your friends.

@SenDeanHeller Bye Felicia ~
Women will save the Republic!
Yes I do as well. That took strength and moral fortitude in the face of partisan bullying
@SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski Spineless traitors! You all can pay the premiums that we middle class can't afford! DONE W/YOU
Now if you guys would only get together and file for a MIW (mental inquest warrant) on Trump we could actually see the light at the end of..
the tunnel. Just DO it.
It's over Guys, Americans are getting the true story of corruption going on in DC!   DWS-Rice-Comey-Brennon-Was I spied on? God send POTUS
Yes thanks to them. What happened to Capito? Vote blue in 2018!
Pressure on senators should come from WE THE PEOPLE not your party!!!! Voting on OUR behalf is your JOB!! #REPRESENTATIVEDEMOCRACY
Well as long as u & ur socialist friends r happy, that's all that really matters isn't it. You damn Democrats started this massive problem.
This isn't about who's happy. This is about who won't die now. I was in GOP for decades til a few months ago #andIamgratefulthisbilldied

We should thank them because we need  Republicans on our side.
Senator your single clap this morning was as epic as Ted Williams during the all star game. Thank all of them for standing tall!
Thank you for your service Sen. Feinstein! 

Why are the voices of reason being shouted down @gop @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr ??
Less congratulations and celebration out here amongst the we the subjects.  Obamacare still failing.
Thank them, indeed... they won't be serving much longer.
Nevermind the fact Sen McCain lied to all of his constituents!! #allliars
Thank you as well. But please, don't forget the extraordinary effort of Sen. Mazie Hirono returning while fighting cancer to vote.
Yes thanks to all 3!!!
We ALL thank them.
I hope people will begin to understand what real strength and courage look like. Sen's Colllins and Murkowski are real leaders.
I'm really hoping this moment will be the beginning of bipartisan effort 2 reclaim our democracy and support legislative norms & rule of law
Yes, please.
When you want something done RIGHT, look to a women. We really need a female POTUS to straighten this cluster mess @WhiteHouse. Do It, Sen!
But the first vote of McCain allowed the bill to go to senate. And only in senate could be killed (for at least a year). And McCain did that
And he did it exposing himself to great criticism for everybody who doesn't understand how these things work.
We thank them too. Finally, we can exhale. Its,been torture.
It was an amazing night Senator Feinstein. Keep fighting for what's right. You have our support. Greetings from So Cal.
Incredible! Inspirational! We just wish you Wonder People could block the rest of the trump's wide bullying path as he goes thru any day.
The night McCain burned Ole Dixie down and the Dems were singing na na na na na maybe we might could come together

Northern California stands Proud ...
You can thank them all in the unemployment line and over at the VA the new medical treatment for John McCain
It's good to be grateful, Diane, but you didn't just win an academy award, and they didn't do it to help you. #needabetterspeechwriter
Pressure and threats.Millions thank them.Remember when Medicare started?Needed fixes. ACA same-don't repeal-repair
And in at least one case a threat from the Trump administration to their state.

Really?? U don't hv to pay high prem $1800 a mo & high deductible & 20% coinsurance..disgraceful!!!
It would have been worse under Trump's plan. Every independent study proved that!
Too many people on Medicaid & Im sick of democrats supporting it.. Obamacare is s freakin nightmare. When u pay over $20,000 a yr for ins
I’d like to thank my friends, Susan, Lisa and John for casting the votes they believed were right in the face of enormous pressure.

Irrelevant
Insanity in individuals is something rare - but in groups, parties, nations and epochs, it is the rule.
With all due respect Senator, "enormous pressure" aka "bullying"... THANK YOU ALL who voted to stand with the American public, tears of joy.
Thank you, Senator Feinstein
