Seems only thing GOP care about is staying in power even if they have to cheat. No one holds them accountable- no integrity- so wrong.
It's the Dems like you who want no checks on voter ID. Therefore the Dems are the cheaters.
We want checks on Russian collusion.
Talk to Mueller he's working on that. Do you always keep changing subjects not a good sign of your mental state.
Jaq-how's your mental state? Good luck in your battle with reality.
You can't talk about reality you are still are up with HILLARY losing a year later
Jim- say hi to Putin
I agree with 1 person 1 vote each equally counted no matter location. My vote should not b counted as less than rust belt votes.
We have 1 person 1 vote. Each person votes to determine which candidate his/her state will support for POTUS. This is Federalism.
Not when you factor in the EC. For ex., Wyoming is the least populous state and gets 3 votes. CA is most populous and gets 55. When you
do the math, each Wyoming vote weighs 3.6 times more than CAs votes. The way the votes are distributed is out of date.
Would end last vestiges of federalism.  Each STATE casts votes 4  POTUS. The people don't directly elect the POTUS & were never intended to.
Then at least make my vote carry the same power as the less populated states.Right now my vote is a fraction of some. Make it equal.
Nope. The election of President should not be up to cities in primarily two states. The founders were smarter than you.
That the nation's "top cop" is being INVESTIGATED is enough to give ANYONE serious pause. Proof of how far down the rabbit hole we've gone??
Charge that elf with contempt. If I refused to answer questions, that's what you'd do to me.
conversations with the President are legally protected He doesn't  have a legal obligation to Answer that is why he said it was confidential
Yes he does have to answer. Only privileged if the President says it is. Sessions can't say it, Trump has to.
NO He doesn't if He did then Comey using the same excuse has to as well as others brought before Congress.
Doesn't matter much anyway b/c his answers were pretty much, I don't know, I can't remember, blah blah blah. He's afraid.
well Chrisby I think He was just being cautious and Yes it does matter This is a witch hunt they know it Obama and Hilary sold us all out
Not a witch hunt.Russia interfered w/election.Proof all over the place. Sessions just doesn't want to get caught in a lie.So he says nothing
Don't know where you get that Obama & Hillary sold us out. Out of what? Democracy?
I’d pay $1000 2fund free federal voter photo IDs for ppl who can’t afford one. Countless Americans would agree this is $$ well spent.
How can Justice protect the right to vote without requiring voters show identification certifying they are qualified as citizens to do so?
To require a specific type of ID is the travesty.
Shake your head & listen to it Rattle!
VOTER ID FOR ALL, YOU HAVE A PROBLEM WITH THAT?
What you talking about. Anyone that can proof Citizenship can vote.
How about voter I.D. in your state of California? What a great idea! Why didn't you think of it?
I live in CA, and I want voter ID. I'm tired of illegals voting for my CA Government.  @realDonaldTrump
I totally agree!!!  #DrainTheSwampInCA 
#VoterID
Excuse me Senator? Our vote, as a legal American Citizen is the most important responsibility we carry.The fact that you support the dilution of our legal votes is sickening and against your vow to support the law and the Constitution. Impeachable offense !
Are you afraid without the illegals you won't get re-elected.  CA is tired of democrats cheating. We demand voter ID
ty. Watching sessions whine and boohoo when Franken laid out the issues for him was disgusting.
As a California voter I admire the Senator please keep going with voter rights!
How could any president come in and do the despicable things he has done there has to be something behind it besides his madness
Sad to say, much of what  is happening in America is unacceptable, 45 included !
11 California counties, have more registered voters than adults eligible to vote protect CA from #voterfraud ...need ID
Do you do research? Some of those have not been deleted due to moving or death, they have not voted, they are just listed, to be removed.
active/inactive combine on voter list voting day a cheater could look at posted list memorize a name & address, repeat it to the poll worker
Shut up, hypocrite
We need to protect the vote with voter I'D cards to prevent illegal aliens and others from committing voter fraud.
Thank You
You @SenFeinstein are complicit in voter fraud by illegal aliens and should immediately cooperate unless you've got something to hide. 
Did U also tell our A.G. To investigate Hillary, Bill & the Clinton Foundation ? Start with Uranium 1!
@SenFeinstein How many Illegals Voted For You & Will Again! That what you mean by Protecting the Right to Vote? Is Why Dems Refuse Voter ID?
Good Lord! Please shut your face! We are so sick of your lies!! Illegals can’t vote and we are going to put a stop to it! DemonRats will never win again!
We need to get rid of all these Republican created barriers that allow a minority of voters get their way against the majority.
#DEMS LOVE ILLEGAL VOTES.
The doctrine of liberalism lives largely in you.
Everything this man stands for is unholy. He is not a Patriot a true Patriot would not agree. Like a true Hunter who feeds his/her family
believes semi-automatic weapons should be legal. A true Hunter knows gun control is a must! Everything this administration does is evil.
What a JOKE it’s been a YEAR & Dems have found nothing on Russia but u keep trying & Doing NOTHING for the PEOPLE that voted for you
Illegals don't have a right to ANYTHING!
Who has the right to vote?  You're saying that it's ok for undocumented aliens to cancel out votes by American Citizens.
You are entirely unacceptable.
The Obama DOJ's failure to protect our country from rampant corruption is what's truly unacceptable
Tell me how it is ok in your mind that an illegal alien has the same right to vote as I do?? And that their votes count as much as mine.  Can u really look me in the eye and explain that nonsense to me??
Best way to protect the vote is to verify identity and eligibilty.
You protect the right of the dead to vote? So stop complaining. Clean up your own house
Having people such as yourself in public office is completely and utterly unacceptable! You strike me as a hypocrite, always!
So what are you going to do to make him do his job or just start telling the truth?  Seems he is getting away with a lot of lies.
What harms votes is illegal voting and insider corruption.
You mean vote for democrats??
Really senator.? Where was the department for the uranium deal with Clinton? Amazing how dems can turn everything around. Blind eye?
I think you mean to keep illegal votes to assure Dems keep senate seats. Right?
They need to show ID to vote, drive or go to the doctor. Although I am sure many voters are illegal especially in California.
Illegals do not have right to vote . You afraid you will loose without them
Retire
All US citizens have the right to vote we need ID to make sure there is no voter fraud, illegals & the dead can't vote in our election!
Your screwed! !!
All the hackers and gerrymandering affects the voting public ...The EC and ultimately the candidates in the outcome
Here are your collusion re:Russia uranium mueller should not even be investigating he is part of it
We expect someone in your position, at your age, with your experience to know there is no Right to vote in federal elections. #moronic
What have illegals vote for you dems you dems make me sick so sick
Show ID you’re a Democrat ID stands for identification
Sessions is just an old bigot!
You mean protect the right of democrats to vote early, often, and illegally?  You should be ashamed of the lies and misinformation you spew.
How about you get our AG to cooperate and investigate our unacceptable voter registration logs that have obvious discrepancies?
There are laws in place about voting! How about following the laws in place. Not when it suits your needs! VOTER ID! Protect the citizens!
OMG the Liberals have gone crazy.
How about auditing the voting records in CA!
There is no "right to vote" for illegals!!!!!  
Sen Feinstein,U &Gov Brown decided we R a sanctuary state,Now more than ever CA needs voter ID, Right 2Vote is reserved for Citizens ONLY!!!
Go home and have a Geritol cocktail
RUSSIA HELPED TRUMP: LIE. Voter fraud: True-Democrat Party. Voter ID: Insure Legal Citizens vote: Dems/No, Rep/yes. Who’s the Con?
Protecting AMERICANS right to vote includes VOTER ID to keep ILLEGAL VOTERS OUT of OUR ELECTIONS!!
Any chance he listened?
No you didn't. You told everyone that you don't integrity of the vote. If the illegal vote isn't widespread why refuse to prove it. #Comply
He is a racist.  He only wants white people to vote.  And, most likely, only men.
Well note how similar indignant Southerners can be.  https://youtu.be/ZAIGROuzFSs 
Having your husband,a real estate agent selling Federal Post Offices , is a conflict of interest! When is this nepotism going to end?
What about the run-a-way Voter Fraud in CA??? What are you doing about that?
illegals do not have the right to vote!
1st step to ensure voter protection=is getting all dead citizens & illegals off voter rolls&Democrats stop hindering the feds investigation
Another corrupt democrat wanting the #illegal vote! Time to retire.Dems919915739917832193deportillegalmigrants  #BuildTheWall
You need to do MORE. Where are the democrats running in 2018? Get your house together. Get UNIFIED so we can fight this next year
"Protecting the right to vote" would be ensuring the votes of citizens aren't cancelled by illegal votes. Mexico requires voter ID; We don't
Failure to protect the right to vote, eh...like all those disenfranchised military voters...who tend to be conservative...vote Republican...
There is no failure 2 protect right 2 vote Diane! If U vote, U need ID 2 prove who U R, there is nothing nefarious about that! U R a LIAR!
Dummy, you protect the Right To Vote by verifying the identity of the voter as an American Citizen; not dead or an illegal alien.
You're a stain on the Senate. Your state has millions of illegals who vote with impunity!!
Why does fema require you to have an I.D. card when you are receiving anything from them but you can vote without an I.D. This is wrong.
US can issue Voter ID Cards! They have them in Mexico, but we don't? Why not Dianne? you don't want ID cards here. Scared to lose votes!
That's rich.
You need to read the Constitution and then immigration law and voter laws before you open you trap. You are evil.
illegals voted in CA, are you Concerned at all about that? I know the TRUTH https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JQJlmFqUA8w … Dems only care Money and Power selloutUS
Well yes but if I recall @attorneygeneral Sessions was not AG during election. Is this a correct statement @SenFeinstein? Y lash out at him?
you have to show ID to take an elevator in Rockefeller Center take a plane & to buy alcohol . Why shouldn't you have to show ID to VOTE?
Get an ID to vote. You need ID for welfare so the poor have ID you need ID to cash a check. Only legal America citizens allowed to vote
what you should have said ...."AMERICANS have a right to vote!  NOT Illegals"
You are full of crap Dianne!!! Why should any illegals have a right to vote. We need laws that protect OUR right to vote as citizens.
While ignoring all the other shit that was brought up. Fuckin retire already with your cherry picked outrages.
Sanctuary State Sen has audacity 2 get on soapbox 
about protect right to vote when 
Millions of Illegals in Cali 
Voted & U Oppose Voter ID
You’re of course talking about the right to vote for people who aren’t even citizens, right?
Dianne, your state is leading the charge on failure to protect citizens rights. Maybe aim a little closer to home

Failure to use an ID to vote is a failure to protect authentic American votes
What did you tell the Obama DOJ when they put America at risk by selling 20% of our Uranium then Clinton Foundation pocketing the $$?
Thank you Senator
SURRENDER! YOU LOST THE ELECTION!!  WAKE UP & UNITE!
Lady lost her mind
@realDonaldTrump @SteveBannen It will be worth the money for the Federal Govt to open up a free ID day. Then they have no reason to complain
Failure to protect the vote from non-US citizens is against the constitution. Did you not take the oath. Scared of what is about 2 happen
Don't u mean ILLEGAL ALIENS right to vote u traitor??
Dems protect illegals. Treasonous !
The right to vote belongs to LEGAL citizens of the United States, not illegals who think We owe THEM!!!!
For LEGAL citizens only. Valid ID for voting needed especially in CA where u & @Govjerrybrown covet the illegals.
People here illegally do not have a right to vote senator. Not a people have a right to vote more than once. Nor do Unregistered voters
The fact that you have to show id to do just about anything including buying a cell phone why shouldn't you have to show a legal id to vote?
Don't make it more difficult for dead people to vote for democrats please.
Why isn't Sessions being held in contempt of Congress? He had no right to avoid answering by claiming executive privilege. This is obstruction.
Sleazy DEMS love those fraudulent votes.
***Russia bribed Obama & Hillary Clinton to give them Nuclear material. Holders Obama Comey covered it up. They put our National Sec at Risk
Russians bribed Obama/Hillary Clinton to selling off 20% of US Uranium to them to make Nuclear weapons but all ur yapping about this?
How many millions of illegal aliens voted in your State Senator? #hypocrite
Term Limits! And get rid of illegal aliens
Illegals can't vote @SenFeinstein it's a privilege of citizenship, did you get the memo? #SessionsHearing
.
Voter fraud is real:
Arrogant Illegal Alien Brags In Court 
“I Voted for HRC 5 Times” Gets 8 Years in Prison https://buff.ly/2uFKa63 
The faces on the women behind you. Telling Jeff he should be ashamed of himself.
As long as they are American citizens.
Illegals have no right to vote! You should be arrested for aiding and abetting!
ID's are a must!  The are required to drive, bank, drink alcohol, and play Little League!
Only LEGAL citizens with state or Gov issued ID should have the right to vote.
Strangely CITIZENS have the right to vote. You seem confused...getting your meds from the little pharm down the street from the WH?
@EACgov Ideally a SSN should entitle voting on the contrary voter turnout should not be reckoned as a percentage conceptually.
So you told him and now what are you prepared to do????
To my understanding, this only harms ineligible and non citizen voters. Can anyone help me understand this?
U need ID for everything lady stop e the bs we don’t want your illegals voting period . Learn how to get Americans votes
Protect the right to vote for LEGAL citizens. ILLEGAL is not a citizen. You liberals are idiots. Liberalism is a mental illness.
My legitimate vote has been diluted by illegals, fraudulent and dead voters.
Then look to Cali and how many districts have more votes then qualified voters--that is criminal but Dems do nothing
You mean you want people that are not citizens to be able to have a say in how our country is run? You off your meds?
And we told you that you're 84 and u need to retire but u plan to run again?!?!?!
You might have had a better chance of making a difference if you had said the same thing to cowardly @EricHolder

Who's right? You & @TheDemocrats only care about protecting illegals so they can vote. @TheDemocrats are unacceptable.
And do you think he cared?
Nice try @SenFeinstein. Our @POTUS @realDonaldTrump & @USAGSessions is trying to protect the voting process.
Wow, such harsh language. Why didn't anybody ask Sessions about meetings, convo during campaign with many Russians? Not privileged.

Try!
They don’t care. Isn’t that obvious? @SenFeinstein
Wow, gee thanks for doing all you could!!! #notvotingforyou
Hypocrisy runs deep. . . .
How about we fire the liar TrumPutin made as US AG.
He doesn't believe OUR intel "I’m not aware of those activities,’and I wasn’t, and am not, and I don’t believe they occurred,”Sessions said.
anything to sell the left's agenda total B'S feinstein its call breaking  the laws!!!!
How in the world is wanting someone to provide identification to vote suppressing voting?Only those wanting illegal voting would not want it
Who's right? Illegals, felons, & the dead? The only reason Democrats are anti-Voter ID is that they are pro-Voter fraud.
The only reason to not want Voter ID is the desire to commit voter fraud. Even purple fingered Iraqis know this.  #DNC @SenateDems
I bet she doesn't remember when obama told illegal aliens not to be afraid to vote?!?
I bet she ignores or is in denial that illegal aliens vote! In all the recounts didn't hillary lose votes?
What is unbelievable is that you said  Voter ID laws do  hinder minorities NO it hinders illegals ability to vote. legal minorities have Ids
She's part of the "resistance" her actions & comments today were right up there with Al Franken.  #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
"Needing illegal aliens' votes, in order to retain power, I pretended AG Sessions was preventing living citizens from voting." Fixed for you
Voter ID'S are even required in Mexico. So what's the problem with having them in America. We The People demand Voter ID.
If your ILLEGAL you dont get to VOTE
It's time for you to retire, but you won't. Selfish strategy is to get 1 more term, leave mid-way & ur replacement will be hand picked. 
You are preaching to the choir nit wit! Maybe you should practice what u preach!
Don’t be stupid. Everyone has a photo id. It’s required to cash those welfare checks, food stamps, social security checks, go to school etc.
Your state has diluted the right to vote by allowing illegals the same rights as citizens
Public hanging should be brought back for you
And having your vote nullified by a fraudulent voter is equally vile.  But you never address that Senator.  Hmmm.
Repeating a statement means absolutely nothing, DO something about it then-if it unacceptable.
% !!
Hahahahaahahahahah!
Hahahahaahahahahah!
A Major Crime Boss Fusses & Yells At Police For Not Stopping The Crime Spree She's Leading! #NOSHAME
He is protecting the right to vote for "LEGAL" citizens. get it thru your thick, very think skull. "LEGAL" citizens. not illegal aliens. wow
Illegals r criminals. They don't have legal rights other than to go home. Dem votes = illegal w/you. The collusion won't end w/ Clinton.
Did you tell Lynch or Holder?I don't remember hearing any socialist voice concerning voters rights being protected unless they lied
You mean all our Latin Am neighbors requiring photo ID to vote are racist?
Same crap. Different day. #SessionsHearing
#TermLimits needed for this lady Dianne Feinstein
@jeffsessions needs to protect US citizens votes are not being erased by illegals voting!
You refused to turn over voter data for Trump's investigation into voter fraud...but NOW you care about voting rights?? #Hypocrites
Unauthorized and illegal votes are totally and wholly UNACCEPTABLE!!!
Clean voter rolls!!!
Illegals have no rights in this country, zero!
Then propose a bill for national voter ID cards. Problem solved!
The Right To Vote is just That! Every American Citizen does have the right to vote! Become a citizen and you will receive the awesome freedoms and privileges Every American Citizen is proud to have 
Right so get on the ID’s so we can make sure only Legal United States Citizens are the only ones voting especially your state of California
We want voter ID stop illegals from voting..
