(2/2) Our bill ensures the NSC will be led by national security experts, not political aides.
thank you for co sponsoring this!
- INAPPROPRIATE???  Ooohhh - strong word.  Seriously - that is pathetic.  Try "heinous", or "odious" or "abhorrent".
Those who put #Trump in office bear the blame for the #Fascist run Administration in DC - No One Else.
that would be the democrats 4 cheating berners imho and dianne=from my state shes a turncoat from the word go
Yes, Sen. DF is a turncoat of the worst order. She sold out to #Federalist #Fascists long ago.
only CA voice if reason
thank you. Stand up and speak the truth for us Californians!
Obama was a community organizer with friends like jeremiah wright and tony rezko
another demo crap hack ,got big L tat in that wrinkled forehead.
.@SenFeinstein Thank you for working to #StopBannon Your constituents are extremely concerned about this issue.
Excellent bill! Thanks for acting! PS "inappropriate" is too polite. Try egregious, outrageous, unacceptable, appalling . . .
understatement of the year
.@SenFeinstein Bannon was there as project manager. It's why he was appointed, to rid DC committees of clutter, & streamline communications.
thank you for speaking out about bannon. #nobannon
Thank you Senator! That man should not have access to information. Danger to the US and our allies #impeachpresidentbannon
Except that he has 100 times your brain power.
You being elected...was inappropriate.
pls tell whether you/husband/husband's bs own or promote stock in Tutor Perini? Should be easy to answer & end dispute 4 good.
And placing Gorsuch, a LIAR + Fascism enthusiast since his prep school  days, on the Supreme Court is equally inappropriate.
Your wrong!!  Mr. Bannon is a great man and has more experience about the Constitution then you ever will!!  Your a Sick woman
I would say anyone who trained Admirals for the Navy for years isn't someone who had no National Security Experience!!  More than a Senator!
ya...unlike what hitlery did? and obama....right dianne frankinstien? liberals, still clueless.....
every appointment the Twitterer has made is inappropriate, not to mention his sticking his family in everywhere, and we pay for them
thank you!
glad ur not my senator. I would b very embarrassed
rumor has it you voted for every trump nomination. If that's true, your fired! This state does not need sellouts!!!
that's all you have to say? Why don't we stop handling this with kid gloves.
Because it's a non issue. They are holding on with their last breTh. They have no power anymore, and scared
It's not "inappropriate." It's setting up an undemocratic shadow government. I think you should use harsher language.
We have that power in 2018. Get out the vote!
- Do you have anyone in particular in mind?  I'm getting involved, no, not to run, but to rid us of DF.
It's suicidal. GOP doesn't care.
Wasnt @StephenBannon a Navy officer, I think he probably has more security experience than some others.
what are you doing about it?  ! Get him OUT of the peoples house.. Before they create a war.
we want you to use our military, and oust this bigot out if the peoples house
He's way more effective than a wealthy, elite politicians who cares only for their donors! You don't care about Americans!
because we all voted for you so your the expert? Lol
why are d Feinstein crying about trumps 7 country ban as u call it you didn't mind when Obamas did it
letting Feinstein in her job is inapprpriate
Yeah uh ok. Not!
.@SenFeinstein - you're a dummy ... please resign!
He's much more intelligent than you.
Oh, shut up. Dems always think Republicans are going to destroy the world. In case you haven't noticed, we're still here.
he was in the military, were you ever? Criticism for criticism's sake loses credibility.
Obama ignored the advice of his National Security Advisers and his Generals. Where were you then??? Why we have ISIS!!! 
@SenFeinstein
o and H were isis
INAPPROPRIATE & OBSCENE
He's putting all our lives in danger. We think "inappropriate" is an understandment! #growaspine
Having OB as our president with only a community organizer as his only resume was also inappropriate.
Inappropriate is an understatement!
I've been trying to call your offices for weeks--always busy. Please oppose all nominees! I live in CA, and I vote.
so when President Obama put his people on it, who also had no experience, it was apprpriate?  #hypocrisy #doublestandard
"Inappropriate"? Pull up your big girl pants, speak the truth. Bannon is DANGEROUS, probably TREASONOUS.
Thank you!
No! Get. Angry. It's an affront to the constitution, it's morally wrong!
Looking how lib dems are misbehaving on the streets, he fears u might stage a coupe. Hence, an eye on the security apparatus.
don't be so polite!  He hired a guy who promotes a Supreme White agenda and hates everyone else! This scream Hitler's name!
@CastonChris   You are my senator, please stop using normal language like "inappropriate" Democracy under threat. Act like it
he needs to report back to Putin #trumpskkkabinet
Naw, it's insanity.
thank you for your leadership on this!
using Trumps words, just WRONG!
it's horrific .
yes her husbands military contracts might suffer! Having an eBay founder start a newspaper seems ridiculous too!
Thank you for saying so!
why didn't this get posted days ago. Ppl are outraged and if you're not there's no way I can relate
DiFi, "inappropriate" doesn't begin to describe it.  You need to take a firmer course.  We Cali's are counting on you.
please get him off the security council
Please don't let him get approved!!! Thank you!
Call NOW the Senate Committee on Homeland Security to say NO to Bannon at this line: 202-224-4751
Exactly. No argument that Bannon needs to go! So what are our Democratic leaders doing about it?
@RadioAndRock 
Time's to stand strong in action and words. Soft word doesn't work with Trump's  corruption and his followers
Thank you for standing up for all of us! I appreciate the work you've done today for California, and everyone else.
In particular, please keep your voice raised against Bannon and DeVoss. We're counting on you!
thank you!!!!
"INAPPROPRIATE"? That's polite. How about totally f'd up?
thank you for speaking out on this!  Agreed! White supremacy does not belong there & denoting qualified persons for him-insane
what made Barack Obama, a Community Organizer, a quality candidate to be a Senator?  But somehow he grew into the position.
Please continue to fight Bannon's place on the NSC. Fight and resist Trump.
it's disgraceful!!!
PLEASE!! STOP HIM!!! #resist #impeachTrumpnow #impeachHim
thank you for being an example of how to lead in a time when our commander in chief has gone off the rails
step up your game senator don't you see who we are fighting against.
sorry Senator but given that Bannon is a white nationalist, your language is too soft. Not inappropriate but dangerous!
Agreed.I thought her statement and deflection were "inappropriate." Weak language undermines the severity of the risk.
I need a bullet proof vest.  Have your Husband send me one.  Thank you @SenFeinstein
And strong ties to white supremacist kind of thinking.
Stop him, pls
@pierre Glad to hear it!
(1/2) Placing Steve Bannon, a political adviser with no national security experience, on the National Security Council is inappropriate.
It is plain subdivide
Why did you vote for many of POTUS Trump's nominees?
May abhor his politics and/or his prescriptions, but someone with 7 years as USN officer has SOME national security experience
have you seen his film treatment about Jews enabling global Jihad?
understatement of the year. More than inappropriate.
#BanBannon #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachPence
He is far worse than inappropriate. But I'm glad you are concerned!#resist
ya think! 
Agree. Please do all in your power to keep political hacks out of policy roles.
He's not fit for any position. He's an angry bigot.
Madam Senator, I know you've been at this a long time and this is the language you're used to using. But "inappropriate"... @SenFeinstein
...is an inappropriate word to use in this case. "Destructive," "a violation" or "extremely dangerous" = far more appropriate. @SenFeinstein
It is not inappropriate, it is extremely irresponsible.
I was thinking of a stronger word than "inappropriate".
You don't know.  John Kerry was an expert and so was his boss #NOT!
tell my about your bottom feeder ....
This I agree on.
Thank you!
being a white supremacist is not inappropriate. It is heinous in this day and age. Either stand up for the citizens or resign.
sadly, he proactively induced bigotry & racism; now what can you do about it?
Inappropriate!? Well, now that oughta scare them into getting rid of Bannon.  No wonder they call Dems snowflakes.  Wake up!!!
Impech Trump now, he's the devil
Which senators should we contact to help pass this bill
@CruzWhobris Many of us r calling Senate Homeland Sec comm. and leaving messages. Pls make sure our voices r heard.
Thank you!
sorry Senator, instead of such harsh works why don't you send him a box of chocolates !
All u have to say is inappropriate? Come on feisty, you need to get more fire in your words!
Inappropriate is wearing your skirt too short, this is placing fascism at our table.
placing a white supremacist anywhere in our government is dangerous!
"inappropriate"?  You mean f'd up.  
thank you
Use stronger language. Bannon is not "inappropriate" he's dangerous. #Standup or #RESIGN
shouldn't it be illegal. How can you allow that. This guy wants to blow up the system. Push back a lot harder than this!
Also excluding Chief of Staff &National Intel Director, turning off recording of phone call w/Putin, easing Russian Sanctions
What steps can be taken to insure that doesn't happen. Save us Seantor Feinstein from this madness .
inappropriate=too soft. It's  dangerous & therefore expect youll use all ur power2stop it. America first means politics last.
why don't you place an indefinite hold on Bannon's nomination to the NSC? Or are you part of the Neville Chamberlain party?
U know we are in trouble. GOP cntl is 1 thing. White Supremacists slowly driving a coup, unacceptable! Impeach to carve it out
Also insane.
It's a horror show.
And outrageous. Talk about "bad dudes"!  Bannon and Flynn are both bad news dudes. Gotta get'em out somehow.
thank you!! Now if you'd just answer your phone...
@IndivisibleEB YES!  #nobannononnsc #NoBannonNoKKKNoFascistUSA
Thank you, @SenFeinstein, for coming out against Steve Bannon's place on the NSC.
you are starting a civil war. People are getting hurt. Things getting destroyed. Please stop!!! Control the protesters.
So What will Dems do about it?!!!
Yes this! #StopBannon
Not to mention dangerous
what can you all do then to fix it??? Please do something!!!
please go after this HARD!! He is a danger to this country.
please join @NancyPelosi in calling him what he is: a "white supremacist"
#StopBannon #NoBanNoWall #JewishResistance #resist
It's criminal to appoint Steve Bannon to National Security Council.
Thank you! See also 50 USC 3021. Might not need new law.
and extremely dangerous!!!!!
thank you for speaking truth to the men holding our country hostage. Your colleagues could learn so much from you.
Who cares. 'Bam was up to the wazzu in "experts" with lots of experience, and they left a damn mess in the middle of the road!
insanity is a better word.
Keep saying this-keep in the NEWS with ALL mess-ups he's already been architect of: Yemen, Muslim Ban, Holocaust day observe
pleas get him out of the WH!
@POTUS  You did not seem to mind when Obama placed Susan Rice is such an exhaled position, for which she possessed NO exp.
Your in office?
Placing a man who never held a job his entire life and has no political experience was the first mistake.
everything he does is inappropriate. Calling it out isn't doing enough to change it. We all need to do more to bring a change.
"Inappropriate"?!! Can we get an anger translator for that?
exactly right Senator, Politics has no place on the National Security Council. Thank you!
he is #assistanttopresidentbannon
Please vote no on all nominees. We can at least go down swinging.
voted no on Tillerson. Hoping she votes no on the remaining insane picks.
I understand. Now is not the time for compromise.
@KamalaHarris what can we do? Who can we call? So many of us are newbies to process, just tell us how to help!
So is voting for DT unqualified nominees ready to cheat taxpayers at every turn!  What about Russia collusion?
the death of Kate steinle was inappropriate and offensive
please get tougher Dianne. We're fighting for our lives here #TrumpRussia #NoBanNoWall #DworkinReport
.@SenFeinstein That is being kind about things, dear Senator...I must agree, but, I can't post the other word. You're a lady lol
DeVos is a bad idea and got caught lying through omission...some christian she is
Darn tootin'. My prayers are with you as a battle for the soul of America looms. #Resist #Fight
The DOJ on the tarmac with CLINTON was inappropriate @POTUS @senateMajLdr @stevebannon69
Are Fucken Blind CLINTON Owns the DOJ since Arkansas Old dope History read up
Dry off your ears   how many grains do you want
thank you!
It's also insane, ignorant and frightening beyond measure.
#IMPEACH #impeachTrumpnow
thank you. I was one of the people who called to express my concern. I feel heard.
not even vetted what gives no screaming from Dems no complaints was vetted more  when working USAF As recreation director!
Can anything be done about it?
comment is understated! If anything Trump's action will spur stricter laws.4 people who decided attack in Yemen not qualified.
I agree, Bannon has Go! I'm sure on personal level, nice, politically,no business with SLIGHTEST TIES to EXTREME RIGHT!
and its inappropriate u have the best healthcare on the taxpayers back while we struggle with Obamacare
You as senator is inappropriate! every time I see you on television I am embarrassed for the USA. Please resign!
and putting Milo into press briefings is appalling too
keep an eye out Ms Feinstein.
Placing Bannon on NSC is not just inappropriate. It is wrong, and it is offensive.
.@SenFeinstein Yes!  And a review of NSPD-51 signed by GW Bush (2007) has me terrified that something sinister is brewing.
we are clearly under attack! The attackers r on the oval office n congressional Republicans! This is beyond partisan! SaveUSA
YES
Or "Placing Steve Bannon a white supremacist on the the NSC is F****** nuts!
so just exactly how is Bannon a White Supremacist? He spent years serving and his peers say nothing but 
Google "KKK on Bannon"
we are watching how your voting!!!
Thank you Senator for being the voice of reason.
Thank you for working to protect us!
"inappropriate" is a monumental understatement.
Obstruction is our best hope
neo-nazi takeover of america is teensy bit inappropriate yes
I'll say!
YES IT IS
