Still waiting for you to condemn the Antifa domestic terrorist.  You are a hypocrite!

Yeah...what should he do about Democrats?
ANTIFA & BLM ARE Domestic Terrorists 
http://truthfeed.com/obama-meets-with-domestic-terrorists-black-lives-matter-for-3-hours/11732/ …
"Apologize for you Whiteness by ending free speech" @cambridgeantifa "White people are the enemy" "Welcome to the future - no White people"
Next question ... Senator Feinstein can you ignore Antifa? You can see it for yourself on my timeline. It's from 8/19. Whose side are you on
How about the free speech of unite the right? The DNC and all its members are the true domestic ter-rorism
This is  domestic terror group 
You leftest need to stop the negative rhetoric of @POTUS he is our president & yours too. He made it clear already ENOUGH and get to work!

I hope All Congress will refuse to work with our White Nationalist President. His beliefs are not Real Americanswe accept all people!
Totally wrong about Trump have you noticed all demonstrations are occurring in Liberally Governed cities staged violent encounters Soros
Ever thought that's why Nazi blogger picked Charlottesville? After all they(town) did refuse him , he took it to court.They want attention !
Notice the Socialist Agitators didn't pick a coservative governed city only Liberal infused cities ! Why did police back off Hillary

As in #antifa? The #domesticterrorists voted for you. You are a nut, your supporters are too. #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
Investigate the real terrorists: ANTIFA
Why not? Obama ignored blm for years
So how about Maria nadal? No comments? She's one of yours. Why don't you ever reply? Especially about what Maria said

does this sound familiar?
But yet..You now think 12 days later this man should be given patience? Wtfreak message are we sending Senator
I just received hate filled email from @SenFeinstein , comparing our Pres. immigration policy 2 racism. Aren't u old enough 2 know better?
THAT'S WHY you think it's OK for ANTIFA to target other ralliers, on our behalf.
We have to stay VIGILANT.  So Mueller 3's sedition is OK?
What about the early release of violent criminals in Calif ? A domestic terrorist creation U have sanctioned? Protect law abiding citizens!
"We've got to stop the violence -the President is right about that."- @AlvedaCKing. Watch this video then share!
White supremacists & antifa are both wrong & are hateful nutcase groups that need abolished. #loveoneanother
You mean since YOU let Mueller trash FBI on AQ so 911 + YOU let Bush43 invade Iraq,?  AND you buried my casework request?  I.S.U.S. GONNA!
Those R your people....
U need to resign! https://twitter.com/jojoh888/status/898623386292801537 … ur obviously a swamp creature that needs to go in not calling it the way it is.U should be ashamed
We see who you are. Antifa exposed. Not like CNN would ever show it, so here you have it .@POTUS time to label them  #AntifaTerrorists  
Maybe if the government banned paid for actors from doing this their would be less violence. Hello. Remove the ads in Craigs List.
Your side is the domestic enemies  Go eff yourself
Correct We need to vigilant speak up and our leaders to take action! BLM who want to kill cops! Antifa just as violent! Nasty
So why aren't the Congressional Democrats calling out the group's behind this domestic terrorism
Impeach Feinstein! Waters! Pelosi! Schumer! Jail them as the criminals the are!! Arrest both Clintons!  All guilty of crimes against nation!
Reminds us of your bullshit and double standards. You're some of the crap in the dc sewer.
TRUMP IS A LEADER OF DOMESTIC TERRORISM?  WHAT IS GOING TO BE DONE ABOUT THAT?
You imply that he is ignoring it. Proof senator
How many murders & assaults committed in the past week in California by violent thugs?  Your hypocrisy is astounding.
Democratic Party and biased liberal media is spreading all the hate in this country on a daily basis "ma'am " of which you're part of
Unlike obama he's watching domestic violence and wants to keep terrorist Muslim out while libs want them here

It's not the Patriots it's Socialist Nazis and Socialist Communists Hillary Soros paid and the liberals as usual invert the facts.

No Alt right please, it is terminology they created to distract from the negative term white supremacist, don't let them dictate terminology
Don't use the white Supremus terms
Domestic terrorism is certainly a threat.  That includes left-wing violent so-called protesters that prevent free speech of others.
Ofcourse she isnt. Racism towards whites and conservatives is allowed all day, every day by their logic.
So you're saying border control and immigration restrictions are a good thing?
The worst intel failure of all:  Obama's background check.   There wasn't any.   Even today, nobody knows for certain where he was born
Her intelligence failures must run in the hundreds by now - N. Korea, Benghazi, WMD in Iraq, World Trade Center 9/11/2001, 
so much more.
Feinstein couldn't care less about terrorism, or she would have resigned from office and apologized for incompetence.
Dems continue to present false narrative of racism in WH. This is untrue and dangerous to both sides.  Future blood is on your head, own it!
Remove domestic terrorist, Sen Maria Chappelle!  Taxpayers will not allow this woman to continue in office.  She is a disgrace!  Offensive!
Members of Congress cannot continue to project false narratives of racism in WH w/o taking consequences for violence to follow.  Criminal!
Yes stop ANTIFA DEMOCRAT Terrorist.
So Bill Clinton DEMOCRAT signed into law making Robert E. Lee a holiday in Arkansas. Confederate Statues we're Democrats. Trump's a Racist 
Vigilant or vigilante ?
You mean like Obama did in Ferguson and Baltimore? HE created the divide. We have Trump BECAUSE of the divide.
These hate groups are a network of  domestic terrorist cells and should be treated accordingly.
Further @realDonaldTrump should not be addressed as president as he has made a mockery of the office of President and should be removed.
Trump can't ignore that he's a loser and must resign & you must demand he do so. He is a racist w/racist employees. Unfit, unstable
Liberals are the domestic terrorists
As an #American #citizen #California resident, I am requesting an Amendment to the Constitution. TY, Senator! #Nazi
!#AMEND1STAMENDMENT! France+Germany prohibit public display of #Nazi symbols/swastika/SS logo, except4 historical purposes #neonazi #Impeach 
Thanks Senator Feinstein!  You have a firm grasp on the obvious!  Please retire!
You and Pelosi must be partying together with the tequila worm. It's to bad you both are suffering from Headuprectumitus.
since when is he ignoring it?   you have a problem resign
Just think how polar opposite Adm. McRaven. This video is one you might like - watch to end! McRaven is a beacon!
Good idea
Beware of the left!
He is vigilant and you need to get back to work.
Are YOU kidding me!!!  Get him the wall.....look what is happening in Europe! You want to bring MORE un-vetted imigrants in?  SHAME ON YOU!!
Ooo so now your worried about terrorists but never Islamic terrorists right
Liberals think Islam is a race a people ! It's neither a race or people themselves it's a political conquest machine want to control usa
Just in case you don't know..Erik Prince's Plan to Privatize the War in Afghanistan

President Trump was meeting with his aides on Friday.
Yes he can and he will if it suits him. All bets off with this clown.
Remember nobody was talking about keeping Americans safe until Trump came along the Dems were all about open borders Sanctuary City

It it was ok for Obama to ignore domestic terrorism when cops were being killed right?
Violence 2ward WOMEN American EPIDEMIC: whatever the excuse Angry Mean Men COST US women as Victims &BILLIONS in Tx$
Yes all fringe grps must stop. Alt right and alt leftboth violent
Both groups Socialists suffering from End Stage Liberalism disease ! Fanatics no treatment No Hope !
super zionist Dianne....
Why would he stop such fine people?  Please Senator Feinstein, please,  please figure out a way to stop this madness.
Think 25th Amendment.
Please impeach
Please do MORE than just be VIGILANT
Begin with arresting Feinstein for inciting violence!
This women is a crook
You are so right senator! Communists, white supremacists and ANTIFA should be deported immediately!!
What would U call antifa and Blm. Please tell us your view. MAGA #fantifa
Where is the GOP OUTRAGE? This is on them and they still protect and shield him! 
Hmmm, I suppose then, you have a lot to answer for with the attempted assassination of GOP congressmen. R U just full of hate? Stupid? Both
The only ones ignoring any type of terrorism are Dems. MAGA #calexit
That means you to Senator
That means we can no longer ignore the left's anarchy.politican's and media sources that keep driving this agenda need immediate removal.
Dems are the ones instigating riots demonstrations dividing the nation
Oh, don't go there Diane. Obama ignored domestic terrorist and invited them to the White House put them on an advisory board BLM

Put a Trump sticker on your car and drive through Berkeley 

History effects the present and future. Mistakes should be corrected.


You're the one ignoring Antifa and BLM, they are domestic terrorists.

He is trying not too, but liberals keep attacking him. You can't have it both ways
Come on Dianne time to step up,your always saying what Trump is doing wrong,what about Maria nadal? Nothing. Get behind Trump and #maga

You should be overjoyed to hear the D.C. Shooter will not have his sentenced reduced. Vigilance is eying both extremes.
Thank God he is President because he Called it like it was!
and yet you stay silent when BLM & ANTIFA are out causing chaos??? HYPOCRITE!!!
Shut the NRA up. They r the real terrorists.
It's called gangs.  What have you done in your state to free it of gangs
Lady! Domestic terrorists has been running rampant for years now.  You seemed fine playing it down for the last eight years.  Get a grip.
Let cops do their job. Who ordered them 2 stand downMcAullifeMayor SignerSorosHillaryHeather wouldve been alive
The bs. you spout. Are you going to have the mayor arrested for ordering the cops to stand down?
Why don't you denounce all domestic terrorism.  Repeal and replace Congress. http://Opensecrets.com 
White domestic terrerism. Vote you out 2018. Done
ALWAYS!
Well in county of fresno da aware of TRUMPISM campaign with your name for endorsement Jim Costa Kamala Harris were listed too FPD CHIEF INFO
Every radical leftist group is out for blood ! Like Hillary Hiring Rioters for Trump events then asking him to apologize for Her Haters Lol
People like you are the reason for the hatred in the US today.
Like the ANTIFA attacks?? Yep they were there, with Neo-Nazi, White Supremacists, BLM, & legit protesters. Ignore??
It doesn't take much of a reminder being for the TRUTH you state now. Sen.Dianne Feinstein of S.F. Calif.
Didnt he say both sides and as in all hate groups?
I guess you're saying you finally support the travel ban and building the wall. Thank you senator.
Antifa?
Hillary got Margaret Sanger Award a racist advocate of eugenics; will HRC give it back? Will the left repudiate?
Nazis kill tons more people these days than anyone else. We have cities full of nazis and white supremacists everywhere, says propaganda.
Yes. We must stop Soros from funding #BothSides and designate #AltLeft #AntifaTerrorists masked militants!
Domestic terrorism has no end other than education and Economic. It’s more of an existential issue IN MY OPINION.
if you would leave there wouldn't be as many
I assume you're referring to antifa?
No one is asking him to ignore threat of domestic terrorism. Just for you to admit the extremists on both sides and to stop bulk labeling.
Really you want to go there he's been trying to ban people from other countries getting here it's the Democrats that are f****** it up
If the Democrats would work with Republicans we could get some things changed and done quit being a hard-ass passing f****** bills
Dems have been begging for bipartisan work for eight years, are you deaf and blind?
Trump is ignoring nothing.  He's not Obama

Right Wing Domestic Terrorism is real.
