I agree... much better than your average public school.
Charter schools do NOT do a fantastic job.  They take funds and resources from public schools and are often ineffective.  Do your research!
Is this a joke? I thought that you were supposed to be a Democrat!
@cenkuygur #TYTLive
http://thewire.k12newsnetwork.com/2017/04/19/stacking-the-deck/ …
These "Democrats" are such in name only. They are Est. Sellouts, slaves to their Corporate/Donor Masters.
Only solution: primaries! #TYTlive
Unfortunately, there is way too many of them. The #LAUSD School Board races have been inundated by charter funding.
1by1 they shall fall.
People must get more involved on the Local/State lvl, not only every 4 years for PotUS. #JusticeDemocrats are one way.
No they don't Senator.
Charter schools are just a way to give up on great public schools for everyone. Re-think this.
@WeAreCTA I am appalled and disappointed to read this tweet. Keep money in public schools!
Time to retire Senator
Come on! the study just came out saying they weren't successful. Senator, please, we need you to fight for us, not for Betsy DeVos & her $
Statistics would say otherwise... or did you not take that class in high school? college?

You cannot be progressive and be pro charter. They are destructive to public education &our children. Predatory privatizer profitizers.
Last straw Senator Feinstein, we need a real progressive representing our state. #NoFeinstein2018
wow you really need to retire
Senator, you know better and our kids deserve better.
Research shows charter schools typically do no better, and often far worse, at teaching than do real public schools
Another slap in the face of us teacher's who teach ALL students, not a cherry-picked selection
They really don't.  It's time to examine the details and fund our public schools, for our students and teachers.
Please support real public schools instead of billionaire backed "schools" that siphon public money into private hands
I'll give you credit, Sen. Feinstein, takes courage to support charter schools. U will be skewered by your usual minions.
Charter schools take money away from public schools. They're not the solution. Please do more to support public schools.
How much $ do you & hubby have invested in charter schools? Why do you support Devos and her mercenaries? Dianne the #DINO please resign!
Evidence is much more mixed than that, and as a Dem you should be much more skeptical of union-busting http://credo.stanford.edu/documents/NCSS%202013%20Final%20Draft.pdf …
Charter schools do an excellent job of undermining the public schools and siphoning off their funds. Let's have Public Schools week!
Really?
Aybe if they're regulated, held accountable, and don't gut public schools. I doubt those are @BetsyDeVosED's priorities. #PublicSchoolsWork
Drain public school system funds. FYI, Charter Schools do NOT provide quality ed & go belly up at high rate. Kids arrive: closed doors.
oh no you didnt say this?
Sen @SenFeinstein - we don't need charters or the need to privatize education. What we need is full-throated support of public ed!
That's not what the factual studies show, Senator. You can do better than this bit of nonsense. #2018
NO!  Public schools need your support now more than ever! Please educate yourself on harm charters are doing to communities. @STANDpublic
We became a strong nation, in large part, because we have a tradition of free, quality, compulsory, public education. Fix. Don't waste it.
ALL available data says they're an epic failure (except at resegregation of schools). #PublicSchoolsWork #wefight
Abundant research demonstrates that charter schools are no better and often much worse than public schools, despite their funding advantage.
what on EARTH happened to you??  i regret voting for you.  you've really let your constituents down.
Senator, 90% of our children depend on public schools for their education. Why not fund THOSE schools at that level?
I couldn't agree more! I'm sad to see so much misinformation perpetuated in the comments!
That would be a no Senator, there are plenty of charters only in it for the $
They also do a great job spending public school money with no accountability while paving the way to privatization of public schools #Resist
Please truly research this. I completely disagree.
I think "some" was missing from the headline. 
No they don't Senator.
Charter school < home school
maybe we need a better rep who will stand for public schools.
Some do, some don't. Broad brushstrokes are a sign of a lazy intelect, Diane. Policy, not platitudes please.
#CharterSchoolWeek/#CharterSchools/Privatization Explained: https://eduresearcher.com/2017/04/24/privatization-explained/ … #CashingInOnKids #Segregation #ALEC #TaxTheft #EduFraud
These are Trump/DeVos talking points...
How many scandals do kids have to go thru and taxpayers have pay for!?
Private or public?
No, they don't. Please educate yourself re: facts about charters. Keep public schools public.
I am so disappointed in this tweet.  Charter schools are robbing public education of needed funds and do not do the job required.
Come on senator, you know this is wrong, there is so much corruption in the system, you are better than this
Mmmmm no not with my tax dollars.
This is shocking and disappointing.
You like them because they help funnel money upwards to the richest few. AKA, people like DiFI.
#DemExit
Charter schools overall do NOT do this. Cannibalizing public schools is not the answer for California students
Ah - no. Just no. Thanks for selling out public schools in favor of #charterfraud. I'll be donating to your challengers.
wrong. charters are a recipe for privatized corruption; millions of people lost trust in Democrats for abandoning public education.
Charter schools siphon funds away from public schools, decimating them. Public schools r cornerstone of our democracy & need more support.
With respect, you should do your research on charter schools. See @network4pubed & @dianeravitch.
Charter organizations do a terrific job of lining candidates' pockets and taking $ away from public schools. Shame!
As a veteran public school teacher during teacher appreciation week, I find this as insulting and ignorant as all establishment dems #Shame
This is why the Democratic Party is no different than the Republican Party when it comes to education- privatization :-(
#backpackthefilm
Many do not! Many more public schools do a terrific job!
Quit your job.
Charter schools do a terrific job undermining local public school systems. Thank you for showing us your true stripes Senator.
Are you kidding me with this? The charter school movement is a cash grab at best & a shortcut in the school-prison pipeline at worst. Boooo!
It's a blatant lie @SenFeinstein. Charter schools take public money but get rid of poor minority kids who have personal or academic troubles
Not true. http://www.naacp.org/latest/statement-regarding-naacps-resolution-moratorium-charter-schools/ … I have the Sped & EL kids 2 prove it.
#BS!
very disappointed to see this from my senator!  charter schools pad pockets at the expense of our future! all kids deserve the same opp
Get informed & STAND with truly public schools!
Really? Just because you tweet this, doesn't make it true. Hard to know since they are not held accountable and fiction passes as fact.
as long as you don't have a child with special needs...which is many, many children. I think you are on the wrong side of this issue.
First wk in May was teacher week until O decided it would be charter school week. We get the week after. Very neoliberal awful of him.
Time to retire
Uh no they don't. Shame on you!
Are you kidding? Are you serious? What alternate educational universe are you living in? Not in my state for sure.
What a disappointment to read that tweet. If public schools have problems, fix them. Don't funnel tax dollars to companies.
this tweet shows democrats have lost the fight for the people, it's all about supporting corruption now
Let's not paint with such a broad brush. Charter network support is a pretty good litmus test for culling, though.
Yah right
Charter schools divert funds from our neighborhood schools.  They create inefficiency and taxation without representation.
Come visit public schools - we teach everyone. Charter schools do not. There are lots of woke teachers who can help educate you, Senator.
If u overlook hundreds of mil of $ in fraud, resegregation, profiteering & the destruction of public ed, charters r awesome.
Draining public education while cherry picking.
Except when they push kids with disabilities back to their home districts for an appropriate education.
So do #PUBLIC #schools!
This is y u idiots lost! Charter schools r FOR PROFIT PUBICLY FUNDED PRIVATE SCHOOLS undermining actual public schools. Support public ed!
Hang it up senator. This comment proves you don't know your job. Unle$$$$$$$$...
No they don't Dianne! Don't pander!
No they do not.  You are on the wrong side of this one.
except when they are money laundering operations that don't care about students
Wall Street Democrat. How much has the Broad family and Wall Street paid you?
Annnd this is why I no longer identify with the mainstream @DNC. Totally off base with people's actual experiences with these institutions.
Is that TFAer hiding out over there? I bet it is.
everybody is extremely tired of you
Everyone! Don't (just) write a response here. CONTACT SEN. FEINSTEIN!
Disagree! Disappointed in you Dianne. Stop the privatization of our public schools.
@uesf I think she meant to say Public Schools...
You're kidding, right? So disappointed in you.
@uesf It is time she steps down.  Senator can you site evidence of your claim?
In my experience, this is absolutely false. Only families of wealth & children w/o disabilities are accepted. Public schools serve all.
You are out of touch and uninformed.  Public schools do a terrific job educating ALL children.
Democrats need to read the research. Sound more like the Republicans here. Read @DianeRavitch and be ready to be schooled. Please.
Not so much when you start to look at the details instead of the donations.
http://innovationohio.org/2013/02/14/news-release-charter-schools-cost-state-twice-as-much-per-student-as-traditional-schools/ …
You sound like a republican.
Not according to research. School choice destroys an already fragile system rampant with racial segregation, underreported sex assaults
Please, Senator, free public education is one of those things that make this country great - how about supporting our public school teachers
Charter schools cherry pick  students to boost their accomplishments and take money away from schools that are there to serve EVERY child
no. time to do your homework, Senator. we need Democrats to support public education--not privately managed schools that siphon public $$$
Not all of them. With no accountability, oversight, and regulation, it undermines and undervalues our public education. #PublicSchoolsWork
Provide the research and data to prove your point - all research I've read says the exact opposite- did you take DeVos money????
do they? Is that what studies show? Is it fair that they can be selective in who they accept and allow to stay enrolled?
I'm dumbfounded at how misinformed you are on this issue.
You're so incredibly wrong.
Charter schools siphon funds from public schools, dividing our educational system into haves and have-nots.  I'm disappointed in you. 
And some fail kids miserably. Support CA bills that hold charters accountable. Please learn more about them.
Wrong
SOME charter schools
Taking funds from public schools to finance charter schools creates a two-tier education system - the poorest children will be the losers.
No,charter schools rob funds from public education do not guarantee appropriate ed for spec needs & are not held accountable CHECK the FACTS
How about #PublicSchoolWeek instead? Schools should be about educating children, not maximizing shareholder value.
Time for #ArticlesofImpeachment #ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
- please support free public education. Charter schools are not the solution.
Charter schools after ten years hit capacity and fold. There's nothing sustainable about them.
Charter Schools do do a very good job a lot of it has to do with the fact that they've got The Regulators off their backs
So do public schools. #FundPublicSchools
You are crazy! Charter schools are terrible!
I live in #CA45 & disagree strongly as aformer public school teacher! Funds & attention need to be on public schools for all! Please rethink
Except when they don't.
Occasionally. They're also terrific at funneling money away from public schools; often serving only the most well-to-do. Retirement time?
Betsy DeVos is aware that many of them never open their doors/but take the funds. Charter is a scam and shld not be put on a pedestal.
Well, u r WRONG about this. Studies show Charter schools r NOT producing better students. W/NO accountability>corrupt admin & bankruptcies
there's no accountability and most don't do this according to actual data!
Not while they can legally not admit special needs students.
No way!
Not all of them. Keep public money in public schools.
They lack Gov. oversight and stop endorsing paid education isn't bad enough either the paid politics and prisons now schools. Fix your self!
