Why? So you can rehash the fact that this is clearly a decision that's his to make?
Because of Sessions' role, most likely
As it is ultimately the president's decision, all session's could have done is advise. As he did. Why is this even an issue?
He recused himself from any Russia investigation, after being caught in a lie at his confirmation hearing
So? This is the chain of command, and wasn't ultimately his decision.
Sessions is in this thing himself, since he introduced Trump to Carter Page last year. Tainted.
You're crazy... Swallowing everything fed to you.
Well I have a phone at 17% rn, otherwise I'd happily carry on connecting dots for you from published sources. L8r.
Thank you, Dianne. 
Nancy why do you hate Trump?
Don't hate him, just want him out because he is dangerous and unqualified. Are you paying attention to what he's doing?
Yes I am and I notice that he has done a great deal of accomplishments in office. There is a lot that you need to investigate  on your own.
HAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAH Thank you for the laugh!
Also why is it that Sessions, who recused himself from the Russia investigation, is now involved in picking the new FBI director!!!  Enough!
Thank you. Follow the rule of law @GOP
What law was broken?
Exactly.
That's right. None.
Oh great another Witch Hunt
Senator, You and your colleagues are the only ones you can stop this attack on our democracy.  Counting on you.
This is a republic, NOT a democracy. When will you gestopocrats get it straight?!
You have the termination letter. You have Trump on TV the next day contradicting the reason. Clearly obstruction. IMPEACH HIM.
Firing the man that's investigating you is obstruction. Then calling the investigation "made up" & having Sanders say they want it ended -
The man is not investigating, the FBI is. @SenFeinstein knows how politics works. Let's move on and get some real work done!
Let's reopen Hillary #EmailGate #BenghaziTapes #RiceUnmasking and you've got a deal! Trump #ComeyFiring http://Constitutional.You  will LOSE!
zzzzzz...
Keep it up, investigate everything and everyone then we see the shit hit the fan. Dem r sooo done. Keep digging that grave.
Thank you Senator.
Please tell Chuck Grassley to step down! -Sincerely, IOWA
ANYTHING to hault #MAGA just so you can keep lining your pockets
And President Trump is calling for the DOJ to reopen the Clinton email scandal investigation. Checkmate!
How about taking care of your own problems?
Thank you, once again I'm proud to call California my home!

#IndependentInvestigation 
#trumprussia
#ArrestTheSwamp
#TheResistance
You can have it 
But not on Loretta lynch meeting with bill Clinton on the tarmac?  Shame on you. You don't care about law & order lady! #ComeyFiring
Thank you, Senator Feinstein! <3
THANK YOU FEINSTEIN!!! #RealPatriot
Sen Feinstein, stop this BS. Instead work on HC, immigrant, etc instead of a power play!Comey should have been fired. Dishonest!
We want Senate hearings on #DNCFraudLawsuit since @TheDemocrats aren't REMOTELY Democratic.
Of course None of you people have any balls to stand up for yourselves even when you know Trump is in the right you pander to the left
Ok fine but how dare you deny us the medical care we provide for you? #MedicareForAll is what your constituents want. If it falls so will u
For what purpose. To delay the Russian hearings? You're going to have a lot of shiny objects to follow with #president peefetish.
Thought Hillary supporters wanted him fired for costing her the election. Or was that Russia? Bernie? Racists? Millennials? Sexists? Aliens?
Why?
Senator isn't it possible that a President of the United States has the authority to hire and fire anyone in the government?
Go DIANNE! 
You said there's no evidence of Trump colluding with Russia in election, then why are you asking for a "evidence' witch hunt.. stupid dems
You know what, go fork your canoe! What about the DNC cheating Senator Sander in the Dem primaries? Fuck the Democrats!
Thank you, Senator!
Please just go straight to #impeachTrumpnow
Waste of taxpayer funds.... you all demanded his resignation now it's done
Remember when Bill Clinton fired the FBI director one day after Vince Foster was discovered dead? I do.
Are you implying the circumstances were similar? Was Comey under investigation like Sessions? Or is it just that both had firings?
Wait for it, Comey will be. Sessions met ambassador while he was a member of Senate Armed Services Committee.
Are you bringing up Jeff Sessions for some reason, or is there a point?
Um, you brought him up. But there isn't a shread of evidence of collusion. Adam Schaffer & Feinstein both said the same thing. 
*Schiff
Yes!
About time!
Is the correct Senator?
Take a junior high civics class. Then at least you might stop being dramatic. I do believe one of deputy AG jobs is to review FBI DIRECTOR?
I am a constituent.  Good for you!
What a waste of time. The dems have no direction or goals. Feinstein @ 82 needs to retire CA deserves better. CA in gutter. What a waste.
FBI director falls under the executive branch of government hence ONLY the President can fire him and doesn't need a reason.
Thank You
Good, get something done on this already
How about they hold a hearing on how your husband got that railroad contract in cali.
HELL YES! Drag them.
FEINSTEIN ON IT
INVESTIGATION + COMEY NOW!!!!!
If a committee or special prosecutor is appointed, I hope they include all of the #DEMS comments calling for his firing & lack of confidence
Slo but Sho
Good job
Thank you..I am proud of you
I live in NC
Not as proud of my Senators or Rep (Jones)
#obstructionofjustice #ImpeachTrump
@Gemma72432341 These hearings should be front and center.  #TheLiarPresident's actions constitute obstruction of justice.
People in Hell are Calling for ice water also. #TrumpWon #DealWithIt @potus can Fire Any1 for Any reason Or No reason at all.
Really? No one can be fired from the bureaucracy? Come live in the real world. Gee, more useless hearings. Stop wasting the me & tax money
Diane Feinstein waste government money clean the swamp
Call for some pills to relieve gas
You are disappointing esp after you were briefed by Comey-you must bring Comey back to restore faith in @FBI &a complete investigation
#WeThePeople want hearings about #DNCFraudLawsuit.
.@SenFeinstein We need a separate investigation to determine whether DT committed obstruction!
Lol no evidence though
How does this work? How many Senators do you need to agree?
Why?
YES! My own take on #Trump's #ComeyFiring, which is a dangerous moment for #America. #Comey #Russia
Waste For of our money?!? Just resign Feinstein. You're doing NOTHING to #MAGA!
Please start with HRC's private server and the missing 33K emails.  Then onto the destruction of computers after giving immunity to staff
Thank you
yeah but good luck w/that. you won't be able to budge the recalcitrant (complicit, even) @GOP to agree w/you #impeachTrumpnow
THANK YOU @SenFeinstein So proud you are our Senator. Continue to speak up loudly. We need your voice.
Good idea to extent it doesn't distract from Trump-russia ties probe.
Thank you! And while you're at it, let's investigate why DJT thinks it's OK to get 2 scoops of ice cream when he serves his guests only one!
We need the truth we need the president to stop interfering in the process to get there
Please retire. Your out of touch with what the people of the republic want Like equality and our government to obey the constitution...
Funny you were calling for the firing of comey back in October. #LiberalsHypocrisyExposed
Will somebody hurry up and impeach this idiot
Senator thank you let's get moving on the Trump obstruction of justice.
Calling for Judiciary Committee hearings on the collusion of Clintons, Comey and Lynch to avoid prosecution. Lock them up!
Get a Forking life and represent all CA voters, not just mouth breathing Dems.
Thank you, Senator!
Glad to see you remembered you are a democrat!
absolutely,I&my great beauty @margbrennan discussed & agree,important judiciary committee hearing on the firing of FBI director,& in senate
There may be so many hearings, investigations, law suits, independent inquiries,  that governing will be left to worker bees.  A good idea!
Stick with Russia.
Thank you.
@GregAbbott_TX signed racist SB-4 into law.#BoycottTexas @NCAA @NCAAgail @marchmadness out of Texas.No Final 4 in San Antonio.R/T
Another cry baby
How about a hearing on #DNCFraudLawsuit & the Media's collusion w/ @DNC to keep it out of the Public's Eyes?

@JaredBeck @eleebeck @AP @CNN
I, for one, am with you Sen. Dianne Feinstein. The positon of FBI Director is too important to be controlled exclusively by POTUS. Change??
Go 4 it
In the meantime you are ok with sanctuRy cities and the killings that happen like Kate's. Wow
Enough with hearings & investigations, start impeachment process NOW quit being sidetracked with more BS djt has done enough to get fired!!!
@sarahkendzior Go for it!  
POTUS has essentially admitted to obstruction of justice.  GOP won't do anything!
Thank You Sen
Thank you Senator!
Another fundraising opportunity for you...good luck!!
Thank you. Trump is doing what ever he wants and feels emboldened. I can't believe the number of Republicans who stand by him?
You also need to go after Sessions' Alabama law license for ethics violations.
@MrJonCryer Thank you!!!!!
If either senator from Arkansas had a spine, they would join you, ma'am.
I don't think a strongly worded letter is going to cut it.
Thank you!
Well Done !
ONLY Correct Thing To Do In Democratic Norm Of The US CONSTITUTION,As I Know It Since 1954;When I Was ONLY 20 !
Do all administration officials have to take an oath of loyalty to Trump?
Give up your seat and move on....
When I want to know is who made Comey release the scandal on Hillarys emails???
What not when
Please stop this fascist dictator any way you can.  Thank you for this action!!!!
Keep going Senator, I support you! Trump needs to be taken out on a rail!
Well done. Keep calm and carry on.
Stick it to them.
Thing is Feinstien.. you have to be the MAJORITY to call on the hearings final decisions.. Grassely probably thinks it's a waste of time.
Only people who care are unhinged Democrats and traitors like McCain and Graham.. it's a non starter.. Grassely won't call on hearings..
Did you listen to McCabe.. Comey firing has NO effect on any Russian hacking on DNC unsecured server or Podesta weak email service.
The @POTUS has every right to dismiss a incompetent FBI agent like Comey for a reason or not for a reason. You people get to work on Taxes
Nope. Not if that reason is obstruction of Justice.
Let us know how we can help
Please make sure the hearings are taped!
Thank you Senator. But what is the potential outcome/consequence of such hearings? Please add expl to your statement.
I second that! Keep the pressure on, @SenFeinstein 
Good questions.
Might add: "if you were planning to do it, why wait until he was out of town and why *immediate*?
Because he admitted under oath that he had knowledge of gross negligence in handling classified docs but failed to recommend charges
Thank you Senator.
@sarahkendzior Marco Rubio is supporting Cornyn and Gowdy. Great danger for the United States constitution
Thank you, Senator. The firing is obstruction of justice. We need a special prosecutor.
You are irrelevant.
Incompetent Sociopathic Trump probably thinks he can fire you. @realDonaldTrump @RealAlexJones @washingtonpost @nytimes
Thank you!!!
Yes, PLEASE!!! Thank you.
Well of course you are, nobody would expect less than fake outrage by the #Dem leadership. Fail like clockwork! #sad #truth
#DirtbagDonnie will be Impeached very soon..Can we reinstate #DirectorComey? He was SCREWED by a lying, narcissist lunatic! @FNC @CNN @MSNBC
Yes, thank you, Senator! Keep up your work to save our democracy.
@sarahkendzior Yes and more please. Thank you!
Jeff Sessions lied to Congress under oath and it's just ho hum?
Said former director has stated that the Prez has the right to fire FBI director for any or no reason. And man o man did Trump have reason!
Yeah, Comey was going to actually enforce the law on President for life Trump.
"President for Life" Is that latest lefty hysteria? Trump won't leave the office? What's next? He's really a Hitler clone?
He won't leave voluntarily.
Bet you any anything that you are 100% wrong on that. He will leave like any prez at the end of his term (s).
I want to be wrong on that. I'm not though.  He will leave under duress only.
Bet. Bet. Bet. Courage of your convictions? Bet.
I don't bet on results I don't want to happen
We want a special prosecutor. Grind Congress to a halt until that happens, and ppl will support you.
Why ?
But will the supine GOP allow it?
 Wha Wha Wha keep crying you won't get it Huge Forehead Feinstein 
Thank you. #DoSomething
Thank you Senator Feinstein.
Liberals want Comey fired. Trump fires him & liberals are outraged.  Pathetic...
Thank you! America is in chaos with this mentally ill president.  We need to stop this insanity asap
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you Senator for your leadership! We rely now on your experience, fortitude and persistence to protect our democracy.
Imperative!
Thank God you are doing this....I live in NoHo....how can I help you?  I have made phone calls requesting a special investigation into this.
Or just fast-track to impeachment proceedings. There's plenty of material for impeachment that doesn't require any legal work.
.@SenFeinstein thank you for listening to us and taking action.
Thank you, Senator.
I'm sure Grassley willB receptive2 ur call 4a hearing on the firing of Comey! U R dealing w/ soulless creatures waiting 4 street rioting.
Thank you, Senator!
Proud constituent here! Thank you for fighting for the truth 
As you should. This is flat-out obstruction of justice. He is trying to get away with it. Don't let him. Thank you, Senator.
Thank you.
Thank you
Thank you Senstor Feinstein! Americsns truly appreciate your lesdership.
Make it so!!
Thank you!  Go Girl!
Thank you Sen Feinstein!!  I hope the Republicans join you - Enough is enough. Get to the bottom of all of this please!!
Thank you!
I want to help.

Dig out the trump dirt..please!
OK you do that. We will be waiting.
Thank you Senator. Mich respect for all your efforts.
Senator Feinstein: Also its time y'all do something about that Jeffrey Beauregard Sessions --> voter suppression way out of hand  Thx! 94117
We have seen military coups in news. But what would non-military coup actually look like? Would anyone realize that a coup was happening?
Thank you for fighting for us, senator! At least some of you in WA will go down in his history on the right side of the law! @GOP #Impeach45
Ur supporters and u will have 2 deal with total embarrassment upcoming news next few weeks. Some of ur peeps see thru this. Only hurting us.
Please enlighten us on any cause for concern regarding evidence! U see only NvrbTrumpers.. never ur constituents that voted 4 Trump.policy
He serves at pleasure of pres.10mos of investigation & no evidence. How long u want Trump 2 wait? Did what was best & what dems wntd.u spit
Great. Taxpayer money hard @ work. Beggin u 2 get over it.U lost more Dems w/ this, 3 I kno, Hillary vote- now so discustd by Dem-Trump supp
You go gurl!
Thank you
Thank you Senator Feinstein!
There need to be a hearing.
Thank you!
Thank you Senator! We can always rely on you.
Excellent how about calling for hearings on AG Sessions & his fraudulent recusal.
Shhhh... just stop whining
Thank you for your patriotism, Senator.
Thank you
Thx! Please help us get to bottom of #russiagate!! Our country is at risk & we need you!! Let Comey tell his side for the public!
Do it. Be the hero our country needs. #Trumprussia
I hope they listen.  Very disappointing that GOP remains silent.  They will not pursue
