can you stop with the nonsence and focus on fixing the oroville dam!
and now that they have?
He's got to do something after winning so many Trans Am championships and Rolex 24's 
haaa  haaa hug that bitch
stay strong!!!  #resist #HesNotMyPresident
his coal-centric ideology perpetuates black lung instead of safe solar farm installation, GOP burying Ky/Wv underground
oh just confirm him already! Quit blocking God. You really need to get on the right side of history. EPA NEEDS to be REFORMED!
once again, get over it loser!
Another sad day in America.
what happens now? No one is listening to the American people.
your tweets suck
this constituent of yours agrees!
it is heart breaking - What about the OATH to our nation? @SenateGOP have become something my father would hate. Truly sad.
#holdthefloor we deserve to see those emails!
Happy my senators are fighting all the insanity of this insane regime takeover that the majority does not want!
California wants, we don't.
Please hold up the vote until u can examine his e-mails of next week.
yes what a disaster the two Dems who voted yes. Coming after you SD and V Dems .
More of an affront to the massive regulation mill harmful to American exceptionalism.
So why didn't you filibuster the vote until his e-mails were released?
please stop tweeting and do something about it.
Just curious, how is it a right ??
AKA Nancy Pelosi
Thank you Harry Reid. Scott Pruitt is in. Voted in on the rules you - Democates - changed.
Elections have consequences. Remember when Obama said that?
or possessing cannabis, made illegal by racist lawmakers decades ago, is the right of every American who chooses to do so.
Please don't give up on the Sen. from Arizona. He's swimming up stream. He may be persisting.
absolutely
Thanks 4 your vote. #resist  Focus on dirt & corruption in his emails to force him out. #saveEPA
We dumped Watt during Reagan years; we'll get rid of Pruitt too. 61% of Americans in recent poll oppose gutting enviro regs.
@SenateGOP just put biz profits over clean water. Glad 2 know they thought the #FlintWaterCrisis was no issue at all. Shameful
We've got to impeach Trump. Enough is enough!
no to Pruitt
get over it he's confirmed! Do the American citizens a favor get out of the swamp , retire!
the Republicans won the presidency- house- Senate and all but 5 states- keep up the good work!
thank you for standing up against this nomination!
The vote must be delayed until Pruitt emails are reviewed.
@epa THANK YOU!
The EPA is a radicalized, out of control bureaucracy. It is not the swamp, it it the cesspool. I hope Pruitt cleans house.
Hallelujah as we get unprecedented storms, fires, drought in your state. #ClimateChange
thank you for fighting for our great country. #StopPruitt
I Agree with you!
Amen. #NoOnPruitt #epalove
But great if, like me, you're sick of it all and just want the people experience over once and for all.
- thank you!
@IndivisibleCA28 thank you, Senator Feinstein!
The Party NO......again.
the Party  of those who like to breathe.
hello Rick!
hello back at ya.
so mad he's considered.
I hope Democrats will grow a backbone and begin standing up to Trump. Begin using McConnell's well honed techniques, please
Can u stall this vote until after the disclosures coming about Pruitt are read into the record?
Thank you Sen Feinstein. As a constituent I'm against Scott Pruitt appointment & I called your office as well.
Thnk u Sen. Pls work to delay vote until his emails r released. Pls also pull his AG OK record on Clayton Lockett execution
Having someone run the Environmental Protection Agency who doesn't want to vigorously protect the environment makes no sense.
Tried to leave a VM @ your office but line is full. Please oppose @ScottPruittOK
Hope the camera pans in on you when the 50th "aye" vote for Pruitt is cast.
Also, Pruitt is a bonehead when administering death penalty He thought $GOOG-ing for lethal drugs was close enough Sheesh!
USA is one of the cleanest countries on earth, OUR environment is more effected by China, India, whole of S.America & Africa
that's great at least you understand where I'm coming from, Nancy Pelosi #make America sick again is ridiculous.
@KamalaHarris #StopPruitt Another Californian for Healthy Environment - We are all #Flint - Wait for the Emails
EPA regulations have been stifling energy independence.  Time for a more balanced approach.  No more fanaticism.
@SenKamalaHarris Exactly!  Please stop his hearing until the emails are available!  He has not been properly vetted.
GOP is into immigrant #ExtremeVetting but not cabinet picks? They sortvof suck at their job
Thank you, Senator Feinstein. #FightForUs
insist that congress postpone hearings until after the emails have been reviewed.
Please delay his confirmation until the emails are released.
Thank you, Senator Feinstein. Please urge Mitch McConnell to postpone Pruitt's vote until AFTER we all see the emails!
haaa haaa, reign of terror is over. Hug that bitches 
good intentions are not proof of a good result you hack
Might I, again, suggest serving water brought in straight from Flint, Michigan, at the hearings.
go tell your Looney protestors in ND to clean up their garbage
Thank you for opposing his nomination, Senator!
thank you for supporting the EPA and our world!
please #StopPruitt
