9 of 10 Calif. farmworkers are immigrants. At least 5 in 10 are undocumented. My bill provides legal status:
WHITES APPPLIED FOR FARM WORK
MAJORITY WERE NO SHOW REST LEFT EARLY FOOD ROTTED. FOOD COSTS GO UP EVERYONE HARMED
...TRUMPS.GOAL GREED 1ST
It's a convenient lie. No shortage exists except in Biased Media minds.
EXACTLY THE LOCATION WHERE NO SHORTAGES EXIST..,,BE THRILLED TO LEARN ABOUT!!!!
We applaud Senator Feinstein and Senator Harris for their efforts to mold immigration policy to support our Central Valley growers. #CA22
Is 93711 in your district?
Yes Cheryl, it is. #CA22
GOOD I can vote for you!!!!
Well, that sounds excellent! We are proud yo have your support. #CA22
illegal not undocumented
Have farmers hire legal homeless people
I find it hilarious that you believe these so called "undocumented" workers will keep working for low wages after you make them legal!
Unacceptable. Illegal immigrants should be deported
Farmworkers grow and harvest our food  they do a job few Americans want to do.
Oh, come on. You can do better than that. Make a bill that actually helps them and not politicizes their situation. They are human not props
Illegal immigrants,  your bill provides legal status to illegals and not legal immigrants.
Yes. Legal status to work and apply for citizenship if they want it. Isn't that how it is already?
Thank YOU!!! 
So you are OK with taking those 5 out of 10 jobs away from US citizens?  Traitor.
Thank GOD...they are burning off crops in the SJ Valley due 2 lack of workers to care for/pick/process them,
Thanks Diane! These folks work very hard. They deserve recognition and legal protections.
Let's start the qualification process at Mara Lago.
You vote for those because you don't have to live around any of it we the people do
Showing how little you care about the American people typical politician
Illegals is the word , u like breaking the law
You are suppose to add excuse me from the playbook.  And millions will die
If we return to status quo for the last 50 years and the food was being harvested before why not now.
Buying those votes... democrat status quo...!
What did U do for me in CA, a legal, working, middle-income family? You priced me right out of living in CA between housing, gas prices, etc
I suggest we build the wall 20 feet taller .thanks for warning us!
they already live here...it makes sense
Love this! Will we also be working to figure out which ones are Labor trafficked and coerced to do so because of their undocumented status?
Yes, otherwise we will be paying like $9 for a tomato 
You need to be recalled.  I will gladly donate to anyone running against you.
NO!!!!
I'm for that it just makes sense
Interesting that you fail to use the correct term ... ILLEGAL immigrants. #VoteDianeOut
And yet California has millions on welfare and Medicaid...
And at least 50% of fruits and veggies eaten in US are grown in CA, so this is a national issue
Your BS bill will not pass! They must leave now!!!!! And so do you!!!!!
Stop exploting http://miniorties.you  just want their votes.pick your own veggies.grow them too.might help you
And 14 out of 10 Californians vote. So what is the point. Illegals are breaking our law & sponging off welfare paid with tax only 48% pay.
They have to go back.

Legal status for illegal immigrants??
These companies need to fined pay for green card and up wages!
If no criminal record give them a green cardAllows you to live and work pay taxes but not vote! U came illegally still a crime
Develop farm implements to do the work.  Think outside the box
Pay more
Where would I find that illegal NON-AMERICANS have rights in the US CONSTITUTION?
No... your bill sucks
U mean illegal immigrants don't lie your nose can't stand to get any larger
So California big Ag can continue to exploit cheap illegal labor for big profits and pay large tax revenues to the state?
Democrats once again pandering to illegal aliens. They all should be deported. The law is the law and it applies to us all. VOTER FRAUD !!!!
Just legalize anyone who walks in a picks farm products ,.. genius. Ever heard of the phrases overt or covert? No, working permits only.
Get to the back of the line.

Farm worker ; What would you say to the Victims ?
You mean votes, don't you?
Im 2014 177,960 undocumented immigrants were deported and were convicted criminals
How many of them are criminals?
Thank you.
My president is gonna deport em all.

Didn't vote for Trump but how would you know that
But he's your president? Even better.
A big no vote for you..
Your bill reflects American values. Thank you.
There is a job for me in case?
Thank You, this is the most important thing anyone in WA DC can do...we need our migrant workers & they should be given a great salary, too!
Oh great that's all we need Lying Di more undocumented citizens! Schools R jammed with them!! Your BILL! Ur bill hurts citizens!!
You take from the contributing Americans you try to give to pick yourself up some votes you have voter flatulence
Thank you Sen. Feinstein for your wise and brave work for our nation!
I don't want to pay my taxes any longer.  If illegal aliens can break the law with no consequence, why can't I.
WOW...is this a confession?
It still amazes me that you use the term undocumented, the correct term is Illegal!  California needs to only allow legal /temporary workers
deport them
DEPORT!!!
You're guilty of breaking the law by enabling the outlaws
Maybe California farmers should consider letting people glean all that food.
NO! You are all about illegals first Dianne, and American citizens are tired of it!
Thank you senator
I hope congress will pass this bill. It's a sin to see all that produce just wasting in the field so many people really could use it.
True. And not only that: prices will skyrocket.
Absolutely. What a ridiculous by product of Trumps stupidity!
What do you not understand about ILLEGAL??!!  Farmers can legally hire migrant workers who go back home after work is complete!
Fool
Sink?? Stool?? Floor?? What the hell, are we playing 20 words that you can spell.
I'm in my 50's you have to speak English and make sense for me to understand.
What is a bot??? Do you need me to type slower??? I understand you think everyone that disagrees is a Russian. You cant help being stupid.
Why can't we reboot the Bracero Program?
Sen.Dianne Feinstein of S.F. California
Deport them all
why doesn't it have those jobs be filled by already-legal?
They do need protection because they are such a vital workforce for the farmers!!
BS, it's about cheap labor and max profits.
What had taken so long?  You've had years and years
How about getting some of those protesters, and getting them jobs on those farms?
Illegal Immigration is a result of a system that denies legal pathways.
