No, it isn't. Unless you are talking about plans that are supplemented or Medicaid. Very few Drs. accept Covered CA.
CoveredCA is the insurance exchange where you buy a Blue Cross plan or HMO, or Blue Shield etc..ALL Dr s accepted my BX plan through CovCA
Not one of mind accepted it and have knowledge from colleages their adult child could not find many. Kaiser maybe...
Barely able to find any and the ones who do, don't care. Can't see ones own doctors. Many can't have preventative such as dental done. 
1/There are no benefit reimbursement reasons for Dr.s to reject CovCA. Reimbursement is the same from providers for in-network plans
Well they do reject and many reject Medicaid and Medicare as well. Hospitals cannot reject anyone.
1/ Medicaid/ Medicare were being rejected before ACA. Your premise was CovCA. For the Dr.s that do reject it's not an ACA issue it's the Dr.
3/Realize all the noise is about Medicaid and unaffordable exchange options that are limited in many states.
Who is it working well for though?
Merced County 52% now covered by Medi-Cal. Most previously uninsured. It's working here.
The fact that 52% of the people in the county are eligible for low income benefits is the problem!
The problem is a basically rural/ agricultural economy with a 10 year unemployment low of 10%. yep low income. what's your solution.
Yeah it's tragic that ACA works. Sorry to burst your bubble. Are you going to change the subject again. ACA works.
Believe your narrative, and see how ACA pans out. Merced is 120 miles from Silicon Valley, hardly rural, maybe CA shouldn't punish employers
Google maps doesn't tell the story...Calif"s Central valley feeds the nation and the world. I drive through AG for Dr. Appts at Stanford
Love love love my ACA. Premium before ACA.$1000/mo. W/ ACA after subsidy under $200.
In Merced, 52% of County on Medi-Cal. 52%!!!
Zip 95340
What was your fed tax last year. ACA is mostly paid for by the ACA tax on the 1%.Unless your hangin with Warren Buffet you didn't pay squat
So you change the subject, unless your saying your rich. Retired school teacher? Gas tax is for the roads not ACA. Logos, pathos, ethos..
Do you have OBAMACARE?  If not.. drop what insurance you have and get on Obamacare and see how "well" it working !!
It's not insurance.  Ass
I'm a 63 year old independent contractor who could not get healthcare insurance before the #ACA .  It's been a godsend for my family and I.
Why could you not get it?
My wife had two minor pre existing conditions and we were denied coverage by major carriers in our area.
Really???  Affordable???  I think not.
You think it works well because you don't use it do you
Thank you for your passionate plea,using facts&reason,to urge republicans to #ShowUsTheBill but gop only listens to $ & donors.#HoldTheFloor
Oh like dems did? Hypocrites
Wrong!gop's doing everything it FALSELY accused dems of.I was actually alive&paying attn in 2009.Dems took 1 yr of debate&hearings w/experts
And my premiums are over$1300 a month. That is working well?????????
You don't know what you're talking about because you EXEMPTED yourself !!!!!  It is NOT working well.

#WeThePeople had access to affordable healthcare.
SupremeCourt #GOP politics weakened #ACA. Wouldn't fix it. Congress broke it, repealed it.
@GOP Never embraced the ACA/ tried to make it work. They embraced killing it, sabotage,closed doors, & tossing constituent under the bus
To give tax breaks to the rich!!
Working well in Oregon it's the states perhaps that chose someone else to run it for them.
I bet your on one of the exchange plans. Oh wait you wouldn't be on that crappy plan
Exactly the Politicians exempted themselves! If it was so Awesome why did they not get on it?
If it's dead than how come I keep paying my monthly premium to continue the health coverage that SAVED me during a cancer bout 6mo ago???
Maybe in California. But there are 49 other states. My aging parents can't afford the Affordable Care Act. Bc they worked 4 a living
The only 1's it's working 4 here in Ca is the Low income or Non working! And we are a Welfare state! My working Family is a No can Afford!
Not true. My working family can afford it.
Remember how Dems passed healthcare? "You have to pass it to know what's in it", "You can keep your Doctor...you can keep your plan"
ACA was debated for 18 mths & Repubs made 47 amendments unlike AHCA being concocted in the dark.Educate yourself
You have to pass it to know what's in it, you can keep you doctor, you can keep your plan http://m.washingtontimes.com/news/2014/nov/10/obamacare-architect-we-passed-law-due-to-stupidity/ …
Trying to impress us with fake quotes?
Shall we go to the video tape and ram it down your throat? The excuse will be, "it was take out of context". Just like HRC
Videos can be doctored.  And no one connected to ACA said that without being terminated.  So no the Architect did not say that.  /more
You live in Michigan.  Who are you to make judgements about Senator Feinstein?
I would tell you what I think of you Sherry.   But you aren't worth the keystrokes.
Sure is Diane.  Yay California!!
Yes it is. I use it. I know many people that have it. The republicans sabatage it.
ACA is not perfect and needs work but the AHCA is certainly NOT an improvement. Believe me!
Typical Cali only think about you not the UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
Well we are the worlds 6th largest economy!
How much debt does Calfornia have? And how much has premiums went up? Yes. Working so, so well. Its collapsing and shame on u! U know it!
She's a lying sack of 
*Feinstein
THE ACA HAS  MADE MY LIFE LIVABLE LIKE A NORMAL PERSON I HAVE DIABETES AND A PSYCHIATRIC CONDITION!
DO YOU HAVE ANY OTHER THING TO SAY!
THATS NICE I STILL LOVE YOU ;BUT I STILL CANT.  PAY FOR THE MEDICINE ;TOO EXPENSIVE ASK THE DRUG COMPANIES TO LOWER TO  A REASONBLE PRICE!
It is working in CA!
LOL - if it was, it would be the only thing.  Why are people fleeing your socialist utopia??!
What socialist utopia??? Who's fleeing, dude?
Take a quick glance at the census, dude!  Californistan is bleeding population as they flee for low tax, red states.  Cut back on @CNN!
They may be leaving but it's not because of ACA, I can assure you of that. Cut back on Fox, dude.
Taxes are causes businesses to fail and ppl to leave. Its horrible.
*causing*
Does that mean single payer is a pipe dream for CA?
Oh CA is trying to pass single payer
Perhaps you can keep it.
Broken California was happy to cash in on the federal funds for the ACA, you can't pay for your healthcare otherwise! Your State is Broke!
.@SenFeinstein real Americans don't want socialized healthcare.  stop acting like aca is the only answer..it was designed to fail #libtard
Don't let them shut you down Senator!
They are fulfilling their prophecy. It's working fine.
Are you on Crack you old bat?! Over 200% increases and NO insurance companies! That's WHY U KEEP LOSING You live in DENILE! 
Please keep working on this
Senator I'm sad to say that R's are legislating policy only to negate  Pres Obamas landmark legacy healthcare law. No way to set policy!
@cosmoskw if Christie rejected ACA then California should Deathcare
California seems to be one of the only places an America where ppl actually do for themselves. And conservatives can't stand that.. why??
Without CA support of the ACA I cant imagine what my life would be like right now. The care/meds it allowed me to receive saved my life.
It works well in New York, too.
CA for single payer healthcare
Maybe it's harder for smaller states. California has such a big population.
If ACA is dead it's because Republican House & Senate did nothing to revive it. They only care about big tax write-offs for wealthy & Corps
You must be joking! You think we are that stupid! Working class paying thru our noses up pay for illegals and refugees! You call it working?
Very well.
Has your hubby gotten another state contract? #CaliTaxDeath
Dianne. The hospitals, doctors and insurances companies all say Obama Care is dead. Where are you getting your info?
Well for you sweetheart, tripling the cost of my insurance was flat out WRONG. We need insurance to protect us from leftist democrats!

It's working well most places, maybe all places to include Arizona if they quit sabotaging it's capabilities.
Why aren't you in front your cameras saying that?
Lie again!!! It is the worst!
Ma'am, California hasn't done anything right yet and won't as long as liberals are in control
California is a cesspool of socialism, & DOES NOT represent the rest of the country. Time for you to SIT DOWN. YOU LOST.  This is OURS NOW.
Not all States have a legislature that is making that possible=defunding,help exchg's to close,refusing Medicare funds,enc Industry leave !
The GOP want it to fail,and now they are sabotaging it.Spiteful and Mean.
@SenateMajLdr @NancyPelosi  Senator, the deductibles are huge. Many Americans never use O.C. because they don't meet their deductibles, sad.
Yes! They turned the #ACA into #UniversalHealthcare in California!
It does not work well in states that refused Medicaid expansion, mostly Red states.  Now Feds are starving it out.  It basically WORKS!
It is @GOP propaganda. It appears the purpose of the #AHCA is #eugenics to weed out the lower and middle class.
The #ACA works in states with #Democratic gvernors who work to make healthcare available for their citizens. #HOLDTHEFLOOR
So is nyc
GOP is purposely killing ACA and knowing how bad AHCA is the will kill govt involvement in healthcare entirely.
Dip Fi, please let everyone know about how much of California's ACA is subsidized by taxpayers $.
Agreed, but needs tweaking to stabilize. Let's use Medicare as national high risk pool and allow EHB policies to be sold nationally.
Rhode Island Obamacare working! No problems plus some premiums going down
People can die.
Govt programs are not people. Govt programs don't die, they just fade away.
Funding programs is key.
.@SenFeinstein I have to choose; mortgage or healthcare!My Prem. $1700mo, more than doubled, $5k pp deductible! Cheaper to be "SelfPay" ! 
Working well here in NY too! It's the only way I can get insurance since I'm old, poor, self employed and have pre-existings.
WHY did YOU all say 'pass it & we'll find out what's in it'? WHY did DEMOCRATS EXEMPT THEMSELVES FROM Communist ObamaCare? @realDonaldTrump
It's working in spite of Trump and the #GOP efforts to destroy it w/uncertainty and bad legislation. Imagine if they weren't doing that!
Nice for CA, but ACA was DOA when tRump arrived. Hopefully, the American ppl will resurrect a better ACA n the not 2distant future..
If the rest of the country had implemented the law, wed be happy ppl. Take a look at where ppl R unsatisfied, Republican controlled states
It's not just dead @SenFeinstein it's F-EN Dead  Na Na Na Na hey hey hey good bye 
Uncertainty is what is hurting ACA the most.#ShowUsTheBill  #AllowSenateInput #AllowHearings #TW #GoBoldly #Resist Affordable
Russia ways taken over the Senate.  Secret bills.  No one sees it before voting.  #ShowTheBill
@Mericaneedsus What's dead on arrival is the Repuk's unsubstantiated faux plan.#TheResistance
#GOP needs to sign here.

Remember we have it on tape
Obamacare architect: We passed law due to ‘stupidity of the American voter’
Wish the millions of Americans could show up in Congress, but most Republicans receiving benefits won't come from out the shadows. Sad.
The Republicans want to erase anything that @POTUS44 accomplished.  They're embarrassed that their was an African American US President.
It sucks, it just sucks less than Trumpcare
This administration panders to their decreasing base by blatantly lying and providing "alternative facts" - thank you for calling them out!
No, it isnt working well at all.
With how many $billions of federal subsidy?
Then why did my Premium's go up after Obama said they would drop? Why are deductibles 3x the amount before ACA started? #bullsh* #FullRepeal
Too little too late. If the repub bill passes it's time for new dem leaders. That means you, Pelosi and Schumer need to go. #fedup
Propose a better plan. #Obamacare isn't perfect. Dems need to stop playing defense even if they don't have the votes.
Stop confusing the issue with the facts!
As a former CA resident working with disabled population,  this absolutely true.  Kudos to CA for taking care of their seniors and disabled
ACA seems to work just fine in states that are Democratic controlled and chose to to expand Medicaid.
It works well for those who get subsidized or get it for free paid for by taxpayers. What about all those who can afford co-payments?
thank you Senator. I'm so grateful for California's implementation. 
#SaveACA
well lets based the whole country on CA. There u go ur dictatorial gene is showing where we all have to do what ur scum state did
For illegal aliens
If it is so terrific why aren't you on it?
I'm living proof that the ACA helps small business owners. Calling it a failure is ignoring millions like my family.
Thank you! Worked well for our family. CA implementation resulted in much lower rate increases than other states. CA put lives over party
If it is working for CA, then good for California, but don't try and impose it on the rest of us. It's always about control for the left.
NEGOTIATE!  DO YOUR JOB!
those of us in rest of country whose prems. have sky rocketed, lost doctor& have one or no insurer don't think so. Take a road trip Senator.
Excellent choice of terms. 

http://www.cnbc.com/id/100840148 
@_DanMangan and you think govt obamacare has saved people from that? Naive. Deductibles are at record highs bc ACA.
Your arithmetic skills continue to suck. A $9,000 deductible is better than a $250,000 hospital bill.
there is no difference between 10K and 100k to us who have to struggle. You elitists don't care.

@Dennisabm sure it is. Deficit spending is working for dems. Not to mention ER visits have only grown in CA since 2011
Just a *bit* of research and you would find the debt increases much more under the GOP. At that will continue.
what does that have to do with the fact that this law isn't working. Just throwing $ at it. Pathetic left.
It's not working! If I can't afford my co pay does that mean I really have coverage? Single payer market is a joke!
do you not understand that it costs too much-does too little-if you are a millionaire then it is fine @NancyPelosi @VP @POTUS @SpeakerRyan
We need progress not regression
Next step
#MedicareForAll
If you are a noncitizen it's great.
Well it is California, lots of walking dead there.
Every state can have what ever health plan they want, but should Calif. be able to impose their values on UT? WI? MA? GA
Yes because you have a lot of suckers in California that keep voting for Democrats. Do not be proud of your 1 party corrupt state.Democracy?
Saved our family in NY and Co! Peace of mind is priceless
#HoldTheFloor It's Still Failing: Terrible 2017 Enrollment Numbers Have More Insurers Eyeing Obamacare Exit
While Democrats Play Politics, Obamacare is Failing #HoldTheFloor
Why ObamaCare Is Failing #HoldTheFloor
Really?  Peeps that go to ER without insurance are sent home with Tylenol!  If it's so great do you have same coverage!?
ACA is too expensive and blew up private ins rates-mine went up 78% w huge out of pocket-Big Govt doesnt work-healthcare is a choice
California also worked well to make it so you can't afford to live there.  Lost my coverage when I had to leave. #TheRentIsTooDamnHigh
Hmmm... my premium is 690/mos. with a 1,000 deductible & that's a Bronze plan.  Not working well for me.  Have had to change carrier twice.
It's flat out wrong to block single payer against the overwhelming will of the people. But I know you want your campaign cash.

CA is billions in debt & poverty rate at all time high
Donald Trump and this Congress is doing everything they can to make the ACA fail. Withholding credits to insurance companies closing excha..
#ShowUsTheBill #HOLDTHEFLOOR
Californians are smart. I cant say the same for the Red States and all the Jackasses that voted the embarrassment we now have in the WH.
There are 3 levels of lies
Lies, Damn Lies and Donald Trump
Trump is our first post-truth president
Mitch McConnell is giving tax cuts to the rich and poor people get kicked off healthcare. Damn wrong stop this!!
Mitch McConnell is cruel and mean. Can we take this to the Supreme Court?
If it's working so well why the vote for single payer?
There are no choices because Trump has actively discouraged the idea that the ACA will continue causing many companies to leave the market.
Do not tell us what we know and schilling for the arch liar Trump.
When you ignored the Secretary of State using an unsecure server to avoid FOIA, and having TOP SECRET material on it, you lost all respect.
Thank God For The Democrats!!... Always Looking Out For The American People - Not Just The Rich!!!
I like my ACA insurance 
We Must Tell Trump, And The Republican Party, We Do Not Want Their Tax-Cuts For The Rich... Use That Money For American Heath-Care Benefits.
By stealing all the money from people like me. #HoldTheDoor
Then why are you exempt?
If it has to be propped with additional funding then it should be dead before it fleeces any more tax payers.
Really My family lives in California and they tell me the ACA is a disaster. Insurance companies pulled out No doctor accepts it. Period
#GOPDONTGIVEAF0CK #GOPDEATHCARE #GOPHATESICKPOOR #CaliHasSOMETHING We do not have perfection. If this passes
#NoSafetyNet #NoBasicCARE
#SaveACA for all of us with Preexisting Conditions and #HoldTheFloor  against #Trumpcare
Sadly, Gloria, California is small part of nation. Single Payer now!  Stop selling out to special interests. Stop promoting shit 4 votes.
Keep us safe. Don't let secret dark-of-night legislation pass.
We are the United States This isn't only about selfish you CA & your illegal pets gangs & drug & human traffickers & your needs
I use the #ACA Aca in fact went to my dr today! #iamaca
"The reliance on emergency care remains stronger than ever."
Now is the time Senator to endorse single payer!   #MedicareForAll #SB562
What planet are you on @SenFeinstein??  Really?  What about people who are not on Medicaid that cant afford the premiums?
Your state debt is 1.3 trillion safe to say you're part of the problem
California has become a shit hole thanks to you and yours - homeless, illegals and high insurance costs -  #HoldTheFloor give us a break!
Really Diane? I personally know many people who have been cancelled because of of Obamacare here in CA. U shld pay attn
Lying about ACA impresses no one.
It's working for me in California & a lot of ppl I know. It needs some tweaking but it's not dead.
And how much do you pay?
Yes, it is working well!!!
http://www.kff.org/health-reform/issue-brief/2017-premium-changes-and-insurer-participation-in-the-affordable-care-acts-health-insurance-marketplaces/ …
It's working pretty well in #washingtonstate as well. I wouldn't have health care without it. #nosecretbills #holdthefloor @SenFeinstein
And if it dying, it's because our representatives didn't act to fix it.
Only if you have ACA PPO Anthem BC/BS @ Cedars Sinai
If not you get a delightful array of ghetto  hospitals.
Right, you can definitely go to St. Francis in Lynwood or Harbor UCLA aka "Big County."
Based on the premium we are paying for individual coverage, I would not say that ACA is working well in CA.
Finish damn sentence! Marco Rubio-GOP under mined it by cutting ins $ in budget
No, no it's not working well
#HoldTheFloor
It was working great in Kentucky until Bevin torpedoed it.
I know dear.  I live here
Same
All of my friends who work in healthcare, at all levels, love the ACA. It works.
Does it work? Family of four 1800.00 sound affordable to you?
She's lying. DR'S & hospitals HATE #ACA #Owe-bamaDontCare
Now that y'all made a horrible mistake of passing single-payer, we'll see you go back to ACA after single-payer effort fails.
It'll be tough for Cali to raise the revenue. If you need ~$400 billion from current budget of ~$125, tax hikes will cause capital to flee.
And people needing care to show up in mass
Thank you Senator, you are appreciated!!!
It's about the R's trying to save face.  They have been screaming for years about how bad ACA is, trying to repeal. So they cheat.
Ummmmm... as a Californian I can say that's not true.
California bankrupt yet?
I think when they say it's "dead" it's wishful thinking. What really happened is ACA killed the middle class.
You're a fraud! And so was ObamaCare! Working well for who?????
2014 in California 330k democrats cast a ballot for a gunrunner and was in the media for months before election. Do u think they're informed
Politicians are Dangerous 
#HoldTheFloor
Hubby wrks in health. Trust me, it's collapsing in CA. ACA is like Weekend At Bernie's - prop it up & make it look like it's alive.
You cannot have an every increasing population receiving and fewer and fewer paying.  Don't know why others cannot see that.
The ACA is a total disaster! Premiums have doubled access to providers has been cut and deductibles are through the roof!
