Just a reminder--The U.S Military did not swear an oath 2 your view that the Constitution is a living Document
The DNC only wants it to be a "living document" when they want it to "evolve" in their favor.
>@SenFeinstein If Constitution is a living breathing doc- we can ban/remove Muslims/Islam protected via 1st amend
dems could try caring for US instead of their agenda our constitution is the way it is it worked until obama
Like 6 yrs of R obstructionism and not extending across aisle EVER. Get real.
who needed to? King obama did what he wanted to do. You think all this hate in the country is ok
hate starts with ur man trump and extends to his supporters. Nice try of projecting to others
so we just ignore the hate that obama spent 8 years feeding? I think not!  He did this not @POTUS
When will we get to investigating how Feinstein used her office to steer federal contracts to her husband?
U & ur partisan crew looked so uneducated & were so rude 2 a true gentleman, who let u look like the fools u r.
his smirk and not answering Q's was the disrespect here. Being too cute. It's his JOB INTERVIEW.
One with respect 4 themself, knows better than 2 accept unacceptable behavior from a crazed Diane.
@AlFranken U actually expect a knowledgeable person 2 listen 2 Stuart Smalley's Qs & try 2 decipher his insanity?
yea, it's a job interview. Pompous attitude doesn't play well no matter what u think of interviewee.
just like boner and heart palps didn't play well when he did everything but interview candidate
He follows the law! The 2nd amendment is the constitutional law to posses guns.
To remain free state means have same guns as military.  Stop molding into ur bewitched terms.
thank you.
How convenient.. The part where #Gorsuch schooled you is edited out, you're a anti American shill. Retire ASAP!
old bitter jealous  airhead  liberal  plz retire  asap..
Whether you agree w/her or not, respect those who serve. Sen Feinstein is revered. U are a bully!
I have no respect, it's time she go. Term limits needed for all elected officials
please encourage all fellow Dems to walk out of this hearing. Don't be fooled by the snake like Eve...WALK OUT!
I would encourage all Liberal Dems to leave the country
The Constitution is not a movable feast. It is added to with amendments NOT based on what politicians wish
Politicians or Judges
Dianne criminals will not lay their guns down & neither will Americans whos homes are broke into and threatened
biggest hypocrite in politics..you are protected by guns but youd have ALL law abiding Americans hand over theirs ..screw YOU & your agenda
the majority of the US DOES NOT agree w/you stance on 2nd amendment Feinstein..your agendas NOT in the best interest of law abiding American
Cutting off his answer like that tells me he probably answered the question in full and you didn't like it.

Look at all the $$$$ your husband has made from government deals! You are only for yourself!
good luck with that
-- Impeach Trump NOW --  bribery and violating emulant clause.  No SCOTUS for him!
conveniently edited Gorsuch educatng feeble-minded Feinstein that his job is 2 uphold law. Novelty to liberals.
Ever had SERVANTS who stole from your home? That is YOUR exact profile here: Stealing from out Constitution!
A "living" Constitution is your way of saying: I don't like the original and I want to destroy it. Really? Not a shred of shame left, Diane?
When u became a Senator you were sworn on the ORIGINAL Constitution, to PROTECT and DEFEND the Constitution, not to make it your playbook.
Grill him on past decisions
I believe even a child can understand, "SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED! ONLY A GLOBALIST would think it says different
A Globalist  Feinstein's  husband profits from her position #Crooked #Democrats #Socilaist Anti-Constitution
he's not sober enough for me and dodging Q's. This us a job interview and gets being too cute
watched today for awhile. He's giving personality but not answerin Q's. Loved Franken common sense Q.
He's making you look like a fool senator.
Do you think a person should be allowed to carry a pistol if it's illegal, but they are the mayor?
This senile old bat has stated on video she conceal carries!? More scary than 300 million legal guns
shame on her for being against the origin constitution . She is  crooked
When u raised ur right hand & sworn in did u not swear 2 uphold the laws of our constitution? Vote Gorsuch! SMH
did he not promise to tell the truth?  Nit answerin Q's is like lying. Hus job interview. Too cute
yea, that's why he wrote all those letters to politician to get a political job. Pay attention
what is troubling is you don't understand Amendments. Those are "changes to our founding document.
You are a joke. You need to retire already & stop embarrassing yourself & our state.
@SenSchumer @OccupyDemocrats @democratichub @TheDemocrats
Nxt.?;CORPORATIONS AREN'TcitizensBECAUSEtheyCAN'Tbe imprisoned;i.e. San Bruno pipeline fire @PGE4Me ,which now has RATE PAYERS PAYINGtheFINE
As a contributing Dem I am astonished how pathetic all of us performed today.This is over, I expect much better
Please stop referring to citizens as "the little guy", it's so derogatory.
@HouseDems & @SenateDems:
#StopGorsuch #PostponeGorsuch
#BlockTrumpCare
#ImpeachSessions
#InvestigateTrump
#moron
Senator Feinstein-I just watched a large portion of your Gorsuch questioning.When someone is answering your ?s it's polite to look at them.
he's not answering any Q's. He's being interviewed for a job. He's twisting not to answer.
get a grip read the constitution it's there to stop bad governing
squeeze him!  Don't let him get away.
Diane please retire. You are an embarassement to America.
Gorsuch might want to stop smirking until he's actually confirmed.
He did not answer the question. Keep asking Senator, keep asking.
this confirmation hearing must stop
You're right,
Just confirm and get it done
you're wrong this man should not be confirmed while trump is being investigated by the FBI
Should not politicize the judicial branch for any reason. Besides, there's no evidence of any collusion.
look stop tweeting he's under investigation Mr clapper drew his own conclusions Comey has his own
He didn't answer the question.
his answer was irrelevant.  Can he rule according to the law of the land?  Dems don't think so.
I just heard on TV you saying what you think of our Constitution..I was shocked! The Democrats are brainwashed!
Please don't bother with views (future he can obfuscate). Ask WHY he ruled the way he did in past.
need to know his thoughts on issues, too.  Gives sense if who he is
He didn't answer the question.
