His whole LIFE is a conflict of interest. The taxes will be proof of how corrupt he is.He said he'd release them,cause he thought he'd lose.
Trump never said he would release his taxes.
You're wrong! He did on several occasions.
@GellerBob @KennethMacaule3 @embolina95 @SenFeinstein I never heard about Trump saying he would release his taxes. Would you release yours?
And yes,Trump promised to release taxes, if he won, see you tube video. He said that, because he didn't think he was gonna win.
Listen Mary Jane, I wouldn't release MY taxes, if I won the presidency, why should he release HIS.....
Then you might be as corrupt as Trump, Mr. MaCauley. If you've got nothing to hide, you shouldn't have a problem releasing taxes. Hmmmmm.
Trump is NOT required under law to release his taxes, and I've NEVER  heard him called a pedophile. What evidence do you have of that?
Other than taking the Socialist on tour, WTF are you all doing about Russia, collusion and our country being attacked by the trashy rich?
Who cares. He's given more of his own money than you ever have or would! Get over it.
there's no excuse for Congress not to PASS A LAW requiring it. Mention it to Mitch.
Law already exists - GOP REFUSES to enforce it
5 U.S.C. app. 4 §§ 101-111: Public financial disclosure requirements
https://www.oge.gov/web/oge.nsf/Resources/5+U.S.C.+app.+4+%C2%A7%C2%A7+101-111:++Public+financial+disclosure+requirements …
[1/2] Not clear to me that that requires disclosure of tax returns specifically, which motivates things like this: https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/house-bill/305 … .
[2/2] But Trump _is_ violating both Constitution & federal law with his known financial conflicts.  Everyone tell Congress to #ImpeachTrump.
I shall bury them in tweets until they seize my iPhone #resist

And yet if you impeach Trump, Pence walks right in. So I don't think you guys have thought this through.
Oh, yeah we have- hence why Pence is also on the 'being investigated' docket 
Dianne Trump did pay taxes. Now can you get Congressman Lewis and Al Sharpten and  Maxie Waters to pay their tax owed.
Because he dosent have to.
No and I don't need to. There are more important things to focus on.
What's  wrong with you? I had to put up with BS for the last  8 year and never disrespected the President. It's our turn now so cool it.
Tell Hillary to release ALL of her emails.
#TaxMarch Saying that the Trump administration is corrupt is like saying that Donald's hair makes him look like a moron.  #CaptainObvious 
The point is taking him down -  hence why we would point it out. #TrumpRussia #TrumpTaxes #TaxMarch
Couldn't agree more. Then again if you unleash a rabid dog and he bites someone, do ya blame the dog or the moron who set him free to do so?
I wish you would direct this against your senate and house GOP colleagues who are at fault for not forcing him to
If only they gave a damn
Why we need #termlimits - with all the domestic and foreign issues facing America, she is fixated on POTUS taxes. @realDonaldTrump
You mean w/all the laws being broken? It's Congresses JOB to hold 45 accountable to US laws. Incl 5 U.S.C. app. 4 §§ 101-111
And all the other laws 45 breaks DAILY. 
Btw - 5 U.S.C. app. 4 §§ 101-111: Public financial disclosure requirements
https://www.oge.gov/web/oge.nsf/Resources/5+U.S.C.+app.+4+%C2%A7%C2%A7+101-111:++Public+financial+disclosure+requirements …
Bc this is a Democracy
NOT a dictatorship
Snowflake hiding behind a pseudonym.
Can't argue facts, so resort to personal attacks. Typical. Such low quality trolling these days. Makes Logical Fallacy Troll Bingo difficult
Trump is intoxicated with his power, his extravagance & his entitlement. He's acting like a king. The darker he gets, he's more of a despot
Well seeing as how the GOP is big on "committing the crime" and denying the punishment,....why don't WE just STEAL his returns from the IRS?
At this point, I'd sacrifice the dignity for some defense!

They're breaking the law, kicking our asses and GETTING AWAY WITH IT!!!

Angry?
Same here.
And, IDC which way we get rid of THEM, as long as it means NO republican will slide into his spot and screw us just the same!
Did you even mention the slaughter of children today by the US's  buddy, al Qaeda?
Read some more and you will learn.
Ok what should I read specifically?
Here's a start -
That's old....2014
It's history - like I said, read more and learn.
It's disgusting Anti-American propaganda. I'm proud of America.
Perhaps he doesn't want you to know that he has conflicts of interest? Did you think of that? Where do I go to see your taxes?
Get a life ! Do something productive ...
SEIZE-THEM. We've gotta go drastic to save world from orange Caligula's coward-need 2 wage War to Prove his gender.
Donald Trump will never release his tax returns. Therefore, they need to get leaked. And not by Donald Trump as was the case with Maddow
He doesn't have to.  But I'd like you to release YOUR taxes and your husband's.  Especially after the high speed rail contract was awarded.
How can u b a Senator & ur husband be awarded contract for high speed rail in #CA? He was also chosen 2 represent Gov Prop sales #CONFLICT
@SenFeinstein Trump will not release because he KNOWS they will show the ethical violations that may bring on impeachment.
There's no excuse 4 Obamass not to release a copy of his birth certificate! It's key to understanding why he trashed USA 4 the last 8 yrs?!
So you mean you don't trust the IRS? Don't you think if there was anything in his tax returns your operatives would have already leaked them
You don't even know the law so stop tweeting.
If your talking to me what law?
So you do not know that IRS can't release anyone's tax return and is felony to publish others return unless it is mailed to press anonymous
Yes I know the privicey laws. And I know that that docs turn up in mail boxes all the time. The federal government does not have good record
With all due respect Senators, we  are done, democracy is over if they can't do this, force him to show his taxes documents
He is hiding a bunch of corruption and transparency would destroy his plan, the President thing is just a building wealth tool for profits.
#TermLimits Retire this old bag.
& no reason 4 Barack Obama not to release his college transcripts?  They were key to understanding his ideology and work ethic (or lack of).
No tax return...no tax reform.  Please stand strong on this issue.
@PrincessBravato The only way Trump releases his taxes is if Congress forces him to. Since @gop are complicit, that's unlikely
'Whether' he has conflicts of interest? 
Don't you think he has enough "in the light of day" conflicts of interest to impeach him now? His taxes are worse than we imagine.
You should release yours by example, if you don't you must be hiding something.
I truly could care less....im more interested in term limits for all congressional elections!!
How about right of privacy U R getting delusional again verging on collusion with the Russians idea Let it go a start working for tax cuts
Yes
by tweeting this, you clearly show your ignorance
Hasn't he broken enfu laws yet?????
@realDonaldTrump Donnie baby, what are you hiding? Longer this goes, the uglier it will get #ReleaseYourTaxes #TrumpRussiaCollusion #sad
In a close race in November of that year, Moscone placed 1st with city supervisor John Barbagelata 2nd and supervisor Dianne Feinstein 3rd
Feinstein entered the office where Milk lay dead. She grabbed his wrist for a pulse, her finger entering Milk's bullet wound.
Really though @SenFeinstein arent there way  more pressing issues like why we are bombing nations? Dem's need to hold accountable #Demexit
Right now, it would be nice to know if those taxes show if he is changing the tax rules to benefit him.
I would like to know how you got such a sweet deal on your husband selling those properties? That should be investigated for sure
So you and your husband are going to make over a billion dollars of the buildings that he's going to sell? Hmmm interesting
May we see yours? I'd like to know how much money you take from pharmaceutical and law enforcement entities. End the Drug War!
Well, that's his "excuse," then.
@89VWGolf He does have conflict. GOP covering up for POTUS.#impeachandimprison
Except that he does HAVE a conflict of interest...
Why dont you and the other oldies retire? Some of the things you old Dems have said lately is rediculous. Pelosi thinks Bush is still pres.!
@POTUS There was NO excuse for Obama not to release his birth certificate.We all knew he was muslim. He hated America! Leave our Pres. alone
Lol, do you want to repeat Rachel Maddow's golden moment? Because that would be hilarious If it happened a second time.
blah..blah..blah
Would love to see your full tax returns. Family getting priority on govt. contracts that are not avaliable to regular people.
Hog wash
@IndivisiblePHL Stop talking and start doing something- If you can't prove the multiple Trump/Putin links yet, then I give up.
Trump will initiate WWIII just to deflect attention from his ongoing trials and tribulations- All about him.
The only reason not to release them is fear of what they show. It's that simple.
And the resident does but he thinks nobody knows it.
Tax cheat,  MONEY IS HIS ONLY RELIGION
What kind of country have we become?  NO ONE IS ABOVE THE LAW!  WE DEMAND TO SEE HIS TAXES NOW!
Come on Dianne, to insist would be like forcing someone to testify against his self & then he will plead the 5th
It's become pretty clear @realDonaldTrump has something to hide, wonder what it is? #TaxMarch #TrumpColluded #Berklee #flynnflipped #fbi
Yes we want this!  He isn't revealing something and the truth must be told.
Exactly.
It's not whether but Where
Blah
Put your energy in a more worthy cause like the suffering of animals.
To bad your colleagues are complicit to fascism and are destined to destroy democracy
You and your husband should release your taxes as well, and you should do it first and lead by example.
He clearly has so much to hide!same reason he won't disclose visitors' log #lies
Not true
Straight to the point @realDonaldTrump ego can not allow the American people to discover how broke he is, nor what a truly poor businessman
@dcjohnson Everybody has conflicts of interests, he has lapses in interest, but his job is not to have them.
Then do something PLEASE. My Sens. Flake & McCain aren't doing anything to stop USA being ruined by unstable DT. It's as scary as 1960
Yes but he's a liar and a cheater and trader
What was the point of leaking out his 2005 tax returns and keep asking for more
@IndivisibleTeam can we just get #donaldtrump and #MELANIATRUMP to NOT vacation on our dime every weekend!?!?!??! #StayWoke
This is precisely why he doesn't release them. Does FBI and CIA have access to them?  House & Senate investigators?
Then congress need to act!
He won't release his tax returns bc he does have conflicts of interest.
Spoiler alert: He does.
Not to mention the odd Russian money laundering
There was no excuse for obama not releasing a birth certificate and college transcripts...

Where was your outrage then Dianne?
#hypocrisy
Intelligence Committee should be able to review his taxes.
THERE IS A VERY GOOD EXCUSE, HE DON'T WANT AMERICA TO KNOW WHO OWNS HIM!
Please keep saying that.
Absolutely! What is he hiding?!
The Senate should demand his taxes as part of the investigation.
You mean like the conflict with bullet train contracts?  Better try and keep your own side of the street clean.
Please continue saying this - and loudly.
Nobody cares
What you do when you have something to hide
There's no question - he has conflicts of interest.
So with this nonsense, ma'am. America chose a leader, strong and bold. We know who you are and what you represent, weak & feckless.
@NewsroomJim 
There is no need for Trump to release his tax return. We know he has conflicts of interest: his and the nations.
"Someone should look into who paid for the small organized rallies yesterday. The election is over!"
Yes, it's not about whether he paid.
Candidates should be required to submit this information the minute they sign up for running. Passing mental health evals should be a must.
Of course he has conflicts he a damn crook. He owns companies that have to do with war, banking, office rental. Impeach him DONT WAIT PLEASE
How would releasing his taxes better our country? Let's Focus on the problems from the last 8 years under obama - he made a fool of the U.S
We know that he has a multitude of conflicts of interest...we just need the tax returns to prove it.
no excuse for no term limits!
He knows that he will be impeached if he does. That's why he did not release them during the campaign. He would have lost! Lyr
That is why they will never be released.
Your whining makes me laugh and now I hope he never gives you what you want
There is also no reason we do not have term limits in place for all levels of Government when are you going to do something about that
I must rephrase that: understanding the depths of his conflicts of interest. It's clear he has them!  #TaxMarch
Agreed. That's all we want to know.
Oh my god, did you see POTUS 45's hair ? It's like GOLD, Not a dull brown like Dianne's and she looks like John McCain. Should retire
kinda like obamas birth certificate? hypocrites
You don't think Trump might have any conflicts of interests, do you?
That is the excuse.
I agree on Trump's taxes but what about your husband selling post offices? That is just as egregious a conflict, spitting us in the face.
Nuclear weapons a threat and you are worried about his taxes??
Who CARES!
All you have to do is , "Just Follow the Money". Extremely well funded Left organizations out to destroy Trump. Democrats fighting Vote.
Broken Record....Dems/liberals will continue to try anything 2DEFLECT ----watch 4 it
Well what do we do to get them? Because we've all said this for a year
You're an embarrasement to humanity. Release your hold on your seat and the conflict you force upon your voters.
He would do it if he had nothing to hide. He is a disgrace. #impeach #corrupt #trumprussia
Anti-Trumpers are the only ppl who want to see them.  Go find Obama's transcripts and college records then we can talk. #MAGA
.@SenFeinstein surely they will be required for the Senate Intel Committee investigation? #TrumpRussia
They're key to understanding the extent of his conflicts of interest.
Trump shows us daily he is completely unfit to be President of the USA.
His only concern is for himself and then maybe his family.
So now that the Russia thing has evaporated you lunatics are going after tax returns? Pathetic.



mara-la-GO-F*CKYOURSELF
#TaxMarch #taxmarchla
#TaxMarch #taxmarchla #losangeles #Impeach45
I agree. He also is wasting our hard earned tax dollars.
Thanks Dianne, but I believe the "conflicts" begin as soon as 'Trump opens his mouth!!!
It doesn't take tax returns to know EVERY political figure has conflicts of interest.
Trump is tied to Russia and he is still sitting in the white house. We dont seem to be the great USA nymor since Trump crimed his way 2th wh
And We are paying for his kids travels. Trump family is living off of the american peoples tax dollars. He wont show his tax papers.
Also Sen Feinstein, the country is being run by Trump family. Trump is making money off of th presidency. He will bankrupt us, the USA.
I am just not interested
YES THERE IS IF YOUR #GOP DONT WANT HIM IMPEACHMENT UNTILL HE RUBBER STAMPS THIER WEALTHY AGENDA GOP KNEW OF #TRUMPRUSSIA TIES B 4 ELECTION
There's also no excuse to make laws and be exempt from them, Senator.
Just stop it all of you mean people scratching around in hatred. Wars are raging and people are suffering and starving.
How about focusing in actual policies and fighting Trump's picks instead of this, you'd get further.
