Counties don't vote.  Land doesn't vote.

_People_ vote.  And the majority of the USA voters did not want Trump to be POTUS.
Also, your count of counties is a blatant lie: http://www.snopes.com/trump-won-3084-of-3141-counties-clinton-won-57/ … .  Stop perpetuating lies.
And do not try to defend Trump et al. trying to deny 32 million Americans healthcare, which would kill 38,000 Americans per year.
And defending Trump is not only about healthcare.  It's how he is systematically carrying out Putin's agenda on the US.  He's a traitor.
Trump may not have committed treason by US rules, but he's violating the Constitution & has committed a long list of other crimes.
Crimes such as colluding with a foreign government to commit crimes to influence the election in his favor.
Everybody would be effected by elimination of preexisting condition law, lifetime cap and children on insurance until 26.
Gibberish fails you.
32 million without access to healthcare - how many jobs in healthcare would also be lost as a result?
based on expected population growth and medicaid losses...
Just get off the illegals broken record.
LOL! Stop watching Faux News propaganda & listening to Trump's lies. Illegals aren't voting illegally.
32 million were uninsured before obama care and wasnt any different. All that's different is the workforce is paying the bills now.
That's false the people uninsured will go to the Hospital without insurance and we will get the bill. That kills programs to help.  crying
Some couldn't afford insurance before Obama care. Now the same people are being fined because they can't afford Obama care. Educate yourself
Most hate the program b/c of the name Obama care which is racist to say the least but if they want everyone to be happy fix the dam thing
A minuscule amount hate it for that reason. Can't focus on that. Can't fix what isn't working. People still can't afford Obama care
Well that's why it needs to be fixed and turned into a single payer system and Trump will never do that as will Rrepublicans.
You can't always fix a broken car. I know people want to keep the name Obama care but for the wrong reason. It was a rush job before he left
If we fix it isn't fair to give him legacy for implementing a non working program. It's easier to rebuild than patch 1000 patches
@HealthyPetChef Trump supporters & Hillary supporters alike. Should have same coverage as  politicians.
The unconstitutional let us help you or we'll hurt you with financial penalties must be DELETED. Vote 4 Freedom  #RepealObamacare SaveTheUSA
How many did OCare leave uninsured due to affordable premiums? Were is the concern in Washington for all people?
32 million Americans losing healthcare coverage would kill 38,000 Americans per year.  That is _nowhere near okay_.  #SaveTheACA
Proof?? Oh did trumpy say that then it must be true! Zombies brainless white privleged zombies. Get some facts
Please do not let it happen!!!  If this happens it will be our modern day holocaust.
According to CNN only 6.2 mill are enrolled so how will 32 mill lose coverage?
Thank you Senator for all your efforts. Please keep it up. #TheResistance

Directed at Libs only

Katia Marshall Agrees She is on this Site Vincent and I agree @ACLU @AriMelber @McFaul

In her opinion. The facts and figures didn't support her claims.
Maybe not but the people affected by it sure do support her opinion like my parents and many friends who suffered because of Obamacare
U obviously don't know what the ppk want. Repeal & get rid of it. When it collapses those free loaders are out of insurance anyway.
What free loaders?  You mean children who are currently receiving cancer treatment?  Those?! U don't understand. Repeal means DEATH
This guy is a brainless trumpet who has no facts on his side just a racist evil con president. Trump care will kill our system data wins
this is a blatant lie
Based on what? Your denial of the fact the 32 million will no longer have insurance? Get ready for higher premiums and medical costs.
the CBO, 21 million are the people who are forced to purchase health insurance, even though they don't want it.
And the other 12 million? Trump stopped the advertising of ACA. He has threatened to stop subsides to ins co. He's killing it & I'm screwed
medicaid, which can be covered by the states
I don't qualify. I get disability and it's 2much. $20k per yr. I don't qualify 4 Medicare for 24 months after disability date. 13 mo 2 go.
that is odd, I got medicare as soon as my disabilty went thru SSI
May I ask how old you were? I'm under 60
Might the 32 mil b illegals in this country. I don't have INS cuz it's $1260. Per mo. It was $240. B 4  the unafordable ACA
NO, we should go broke, rather than allow ppl. to buy JUST catastrophic coverage. How would you move to  Cuba. #CommunismSocialismMarxism
Dgi
This is a lie.
How's your policy Dianne?
really? 32 huh? with medicade theres 22 million

What did those people do before obama care?
Change the name to Trumpdoesntcare
Stop being against it and 45, be for a new plan, present one...Bernie Sanders has one: Medicare for all, tax will go up anyway
You don't have all the facts
#Trumpcare We won't. Message to Dems: Rebrand as the progressive party. The country is ready.
We also need to make sure Muller and Rosenstein keep their jobs and that Trump is impeached and cannot be pardoned or pardon others.
How many of us have premiums sky rocketing to pay for your socialist plan. Break the backs of working class
Breaking: Medicaid covers all who can't afford to buy. Now, ppl can eat again.
Fight #GMO Give Americans health, we won't need healthcare
But only 10 million are enrolled.
With TrumpCare, no million will be enrolled!
Keep drinking the KoolAid.
Please everyone call your reps
@POTUS (fake one) this makes sense to you?  This is good?  What is wrong with you?
America is relying on the Senate to stop such a debacle
Lets hope Dianne can convince the blockheads in the senate, of the severe consequences that will be realized, if the repeal were instituted
Why? You going to lose your back room payoffs? #DrainTheSwamp

#PaulRyan #Obamacare #TrumpCare #DonaldTrump #IvankaTrump #TomPrice #JaredKushner #RepealAndReplace #MAGA https://www.facebook.com/trumpcaredeathpanel/ …
ROUGHLY THE ENTIRE POPULATION OF CANADA.
Beat the drums..scream bloody murder.If they repeal we the people have to hit the streets..expect you to be there as well Senator.
Repeal will do this only if dem do not come to table and try to come up with a plan. ACA stays in place for 2 yrs. Can u tell the truth?
4. .@SenateDems Republicans want more uninsured because their big party donors use them to increase costs and defraud the tax system. Period
3. .@SenateDems Fine them an amount equal to a combination of their tax fraud plus 50% of their cost increases for the last 3 years.
2. 
Write off any losses.
File tax extensions.
Receive any Tax Dollars, Grants or Incentives, local or otherwise.
1. .@SenateDems I have a way to stop this Republican madness.  Introduce a bill requiring IRS Audits for all Med providers who:
People WAKE UP!! The numbers tell all look at this ripple effect!! #voteRight
#TrumpCare is an oxymoron.
Mr Waterloo Mitch McConnell hates obama so much he rather see 32 million citizens die. Everyone deserves McCain's level of care.
the CBO says 23 million by 2026. Did you flip the number #intentionally?
And those numbers are based on peeps being covered for the next 2 years (which we know will end after 2017) The numbers MUCH worse

We can not let Trump care happen. There is no care in this policy for the millions of Americans who depend on Obama care
So sad.
The UK looks after its citizens health with free health care called the national health service, why can't America have the same as the UK?
THIS....anything else is lip service...
http://landwheremyfatherdied.blogspot.com/2017/07/universal-health-caresingle-payer-its.html …
How many were uninsured before aca? If same, then not really a change. Make companies provide base healthcare. #americaworks  #nofreelunch
But it includes tax breaks (Republican code for "good" entitlements) for the wealthy.  So there is that.
https://twitter.com/Helenhs/status/887993663032360960 …
It is #reprehensible for #Trump & #GOP to even suggest it #America voters #standup #speak-up we elected these people! Time to #honor 
ok, what plan do you propose??? or just running your mouth about Trump care, do you have Obamacare? what plan do you have???
Senator Feinstein, Can Anything be done about dereliction of duty failure to appoint 13 qualified Ambassadors? Military Commanders asking.
BREAKING NEWS ACA has left my children uninsured it's approve and denie and we are in limbo and my daughter has strep and we are uninsured
Will any members of our government be on that list of uninsured? I didn't think so
Aren't there that many ppl now without ins bc they just can't afford it bc of increases? How abt  high deductibles? Obamacare failure!!!
No it won't
What you people need to do is WORK TOGETHER and make a health care package that benefits all Americans.Stop insane insurance & drug prices.
Idk why people are all of a sudden surprised? Correction: why Republicans* are surprised.
#TrumpDontCare
Why #Trump isn't already gone is mystifying. So many violations and breaches of precedent. As he would say, "Bad!"
How many responsible people paying for their own insurance lost it, or their ability to USE it, when you crammed the ACA down our throats?
Why don't you work together to improve #ACA
Don't think it will ppl just need to get off grov paying for them a get a real job Trump is trying to get ppl of wefare
I think, maybe naively, they will kick the can down the road.  With great bluster.  And 2018 will not be the boon dems lust after.
K single payer = nobody uninsured can we let that happen?
Support single payer!
Suddenly worried? Had 8 years to get it right. Now just instruction.
New form of government needed.
Another lie. How many pay fines now because they can't afford premiums? Get Feds of our insurance decisions. Barry's dream? Now a nightmare.
Lie, lie, lie.

Talk to female senators they seem to have the grit to do what's right unlike the horrible excuse for human most of the male republicans sen
There aren't 32 million Americans on Obamacare.
All Americans should have the health care that covers Senator McCain. Starting with me. I'm a Navy orphan at birth. USAF raised Army vet
Coming from a 1% millionaire with Cadillac healthcare...doesn't sound so genuine
BS Senator!
.@GOP FIX the ACA! Bi-partisan discussion is needed. SAVE human lives. McCain is proof, disease has no party affiliation. Do your JOB!
Thank God Senator McCain has solid health care.
Have all the voting you want it ain't gonna pass
How? There is not no where even that number enrolled on Obama care now. I am not paying the $1400 a month they wanted last I enrolled.
I almost died when I heard this! Lives will be ruined, including mine. Pls vote NO!
32 million more Americans would be uninsured by 2026 under Senate measure heading to a vote - The Washington Post  https://apple.news/Aq4VsvZGaRaGGtH3kEd3FNQ …
Yesterday it was 22 million....keeo your lies straight #snowflake
Why would you want this to happen?
Yes we can, and we should. Back off lady!
find a way to deny John McCains healthcare based on his pre-existing denial of others coverage and when he dies the GOP can grow a heart
who just can't make enough for to meet their premiums...you need to get on with your jobs and let the POTUS do his.
What about the millions who are already uninsured, it may be an "affordable" for you but what about the common american...
Repeal Obamacare!!!!
More half truths from the Democrats. Same group that lied to us when they said U could keep ypur plan, keep your Doc & save 2500 on premiums
@Rosie 

OMG.  please no...
Your beyond stupid,there are 10.4 million people on ACA where do you get your fake news figures from,your what's wrong with our gov. Liar
Y'all truly have no fucking clue what the hell you doing anymore do you? Honestly.
lol, more than that have been without insurance idiot! More rather pay the stupid ass fine to not have it...get a fricken clue!
This bill was worse than the first one I don't know how they thought they were going to paddle this off
Check your numbers. Not even that many currently covered.
#RepealObamacare  #HealthCare
I've decided to just tape this to the tv

  BREAKING NEWS
I'm one of those who would die if you repeal ACA.
Terrible.
The GOP is destroying America
Do you have ovomit unaffordable care?  You are full of
What about the 20 million that the ACA left uninsured when it was passed? Where's your bleeding heart for them?
 on ACA towards universal healthcare system to encompass all of us. Repeal means millions dies.  Millions of American lives to early .

More then half don't want it. Forced to pay. Tell the Truth.
Resist!!!
Remember when Obamacare caused millions to lose their insurance? Good times.
Is that Legal Citizens or Illegal Aliens?
Why not?
We wouldn't expect anything else from dems.  #resist no matter what.  I guess we'll just let 32 million go uninsured with obamacare?
U all better get ur asses in gear & get some crap done for once. Instead of prolonging a dead healthcare system.
They aren't allowed in the writing of the bills you have to pay better attention.
If all the people the libs say will die seems like life insurance would be a better way to go
Well you people will surely not be reelected Democrats as well 7 years and nothing Rand Paul is the man you all should go with .,
You're still here?
It will leave the federal government out of running healthcare. I'm all for it.
The fact that there will be no healthcare to run soars right over your empty Libertarian head.
They are probably actually happy Donnie boy won't be there
Oh for the love people! It's not great the way it is! Come work in the ER with me! You ll see ! Instead of fighting about it work as ONE  
Can you just imagine had the parties work together what they could have accomplished ?
And you know that even after two years Republicans will refuse to pass any replacement at all.
Compared to the 48 million before obamacare And the 26 million TODAY? 

Seems fair for a free market
Democrats lied to Americas about Obamacare you can't keep your doctor and can't keep your plan deductible off the charts
So get together with the democrats&write a bill to fix the ACA so they can stop saying you guys are obstructing mail it posted online
#yeswecan
gee beat cancer twice to not be protected it would be ironic if it wasn't my life
Please watch gop and trump!! They're destroying constitution. Allowing putin to take USA. Trump will give it to him.
Ok carol you can sober up now
What it will do is make you do ur job and construct something within a timeline. Get to work
Vote NO on Motion To Proceed next week. TY @SenateDems
You keep your Obamacare Dianne ! The Democrats own it all !! Good luck ! 
And if they do replace it, and that's a big IF, their new bill will be far worse than the one they currently have.
http://observer.com/2017/07/debbie-wasserman-schultz-investigation-imran-awan/amp/ …
What are you doing to further investigations on Loretta Lynch?
So what are you DOING, senator? Anything? Words words. You're full of words and no PLAN. "Do Nothing Dems." The Dem voters are tired of it.
the GOP controls the house and senate. What would you have her do?
Well, for one, on healthcare, filibuster by amendment would've been a good move. We facing unorthodox opponents, unorthodox methods needed
@Rosie 
You are 100 years old! Time to go away so Donald can make America Great Again!
Yeah well until the Dems take back the house or senate expect that the Repubs fall in line like sheep to Trump.
What bastards could do this?

Please find a way to eliminate Presidential pardoning power.  Once the proof is found, the guilty should go to jail.
then don't!!  OBSTRUCT ALL SENATE BUSINESS! FIX ACA AND IT'S MARKET! Get to work!  People over party!
@CNN McConnellPress Started with 22 million, now 32 million stripped of healthcare. Give GOP more rope and maybe they can get to 50 million!
thats 20+ million willingly, 10+ who you cant ensure wont be uninsured? nice figures. all it is is fearmongering. we cali's should be better
How do you suggest we pay for it?
What?? You think that old lady would lie, ROCK ON
Louder!
Yes we can! They can get on Medicaid or get a catastrophic plan - remember Obama removed that type of insurance- how many r illegal aliens?
YOU & other "tesistence" losers will have absolutely NOTHING to say about what happens, either way.
17 MILLION by next year should be the talking point !
Dems FORCED Obamacare onto Americans and while it's strangling so many of us you sit on your hands!!! Do the right thing...#repeal
they had a year of hearings and amendments from republicans. Don't lie
Thank you Senator for your concern for America!
@SenateGOP DO NO REPEAL ACA. #NoTrumpCare #DontKillYourVoters No reelection for GOP in 2018!!!
Explain that please!!
When Trump does not get what he wants he attacks the sick. Watch. Happens each time he is denied something.
#Trumpdoesntcare is more appropriate
You have NO power because you caved in to LBGT and scared the Independents Swing voters away
No we must continue to fight thank you for being our voice in Washington 
This kind of fear mongering is costing democrats any future votes.
What about those of us which are going broke paying for unusable insurance so that the rest can get theirs for free? So wrong!
#TRUMPCAREDOESNT
32 million MORE, please let's get this narrative correct. thank you
Naw the more they throw those numbers around the smarter they think they are
My point is, the total uninsured will be closer 2 50million by 2020
@SenateGOP @senrobportman @SenMikeLee @SenCapito @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @PatToomey  FROM ALL AMERICANS~LEAVE MY #ACA ALONE!
That hasn't been verified as of yet, BUT we do know the passing of ObamaCare did exactly that! But then again OC wasn't about HC, we know!
Her numbers are NEVER right nut if libbies believe her that is all that matters
I'd say more power to anyone who blindly believes someone in politics or anyone position of leadership without checking the FACTS.
#TrumpDoesntCare
Thanks abdul
No problem, Dong
