The way you are expressing yourself, you don't deserve to be serving the people of this nation! Shame on you!!
The GOP will get it done despite the obstruction by the communists in the Democrat party. Drain the swamp
Singlepayer ma'am
Thank you Senator! You're amazing & appreciated!
Deplorable...nice way to refer to yourself Cancer survivor huh? Guess pre existing protection wouldn't help you...
Actually I don't think it is. You are deplorable & you can move along now....
Am I the only one hearing Madison and Jefferson singing "YOU DON'T HAVE THE VOTES!" right now?
Repeal and replace now
Amen to that!
in·del·i·ble (cannot be removed) Whether or not the GOP HC bill ever passes, the fact that they tried to kill us leaves an indelible mark.
Can I have your pharmaceutical & insurance lobby money? I need to offset the costs of you trashing single-payer in California.
It was a bad bill. It wasn't feasible. Call your legislators and ask them to explain it.
It was more feasible than the ACA. But keep trashing what's good for purity.
That makes no sense. I only block stupid people.
Feinstein you are corrupt as Pelosi.
Why are you part of the problem and not part of the solution
Democrats needs to grow some spunk
Limited GOP supporters and afraid for the Finance Committee to see the bill. Such BS.
They won't give up until every trace of FDR has been obliterated.

The People shut down the Capitol demanding @Rendon63rd pass #SB562 #SinglePayer

"Corporate greed is killing my patients!"

…
I can't believe in the wealthiest country of the world we have to fight this hard for basic human rights 4 HealthCare
Really..where does it say I should support your eating and smoking habits?
Democrats need to publicly announce their improvement plans for ACA NOW! Let every American know Dems have a plan that can work for US!!
I just couldn't agree more this statement. At this point, I could care less abt taking the Frickin high road!
Agree, we don't have to be a-holes like them but come on! And now is the time. Get a coherent message and fight back!
Why don't you try to help make the healthcare bill better instead.
NO WALL-NO JOBS-NO HEALTHCARE-NO CLIMATE-NO BLACKS,BROWNS or WOMEN-NO TAX CUTS, NO INFRASTRUCTURE, NO IMMIGR, NO MEDIA. BUT WE GOT RUSSIANS!
Gruber was right. People who supported Obamacare are stupid
Time for Dems to unite behind single payer and get that proposal out in the public sphere
Republicans are forced to fix dems failing ACA. They w come up w something. Or we all vote 3rd party 2018!
Can u at least look like u care about us, the American people, we have 1 insurance company in my state!
Aetna and Anthem made 4.5 billion in 2016 but can't "afford" to do insurance but they never leave Medicare Advantage plans! Cherry pick!!!!
No more troops in Afghanistan until we have healthcare for Americans
Tell Americans the truth: there are about 45 universal healthcare nations on earth. We are human like those people. Why don't we have one?
Because the care is deplorable. People who live in those nations fly here for their critical surgeries.
Wrong concept...
Thank you Senator! They are imploding, now is the time for Dems to get a solid message and fight, not just do damage control!
I'll believe it when I see it! They thought the same with the house bill!
Don't letup please and thank you!
So much for that republican supermajority. Lol
Republicans will be in power for a long time Dianne - thanks in part to unlikeable Dems like you and Hillary.  Better get used to it. Haha
And we're not letting up on you to finally represent your constituents in supporting a Single Payer System... Or you will be primaried out!
With all due respect please stop taking money from insurance lobbyists and pharmaceutical. I would support you wholeheartedly then
Why dont you help out to make it better @senfeinstein instead of running your mouth 6month yall could have worked together to make it better
What are you asking us to do?
Fight for us Lady, we need this now more than ever. And thank you for what you do for America. #Patriot
They aren't republicans. They're White Nationalists. But I hear you.
Yes please keep up the fight for all humanity. Thank you for your leadership
@RoyBluntMO @RoyBlunt AMA American Assoc AARP & most others do not support trumpcare. Why would you? Say no to trumpcare. #NoBCRA
Democrats need to float another choice - the American people are being herded into private insurance they do not want or cannot afford.
Can U look @ universal HC from 3 other major countries & adapt it to fit American needs. Start with the notion that basic HC is Human Rights
Hope dems are working to fix what's wrong with the aca considering you may have control in 2018. Is that happening?
Exactly right they need a little more time to think of some better lies to get them over the hump
Because your God Damn Lies are really getting quite Annoying and We The People are getting frankly Sick and tried of it.
You really need to stop pissing off the American people.
continue to call. continue to show up at protests and meetings. Nothing happens until you show up! And always, always VOTE
Reuters just reported Trump saying he thinks it will pass. I don't trust McConnell. He pulled this stunt before & ended up celebrating at WH
@Rendon63rd Ur both corporate whores selling out Americans. The GOPs bill is reprehensible. But u stab us in the back for $ 2.
I told my Congressman and Senator to repeal the ACA.
Dems need to put forward a plan to fix the short comings of the ACA. Get a plan scored by CBO and present to public.
Yes! Thank you for continuing to keep up the good fight! CA is so fortunate to have great senators like you & Kamala Harris!
I pray that members of the Dems and Repubs in Congress work together as AMERICANS Put country first before party Is that too much to ask for
Seriously, America begins to grasp why the practice of public tar & feathering gained such popularity.
Some like Paul and Johnson thought it wasn't mean enough.
GOP deserves to be eviscerated for even considering such a cruel & indiscriminate attack on our most vulnerable Americans & their families
if they cut more immediately then Paul, Cruz, Lee and Johnson will vote for it.
Keep an eye out for after-hours overnight passage!
In the interim, MSM needs to do an expose on GOP sabotage of ACA (the whole arsonist yelling  thing)
Go retire already
It's not enough to oppose the AHCA, Dems MUST show the public that they are going to improve on ACA. Next step is #MedicareForAll
If you can't support that, then you are NOT responding to your constituency and it's time to retire according to pew research 52% of Dems
Thank you!!! We won't.
Thank you for your continued efforts to demand we keep our American democracy, American people respect you so much, love you keep Protesting
They will try to pull a fast one on us. BEWARE
Exactly! Keep fighting
This is about human rights. Republicans protect wealthiest at any cost. They r fine w/ genocide of our most vulnerable. Call it what it is.
Hopefully their constituents tell them what's up during the recess.
YEAH DIANE - don't FORGET ABOUT #Russiagate ! #WeThePeople WON'T LET UP on THAT!
Can we please call it what it is? IT'S A TAX BREAK BILL, not a healthcare bill.
Can we please just fix what is broken? Everyone should be cared for, in sickness and in health
Imagine 4 years of this.....
GOP must work together to fix glitches in ACA for the sake of all Americans. 
Americans will rejoice Donald.
Having delayed the vote, they're planning to bully and bribe the Republican holdouts to change their stance. They probably will succeed.

@SMShow How about pushing for Single Payer like you have? When will you start working for us?
When are the American people going to get Medicare for all? Congress should bear the same HC bill they force upon us.
I'm afraid there's *Shady Secret Monies* being offered to let this Bill pass.
Please have an answer to this disaster of a bill. Hopefully, Dems are ready with their own proposal.
Thank you for fighting what is right.  #WarriorWoman
CITIZENS  don't be quiet, they r going to rearrange the wording but the CORE  is the same. $$ for top % .SMOKE AND MIRRORS 
Thank you Diane!
You, other Dems, and sane Reps need to work on an alternative that fixes problems with #ACA #Obamacare  You can do it!
There are way too many people on Medicaid/Medical! Federal government does not do health care well!
Don't get it twisted Ms Feinstein. This was no healthcare legislation. It was a tax break for the über wealthy.
Correct they tried to repeal the ACA 50+ times they'll try to pass the death sentence to a lot of Americans probably be much worst each time
Gives them more time to whip votes, make back room deal and bribe..... get ready , this is going to be JUST LIKE HOUSE disaster
Thank you Senator Feinstein.
Please purchase a pair of these for every D member of Congress & WH Press Journalist - ty 
We can't let up!
True.
SINGLE PAYER MEDICARE NOW ! ! !
Agreed they are looking for another closed,door we must keep the pressure on
I'm glad you won't let up... Fight and offer the solution to both #Trumpcare and #Obamacare ----> #SinglePayerNow
Sign, call, tweet, complaint, resist until it's over!
We're 'in'.
RT. Immediately we all need to boycott Kentucky Bourbon. Now. McConnell needs to hear from the $ in his state.@CNN @MSNBC
When you say "We can't let up". It proves that you are not willing to accept anything. How sad the way you betray the American people.
Hang in there Senator.   We are counting on our ladies because the men are apparently too stupid.
You would be against ANYTHING they come up with. You prove by your tweet to never let up.
Resist like your life depends on it! Because millions of people are living in fear of dying right here in AMERICA! End the suffering impeach
They'll be plotting in secret again!
Exactly Senator Feinstein, they are going to try to push it through like Congress did. You're right, we can't let them forget how we feel.
YOU should reach out to Collins on the R side. See if she & others are willing to work things out with D. You have a good manner to handle.
That what obstructionalist do.  Nothing positive just hate and stupidity rule them
How about the dems and gop get tigether and find a solution!
They WILL try again.
We need the Dems to oppose and simultaneously offer proposals to fix ACA. Roll out a plan. Push it in the media.
Thanks,@SenFeinstein! #RESIST
Time to go to the left to counter them with #MedicareForAll #PublicOption
Never let up

#ALLIN4AMERICA
#trumpcareunamerican
Looks like Republicans are having just as much trouble getting their "healthcare" bill passed as they did getting Obamacare repealed. #Jerks
This is their plan.  Please say we know this.
We're with you! #Resist #EnoughIsEnough
@Chawailia  Sharks never give up hunting their prey, it is both the frenzy and the feast!
YOU GO GIRL!!! Keep fighting for all of use Sen. Feinstein. We need you to save us from the GOP's sinking disaster they call TrumpCare! SOS!
Of course they will & if you really wanted to win this all of the dems would be out there fighting for single payer! #MedicareForAll
Federal government should not deliver a product. @CarlyFiorina for Senate!
Single payer!!!!
Keep up the fight against Trumpcare!
OBAMA HEALTH. CARE IS AM OXYMORON TO
Thank you for standing strong!
Are we working on a plan to reform and  rejuvenate the current plan while republican fumble up?
ABSOLUTELY RIGHT!!!
They will probably try a souped-up version of the stealth vote the House pulled. Never take your eyes off that cotton-mouth snake MuckConL
It's sad to think the GOP won't let up until people die
Exactly now we need to raise our voices even louder - cbo stated 28600 people will die if they pass this bill
22 MILLION are threatened. With no public, private health, a Zika outbreak, unusual 'flu season, contaminated H2O, adverse weather=disaster
We won't. We are with you. Keep going
Thank you for fighting for us Senator..
They will try and the People the Resistance will be there marching confronting writing calling etc every Congressman every time!
Republicans are the little engines that could. Tey will try again, and again, and again until they wear you out or they can cheat and win...
Again and again. They have to. Until they force their fellow repubs regardless of cost to vote it in.
Or MuckConL has a stroke. Polio virus can reactivate, you know...but he apparently didn't have as serious a case as others I've known, so...
Make calls everyday day 
Nope, not for a minute! Jeff Flakes office is sick of me calling and sending messages! Good!!
Seriously!
We won't.   #resist #savemecapito
@funder That's right! And no Celebrating even when if win. Keep up the pressure. Call,Call,Call...
Yep. Watch out. Putin's gonna loan Crimea to the Republissians so they can gerrymander enough extra votes to push Trumpcare thru #july4
Tell us what you are FOR. And it should be #MedicareForAll. #SinglePayer. #NotaGovernmentTakeover
.@SenFeinstein if Atty Gen's can block a travel ban that threatens Americans, why not block a #HealthcareBill that threatens Americans?
That would be nice, don't think Sessions will, he loves Trump & Putin.
So, w the travel ban, state atty generals filed to block the Travel Ban. Sessions wasn't really in that loop.
At least the republicans are independent on their thinking, democrats follow like sheep
FBI investigation money laundering collusion corruption and hatered let's take that down sooner then later
Can you even believe that Trumps Pac is taking out attack ads on Heller? No wonder Spicer and Huckabee always have that look of *terror*
Thank you Senator! Really appreciate your outspoken leadership on this issue.
You need to read your tweets
We need to stay awake and aware!
We're doing all we can! How about you and other D's getting more vocal about how destructive this healthcare bill is! Time to get louder!
Gives them time to BUY the needed votes.
#stoptheobstruction #obamacarerepealisnecessary #wethepeopleneedgoodHC #VOTE2018 #worktogetherforusall
Thank you for holding firm!! Your constituents are grateful
I'm a constituent. #stoptheobstruction #proveyourselfapatriot #DoYourJobforallofus #improvewhatRepubsgaveyou #bearepforAmerica
You are. And you have the right to call as well. Those of us who want the #ACA ARE patriots as well. Thanks
No dems were invited to WH today yet Bump claims dems won't participate. He's creepy like that.
The Dems HAVE been invited. They refused to go. #stoptheobstruction #worktogether #beAmericansfirst
I am sure they will pressure until they get it pasted!! They will either buy them off or intimidate whomever is not voting their way.
Thank you from #CA22 #Fresno #Clovis
Cuff him
The democrats need to offer up an alternative plan.
Hapless and ignoramus' points of view to satisfy the lust for mo money! Always mo money!
They'll try and try?! Eight years of this crap and ruling sayso and they still can't legislate?! They're the frigging keystone cops of Gov!
I agree. I'm sick of Congress! #beAmericansfirst #worktogether #dontpassittoseewhatsinit #unitedwestanddividedwefall #remembertheRomanEmpire
With all due respect you need to put the partisan stuff away and work with the Republicans to fix HC.  It's time; the country is not going
come together if you all don't.
OK, have you been watching the talkathons and such? The Democrats literally are only asking to discuss the bill. If one side doesn't
want to work together, then that is the end of it. And McConnell and Co. aren't willing to take that step.
This gives chance to redouble efforts to RETAIN and REPAIR ACA! Best wishes for Safe and Same 4th of July celebration!
Is it true that Republicans want to dump McConnell?
Pls.Senator We the ppl.sugest that Dems.& Gop get together & repair ACA. Put Country bfore. Party.Time to think about us now more than ever!
Work with the moderate Repubs who might care about poor, sick and old people.
Now let's get back to talking about Russia
Republicans have never failed to buy the votes they need. Just wait, the price will soon be right for those now holding out.
Not if they want to keep thei jobs. There is 2018 right around the corner, unless Russia helps them again.
Time to track down @SenateGOP at their #4thofJuly parades and let them know how you feel...
Is that a threat? #violencenevertheanswer #dividedwefall #weareallAmericansFIRST
maybe some will be indicted by then!
You are so right
Democrats are toast til they stop hysterical obstructing  & participate w/ honest intent. Ditch Pelosi & Schumer. They typify coastal elite.
MUST be bipartisan. Must be compromise between $ savings/health benefits. Must look at cutting HC cost. Why are prices rising so fast?
Because Obamacare is an absolutely unsustainable plan. #worktogether #stoptheobstruction #yourehurtingusbyobstructing
I can only believe and hope you do not understand the damage Obamacare has done to working people otherwise you would knowit must be fixed.
What of single payer? Stop with the platitudes and making it seem like red vs blue. It's more like constituents vs corporate puppets.
The insurance industry has financed the elections of reps and senators. They aren't going to stand for single-payer system.
That is the key
@SenateMajLdr How long will the American people have to beg the Republicans to allow us to live? What has happened to this party?
You are evidently a CNN lemming. Watch projectveritas 3 CNN reporters were forced to quit because they were caught admitting collusion as bs
Goooo Diane Gooooo, Gooooo
What happens when your people's money no longer trumps votes? These donors are our enemies. Learn from 2016.  #SinglePayer Dianne
They will have the money after the Koch Brothers keep fund them more!
