@SenFeinstein so what's your contingency when we say fuck off to your laws? 1776 was all about gun confiscation. Let that sink in.
Just a back door to you and your ilk banning any gun you think we don't need. The 2nd amendment is for protection from people like you.
Yeah stooge since the 2nd amendment was written when they were using muskets. Laws need to be revised to the times.
First amendment was written when there was no TV radio and social media stooge.
Your kidding me!! Let me guess you are one of the redneck uneducated people that voted for the idiot you call Pres.
Republicans are running endlessly with the second amendment. Where does it stop
It stops when democrats leave my guns alone. #LawAbidingCitizen
The false notion of “Dems wanna take our guns” is pathetically mis-leading and tired and irresponsible. Grow up.
That person on your profile pick said she’ll “ban all handguns.” Dems don’t want conservatives to have protection. It’s that simple.
Don't give up fighting for sensible legislation
Saw you on CNN. "Machine guns" are NOT illegal. Restricted but NOT illegal. Please read Title 18 USC Chap.  44.
Dr shekelstein says no guns for goyim till he pays the extortion fee..
If you had your way only the bad guys would have guns.
Why does it still feel like the NRA controls this whole debate? It's maddening and gross.
Because it does. Because millions of us who own firearms are NRA members (5 million +/-)  and want the NRA to protect our 2nd Amend. rights.
Lawmakers ride on symptoms never the cause. Without' m  you're voice is gone. The left clings to victims not foundational solutions.
You should feel a little foolish since they were legalized under Obama
You'd have cut off one of Jerry Miculeks fingers...
We are stronger, better, faster than minorities
Luckily, the Constitution hasn't changed.  Shall not be infringed is easily understood by everyone except Democrats.  You may go now.
Please stop talking about guns...you clearly have no idea what you're talking about
Really tired of this flaccid conversation about guns. 58 innocent people dead. It's just a matter of time before that record is broken. 
And? Thousands died when the trade centers went down and not one trigger pulled...
The difference? We took precautions for planes ever since.
Next time 2ndA folks say honor other states gun laws like an Auto license respond: When guns owners licensed,registered & insured like cars
Driver's licenses and license plates are not covered by the Bill of Rights. States license people and cars because it raises money for the state coffers. Big difference.
Yes, please rally your colleagues to make it happen. Thank you. All automatic weapons need to be banned but it’s a different conversation.
The modification is not illegal. People want it to be illegal. But that would leave criminals and government the only ones with them.
Bump stocks were given the ok by the Obama administration.

5 dead, 29 hurt in weekend violence that puts Chicago past 500th fatal shooting. Is anyone going to #TakeAKnee for them? 
NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO UPDATE. NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO 2ND. NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO UPDATE NO NO NO NO NO 2ND AMENDMENT NO NO NO
Automatic means self-loading, and only need to hold back on trigger to fire, nothing has changed except bump skocks
I'm more concerned about weather tg Dotard is going to tweet us into a nuclear war he needs to be removed via 25th amendment. Now
Gun Insurance Through State & Federal Bullet Tax. ..Government Has To Pay For All This Senseless Gun Violence. ..You've Left Us No Choice
What the hell you talking about, offenders need severely punished, would solve the problems, no repeat offenders!
No it's pretty straight forward. One trigger pull, multiple bullets.
We also need also need to prohibit the creation of bump stocks with 3D Printers as part of the law. Prohibiting sales will not be enough.
RUH-ROH now where did I hear that before?
You just found out about bump stocks. That's why you are a failure. That long in office and you have no clue what's happening in the real.
Public hanging for punishment for murder with a firearm would solve the problems real quick, but bleeding hearts don't want that
there are no updates for assault weapons, single shot is only constitutional solution, repeal & replace, any more is unconstitutional
Can we update them to jail politicians who create unconstitutional laws?
Kommiefornia needs to update their senators get new ones
Democrat Dianne Feinstein Refuses to Say if She'll Return Harvey Weinstein Donations
When did gun laws become more important that human lives? 
Republicans please answer this question.
@GOP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @PRyan
FINALLY! You have one right. I’m NRA Life member and I agree with you, for once.
Start with banning the AR and AK platforms for starters.
Mentality of a Democrat?
You forget to metion that Obama was the one that allowed bump stocks.
Under communism, we wouldn't be using guns at all.
Hahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahha no but you'll wish you could!
The genie is already out of the bottle.
You will not be able to stop this.
Please start making California great again by resigning.
You're right we need to update. Not updating leaves us vulnerable.
So why didn't you in 2010 when you controlled the WH and Congress.  No, you have to wait until someone dies to act look up ratiocination
What guns do you own?
Automatic weapons are multiple rounds with one pull of the trigger. A bump stock reduces the recoil felt.
Please push for assault weapons ban & keep pushing for as long as it takes. Lives depend on it!
This is the kind of comment made by someone who's ignorance is controlled by their emotions.  Total nonsense.
just like we should ban all high performance cars, and Private jets, these too are a danger to our society
In Nice France 86 people were killed and 458 injured by a truck killers are always going to find a way
3D printers make bump stocks, but bump stocks don't make plane bombs!
Feinstein, this debate is not about bump stocks, stop nipping at the fringes, we need more restrictive gun laws
What would those restrictions be?
The continual use of graphic violence using guns in Hollywood movies is a much bigger problem. It glorifies murder by people using guns.
What part of “Shall NOT infringe” don’t you understand, you hypocrite?   You have a firearms CCW and body guards with auto weapons.
So did you feel that way last week at this time? Useless hack...
What a liberal.  If you had your way you would burn the constitution and take all guns away.  #fail #DrainTheSwamp #MAGA #NRA
Makes one wonder why Obama signed the bill legalizing them.
Liberal logic: regulate abortions, and women will go to back alleys to get them. Legislate guns, and all will be fixed. Makes sense...
The gop is the one regulating abortion, right.. not getting this argument
Meaning libs' argument is that if we regulate abortions, women will find a way to get them anyway but not the same with regulating guns?
Yes  people will still find a way to get guns if the want, but stronger gun regulations may reduce gun violence
Actually we really need anger management and gun safety courses even more
Why are you being quoted saying no laws would have helped in LV? The S.O.B. had 43 guns, THAT qualifies as an illness, no?
True
Saw you this am on Face the Nation. It's obvious you don't know what's going on in the world or our country.  Retire.

Said the person that is protected by automatic weapons.
It's time to retire binch.
no law will stop people with evil intentions. you outlawed drugs did it work? nope sure didnt. hasnt even slowed it down.
Y’all are so out of touch with with reality
Your BUDDY OBAMA is the one that approved bump stocks! Go talk to him hypocrite!
Libs who pretend they want to decrease gun violence support immigration from 3rd world countries with huge per capita murder rates.
Yes Rules do need 2 B updated  Rip out as many @ a time as U can & use them in fireplace as weather is getting cooler
Obama okayed the sale of an item nobody had ever heard of, and then some guy mass murders people using them. It's as if this was all set up.
And you my dear are a disgracegul, gun grabbing thief. Technology has made the current definition of a honest politician largely obsolete.
We ask that Domestic Terrorist groups KKK, Nazis aka White Supremists be listed in Title 18 and exiled from US for life. #WWII SoldiersDied
Add to that list socialists, communists and illegals.
Close! That's why we must replace our legislators like you. #Worthless hanger on.

Please take California #Calexit when you go! http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/article/2636874  via @dcexaminer
P leasee exit
Today your screaming bump stocks,tomorrow you'll be saying automatic hunting rifles an on an on...i don't trust you!!
The big problem Congress has today is that America was founded as a free country. Not everyone agrees that freedom is a bad thing.
Feinstein proposes to create a dictatorship by committee, using Congress as the committee.  That was NEVER supposed to happen & why 2nd Amd
The 2nd Amendment was created to protect people from tyrannical gov't officials. Not for hunting, target shooting, or fun.  For self-defense
Then update them for everyone including your security teams....
So when approved for sale under obama admin where were you ?
It actually pulls the trigger for you by using your finger so it's still not automatic. It is also much more inaccurate then real full auto.
Actually that statement is false also. Bump stock reduces the recoil in order to aim precisely a 2nd or 3rd time. Not a trigger mechanism.
It uses your finger to rapidly fire individual rounds so it is not as accurate and does not decrease recoil at all.
Actually it does. It's a spring mechanism that absorbs the recoil, that allows a shooter to ADS faster. By no means a trigger mechanism.
Your thoughts on gun control on this mornings #FacetheNation were honest and clear.
2 things hurting this nation,auto weapons and sanctuary cities
Always Remember this
I'm sorry Senator..Your hundreds of Laws will not prevent these Mass Killings or Serial Killings unless you address the Root Cause
White Men
Although our government often appears to be a giant slow moving machine, we can count on your leadership to enact new laws. Thank you.
More lies from a gun knowledge simpleton
No
How about we use @chrisrock suggestion and regulate bullets. You can only have so many bullets @ once, the of bullets should be substantial
What's obsolete about "the right to bear arms shall not be infringed?"  What is the source of your laws?
Obama really didn't care about gun control Did he
It's really kind of weird how Obama didn't catch that. Now you're depended upon a bunch of Republicans to outlaw them.
The founders wanted Congress to be able to stop states from  discriminating against commerce from other states but not eliminate  commerce.
What Feinstein proposes is that Congress become a dictator to the states, telling states what products they may not produce.
Legislators who are pro gun lobby and pro law enforcement short circuit law enforcement efforts and send common sense to ground
Your a moron, bump stocks and the skill of bump stock have been around for some time, it's not new, the real truth is your tyrannical.
No we must keep our Second Amendment rights and not let evil take our protection. Try and solve evil
English lesson:
So I guess in your demented mind the first amendment needs updating also because of technology.
Update how?? Do you even know the current laws on the books? Doubt it.... At least you can admit your plan of "turn them all in"
Your priorities are out of wack, FrankenFeinstein. Democrats love funding Planned Butcherhood by killing babies  a favored pastime, witch!
Technology like the revolver and the Gatling gun made the 2nd Amendment obsolete.  Ethos and communication/publicity also different. #wakeup
You really think the founders didn't realize that weapons would progress? Many citizens owned cannons
Wtf is wrong with you people?
Next week in Reno, big gun show and trade event planned. No limit on ammo purchases. Bag check won't do anything.
I would bet you never heard of a bump stock before this week. I am certain you can not site another instance of a killing with a bump stock. Like usual you are out of touch. The problem here is the lack of motility on the left.
Excuse me peeps, but senseless MASS MURDERS are important!  Look up the definition "amendment".  What if it was your child murdered??
You miss the point of the 2nd Amendment
Instead of revisiting the 2nd, how about we revisit the 8th amendment.  Cruelty to the monsters, not restrictions on the law abiding.
Yea I agree it's pretty rational
How about this? : You can own and operate a gun IF you are an active member of a "disciplined and well REGULATED militia," ...
as actually stated in the 2nd amendment.
Though it is questionable that such a militia IS "necessary to the common defense" ...
in the country with the largest military budget in the world (by a factor of 3).
A gimmick to skit around the ban on full autos, put them in the same class as full autos. But you wanna ban any scary looking rifle
Congress never had any grant of power to regulate arms under the 2nd Amendment.  The Commerce Clause allows regulation but not prohibition.
Prohibition of alcohol required a constitutional amendment, so prohibition of gun parts would require another constitutional amendment.
It may be time to rethink the 2nd amendment. It too is largely obsolete.
Or largely misinterpreted

You need to stop your crap and concentrate on things that matter to most of our citizens. Quit spending on crap
