Do something about it.
Cry
Hey Bill. Are you saying I should cry, or Feinstein should? And what is it you think Hillary and Obama should be locked up for?
Hi Marlon. Can you point me to some evidence of treason by Hilary or Obama? Which part of America was sold? For how much?
Again, not sure why foreign contributions to a globally operating nonprofit constitute treason. I’d love to hear your reasoning.
Because "We The People" know where Hillary belongs is why his tweet was hilarious
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DJyvCdlUIAAgQkA.jpg …
And here's the lowly 30% that still approves of Trump.. nothing's changed.. still deplorable
Deplorable is correct. I'm surprised Trumps supporters  can even read tweets let alone send them & find time to tweet during
banjo lessons.

Nope. I vote Republican. I just know that Trump is a disaster and he's killing us at home and abroad. Stop watching FOX and do some research
I can tell that your pot smoking head that you've done all the research
I have indeed. Education makes it easy and I've never smoked pot in my life.
Nice try though. Get in touch when you've graduated jnr high.
So tell me Mr. Arrogant, what type of education do you think you have that would make you any better at choosing a Pres than someone else.
No, CA, NY, and big cities should NOT be the ones to decide who our prez is! EVERY county should get a say..Trump won @2600 counties to../1
The only thing it shows is you don't consider a person from a city to be worth as much as someone from a rural area. I wonder why... 
Thats a ridiculous argument. Each area in the US is different and has different needs. Those in rural areas will not understand needs../1
Ever think maybe areas that have more people should have their needs prioritized if they conflict with the needs of less people? democracy.
Take a look at this map. This shows what a small portion of the US would be able to dictate to the rest of the country! Ur telling me that/1
Taking up less space doesn't mean it's smaller. People matter, not acres. And only a bit over ½ of people in the red counties voted Trump.
Exactly. There are counties and there are counties:
Many children & "child-like" people look up to our president as a role model. His reprehensible behavior encourages violence against women.
Against women as well as minorities
Don't throw stones when you live in a glass house.... @Ty_Clevenger for special prosecutor ... he will drain the swamp NOT TRUMP...
ALL talk NO action! If he is too afraid to confront CORRUPT Judges in Texas, he can even clean a toilet bowl!
Your special... he has... "on both sides" - dotard ... research... @Ty_Clevenger believes no-one is above the law and holdes them to it
Hey Dotard - maybe you need to research some more. Obviously illiterate!
Where was the outrage when Bill was w Monica, with Hils emails, w Benghazi, w Obama s lies about healthcare options - get a grip!
You could just about lock up the whole Democratic Party and the world would be a safer place
Just lock up all the Reptiles!!They are killers! Healthcare for allThey want to push DEATHCARE on us. Killing off children, the old and sick
Lock them up
In other news he lied about being under audit so let's have his income tax returns soon.
What's appalling is number of politicians becoming millionaires while elected
We, the People have enough stern words. At what point does this Congress act to remove the dangerously unfit madman form the Oval Office?
For a tweet? Are you high? Rather, just how high are you?
Every thing Right and Moral and True is Appalling and Disgusting to you Lefty and American haters like Hilly Billy Clinton
a role model for us Mr. President. I would have confronted your negative comments in any middle or high school class in which I taught.
He's the schoolyard bully lookjng for validation!  How can you help get him out of office?  How can we all do our part?  VOTE THEM ALL OUT!
Strong words, action?????
Trump's constant harassment of Hillary Clinton verges on criminal. His obsession with her is getting worse, I'm glad she has security 
Baahaaa you people give women a bad name! For fux sake, Killary is the devil in disguise! #lockherUP 
You poor little white snowflake. So sad you are so easily tricked into believing nonsense. Grow up.
We are Senator Feinstein! Can you please Impeach him as soon as possible. He is not a legitimate #POTUS
Why don't you find Russia/US daily massacre Syrian children disgusting? Media blackout refuses even run footage of airstrikes. @TheLeadCNN
Thank you SO MUCH for your very appropriate comments about the occupant of the White House!  He does need to grow up!
Thank you, Senator. Not enough ppl have spoken out on this. The failure to speak out is how birtherism went mainstream & infected the GOP.
the truth is that obamas certificate is a fake! it's seriously a cgi document
Truth is you're a racist bot.
LMFAO YOUR A HYSTERICAL LOON!
Please continue to be vocally critical of him. We cannot allow this type of behavior to be marginalized or even normalized.  Please keep on!
Shut Up sit down, just vanish you obstructionist - Hillary Clinton IS A CRIMINAL and All of America knows it except for you idiots in DC.
Get over it hilary deserves to be put down
Oh so her saying he's a creep pushing fantasy Russian influence. Why don't your do your job  and investigate all of Pantsuit princess
EXACTLY! HE IS A FREAKEN FAKE PREZ!  HE IS DISRESPECTFUL TO ALL WOMEN!! HE DISRESPECTS THE COUNTRY AS WELL AS THE OFFICE HE HOLDS! IMPEACH!
Weren't you saying not too long ago that he could still change? Will you please now understand that he won't and work for his removal?
Aug 29 "I just hope he has the ability to learn & to change. & if he does, he can be a good president. & that's my hope"

Hope's not a plan
That ain't going to HAPPEN
Thank you for speaking out against the golf ball gif.  It is indeed appalling.  How much more of this do we have to take? #DumpTrump
I loved the golf ball gif.
Do you beat your wife/girlfriend, partner?  You are indeed primitive.
It's appalling & Disgusting that an incompetent Congress has Yet to Oust a Known Treasonous President or address the Emoluments Clause
Try to vote him out next time loser
Foul language democrat
Well, Trump has a thing for assaulting women.  That will never change as Narcissists are incurable.
More women in power under president then an other president.  You have been brainwashed by CNN fake news
Clinton employed the most women — 51 of 98 aides listed in 2000. Obama hired the 2nd  most with 42 women among 95.
Trump should resign. Such behavior is disgusting.
Cry me an ocean Sea Girl
censure him. If that's all you got, do it. Do it weekly, daily, hourly. Put it ALL on the congressional record for posterity
You should be censored
hahahahahahaha! really? did I hurt your feelings?
He needs to be investigated
He is very childish. Thank you for speaking out against his child-like tweets.
You are a cry baby
Beyond disgusting to display harm to a former presidents wife & not one past president stands up against this nonsense who's wife's next?
Now you're shifting the blame to other presidents? Don't get that. How about just leaving at he is vile and appalling. Him.
Yes I'm blaming former presidents for not speaking up wtf is wrong with this world trumps got everyone silent & scared he's no king
Inciting violence against women is disgraceful. The #president inciting violence on women borders on criminal.
I agree but Seth Meyers and; Trevor Noah from Comedy central I think = the playing field and didn't let Trump get away with that crap !
Sen. Feinstein we have heard from the Democrats about Trump. When are the GOP finally going to stand up to Trump the bully? Are they ever???
it was just a joke! he didnt crate that gif. get a grip democrats bully conservatives every. damn. day! and you dont give a crap!
Amen!
Trump is unstable & grossly unpresidential. I don't understand why he is still in office, putting our country in danger every day.
So Donald Trump bashing , having his head cut off, ppl calling for his assassination no bigdeal but a retweet of a gif gets u excited. #MAGA
Nothing evangelicals like more than sending images of hurting a woman on the Lord's day.
That is NOT true Christian leadership behaviors. They Smite God's own words and teachings!
Forshame on that Religious Advisor.
Turn in your
Cont'd/ Turn in your Frock
Leave the Church
You are a Charlotan
Trump's instinctual thought process to be abusive to any woman that challenges him is more than disturbing.
Yea he can stand women smarter than him.
I agree. Yet he keeps this up day after day and no one can do anything about anything he does
Just like Obama.

That's how we feel about Hillary Clinton saying she doesn't accept the results of the election
Oh please. That was not an election, it was a Russian coup. Trump said the same thing before the election, knowing Putin had it rigged.
no trump was elected by the people. the election is partly rigged by democrats though. and thats it.
Really? If the election was rigged by the Dems, then why isn't Hillary President? She won pop vote and Trump only won by 70k in EC.
itthe election is rigged by the dems they isnt hillpresident? oh i'll tell you THEY DIDNT CHEAT ENOUGH! LOLHAHA pop vote means nothing!
Name anything about @realDonaldTrump that isn't appalling and disgusting?
I love this Feisty Feinstein!
You would
Appalling and disgusting is putting it mildly. Trump just can't let go of his hatred towards Hillary. He needs a psychological evaulation.
all dems that engage in hate of trump and republicans need evaluated. they are not normal people like anna navarro and ashley judd and hill
Why don't the MSM condemn that gif?  Some just think it's funny or cute. This is why Trump gets away with the things he does, media OKs it
no the trump gif is a non story. people like you blow it all out of proportion and get your panties in a bunch while repubs get attacked!
@SenFeinstein thank you for finally speaking out, but your words weren't strong enough! @realDonaldTrump needs to be CENSURED & APOLOGIZE
Since when does any Senator actually DO anything?   You trippin' boo.
Listen Frankenstein , were sick of u career politicians making a pay cheque off the people...no one cares about what u think
@ajdiamond2 pipe down trump is a loser
Yea that's why he single handly beat the republicans and democrats. #MAGA

Wait... you're a political insider and yet ...you support Hillary?  OMG!  Thanks!!  2020 is going to be a Republican landslide!!
Amen to that, Senator. But, sadly, at age 71, I don't think this President is capable of growing up that much.
Actually it was quite funny, unlike your lefty news media friends attacking him with fake news stories.
dt is 'appalling and disgusting'
This entire scenario is appalling.
dt sitting in our WH is disgusting.
Vindictive AND Bitter. Bad combo!
That is because the asshole in the Oval office is Disgusting and Appalling. He needs and should be IMPEACHED.
Just so sad that this is what it has come to. The President acting like a 12 year old bully.
I loved it almost as much as you all loved Kathy Griffins Isis glorifying severed Trump head!
@TerriMRay1 Senator Feinstein stay away from Trump
He's appalling and disgusting!

You are a horrible woman Diane Feinstein! You should be designed from any service in government or California
but you dont mind if that b---h does and says things against our POTUS. all he does is MAGA why does that bother you. show him respect-sad
'Grow up & do your job'. Two things Drumpfy is incapable of.
boy! do #TheDeplorables Love love love how much it triggers thr @TheDemocrats and LIBERALS!! #MAGA
Crooked @HillaryClinton will go down in American  History as the most corrupt politician of our times -- which #DyingDemocrats did not see.
You do realize that Trump, GOP, WH and alt right really don't care how we feel!
after skimming her book it seems that Clinton is equally obsessed with Trump and power:)
You Senator are disgusting and appalling!
Trump is classless.  He is a buffoon and proves it on a regular and consistent basis.  He has no respect for women.  Women need to stand up.
Hillary and Diane for women. You go get them girls.
Oh you sound sooo dignified. Try this when you meet the Queen. Air, hair, leer.
Agreed! He is like a child. Time for him to go now!
What is APPALLING & DISGUSTING is U berating judicial nom Amy Barrett over her Catholic beliefs! Have U even read the constitution? #1A
Bahaha Americans loved the laugh. She's corrupted Dianne! That's the real reason she lost. Not to mention everyone set to testify died!

It’s so disgraceful and what is happening
Have you guys looked in the mirror recently?  This stuff is mild in comparison. Just get something accomplished in D.C. Then kibitz
#FreeCalifornia for our futures and our children's futures
#EnoughIsEnough 

CalFreeCo.og
And the real IRONY is that Hillary GAVE US TRUMP!!
Seriously? Feinstein standing up for the most corrupt woman in politics, Hillary "Rocket Woman" Clinton says volumes. Birds of a feather…
YES!
Totally agree!
you got that backwards - use your god given brain - Hillary has an obsession with her own ego, meanwhile we all support the POTUS
It is past time to #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW  unless u know something and they will b removed soon. They are destroying our country.
He can't quit Hillary. She has the qualities & qualifications he wants And lacks. Play dough wanting to be steel
But you have nothing to say about her attacks about the President of the United States? You are a hypocrite!
She "Hillary" should be behind bars for hiding a server! She should never be considered anything but criminal!
http://traffic.outbrain.com/network/redir?p=m_WWNP9b0bR39U_nhuhJOnor2JenFPEEvUClTqFcSRTDLfgR-kffta_TWMzjc60N0_syLnnLuJGiOH4VY1j9IuuU_nz2Bj0z9kOyr6PZ7kUMBexIro4x_9B8iDvGMkvBH9ZOKpKSnkDqbwl_tSfo7AkvHp0Z8_Y6zFNywC1qZ4mORVspgBxNgZrTMs_yaMktLyN8QL3VFaoNQoV0VZEWWwad6Zlv1-870jnSzSg88XSOV-DGmuzmKiaEp-reL_kIie3o4BKryWml5AOZDOzBM6FOS0rAXWo1Hd6iXcBa8DYmdvmgJe3riVXyJZdnQXpg-Jghob1uts1mV9ApuPbGGxVj22PGGaX56jny5OCm0lYayTS2fUzhclEgAzi3DRj0zCjzW6xhoZtXO-OQ1fTPono3SAL7v4B-xtaMDf_t6wYoARGNINLvy8hArPah3mh9qdZWLMZsc2RKHOVp_sZlZL3B6QmoV8ZqqMyrK_BI7lg3MZSKoLSaGw2oOp7XRHbiChm2Al7F6KVoysUUQMDAIEn8VnNDwrBNvN_ye6LxTd4OQ73fBFS8x3vP0Wqvco_f0IQwKW-SCMpQ7Ma0iGVknGXWYprvnffheZhPQEmCRZ8MqFjojQ8qMxfsvsW_LoiwRc5gmm-aGn7v1gQ3USeEyxAsKg6BTYiWkJnuun2oo3jbeScIkXh4azM7bjeFRQPaLjtxs3aJvy3FU-AcAHS2CICTEjPFTtSuZPZq_b0Tla0&c=8eac7a20&v=3 …
C'mon Diane, u know u watched it several times & chuckled b4 u sent out this tweet
It is as lowly and disgusting as it gets! Shame on every American that voted for this!
Ya, youre right. Someone should have held her bloody, decapitated head, because somehow THAT is funny when a golf ball in the back is HORRID

Or this one.

A perfect summary of Hillary Clinton's campaign, in one image. 

Maybe you'll find this one a bit funnier. 
But his base pleasured themselves to it. That's all he cared about.
I think Clinton is appalling and disgusting and btw she is no longer Secretary of State.
@realDonaldTrump will always be appalling & disgusting and those are his good qualities.
It was Hillarious!!   I didn't see you say anything when @kathygriffin held up a decapitated bloody head depicting Trump!
This isn't *just* unpresidential -- it's behavior indicative of a severe mental disorder...  He holds the nuclear codes, Senator!  Stop him!
And it is....
Just like the sender is appalling and disgusting.
DT is appalling and disgusting...what  a coincidence...
We must destroy our political enemies.
It was, indeed. I can't imagine Prsident Obama ever doing such a thing!
It's been 242 days without a leader. This man will get us into a war and hide in the basement. Incompetent.
TY, @SenFeinstein! Wish Nebraska had strong female senator that stood for decency. Seems @SenatorFischer always puts #PartyBeforeCountry.
Let's get on it for @JaneRaybould !
I agree with you. This is so un-presidential. What happened America?
Trump hates every woman for what reason I don't know and particular hate is because he knows in America's heart he lost to her & not wanted
You are telling a 71 year old man to grow up!  trump is who his is and will never change!  He is a senile old manchild!  That is wo he is!
The attack on the GOP Reps by a HRC fan was condemned by Dems, but where are the GOP that condemn trump's tweet depicting attack on HRC?
More importantly you have stood silent about benghazi.  Hiding behind Obama and Clinton to cover for lies and death. You are shameful
What's appaling is the fact you suppose hillary even though she put our country at risk with emails.  Or how about her bold face lies
Your support of illegal immigration is appalling. His gif was a joke, your lack of legislation is also.
STALKING IS ILLEGAL. LOCK HIM UP.
most americans find ur childish immature attacks on president trump apalling and disgusting
Sorry that senators don't have a sense of humor. It was funny and meant no ill will to HC. Quit wearing your feelings on your sleeves.
Yet a blatant and crucial postponement in committee occurs...
lighten up!  It was a joke.  Afterall, HRC has been taking intense and nasty verbal swipes at POTUS. He is just fightng back, but with humor
Amen
Sounds just like an old grandma defending a wayward who needs to retire to her Pacific Heights mansion in SF and get off the stage! Please.
@realDonaldTrump reflects the way us peons feel about the crimes HRC and many others in the Obama admin go away with. End 2 track justice!
hes real useless POS
Get a sense of humor....Trump has one. The tweet was hilarious.
Bwhahaha! I'm sorry—WHO IS OBSESSIVE HERE?? That would be HILLARY. And this was President Trump's response. HER clown comments met w/ humor.
That video has been around for months you people are so isolated you don't know what's going on outside of DC. Get out
If Hillabeans would just go away and accept defeat we wouldn't be talking about her at all.
And the surprise here is ...?
He should, at a minimum, be censured.
...and yet I bet you yucked it up watching the Emmy's. What a monumental hypocrite you are.
Disgusting as cheating CNN debate or Hiring Rioters for Trump rallies then condemning Trump supporters as Hate mongers? LMAO Libtards
Sorta like the #Emmys that was nothing but a bunch of assbags attacking OUR POTUS.  Looking, but can't find your tweet about that.
Like yours, the rest of the democrats and the media's baseless attacks on Russia and many other issues with trump. Please go away.
Sad. The Buffoon in Chief @realDonaldTrump continues to show the world he has the maturity of an 8-year old. And that's being generous.
I felt the same way when you applied a religious test to nominated judge.
Wasn't as bad as the hell she has put hundreds through. Bloodcdrips from her hands
#GET45GONE
He is trash and a child.  Why in the name of heaven above is he still in office.  He lost the election no one but hate grps want him there
He lacks any sense of common descency!
That was the funniest video ! We're do u get off with this paper,Hillary should be struck down at all cost,30+ yrs of criminality is over !
Yet he is allowed to continue getting away with crap like that!
That's what the orange man does . No surprise. 
He is a disgrace to this country .
It would be great if we had a system of checks and balances, some way to do something about an insane, disgusting and appalling mistake.
What level is he going to sink to next?
Don't you have more pressing things to worry about rather a comic retweet?

Take your head and pull it out of yours,
What's wrong with being a nationalist? I pay into the American system, why wouldn't I be pro american, anti muslim, invasion of europe?
Totally agree
An attack!!! OH MY!!
@marvien_ Thank You for responding to it publicly.
So ur Stated Negative Religious Attack on a Judicial Nominee is OK? U compare a Trump Parody of Clinton as Terrible but ur Discrimination OK
Term limits!!
She will have the last laugh.  She is not being investigated for treason
He puts other people down for the same reason he does this. He knows he's a horrible person and tries to make others look worse than him.
It's harrassment and stocking. She should take out a restraining order on him.
Absolutely disgraceful. Beyond.   Thank you, Senator!!
Haha
This is Trump's way of showing how angry he is that Hillary Clinton received almost 3 million more POPULAR VOTES. He can't handle losing.
Being a charter member of The Resistance, is   UnAmerican and unflattering for a former candidate.
A funny meme is not an attack! Get over yourself... or are you just feeding your base that's to stupid to know the difference?
Thank you for stating this. Where is @GOP outrage?
Well stated- thank you
Thank you, Senator, for forcefully calling out @realDonaldTrump for his conduct unbecoming to the presidency. #UnfitForOffice #unpresidented
I agree. However, as he's failing so dismally as president, he has to relive his last moment of glory, even if he diid lose by record margin
I think you're appalling & disgusting - you just voted in favor of a $700 BILLION military budget but do not support #Medicare4All #DISGUST
Yes it is appalling AND SO IS YOUR VOTING TO GIVE $700,000,000,000 FOR MORE RACIST WARMONGERING!!!!!!!
Unfortunately the 2/3 of Americans who agree with you will never persuade even one of the 1/3 who think Trump is ordained by God to rule SAD
I think your failure to support #MedicareForAll is appalling and disgusting.  You stand up for a multi-millionaire.  What about my family?
I agreed with you
