Then HURRY UP! You ALL KNOW trump committed TREASON! Why wait any longer? #trumpRussia
Why don't you say USA participation in the climate accord had not been approved by Congress? This was only an executive decision.
Nothing has been thrown away and stop with the hysteria just to get publicity. Just who do you think you are to make moral judgments
the Paris accord doesn't require any real change from China or India for years - we need joint actions not handouts
Thank you, Senator Feinstein for standing up and fighting for our rights!
What progress? Sending my tax dollars to Europe to fund pet projects is stopping now.
Ur tax dollars: funding a larger than we need military & to build that "beautiful" wall Trump PROMISED Mexico wld pay for. U've been LIED to
It's not like they are going to cut a check for it. There are many other ways. And yeah I like to the military get a big raise and
Generational welfare ended. Just talking about the wall and allowing border patrol to do their jobs has dropped the crossing by 70%
When illegal immigrants r gone U can pick veggies, clean bathrooms. All bcse u THINK ur becoming the minority-loosing ur white boy privilege
Serious question - why does he have the authority to make this decision, unilaterally?
Thank you for continuing to be such a leader!
You are outnumbered! Shut up!
It's immoral to kill a deal that's cost us $100 M a year? Gimme a break 
actually they were after $3B per year
Oh For Gods sake. Our progress isn't because of the Paris agreement. And progress won't be stopped by pulling out.
Why are you so hip on sending our tax dollars to other countries and they don't even have to start paying for several years! Really?
please stop  posturing for Democrats votes and fake news go trump administration and stop liberal Democrats bull
Trump IS dangerous and irresponsible!
Only an insensitive multi millionaire could saddle working people with massive regulations and debt to keep the French happy.
As a nation we have surpassed co2 goals while the rest of the members have not. You need to read the accord and wake up
tell the truth it was not a treat approved by congress another executive thought by Obama !!
Trump should be impeached!
Indeed!
Trump is determined to trash any legislation that was done by Obama. He has no business to be #1 in charge of our wellbeing.
a horrible direction we are going
So Congress should vote not to abandon #ParisAccord. Do something more than talk.
How about there was no progress. China nor India the two worst will not start till 2030 in meantime you waste 3 Trillion of taxpayer funds
It's immoral to tell Americans that throwing taxpayer $ at BO's illegal #ParisAccord as China&India continue polluting is good
@realDonaldTrump 
The bottom line: Furor Trump is Steve Bannon's bitch.
But Bernie Sanders and Susan Sarandon believe Senator Feinstein is no better than a republican.
fight for us
Let's stop him. Please tell how. I can tweet.
Absolutely,Sen.Dianne Feinstein of S.F.California
Diane, work on the United States first. Support what the President is trying to do for Americans.  Stop being un-american
Carbon dioxide = plant food. Climate change = tax fraud.
Ya, that money Al Gore stockpiled selling carbon credits was real progress!
SENATOR FEINSTEIN PRESIDENT IS WITH US ;HE IS NOW FOR THE GOOD PEOPLE ;OF NOT JUST AMERICA; BUT FOR THE WORLD,!
Sayonara Dianne...Nevada the new West Coast. #climatechange

Can California openly commit to the principles of the accord?
I'm shocked that you can't see that it's just fundraising. NASA says temperatures have risen .11% in the last 150 years
Yes. I agree but this is a horribly tragic distraction. We have to focus on #trumprussia.
That's it.....that is the 500th time today I have seen this talking point. Democrats are polluting the environment with talking points...
you people don't know what this deal means, very little to do with climate change, all about us paying$. The head of EPA is proud of @POTUS.
Immoral is how your husband has profited due to your influence. You need to retire, as your shelf life expired long ago. #TermLimits
#ParisAgreement is nothing but BS
Tell that to China and India, this deal pays them trillions of dollars. And they are the biggest polluters in the world. Go #POTUSTrump
But we really need to focus on trumps interaction with Russia, his obstruction of justice, and putting all his men between bars.
Shocking no immoral yes.
Again, no one is "throwing away progress". There are different ways to go about this.  Stop the hysterics.
Thank you for your steadfast leadership. 45 is insane and must be thwarted at every opportunity.
Says a partisan old politician who's upset that Hillary couldn't win.
You tend to be negative & hyperbolic in your tweets. Ma'am.
#libtards could of scheduled a teleconference if they actually cared about the environment. #MAGA
Three perfect Trump descriptors: shocking, immoral, and dangerous. If only someone had warned us...
Why don't you write a big check to pay for it. Easy spending other people's money isn't it.#termlimits #maga
Baloney Dianne. It's a scam but we are no longer a victim of it because @POTUS puts America first! Stop obstructing & start MAGA!
Oh Christine.
What can congress do?
And that's only the tip of the iceberg.  Start impeachment process now please
@realDonaldTrump stop talking about Donny and do something already. He should not be allowed to make any decisions for the United States
Do you even know what the Paris treaty is about? We are the leader in climate change.The head of EPA is proud of president. It's a money pit
You've Lost Your Edge the contributing Americans will no longer be manipulated by your greedy rich Gang
