
Atleast it is paved. Can't drive a road in CA because of all the potholes. Only answer is to raise taxes again to repair
No I am pretty sure Trump wants to privatize them...0-2 keep trying
#TrumpRoads pay-as-you-go
Can't imagine how that goes bad haha
governments do nothing well.  many countries privatize and do better
No who do you call when you being robbed or house is on fire? How is your military? Must be shitty huh
many soldiers/vets mistreated. fire dept under funded and many are volunteer. police being militarized and getting away with murder. #yawn
Instead of slashing Medicaid, we should slash California and have the Budget balanced in six months.
I guess this dictator DiannePleasemayGod give you wisdom,heart,we have4 U tosave my young ladieswhere Icouldparentbetter $3jobsherewasno
Senator you are welcome 4 dinner some time my dream is to heal up remission will keep fighting noorganizationsforeithermy spouse fromGermany
Oh did you support single payer? Oh no you dont foh
They just don't care...hateful, the lot of them....I don't know how they live with themselves. #Votethemout!
11.0y.2018 baby. #flipCongress
Sen IhaveSevereCIPDlike
Unfortunately the "anyone's " you are referring to are incapable of human decency, compassion, empathy & all that goes with!
I DO NOT SUPPORT WEALTHCARE!! LIARtrump and the GOP ACA repeal is bad every American except the wealthy
What a bunch of leeches!  Fix your ECONOMY so people can SUSTAIN THEMSELVES!
I bet those people don't have a 4 bedroom house at 180k
Rent for a room 40 miles from SF is $800 a month.
Damn. That's a whole house in Georgia.
A 1 bedroom apartment in San Francisco averages $3448 a month. https://www.rentjungle.com/average-rent-in-san-francisco-rent-trends …
It's insane. I can't believe so many can afford that!
They say less Gov't, yet they spend millions on military, voted 5 times the last few years to increase congressional salaries #Medicaid
Billions of Fed dollars is given to Child Protective Services; incentives to put children in foster care & they get adoption bonuses too!!
Are you kidding me? These are children's lives. Not items balance sheet. Go spend time with CPS then tell me you feel the same way.
The corruption within CPS is real. They kidnapped my only Grandchild & forcing her to stay in foster care when she shouldn't be there at all
A single case with a biased perspective doesn't equal widespread corruption. They aren't perfect but CPS saves children's lives every day.
#unfollowtrump
Now Sen Dianne but intern hours plus 2 great jobs not career. Imustworkwith Dr.RichardSchumannIpraygetsNobelPeacePrize!God Blessedmewithhim
Atypical ALS IN SOME WAYS WORSE I just want tolovemyfamily aslong aspossible 1 grandsonhaven'teven held yet I moved back 2CABecauseofDr.
SINGLE-PAYER NOW
All of California's children would be covered by #SinglePayer healthcare, but you're against it. Tell them why, Dianne! #getmoneyout
It's explained by @mike_pence's words. It's a core GOP "value" to view poverty and disability as a moral failure.
That’s the Republican way. That’s the American way. And, that’s the way we’re going to reform health care in the 21st Century.
I don't see the leap that you made.
@chrislhayes puts it nicely.
Children will get to be held personally responsible for their pediatric cancer. https://twitter.com/mike_pence/status/878669323929341952 …
Mrs Feinstein, please talk across the aisle. If only they started with "How can we cover everyone?" not "How to make insurers richer?" SPay
talk across the aisle? you mean talk to the left? OHHH wait sorry that is the ideological divide for her
I have no idea what you said @Quandery
Sen. Feinstein doesn't understand she's in a battle w the Monster Squad, a malevolent group who will do anything4 they're wealthy masters.
Gee, I dunno dianne, either they're the richest, greediest Americans... or they're idiots who believe in trickledown.
Any state that has half it's children on medicaid needs to fix it's shit, and fast. What happened to the "booming Obama recovery"?
Schwarzenegger & Dumbya happened, CA still digging out from that major disaster.
You are confusing Davis with Schwarzenegger
You're confusing facts with Alternative Facts.
Extractus
Now is the moment: Reach out to @POTUS & work with @realDonaldTrump & @SenDeanHeller to expand #MedicareForAll #BeBrave #McConnellCareKills
California just voted against this. Who is going to pay?
The F35 program could pay for it. Better yet, offer it with tax cuts to employers who pay most of the premium.
Thank you senator Feinstein for being such a leader and standing up and fighting against this NASTY #trumpcare bill.
It's all about $ & this is what happens-cuts r made at expense of those most affected by them. Corp America been doing this 4 a long time!
SHUT DOWN THE SENATE. Chain yourselves to doors. Make any deal w any GOP. Withhold consent, filibuster by amendment. Failure is not OK.
People who only support wealthy corporate interests
They only care about fetuses, not babies or children. Once they're out, they're on their own. #wealthcare
Really? Bless your heart.
Half?  Half??? How the hell did that happen?  Wow.  Well, ur the gov, guess u w have to come up w way for Cali to pay for it.
Just like you do by REFUSING to get behind single payer. If we are the greatest nation then it is high damn time we act like it.
And, let's not forget, those tax cuts for the rich are retroactive.... am I right? Heartless!
The GOP supports cutting services for the poor, the sick, the disabled, and the elderly because they are greedy, money-hungry dirtbags.
Really?  And your personal contribution is?
Be responsible parents and be legal citizen -
By being complete dicks, Diane. Jesus, you KNOW these people. You need to find the ones who will respond to shame and SHAME THEM!
They can and will. The Democratics need to get it together. Get an agenda and message and start looking for a candidate now!
Grateful @SenFeinstein works diligently for all Californians (esp. w/ #Lupus) #HealthcareBill
so what u r saying is that half of California's parents r riding on the backs of MC taxpayers because they are irresponsible sub par humans
Ask your colleagues.
The Koch Bros told the GOP to go big and that is what they r doing.
Senator it's not in yr nature to be obstructionist but we need time to get word out on #AHCA. Plz #WITHHOLDCONSENT & #FilibusterByAmendment
We need a document that unequivocally shows how the healthcare bill will strip people of their healthcare! Only way to combat lies!
@mike_pence, the Declaration of Independence & Constitution embody a combination of free enterprise & humanity, they are meant to coexist
Declaration of Independence provides it can be implemented again as needed.  #WeThePeople  can hit the reset button if needed. #GeeksResist
Middle class americans
Their parent's wealthy employers should provide medical insurance and pay better wages rather than the taxpayers subsidizing cheap labor.
Can we Californians just please succeed? I don't want to be any part of this corrupt Country/Banna Rep anymore
Those that work succeed... you I believe boldly from your keyboard wanted the state to secede.
(R) #CorporateWhores in Congress don't care; this is a pay off to their owners.

Kudos to the few (R)s who still have morals.
@votevets
It's criminal
GOP can.
@DarrellIssa is one and we in SoCal are actively working to defeat him and his Trump agenda!
You should have stopped the veto for single payer in your home state. Start there first, phoney.
it will be determined by the states,according to recipients needs. The pace will slow in upcoming years, as the U S economy's jobs increase.
Which half? American citizens or "undocumented"?
If the GOP can make a buck they'll unplug their own mothers.
And yet Oregon now legally authorizes exactly that... #gofigure
Thank you!
is the half Dianne legal American children or illegal children?????
False narrative, no cut just reduced growth rate.
 if California didn't tax it's citizens into the poor house they could afford health care.
Isn't Medicaid similar to single payer Dianne? 
Imagine if you actually supported free universal healthcare! That would solve the problem.
..
And unicorn rides, too.
Single Payer Now.
Or get Feds out of health care system.
The fact that the families of half of California's kids require public assistance proves the abject failure of your politics.
Democratic supermajority working really well in CA
All @GOP acts mimick what I would assume Putin would welcome. Is that a coincidence? Spoiler alert- there ARE NO coincidences. Weakens us.
Get your children off Medicaid and then you won't have to worry about the slashing of Medicaid. #ThinkSmartWorkSmarter
Why are HALF of California's children covered by Medicaid? Why? That is not a fact you should be proud of!!!
Probably because the Democrats in control ruined the economy for CA. Half is way too much, time to elect Republicans in CA.
They can support it because they are #GOOPBrains
Called your office, spoke to staff. Great you want to discuss w/ GOP senators, but if that doesn't work please take any/all action necessary
Maybe by moving monies that support illegal aliens and enforcing Immigration policies CA could provide services/jobs to its citizens
Over taxing the rich to pay for the poor is just redistribution of wealth, an Obama Socialist Idea. You Senators are covered by best plan.
This bill is a death sentence.
When crafting O care President thought no future President would be vile enough to take away health  benefits from the elderly and children.
And he wouldn't be around when the funding went to hell...
Republicans, especially the poorer of them, cling to this fallacy of these tax cuts for billionaires somehow finding its way to them.
You could compensate for this vicious GOP bill by bringing yr influence to bear on behalf of #sb562 - guarantees HC for all Californians, 1
& at better quality & coverage than Medicaid; + passage of CA SP would tremendously impact movement towards UHC for entire nation 2
Do your job and stop this
You just need to be a #FASCISTGOP and want #WEALTHCARE for the tax cuts. Then you can roll in your money and watch them die.
U r a hypocrite. Enough with ur faux outrage. U don't support single payer, u keep lining ur pockets. Tired of u and the rest of
Status quo.
I deal with elderly most of them are hurting already badly
California has huge problems caused by Democrats. Deal with it lady.
Why are 50 percent of children covered? I thought this covered lowest 15 percent
The question is, Y so many families N CA unable 2 provide 4 their families?  Could it be jobs are an issue, folks taking advantage of system
You should ask the Anthony Rendon how he can block single-payer for all of Californians!
Stop the bull Diane. It's middle income folks who are paying not the "richest Americans" like you.
And what is wrong with that picture?
.@SenFeinstein
Politicians who take unlimited amounts of money from the the richest Americans or special interests it is called Citizens United
Thanks Sen Feinstein! Wishing all Senators were as smart & compassionate as you. 1 CA Disabled Senior, not making it on Social Security!
Because they don't care? Or don't realise what's going on?
Rich people - the ones who make and pass the laws.Just like here.
Thats horrible Dianne. What are you doing to get people off Medicaid?
Why are half your states children covered by Medicaid? Should that not be the question? Like my dad said get your ass back to work!
Why are you and your fellow Dems not supporting #MedicareForAll ?
Sen. Feinstein u r awesome
Republicans can support the horrible #AHCA. Some want it to be even more http://horrible.GOP  only care about who fills their pockets w $
So you would like to see the California single payer initiative passed? Excellent.
California needs to solve its own problems! If half of California's children are on Medicaid then ask why is that the case?
It is staggering to think about. Republicans are the vilest creatures on the planet
It's easy when you have no soul.
It is the ultimate cruelty--the bad guy in Robin Hood.
Mitch McConnell and GOP
Greedy old white men.  We can do better.  This is a humanity decision.  Not a tax cut.  We MUST STOP CORPORATE $$ IN POLITICS
We need to support a single payer solution here, in California.
Cuz we're paying for all of Calis illegals!
Are you really against single-payer?
Talk, talk, talk falls short. So. Now. Go and get em...radical, why not?
Only someone truly evil.
California has a huge social welfare problem with half of children covered. You need to raise taxes again.
When did you vote single payer?
First they are mean people. Second they get wealthy being mean people. Third the yjust don't care.
AHCA = America's Heartless Corporate Act
Only the cruelest could support it.
richest like google, oracle, tesla, facebook, ... tax california's rich by 50%.
Why?  Jealous?
HALF of CA kids on #Medicaid?  A Senator with that base should be 24/7 #FightFor15, heath industry #CostCaps, & #SinglePayer/#MedicareForAll
at least half the kids in your state deserve good healthcare then, right? fuck the rest though, can't listen to constituents after all
And yet Dems blocked single payer in the state. Hard to believe this is the Democratic Party.  Not a penny to you, not a vote for you again.
... if only California could print its own money....
Half of all children in California are on Medicaid? Is your state is that bad of a condition? Evidently the Obama/Brown years are failures.
They are going to do it. What's CA next step?
The question is how do we stop it?
You're the reason that not all children are covered.
We need to stop supporting insurance companies. They get between the doctor and patient relationship and add cost with no benefit to others.
Protecting kids from video games and marijuana? YES.
Protecting them with healthcare? No way.
Talk about skewed priorities
Isn't Medicaid a State program? Nobody says CA can't expand all you want.... Oh,  you're after our FEDERAL funds?? 
Easy - the richest Americans gave them way more money than half of California's children ever could...
How can anyone in party of #FDR oppose #MedicareForAll in order to prop up obscene health insurance CEO salaries? #DemExit Right back at ya!
All those Hollywood millionaires and half of California's children are covered by Medicaid? California needs to fix the problem.
http://www.a-covfefe.space     Medical plans for around $100   No an Obamacare replacement but I'm getting it for my disabled son.  Will help
Wow, so half of your people are lazy
How can that be that 50% are on Medicaid. Neither of my children relied on it.
Diane I was crushed also.  But I found this.  http://www.a-covfefe.space    they have some insurance plans that poor and disabled could afford
This is not the truth as you make it sound.....it is a future budget cut of proposed inflation.
Question: If half the children are already on assistance, why not start moving to single payer in the state? #SinglePayerNow

@drkyle4congress @kathieallenmd @Cano4CongressNC @GKButterfield @RepAdams @RepDavidEPrice @Eva4Senate
Humanity is lacking in the GOP.
Thank you for fighting for us!
Maybe you should also be asking how a Dem, of all ppl, could take Single Payer off the table in CA. That would cover EVERYONE.
Who will pay for that?
70% of Medicaid recipients in Alabama are children but I have yet to hear @SenShelby or @SenatorStrange express concern #alpolitics
Keep fighting for us all

This is happening because you nominate that corrupt thing & continue to ignore the real issues
@wjcoop So why is half or CA children covered by Medicaid? Is that the only why you can buy votes!!!!
Without inviting Drs, Clinics,Hospitals, Nursing homes, Guardians, Mental Health reps how could they know how many depend on it?Transparency
Doesn't it worry you that 1/2 of california's children are medicaid? Sounds like we need to address that issue first. To many on medicaid
We should figure out why all these people are covered by Medicaid and go at from that perspective instead of giving them everything
Exact reason we need Single Payer in California. I truly can't wait till you are out of office.
How is she preventing the state government from passing what you want?
GOP doesn't believe people deserve healthcare if they can instead give the rich more $. Of course, a lot of their supporters will die, but..
How can HALF of California's children be on a program for the poor? It because you want to keep them on the #DemocratPovertyPlantation
WOW....CA is welfare center of universe...seems like another issue.

Republicans can. It's what they do.
Good question for @KenCalvert
Pls retire
But, but, the filthy rich earned their money thru inheritance or shady biz like Donald Trump.
Republicans can, do and will. They also salute the Russian flag and Putin. Sad state of affairs for this country.
That alone should scare the hell out of all CA residents! Basically the state supports half the children, irresponsible parents!
Or they're working 2-3 PT jobs that won't go FT to avoid providing healthcare. Let's stop with the decisive rhetoric. It gets us nowhere.
mindsets that "others" are lazy or irresponsible instead of hard working Americans struggling to make ends meet is disgustingly unsurprising
Only the evil @GOP can support. That's who.
How!?
How can this happen!?!
Mandate that large employers cover part-time employees. Pro rate it. I'm tired of paying for Walmart's greedy abuse of their employees.
Ask your husband.
How many children on Medicaid have parents who work for < than living wage @ part time jobs? Walmart, fast food cos. #LivingWage #insurance
The R's are cold, callous killers - of the old, disabled and children.  Interested only in $$$$$$ and doing the bidding of their masters.
If half of California's kids are really on Medicaid, there's a bigger problem, like jobs, jobs, jobs.  Why don't you fix that @senfeinstein
How dare they take coverage from people who need it most just so the rich can get richer
Whatever health care plan they come up with they asses should have to have the same plan and get out of our damn pockets bastards
We don't have enough poverty of our own,
so our politicians import a few million more
from #OurNeighborsToTheSouth.
#Dim0cratz #NotFunny
Can "protect the middle class" be the '20 message?
What does that say about California?
What does that say about the parents of half the children in California that are on Medicaid?
Medicaid is going to eventually fail. O care ppl shouldn't have been pushed under it, that's not what it was designed for
It's beyond my comprehension.
Now tell the truth. This slows the rate of growth.
Single payer for all!
That's a California problem and you can't understand why. Your part of the problem
Honey, that's why. This is clearly a vendetta against any social programs or humanity.
