The White House counsel told me there would be an orderly transition, as has been done previously. Clearly this is not the case.
The American people need HOPE . We do not sleep at night.  Our very lives and children's lives are at stake now.
Clinton fired 93 you partisan hack..!
@melissae777 yep @SenFeinstein we r aware your comment was delib attempt 2 mislead pub. We will vote accordingly #scumbagpolitician
clever not addressing the fact she's blatantly misleading. Enjoy your denial
Again you are deflecting. You must be so proud!
actually you deflected and I called you out in it. You're delusional
No, you lied, obfuscated and deflected. Nice trifecta. I pointed out how off base you are... or did it not make sense, too complicated?
this is a nice fiction but you're actually guilty of all 3 of those. You're projecting. And wrong.
- ALL you have to say - u r "concerned"? Well, I'm a citizen and expect more than "concern" from u -  Action!
thanks for the man'splain. However, I objected to skim milk "concern" comment.  Get it? should I explain it 2 u?
EVERYTHING THEY DO EVERY DAY IS CAUSE FOR CONCERN! Lunatics elected by Russian collusion & corruption are in our White House.
The only collusion with Russia was between Clinton and podesta
TICK TOCK Charles 
and he will rat out all the rest to save his worthless hide.
Yes, frightening, Senator.
LOL like you really care. We've not had #LawAndOrder in 8 yrs, now you're concerned? Why? LOL
were you around when a couple of our other presidents did the same thing???
He is shutting down the government, one department at a time.
how can people be this stupid...Clinton fired 93 of them, Bush, Regan too...
she thinks this shit still works. America is WOKE!
Sorry you are so grumpy but God loves us all.
yes, yes he does. Even the stupid ones.
I am so glad you admit it.
yes, feeling very blessed to be one of the wise ones in this crazy mixed up world.hope all wake up
We should all be "Concerned"! After all, it's hard to carry out a Fascist Takeover with too many dissenters in your midst!
No concern here. Time to get rid of true corruption! It is all going to come out! Leading right back to obummer
@mfbishop_m29 should have charged Sessions with perjury.ive worked you folks he is vindictive and corrupt but  crickets
correction ..warned  not worked lol , now we have no and I mean NO impartial judges to prosecute any of them
Oh no. This is so bad. Really, really bad. Holy crap.
it's not good that's for sure and possibly illegal considering fox news ties to Trump
Illegal seems to have no meaning where this administration is concerned.
Kinda like Obama administration, eh?
Nope, you are incorrect.
lmao the good Rev.reported me lmao he's a Troll block it
Hannity told Donald Trump to fire them all last night on his show. Trump takes his orders from Fox. This is insane.
I thought DJT took orders from Putin?
Well, duh, Putin owns Fox. Whatever fits the narrative. Why communicate secretly, when they can do it right in front of everyone?! LOL
you must have amnesia, Bill Clinton and Janet Reno did the same thing.
it's common practice. Stop your fear mongering, ugh!
the corrupt party that let obama get away with giving Iran billions n uranium n one step closer to get annihilated
u were not concerned when obama did it and to bad u scam senators can't be fired ASAP
you better step it up girl
were you "very concerned" when Obama and Clinton did the same thing?
Obama fired 90
Good I am democrat from penna.
ur faux concern does not fool anyone.
people that believe your nonsense are sadly without the ability to think for themselves.
GREAT MOVE, SOCIALIST GONE, YOUR NEXT
We're u as concerned when every past President did the same? Hypocrisy!
LOL. Another #Lying #Dem #Hypocrite
Devoid of ideas
Devoid of ethics
Devoid of shame
.@GOP Landslide in '18 & '20
Thanks
Have a drink. It will be better tomorrow. Diane, I respect you. Don't become a partisan clown.
Why?  It happens w/every presidential administration change.
BS..Trump wants original Constitutionalists in the DOJ, not political activists who twist our laws to fit their leftist vision
BS..#FakeNews  You know that every Administration replaces political appointees.
STOP the drama senator we all know every president has fired previous presidents appointed ppl
In Reviewing the RICO act, it seems abundantly clear we have organized crime in WH and some of GOP congress. WHEN will they be prosecuted?
Hello what about the time Clinton fired 93?  You forget????
it didn't worry you when Bill Clinton fired 93 though
I'm very, very, very concerned Dianne that U are part of the demo party Godless, PP baby murderers who sell baby body parts!
Explain to me how CA wants to succeed AND demand federal funds! How does that work? 
Succeed do ur part to save America.
Bill Clinton fired 96 at once. Did you forget that?
I've been concerned about the anti-American left trying to destroy our country for years. Glad the trash is being taken out!
This is nothing more than sensationalism on your part. Making a mountain out of a molehill.
Compromised much?
As if EVERY administration doesn't do the same 
were U concerned when Clinton & Obama fired AG's? U R a hypocrite!
You missed the Hint , 
Remove and replace 11/7/2016
Sen. Leland Yee was our first wake up call
https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/new-york-federal-prosecutor-preet-bharara-has-not-submitted-resignation/2017/03/11/39163292-067a-11e7-ad5b-d22680e18d10_story.html?utm_term=.52f1b4221935 …
AHHH.. fuhgeddaboudit!
when they are all corrupt they don't need to work for the American people, so what bones do you have in your closet??
we you concerned when Clinton did it? You know there is this new thing called the internet where we can lookup your bullshit
45 resigned. one was fired.
.@SenFeinstein The number 2s will run the show for now. Secondly, perhaps don't grandstand during confirmations.
I’m very concerned about the effect of the firing of all 46 U.S. attorneys on federal law enforcement. http://bit.ly/2mbYWsX 
.@USAGSessions @SenFeinstein Dianne, were you this concerned when Reno fired all 93 of them?
So are you going to stall the confirmations of the replacements? Or doesn't that have an effect too?
Hummm, where the moral equivalency you showed for enemies of law enforcement when 5 police officers were shot dead in Dallas, @SenFeinstein?
Seriously? U playing political to swarm the uninformed is laughable. ANY new @POTUS does this. Stop lying to America
There's so much to be concerned about these days. What's the status of taking #Bannon off NSC? Heard McMaster might do this.
@celainesears14 Funny how you look the same when you're very concerned and when you're unconcerned...
You should be, since they can no longer provide cover for you democrats.
i'm upset with trump and where are the democrats?  WHERE ARE THE GOP MEMBERS  THIS GUY IS CRAZY!!!!
very much appreciate you & the work you do on our behalf!
why would you intentionally mislead people?  Thanks for encouraging anger and division.
"I am shocked, SHOCKED I say, to learn that GAMBLING is going on here!"
Maybe that's the point?
it's called drain the swamp.  guess you don't like that
Concerned she is!enforcement of law there may not be Mmm!law there was not for8 years!Mmmm!
When Obama did same thing to all but one did you raise concern then?
as a career politician u shld know this is customary. As it is customary 4 u to react to everything like chicken little
shut up and let the adults fix this country! Your help is not needed

Why? In detail, tell us about the effect. You don't know b/c you are a demented hack that should have been fired 20 yrs ago
.@SenFeinstein 'Concern'
Every Pres since Reagan has done it: you complained every time, right?

Right?
No different than any other new administration.  Knock off the BS Senator.
Well look who's playing politics, you know better than that, they serve at the pleasure of the Attorney General & @POTUS
Since Obamas not in office we will have enforcement of the laws and not criminal democratic liars!!!
since when do democrats care about law enforcement?
Paging @SenFeinstein your straight jacket is ready. Please report to the front of the line. 
#TermLimits
#Hack
WHY? Isn't this is the norm with the change in admin or is it only during DEM. admin that this is the norm. Your disgraceful.
@billclinton did the same, so only a Dem is allowed to do and okay?  When are all u Cali Congress folks my tax dollars pay 4 stop this?
These politicians crack me up,esp Dems, they talk BS & say their constituents want them 2 when in fact it's their SP INTEREST.
something Obama did when he took office, I guess you conveniently forgot about current history
Hey Dianne did you forget to check history? EVERY SINGLE PRESIDENT BEFORE TRUMP did this! It's as common as #fake news. #TRUTH
Why would they keep Obama Atty's on after all the leaks. A new Administration has the right to have their own people
R u suffering from dementia? U r fully aware all new presidents let go of previous attorneys. Every president!!! Stop faking!!
Drain the swamp!
every president before has done the same thing why weren't you worried when obama did it time for you to resign
Were you and @TheDemocrats "concerned" when Slick Willie fired 93 all at once? Remember what Holder and Waters stated?
Awesome....he should...
Do your freeking job....stop resisting...you are hurting us americans not Trump...he can't do his job...grow the hell up..or get out
It's all part of the US Government take-down. Impeach Trump before you can't any longer!!
what should be concerning is your lack of oversight on #intelligence #overreach 
So what?  The horrors continue every Friday.  Trump must be stopped, NOW
Thank you, Senator!
THEN WHY DON'T YOU GET RID OF JEFF SESSION! WHY IS THAT LIAR STILL IN THAT SEAT?
Thank you for your concern, Senator. Trump backers don't get that there is nobody in transition, under odd circumstances
Stop being concerned on a common practice. Your faux outrage belittles your office
Don't act like this is a new and novel idea. It's routine AND YOU KNOW IT.
were you concerned when obama did it?
Were you concerned when Obama and Clinton did the same? It's time for you to resign. Purge all democrats from office.
LOL Dianne
Your pearl-clutching skills are epic. #FakeNews https://twitter.com/hale_razor/status/840358632122343425 …
it's not like they were in the courtroom everyday. Why should the president not be able to have his own people?
Why? Bill Clinton fired all 93 when he went into office, don't start fake news and false information.
Your concern, scared to death how DemonRats are being exposed & running for cover.  Lies, corruption & failure are your credo.
Better watch out!! You might be next! Especially with the nonsensical crap going on in California! U might have nothing left!
Were you concerned when Clinton did it? You need to resign.
Yes we are all concerned! But What are you going to DO about it?
/Yhis is what you and the Dem Party don't get. We the American People are your Employers. Stop the divide or be voted out. 
/Why is the Party acting like Spiteful Sore Losers? The American People are tied of this divide. have you met with Trump? No?
Were you"concerned abt the effect of the firings"when Slick Willy fired all 93? You're nothing but a dishonest political hack!
Maybe you should let the AG continue to do his job, MAGA.  Something U Libtards have a problem understanding or accepting.
Well actually they fired themselves by not working with the @POTUS.
You cannot be serious!  Where was your concern when Clinton did it??  How do you keep getting rejected?  Go home!!!!
Isnt this how every admin does it?  Didn't Obummer do the same thing? This is the definition of Hypocrisy.
So only trump's administration is blocked from normal choices made by other administrations? Bullshit.
WH prefers dealing in #alternativefacts.Trump hired foreign agent.Likes&panders to Putin-Trump's loyalty is to himself not USA
I'm sure you voiced the same concerns when Clinton fired 93 in '93. http://www.freerepublic.com/focus/f-news/1817411/posts …
You weren't concerned when Reno fired 93. Why so apprehensive now? #KARMA babe!
Um, the DOJ said that until there are confirmations, many career prosecutors will continue the work. 
So why are you lying?
compared to the 93 and 94 done by the last two Dem Presidents. Stop lying @SenFeinstein you are a PARTISAN HACK. #shameonyou
Were u concerned when Bill got rid of over 90 of Bush appointed lawyers. No, I didn't think so.PT needs his own ppl.
During your next supervised visit with your kids, make sure NOT to share this with them. Disrespectful.
oh come on! You know every new administration does this!
Clinton did, you lost touch of the American people #hypocrite
Janet Reno did it dummie!
Janet Reno fired all 93 US Attorneys. Its AG's choice. Stop with the lies and manufactured drama.
as you were when every other President did before @POTUS ...only quicker. #FakeOutrage
only the blind sheep believe UR BS. US Attorneys always leave when party power switches & YOU know that. U have 0 credibility
CLOWN FACE DIANNE IS A LIAR ALERT: Fully supported Clinton when he fired ALL us Attorneys and laughed about it!
-Senator, if BS was concrete you would be the Hoover Dam.
Were was your concern when Bill Clinton in 1993 FIRED ALL 93 ASSISTANT ATTYS GENERAL AT THE SAME TIME?? HYPOCRITE!!
Let the people you represent know a fact that it's normal for leftover U.S Attorneys to resign during transition of power
HEY PHONY, REMEMBER WHEN?? SUCH A HYPOCRITE http://www.freerepublic.com/focus/f-news/1817411/posts …
Did you make public your concern when Bill Clinton fired all 93 federal judges?
Every administration removes the previous administration.  We aren't falling for your faux outrage.
#Hypocrite
2009 - Obama to REPLACE U.S. Attorneys 
http://politi.co/1Q9NCuk 
Stop your propaganda BS. This happens everytime power changes. Obama did it also.
Since when did you start worrying about Following Federal law. It never concerned you before. This is standard procedure
what about when Janet Reno fired all 90+ within days of Clinton being inaugurated?  Concerned then?
Were you concerned when Obama fired all 93 at same time?How Bout When Bill did the same? Did not think so
note to self:  request Border wall to extend from Mexico to Canada, sealing off California, Oregon and Washington.
To quote a Democrat "Elections have consequences" @SenFeinstein @RT_America
The American people love it. #DrainTheSwamp
I'm very concerned for your #mental state.@SenFeinstein: #dementia has caused you to forget EACH admin does this.
#ResignFeinstein
#WakeUpCA
Which part concerns you most?
This senile old goat forgot Bill Clinton fired 93.
Where was your concern when every other admin did it? Typical lying hypocrite.
You didn't care when Pres. Clinton fired 93. The American people are a lot concerned about your stunning hypocrisy.
Why? New admin. Usually do this. U should know that. U should resign. Clearly ur not smart enough 2 hold ur position
It's concerning that ppl like @SenFeinstein @SenSchumer etc lie to you & others Those lies cause panic STOP LYING TO AMER PPL! @CalAlumni81
Were U very concerned when @BarackObama fired 200 of #USA's finest Generals or when Bill Clinton fired 93 Attorneys?
Hipocrat!
@HaikuVikingGal how many dedicated civil servants will leave for the private sector so they aren't tarnished by trump
COME ON DIANNE THIS IS ROUTINE AND YOU KNOW IT ITS TIME TO GET SOME HONEST ATTORNEYS ON BOARD
ummm Obama did it when he took office from Bush. Please just shut up
@TheTimJennings I'm very concerned with your pro-Trump voting record.
don't worry, all police are now deputized to eliminate alien criminals. Domestic criminals? Meh.
Senator, with all due respect, when are you, or someone equal position, going 2say trump has A WHITE SUPREMIST FASCIST REGIME?
dt is tearing apart the U.S. Government and White House! WHEN ARE YOU GOING TO SAY WE HAVE BEEN TAKEN OVER BY FASCIST REGIME??
U say u are "concerned about the effect..." YES WE ARE ALL VERY CONCERNED. Dt took over &wiping out our government SAY SO!!!!
@BJWahlstrom should be. So am I
Trump is desperate to cover up his involvement with Russia. HE must be stopped
It is normal for this to happen, Clinton did it as did Obama.  Enjoy a Starbucks.  It is great to start with a clean slate.
Me too. Russia owes Trump, Trump owned GOP, now firing judges.  That's our three branches, all infiltrated by Russia. Now what
we are very concerned that Dems held up cabinet appt longer than anyone. If there isnt smooth transition- you take the blame
many of us are concerned that this is turning into a fascist state  being led by bannon/putin what are dems waiting for war?
dunce
FIRING THE 46 U.S. ATTORNEYS  enables "stacking the deck" to undermine investigations of Trump Admin.
As concerned as you were back in '93 when Bubba fired TWICE that many?
were you that concerned when President Obama fired all of them when he took office?
