If you can get @RepMikeBishop to vote any way but lockstep w/Trump, good luck. I've tried-he doesn't even respond to my messages anymore.
Same with Rep Paul Cook. A whimper who votes party every single time. Mindless = useless.
FELLOW REPRES LIFE IS TOO PRECIOUS ,TO BE GUNNED DOWN BY INDIVIDUALS !WHO HAVE NO RESPECT FOR LIFE ;GOD AND OUR NATION !WE MUST SET EXAMPLE
Then prepare to defend life from those who have no respect for life:  Buy a gun and pay a professional to teach you how to use it.
There is a problem with the bill.  Once again you limit it to one type of weapon.  So something similar on semi-auto handguns is OK?
The only problem with the bill is that it lacks the constitutional authority needed to enforce it.  Oh.  Two problems:  It's also stupid.

I always thought they were at least fifty points higher IQ than the idiot gun-banners, but caving in to them makes me wonder.
So does the NRA
So Diane, why did you and the Obumer administration allow bump stocks in the first place! It happened on your watch! It’s your fault!
Any member of congress who will not make these illegal, needs to have it demonstrated ON them WITH LIVE AMMO.
That sounds a lot like a threat, Doc.  And threats like that is why we intend to continue exercising our right to keep and bear arms.
My congressman votes party. So if the Republicans dont get on board this legislation to ban is nil. Everyone who supports must contact reps.
You need to retire
This is an emotional Democratic Stunt. No laws past, present or future will ever protect us from evil -it will give U talking points though.
It's only a start, we want more Senator Feinstein
It's a non-starter, and there is no more Senator Feinstein, thank God!
. What else is in the bill that you dont want to mention because it will make any gun owner say no?
Happy to say, my congressman IS David Cicilline
SO much better than thoughts and prayers! Thank you @davidcicilline and all supporting this bill. Now #ImpeachTrump already!
Can you included banning violent criminals from having having/carrying guns?
Why destroy their rights?  If they are violent, why are they out running around loose preying on law-abiding people?

To the contrary, "No Lives Matter" to the gun banners who want no one capable of self-defense against their depredations.
Do not think for one second that will stop anything.   Mental health is the issue.  Society  is the issue.  Fix that Diane!!!
How can she "fix" that?  She's part of that problem.
knee jerk for future votes. the lunatic / Las Vegas, had money, could afford 5 full auto guns. just pay US ATF TAX, EASY. @ATFHQ
Yes, the unconstitutional National Firearms Act of 1934.  Can anyone find any fed authority to operate a national gun control org like ATF?
Have I got some news for you, bump stocks have been taken off of the shelves in every gun store in the nation. You can not buy one.
That will do nothing. He already broke every law in the book, what's one more law.
If the bump stocks are illegal they cannot be sold. That is something.
I think it's important that truth be provided on all details of shooting before anything is done. You're assuming too much.
Why are our Congressmen and Senators getting together to push for universal healthcare reform for all Americans
Call yr Senators/House Reps 202-225-3121 Ban these bump stocks & Gatling style add ins
The House has no such authority.  All government authority is delegated by Constitution.  That authority is not delegated.
Go to hell COMMUNIST DEMOCRAT PARTY & all "so called" Americans attempting to overthrow our Republic
Time to revoke citizenship from you all
Millions of TRUE Americans will remind U Treasonous COMMUNIST DEM'S not dare attempt to chip at our 2nd A.
#BuildTheGallows on Capital Hill
Be sure to publish their names so we can add them to the list of people who should NEVER be re-elected to any public office in America.
Let Trump sign it and it will become a win in gun control for the Republicans. Something Obama could never do.
When is she going to go to jail for perjuring her oath of office?

How about "Congress shall make no law the subject matter authority for which is not delegated by the U.S. Constitution?  Oh.  10th Amend.
All guns are sei authomatic. Take alway guns and see what happens to America
We know what will happen to America:  The Second Beolshevik Revolution will occur on the very next October, thanks to thugs like Feinstein.
Nothing less than banning assault weapons will do Senator. This bill is a NRA band aid. It's worth zero!
If passed, it will not be obeyed.  And no miscalled "assault weapons" will ever be banned.  Get used to disappointment.
@JackBergman_MI1 stand up with your peers and ban bump fire stocks, or tell us and rest of country why you won't.
Thankfully AZ won't buy into your leftist bias against us responsible gun owners
Why is this? What is our NON-MILITARY government arming up for? Us? Me? 2A lovers? Constitutionalists? THIS is why I need my guns. THIS.
I don't think the Las Vegas gunman cared how long it took  to cause a massive carnage ; his  intent was to empty all the gun magazines.
2/2 @SenFeinstein of SF,California☻
Yay, another law to treat a symptom not the actual cause. Hypocritical so-called leaders at it again.

If we support this bill, more can be done.  Hopefully this one bill will open the door for further reform as allowed by law.
Why doesn’t big insurance take on the NRA?Gun owners should have 2 buy liability insurance if they want 2own a gun just like owning a car
You should get insurance for using knives too. Safety first.
Thanks for the tip.  Done.
I wonder why Obama admin ok the device and you didn't say a word again hypocritical politics on your side lies every day
Tell what. Disarm California and we will see how that works. Start with LA. I am sure all the Hollywood celebs will go door to door.
Senator with all due respect, this is a diversion. We must understand why people are choosing to be violent- not what implement they choose
We cannot shut down every avenue to violence. We must prevent the desire to commit violence.  What’s next - ban trucks?
Nope. No consideration of any democrat position until the person pictured below is locked up along with her co-conspirators.
Senator, your goal is not for the safety of Americans, it's about disarming Americans. How many automatic weapons do your bodyguards have?

Can you pass a bill that makes it illegal to shoot and kill people from a casino?
I'm urging the ethics committee to investigate Feinstein
I contacted them and told them not to support this bill.  Thanks to you.
you are overlooking root causes that should be addressed.... please see the tweet I forwarded to you earlier today.
Ha! That's not even all the #Democrats. Good luck!
I do not support any bill that accomplishes nothing. I will support a bill that has mental health & proper due process procedures.
No
Bring another case up with better argument to SCOTUS re 2nd Amendment & definition & purpose of a "militia". Anti-gov grps= misusing it.
Read "anti-government groups" as anyone not taking the pill.  Right comrade?

That sign has never stopped a massacre yet, has it?  Why do you support massacres, John Martin Anders?  That's a magnet sign for them.

That symbol doesn't stop rights.  We keep our rights because we have the means of defending them.  Sorry you object - (not).
You are so superficial. There are probably a million bump stocks out there now. Are the bad guys going to drop them off at your house?
I bet you your freaking pay check it's not a clean bill and  before you go making laws you need to find out about the guy doing the shooting
Of course it is not a clean bill.  A bill abrogating a fundamental right is always a dirty bill.  Feinstein is perjuring her oath of office.
FELLOW REPRESEN! FOLLOW YOUR CONSCIENCE !SERVE THE AMERICAN PEOPLE WITH WHAT THEY TRULLY DESERVE !PROTECTION FROM RADICAL BEHAVIOR & UNJUST!
Please advise where the U.S. Constitution authorizes the federal government to address radical or 'unjust' behavior?
Why did the Obama admin OK bump stocks & arm Mexican drug cartels circa 2010 ?
#GunControl 
#FastAndFurious 
https://youtu.be/P_uIyx0Hk1I 
Who cares what they did? Let's worry about what we need to do now.
What would sockpuppets say for 100 Alex #LULZ
Next zombie congregation spoon feeding in 28 minutes. Please stand by.
Much better Dianne, old girl, now that you have figured out that there is more than the Senate you may figure out the 2/3 necessary.
I wish I had stock in bump fire stocks. Their all sold out and they’ve gone up in value like crazy. Follow the money, I say.

cool thats the number of congress we need to replace. got any names? make a list and we will campaign against them
