Banning will not cause them to not exist, and will you extend this ban to affect government employees?
So not banning them is better so more perps can get their twisted hands on them??!!
Remember when drugs were banned and then no one did drugs anymore? Good times
So, you're for full drug legalization? Murder is a crime, and people still do it. Theft? Rape? Why have any laws at all?!
Doing drugs and possessing firearms are not crimes against others.
Firearms intended solely for the most destruction of life in the shortest amount of time are a danger to us all. They want it for that.
They are dangerous to say the least. But even if they're all banned, then they'll go black market & there'll be just as many if not more...
Then anyone who owns one is a criminal. The LV shooter wasn't, until he was. The means for mass murder SHOULD remain in the criminal realm.
Ban them please!
Why ban them? Don’t give me the BS party line. Tell me why
So 600 people cannot be mowed down in less than 11 minutes. Again.
F- me I'm replying to a bot. *sigh*
Banning the semi-automatic weapons should be a no-brainer, too. Civilians do not need military grade weaponry.
Dan White murdered George Moscone and Harvey Milk with a .38 revolver.
This is true. Prohibit those too, absent mandatory registration and training. And ban entirely from public places.
Please consult the 2A.
Come on. You can read too. It says nothing about prohibiting reasonable regulation. Just like every other constitutional provision.
"Shall not be infringed," is what it says. Nothing there about "reasonable" regulation. And who defines reasonable?
Also says "well regulated".
So where was your brain when they were approved under obama ?
They haven't been "approved". They are considered an accessory, not monitored by ATF. That is why Congress needs to get involved.
Thank, Seen Dianne Feinstein, I stand with you
For once I do not agree with you!
All do respect Senator, but does the gun lobby pay you to be especially obtuse or are you just a total ignoramus on the subject of guns?
Go for broke! Ban all assault weapons period! Everyday people do not need military weapons.
Ban semi-automatic weapons too- no reason to own one.
there is never a no-brainer for the @GOP
Then 'your guy', former President Obama apparently had 'No Brain' since his admin allowed bump stocks to be used.
You do realize that the bump stocks were given the ok by the Obama administration?
Absolutely, these were a way to get around the bill. Bill needs to be written better.
Please extend your commitment to banning automatic weapons to banning U.S. involvement in foreign wars; killing's #killing us. #NationalDebt
Why do some states allow the sale of automatic weapons - like Clark County, NV- if they're banned? Thank you for your efforts.
You can still buy/sell automatic weapons if they were made before the ban. But they are really expensive. So a bit harder to get a hold of.
Getting rid of Republicans like Feinstein is a no brainer. 
Stop the massacres. GET RID OF FEINSTEIN - install a Democrat.
You retiring... that's a no-brainer.
How about allowing the CDC to study gun violence to get ACTUAL gun based facts. 
Instead of the NRA propaganda.
"Trump is literally Hitler!"

"Trump and his goons should have us all outgunned, it's a no-brainer."

Pick one.
Automatic weapons are protected by #2A. The M-4 carbine should be standard issue to the #Militia of the several states $ by Congress.
So what are they currently issued? Hint: if you're a never- served loudmouth, your opinion is worth what you risked for the common good.
Desert Shield/Desert Storm; Enduring Freedom/Noble Eagle. Not that it should matter. Just makes my oath to the Constitution more important to me. How about you?
Obama made them legal
that the business... 
You had the majority and did nothing. Stop talking and do it.
Considering the fake president and his fake ass puppet VP ignore any social justice issues, any bill called a “no brainer” should fly thru!
Please help stop this madness!
Too bad they didn't have bump stocks during the Scalise Baseball game!
Really, so automatic weapons were LEGAL until 1986? Holy cow. Who brilliantly thought that was a good idea!?!?
agree but it’s not enough. We need comp. gun reform. Exam current laws, repeal irrelevant ones, make new ones reflecting today’s society.
Feinstein&nobrainer. Goes well together
I believe the president can do something about it, he's getting involved in everything else that doesn't matter for the country
The problem is not the bump stock the problem is what its attached to ,,like wanting pillows on front of  a car so it kills less
GOP sees increased wealth. The hell with the American people
a show me where
Maybe for people with brains (and hearts)
How about just banning the semiautomatic war fighting weapons instead. We have TOO MANY GUNS. Our "well regulated militia" is the Natl Guard
Banning specific devices will just cause them to invent something slightly different to be legal. You all have tried that before. Do better.
Public policy that seems "no-brainer" is likely ill-considered, esp. in absence of thoughtful discourse. Pls no more "Hurry up! .. Oops!"
and the bump stock was approved during the o administration.
They have not. Only new automatic weapons have been banned. Old ones are still in circulation.
Yes
Semi also needs to be banned. Its asinine to not do so.

@DianMo It’ll have to be to get passed
It's not enough!!
"Shall not be infringed" is a no brainer. As a no brainer, I would think you would get that by now.
The irony of your use of the term “no-brainer” is amazing. Those who plan to break the law will not be stopped by new laws.
Can legislation just specify a firing rate limit, like max 1 round per sec? Or 30/min etc? Instead of specific devices that can be bypassed?
If unwanted deaths are what you want to stop,  why aren't you banning heart disease?
Sorry sweetheart your pea sized brain can't fathom that millions of people own these and nothing bad ever happens.
You can ban lots of things, but when is Dems going to tell its people not to target Republicans?
Congress had no grant of power to ban any firearms.  It took a constitutional amendment to even ban alcoholic drinks.
Deeply grateful for your efforts, @SenFeinstein. to keep America safe!
Omg that says it!!!
In fact maybe we should place more value in human life and invest in people rather than regulations. We should value human life from concept
It is but will @GOP use their brains ?
Actual they are not illegal in all states, it just takes going through extra paper work and they are expensive. Get your facts straight.
Thank you Senator Feinstein
That makes two of you . . .
As I understand bump stocks were around
When the anointed one was the president, sooooo why didn't you dope's do something  about it
Not true.
Wrong
Yes, but if we need guns to keep us safe in cities & suburbs, then we have a much bigger problem.  THINK BIGGER!
White men love there guns How the West was one lol
So is repealing A2 even if difficult; not impossible .
#weaponofmassdestruction
What about the ban on assault weapons we let lapse in 2004?
Well the rethuglicans have a lot of ... no-brainers .
https://youtu.be/D6oaRAgdslE  bump fire btw u can use UR belt loop as well so are we going to ban belt loops
It is for those old white men who have been in government forever and in the pocket of the NRA forever they have no brains
This doesn’t go far enough. Minority rule again here. 3% have half the guns so control is a must. 2A has metastasized into carnage.
This attempt to restrict weapons is futile. Manufacturers are Capitalists. Capitalism runs on profits. there's the need for citizens defense
How did they get past legislators in the first place? Why are you all there if it's not to protect the people of the United States?
Their responsibility is to protect our civil liberties not our personal bodies.
That is true—now, Please, work on reforming the second amendment to bring it into 2017 standards.
Reach higher Senator Feinstein! Don't let them dictate how low the bar is set.
Banning accessory no brainer. Actually funding agency responsible for ban requires significantly more thought process. #fundtheATF
Yet you continue to blame NRA. Congress is to blame half assed work
Then why didn't Obama ban them
this action is not enough.
When that DNC staffer was murdered in DC for about spilling the beans on Hillary you weren't calling for gun control then
You guys don't even know what a suppressor is AKA silencer. Oh just ask Hollywood
Right up your alley, then. Perhaps you should work with NRA, gun mfgs and GOP for enforcement instead of political grandstanding. #NoBrainer
If it's a nobrainer why are you just now deciding to talk about it
Get it done!
So do something.
Interesting that you said no laws would have stopped Vegas, but somehow banning an ATF-approved accessory is a "no brainer."
Technically they've been banned since 1934. But you have no interest in perpetuating truths.
Absolutely right.

What assoles
Leaving the question as to whether even a no-brainer can pass under an administration that may itself be a no-brainer.
They been 10× that in Chicago  but a dang one of said nothing about that you bunch of hypocrites just when a white person does it
You’re retirement would be a no-brainer!
Well since obama passed it it should fall on you guys instead of the law abiding  citizens
Follow the Constitution you swore to uphold. That's a no brainer. Unfortunately you're evil. You have no morals.
Like a belt loop? Retire already.
Your well equipped for no brainers ma'am
So why did the last administration approve of it?
Do more. Go farther.
So once you’re done with this no brainer let’s move on to banning high capacity magazines #RejectTheNRA
How about you condemn the entitled modern democrats (antifa) for their violence against free speech. Oh wait, doesn't fit the agenda.
Shouldn't banning all assault weapons of war be a no Rainer as well?
No brainer for dems, but @GOP have no brains.  Sad, hugely sad.  Not one rep has any sense of decency. What is next????
As the American people (militia) we must ensure we have the same firepower as tyranny (government)

@resisterhood The problem is that there are very few in congress with brains that aren't poisoned by #NRAdicalism
Actually not true. Members of congress are intelligent regardless of party. Keep in mind, we have the bill of rights that is standing.
Could not agree more! Why did Obama admin allow this to happen in the first place?
Jst get rid of guns. Dmand armories B set up N 1 town as test & that's whr EVERYONE in tht town wld store theR guns. No guns allowd N homes.
Yes. This USAF vet agrees...and I own a firearm. Enforce FSA 1934 & GCA 1968. Act NOW, Congress.
Automatic weapons manufactured before 1986 are still legal; there are about .5M legally owned, or about 1 per every 1000 Americans.
You mean YOU have no brain? The individual is the problem not the object.
Weren't bump stocks Obama's baby?
Thank the Obama Administration for

bump stocks
Get out of gun control!
GOP loves guns, can't infringe on individuals' rights. Accept when it concerns abortion, contraception, Healthcare, marijuana, air & water.
First 9 months of 2017:
-11,572 gun deaths
-23,365 gun injuries
-271 mass shootings
-1,508 unintentional shootings
-2,971 kids/teens shots
You will be 84 in 2018, asking to serve until 90. Please consider retiring with grace and honor.
Respectfully, close the "loophole" in "no-brainer"; there's tons of no-brained people. Ensure that a ban on accessories becomes law.
BTW, we had almost a 10 yr ban on semi-auto rifles under Pres Clinton. What did that do? Well more people bought AR-15s when ban was lifted!
Correct. Should never have been lifted. Which President or legislators lifted it?
You need to read the Second Amendment
Things that take NO BRAINS is right in your wheelhouse Dianne
Apparently the no brainers in the R party, feel otherwise. Sigh 
Anyone creating&selling parts 2 make a legal gun ILLEGAL gets a mandatory 5 yr prison term w/o plea deal will solve the prob.
Bump stock over horsing a semi auto assembly assures seizure. I agree no brain. Like pouring nitro down a Ford Pinto. But no can ban stupid!
Someone also should be able to buy 33 fucking guns in one year with zero red flags. We need more legislation
Background checks & just say no to terrorists on the watch list & mentally ill: 

Why do NRA, PACs & GOP base hold the U.S. hostage? Money!
Keep fighting, Dianne. We're with you. Thanks.
It is unless you are owned by NRA and those that want a civil war.
Banning Democrats from owning firearms should be a no-brainer too. Since they’re the ones shooting everyone.
What about semi autos?
But when you're dealing with a bunch of people with no brains...
Why would she so obviously show her ignorance, class 3 full autos not banned, manufacture of new were banned. Private ownership still legal!
Not a 'no brainer'. These restrictions and bans are only for the law abiding. Watch your freedoms erode, sheeple!
If it is such a no brainer why did the Obama administration allow bump stocks in the first place?
Wouldn't that ban include these devices?
thank you
More laws will not help.
so lets inforce that law
She wants all the guns, so when she comes with her security force to take everything else, no on will stop them.
https://youtu.be/Sd3I7Q-NOCM 
#NoBrainFeinstein!?FLASHBACK 1995:'If I could have gotten 51 votes-Mr. & Mrs. America turn them all in I would have.'#TyrannyTells #PaTHeDiK
All illegal. The only thing Congress has to do w/arms is arming militia, #Art1Sec8Cl16, & #2A doesn't give license.
Automatic weapons have been banned since 1986. Banning accessories that allow weapons to reach an automatic rate of fire is a no-brainer.
So you agreeing @BarackObama lacks a brain since he's responsible for the approval of automatic accessories?
i think so too. but to NRA it's a minor concession.. it's not part of their gun- making industry.... so it's no big deal to them apparently
You resigning for destroying CA is also a no brainer. #draintheswamp
Do u live in CA? If not plez keep ur trap shut.
Stop the BS! Dems were in total control when Pres Obama was elected. You could have done anything you wanted to bring this up in a bill! Huh
I'm sure criminal minds are going to abide by those laws.  Dems, why are you that stupid....wake up!
The gop lack that heart and courage to do it. A walk down the yellow brick road to see the wizard is in order.
So is banning sanctuary cities a no brainier
Ok,one more time..ALL YOUR LAWS WILL NOT PREVENT ANYTHING UNTIL YOU FIND ROOT CAUSE...DATA PROVES WHITE MEN CREATE GUN ATROCITIES IN AMERICA
Never mind, he said he got the plans for his 3D printer to make one.
Just for starters.
California has seceded from the United States as a treasonous state. Your bump stock bungle reflects your “no-brain” leadership-irrelevant.
Obama allowed "accessories " that allow weapons to reach an automatic  rate of fire in 2010.
And Allowing Easier Access For The Mentally ILL??
I know . Obama has alot of blood on his hands!
A no-brainer requires too much brain for today’s Republican Party.
It doesn't reach that rate, is the issue. This information can be googled, Senator.
First 9 months of 2017:
-11,572 gun deaths
-23,365 gun injuries
-271 mass shootings
-1,508 unintentional shootings
-2,971 kids/teens shots
So will this ban will stop drug cartels from snuggling them across the border. Just asking because a friend still wants one.
Never mind, he said he got the plans for his 3D printer to make one.
DUE TO THE DEMOCRATS OPEN BORDERS POLICIES & BLACK MARKETS NO LEGISLATION WILL KEEP GUNS OUT OF THE HANDS OF THOSE WHO CHOOSE TO DO HARM.
I hope that is all you want? It won’t stop any nutty people anyway.
So, what are your plans to deal with people that break the rule, then? Because those are the problem.
Ban semi automatiques!  That's a no brainer...oh and retire.
Your a no brainer 
#Dotardette. So cute
This coming from someone who still thinks it's 2016 and Obama is the president #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
I am not in the health care profession. Cant help you. 
#sofuckedup
#Dotardette
That ban must include for police use as well. The 2nd. Amendment was written to allow the people to have the same weapons as our government.
[citation needed]
So is banning semi-auto weapons, and expanding background checks.
FEINSTEIN : A GLOBALIST: WILL NOT SUPPORT AN AMERICA 1ST AGENDA : FAKE SENATOR
You retiring us a no brainer. We need to reform CA laws and make it a free State once again.
A no brainer unless you are #GOP
Actually it was the last administration that approved of it
Tell that to @MarkWarnerVA who was 1 of 10 Dems. that voted against it in 2013. 40 to 60
You are working with some brainless men.  Sad to say.
And those who don't understand this are also no-brainers, as they have no brains.
Semi's fire 180 rounds per minute.
You have always been a gun grabber. 
#RecallSenFeinstein
#ColdDeadHands
#MonoAbbe
#2ndAmendment
You have no right. No More Gun Laws
#2ndAmendment 
#ColdDeadHands
#MonoAbbe
#RecallSenFeinstein
It's also not getting to the semi root of the gun problem and the proliferation or weapons in America today
QIIET TRAITOR!
Nor is Congressional oversight on the use of nuclear weapons or going to war without Congress acting first.
We actually have a ban on automatic weapons?  What kind of ban is this when people are constantly buying and selling them?
As long as NRA owns the Congress you're wasting your breath
I'm not a member of NRA but must ask why are they blamed every time a liberal DEMONcrat committs mass murder? Just wondering!
Why did you tell Obama that since he is the one who GREENLIGHTED THEM
And therein lies the rub, you need to have a brain for a “no-brainer” to be obvious 
Why did the obama admin authorize them in the first place?
we cannot be upset with the manufacture and responsiblity we have taken to understand gun laws.
this criminal took it upon himself to "alter" the course in our gun law history. for that we must rethink the way we view our gun rights
SENATOR ANY LEGISLATION THAT PROTECT AND SAVES COUNTLESS LIVES; IN OUR NATION ;IS WORTH PERSUING !EVERY LIFE IS SACRED!
Semi automatic?
Mental health checks?
Maximums on number of household guns?
Do you think a tweet suffuces after decades in Congress? #ACTNOW
*suffices
Can you you describe 'semi-auto'? Also, maximum on guns per household? Sounds like communism.
A semi-automatic weapon is a civilian version of a military machine gun, one that is less capable of rapid fire.
No brainer? Is that how you describe President Obama management of ATF? I Agree with you. Should be investigated for incompetent!
I agree but Senator, Trump is a no brainor!
We are ruled by a coup that leads an army of no-brainers.
Agree. People like Feinstein and Weinstein are Terrible people!!
You Capitalize Words like the Trump Coup does.
If Congress can't get that done we truly are hopeless as a country.
