My bill would expand financial help to make insurance affordable for middle-class families.
Our bill would help lower health care premiums for Californians.
Our bill would help lower health care premiums for Californians.
Need more details
Our bill would help lower health care premiums for Californians.
Lol, the Sessions hearing that Dems wanted so bad produced NOTHING, so now they don't want to talk about it. Why are Dems such trash?
I would respond to this comment but I don't think I can in an open forum.
Besides maybe someone will want to invoke exec privilege later
Our bill would help lower health care premiums for Californians.
Has this bill been assigned a number yet? How should I refer to this bill when asking others to support?
Our bill would help lower health care premiums for Californians.
Problem with your plan is copay and drug costs which in many plans is far more then the premium.
We shouldnt need loans for insurance companies to profit from. We should pool money have a single payer system and only catistrophic insrnc
Yeh we seen out you handled Obamacare .... no thanks
YES YES YES! FIX Obamacare- DON'T KILL IT! Keep up the good fight, Senator! #LordyIHopeThereAreTapesToo!
On who's dime? The working people?
You voted for Obamacare. You think we believe in you now? Yeah, and I have oceanfront property in Louisiana I can sell you too.
No. Wrong!
So now the "middle class" needs govt assistance? Get the govt out
So more $$$ to further increase the debt!! Explain to the ppl what it's going to be like when our debt gets dumped
Healthcare is a RIGHT, Senator. You are so wealthy/isolated, you think there are people who just don't deserve quality healthcare. SHAME.
Sounds good Senator. Implement it. 
Including illegal aliens
Just re-read Constitution, don't see where fed is authorized for this.  In fact per BRA10 it appears prohibited.  Not in Sacramento though.
instead of offering financial help how about controlling healthcare cost by controlling the profit these companies make!?!?!?
Your bill would help to continue the destruction of the American way of life just get out of the way
Yeah increase taxes to support! The way of California!
Senator, with all due respect, the Republicans don't care about the middle class.  Period.
End for profit Healthcare. It is wrong & dumb to pay CEO to deny care.
Oh and ps: GROG stands for Get Repubs Out of Govt!!!
Keep up the great work!!
Could you restore my family to the middle class first?
I literally  just read the names in the first graf of the press release and I'm already on board.
This certainly looks good.  It's a great start to fixing the ACA !!
Shouldn't everyone be able to afford health insurance?
the idea is to cut spending not do more and go further in debt. lets balance the budget stop tax and spend.
Where were you 8 yrs ago?
Taxing people and giving that money to others doesn't make anything more affordable. How about some free market competition instead?
"FROM YOUR HEART AND MOUTH 2 God's EARS". You and Kamala best votes in such time 18
Why wasn't the plan any good the last time?
I don't want your money (MY money minus your vig) I want you OUT of my doctor's office
This needs to be pushed harder than the hearing going on. The American people watching TV will not see this.
I want to see single payer in the USA
You're setting years late to get involved in the cost of the program Feinstein. Oh, I forgot you  "had to sign the bill before you read it"
Good to see a plan to improve ACA; way to go. If only it had a chance of passing when republicans want to gut ACA this month.
We need #MedicareForAll
Get a job with insurance and pay for it yourself like the rest of us.
We must pass it so we can learn what's in it
Just like ObO care?  I can keep my Dr?  My plan!  Lies!
About time. And @TheDemocrats need to spend some money on national ad buys re: this! #AHCA
Sorry your ill-conceived bill backed by the very lobbyist of the insurance company and Pharma is dead
Like Trump's proposed tax credits?
You have something against the poor?
Wrong answer that is just raising taxes to pay for a failed system. Hello soaring national debt
Ridiculous! You're just asking us above this line to pay more.  FIX the basic problems and bring back market competition.
Apparently cost of care doesn't matter? What's your plan to address costs? You don't have one, just keep expanding the debt
Insurance should be affordable for all.
You are a fool, spend grotesque amounts of taxpayer money, making premiums less than those on Medicare at similar incomes. Who pays for it?
Noboby knows about it.  Get your act together @SenateDems! smh
You lied about Obamacare 

Government should just get out of Healthcare, it's not in the constitution.
Did your big pharma bribers--- erm, donors write your bill? http://www.truthdig.com/eartotheground/item/feinstein_healthcare_lobbyists_one_week_dismissing_single-payer_20170502 …
More of this kind of counterpoint please
We need a single payer system Premiums based on income Negotiate drug prices Trumpcare is an abomination!
I think perhaps a better idea is investment in medical #automation in order to serve more people in less time.

@SenFeinstein
We need to look at the medical industry, why are the costs so high?

Are the $ justified? Or does #insurance inflate costs? 

@SenFeinstein
Or insurance inflate costs? OF COURSE THEY DO! We pay for the uninsured either way and the large CEO salaries and bonuses. INS need to go!
I'm not supporting Dems in "revising" the #ACA. I will only support defeating the #AHCA, and instituting #SinglePayer. #MedicareForAll
That's nothing but Welfare for Insurance Companies. Fuck them! Healthcare should be Medicare for all US citizens, cradle to grave. Period!
You are totally ignorant!
Thank you! And I enjoyed your interview with Dana Bash for her Badass Women of Washington show. Learned a lot about you! You're amazing!
SENATOR FEINSTEIN THAT'S WHY ALL SHOULD CONTRIBUTE!
Respectfully, dems have been cut out of process, yet today Trump is saying u are obstructing. Sorry dems need act more demonstrative.
SENATOR FEINSTEIN FINANCES SHOULD NOT BE THE ONLY QUESTION ASKED ;MANY OTHER QUESTIONS ;AND MANY NEEDED ANSWERS!
Thank you for your tireless efforts Senator!
Great! Keep sharing how to #SaveACA 
You want your hand in the middle class pocket
TY! .@GOP Congress secret deliberations on HealthCare is heinous. Republicans must work w Dems to fix ACA, not pass #TrumpCare Death Panels
You're so full of crap. You only care about illegals not hard working middle class citizens. So what are you going to tax us on next Dianne?
Sen. Dianne Feinstein of S.F. California
Liar, you purposely passed a bill that would driveUp costs-fail to user in Socialist Govt Single Payer so the Govt CONTROLLED HC. Despicable
No, your bill does not survive without massive federal funding...the same federal funding ur about to lose due to sanctuary city. Good-luck
SENATOR FEINSTEIN ALL SHOULD COME UP WITH VERSIONS OF PROPOSED BILL; AND THEN TAKE WHAT IS GOOD AND PRACTICAL FROM EACH AND UNITE!
Diane are you serious? too late insurance companies won't come back until Republican healthcare is passed. U R lucky with govt healthcare
Can you get insurers not GOP to go on record to the American people exactly why they are pulling out of certain areas?
Just keep going your always have my vote.

Trump's FBI pick Christopher Wray comes from King & Spalding who represent Rosneft.
Also from same firm: Trump's ethics lawyer & Dan Coats 
We need to eliminate insurance companies from the healthcare care system totally!
sure, we could ditch rent-seeking middlemen, have lower costs & better outcomes, but she'd lose their sweet lobby $$

Trump's FBI pick Christopher Wray comes from King & Spalding who represent Rosneft.
Also from same firm: Trump's ethics lawyer & Dan Coats 
