@TinkonTink @SenFeinstein @InkanPrince trump knows this. Someone should be on board for god's sake. Otherwise we're done.
I’m so afraid your right
Tink, me too. I want to believe I'm wrong and hope I am. Events are showing us otherwise
At a rapid speed I might add
Yes. I'm doing the same.
I’m exhausted and we are still not even close to being finished
don't let them do it!
It is about time. We have too many Leftist/Globalist/Socialist "career politicians" acting as judges who are against the U.S. Constitution.
SHUT UP AND HELP THE CHEF, HE HERE FOR NOW MAKE THE BEST OF IT ,YOUR HURTING US TO RUB YOUR EGO. STOP THIS CHILDSH RESISTANCE .EARN YOUR$$
Why? Why? Why are the Republicans such dicks?
I don’t get them. Y wld they do this? Do they not see what’s in front of their eyes? The mental instability, the bad motives, vengeful acts?
$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
True, but why is it okay for them?  The rest of us......History.....#DumpTrumps
What in God’s name have they done ?
Time to call the 25th amendment. He has not acted on Russia Sanctions or defending our elections from communists. He is neglecting his duty.
Don't  forget Putin has kompromat so Donnie John is running scared!  Hence- all the diversions! Putin has @realDonaldTrump by the balls!
What a liar! Senate still has the ultimate say. You just want blue states to #resist Trump at every turn.
Good it's about time we got judges who believe in the constitution
Somehow we have to stop this horrible over reach.
Awesome! There's ABSOLUTELY NOTHING mainstream about the liberal judges on the SCOTUS. Sotomyor should have recused herself from ocare case.
Let's hope so you old bag.
And only Trumps do not go to prison.  Lock them all up!
This would be disastrous for separation of church and state
Who would've thought the devil incarnate, Trump, would hand everything over to religious zealots. Can't bring myself to call them Christians
I can see why he'd want lots of judges beholding to him in case he has to be in front of any of them. They would have to recuse themselves.
There's no end to this abomination. He must be stopped. The lawless Rs are enabling the erosion of our republic. So much for oaths.
With Gorsuch, you democrats proved you were interested only in obstruction, not vetting the best nominee. You deserve this.
Talk to Harry Reed about it!
Hmm.  Wonder where he got that idea from?  Where is Harry Reid these days anyway???  Sucks when your tactics backfire on you, doesn’t it?
sickening
Remember Associate Justice, Hugo Black was a Democratic appointed Judge to the SCOTUS who was an active member of the KKK.
Just like in every dictatorship, place your own judges, stifle the press, arrest protesters,.. GOP is walking into 1984 with open arms
All true. Don't forget it wasn't just the Russians who put him in office. It was Americans too. Couldn't they hear the lies & the hatred?
Thank God the R’s will remove the tool and finally help Trump.  Congress is a complete mess, all hat, no cattle.  Try working with President
Yeah good
Senator Mitch McConnell is a weasel I hope the PRESIDENT can see straight through him I’m sure and confident he does !!
He'll pick that guy from Fox
The only tools needing removal are the two Kochsuckers in that picture.
Changing campaign funding laws would help.
Yes!
Please stop this maniac! Oh and McConnell too!
That is the lawful prerogative of POTUS
It has been well planned and executed. Slow and methodical. A study in "how to take over a country".
This fucking evil is taking hold!
They already gerrymandered the sates so the map looks 75% RED even though that does NOT reflect the political party breakdown by individual
No, it's not democracy. That's the plan. Removal of the democratic process so as 2 align with GOP agenda, now moving US towards oligarchy.
Maybe if the dem would be fair like rep were with Obama.
Time for the 25 th amendment to be call upon. Our Democracy is at risk.
@SenFeinstein   Get with the other sane members of Congress and stop this!!!
The same Mitch McConnell so often described as loving the rules & traditions of the Senate? That guy? All he cares abt is GOP power forever
NO, NO, NO Positively NO!!! Do not give Donald Trump power to choose another judge.
This angers me
#GeneralStrike
This is insane. I do not understand how they can want this moron choosing and ice cream flavor little lone a judge. He must be stopped.
He has to be stopped.
The GOP=Greed Over People. Treading on traditions to satisfy their greed is not beyond the sycophantic lovers of Putin - er - Trump.
NOOOOOOO
And the GOP is happy!
WTF!!!
Absolutely sickening at the hypocrisy of the GOP.
Not surprised.
Democrats in Congress don't have the numbers to block Trump's unethical behavior, we rely on courts and free press...
Ds hv to start now gettg ppl registered n informing them ab the issues/the threats that we all face if Dems are not in control of Congress
Mitch McConnell will go down as complicit in the destruction of America-
Also, in 2020, I would like Gorsuch removed since he was ramrod’in
Because they are more concerned with gifts for the rich then they are for protecting the average American. Remember this in 2018.
what do want to change to rules to 50 votes when should be 60 votes to do anything ?
BREAKING NEWS: Trump is the only tool preventing MAGA

It's time for the American people to remove these bastards before the completly ruin our democracy. Drag them out and force them to resign
That is a good thing.
It'll bite 'em in the ass later when the dems take back congress
I guess you want all the power like Obama did.
And ............ @HouseDemocrats @SenateDemocrats need to STOP that from happening
Yes Donald Trump is a moron
#Complicit
Hey Congress think about this one for the American people who Need the Freedom from the Nightmare of Trump ..

That would be an egregious abuse of power and Malfeasance in office.
Why does the GOP want a monarchy?
That’s terrifying! There goes America down the drain!  So sad!
Anyone including wedding planners, weathermen, pro wrestling promotors, Amway salesmen, ex cons, Russian collaborators, Nazis, to name a few
Trump isn't picking the Judges. The far right are giving him judges to appoint. That is why they want every judge to be seated.
Man, both McConnell and Ryan look longingly at Trump, adoration is evident. Too bad the party is so lost they no longer support values such as common decency, veracity, integrity, and honor. Absent from this party is empathy, compassion, respect, and loyalty to the people.
$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
They are so stupid!!
This is scary - makes me wonder how GOP has gotten away with reducing nominees over the years! Why can't the hill just follow the rules?
https://fivethirtyeight.com/features/dianne-feinsteins-senate-seat-may-no-longer-be-a-sure-thing/ …
Is there a game plan in place to stop this? What can the people do to help?
#25thAmemdment #25thAmendmentMarch #25thAmendmentNow #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrumpNow
Hello
Like Obama did when he was President?
The only tool that needs removing is @realDonaldTrump
We just cannot allow this to happen! The executive branch is corrupt, all the GOP and with this potentially judges!?!
After stealing SC seat from dems- and shouting foul every time a dem speaks - these repugs are all about themselves and their initiatives
@20committee @LouiseMensch @TrueFactsStated
Why are the television news outlets discussing this @NBCNews @CBSNews @ABC @CNN @MSNBC @FoxNews This is more of dictatorship #ImpeachTrump
GOP MUST GO IN 2O18! GOP MUST GO IN 2O18! GOP MUST GO IN 2O18! GOP MUST GO IN 2O18! GOP MUST GO IN 2O18! GOP MUST GO IN 2O18! GOP MUST GO!
STOP THEM!
Like dems did with nuclear option?
The GOP willing at all costs to sacrifice integrity and democracy to turn this country as red and conservative as they can in any slimy way they can
Once again, GOP proves they are autocrats who go against everything democracy stands for. If Dem’s do not block everything after 2018 they
will never win another election. It is time to purge the country from the GOP.
What are you doing about it? If the shoe was on the other foot you’d be blocked at every turn. Just ask Real President Barack Obama!

Spoken like somebody who dared to question an appointee about their faith!
This is a way for republicans to do long term damage. Not enough mention on this subject.
McConnel is so corrupt it makes me ill
WTH?
I heard someone say that McConnell is raking in big bucks through his wife's involvement in the illegal drug trade. True?

How many obama judges were blocked by GOP ? Hundreds. this is terrifying
And watch them complain about it when it’s a democrat President in office. And deny it was them that changed the process.
During Obama admin., McConnell warned Dems not to mess with blue slips. Now wants to change the rules; only way they accomplish anything.
This is critically important. Call your senators now.
Could @SenateMajLdr possibly be a bigger hypocrite??
There are no Judges in the Government only political pawns of corruption. http://brsinv.com 
So much for checks and freakin' balances.
Nauseating.
Anybody trump picks, will have stench of trump on them
Don’t let him. Congress has a long history which works fairly. Tell the CEO he is not in charge oh hiring!!
Another way the GOP leadership undermines the will of the American People
What??????!!!!!!
They must be stopped from setting up a dictatorial government. NOW.
Remember This! Vanity of vanities is all vanity.

Poorly quoted.
They are gonna loose! See if government doesn't listen to the people as much as they detest Trump's voters they are going to loose! Tired
And if you would resign that would be great also
Let's hope this makes it in and it will help #MAGA
write a bill.............  if ranting helped u could go on twitter  @guardian
Fools - a reckoning is in the pot just waiting for someone to turn up the heat and they can't keep their hands off the knob.
They already stole one Supreme Court seat so what is going to stop them now?
Good. You traitors should be happy you’re not all being tried for treason right now.
Stupidest part is they do so at their own peril. They've already boxed themselves out from the far right
called Stacking the deckJURYmandering DJT blows so much smoke to hide this back door move on our system
If the GOP Congress does that, they might as well put a crown on Trump's head. Next, he'll work on eliminating them and Judical Branch.
Volunteer to register voters. Before Republicans render elections worthless.
Kick out Trump now! I'm outraged! Do something immediately! He is completely incompetent & killing people w/ Trumpcare & tax plan. IMPEACH!
That's because te people trust Trump more than they trust Congress.  Why not let they President pick judges?
Years of stewing in the Obama era have done nothing for the @GOP. It feels like a revenge tactic, it IS a revenge tactic.
This ties in perfectly w/ this story: Mitch McConnell Goes to the Mattresses for Trump's Judicial Nominees
Of course they do. Putzes!
Replacing these complicit GOP Trump FOOLS won’t be hard come time for their election.
Please don't let this happen!
What is wrong with these idiots!!
I don’t understand how they can continue to stand by him!!!  HE MUST BE REMOVED!!! Please do something!!!
You are a Republican.
Too bad looks don't kill cuz that is definitely a killer look there
This President must be stopped and the @GOP are COMPLICIT!
He can't be a allowed this If given the chance he'll fill out courts with extremist right wing judges They'll not treat Americans fairly!
WAKE UP PEOPLE SAVE DEMOCRACY
Will @SenateMajLdr agree?
Outrageous.  #25thAmendment or #Impeachment
Congress is out of control! Bye bye Democracy
He must be stopped!!!
He’s doing anything & everything he wants in any corrupt way that he wants just as he did in business. He will not be stopped God help us
. We have become a dictatorship.
I'm praying he gets no more power
I'm eating please but I love your views sen feinstein
He is becoming a dictator right in front of our eyes and no one is doing anything about it! 
What solutions and Bills are you writing. I get that all politicians have issues how are you applying Deming to our broken systems
None of these men will be remembered for anything good it will become a part of history no one wants to talk about
Oh SHIT!. Isn't that what the say when the plane is going down?  Hey #Democrats make the #insanity STOP!
Of course they do part of the master plan to dismantle our current government and form a fascist regime!
Please be loud and clear about this in the press! WE must stop this madman!!! Please start the Impeachment NOW!!!
He IS the POTUS, didn't bother you about Obama ? My, my.

And Democrats want to do the exact opposite, isn’t politics interesting? And now you know why the public sent Trump there, drain the swamp!
SEDAGIVE!
If Congress had been acting in good faith to hammer out solutions both sides could live with, we wouldn't be in this partisan BS.
Step towards authoritarianism
It's not the only tool you have. You can vote them down if you don't like them. You know this yet you tweet a blatant lie
So I'm guessing you are especially outraged by anyone poaching on the elitist's territory
That is to solidify pure Dictatorship. A revolt will be the only option in the future.
Why can’t u stop this nonsense Senator?  Why aren’t Dems Screaming at the top of their lungs?  GOP would burn everything if Dems did it
