This must be a joke right? California Imports poverty by the thousands every day remember it's a sanctuary State now LOL
You have not done a damm thing for Calif. since you went to D.C...you sold out right away.
Children r depending on you to sign the Portman bill & protect them fm rampant child sex-trafficing http://www.sfchronicle.com/nation/article/Bill-that-targets-child-sex-trafficking-puts-12210370.php?cmpid=twitter-premium … via @sfchronicle
https://twitter.com/slickwillie42/status/912351175680421890 …
Unless they're Catholics in which case the Senator will despise them.
The best device to reduce poverty in this country - start by reducing the illegal alien population of this nation.
Give them some of the millions you scammed off taxpayers by being a career politician and doing little to no work. Problem solved
Stop giving away the people's treasury to those who haven't earned it, and California will be in the black again, able to help TRULY needy.
Why don't you all pay it your selves. You created it.
You caused it your self
If you really cared about reducing poverty you would stand against illegal immigration.

We are already over taxed . how about put all the illegals to work building the wall.
Taxpayers tapped out
Your state is spending BILLIONS on ILLEGALS
BILLIONS on lawyers
Massive waste of Taxpayer's money
You r the problem.

Stop giving money to illegals and help american families first
why is there so much poverty in such a blue state that you have represented forever? democrats are in control, why is everything not perfect
What do you suggest, senator? I'm willing to work at any plan that makes practical sense.
You can start by deporting the 10% of you population that is illegal. Salarys will go up, teenagers can once again find part time jobs!!!!!!
Lower our taxes, stop giving tax payer money away to anyone who thinks they are entitled to it. Don't raise the gas tax and car registration
1. Remove all Democrat politicians and crony capitalism 
2. Remove all illegal immigrants 

That's all California needs to thrive.
seriously? Try kicking out the millions of illegals .... Great way to start
See the secret is out most ppl did not realize millions of illegals on rolls
Then stop taxing the hell out of your citzins,  why don't you and Pelosi take a pay cut, hmmm?
Perhaps Senator, California should stop importing poverty.
If you want to reduce poverty in CA, fire all the democrat politicians.
$443 Billion in debt! How do you plan to do this? Print more money?!? Balance the budget! See if you can do that first!
Step 1 stop catering to illegal immigrants! Step 2 cut corporate taxes to keep jobs! Step 3 Stop raising taxes to fund socialist programs!
Too many not working and taking advantage. California is welfare state just like new york
And you be wrong
You're old, very old, losing your thought control. Forgetting where your are at times. You have lost the respect of millions of Californians
SENATOR I GUESS THEY ARE TOO SMART!
But I'm sure they have cellphones and fat
List corporations
Less jobs
more taxes.
How do you think is going to end
All you have to do is start with welfare reform and include medical.
? What's been holding you back ?
Leave
Great idea madame senator. How low have you been in power? How long have you and your husband prospered in this state? #AboutTime
You already have a welfare state. Doesn't that reduce poverty? Or has Socialism failed in California?
You are already bankrupt from all your social programs. Where the hell will the money come from? Think!!!!
Run by Democrats, West Coast gov't's are crushing businesses, strangling new start-ups, and replacing US workers with foreign labor.

The Medical Device Safety Act H.R. 2164 is important legislation to Essure Victims. Please sign this ASAP!  https://www.petition2congress.com/ctas/the-medical-device-safety-act-hr-2164 …  #essure 
YO! I've been languishing on SSI for decades now and still receive the same amount! I get sicker and poorer every year. Thanks for nothing.
Your CA anti-business policies help put them there and now you're telling US we need to support them ? Bulls**t. They can help THEMSELVES.
How do you plan to fix things? Don't forget that these are the results of a Democrat run CA.
Then let's raise taxes and move more decisions to DC. It's worked so well so far.
Yup, Democrat run States
Yes ca and ny
In this state the burden of tax is on middle class and a little higher middle class. Soon they all become homeless
Live in California, this state is destroying middle class pretty soon very rich or very poor thank to Gov Brown!
Yes! Great idea!!  Vote Republican! Save CA before its too late!  Listen to this woman!  Vote Republican!
Legal or illegal?
@SenFeinstein of SF, California
I was born and raised in Oceanside California. I haven't been able to afford to live there for years. #pricedout
What would happen if we raised up our children to take care of their children and themselves rather than counting on the state to help them?
Stop supporting venture capitalism
How long have you been in office?  Just now this hits you???  TERM LIMITS
Go for it, California. Since you insist on breaking American law-no more federal $ for you. Take care of YOUR OWN illegals.
Maybe stop stealing from #WeThePeople with your heinous policies geared to widen the wealth gap
#SanctuaryState
Millionaire Feinstein cares more about her power then she does even her mascots

Feinstein is fake creating poverty in California fortifies the swamp wake up the Dems are poverty creators 4 votes
