If I pay thousands of dollars to the U.S. govt. each year, I, and other voting taxpayers, should be a top priority!
Many undocumented workers pay thousands of dollars in taxes and they don't get a penny back.  At least you can file a tax return & write off
Maybe they should go back home.
They are and the results are that many farmers are facing losing their farms... #Realty
No one wants to do the harvesting for $5 an hour, and I don't blame them.
Some farmers pay by the piece, which comes out to $5 an hr. Others go up to $15 an hour (sun up / down). American borns won't do it.
Regulatory "burdens" are there for a reason. We have enough listeria warnings on our foods, contamination of water wells & pesticide poison.
Why isn't your top priority to make life better for American CITIZENS?
Why is Trump's priority protecting neo-Nazis?  Oh forget it, what's the use...
This issue is about a California Senator who's supposed to be representing me, a voting tax payer, to her colleagues in Washington D.C.
Which she is doing. By protecting the kids of those immigrants who feed your ass.
That is the responsibility of their parents. They chose to raise a family w/o the stability of resident alien status. Don't tax me for that.
Pick your own lettuce, which you won't. Done with you.
...the businesses are thriving, the kids are LEARNING SOMETHING IN SCHOOL, and budgets are balanced. #rant
... you'll turn a blind eye to undocumented immigrants and their employers.
One thing I don't like about the U.S. govt.: You're eager to throw a citizen in prison for avoiding taxes but...
The trump administration is hell bent on undermining all the good that has occurred during Obama
Have you seen the crime rates of whites?
they should.  most get free education courtesy of us.
As U trample the laws of the land whilst shredding the Constitution.GonnaB extremely busy 8yrs @SenFeinstein #RussianCollusionBS #PEDOGATE 
Make reparations 4 descendents of slaves a top priority. GOP is correct these ingrates are just a voting block 4 dems 
@SenFeinstein #daca
I am not a dreamer but I am a voter and an American and we count too! We should be a priority as well.
Your motives are self serving. You can care less about any dreamer. All you want is constituents and loyalty. It's all politics to you.
You mean criminals. They broke the law, and so are you by protecting them. Why? Because you line up pockets with the federal funds for them
28 years - not much accomplished on water issues for CA - but you spring to life to help illegals!
It's time for term limits so the lawmakers aren't always vying for votes.
Prove it. Have some move into your home. Make sure they come from the middle East. Put your money where your mouth is. Share the wealth.
DACA is AGAINST US Law
I guess anything that helps Dems demographically is gonna be fine by Democratic politicians.
Thank you Senator!
What do you mean by counter? Unlawful actions are criminal! voters/constituents stand with @POTUS @GovPressOffice @CNN
That's the problem..how about working for the good of America..together?
Why not focus on citizens rights and jobs? Protection against violence and unfair practices?
If you can measure how popular ur comments are by # of likes" on twitter. Your not very popular compared to our Presidents comments . Humm
Trump loves this country a heck of a lot more than you and your "dreamers"!  All you people do is disrupt and keep Americans divided.

This is exactly why California will continue to lose taxpaying citizens bankrupt itself and have no one left to pay anymore
Crazy ass with finger on the button great !!!
When are legal California citizens going to be a priority for you and your ilk
Nice you care so much for illegal aliens but zero about American citizens - but guess you have to pander to them for votes right?
Take action. Before it's too late.
#Antifa will die down when Sessions starts throwing them in prison.  Same thing with leakers.  Something about prison clears the mind. DEMS
Keep up the fight.
FRANKENSTEIN MONSTER IS FULL OF FECES.
Good to know you main concern is non-citizens.
Sad you're more concerned with issues surrounding ILLEGAL immigration than the rights of American citizens. I hope your tenure is over.
Keep dreamin, granny!

#TrumpPresser @cnnbrk @CNNPolitics
Week California legislation. No daca. No illegal immigrants  no free medical no free education. Take care of legals first. Lean for green
Protecting illegals who broke the law? We are not idiots Senator.
You mean that's how you get your votes
Get a student visa and/or apply for citizenship. Thousands before them did.
Please retire Senator Feinstein.  All of your ideas are old, tired and without merit!
How about our young, U.S. 'dreamers'?
As a California voter, I approve of your support for the dreamers, and I hope you do everything you can to #defendDACA
You must unite with other Dems to forcibly talk on tv about Trumps unfitness to be president
Good! Thank you! @SenSanders @SenWarren @KamalaHarris @SenJohnMcCain @marcorubio @JohnCornyn @tedcruz @RepEBJ #DefendDACA.
Try slipping over the boarder to Mexico and get #dreamer status. I dare you.
Shouldn't protecting American citizens be priority one?
I think you need to be more worried about protecting AMERICANS from nuclear war
It's amazing how @TheDemocrats want to hide behind social justice, but yet are really using immigrants for votes & for cheap labor!
You have nothing for the contributing Americans you're all about open borders keeping people down so they'll vote for you
Impeach thectazy idiot in the Whitehouse before he does anymore damage
You need to Go...!
Are you ready to remove him from office?! Time is now. Rs are just using him as a distraction while they push their agenda through.
Dreamers? Why don't they get jobs and get off welfare?
Upholding and defending the Constitution SHOULD be your top priority. No foreigner has a right to dream on the backs of the American people.
What about your constituents that oppose daca?
They need to stop being so racist and inhumanity to this people this people are very loyal and honest to country Trump is not will never be
You just said you would go against anything Trump does.  He may be for dreamers to stay.  Why are you against that?
#DefendAmericanCitzens1stNODACA
Maybe protecting Americans should be your top priority.  Just a thought.
Did U ever think of working in Unison & helping our Counter or R U Just a Caustic Itch!!!!!!!
Your priority is very clear; import voters and buy them off in order to support an otherwise failing political party.
Then come here legally. Not a hard concept. I realize you court the illegal vote though.
Old saying dont do as i do do as i say to do
You go get him Dianne!!
GOOD! I think you need to show up in person, be seen on CNN & local CA TV stations standing with DACA/Dreamers.
Good luck Dianne, the new Nazi party has turned the #USA into a...
#gop #TrumpKKK #Putinspuppet
If it's so important why don't you change the law? You just want folks to have to kiss your you know what. Keep 'em scared works for you.
Traitor
If they are "ILLEGAL" they need to be held accountable!  Go back and do it the way all our ancestors did!
#CHICAGO: A Sanctuary City for Everyone But U.S. Citizens - Sessions Vs Rahmbo http://dlvr.it/Pcm86Y   #PJNET
Why trump pro usa made n his outside usa ok for ? Him?
You spend your efforts fighting for who can't vote you into office over we the American Citizens. resign for making such idiotic statement
thank you for this

you aint dead yet? please hurry!
Many were arrested today standing up for DACA in front of the White House.
KILL #DACA its another excuse to indoctrinate children of illegal(s) LAW BREAKERS.
No sanctuary for criminals. I support legal programs, must deport criminals.
Then you need to be replaced, putting people in our country in violation of our immigration laws ahead of our children in our universities
62 million people said no. Happy fighting!
Yes! #DefendDACA
That's great Dianne.  A fine example of Democratic Obstructions.
Why don't you run for office in Mexico then?
Yes we know D. Without illegal aliens you could not win an election... 
I can see why you make this a priority...
Sad
America First not illegals!!!
Keep showing your support for illegals in US and putting your legal voters behind. Promises never kept to inner cities will bite. @POTUS
#25thamendment if you have to keep stepping in to the right thing. Don't cha think.
Thank you!
what about protecting the "LEGAL dreamers" for they have dreams too
DACA go bye bye
This is Y Trump won & your party keeps losing elections.voted on 11/8 2 control D border, not exacerbate it. DACA
Dreamers should not have priority over Americans suffering on skid row or tent cities strewn across CA.
Thanks to Frm. Pres.Barack Obama, since 2012 ;Sen.Dianne Feinstein  Dream Act
Without illegal voters,  the Dems are REALLY in big trouble. Better protect your base, Dee Dee !!
Maybe you should try defending America and Americans instead of illegals
It makes no sense that politicians, like yourself, spend your efforts to help people who can't vote for you. I CAN vote for or against you.
Our top priority is ridding America of a do nothing senate. It's time for you to step down.

I had the pleasure to serve with all races creeds color during my 20 yrs of service. All to a man were brave men who shared American Values
There are so many stupid things he does how do you keep up?
She's awesome! Tough lady. She is just good like that. 
Yes she is an awesome lady but he keeps us hopping!
Bravo, Senator. Keep fighting the good fight.
Really, Ma'am? Who elected you? It wasn't "Dreamers". Shouldn't the Senate have the right to remove you for violating your oath of office?
Yes, they did vote for her.  People not here legally do vote in CA. It's why Dems protect them, the votes are needed.
100 percent right, get enough depending on the government then they controls the all. They will continue to vote, they get freebies. For now
If it was such a priority why didn't you pass legislation during 2009-10 when you guys ran everything.  No one could have stopped it.
You can't handled the challenges you rather resign and replace
Thank you, Senator!
We're ready for open borders for Israel, a place for Islamic dreamers who want a better life.   Let's get that UN resolution done!
Tell the People, how you all were and are quite about how and why we are in this crisis. A pandemic should be met with truth...
What is the next step for moving #Dreamers towards citizenship so their security isn't constantly threatened?
How about they do what every other legal immigrant has done for the past century and go through the normal process?
They were brought here as children. No "normal process" available, so asking for one. That is the point.
There's absolutely a process, do you honestly think no child has ever been legally granted citizenship?
Yep here they come out of sewer prewimg their lies lies. Two terms for Trump and drain the swamp. You're included.
Please stop being redundant..You have no counter. Truth is all the power that you have.. Now tell the People the truth...
@All100Senators "protecting *illegal immigrants* is a top priority of mine."
and they ask why they keep losing elections. If one of your top priorities is helping illegals wtf r u doing.
Thank you!!
We all know that. You put the welfare of illegals above that of American Citizens!
