This senator ripped Republicans for trying to rush their health care bill without a hearing 
The AHCA cannot be allowed to become law. It is a terrible bill. It is bad for #CA22. @DevinNunes needs to go because he voted for it.
Stick with Obama's care. It's almost collapsed.
Btw, Paulie...how do you like your socialized health care via the VA?
How do you like wearing diapers pee pee pants free stuff libtard.
What are you going to do about all the people who no longer have coverage under Obamacare? You voted for it, how are YOU gonna fix it?'
@SenatorCollins @SenBobCorker @SenCapito @ThomTillis @SenDeanHeller @lisamurkowski MEET •Authors• TRUMPcare Death Panels 23 MILLION LOSE ACA
No to TrumpCare, the Death Bill.
@clairecmc you tell them.  Such BS.
Isn't this really #RyanCare ?
And then watch the corrupt Democrat's Obamacare collapse. ..
This is so important!!  Every American needs to hear this and the press should be reporting it!!
Thank you a Senator Feinstein!
Would love to but my senators are @JohnCornyn @tedcruz and it is hopeless until 2018 / 2020 rolls around. Like talking to a WALL.
Call and tell them you will contribute to their opponents' campaigns. Worth a shot.
There's that...lol...Thank you.
Don't forget to tell them you are a diaper baby whiner. ..
Sometime I'm defiant or outspoken but on this issue I am truly afraid for my life. Thank you for trying to help  #modernamericangenocide
#Trumpcare will destroy families like mine
I think we need to call it Republicare, so the entire party owns up to their mean-spirited legislation.
She's Persisting !! 
Sounds like Obamacare, OK for the great & wonderful Dems to pull scams on Republicans, but Dems do t like the return serve. LOSERS
I think Diane Feinstein should run for president!
@clairecmc #TruthSpokenHere!  #13AngryALLWhiteSenators keep hands off my body #pussygrabsback #Trumpcare #RESIST #RyanandTrumptheChumpsAHCA
Republicans are sleazy , they are looking after themselves, "Follow the Money "
I have...over and over and over again. Please America...wake up and vote these Republicans out of office.
I know that group of old, GOP men need to INCLUDE Democrats and women in their meeting! Constituents WILL remember!
This is the vision Republicans dreamt for America! A totalitarian regime Fathered by Vladimir Putin and administered Trump's puppets!
We have been violated, ladies and gentlemen! The Russians rigged the software in our electronic voting machines! " Paper Voting Ballots! "
Most Americans are with you on the AHCA, but will you support Medicare for All, Senator?
#Trumpcare would deprive millions of healthcare. It's treason. Just say NO!
Senator, Please tell America how this bill 'encourages' insurance companies to go back to markets they left! Money? Incentives? How???
Thank you. I am a constituent and agree.
RAD Rise Against Democrats
Did this speech do any good? Did they listen or just blow her off, like they do....
This is the good ole' boys club as usual.
It's just a tweet Senator, but KNOW that we in #California understand you're on our side. I encourage others to inquire about their Senators
Nancy Warren  Thank you both, stay vigilant and resist
@marcorubio As my Senator, I hope you're not going to support this with zero input from/respect to dems.This is suppress and control tactic
This is NOT what democracy looks like.
Why has a single payer solution never been debated on the Senate floor? It's hard to side with Dems when they side with Reps
There is a better video where you can hear the aide telling Hatch what to say. Music drowns this out on this version.
Yep. #ImWithClaire
#trumpcareBAD
Just like the democrats did, rushed didn't read it & now it's a failure
Wake up America and make phones calls. If you don't, you won't have any health care. This is an abomination.
I seldom agree with @SenFeinstein, but today's one of those days. Health care bills need real hearings.
Bravo to all who have stood up. Trumpcare is immoral & illicit -  stoking the fires of revolution.  Blood will be on their hands!
But you were OK ramming Obamacare down w/out ever reading the bill?  Liberals are the biggest liars and hypocrites.  @TheFive @FoxNews @CNN
Let them pass it.  The utter disaster will ensure dem wins for many elections to come
Please use its rightful name, #RepubliCare. Don't let the rest of them off the hook by naming it only for 45.
Please help us
@SusaMorgan Go, Claire! And of course the Pubs said she had a meltdown. Played the female card
It's their default position.
@frangeladuo @szwest1 @VanessaRumbles BOY, congress would B SO NICE if it wasn't 4 all THE WOMEN!!! 
You must filibuster and vote No!
You need to do more. American lives are at stake. Get on CNN, MSNBC, all the networks. We must make this toxic for the GOP.
Please keep ACA and get to the floor with your bill s1307 to improve ACA.
What, you weren't invited to the hearings?
We need to keep plugging at our Senators to let them know there will be consquences for their actions.Our voice must be heard & acknowledged
#Boom! This lady carries her balls around in a wheel barrow boys, ya might want to look out:)
Why bother?  We are living in a trump dictatorship now. No matter what the offense, nothing sticks to teflon don.
I appreciate you challanged Mr. Hatch. He seemed like he had no clue what was going on. Thank god his aid was there to explain
That is NOT ok. How dare they try to push something through that affects  millions without full input from all who represent.
Best way to make voice heard if you are one of the lucky ones with a senator that cares about people over money?
No luck involved! Pure patriotism and courage of our convictions! Notice that everyone on earth know Trump's a liar, except Republicans!
They know. just want to push their agenda. Or wait for approval numbers  below 30%. Whatever comes first
Exactly. The second they smell real danger to their own jobs, they'll move.
There were no hearings on Obama care!
Sen. McCaskill is clearly talking about the hearings that did happen for the Affordable Care Act & amendments which were made through them.
Funny how you cry when it's done to you. Dems did the same thing for years.
I am so grateful for the leadership of strong Democrat women in Congress at this historic time! We would be lost w/o you. Keep the course.
http://landwheremyfatherdied.blogspot.com/2017/04/for-profit-health-insurance-wants-money.html …
@SMShow I say NO to the fraudulent GOP health legislation !
Fighting for REAL heath care 1st requires that one must not be in the pocket of for profit health insurance.
http://landwheremyfatherdied.blogspot.com/2017/04/for-profit-health-insurance-wants-money.html …
How is this happening? Millions of American lives are at stake!
Please keep fighting for us. Delay everything so they don't get it passed before the July recess.
Please stand strong against this bill!
.@SenFeinstein YES! Please stay strong and fight this bill with everything you have. We are counting on you! #SAVEtheACA
Follow @benwikler for great ideas on getting through to your GOP senators. Try them all! Be relentless!
She's great!
Thanks @SenFeinstein !
Republicans kill bill & many people on their hit/health list
NO to #Trumpcare
No business as usual, please, Senator!
No vote until they #ShowUsTheBill
After 101 hearing, your guys will still vote no. I know it. So whatever.
Why do you keep supporting a private for profit health care system that is inmoral and inhumane?
We need single payer. California can lead the nation. Please support SB 562.
If I were living in CA, I'd be happy to vote for the proposed single payer..
We would love to have you!
The #AHCA a.k.a. #TrumpCare is still alive. Remember what it would do, if it became law?
you don't have the power to do anything without first getting the permission of the GOP. You have no power, we made sure of that.
Where the hell were these questions when Obamacare care was pushed through! Spare me your grandstanding now!
We desperately need a state-led solution to healthcare.
Lower premiums, better care.
Insurance cos are raping consumers; CEOs make HUGE $$.
I wish you had made this same statement when the original ACA (Obama care) was pushed through!
Will you please explain: People can lose all Carriers or be forced to pay huge premiums without a choice of carriers and U think it's good.
Thank you for setting the sense of urgency.
This is simply disgusting what the Republicans r doing 2the American ppl. And a portion of our country VOTES 4this GOP, over &over again?!
Fair elections can only happen when we go back to Paper Voting Ballots! The Russian rigged the electronic voting machines! Trump told us so!
Agreed, tho paper ballots have also bn known 2get manipulated. Some 300,000 ballots have been 'made 2 disappear' in Detroit in the 2016 elex
I know! I lived in Detroit when that happened! Paper Voting Ballots is the way to combat what is happening in this country today!
Yes!!! And quickly!!
Democrats wrote the ACA behind LOCKED doors. GOP tried to get in to work on it, but were turned away. Give me a break goose~gander!
What is your proposal to fix aca?
@SenJohnMcCain There have been NO Senate hearings. There’s NO Senate bill. Everyone must make their voices heard and say NO to #Trumpcare.
I am a Californian & know that you, @SenKamalaHarris & @JaredHuffman will support our health care. What else can Californians do to help?
Breaking:  Anthem pulled out of 18 county exchanges leaving no insurers in these countys
NO to #Trumpcare  John Neely Kennedy and Bill Cassidy.
The for heavens sake DEMAND Schumer direct your fellow party members to cooperate and provide input. Legislation not useless hearings!
Ted Cruz said the best thing about this GOP Senate Trumpcare Bill is that is not being tried in Public by the Press! 

RAISE YOUR VOICES!
Thank you Senator Feinstein!
Will you withhold consent for any such bill?
Thank you to the Senator for standing up for We the People, more Dems need to stand with We the People!
This was done with CA gas tax. Doesn't seem fair does it?
This is my Blue Senator. My Red Senator has new staff, and they are straight up lying to us when we call. #ACHA #WheresRoy #STL
I'm not getting anywhete with Blunt office either!
Resistance NOW!
Please continue to fight for ALL of us! We need your leadership! We are scared! You are our voice!
No #Trumpcare.   Can you all work together!!!!!!!
@nowthisnews Obamacare is failing people are left with no insurance! You created this disaster! U represent us get to work
Proud to have you as our Senator  @clairecmc . The GOP is trying everything they can to sneak through#Trumpcare.
Stop being a obstructionist, Dianne ! Step up to the plate and do your job !
Fight for us.
Go on Claire!!!
Same way the obama fiasco was passed
The republicans should be ashamed of themselves.
The GOP are a disgrace now. I can't believe how they all have been behaving. I've never seen so many immature politicians. Embarrassing.
@womensmarch @amjoyshow @MaddowBlog please get word out to call about trumpcare bill that GOP r trying to ram through by July
Dayum!!! 
TrumpCare is deadly. No tax cuts for the wealthy. #MedicareForAll instead!
How about refusing to participate in any (non-emergency) hearing or markup until there is one on the health care bill?
Follow Leader @NancyPelosi ObamaCare logic "We have to vote on this to see what's in it"
What happens when the ACA fails?
You ARE my voice. You and @KamalaHarris. I'm grateful I don't have to call and beg and fight with my MoCs to get them to vote against AHCA.
What are they proposing as a fix to the failing ACA? Why nothing!
Republican's ACA is to turn it into a scam tat give the 1% rich a $800 billion tax break, while killing 24 million Americans they drop!
As a average American citizen this is so concerning. Unbelievable this is how badly the system is broken. Not in the people's best interest
A Greedy Opportunistic Parasite is trying to pass law without the wishes of We the PEOPLE being properly represented! (see Boston Tea Party)
@CoryGardner Colorado won't forget your part in this in 2020. #1TermCory
Love this video, wish it were a commercial
#Nototrumpcare
How? Republicans don't listen to us mere citizens. We don't have enough money or influence. #NoToTrumpcare #KillTrumpcare
I love the way Washington is getting nothing done. Disgraceful.
LISTEN to this!
#persisterhood
So scary, but @clairecmc gives me hope and makes me so proud
I called 202-224-3121 & left a msg  @JeffFlake @SenJohnMcCain  I doubt it did any good. I did try. Both my Sen r rubber stamps 4 DT
#resist
Good for you for trying!
Did you sign up for Obamacare for you and your family how about social security none of these programs are good enough for you
@SenateGOP @SenateDems pass #Trumpcare & Americans will die - it's that simple. Come down on the right side of history or out you go 2018.
Millions of Americans hope & pray that u, @SenWarren @SenSchumer et al Democrats reap exactly what u have sown 10 x's...Despicable LIARS ALL
NO to #Trumpcare NO to #Trumpcare NO to #Trumpcare NO to #Trumpcare NO to #Trumpcare NO to #Trumpcare NO to #Trumpcare NO to #Trumpcare
Millions of Americans know you are a damned liar & tried to undermine our govt & current @POTUS with lies. We want to #RepealObamaCare
Good news, you won't be having an August recess until the Health Care & Tax Reform bills pass & are signed into law by the President Trump.
Tell 'em sister!
Remember when GOP were locked out of meetings on OBAMA CARE-sure you do!!!
You are very guilty to lying to American People trying to overthrow our govt in a silent coup. NO ONE should listen to you. REPEAL ObamaCare
pay attention to the health care bill
umm, in case you haven't noticed, ACA is dying. Damn near code blue. You'll block everything except a train to nowhere.
#ClandestineGOP
That's because you wasted all this time with your Bullshit Russia story when @HillaryClinton lost because the Working Class cant stand her 
To whom are we supposed to make our voices heard? You're my senator, and you already agree. Nobody to complain to!
LOL I shouldn't laugh. But it's not our fault we're from California. Our people are fighting.  There are 2 repubs tho. Let's get on them.
