Reality is; EVERYONE was ok with it for decades. CHEAP LABOR. NOW they want to punish the innocents along w/the criminals.fdup
.@HOLYMOLY58 Reality is, CA voters passed Prop 187 22 years ago w/ 59% of vote. 74% of CA citizens today oppose Sanct cities @SenFeinstein
Fact is 187 was found unconstitutional/ fed gov't has exclusive jurisdiction over immigration laws. CHEAP labor
Yes, it was overturned.Fact that voters passed it shows you're wrong that EVERYONE was OK with illegal immigration @SenFeinstein
Everyone meaning the federal government and all of the employer's out there who hire illegals. CHEAP LABOR WINS
What's mean is perpetuating an underclass of non-citizens who labor 4 slave wages w/ no protections! More profit 4 ag & const!
Do you plan to take up a new profession, picking cotton and strawberries? Food is about to cost a lot more.
Cotton and Strawberries will cost more, huh?  Where's the list of things that will cost less?
Start with RENT costing less. That would be a blessing for Californians. @Brendan_Simon @SenFeinstein
how about healthcare?
ILLEGAL ALIENS. Immigrants/refugees are victims IAs are criminals.
Fight like hell, Senator.
why aren't you working on repealing existing border/immigration laws?
I support #realdonaldtrump 
I support #BanMuslim
so you are ok with people breaking the law?
Meanness doesn't seem to come anywhere close to describing the racist ideology at play here.
So following the laws enacted by Congress is racist. Wow, that's some logic. Suggest you stop eating paste....
Not aware of a federal law requiring ICE raids and deportations, but you really got me with that paste zinger  Good one
ICE raids only going after lawbreakers. Thanks for letting me know I'm number 1.
Yeah those guys they picked up coming out of the hypothermia shelter at the church in Virginia were vicious criminals I bet
BTW - If u think I am against immigration, ur wrong. My Chinese wife can attest to that. She did it the right way though.
A perfect example is what happened to the police officer in Whittier California – wake up Ms. Feinstein
undocumented equals illegal and they need to go home and return through the proper process if they want to become Americans
meanwhile 11million will be getting kicked off health insurance. GOP is void of #humanity
California here.  We are tired of lawlessness.  They are not undocumented immigrants,  they are illegal.  Enforce our laws.
There is no law against being a person, being a human bien. As such there is no such thing as "an illegal."
You continue to spread #fakenews.  You are not representing your state.  Please step down.  You've lost integrity and respect
Just explain which laws are the real laws to follow and the one's we don't have to follow. You helped make them.
Why don't we do something *crazy* like help put them on a path to citizenship? And make it fair. Not just the rich ones.
Dianne, you didn't enforce the laws in our state.  They are all here illegally.  Pay attention to US citizens.
I support our President I work hard and pay tax  I don't want illegal immigrants come to #USA
this country is for the people, by the people. the people are not just the ones born here or with papers #weareallamerica
it's for the citizens.  A nation of laws.
meanness?  It's called the law. Go home grandma you're drunk.
and cost.
#partisanrhetoric #whatareyourplanstomakeussafe #termlimitsforcongress
Trump will hang himself w/ it when farmers can't pick crops, cotton is left in the fields & nobody will work for minimum wage.
Following Congress' immigration laws is "mean?" What is ignoring people waiting years for legal entry called? Cutting in line.
please send them to Canada
do you respect the LAW'S of U.S. or just some of THE LAWS now that is unparalleled
more towards the nation than refugees and I like it. 2nd comes in after the first.
Meanness is the key word. Most people are here to work. Most terrorists get visas & green cards. This is political and racial
they knew they were breaking the law when they entered the country illegally illegal means they broke the law get it
why don't democrats care to get immigrants  out of the shadows and start paying taxes?
it's not about meanness it's about enforcing the laws of the United States.People who have not legally entered the US get out!
when are u hosting town hall meetings
your branch wrote the laws, isn't it funny that this @POTUS is faithfully executing the laws @POTUS44 chose to ignore
R's are cowards afraid of brown people, gays, & other faiths, unable foresee consequence of sociopathic actions.
Stop lieing!
I sincerely hope there are things you and other elected officials can do to disable this madman in the white house.
Yes i agree. This is NOT America as we all know & love it. Its very nazi germany and YOU of all people must realize this.
You mean 11 million undocumented criminals? Your @POTUS @realDonaldTrump was elected to enforce our laws and establish order!
Please fight this -- it is not right and will hurt people and economies!
STOP defend our citizens not the criminals in our state,
ty for this important statement. What is your plan to oppose w legislative action?
can you explain to me why convicted felons are protected from deportation? I am a liberal but don't understand this.
ILLEGAL immigrants. Here ILLEGALLY drain on services and resources.
how about who are illegally here and committing crimes.
True statement. Can we ask more immigration questions @ your town hall this weekend? @indivisiblesf @IndivisibleEB
what are you afraid of? We voted for you. You took our donations. Now meet with us.
this must reall stink for you and @NancyPelosi losing all these votes! Ha Ha!
where and when are you meeting directly with voters--not donators--this week?
undocumented migrants ! Is that the same as illegals why not worry about our water storage and roads that are crumbling!!
No human being is "illegal" so saying "illegals" to refer to people is not correct.
We must fight this with everything we have.  We need you Sen Feinstein!
They need to use a scalpel, yet they reach for a club.
Playing politics.Perhaps if we secure our border&tackle criminal aliens, comprehensive immig reform could follow by 3rd year?
the law is law, why have laws IF there is no plan for them to be followed? ALL the family can choose to go
at least 100,000 with criminal convictions and finalized deportation orders
@SenatorCantwell Public housing took all our social media blogs then kill me set
It's also the law. Or does that not count?
but it's  when @POTUS44 does it #deportationking
Fight against this Senator! This is not our America
Save some money and fix a dam!
@MaurasWorld the saddest part is the number was allowed to get this high in the first place, not to mention focus is illegals
they choose this path Knowing it was illegal.  It is not meanness to enforce the laws .  Your oath of office require. It.
@LambQuest We agree!!!!  It' time to do something about this! Dems need to lead against fascism.
11 million people no longer consuming US goods & services, that's gotta have a negative economy impact?
trying not to be negative, but this is the only half ways decent point I have seen
.@SenFeinstein Please work to #ImpeachTrump. From a constituent.
Praying to God this doesn't happen. Keep up the fight!
Thank you. Please fight for Cortez-Masto's bill & against this un-American cruelty and those who relish in it.
why don't you give as much concern to our veterans as you do to criminal illegal aliens afraid they won't vote Democratic
Thank you!  We must repeal this horrible EO!
should law enforcement quit pursuing everyone breaking laws - drunk drivers, tax cheats, rapists ... what's the difference?
I think there are laws that are to be followed. We don't get to pick and choose the ones we like best. We can't save everyone
#TrumpRussia
Yet mass deportations does keep us from pursuing Russia-Trump connections #resist
due process?
Common sense missing from immigration debate. Dems want amnesty for all. GOP want deportation for all. We can pick and chose.
While you sit atop your golden throne, Americans are dying in the streets,You remember Kate? You had a part in her death
Lies will stick on you like flies the Curse of God is upon you
We are nation under rule of law.  We are also nation of compassion & we must maintain our moral principled as nation...
Sen. Dianne, Trump should aim at the worst criminals were drug dealers, gangster & protect woman & children...
Oh no! Government is being mean by enforcing the law!
Congratulations on being duped. Nothing illegal of course about @POTUS doing deals w/ Russian mafia, selling out US @SenFeinstein
I will not be voting for you again..as a cabinet voter, you have a BIG hand in this mess #StandUpToTrump #Calexit #NotMyPOTUS
its called enforcing the laws of the lands immigrants of honor come in legally these are criminals being deported
totally mean but this is the cruelness of evangelicals
funny how people resort to religious persecution when they don't have a decent argument
we need to become two countries because clearly there are two Amerca's. It's like everything we are is not anymore
Trump posse, "Latino undocs are a national security risk, now don't look as we all get rich from Russian oil & govt contracts
The law is the law, and I realize this is a foreign concept to an elite hypocrite like you who only follows laws you like.
We don't vote for presidents because they're nice people. We vote for them to do things. Like this. Go Trump!
TRUMP MUST BE IMPEACHED!  WE NEED A THOROUGH INVESTIGATION INTO HIS RUSSIA TIES!! #ImpeachTrump
<------- Needs to look at the facts not fake news from the MSM.
Mean? Mean is you & your buddies making nice at the expense of OUR young daughters, men, our grandpa home alone!
communities, schools, businesses are going to suffer tremendously.  Americans will suffer in innumerable ways, job loss
job loss? Some of these bums who have been soaking the system can fill those jobs! Should be forced to!!
you are so full of s--+ it's coming out your ears
what's really scary is after all that the infrastructure and labor will be in place to round up all kinds of people.
unfortunately that means repealing and replacing the 14th and that won't happen
you failed for years to revise our immigration along with your phony fellow politicians now you speak up???
ENFORCE OUR LAWS!
So enforcing the Constitution that you took an oath to uphold is "Meanness"?
