Ending cost-sharing reduction payments INCREASES insurance premiums and INCREASES federal spending. Everyone loses!
The Affordable Care Act is not dead or imploding, it still insures millions of Americans. But it IS being sabotaged! #ProtectOurCare #ACA
We all know the ACA has failed. The general public wants it to end. They want to go back to private control of their policies.
How is it sabotage? You didn’t write in subsidies into the ACA. What we’ll see is what u really wrote into law. Dems OWN this shitstorm
That's a lie.
Lol snopes also said Obama didn't say if you like your doctor you can keep your doctor. But we all know he did... next time use an unbiased
Making ins. available across state lines will bring prices down. If Dems had fixed ACA years ago, it wouldn’t require the @POTUS to fix it.
They tried to. The republicans blocked it at every turn.
No they didn't.
Did you not vote in favor of the ACA that is hurting Americans with Tax Penalties for not having health insurance?
Individuals unite for group benefits! ACA works for US.
I say take away all senators and congressmen insurance until they can figure out something that is fair to all Americans
" Affordable " Care Act??!! Affordable for who???!! It about bankrupted MY family of five! #RepealAndReplace OBUMMERCARE!!
Please Dianne it was bailout for the insurance companies because #Obamacare doesn't work. If it did it would stand on it's own.
Please senator stop his madness! Can't you get the 5 ex presidents to have an intervention?
Give the phone back to mommy now.
Bot
You may wish that but, I am a voter and my guy is president.  Your gal is a crook and still trying to find relevance. #Impotentliberalparty
How can someone sabatage a disaster?
True!
The ACA hurts more than it helps just ask a cancer patient when the insurance companies denied coverage for their treatments.
The ACA is America’s group health insurance. The more who join, the better. Those who already are covered by a group plan, need not apply!
Those payments to insurance companies are ILLEGAL! They were not approved by Congress! Obama used EO to pay insurance co millions!
Meanwhile, Trump writes EOs........
Not as many as “Champ” Obama!
POVERTY LEVEL OVER 20% IN CA,  Over 40 people killed in wild fires... roads crumbling... and you just want to give more $$ to freeloaders!
I see you are getting the daily dumbocrat talking points... you get FREE HEALTHCARE... start paying for your own Alzheimers' meds.
Doesn't hurt you. Retire already
We LOVE PonziCare! The Millennias responded enthusiastically with your plan to rip them off! #PonziCare #TheBigLie
You guys voted for OBAMA CARE and yet you do nothing to fix it it is tanking so don't talk about hurting the people cause you done have
#GOPCare. 
#GOPCare
#GOPCare. 
#GOPCare
#GOPCare. 
#GOPCare
#GOPCare. 
#GOPCare
#GOPCare. 
#GOPCare
#GOPCare. 
#GOPCare
He’s not sabotaging it, he’s trying to replace a failing disaster.
Looks like it'll hurt his followers more then the rest of us so maybe they'll learn something
All Americans are hurt under Obamacare.  We need to fix it without going into single payer.
Hoping he takes away your health care and dumps all of congress and senate into the ACA
you passed a disaster of a healthcare act: aca and now you don't want to take credit for your vote:
Democrats sabotaged health care. It was designed to fail. That is why it had to have extra constitutional funding they bypassed congress.
Sen- AHCA isnt an inalienable right guarrented 2 noone. Cut out middlemen & cost will decrease, there r ideas also.(Ret HIPAA rep, St of CA)
Shut your pie and rersign
BS try talking to some Americans who cant afford Obamacare, that's the part you always leave out, if u really care work this out together
Did u happen to notice that the subsidy payments were found to b unconstitutional?? That actually means something, u know??
Sounds like you & @TheDemocrats passed a bad tax law
No...it makes u boneheads in the Senate actually talk to each other, & finally HAVE to fix healthcare. (Am voting 4 u, & not de Leon...BTW)
Thanks for Our Great President Trump! He stands up to those profits gouging health insurance companies and gives the money to the PEOPLE!
Remind us again how much the senate health care costs taxpayers because obozo gave you an exemption
What HURT WORSE was passing ACA aka OBAMACARE in the first place. Again, the Dems F’d USA and the GOP has to fix it.
You well know OBCare was designed to fail so you could get single payer in. ACA is a Progressive scheme for something worse
Since when is holding Obamacare accountable  to the letter of the law considered sabotage?
Not Ture!  The ACA has hurt most Americans, especially the ones who are productive and pay taxes!  54% increase in premiums for 2018 in CA!
It’s going to cost you far more without it. You better hope and pray you never get sick and have something really serious happened to you
Peeps iz gonna daiz!!
Congress should find it.
IT’S NOT AFFIRDABLE!!!!!’
The ACA is America’s group health plan. Peel away the stigma and negativity and promote easy access for all those not in a group health plan
@BobCorker @JohnKasich @johnmccain @SenatorCollins #LastGOPstanding @ananavarro @MBGlenn @JebBush @43georgebush @NeverTrumpPAC @rorycooper
How would you even know what hurts the American people, isn't it true you get subsidies to cover your expenses?
He only cares how events affect him personally
How would you know since you and other members of congress have excellent coverage
You hurt all Americans more!
You want president to violate constitution & pay subsidies to insurance co. not authorized by congress? To give you right to impeach? GFY
We exist to help women in active treatment for breast cancer. @ProvisionProj
Not true, doesn't hurt congress since they have own health care.
I Agree.
tRumpcare is going kill many people. Republicans had a chance to fux it and they let tRump kill it it’s on tRump now. He is to blame.
You really have now idea what's going on outside of your office do you. My premiums have more than doubled in the last 8 years
ACA is garbage & never was intended to work. You know It, Hillary knows it, and Gruber knows it. Please stop lying to yourself and taxpayers
Why would it hurt insurance companies,,,they are in the same place they were before Obummer care why would it hurt now ?
Senator it is not affordable. And the coverage is terrible. Please please try to come up with something better.
HOW DO YOU KNOW. YOU HAVE. IT
since when did that ever bother him
You are so great Senator. We need you.
What has she done other than tweet propaganda
It hurts your sponsers right where it counts , right in the profit margine
Obamacare hurt me. Drive my prices right up to I can’t afford it.
What is Obama care? 10 bucks says you have no idea.
It’s Sabotaging itself...
If Obama had done ANYTHING legally, people wouldn't be complaining about this, but hey, he's your guy and broke the law with Obamacare.
Fix it mame.  Fix that was broken b4 it was implemented.
Nah, hurts insurance companies, Hurts democrats- no more campaign contributions. Gives relief to the rest of us.
The unaffordable care act is the problem...Repeal it!!!
The affordable care act has been a failure, to bad you dems can't realize that.
That's because the democrats are so friggin out of touch and common sense that they have no clue what's going on in the real world!@
To bad it doesn’t affect senators and congressmen so they would fix it!
in CA, if you are illegal, Gov Brown and these two US senators make sure you feel comfortably at home with all expenses paid
2/2.if these Dem morons actually work to bring jobs, manufacturing back to CA, stop giving welfare to illegas, we will be a better state
1/2- 6th largest economy ,25% poverty in CA, it does not make sense, why CA requires so much handouts or welfare .
What affordable care act. It doesn't exist. Because it never was affordable! Sen. Feinstein
Re-elect Dianne Feinstein!
Mostly it hurts CA who takes most of the subsidies to run this penal colony! Figure it out!
Retire please
Yes sabatoge destroy repeal anything get rid of that bill
HE DOESN'T CARE
I REALIZE this... The fecking swamp slime just keeps oozing out
I know you know, sometimes i get so frustrated i feel like I just to scream it out
I completely understand
It was sabotaged before it was passed, fool-
It wasn't affordable in the first place,it was a joke,just a big ripoff
Maybe following the law is more important. Courts rules payments illegal. If he pays this why can't he just pay for wall the same way?
It doesn’t hurt ins cos/it’s covering prem for lower income people/it hurts real people/think real real real hard
Let's impeach him.
Doesn’t hurt me!
Make him own it. "Media blitz" that message until the midterms. This is your key. And cut the euphemisms, call it what it is, fascism
You obviously haven't read the rest of this thread where 95% are saying ACA hurt them. You really don't care about people do you
Obamacare is imploding. Wake the hell up!  You screwed this up. Now it must be fixed. Get out of the way. WHAT O-Care POLICY DO YOU HAVE ???
Sen Feinstein, with all due respect, #WeThePeopl voted to repeal #Obamacare. It's time it gets done!
And I can't believe you made a very stupid statement like that.
Okay.  What are you going to do about it?  You had 8 yrs to fix things.  Why do Democrats want single payer?
ACA has hurt me and my children by being completely unaffordable. I’m in CA, you democrats are ruining CA for everyone.
I can't wait to see you wrong.  And u will be.
Your solution?
STOP sabotaging US homeless Americans in favor of ILLEGALS! US Homeless have NO HC, NO JOBS, NO PATHWAY TO BETTER LIVES! HC not only issue!
@SenFeinstein you say #protectourcare! Please Senator, spend more time focusing on Americans instead of guns and illegals
Trump, GOP will lie that ACA "imploded." Fox, Russian Facebook will back up. Dems need massive, smart advertising campaign to tell truth.
Democrats never lie? If you like your doctor you can keep your doctor.  Something like that lie?
Ask her again how many in her state are on medicaid
Dianbe. What is with the Marino bill?
Stop lying . Capitalism and competition has always worked lower cost and providing more options. Government run is not capitalism
One thing I know for sure, it helps corrupt Koch Brothers bottom line.
...insurance companies. Dianne, tell the real story! How rich did the insurance investors get? How much was lost by you elites? 
FRAZER: You're party stole from Fannie & Freddie on the ill conceived plan that couldn't be sustained making insurance pull out of it!
The main reason lawmakers are upset at Trump for ending insurance subsidies is due to Washington elitist being highly invested in these...
#25thAmendmentNow
Than do your job & pass legislation regarding insurance subsidies. What Obama did is unconstitutional. I didn't get a vote on this matter.
Hahahahaha

Stop it. You knew #ACA would collapse before it was passed. And, allowing tax money to be illegally paid is unconscionable.
How do you know that will happen when none of you want to talk about it? No ideas,no help,just NO!
Prove it.
So, do something! #25thAmendmentNow
I hate to BUST your bubble, but, you can't use the 25th Amendment to get someone out of office because you don't like what they're doing.
But it can be used BECAUSE HE IS INCOMPETENT/SENILE/DEMENTED/BIPOLAR/SOCIOPATHIC/PSYCHO!
Keep repeating the Democrat narrative
Are u hearing the words coming out of his mouth?
Yep. Goes to show he's not politically correct.  I love it. 
Political correctness=Democrat Censorship.  To bad about your feelings.
U clearly don't care about the USA!
Even members of #Congress that  were exempt from the #ACA!?
Nothing could possibly hurt us more than Obamacare. You people knew this plan would fail and just didn't care. Trump has no choice now.
BEING IT DOWN PIECE BY PIECE !!!

UBER, AIRBB, GRUB HUB, AMAZON
ALL HAVE USED DISRUPTIVE TECH 2CHANGE MARKETS, WHY NOT

INSURANCE?! 
TRUMPSTERS WHO VOTED TO DRAIN THE SWAMP & DEM PURISTS WHO STAYED HOME/WENT 3rd PARTY-GUESS WHAT? YOU SCREWD US ALL
And he could care less about the American people !
Are you saying Democrats do? Exactly what solution have they had?
More so then a Republican ever would ! If you haven’t figured that out then you truly must be a #Bot
Voting on the Affordable Care Act b4 reading it and shoving it down our throat hurts many millions of Americans! #MAGA
You on it??
Congressional spending hurts Americans more....
The only ones hurt by the changes to the Affordable Care Act are those receiving a handout get over yourself your base is leaving you
Take back the house starting with the 9 Rep in CA that voted to end healthcare
not rich white ones
You are racist!
Dianne should tweet about Obama's weapons "ratline" to terrorists. #MAGA
2)... Marxist Democrat agenda. Your goal was a GOVERNMENT RUN SINGLE PAYER. YOU & DEMOCRAT LIED to the American People! Despicable behavior.
1) Quit lying about facts. You-Obama-Democrats sabotaged America's HealthCare years ago with ObamaCare by pushing a radical Progressive …
So does not impeaching on mental instability grounds and just bitching ...maybe we need to replace EVERY one and get balls in Washington
Trump seems to think that by repeatedly saying MAGA, he can steal his supporters Health Care, from them and they won’t mind or notice.
Sorry Diane, Obamacare is what has hurt millions of Americans and you supported it. It's now imploding and it's your fault. Live with it
Lie.  Again.  Obamacare hurt a whole bunch of us.  Not like you'd care.
He is vile and soulless. When will our elected officials realized he is a danger to our country?
Haha. HE is our elected official and this meme is for you.
Oh be quiet, old woman. We know exactly where you get your money, who you associate w & that you don't give an eff about Americans.

Retire.
Haven't you figured this out yet? This is about undoing Obama's legacy. He doesn't care who he hurts or how much it costs.
President Trump didn’t Sabotage the ACA. President Obama and all of you slimy democrats who voted a bill destined to fail in to law did.
His brain has been invaded and the  is scared.
Maybe that is the only way that the ignorant in this country can be taught. By learning what it will do to them. Sad.
