We are urging you also to filibuster nomination of #Gorsuch and ultimately vote No #rememberYourLegacy
Hold firm.  #gorsuch would be a bad choice for years to come.  Just say NO!
I disagree. Gorsuch is a great selection. What am I missing? Did you watch his hearings? All ears.
vote on Garland first then put Gorsuch up anyone who is in favor of keeping money in politics should not be on our Supreme Court
Garland was never, ever going to be confirmed. R's held both chambers of Congress then, and now silly!
Stop letting him make policy. Just stop! @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats #Trumprussia Mike Flynn
Stop all legislation until #russiagate is resolved @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @realDonaldTrump  #treason
I am disappointed as a Californian that you are not going to filibuster Gorsuch. We dont need this kind of SCJ.
Why let some market providers sell and exclude others? All or none is solution. D.C. Needs to stop picking winners and losers.
#16 year cancer patient says ask me about healthcare/food or medication?/premium or rent?/I can fix it/ask me
maybe you should remind him that "his" information won't be safe either
@jacksnowknows  Sen Feinstien, I am one of your constituents. Please do more than "urge". Words & actions matter. Insist!
Thank you, @SenFeinstein ! Glad I voted for you!
How about we urge the President to resign
Please!
No Gorsuch!
You keep pretending he wants to live up to the obligations of the office.  
He has never accepted responsibility in his life.  
#resist
Sorry, Comrade Trump was bought and paid for by campaign contributors a long time ago.
this is far, far more important than your weird fear based urban legend drug flavoring bill. Focus lady!
Stay strong on this. Thanks.
Not hopeful POTUS can do anything that logical or fair.  BLUEWAVE2018
Thank you! We also need you to filibuster Neil Gorsuch's nomination! All democrats should. He shouldn't be confirmed.
Put on the pressure and turn up the heat so he has NO choice but to veto!!
If only there were a bill to stop the #NSA and #FBI from gathering personal info of innocent citizens...#StopTheNSA #nutbag
If it would hel people Trump will do opposite. #TrumpRussia
DIANE DO YOUR JOB!
WTH is GOP thinking? Can States block the Federal legislation?
@Patrici97185118 It'll be hard to do from prison.
if we can get someone to prosecute!
I'm concerned with all the dodging and covering that he is immune from accountability.
I expect he won't veto it and thus will prove again that he is not on the side of the people (not me) who voted for him
I agree with you on this one! And i lean to the right. Cant believe my party is so wrong on this!
Realistically he won't do it because he supports business $ over rights of American ppl. He c/care less abt our privacy.
that won't happen. How about a filibuster for Gorsuch?
Oh, freak.  Am I finding@myself agreeing with this corrupt political Hagatha?
don't bother. focus on removing trump from WH. get bannon out of the NSC in the meantime, & kushner, ivanka--out of our govt
I almost think @realDonaldTrump could veto the bill to further distract from #russiagate Imagine the chaos! Bannon loves chaos. Do it #45!
Thx. We're urging you to filibuster Gorsuch. No SCOTUS appt until #TrumpRussia investigation complete & #newelection gets us a legit POTUS.
Good luck @SenFeinstein. We stand with you all the way. Just getting tired of the non stop fire hose of nonsense. Anything you can do??
Stop normalizing an illegitimate administration.
please make sure he does!
Ugh. I hate having to ask him for anything. Sigh
How can government continue with Russiagate?
.@SenFeinstein You probably believe that privilege belongs to IC appointed by a democrat, esp if the "victim" is an opponent.
#witholdconsent
Please do!
good luck with that
Don't trade for a pass on Gorsuch.
Respectfully, as a measure of good faith to the Dem base u can ask 45 to veto but it will never happen. Maybe you can get Bannon 2 sway him.
This is outrageous and must be stopped!
as a sequelae to the senate intelligence hearing what is needed is a news reliability rating system
How do we stop sanctuary cities that kill, kinda like demos selling their souls for a vote
Remind him that all Trump and his family info will be accessible, too!  No exceptions for asses.
This will be interesting.
Sad but not going to happen #businessfirst with this administration
He won't.  It will make it easier for him to follow his dictatorial leanings.  Dear Leader wants to get all us snowflakes
Thank you for that, Ms. Feinstein.
Thank you Dianne! Use the you have as Senator for nrly 40M Californians, who lead US in innovation! @indivisible_la
Yeah - that's not going to happen
What a position to be in, having to appeal to 45* to do the right thing.
As long it's not his info he doesn't care. Not when there's money involved.
Such a bill would be a violation of 4th & 1st amendment rights by utility regulators, legislation & corporate charters.
More prosperity, security & wealth can be created by employing more people in internet security.
Most of the anticompetitive sentiment against ordinary americans is coming from foreign investmet.
Might want to wait until the next president starts in a few months
You are looking very SUSPICIOUS! R u with Russia & Caliexit? Better wake up! U can be ousted also!  You aren't voting for your people!
Good luck with that! I think 45 and the @GOP 'ers have already cashed their checks!
You know that @realDonaldTrump  is only interested in maximizing http://profits.You  can urge him, however I am betting he wont sign.
If your against it, then for sure we're for it. U lie!
YES I AGREE
Good luck. This is a guy who is a peeping Tom, not to mention stupid

