So killing humans in utero is "reproductive health"?
Yes actually it is. Next time you find yourself pregnant, get back to me for a reasoned debate on the subject. Oh wait...
You forgot about prostate cancer and other male maladies. Why should there be govt carve-outs just for women?
Um, since when did men have to fight for prostate cancer treatment? Like I said, as soon as you are pregnant, get back 2 me.
What treatment do women have to "fight" for?
all is hear is crickets
But I thought CA Democrats were pro-choice, right? Where is the taxpayer's right NOT to support an immoral act?
Whether the decision is moral or not comes into the religious arena, and has no place in politics. Please find another legal way to object.
I know. What's governments role in deciding anything. Genocide, schmenacide. We must bow & kowtow to all powerful DC.

Not me.
The point of the post is that people will die because AHCA guts health care funding. Someone you know and love will be affected by this.
Indeed. People I know & love would ultimately die due to the "Affordable" Care Act. Gov't pretty much screws up everything it touches lately
#ACHA to remove maternity/pre-natal care.

I wonder where all that pro-life energy goes when it disappears after a birth?
@itsWanda PRE-natal care? That's strange even for them
LOL.  After conception #GOP loses interest in life.
They're pro-pre-life.
Once born all are to be issued guns as a method of population control.
Don't give them ideas. NRA needs more lifetime members. They're morally bankrupt enough to lobby for it.
Really. 
Scary.
SINGLE PAYER!!!!!  STOP TAKING MEETING WITH LOBBYIST FOR CASH!!!
We are nowhere near ready to put that on the table! Let's start with getting the GOP out of healthcare!
If healthcare is a right that can be subsidized, I want you to subsidize my second amendment right then. Buy me guns and ammo. It's my right
Getting yourself knocked up, or doing it to someone else, is not involuntary introduction of an unwanted illness that requires health care!
Abortion isn't reproductive anything. Liar.
There is a word. It's called fungible. It means PP and their supporters are liars.
Hahahahaha, By reproductive coverage you mean just free abortions?
So why don't u support #MedicareForAll ?
Oh yeah - you really care more about the $$$ you receive from lobbyists.
UGH, who voted for you
It's not about morality. It's about personal responsibility. Forgiveness of its lack thereof, with federal subsidy, is not constitutional!
All of a sudden everyone is a health care expert.
Thank you! Please vote No on ACA repeal 
We need to start talking to Canada about annexation.  @theerinmaher
How are you defining reproductive health?
So you think Obamacare is "improving" it, ummmm OK
The #AHCA makes pregnancy a pre-existing condition. 

The pro-life movement has just made pregnancy equivalent to disease.
Thank you for opposing this bill!
Thank you for supporting us in the GOP attempts to deny coverage to millions of Americans. #trumpcare #VoteNoAHCA
are you listening @RepJeffDenham, @DarrellIssa, @RepMcClintock and other CA reps???
Another reason for California Single Payer.  #SB562
Tell that to the Republicans of California like @DarrellIssa
Somebody is going to have to hire a skywriter to get this message through to @DarrellIssa
Wouldn't Scalia's finding the 9th circuit just cited protecting sanctuary cities' right to funds extend to this as well?
You don't need a special health care option for women that mostly kills children Diane. It's called family doctors.
@tommcclintock  you support this?  #VoteNO
So please get on board with single-payer.
Single Payer for California!
@SenSchumer NY too. Fight like lives depend on it. They do!
Then CA (& NY since we req it too) should stop sending $ to Fed Govt. Let them try to get by without those $$. We'll take care of our own.
Tell @DarrellIssa he doesn't seem to know or care.
anything @SenFeinstein is ageist I'm all for. Time for you to retire.
Sounds like a State issue to me...........
No, that's another good reason to oppose the AHCA replacement, the repeal by itself is fine.
@donagalella why do you force me to have reproductive health coverage. Obamacare sucks
@KenCalvert  What are your re-election chances if you vote for Republicare? Your constituents are watching.
There is only ONE debate point abt ACA: is it constituional to FORCE Americans 2buy something JUST because they breath. I say No.
ACA impoverishes middle class women sad u support it
You're ill. Seek help.
that is not true.So now you want to give free healthcare who's going to pay for it.We are taxed to death because of you.
Ur worried abt reproductive health? I lost my ins. 3 times since ACA & now can't afford deductible. Do U care abt the millions like me? Sick
BLOCK DEATHCARE!!!!! Killer of the American people through healthcare!!!
I hope ACA not repealed. Then Democrats will take blame 4 a horrible bill. Ppl were lied to. I lost my insurance 3 times & can't afford now.
Block the DEATHCARE!!! That's what it is Death to the public!!!!!
Sad!
Will the government be coming with me to the car dealership to tell me what car to buy too?! I'm a crest toothpaste person too,is that cool?
That should apply every state not just California.
That's an important variable to consider as #SB562 fiscal analysis is being conducted. @SenToniAtkins @RicardoLara4CA @GavinNewsom
Why the hell is the government involved in our health care anyway?Leave us alone! You all have done enough damage 2 America & we the people!
Support medical marijuana
Staggering abuse of power!
That's bull. Can't we do something??
NO GOVERNMENT RUN SOCIALIST HEALTHCARE
Shouldn't have to pay for others "reproductive health"
Your refusal to back the most popular plan - single payer- will cost us everything. Your nearing a delusional state of self righteousness.
FYI Mrs Feinstein killing babies is not reproductive health coverage
is there anything you can agree with!??
@RepMimiWalters   Are you paying attention Mimi?
go trump administration DEMOCRATS PLEASE STOP  POSTURING FOR VOTES AND FAKE NEWS GO TRUMP ADMINISTRATION

Only country with profits for health care. SINGLE PAYER.
I can't even. You, @SenKamalaHarris & @JuliaBrownley26  must go out in G-town on occasion w/ tears of laughter over the stupid of the GOP!
Always remember Jimmy and Billy Kimball Hope Repubs watch Jimmy Kimball
Talk about misspelling Jimmy Kimmel  sorry
Thanks
yeah heaven forbids women get health coverage! Thanks for fighting senator
In other words some of your constituents find abortion to be immoral. You force those people to pay for abortions through tax dollars.
Do Rep Knight and Issa know this??? They think their vote is none of our business.
Trump is a shit head
The GOP are such haters - just like Trump, the hate all women, AfricanAmericans, MexicanAmericans and all Muslims. It is unacceptable.
So are women legislators actually voting for this bill? If so, how? Jesus told them to!
This discussion is so far removed from reality people. It's about abortion not health care. A Pap smears are cheap. Come on.
Be honest @SenFeinstein We al know ALL financial help for Calif. goes into the general fund to pay salary & pension of you & other gov emply
CA also uses tax dollars to provide healthcare and education for illegal immigrants! That's ok though, b/c they also vote for Democrats.
I agree with the BLOCKING of Fed Financial help if it does NOT help everyone. GOP seems to forget that Abortion is LEGAL!! NO ACA APPEAL!!
bc of W/C laws being diluted in CA, I pay for $20K worth of Meds a year. IF Lose ACA, will Lose Medicaid and Fed Financial will be Blocked!
I called 8 CA GOP Representatives who are on the Undecided List, need to call ones like Issa and Mimi Walters tomorrow. I will die w/o ACA!!
#SaveACA
Everyone should have reproductive health coverage! Insurance covers viagra why not women's health issues!
I guess the people of California should pay for it then or change coverage.
He is laying the foundation for a Calexit.
We hope
Thank heavens I live in California!
Take it from your sanctuary cities
Thanks for the heads up Senator.  We will continue to #ResistTrumpCare  and all things about this kleptocracy
@realDonaldTrump do you think Californian children are less deserving than anywhere else?  How about grandparents? You should be ashamed
Too bad you won't support single payer health insurance, but getting cash from insurance companies is more important to you DiFi
@RepMimiWalters so why do you support it, Mimi? #WheresMimi
Like it straight up won't cover anyone in the state? FFS...
Another reason, u need a reason besides the fact it would deny newborns & or practically anyone who ever hasp any form of health issue ever?
Let's stop Trump care.
Do you know any of the R's in the house that plan to vote for this? Do they have horns? Do they slither under rocks in the hot sun?
@railchicken WE STILL NEED SINGLE PAYER. Why are you against it, Senator?
Proof? I find this hard to believe.
This is huge.
Shall I just send you a check?
We. Need. Single-payer. Healthcare. #TheResistance
Please change ur mind on single payer. No other developed country allows companies to make money off health care like ours. Let's join them
Many ppl don't know this. Hope you are aggressively pushing this message in CA. Several Rs in CA undecided or pro ACHA.
Thank you for this. Stay strong.
GOP wants state forced births.
Your vote against single payer shows how phony you are and as a result cost you my vote in the primary
This is just not right. Keep politics out of it. The person involved is the ONLY one who should make a decision about his/her own body.
RUSSIA PLEASE, senator Feinstein. STOP avoiding it
Why did you reject last week a single payer then!
Good Cali don't need shit! Thought they wanted to be their own country?!
Yeah
So California requires reproductive health? What condoms?Or Abortions?People can pay their own way! It's called independence, not dependent
# 1 reason to vote for it. Socialist California needs to pay a steep price for violating federal law and protecting criminal illegals.
They'll send in the troops for all those illegals and drug users -- and pot smokers will be first. Thanks for that #DINO. Your Drug War toll
You don't care about healthcare or you would support #Medicare4All. You are bought by insurance industry and work for them not the people.
FIGHT!
Sick of the way Congress can't work together. Hey over to the other side of the aisle and talk.
but ur vote can be bought by the healthcare lobby. Corrupt dems like u r why I left the party.
Good! We don't "require" reproductive health coverage. What a stupid thing to suggest.
Pretty easy oppose ACA if your getting paid by the health care industry, sad sad!  People pay you to vote against it.  We see u Dianne!
Thank you, @SenFeinstein. I hate this @POTUS so much, and the GOP who is in rank step with him.  Ruining our country.
Definitely oppose trumpcare!
ACA has failed
Good. Translation = abortion on tax $. CA a disaster
Thanks for being on it for us, Senator @SenFeinstein
Secede
The GOP continues to live up to their "deplorable" descriptor.  Senator please keep fighting for us and our health care.
#MedicareForAllOrBust  See you in the primaries!  
#OpposeTrumpCare @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @TheDemocrats
Don't worry next election! Your gone!
this is outrageous!
- i wonder whether erectile dysfunction suffers the same fate
- we must stop the #hateonwomen
#resist
In your constituent and I support you no vote
Its Obamacare, Beautiful.
Another reason: They haven't paid you out yet.
A reason to support single payer health care: everyone gets health care,  no exceptions.
Free abortion! Woohoo! California is beautiful. Silent little bodies don't upset the boat, huh.
And you block single payer because?
Please stop this madness. When will this man be held accountable?
Another reason to oppose #singlepayer  #hypocrisy
EXPOSED: Dianne Feinstein held fundraiser with healthcare lobby firm days after slamming Sanders' single-payer bill http://www.ibtimes.com/political-capital/dianne-feinstein-takes-money-health-care-lobby-rejects-single-payer-insurance …
gop out 2018
While I'm grateful for your ACA support, I'm stunned you want to block single payer in CA. Listen to constituents, not lobbyists.
hey now the healthcare lobby paid for that vote. But voters can pay back by booting her out.
Love how you use the words "Reproductive Health" sounds so benign. If health was the only thing involved here there would be no problem
the land of fruits and nuts always has a different agenda.
Some religions say reproductive health includes female genital mutilation. Certainly you are covering that too along with fetus mutilation
You should be able to find another way.
you mean abortion coverage?
No Feinstein it's because you ALL keep wasting $$$ on Gov. Brown train to NO where! All you people do is keep taxing us!
Planned Paarenthood is not a reproductive health coverage it is a money making abortion mill that funds democratic candidates
It would be declared unconstitutional.  If not, we can all kiss the Constitution goodbye and beg Canada for asylum.
Why is the gov't involved in my healthcare in the 1st place? Why is what I say to my doctor any concern of yours? Leave us the fuck alone!
Resist
That's what happens when you're working with other people's money - strings & contingencies. Ask your husband to fund them, he's got CA tax
Support single payer or be primaried @SenFeinstein
Get over yourself! She supports it but we as a nation are nowhere near it. She is not going to waste her time. Too many rednecks who vote...
You're wrong. She calls it a government takeover of health care.
That's a good thing. CA hasn't learned anything and needs to be brought to it's knees. Government mandated healthcare is a failure.
I hope @DarrellIssa follows you...
Eliminate healthy food in schools to create preexisting conditions, no healthcare. GOP practicing genocide/eugenics #voteNO
.@DarrellIssa what’s with this Republican war on women??
Do R's in CA know this?  GOP not just happy to kill H-care in red states, determined to pull blue states with them!
Well..you made your bed...
California is a terminally sick state & Republicans will do NOTHING to save it. Only a matter of time before it collapses.
Again, Republicans attack all benefits for vulnerable populations.  We are seeing the systematic corporate destruction of compassion.  Boo.
Dianne- You're the meaning in my life You're the inspiration You bring feeling to my life You're the inspiration #Chicago
Then California tax payers can pay for it 
The rest of the country isn't responsible for your irresponsible copulation
No welfare for poor kids, no abortion, and no no birth control.  Only option....no sex.  That's realistic.

EXPOSED: Dianne Feinstein held fundraiser with healthcare lobby firm days after slamming Sanders' single-payer bill http://www.ibtimes.com/political-capital/dianne-feinstein-takes-money-health-care-lobby-rejects-single-payer-insurance …
#aca #obamacare loots private property @fanniemae @freddiemac to subsidize Healthcare insurance companies. #resign
I thought we won this round with the approval of the budget? Why is there so much false info?
[1/2] The budget approval includes funding for the rest of 2017 for Planned Parenthood and related programs.
[2/2] The attempt to reverse ACA and its health care coverage mandates for insurance is a different threat, and must also be blocked.
Too bad you were not there to support single payer
What happened to "States Rights"?
oddly strange that you tweet this after taking a bribe from the health insurance lobby.
