high premiums, high deductibles, no service, no doctors..should I go on and on? And where are they now when it needs fixing? Blaming the...
Don't worry ladies Trump & GOP will keep Obamacare in place until it implodes completely then Democrats can take the blame 100%. LOL
The only sabotage was Obama and you pathetic Democrats who allowed ObamaCare to pass w/o READING IT! And hurting millions of Americans w/...
, I think it's time for Donald #Trump to be put on #TRIAL for continually misleading Americans.
About what? You make statements so general and vague that only sheeple agree. Gotta make your case young lady. It's done with specifics.
Put him #underoath and start asking questions.

https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/06/23/opinion/trumps-lies.html …

@rlm_articles @SenFeinstein @SenKamalaHarris @sfchronicle
You must be very young. With youth comes naivety, singlemindedness, and little knowledge of history. That's not a slam on you. U Liv u learn
With history at my fingertips via the internet. It's hardly an issue. @rlm_articles 

Please curb your need to be #condescending.
I felt the same at ur age. Older doesn't make me superior, it only offers a different perspective. Our mantra was never trust any 1 over 30.
You are to blame for millions having high deductibles and losing their good coverage you’re a joke lady and so is harris
Premium increases falls on every Democrat for voting yes to ACA ObamaCare.
You did not include capping insurance premiums.
You FAILED us.
says u with russian flag emoji - tootle loo - blocked
Wait a minute you already killed US when u voted 4 Ovomitcare! Stop lying we're sick of it Feinstein!
Again talking and tweeting. What are you and Congress doing to stop this lawlessness? NOT ENOUGH!
Tell that to the GOP which has done nothing but suppress any bipartisan talks.
Democrats have been trying to foster bipartisanship for years. It was McConnel who began the scorched earth obstruction campaign.
Democrats have plenty of ideas on how to fix Obamacare, but Republicans are so consumed by REPEAL hysteria that they refuse to listen.
FALSE!  This political BS! Obamacare was designed to continue to raise premiums, Out of Pocket deductions and minimize services.
No those were decisions the insurance companies made. If congress made the entire healthcare system non-profit we would have no increases
Then you weren't involved in the writing of the ACA. You are poorly informed. The insurance companies wrote the ACA approved by Congress
That's what I was saying. In the end Congress/Senate will have only one choice left a non-profit system, top to bottom minus salaries
Are you saying Socialize Healthcare? All you need to do is take a look at any Indian reservation IHS (Indian Health Services).
You know who does it right? Canada, Germany, Etc. Indian res HC is Bad example, just another way we've screwed them over for centuries.
You need to live on a reservation for a while to understand how Bad Socialized healthcare and Socialism truly is. It Destroys Success!
In order for some to be successful, other's must pay the price. How about we allow both and each person can choose which HC they want
The Senators are very intelligent people, students  of policy, & dedicated public servants. Trump is a golfing, tweeting, Fox watching bigot
Did you write about all the people whos premiums doubled or lost insurance under obama care?? No, thats right cuz they were legal citizens
So why isn't something being done.The ACA is the law of the land.Trump has a constitutional duty to faithfully execute the ACA. Impeachable.
This is a BIG deal and I wish more ppl would talk about it. I'm for single payer but people still must have insurance security.
telling us who and where and how much to pay, who to see, and if we can even have a procedure. Didnt happen did it u loser! Now we're ...
Both of u r a danger 2 our country. Kamala was bribed by Steve Mnuchin so shes corrupted as hell. Dianne dont even bother u r bein primaried
How do we combat Trump on this matter? Contact senators and congressmen and get their ideas on how to combat this problem.
U both are two Anti-American WITCHES trying to take away our 1st Amendment http://sonorannews.com/2017/06/27/house-resolution-257-senate-resolution-118-criminalize-freedom-speech/ … Res118 was passed https://twitter.com/rejialex7/status/897817404377632769 …
fighting back and getting the healthcare WE want. NOT what u losers want! and WE will get it. So dream on all u want. WE won. U lost!
win the Presidency, get rid of it, and voile, Single Payer Healthcare.  20% of our economy controlled by do nothing bureaucrats like you...
and your party sabotaged it so it would go to Single Payer! This is exactly why you all passed it.  So it would crumble. Hillary would ...
Republicans, just like you are right now! ...Not one idea or policy . Not one compromise. Nt a finger lifted to help them.  So , no YOU ...
Thank you, Senators. Please call for impeachment.
Like Russian Czar, "City of Bones, P>Rico becomes "Island of Bones"
As 2 powerful women, please help us impeach that unqualified, mean, narcissist in the White House. He's over-the-edge insane. Dangerous.
So, we keep Obamacare. This is ALL on Democrats and RINO's
Resist Trump at all costs is killing Dems nationally. 2018 is going to be epic for Republicans.
"But we have to pass the [ACA] bill so you can find out what's in it!"
How Obamacare Destroyed The Middle Class In One Chart | Zero Hedge
Impeach trump now
@hilted30 @SenKamalaHarris @sfchronicle while distracted w/@realDonaldTrump BS @Gop let lapse CHIP HC 4 millions of children
and also just did to Student Loans
What a shameful disgrace that whole Cabinet of Louis XVI is
Trump is the antichrist. I wasnt religious till he came along. Keeeerist it says right in the bible that an asshole would emerge...
And that the moronic unhappy dumbfucks would flock to him. Well...time to pray folks...he's here, and hes gonna start WW3 if he can.
Please lord, strike down this orange asshole. We dont need a bolt of lightning...a chunk of well done steak lodged sideways in the aorta plz
Insurance brings people together! But Trump yhrows them apart. #TheRealTruth #trumppresidency a failure
Please, please, please get rid of him.  He will go down as the worst president in history. Most likely including the next 400 years.
Trump needs to go.
You knew ACA was imperfect. Why didn't you continue working on it to tweak it's many imperfections? My dr. doesn't participate in ACA.
They are. But the gop majority tried to destroy the ACA in case you have not noticed.
He and the republicans can't beat the ACA, so Trump is trying to sabotage it.
My Senators, yes!!!  Both brilliant and hard working.
What about “I’m going to let it implode on itself” did people in Washington not get?  Then blame will be passed back to Dem.
@SenFeinstein, of SF, California ; @SenKamalaHarris Saturday Evening Baseball
Why is Trump's impeachment taking so long. Trump will destroy this country soon.
I read the article and missed where you advocated for #singlepayer, the only real solution for the country.
Senator fashistein supports police nanny state...
Is POTUS45 not to faithfully execute the laws of the US, is not the ACA a law of the US, is POTUS45 not in violation of his sworn duty?
He is doing it on purpose, then he will say the ACA is crashing or hopeless.
REPUBLICANS ARE CULPABLE TOO!
Could you write about the many dangers posed by trump's entire Presidency? #impeach45
Please don't let him destroy our country!!!! PLEASE!!!!
Shame on Congress & Senate for allowing Trump to treat Americans like they are nothing! He needs to be impeached right now!
Sept. 30th,2017 Saturday , @GarletterLee 
What about the dangers imposed by Brown and the Dems in Ca? Fix Ca borders, clean up crime and empower YOUR people. Do your Job!!!!!
More anti-American propaganda to promote communism in America - Look & Learn which group led the communist revolution in Russia!
Sen Kamala Harris allowed an innocent guy to be locked in prison by a CORRUPT DA,  trust her? Senator Feinstein has done wonderful things .

I will wait for a different publication to report - thanks
They must be held accountable for dereliction of duty & reckless endangerment @NancyPelosi @CNN @msbnc @nytimes @chrislhayes @ddiamond
Coming from you. Bias. False statement
It's so beneath you. To blame someone for something you democrats created.
But neither of you did anything to help the problem. Just sat back and criticized
Oh yea, he needs to sabotage a sinking ship...you think all people are so stupid.
Such a liar
What can be done about this?
That's say alot coming from you and Harris!
Hey Feinstein why don't you get on Obama care
I know U don't like hearing this @SenFeinstein @SenKamalaHarris but Dem's ACA  failure from drop.  my premiums have dbled no coverage 4 me
Oh please
How can you blame Trump for ACA? How about a improved bipartisan healthcare plan and repeal ACA?I don't care about a legacy, I want results!
Trump had nothing to do with it.  It was imploding well before.  Insurers leaving in droves, rising premiums,  it was doomed to fail.
Speaking of health care, Tom Price just resigned as head of the HHS. Now it’s time to really drain the swamp
Kate Steinle no longer has the ability to write or dream. Doesn't that even remotely disturb you?

Democrats DESTROYED HealthCare for 200 Million Americans, so 8 Million FREELOADERS & ILLEGALS could have free insurance 
Because 8 million people do not have Obamacare. Obamacare is not a "thing" like Medicare or Medicaid, it is a regulatory regime.
You passed the ObamaScare Nightmare. Retire, just go away, you've stollen enough.
What have you done in your political career of any note? Seriously, what?  California should recall you.
Kate Steinle, unfortunately, will never have her voice heard. She'd tell us.
Nice try Sen Feinstein. Obamacare insurance costs were already rising before Trump. Dems had 7 years to fix it but did nothing.
#repeal Obamacare #stopobstructing
Because of dual Disneys & dueling oranges, always thought of CA&FL as sister states. Please encourage >Zika prep in FL&PR now.
Florida yes. Dem leadership in CA. have all the answers, like bringing Kate Steinle back to life. Plus, they want secession anyway.
No, they were going up anyway! Don't blame our President for Obamacare crisis!
Why isn't he dealt with in a speedy Impeachment Processing
It is time to hold him responsible for sabotage! Can't congress do something!  Health care,Puerto Rico ,DACA ,& Korea he is killing us!
The #Democrats passed #Obamacare, and average #premiums increased over 150%, BEFORE #Trump took office. https://aspe.hhs.gov/system/files/pdf/256751/IndividualMarketPremiumChanges.pdf …
Because insurance companies bought off most republicans & some democrats and they continue sabotaging. Google is your friend. DUH
Trump continues to sabotage & destabilize ACA - GOP signaling there will be no regular order for hlthcare reform. Expect GOP push soon...
Expect thoughtful ideas, pup. And read the president's latest EO.
How is this even legal
This Administration is getting people killed by there own lack of actions. At what point will the House and Senate say enough
You have obstructed any plans by the GOP because the #ACA was so great.  Well you have what you wanted.
IMPEACH
Managed care insurers are starting to lay people off. Gotta keep those profit margins up and say adios to jobs and access to care!
No one is sabotaging Obamacare.  It was touted as self sustaining and now it is failing of it's own accord.  #repealobamacare
For the last month I've been hearing you say vote no on repeal and replace on a hc dems created... geesh
Do you guys accept responsibility for anything
But Nancy says Obamacare is working
Sounds more like it's your own fault!
Trump delay,  omg... seriously... the Democrats are the ones who created this mess and also the ones who wouldn't work with Republicans
You told all your people to vote no on repeal-and-replace so you got what you wanted you won
We aren't paying you to complain  so go get work done.  What have u done ALL these yrs for US? .....crickets
How do you protest active sabotage of the health care system by your own government?  These actions are just as effective as Graham-Cassidy.
Suggest you play ball with @POTUS instead of Dimms obstructing everything!
