Absolutely and those that deny also deny God
Lol yeah right honey
I see you don’t follow enough ,aren’t followed enough and have no substance to offer ,except blindly believe 45 and he could care less For U
Says you
Me and most
Only in your circle.
My circle is most of America ..check the stats..get informed
Maybe if you live in California or New York
Fat trump has blundered into giving the resistance a hero.
Get rid of democrats would be better.
There are also criminally staying in the U.S.
DACA also has many that commit crimes & go back to Mexico regularly & they fly the Mexican flag in America. #DrainTheSwamp #BuildTheWall
You may remember all the German people who spoke out against Hitler and no one listened. It’s happening again. Please help
Oh so dramatic. Stop listening to fake news and you will be ok.
Thank you for your leadership on this issue. It is an economic as well as moral one.  California is deeply prejudiced by current policy.
You are the dreamer
.@SenFeinstein Why are you trashing America’s youth like this? What’s wrong with you? Protip: Trashing America went out with Obama.
Even though they tell American how much they hate us & the land is theirs already? I vote End DACA Now!
This is not a thankful dreamer. End DACA Now.
FUCK daca send their ass back they new it was temp they didn't try to get papers so I don't want to hear them cry now
Legal immigrants have children who are aging out of the system and not one word abt them. Not just, not fair. Follow law & be left out.
some are ................some are nothing but a drain on our economy
DACA people saying, “Hola America”
No
Cute? This is going to be a thug. END DACA NOW.
Dreamers or Users? END DACA NOW.
Don't forget the thieves, rapists, murderers.  Hard to imagine among all the #DACA  that none are criminals. All you politicians r a waste
Hell 2 undocumented immigrants was elected into Congress google it
The president should tell them America is the only country you know and yet didn't get papers well now were sending u on vacation
I will take my chances on the generations of young people born here and not getting handouts
What about backlogged legal immigrants and their children going to the right way? Wait is many decades long. Excluded from #dreamact
DACA youth represent the best? What about my legal offspring? They don't represent the best? Why not?
When can Chicago youth be leader's.
So American citizens don’t represent the best of the next generation? Glad to know your not for these kids put at a disadvantage
Seriously? We need this? No, END DACA Now.
I share you're support of successful #DACA youth. Yet 30% have been criminals, so we have to be careful, and asess what causes their crime.
Diane they are Illegaly here they will be Ejected forcefully if Need be come here Legally or not at All get that Straight JFK 2 SDD
From an admin position, the DACA kids are mostly deplorable.  Our schools are failing because of these low lifes.   You really don't know?
Yep I live here the leaders here are the worst . God help us if they get control of Washington again!
Your parents break and enter you don't get to stay
What about our youth?2nd class citizens bcause they R Americans? What's wrong w/you?illegals first,discriminating Americans&legal citizens
Why didn’t  50k+DACA folks register before the Deadline to register passed?
How about 600,000 illegals in our State & Federal Prisons!!!
Youth are being brainwashed in our colleges.  If you're not liberal you're the enemy. Quit helping backing that theory.
I guess everyone but true American citizens matter to you and your fellow liberal idiots!! Do us all a favor and go home for God’s sake!!!!
You're kidding, right?! The best of the next generation?! The next generation is in big trouble. You're not helping.
But they are not Americans.  The brighest Chinese students represent China's future, but Dreamers are not Americans, let them apply 4 USA
If we keep them, u & ur dem colleagues must provide a list of laws OK for citizens to violate. Illegal immigrant = against the law!
#EndDACA! #ChangeLives!!CangeMexico!!  Send your petitions and protest to Nieto to do his job!! Help millions not a few...
62 million VOTERS said NO.
Wrong Sen Feinstein.  The next generation of America are American citizens, not illegal aliens. DACA should leave to help their own country.
Their story is one of how to smuggle across borders and have leaders like you who condone such law breaking activties. #EndDACA and illegal
Yep but we know the insane idiot running the asylum isn’t going to allow POC human rights. He’s proving this by the hour now. #25thamendment
Why are we depriving Mexico of their amazing success??
Stay in a sanctuary state - peliosi and Feinstein will take care of you
Really?Have U seen the profane vulgar &rude DACA protesters?Like yesterday blocking streets in LA? Their sense of entitlement is disgusting!
And 30k neglected to submit their paperwork on time so at least the problem is getting a little smaller...
So you have sponsored or cosponsored a bill to make DACA residents permanent? Let's cut the talk and get to the do part. Git er done!
You are a sick woman! You don't care one bit about our American born dreamers! I pray that your state don'y get any fed $$$
Oh so the youth of America is stupid and we go down the toilet without a few dreamers? Even though many have dropped out of high school?
So #DACA youth are better than the next generation of US citizens? If they are the best, where do you rank next generation of US citizens ?
US taxpayers' $$ are being spent on these #DACA illegals. Of course they won't admit it but they are given preference over Americans.
So, native-born American youth are inferior to the children of illegal immigrants?
And you are on the Senate Intelligence Committee!
The best of the next generation? No love for locals?
Duh, Dianne? Your IQ must be -45. LEGAL CITIZENS EARN THEIR CITIZENSHIP.  Figure it out or shut up!
Wish you were this outraged with the high premiums caused by the aca.
American youth are the true leaders and deserve a gov't that works for them and not illegals! American's 1st! Not benefit sucking illegals!
No, their success is going to be the success of whichever country they find themselves in when Trump kicks them out because he will.
You better rethink your statement.... Dianne !!! What about  the" legal American generation " what do they represent ??
Of all the things that could be done to stop illegal immigration,  attacking this group is absolutely the wrong choice.
Please pass the Dream Act so that we can tell the world that America does know how to make good decisions.
Trumps tax cuts are no good. It no longer requires affirmative action, veterans incentives, or holiday jobs.
You don't even listen do you. Without tax cuts America as you know it goes bye bye.
So why haven't the majority become citizens?
no they are votes for the looser dems
Success of foreign nationals invading America is not our success but our failure to safeguard our nation and its people.
It's disgusting how you do everything just for votes very selfish and greedy
Life of a current politician... Sucks. "Representation" went away long ago. Just follow the money.
Isn't is a shame Congress has legal immunity while in session?  They are so prosecutable for dereliction of duty, sedition, perjury, & more.
Too much
Deport them all including DACA
Sen. Feinstein: So your tweet means the youth of America are less than DACA people. Our kids are not doers and thinkers. US kids not best.
Send the "schemers" back to their home country, and their parents to prison for illegal smuggling of foreign nationals.
Let the left push this issue into the election and watch them get pummeled again.the dnc =flag burners kneelers and illegals come first
One would almost think you care more about your possible future constituents than you do about your present, taxpaying, ones.
They aren’t Youth. Get in line with everyone else who is trying to do it legally. No special favors, no free handouts.
Ah yes in the Townhall held by Nancy Pelosi they were shining examples as I recall, oh wait she had to leave they refused to let her speak
Doubt it..lawbreakers are ok by the DNC..
The hypocrisy is amazing law makers telling illegals its ok to break the laws.losers  platform
ReallyHard enough 2 keep up w/ thugs inHow aboutyouthThey've been 4gotenBUILD THE WALLEnough low wages
Then US should help out the other countries in the world by deporting these leaders doers thinkers
Yeah we seen that during their little protest in CA the other day..Blocking Americans going 2 work..9 arrested. Yep..Great group!
Nice. Apparently there are not any actual young Americans considered bright and talented unless they march with Antifa?
That is a gross generalization.  You no more know that than if I said they were all criminals.  O actually im right they are all criminals.
Okay so we can deport all the ones that aren’t leaders, thinkers and doers and don’t represent the best of the next generation. #thanks
Yes, and many are bilingual, which will be a great contribution to our culture as it grows into the future.
We need to get over our fear of foreign languages.  If anything, we ought to study them. One who speaks two languages speaks doubly.
What about the youth that's American are you saying there is something wrong with them really they are Illegal they are breaking the law
Acknowledged: @SenFeinstein of CALIFORNIA
Their illegal right Dianne
The best or the replacement for Americans with R values! You gathering your army? Better hurry budget is passing! Treason?
Leaders, thinkers and doers obey the laws, Di.

A new study shows illegal immigration costs American taxpayers a stunning $134.9 *billion* - each & every year!
http://jwatch.us/V2fFX2 
Keep them in your Sanctuary State 
The rest of the country would like to see their children achieve success as US Citizens first #MAGA 
So are our unborn American children but you are quick to make sure that mudering them is ok
The "best."  Don't ever let anyone tell you your politics are subjective and emotionally driven & not based on facts and logic.
Their success should be individual success. Stop propping up stealing my money dammit!
except when they're blocking traffic protesting.....
