Time to retire Senator Feinstein!  Let someone young, energetic with fresh ideas take your place! #MAGA
Just what we need. A young idiot who doesn't know what he's doing. Oh wait, we have an old clueless idiot running the country. Special!
..who arranged Public Health pay for the surgery, if "living as a woman" for 1-year? you?
re: The Woman's Shelter in San Francisco.
Why aren't you fighting just as hard for our Veterans? You're just another life long DC Swamp Dwelling Obstructionist !
Feinstein you know deep down in your heart President Trump does not discriminate. Just get to work and work for the American people.
Feinstein you and your party are so pathetic get to work,that's what us taxpayer pay you for and your party.
What have you done since that?
You couldnt fight your way out of a peper bag. All members of defunct congress are a joke.
we know because you put down coal steel auto worker out of work you fight for that,now tell the truth....
What about my rights as a woman? I have to see a mans balls in my gym because he mentally identifies as a woman? You're disgusting! #resign
RETIRE ALREADY
Thank you
How do we move from shock/exhaustion 2 IMPEACHMENT?
#NoSalute45 @POTUS FRAUD violates all military Standards of Conduct (duty/honor/country)
With all due respect, Senator, the only letter with signatures on it I'm interested in seeing is the official resolution to #ImpeachTrump
Thank you Senator, but what about Kushner's security clearance? Russia probably has all of secrets by now...
Both the Alt Left Hate Group Antifa & The KKK are democratic fascist supremacy groups both motivated by hatred.
He isn't gonna listen to ignorance like yourself did you fight Hillary or bill when they were against the or LGBT so called community
Unfortunately Dianne, far too often protecting the rights of the LGBT community is done at the expense of rights for people of faith.
thank you
U right, I wonder why every1 neva fight real issues disrupting humanity as you mentioned a few above among hundreds BUT live to fight Trump!
Stay focused on the Russia investigation. It's not new that trump is a hateful bigot.  The Mueller investigation & facts are most important.
It's not discrimination it's truth gays and transgender people are intellectually challenged that's a fact no matter how you look at it
Yeah and so are you.
Great, can we PLEASE start the impeachment and removal of Trump & his administration! If we don't America will become Nazi Germany.
Thank you Senator for fighting for us all.
Trump is unhinged + unfit for office, IMPEACH!!!!
Sen Feinstein sticks to issues she thinks are important. She doesn't rant & rave for media approbation. She does her job with style & grace.
She is just a mouthpiece for badly needed votes for her failure party.
She's an excellent representative then.Now, Pelosi thinks of herself as a backroom brawler. Don't care for her at all. Like mad Maxine!
Yeah, the fact Maxine's party doesn't call her out on her ridiculousness does not bode well for the Dems in #2020.
Some are talking about her taking over Pelosi's job. I hope that's a joke. The grim twins?
That would just be one more case for their total insanity, and one more step closer for #MAGA2020
Oh, yeah. Queen Maxine likes the spotlight and will do and say  just about anything outrageous to stay in it. 
Please get us out of this nightmare. Impeach him.
please contact your Representative -- any impeachment process starts at the House of Representatives! :)
You should be more concerned with Bill Clinton gave nukes to N Korea Obama gave them to Iran we are on verge of nuclear war
your post is a lie
My hill 2 die on ~ #NoSalute45
The morally bankrupt 
@realDonaldTrump should have been Disqualified BEFORE Party Nom! @GOP @DeptofDefense 
Unite The Right' Bottom Feeders includes @POTUS 'I Alone' & 'I Am Your Voice' ~ emboldens 917 Hate Groups! #IMPEACHMENTNOW 
#NoSalute45
Thank you. Sessions is doing Trumps and unfortunately his own bidding. Sessions is pure racist and bigot. Head of DOJ, deplorable.

.@SenFeinstein @realDonaldTrump is "discriminatory" AND: Abusive, Assaulting & Inflammatory 4 self-gratification/promotion
#NoSalute45 
Thank you
Thank you Senator Feinstein!
Thank you for ALL you do.
Thank you, Senator!
Fienstein is obstructing justice while she pretends to investigate Republicans. Reprobate, Traitor, closet homo fraud!!!
Someone like you


Also read the following.all on Amazon you need re educate
Dear Dianne,please read National Preservation or National Perversion .out on Amazon.We will stand America is sick of your immoral perversion
Like it or not your swamp will be drained your base is leaving you
Thank you
#fakenews #propaganda #Id10T
Senator Feinstein thinks her job is to run propaganda ops against the President, rather than to investigate & legislate.
If a US Attorney looked through NSA wiretaps of Feinstein, could she be indicted?    Does she care if NSA has blackmail material on her?
Feb 2017. 3 men jumped me. One said there was no room for fags in Trump's America
there is no discrimination.  all bs
LOL. Go for their votes.
Glad Feinstein has not been in charge of our military.   Wish she would stop forcing her nutty ideas on real Americans
so far as ANYONE knows, the Dept. of Defense has not expedited the Tweeted Edict? Tweet Tweet, Tweet Tweet, Tweet Tweet Tweet!
Thank you.
but Dryhump's gonna use the $$$$ saved doing this to fund his ACA Replacement program... no, wait.... #DumpTrump2020!
Excellent.
Time to vote your ass out. DNC FRAUD LAWSUIT
Thank you for fighting on behalf of equality, dignity, and civil rights. We will remember!
Please continue to fight this, not right.
Newsflash Trump is not against LGBT people he never has been.
This issue? You'll fight Trump on anything he does.
Obstruct. It's what you do.
Unite America! It's what you refuse to do.
Dems NEED You Dem Leaders to have a news conf & Forcefully Denounce Everything this SO-Called 'president' stands for; been Silent TOO Long
@SpeakerRyan Trump can speak out and enact legislation against LGBTQ, but he can't speak out against Putin, Duke and White Supremacy!
Thank you for your hard work and keep fighting for all Americans who try to achieve positive goals! #impeachtrump #lovenothate
They shall not bear false witness against the neighbor.
Thank you!!
Please STOP the identity politics. You are losing this argument by exploiting hate groups to act out!!
Why don't you address the traffic blockages in your backyard on HWY580? Because you are afraid of the nutcases that have you in their pocket
Ugh!! Enough with the "fights".  You are all being so ridiculous.
Grow up Dianne...oops...That explains it...you are now shrinking...

Thank you.
The transgenders have a lot of talent, however the military cannot afford such distractions.
But letting illegals that kill run free in your sanctuary cities ok
Democrats are getting desperate
Another lie feinstein no wonder your party is bankrupt
Please retire Senator, you have just become predictable and tired.
You have been such a true friend of & fighter for the #LGBTQ community since the 70's you are a Lioness of the Senate 
You/we are fighting on so many fronts it is hard to focus our force behind just one. You are going strong & I thank you for being there!
What's wrong with you he campaign on rights for LBGT
They only listen to #FakenewsCNN . What can you expect from the fools?
He has never been against LGBT. 
Trans in the military is an expensive issue. 
I agree with him on no
It does seem the opposition does not get their news in a fair and balanced manner. @POTUS has never been against the #GAY community.
Senators,  we salute you.
Thank you, Sen Feinstein.  Stay on it, keep after him.  We are behind you.
And Discrimination against the conservatives? What makes something right just because the left says it's right. WhT is yer moral authority?
please fight him on trying to take credit for Obama's and YOUR accomplishments. He's a disgrace.
What news are you reading? LOL Never would he want to take credit for 8 years of failure .
Not the sharpest person around.
Living in the Ivory Tower....



Get him OUT OF OFFICE NOW!
But they also need support for they have a higher chance of suicide because they seem to care to much truth
History will call you one of the Heroes
#LMFAO
Thank you!!!
Is there an official letter posted listing all the hate groups by name that you have denounced? I'd like to post it, thank you!
What where is this coming from. Dreaming stuff up?
Mam, what happened to George is a sin against the Creator and EVERYTHING THIS NATION IS SUPPOSED TO STAND FOR. @AONNRecords
Good for you. Won't do any good.
And by the way, why hasn't that little weasel said a word?
Because nobody has written a speech for him. He's brain dead.
