@charles_gaba nor can the rest of us. It's why the house bill only had 17% approval. The senate bill will be the same. STOP IT
the American people are ready for #MedicareForAll, are you?
Nor should you. Tell Franken he needs to get off the no Pence train; first DT then Pence - excuse me, yes, yes, I have the order right
Stand strong and WE, THE PEOPLE will stand beside you!!
Why don't you support Medicare for all?
@ltlbowtie why not it's what all of you do. Filthy millionaires. Public servant my ass
Wow I wish I was a Millionaire!
I apoligize senator. It's just so screwed up and I know a lot of ppl are feeling horrified by what's going on in dc

Thank you Senator!
it's flat out cruel & it's murder,peoples lives will be lost,we don't turn r backs on the weakest in America...sickening
Karen ( I support Paul Ryan’s Medicare)Handel will strip medicare from citizens in GA's 
6th. We do not need another fat jawed politician.
Maintain highways and boarders. If you ever get that right then maybe talk about health care #termlimits#maga
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you Senator.
SENATOR FEINSTEIN IT MAKES NO SENSE! TO BE FOR THE RICH ;AT THE EXPENSE OF THE ELDERLY AND POOR!
WHILE CONGRESS KEEPS THEIR IN HOUSE PLATINUM MEDICAL CARE COVERAGE WITHOUT REGARD TO PRE-EXISTING CONDITIONS.
BET THEY GET THEIR EPI-PENS FREE AT THEIR OWN IN HOUSE PHARMACY TOO:
CONGRESS MEDICAL CARE PERKS:
It would be interesting to contrast Americans killed by terror vs how many will die by nonexistent health care and poverty.
@SenFeinstein please help get our country back and stop the coup!
Well, unfortunately that's what's going to happen. The fall out from desperate people doing desperate things should boost news ratings.
Thank You for continuing to stand up for us.
The omission is the worst kind of lie
Thank you! I am disabled with limited income.
These two words should never! be in the same sentence Trump _ Care. Never!!
Simmer down Feinstein; you are one of he richest in this country. All on your constituents dime. What a hypocrite.
Aren't you exempt from the Obama led insurance scam against we the people? What insurance card is in your wallet?  #Exempt
and please do tell the people your net worth while being on a senators salary? Please, we'll be waiting. Tick tock..
The same OLD Feinstein with the same OLD comments. It's not working. See results from the election.
He is a disgrace to the American people. How can WE believe our government when it doesn't WORK in the best interest of the people?
Thank you Senator!
And please let your GOP colleagues know we are watching them too
Truly disgraceful on our part. I see patients every day who have strokes bc can't get BP meds.
#lametweet #noshitsherlock
Thank you! @SenFeinstein
Thank you for your support of #WeThePeople
Thank you Senator for standing up for the average American.
Who could! Oh right, the GOP. All the more reason for people to #FireTheGOP before it's too late. #republicare #Trumpcare
I am a californian and i support our President  Trump
http://www.cnbc.com/2017/06/01/the-trump-tax-on-health-care-commentary.html …
Thank you, Senator Feinstein. Now what's this I hear about the Trump Tax on healthcare that could raise premiums to drive out the ACA?
But you can see enriching big pharmacy and insurance.
let us know when you stop exempting yourself from the plan you force on us
#Trumpcare 
#RESISTANCE
The operative word is ANOTHER tax cut.
Let's hope most Americans can't support this cruel healthcare plan that just makes the rich richer. Most of us would have to do without.
Neither can #WeThePeople
Nor do you feel compelled to bless "hard-working and underpaid" Americans with healthcare like you have, right? #DislikeDianne
We need universal healthcare ! We be able to afford it if people weren't taking kick backs from big pharma
Support single payer!
Thank you! I can't believe after my husband served in the military he is looking at his healthcare being cut!
Elderly choice is Hospice not real care!
Thank you for standing up for what's right. We love you
Diane you're one of the richest in the world you're a very rich Democrat you make your War on the opportunity that every American should hav
But you ok with your health care and retirement package and the poor suffer....speak out of both ends with your actions.
Fight back fight back fight back. Now. Save  help!!!!
natural selection, honey
Wow, you could also be talking about the English election. Swap #trumpcare for #maydoesntcare and you're spot on.
Thank you for caring about the people in this country and for the people of our state. Keep fighting, we are with you.
It's hard to believe anyone can but that is how the rich get richer. Selfish greed creates a two-class system which is where we are heading.
Thank you Diane!! Fight for us 
And that is why I keep voting for you. Keep up the good work!
You also can't support support single-payer. But you can support war. Please retire so we can get REAL democrats back in office!
Oldest narrative ever that is not the purpose or why its done. I can't support more debt for your family to gain wealth
Ty me either. 
TY! but we need UniversalHealthcare for all! SB562 please Why do u think other countries have it Healthcare is a human right #quitblockingit
Instead of saying it can't work we need to address problems saying 
How can we make it work!!
thank you for your continued efforts!!!  wishing more Senators would speak out as loudly as you do 
it is obscene
thank you. Save health care
The cuts are immoral
#trumpcare is just 1 simple a term 4 his entire agenda which is called #wealthcare.... all he cares about is top 2%. All policies show it.
But you still can oppose #SinglePayer, right? Love that insurance company lobbyist money, don't ya?
But you have no problem seeing health care premiums and deductibles Triple do you? I don't want to subsidize other people's"
health care.
Republicans don't mind scaring the disabled, minorities, and senior citizens. They govern out of intimidation and fear mongering.
Thank you, Sen Feinstein!
Thank you, please stand firm for us!
Thank you Senator Feinstein, keep it up.
Support single payer!
Take profit, advertising, lobbying, campaign contributions out out of healthcare!
How much did you get from Ins. Cos?
Thank you Senator Feinstein for having ethics and a moral compass!
And too much insurance company lobbying money to stand up for the People and #SinglePayer.
Thank You; Good Tuesday Sen.Dianne Feinstein of S.F.California
The human beings in District #CA45 would really like to hear @RepMimiWalters address this with us. Or anything else. Hiding in shame, sad.
Hear hear
CA taxes its middle class to the death. Why no outrage there?!
Then why do you actively work to block single payer. (Because you can't support slashing health insurer profits?)
Why spread lies and fear monger? No ideas just throw stones
#TrumpRussia  is all that matters.  No policy debate on any issue can proceed until resolved.

Here's a little tweet storm on aging in America, Medicare, Medicaid, nursing homes, elder care and cancer.  #AHCA
Impeach
But you do support illegals living off responsible W2 workers in #CA #DoYourJob & #RESIGN
idiot
#WealthCare
Stand your ground -- OUR ground!
#ACAworks
Are Republicans suicidal?
I hope they are.
IMPEACH HIM YO
