Guess you haven't been paying attention for the last 7 yrs. Premiums have been going up every year despite what you promised.
Planned PH should NOT be funded by tax dollars!!!!
Please urge all Senators to vote no on this bill. Paul Ryan will never have a conference to debate this bill. This is not good for people
It's not good for me, I work for a living, you should to
The only truth in that tweet is defunding Planned Parenthood. #CaliPatriots
How's this teach people to take Responsibility  for themselves, as it should be!
8 pages of death, pain & devistation. When did the Republicans loose their souls.
Just give me your plan!! Oh wait I pay for your Cadillac Plan so I can't afford mine!!!
Don't have kids if you can't afford it  defund it
Defunding planned parenthood is good
Sorry, but no.
I think it is.
I think you have 22 followers, no profile pic & a high probability of being a troll.
If not, you're also in danger of losing your healthcare
Losing my 1800+ health care with ridiculous deductibles. Gee thanks
It's saved my grandson's life, and my sister, two friends of mine. I grew up in the UK & Sweden (USAF, dad) Their HC is better than ours +
When I could afford insurance it was good.
Lies All lies, why don't even ONE of you Dems tell the real truth, the true facts. This is why you'll never win again.  Lies!
But @SenateGOP will pass it anyway. They said they would do this. It is no surprise. Does not make it less of a moral outrage however
The only out rage is you stealing money out of my wallet, quit begging get a job!
It's right there, in the actual text of the bill. With words. Small words.
I read it. All 2500 pages of it. Because healthcare is immeasurable complex, and length does not equate with badness. And it saved lives.
If planned Parenthood has money to donate to Political campaigns, THEY DON'T NEED GOVERNMENT FUNDING! NOPE

I am not supporting any of it. Till you clean commies out of our gov i am not interested in seeing anything voted on.
What we need is Election Finance Reform. Congress would have to answer to constituents.
There is more than election finance reform called for here in response to these traitors. These clowns have weakened all law for this coup.
This makes me sick to my stomach....kinda like election night. The GOP just doesn't care at all.
Apparently you don't care about those who pay for it, and carry the load on their backs
Obamacare will need to be autopsied. Please tell us how it benefited the American people. You are still more concerned about legacy than USA
Thank you Senator Feinstein for representing California so well!!! Keep up the great work!
Planned parenthood kills babies
Pretty disgusting
No! No! No!
Americans should punish with their vote the Senators who would vote for this.
The only one being punished is the working class, not many of us left, get an extra job!
This is just disgusting. I can't even believe this. The @SenateGOP has proven that they will put party over anything including people.
It's not party over people, it's CASH over country
Both seem to be the case these days
Planned Parenthood is a murder machine I don't give a  rat's ass about Planned Parenthood it should not be funded with Tax dollars.
Choosing not to buy insurance that has been forced on them and loosing insurance are two different numbers! What are those numbers in CA?
Well, Kalifornia is still leaving right? So no, you guys are good
Let's take a big donation to Planned Parenthood out of your sizeable income and leave taxpayers alone!
: Yeah, whatever. Blah, blah, blah.
How dare this gets voted on in the dead of the night. Why not sleep on a decision that impacts 1/6 of the economy?!?
PLEASE the waivers are not allowed unless they get 60 yes votes
Oh no! People will no longer have to buy a crappy product just because you tell us we have to or pay a fine! What ever will politicians do?


Counting on you and @SenKamalaHarris to do the right thing and vote no for the people of this country. Fix the #ACA instead. #CA39
Thank you for fighting for us and for keeping us informed!
Sounds like a good start.
Thank you for your no vote.
Thank you, Senator Feinstein, for fighting to #ProtectOurCare. Stay strong tonight and keep going. Lives at stake!
Thank you for your opposition. I've asked my red-state friends to call their senators (again) so they join your side of the vote.
I'm disgusted by this Reader's Digest condensed version of a government we now have.  Totally out of context, insufficient and dumbed-down.

Please continue to fight the good fight. Thank you, @SenFeinstein !
This must be stopped!
STOP THIS PLEASE! FOR MY FAMILY... PLEASE!
Urge a no vote please
Bob Casey just showed portions on his acct. It's worse than I thought. This takes away national response for outbreaks, epidemics too.
gotta be born to give a shit, eh?
Lie
This is what RU gvnmt always does to their people: steal from them explaining it's for their own good.
Can we get a full copy of the
why is @SenatorEnzi allowed to ramble on and on
@maddezmom Including loss of coverage for some people w/ employer based ins. Even without ACA, this could affect you next year
Fight them tooth and nail!!
Hold the line. Don't let the Republicans push this through.
Please vote NO
I hope it goes in our favor pls! 
Please work on your Republican friends to vote No on this.
Yahhoo!!
Why should we be funding Planned Parenthood and then they contribute to Democrats.  How about we fund the NRA with tax dollars?
20% per year, correct?
Don't tweet rally the troops go across the aisle yell scream if you have too! @SenSchumer @SenateDems
Flip a vote !
And they are considering putting their trust in the most corrupt Congress in modern history. If they don't vote no they all gotta go!

I'm fine with defunding PP, your redistribution caused more ppl to loose their insurance, because they couldn't afford it any longer
Vote NO! @SenBobCasey @SenToomey @SenWarren @lisamurkowski  @SenJohnMcCain @SenDeanHeller SHAME on @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr !
Western PA is watching. Will you vote Yes 4 care you wouldn't take? Shame! @SenBobCasey @SenToomey  @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr
Eight pages?  That's all we're worth?
Democrats Are Forcing Socialized Medicine down our throats, only to take financial control over citzens
Only 8 million are on Obama care. Typical lies about that failed program.
VOTE NO!!
VOTE YES!
Stay strong Senator. Thanks for the support!
another lie from lianne feinstein
Sounds like an easy "no" vote for you and the other Democrats.  Any Republicans you can talk some sense into?
Keep fighting! Thank you for your service!
Yay! I can add paying out of pocket for my meds & prev. care to the huge pile of my going to college expenses!
16M people would quit healthcare b/c the mandatory requirement goes away. If @PPact is so popular it shouldbe funded by private donations
.The @GOPSenate and @SenateMajLdr are violating their sworn duty! They acknowledge this bill is harmful yet they will pass it?!? #impeach
8 pages is 7 1/2 more than I've got patience to read but it sounds like they hit a trifecta on this one: Hike premiums, gut coverage, ax PP!
I'm one of your San Diego constituents--please PLEASE vote against this 'skinny repeal' (and thanks for your continued work to protect us)
It's happening in your house Senator.
Outrageous! Pls continue to fight for healthcare for ALL & funding to keep the doors of Planned Parenthood open. Thank u @SenFeinstein
I thought support for PP couldn't be dropped under rules for budge reconciliation.
Thank you and god bless for all the work your doing to save many of us out here, including my child. Thank you. 
Planned parenthood get enough $$$$
I thought they couldn't defund PP without 60 votes?
Doesn't defunding PP require 60 votes?
Lock 'em all up.  They just having fun with our lives, health, & future.
Let's lock up the people to lazy to work, stop whining get a job
Do everything you can to stop this nonsense.
Can't even understand what this "bill" says! 

Confusing, like some alien language!!!!
Not like Obamacare, right
You have to pass it to see what's in it.
If passed, GOP Sens & Reps must be forced to visit every American dying/suffering w/o HC &explain why they voted YES to take away their ins.
Am I reading this correctly, is Section 102 RETROACTIVE? Could employers who did not comply w 4980H actually get their penalty $$ BACK?
Make it stop!  Please
They've copied it off the cocktail napkins onto paper?

Can we see a copy?
Oh hell no! Let's take over the Senate and House in 2018. Then the WH in 2020.
No!!!
And what happens with #preexistingconditions?! #SkinnyRepeal
I know it is dark times right now, but can't help thinking the GOP is laying the groundwork for ... single payer.
Then recommend it's stopped.  Can you guys pull it off?
Yes!! Defund Planned Parenthood!!!
GOP philosophy: cut off the nose to spite the face! Fight, Senator Feinstein!
Keep fighting for us Californians senator! This abomination must NOT pass!
If opposed vote NO!!!!! How hard is this!!! You are gambling with our lives!
thank you for voting no and not tolerating this nonsense
This is sickening!!!
#VoteNO #VoteNo #VoteNo
Why does the #GOP disdain #women so? Why don't they realize that .@PPact PROVIDES Basic AFFORDABLE HEALTH CARE FOR #Women?
What would happen if all the Democrats walked out, staged a strike, refused to vote? Took the friendly GOP Senators with them?
They could hold another sit in, hold hands and sing cumbayaa
Thank you @SenFeinstein for continuing to stand up for Americans and Planned Parenthood. Stay strong, we are counting on you.
Yes! Defund Planned Parenthood!! Obamacare premiums are horrendous and 28.2 million are still without insurance, does that matter to you?
Trump won on leaks. Hannity reports on leaks of Hilary  Hypocrites!
TELL ME THIS WHY ARE THEY IN A RUSH ?BECAUSE THE MARKETS CANNOT SHOW THESE GAINS FOR THE NEXT  6 MONTHS !TO A YEAR! THERE PLAN WILL NOTWORK
where are our dear @SenJohnMcCain and @LindseyGrahamSC ?
I thought Parlimentarian nixed PP funding cut?
#TrumpcareKills
#obamacarestillkilling
What can we do? Only 17% of Americans want a GOP bill and no one has been asked about this one. My family would be devastated by this.
NEW: CBO report on "skinny" repeal bill shows 16 million uninsured by 2026 and 20% increase in premiums every year between 2018 and 2026
Oh yeah. Defund abortion. Don't be afraid to appropriate words.
The ACA was a doomed a failure from the Start !
At the expense of Citizens,
Why are you exempted from it ?
Lose it and fix it ! Politicians!
Vote no! @RonWyden @SenJeffMerkley @SenateGOP @SenJohnMcCain @SenateMajLdr
Senator, utmost worry also at this moment is our safety! #Trump is mentally ill. Anyway 2demand #psych evaluation based on behavior? #codes
Read this people especially you Sen! You are so arrogant, you need to review the meaning of the 4th of July!!!
My premium increased to $800 a month and deductibles 12,500 cheaper to die . Your out of touch. Take a pay cut.
At least it's half as bad as ACA, and why are we wasting money on abortions when women and children need that money for healthcare.
THE ACA HAS BEEN WITH US 8 YEARS !6 MONTHS TO A YEAR WILL NOT BE A DISASTER !IN THAT TIME! WE CAN WORK ON A BILL TOGETHE! IN A BIPARTISA WAY
Kinda strange since the exchange has reported less then 12 million enrolled.Regardless what your parents said you use math ppl. You get an F
How can they even suggest such a ludicrous bill? Millions losing coverage, higher premiums, no PP?? It's not in anyone's best interest!
Has the Senate not been listening?? Every time we turn on the TV the past 6 mos all we see is people BEGGING to keep/get health care.
Kill this #SkinnyRepeal produced by the fat, privileged, and selfish Republican bunch in the Congress. They are acting like cruel butchers!
#creepybillionaire
Is that the same as 16 million are free to choose...and actually a 10% reduction in premiums vs the impending 30% current increase?
THANK YOU. And cable news is all Mooch.
Quit your Lying ! 
It is the States Duty !
Even Calif has it's own ,'Covered Calif'
The ACA was a Scam from the Start !
Read this !
Burn the bill, BURN it!
Vote no! Keep fighting @den
What's the best case scenario now, please?
I think I'm going to vomit.
#KillTheBill

Alaskans have been among the hardest hit by #Obamacare’s failure. Premiums have tripled,  more than $8,000 for the average #Alaska family. 
So out of 8 pages at least 1 will be immediately struck down by countering the Roe v. Wade decision? This is such garbage
@SenateGOP if this bullsht passes every single one of u who let it happen should be forced to use the same insurance #KillTheBillDontKillUs
If Planned Parenthood was handing out Viagra, they'd get funding. Women are under valued in this country.
Thank you Senator! Fight the Good fight! Keep strong!
Please vote against it. Too many of us depending on you. Thank you and God bless you
VOTE NO NEVEŔ
Outrageous. Keep fighting!
Yes Defund PP. No Government Subsidized Healthcare!
U R on  @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC @SenDeanHeller @SenateGOP @ChuckGrassley @SenateMajLdr and I won't pee on you to save your lives
No is no is no is no, keep up the fight
Call your senator 212-224-3121 and watch @cspan NOW!
Fight!
Thank you Sen Dianne Feinstein for sharing this incredibly bad bad bad bad no good Trump care!
Stay strong Senator!!
We need to make our voices heard people, this is absolute tyranny!
Lord help us all. Please vote no!!  Please save our lives.
Nooooooooooo
while #Trump has #Preibus & #Scaramouche running interference, skirmishes to take attention away from @SenateGOP crime scene
Who should we call? Is there any way to stop this nightmare?
Lovely. Their next been is requiring everyone to murder kittens, pretty sure.
old white men showing that they are in charge!  Tear apart healthcare bc a black man passed it! Women, back home, LGBTQ? Back to the closet
Good. Pass it!
APOPLECTIC RIGHT NOW You better still be fighting! @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi @PattyMurray
I'm still waiting to see what demos have- NOTHING!!!! So now people are losing coverage,paying 20%+ more and who cares about PPH.
and the other remaining pages I can use to wipe my ass.
Fight! Diane!
Finally tonight: GOP screamed about ACA for 7 years. Wrote a new bill this afternoon. Posted it at 10pm and votes on it at midnight! Wow!
I appreciate your efforts; remember though these senators were just elected; the people will get what they voted for
As the "COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR" @Scaramucci STINKS @realDonaldTrump @ananavarro

#TBT - Remember all of #Obamacare's broken promises? https://www.whitehouse.gov/blog/2017/06/30/remember-all-obamacares-broken-promises?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=stp_20170727 … 
@SenateGOP Do what's right and VOTE NO! We want obamacare!!!
In case you haven't been paying attention... it's happened already w #obamadontcare!

Good defund the organization that was selling baby body parts.
Jfc just jog on troll bot
First off not a troll and what I have stated is not false.

#Wisconsin families pay nearly $3,000 more for #Obamacare plans than they did just 4 years ago. 
how can this pass with the Byrd rule?
I saw that but I am worried they will pass this.
Stop skinny repeal!
Defunding planned parenthood?
best news of all!
You think this is to get to reconciliation or there idea of a repeal to send to house?
Are you listening @realDonaldTrump ?
so 60 votes??

