Rosenstein made a legal mistake hiring Mueller!
Thank you Sen Feinstein to stand for what's right & for standing strong to uphold the truth.
POTUS covering for Jared? Who but Jared and Ivanka would POTUS go to such lengths and act so cra-cra trying to protect? #followthemoney
I'd like every member of congress investigated. Their ties to foreign governments, fundraising activities, and domestic terror groups.
Yes.  If we're giving Trump a colonoscopy, every Senator on the committee deserves to same treatment to make sure there are no obstructions.
But I would really recommend they all get a colonic, because they're all full of it.

Your letter?  Who died and put you in charge of the special investigation?  Lynch, & Hillary email invstgtn have to be investigated.
Sick of #HillaryClinton getting away with her crimes, #InvestigateHillary  BEFORE You attack OUR PRESIDENT
Investigate this http://www.techrepublic.com/article/hillary-clintons-infamous-email-server-6-things-you-need-to-know/ …  #ObstructionOfJustice #hillaryEmails #InvestigateHillaryClinton
I commend you Sen for NOT acting like your constituents and calling for blood against Trump. You stand out in a sea of pure evil! Thank you
Call your party members to lead without violence, stop the haters from shooting anyone else:  @NancyPelosi and @MaxineWaters to do the same
Since Trump opened the door by saying that there is no reason to invest, him you need to subpoena his tax records for the last 10 years
Since Giuliani is connected to Russian entities he needs to be subpoena for tax records & testimony on FBI leaks he repeated in TV interview
judiciary needs to deConflict with intelligence in Senate and house. Mueller is handling obstruction of justice,, Redundancy is unnecessary
Maybe back to HRC?  Smashing phones and destroying computer drives might qualify as obstruction a tad more than what you are currently doing
There are a lot of questions senator, but you are not asking them,  You are clearly a swamp dweller.  Investigate the Clinton Foundation!
Why was there no investigation of the Clinton foundation?  Clinton Cash?  Project Veritas (voter fraud)?  This investigation better go back
Why did Comey give Cheryl Mills & other Hillary staffers immunity?  Don't need immunity if innocent.  Investigate Bill/Lynch tarmac meeting
What you suggest has nothing to do with Russia. Comey never took DNC servers.  How do U investigate Russian hacked servers w/o the servers?
Tour letter, like your rhetoric, goes wel beyond Investigt of Russian influence.  You complicate w/Title IX & sanctuary cities. Dems badger!
Thank you Senator Feinstein! I've voted for you since you were Mayor of San Francisco, EXACTLY, for moments like this! Ca proud and supports
Thanks Sen Feinstein for your wonderful letter on Trump! We need Mueller & Rosenstein in investigations. Let's see how many GOP will agree!
I would like to read your letter to @ChuckGrassley. Thank you Senator!
Do it.
Trump using DOJ as his Hired Guns. How many more victims?
And if you DONT also investigate Lynch, youre truly negligent and unethical.
That's up to the SJC led by Grassley to pursue, not just Feinstein.  Sorry, nothing there to see or they would have opened investigation.
I'm just speaking generally.But, U can't have it both ways-no evidence , Lynch not guilty;no evidence, Trump guilty.
Democrats have lied all through election.  Wasserman & Brazile, both guilty of cheating Bernies election.  Comey not prosecuting Hillary?
Why isn't Mike Pompeo on the list?
Thank you!!   
We need you -- never stop pushing back on corruption!
Why not Pompeo on your list when he was apparently witness to trump asking Coates to influence the FBI re Russia investigation?
That's easy, Benghazi, Lois L & John K, IRS, Hillary & DNC Server, Pay4Play, Seth Rich, Loretta Lynch, Comey Obstruction, Drain the Swamp
it does to Loretta Lynch & her attempt to subvert our democracy & interfere in r elections. U are an accessory
Down the toilet!!!!! Stop with your whining and get over your loss of a Democrat being a President...
Thank you Senator Feinstein for all of your hard work!
NO WHERE, THERE IS NOTHING TO FIND, STOP WASTING TAX $$$
Thank you Senator Feinstein!
Let's see what snake in the Grassley does. Is @ChuckGrassley complicit #GOP too?
Witch Hunt!
Thank you!!
Love you!!!!!!
Sure hope there is a reply ofher than "F" you or just crickets.  We need to get this stuff moving!
I think they should turn the full attention to the Democratic Party and see why obstructionism is there agenda
@SenateGOP @SenateDems  Ladies and Gentlemen: We have had enough. There is a Special Council who may be compromised. No proof, no facts.
REALLY?  NOTHING abt Rice, Holder, Lynch & the obstruction of justice in Clinton "matter?!!" OR  leaks? Comey purposefully getting Mueller?
I hope the senator means the obstruction of justice during the Hillary Clinton, email scandal.
I read your letter none of those issues are "serious". Please stop wasting our tax dollars and focus on working with @POTUS on real issues.
No where... Dianne !!! Do your job for the American people, move on !!
I hope you get the subpoenas because i think a lot of those people are going to need that extra push.
Thank you.
These leaks are disgusting and their Clinton supporters. Can't wait for dem investigation on Hillary all Repubs then @SenFeinstein
Turn abouts fair play @SpeakerRyan
Do not give up! Persistence
Yes, persistence in Trump, bashing, trying to upset the government in order to extend the Democratic agenda. Even though it hurts the u.s.
Only thing hurting the US is Trump's forced-errors and his staff not taking the bat out of his hands. Thus, Preventing self-inflicted wounds
And you really think Obama, did a good job? Samatter, having a strong resolute president too much for you?
No way. As long as Trump, is in office, the damned Democrats will keep the bullshit up.

Appreciate your dignified leadership, Senator. You make us Californians proud! 
Unbelievable. What about Loretta Lynch and the #Matter regarding Hillary Clinton.  Lynch and Comey obstructed justice. #Collusion
You are absolutely right.
It goes to Loretta lynch.  That's where.  Since now there's sworn testimony that she obstructed.  Do your job!
Just more of your liberal inflammatory talk.
"refusal of multiple government witnesses to answer questions posed by senators" Thank you for circling back to this: It CANNOT be allowed
What cannot be allowed is the crimes of the Clinton's, to go unpunished.
DeDe, You can't investigate Trump for firing Comey. As Comey testified the @potus can fire the director at will.
Case closed, unless your talking about Loretta lynch and the clintons
My dear, you are politically ignorant.
It goes no where Comey lied he should be prosecuted for lying under oath and leaking
Thank you, Senator
For what? Except to support liberal agendas?
what about the post offices you sold ? think it needs some investigations, is that why u step down?
AG Sessions, Coats, Rogers, Rosenstein s/b brought before Congress & made to respond to questions otherwise charged w/contempt & obstruction
Not before we drag Obama, Lynch, Bill and Hillary and those that destroyed emails for them to court.
Thank you, Senator Feinstein, for your thoughtful and level headed approach to this extraordinary crisis.
Another Dumb Dem!  Hillary was a horrible candidate and liar and corrupt( most Dems are).  She lost.  Russia had nothing to do w/ her lies
Your kind of horrible, aren't you?
when will you subpoena Loretta Lynch? Comey fingered her for obstruction of justice.
On the button, Tom. the damned Democrats have gotten away with it for too damned long.
Prison ?
Yes, for the Clinton's and all their cronies.
You are such a wonderful role model - for all women. Thank you!
Senator feinstine is a role model thieving liar's
Finish that drink chuck, then finish that hateful tweet.
Stop wasting taxpayers' money & stop allowing illegals to steal our vote.
So glad you and Kamala have clear heads this Dictator Trump is one big abuse of power
Vinny, if you had a brain, you'd be conservative.
