A tweet recently stated that President Trump was shutting down ACA call centers to make it fail.  Don't know when that was, just caught it.
We need to shut him down. We can still email and write letters.
Trump's just causing a commotion with all these things. Wants to draw his supporters away from the news coming out about him.
I have asked nicely why they don't like ACA many said they did not realizing it is obamacare! Not kidding.So they like ACA , it's crazy
Never underestimate the GOP's desire to take away health insurance from millions so super rich can have some more money in their pockets.
You need therapy....
Thank you Sen. Feinstein for staying vigilant, protecting us from the suffering inherent in #Trumpcare.
Careful Susan actions like hers cause pregnancy
What is the plan? Called your office to thank you for your opposition to Trumpcare but how do @SenateDems intend to fight?
They r so desperate for tax cuts for rich they will do anything! Their agenda is mean and vile for middle and lower class-beware!
Obviously you read the Bill...or did u.? Hmmmm
Keep repping me senator Feinstein
My question. Why are all of you people voting on OUR healthcare? Do we not get a say? It seems like nothing is getting through to you people
Healthcare is being taken away in order the build "The Wall"!
TY Sen Feinstein for fighting for California we live u for tht
Why are you allowing all of these traitors to testify in closed session and NOT under oath??
It's ok, a lie is a lie. That said I do understand the frustration!
Or what? Please tell us, what will you do? So far I see cong Ds doing NOTHING TO STOP OUR SLIDE INTO FASCISM. Do something. #TheResistance
@SenJohnMcCain do the right thing-vote against healthcare that hurts the vulnerable.  That is not the legacy you want. #UniversalHealthCare
I need all the help I can get Senator Feinstein please share help with democratic colleague out.
It happened!!! Must fight harder.
House passes a bill for the Mex. boarder wall for $1.6 billion, but a decent affordable health care bill can't be created/approved.
But what about all the whiny bitching about not being able to properly discuss the bill and ad amendments on the floor??
Madame Senator we are counting on you. Please don't let us down.
They just never quit! Damn it!!! I will never trust Republicans again! I will fight till we take country back!
Obama was a REAL President.
so real he lost 70% of the country, yeah that's just what we need more of
#MedicareForAll is the only answer. NOW is the time to start.
How can we help you Senator...?   #tRumpApocalypse  #Resist #TheResistance
The GOP is totally willing to repeal healthcare or healthcare thts really MEAN
You mean the ACA?  just retire already
Stay strong!
If GOP forces this through, they will be looking at charges of Indiscriminate Willful & Reckless Endangerment of American Citizens
They will also be looking at home turf lynch mobs with pitchforks & assorted farm implements, if you get the picture.
5% of planet population owns 50% of firearms. Never bring a pitchfork to a gun fight.
Now you are trying to change y/brand because resist is taking Dems down.  Too little, too late.  Own it.  No message..just terrorist tactics
If you were sincere, you, Schumer, Pelosi and others w/have attempted to negotiate a healthcare bill. Instead you are party of obstruction
@FAIL  Rs specifically locked out Ds
False.  D's specifically told R's NO negotiation if Obamacare is repealed. No further discussion. That is not negotiation; it's a demand,

You ma'am need to work harder in your committee. Chair Grassley can't be trusted. You can't let TRUMP fire Sessions, it would mean a crisis
And your ilk like to wait until everyone else has left for the night/weekend and ramrod a bill without comment or opposition from the public
Please do all you can to make sure this bogus effort to repeal the ACA fails! We're counting on you and @SenKamalaHarris to lead on this! TY
Please! Whatever u have to do... make sure it doesn't! Thank you! #resist #TheResistance
And then 45 called the bill "mean". Nice,  huh?
Every American deserves the same level of healthcare that the AHCA has apparently received.
We were told not to worry, it would die in the Senate.  Keep fighting for HC #SaveandImproveACA
I called 4 of @marcorubio offices before I got a live person to express my concern about the healthcare bill.
Translation- never, ever underestimate how subservient GOP lawmakers are to their party leadership.
Thank you!
I agree, Obamacare never should have been passed.
VOTE...NO! If you don't know what's in it, you cannot vote any other way but NO. PLEASE VOTE NO.
Arm twist some of your colleagues across the aisle.  There are a few reasonable ones left who can't believe this is good for their state.
That's what y'all did for years. Even in the middle of the night y'all would meet.
Beware the Lazarus Principle " Alias habaes corpus, Brutus" From Shakespeare's "Orange Julius Caesar Salad, Hold the Russian."  Off broadway
Support medicare for all you corporatist clown or get voted out #Medicare4All
Never, ever make the mistake of underestimating.  Remember, not too long ago everyone thought there was no way Trump would win...

Do you have a plan!!? Or are we going to let 50+GOP f--ks kill hundreds of Americans!!? Traitorous
The only way to HELP ALL AMERICANS is universal health care ,,long overdue ,,why is America lagging behind all other countries ??
Because being forced to pay for a service you dont want or need is the opposite of liberty. We're kinda big on liberty here.
Question:  why did you & Grassley permit Donny Jr, Kushner, Manafort to testify in closed session and not under oath?
The Republican Leadership are very http://sneaky.How  dumb for our elected officials to vote on any legislation without knowing
What's in the Bill that's irresponsible and a wast time and money
That's my Senator! 
Show 'em how it's done, @SenFeinstein !
This message of hers is a good one. I retweet @BillKristol  sometimes, too! It's about the message.
It is no longer the House of Representatives. Not for the people, anyway.
How could you allow that dirtbag to get away with no testifying in PUBLIC AND UNDER OATH?  I'm so disappointed in you.I hope you have a plan
Why did You Let Jarad Kushner go without Taking a Sworn Oath?
Lying to government officials is a crime...Whether under oath or not..
If you thought it was dead how would we know it isn't?
Why does Kushner have no oath??!!!!!
We saw what happened in the senate when Harry Reid changed the rules so dems could force Obamacare on the Americans. Glass house stones
correct so keep pressure on gop ladies to vote no this will kill not help elderly and low http://income.vote  No
Please do whatever you must to convince some of your GOP counterparts to oppose this, millions of lives depend on it!
Thank you for being vigilant! Hopefully we can focus on stabilizing the markets and providing better care in the future!
The best way to insure defeat of this health care abomination bill is to lock @SenCapito & @lisamurkowski in the women's bathroom @joanwalsh
The GOPer GROPER-in-chief is leading the US down the golden gilded path of destruction. We did have a nice ride while it lasted. BIGLY SAD!!
Keep up the resistance, ACA needs repair not repeal -- thank you
no you should get off your asses and work together for us not for party and just what health care plan do you have??? Obamacare? not
What's your plan to stop them?
https://mortgageshots.com/tag 
HUGE Real estate deal worth BILLIONS!!!
It's like the whole Republican party is passing garbage to fill the swamp.
WHAT bill got passed? I missed this!!!
#NeverRepeal
McConnell & co. is playing a "Hey look, there goes Elvis!" game. We can't let him get away with this!!!
Just please tell us why you and your fellow Dems are not supporting #MedicareForAll ?
Sort of like you guys not fighting treason, and telling us it's just a political problem?

I hope this country burns to the ground.
They've seen what the reaction to just the threat of repeal. How do they think the reaction will be after repeal when people start dying?
Why not stop all the taxpayers dollars from being stolen, and wasted on decadent lifestyles, and use it 4 healthcare.
@GOP and Trump will find out what it looks like when 22 million people and their friends stay home to play golf. 

#NationalStrikeUSA
Do away with insurance companies paying politicians money to get what they want and hurt Americans
What don't the democrats do something.  Get some work done or we will vote you out
I kinda hope they do pass it  (if it weren't for the loss of life) That way they'll own it!! Then we'll OWN Them & UNIVERSAL HEALTHCARE 
Repealing ACA is terrible enough - but gutting 50 years of Medicaid to give tax cuts to the ultra rich is truly criminal. #DeathCareBill
A person called "Bill"....
it's never time to work when it's nap time
keep on it Senator!
Thanks, very much, truly.
#ThatsTheFirstIveHeardOfIt
There's a Trump condos in Florida the neighbors have given it the nic name little Moscow. Is anyone checking that out?
And while you're at it, when Kushner et al answering question PUT THEM UNDER OATH otherwise what's the point?
Why don't countries with socialized medicine have many air conditioners? I'm in France and I miss AC! Redistribution kills incentive/wealth
We lost our doc, u didnt, we lost our ins plan, u didnt, can't afford prems or ded,u can. So that is y U didn't fix O'care for the past 7 yr
Isn't there some kind of law suite we t he ppl can bring against them
Just maybe the democratic need to start acting like democrats        https://actionnetwork.org/petitions/s4p?source=pda …
Ypu numb nuts passed a bill with out reading it hypocrite.
Will you start owning the front page please? Lead, don't follow. Act, don't react. Marginalized the distractions and lies.
Maybe someone can ask Feinstein how Trump junior and Manafort got away from testifying under oath and in public
Are you complicit with this Russian Coup?
Need to use overlay for most gerrymandered areas. Or who's representing that area. Would be a good tool
What is your plan for paying down the debt? You give me a good answer and not the 1%, I will vote Democrat
Your peers in the House can't keep putting party above their constituents, and stop the madness that now lives in the White House.
You and the other @SenateDems must stand STRONG!!!
Why aren't Kushner, trump jr and Manafort testifying under oath???
Actually it's the only way to get anything done is to go around you Democrats that hold up everything .
Thank you Sen. Feinstein, the 22+Million AMERICANS who could be without health coverage appreciate you.
Uhhhh looks how the Dems passed Obama care even when they had not read it. Do u really want to govern like this? Shame on all of Congree
Dictators
That is their MO. Stay alert, be vigilant, do not stop fighting! #Resist

House said "let the Senate fix it"! Ds & Rs should be on the same page for the good of ALL American people. Rs only care about themselves.
#SaveACA
Disappointed Ms. Feinstein @DonaldJTrumpJr and manafort should testify publicly and under oath!
Actually, you can't stop it. Elections HAVE consequences.
Sanctions. Vote to keep them. It's not worth the price we already have paid by getting this idiot elected! Vote to Keep Sanctions !
And not punish spies?  What are you, some kind of patriot?
Hell no on insidious healthcare bill!
How is that possible? Unethical cowards.
So, solve it on behalf of your employer:
The  People:
#SinglePayer
#SinglePayerNow
#SinglePayerSunday
#ZombieCare on the loose again!
Damn liberals has screwed up my country
Don't underestimate the powers of the undead to make this odious travesty of a bill an undead piece of legislation.
GOP gets lower and lower each day. Slime. Sleaze
The ACA was dead when Dems lost 60th seat. Found way to shove down American citizens' throat when opposed. We do as the Dems do.
As Obama himself used to say; "YES WE CAN"
Be vigilant. Don't trust the GOP
I agree that would be devastating
Please don't!!
MAKE SURE TO KILL THE BILL THIS TIME.
Yes indeed.  Absolutely.
Sneaky, aren't they?  They bear watching carefully.
Prayers our Senators do their job and get this bill passed! America can't continue paying monstrous premiums and deductibles!

Just like every other entitlement, once ACA was pushed through there is no way to take it back, get ready for the big tax, middle class.
Sen Feinstein, Why are you allowing Trump Jr and Manafort to not take an oath to tell the truth?  This is a Grassley/Trump cover up!
DEMAND that Manafort & Don Jr testify under oath and IN PUBLIC Senator!
Fight for Ansel Honorable Feinstein

Like you did with cali gun laws?
Senator , what happened to both the senate & congress, regardless of what's in bills , it's pass is lose win , what happen to what's best
Isnt that indicative of the entire DNC's attitude? Assume victory and throw a fit when you lose And you wonder why R's slow play everything
Y r Don, Jr. and Manafort testifying in private, not under oath, when Comey was public & under oath? That's nonsense.
I guess its ok for Susan Rice and Loretta Lynch to testify behind close doors?
Just in case things speed up for Trump he needs 23M to die prematurely for his legacy! MAGA
At least they read it. Not 2700 pages ofcommie crap
Isn't that what Dems did with ACA? People need ACA to be reformed to something better.  Everyone-all sides needs to get together&compromise!
Even Catholic Nuns say NO to BCRA or REPEAL!
No we can't! We're with you Senator! Stay strong!! 
How's that fundraising going?
Move faster in getting this administration out please.
Do you think the new WH Comm Dir will step up to the plate for Mr WH? 
If so that should be interesting intimidating tactics on the HILL.
And that is legal to sneak the vote in when no-one is looking ??
Actually it is. Democrats under the Clinton administration did they exact same thing to Republicans.
Other way around. Sorry. Republicans did it to democrats. It was legal
U KNOW #BLOTUS VIOLATES CONSTITUTIONAL OATH N DO NUTHING - THATS COMPLICIT!
"We have to pass the bill to see what's in the bill!"-Nancy Pelosi on the ACA. Govt HC is just a way for politicians to show who's in charge
2/2 I say drop govt HC all together and allow insurance companies to handle it. Provide incentive for competition and you have cheap HC.
Your gang is no longer in charge the contributing Americans wanted this change


"WE?" I have a full time job is why "WE" ELECTED U DOUCHEBAGS TO KEEP ON TOP OF WH!
@marcorubio have you met?
Vote against repeal.  More folks without health care means more sick people walking the streets.  Repeal affects all of us.
You do realize that after the ACA was put in place, HC didn't just disappear from the Earth? People can still get healthcare...
A Health Care Bill was passed in The House of Representatives, then a sort of Celebratory took place at the WH,with Pres.Trump; and .......
2/2 still Sen. Dianne Feinstein there's is NO Bipartisanship acceptable and the same agreeable Health Care Bill.  Leave Obama care;ACA alone


Tell us what you are going to do. Get in front of the cameras with other Ds to explain how dangerous this bill is.
Truth bothers you?
What are you going to do to stop them? What can anybody do to stop them? Don't you think that millions of patriots are doing all they can?

The House also "disappeared" a bill that was passed.  If they're going to implement Trump's will /wo votes, our nation is lost!

Watching your positions and comments not sure your loyal to America?!
I'm beginning to think the same. Seems Feinstein only comes out against an issue after it has already been decided. Makes me sad.
Hopefully Ryan goes down with Trum p, Pence, Bannon and McConnell.
Please, please do everything you can to stop them.
We won't. Americans are watching and listening. 
First senator  what is this crab your committee accepting to let trump jr and manfort testify while not under oath.  This is crap
They will never relent, so we must #Persist
https://mobile.twitter.com/LeslieGoldman4/status/889165601800769537 …

hush
