#BREAKING: Trump will scrap critical Obamacare subsidy http://politi.co/2z4IHnc  
Why is he even our president? Why don't we have fair elections? Why don't we have the Fairness Doctrine?
He was elected fairly by the pople,not the elites
You are smoking the covfefe jerk! He cheated big time! The election will be nullified! You ppl are ruining the US 
And yes we people are running the country
This senator can't do anything but run her mouth. She's so left wing she should be a buzzard.
That is crazy! I pay $300 w/ a $3500 deductible. I am young! You people did this!
$284 plus $22 to dental! @realDonaldTrump is trying to fix the mistakes of Obama and @TheDemocrats! You have good health insurance!
Trumpcare: Multiply that x 2.5  & pre-existing conditions aren't covered.
Worse than that and taking away subsidies adds to our debt, no savings. This is outrageous! Vindictive foolishness on part of @gop and trump
You said you don't have it.
The same as you making us pay more gas tax and registration fee.  You need to retire your a liar
#getout of the #ACA business.  Are you government or a healthcare business?
NOT TRUE. How dare you blame the President.  How about greedy Insurance companies
GOP wants the tax cuts for the rich. They don't care about the lower cast.
Breaking ACA to force Dems to the table. DON'T DO IT! He knows that Dems care for people & he's trying to use their humanity to get his way.
All the dems  care about are votes! They and only they are responsible  for the health  care debacle
Dems in a panic. This EO will let markets compete...lower premiums.  Just in time for the midterms and a Republican Senate super majority.
Funny because ALL DATA SAYS OTHERWISE. Analysis shows doubling premiums and elimination of requirement to cover pre-existing conditions.
Where's your data source?
CBO. This is what exactly one previously pitched bill that was rejected by Congress. Insurance companies are now in control of your health.
Insurance companies have always been in control of healthcare to an extent. No way I want govt control...no way.
Do you really think that either party doesn’t want the premiums to decrease?  That’s just stupidity at this point. It’s extremely complex.
Not at this point for the Dems Brad.  Like I said....in context....the mid terms are coming.
This healthcare discussion has nothing to do with Dem/GOP...this is a HUMAN issue.  This is heartbreaking.
Please help us
How pathetic,  help yourself snowflake
my insurance costs doubled under Obama...please don't act, dirtbags.
hey folks!  The subsidies already have been declared 'illegal'
Obama and Feinstein doubled American's cost of insurance and cut their services in half, bit Trump!!!
Get rid of government money and insurance must get competitive
Do you think it’s affordable now?
Yes, I have ACA and pay 175 per month.  Live in Arizona.  It works for most.
How do you feel about a personal responsibility to mitigate healthcare costs?
Sure, if I could get it.  I was unable to get any insurance prior tp ACA due to preexisting.  Free market doesn’t work with healthcare.
GOP also wants pre-existing stipulation so I am sure U don't have to worry about that. The rate UR paying will be lower too.
Nice try. Spinning the cause of increasing insurance premiums around to blame @potus?  My rates have increased by 35% each year since ACA.
No he's cleaning  the mess your messiah  made
Are you really that evil?
Make no mistake, the democrats are intentionally trying to destroy middle class America with their anti-American policies.
Make no mistake.Hillary intentionally sold uranium to Russia, colluded, took kick backs & Mueller covered it up.Where’s your outrage Dianne?
Prior potus set precedence by using executive orders instead of fighting congress or making compromises.
Diane if you are so worried about healthcare make a real effort to work across party lines. You are no better than republicans.
So, why aren't DEMS leading demonstrations in the streets, in Washington. They should be spearheading protests weekly. #ImpeachTrump
Ever hear of  Antifa?
And if y'all don't act quickly Trump will get away with a three billion-dollar con job. He will take 2020. His 2nd term will be worse.
You got one thing right.trump will win in 2020
Still waiting on any actual policy ideas from the democrats.. they are not pro anything they r only anti trump — they can’t win anymore
You'll get the change in 2018.  In the meantime live w/ the blood of others in ur hands for voting for dotard
Our nation is slowly being destroyed by the destroyer.U.S. Is in a crises.Dems need 2 stop acting as if this is politics as usual.Its not!!
Dems??Shout at the GOP for being so damn complacent & spineless worried more about reelection than the health & safety of their constituents
Please help! Our lives are stake! I can't afford higher premiums and I have a pre-existing condition!
Vote Democrat  again fool!
This is all Obama and the democrats fault. Don't blame trump.
You’re kidding, right.  This man is sadistic.
Your being blinded by the mainstream media. And the liberals
That’s hilarious.  I’ve had ACA for 3 yrs now.  Works well for me.  Previously I had nothing due to preexisting.  I’ll be there again 
Aca isn't affordable. It's going broke. That's why he needs to fix the program.
So you'll still be Senator when you're 90????  We're so lucky in Ca.  Retire already lady-time for new blood.
Maybe you should have Obama care instead of your cush health insurance
Self-employed in LA & Anthem left the ACA marketplace for 2018. Help?
Look into Oscar health maybe? Wife and I are in the same situation and that's what we'll likely be doing. Heard good things & they're conn
ected to UCLA med center.
I guess we find out in a week or two what our options are. I need to stick w UCLA for medical stuff. It’s scary getting it taken away.
Yeah same here re:UCLA. As far as I can tell Oscar will continue to provide that next year and likely Health Net and Blue Shield, too.
Thanks for the scoop. I’m terrified of underwriting again, loss of pre-existing coverage, massive annual rate hikes.
Well, all those protections are still in place for the new year, at least! Should ultimately be really easy to switch. Not looking forward t
o cost increases, either, but at least they're a write-off being self-employed.
LOL, you dips still can't take you lost. #HereATissue #WipeAwayThoseTears #TrumpWins
#RepealObamaCare by #ExecutiveOrder is better than do nothing #Congress 

#Compassion #Trump #MAGA
Is it? Ok, no coverage for pre-existing conditions and premiums doubling is NOT GOOD CHANGE. But guess what? It’s all on Trump now.
Wow, biggest #FakeNews of today! #RepealandReplace
President Trump Signs Executive Order to Lower Health Insurance Costs and Expand Choices https://buff.ly/2gggUwH 
What Trump just signed eliminates coverage for pre-existing conditions and will double the cost of most Americans’ plans.
Your statement is subjective and can only be a straw man argument at this point, without knowing the actual details in it. Peaced
The details have been examined by Congress and rejected. Check the CBO report. Insurance companies now control your health. Good luck.
Congress is corrupt ,have no balls! Enemies of America . Trump is an evil sociopath. Where is Muller ?
Thank you to anyone who voted 4 Trump! Hope /pray u get what u deserve
I work hard for my &since Ocare I've hd 2pay a shitload more for health services to pay for the freeloaders, I'm freaking TIRED of paying
Any dingbat that believes this shit should go stick their heads in the sand forever
How about asking the middle class who don't get the freebies and are stuck w/$895/mo + 12K deductible? Don't be ridiculous!!
congress will never act. ALL REPUBLICAN ELECTED OFFICIALS ARE NOTHING BUT DICTATOR TRUMP ASS KISSERS. THEY SUPPORT DICTATOR TRUMP DIVIDING & DESTROYING AMERICA. DICTATOR HITLER TRUMP,IN AMERICA, NOW
Another honest senator
Sounds like our Congress needs to come to some kind of agreement and put this back in place.
We can't. We can't pay more. Will have to lose coverage. And I have breast cancer.
Congress is supposed to allocate funds for it. Why are you whining and not doing anything?
Your political grand standing is hurting the people you claim you want to help. To this day congress has done nothing but complain
With years of frozen incomes and ever-increasing prices on everything, this is just mean-spirited and wrong.
Whoa! Dems got there first. Health care is NOT a Right. ACA is garbage. Free market only choice.
Keep the noise going sen Feinstein
No. The Trump Administration is making people pay their own way. As it should be.
Shut up
Too bad, the pen is mightier than Regular Order, Rule of Law, & the Democratic Process. #POTUS abuses power, hurts US, & Houses allow it
They treat governing like running a crooked business. No honor among thieves.
@MHGURU @politico How's impeachment going?


Lady you're #NUTZ crossing state lines will drop rates. #CaliforniaCare is to costly. Dr.s r leaving Ca no $$ It's time for you to retire.
Liar, fed judge declared subsidies unconstitutional. plus now you can buy ins. across state lines.
Until @realDonaldTrump hurts enough women,poor,non-whites, disaster victims, sick, elderly or nuke victims, voters and @GOP will do nothing!
Dear Diane: YOU are Congress.
That's what he want DO YOUR EFFING JOB CONGRESS.
Well they won't.
you are so wrong and so far removed from reality
Congress needs to get Gov. out of our lives entirely.
No you did when you passed the shitty law.
Medicare for All. NO Dem deals w/ Trump. You don't REWARD a psychopath after he sabotages healthcare system of his own country.
Glad the Dems are having a fear mongering meltdown over Obamacare getting chipped away at. It means Trumps doing the right thing. #MAGA

THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION IS OUT TO DESTROY AMERICA!
#DoSomething
Dems are the minority in congress, it is up to WeThePeople to Do Something 
We're doing all we can. They have power. Use it.
Yes, and plz for the love of gods, don't call him RECKLESS. A mean, nasty, vindictive, racist...is more like it! Mean as a snake!
Enforce the 25th Amendment Now!!!!!
On the bright side, DJT to be congratulated for helping Dems, as I (like so many others) will never ever ever vote for another Republican
So did the Democratic Party with Obama Care lost Dr cost went up
Maybe if Mueller drops a bomb, the GOP will act, but at the moment their radar is locked onto tax cuts for the rich.  Single-minded focus.
What can congress do?
Do something about it, or we will vote someone in that will. #FightForOurRights!
I Honor Rep Joseph Kennedy the 3rd with this strong, patriotic msg to the traitors of our OWN healthcare.
Tell me senator why a man should have to carry insurance for birth control?
There is nothing affordable in the ACA
If subsidies go away, my insurance premium will be half of my net income. I can't afford that! I will become uninsured!
How can anyone pay more for their insurance than you and obama?
Another senile old broad speaks up. Can think how she can help herself I bet!
All these republicans need to go. They don't give a damn about people. They are bought and paid for, and are totally useless.
Great. Please do act. The people want single payer. Please act on it.
Pay more Senator? He's making it impossible for sick people to afford coverage, leading to no care or meds. That's just cruel and evil.
Congress hasn't acted on anything that will help the middle class ppl.  I'm so sick of this adm.
People will be dying!
Stop paying for illegals and take care of your own people you make me sick
You need to stop being a sanctuary state and do what is right
You are Congress. Act. You must have friends on both sides. Surely something can be worked out. Emergency!
Congress should have acted on many T admin items and on T himself since Jan. And yet here we are. Less words, more action.
so as Sen u can stop this insanity please.
How about if everyone that gets a subsidy from taxpayers + fat shows 10k steps 4x a week (except disabled) to lower med costs a ton!
Trump is a monster .#25
Ur right congress must act and fix the Dems illegal use of funding. DT just put it back to u the law makers!! Stop ur bs lies. MAGA
That all want it, let it go, @GOP owns it. Wait till they see what they get for fees charged.
#25for45
I'm guessing Mueller is getting close to Trumpys secrets again. He seems to Bellow and Lash out against US citizens when he gets close.
Oh please! You Dems said #Obamacare premiums would be decreased, sd we cld keep our doctors. You lied! Middle class cant afford it!
#badbill
Dianne , U R mistaken
So, what tell us, what will Congress do?
Invoke the 25th.
He wants the ACA, Obamacare, replaced because it has Barack’s name on it. Very pathetic AND sad for those that need it
Great! But tell me what you plan to do except tweet the obvious?
Obamacare payments were never approved by Congress. Though named "Affordable Care Act", it was never affordable without federal subsidies.
@SenGillibrand @CoryBooker @SenSchumer let’s be clear, WE, the people, will pay the price. We will suffer, not @POTUS.
maybe we could redistribute funds 4 Congress #healthcare to tax paying citizens who are about to lose these subsidies? Last ditch
Maybe some who can ride out the waves, it’s bumpy, but for many it’s like fighting to swim out in the ocean with no life jacket. #saveaca
People rely on these subsidies. I’d bet money Congress members are not going years and years without seeing their doctors.
And if no one in Congress steps up, @JimmyKimmell @AndySlavitt will you speak further on it? This has real detrimental consequences.
I’ve read the explanation 100 times about @RealDonaldTrump’s madness compared to 1 “here’s what I’m gonna do about it.”
Yes! Please Congress. Will Congress allocate funds for all low income taxpayers relying on those subsidies? The #SaveSubsidiesAct?
Time @SenFeinstein to put healthcare in the hands of Republicans & hold them to Trumps promise @vote_dem @politico
Donald J Trump: " You're ALL going to have such great healthcare @ a tiny fraction of the cost." 

 "I promise." 
So happy @POTUS has taken the actions against Obama care!  The ability to purchase health insurance across state lines a big win for USA
Yes act, #ImpeachTrumpNow
Stop the orange buffoon!
Trumpshit is the most dangerous saboteur we have ever confronted
But, but, Dianne. You said that he could be a GOOD President.  Yep. He sure is a good un
That's how we got OBAMA CARE. And 96+ Executive Actions to prop up OBAMA CARE?
Yes. Yes, you MUST!!
#25thAmendment
the devil is on the loose and doing pure evil
Start calling it Trumpcare make him own it
And ..... intentionally wants to go to war.
Trump is a moron
YES!!! CONGRESS MUST IMPEACH 45!!!
Why are most Dems in Congress and the house silent about Trump policies and their effect on middle America?
He's been unable to kill ACA any other way. Congress needs to work for the PEOPLE who really employ them! #NoRepeal #FixACA
Excuse me...who passed this ACA?
Where is "The People's Congress"?!!!
so do something. what do you think us, the poor, the mid class, seniors, kids can do, IF YOU DON'T DO ANYTHING.
@politico CONGRESS MUST ACT! I respect u but don't u think if that were true they would have already done it.  Now we must DIE
Sen. this has to be illegal in America?  This is extortion!  @GOP can not tolerate broken laws at Trump's will!  
Senator, I think it's worse than just that. They know people will die from this and they do not care.
Then why did my insurance rates quadruple under Barack Obama?
#25thAmendmen #25thAmendmentMarch
#ImpeachTheBozo
#ImpeachTrump
Ha, just wait for his followers and supporters to notice this fact and reality..........because THEY WILL.  Then see if they still trust him
#25thAmendmen #25thAmendmentMarch #25thAmendmentNow #ImpeachTrump
Congress better do its job or all their terms r over vote them out
Wake them up, please, Senator.
Determined to do harm, this man can only be stopped with Equally bold action by Congress or Courts. America needs you!
But @SenFeinstein just wants to give more $ to ins cartel, not to people for single-payer. Her tears are false. Retire her.  It's past time.
Obamacare rates already skyrocketing!
@BarackObama & @FHFA looted @fanniemae & @freddiemac to prop up #Obamacare   #Fanniegate
.@stevenmnuchin1: The Obama admin used the profits of Fannie & Freddie to pay for other parts of the gov't while they kept taxpayers at risk 
Support single payer or retire. #justicedemocractsrising
Just maybe you should have voted to replace ACA.
desperately trying to get money for tax cuts for himself, and rich buds, it appears. Who cares about the poor peasants?.
Trump's not going to war with North Korea. He's going to war with us Americans. Do we have to just sit around and take this? #ImpeachTrump
And you make it worse by not supporting Medicare for All!
Please tell me that Congress will fight and stop this
Congress won't act & he will commit genocide in his own country!  RT
What are you doing? NOTHING but complaining & wining. Why don't you do something constructive instead of dividing our country. LIBERALS SUCK
Californians have been making mistakes for years when they kept voting for you, Senator.
Trying to get back into the good graces of party members trying to kick you out....they are backstabbers, Dianne.  Quit blaming Trump.
DO SOMETHING
That way you have more people that depend on you
And make no mistake you're making sure that Americans pay for illegals to stay here
#25thAmendment #25thAmendment #25thAmendment #25thAmendment #25thAmendment #25thAmendment #25thAmendment #25thAmendment #25thAmendment
#25thAmendment   get your priorities str8!!!! U.S. or RU!?!?!!

#25thAmendment #25thAmendment
#Impeachtrump
What the "action" will be?
I support your efforts to STOP this.
You are a powerful part of congress.  Please lead the action
Hey let’s not forget action in the courts, too! Trump has nvilified PBO’s use of executive orders, so let’s give a dose of his own medicine!
Can you make a bigger lie!   Obamacare was failing the momwe were forced to use it.  How you can't see it is beyond asinine.
Congress appears not to know how to do anything.  Not by any normal procedures, anyway.
Respectfully, Senator, Congress MUST act to remove Trump from the White House. He is #UnfitToBePresident #25thAmendmentNow
Diane- also please report that Trump signed docs allowing him to delete records in WH
@politico How is this heinous act not indicative of a brutal dictator? Americans will DIE because of this. Stop Trump now!
Because of The ACA, I pay 200% more than I used to to cover myself and my wife. GET RID OF THE LIFE TAX!!!!
#CROOKEDDONALD #IDIOTINCHIEF
Take a stand and Dem party have their own "Close Rule"
IMPEACH
But Susan.  You won’t let them act - unless it’s the Democrats that you want to “act”.   What the hell are you talking about?
So--- act!!! Where is the outrage!!!
How much do you pay for your health insurance at the #attendingphysician ? $600 a year?
Now it’s time for you to get to work
Congress MUST also act to reduce the cost of health care, not just the expense of health insurance.  Dems not doing that.
But congress wants to blame President Obama and Democrats. Party before people. 
I was thinking congress had multiple opportunities to act. Senate too. Why now urgent to do your work?
So bring it to the Floor, Senator.
Baloney.  #Obamacare #ACA has always been unfixable.
Nope at this point just let it go, it'll be at the feet of the GOP.
