(2/2) Our intelligence community has offered assistance and I encourage other nations to work with Spain. We stand with #Barcelona.
Being trafficked tortired raped in Anus by intelligence Community.  In Amsterdam train Station. Told all this is legal for law enforcement
Dropped Off by Britisch Feb 2017 for Natl Sheriffs Convention.  Lisa ist our Demo model the others Costa. See GSA Films of Girls around lisa
Yes,  horrific how terrorist use vehicles as weapons for example in #Charlottesville
Feinstein will outlaw vehicles and make everyone ride around in Nerf football cars
It ain't your job
Israelis in Europe are told to come home to Israel as Europe is no longer safe
Why don't you do your job and let the correct branch, the Executive Branch, do it.
What are you doing about your Nazi, KKK, white supremist loving POTUS ???
You knpw the KKK was formed by democrats
Monitor away lady. Your districtive policies will produce similar results on our own soil
I want the affordable care act replaced. Also I want tax reform. Do the right thing and stop bipartisan senate work
Then why is your party fighting the President when it come to boarder controls and others coming into our country?
Please do something to stop Trump. Get him out!
Trump didn't drive the car or give him the keys or the idea. Wake up
Odd that the vehicle was driven by Hate, and not the Muslims behind the wheel!
DD!  It's just your castle, burning.  YOU LET MY CASEWORK AND TWEETS LAPSE, but I.S. attacks around your neglect of MY issues, UC Merced+.
It is very sad what is going on in our country and around the world.Please Please IMPEACH Trump down.it is making,g so sick.
Your side lives to commit and terrorist acts
Don't you think you brought this on by the way Washington and medie talks about our president with no respect! Morality has left this nation
Wake up. Islamic terrorists did this. Protect our country keep them out at all costs.
Have you asked yourself why! Hell is awaiting all of you for destroying our presidents character!
YOU ARE A BAD JOKE, YOU COULDN'T MONITOR THE NOSE ON YOUR ON FACE
How about monitoring the nut job in the WH.  Push for those orders of impeachment NOW!!!  Horrific things happening in USA!
Thank you senator.
more hand wringing.  How about balloons with color?
BAN ALL CARS! Do it for the children!!
By "Muslim Theorist" say it!
Any loss of life should be horrific to see, not just those involving deaths related to hate and other ideologies bound in ignorance.
is this a reference to "agency" of things, or radioactive remote control of machinery?
That's ashame
cars are fundamentally dangerous, they should be more restricted to eliminated in cities
Open your eyes, this is far more than hate.
CNN & Wolf Blitzer blame the attack today on Trump's White Nationalist copycats..my god.Wolf didn't know it's happened a dozen times already
And U have the Globalization Mind Set how many more People have to die Term Limits on Swp Rats
Senator It's shameful that so munch hate still impacts our World but it's Sad that a man can Bully his way as President what a shame
lets outlaw cars in this country Diane  you being a good liberal democratic should agree to that there more dangerous than gun
(And a Muslim)
You senators are good at spending our money and watching what are you gonna do just watch I guess
We appreciate your concern, however, there are serious issues at home! Where are you for us??
Gee... are you going to try to ban cars now? Monitoring what?
There seems to be another terrorist attack in a town just south on Barcelona
With all due respect, why is #BarcellonaAttack called #terrorism, but #Charlottesville is not? Both used car as weapon due to hate.
Why won't you closely monitor our borders hypocrite
Why can you call it Islamic supremacy?
Yes having to relive this as we watched it happen in C'ville on Saturday. Terrorism like seen in Nice, Berlin, London, Virginia, Barcelona.
We can thank Obama and the Democratic Party for doing "nothing" for 8 years ! How did that diplomacy work.. Dianne ??
It's horrific that you call that a terror attack but refuse to call a terror attack a terror attack! This just proves you are a bad person!
The images are awful.
Yet AGAIN!
Thanks Di,
I will sleep well knowing a clueless moron is monitoring the situation. This had to be global warming related!
Heartbreaking. Evil.  #March4Heather
Boy Senator, do I feel better knowing you're "monitoring" the Barcelona situation. America can sleep soundly tonight.
Well then how about being more selective who you let into our country. Otherwise you will deliver the wrong message. We are watching!!!
Well big deal, you're monitoring.
That does so much
And this is exactly what the left is breeding here at home. Take a good look
Try stopping the divisive talk, rhetoric, and opposition to securing our borders.  Quit supporting N perpetuating media fake news
And while this method of murder becomes more common WE have states making it acceptable to drive into a crowd of protesters. Who are we??
Sorta like what happens here because of groups like BLM
You monitor and condemn yet add policies that assist terrorists.  ie. open borders, support for Iran deal, stand against military, etc
Not so subtle, Senator.... I like it
Islamic terrorism
45 has to go
Can you even monitor your bathroom visits? #TermLimits #CaliforniaMachine #DeepState #AltLeft #IslamicTerror #MuslimBrotherhood #TravelBan
Democrats need to stop race/hate baiting , We didn't have a terrorist problem until created and didn't have a race problem until created
Didn't Hillary Clinton have to apologize for wanting Obama assassinated in 2008 be4 he went California during the primaries
So how about that senator from Missouri wanting the president assassinated that's pretty sick from your party But then again
NOT good enough, when will you call out the Islamic terrorists specifically for this atrocity? if not, should we assume you are a terrorist?
Yep. Tell POTUS to stay out of it. The Spanish are WAY  MORE experienced dealing with this than the Us
Thank you!! For your compassion
So happy your are closely monitoring Senator-that will accomplish nothing!  Term Limits!!!!  Let you monitor from the sidelines!

Srry but it takes no courage to label terrorist evil.  Pass legislation to censure trump for his support of them
You better not shut down the park in SF.
Why hasn't the senate demand that our attack be called a terrorist attack?
You are wrong it fits all the legal definitions from four laws and federal!
Really? Are you a California resident? Wow...Brown and sanctuary city fan too I'm guessing.
That's what you and the Dems what here.  Support Trump
please don't let the other terrorists (kkk, nazi, white supremacists) to come to California.
Meanwhile, the Ship of State is being piloted by a mad man
SENATOR THIS IS NOT THE FIRST AND NOT THE LAST  !OTHER CROWDED AREAS WITH ROADS !AND MANY PEOPLE THEY WILL COPY! MORE SECURITY IS NEEDED!
The car was driven by Islamic terrorists fool.. #MAGA
Which was different from the car being driven by a Nazi terrorist that killed an innocent American, how exactly?
Then why did you support Terrorism when they were killing Syrians?
All  Senate and House should be banned from social media until accomplishing something. There 20 point lower than Trump in approval rating.
Thank you. Also, I just called your office to ask you to please work with your colleagues to remove Trump ASAP. He threatens our security!
We must remove all statues & monuments related to this hate!! #Barcelona
Just like the Dems. Don't let a good terror attack go to waste. Let's outlaw cars!!
The Dems still butt hurt will try to blame this on Trump. Idiots.
Thank you Madame
Total Cop-Out Dianne. Try again!
Didn't you mean driven by radical Islamic terrorist??
We have just as much hate right here in the United States because of you Democrats
Whose hate? Be more specific. You were a few days ago.
And yet, they have received more compassion from gov't than victims of terror here just received!
I only see 1 tweet about Charlottesville! Why didn't you "closely monitor" that situation? You suck.
Why isn't the murderer in Charlottesville being called a terrorist? 
He did EXACTLY the same thing!
I think that's her point.
Why don't y'all move to Russia
Hey, I get it about Spain but where is your condemnation of your president? Have democrats have no voice?
Oh trust me, Democrats condemn the president PLENTY. We get in trouble for condemning him too much.
Go lecture them on gun control. .its ALWAYS  the guns fault
And an American company vehicle (Ford).  Think that was a coincidence?
San Francisco Sanctuary City forcing contributing Americans to support and live with criminals supported by the Dems
I bet you'll blame Trump!
She'll blame a gun..somehow. .oh that's right only domestic related
Dianne Feinstein it's your gang policies that help this be possible the police and sheriffs in San Francisco are asked to stand down
If you don't immediately condemn the attack, you are Hitler. Literally.
A) She is not the POTUS
B) This was not a white supremacist rally, it was just ISIS
C) She has already condemned ISIS plenty.
Just using leftist logic.
And I just pointed out 3 reasons why your logic is nil. Also, Trump later revoked his condemnation, called Nazis "good people"
And so even if she isnt as gung ho "ISIS IS THE MOST EVIL THING EVER" as you would like, she has NEVER shown sympathy for them.
Let me put it this way: there is no need for any politician to condemn ISIS, that goes without saying. There IS a need for Trump to condemn
The KKK because they actively support him and it is not clear if he unequivocally opposes them. We all know Feinstein hates ISIS.
Only in the unhinged leftist worldview does saying "I condemn outright Nazis and the KKK" somehow translate to "I am a white supremacist."
The car was driven by a Muslim terrorist against Christians in Barcelona
Wow, it's sure nice that you're closely monitoring, but I think we are paying you to work for us, not the people of Spain, let DHS brief you
ISIS is part of the Alt Left.
