Make it a law-make it a law-make it a law!!! What are we waiting for? Would anyone vote against it and risk losing their female voter base?
There are already a plethora of laws on the books that make it illegal. That is why the wage gap is a myth. Quit being pandered to.
You're obviously not a woman and you're obviously wrong
Did you just assume my gender? Triggered!!! The only thing obvious here sweetie is your lack of understanding of our Nation's laws.
Yes I'm pretty sure you're of the male persuasion and it also appears you think with your penis and Im NOT YOUR sweetie Now get back to work
Did you just assume that because I have a penis that a must be a male!!!! Where did you get your sensitivity training you brute! TRIGGERED!
You seem to be the one who is sensitive. Penis or not,male or not, you're obviously ignorant. good grief
The only way to "do more" is to stop voting for Republicans, from dog catcher to president
Supporting the filibuster and voting against Gorsuch. Because a man that refuses to meet female senators has no place on the bench.
Citation needed.
I refuse to listen to status quo media that aims to control what you think. Which is why I disdain all cable news including Fox.
I'm smh every time i see this... i thought democrats were the educated people.
I've been on this #EqualPayDay for a while and it's mostly idiotic women that believe in this myth.
That doesnt mean theyre paid differently. What you earn depends on varying factors like average hours worked but you know that
Did you include your senate pay
Thoroughly tired of these discrepancies, especially given that they are much worse for women of color .
What do you earn?
I recommend going into the oil business. The larger number of men working oil fields is the single largest chunk of the gap.
It's also one of the largest factors in why men are 1700% more likely to die at work, but you have to take the same risks to earn the same.
I say we do less and let them figure out why ends aren't meeting.
Women already do less. A lot less.

The gender productivity gap is almost the entire 'wage gap.' The fatality gap hazard pay is the rest.
I agree that women should get equal pay for equal work. But, there are cases where women do not do equal work. Each job must be evaluated.
This unfairness affect women more than just unfit pay. Because we are paid less, our future SS income is less also. Way to keep us poor!
this is just false
And the proof is no where because it's a lie
@SenateDems show your data
why
The only way you can make EARNINGS equal is if every woman has the same job and work as much as men.
I go to Home Depot & Lowes & women can't do heavy lifting. Same in the Army when I was in. TIRED OF YOUR FAKE NEWS!
Great. I agree. Now take a stand against Gorsuch. My husband thinks I'm cheating on him because I call your office so damn much.  Answer it!
WTH Still in 2017 unbelievable
Agreed. Have you been to any San Mateo Foster City District meetings? Many teachers shared sad stories about trying keep up w rising rents.
You're spreading a false narrative to the American people. Wage gap groups of people is due to working numbers of those groups of people.
And even worse for women of color. We have to make that part of the conversation.
At least you got a raise.Every stat I see,men are stuck on $1
Lies.
Those figures are incorrect.  I challenge you to prove it! With real data.  Not your made up junk.
Also in 1963 the equal rights act was passed. So if your employer is paying you less, take them to court. Go on. I dare you.
Start donating 50% of your over paid salary
Equal Pay Act was put into place in 1963 which got rid of discrimination relative to pay. Your stats do not present the whole truth. SAD!
this is exactly my lifetime. Still amazed how far behind we are. Thank you for fighting for us go move forward. Women 4 women
#ERAVA2018
Complete BS. You pick and choose which polls you quote.

Great start would be with your own staff @SenFeinstein
No. No we don't....
just not true.
Maybe you should tell women to join the STEM field then.. rather than getting degrees in social work, human services, and early education.
#EqualPayDay Nothing but women earning $1 for every $1 earned by men is acceptable! Period.
Done
Làm thế nào để thực hiện tạo ra một ngọn lửa kỳ diệu
And today they make less than men on Capitol Hill. Start there first then you might have room to talk.
Do you make as much as your male colleagues?
And how much do jews earn compared to the "average person"? Asians? Implying there's a problem here?
Has nothing to do with the fact that overwhelmingly, women choose careers in lower paying jobs...
Especially since men don't pay their child support!
Yes, Senator Feinstein, thank you. And we are talking about women performing the same duties with same skill level as male co-workers. #same
Then why are men still dying at work 1700% as often?

Because we're not talking about the 'same work.'
"If you look into a mirror and say international women's day' three times, a men's rights activist will appear and tell you about how the 1
"Pay gap is a myth" - Still one of my favorite moments

But yeah " why do those women think they need to March?"  Ignorance
ffs. It's illegal to pay anyone less for equal work. Stop perpetuating a myth.
#FAKENEWS
ohhhh it's a man's world.
Hey @SenFeinstein how much do you make? I bet it is WAY more than 90% of your MALE constituents. #hypocrite
Why do I even try when you're still on that wage gap bullshit after being debunked so many times by economists everywhere on the spectrum?
Teaching women proper use of statistics would be the first step.
I agree!!
Apparently the only place this is true is Liz Warren's staff
Also in 1963:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Equal_Pay_Act_of_1963 …
Compare apples to apples and there is no wage gap. Military is equal, teachers in a specific city are equal. I fail to see your point. Prove
But wait. How would men like Mr. Trump and Bill O'Reilly get "access" without - shall we say - a financial incentive?
You have had the power old bag for 24 years and literally done nothing! You have raped this country's women! But, that is only minutes!
Its my understanding that the law is in place so why is it not enforced.
Efficiency should matter not race or sex.
Why does everyone report different numbers. If its subjective its not valid.
The 1st thing to do is get you out of office. How can you face your kids? How can you look yourself in the mirror?I knowright
Sellout
i've seen like 6 different figures just scrolling through my twitter feed .79 here, .68 there, .85 over there
Women must do it themselves. We are already fully backed by law. Contribute to profit, negotiate your wage, compete.
Do you pay your female staffers as much as your males? Are those stats based on the same hours worked?
That's because women prefer other kinds of jobs. These statistics are as misleading as you are.
How can someone in your position spout blatant lies like this? Do you have any evidence to back it up?
How much do you make?
I make sure I only do 70% of the work the men do.  I deserve that 9% raise.
Again - Not true. Harvard Professors have proved this wrong.
I keep seeing posts by men saying this is fake..
That would be because it is fake. The data collected is based on the median wages of all men vs all women. Guess what? More men in workforce
Well that's rich.  Oh right, you are...and with 25 years in the Senate, you haven't "done more"!  Another great reason for TERM LIMITS!!
You already have equal pay for equal work. Is that not enough for you?
Getting 45 out of WH would be a great way to start. #TraitorTrump
It is your tax policies that have cost people money! What are you paying your staff?
Agree w/you entirely but can you imagine women, families, children #Palestine fearful of nighttime raids, abduction, bombings, kills @ ckpts
YOU must do more for this made up problem.
keyword "EARNED". You want higher yearly earnings? Work more hours. Negotiate more aggressively. Pay gape is a myth!
one would think that you could have got that all straightened out during the Obama Administration.
How many days are you working this month?
Stop treating women like intellectually inferior twits incapable of negotiating our own pay/benefits w/o you.
#EqualPayDay
#NoClueWhyYouLost
You bet!!
