expand Medicare/Medicaid to cover all.
The expansion of both will make premiums skyrocket since we don't have enough young ppl paying in. This is one reason OC failed
get rid of insurance and go to Single Payer for all paid out of income/payroll taxes. Would be cheaper.
Socialized medicine isn't going to work in America. Mostly bc baby boomers are in need of more care with the group aging and
single payer still has private drs/hospitals competing for those dollars. It covers all and all contribute.
The burden will be forced on MC like OC and hurt paying families while others pay nothing and get it all. Socialism doesn't work here
middle class is already paying more than they would.
How is it fair to give HC to nonworking and pay nothing and burden American families who are working lol
It doesn't end Medicaid at all. It stops the rapid expansion after 2024 which is one of the reasons premiums are skyrocketing.
This statement promotes hate and violence and isn't true at all. The right needs to stop the dangerous rhetoric before more violence occurs
#FakeNews
Agreed ty for your words
#FakeNews
No it's immoral that able body people want work so they can get free handout called medicaid. Do your job & make more work & pay.
Preemies in NICU, hundreds of thousands of veterans, and millions of senior citizens rely on Medicaid for their care.
Do not attempt to defend #AHCA/#BCRA or those promoting it.  It would cause the mass death of Americans to give rich people money.
And _everyone_ deserves healthcare.  Without exception.
I'm glad you can live in the stars, but I work for a living & watching freeloaders get handouts while hurting people wait. It's not free.
Only a democrat can spin a lie where spending more money is a cut in spending. #Pinocchio #TermLimits #DamnLiars
#AHCA/#BCRA would cut Medicaid funding in real terms - inflation happens.
It would also kill 28,000 Americans/year:
Stop perpetuating disinformation, and do not attempt to defend GOP legislators trying to cause the mass death of Americans.
of course it is!Let's face it DJT is immoral & his enablers @SenateGOP @ChuckGrassley @SenateMajLdr are immoral!GOP deplorable
My child relies on Medicaid to survive & live at home where she belongs & not an institution
Lying old sot! $146 BILLION INCREASE does not end Medicaid as we know it, to anyone other than a Democrat this is called a budget increase.
Get involved and you won't feel so bad!
Socialized hc in England will not allow it
i do  not believe you!
The only morality the oligarch fascist GOP Congress knows is neo-Christian exalting servitude to the rich & destruction of the lower class.
Really?
Absolutely! Oligarch owned & operated!
The Republicans won't give up until they deconstruct the innovations that keep people safe. They are relentless destroyers
Now that's just idiotic. Medicaid budget goes up $146 billion and you believe Feinstein's lie.

BTW - Medicaid is an *innovation* ....lol
What about hc for all in England and the ducking story of Charlie gard, this poor child could be treated with western medicine however
Medicaid and other welfare programs are frought with fraud.  See attached example: http://www.foxbusiness.com/politics/2017/07/06/nj-millionaires-on-welfare-sting-12-additional-individuals-charged.html … Stop government waste and fraud.
But do you have a plan?

Medicaid needs to return to being for age or disability, Not a crutch for able people that explodes our debt & taxes.
Hey Feinstein, whatever you do, don't go to Mrs. Bernie Sanders for bank/land fraud advice.
Please vote yes on #Kate'sLaw
No it just takes Medicaid back to pre-ACA where it should be.
Right. Just let a few thousand people die that may not have under ACA.
Brian our people had better health care before ACA and at a lower cost. ACA is not saving lives like you think. Hi cost and hi deductibles
Only Medicaid as you've known it the last few years. That's a ridiculous exaggeration
Do not attempt to defend #AHCA/#BCRA.  It would kill 28,000 Americans/year to give rich people more money: https://www.americanprogress.org/issues/healthcare/news/2017/06/22/434917/coverage-losses-senate-health-care-bill-result-18100-27700-additional-deaths-2026/ … .
The fact that you regurgitate that hyperbolic talking point tells me all I need to know
I'm not defending either
All I said was Medicaid doesn't end
Lies
No its fucking American. What an amazing idea fucking take care of yourself and pay for your hc if it's cheap enough we all can afford it
MythvsReality:Dems claim bill will “cut” Medicaid-it wld incr frm $393B this year2 $464B in 2027&that’s adjusting4inflation-not a"cut."!
Especially since the reason the GOP is doing this is for a tax cut for the most weathly. Doubly immoral.
Just outright lying
Medicaid as we have come to know it under Dems is immoral to hard working Americans who fund it.
Putting the burden of funding health care for those who choose not to work on the tax payer is immoral.
That's a good thing to end it as we know it and recreate it in a way that cuts down on waste and fraud
You know what's immoral is you not doing your job.  Have you seen the new budget?   It's insane. Why aren't you stopping it?
You do realize that the Rs are in charge, right Tom?
True enough. And having a profit based health care system? Also immoral.
Support Medicare For All!!
Now let's explain.
To all those Catholics who voted Trump b/c HRC is pro-choice:  cutting Medicaid and SSDI will cause more unplanned births; deeper poverty
Really? How do you know? Maybe people will feel better about themselves! They may enjoy contributing instead of feeling deserving!
February, black business owners railed against the Obama administration’s decision to funnel millions in subsidies to illegal immigrants
nesting birds and well-fed dog will always return 2 the wall that their masters this is why we don't have single-payer Dems R 4 their donors
Doesn't your staff ever get tired of fear mongering & blatantly fake information intended to create division and drive wedges between us?
Keep fighting for us
FAKE NEWS
So much of what the GOP does is immoral. Thank you Senator Feinstein for your hard work and dedication
It's budget is too big now...why is it NEVER enough?
The 10 trillion of debt Obama incurred in last 8 years is immoral!
1/3 of doctors don't even use Medicaid.
Medicaid =monopoly money.
It's worse than emergency services.
What's your plan?
3.5 yrs to go. If we all survive ...
No it doesn't.
GOP eugenics. Losers can't afford healthcare, so let them die.
So way out of line!
http://www.nationalreview.com/article/449010/health-care-debate-left-rhetoric-dangerously-stupid?utm_source=social&utm_medium=facebook&utm_campaign=goldberg&utm_content=stupid …
Wrong Senator it only does not increase it at the rate it has been going
Sadly it has no effect to call @gop amoral. They know  they have no morality left in them. But they are good at faking to be good christian.
Deplorable, racist, homophobic, fascist, uneducated etc. etc....now immoral??? Stop it Diane & stop with scare tactics.
Please stand your ground in opposition to this so called "bill" to end Medcaid. #Immoral

Ghanim became an icon for freedom in
Since he has challenged the authoritarian law that restricts freedom of showing sympathy
#Free_Ghanim 
Simply put, that's ridiculous..
The Koch's are happy but millions are left in the lurch.Republicans get donations;Americans get the okee doke.It's complicated.
hurting children and the elderly so the wealthy can have hugh tax breaks
Jeff you are saying bipartisan then blame it all on Rs how many Ds have stepped up to help none they don't want Barry's crap legacy to go
That is not true! they're not eliminating it! they're just cutting the percentage that it goes up.Why do you have trouble understanding that
If YOU Dems hadn't been giving away the farm for votes, the HC medicaid changes via Repubs wouldn't be necessary!
My daughter has special needs! This new bill scares us!
Stealing and "redistributing" money is immoral. Stop it.
Yeah you're right, you'd rather they stay poor and stay on Medicaid instead of lifting them up and off of Medicaid.
Every American taxpayer is born into $164k in federal govt debt.  Don't give us freebies, give us freedom.
The government giveth entitlements... and the government taketh away... #FullRepeal
Immoral not to support Medicare for All!
We got to keep vigilant these snakes in the grass will throw this together over night in the back room fuck us
You mean like BHO did
Thanks for fighting so hard on this. My patients and I appreciate it.
No, whats immoral is your parties thievery.  Let It End.
No it's not. Sounds like a good idea.
Go find some lobbyist money and get out of office you sellout. Can't even define single payer because your baught and paid for.
I think it's a human rights issue to steal it. This should be illegal.
It's immoral to take something from somebody and give it to somebody else who didn't earn it
Feinstein can you explain why your state leader dem assemblyman blocked single payer? Oh didn't think so. You Hack!!!
please cont. To fight for us all, thank you
