there's no leverage, that's a made up story.
Didn't bother Trump.
Di, Russia had so much over Clinton and her unsecured server. She was the compromised candidate
What do you mean?
Not WH issue, tho.... security is not influenced by president.  He was fired in 2014.....if I read right....so PBO knew and got rid of him..
why are Clapper and Yates not being asked if someone with undisclosed debt to Russia could be compromised?
How would debt compromise anyone?
someone publicly states they don't owe Russia money when their taxes would clearly show they do. Fairly obvious.
Where on your taxes would you list you owe Russia money?
I guess we would have to see the taxes. Easy enough to produce, unless...
Taxes don't list who you owe money. So they are not relevant.
you have no idea what might show up on a billionaire's financial records. Easy enough to prove, unless he's hiding.
I know there is no line on any tax return that asked who you owe money to. Taxes are irrelevant.
BRAVO'S BRAVO'S BRAVO'S BRAVO'S BRAVO'S BRAVO'S
Please, please,  STOP trump. We are now a banana Republic & he is a dictator getting stronger! We need a REAL #trumprussia invest. NOW
Time to bring witness intimidation charges against Trump
He has leverage over the US. Let's have a re-election to show Russia what democracy is really like.
**** KINDA SAD YOU GOTTA EXPLAIN THE OBVIOUS TO MEN WHO CALL US "THE WEAKER SEX"?? WELL IT'S OUR GOP WHO ACT LIKE BRAIN DEAD PUSSIES!
Doh
"when he's a traitorous piece of shit." 
Respectfully submitted.
Really?  You wouldn't want that?  Huh.  How about a position where the secretary of state was involved with selling Uranium to them? #irony
That's not leverage for blackmail, try again sparky.
Completing a transaction, if true, wouldn't necessarily constitute black mail. On the other hand election related corruption, blackmail
Which....there has literally been no evidence of for how many months now?  Six?  Something like that?
If your Trump, then yes, you would want that.
NO. WE DO NOT.
What recourse do we have as citizens if some of the people charged with finding the truth are bought off or compromised?
#CountryB4Party #SallyYatesAPatriot
Sally Yates tried to save Trump from the epic embarrassment of failing in court. He didn't listen to her twice. Both serious bad judgement.
@MrDane1982 Same goes for a president.
DiFi  Here's What #Treason Looks Like Ted Kennedy Not @GenFlynn  Ted Kennedy's KGB Correspondence @POTUS 
Nor would you want a president who is compromised by #trumprussia
Or keep him employed for 18 days longer after you found out he was!!!
And the fact that the Russians have information on Flynn to have leverage over him is more than enough reason for Trump not to hire him!
Frightening she had to say what should go w/out saying. How much more danger are we exposed to than now known? Many crimes to reveal here!
No proof whatsoever that Flynn's time compromised National Security.  He was removed from his post. Nothing there.
We don’t want a president vulnerable to Russian blackmail but then having a #PathologicalLiarInTheWhiteHouse should also bother somebody
Yates gets fired, keeps Flynn. Should we be concerned?!
Perhaps the NSA position should require Senate approval after this travesty in negligent vetting.
Well, duh..
And how did Iran have leverage with Obama with the cash payments,,,
Should've asked about the recommendations by DOJ to Comey NOT to expose non theat email revelation in Oct.
It's difficult to get past the GOP's obsession w/Clinton emails and AG Yates position on the travel ban. Totally out of touch with reality.
Grassley worked really hard to try to help the cover-up..
Ted Kennedy's KGB Correspondence  https://spectator.org/39381_ted-kennedys-kgb-correspondence/ …  #Treason
But Trump does because he has no choice. Putin has Kompramat and so does the FBI now. Too bad we can't indict a sitting President.
Ted Kennedy's KGB Correspondence
Um, Duh! We get that. Trump doesn't. 
#Trumprussia 
#SallyYatesIsAPatriot
but the President is in a position where the Russians have leverage over him ...and you drag your feet investigating it
Kinda basic, no?
Please ask about Rep Cummings letter to VP Pence advising him of Flynn
Tell me Sen Fienstien how many times u been leveraged/negative impacts to your husbands business interests/ask Maxine Waters about hers! Sad
Sally Yates on Flynn: "I don't have any evidence at all what so ever"
@SenateDems @NancyPelosi ,hi,gen m f did tharts to expose false rusns,as Putin,still high active in spying subtrfg,warned ppl
no one has any leverage over flynn. you are delusional.
it's time to find out which member of Obama Adm (or congress) leaked classified info and put them in jail
Trump does as do all your GOP colleagues who fled the hearing!
As an America I want an independent prosecutor and investigator! The GOP is more worried about people finding out.
finding out what?
And we're going to demand that we get answers from this president and his silly religious sidekick.
answers regarding what evidence?
Flynn was hoisted by his own petard. What a tangled web we weave when first we practice to deceive! Shakespeare never gets old
Or the President...
#RussiaTrump
Sen.Dianne Feinstein of CALIFORNIA
I wonder if the Republicans understand the gravity of that? We need independent investigators
I imagine they do, but refuse to acknowledge.
Difi ask Clapper/Yates if Cambridge Analytical played a part in our 2016 election?
Curious why the WH and no one in the GOP agrees with this?
Seems like a somewhat reasonable statement.
All you have to know if there's no collusion.
