(2/2) I very much regret that the president has chosen this dark path for our country.
Stand up and be counted against this ban. Thank you
Awaiting gloom President DJT, by hurting those already hurt.
Please also vote NO for the nominees of Donald Trumps cabinet. ALL OF THEM.
.@SenFeinstein you "regret" the President banning muslims/refugees? How about you "denounce" it as amoral? You "condemn" it as unamerican?
You would look good in her seat
Please please find a way to start the impeachment process against Donald Trump and all in his cabinet!!!
We voted for you, please vote against Trump's selections for office!! We will not stand with you if you don't.
Thank you for your courageous resistance. Now it's time to take it further. #WithholdConsent #NoBan #NoWall
Your regret is insufficient @SenFeinstein Withdraw consent. On everything. Gum up the works Feinstein.
Vote NO to Sessions and DeVos
Fight for your constituents. Stop approving his Cabinet nominees starting w/@jeffsessions. #NoBanNoWall #NoDAPL #BannonsCoup
Impeachment is necessary
Stand strong, please, and oppose the Muslim Ban.
I very much regret your years in California
You. are the dark path for our country, and those like you. politicians like you is why we the people want term limits
I very much regret you're still in office. Term limits in order. You're an embarrasement.
Impeach him! Impeach him!
.. for enforcing already established laws?? Wtf is wrong with you ppl? The republicans hold majority. Remember?
julie is ineffective Russian propaganda troll @USATrollWatch reported blocked moving on
Thank you for your opposition to the ban. #NoBanNoWall #NoMuslimBanTO
Block all nominees by all means necessary! NO Sessions!
Thank you for your opposition to this ban. It has none of the values we have always shared as a nation of immigrants.
should we believe you voting record?
TY! Now you must block the Sessions AG vote.  His divisive record shows he is wrong for the country.#stopsessions #NoBanNoWall
Seems like you're fine with the path. 

Also, answer your phone.
When will the Senate act to stop this Hitler? Are you not concerned about what he just did to the NSC as well??? HELP!

.@SenFeinstein Thanks for standing up for immigrants & refugees.
SO DON'T CONFIRM SESSIONS!!!!!
Stop voting FOR any of his nominees!  Especially those coming up- he does not deserve the benefit of doubt
I very much appreciate your stand on refugees.
Then stop confirming his nominees! If you don't have the fight in you anymore, step aside for someone that does!!
...That you are helping him take
I don't agree with the wall and I definitely don't agree with the ban.  Please take steps to remove Trump from office.
You have voted to approve all his nominees. Every. Single. One. You can't support Trump then claim outrage. You are out in 2018.
Where were you when Obama was arming the rebels that caused this refugee crisis in the first place?!
Why are you flipping out over a temporary ban?
What's dark about defending & protecting American's from EVIL?! Remember the woman nearly beheaded in Oklahoma?! #cluelesstwit
That's nice. So are you actually going to do something? Or will you just furrow your brow and look deeply concerned?
Then why do you keep voting for his nominees?
I don't
Thank you for opposing the President on this ban.  Please oppose Jeff Sessions' nomination.
Stand firm, stand strong, know that you are on the right side of history. This stain on our nation cannot go unchallenged.
These statements are empty without action. DO SOMETHING.
Stand up for immigrants and refugees, then and stop confirming all of @POTUS unfit and bigoted nominees - you work for US.
Well, we here in CA are thrilled to know that you "very much regret" a Trump action. We would prefer more than your rhetoric.
Maybe you should put your votes where your mouth is.  Talk is cheap. #resist
Instead of "very much regret" how about "am livid".  Where is the outrage? #WeAreWatchingAndHoldingYouToAccount
STOP all Congressional activity until the ban is removed! -A Constituent #WallofUs #Indivisible #StoptheBan
I am a constituent. I agree and thank you for your position on this issue.
I agree; don't vote for Trump's cabinet nominees definitely not Sessions nor DeVoss
.@SenFeinstein VOTE NO: Puzder, Price, Perry, DeVos, Tillerson. They are self-dealers, no exp in area they would oversee & No to Sessions!
Now you need to stop ALL Of his Cabinet nominees. No to ALL. (CA resident, 94002 zip)
please do not collaborate.  Vote no on EVERY cabinet pick.  #Obstruct45
The only dark path is the one you are going down to obstruct the WILL OF THE PEOPLE WHO VOTED FOR THIS PRES>
Hi I'm a constituent and taxpayer from California. Do something to stop this please
. @SenFeinstein what about the unchecked secrecy of the #surveillancestate ? Many #TrumpTrash nut jobs across America are abusing it?  #AMDG
Donald Trump doesn't "Choose".  He doesn't think.  He doesn't ask advice.  He simply acts. He needs to be impeached.
Then stand up to him! Do something more than just tweeting!  Save America and our democracy!
Thank you, Senator.  The EO against people from certain Muslim countries is a disgrace and is also frightening.
vote against cabinet nominees and strongly condemn immigration executive order
Most critical time in your career, stand for democracy NOW and STRONGLY
don't approve anyone for his cabinet that will be part of the dark path #noTillerson #noSessions #noPrice
Thank you for speaking up. Please resist and take action.
keeping US citizens safe is dark?!?!?!?
why Are you voting yes on his cabinet? Retire
Then why do you keep voting for his cabinet appointees? If there's a broader strategy, you need to tell us about it.
tried to call your office, got vm, cut off & unable to leave message - twice. How do you expect to hear from constituents?
Thank you for speaking out. Please be sure to vote no on DeVos and other horrible Trump appointments.
Stand up and fight! No progress on his goals! No caving in! DO SOMETHING OTHER THAN SPOUT PLATITUDES!
What are you going to do about it?
Thanks for the statement but you can do more than regret! @SenFeinstein
@ChrisCopeComedy It wasn't Trump who selected those countries.. Obama selected those 7 countries as safety risks
We need to do more than regret. A LOT more.
Thank you!
thank you!
Regret is fine, but need to see more action from you & all our Democratic representatives. Response so far has been weak
Show us the STRENGTH Dems have in NOT voting for trump cabinet! STOP him these Russian ties are unacceptable and scary!!
impeachment please. Before Bannon  drops a nuke on Chicago
Oppose Trump, reach across the aisle & get the Republicans to do what's right, opposing this ban & Trump's cabinet nominees.
STAND UP!!! The time for regret is so 2016.  Get in there and make some noise for the people who elected you!
Thank you.
please actively oppose this!  And stop caving on incompetent cabinet nominees.  CA is watching!
My senator!  Thank you for standing up for the oppressed and unfortunate.
please actively oppose this, at least Quit Caving On manifestly incompetent cabinet nominees!  CA is watching!
Is that it? That's all u r going to say? Pls step aside & let someone who cares take over. Kamala Harris is @ WH protesting right now!
thank you for your opposition to this EO and #MuslimBan
Thank you for speaking out. Your constituents in California look to you to step up and fight.
Please continue your efforts to oppose this shameful  action. Our country's ideals are being trashed and it is appalling!
Senator Feinstein - to regret his actions is a start. What are you, and those who represent us, actually doing to STOP it?
I'm a constituent & thku 4 speaking 2 fairness & inclusion #impeachim
Regret? Is that all? How about #resist ?!!!!!!
So why do you keep voting for his nominees?
FOCUS: BANNON works for Putin & manipulates Trump 4 PUTIN. PLEASE - we MUST #IMPEACH on ANY grounds at this point.  #EMERGENCY
please make sure the federal court order is complied with immediately. It's critical the rule of law be maintained.
#StopPresidentBannon
“I very much regret” is NOT the strong disavowal I expect from my California Senator! Tell me how you plan to FIGHT THIS.
.@SenFeinstein VoteNO on Sessions.
please block him at every turn. This is nothing short of a coup.
#Resist, then! #Disrupt, then! #Defund, then! Fight Bannon's manipulation. Fight the Cabinet nominees. Strategize! Organize!
Then isn't it time to start opposing his cabinet nominees?
Please do something. Deeds not words.
you voting for all his appointees is part of the problem
. @SenFeinstein This Californian asks that you oppose these cabinet nominations and do something about the #MuslimBan Regret is not action!
POTUS is growing increasingly unhinged, and is unfit for the office. He must be removed.
People are at #SFO where are you? This milquetoast toothless bs isn't cutting it. Join the people or give your seat up
Please for the love of God DO MORE. I voted for you so you could vote DOWN Trump's appointments & take a visible/vocal stand.
regret isn't enough, what will you DO to stop this?
then why are you voting in the #SwampCabinet. Two-faced much?
Thank you, Senator.
Diane please ACT!
THEN DO SOMETHING. Fight! Rally your party. Fight the GOP every step of the way. EVERY. STEP.
when are you going to do something and stop being a Trump enabler?
I am a constituent and very disappointed in your lack of any meaningful opposition to the assault on our democracy this week.
we need you to fight for us in Washington. Please pass on Tillerson, Devos, & price
we re in LAX. Where are you? Action speacks lowder than words
.@SenFeinstein @HawaiiShira Apparently you don't have a problem with ALL 'Dark Paths' http://www.vdare.com/posts/obama-also-put-a-hold-on-muslim-immigrants-in-2011-and-the-countries-he-banned-were-the-same-but-he-didnt-mean-it …
Is it time to arrest President Bannon yet? And his puppet Trump of course.
Regret is not enough! Please do something about it!
then do something about it and help the Democrats find a spine.No more votes for Trump's cabinet. We Californians r watching.
. @SenFeinstein LOUDER BOLDER MORE. Show us your outrage.
not enough to regret. Check and balance. #DoYourJob
Senator we need you to take a strong stand. Pls fight HARD!
