These people are driven only by spite, not by a desire to do what is right. I hope they pay dearly for their betrayal of their constituents.
Call everyone of these lying, cheating, thieving congressional GOPiggies let them u will vote for any Democrat on ticket, hell just do it!

Bait and switch. We know that you know better, Senator.
Must admit, absurd is something you know a lot about.
And you trust Republicans at this point?
The only way to ensure a bill does not become law is to vote NO!!!!

Can you trust an administration that lie every day ,that dont believe the FBI, CIA.Can America trust theywill no pass TRUMP CARE?NO #saveACA
Can't trust a bunch of liars and criminals
Now Americans will flood the gates to vote for the party of the people, by the people & FOR THE PEOPLE!  So grateful to you & our party.
Makes as much sense as anything else this admin & @GOP GOPhave done...
Damn, if it made sense that would be really suspicious.
If we think about it, it makes sense in this admin & This Congress! Chaos started 11/8/16 - the art of this @POTUS ! #25thAmendmentNow
Stay strong. Please try to convince them to be responsible and work on a smart bipartisan solution.
Not going to happen: Dems believe healthcare is a right; GOP believes it's a privilege. Can't compromise on that
I'd say "this is not normal" but in the era of The Trump this may be the most normal thing to happen in days... maybe weeks.
Use every trick in the book to shut this down.  Fuck decorum, this is attempted mass murder.
We're so far down the rabbit hole I fear we'll never surface.
The GOP can't govern.
They all lie
Absurdity Seems To Be The GOP's Stock In Trade Of Late. They Have Become The Party Of Crazy.
Inmates trying to take over the Asylum
They are incompetent 
God this is insane!!
Ludicrous!
I watched & saw the utter bitterness of McConnell.  I sensed he would, as he has, prefer it fail considering the horrific plan they had!
Blaze Starr once said, "Never trust a man who says, 'Trust me'"
Anyone who trusts Republicans to fix it later is in for a shock.
This is insanity. I thank you for fighting against it.
Legislative malpractice.
It is absolutely absurd!!!
And they're taking their word for that??!!  GET IT IN WRITNG, signed with blood.
How are you personally handling this madness?
So this is what it's all come to. #MAGA one falsehood at a time. @POTUS 
Straight up crazy
This is crazy.
@GOP you are freaking cowards!
How many ways can they say "Hi, we're Republicans and we're NUTS"!
Um, we had this problem in junior high, but, like, those girls were sooo two-faced and like, it never really worked out...
Republicans are despicable human beings who constantly try to dumb down Americans with their language/behavior. #pitchforks
It's nuts! Of course they want the House to accept their bill! What happened to representing constituents?
A damn lie is what it is.
They're trying to throw the hot potato back to the House so that Ryan gets the blame instead of McConnell if it passes.
If the senate believes the house republicans will keep that promise they're dumber than dirt
I've run out of things to say/ think about this madness except # thankyou for standing strong throughout this debacle. It must be surreal.
And who would trust Ryan if he promised to pull out? #sorrynotsorry
They need to check into rehab
They have all lots their Minds Sen Feinstein.  Is There anything you can do?
Doublespeak
GOP about as smart as the trump core! No wonder it's circus chaos on the hill. GEEZ!
That is so stupid.
@MaxineWaters @CoryBooker @RepValDemings @ldforry @RepAdamSchiff @RepBarbaraLee @RepYvetteClarke @RepCummings @AP #stupidisasstupiddoes #ass
And bullshit
Lets play Hot Potato
You can't trust the House!
That is BS -- because WE KNOW PAUL. He's a LIAR.
This is an unprecedented attempt to dupe the American people in plain site. No Dem input whatsoever. This is a travesty. #KillTheBill
Absurd is too kind
This country is a disaster.
What planet did she come from?
Don't bleeeeeve them...
End this sham now @JeffFlake and @SenJohnMcCain #VoteNO
So does the Senate call the Kremlin second after the House? Do they call Koch Brothers to tell them how to vote?
Absurd!
Because @GOPSenMajority doesn't have the balls to vote against it.  What cowards!
Absurd indeed!!
I wonder we're we have gone wrong what happen to the LAND Of Dreams America. Now is the land the suffering disgrace no justice for people
TELL THEM TO JUST VOTE NO!!!!!
Rock & A Hard place - House nor Senate want to pull the trigger - Need to find a few GOP to throw their body on the grenade & vote NO
Is this Republicans think there playing a chest game this the life of millions of people. And we are not nobodies puppets either.
Crazy town. Crazy  #impeach_drump

You have to admit that both @HouseGOP & @SenateGOP are incompetent racists fixated on undoing Pres Obama's future legacy. #HealthCareVote
obamacare was set up to fail , all you democrats want is single payer , then they can just take 40% of your check each week , no thanks
Is it... no I need to say this in My language!
Ah ya They PROMISE! 

Does that really make it better? 

They are learning that to through someone under the bus is "MF fine as wine" Really
That makes no sense
Pinky swear?
Playing Hot Potato with our healthcare is unacceptable.
@skim8201 @imranjiwani13 what??...
I am gonna put these fresh baked cookies on the counter to cool, so kids, while I am out don't eat them, ok!
They will get it through one way or another.    They have no integrity.
Why can't everyone come together & break up into 3 groups mixed Dems & Reps.Go to rooms hash things out & then come together with ideas!
Makes absolutely no sense.
And @SpeakerRyan has now IN WRITING said he won't promise that!

Trust in Paul Ryan to do what he said he would. HMMM sounds like a winning theory. McConnell and Ryan are in bed with Trump. #realdonaldlies
Is this really how gov't works now?
From reading Ryan's statement, pretty clear the House GOP leadership is not promising that, though its deliberately ambiguous.
This is not how our government should work...
Let's see: pass the bill; run for re-election; respond to ads which quote you calling the bill a fraud.  Sounds like winning to me!
@SenateGOP and this White House is a reality show for dummies designed to disorient those seeking logic and common sense
Vote No
Totally absurd
Please DO NOT SIGN trust bill
Please tell me what kind of stuff are they taking? Just teĺl the repubs that I want the kind of insurance they have.Oh, thats right its free
This whole country is ABSURD and controlled by an orange TURD!
#TheInsanityOfDonsVanity
 Bizarro world, here we are.
Insane and proves they don't care about us. #repealtheGOP
Totally absurd.  Surely, through your long standing relationships you can have some personal conversations and make this right.
I bet you never dreamed it would be like this.
I announce that I will vote for a Republican if they promise not to serve in government.
Now that's leadership. 
Who could have guessed it would be hard for Republicans to govern when they don't believe in government?
they want to be seen as responsible for the bill by Trump's base, and not responsible by sane people
They've been sucked into that alternate universe.
This is what is being pushed by the leader of the GOP. The rest fall in behind. Please get Trump out while you can.
And Ryan said he is waiting with pen in hand to sign it as is if it passes Senate.  You need to get ahold of McCain & Graham, talk truths.
Is this even constitutional? Ask .@SenJohnMcCain if this is the return to order he meant in his grand senate speech??
What is wrong with the GOP? They have lost their collective minds!?!?!
And the GOP Pols are so well known for keeping their promises <makes jerk-off motion with thumb & index finger> We're screwed.
These are among the people running our country, folks!  
We need big changes in 2018 and 2020.
Amen
???
It is clear that the GOP are not capable of governing, only capable of obstructing. Congress must remember the day they were sworn in, & why
Yeah because the house is trustworthy.   Vote NO or lose your careers. Shameful and cowardly to even consider! Thank you for your NO!
That is a BS line. Keep up the fight
That's not how it works! That's not our Democracy.
Who wld believe any1 from GOP anyway? Moreover, why wld any1 in the GOP think any1 in the GOP was trustworthy? Their party leader lies daily
Seriously
Here is my take on the @SenateGOP doing healthcare reform
Absolutely absurd! Now, could  you ban that little Italian Mafia man and 45 from America's Whitehouse?!
There's no need for these shenanigans. The process needs transparency & scrutiny by all & should not be rushed. Also, GOP cannot be trusted.
WTH are they wasting our tax dollars playing  stupid games. Get some real work done for the people, who they should report to!
@SenateGOP
Does Sen. know they're doing flips for unpopular Pres which <20% of pop support & falling, incl @boyscouts , @DeptofDefense & @BarackObama
As if you can trust the House? They'll pass the bill as is and Ryan & McConnell will get the last laugh. That's a scam that's movie-worthy.
The movie would be a rerun 
It's a joke to them! Not only is it absurd it's lunacy
Any Senator saying that should be impeached by fellow members of the Senate, this kind of insanity will collapse the nation.
please please convince either Hatch or Graham or McCain to not vote for this. start over. this is crazy.
Ryan is already to vote skinny bill threw
This is NOT how our government works! Stupid games to make tRump think he has a win.
Way to deflect on all the negative attention and corrupt actions your party is taken!
Sad what is going on in America!
through the goddamn looking glass. (excuse my language senator. I mean no disrespect  I can't take it !)"
Defies all common sense.  #Resist
The @GOP used to be an honorable party!
Way to deflect senator! Your party is turning into one miserable hate class!!!
Voting for something that nobody ever read, that the CBO hasn't scored, that the public knows nothing about is not what they were voted for!
Please do whatever you can to speak to your colleagues in the @GOP they admitted that it's a fraud yet they are voting for it anyway?
Do you believe them?
BUY 1 GET 2 FREE WILL BE NXT
I know, don't they sound like Democrats?
granted i dont believe the house can be trusted but the plan was a good one so that you all could work together
They have all gone insane. I think the zombie apocalypse is upon us.
It's completely absurd and how can it possibly even be constitutional or legal? How is any of this happening? This is not regular order.
It's borderline ridiculous!
Close.  They will vote it if it goes to discussion bipartisan work to fix it for all.  LindseyGraham was extremely vocal bout this
Rumor on Twitter is that house has passed martial law?
A profile in GOP Cowardice
You can't trust lying Ryan!
They know this is an unconscionable bill and possibly they wrote it by the directive of their liar in Chief Trump
@SpeakerRyan is just waiting for this bill.  It will be passed the same day @SenJohnMcCain @lisamurkowski. They've already have stated this
you got some morons working in congress how did they ever get there
Or they could do something completely radical and NOT VOTE FOR IT THEMSELVES. Talk about passing the buck.
This is meshugganah! All this to avoid working with Dems to fix ACA?
Did they swear to their parents when they were kids that they'd eat  all their spinach too??
That has no rhyme or reason. They need to vote 'No' the House (R's)  would pass it. That is ridiculous.
How can sane Republican senators a) trust the whack jobs in the house, and b) vote for such a "deal" ? @NBCPolitics
Can we all wake up soon please? This dream is getting weirder by the minute
It is utterly absurd! It's madness! Plz stay strong, Dianne, the whole GOP seems to be going nuts!
Wow!!! That's horrible! No accountability at all...
#JustSayNo
Crazy garbage as usual. Why can't they (certain GOP) just try to graduate from kindergarten & at least move on to grammar school?!
Totally. Keep fighting.

Hunt, the @GOP lie...
That's the most stupidest thing I ever heard when does what the people want matter
What The Hell?????
The whole of Congress and our pathetic pres are a domestic and international laughingstock today #SkinnyRepeal  #sanctions
Absurd is you taking money from insurance companies and blocking #SinglePayer
There s no middle ground for the parties. Now go for door #3, #singlepayer, use gov't clout w insurance and pharma to negotiate better costs
Wha..... ? Sounds like Capitol Hill is become Dysfunction Junction.
vs "But,we have to pass the bill so that you can find out what is in it." - Nancy Pelosi
Just say NO to pinky promises.  R you kidding me?!  It's a 5 alarm fire & GOP is making a deal with the arsonists. @MaddowBlog @morningmika
President Trump has ordered a fiddle for Mitch McConnell to play as the Senate burns. The president was kind enough to deliver it overnight.
https://goo.gl/images/ua2QmT 
I'm not a government expert but this doesn't seem right.
Ugh
They need to say no now and take a stand.
JFC!! How did these wimpy spineless men get to be leaders?! It's disgusting. They stand for nothing but destruction. Worthless. Pathetic.
Keep up the fight Senator Feinstein!
would be hysterical if it wasn't so scary.....

can we please make Catch 22 a mandatory read for all republicans in congress?
And, they trust their word? That's a laugh
Yep.  Scotty has beamed us all to an alternate universe.  Help us Capts Kirk, Picard and Janeway. This can't be real.
There is no guarantee that the House won't pass it as written. It should not be sent to the House until it is a good bill. Vote NO
And which House Republican can make that promise?
I can't decide whether I'm witnessing real life or the complete works of Jonathan Swift are being serialised on Twitter.
I swear these ppl can't govern. They should have never been elected.....smh! #RepublicansAreEvil
Watching the GOP fumble around with this skinny bill
Uh huh ....
And the House is so trustworthy!
We may just need to change this sign to hours with the GOP (wait we got Trump make that minutes)
I'm. Dead
Bottom line is DEMOCRATS &,REPUBLICAN RINOS are Colluding to keep ACA in place. Your all LIARS
That is totally unacceptable.  Rs are asking to be replaced by Ds if they approve theis sham bill.
It's like Bugs Bunny (BB) and Daffy Duck (DD) argument: 

BB: Yes!
DD: No!
BB: Yes
DD: No
BB: No
DD: Yes
BB: ok.
