FACT: Defunding Planned Parenthood would greatly reduce the amount of unborn children slaughtered everyday.#PinkOut #DefundPP
Or increase the number of women injured while attempting unlicensed abortions (Prohibition never works)
Post-birth murder is illegal but people still do it. Should we fund the murderers w/ tax money?
1. Look up Hyde Amendment. Y'all missed the boat on the taxpayer funding thing by over 30 years.
Lol, if the $ NOW doesnt fund abortions, why would defunding PP "increase the number... injured [from]unlicensed abortions?"
Funding is complex. Defunding PP would probably lead to at least some PP being shut down. Even though the federal funding only
covers non-abortive woman's healthcare it is a significant portion of the operating budget.
Here is an extended metaphor to help better understand.
Repub's know that NO FEDERAL MONEY goes for abortions. They just don't want to help the least among us. FIGHT THEIR CRUELTY!
The least among us are the defenseless babies in the womb.
What about the babies who are born? Trump stopped school lunch programs 4 children & Meals on Wheels. He's hurting young & old.
No he did not stop either. Those were never discussed other than in the media to scare people
What's scaring people is spending more money on weapons than China, Russia, Germany, England, etc combined, while cutting funds 2 the poor..
What essential services are you referring to? The one where we live only provides abortion and birth control, both paid by Obamacare.
According to CBO, 15m babies born into poverty due to lack of family planning.
If it means fewer babies slaughtered and sold for parts it's worth it!
you are not being honest with me or anybody else when you talk like this.
is crushing a fetus'head essential
Paul and Ryan, Pence and Trump are just fying evil.   I can't wait until all women and voters vote them out of office.
Think about this when you make your decision on Gorsuch. #NoGorsuch
Defunding Planned Parenthood would mean fewer murders of babies and help end the great holocaust.
I relied on #PlannedParenthood for years as a freelance artist for annual exams. They are necessary, compassionate and legit.
Educate your self on this. 95% of PP care is abortions. Only 5% is for other issues at certain locations.
they don't do mammograms. If they cared about women they would. It's about GREED AND MONEY
But you could buy a F-35 instead? Ok, well, maybe just the nose cone of a F-35. Think of the starving defense contractors!!!
not true.
other orginazations can take what PP does. They are a 501 that makes political contributions. Not good.
are all for Eugenics.
killing babies is right. #keepyourlegsclosed
so no other clinics in the country provide the same services? Or is this just your cause du jour?
@HDVGemstones @MELANIATRUMP you want to help women?Have your husband stop attacking programs which help women & children!
ObamaCare offers all necessary health care services
FACT:theACA provided coverage for these essential health care services.PP=murder, genocide, ethnic cleansing @MicheleMHawkins
#babykillers = the demonCratic party
CA leads the largest economies in world. State fund PP
Shouldn't health care be cover by your Obama care?  Guess Obama care isn't that good.
no what's awful is the murder of millions of innocent lives you will have to answer for this one day hope you're ready
Wrong!!!
Thank you Senator Feinstein
@AllLeftNews This monster and his bullies are destroying the very foundation on which our Country was built. #PsychoTrump
you've been in the sun too long.
And viable fetuses being ripped apart alive.
- this is a lie, you mean abortions and bc
thanks for standing up for Planned Parenthood!!
Deplorables don't care...and we can't reach them with reason. The only option here is nuclear war against the far right.
I'm deplorable because I care about the lives of the unborn?
WE know that; others live in a lie.  Let them eat Ivanka's line of shoes! #LyinGOP #PPsavesLives
GOP republicans prioritize tax cuts for rich over women's health
not true. All these essential health services are covered under the ACA. PP is redundant and shouldn't be federally funded.
PP is just a provider, and should not be singled out
wait, what? People can choose PP as their doctor and use the ACA insurance to cover the costs?
Okay, that ones old & not working. Pull abortions out & you're set. Don't throw the baby out with bath water (no pun intended)
If they would stop slaughtering and selling baby parts then they could stay funded
Fewer PREGNANT women.  

#PP is the place to go for prenatal health - essential for a child's post-natal health.
You know those old boys only pay women to orally examine THEIR essential parts. They simply do not care for non-rich males.
Abortion is murder not birth control.
If you believe in mystic, it's really neither.
Claiming that abortion is an essential health care service is a lie. You're fighting to end the lives of thousands of babies.
That's ridiculous. Abortion is less than 3% of what PP does + they R NOT ALLOWED 2 USE FEDERAL FUNDS for abortions. Defunding PP HURTS WOMEN
They actually do important things...like cancer screening for woman who don't have money for health care. #WarOnWomen!
you fewer women would receive abortions & have their babies dead bodies sold. Didn't realize that was essential.
FACT: defunding PP would save the taxpayers 500 million dollars per year forcing PP to fund itself
add your name to filibuster and help protect our reproductive rights.  we need leadership on SCOTUS vote.
Please define essential. Do you mean all the services they don't provide?
also it's a reimbursement not broad based funding but actually for services provided
FACT: Everyone should have insurance by ACA law. Therefore PP is obsolete. Birth control: no copay.
means fewer unborn babies get murdered...Shame on you
Speaking of women, I blame @HillaryClinton for this and every other horrible thing that's happening to the most vulnerable.
love you!
always have not liked the options there but still as a father I was always overprotective buthad toremembertheir bodiesnotmine
public funds should not be used for abortions.  Make the contributions voluntary...opt in or out...I'm ok with it.
but Melania said .....
Republicans realize this is your last term in office!
Good Wednesday,Sen.Feinstein
Please vote NO on Gorsuch #NoRussiaProbeNoSCOTUSRobe
he's going to get in no matter what. It's just a matter of do you want to fight this now and lose later.
#Prochoice #PinkOut #IStandWithPP
