Sir, the subsidies were initiated by an Obama EO to bailout insurance companies, already ruled illegal in the courts. Now it is official
Joining my health cost sharing Association today. Thank you Trump. Now my $695 can go towards actual coverage.
Can you stop him? . Our lives Depends on it!!!! I am hysterical right now.
Calm down.  He won before on Price.  He will prevail!
Calm down? I feel like someone just gave me a death sentence!!!!!!
So you have Obamacare?

Trump is hurting so may people as he moves up his agenda to destroy President Obama’s legacy. I’m confidant Xavier Becerra will prevail because he has right on his side.
#liberals are so brainwashed by their own party! Are you totally unaware that a Judge already deemed this as UNCONSTITUTIONAL during #Obama
Instead why don't you put forth a plan that works?  Dem plan is to always throw as much money as possible at a problem.
You've had 7 years to come up with something better & HAVEN'T. Is #ACA perfect? Of course not. Fix what's wrong but keep what's wouking
Please do. We should be suing this administration over each and every one of their irresponsible actions. Keep them in court!
Hold on Ginsberg your life depends on it.
Typical California libtard. You care more about illegal aliens and pronouns than citizens and international passing of aids.. shut up..lol
Obamacare is dying and it doesn't make sense to keep wasting our tax money on subsidies! There are millions like myself without insurance
and if things don't change soon I'll be dead before I ever get any! I'm 55 and have not had ins for 20 yrs. Thank God I have been healthy!
Please do.
Of course you are.  That’s what you do - file lawsuits - seems like one a day lately.....sigh.
State HC block grants are looking better all the time.
Si en Uruguay, un pais chico u pobre podemos pagar nuestra parte de salud. Por que en el pais mas rico del mundo no pueden?
think it would be great if people got together to sue the hell out of you!
Please sir. Our lives depend on it.
Sorry, America isn't #Communist, and we don't want #Marxist #Obamacare bankrupting this nation. Try moving to #China & leave #America alone
You are wasting your words here, these people only care about themselves! I am 55 and have not had ins for 20yrs! My son died of C over AHC
So I have no sympathy for these crybaby government tit suckers! Go ahead and live fearing not being able to even afford death! FYall!
It is about time
Please! Do it!
Stop getting in the way of our President doing his job
I retire next week and enter the open market for 2018.  WTF do I do now? #25thAmendment
Sign up! They aren’t advertising but go online and sign up! Long time til ‘18 many things could change for better!
Right on!  California proud!
we can't afford health care now!!! We need something to be done now!! Get on board or jump off the train!!! Obama care sucks!!
Its a death sentence for many including m thah paralyzed son Dennis.
Thank you
Thank yu, Mr. Becerra, on behalf of the millions who will be permanently destroyed by this unethical and corrupt decision!
unethical? a federal court already ruled the payments were unlawful. Upset because the president is honoring the law? How fucking moronic!!!
Not your money or Trump's money. We, the hard working Americans are paying for these lazy "poors".
Thank you for not allowing Trump to get away with doing this and hurting people...God bless you, Mr. Becerra!
@Mfjean0213 @AGBecerra
Definitely from a believable source. #LiarInChief press secretary.
Please do and when federal marshals are leading you away in handcuffs maybe you will not be so defiant . Somebody needs to flush California . The stench of treason is becoming over whelming
PLEASE try dipshite, According to Constitution only CONGRESS can appro money, NOT obama and his EO's. In short you will lose BIG TIME
Thank you for your undeniable leadership, I know you will succeed!
get stuffed
So go ahead and do it and let us know when you did it.  If you need a show of hands, mine is raised.
U bleeding hearts pay to subsidize , we don’t want to anymore. We r drowning.   They American people
You’ll do nothing just like Congress has been doing for years.  Shut up and sit down.
I love how you lie to your voters. Article 1 Section 9 of the Constitution declares that the subsidies are unconstitutional.
Compulsory Patriotism is Unconstitutional. @realDonaldTrump violated his oath of office! #IMPEACH
Thanks!
Please do it
Do it!!!
Reading these comments makes me realize how right Hillary was when she said the average democrat is easy to manipulate. Very sad.
Go ahead you have the floor!
The subsidies were illegal! Good Luxk with that #Idiot
After you get out of jail  #MenendezTrial #DrainThePedoSwamp
Prepared? Whats that mean? Are you or aren't you going to sue? And those of you aggrieved, seek a collective legal injunction.
I believe this EO should and can be effectively tied up in courts for years. There are due process and equal protecting issues at stake.
The President has over stepped his Constitutional authority. People, organisations, agencies, etc., should be lining up to file lawsuits.
Thank you! My family and millions of other Americans are depending on you to protect us from this monster.
Please AG Becerra, it is not hyperbole to say lives depend on you.
While your at it help folks like me that had to come out of retirement 2 pay for healthcare for me and my wife and others that never worked
We support you and Thank You!
We need more attorney generals to step up and follow suit. #suetrump #filenow
Then, please do.  Thank you.
DO WHAT HAS TO BE DONE..THE EMPORER HAS NO CLOTHES...STOP THE INSANITY...
Thank heaven for people like you!
Have fun
Please.
Thank you! We are counting on you !
Thank you
Why didn't you sue to force Obama to enforce our immigration laws?
Thank you!!!!
Thank you! We need your help stat. Premiums up in CA are exorbitant
#ImpeachTrump
Good luck with that.
America: this is what heroism looks like. #FuckTrump
Please do. Only way to deal with vile trump, bring him down in court. He must be removed from office.
Millions of Americans are grateful for your efforts.
Thank you Xavier! You are a stand up guy!
Sic em!!!!
Thank you for representing the people.  We need everyone that can, to do so.  You are appreciated beyond words!
Go get him, tiger!  Thank you for being our champion. California is proud of you!
I still can't figure out why your not in jail for being involved in a seditious conspiracy to overthrow a sitting president
Thank You!
Thank you!!!
how little you guys actually know about this. becarra knows he has no chance in challenging. and you who pretend to be scared are hillarious
class action lawsuit?
Hurry! If you're ready, do it!
Do it!!
Thank you!
Go for it!
You need just to sit down and shut up
You should have sued Obama when he said we could keep our doctors.
Good, join Washington State's AG!
This is a cluster fuck of a mess he’s gotten us in ! It’s a scary thing that’s is happening
let us know how we can help
Hurry, please hurry.
Payola to insurance companies without congressional approval is unconstitutional. How much are they paying you Mr becerra?
California sucks I was born and raised there and is completely horrible compared to any other state.
California sucks I was born and raised there and is completely horrible compared to any other state in many ways.
Please try your best to save lives.
Thank you
Im going to sue you for trying to keep my health insurance so high
Thank you!! Real heroes are being revealed daily as Americans are trying to survive this administration.
someone has to stand up for those who cant stand up for themselves since our government leaders will not
go baby!
Start now cause the people need you!
Please and thank you @AGBecerra !!
the responses of your constituents looks like someone informed a bunch of toddlers Christmas was cancelled. #Pathetic #getaclue.
Sue away,

America.
Thank you
Right there with you
DO it!
Because welfare is a right.
Greatttt
Thank you
What tremendous waste of time and resources...build a liberty pole...much more definitive too...
Please do. I was just diagnosed with #crohnsdisease and am terrified of ACA being overturned.
XB
Is that all you do is sue people? Because that's all I see. If you don't like it get out!
Please do something to help us!
#Trumps actions will hurt his base more than anyone. Maybe now they'll see the light. They have themselves to thank.
How do I help and were do I sign ?
Thank you. Good luck.
Sue all you want.  The President is not obligated to continue an Unconstitutional executive order.
Thank you AG Becerra!
good for you. Someone needs to stand up to this dictator.
how much payoff did you get from george soros,obama,hillary to obstruct president trumps healthcare?
Don't delay, do so today, Show your voters you will stand up for their rights and welfare. demand #25thAmendmentNow
Please Mr Becerra sue Trump Administration because all ill Americans depend on you. After fighting for my life it is now taken from me
Please. Please. I'm sick and will die if they cant find out what is wrong with me.
Thank you!
What are you doing about PG&E burning this beautiful state down?  Do your job.
DJT just sabotaged 1/6 of the nations economy. Question: How will next Monday's Markets "adjust" to that? Any ideas? #25amendmentnow #Resist
Thank you to the whole wonderful folks at office of  CA   Atty General 
#trumpcare
Thank you!
PA AG Josh Shapiro already has.
In our great representative democracy,no one tyrant should have the ability to be opposed to popular majority and thus harm said individuals

And @TheJusticeDept will be ready for you in court.
Shouldn't the fact that states give $ to feds give them standing to demand feds provide the same access to insurance for its citizens.
Thank you for speaking up for us all.
@lakeruci This my nigg
Good. If you were in Texas,  I would volunteer to help you with the Para-Assistance.  #GetEm
More waste of money. Obamacare is bankrupting the middle class. To many subsidies already. Freeloaders need to earn healthcare!
still begging for details.
Trump is killing people. Please stop him.
What a fraud!  You know it was illegal and ruled unconstitutional. Pathetic.
Please an thank you !
You will have many supporters since @realDonaldTrump is not taking care of USA as he should... shame 
Please do help - this just feels like a recurring nightmare. When will it end?
Please get started then. #Prepared has a lot less impact than #action 
Onward, soldier

Thank you.
Thank you keep the pressure on. We will keep voting for the good
Maryland's attorney general is suing!
NO you will not!!! I am a single working mom with 2 kids in college - I have been paying $1000 a month and have SOLD my home! FU

Kick his ass (in court of course)
Thank you for representing my great state of #California.
Please do,  ASAP
Sure, it's not your money. Another waste of taxpayers dollars. Why don't u ride Jerry's train back to L.A. Oh wait, it's not ready yet.
Protect #health subsidies or profits I can't see how anyone with subsidies can even afford to go to the doctor with high out of pocket cost
Do it
Please do it, please slap his face too 
Yesss!!!!
So proud of my state of NC. We are suing
Okay lefty. What ever you want.  Btw....are you legal?
THANK GOD!!!
Lock him up lock him up
#dosomsthing
Go Team Go!
Thank U - it's also time 2 #DumpTrump Don't say this lightly bt almost every policy/person in whch he's taken action is step backward for US
Please, and thank you!!!
Quit talking about it... do it.
Fight on!
Do it!!
Xavier, please do
Please! For my mother 
Before you do, know that Obama violates the Constitution by ordering Treasury to make the subsidy payments. Means you will lose.
Make it a class action suit!  I'll co-sign!
Go get him!!!
Please do. I had cancer and still receiving treatment. I may not be able to afford insurance to continue and I’m super scared!
Seeing as how SCOTUS already ruled against Obama in this, what do you hope to accomplish?
Please. Help us.
Please intervene!  My life, my children & grandchildren's lives, lives of all of us in U.S. which matter to me, to our country are at stake.
Does anyone know how many lawsuits have been filed against 45's administration since the end of January?  Must be an unprecedented #
Of course you are... Congress didnt appropriate the funds so good luck.
