 must be stopped !!!
Please tell us what we can do to protect our national monuments. Our family will help .
RepubliKlans have expressed interest in public lands and parks for sometime, given an opportunity they would pursue them
The #KochBrothers et al will not stop until they've exploited every natural resource in this country for their own personal gain.
Absolutely !
This is their plan for the August recess:


Trump hates blue California. Will even take it out on the sequoias. #dumpTrump
how do u sleep at nite? all ur lies shame on u God is not happy with u
That's your job & I've always respected & supported you These may B the only things we cant allow to just let "slide" & wait 4 next Pres
Negative bozo...he is CAPTAIN AMERICA!!!!
#BLM EPIC FAIL 
Well how's that going to work for you if California succeeds from the United States? CA cannot survive without Federal $$ cause CA is broke.
Shameful. Time for LEGISLATIVE Branch to work 2gether to remind DJT that exec branch is =2 Leg Br
I hope Teddy Roosevelt rises from the grave to kick Trumps ass!
Tell us how...you're more concerned about the landscape than you are of us average Americans!
Tell us how... you don't understand that the two are intrinsically linked.
Exactly. My God.
What the hell is wrong with ppl?
No! Just NO!! @SecretaryZinke should prepare for a backlash the likes of which he's not yet seen if he dares touch our protected lands!
more fake news by the fake political party...DEMOCRATS
Noooo #GiantSequoia is on this list?! Why? Why... 
Well your fires are destroying your STATE. How many of these fires are started by illegals that you people protect?
A "review" is threatening? U underestimate the intelligence of ur constituents.#monuments
Don't know how @realDonaldTrump is threating any of them - does he plan to pave them? Won't Californians take care of their land un-coerced?
More propaganda, your comment fails to mention what the land will be used for ? Considering financially ca is worst state in Union
What is *with* @realDonaldTrump desecrating so many of our precious national monuments & destroying wildlife-?? 
I could hit "like" on everyones comments here. We are Californians & Americans!!! Time to hit the streets tweepsters! Not going to happen
 ... #RESIST  
When we finally determined that he is demented or senile or both, can we please repeal every single thing he ever did as president.
Or that he was installed illegitimately as president? Why should anything count once that's proven? Get Gorsuch out of there. And Pence.
Build a wall..close the sanctuary
That's funny ,while California destroys other state monument to house refugees
Thats nothing compared to what democrats are doing to a democratically controlled California. Liberalism is a mental illness
Hard to believe he wouldn't preserve a monument of that color! Perhaps longs to take its place? Seriously tho, he must want them exploited.
Getting the budget/spending under control is a problem for you?
@iamfonda @pewtrusts Last month both you & @KamalaHarris said you'd protect the monuments. Did something change? Backing out?
maybe you should go to your leader, Gov Brown, he'll block the Pres and make his OWN rules as always!
Regarding national parks, maybe @realDonaldTrump is also setting out to undo anything any POTUS on Rushmore did.
Don't let them gut the park system Senator.
@SenFeinstein 
It belongs to us
WHAT DID I TELL YOU FEINSTEIN?   Break the rules.  Bash through GOP and help the people and America.  STOP ACTING WEAK.
And he wants his face on Mount Rushmore
Cali will fight back!  
#TrumpRussia 
#Resist #25thAmendmentNow
probably wants to build his slimey Trump towers all over them
how much longer?  Has Mueller given a date yet all in prison?
If it's beautiful trump will try to destroy it, just like hitler did, destroying beautiful art and books.

If you think destroying art that makes you feel bad is protecting free speech, you might be a domestic terrorist.
We must protect our heritage for future generations because when they're gone, they're gone forever
@realDonaldTrump what does Trump have against this planet? He seems hellbent on destroying it all to line his pockets.
Well, sorry, it's diversified, and he has shown how much hatred he has for that! 
He wants to build his tacky hotels in Grand Canyon, Yellowstone & the Smokeys. Food not bombs his ass Lady DiFi.Mitchell Bros. Style Get him
This is one of the most disgusting attacks on our beautiful protected natural areas! How do we stop the MAD self proclaimed Emperor????
and the wild horses and the hibernating bears and the oceans. Ah heck everything needs protecting from this guy.
http://www.newsmax.com/US/trump-donates-salary-education/2017/07/26/id/803993/ … For camps in Science-Technology-Math-Engineering & Stem focus
Stop that lunatic. NO.
We are a donor State making up >12% of US population, who didn't vote for Trump. There has to be a way to increase power at the state level
Is anything safe from this guy,  he seems to think of nothing but money.  He needs to stop destroying our planet.
This demagogue must be brought down. He is a clear and present danger to, not just our social order, but the very fabric of our society.
Save money and return them to BLM administration.  Not like they will disappear.
Obama State Dept: $350K For Campaign Infrastructure Used Against Netanyahu In Israel Election

Obama sent taxpayer money to campaign to oust Netanyahu

Nothing is sacred to these bastards
Please stop this insanity & this mad man!
Hot desert mountains,please!
No he's not. It's the land around it. Obama incorporated miles of land around them, and miles from the monuments. Quit lying
Trump's a national embarrassment and needs to keep his tiny grubby hands off of our national monuments!
No he's not Dianne
Who is paying for the monments up keep
He needs to stay the hell out of CA!  What do we need to do about his Ms. Feinstein?  I'm ready to roll up my sleeves on this!
Absolutely
Trump's inconsistent temperament & policy tweets/rants; his complete reversal on policies & issues, the discourse devolves exponentially.
Once the places are gone...they are gone FOREVER. CA must protect its unique geology, flora and fauna. Hands off!
Donald “Repeated Failure” Trump. GOP money sources has the power. U.S. is a welfare state for the wealthy. Is this American conservatism?
@SecretaryZinke Stay out of our state!
Who told HACKED POTUS about monuments?I know he didn't know about them.We gonna knock down all monuments with a fork,It's going2b so easy.
YOU worked too hard to create our Desert Land Monuments to let @realDonaldTrump and @SecretaryZinke destroy them. Got your back on this one
He's also threatening the Grand Canyon, one of the natural wonders of this country and world. AZ needs help to save it. We B neighbors, eh?
Including all humans that aren't named Trump. He's a completely inappropriate person to have the honor of Presiding over ANYONE. 
Tell us what 2 do. I use these as hiking and camping places. Legal action? Letters & petitions? You name it, ppl will do it.
Calexit. Then I'm fleeing this nutty state.
help save our land. thank you for so much good work.
No No NO! keep your small grabby hands OFF American Monuments
When govt reviews these and do not want to maintain them, do they not turn them back to the States.  Does Calif. not want them back?

California's  Natural landscape treasures  must be protected, they were created to exist forever.. Sen. Dianne Feinstein
WHAT DO U FEEL WHEN U THINK OF YOUR LONGTIME ADVISOR, & SCALIA-- SPEAK UP ABOUT THE MYSTERIOUS DEATHS - INCLUDING ROSE PAK's -
Lining his pockets. Get rid of him. His a national disgrace & embarrassment to the world.
Dems are way out of touch with 90% of U.S.  they just cater to the sanctuary cities.
I'm thinking about moving out of the sights of North Korea
#HandsOffOurCaliformiaMonumentsBlotus
#Orangehair probably wants to put up one of his gaudy hotels there.
Keep fighting please Senator. We as Americans need beautiful places to go to bring back our humanity & spirit.
