Obama Care was a FAILURE to start with. Remember, we aren't socialist here in the US. Try to Pander another way!  #MAGA
Coming from someone whom probably has no concern or comprehension on what it's like to decide to buy food or pay for healthcare
I have had to do that very thing. It was my responsibility to pay for it.  Not someone else'.
I've also learned that those who complain the most about ACA, usually know someone close to them/ family member who has benefited from ACA
I know several people who have had their cost increased by over 40 pct. Ithe ACA isn't about Healthcare, it is about power.
I know many ppl that it saved their lives.Meantime, Trump is sabotaging ACA. Many Ins. pulling out cuz fear of future, not paying subsidies
insurance Co's pulled out b/c it isn't profitable for them. You were sold a lie and you bought it. Socialism does not work!
They have publicly stated that they are concerned about Healthcare in the future due to the ahca and DT not paying subsidies
Trump should govern for America, not Trump.  If we have a healthcare problem, fix it. What's so hard about that? Trump owns Senate and House
Why not simply fix what we have?
Well, let's give it a try, what do we have to lose?
If u cut through the political crap, that is what is actually happening. Its just that neither side wants to admit it....political suicide.
Agree
What kind of ppl deliberately sabotage Healthcare in order to get their agenda passed? Heartless, ruthless , greedy people that's who
No you are sabotaging the ACA with your ridiculous grandstanding!!! And obstruction
They think we won't realize they are fucking us.
This is such a cold and calculated effort to hurt  ordinary Americans. All with the hopes of delivering huge sums of money to elites. Sad.
Facts please! I need to learn. Actually you have no knowledge of the proposed plan, unless you know a Leaker! Before you comment get FACTS!
You don't need to look hard. Do you think they would do this in secret if they were actually improving protections for ordinary Americans?
Yes they are. Can they not be taken to court for not complying with an agreement? As in they are un lawfully disregarding an agreement?
Democrats refuse to work. Their plan is to resist and not do their job. Wonder why we left your criminal enterprise.
Isn't that also a crime?
Trump has said he will,sabatoge it...isn't that proof enough he is harming Americans on purpose? @UN
The Affordable Care Act, self imploded.  It was not "affordable".  Move on, give  new healthcare a chance & stop stretching 2 cover illegals
Thank you! Those of us w/pre-existing conditions especially in the south appreciate your opposition to "mean" #Trumpcare which is a travesty
She is not taking any crap from Liar-in-Chief Trump and his gang. Be scared, Trump!
.@SenFeinstein We agree. This must stop. An op-ed is not going to do it. #withhold consent on all senate business.
YES PLEASE! I second this idea!
Maybe if you would stop investigating Russia where no crime has been established, you can do your job. Your hate/anger must stop.
We gotta fight this!so many people will be harmed, some will die. Isn't it illegal for GOP 2harm so many Americans,they do it knowingly @UN
Republicans are too far gone to understand they would be heroes if they fixed the ACA.
The GOP continues to prove their loyalty to only the richest of Americans, while dismissing the vast majority of hard-working citizens. #ACA
Don't understand why they r still there. 1% SURELY dis not put them in power. They r not representing those who did!! Where is their outcry?
I'm scared.  Scared enough to die.  I have 4 pre-existing conditions...This is crazy.
They are fear mongering again.
Wrong! My brother committed murder suicide. He was busowner w/ins but denied HC by ins. be4 pre-existing were covered! His son was 3. Angry
@realDebRitchie my brother, his wife and nephew died because Ins. denied proper treatment. It's about my family and yours. I'm not angry atU
Democrats use scare tactics like "Sabotage" to frighten people into a position against Republicans; part of the DEM Hate & Resist message.
Please withhold all consent for all Senate business until Leader McConnell agrees to public hearings on the bill.

Affordable Care Act is imploding all by itself! Corrupt Barry needed to destroy health insurance so he could implement a single payor system
Don't feed the trolls! #block
U and Dems need 2 keep speaking out and develop a message 4 improving health care . I'm worried  abt M-care sale tax cuts go thru
That's what I voted for..to get rid of ACA.
You're delusional
Yes tRump is following thru with his threat to destroy ACA! He is best at tearing down rather than building a Great America! So much Winning
With all due respect Me. Feinstein, what drove insurer's prices last year, before Trump took office. It's not his delay.
BAHAHAHA @SenKamalaHarris, one that has sex for votes Kamala. Willie Browns wiener washer. #sloppyhummer
30 million paid the penalty on there taxes premiums went up double and triple.Only low to no income made out.why did government pay abortion
My INSURANCE CONTRACT IS ON HOLD. WITH MEDICARE....
GOP never wanted health care, the only reason they're doing it is one more thing of President Obama's legacy to obolish!
Democrats are sabotaging the USA. This must stop!
You can't sabotage something that was a bad plan to begin with.
The ACA was built to self destruct. No one needs to do anything for it to collapse
Take action: withholding consent or filibuster by amendment! When insurance is unaffordable it's life or death
You need to stop hate speech and fix problems.  Dems seem to have a "kill" list just like the shooter.
They call it repeal & replace, senator.
For the whole election the winner, President Trump, talked about doing just that.
Didn't you watch?
Make sure u bring thousands of Amendments during Voterama until Repub show bill in the light of day so we all can see it #IndivisibleGuide
Then perhaps you could withhold consent until there are hearings on the Trumpcare
Excellent op-ed.
The @GOP didn't support with a single vote. Believed from the start it was going to fail. Sadly, they are correct
.@SenFeinstein withhold consent and filibuster with amendments to slow down this bill and demand transparency. Fight fire with fire. 
I find that appalling. Will be equally appalling if all Ds do about it is waive their arms in the air claiming to be completely powerless.
no they are not
Again, can we call for a new election?
So tell us why so many people are dropping insurance. It's NOT affordable
Democrats are sabotaging the United States of America
More liberal propaganda.
This is a travesty of the worst kind.  Seems our current POTUS is hell bent on changing things done by Obama no matter what the cost.
SenFeinstein, why do associate yourself w/ SenHarris? SenHarris obstructed CA Primary vote count. #berniewouldhavewon
Make more noise DF! We can not let this happen!
#amendmentorama filibuster by amendment
Why not work with GOP to write a new better health bill instead of complaining and obstructing
No! It must be completely repealed!!
Maybe if you'd stop being an obstructionist and hash out a healthcare bill with @GOP this stuff wouldnt have to happen!! #AHCA
Thank you, but use every means to stop them. Withhold cloture, filibuster T'care amendments!  Stop playing nice!!!!!
Thank you, senators. Please withhold consent on any Senate business until Republicans agree to public hearings on AHCA.
What are y'all doing about it though?
amendments, amendments amendments, 4000 will stop the vote until after the 2018 election
What is the democrates solution??
What GOP wants
obamacare was designed to fail. there is no one sabotaging it.
We have to save it it's trumps big get even with obama millions will die or be sick my autistic son and I wil suffer too #ACA  thanks 4 help
Dianne. Many of our friends cannot afford Obamacare.  What do they do. Forget poor people. They don't count.
Are you kidding me..Dianne ?? Your rhetoric is ridiculous ! Democrats "sabotaged"  the American people with Obamacare ! Get out of denial !
it is hard to sabatage something that doesn't work. You didn't even know how it would work before you passed it. No wonder it is a failure
I rely on the #ACA bc #iamapreexistingcondition 
Will you commit to #WITHHOLDCONSENT & #FilibusterByAmendment ? Please do what it takes!
Please keep fighting for us!
This is good—but what procedural methods will @SenFeinstein & @SenKamalaHarris use to block & obstruct the dangerous & lethal AHCA?
Republicans are sabotaging the Affordable Care Act. This must stop! My @SFChronicle op-ed with @SenKamalaHarris:  http://bit.ly/2rv6gGs 
Dangerous and lethal? You don't have any idea what it contains. Remember Pelosi " We have to pass it to see it"  Don't spread untruths.
Thank you. The Dems should use all tactics to stop this train wreck. Withhold consent, load it with amends, obstruct obstruct obstruct.
#MedicareForAll polls highest w all Americans. Can we work w melt down POTUS or put legislation on hold until the "cloud" gets addressed?
Affordable Care Act is sabotaging me.  Where is my $2,400 savings?  Where did my insurance company go?  You had years to make it work. Fail!
Reality check: You LOST & the failed, partisan monstrosity ObamaCare WILL be repealed.
Is anybody in charge??  How & why are they allowing this to happen?!  They're only screwing us consumers!  What good does that do?? 
Check out @ezralevin thread about vote-a-Rama!!!!! Please!
And what are you doing about it?
The ACA is dying, just repeal it already!
TY @SenFeinstein @SenKamalaHarris But what will  Dems do to stop GOP from gutting healthcare? Considering @ezralevin VoteARama?
No this is not why and it is unfortunate that u prey on the ignorance of your followers
Thank you for fighting for us
Here we go again! (sabotaging must stop) implies ???? 

Your answer??? _________

Inciteful???? Yes _____  No ______
They were going up as #ACA circles the drain. People don't have insurance they have an insurance card, working 2 or 3 jobs to pay for it
Thank you. Still wish healthcare providers wld invoice more appropriately, not for profit AND focus on nutrition #BanGMOs can't poison US
People need to know this.  Dems must get this info out on all the news shows.
SINGLE PAYER please
Then PLEASE do something about it. Stop talking. Time for action NOW!!!
You should support Medicare for all
See @ezralevin @IndivisibleTeam filibuster by amendment!
Please employ voterama strategy or anything else that will work.
The democrats are destroying America
#NoHearingNoVote
Please investigate this..
Republicans STOP sabatoging Affordable Care Act! GOP resign now - you are engaged in UnAmerican Acts
Why not put up your own plan? BE the change you want to see in Congress. A start to rebuilding out party. GO BIG! LEARN HOW TO MESSAGE!!!
This is laughable.  Republicans are the ones who are trying to make change.
More #rhetoric and #fakenews.
Don't let them
No ACA or ACHA! Pkease, Sb562 must pass assembly. My husband can't afford his meds. His mental health and eyesight r deteriorating. Help us!
Constituents don't understand why you can't compel Trump administration to make the pymts they're supposed to?
Constituents don't understand why @DNC doesn't buy airtime to broadcast with holding funds to sabotage ACA
Are you and @SenKamalaHarris going to with hold consent and filibuster until we see what GOP is hiding in their healthcare bill?
Stop the lies!  This is exactly the kind of thing that creates hysteria!
The finger needs to be pointed back in your direction.  Take some responsibility for the mess you created.
That's a lie and ya know it. The same kinda lie that provoked a left loon resulting in the shooting of Scalise. You're pathetic.
With an invisible bill that nobody's seen like the fine clothes the Emperor thinks he's wearing... and nobody says anything?
Congrats Senator Feinstein, you made the list :)
REPEAL of Ocare long overdueAmerica can't afford skyrocketing premiums. Best that Gov't stay out of healthcare. Trust D people 2 choose
What's your plan to stop them, Senator?

Great suggestion! #WomenLead #WomenLead #FilibusterTheSenate
I agree! Please introduce as many amendments as possible to slow this down so we get a public hearing!
I believe that ur claims r a little late.The nation needs this repealed/replaced. If CA didn't encourage illegal immigration, be in surplus!
Thanks to both of you senators for your service to California. Keep fighting for our values! Keep fighting for those who cannot.
why would republicans help 45? After this mornings tweets from 45, I would run the other direction if I were a Republican in congress.
Obama care was a lie from day one Obama and Pelosi lied about it on Live TV we remember they have no room to talk they lie all the time ...
If the @GOP is trying to intentionally fail #ACA, they cannot complain when it does start to fail in RED states!
