It's criminal and the American people need to understand that trump is causing insurance premiums to go up not the ACA.
How is that?  I would like to see references to facts to support this.
What facts do you need ask the insurance companies who's sabotaging your insurance premiums trump is you should research before u tweet.
Actual facts, not some crap you pulled out of your ass like "what facts do you need". Facts. Real facts. That's what facts
Where are you getting your facts from please explain I'm getting mine from the AMA AARP BCBS etc.
I'm not going on and on about how Trump is causing premiums o rise. Mine haven't. They doubled under the weather ACA. Haven't yet this year.
Yes we need a balanced budget but not on the back if the poor it the suffering.
They are broke and can't fund any of their projects without a deficit. But it is what it is. Now we are stuck with this terrible law
Can you prove that?  Facts to back your claim @SenFeinstein?
FACT: When #Obama was in office, "navigators" signed up <1% of #Obamacare #ACA  enrolees. http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/article/2633329  via @dcexaminer
I'd rather blame Obama, Emanuel and Gruber for the progressive imploding of the ACA...but you have the audacity to blame President Trump
What can we do to hold them accountable for "faithfully executing" the law??  Lawlessness begins at the top in this administration.
Obama changed ACA law multiple times with a pen, bypassing legislation. NOW you care about faithfully executing the law? Seriously? 
Repeal trump admin
FACT: if the government provided universal HC, we wouldn’t have to worry about rising insurance costs.
insurance premiums have risen 400% from obozo n dems. i don't think trump can top that you liar! retire!!!
Obamacare n dems, Huh? ACA was bi-partisan from the roots as its creator was MITT ROMNEY  
republicans are good 4 nothing but recession.
not 1 republican voted for aca. it was all dems. romney had his own med plan in mass. nothing to do with federal plan.
he wrote it.
you're mistaken. gruber an emmanuel wrote it.
Really? What is he responsible for next? Your left governors are doing that to you! You all don't do anything all day except c/o
IMPEACH !!!
Yeah impeach Feinstein
Market changes are in accordance with Republican repeal votes after 2010. New admin just bandwagon jumpers.
Higher premiums that don't negatively impact cnosumers or markets does not constitute sabotage.
But we don't need #Medicare4All, right Dianne?
Really?  That's the best you've got today?  No one gives a shit today honey!  Time for you to go.
Your rhetoric along with Schumer,Krugman,etc are creating an environment that is going to explode. IS THAT YOUR AGENDA/MOTIVATION? STUPID!
Senator, this is a lie.
Oh really now it’s trumps fault that the ACA is failing hmmm, it still does not affect you , cause your exempt from the ACA
You created this healthcare disaster and these skyrocketing premiums were predicted back then. Now it’s Trump’s fault? That’s rich.
You Dems need to call this out incessantly.  If the situation were reversed, you know the GOP would be unrelenting.
Really? It's not caused by forcing insurance companies to cover people with preexisting conditions.
No the fact that Trump won because we are sick of all of you is driving you crazy. You just don't get it, but you will at election time.
#GetInsuranceForProfitOut of my doctor’s and pharmacist’s wallets! #MedicareForAll #GetMoneyOutofPolitics
Fact: there is no authorization in the Constitution to have done what he's sabotaged.
FACT: The insurance premiums of everyone I know have been skyrocketing since long before Trump. Especially since the ACA.
Why are you promoting that lie
@mathewsjh Intentionally, no doubt, and isn’t that an impeachable offense?
It is absurd that a Democrat references facts when they only exist as a party by ignoring them
obamacare was set up to screw the taxpayer.  It isn't sabotage at all.   Quit using hyperbolic phrasing.
Isn't their actions a violation of article 2 of the constitution?
Not just the Trump but the @GOP sabotage campaign
What about the 9 million kids who lost their healthcare today? Is there any emergency funding planned
FACT: Obamacare was a failure the day it was voted into law by 100% democrats and 0% republicans.  This is how you get bad legislation.
What about CHIP, Senator? Will it resume?!!

Do something about it then. The Democrats inability to mount a counter attack on Trump policies is as pathetic as Trump himself
Agreed!
The two party system are both owned by the rich
It's amazing though if trump were democrat the republicans would have burned the house down by now republicans have the ability to stop Anything but democrats whine and complain but accomplish nothing it's so frustrating
DiFi Lies!

He’s determined to sabotage the ACA.  We need to promote it during the enrollment period.
He's sabotaging America!
Such lovely lies from you Democrat's. First you pass Obamacare and now that it is failing let's blame Trump. Wow, such hypocrisy
Really?  My doctor says ACA is a nightmare. He doesn't participate in it.
Just heard NH could see 50 % increase for those that need to purchase through the individual market. Repubs have caused this..BAD
Seriously? That was happening whether or not he became president.
FACT: Socialism doesn't work.
not yours, right? seriously you don't care about my rate.
I'm with @kdeleon
A “campaign” raises insurance premiums!!!!  Geez, if you believe that, no wonder the people in this country are in trouble.
BS
Yup, sure is
That is Obamacare. You passed it and now won't take responsibility. Trump has nothing to do with your beguiled legacy. He' trying to fix it.
Don't try to act like we are idiots,that turd was a peice of crap when it came out,don't blame O'care on anybody else.
Sad

Actually that is thanks to Obama care.  Insurance premiums are ridiculous
Can’t someone sue for this. Why would anyone want to hurt people like this. And this is our president. Why is this possible
I have a friend who has been on Obamacare 8 yrs. She's had 8 different primary care Drs. She hates it. It has been a disaster. Get rid of it
So it's Trump's fault that he is resisting throwing a ton of taxpayer funds at a bill that is in a death spiral.
Trump is not funding/supporting ACA, wants it to fail.   When you are on "Trumpcare" you get how trump is screwing you
Not to mention INSURANCE CEO BONUSES, which is the real reason for the loss of private insurance. Started years ago, this is the result.
You can't even spell insurance, Senator.
How long before we can get his Putinist arse impeached and convicted?
And believe it or not they're still stupid people out there and think he's "wonderful".
Fact it’s still Obamacare, you’re just sad
This guy is a criminal on every level and just seems to get away with it- where are the consequences?!!!!!!!
To true Senator to true.
This IS CRIMINAL. He was sworn to protect the ppl, he's just purposely sabatoging us instead.
#25thAmendmentNow #impeachTrumpnow PLEASE
@SenFeinstein @SenJohnMcCain @SenSchumer FACT: Your campaign donors(insurance companies) would lose subsidies if you allowed #ACA repeal.
Your corrupt organization is full of lies and fear-mongering! No one believes anything you pen or say!
No it was odumbocare that drove the premiums up!  DONT BELIEVE THE LIE!!!
How many people does the individual market  affect ?
It's also leading to ripping our country apart. You have to get him out of office
Stop complaining and do your job. Only Congress can fix this Obama mess !!!!
And then he blames ACA-
Under the Soviet Union communism, healthcare does not have insurance premiums.
FACT: We can’t trust the “fact” posted by Diane. Just more FAKE NEWS and BS!
Doesn't a president have to uphold the laws of the US? Isn't the ACA still the law of the land? Can't Congress do anything about it?
My daughter just lost her anthem policy
Do something about it.  U have the power.
State involvement leads to higher costs. The ACA blew costs through the roof. Those who benefited are few and far between
Bullshit you supported the most horrific legislation in history, this is all on you @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump
This is the quiet and insidious headline of the week. No advertising. No reinsurance  45’s NFL and Puerto Rico tweets hide these truths.
Please fight for us, Senator!
Trump has yet to do one Damned thing. Except allow ACA to continue unmolested. Any rate hike is directly ACA/Obama built in.
And people don't seem to know or care.
You started this crap feinstein. Stop pushing single payer
FACT: The ONLY sabotage campaign going on in DC is being perpetrated by DemLibs & Rinos who can't stand this FACT: DJT is successful. #MAGA
FALSE FACT. Your ignorance toward the insurance market and Government subsidies are the things that cause high premiums. DRAIN THE SWAMP
Fact: We already had high premiums. Nice try though.
FACT: No matter how much R's tweek socialism it still won't work.
That’s their plan.
FACT: The Affordable Care Act was not affordable.
No one is sabotaging Obamacare.  It was touted as self sustaining and cost saver.  Now it is failing of it's own accord.  #repealobamacare
@harveyjkaye Trump attacks PR ..please respond
MAYOR OF SAN JUAN @CARMENYULINCRUZ 

Responds to #Trump tweets:…
No the Democrats own Obamacare and everything that goes with it it's your fault no matter who you try to blame. Not one Republican voted for
Fact you are a liar
That's because of Obama care, idiot!
Best recent evidence is OK and MN not getting waivers bc 45* admin bait/switched them. Also, costs in expansion vs. non-expansion states.
Trump is out to hurt as many Americans as possible. He is unfit for office and should be removed.
Sure but Odummer knew ACA would fail n 2017 when he gone but that's Trumps fault bc Libs won't admit their saint Odummer wasn't a saint!!
Louder, from more Ds on tv, with a coordinated effort, please.
For a variety of reasons... unstable and uneasy insurers, people not getting the information on signups, and drastically cutting the signup.
#MilitaryToPuertoRicoNow

Thanks for going high while he continues to go low on every front.
That's better than the democratic solution of no insurance.
You used over 20,000 pages for Obamacare and got it passed with no Republicans.  Now you want to blame them?
Sure make middle class pay more for health care to sabotage the ACA.
says a  useless dem who f'cked over the tax payers with obama care
It's your program fix it. But you will just complain and blame Trump!!!
Really!! How about the implementation of Affordable Care Act and it is doing exactly what the Democrats planned it to do.
FACT: my family health premiums went from $575 per month to $1310 per month during Obama administration.
Suuuureeee... Trum is the reason Obamacare rates skyrocketed.  Only a special kind of stupid lib would believe this
We need a PUBLIC OPTION
Fact:  Dem's refusal to work with congress is problem. let's remember who created the mess.
If there was a real free market with competition  Americans could  shop around.  But obamacare doesn't allow that. That's your fault
Sabotage healthcare.. Sabotage PR.. sabotage NFL.. sabotage taxes.. mexico..the election..peaceful protest..obama..farm workers..Celebrities
CONGRESS’s SPECIAL HEALTHCARE TAXPAYER PROVIDED GIFT:
For us, we lost insurance& doctors and had to pay twice as much for policy. Thanks Dems!!
It's the ACA&congress which won't allow more freedom of choice in the in the industry. People predicted this would happen. Now it is. Thanks
U r full of Feinstein.
Wrong, under Obama care our premiums are going up 20 percent, why so, so we the middle class will pay for those
No increases for us this year but by 2016 premiums had tripled & deductible went to $7500. I don’t understand how you blame this on POTUS?
But 45's negligence towards #PuertoRico Will be the straw that breaks his back. #ImpeachTrump
You're a dumbass, retire!
No, that was under Obamacare.
Such a lie! My rates have increased every year under Obama!
This has nothing to do with Trump. This was always how ACA was supposed to "work"
WHY DON'T YOU JUST GET OUT OF AMERICA. YOU HAVE DONE ENOUGH TO HURT HER
FACT:Had you not voted yes to an insane increase on the defense budget, we'd have the funds for #healthcareforall https://www.congress.gov/crec/2017/09/18/CREC-2017-09-18.pdf …
Feinstein's anti-American propaganda never ends.   It's a daily dose of Leftist hate and lies.  Insurers charge more because of monopoly.
#ACA #GOPSabotage #GOPisKillingUs
Really! We are not stupid! Democrats own #ACA...now that it is failing you want to blame it on Trump! #pathetic #liberalbs #youlookignorant
A senate seat is a terrible thing to waste.
Sorry Feinstein we believed your lies once before & ended up with epic failure called ObamaCare. This mess is a result of Dems arrogance
I was priced out of the market 6 years ago but you never cared about me. From a forgotten American.
Lol now that is a joke!!!  In reality it is you who voted for the ACA that led to millions of middle class Americans losing their insurance
I'm more interested in what you will do about it than basic facts. #nothelping
@realDonaldTrump y do u think we r so stupid that u can lie to us about the middle class "miracle". U r a liar and we all know it. #dotard
Have you been asleep the past 8 years? I havent been able to afford insurance since evil Democrats passed ACA. Millions more are same.
signing ACA lead my premium for 2 from $300 to $1300 because there were people that could afford insurance on it for free. Read what it
This is BS, mine were up over 1000 before trump. Then again you are just another lying politician
Yes...funny that it never makes the news though.
Thanks for sharing #AnotherGoodFactForSharingWithGOP @GOP #MAGA #TrumpSupporters #Trump2020 #TrumpTrain #TrumpsAmerica  #TrumpNation  #Trump

The Obama care  was in the toilet before Trump became president and you voted for this burden on all of us but you don't use it do ya
And what are you and your anti Trump party doing to make Obama care better???
Liar and fear mongering
The ACA is imploding and you Dems own it. Passing the buck won't work this time
This doesn't have to be the case, like the cellular phone industry...it just takes 1 upstart to buck a trend .
Lovely...hurry up Bob Mueller...PLEASE
So what you going to do to stop it? Something needs to happen-IMPEACH THIS SOB!!!
Could you give me an substantiated example?
and you said that #Trump could be a good President!!!
Fact: My insurance went up before Mr Trump was elected. Thanks
@SenFeinstein why isn't anyone removing Trump from office? He is clearly inadequate and seriously putting people's lives in danger!
Show FACTS that can be taken to Court, not RULES FOR RADICALS REDERIC or YOUR own PREJUDICE
False. The broken law is the reason the premiums are rising
It would help if you and everyone in Congress had at least a basic understanding of how health insurance works. Obvious you know very little
It is clear you are jealous of the Trump Administration! #Retire!
Dems refusal to work together is causing Obamacare to continue to disrupt because it is a poor plan but Dems only chance to get single payer
You are complicit in these premiums going up! Take responsibility!
I love you put it is not passing and now time to focus on other issues
Fact: Obamacare was self-destructing long before Trump became President. Obamacare was based on lies and doomed to fail.
govt involving itself in our lives always means trouble.  repeal ACA go free market
@realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse @GOP @PRyan @SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP @HouseGOP The ACA is the Law of the Land. FIX IT
We know what you're doing
This mess was caused by you. Or have you forgot you supported Obamacare
Actually, your sabotage of the Trump administration is leading to higher premiums!
Our premiums starting rising before he was elected. Please stop rhetoric and be part of the solution.
He's so EVIL.Doesn't give a damn about hardworking Americans healthcare.Obsessed with letting ACA collapse right before our eyes.#Impeach45
#WorstPresidentEver #SaveACA #Impeach45 #GOPcomplicit #savepuertorico
