Yes, but you democrats allowed them, as Obama!!
But didn't the Obama ATF approve the sell,of such #bumpstocks
How did the get allowed to be sold on n The first place--tragic!
Republicans don't listen. They just talk.
You too, have never heard of bump fire sticks until about two weeks ago. Get out of here with your BS, Feinstein.
And Obama made them legal with no one in the democratic party brought him to his senses
Show us who was there!
Focus on “bump stocks” like plane going down, engines on fire, wings torn off, and you want to replace smoke det. batteries. #GunControlNow
None of your policies agenda will matter if a nuclear war breaks out save the United States use your Authority 25th Amendment
@gop not listening, don't care #NRAownsGOP
Not listening but you must be reading it or you wouldn't be tweeting on this thread. Why did you even comment?
You're making no sense BOT  Best all to BLOCK @michae2727 
Obama knew!! What is that about?
Obama never said he didn't know!!! That's not in question!!! Why are you deflecting??? Stop trying to get away from the issue at hand!
Knew ? He approved!! That is the issue at hand!!! Why didn't he ban!!! He was president!! Why did Eric holder run guns ? Fast and furious!
There you go again deflecting. Look at the Feinstein tweet again. R's saying they never heard of bump stock she said she spoke abt it 2013.
John and NRA Sunday morning cbs
Decode pls!
Taking money from NRA for votes is taking blood money without gun control. Republicans need to accept some responsibility for shootings
No offense, but when you talk gun control most Americans tune you out. You've been at this song and dance a long time #TermLimits
As a Californian I'm disgusted that @SenFeinstein agenda has 
nothing to do with Our Beautiful State burning 
#CaliforniaWildfires 
That’s the same year funding for agency that enforces gun laws was reduced. Now is the time to raise funding back. #fundtheATF
They are probably like the rest of us and don't care what you say
GOP deny anything they do not like say not heard of it so self centered and due all calling mean has can be
There was a.thorough article about three months ago.
Thank you for your service senator now it's time to focus on invoking the 25th Amendment use your Authority get the Republicans to help
That was three years too late, wasn't it do-nothing Diane?
The just wanted to repeal Obamacare.
If we only could of banned bump stocks back then.  The Vegas killer would have obviously decided to lead a peaceful life instead.
One truth- @GOP doesn't listen to women. Even Powerful women. They talk over, steal time, and distract. #Neverthelessshepersisted
Yea but nobody listens to you.
We know you're only giving lip service to get re elected. We know you're avoiding talking  about single payer because you're bought
@ariariale sorry they were asleep, as always
And then they weren’t regulated by your party’s ATM. Not a win Dianne!
Insert joke about men not listening to women here.
Sen. Feinstein, thank you for your efforts. Maybe after the recent tragedy they will finally listen.
Would I own one? No!
I'm a Republican, avid gun owner and I've never even read about them in the 4 periodicals to which I subscribe!
Shows how much attention they were paying to you.
Truth is rare these days? 1300 or so LIES from 45. They have Alot to do with That! GUN WHORES! WE ARE I N DISTRESS! REMOVE HIM!
Difference between discussing and doing. Be a leader
You don’t think they were actually listening do you?
Nice job, i see that accomllished so much............
Not your fault they keep taking bribes from Kochs & Bob Mercer Nazi Group’s Russian creepy Putin mob
Funny the obama admit called them legal...
The fact that you have no idea what a bump stock is renders any opinion from you invalid
You go ,girl !
S.O.P. for Republicans.
Lives might have been saved had you been listened to in 2013.
And no one listened to you. Maybe you should take the hint.
So everybody is watching you, and listening?
Useless legislation that will only punish our people who abide by the law. Instead of punishing the evil within our nation. 
Bump stocks are not the issue madam senator. Recognizing evil and destroying it is the problem. Bump stocks are just a means to enact more..
Who would ever approve such a device?  @BarackObama administration?  Blood on their hands?
I hope you don't also believe the crooked Senator who heads your investigative committee on Trump's collusion with Russia.
That's why Congress is failing. How can you pass bills on things you are ignorant to? Pass hearing protection act! Suppressors not silencers
Senator, you believe Republicans?
Bump stocks were authorized under Obama administration 
#ThanksObama
We remember.
Here comes more #gun legislation from Queen Barrel Shroud! How many pictures have you looked at this time?
I knew they were bullsitters.
Well now you know what we all have seen and heard. They just don't care. Haven't for eight or six years.
Probably became bored listening to your incoherent babbling, interspersed with audible flatulence. You can only ask so much....

#Retire
Do you lock the doors on your home or let anyone in?
don't need all these guns if to protect urself.
family were hunters; they don't want the semi-auto or pistols or others on street; if u want thrill go to range; make a night of it.
get ur thrill but keep rest of America safe; guns off streets; in controlled environment? New businesses; win; win...don't need them to hunt
What about fired in California do you even care
Why can't dangerous guns only be allowed at shooting ranges. U go in shoot for thrill but gun stays there? Could even do role playing...
Worried about non issues while your biggest donors are serial sexual predators and rapists, Fein...stein.
And yet it was Democrat president that signed them in  tell everyone about your so called clean bill  clean up your own state first
Liars!

Then why do you still not understand what it is?
It was Obama who authorized the sale of bump stocks.
DiFi bringing receipts.  LOVE IT.
How many people have been killed by bump stocks over the last 30 years? Hint: less than the # of women groped by democrats
How many is some? What bill did you propose to ban them? How many  used in a crime? How do you inted to get bad people to give em up.
Talk is cheap!
Vote for the Re-election of Senator Diane Feinstein!
Nobody pats any attention to you
They don't pat attention to you either.
There's not enough room in their keisters for their heads and bump stocks.
Thank you from Washington State for your relentless leadership on this issue.
How many crimes have they been involved in since then other than the Las Vegas shooting?
That should give you a clue that no one want to hear your “Never Let a Tragedy go to Waste” Liberals BS
You should of ATTENDED, I'm no Liberial I'M A AMERICAN WARRIOR, YOU BE IN THE NEXT CROWD. BRING THE WIFE AND KIDS. THEN TALK YOUR IDIOTIC
You still don't know WTF an "assault rifle" is.
Retire you dottering old fool...
Do they ever listen?
Just goes to show how effective a communicator you are...
This should answer your question. why does anyone needs an assault rifle?
Love the way per NRA they blame Obama ATF. The only way to fight lies is truth! Go Diane!
Well billy for you, you are out of touch with the people, you are part of the eval left.
I am glad you are sticking around!
Thank You for taking the time to put this video on social media. A list of those present, wouldn't hurt. Pinpoint the liars.
Short memories i guess.
Oh Dianne please refresh everyone's mind just was sitting in the white house in 2013??
Dianne stop pretending that you care. I'm Japanese and from Japan and even I know you don't care about this country. who are you fooling?
Dianne claimed no law would've stopped Vegas. But goes on to try and ban bumpfire stocks, standard cap mags, and reinstate the AWB? #tyrant
There stupid
More proof @SpeakerRyan isn't the only moron in Washington.
Well naturally you believe the entire world was there to hear you !
Free People must stand against this slippery slope legislation. Opens up the door for any other accessory that "speeds" shooting speed.
GOP has selective memory Senator Feinstein! It's also possible the GOP just dishonest! Hummmm?
Except bad guys can steal them, 3D print them, modify them, and acquire them however else if they actually want them. Feel good legislation.
"I told you so" politics is getting old, Congress needs to get their act togather.
Some people just know the type of guns through movies and tv shows. I am not blaming cinema. There must be a psychological evaluation test
I understand. We all have the right to bare arms. But, with the licencing system at risk. I am willing for it.
Congratulations...obviously your fight back then is not equal to todays fight to ban them, it took the lives of 59 people to motivate you?
Most AR-15 owners know about them, but most don't buy them. I'm not in your state, but I favor limiting mag capacity of 20 & no bump stocks.
Mag caps don't work. Bad people knock out limiters, 3D print mags, steal from cops, and buy off street.

They know Sen.  They are more worried about the NRA and gun lob than preventing people from getting shot by "persons" using a B-F stocks.
4. Using liberal logic here..By your own tweet you steeped your hands in Vegas bloodshed. You'd have saved them 4yrs ago. Obama EO or Bill!
#GunControlNow
They are pathological liars; all of them including @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan
Proof you haven't done squat in educating senate on this accessory or provided leadership around gun control. Dems had control in 2013!
I tried to watch, but the link didn't work. I don't question your knowledge of this. If they had listened in 2013, 2017 might be safer.
lol yep and are you the expert on weapons? nope
Senator, now isn't the time to hold back. Call the liars, liars
3. You just proved with this that knowledge nor law could have stopped Paddock. You knew for 4 years and not one peep nor Bill.
Oh and President Obama approved the sale of bump stocks during his presidency.
Where is our Federal Budget. #DoYourJob #FederalBudget
Uhm it's her job? What about the rest of them? This budget will cut something you need to pay for the swamp too continue to live large.
2. Are you saying YOU did not do everything possible in 2013 to stop Vegas now? You sat on your Bill for 4 years? Negligent! Criminal! Fool.
If a right wing person can own 50 guns, then a left wing person can as well
So you have had 4 years to work on this yet you wait for a disaster.. Typical #Democrat
They are lying hypocrites 
Let me guess they are coincidentally the same ones who have large @nra donations...
Seems Democrats know more about guns than they do
Fake issue.  Ballistics experts say bump-fire guns were not used in the shooting.  They say belt-fed machine guns were used.
Cc @Alt_Spicerlies 
Educate CNN
It's not the gun , it's the person!!!
Invalid argument!
Just an ignorant bot.
Why didn't you say anything when President Obama's ATF approved sale of this device? Still waiting..........................................
Hopefully you are not using the Fake Info from CNN !
1. Are you saying you bored them into inattentive sleep? Or such an ego that informing a few informs ALL GOP and America?
Most Republicans are liars who are supported by the NRA.
Hahahaha
Thank you.  I heard Ryan say he wasn't familiar with them, but not sure if your 2013 bill made it to the House.
Dianne, you really need to re-look at your priorities?
The bump stock isn’t even remotely close to the issue to focus on. Mental health and proper due process procedures.
They lie from the top down the NRA is in thier pockets they don't want sensible gun control because they would not get donations from NRA
Show the video where you told the reporter you want to ban all guns or are you going to be a hypocrite
Diane. They lie.

