Trump administration tries to block abortion for pregnant undocumented immigrant http://lat.ms/2yzRu3I 
Why are tax payers responsible for covering the abortions of illegal immigrants?
The cost of the abortion isn’t being paid for by taxpayers.  This girl was raped and a judge ruled in her favor. Now the admin is appealing
There's no proof she was raped. That's just her 'story'.

and abortion is legalized murder.
Our opinions differ on this matter.  She has a right to make decisions about her own body and health
Then she should take responsibility for her actions & pay for it herself.
and FYI rape is not "her actions"
Our tax dollars for our citizens. If you want illegals to have abortions then pay for it yourself.
She did.
Great, now if the country can get the rest of the deadbeat to cough up the cash for their own baby murders...
Abortion patients pay insurance premiums and taxes like everyone else. There's no reason it shouldn't be covered by Medicaid #repealHyde
Illegals have no rights, and the taxpayer should not be forced to pay for the abortions of everyone on the planet who happens to wander by.
They have human rights, and once again, the taxpayers did not pay for it.
She can take up the issue of rights her country of origin and our taxpayers DID pay for it.
No, we did not.
When did Americans become responsible for undocumented immigrants? Do you not care about Americans?
California believes that the elected officials have been elected to serve illegals at expense of the electorate.
The fact is that Trump would still have won election without California. They are now nothing. Besides the conservative that live there.
Trump did win without California.
California has 2.3 mill more registered voters than there are legal voters according to census
Im sure that’s  true, yet how does the board of elections allow these people to vote. Why not block (computerized like everything is) the ones that are illegal? If they already know, why do they keep allowing this?
They don't know. Fake registration under fake name allows illegal to vote. Just like dead people. It sad but best way to fix issue is by ID.
The government doesn’t know but a census knows exactly how many? That makes no sense
You can judge one's moral integrity by how they treat the most innocent & helpless among us - our precious babies. #RippingBabiesIsDemonic
You mean like MURDERING them via abortion?
What the fuck should I pay for a foreigner who enters the country illegally for the express purpose of sucking the American taxpayer teet?
You gonna fork out the$ out of your account for all of it or nah? Oh that's right it's STILL our $ you hoard in your account. Tax $ horder
You do know that undocumented means illegals!! Also, babies are their bodies. Separate blood supply, own DNA. What a choice the baby has.
Undocumented? That means they are illegally here. They have no rights at all. Educate yourself  in International law.

Kudos for the Trump administration for always standing up for what is right!
Would you ask your children or grandchildren if the right choice was not to cut up, dismember and kill them inuteral. Aborted can’t answer!
You are the sick one! Demanding Americans pay for murder. Have you lost your mind?
Where do you think Planned Parenthood gets their money to pay for abortions, from us the taxpayers.
Abortion is murder and an illegal is illegal! Spin it any way you like but smart people can see right through this nonsense.
#HearHear
It’s APPALLING that OUR REPS care more about CRIMINAL ILLEGALS than the CITIZENS of our country! THEY have NO RIGHTS in AMERICA!

Its appualing women dont take responsibility for sex
Not just a shame.  It's unconscionable in this century.  Dystopian to say the least.
Get them out.
I have an idea. You @SenFeinstein pay for the abortions for illegal aliens if you insist they need paid murders?.  We the people say NO!
If they have the right to control their own bodies then why aren't they proactive & use birth control.
What type of demon would promote abortion? Dianne Feinstein.This, Senator, is the definition of ‘appalling’.
On to those with particular definitions of the beginning of life
There’s so many things wrong here, but, foremost is that she is trying to control the body of a child that will be pulled out in pieces.
And it's none of your fucking business.
How about asking the baby who is alive inside if he or she wants to be murdered by dissolving, dismembering, or scissors through the spine?

Will you just hurry up a get into that retirement hole 
Havnt you killed enough babies
Blood will be on your hands on judgment day
Maybe Ms Feinstein the Trump administration thinks you shouldn't be coming to our country to get an abortion at taxpayers expense
Then get the abortion in Mexico.
Undocumented - illegal you nitwit. Just because you call it by a different name it still quacks - it’s a duck. Resign resign resign resign.
Abortion is Legalized Murder and no one is going to convince me that the baby is ever responsible for the mother or father's actions.
What ever happened to the bill of rights? Life, Liberty, and The pursuit of happiness?
There are More then enough alternatives to abortion.
'Freedom of Choice' is just another way to say 'Freedom From Responsibility' more than 90% of them are singles that just don't want a child.
It is just another political stunt. F.U. Globalists.
She is not a citizen, why should tax payers foot the bill. She should be deported, then she can do whatever he likes
Tax payers didn't foot the bill. Thanks for playing.
Send her back home and let her do what she wants to it's illegal where she came from not our responsibility
A detainee in a facility awaiting deportation for criminal activity has no right to expect Us to pay for her abortion, just stop Diane!
Make you a deal:
Illegal women can control their bodies if
I get to control my wallet
I'd outlaw that Patty Duke hairdo you have...if I could. See, freedom is not always the best course.
She could have controlled her own body and not have sex.
It is also appealing that this tweet produced so much nonsense about "baby murderers". Rule of law here, folks.
Why can't she control her own body to stay on her side of the border? Why couldn't she control her own body and say no to da pinga?
The fact that you put one illegal before any citizen is enough for you to step down. Lets talk about UBC? Shall we?
It's more appalling that your still in office,
And that you have no qualms murdering babies! 
God have mercy on your soul!
We are not the keepers of the world.  This woman is not a citizen.  Have you even read the Constitution.
What’s appalling is she thinks she is relevant. The democrat party is nothing but hate.
u know what U can pay for this illegals abortion I know Im sick of paying for ungrateful ILLEGAL immigrants.Just deport her not our problem
I don’t get this. Your body is your own. You control what you do with it. Be responsible. Just like your mother told you.
If you’re an ILLEGAL ALIEN you have zero rights. Woman or not.
You’re just one big liberal progressive socialist communist talking point.
They do have a right.  Muslim women don't have a right.  American have the right to choose birth control, abstinence or become a man
They have every right to “control their own bodies” that’s what we want them to do before they get knocked up.
Can a woman control her body before she gets pregnant?  Your thesis sucks Dianne.
@GOP there are enough votes for 25TH AMENDMENT NOW ABUSE OF POWER. He's distorting AMERICA. White Supremacist VILE RACIST BIGOT. IMPEACH now
If they would’ve “controlled their own bodies “ there would be no problem.
No, THEY should LEARN to control their own bodies. Stop killing little people.
So he WANTS them to have children? And who is paying to support them???
Facially invalid and absurd to guarantee responsible behavior. It's my right to honor the sanctity of life and not enable anyone to murder.
Dear Sen. Feinstein,

I wish your mother knew how you would turn out in advance, and that she had decided to not have sex with your father.
The baby growing inside the Mother's body is a separate human.
Both arrows are pointing to the pregnant person's body.
You didn't pay for it.
She has the right to control her body. But we have the right not to pay for it. #DeportillegalMigrants
You didn't pay for it.
Make them pay for their own damn abortions. Deport all freeloader illegal aliens. I resent any tax dollars spent for them.
She did pay for her own damn abortion.
Shame on you that you think a baby has no rights to life. It's baby's body. Perhaps they should keep their legs shut to avoid killing baby!
Since you put it that way, what if the child the woman is carrying is also female. What give one woman the right to choose death for the other future woman bc she feels she’s a burden?
Her parents in her home country have the right to her. Not tax paying Americans. That baby in her is kicking and rolling around. U are sick!
Yeah, fuck her needs. She's just a vessel now.
We are praying for this to happen:
Wouldn't that be awesome? The ocean could just wash that filth away. America would feel so much cleaner.
If that happens, please somebody adopt my family into your red state! 
Sadly my state (NJ) is Blue. But I’m busy red-pilling to enlighten as often as possible
I have a feeling my state of Minnesota will soon be Red. Sadly, I think it has to be crashed by democrats first. We're pretty close.
She’s illegal you azz hat!!
Well then it's a good thing you are LYING! Typical Liberal! Yuk!
How about closing ones legs.. or God forbid maybe she was raped by one of the scum your sanctuary policies protect??
They should control their bodies by saying NO!! or using birth control. Geez!!
Why should we pay for an illegals abortion? You are betraying y
It's appalling you give more benefits to illegals than actual citizens.
She should go back home and have HER government pay for the murder she wants to commit
Birth control isn't controlling your own body. It actually allows them to give up control, controlling their body would be abstinence.
Appalling is a woman who can tell a handgun from an assault rifle.
No No No,... I'm listening it just takes me a minute to process that much stupidity all at once. Why do we pay these people,... why?????
Not with my dime send her back to her country for her “medical care.”
@SenFeinstein do you mean  murder their own child?
I think they believe undocumented immigrants have any rights they want...in their home country, not ours.
It's appalling that Senators like you believe in ending the lives of women before they are born - illegal or otherwise.
#keepyourhandsoutofmypocket
Disgraceful
So undocumented women illegally cross the border to have babies and also get rid of them. You protect and support them on both.  Ridiculous
It's appalling that stupid Congress people like you think Americans should pay for other Americans abortions, much less illegals abortions.
They should have every right to control their own bodies. Before they get pregnant.
@latimes This appalling #UraniumOneScandal #ClintonRussianCollusion #ObamaCoverup

It is appalling that you and other commies think that the tax payers should pay for said birth controlling. STAY OUT OF MY POCKET WITCH!
Appalling that Hollyweird protected know rapists, pedophiles and abusers.
How much did you know about this behavior Ms. Feinsteinn???
Senator, you forget there are two bodies involved, it isn't the woman's body we're concerned with. Free abortions for illegal minors? No!
In the words of Carl Miller you’ve broken & or breaking your oath of office by weakening & ignoring constitutional law. Period
The whole government is dysfunctional you should all get out and we should elect all brand new people that have never been politic
And by that you mean murder their babies???
I myself was not granted the ability to have children.It makes me sick to see anyone abort"Kill" a child.Pretty sure I'm not the only one.
What's appalling as you're concerned for the illegals above citizens of this country. But you're from Cal, so you'll get a pass
Murder is murder Senator.  She shouldn't be here in the first place.  Do you understand the definition of illegal?
They young lady is here illegally and the tax payers should not foot the bill for her to get an abortion.
Contol isn’t the issue...using taxpayer’s $$ is the issue!! Do whatever u wanna do, but don’t make me pay 4 it!
Can women get pregnant alone?Does the father have any rights? I guess not since the LIVING HUMAN BEING in her womb has no right to live.
No, he believes that since she is here illegally, we, the taxpayers, shouldn't be financially responsible for her poor choices
Undocumented = Illegal = Not a citizen of the USA = no rights as a citizen of the USA
Sen how soon u retiring?
I would rather pay for a wall than to pay for an illegal alien to get an abortion. Can U understand that?
Sen Feinstein, contact me if you want schooled in why some abortions are not a bad idea.and its not a right, it's responsibility!!!
Oh shut up Dianne, voters r tired of footing the bill 4 PP!
a girl has a chance to train cook in spain, pregnant, on crack, father in a gang, still on meth/crack, wealfare, child neglected, no control
U liar!! Go away! I'm a woman! U are a freaking liar
Everyone needs to take responsibility for their actions! Not our responsibility to care for able bodied persons!
Trump cut RAPE of Migrants by 70% when he cut Illegal migration by 70%.

Legal migration up (SAFE, ZERO RAPES).
End rapes of migrants.
No?
Control your body from hence you came
It's appalling that your husband is reaping the benefits from the money pit known as the high speed rail to nowhere #recallkevindeleon
I could use Biblical scriptures that show abortion is murder but we already know that liberals have rejected the good Book.
ATTN Liberals: Science confirms that human life begins at fertilization
It's appalling that women think it's OK to "have fun" then this innocent life pays for it with their life.



What she really means - DNC needs $, we need baby parts for #PlannedParenthood
You believe American taxpayers should pay for Illegal immigrants to have an abortion? You have lost your mind. Retire!
When is the first and latest time a woman was impregnated without sperm? Is sperm a male "property"?Should this property also be protected?
Such disingenuous cliched nonsense. Pro-lifers believe in saving a BABY’s life, not a woman’s body part. I’m pro-choice for first 3 mos., but if you want to have any meaningful dialogue, don’t bury the heart of the issue with political cliches. Dishonest & unproductive.
@SenFeinstein: The women you claim have the “right” to control their own bodies need to Start Controlling Their Bodies!
You pay for their abortion. Your very wealthy
I control mine, just fine. Never have needed the government’s help.
she can control her own body but  with her own money not mine thank you  very much
Really!! Don’t go there.
You do have the right, tax payers have the right not to pay for it. If you feel so strongly pay out of your personal pocket.
It's against the law. You know, the laws you make?
Fine but I shouldn't have to pay for it!
Senator Feinstein what are U doing to B sure the "informant" haschance to tell the truth to Congress? #ClintonRussia
Actually it's appalling you approve of a 15 yr old murdering her child!
Yet you want us to pay for your birth control ?
I don't care what she does as long as I'm not paying for it
Either you believe in abortion or you don’t! Nothing appalling about it lady. My belief is not any better or worse than your. So shut up!
Sure they do they can close their legs and not murder someone
What on earth are you talking about? Every woman I know has control. I will not pay one dime for someone else's lack of control! Period!!
#TRIGGERD / LOVE LIVE PRO LIFE. you talk  constantly talking  plz stop 
Everybody can take the right to kill another being...........but, that doesn't mean they have that right.  It is actually defined as murder.
Stay in your own country or be legal....otherwise adios!
Not our responsibility...
Every woman can control their own body and our president has made that clear.  Murder & selling baby parts are the issues and you know it.
That’s where you’re wrong. It’s not “her body.” It’s HER CHILD! Infanticide is a synonym 4 murder whether in the womb or out.
It's the little body growing inside them that some of us are worried about.
Obviously you aren't 
#AbortionIsMurder
She did, she had sex. Dummy.
You 50’s haircut hack.
Not for free they don't.   Or are you saying guns should be free?
I don't have the right to control my hand from pulling the trigger of a gun, for good reason. I think killing babies is beyond appalling
Ridiculous and you know you are fabricating and provoking.
Retire.
#MAGA2018
#MAGA2020
#MAGA2022
Use birth control.
Her baby has all of its organs, eyelids, can hear it's mothers voice.... abortion IS murder.
She is 15 years old!!! Give me a break!Her brain isn't fully developed!We should not condone ANY ABORTIONS ON MINORS W/O parents permission
I will post pics of my poor bruised body to show what you did & failed to do to protect a senior disabled constituent all these yrs.
No, wrong as usual. You left me for dead & I am making it my business to see you removed from office. Pics of my last escape will follow you
Use a condom or buy your own pills - it’s not my taxes that need to pay for it - or abstain from sex dopey
Don't you think the right to control their own bodies should have occurred to them before they engaged in unprotected sex?
We all are appalled by your continued glorification of infanticide.
Why don't you understand the definition of ILLEGAL? Deport the woman and let HER country take responsibility. #SickOfThis
What about the undocumented unborn child's right to live? Pro-choice always looking to perform 1 more abortion and at taxpayer expense.
Our only responsibility, as a taxpayer, is to drop her ass back where she belongs.  The term is ILLEGAL, not undocumented
Tell us again why my tax $$ should pay for anyone's Abortion legal or illegal?
Women CAN keep their legs CLOSED...that's CONTROL....
Chew on that for a while promoter of babycide
With all the birth control methods on the market abortion used as birth control should be banned & used only if it is a dire emergency
Why don’t you pay for her abortion out of your own pocket Dianne! How much money have you swindled from us taxpaying Californians?
They have the right, but so many don't have the good sense. How about controlling your body before you gave to make the choice to kill
It's not about control of their own bodies, but who pays for their bad decisions.
Undocumented abortion. #Priceless
It’s also appalling that we think we can kill a baby just because we don’t want it. Keep your legs closed!
Have you no shame, Diane? Illegals over Americans is not a good look on this issue. It's just not.
It was a sad day in American history when we made it ok to murder BABIES !!!!!!!
Quit fucking irresponsibly. Once conception happens, there are at least two other sets of rights in play: the father's and the child's.
Undocumented is not correct, criminal is correct. Why don’t you drive her to Mexico and pay for her abortion?
They do have right to control their own bodies by not getting pregnant. You are insinuating women are too stupid or irresponsible to do so.
I call that murder, not controlling ones body.
Undocumented immigrant can control her body back where it came from. Can't afford abortion, keep her legs crossed. We're not paying for it.
It's appalling that you believe defenseless children don't have the right to keep their own bodies intact.
Oh ... and it's time to STOP trying to make this a "Woman's" issue & using INNOCENT unborn babies as human shields while enabling Weinsteins
