Are Republicans literally trying to destroy the United States of America?
I doubt it's much different than the last one. GOP seem more interested in adding "funds" to the pockets of the rich.
Please consider that the new form of #warfare now includes weaponized bills. #trumpcare is such a bill. #trumpcare is a weapon. @FBI
Why are you not actively supporting #MedicareForAll ?
$67 billion in improper payments went to Medicaid in 2016! Waste, fraud, and abuse! Must be why you like it, Feinstein! Repeal and replace!
Curious where you got this info...agree repeal/replace. Repeal, repair waste & fraud, replace. @NRSC

Thank you.
Please Senator @SenFeinstein - ask #Wray about his ties to #Russia ... it is your patriotic duty!
Obama is a traitor! President Trump is a loyal American. Easy choice for me.
The Republicunts need to be worrying about their treasonous leader.
Without the help of HBCS via Medicaid, our kids would be institutionalized. Also kills part of Reagan's legacy.
 “What Medicaid Does for Kids Like Mine” 

#ACA #SaveMedicaid #Medicaid #BCRA #ACHA @SenateGOP @SenateDems 
Millionaires serving the billionaires
Keep up fight back
How could something passed on a lie be beneficial? Oh i fogot we got create a phony funding for that  Bush borrowed from China!
Thank you for fighting for us!!!
If?
Do you even know that Medicaid isn't serving the people who elected you?
Yes, but hopefully I won't be forced to buy it! I work hard, and don't want to pay for dead beats! (I know not all are DBs)
It is not gutting medicaid ii is slowing it down. Big difference Feinstein!
Sounds like OCare! Millions of Americans not covered, high premiums & deductibles and only 9 Million covered not 25 million Promised.
@Liz_Wheeler: We finally have proof of inappropriate financial dealings... https://youtu.be/UkcxeJCPgz0  via @YouTube
If the bill is essentially the same as the disaster they tried to pass before, please, please let us know how to stop its passage!
It will be. Their goal is cutting rich people's taxes, not improving healthcare.
When will Dems launch a push for Medicare for all? Stop sitting back and waiting. We need single payer care for all. No message from Dems.
Why did Congress exempt themselves from the ACA? Why is the federal govt trying to pay for doctor's visits? Is that in the Constitution?
dont let this happen fire up the publicand vote no

Never have had a plan... Just got air...
work together to fix this for us.  As a stand up lady I believe others would follow your lead on working a bipartisan deal!
You're right! FULL REPEAL OF OBAMASHIT IS THE ONLY ANSWER!
What the Democratic Party did to the working Americans is what's shameful. And you assisted in the Obamacare Scam and did nothing to stop it
Pls do what you can to stop the yes votes.
And preexisting.
Gut baby gut!
Please don't let this version pass. Work across the aisle and propose ideas to improve #ACA. #BCRA / #TrumpCare will harm the vulnerable.
If it has not been released yet how do you even know what it is going to do? Stop trying to scare and get to work or better yet retire.
Single payer can take care of that. Any questions?

We have such sights to show you!



#MitchMcConnell #TrumpcareKills
*sigh* of course it will. Have we observed crocodiles eating antelopes enough yet to conclude that crocodiles will not eat a cabbage?
Block it
#Resistance The GOP shows its true stripes. It has never done anything beneficial to the average American and our country...nothing.
In fact they have repeatedly done great harm to the American people.
Get to work for our country.
If they have something better, why didn't they look after ppl first?? DISGUSTED WITH CONGRESS IN GENERAL
Why are you allowing business as usual when we have a Putin-installed #FakePresident in the people's house? 

#ShutItDown
#NoMoreRussianRule
Stop letting illegals get free healthcare! Us working Americans are tired of it Dianne!
Thank you for your diligence on healthcare.
If we put lipstick on that thing, what would it still be . . ?
Please keep the pressure and vote it down!
Medicaid spending will increase by $20 million. You are taking money I earned giving it to someone that didn't. That is more awful
It will be much worse
Please do everything you can so this WealthCare 2.0 doesn't get passed and also Please apply pressure to GOP about new Russia Revelations
@shaker0309 no healthcare bill should have any tax cuts attached to it !
Well we know it will. We have to get single payer in play. It is the only solution to the health care emergency. It is the perfect time
Call 202 224-3121 follow the instructions. Leave a msg. Switchboard open 24/7.
TEXT 50409 for bot to send free faxes
CALL TONIGHT & TOMORROW
Yes!  Their idea is that everyone will fall for it
You mean the one where the POTUS asked for the heart?
McConnell been stumpin a ObamaCare appeal since his cia level classifition of the Health bill:;

He changes when proposed appeal has Suffix.
Thank you for continuing to oppose the Republican attempts to deny medical care to millions!
OPPOSE! OPPOSE! oPPOSE!
SENATOR WHY CAN YOU NOT WORK TOGETHER ON A BILL?
Please don't let them get away with this.
It's worse than O care? Lordy tell me it isn't true? How could anything be worse that that massive Obama care failure!
don't forget the tax breaks for the rich......not happening
Thank you for stopping awful piece of legislation!
No legislation affecting the American People until Trump is impeached found innocent, or REMOVED.  Illegitimate POTUS; unconscionable laws
Even worse news, Pense's first act as President will be to pardon the Trump family.
yep, definitely need to get Pence looped in here...
Stand up folks. They have a President in free fall and want to take away Healthcare from 25 million US citizens. Take it to the streets.
People need to pay for their own indurance just go to work and buy it freeloaders and lame politicians cut off the obama 47%
Help 
Seams to me that way to many people are on government assistance
Senator tell them like it is and vote it down
And it still won't be as bad as obummer care
She's not like that.
exactly
However the 26 year olds need to have there own insurance and not be on their parents!!!  Ridiculous!!  They are adults should get their own
Democrats hate America and Americans that's a fact jack . California moonbat
AGE OF THE #ANTICHRIST
Let's drop all this antichrist bullshit and attack these problems with thought and reason.
Anything would be better then the ACA...only those getting it free like it. Those paying hate it. I pay $800 a mo w/ded. Of 10,000
Wah. U prob live in a Red State that didn't expand, which robbed you. Or u could be single & make 60k+. Lots of factors, not caused by ACA.
I am 60 in the middle of cancer treatment. ACA changed my policy in middle of treatment & gave me a new higher deductible. Waitress
State, please.
I have no doubt it will be just as 'mean' as the last 2. Will probably have a bunch of riders giving & extra provisions to GOP senators.
Americans are feeling really beat up from the lack of integrity to get healthcare to the fiasco from an incompetent White House. Survival?
Of course it will. How else to make the rich richer?
Profiting off of a persons well being is immoral Time for Medicare for all. Everyone from the top down should pay the same percentage!
Medicaid is a form of oppression! So many people who can work but choose not to. I see it everyday. Keep having kids and abusing the system!
If it were not for the bulling tactics of the President & his bully boys maybe Senate could take the time they need to think this through!
senator McConnell is doing the bullying.He wants this passed cuz his handlers (Koch bros) want us out of healthcare& want taxbreak for them.
More BS from the Millionaire Senator from California... Bill doesn't gut Medicaid it slows it's growth but Dems want all of us dependent.
Obstructionist
Blocked bot
they are doing it to divert attention from the Prez
They are complicit in doing so
Is today thursday?
I trust you Senator. I know you will not let this happen.

Unless it's single payer, we don't want it!
Oh no!
