Students of all races, colors and creeds deserve an opportunity to go to college. We should do all we can to ensure a fair system for all.
The Civil Rights Division has been at the forefront of efforts to create a more just society. We must not allow it to be undermined.
My statement on the need to protect the Civil Rights Division from interference: https://www.feinstein.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=E43F5EFB-3653-4CF3-8772-5E51D54ECF10 …
You mean something that does not function because years of distortion ruined all law schools and attorneys, so you are instant interests?
So, you're good with the anti-Asian admission quotas? You're going to defend those?
You used to be good.  What happened ??????
I am tired of the Asians being targeted for being too successful.  You Leftists should be ashamed.  It's racism.
Most all colleges are one sided on politics. It is about time this happens.
Troubled is a more polite word than I would choose, but you remain a lady.
Cause you will be closer to being out of a job. #Merit
Why???

I'm troubled by this outrageous treasonous coup being planned by the deep state.and the demonic democratic Congress that has betrayed us
Stop being "troubled" and start getting pissed off like the rest of us!
I would call it finding the truth
White supremacist motivated, smells like Steve Bannon.
You mean those La Raza infected things that went wild, when MS was enabled to use California as a staging area, FOR DECADES, so bangers be?
Race shouldn't even be on the application, it's 2017.
That's right
This is mean spirited
What is mean spirited about #merit?
Everything in DC is political. Isn't this tweet political?
My face when I first heard this look into affirmative action is on the agenda
Sessions is a disgraceful appointment to AG. He never should have been approved for his racist record and partiality toward Trump.
We're not blind anymore,the lies ,plots these illegal entities.federal reserve, commission of foreign affairs and so forth.
You're going to be losing more votes
Good to cast some light on that and perhaps it will go no farther.
We think it's great! Character over Color! May the best person win!! Points for gender or race degrade everything !!!
#MAGA
im troubled that ur still a senator. 
i figured u and ur husband have stole enough money from CA residents to last for the next 100 yrs.
You support all dem politically motivated inquiries and fake news.
Because anything that dem do is not allowed to be investigated. Giveaway programs should all be investigated.
What about reports of dem collusion with Russia? Are you troubled by that at all?
You must be a democrat
As @realDonaldTrump says: screw America, first
You should be
Discriminating against Asians and white students should be just as offensive as discriminating against any other group.
In case you're polling--for me, you can replace troubled with really, really, really angry. Thanks for looking into it.
Do you deny your goals are not politically motivated?
Good. All they do is indoctrinate and make things worse!@
but it's ok to go after Trump????
Thank you for saying that. I was troubled when I read about it.
Stop discrimination against anyone!
It's ok unless you are Asian.
This is troubling!
As well you should be. 

#FireHannity
Thank you @SenFeinstein, I'm troubled too.
Me too.
Naturally, you'd have a problem with this! Ever occur to you that you're the problem?
Diversity is now know as freeloader heaven
Ethically motivated
Really? You're troubled? Maybe by tomorrow you might work yourself up to be highly concerned. Friday maybe very dubious. By next week?
I write + call you all the time, so THANK YOU for all you do. But, please don't say "troubled" when (I hope) you mean more. It is weak.
Sen Feinstein is troubled by anything Trump.  The stated review was a left-over from the Obama administration.  Where was your concern then?
#ImpeachTrumpAndPence
Change the president!
Are there too many non white Americans attending college now? That was established by discrimination based on education as a prerequisite!
End affirmative action.
Good thing Obamas DOJ never did anything politically motivated
Why are you surprised by this. Sessions is following his 1950s playbook.
Yes, because we should be handing out college educations to people that could not handle high school.
You don't think Max Waters call to impeach Trump is not politically motivated? Please try answering that!
Huh?  You think they have something to hide?
What about the rights of conservatives to have free speech on college campuses? You don't agree with free speech?
Skeletons?
Excuse me Ma'am, but everything you do is politically motivated
I am afraid of Christopher Wray. #trumpappointees #TrumpRussiaCollusion
I hope you are deeply troubled and maybe do something PLEASE !  We need to lose Sessions ASAP !
They need to look at legacy admissions that are exclusive.
Everything you people do up there is politically motivated...and you're all always "troubled"...get over it and work on helping the people
What will you do to prevent it from happening ?
I'm troubled that you wouldn't say NO to Session's confirmation until We The People endlessly called and visited your offices.
Point being, the Dems are part of the reason this s#!tstorm is happening.
Trump won't last long enough to do any damage. And Trump will be taking Pence and Sessions down with him.
Dept. of Labor should investigate discrimination in political hiring practices of all MSM, Schools, and State governments.
No surprise with Jeff Sessions in place.
Ms. Feinstein you are letting fake news reports get to you. That story was debunked yesterday unless you don't consider Asians diverse?
It says there are groups that are being discriminated against so why are you troubled by that?
Why are you troubled that they are looking into it?
Maxine Waters ask for it
Must not understand
Don't be "troubled", get Sessions out. Russia involvement, perjury Mis-appropriation..
Yet your not troubled about the politically motivated investigation on @realDonaldTrump
but are you surprised?  we have a white supremacist in the @WhiteHouse
Geez.. I wondered about this today... anything crazy anyone imagine... geez....
Troubled? Hanging with McCain much? Just sayin. .
I'm not troubled by that. The US IQ has been dropping and our schools need to focus on quality not diversity.
Outraged... would be a more appropriate term for me
Please Senator, this is another smokescreen. Please pay attention to what else the White House is up to.
Constitutional congress with too many GOP governors terrifying possibility! 
Actually it would be perfect justice for the Democrats
My guess?  Bot.

#FireHannity
Is ANYTHING this DOJ does not politically-motivated?
8 years to learn from the masters of politically intentioned actions by DOJ. Even running guns to drug cartels. No room to complain.
