Despite the overwhelming scientific evidence, the Trump administration still refuses to accept that human activity drives climate change.
I joined with 13 senators to call on the administration to make this important report public.
Burying this report and refusing to act on climate change would be a dereliction of duty.
Says you
God is in control
Global warming has been made cult think by the left, trying to use it as their rally cry for globalism. No Merit, only deception
For what purpose?
To bring about socialism on earth which leads to darkness & Godlessness. They don't know it but in their will evil spirits seek destruction
I would very slowly remove that tin foil hat. I think it's leached into your brain pan there bub.
Hey, Dianne, what about the overwhelming scientific evidence disputing it? You've been hanging around with Gore too much...
Please post it.
Why not people vote for you and have to hold their nose post election
You are having issues writing in English!!!
Really?
Leftists ignore science; science says there are two genders.
Do you know what is hermaphroditism? How do you classify those people?
Of course it's real. Been going on for millions of years. Don't take my hard earned $$ 4 UR slush funds tht have nothing to do with climate
In fact, the creation, encouragement, and/or promotion of Earth destroying falsehoods should be a universal war crime!
I know for a fact that Trump hasn't a clue as to the difference between fact and fiction.  It's really mind boggling.
@GOPChairwoman  NYT should issue a full retraction and plaster it on the front page- the exact same place they put this bogus story.
Oh Dianne.  Who to believe? Did you reread the  article. Or did you fire that staffer that embarrassed you. Will you apologize
America is not concerned with the fake hoax Climate change aka weather! The PEOPLE are tired of #Dems failing #Obamacare, Violence, & lies!
#FakeProfile
Are you serious?  You allowed San Onfore Nuclear Plant and now Diablo Canyon Nuclear to close.  Both ZERO EMISSIONS... and you complain?
what about the other reports that say the opposite?
Compelling report!  Only question- will Administration release it?
Step down old lady. We are sick and tired of being lied to
They are dismissing more facts than just the climate change ones, enabling a narrative that is beyond scary
YOU are the problem.  We now burn more fossil fuel instead of zero emissions nuclear because of YOU.  San Onofore / Diablo Canyon closing.

A global issue shouldn't have to be interesting to gain attention.

Same song different day ! 
What does it take to get through to you people about climate change. Why do you think it's fake at all?
They can, they have, and they will continue to dismiss the facts so the Trump oligarchs can profit. We need action not just talk!
Yeah, but the real threat right now is North Korea. Can you guys possible set aside partisanship and work for the good of us citizensm
Studies are clear: assault weapons aren't more deadly than other guns. You can’t dismiss facts just because you don't like them.
Have you ever seen a mass shooting done with a .38 pistol?
No, but I have seen mass killings committed with big trucks....are you gonna ban them too?
We all know how trustworthy the government is, not to mention the Democrats & MSM.
Without CO2 the plants would all die off. If the plants are gone, no more air for us to breathe. You're literally trying to kill everyone.
Like this?
Do you seriously believe the Paris Accords R GOOD 4 USA? As usual world expects US 2 pay lions share & give China & India a pass!Disgusting!
Oops! NYT corrected their story. Maybe you should too. https://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/erik-wemple/wp/2017/08/09/new-york-times-guilty-of-large-screw-up-on-climate-change-story/?utm_term=.f702a21eafb1 … #fakenews
You can hide the truth for only so long.
Hahahahahahahahaha hahahahahahahahaha hahahahahahahahaha hahahahahahahahaha hahahahahahahahaha hahahahahahahahaha hahahahahahahahaha
Climate change is fake. Just redistribution of wealth. Get over it. We don't buy it, n won't pay for it.
Well don't worry about it Dianne. You will not be in Washington for much longer. Term limits are warranted in your case. All talk, no action
And this is where rational people say drain the swamp. This is a close copy of IPCC reports and there predictions have been nonrealistic.
Where are the facts Senator?? That is a good starting point. How would the Paris Accord really help USA... science is NOT clear
They can't? They do it all the time.
The debate isn't if the climate is changing but if we are causing it. There is no science proving that humans are causing climate change.
DUMMY PUPPET TRUMP AND REPUBLICANS KKKNAZIKOCH ONLYYYYYCARE ABOUT $$$$$$
THEY ARE NOT HUMANS THEY ARE SOCIOPATHS
Why isn't anybody reporting on the terrible weather events this summer as climate change events?
Hasn't stopped them so far...
No Dianne it's not clear
A capitalist's view has nothing to do with empirical facts. Trump support climate cause. #trumpsupportclimatechange
Big mouth SIS S at it again even showing something official until U read who signed this official form! The Only thing it lacks is GORE!LOL
Tell us again about global warming. False information to continue lies for Globalization Give us a break already
Another supporter of Al Gore the fraud... tell the American one thing that Gore predicted that happen ...Dianne ! You can't !!
Sci is not clear..not enough data...if earth has existed for at least 10k years ur basing future weather for next 10k years on 1% data???
Time to take your 80 year old ass back to SF and retire.
Well, you know- climate change effects are slightly rewritten if they nuke it all. It's like why fix the fender when you can torch the car?
News alert, the weather is changing.
Weather isn't climate. Climate is weather and temperature patterns on a period of time
At that has never changed, over time?
If you're referring to natural cycles. Yes you're right, to a degree. We're going beyond the cycle currently. See image (Source is NASA)
Best response is for @TheDemocrats to commit to a vision of 100% clean energy.@dccc @DNC
Yes, it can! It's been doing it for almost 7 months. Facts matter not to this administration...climate change & any other pertinent topic
What's with the picture? That's called steam. Not smoke like californias MANY coal plants.
Of course it can.   There's no money in it for him.
Read @tomfriedman 's, Thank You For Being Late, & then attempt 2 deny climate change!
Science is not a consensus many scientists don't fudge data and don't agree with corrupt scientists who do fudge data
#PutinBots
Who doesn't believe climate change?
It's only been happening since the earth was invented.
You ok, ma'am?
Doesn't science also say if a baby is born with male genitals the baby could actually be a female? Science is confusing!
The one demonstrable fact of climate change is that it is the consensus view of the establishment.

It is political dogma, NOT science.
You libs spewing your nonsense is contributing to global warming....(hot air)
The rhetoric is clear. Gore proved that. Climate change is 99.9% fundraising
More b.s.. the climate changes all the time ever hear of the Ice Age
Imagine responding to a global problem by deleting web pages.
SENATOR.SOONER OR LATER THEY WILL ACKNOWLEDGE THE FACTS !REMEMBER IT TOOK A CENTURY TO POLLUTE !IT WILL TAKE A CENTURY TO FIX!
Paris Accord did almost nothing for climate and redistributed American wealth globally.  Bad deal!
Just because you use "selective science" doesn't mean we all buy in.  Quit lying to the American people #RetireAlready  #SwampDenizen
Fight back
A political scientist helped write the report. The only hot air she should be studying is you run your mouth. You expel a lot of co2
Take your money and retire gracefully @SenFeinstein. No need to continue embarrassing yourself.
Have you been paying attention? Dismissing facts because they don't like them is the ONLY thing @realDonaldTrump's administration has done!
Man you look like you miss the 60's. Get a grip. Climate change(THE NEW TERM) was thought up by a company in CHICAGO! Enough said, say HOAX!
Let's focus on what could kill us now instead of 100 yrs from now!! Liberal priorities are a joke!!
the science is not clear and climate change is a hoax
It is not caused by humans! THE EARTH'S CLIMATE IS KNOWN TO CHANGE! MAYBE ITS THE COW FLATULENCE
Stop pandering and scaring our youth with your lies. Never ending lies lies & lies. Focus on voter fraud  11 counties more votes than people
Why not? He does it all the time.
You can't drive through Los Angeles during busy times & conclude climate change is not likely. Trump Admin. damaging America. Like tobacco.
Charts show global warming is all Liberal hype. Makes sense globalist use earth as cause; those who deny God worship nature. #Trump

Yawn
Libs invested in race problem, global warming, not into real solution. What will solve it jobs in city, local commerce, people work together
https://m.facebook.com/groups/1233823190033356?view=permalink&id=1470185759730430 …
'As with any cult once mythology of cult begins falling apart instead of acknowledging get more fanatical' Dr Rich Lindzen on Global warming
Climate change??? We call it Weather.  Cut the BS. All of ur scientific reports are eventually proven wrong. U know that. U r evil
The science is fudged, to term it nicely. Should prob stick to finding a way to bail out Cali in its bankruptcy
Omg really?  Even if we did every single thing u demanded it would do nothing. The rest of the world knows global warming is bullsh!t
"The rest of the world knows global warming is bullsh!t"

Evidence suggests otherwise:
Ur source is some BS chart from 2015?  Lmao.Should I take u seriously? Guess u missed the report of Australia lying about climate #'s 4 yrs
1. Pew Research report is not "some BS chart from 2015".
2. No evidence of "Australia lying about climate #'s".
Oh now we need evidence?  Where is the evidence of Russian collusion? Oh thats right there is none. Speaking out the side of ur mouth.
Sorry, I don't engage on politics. Only science.
Ah. I see, ur twatter feed is filled with nothing but hatred for Trump and USA in general but now it doesn't support your current BS soooo
If you want to argue politics, find someone else.
You've lost all credibility a while back, virtue signaling...
Trump administration on climate: Junk science. Junk leadership.
When our great grandchildren are gasping for breath in the wasteland of the US, Ross & Trump will be happy with their money.
Srsly, it should be Twitt, just like the twit here pandering her fake science that shows NOTHING MORE than the natural cycle of the earth!
u worry about climate and not a nuclear war
There would b no war if you libtards would have taken care of this mess
It's not the trump admin alone in this .. it seems the entire GOP are flat Earth believers .. I'm sure they've been bought & paid for ...
There's nothing we can do about it. Might as well live for today.
How about we stop burning fossil fuels? #conserve #wind #solar #wave #airpollution
