My first order as President was to renovate and modernize our nuclear arsenal. It is now far stronger and more powerful than ever before....
How far the Republicans have strayed from their Sainted President.
Stop going back. We cannot redo the past. Doesn't matter. All that matters is how we handle going forward.
Two words. Merrick Garland.
See you are proud to be a white. Your description of yourself says it all. Blocked.
I'm actually not confused... it's simple they attempt to Nuke us, they die! Simple as can be.
I'm willing to place a large bet on that. You obviously don't know what a neutron bomb does or is!
Wasn't this while he was creating the Star Wars program?
Which was supposed to protect us from nukes by shooting them down before re-entry....no SANE POTUS wants nukes
Oh so it's cool for all the other countries to have them but insane when we have them and its our potus who is insane? Lol rigggghhhhhttt...
SENATOR IF ON THIS WORLD.WE.ALL FOLLOW JESUS AND GOD !WE WOULD EVENTUALLY ELIMINATE THESE WEAPONS !GIVE IT TIME!
Dude she does not believe in God bro! She's a crooked politician... if anything she probably worships satan.
Trump will send your children to war and brag about it. FAS
Maybe we should try what this guy tried? NOT!http://youtu.be/6TcbU5jAavw  #democratdiplomacy
WE THE PEOPLE THAT WORK AND PAY TAXES SEEK TO BE THE MOST POWERFUL
Thanks @billclinton for your total failure with N Korea!
@realDonaldTrump That Dumb Dumb is 'cause unless EVERY other country is Nuke free you must have an arsenal & it must be elite
And by elimination we don't mean by using them @realDonaldTrump #25thAmendmentNow #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump 
Enjoy!
T is lying.
What is the senate doing to save us from this lunatic before he kills us all? Seriously. This is nuts. He is nuts. Pence needs 2 move.
Stop being a frady cat! It's north Korea they couldn't hit a barn with another barn and if they try they will fail be turned to parking lot.
Walk softly and carry a big stick!!
Well you genious miss feinstine I am pretty sure your buddies in Russia have the largest Nuclear arsenal. This shows you have no brain!
Obama started the renovation and modernization during his last tour. Like the economy Trump takes credit does nothing
You KNOW things are bad when Feinstein is trolling Trump.
Dear Senator Feinstein: welcome to the new GOP and the desire for war...
Trump has no clue what would happen during a nuclear attack or as a result of one. He sees military as giant bag of G.I. Joes to play with.
it's a flat out lie, as usual, but still...
That is a wonderful thought. But, there are always going to be power mongers. Peace through power!
What a reversal from previous administrations, and HOW SCARY! @hpyblubrd
Well the guy you liked strategic patients partially caused this issue!
Weren't you all for going to war with Russia? Aren't you all for going to war with Russia? Weren't you for going to war with Iraq? GO AWAY!
@SenFeinstein You need to #Impeach45 #ImpeachTrump NOW! His belligerence,incompetence & mental illness/instability R going 2 start nuke war
Too bad Bill Clinton helped NK pay for Nuke development with the 4 billion US dollars he sent to them based on a false promise
That is because a narcissistic bully always needs something or someone to hide behind. He is doing that daily.
It figures you would quote Reagan's dumbest remark in office.
Stealing the accomplishments of predecessors while trying to dismantling their legacy--the railing of a small man out of his depth! Enough!
Thank God for Trump with NUTS like Iran and North Korea in the world.
Not even Ronald Reagan would give them up until the rest of the world did. Until that happens we must stay ahead of the world in def tech
I really believed this was a goal of every President since Harry Truman! DT needs 2 know Truman regretted his decision 2 use the H bomb!
@BostonTerrier56 @realDonaldTrump that's all u know planning evil..
Didn't he say that after viewing "The day after"? Weird how many times that movie has come up in convos this week.
Thank you @SenFeinstein !!!
The threat of the USA being nuked gets worse everyday. Thankful for a president who understands that. HRC sold our uranium to Russia..IRAN?
Yeah....
that's not going to happen
You cannot stuff things back into Pandora's box.  We will never be free of nuclear weapons unless they to are replaced by new advances
He's a lying sos
Or, you can surrender as means to avoid war.
That will help matters!
Gee Dianne, no words for slick Willy giving N. Korea nuclear capabilities? You were a senator then., Why didn't YOU stop him?
We need a strong voice from the Dems so ppl trust that we can handle military threats. In the end ppl will choose safety over politics.
U Feinstein never Bipartisan huh? A slob who eats his citizens,U want 2 say no no Kim Jong-un No No nukes! Go ahead eat yr peps try Tums
#Impeachtheclown #heisgoingtokillus
I am a huge Reagan fan . However genie is out of the bottle . We will never be able to get rid of nuclear weapons.
Never happen
Why would we weaken ourselves when idiots like KJU are beefing up to attack. That's just ignorant!!!
Extremely appropriate comparison! 
U  senator, on the Judiciary Committee, above reproach?? WHY 2 cover ur misdeeds with AG Lynch?? U R NOT POTUS!!
that's before Democrat presidents Clinton & Obamas policies of appeasement  led to nuclearization of NoKo & Iran & emboldment of Russia.
“We seek the total elimination one day of nuclear weapons from the face of the Earth.” - President Reagan
Our President is a dangerous Malignant Narcissist. It is past time to get him out of office. What is being done to prevent him from bombing
The genie is out of the bottle. Ideas like that just proves how out of touch you are. Retire before you cause anymore damage.
Where is he  driving the US to?

The bush!
Trump needs to be impeached.
Yeah like peace on earth, goodwill to all men.  I wish for that one day too.
We all wish there were no wars.  But, we know from history that only the strong will survive and the weak will be downtrodden by others.
Not to mention what @realDonaldTrump @POTUS said is a lie. Nothing has been "revitalized" in 6 months, esp his ability to be a president.

So how many times can trump and his nuclear arsenal blow the world up?
I remember Reagan's speech. Everything flies in our faces under the Trump administration (or lack thereof).
First off Trump's statement is a complete lie. Nobody can renovate nukes in 200 days.
Why?
#Congress should've stayed in session &did job they where elected to do. Approve @POTUS nominations! Weak links are #ObamaHoldovers #Leakers
The modernization was set under Obama because of safety concerns as some were in danger of causing accidents. The egoic boast is all Trump.
For there to be none anywhere would be much better.
Actions to prevent unintentional discharge  were needed. The egoic  bragging was not.
so great point, jus another reason you should be a so called leader, so we threw away ours and leave countries like Russia and NK with nukes
This is not protecting the contributing Americans with a wind bag pretending to be a caring thoughtful person very disrespectful
Well that's pie in the sky. Way to offer a useful solution.
Just for you, Dianne:
Don't assume North Korea can't hit Guam. https://usat.ly/2upzT9U  
If God did not want us to use nukes, he would not have chosen America to have them. I pledge to use nukes whenever God tells me to use them
What is your point you b_  oob?
@realDonaldTrump-Just wondering when you lie about everything,do you actually believe the lies/do you think that learned people believe you?
It is most troubling that was his first priorities ,keep this up Mr Trump we won't need health insurance, humanity will be wiped out#Resist
Until our enemies totally disarm @SenFeinstein which I wouldn't believe them if they said they did, its best to have up to date equipment
Sen Feinstein are you going for deflection today?
Perhaps you don't like the way the Debbie WS debacle is gaining legs
Despite biased MSM
We need to have legislation that puts a check on POTUS ordering nukes deployed
Another Trump lie/delusion. He'll destroy our nation before he's done. No will to stop him. All "play fiddle while Rome burns."
#ImpeachTrump before he kills us all
Pretty sure he's not gonna do that
I seek the destruction of us senate, whitehouse, pentagon and wall street! Go KJU!
There's no contradiction. Aging nuclear weapons present a threat and potential risk of accidental launch.
Things have changed dummy.
You r important 2 the security of the US. Please know you r supported & appreciated by millions. Your career has been a fantastic success.
WAIT A LITTLE UNTIL SHE MUST RECUSE HERSELF LOL
Thank you 4 your increased attn 2 problem of trump's nuclear threats. You r part of a small # of congressional leaders preventing war.
You didn't seem at all interested when  Obama gave Iran carte blanche on their nuclear ambitions.
Thank you Senator Feinstein.
THANK YOU  FEINSTEIN 4 PROVING THAT EVEN U CAN NOT BE TRUSTED! IS URANIUM IN NUKES ASK UR BFF THANK HER 4 THIS!!
Earth to #SenFeinstein: Kim Jong-un is threatening millions of Americans with nukes!
I am definitely pro elimination.  Watch a Hiroshima documentary, listen to those who lived through it. Why???
Sad
Remember, despite his token Purple Heart,Trump has never experienced war, poverty, being a woman & having your repro rights taken, nothing..
Good Wednesday, Sen.Dianne Feinstein of S.F. Califiornia,
Pres. Reagan...didn't know that Bill (buba) Clinton in 1994 was going th give N.Korea 5,Billion $ Dollars & 2 nuke reactors,= The Bomb!
Democrats are Socialists who want the United States on her knees to other Super Powers.
republicans are crony capitalists that want to make the rich richer at the expense of the middle class and ignorant poor voters
Medicaid=Socialist healthcare. Demos sponsor bills that allow convicts & illegals to vote. Middle class representation? Democrats=Socialism
Well, if we shoot them all off.... 
The intent of the Reagan quote is incorrect. He used it to kick off the Star Wars program, a useless expensive ABM defense.
Senator please let's start with this today by taking the nuke codes away this man is not mentally fit for office he's brought hardship
Don't forget to thank The Clinton's for selling North Korea & China nuclear and military technology.
seek..keyword dipstick..the north koreans have other ideas
The same Reagan who said that "the best minds are not in government, they are in business" ...?
unfortunately Reagan turned down that opportunity in favor of middle defense system Star Wars.
I'd LOVE Reagan right now.
