You going to investigate @HillaryClinton colluding with the Ukraine too?
Ukraine is an ally, but thanks for playing. 
The 1980's are calling they want their foreign policy back
Mmmmkay, so try and fast forward to 2017 and the issue at hand
Ya.. about that.. Russia isn't an enemy of the State
Oh really, who do you think their nuclear weapons are aimed at and vice versa? 
Please ask those who are testifying if they are being blackmailed by Russia, an operative, or even within Trump circle.
13 days after this meeting, Trump spoke publicly about 'enemies have dirt on HRC. He bloody knew. Speech was June 22nd. As guilty as DTjr
Believers of empty accusations.  Just say you want Trump out.
Please move quickly Senator, the Administration is so corrupt, the Republic is at risk.
1/2 Who will be first among GOP Senate majority to stand up and call for similar action? Where is their sense of duty to defend the Country?
2/2 We can respect due process but the GOP must step up the pace!! No reason to allow this to drag on and on. #DonaldTrumpJr #TREASON
Get Kushner out now.  Stop security clearance immediately

Pence and Ryan have also lied and help cover up the Trump treason. Remember the Nunes fiasco?
Oh, Lawdy, yes! Nunes! And Pence. He needs to be investigated, at the least, as an accessory after the fact. Ryan's being investigated.
What's taking so looong? Putin has bought the trump family. You need to get them out of the WH. Who knows what the end game of this is...
Yes move as fast as on the #HillaryEmails
Take a nap granny.
Bill Clintons meeting on tarmac with Lynch? Comie saying lynch told me to call investigation a Matter?DNC email server hacked by Russia?
Don't forget that Trump Jr.'s collusion w/Russia doesn't exist in a vacuum. This was going on at the same time:
Perhaps Don Jr. copped to collusion to try to divert the money laundering & racketeering charges that are coming for the whole family
May be other crimes, but the only reason Jr. tweeted the email chain was cuz the story was being published in effort to control narrative.
Please hold hearings.  If they won't testify, force them
Trump Jr exposed his email...Dianne ! So now let the FBI take a look at the DNC hacked computers!!! What are the Democrats hiding?
Give it up.
Paul Ryan is a Globalist piece of dung. He is as bad as Hillary they have same agenda to take down America. Fellow scum McCain,Graham McCone
Before witnesses such as DT Jr "disappear"
Seth Rich for example?Every time someone has something on the Clintons they get in car accidents,unexpected heartaches ?
@SenFeinstein Very quickly. I want to see some punishment for what has been and is being done to our government and the elections! #treason
Where was UR questions when Hillary gave away US uranium rights 2 Russia/pocket money for friends & foundation & when Russia invaded Crimea
Time to start impeachment!enough is enough!
@SenFeinstein - looks like Don Jr has cut and pasted his emails that he shared on twitter today - who knows what he took out of them? Hmm
Are you this suspicious  of Hillary, just wondering
PLEASE DO!!  This is NOT a political issue and cannot be politicized -- its a criminal/constitutional issue and must be addressed NOW
I agree. I've been saying all along this is not a partisan issue.
Please, you're showing your ignorance after allowing Hillary to allow the world to see classified info. on her home server. What a farce !
Move quick you joking y'all the government only thing y'all do quick is get rich
Thank you!
Yes QUICK please! We need it all! My family is done with crooks in POWER. You do you & Let Mueller do his job, and expose EVERYONE Involved.
Yes! And please ask your Republican colleagues on my behalf...when will they care about this? I'm disgusted by their silence.
Where are all those Hillary emails? Oh they were erased and the server was cleaned with a cloth. Trump Jr provided his emails
These hearings need to be a preamble to impeachment proceedings.  Get these traitors out of the white house.
Thank you—there's clear and apparent evidence that a crime(s) has been committed. And Kushner's security clearance should be revoked.
Honorable Feinstein, there are Republicans that are still patriots?  Do they love?
@rolandsmartin For the homeless, uninsured sick, exploited workers, or those in Flint, I don’t think Russia matters much right now.
Meanwhile, Con Jr. took a meeting with a Russian gov't rep instead of calling the FBI, and you just don't care. Why is that, Ричард?
Oh Brother,  Russian attorney gave false info to get meeting with Trump Campaign and had nothing - no crime
This man needs to be gotten out of the Oval Office. Just how much time do you think it's going to take him to declare a police state?
Podesta email make example out of leaker? Seth Richs murder? Payments to Iran ransom? Do some investigating please. Don't just talk shit
Benghazi fake story told to Americans? Fast and furious ? Take down of Libia ?deleted emails of classified government documents by HILLARY?
Many questions to be answered by you sen Feinstein. Why did you back a criminal for president? Obama Clinton uranium deal with Russia?
You need to be stronger. This is treason & if the @GOP doesn't get off their asses and start impeachment of the entire admin & appointees 1/
Then the entire @GOP @SpeakerRyan @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr @HouseGOP are complicit in treason too. Full Stop. Stop dicking around #impeach45
Dems need to get tough, stand up and rage against Trump!
Thank you Senator Feinstein.  I look forward to hearing Jr's testimony.
Still waiting for the questions and answers about Hillary and her emails
I agree! I was curious who Manafort was texting or emailing during the meeting the lady lawyer said. Maybe to Trump who was in the building.
Moderate @GOP here (I know). Have supported you for decades, including your run for governor. Many of us are working with you.
all you are trying to do is undermine President Trump and his admistration there is no there there.Hillary lost move on USA voted Trump
You did not move quickly on Clinton, oh that's right, you did not move at all. When you left the city, you sold out.
Investigate Mexican govt outlines its efforts to flip election to Clinton, colluding w/ Hillary agent Villaragosa
Why won't @DNC give Feds access to serverWho ordered hit job on former #DNC staffer #SethRich who leaked DNC docs to @wikileaks @KimDotcom
Russia. Stop listening to fox & breitbart & InfoWars you traitor!
Well Dianne, if U don't mind me calling U Dianne. Let's be very honest abt lawbreaking. whole Lotta Dems got passes on criminal acts URS 1ST
Hillary Clinton NOW!
You've got the same dim bulb followers as Pelosi, Waters, and Mean
@RepAlGreen.  Just read on ....
Yes! Pls work fast and thank you @SenFeinstein
Yes please. And Donald Jr needs to testify in the open. The American people have a right to listen.
It's impeach time. Don't wait!
When is Jared and Ivanka’s security clearance getting revoked?
Please keep pressing on!
Funny that you would never utter " Hillary" emails much less demand that the Judiciary Committee move on dealing with her ! Bias
God speed please
The ONLY question is....why are you still obsessed with Russia lady?
No law broken. Sorry.
This guy has to hit the road though. . .
This whole Russia thing is a real snooze.  Stop wasting our tax dollars and work with @POTUS to #MAGA
Both chairmans of each investigative committee have already been corrupted by Trump. They were told to go to media and say "nothing to see."
Oh like Hillary's emails?
Thank you, Senator! You're a credit to our nation.
What an understatement? Questions? How about treason?
Feinstein can tell you stories she's seen in her years in the senate about real corruption. This is nothing.
Your leadership is so appreciated. THANK YOU for remaining in Congress in difficult times.
Why is this most important issue facing the Country in history not taking center stage on the hill? Hearings should start immediately!
Move like lightening!  Please hurry up.
Thank you, @SenFeinstein This new information is deeply disturbing. We need answers about what really happened.
Where is call for Hillary's emsils?
WHERE IS @TheJusticeDept ??????   WHERE????
Where is the outrage from the Democrats?  It's time for the Dems to stand up against the Trump corruption of this great democracy.
You voted for the biggest criminal this country has ever allowed to hold an office,let alone run for president. HRC needs to be put away!
Kushner needs his security clearance suspended NOW!
All of our organizations are moving so slowly that even treason is being normalized.
The Trump Family Crime Syndicate was engaged and aware of Russian espionage in our election.  AND THEY LIED ABOUT IT ALL.
thank you!
Yes, before all emails "accidentally" disappear or the players get together and weave a story.
Unlike Clinton, all emails have been released for public consumption. Not scrubbed and bleached, like crooked Clinton!
The Trumpers are trapped on a island and UN Owen (Senators) will find out their secrets like in And Then There Were None. #TrumpColluded
Get over it, there is nothing there to question.
Thank you Senator. You're the best!
Definitely
We are behind you. All the way
You mean HRC's emails?  You Lunatic Left Winger Liberals are pathetic losers!
DO IT QUICKLY, IMMEDIATELY, LIKE TOMORROW.  ACT NOW!
he's posting them. why not research and decide for yourselves... me? I couldn't care less
Please work to make that happen.
Need to see Manafort and Kushner emails as well...
Yes, please.
And G. Mattis should take full control of Millitary command
Now please!
Yes. Kushner and Manafort need to be questioned, too.
Also need to stop all appointments, Ex. Orders, acts of aggression & war by prez. He needs to be neutered for the duration.
Let's get on it now. And revoke Jared's security clearances immediately.
Yes! How do these people still have security clearance!
Donors and lobbyists are counting on the current group they're managing -- Trump, McConnell, Ryan, et al -- staying in place passing agenda.
Thank you @SenFeinstein #ImpeachTrump
Yes, please. And as I conveyed to one of your staffers by phone yesterday: please press the issue of revoking Jared Kushner's clearance!
Thank you Senator Feinstein
Yes please! The security and sovereignty of our country is at stake! @gop.
What questions? You can read them
It really bothers you the contributing Americans I've said enough of you and your gang
I agree... And I hope it does.
Yes, please do!
No chance that Trump Junior whose very existence is based on pleasing his Father would not have said "Hey Dad, Russians offered to help"
