I have tried calling you but can't get through. Please push for public hearings on the disasterous #Trumpcare bill. Do whatever it takes!
CA has the 6th largest economy in the world. We are an overwhelmingly Dem state. Why must we suffer at hands of people who give us no say?!
You should not!!
That should tell you how broken the state of Ca. Really is. Get a clue lady.
But you & corporate Dems always ask 'how will you pay for it?' but never ask how are we paying for all these interventionist wars overseas?
Why is it acceptable to you that 1 in 3 Californians NEED healthcare designed for the poor? You need them on the #DemocratPovertyPlantation
Every 1 a reason to vote NO on health care.  ! #VeteransResist #FBR #VetsvsTrumpcare #HealthNotWealth
Seriously. Half children in our state are on Medicaid? & 1 in 3 adults? What's ur plan getting jobs & income up???
gas lighting your constituents by pretending to not understand how #MedicareForAll works-NO ONE believes it bc youre paid off by insurance
Let's require passing a drug test before you get free healthcare. I get tested on my job.
California has an opportunity in #sb562 to cover even more people. Too bad health ins/bigPharma $$ matter more to the Dems than constituents
14 mill lives YOU put at risk by blocking single payer in CA - you cant have it both ways. you coulda been a leader.
I would not be proud of that,  means there are many poor ppl in Calif.. why is that with Calif making so much money.Dems wasting $ as usual
Me and my 3 #kids #smallbiz #owner haven't had #healthcare for 7yrs so should we #die cuz I can't pay 2000$ a months plus 800$ deduct #die ?
Why are so many on Medicaid in California ? 1in 3???
Finally an intelligent question/comment. No one is disturb 1 in 3 CA on Medicaid. Thanks
Your welcome 
Pres Obama slashing the military cost me my job, home, cars and healthcare. Why didn't you care when he did that to me and family?
There is no cut in Medicaid. Just slower growth starting 2024. Diane ur my senator, I want to know why the hell so many calis r on Medicaid?
#MedicareForAll is not a govt take over-thats a GOP lie its govt-funded HC and ALL ppl would be covered in every state
There are plenty of celebrities contributing nothing to society that can supplement health care costs.
SOMEBODY TALK TO MITT ROMNEY! He knew how to make it work in his state! Thank you for all you're hard work
California is broke as a joke, wonder if that has anything to do with their budget?
1 in 3 time to fix the system and get people off that are abusing the system.
No it wouldn't. But I want to know WHY THE HELL are 1/2 all kids & 1 out of 3 adults in our state on Medicaid?!?
Stop giving welfare to immigrants that are capable of working or those that just arrived..they need to have jobs or go home
Talk is cheap.
How so? Explain how they are in jeopardy. You mean people may have to pay if they want insurance?
Challenge for Californians: step outside ur home and look 2 the left & right. 1 of the 3 of u r on Medicaid. No one disturbed abt that???
Sorry, but 1 in 3 Californians don't NEED Medicaid.
Why do your people need help u JEWI because u & zuckerberg & Jay Leno & Jerry the fairy steal & waste &DO NOT WORK THE LAND Lev 27
Yikes
1 in 3 illegals, is that it Keep Kalifornia Blue through bribery
Can we sue the Rs for patient negligence?
Why is one-third of the state on Medicaid? That's nothing to boast about.
33% of the state is on a government program? These people need to get jobs and stop having kids they can't afford.

#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer ONLY!!!
YOU continue to cause the decline in our party because you're Clueless about what's important and how to construct a message that resonate
So should California continue to pay more in fed tax to the govt than it receives back. As it has for decades?
ObamaCare is saving lives. TrumpCare is the REAL death panels! Shut down the Senate! Get CBO score! Hold public hearings! #RESIST. EVERY DAY
SENATOR  HAVE A DEBATE ON TELEVISION  4 FOR AND  4 AGAINST FROM BOTH PARTIES  2 from each  THEN ASK THE AMER PPL  BY A SELECT OF QUESTION
If only your own state party hadn't just killed universal health care in California
The contributing Americans just don't trust you you're trying to force the contributing Americans to take care of your aliens 4 votes
Having 1 in 3 on Medicaid seems more like the problem instead of the health care bill!
#SinglePayer covers 3 in 3 Californians. That's everybody. Their health is in jeopardy by your opposition to #MedicareForAll
You are not helping me or your cause.
According to Enzi, WY- bill "lifts the exclusion of Medicaid services for adults receiving inpatient psychiatric"(4MentalHealth/addiction.)
Senator Feinstein, we are in this position because the Democratic stratagem was Asuna. This is your fault as the primary leadership
The fact that 33% of Californians are on Medicaid is a problem created by California law makers and their wasteful spending. Not my problem
We are are scared, angry and to think that the majority? of GOP and the Trump admin have been bought and paid for by RU? #resistance
My understanding- new bill gives states more leeway in how to use Medicaid funds, so Cali might be able to keep the 14mil out of jeopardy.
Obama stole billions from Medicare
Since @SenateDems aren't in charge, keep up the good work & continuing to put a human face on the cuts that this plan will put in place.
Healthcare isn't a partisan issue; it has a real human face & real consequences when people need & can't get assistance #SlowTheHCTrain
@HouseGOP @SenateGOP HC bill isn't about healthcare. Period. It never was. It's a tax cut masquarading as a HC bill. #CallItWhatItIs
Yes. I understand and very upset and will do everything to get the message out, but can we get back to RU attacked us because of Trump?
@SenFeinstein have you thought how many you are keeping from getting health care 

Hmmmm

Your resistance is hirting more than your.helping
How many are illegal?
1 in 3 Californians should not be in need of government assistance. That's ludicrous
But the tax breaksssssssssssssss (falling into a black hole)
You're preaching to the choir here. Go argue with your fellow senators about this. Get on the floor, get mean, get vocal. Do your job.
She did, she works hard for her corporate donors.
I can't wait to see all the picketing #Trump supporters raving about how the #BCRA will help them out of opiate addiction and black lung.
