Yes because a 55 year old married couple needs that!
Don't understand insurance, do ya? BTW, we're both 65 and are proud to help the new generations.
You've been undercharged for Medicare your entire life, which is why it's $30 trillion actuarially underfunded.  But we'll print more $$
You don't know what the hell you're talking about. Your comments of sarcasm show it. Many result to sarcasm when tjey really don't know.
No, i actually do, you'll have to refute what I said if you want to make a point
But you haven't said anything. That's the point. You make statements without any meaning. Like bullet points with no explanation.
6.  If you're proud of all that, then you are the reason the country is in debt and sinking fast.  I won't comment on your intellect.
Stop spemding 8 X what China and Russia spend,on defense and you put it in healthcare. You pay for countries ppls needs 1st. It works in
That was what they did pre ACA, among other scams
 We need single payer now.
As a male I really don't need it.
See the problem?
You di not understand how health insurance involves a group sharing the risk.
You suggest it's the only way, but only if ins. Co is only allowed to sell if those things included
Thats good for some like me. I no longer need maternity care.
That's not how insurance works
Yes, it is...
No its not...everyone puts in so everyone can get covered
You've confused insurance with socialism...
Don't be an ass & get a clue
You're the one who hasn't a clue. Insurance is the transfer of risk, for UNEXPECTED losses. Not having others pay for your routine costs.
Routine costs r part of health insurance so stop with the others cuz unless ur in the 1% others help most u 2.u get subsidies thru employer?
Insurance companies that offer inferior products will go out of business. ACA forced me to spend $7k on insurance I didn't use 1/4!
All kinds of useless crap will be sold to unsuspecting consumers! Insurance companies are infamous for this! #TheResistance
You wouldn't know about that though, you were exempt. Do all of your constituents know that you are exempt?
Stop fighting not to change, and start fighting to make the right changes!
Then you have the freedom to choose another company. That's the beauty of America, the govt can't force you to buy a product.

Emailing my Representative, Sen. Diane Feinstein @SenFeinstein on Violence, Resistance, Healthcare, Tax Reform, & My Vote in 2018. 
Maybe Chuckie Cheese Grassley can help you with this? No? I thought he was your good friend
This country is going backwards. It's pathetic!
Worked as hospital counselor I've seen insurance maternity riders shock families leaving with a new baby owing thousands to the hospital
Umm if I am a single guy, why do I need maternity care.
Were you born? Someone needed it who was very close to you. Think. Think harder.
Then THEY should buy insurance with maternity coverage.
IT'S FOR THE GOOD OF OUR COUNTRY AND COMMUNITY. Women don't need ways to increase expenses. Jesus. I bet your mom is embarrassed of you.
Hey chicken little, look outside the sky is falling.  PHONY
Your point makes excellent case for #MedicareForAll single payer.

We need health CARE,not health INSURANCE,useless middlemen between u & Dr
What are you & @TheDemocrats doing to have an #ACA fix ready?
Please call it what it is Trumpdeathcare
Women better cross their legs and hold that baby in. Besides, GOP only cares about children when they are in the womb. After that?
If the GOP can coerce them into voting Republican, then they serve an additional purpose.
Democrats fire up their radical base, voters fire Democrats. Works for me.
One has to wonder why so many women voted for them
GOP is trying to fundamentally change how insurance works!
Everyone throws equal  $$ into the pot, the pot takes care of everyone, costs everyone less.
Start monkeying around with I pay more cos I'm 59? Or is it I pay less cos I'm 59 and no more babies? See? Gonna be a freaking mess.
And then, I pay less - do I get less coverage or more coverage cos I pay less cos I'm only 25 and not old and decrepit? discrimination?
1/ you statement is misleading and inaccurate. These are not dues, it is an insurance policy.
Following the 'business guidelines' of Trump University.
Why should I have to buy a plan that has maternity care?  Get govt out of health care. Capitalism works not socialism
What's terrible about that!  Free choice to by that plan or a better, more expensive, plan that does cover maternity care.
Fight like hell!
Sounds like a win-win doesnt it?
This is terrible, demo rates need to get off the pot!!
I'm a cis male bachelor, why do I need a plan that covers maternity care?
Diane, you know gov't. is bad at almost everything at exponentially higher cost. Think congress sb forced to use Veterans hospitals only
@CrushTheCheeto Kr plans that cover U on alt mondays falling on 13th, standing on 1 leg, while U whistle Dixie thru UR ass
Or Plans
This #trumpcare bill is another #donthecon scam. The GOP is offering us rotten, rancid trump steaks then blaming us for not eating 'em.
Just like the America the GOP remembers fondly.
Our government has turned into a bunch of scammers. (Not you Senator - you are one of the few good ones left)
So don't buy junk plans, dah!
#HealthcareBill if passed will further divide an already divided country. Pls don't let this bill get passed.
450,00 veterans will lose Medicaid coverage - Perfect way to say 'thanks for your service'.
You should work across party lines to improve it, that is why you are supposed to be a senator, not an obstructionist.  Otherwise resign.
So u prefer to leave ACA like it is, do nothing, & watch it implode? If you are not part of the solution then YOU are part of the problem
What if you don't need maternity care?  Why pay for it?
Maybe at 65 I don't need it
GOP: Premiums will be lower! Yes, cuz the plans will suck. Great ins if you never actually need it.
Senator, I have also heard that they're denying disabled children benefits and Hospice houses/care! This is a travesty! Just for the rich!
#Terrible, that's all you got! Better find some #Cajones or #MOVEOVER and let a real fighter for the people take the reins .. #NotGoodEnough
Crony Capitalism
And Trumpettes love that they have choice! Gotta love his uneducated base!

#Trumpcaresucksbighairrymonkeyballs
Republicans in government hate America and Americans,they only care about lining their and their mentors' pockets.
Why do we need insurance companies involved at all, senator? #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll #NHSforUSA
Re-write that part and get majority on each clause you don't agree with. Pass each clause! Read each other's proposals, collaborate and pass
Then don't buy it. :D
Tell the people what you would change about the ACA to make it better.  Make your case to keep it.  They don't know.
Why cant all.of us have the low cost plans you government lackeys have, Dianne? Tell us what YOUR premiums & co-pays are, & what is covered
Yeh so's your face
Good. I'm 50+,  I don't need maternity coverage, nor do I want to pay someone else's premiums.
I cannot understand what that party's supporters are thinking? Kill Americans? What is it?
Republicans think we are asking people who don't own a car to buy car insurance. We all have bodies that someday will need medical care.
If Obamacare was so great why did you and your colleagues exempt yourselves @SenFeinstein. Plans that fit your needs make sense.
My M.S. meds cost $8k/month without them,this disease will slowly kill me. This #HealthcareBill is death sentence4 us with chronic illnesses
I totally agree! It's almost as if you can't get coverage if you're not a rich white man with no chronic health problems.
I don't need it
ObamaCare Bronze with $5,000 deductible still unaffordable for a family of 4
Please explain major points of #AHCA so that your California constituents can better understand it.
Fake news ! Why would a Insurance company do that... Dianne ? Ridiculous rhetoric !
Dems drop politeness with Republicans. See how ruthless McConnell is to you?! LEARN!!!! When they go low, Kick em in the nuts!!!
Forcing unmarried MEN to buy health insurance with maternity covetage IS junk insurance. Am I going to fast for you?
And under the free market people don't have to buy those plans.
Again. They can sell junk plans again.
Where is Dems plan to contain drug and tech costs.  So providers and patients can obtain without current price gouging? #positiveideas
Keep working for us!! Please!
Back to the days of "you have complete coverage" until you try to use it. Unregulated insurance plans profiting on sick people. #Trumpcare
I do not need maternity care! I do not need pediatric dental! #TrumpCare is better than #ObamaCare
Kinda like car insurance. No accidents good credit and my rate goes up because of other peoples accidents. Same with health care
Not how capitalism works. My insurance rates stay low as long as I stay safe #EarnWhatYouBurn #TrumpCare
What state you in?
Here my premiums  rise  no accidents no tickets. Only time I've been pulled over was I popped a clutch on my car I was learning  todrive lol
Switch insurance companies... Hartford & Great American are pretty stable. geico sucks!
I will never  use gieco again paid more in insurance than i did on a brand new car of the lot couple years ago
Kudos 2 all repliers so far. Most make sense. It's called the free market. We can choose the plan that suit us, not the gov't forcing us to.
DeDe, not all women need maternity care
Next they'll make filing bankruptcy illegal, for healthcare bills. Work houses for the debtors will be the next slave labor market.
MEDICAL/DENTAL/VISION/HEARING IS ALL THATS NEEDED. ADD ONS LIKE MATERNITY CARE IS UP TO THE INDIVIDUAL. ACA WAS EXTORTION CARE.U ZIONIST POS
How about the junk plans you sell that don't pay anything because the deductibles are so high?
How about cafeteria plans, where single and gay men, and seniors, can choose not to have maternity care.
Sounds like a disaster in the making but by all means...give all that money to the Greedy rich elected officials and top 1%
This isn't a fair statement, to you they may be junk plans to others it may be more suitable, but not like you truly care anyways.
#REVOLUTION @GOP MUST GO
But we don't have to buy them you're terrible
Where's your junk plan?
Why cover something an ER can take care of?  Only the rich should have babies because they can afford them according to R's. Surfdom!
Pre O'care, my schizophrenic aunt bought insurance that cost 1500/year and had benefits of 1200/yr, but even then there were no benefits.
You couldn't use the insurance at all because it didn't cover anything. She thought it was good because it was cheap.
I'm a man. I plan on remaining a man. I don't need maternity care.
It's fine. Women don't want to pay for your viagra either.
Deal. The ACA is poor policy and any objective analysis indicates such. Free or subsidised stuff is pricey. Feinstein needs to address that.
As Obama himself said, it was only a step in the right direction. Single payer is what is needed to make America healthy.
obama LOVED giving away other's sweat equity. I'd be willing to concede single payer for a Const amend balanced budget? You game ..?
That's another good start, I agree. So long as it's not based on a $2trillion error, and doesn't spend more on bombs than Education.
Like what I had before #Obamacare. #SaveACA
"Could" sell junk plans?  How's about Insurance Companies, who WROTE the bill, WILL SELL JUNK PLANS to needy unsuspecting Americans.
Back to the old way of doing things...ripping off unsuspecting, hard working people to ensure their lot in life will not improve.  Sick.
So that's what MAGA means!
Yes they could. Why is that junk and what's the problem? Many don't need it
If these senators are allowed to pass this bill it shows you how the GOPs don't  care about the poor. GOPs are morally bankrupt.
The poor get pretty poor care...but GOP gives them options. Take the care or get out of the trap. Your choice.
What are you talking about?no sense of reality. I am talking about people who depends on Medicare to afford to see the doctor or die.
Clearly they just need to "choose" not to be sick anymore. Or maybe they didn't pray hard enough. Either way, they brought it on themselves.
As a male I do not consider having the option to not pay for a pregnancy I will never have as junk.
Yep they don't care about Americans just rich ones and corporations
Tired rhetoric here.
Either elaborate on how #trumpcare is a more equitable solution than the ACA, or go crawl back in your own bottle.
And then when you get sick, the insurance co. says, you aren't covered and you spend your dying days broke and fighting with the ins. co.
#wealthcare
