@cohenss You can't stop or legislate evil. Stop offering false hope.
Yes, we should definitely do nothing at all while we lament the existence of evil.
Nothing is what we do best.
What is that supposed to mean?
Best uninhibited stand by a black man this year.
?
#EminemVSTrump  "Storm" rap.
sorry i thought we were talking about gun laws
has his assets been seized yet to pay Victim's Restitution?
Of course not. He was a rich white man
Where are the Good Lawyers that actually Help Victims? Asking for 600+ friends
might be a way to STOP assault weapon crimes hitting the family's pocket book. Also if there were serious PENALTIES people would speak up
I concur. When there's a car accident the people go after those at fault. And often the family has to pay through the nose 1/
Victim Assistance Rights is in every state I hope. The Las Vegas District Attorney should be on this. I'm tired of Victims being Victimized
and sick narcissists like Eric Paddock using tragedy for attention. The media gives criminals and their co-conspirators free range to act
I can't agree more with you on that
25 years, that’s how long it took you to do nothing about CA  water supplies for human/agricultural needs.  We can’t allow this to continue.
... And over half of that 25 years, CA had Republican governors. Why is a US senator to blame, exactly?
Because the endangered species act is a federal law.
So? Are you saying that the endangered species act is the only reason for water problems in CA? That's just plain absurd.
It is the primary reason - not absurd, it impacts construction of storage, water flows into the delta, all major problems.
Bull. It is far from the primary issue. The main issue has always been money, as with Westlands and the tunnels now. No one wants to pay.
We’ve borrowed $20 trillion - politicians will borrow for what they want so you are again, incorrect.
Sure, a Republican governor would be happy to borrow more, to avoid actually paying for projects, but that hasn't been Brown's method.
Name a law, any law, that has ever prevented a crime, Nancy. So, how you gonna stop psychos from breaking laws?
And how many minutes did it take the boston bomber?
I feel the only way guns will get regulated is if someone opens fire on congress or the senate, nothing will change NRA owns our government
Or at a gunshow or NRA meeting. Until they are terrorized personally the GOP and NRA will not stop the proliferation of weapons and violence
Cars in this country field 65,000 so far this year injured over 300,000 Millions bumps and bruises are you willing to give up your car
Tired old argument. Cars are licensed, you have to take driving lessons, you have to have a drivers license for a car and insurance
People who own cars have licenses insurance and irresponsibly kill over 65,000 people a year wound 300,000 but you're okay with that
Can you site your references?
National Transportation Bureau call d n t b look it up that doesn't explain why you would want to get rid of your constitutional rights
I never said give up guns. I said regulate them. No one is coming for your guns.
Then take action now!

Such a reply of cowardice from a turd who won't even put his picture on his Twitter account.
What's your solution? Please comment below.
Half of those murdered  came from CA. 
But everyday over 59 die from guns. Most are not on cameras. 78% don't own a gun.  No more.
And how long do you think it takes to kill 3,600 plus unborn children in Planned Parenthood Abortion Chambers?  That is in one day alone.
You have no idea what your talking about. Where are you getting your facts? Oh, and Semper fi.
Yeah, and it was claimed by Isis
This wasNOT ISIS ...this was a White Weathy American with LEGAL Assult Weapons! #BanGuns #NoSilencers #GunControlNow! @Ireland0828 @AniCorne
Of course snopes is gonna take the side that he was a crazy gun nut and make it all about guns.
Medical malpractice kills 15 times more people per year than guns. Why aren't you calling for doctors to be banned?
How do you propose stopping evil?
Run a media add & play nationally, asking Trump why he acted to make it easier for the mentally ill to buy guns & harder to get treatment.
Truth
I support a ban on assault weapons. I support Universal Background Checks. I support common sense gun safety.
And I support a ban on bump stocks and anything used to modify weapons to get around current and future restrictions. Grow up Peter Pan
For fucksake please stop calling in the Las Vegas gunman. He was a fucking terrorist. Terrorist. Terrorist. Terrorist. Terrorist. Terrorist
*him. not in
For what reason would any civilian need assault rifle, civilian should be banned from buying assault weapons
The VP is more concerned about whether black people stand or kneel for the national anthem.  It will continue.
Please list anything the senator has solved in her political career over 4 decades.  Thanks
Division is her game and communist society her aim
Jeez, even the Russians aren't communist anymore.  That's silly.  Speaking of Russia, though...
Solutions please
Let’s hear a solution. Talk is cheap.
Sen Diane. If it weren't for you democraps spewing hate some of these killings wouldn't happen
We, the people,  need to rise up and protest those who are bought by the BRA and get common sense gun control the way we did for health care
We have laws to be able to drive a car. Registration, insurance to protect others, how fast we can drive (gun type) and eye exam (mental).
Thank you for standing up for gun control. We shouldn't have to live in fear of being someone's target practice.
Our brothers and sisters lives should never be the price of freedom unless we are at war.
Too bad they couldn't sue the NRA and bankrupt it. Then we would have a level playing field to discuss gun's.
Many organizations were sued out of business
Yes, we've heard this before. Yet we will. It's a disgrace.
If your actions are opposite to your words - you are a Republican. 
Stop the massacres. GET RID OF FEINSTEIN - install a Democrat.
Weapon is a terrorist,
Ian if that terrorist had not been able to buy that type of gun ,not so many dead ,the person who has that many rounds for that type of  1/
Sorry were restricted then fewer deaths in this type of attack.
If those types of guns were not legal, and removed from the market the ammunition same as some Mediacens
The guy who will not help with gun control has his payment .now take your carcass and go home sS
Maybe you and all the left should stop all of this division instead of resistance more support to fix the mess Obama made use your head.
Took Jim Jones minutes to kill 900 ppl.... with kool-aid. Can't legislate crazy ppl from doing horrible things.
Empty words until Congress stops taking money from special interest groups that are then allowed to dictate policy. @SenateDems @SenateGOP
NRA solution: everyone should have 67 fully automatic weapons to protect themselves from psychotic snipers
Thank You for running for re-election!
What do you propose?  Talk is cheap. Put your money where your mouth is and don’t take away my second amendment. Madison warmed us about u
If security at one of the best known and popular casinos in the world has NOTHING insofar as his activities, what chance does a vote hither and yon have of changing any GD thing? Honest question.
And if he hadn't been interrupted by the security guard it would have been many many more.
"we" aren't allowing it. Republicans are.
Talk is cheap; and you should retire and make room for a progressive woman to win your seat.
Shoot 500 more?
Thanks for announcing you are running for Senate seat again! You are awesome and we in California need your leadership!
Introduce the legislation! What are you afraid of?
You should have stopped him before he did this
Over react to a horrible situation, how long dose it take to set off an illegal bomb ???  Stop trying to scare up votes
Thank you! Congress do your job to protect our rights against gun nuts!!
Logically and honestly how anyone of you plan on doing just that
He fired ten bursts for a total of 83 seconds. If that isn't enough to break the NRA stranglehold on GOP, what is? #RejecttheNRA #Enough
not to mention the firing heard in Vegas does not resemble any bump fire shooting rates. Try & google #M240 beltfed machinegun
if you think a 65 year old out of shape man could get off that many rounds in 9 minutes, you need your head examined.
If they continue to focus on the #NFLBoycott and not on protecting the lives of American citizens, you think it won't happen again?
You’re not taking our guns  so find something else to work on in your final term #takebackCA #MAGA
GOP says nope.
I think people applying to purchase guns should get a pyscho evaluation first,that was a terrible senseless tragedy.
It should not continue but nothing is going to change Americans are in love with their guns
We can't. We shan't. Never again. What's your solution? Waiting with baited breath.
9 minutes to shoot nearly 600 people.
That's a long time, they should have found him much quicker.
It took police longer to get on scene=worthless. Protect yourselves America. Say no to more disarmament!
WHAT are you going to DO about it?
The. Only solution is to. Ban   N r a   Witch is not  possible
You cannot stop evil
Which means roughly 62 people were 'hit' per minute.
Senator Feinstein 
Right now you need to be asking about Russia sanctions not guns.
Simple solution.....no weapons of war .
Senator, as much as I disagree w/what you think we should do, I agree something must be done.
No assault weapons!
A registry might help,  if you hadn't gone on all the Sunday shows saying nothing could've prevented it
Do something about it?
@SenFeinstein please lead the fight.  
I know y/worked tirelessly for years for gun control & I’m right there w/you. God bless/y & give y/strength to carry on this fight.
Shouldn’t you be trying to clean up your state. My friends just visited SF and had to step over homeless folks - Embarrassing
Yet you don't care about all the people that die from malpractice events, You don't care about deaths, just control of the people.
@SenFeinstein  The proposed bump stock ban is insufficient to save American lives. Please work towards banning the sale of assault weapons like the AK-47 & AR-15. These death machines should only be in the hands of the military
Thank you Senator.
As supporters of the Senator and loyal #Californians, let's start thinking and talking about how #independence will make us safer and free from undemocratic Right-Wing extremists. #FreeCalifornia #Calexit http://FreeCaliforniaRepublic.com 
Is the NRA part of the military complex Eisenhower warned against?
Senator, how many decades have you been in office and what laws have you sponsored/had signed during that time to stop gun violence?
Know this should bad but lucky he had automatic rifle. Single semi auto might had killed more. Every bullet would had killed. More accurate
and if he had silencers to hide his muzzle flash, he probably would have escaped
The bump stock ban isn't enough Dianne! 
Breitbart is posting DIY videos to enable mass murder w/out bump stocks. 
#RepealDickeyAmdt
We need a National Gun Registry in America.
Close gun show & online/private sales loopholes.
Limit bullets, amount of guns ppl can buy.
Don't allow nra to gag Center for Disease Control's collection of statistical research on gun violence in America. #RepealDickeyAmendment
But didn’t you just tweet that no law against guns would have prevented that? Get it together now, the #gop must speak out against it #nonra
Exactly! #gunsense
Wonder how long it takes to kill a child during an abortion?
Yeah maybe next time he will use a pressure cooker and kill/injure 286 in less than 10 seconds.
Are you going to make the rest of the country like Chicago?
How would you have stopped him?...if he didn't have guns he'd have drove his car (that was loaded with explosives) through the crowd!
We've been asking for decades. It's in your court now, Senator.
"But wait, there's more! "The @GOP are ok with silencers and armor piercing bullets!" "We'll kill you quietly...!"
9 minutes. That's how long it took the Las Vegas gunman to kill nearly 60 people and injure 500 more. We can't allow this to continue.
I own 2 weapons for home protection... I do not think people should have any weapon that out man's our Law Enforcement officers. Period!
It takes less time than that for lots of different things next you will close airports close train stations and out law tornadoes
that would never fly unfortunately even tho Australia has banned all but hunting arms which sounds good to me!
seriously? I know many families who rely on a good hunting season to provide near for their families for the entire year You dont sound.....
I thought you solved the problem with a #BumpStockBill? Now you want to ban guns!? Good luck!
Then start locking up criminals and let law abiding citizens protect themselves from the liberal/ communists
Didn't you just say gun laws wouldn't have stopped this attack ? You are part of the system.
Then don't!You're in a position to do something.
But we will
Im so GLAD you're worried about gun control. MAYBE NOW people will take notice to DEMOCRATIC CITY CHGO who hav 20- 50+ deaths a week
We have launched air strikes for less suffering than he inflicted. Can't even get assault weapons put in same group as sawed-off.
Trump can destroy us all in 5.
You've seen the evidence. Last fall, you were shown the proof. Why aren't you screaming on you way out to every colleague you have?
ban bumpstocks,even if already owned,national register,no backyard or parking lot sales
Diane it almost sounds like u care for real. Tell u what..disarm your boy guards and surrender all guns in your home(s) and I’ll do so too
Shut up! I have had enough! My child was at that concert.The grace of God she is unharmed physically But  mentally struggling. Give us peace
And Reps like: Yea, let's initiate some paperwork so the next one needs at least 11min....
Agree, ban all psychotic murderers!
Most of us are behind you.
Investigate white terrorist for a change
Dems coming out against guns even faster. How about speaking out against liberal hatred of Republicans?
You guys spend too much time chasing fake terrorist around.  Mainly black people.  Stop it.
@iamgreenbean
Useful
Senator, @NRA has Trump and the @GOP tied up. Millions in donations. We must break their ties. We must protect American lives, not the club.
Repeal the second admentment. It has no usual social  purpose  other than create worth for gun manufacturers.  Get in touch with  history!!!
You are a fool
Your saying you want our society to be like the "Minority Report"? Sen Feinstein?
It was allowed to continue after 20 first graders were slaughtered in minutes. Congress is broken.
Midterms only 13 months away.  People can #VOTEBLUE at all levels to regain sanity in govt.  ONLY VOTERS can end the #GOPcancer
Here's your blue voter.
No shit!
Sigh. You acknowledged there was no law which could have prevented Vegas shooting.
We cannot! America the beautiful is no more. It's ugly and you risk the life of your family just by sending your kid to school.
All teachers should be armed
The Clintons have more than 30 killings, Obama has influence the killings of dozens of police officers. Any ideas Mrs. Feinstein?
And what's the number of your bill? Cosponsers? @SenJeffMerkley @RonWyden  #PrayersAreNotWorking #RestoreBanOnAutoWeapons
You libs want us to be like the rest of the world so now you have it and you want to blame the gun again.
What are you going to do? Outlaw killing or something? #LiberalLogic #OutOfTouch
Well said. Now do it. Faith without works is dead.
We need same comprehensive gov regulations 4 guns that we have 4 Americans 2 drive cars— licensed, insured, registration—do it right.
And LIABILITY
So what ya gonna do about that Diane?
Then stop Breitbart News from posting videos on how to make a standard weapon an automatic weapon. It’s being promoted on their site now.
Unreal: the Trump campaign just sent an email using the Las Vegas shooting to fundraise for the campaign. 
I'm a Californian and sister to a murdered brother. I beleive in the 2nd ammendment, but there has to be some controls. Hate the NRA.
We let babies be murdered and nothing changed - I’m heartbroken and despairing at best - numb at worst - who are we

Don't be shocked to know they fought for decades when it was lead in our gasoline.
i remember, white gas became unleaded in 1972- 73.
FYI @SenFeinstein
With all due respect Senator, put your money where your mouth is.
Yes! Yes! Yes! I’m with you Dianne! 
So is hitler.
We have been asking for common sense gun laws for YEARS. This shouldn't have happened, and wouldn't have if Congress would stand up to NRA.
Here's the truth.
New theory suggests #Vegas gunman didn't act alone but was assisted by 52 senators, 298 representatives, and the @NRA
And antifa.
But what the fuck are you going to do about it?? At a guess, nothing
Took about that long for Clinton and Reno to kill over 80 in Waco 24 years ago.  I'm assuming you were trying to make a point.  I'll wait.
As long as NRA can buy Congress it will continue.
Maybe someone should tell the truth.
We need to discuss the #NRA's conflicts of interest. Every time a mass shooting occurs, they rake in the cash.
Where was all this when Obama was Pres and Dems controlled House and Senate? I don't blame either Pres. Stop playing Sides Senator
How would u stop it sen. ??
You’re in a position to bring about real change. Don’t allow this to continue. Don’t cave to the @nra and ignore real gun control.
How long does it take for a terrorist to run over people in Europe?
Pro Tip kids: This is the sloppiest false flag since Sandy Hook......totally exposed!
That how long it took you to make up something random
And...Trump/Russia.
Dianne admitted there is no law that would have prevented Las Vegas from happening.
Feinstein thinks the Las Vegas shooter is still shooting?  Someone please tell her the shooting has not continued.  She can leave the bunker
And the first plane into the World Trade Center took how long? How many died?
That's right, and the reason we need more people with guns
You're right Senator. I've been a fan of yours since your fist run for Sup but Americans are nuts.
45 seconds. That's how long it took the Muslim that drove a vehicle into a crowd in Nice, France and killed 86 people and injured 458 more.
Just in case you don't know, the "gun lobbyist" are the American people!  Who give their money to the NRA and others.
need legal change as well as moral, economic, spiritual, social, cultural, psychological, artistic, health, political, etc.  revise second

Our laws don't allows it. The shooters did it anyway. #LasVegasShooting
But you're ok with the murder rate in Chicago where guns are illegal.
Nobody has said they're okay with that. And also, guns are no longer illegal in Chicago.
Your not thinking rational
Your Emotions are taking precedent over Data
You're never going to take guns and rifles away

Guns have no Brains
And all we get from Congress is thoughts & prayers. Thanks, but I have to wonder, if the guy that gets shot by a nut won't help, then what?
Bot - ignore this one. 8 tweets avg every day since joining twitter in 2011. Followed by and following bots. Only ? which troll farm.
Interesting, but you're war on grocery bags have really made such a difference to the crime in CA!
And what are you doing about the extremely high amount of gun violence and deaths in Chicago ... where gun control is not working?
We allow this to continue in Chicago everyday with strict gun laws.  You hypocrite
You might try stopping Antifa.  No, wait . . . that means you'd actually have to DO something.  My bad.

Get off your rants, and start get to work on mental health legislation. Do you not have work that needs to be done.  It is not guns.
INTRODUCE LEGISLATION THEN. When the republicants don't pass it, THEN WE WILL VOTE THEM OUT. Highlight their shame.
Please get your fellow Senators to do something......ANYTHING.
How about this?
9 months.   That's how long @realDonaldTrump has been in office.   We can't allow that to continue.
Where is our humanity?
Why do we need assault guns? Give me one, just one good reason why this type of gun should be legal.
How long was that truck ride in nice again?
How many times have you said this and nothing has happened? Let’s hope that’s not the case this time! IT IS TIME! #GunContolNow
We offer thoughts and prayers, then we wait for the next one, and offer thoughts and prayers again. It's what we do in America.
Evil will walk this earth no matter what we do
if you try to take away 2A are we allowed to try and take away your 1A?
And your solution is what? This man bought all guns legally and passed background check! All I hear from liberals is platitudes and BS!
