2A is to protect WE THE PEOPLE  from people such as yourself. This device that the killer use will not go away bcz u ban it!
And this is an example of the radicalism of #whiteterrorism in support #gunrights. #Repeal2A #RejectheNRA Bring back sanity.
Mostly it's white people who buy guns and make gun culture.  And the mass shooters are described to be #WhiteTerrorists.
Well Said America. wolverines! The truth stings
If you use a bump stock to convert your weapon, that weapon becomes an illegal weapon, no? So how are bump stocks legal to begin with?
Civilians don't have machine guns.. remember there banned and been banned.
She says that a bump fire stock turns a semiautomatic into a machine gun. If this is true, then 26 US Code 5845(b) gets the bump fire stock owner for assembling a machine gun and 26 US Code 5645(b) gets the bump fire stock maker and vendor for aiding.
That's true but because the bump stock is inconsistent and doesn't have the rate of a real full auto it doesn't make it a machine gun.
While the definition has nothing in it about constancy or rate, it does say "any weapon which shoots [...] by a single function of the trigger". I thought it was the "single function of the trigger" that made it not a machine gun.
Still is if we're talking bump fire. All it is, is press the trigger and allowing the the trigger to move itself with manipulation.
We do not agree on that statement. What we do agree on, is YOU want to eliminate guns from the hands of civilians.
Yet CA, now a sanctuary state, Dems voted AGAINST KATE'S law, fight the birder wall.. what DO u do for citizens?!
We defend the Constitution by not detaining people illegally at the Federal government's request. As a result, the Federal government has said ICE will be forced to hold citizens without cause. Bow down to the jack booted thugs when the come for you.
Civilians, that duly register machine guns with ATF are allowed to have them. “WE” don’t agree that civilians shouldn’t have them.
By we you mean you right?
Outlaw string then? I mean, with the right gun that's all it takes and those guns are perfectly legal. #GunControlNow #StringControl
One of these very rare things that you and I agree on senator.
#retire

So what are we suppose to do to protect ourselves? grab a pillow and swing away?
Oh no. I think all citizens should have automatic weapons, to protect themselves from the criminals in congress.
I dont agree. Try again.
We don't agree at all.
Who's this we?  Do you have something in your pocket that doesn't belong there?  I agree on one thing, "Gun Control" laws do not work.
Agrees to ban accessory. No agreement on funding agency that enforces ban. #fundtheATF
That won't change anything.There r too many ways 2 modify guns.
Get a federal gun registry enacted. That will show the crazies buying multiple high powered weapons. Simple
Again. You can't automate a 303 Enfield or a 30 odd 6 can you. Bolt action.  Don't wave gum talk in my face.
Lack of gun control? You do not know what you are talking about.
You don't speak for Californians. You get a concealed carry permits for decades and try to take that right away from the rest of us!
Civilians should b able 2 have arms necessary 2 fight off  tyrannical govt., mayb military & police shouldn't b allowed 2have such weapons
I said fight off, as in being attacked by. And that's exactly what it was about.
Guns meant for killing people are just wrong, don't fall for just restricting accessories! 2nd amend get reinterpreted. See @FareedZakaria
I oppose feel good laws that don't work!
Civilians shouldn't have semiautomatic assault rifles
It's so weak to raise an easy issue like bump stocks. Even the NRA may be on board. Do something more meaningful and lasting about guns.
Bump stocks need to be banned, but it's hard 4 me to praise u for this one given it's not nearly enough & GOP /NRA will say problem solved.
I think the people of Venezuela could make a strong argument for civilian firearm ownership.
#LeaveMyGunsAlone
Leave my guns alone
Stop it! You're being hysterical!
The constitution didn’t say a right to bare arms and then let government limit what you can have.
As long as you understand the constitution and you are infringing on peoples rights.
Thx 4 continuing 2 speak out 4 gun control. It's ridiculous that a law put into place when muskets were the weapon of choice can't b amended
We agree to no such thing. The second amendment is there to protect us from people like you.


If your actions are opposite to your words - you are a Republican. 
GET RID OF FEINSTEIN - install a Democrat.
Weren’t automatic weapons outlawed in the 80’s? Or is this the exploitation for repeal of 2A - start w laws on private gun sales
Ban semi-automatics. Add more rules for buying. Push for a real ban for anyone who doesn't need a gun. Protect us!
It's already forgotten. Voters shouldn't forget on Election Day
also need a fed registry.  shouldn't the govt know when someone has 42 guns?
Thank you, Sen. Feinstein. I'm pro 2nd Amendment but cannot understand why we need assault weapons. Totally against them.
We don't all agree that civilians shouldn't have machine guns. They were never a law-enforcement issue before the 1986 ban. #RepealHughes
Someone demented enough to kill could build their own mod. But a gun fire locator with stationed snipers could return fire within seconds
If gun owners were required to carry insurance (same as car owners) we would have sensible gun laws in a hot minute due to ins companies
Who is this we, because I sure as hell don't agree. Repeal the #HughesAmendment from the #FOPA today! #machineguns #thisistheline #2A #NFA
We don’t agree
Who are you to say what we can have, or how many guns we can own. You work for us, remember that.
Find documented cases where civilians with legal full auto weapons use them and crimes. You won’t!!!
And large mags and even some auto guns.
New objective. Overturn this new "knowingly spreading HIV to an unaware party is no longer a felony" mistake.
I want to knw how many guns does it take to hunt or say your protecting yourself from what? I don't get it, should be a limit switch
Cutting the budget of the State Department by 30% (aka diplomats) and increasing the budget of the pentagon, leads to ... war.
Californians need to speak out against this!

This is the most dangerous, sick experiment in American History.   #HIVbloodLaw 

@NBCLA
Californians should consider autologous blood donations prior to any surgeries until sanity returns to our state government.  #HIVbloodLaw
Civilians shouldn't have guns that can hold more than one bullet.
Civilians should be able to have any weapon that the military has
Republicans will never agree there bought and paid for buy the NRA you must know this.
How can you libs keep up that dribble? Mass shooters are always democrats
well, that makes sense, too bad the GOP has none.
Senator, I know I'm not telling u anything u don't already know but DT is trying to start a war that's going 2 get us killed. Any plans??
Machine guns are already illegal to own.  Also, banning bump stocks won’t stop criminals from getting one because they don’t follow laws.
These  measures were put in place during prohibition.  Enforcement of law..... think about it.
I don't agree with you ever ,but I do on this issue only no need for any citizen to own these
Why shouldn't they have the same weapons to protect their children that are use to protect your old dried up ovaries
No bill text. No bill support. If you want support, then please start posting the draft text of the bills you want us to support. You don't want it late from the Republicans. We don't want it late from you. I do read this stuff.
I never agreed to that and neither did anyone I know.
We can only agree that you're an out of touch old hag.
Why is it Chicago and New York with the most restrictive gun laws have dead bodies piling up. You are wrong and you know it.
I really pity you.  If for one instant you think bad guys will ever be without weapons no matter how you wish it your nuts.
Then ban cars that act like a 5000lb torpedo doing 75mph and killing kids every day
They're already banned. Is that the dementia kicking in? If you'd like, we can help find the perfect home to put you in.
I don't agree. Don't speak as "we" since you don't really represent me. Surely you mean, you don't want any citizens owning any guns.
Yeah, that would make us like all those other countries...
We should ban thoses that talk so much shit and dont do shit for the people they are serving
We're trying very hard to ban Trump. He should be in prison soon. Thanks for yor support!
We need to dump trump to. He is such a moron! We need president Obama back!
Do WE ALL agree that DACA and all illegal aliens need to be remover ASAP
You can kill many more with a truck or a bomb. You will NEVER take our weapons lady. Do something that will work!
@SenFeinstein if you start threatening to ban weapons and actually attempt to press the issue because it is the story of the week. Moronic.
@Secy_State_US 
I have a corporation issue I am trying to find an attorney who has the balls to help me finish this. 
Attorneys run like 's
It isn't a state department issue, it is simple solution.
How is that Cuba issue working out.
Sound waves can cause lots of damage.

We agree honest citizens are already afforded the right to own any firearm government does , how else can a militia protect Tyranny ?
We agree that civilians should have access to healthcare as a right.  You should agree with us and support single-payer healthcare.
Agree but MGs are owned by civilians. Agree but accessories are owne by civilians. But not all own either. States have excellent laws.
We shouldn't have illegals either.
So then ban 90% of guns
Banning accessories is a first step. Thank you.
Exactly!!!
A machine gun should be only kept and used by the military like they are,no one else should be able to get possession of such a deadly gun.
That makes too much sense. Gun nuts will never agree.
Isn't time for you to retire from going after people's rights?
Stop! Cut State & Federal spending so families can be families & raise good kids. That’s what YOU can do.
Yes agree! Let's also agree we need Public Safety Marshals (retired FD,PD,military)on site 4 directives,& triage in large fenced in venues.
Run on a gun ban platform.
You heard about the guy from Johnson city Tenn. busted with NUMEROUS ILLEGAL fully automatic rifles, right? Why this news being suppressed?
Arrested within the last week.
Common sense is to easy for the disgusting republicans
The LV shooter was a democrat
Wait....after reading this again, who is "we"? Pretty sure you're not talking about the American public

Why am I not surprising about @salemstate ? http://www.bostonglobe.com/metro/2017/10/01/whites-only-usa-racist-pro-trump-graffitifound-salem-state/hlEmzRHKq2BWMJnHfEF7YI/story.html?event=event25 … & https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/75EqHmRwfHu …
We don't agree. Who is this we? You got a hamster in your cooter or something?
Who is WE? Let's start there.
The only reason we need machine guns it to remove a government that that tried to take our guns.
WE AGREE YOU NEED A HAIRCUT, SHUT UP AND FIX TAXS
If only the NRA didn’t have the @GOP by the balls & if only  voters were smart enough not to allow the @GOP to have us all by the balls.
NRA gave 150 k to dems last year , stop drinking the kool aid. I guess you get gov help on health care. Enjoy my pay check
Which is essentially a machine gun so it should be banned
You also need to stop the part about government having such accessories from your Bill. 100% ban. Not the People nor the Federal Gov.
Then after it's banned & the nxt killer uses smthng similar u will want more restrictions until 2A gone! This is ur way 2 disarm/control us.
Nobody is saying that now. Nobody has ever said that. You’re not listening
Dianne has literally said exactly that. On video I might add.
https://www.google.com/search?q=vegas+massacre … #TakeLivesMatter
Who ever said we agree is a damn liar Civilians have a right 2 @ least any weapon law enforcement has B/C  people like U cannot be trusted
Let's face it... this is purely an excuse 4 elected civil servants 2 control the masses & attempt 2 completely eradicate 2A.
Nope. You have to admit it's ridiculous for civilians to have the equivalent of machine guns. They exist to solely to kill multitudes.
Do we?
I dont agree with any of that...
I believe that the majority of us feel our interpretation of the second has gotten out of whack and it's time to revise it.  TY for helping
Nope, pretty clear...the right to keep and bear arms...
If it makes them MGs, shouldn't that be enough?
Your over-reaching again we all agree that criminal should have no type of gun leave the citizens out of your Wrath Of Terror r Constitution
Why are you telling people that California doesn't want concealed carry reciprocity? Did you ask even one Californian before you assumed?
Let me get this straight @SenFeinstein You are lumping me (a law abiding gun owner) in with a mass murdering piece of garbage?
She said that she speaks for all Californians when she says that we don't want concealed carry reciprocity. Wtf? She never asked any of us.
Is healthcare covered somewhere in the first 2 amendments because then I would listen to your dribble
Sadly your not content with stopping there.   You want to ban ALL private ownership of ALL firearms
Useless speculation and a desperate attempt to rally your remaining base. Stop the flow of our tax $ to illegals; THAT will benefit CA!
And criminals don't obey laws
so why have any laws at all? Your argument is probably the dumbest of all the pro-gun nonsense out there.
No one uses bump stocks. they cause guns to jam, they are worthless for targets, they have no point.. just let it die.
@SenFeinstein Draft a bill & submit it to the senate. When work on the 225 plus bills from the House is done, they s/b able to this bill.
Who kills more people w/machine guns? The military (controlled by gvmt) or civilians? DoU care about saving lives,or just who gets the guns?
Can we also agree civilians shouldn't have any guns without a legal permit like a driver's license?
Thank you Senator Feinstein for your service & for taking on the NRA. Please Focus on invoking 25th Amendment before he starts WWIII NONUKES
We should agree on everyone having universal health care. You know like the healthcare you have.
Also ban semi automatic weapons. Civilians don’t need those either.
By "we" you mean yourself and the other senator from CA.  Ask Israeli jews if they will give up their machine guns in the war with Islam.
And ban GMOs. They're statistically doing more damage to the planet, and the wars. Such devastation. I hear you're running again.
Obama's administration didn't agree
unfortunately, Senator. people are inventive and will find a way to "alter" a fire arm to give the same results. @SenateGOP @HouseGOP.
@Heritage . this "gun law" that our nation passed. is at risk with individuals that take a tool to commit acts of violence. and, until we ..
establish a "rule" to implicate within that law. that could benefit gun ownership and protect people from harm. we must all contribute an ..
open mind and opinion on the situation and subject. thank you for your time ..
So well put.  Thank you, Senator!
The law that forbids use of Machine Guns no doubt would infer anything that converts a weapon to a machine gun. If not, is s/b easy to write
Meanwhile....gun enthusiasts are stock piling bump fire stocks as we debate the issue.
This old turd needs to retire
Can you please focus on the fires that are devastating NorCal today!
We should also agree that sanctuary cities that harbor illegal criminals should not be allowed
Precisely 
I've heard that this accessory was approved by Obama, if true where were the Dems then?
It was. It's not part of a gun, just an accessory.
Your so deceitful. Obama's ATF signed on this little device. Did you play a role in that?
#RejectTheNRA  please!!!
Do you have any idea why the NRA was started?
How about you are not allowed to speak your mind like the 1A intended. If posting on the internet is free speech, I own any gun I want.
As long as you ban their manufacture.  Otherwise you’re fooling yourself that it’ll work
There are so many out there is wont change a thing
You Might wanna Look into those RW Militia Types the GOP has Incubated over the Years ?
The semi-automatic should be illegal too.
