We need an independent prosecutor to oversee the Russia investigation. I plan to work closely with @SenBlumenthal on this.
Please hurry. Trump is damaging this country
um the FBI consists of other investigators not just Comey, the investigation is still ongoing- although its made up nonsense
This firing is abuse of Power Please work with the @GOP & help them find common ground 2 put 1st over  We are all #ImpeachTrumpnow
Ummm do some research. No it's not. President can dismiss at any time.
what can be done about it? How do we get the truth? I want to know what my elected reps are going to do to stop this.
The Russians hacked our election!! Now Lavrov gets an invite in our WH a day after Comey gets fired? WTF is going on, Senator?! #Trumprussia
And they bring Russia State news TASS with electronic equipment into the Oval Office. All because Putin asked T-Rump to meet with his men.
This is either complicity with Russia by T-Rump or complete incompetence of his part.
If???
Vegas needs to put out an "over/under" date when Trump will be ousted!
I agree.  What will you do to hold Trump accountable?  #trumprussia
Thank you
SENATE HAD NO PROBLEM WHEN COMEY WAS PUBLICLY HEARD AGAINST HILARY CLINTON!!!!
Please please please just shut up. You Dems wanted comey fired 7 months ago. Make up your damn minds. All hypocrites
well, it did happen. what are you gonna do to try to fix it?
Thank you for this @SenFeinstein but please toughen up your rhetoric. Trump and his cronies are destroying our nation!
Nah Obama did that the last 8 years. He's trying to fix his bullshit
Senator u appear 2 b 1 of the strongest advocates 4 our democracy. Please do all u can 2 ensure DT is held accountable. Treason is serious.
Absolutely no doubt Americans lost confidence in fbi. It's all on Comey. He had to go.
Bot. All over, same post.
Stand up and fight Diane!
Can't you do something about it? Obstruction of justice! At least write a Bill
What do democrats plan to do? Republicans seem to have no interest in stopping obstruction of an investigation.
It’s a matter of critical mass…
first they will have to peel off 
high IQ Repubs up for election 
in #2018 then count down to 
#TippingPoint
IF?
Put a cork in it Senator. There is no there there--as you WELL KNOW. Still corrupt after all these years.
Do you mean the uranium deal?  Or Podesta's bro?
Better stick to your gun grab agenda before senility creeps in.
If there was any proof of collusion it would have been leaked long before now. The left has been scrambling for anything since November.
So please DO something about it, Senator Feinstein. Your constituents and the American people demand action on Trump's collusion w/ Russia!
Ha ha ha! You have all gone nuts. The election is over. If by some miracle Trump is removed you are left with Pence which is far right.
Taking money from 2 foreign countries and acting as an agent for Turkey seems like a crime
In fact without filing its s felony
please advise what exactly are you & @SenKamalaHarris doing about this mess? Joke, no one is above the law!!!
There is no if! Ds must speak strongly & harshly against @realDonaldTrump who knows no boundaries attacking all!
Maybe Comey was investigating you and @johndoerr being part of the Amyris and Bloom Energy ecofrauds. @algore @Tesla_X @ChrisCoons
Democrats lost elections please stop  fake news
fake news please stop 
What happened to the 3 separate branches of government? Republicans are just an extention of his stupid right hand! November 2018!
The rumor of Rudy becoming FBI director is the most disturbing thing to come out of Trump since his seeds to produce Lyle and Eric.
IF is a big word? Talk about #fakenews @DNC is primary authors of it. Create baseless conspiracy theories. You disrespect Americans. #shame
There's no "If".
Thank you Senator - but it did happen! what now?
If? C'mon Dianne.
@junren65 he was
Could you refresh my memory as to what I tweeted?
Bring it on, we want a special prosecutor to reopen the investigation on Hillary's involvement with the Russians and OUR uranium!
It is not a question of if, Senator Feinstein.  Did you listen to Sarah Huckabee (known as Soviet Sarah) say the investigation ~ a priority?
"If?"
...Comey getting fired doesn't mean ALL FBI investigations STOP & everyone goes home, geez
Maybe that wasn't the reason. Dems have been totally frustrated with Comey. Why can't we move on & bring integrity back to the FBI?
we can't just sit and watch this, this is not Turkey
The people will back you in huge numbers I predict. Lead this. Make it happen!
Not in a democracy it can't. It's time for Dems and GOP to meet in the aisle to demand the truth.
Why else would @realDonaldTrump fire him? @POTUS is really afraid of what has been discovered about his staff, himself, and Russia 
Sen Fein. When are you & the Libs going to stop speculating about everything Trump & state the Facts.
didnt you want him fired last October?
BE OUTRAGED & ACT ON IT! THIS IS ABOUT OUR DEMOCRACY; ABOUT THE PRESIDENCY BEING DIMINISHED EVERYDAY, WITH THE ACTIONS OF this little man.
Why aren't you answering your phones? Why are they "busy", everytime I call? Your response, first blush, was not of outrage; Why? ACT NOW!
It's not "IF", it is "THAT" he DID fire Dir. Comey to OBSTRUCT JUSTICE, in the case of the Russian investigation! Trump is going #UNCHECKED
Trump Pence Cabinet Reps Putin need just enough time to change things
If? Let's be real-We must have an independent prosecutor. This admin makes its on rules and we the people cannot allow this to happen. TRUTH

Hypocrisy and fake outrage? Dems had been calling for months for the firing of Comey!

How are you going to stop it?
Put a SOCK in it witch!
Why are you still asking "IF?" When will you stop being so polite and stand up to the corruption of constitution!
How 2 go forward if #Republicans continue 2 stifle it & Trump appoints a lackey 2 make it go away. How do we fight back? #CountryOverParty
no one has confidence in your response to this
There is no "if."
I agree. What can we do to help you change the situation?
He was fired because he no longer seems competent in his position and has lost faith of both parties.
You know why he was fired so tell the TRUTH, he was incompetent. Need nonpartisan leader who will investigate ALL and prosecute ALL
Yes, we need #trumprussia solved before ANY thing else. Stop everything until we find out more about #PutinsPuppet.
Really? It did and now all you are doing is flapping gums. This is a COUP. WAKE UP
The Investigation goes on. Cannot wait til it's over but will it ever be over. The investigation will have to be investigated.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=0BS5amEq7Fc … 
But last week u admitted there is no evidence yet we have multiple investigations. How much tax dollars wasted STOP
If?
#impeach
@JoaquinLefebre Sen. Feinstein stay in your bubble; don't come out; not enough oxg for you. You criminal!!!
Susan Rice illegally surveilled President Trump 4 a year, no conspiracy.  Schumer, 1 of 8 who knows everything about US intelligence, nothng
Comey's boss confirmed last week by Senate vote of 94-6.  Now you question his intentions?  Conspiracy theories on steroids.
Unbelievable yesterday you believed Comey destroyed the golden Hillary to loose the election = now your shocked.  Hate drives one to a pit
IF?? Enough with the mamby pamby responses -where is your outrage? We need leaders
What's vexing isn't Trump action
But Millions in US defending it at once
Part civilly now
We might avert Civil War
can a judge reinstate James Comey to @FBI since #trump firing him was a CONFLICT OF INTEREST dueto #trumpRussia investigation
That's more like it, @SenFeinstein. Thank you.
cc: @davidfrum @SenWhitehouse @amyklobuchar @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC @RepAdamSchiff
Yours is a conspiracy theory but what Hillary did is a fact.
A special investigator, a patriotic one, is all that can save us. Senator and congressmen please don't let us down.
He WAS fired to cover up the investigation. Question is, what are you going to do about it? #IndependentInvestigationNow
Thank you Senator .. courage .. honor .. duty
Rosenstein was confirmed 94-6, so no pearl clutching nec.  Hopefully McCabe will be next as @POTUS drains the swamp. Time to retire Di.
# U R DUMB
If...?!
Hope you can do something about this. I'm afraid. Trump needs to go. Thanks for being my senator and fellow San Franciscan!
But it did happen. So what can be done about it?
Looking to you @SenFeinstein to be tenacious in uncovering the truth. Appreciate your patriotism.
Comey was fired. That's it. One guy. Stop pretending that any investigation has somehow ceased because of one guy. Insulting to rest of FBI.
Russia is a nothing burger. And YOU know it.  You are an embarrassment. You don't get to "not allow" anything anymore! @POTUS #DrainTheSwamp
@realDonaldTrump blew Comey a kiss.  Get the perjurer Sessions out of his post.  Who pounced on the Huma email gaff?
What the fuck do you think Mitch McConnell is up to DiFi?  You think he's on the Senate floor to speed up the investigation?
If?
Your pal Schumer wanted Coney fired awhile back and now suddenly changes his tune when it happens.
Well, it did happen. Are you @SenFeinstein up to epic fight including non-violent resistance? It is bad as Civil & Revolutionary War crises.
Time for GOP to man up or be damned by history as traitors
Ok. Got that part. Soooooo what's the plan of action?!?!? @DNC @SenFeinstein what's next?!?
We all agree, now please do something! If D's have no power in Congress what can we do?? #scaredinCA
Not if.
But you don't actually believe this do you Senator? US citizens want to respect our ele officials. You can't keep giving us reas no too!
A special prosecutor? Does that mean that you lost faith in the FBI just because Comey isn't there?
"If"???
Stop the lying click bait to fundraise. .@POTUS called you personally out of respect you DONT deserve. Ur toast election 2018
"IF"???
Wake up Senator!  You are falling asleep in your seat in the Senate Chamber!  TERM LIMITS!!
There's no "if". The reason provided is clearly fake. What do Dems plan to do about it. What should constituents do? Time for civ disob?
IF? Oh please. Qut playing games and call it like it is
And yet @DNC members were advocating military action under HIS leadership.  How irresponsible!  Why?!
With all due respect...shut up
Way to keep the fake narrative going @HugeForeheadFeinstein 
Exactly-- if reason offered is fake (and we know it is cause Trump APPROVED of Comey's 2016 actions) Trump is toast as are R's defending him
analysis is correct but who will prosecute? Captive GOP and corrupt POTUS
Raise the roof in Congress, Sen. Feinstein. Please- save the republic before we've slipped too far. Signed, your constituent from SF
Not Trump, not an AG, Not a congressman or Senator should be allowed to stand in the way of this Russia investigation.
Nothing is. The investigation goes on.
There is no If.  The Russia investigation is the motive for the firing.
Apparently Comey finally was on track to convict the Clinton gang for corruption, fraud and aiding Russia with tons of enriched uranium
May I respectfully suggest that your language reflect the crisis we are in? "If" is not necessary.
Thank you for your work Senator..we appreciate everything you do
If?  You must demand an independent investigation of WH. The time for political games is past. Our constitution is at stake.
Constitution! You do realise this is Feinstein's thread. Wow.
Correct. Please do all you can to ensure an independent investigation.
#IndependentInvestigation
You have got to do better than that.
Agreed!  Can't wait for the flood of leaks forthcoming from Comey FBI loyalists!
Me, too.
If Senator Feinstein made false accusations for political gain that simply can't be allowed to happen. See how corrupt supposition can be?
Special prosecutor needs to happen no matter what. Trump DOJ has zero public trust going forward.
What do you mean if. 
Americans see through BS democrats are spewing. Nobody had confidence in Comey. Stop trying to score points against what is right #Comey
Not true not a matter of confidence. He angered both sides.  Aren't you worried about trumps relationship to Russia and drama? I am
Acknowledged: Sen.Dianne Feinstein of S.F. CALIFORNIA
Yes! Sen. Dianne Feinstein
And it cant happen...arent you a Senator? you should know the director doesnt investigate so all investigations continue
So what can Congress do?  It's not if....
Delusional and misdirection is Feinstein trademark, besides she is uglier than sin
Our democracy is dying right in front of our eyes.  Do something.  I beg you.
Comey for special investigator. Yates for special prosecutor, please.
"If"?
