It is horrific that the Republican Party is bent on stripping Health Care from 30 million Americans. This is no longer the USA. Sickening
And give the power to the states.
It's horrible that the @GOP is bent on leaving 30 million people uninsured. This isn't what the US should be like.
Oh The HUMANITY of it all
Are you saying that its okay that @SenateGOP want to leave millions uninsured with the graham/cassidy bill?
Is it okay that many lost health care under ACA?
Oh yeah, how many? and where the evidence?
Maybe Denise the Bot & her 3 bot friends. #Putinbot 
Then start calling for #MedicareForAll as it's the only solution.
Today, we #SaveTheACA & #SaveMedicaid.  Once this most recent threat to them is ended, we work for #MedicareForAll.
Stop thinking about today and start living for tomorrow. #MedicareForAll
We can and must _both_ #SaveTheACA & #SaveMedicaid _and_ work for #MedicareForAll.
The ACA-reversal Senators Graham & Cassidy are trying to pass would kill _39,000 people per year_ if it were enacted.  We must prevent that.
While over 61% of Americans support #MedicareForAll, it alone can save millions of lives every year and even more in debt.
Again: We can and must _both_ #SaveTheACA & #SaveMedicaid _and_ work for universal healthcare in the USA.
To prevent tens of thousands of deaths between now and whenever #MedicareForAll or another form of universal healthcare can be enacted.
Thank u for fighting. We need universal healthcare for all.
Not!
@SenJohnMcCain has done his part. Now we just need @SenatorCollins and @SenMurkowski to step up and join the ranks of The People's Heroes!
No Senator, time to fix the diasaster called ACA.
who do we call if we are in your district?
Are you anti-Christian or just anti-Catholic?
OH YES WE WANT OBAMACARE TO DESTROY MORE SMALL BIZ AND 4000.00 DEDUCTIBLE WE HAVE THANKS YOU CATHOLIC BIGOT
When will Americans grow a spine and a brain to stop electing these traitors
Reduce cost by tort reform unified billing/services and negotiate drug costs
I'll call when you all live on Obama care without any additional quirks
increase competition /  torte reform
Dens need to gear up for 2018 and 2020 with some young blood. How about Corey Booker or Eric Swalwell? Smart energetic!
Praying hard that this is true
Keep up talk like that, it does't fix anything. That's what you want. Ask Canadians/ Europeans about their wait time for care. They come USA
We are on it! Venice Family Clinic. Thank you for your leadership.
You are my senator
INSTEAD Of another attempt to replace the ACA...REPEAL & REPLACE TRUMP& the REPUBLICANS!

Let the system fall apart.  It will be blamed on Democrats.  After all, Obamacare is your baby!
Dear Dianne, please stop your bipartisan tactics and start working for the people who support you. Replace the ACA and support the president
Lol....get rid of it!
Let them; ACA is an irredeemable waste of taxpayer money that actually has failed to make health insurance affordable. Find another way.
Hmmm. Tell that to the 20M+ who got healthcare for 1st time in their lives. That unaffordability argument's waaaaay overblown.
Great. It still left 27 Million without coverage, and many of those covered can't afford care.
This is exhausting. The relentless push to hurt the American people. Why do we have to fight so hard against our own elected officials?
The system as is has been a mess for most everyone. Our family's premiums and deductibles have skyrocketed. It needs to be reworked.
The ACA has enabled my family to purchase medical insurance for the first time in 15 years. We are in New Jersey. Where are you?
California. And I'm happy for U. Truly. For us,3 kids,it's gotten extremely $. All I'm saying is it's still not right.Hoping 4 improvements
I agree there are problems. I think the exorbitant premiums that insurance companies charge need to be explored and justified for starters.
No Diane. It's time that you yell, scream and learn how to fight for us. Don't put that us. You're our representative ! This is why we lose!
Time to at long last to erase the abomination Obamacare.
Wrong. Wrong. Wrong. Wrong. At least you're consistent
If only there was some vastly popular bill you could support as an alternative, rather than just defend the shredded ACA... #MedicareForAll
ACA and Medicaid _must_ be preserved between now and when #MedicareForAll can be enacted, to save tens of thousands of lives. #SaveTheACA
agreed, repeal is a stupid evil idea. but it's easier to fight it by articulating a goal that people want & understand. cmon @SenFeinstein!
No, it's time for YOU to wake up and realize we always wanted #UniversalHealthcare, not over-priced coverage we can't use. #MedicareForAll
Try again, maybe get it right for us and not for you.
Why do you embrace the liberal views
Republicans do not seem to have an ounce of empathy/compassion in them. They're mercenaries for their deep pocket donors. @GOP @SenateGOP
Gee, when, Senator? Since you're part of the problem as a person who takes money from lobbyists...tell me how your health bill.

WOW. 

Please take 5 minutes & listen to @ElenaHung202 of @LittleLobbyists explain just how dangerous …
Again with these motherfuckers #ACA #Obamacare #Medicaid
Entitlements did not build America and certainly did not make it great.  Self reliance did.  Govt intrusion is the problem
All unfunded govt programs must go.  Dumping ACA is a great start
And stop with the Medicare for All
I'm for repeal. These programs turn into good ole boy clubs where the in crowd gets rich and the money alloted never gets to the people.
I called @marcorubio 
I will call every day.
WHAT IN THE HELL IS THEIR DYSFUNCTION!!! Are these 13 at it again?!
Cotton you're an a-hole. #ACA DACA

Thank you Senator Feinstein for keeping up informed.
**us informed...not --up informed.
All I can say is; "Thank heaven for Diane Feinstein, Nancy Pelosi and Rachel Maddow" 
* No hearings  * GOP trying to dodge FULL CBO score.  * No proper procedures * Remind McCain about his commitment https://goo.gl/XqUKwe 
JUST GOES ON AND ON NEVER ADDRESSES 
THE TRUTH OF TOXIC WASTE OR TERROR  INTENTIONALLY CREATES WE ARE NOT NATIONALIST OR 
AN ALT RT NATION!
<sigh> I thought we'd moved on to not passing tax reform.
Pray God it's true!
@joesixpack2001 to kill and destroy both OBAMACARE and MEDICAID,

Call your members of Congress. Tell them: FIX OBAMACARE!...DO YOUR JOB!
@joesixpack2001 The 16 DEMOCRATS who are supporting BERNIE SANDERS have given  the REPUBLICANS the perfect AMMUNITION to kill
naw, that's convenient and just paranoid.  nothing new about m4a, and the gop cant use that as a excuse.  how could they?  think about it
Maybe you should stop backing #BigPharma and back @BernieSanders #SinglePayer stop toeing the line and stand for something
Do you part #holdthefloor, we'll do our part on the phones and in the Streets
Yes it is Senator Feinstein!!!
Poorest losers in history. Why does the GOP still exist?
Well who's fault is it Feinstein?

#MedicareForAll or lose my vote
The ACA aka Obamacare has granted ILLEGAL drugs to many Americans to keep them sleeping. Enough. Repeal Obamacare.
Repeal Obamacare Now!
Thank you @SenFeinstein
Absolutely not!
SINGEL PAYER NOW???! SB562???
They are positively gleeful about taking ACA away and causing great harm to the most vulnerable of our people. So ashamed of them
They are doing this, two of your colleagues. What kind of ppl wld do these types of horrendous things, especially to elderly & poor?
Time for you to resign. You are starting to sound as crazy as Nancy Pelosi and Maxine Waters.
Until we vote them out of office, Americans must remain vigilant! They'll keep trying to take away health coverage & cut taxes for the rich!
Look u guys need to look across the aisle and arrest some of these ppl. We can't keep this up
Yes ma'am! Already on the schedule for Monday morning!!
Then save Medicaid by adding an amendment to Bernie's #MedicareforAll bill. It's the smart play!
make sure get 60 votes to repeal like used to be is what need back in Senate
Not a fan of ACA many patients died and quality of care decreased! 30 years Healthcare Management.
Numbers?!?
Who ?  I live in SD ...
The GOP is like a pack of zombies that just won't die.
When you have a base that is strung out on meth, Oxycodone and Natty Ice, what do you expect?
Why can't the @GOP just improve it?! So much ego & pride getting in the way to get anything done w/ our government.  Wasting time & 
Rasputin had less attempts than #Trumpcare #Deathcare
It can't be repealed and Medicaid should not be gutted!
THIS is what you get for "negotiating" with the White House monster. @StillDumbocrats.
What can California residents do, since both of our Senators are bright female Democrats, and don't need pushing.
Trust me, you're safe. Republicans are political eunuchs. They cannot make anything occur.
Geez. Kill us already. Rob us blind. Strip us bare. Nuke us. Just get this shit over with already.
They need a win real bad don't they?
Done! Just off phone with Portman, Capito, Collins and Murkowski. Our VA senators are solid no already. #RightToHealthCare

Good, go GOP!  I hope that you and Sen Durbin think twice re  questioning of Catholic judicial nominee. She seems like a great nominee.
So tempting to say go ahead and watch it burn, but I'm not an asshole so....
Make calls to repeal and replace
Stop their CLANDESTINE voting tactics and leave our ACA alone!
Thank you! Saw this last night. It's ALL HANDS ON DECK. AGAIN. Oh, and f$&k Lindsay Graham and his partner from Louisiana.
We need Medicare for All! I'm exhausted since Trump took office but, I won't give up! I'm making calls now...thanks Sen. Feinstein!
Senator Feinstein WHY arent YOU endorsing Bernie Sanders" MedicareForAll Bill? 
Republicans aren't the only ones screwing around with HC 
Americans want Medicaid for all
Ha...its tanking..sounds like something the "progressives" would be 4..a failed bit policy..loses billions an something that no1 wants
I did. I said, go for it.
The Koch Mercer DeVos cabal runs amok
202-224-3121. Call now... your life depends on it! Thank you Sen. Feinstein!
Maybe deport the illegals who have hurt our health care ...
As my senator, thank you for supporting ACA and ADA and not making me waste my time or that of your staffers with endless calls. Yet again.
https://twitter.com/topherspiro/status/909082137311285248 …
Why couldn't they understand once its dead, its dead? (the republicans btw)
Socialist !!!
Yes! And let's unite behind Single Payer for all.
Unite!
Building bridges.
Reconciling.
Rapprochement.
Working together with @SenSanders
It seems very much like @GOP is trying to burn down the house before they get indicted en masse.
I'm so over these heartless f#€ks and their brainwashed idiot minions. When can we care about each other as humans?
Again, they try to push this through before recess. Cannot let this happen. Why r they so hell bent on hurting all American people? Gutless
Time to [change our leadership!] Fixed that for you.
#DefeatDeathCare
In response are you supporting #MedicareForAll
Maybe you Dems can work harder on this instead of worrying about your careers. Starting to look Fucking Lazy.
You had to like your own response, because no one else will.  Now that is lazy.
You are a bot old man.
Why don't you @SenFeinstein back #MedicareForAll? And give the people what they really want!
#EnoughIsEnough  
#Don'tBeASellOut
I'm 68years old tell those Republicans not to screw with my medical or lose their jobs in 2018 for gross neglegence acting like idiots!
Sign @SenSanders #MedicareForAll  Bill and be done with it
Yea, tell them to keep raising taxes on the middle class to pay for all the democrat programs that don't work.
Use #resistbot to find, format & fax your Congressmembers. Text 'resist' to 50409. Super easy & fast & you get a copy to print & mail.
Why do u lie so much 2 voters,if u read that in there u need 2 get  accurate copy,this is FALSE,FEAR MONGERING SCARE TACTICS LADY & U NO IT
Time to take to the street leadership. You guys need to get out of the offices and get the work done leading.
Yes phone calls, you know what else works? Voting out the people that create such legislation 

Carry on
Or. Maybe Congress just do your jobs and impeach the asshole in chief and his merry band of criminals.
They just never stop.
Is vote to repeal the ACA the only thing they know how to do?
Time is of the essence...all those teapublicans know they are about to be removed from office. They need to successfully destroy some lives.
Take an approach they'll understand. A bill that states politicians will be subject to the exact same health care cov. as other Americans
No exceptions, no exclusions.
If we're not covered for pre-existing, then neither are they.
They're like the predator in Halloween or other horror films that never seems to die but just keeps coming back again and again.
#maga get rid of entitlements
Can we call for your removal, @SenFeinstein ?

You're way past your expiration date. Nothing useful from you in decades.
I seriously doubt she's going to listen to someone that hides behind a fake twitter account. #lame
Never thought she was listening to you.
Sorry to burst your bubble but I don't have to hide behind a fake account. I'm proud to be part of the resistance unlike you who is...
ashamed of what you believe because you know you're wrong in your beliefs. It's like the KKK hiding behind a sheet.
Why would I be ashamed; I'm not a progressive?
Then cancel your fake account & speak proudly from your real account.
Nothing to cancel. Already speaking proudly.
I bet fuckers will vote in 2018 and 2020 now won't they !!!
They R not saving the AHC Act.  They R switching U 2 Single Payer HC.  Gov paid & controlled, just like VA Admin.  Pres Had 2 rescue vets!
So sad I have to wake up every morning in fear of what the #GOP did to me overnight in a backroom somewhere in DC.
Dianne knows, there is no AHC ,  It was DOA.  Can't exist unless taxpayers pay insurers twice.  Pres Trump resisting Corp welfare on taxpyer
If it's so great Feinstein, why aren't you on the Affordable Care Act? Working man's tired of paying for everyone's care.

Is this all the Senate can do? If that's all I did I would have been fired!
For Medicare For All.
Keep your out of control cost and deductible, great advice Dianne, u on drugs
Please retire!
@LuxeChronicles Tell Chuck to call the Idiot in the White House.
arrange meeting with @realDonaldTrump, flatter him, he'll call you dianne and will swap his "position" for some magic beans and a "win"
Right again Dianne.  Call all involved for its demise and insist on the repeal of Obama Care, aka ACA.
At this rate they are calling all non-drone voters to the 2018 voting booths. Unless Team Trump (Russia) purges voters again.
These GOP Bozos should just give it a rest. Keep it going people until we can vote these clowns out. Go #BlueGOPScrewYou
Remember Tax Cuts ( not reform) & Repeal/Replace the ACA are needed together to give the 1% a 3.14T tax cut both together will decimate Amer
Maybe we need permanent encampment at the WH?
It's time for our tax dollars to stop going towards killing and start going towards healing. Please cosponsor senator Sanders #Medicare4All
I hope they get rid of the unaffordable care act
Democrats need to stand for #MedicareForAll
http://www.ibtimes.com/political-capital/sanders-prepared-medicare-bill-health-care-lobbyists-bankrolled-senate-democrats?amp=1 …
#MedicareForAll
"Whatever is begun in anger ends in shame." -Benjamin Franklin
Time for you to support @SenSanders #MedicareForAll
Oh for goodness sake, enough is enough!!  When are they going to get over this??!!
Don't be quiet. People are fighting for themselves & their children's lives...
Wow!
To the phones


Without mandate support over time it'll get expensive/cancel itself out.I dont believe in profit over ppl but ucan bet insurance company do.
WHAT HAPPENED TO @SenJohnMcCain AND GOING BACK TO "REGULAR ORDER"?  Hearings?
It's time to retire. We need real progressives working for California and the American People. I will never forgive your Trump comments.
That trump is a White Supremacist?
No that Trump could be a great President.
I never said anything of the sort, who are you speaking to?
I replied to Feinstein. It was your retweet so you were tagged
Not mine
They just won't quit!
Soooo, I'd be calling you Senator.
Why???????

Please help I'm a Californian on Medi Cal
Let them do it. Maybe the way to turn things around is to just let them have everything they want. Once pain is felt, maybe Dems prevail.
Please support single payer!
It's getting exhausting justifying wanting to live to the GOP.
This can not be allowed to happen.
@LindseyGrahamSC introduced his new new "kill the poor" #Trumpcare bill. They seem to be hell bent on causing maximum carnage in America.
why don't they respect health?
africans don't respect health, but they're great overpopulators
@SenFeinstein likes it this way: a half-measure healthcare reform bill that will forever teeter on the edge of repeal. #MedicareForAll
#MedicareForAll 

Join Us?
Tired. Worn down.
Time to make calls for #singlepayer
vote it in....
Yeah, because you're someone we can trust.
Are you going to send out your #AntifaBrownShirts to get your point across?
Why is it that the @GOP cares less about people? Does the bible really teach such hate? I thought Jesus was all about loving/helping people?
You want us to call you and Kampala- anyone else.
We've BEEN calling you, on multiple issues, but you frequently go against us anyway, like single payer and social security.
Support #MedicareForAll @SenFeinstein . 
Good grief...why won't this issue die? It's like the White Walkers!!!
They will continue to try.  No doubt,  severe changes need to be made,  but what the republicans serve up is just gross.
I thought you said such glowing hopeful descriptions of the WH potential.  My bad.
This is my daughter she has Crohn's Disease. She is recovering from a bowel resection. Healthcare is life or death!  #SavetheACA
Crohn's is no joke. Without out my employers insurance I'd have had well over 120k in medical debts after my resection. Or I'd be dead now.
Yes. Please stop screwing around with Bernie and his medicare dreams. That can wait - save the ACA now!
South Dakota's three lawmakers do NOTHING but follow GOP nonsense. Who else can we call to fight for the ACA?
And before anyone goes "You don't know!" - I DO! I work in healthcare everyday and I SEE IT!  Repeal it and replace it!
