Mom says come upstairs for dinner @liberal_destoy
@liberal_destroy I love it when you talk dirty to me like that.
It is also a good day to have @POTUS #EnforceRussianSanctions 
Or #Resign or #ImpeachTrumpNow
Thank you for always being an advocate!
To be clear, she hasn’t always been an advocate. She has generally been at least a decade or two behind her hometown on LGBT rights.
I am a hard v ore conservative but I join Bernie sanders fans in bouncing feinstein next election. She is way to old
That’s your right but she’ll win with amazing support. I’ll take her experience any day! She knows how to get things done and is a centrist.
Honestly she has been in office at least 30 years and I can't think of much she has accomplished.  Yes she probably is more centric then some.
Pay your taxes Feinstein. The budget tax bill is highway robbery!
Oh good God quit pandering and do your job.  And if you are paying someone to post this crap I want my tax dollars back.
Diane only you would have such a disgusting day!
San Francisco still misses you...
Please take her back. See if she lets ANY of you into her gated community with a fence a guard with s gun and signs that says private NO Tre
Trump banning trans from the military is not love and acceptance.
Sen. Feinstein Good Luck with winning your seat again, so glad you’re staying in!
Cater to the 3%.... that'll get ya far.
Yeah... catering to the 16% Protestants is better.  Pfft
Your both fools. Why are you influencing our younger generation to do what is perverted. Why don’t you promote natural gender. This is bad.
Learn how to spell.
Retire!!! Why haven't u groomed a successor?
With a fascist in the WH it's hard to not be afraid about everything @SenFeinstein . Tx for trying though. Wish u best on your campaign
Old bag got no best way past having any credibility
You are trying to discredit someone with that grammar? Bless your heart.
Today, Whitehouse speaks of WELFARE to WORK, DEPENDENCE to INDEPENDENCE, POVERTY TO PROSPERITY, while Feinstein panders Gays. The contrast
It isn't about pandering to Gays. It is about individual rights and freedoms. Shameful Trump and cowardly Repubs who are supporting him.
Be afraid and get out and vote in 2018. Take congress away from the Republicans who, under Trump, have set you and women back decades.
Tell that to trump. Stop alienating LGBT's
Retire!  Self serving Democrats. Include Warren as well.
Don't tell me what to do.
Gays are Gay because their DNA is broken.  We don’t need broken people in our country.
I came out 17 years ago so today will be National Kiss My Wife More Day :-)
And I'm getting married to my partner on Saturday. In a church. #lovealwayswins
Congratulations!!
Thank you @SenFeinstein yet given the current climate of this White House Administration, it seems safer for the LGBT to stay in the closet.
Ok with me
Until THEY come for you . . . 
#Resist #LGBT
Pandering much?   Too bad you don't express the same tolerance for religious people.
Which religion?
Preach it @haleakela19
Stay in California with the fruits and flakes
My name is Pam
My email is pono800@0utlook.com
Hello senator I love your uplift if I can ask can you send me your feelings about the DOL issue
Ironically, today is also National Pander to Future Voters Day!
Stop worrying about social crap and start worrying about taxes, infrastructure (your dams are failing), national debt, mass immigration!!!
Well come out then ! Oh, the fires still burn. Mega pollution. Still waiting on some legislation concerning these fires.
The God I serve promises to make you a NEW CREATION after himself...choose Christ, aka-LIFE
Who is we? You can't even say "I support..." coward
When are you gonna come out of the senate and help #MAGA
That’s the problem, by coming out they are not being true to themselves. They are sick.
We now have 8 transgender candidates running for US Congress, the most ever.  #VoteJennaMarie
Always proud to support you!
THANK YOU! Yes this for the LGBTQ of the future! AND THEIR WILL BE BRIGHT AND STRONG. WON’T FALL BACK
The " TRUMP ARMY " ,,, Has "RISEN'' ,,,  Keep Watching the Dems Squirm !!   lol  
Di, been a fan of yours for decades! You have been a true leader in the fight for LGBT rights! You've earned your angel wings 1000 times! 
Well said Dianne!!
Thank you Sen Feinstein for those encouraging words. Who knows you could have just made someone’s life much easier.
If you ever decide what gender youare are wanna be
You know what I'd like to see come out? The transcripts for Fusion GPS testimony! #GlennSimpson #SteeleDossier
We love you DiFi. I loved working with you on SF Chamber policies & vision for sm biz & yr 2000 & beyond
Thank you, Diane for your continued service to our country.
this is the mosy sensible thing u ever havw said
Biblical ignorance is inexcusable in the US. Hedonistic choices will NEVER be allowed to turn America into a ROGUE nation. Gen. 18:20-19:29.

Great message. No morals. Good job senator.
LGBTQ adults, too!
But you can't have higher wages even though 1 in 5 of you live on less than $10,000/yr...

Because my donors say you can't have a raise
Diane is always willing to talk about supporting #LGBTQ but her voting record.... lets just say she's "evolved" when ever she needs votes.
In the case of T which self?
That closet was sure big.
That’s right. We love you. We support you, and we’ll fight for you!
*Cheers!* WE ALL LOVE YOU! 
And I’m sure you love all the LQBTQ folks who are not in their youth.
Or in her neighborhood
Feinstein you forgot to remind them to vote for you
#NationalComingOutDay
You go girl
