Medicare for all. That's the Most sensible approach to Fix many issues & debates about the ACA. Lives for profit should not be a debate.
Sensible but not realistic. Who pays for it?  What does it cover?  And who provides the care (already shortages of providers)?
GOP have set up failure.  Fact we have to Stop Repeal before fixes are possible. Seniors get a choice of open or closed casket with GOP
I think @gop would argue to "keep govt out of our funerals" and take away that casket decision too.
The funeral is for poor Americans.  The Graham/Cassidy Bill will take away coverage from 32 million people.  No preexisting protections
Is that a Calculation on your understanding of the Issue? Or, a CBO SCORE? Every Senator Must Demand A No Vote With No CBO SCORE. @SenWarren
There will be no CBO score but other groups such as Kaiser say 32 Million lose care.  Medicaid money given to state who do what ever.
#Indivisible #Resist #ImproveTheACA @GorgeCarpent11 @SocialPowerOne1 @SenWarren @GSULibraryDean @MayorOfTopanga @OFA_AR
...and hopefully it will get repealed. It is affordable for those who don't pay, but not to us working people...
Scotty, it's only unaffordable to you because your republican pols have made it so. But here, do yourself a favor, spread this around!
All this is was a huge welfare program on the backs of us who actually work that's why people like u want to keep it it's free for you
We all work, we all do our part. If you get employer's insurance the only reason your prices are up is because of republican obstruction.
The basis for the insurance companies being unregulated is because of the "small government" crap they sold you. Direct result, high rates.
Dianne added a new lawn ornament soon it will be real catholics
The Government is so terrible
You should be ashamed of not doing the job you were supposed to do. You have Christians and yet approve this healthcare? Shame on you
that disrespect should be called out
How many have u disrespected,look in the mirror
I believe it's distespectful to abuse & threaten the infirm.

Don't do it!  REPEAL AND REPLACE!
3-0 Obamacare.
37 year resident of SF. Wrkng 2 b off disability, but I cannot move forward with uncertainty in health care.
Lose some of your focus on hostility and discrimination against Catholics.  Your agenda is questionable, Senator.
ACA must be defended, but voters know it is problematic. #MedicareForAll is popular. Fight for working Americans & back it.
REPEAL AND REPLACE!
You're delusional.  No Obamacare.  REOEAL AND REPLACE.  QUIT OBSTRUCTING.  2018 AND 2020.  ADIOS OBSTRUCTIONISTS.
You madam are a Catholic hating Bigot!   How's that for free Speech?

Are you going to help them save our healthcare system, or remain an obstructionist?
SINGEL PAYER NOW???! SB562???
Do your job and stop blaming the Repubs.Get off your A and DO SOMTHING
Supply list of Americans who you deem undeserving of healthcare with any plan other than Medicare for ALL!
Long list
If you want to keep your job, you will back Medicare for All......
It's also your job,what kind of garbage is this They have ? Get real or get out!!!
The Republicans are so incompetent, I would be interested to see what they are able to do. Never underestimate, but if history is a guide...
And you are delusional.
You're absolutely correct.  Let's work together and repeal Obama Care.  Get ACA out of the lives of Americans.
doesn't help NV when Heller sponsors that sadistic hate what a clown everyone here will vote against him
God help you because there is no focus with this abberation.  He is putting us all in extreme danger .
Ok Hillary 2 what an actress she is, u I don't know

Nice hat
Anything for you Ms Feinstein. You should have headed our 2016 ticket.
Sink it along with all of obamas bad ideas
Republicans don't give a damn about the people. Theyare so full of hell, determined to repeal Obamacare with some BS right in your face!
They had over eight years and they keep trying to push through what we the people obviously do not want.
Fighting this shit is like a full time job. I really hate the people that voted for Trump & co
Hate on hate on
Don't let this happen ,please.
Dogma
VOTE HER OUT
So do Democrats.
Flaming incontinence pads... nice visual. 
FIX OBAMACARE!
BS...BS...BS.......................BS
You can help by voting to repeal.

Trump’s latest Dept. Of Justice nominee was at key meeting with Comey and Sessions http://bit.ly/2w07zve  
They need to get busy and bury that piece of garbage once and for all.
They promised.
The Dems had 7 years to fix or replace Obamacare but did not.  Now, it's the Republicans turn.
They had their turn too. SCOTUS and Justice Roberts upheld it and @gop failed to repeal it. Now be grown ups come together and #FixACA
The Republicans still have 3 1/2 years left to fix or replace it.  The Dems had 7 years and did nothing. You and Sen Feinstein be patient.
My patients are left in limbo on if they can afford health ins next year. Do I say wait to have your baby until 2020? #fixaca
No, but you can ask your Congress rep to work with the Repubs to fix it.  Instead, Dems are pushing for "Medicare for all". Won't happen.
This sentiment I agree with COMPLETELY. #RepealAndReplace & #MedicareforAll are equally wrong right now. Please #FixACA
Orthodox Catholics we want you to apologize for your ANTI Catholic Bigotry you proudly wield...
Frankenstein is a bigot of the worse kind!
Repeal and replace
Nooooo....we don't want a Heritage Foundation right-wing policy. Get behind #Medicare4All or get primaried.
Fuck  that. Defend the aca. What the hell is wrong with you?
U can see why is't dificult to appease everybody,we should go after http://Ins.Co .'s for their FKN Greed!
calling everyday .... ready to vote them out... paying my kids for their votes... LOL ...
Obama care destruction continues
REPEAL!! This was a piece of garbage from the beginning and you ALL knew it and voted for it anyway. Losers!
Agreed.  Don't lose focus @GOP  - #FullRepeal!
Well. Many of us lost our old plans-dr with Obamacare - what is the difference? We never got $2,500 in savings u @NancyPelosi promised-
So true. #fixaca Don't give up on it for the pipe dream of #Medicare4All
Senate procedures provide multiple opportunities to slow things to a crawl - please use all of them!!
That's right, do anything to keep America from making progress. Brilliant!!!
Let's hope they do it this time.
3 strikes they're out
dont let this sore losers on base- as my states senator i know youll fight for us
How about we invoke the 25th amendment? Can't play well with people who runs with scissors
Very interesting, but stupid. ~ Arte Johnson
Perhaps - but your tweet matches 45s often- stupid Tweets.  Think beyond yourself and party affiliation.
 Nero fiddled while Rome burned.  It has nothing to do with party affiliation, it has to do with an unstable president. 
Bye Felicia
Typical leftist response - name calling!  Perf Ct when you have no answer except parroting what you have heard/read.  Bye!
@SenateGOP @SenateDems Don't throw the baby out with the bath water, fix ACA! Enough damage has been done to us by this administration!
Wake up Congress. Patients are suffering NOW, we need to make treatment decisions and destabilizing markets is ALREADY HURTING 1000s #fixaca
Your loosing Dianne! Remember that every time you open your mouth.Thank Hillary for destroying your party.of course their's J.B too
Yeah, Dianne!  No more loosing! Do not loose, foot or otherwise.
(He told her "your loosing" like "her WHAT is loosing?" Botched it with the first 2 words! "
Save it and fix it. Then move on to Medicare for all.
You're dispictable look it up. Describes who you are to the tee.
. It will happen. Focus on something else Sen Feinstein. @LindseyGrahamSC @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @POTUS
Why don't you sign @SenSanders #MedicareForAll Bill like @SenKamalaHarris did? Represent CA not Insurance Companies #PeopleB4Profits
