Maybe you all could watch Seinfeld
Because she said she was going to vote it down without reading it. Who's wasting who's time?
That's the same thing Republicans were thinking when you pushed the ACA through.
Hey Dianne----I did the right thing!.........McCain's Tumor.
Di, it's 8:19! You're from Cali, all good. #MAGA
...you get that she has to vote in DC, right? 
It's really important to me that you, as a voter, understand at least THAT.
Says the senator who probably never read the original ACA before she voted for it...
This is an outrage. Are we turning the face on a communist conversion? How can we help?
Why do senators put up with this? McConnell is circumventing the democratic process, and you all are just letting it happen.
Because the only ethical people in the room are the Democrats--and we're the minority party, due to Putin's election hacking.
Ethical?
Proud of your perseverance in your stand against this outrage that Trump has tried to force on us.
Hang in there, Senator--I respect you so much.
Not normal at all
Sounds like a prudent way 2 set policy affecting US citizens health
Thats just damn cruel.
They don't want you to see it b/c you won't like what's in it & might vote against it.
That's nothing, in the UK the HoC voted on the Brexit white paper without it being published
Why are you complaining about the late hour 10 pm ?  We know you're not missing any "beauty" sleep. 
I saw you hug McCain last night. That's when I began to breathe again.
Time to order Pizza?
Hopefully he will get primaried. We will remember what he has tried to do to the American People.
They haven't either. Only voting on skinny. They still haven't read skinny Bill. Come on they don't like to read!
How could any Senator vote yes on a bill they've had no time to review?  This is madness.  Thank you and other Senators who voted no.
I'm so scared.  How can the president and gop have no regard for American people?
Let's hope there is someone up there with Morals and Compassion to do the Right Thing!!
@SpeakerRyan Where's that Bill?
You won't  until one second before the vote begins.  What the GOP is doing  is legislative malpractice.  It is cruel.
So you for got that Pelosi said we need to pass ACA so we can learn what was passed.
Not forgetting. She meant GOP had lied about bill so much that passing it was necessary for voters to learn the truth of how it worked.
Well we will now see how the democrats fix their ACA.
The Republicans are running the U.S. Senate like a circus. Your patience must be taxed, Senator Feinstein. Stay strong and resolved!
If the GOP were serious about HC for their constituents, like McConnell claims, then They wouldn't have these clandesent meetings.
@SenJohnMcCain Where's the Bill kid?!
@SenKamalaHarris  Thank you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
As Pelosi said, "you have to pass it before you can read it! How stupid are you that you forgot, maybe dementia!@!
McConnell won't even reveal the bill unless he thinks it can pass.  Americans HATE this bill.
Thank you for your vote senator
I've called Cruz. Cornyn? Same old thing: the mailbox is full. He doesn't care. Frustrated that Cruz acts like he listens but turns deaf ear
The more I think about it, the madder I get! They claim to be Christians, but they steal from poor, don't care for sick, pillage the Earth!
Hang in there!
Sound familiar???
Senator thank you for all of your hard work on our behalf. You are appreciated standing up for our health rights
dysfunctional behavior!!!! Horrible!
So very disappointed that a sloppy, incomplete bill is being pushed. Ruinous to health care AND to the dignity of Senate. Stay strong.
Our Government is falling apart!
Empty as his head.
Go on to bed Granny; They don't need you are any of you baby killers!
Youre voting no so why opine about not having it. #disingenuious
How many votes have Democrats voted for Healthcare bills...

0
They want the democrats to go to bed so they can pass it
Shame on the Republicans for their poor behavior but I am proud to be a Democrat and even proud to have Senators like you working for us.
Go home, get some sleep..but please don't vote yes
Never thought I'd see the day Senators of the United States bowed down to tea party representatives run by Kochroaches to destroy America.
And you won't either!
Ya done playing nice?
Shameful!
Obamacare was passed in the dead of night by all Dems w/ Dem Senators exempting themselves from bill
So what are you going to do about it?
We can only pray now that time will let justice have a say in the end!
Change the name t rumpcare now if it passes
Its t rumpcare if it passes its all on trump from this day forward.shame on R .spread word its t rumpcare now
That’s because they weren’t don’t writing it yet. 

Only had 7 years.
Profiles in Cowardice will be their lasting legacy of @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC @SenateGOP when they c/h just fixed ACA
Time for McConnell to go. He IS an obstruction. Aim is not a health care it is destruction of anything Obama accomplished. He is a bigot.
It's the Republican way. New rules, new normal. God help us.
Don't let it happen, Senator. We're terrified. Thank heavens we have strong women out there: you, Murkowski, Collins, Duckworth, Gillibrand
As a country, We have literally jumped the shark. What is happening? This is about Americans not politics.
Little Miss Bridge to Nowhere   I am appalled at the behavior of the liberals and @DNC
Anyone who will vote for ANYTHING under those conditions is as crooked as trump and his family.
OMG YOU MEAN LIKE YOUR FRIEND @NancyPelosi SAID YOU CAN READ IT WHEN IT PASSES SUCH HYPOCRITES
You better let the world know this!
Ohhhh.....kind of like the you must pass it to read it bill
YOU WILL HAVE HELP IN 2018 AND 2020! WE WILL VOTE ALL THESE EVIL, DESPICABLE SUBHUMANS OUT OF OFFICE!
That's just insane. Stay the course though... we need you!
Can't Dems organize some kind of strike?
Disgraceful ... should be illegal to do this!
Maybe The Mooch will come over a help you make up your mind!
Sounds familiar!
This bill feels like it's being written by chickens with their heads cut off. I feel for the non-chicken senators.
Hmmm what's the holdup?
See twitter of @sarahkliff She tweeted a link to it. This process is ridiculous.
WTF WTF WTF WTF WTF WTF WTF WTF WTF WTF WTF WTF WTF WTF WTF WTF WTF WTF WTF WTF WTF WTF WTF WTF WTF WTF WTF WTF WTF WTF WTF WTF WTF WTF WTF
can you all just get up & leave? seems like this should have a 1 weak at least to read through.
Stay strong. We need you more than ever. 
Then you shouldn't consider voting any of you Americans elected you do something pathetic
Trump has made the America none of us signed up for. This's the basics of democracy not, I hate that black president. Erase history of him!
Please don't let it pass if u can. I know ur 1 person but we r counting on u! Thank you
Senator if they take this to vote can u delay vote? Perhaps each one of you reads trump's worst tweets before u vote. That'll take a while.
Well, you didn't see the ACA until after you voted on it, so this is progress.
Thanks to you and your staff for working late and being there. This is a nail biter, and we need every vote to count.
This is the most ridiculous thing I have ever seen. The Republicans are insane
Has anyone tried putting our government in rice to fix it?
Hang in there for us
Democrats should leave the floor + demand for every bill to be send to them 24hrs before voting.
#FakePresident wants to wear them down.
Trying to be civilized to savage crooks is both futile and dangerous.
That's crazy
You are a warrior! Do not put up with this crap!
¯\_(ツ)_/¯ The correct answer we all know is HELL F*CKING NO!!!!!
Keep fighting! Thank you!
They're treating you like CHILDREN!
Don't whine Feinstein do something
Why would a leader of our nation even consider voting on something they haven't seen or discussed stop stop
Start asking yourselves now, what was it Trump and McConnell wanted so bad they sold the US and its people for?
Then why on gods green earth would you even consider voting on anything think of the American public crossroads now stop stop
Hang in there, Senator Feinstein. We are counting on you!
that's because they are waiting til the last 5 minutes so u cant read & discuss it before voting because its a bad bill. VOTE ON IT
Maybe they're hoping that people will go home especially those who would vote it down.
@shannonrwatts Hang in there Senator Feinstein!  My prayers are with you and those fighting to the finish to stop health bill
Is it past your bedtime?
You have to pass the bill to see what's in it. C'mon you know that's how Democrats liked to play.
Lindsay Graham and John McCain on CNN - Graham says Healthcare bill a fraud. They say that then they vote for it. What is wrong with them?
THIS IS BS
Senator, do you know if they have the votes to take our healthcare away?
@SenWarren periscoped that in hallways they hate it, awful, but will vote to pass it & house promises not too.... MY ASS
Senator, what can we do? I'm in California...I can't go to the Capitol. What can I do to help?



Stay strong and thank you, @SenFeinstein
How strange that reporters have it. Who are you trying to fool?
Thank you for being there, Senator. We appreciate your effort and your courage
They're still writing it
I'm assuming the Senate has hired speed readers for the overnight assignment. Unless #GOPHealthcare is delivered orally?
Oh dear god save us. This is shameful.
Like it matters. From everything the GOP has said for 7 years, it'll be crap. They don't (want to) see the whole picture, just sloganeering.
How is this America ??
Unbelievable
Truly unbelievable I bet you haven't ever seen anything like this
Please pass along my sentiment "you're out of order  you're out of order. The whole congress is out of order"
Actually we have. I've seen and read it on several websites.

Plus it doesn't matter for her to see it, she will vote 'Nay' no matter what
The GOP is a terrorist group threatening the well being of American citizens #StopTheGOP
Because like Lindsy Grhram said, it's FREUD
The Senate should recess right now, visit with Protesters st the Capital who are already showing up, and talk with them.
How can this be legal?
Thank you for representing us, Dianne!
Ridiculous!
Please step up and do something to stop trump. You must be bold. We cannot allow him to Amass more power
Why? Did they not have this thing already written out to hand out?  Are they scrambling to scribble it down now?
I'm so glad I live in California.
Incredible incompetence by the Republican leadership. Help is coming in 2018 !
Is there anyone we can try to sway?
This is the "new democracy" founded by Leader Trump of the Fascist Orange Hair Party...
Vote No, not yes with promised Ryan will never keep. 
Do what is best for 16 million Americans. Vote NO.


Trump WH is on 60 day notice!!!  Clean it up or ship out. The whole fricking crew. The entire WH.
Hope you read fast! You will have earned your upcoming recess!
Why can't you protest enough to get ahold of it! Or postpone it till you can read it. Absurd. I feel like I'm in a Beckett play right now
Didn't you hear? There's no protocol anymore. Block it. No vote.
Have a glass of warm milk and some Pepperidge Farm cookies then go to sleep.
Remember what we talked about don't  worry just sign this blank contract
This is sickening. Absurd. Uncalled for. Unprecedented. Inconceivable ...and several other incredulous words that arent in a dictionary 
Then vote no. Nobrainer.
you have to pass it to know whats in it!  
just go home no one will miss you belive me!!!
please fight this latest GOP sham and prevent it from passing!
THIS will be the GOP legacy How they held a gun to millions of people's heads They are frothing at the mouth to kill We will never forget
They are trash
Resist
I called and left you a message because I support everything you're doing to stop the Republican healthcare bill from passing
Fight, fight, fight!!! Thank you Senator Feinstein America appreciates your service
Is this real life? Honestly, I'm scared 
We WILL #Vote2018
They waiting for you all to be weak & delusional like @GOP is! stay strong WE are with you! @OccupyDemocrats @TheDemCoalition @KamalaHarris
Their game of shuck and jive is hurting the democratic process.
"We have to pass it before we can read it" -@NancyPelosi
Then vote 'nay'
Vote the GOP out. They hate America and Americans!
How can anyone vote on something they haven't read!
Thank you Senators Feinstein and Harris for caring about the health of your fellow Californians. #healthcareforall #impeach45 #resist
Exhausting
Way to hang in there for the people.
Supposedly this has been Republican's baby for past 7 years. What's the plan? Where is it? Bunch of hogwash!
Stay strong, Dianne!  Don't let them get away with these shenanigans.  Keep an eye on Grassley, too.
The #GOP hasn't either. #Graham said it's fraud, but he'll vote yes on it if #PaulRyan promises they'll change it before voting it thru. BS
Unbelievable ! Someone suggest Universal Healthcare like Norway, Denmark & rest of the world ? How can we be the last to figure this out ?

Are you surprised? I am not. Stay strong 
"it's 10:33, do you know where your bill is?"
We APPRECIATE all your hard work Ms. Feinstein. Thank you Ma'am. Please continue.
7:30 hear sunny socal...still light out, keep at 'em ma'm, keep at 'em
There is no bill! You are being held hostage! Don't trust the #conservaturds VOTE NO! #GOPneverwantedHealthcare #GOPwantsMEDICAREdead
You have to PASS the bill before you can find out what's in it, dummy
Love the liberal sheep responses...   You act like Harry Reid was a Saint when Dems controlled the Senate.
More coffee.
Appalling
