proud of your no vote?   You lost, get over it. Tim Scott is paying the price for your obstructionism.  So disgusting.
how is tim scott paying a price for her lol
because all of her lemming followers and others are playing the hateful race card against him.
I have a hard time believing you are a real person, if so, I suggest reading a history book (at least wikipedia)
wow, bomb thrower.  Garland had no chance and you know it.  Typical Dem resorting to name calling.
thanks, so whos the new AG? Oh, Sessions is? OK. Good job, now what are you gonna waste time and money on?
projection?! Wasting time and money. Benghazi hearings, 60 attempts to repeal OCA, invest. 3 mil.Illegal votes?
1 at a time. 4 Americans were killed at Benghazi and Obama admin and Clinton lied about it. Please investigate.
Already been investigated with multiple hearings from ethics com. Produced nothing costing taxpayers millions.
do you think the DOJ and others block and delayed this investigation?   Maybe raising cost and length?
I'm talking about countless hearings and no, I don't think you can blame the DOJ for cost of a false scandal.
OK. But approximately 1/2 of Americans believe the investigation was blocked. What do you tell them?
Yes, and more than half the Republican Party believe Obama is a secret Muslim born in Kenya. What can one say?
I'm sure CIA and FBI will eventually do that for us. Hope its before Trump turns over the WH to Putin!
Really and Hillary goes Scot free. A little mixed up wouldn't you say. Your all sick.
Scot Free for what? Get over it.Trump is putting KGB in the West Wing, but you are about old emails?
Its so true my forefathers fought and died for our country and for religious freedom. Not your liberal ideas.
What have tbe american people don to you that you would represent us in such a derogatory and dangerous way.
Just like u voted 4 the corrupt, dishonest and Benghazi criminal HRC @TheDemocrats @MiceeMouse @adjunctprofessr
Exhoneratered 8 times & you're still stuck on that? @SenFeinstein @TheDemocrats @MiceeMouse @adjunctprofessr
please don't get tired of fighting.
Do you think he will look into lucrative government contracts given to family members of leading senators?
It really is time for you to retire at 80 you elevator could not go all the way up. Do us a favor PLEASE.
Mrs Feinstein if you are a San Francisco democrat you are very close to being a communist.
Thank you for this!
@tvogvo I hope you lose your job real soon. We the people are SICK of you.
There are no words to describe your pure partisanship. You would turn your back on your own mother if she was not a Democrat.
Well that doesn't surprise me. You don't seem to ever vote for America
breaking news from CNN! cold is cold
But you voted yes on 5 others. Way to *not* fight for your constituents.. it's not time to roll over & play nice. FIGHT BACK!
thank you. You tried and glad to have your voice in DC
Thanks for voting "no" on Sessions!
more ineffectual posturing wow so easy to keep your constiuents placated!!!
@wjcoop This is why your party keeps losing.
Thank you.
nothing unusual
thank you for continuing to stand against these horrible nominations.
Thank you!
congrats for finally discovering your spine senator. Now let's see if you are adult enough to filibuster goruch
Thank you!
thank you Senator.
thank you!
too bad you didn't vote no on the out of control collection of data by intelligence agencies that were handed to Trump
how did that make you feel, was it good? Now the GOP rules the Senate get used to it. Sen Sessions is a good man for AG.
Thank you for your hard work. I appreciate your work.  Please know you have my support. I wish people were more respectful.
E.Warren can't say truth about Sessions but Trump can impugn Senators all he wants with no consequences???
GOOD. KEEPsaying NO. especially for the Supreme Court nominee!  Make sure. All DEMS SAY NO
2/2 stating they don't fear Trump they fear everyone else!!!!!! This is not my America
When is someone going to stop Trump from making false claims and spreading fear? People buying bomb shelters 1/
When is someone going to do something about Trump abusing his powers of the office for business purposes?
thank you Senator.
you have worked with Sessions for 20 years and you know he is not the things @SenWarren and @SenSanders says he is.
hmmm. Seems when you know the GOP will win you put up a front. You'll go along with him when he cracks down on LEGAL cannabis.
disgusting that a democrat has the audacity to refer anyone else a racist. Hypocrisy to the extreme.
Thank you!
Thanks!
Thank you, Senator. 
Thank you. #ResistTrump #ShePersisted
Thank you!
and yet it all happened anyway. What are we doing to get ahead of the tide? I see an obvious pattern.
thank you.
Disappointed.  He is a great pick.
thank you
and I appreciate your effort.
the fight is not over
Thank you, Senator. Your leadership is greatly appreciated. Now we must be vigilant.
thank you for your effort. Keep #resisting
Thank you, Senator for standing up for our rights and freedoms.
As you should have. Now what about Warren being censured for words white men could read without consequence?
thank you! Please keep fighting!!!!
Thank you for trying!!! Keep it up!
thank you, Senator. Please keep voting your conscience, in favor of a government of integrity.  #persist
.@SenFeinstein We are devastated. Sessions will take this country backward to a dark time. Thank you for your leadership in opposing him.
Thanks Diane. It didn't help much but we are paying attention to the actions of Dems everywhere!
I seldom expect Senator Feinstein to do the right thing, but I'll take it when I can get it :-)  Thanks!
thanks for listening to my calls!
Thank you.
and he still got confirmed. Bipartisan too. Democracy is great.
, @SenatorSessions is GREAT, Ur voting is Y Ur party lost, Ur constituents want U 2 SUPPORT @POTUS
Keep voting no!  Keep speaking out against unqualified appointees!  This is not business as usual.
Thank you for all your efforts.
- thank you for fighting the good fight!
Thank you Sent Feinstein for voting responsively.
U Neanderthal, @SenatorSessions is GREAT, Ur voting is Y Ur party lost, Ur constituents want U 2 SUPPORT @POTUS
Thank you for your intelligence and integrity!
Thank you!
.  Goody-gum
Drop-ah, but he was confirmed
thank you! We appreciate your vote!
thank you!
maybe you will also vote "No" on running for another term. #termlimitsat all levels of government.
You are an abomination
Very disappointed in @SenFeinstein for voting "no" in support of nomination of Jeff @SenatorSessions   This will not be forgotten
I'm so glad I live in CA. My Senators vote their conscience. Wish I could say the same of everyone else.
Don't stop trying to defeat these horrible app'ts. We are with you, Sen. Feinstein!
.....It's Obvious That Democrats Like You Are Race BAITERS and Lie About People. Goal: Obstruction, Lie, Obstruct,  Lie....
Thank you.
@stage4kelly congrats. He still won. Continue being irrelevant

thank you !
thanks for all your hard work during these horrible confirmations.  I appreciate you.
Thank you!
I just voted no on your husband being awarded 1 billion in tax payer cash for high speed rail, but I am too late, CORRUPTION
thank you from a San Francisco constituent.
California working class #thank you
thank you!
thank you!
did that make you feel important? Sorry, you're still not
Thank you for standing your ground.
thanks!
SHOCKING!!!
keep fighting for us! Thank you for all of your hard work.
thank you for NOT supporting #45 appointees, who don't know what the Working Class American faces daily! We don't need Session
thank you!!!
  for our future and our rights
it's not enough! Who did you convince to vote their conscience instead of their party?That's your job now.  #crosspartylines
Oy vey
@kirp24 
Did you tell your buddy @Sen_JoeManchin how to vote?
thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank
wrong side of history Diane!
And you lost. Congratulations. Now isn't it past your bedtime? You already missed Wheel of Fortune tonight.
SO!
Thank you. We will keep fighting.
We need the country run in a productive way. Stop wt the theatrics, get the cabinet approved & lets get some good things done
Remember, this is  a grerrilla war and freedom is at stake. Ask @senwarren about freedom of speech.
just as we expected. Thank you. Keep up the good fight! #ResistandPersist
Thank you!
thank you. Where are your GOP colleagues??
and all of your constituents are yelling yippee yippee!!
I look at it this way, there is no person Trump could appoint to be AG that would satisfy any Democrat. So accept and move on.
Thank you. Now you must fight him with all you've got.
Thank you anyway, senator. Sessions will not be an independant A.G. We're watching, should he try to cover up Russian hacking.
Thank you. We will remember what side of history you were on. #WhyIResist #ShePersisted
thank you.
Lotta good that did. Your on the wrong side of History.
thank you As one of your constituents I appreciate your leadership in the fight against him. Proud of you and @KamalaHarris
thank you for representing us and our American Values!
@glennbobsmith31 
YOU SHOULD HAVE VOTED NO ON ALL OF THEM FEINSTEIN. ALL OF THEM. ALL OF THEM. ALL OF THEM!
Congrats on your new participation trophy.
Thank you! Keep up the good fight! 
Did your vote of irrelevance make you feel good?  That's all it accomplished.  #MAGA
fool
thank you
Thank you!
I would hope so.
Thank you!  Now please stop SCOTUS nominee in his tracks. Until Merrick Garland gets a vote, no one gets a vote. Stand Up!
Thank You
Thank you!
thank you!
Thanks, did you convince any one else to do the same?
thank you for standing up for our country and our diverse nation of people
Thank you
obstructionism is the new Direction of the Democratic Party. Sad @POTUS has to deal with your lackadaisical work effort.

Thank you for voting no on Sessions! #Standup
Thank you for doing the right thing, I'm sorry fewer people did not put country before politics. California supports you!
guess you lost again shameful
Thank your for trying for us. We keep on fighting.
it doesn't matter he will indict Hillary
Please do not Vote In favor of our Stolen SCOTUS #VoteNoOnGorsuch  CA Constituent
well manchin voted for sessions and he is voting for gorsuch so that means 51 votes for gorsuch enough to stop a fillibuster!
Thank you! Stay strong for us, please.
Thank you for voting against him.
thank you!
Thank you for representing California
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you for taking a stand agaist intolerance and corruption.
Jeff sessions received n-double-acp Award of Excellence n a a CP Award of Excellence yeah right that's a racist
u are a intellectual powerhouse/ s
BFD. Feinstein you're a war hawk and hate monger.
Thank you, Sen. Feinstein! Please vote no on the Gorsuch nomination as well if the filibuster fails. (Pls support that, too.)
@The_Anti_Fox proud of the fight put up by @SenateDems   #TheResistance
Thank you. Now do everything in your power to block ANY nominee to the Supreme Court, just as the R's did to Obama.
