(2/2) I’ll continue to work in the Senate to protect victims of campus sexual assault. We can’t give up the fight. #TitleIX
WRONG .@SenFeinstein willful ignorance or stupidity on you part??
She needs to get educated first. Can't imagine that dummies are running education department.
ALLEGED sexual assault victims. There. Fixed it for you .
They are not victims.  They are complainants.  What’s unconscionable is you abandoning due process or innocent until proven guilty.
Kind of like what CA sanctuary cities do when the rights of illegal felons are put above the rights its US citizen victims?
Examples please?
She has no examples, but neither does Feinstein. Disgusting to see Democratic Senators siding with fascism, & against investigating rape.
How is Feinstein siding with fascists? How is she against investigating rape?
The Obama policy outlawed serious investigations into rape on campus. I'm a liberal, but the Left has lied their ass off about this issue.
Hmm..I will investigate further
A fact the media isn't reporting is that they've been loosing the civil cases trying to uphold Obama's policy...
This results in colleges backing away from investigations and punishment.
Yes god forbid the accused get to use is right to due process. Please find out what mental illness you have.
anyone saying due process and innocent until proven guilty obviously has no idea what #TitleIX is.
Why on earth would u want colleges to have the authority to investigate instead of proper law enforcement? Schools cover up these crimes!
Felonies are serious crimes that should be invetigated by experienced law enforcement agencies and prosecutors..not english lit professor's.
Again, have u read it?
Again..yes. And I stand by my claim that is the responsibility of a real court..not a pc kangaroo court afraid of losing it's funding.
To press charges, yes. The university is responsible for keeping its students safe
hey doesn't title 9's existence prove gender desegregation a bad idea?
I say keep title 9 go back to gender segregated colleges, rape stops
Like trump, she also has no soul.
People who support a reasonable expectation of due process.."has no soul"?...   what country do you think we're in? Constitutionally ensured
Due process does not put the rights of the accused above the accusers. Due process is central to our justice system.
don't  they both have the same rights? I think that's what Sec. DeVos has done. I didn't know when you're accused your right are lessened
She's beholden to other ppl of means who don't want their sons to be targeted or who might be guilty. Why else wld this be issue?!
Yes, that makes sense but don't they have daughters too?!
Yes, and hopefully those daughters care as much about protecting the rights of the accused as does @BetsyDeVosED or we'll have tyranny soon
You're truly special aren't you?
I hope not.
I'd like to think that in a nation of Laws, respect for the rights of the accused are widely understood, but I could be wrong.
It's called due process.
Is there a better process. Would you prefer lynch mobs on the streets?
Yes there is a better process. It is called "Due Processes" as Rita pointed out.
So did I. Due process pertains to Oz Constitution & princilples of Rule Of Law. CLCs, DV shelters & rape crisis centres should be funded.
Best way to ensure that victims of sexual abuse come forward is make available more legal/emotional support.
Supporting the victims of sexual abuse with appropriate services is not an attack on due process & nor does it detract from a fair trial.
Agree. As long as it does not trample  on the rights of the accused.
https://www.google.com/amp/www.foxnews.com/world/2017/07/06/british-woman-faces-jail-time-for-making-up-sexual-assault-rape-stories.amp.html … After the 5th time why didn't they catch on? More appropriate protections are needed for the accuser and the accused
Only reason I can think is undoing anything and everything Obama. There is no rationale for this.
This is just bull crap.  @SenFeinstein
(1/2) Sec. DeVos is putting rights of the accused above those of sexual assault victims. Absolutely unconscionable. http://lat.ms/2xklwIw 
This is astounding from an actual senator. We have an EQUAL  justice system built upon rights of innocent until proven guilty.
Kangaroo courts are not justice They are authoritarian. Where the verdict is driven by a mob & now tethered to the reputation of the school
She is a major swamp thing & I believe she & her brother r very corrupt as r most of 45s appointees & minions.Betsy Devos should be ashamed
You should be ashamed!  Your punditry is very telling.  You have no clue what's actually going on here, do you?  Biases are sooo blinding!..
So you're saying you're a psychic?
What a lie.
This woman isn't playing with a full deck. Obviously she needs her head examined. This is absolutely #Unacceptable..
Why does Dianne Feinstein want to return to the era of the Scottsboro boys? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scottsboro_Boys …
DeVos is part of the GOP for their war on women. Don't be fooled by her sex she is one of the good old boys.
This change is good for accusers and those accused.
Apparently it's not good for @TheDemocrats tho for some reason...
Almost like a narrative fail for them 
Damn that pesky due process and whole innocent until proven guilty thing...
Betsy Devos takes rape much more seriously than @SenFeinstein. Diane thinks it's a matter for colleges to handle.
(1/2) Sec. DeVos is putting rights of the accused above those of sexual assault victims. Absolutely unconscionable. http://lat.ms/2xklwIw 
You mean like how you put the rights of the accuser over the rights of the accused? Did you even read To Kill a Mockingbird?
•"above"•
 Busted in a lie.
Due process and fair and equal fairness, innocent until proven guilty are not "ABOVE".
Someone as powerful as you should know better than to degrade due process
If someone is accused of any crime he/she is not presumed to be guilty.  In the USA the accused have rights!
Why do you hate due process?
Due process and Catholic jurists in your sights, right Senator?
You are one YUGE liar Ms Feinstein..how do you live with yourself. Jeesh
What rights are the victims being denied?
Last I checked innocent until proven guilty still had meaning here.  Or did we jump right to guilty until proven innocent, Nazi law.
She's Jewish, so it's Communist Law.
I hate DeVos but this is the right call. It's not unconscionable. It's due process.
Just because you accuse someone of a crime doesn't make you a victim. How are you a senator?
And Sen. Feinstein is dismissing due process of law in favor of kangaroo courts   Seriously, have you never read To Kill A Mockingbird?
Democrats seem to believe in "guilty until proved innocent." I've voted D for 35+ years, there's no way I'm voting for them next election.
Consider the source. keep up the fight for decenty
On @fixitshow feminist Harvard Law professor @JeannieSuk explains (politely!) why @SenFeinstein is wrong about this http://www.howdowefixit.me/podcasts/2017/9/27/122-title-ix-and-sexual-assault-jeannie-suk-gersen …
Shameful, shameful, shameful. You should be supportive of the same rights of the accused as you promote for the accusers.
Missed the whole due process thingy, did we? Anti-Catholic and anti- constitutional rights! How nice.
Betsy worth $5 billion. She's detached, aloof, arrogant and unfazed by the problems of people. She's a republican in Koch's network.
Agreed! She is completely #unfit to serve!
Are you for due process? That's what she's trying to put back in place- how can that be wrong? We live in the USA! #thankyouBetsy
Love letting a bunch of old billionaire's make policies for young college students. Especially ones concerning rape.
Interesting that you would take this position, but you have a history of acting unconstitutionally. Innocent until PROVEN guilty.
She is doing no such thing and you know it. This is a disgraceful spin.
Never seen To Kill A Mockingbird, have you?
"Accused" being the key word. Rule of law dictates that the accused have a FAIR trial. You want lynch mobs.
Blame the victim wins again. Shocking!
Please be more clear? Who's blaming who?
And know, if @BetsyDeVosED needed protection & legal redress she'd be screaming 4 assistance! DT's admin taking USA to prehistoric times!
I can't tell if this is just sarcasm?....
Are you suprised? Her boss is trump who brags about sexually assaulting women!!  
Wow. Democrats used support civil rights like due process.
What's unconscionable is acting like false accusations don't happen. Seems you care as little for the 5th Amendment as you do the 2nd.
Seriously what is wrong with DeVos....This is sickening
I'll assume that you're being sarcastic...? 
Dianne Frankenstein.
Just when I think these people can not get any more vile they prove me wrong
Doesn't being a Senator presume a modicum of understanding of the constitution and the Bill of Rights?
My investigations Betsy. Conclusions came office with personal ideas force on victims she will hurt=her private life responsibly= not job.
@MSNBC Betsy DeVos a hateful very rich woman. She hates her own gender & I can't imagine what happened in her life 2 make her hate so much!
Apparently the Dems and libs hate due process
Boooooo.  That's just plain awful.  What on earth has happened to "our " moral compass Ms Devos?
Read something!!!!
Why? @BetsyDeVosED  why would you do this? Explain yourself! You have to!
Recommended reading
Why aren't you in the Senate doing anything to stop this treason to OUR DEMOCRACY! STOP THE MADNESS & HOLD THEM ACCOUNTABLE FOR TREASON!!!
BECAUSE SHE IS IN THE MINORITY!
LEARN HOW CONGRESS WORKS!
GO YELL AT REPUBLICANS THEY ARE THE ONES IN CONTROL OF CONGRESS!
Learn about who voted to confirm some of the worst of the worst! Every vote counts & every voter accountable! This is OUR Democracy!
Assuming you're not just a bot I'll respond. I'm well aware of who she voted for in confirming the cabinet and don't agree with her on those
However, screaming yourself silly about something over which she has no power is counterproductive. She is standing against this bill.
Why is DeVos even relevant?  This a woman that is suited for hunting bears in elementary schools!
Why are you even commenting on this if you're unaware of the topic?
She just set victims back years! She will be the reason reporting stops and the violence continues. It's a sad day for survivors & victims
Victims just want justice. They didn't get due process when they were violated in the first place.
The problem is, accusing someone doesn't necessarily mean you got the right person - that's why we have a process of fact finding.
"We're not going to destroy that good man's name," said the cop when my right to file charges was prevented. 50 years ago. Nothing's changed
As long as a woman's value is second to a mans we will never rise above this Neanderthal condition that keeps us from true Democracy!
Who in her family or friends committed sexual assault?
Do you understand the content of this thread?
Oh didn't you know you are guilty until proven innocent?
So....the accused rights are supposed to be ignored? I thought we had "innocent until proven guilty" in our country? You SHOULD be smarter!
What does money have to do with this specific issue?
It's called due process. Perhaps you read about it in the constitution you're supposed to uphold?
There are these weird things called the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments, maybe you've heard of them.
And yet there were two sexual assaults on the campus of UMD here in College Park, Maryland.
I assume you are not in fact ignorant that accused shld have the right of due process when accused of a felony, but merely playing politics
I am pissed I even have to write this as I despise Trump and do not trust Devos, but you are wrong to deny due process to the accused
Sen. Feinstein is racist. More black people are falsely accused of sexual assault.
NO, she is making it FAIR, innocent until proven guilty. But, YOU SUPPORTED BILL CLINTON gave him a PASS on being a raper.
Amen! Regretful, drunken sex IS NOT RAPE! Many girls lose their virginity this very way! It takes two to tango!
Are you really going to make the case against due process? Is that what's happening here?
Why should we expect less from someone unbelievably unqualified for her job...meaningless changes with damaging potential-
Until proven in a court of law, they're alleged victims; just as the accused are alleged perpetrators. Scary that you know this and mislead.
Dianne clearly loves kangaroo courts. If msm weren't dnc shills she would be called out for this garbage.
DeVoe is the most unqualified person to ever be Secetary of Education.  This is insane to revoke the current rules on Rape on Campus.
New Chant:

Dolores Umbridge go away,
College rape is not ok.
Makes sense she would do this: DeVos family Amway scam also heavily reliant  on Blame the Victim philosophy of life to benefit themselves
Nice not-even anecdotal accusation. It's not "Blame the Victim," it IS, "The accused stands innocent until PROVEN guilty" #PresumedInnocent!
Very frightening when a Senator doesn't believe in due process.
Devos is so UNQUALIFIED.  money = privilege
Unconscionable a state senator has such little regard or knowledge of our Bill of Rights.
Senator, just to let you know a whole bunch of NFL football players are kneeling today for DeVis's position. Just letting you know.
She a guy.
Pay your city taxes at your old residence b4 you get to be relevant!
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1440261539397807&id=1362838997140062 …
The Botox overdoses have affected your brain to the point that you should just resign now.
I thought we all had the same rights? no?
And tell me feinstine how do you feel about Monica?
You need to read To Kill a Mockingbird.

WRONG .@SenFeinstein as Constitutional due process is Equal Rights to protect both
Nope. You are unconscionable. Your treasonous conduct is unconscionable. Democrats are unconscionable.
Because due process matters
Diane doing her best to bs and lie and grandstand as much as possible. About time to retire there, ay Feiny?
If Due Process is 'unconscionable' to you, then you need to resign from US Senate. Disgraceful.
Uh...thats how American jurisprudence works..
You do understand that in the US, EVERYONE is assumed innocent until proven guilty in a court of law, right?
Why don't you disclose that President Obama's order took burden of proof from reasonable doubt to a more subjective likely than not.
Because of lax evidence rules in these kangaroo courts, the use of "preponderance of evidence" is intended to deceive and is a joke.
yes, it's called due process...blackstone's formulation
Presumed innocent?
Oh, you prefer the proof that many of the false reporting is permitted to destroy lives, careers and reputations? How gloriously BIG of you
False.
It should send a chill down the spine of every American that a person in the U.S. Senate stands against #PresumedInnocent! 
#RecallFeinstein
Yes. That's how due process works.  Ffs
That due process thing can be a problem, right?
It is so embarrassing to be a constituent of this constitutionally illiterate zealot.
Who's surprised she's party elite? Theyre all like this
There are no actual "accused" individuals here.  This is a straw man argument over deregulation.
Isn't she just restoring due process?
Sen Frankenstein, the Rights of the Accused were removed under Obama. "Regular Order" is being reinstituted on College Campuses!
She’s awful. Another disgraceful cabinet member.
Feinstein is the disgrace
Everyone's a sex offender, a racist, a woman hater, a white supremacist, a rapist blah blah blah. No wonder Trump is winning.
She's a pig at best.  Sorry pigs.
If your daughter was accused of a crime, I bet you'd want her to have a trial  instead of being declared guilty and immediately sent to jail
DOWN WITH #DEVOS She is a worthless, heartless person to be running our children's education
#EDUCATION #ChildrensRights #RESIST @BetsyDeVos
Title IX kangaroo courts are basically witch trials. Plenty of cases of abuse and systemic civil rights violations. Needs to go yesterday.
We have laws in this country. Inocent until proven guilty. Bill and Hillary Clinton would be in prison if an accusation was all u needed.
You said "accused" and "victim". Theres only a victim if theres a crime, and an accusation is not a crime. #legalprocess

Which is what the Constitution and justice system does in criminal cases. You know, the Constitution that thing you took an oath to defend.
Do you hate men or something?
Do you approve of men not getting due process?
Due process is favoring someone? You are on the wrong side this.
DeVos bought her appointment with donations to a racist dotard who bragged about sexually assaulting women. "Unconscionable" is too kind.
(1/2) You're lying.
(2/2) You're lying.
THIS is the kind of **** that Sec. DeVos is trying to fix:
It's being stuck down by the courts anyway. No mystery. Title IX sexual assault letter thingy isn't law.
Resign, Diane
You misspelled "Hillary Clinton".
Ever hear of due process? Why do you and your ilk hate the Constitution?
No conscience. No ethics. A disaster to education in America..
No the disaster is Marxist teachers and professors
Innocent until proven guilty. #law
It's called due process & accused are entitled to it. Hint: it's in document you took oath to uphold
I've had enough of you. 
Signed, 
A California Voter.
::Rammstein beat::

Due...
Due proc...
Due proc-ess!
Due process senator
but you have to acknowledge that on campuses the accused are sometimes the victims.
Newsflash: that's how the American justice system works. Innocent until proven guilty. I can't believe i have to explain this to MY senator.
You didn’t put this sexual assault victims rights above the accused #Hypocrite
This is unconscionable!! What a gishrace she is !!
No, she's putting the rights of the accused on the same level as the rights of the accuser.  It's justice.
Go to bed, old woman.
You realize due process is good for the accused and assuser right? Or is just the bandwagon you've jumped onto? Either way, it's pathetic.
Due process.
@SenFeinstein raped me
It's you that is unconscionable
Again it's called due process in the USA we are innocent till proven guilty it's in our constitution thank you @BetsyDeVosED
She has no clue the devastation of being sexually abused at the hand of abusers
Wrong...you are innocent until proven guilty...the accused (often minorities btw) are denied due process.
Holy shit You're fucking embarrassing! When are you old fucks like McCain Going to hang it up? Can't you motherfuckers keel over already!
What in gawds name is wrong with you
#DueProcess is not unconscionable.
We certainly wouldn't want to take it easy on the falsely accused.
You know better than that. DeVos is trying to secure due process rights for the accused NOT place accused rights over victims'. Be honest.
@SenFeinstein you are now against due progress & religious freedom? Its time you read Constitution you swore an oath to uphold & defend.
Two words : DUE PROCESS
If she did this (which I doubt) that would make her like Hillary Clinton taking up for Rapist Bill, wouldn't it.
Wow. I'm speechless. The presumption of innocence and the right to a fair trial no longer matter, heh?  It's only the core of our legal sys.
. Dianne, you know this is not true. Go do your job and knock it off senator.
YES YES!! that horrible thing called due process. You know that thing called a Constitution? limit the government?
Innocent until proven guilty in America.  Due Process
No! She giving young men DUE PROCESS that Obama DOJ took away! Innocent until proven guilty! REMEMBER!
This issue is going to burst wide open soon. Did you read 'Girl in the Woods' by Aspen Matis? She needs vindication.
A page right out of the Hillary Clinton play-book! 
Seems your dogma surrounding this issue may be impacting your ability to grasp due process.
What dogma would that be?
Thank you, Diane!
Like you putting criminal aliens illegally in our country above citizens.
#RIPThomasKlocke : accused of sexual harassment & because he was punished & not given any chance to defend himself, he committed suicide.
Yep ensuring due process rights for the accused is so barbaric.
Tawana Brawley.  UVA false charges in Rolling Stone magazine. Duke Lacrosse Team false allegations of rape. DUE PROCESS!
A Radical Senator full of self righteousness, self adulation - completely corrupted totally un-American Shameful service
You lost the argument at "rights of the accused", Senator.
Because only lynch mobs suppress civil rights based on outrage.
Unwanted Advances: Sexual Paranoia Comes to Campus - Laura Kipnis.
Unconscionable that you put politics ahead of due process. With due process, victims AND the accused are protected. It's the Constitution.
Lol no surprise that you have no respect for people's rights in any area.
The fifth amendment. What is it?
No.  Secretary DeVos is reinstating due process so innocents can't be arbitrarily railroaded
As a father of a adolescent male and 3  young girls I want to see a just and balanced system that discerns the truth
She wants to normalise sexual assault to protect the #POSOTUS
No POTUS is no longer Bill Clinton and Anthony Wiener was never POTUS
Why do the accused even have rights?
