Ban semi automatic weapons! Not just bump stocks!
All semi auto pistols and rifles?
All semi automatic weapons, which have no reason to exist but to mass kill
Not gonna get that passed. Thats the majority of the gun sales and NRA will fight that till the end.
We had that. Reagan banned them in the 80’s and Republicans let it lapse.
Reagan ban fully auto weapons unless made prior to 86. Neither covered pistols in semi auto function
Extended clips, no one needs those.
You are right. Extended magazines are stupid and gun porn only.  agree
Stop speaking for the dead. Some of the victims are pro second amendment. You’re opportunistic ways is disgusting.
Very, very well said.
Unacceptable that automatic rounds can still be purchased legally. No hunter I know uses them, hunters care to debate this on my show?
Automatic rounds dont exist.
What action would have stopped this massacre? Limit guns? He only used mainly one so not the answer
You are just worried you won’t be able to feed your gun fetish. People can grieve and act at the same time. We are tired of the gun drunk faction holding us hostage.
The only fetish here is the one with #guncontrol  loons like you dancing on the dead for political gain.
Stop guns
My children are scared.
Nice job standing on your kids for political gain. Maybe you should stop scaring them.
Tell me- what would you tell them?
We don't stand with you....we stand despite of all of you.
Wait. 59 is "nearly 600"? Why such dishonesty from the anti-gun people?
Hey why don’t we start with Chicago first then we can see how it goes
Not just bumps, all semi automatics, and assault rifles..out. And one gun per year, and ammo limits
SCOTUS has already told you to eat shit. You lost #guncontrol goons. Get over it.
Senator. No law will ever stop evil people from committing acts of evil. All it will succeed in doing is to further hinder law abiding gun..
We need a National Memorial to honor Second Amendment Martyrs, with all their names. They outnumber dead from all US wars combined. Ongoing.
Your message is uninformed and overall very shitty.
LiberT, don't pretend to speak for LEO'S or sane gun owners. An overwhelming majority of us want sensible gun legislation.
Bullshit, vast majority of gun owners don't drink the ignorance-laden kool-aid you #guncontrol advocates peddle.
WASTE OF TIME. CRIMINALS WON'T OBEY. WHEN WILL YOU GET IT? First & foremost, it is against the law to kill people...
NEVER!!!!!
Haven't heard you mention the church shooting? Were those lives less important? What about Chicago? Do they matter? Nothing done in 8yrs?
I know stop all the hate speech about Republicans saying everything they do will kill everyone than maybe these Democrats will stop killing.
#GunControlNow
You support murder by abortion but you think making guns illegal will stop murder? Hypocrite 
I do support a women’s right to make decisions for her own health. I also believe we do not need weapons of war on our streets.
There you go again. We have a mental health problem rather than a gun problem.
So why would you want guns available to those with mental health problems?
I am with you Senator. You toughened gun laws in SF. It is the right thing to do.
How about stand for all the unborn children aborted each year in America?? How about Chicago, with some of the strictest gun laws??
Might be time to create the Feinstein Act to ban device used to create automatic weapons.
Would prefer fun dealers step up but if Not, govt.
Owners and future gun owners from exercising their 2A rights. I believe the laws we have are enough. Perhaps the judges should enforce the..
Please retire. You serve absolutely no purpose and you embody exactly what is wrong with politics. #careerpolitician #LasVegasShooting
Can we get you to stand up for. Chicago? Since that many people have been getting killed there every year since Democrats took it over.
#NoHighCapacityMagazines
oh LISTEN TO HER!! WOW> she is really pouring it on TO GET YOUR GUNS! WOW> using the BLOOD of people not even buried! YOU are SHAMELESS DF!
Thank you! We can do better. We MUST do better. I'm tired of not feeling safe in my own country. I want more for my children.
Laws we have. God bless mam. Have a nice day. #God #AmericaFirst #Countrybeforeparty #2A #VegasStrong
Use taxes to regulate. Create a fund that will cover the medical expenses, pain, suffering and life insurance of ALL (robbery, gang, self defense, etc) gunshot victims by taxing all guns, gun parts and ammunition based on their contribution to the problem.
So a criminal shot by their victim in self-defense should be paid? No wonder you #guncontrol people are thought of as jokes and dimwits.
Thank you Senator for taking the lead to protect the American ppl from weapons that are only made to kill human beings!
All the violence is coming from your friends on the LEFT! You are a hypocrite, like all Democrats.
I condemn the Democratic Party for refusing to participate in a moment of silence for the victims and politicizing their deaths.
I support your efforts & the Automatic Gunfire Prevention Act. Thank you Senator. #LasVegas #Enough
President Obama's ATF allowed Bump Stocks. Obama did nothing to stop the use of bump stocks that were introduced during his and your admin.
We lost our souls when nothing was done after #sandyhook
Retire please.. Never mind elections are coming and then you'll have to step down
I think you better clean up California first, seems like you can not handle that task!
Least you could do is protect us by getting rid of all muslims sanctuary cities no go zones female mitilation sharia law & pedophilia
OK now get congress to act. ban the Bump stocks. including private ownership. there is no need to own these no matter what the NRA says.
We don't need to militarize guns! I have nothing against owning a couple of guns for whatever but AUSTRALIA did it WE can too!!!!!
That's why their crime has increased, the murder rate has gone up (knives, machetes, blunt instruments). And, the gun homicide rate went up.
It is, but if babies at school didn't do it not sure anything will. Vote out the GOPers that are in the NRAs payroll.
increase regulation of mind altering psych drugs. Abilify, the best selling psych drug, causes suicidal & homicidal thoughts!
What action, Senator? And what will it accomplish to stop criminals?


You say the same about the 900k babies murdered every year? Nope, guess not. Hypocrites.
We need #Divestment campaign from Gun Industry. #NameShame major shareholders. #WhoProfitsFromGunDeaths? Americans are slain & they profit
There are already many guns laws, do you really think more laws will help.  Try to remember that ppl that do this DON’T OBEY THE LAWS.
You should not demand action from us. That why you were elected to senate. Not to make you rich. Save lives. Do your job and save Chicago.
I have a question: is it right to take a political stance right now or offer up sincere condolences & solidarity 2 the loved 1s left behind?
Exactly what is you plan to stop gun violance? Use Chicago laws as a bowlerplate. Look into laws to make heron illegal as well.  POLITICIANS
Divide the casualties by 90%
When the people lose their right to defend themselves, they will be slaves!
Ok.  But fucking do something.
Reading these comments are like watching deer in headlights. Some you are so pathetic, you won't budge until it's your own family member. Until then, deflect, avoid, anything but cope and act.
And yet when Democrats had all 3 houses, they did nothing
We don't wait to talk about drunk driving when a person is killed. We regulate everything else. Amendment says regulated militia. Gun reform


You have not do jack for the victims of gun crimes in Chicago and Baltimore. You old goat.
As an older mental health professional I'm here to say - I cannot I stop mass murderers. Trust me. This idea is fantasy. Control the guns
BRAVO!
Thank you for your leadership
Same old democrats BS Story is older than you
Right. So let's ignore the problem. Maybe it will go away on its own.
With you all the way. These people do nothing but cop out when it's time to take action. Country being run by mentally ill people.
We are STANDING! #StandForOurAnthem
We demand you enforce the current laws on the books and stop infringing on the rights of others for your personal gain #LasVegasShooting
@SenFeinstein Your hidden gun ban agenda does nothing to cure the mental health issues and violent modern democrats your party has created.
Standing on the still warm bodies of innocent victims to push your gun control...You can't regulate EVIL
You’re the senator you take action!
Standing with you really would be "the least" we could do.  No thanks.
What should we do?
I suppose I could give another donation to the NRA if that's what you really want.
When the time is right too many mourning now
New Town 5-6 year olds should have been enough! The Pulse Nightclub & Vegas should never have happened!
No
Retire old lady.
You Dems. You Can't Dazzle Us Deplorables With Your Brilliants, And U Sure Can't Baffle Us With Your B.S.
I think we should start a #ProtectUs campaign. It's hard for people to argue with that.
Ok. How?
My coworkers and friends are scared to attend a concert or theater event. So much for freedom.
Don't forget Heather Heyer, Sandy Hook kids, the Pulse victims, Oklahoma City victims and the many others killed by #whiteterrorism
If I lose my life from someone else's liberty, in the pursuit of happiness then what is the Constitution for?#EndGunViolence #EnoughIsEnough
I'm becoming a broken 
As an American I will stand up for the USA. Please step down you are doing so much harm or if you can't please take your state out of the US
Democrats will do anything for power, they want the United States to be like Syria so they can have complete control.
U democrats are a disgrace to this country, we the people know that it's the democrats doing the killings so they can try to take guns away!
Don't message Americans, we're not going to stand with you to violate our rights and render us defenseless against your crimes. Hmph.
Perhaps consider tightening gun laws to the point Chicago has instilled, that'll fix the gun violence.
You need to stand, you've been sitting on your ass long enough
I'm with you @SenFeinstein ! Thank you for your leadership. Our lives are worth more than some guy (or gal) owning weapons of mass casualty
Deedee, we need to investigate the Obama admin! They have blood on their hands according to @JimmyKimmelLive https://www.slidefire.com/downloads/BATFE.pdf …
Please help! #LasVegasShootings
We have to fight like we did for health care. 
Then for science and reinstatement of @EPA-@DOE-@Interior etc
semi-automatics must go too.
SENATOR THEY BLOCKED MY SATELLITE SO I CAN'T SEE NEWS ABOUT INVESTIGATING ON MASECRA!
WHAT DID HE HAVE 40  50 GUNS WERE THEY PLANTED !A PILOT HE WAS NOT INSANE! HE WAS BOUGHT !WHERE DID HE GET 30 THOUSANDS A DAY????
You have no clue youve never seen a gun in real http://life.How  about we do something about liberal men.They seem to be very violent
THE POLICE AND MOB ARE TOGETHER WITH THIS OUTROCITY !THIS MAN WAS A PILOT !A 30 THOUSANDS DAY GAMBLING HABIT HAD A 400 THOUSANDS HOME!++
My message to @SenFeinstein: Stand with us and demand action. It's the least we can do to honor the countless innocent babies killed in USA.
We are AT WAR with ISIS and ANTIFA in America, and Comrade
Feinstein  wants to disarm us? Let her disarm herself first & see how that works.

I am happy to stand w/ you & anyone else in DC willing to stand up against NRA. Past time to care for our country not their business! 92653
With you.
Feinstein would ban all guns if she could. Run on that platform Senator. Be transparent. Then let the people decide.
God bless those folks ,they are in our thoughts and prayers,that was a terrible , senseless, tragedy.
#GunContolNow We must enact tough & comprehensive gun laws now. No more stalling, no more gun show loopholes, no more deaths!
Obey the Constitution: 5%
ACTION = STOP HATE Rhetoric! Both Shooters, 1)GOP Senate Ballgame & 2)Vegas slaughter of Trump Voters were recruits by OFA & active w/Antifa
What action are you talking about? Mental Health?
Paddock = a terrorist and all law makers who do not support gun control, including GOP and Bernie, are part of the same ongoing conspiracy.
Gun control is illegal. The conspiracy is the criminals trying to commit it. (YOU)
Here's what Obama/Feinstein did just last yr making it easier to buy suppressors. http://www.kolotv.com/content/news/ATF-Rule-Change-For-Purchase-of-Suppressors-364297231.html … Dems talk out both sides of mouth!
I've been kneeling, but I'll stand with you on that.
Keep kneeling. Might as well get in the practice before these criminal government-types make it real.
Sounds like you're trying to convince us that it's ok for the government to seize our lives. Only sheep will follow you to the slaughter
You are ill!
“Nearly 600 people killed”  - we’ve lost our minds.
Whoever tried to teach you ethics or decency, Dianne, failed.
Stand up to protect the constitution and 2nd amendment. I know you hate both but it's still a right.  Freedom that you want to take away.
Here's some fact for you Madame Senator, and add more Democrats to the list since 2013
Why single out those 600 from the thousands of others?
She sponsored legislation to outlaw bump sticks. Senate wouldn't pass it. That's what she's referring to & why those 600.
Still those 600 are not any more or less shot than 30,000 other Americans each and every year
No one is saying they are not. ? In relation to bump sticks though, those 600 are unique.
How sure are you of that?
About 75%. Is there a reason you are singling out those 600 yourself?
I bored of treating each mass shooting as a separate news event.... it no longer has meaning in such a context
Well, news tends to be reports that cover single topics and events. It's the nature of news, but they do point out the prior tragedies.
GOP doesn't care. They don't care if we shoot & kill each other. Just as long as their bank accounts stay fat & they can regulate vaginas.
I am a conservative. I care. How do we solve this while maintaining the sovereignty of the people? Disarmed people = totalitarian government
Your feel-good bill will do nothing.  These items can be easily circumvented if you know how to use a screwdriver and can read instructions.
Let's get sick people medical help
Need a National Memorial with all the names to honor the Second Amendment Martyrs. They outnumber the dead in all US wars combined. Ongoing.
To quote Kennedy.” If not now, when” The 2nd Amendment as written is EXTREMELY out dated. No one wants to rake EVERY gun. But reform? YES
Action like the strictest gun laws in the Nation and Chicago is still the murder capital of the country?
Yes! Time to outlaw murder! Oh ... wait.. #crazypeoplewillstilldocrazythings
We are a looong way from totallly isolated rural areas. A VERY LONG WAY FROM single shot muskets or even rifles. We HAVE TO CHANGE THIS
Sure!
DEMS Now Are Concerned About 600+(Notice The 600) Lives??
Give Nuke To N Korea,Iran,Let Criminals In Killing Americans,SanctuaryCities
I'm telling my Canadian neighbours and friends not to travel to the states until there is gun control. 4 Canadians died.
I stand with you and thank you for all you do @SenFeinstein ..shout out to my @SenatorDurbin !
Fight hard Senator! Thank you!
We're with you, @SenFeinstein .
We are more likely to be killed by an angry white man with a gun than we are by an immigrant or foreign terrorist on US soil. #BanWhiteMen
And you are going to keep illegal guns out of the hands of criminals and  those who will pay on the black market?  How? We'll wait.......
What do you do for the nearly 44,700  killed yearly by drunk drivers?????
We stand with you an Las Vegas
Why don't we start ENFORCING the Gun Laws we have on the books now and see what happens.  That would be a great place to start.
Read and share!!! We need to become gun fanatics!
Specifically, what action would you take that would keep criminals from getting guns? #DetailsMatter #GunControl. Or, you're just pandering
You do know mass killers don’t use “legal” guns, right? Duh!
But will it do any good? That's the first question I ask when it comes to these things.
Even if it's useless action?
My message to Americans, quit listening to politicians who think their action is always the answer, soon you will see their uselessness.
Don't entertain discussion on the Tax fiasco until they address #GunControlNow. DACA can be the ONLY exception. REPRESENT YOUR CONSTITUENTS.
YES!  Called Meehan, Casey, and Toomey yesterday!!!
Please don't use this horrible incident to ignite a gun debate to disarm americans.
You forgot Chicago in the last 8 years... 3900 dead, where were then....Dianne???
Thank you, Senator. You are the leader we need. And a kick ass female role model, to boot!
No terrorist is going to strip me of my rights. Period. #IStandWith2A
REALLY appreciate your leadership on this, Senator, and @ChrisMurphyCT! More members of Congress need to stand up to the NRA
To defeat the NRA, we need to nullify the corrupting influence of their lobbying cash. We need campaign finance reform first and foremost.
you're old enough to know if someone wants to kill a bunch of people no words or laws will stop them, bothers me you don't know that
I agree @SenFeinstein, 600 casualties is an astronomical number; ponder about the SHOOTER being at closer range how many more would've DIED
DO NOT SPEAK FOR THE DEAD!
What action ? The shooting is over or R U looking 4 a reason 2 grow a already bloated Gov?
Sit down nothing will happen nothing will change everybody will have guns your job is pointless
Why didn’t you demand this for the last 8 years so something like the Vegas tragedy wouldn’t happen!
She has:
"Feinstein, who in 2013 authored an assault weapons ban bill, which failed 40-60 in the Senate..."
The FBI is investigating
Action for what? ARs already outlawed in Cali. @GavinNewsom pushed for gun control while surrounded by armed guards #LiberalHypocrosy
I indeed stand with you, Senator!  Tell us how to help you get gun control legislation passed!!
As a Las Vegas resident seeing our city so shocked and sad, thank you. The time to act is now, but @SenDeanHeller is beholden to the #NRA. 
"If they can't keep us safe on our own streets, they can't keep their job." #throwthebumsout2018
You can't put a law on evil. It's a moral and heart issue. Start in D.C. and media on LOVE and Unity..
Excuse me, but can we just let the families bury their dead and be allowed some time to grieve before we get political?
All your previous laws have not stopped this killer . Neither will new ones. Quit trying to control us.
This is your fault you did nothing to change laws in 2008 when you had complete  control and Obama as Pres. Your words today mean nothing
I am 100% with you. All the way until we get it done right. Enough. I have been fighting and writing since Newtown.  is stronger than hate.
100% with you. Common sense gun reform should not be considered a bad word.
What changes do you want?
Please do something bout gun violence.  Trump sure wont
You dems are a sad lot . What gun law could have prevented this tragedy. You never have specifics . Just fake emotions.
I stand with my fellow brothers and sisters and demand you stop fixing the solution and work on the hard problems we hired you to do!
Not "the least", "thoughts and prayers" but pretty close. We have been very vocal & demonstrative in demanding action. Your move, Congress.
I'm standing with you and demanding action, Senator. Unfortunately, my GOP representative ignores me. I won't let up, though!
Please Senator, tell us what law would have stopped this guy?
Sen Feinstein,
Do not let this matter rest for one minute until we get what we need. America is tired of being placated with everything
What action should we take?
