
Let's make something clear: We are not going to let anyone take away our health care without one hell of a fight. #StandwithPP
Let's make something clear. I'm not going to allow the government to take my paycheck to pay for other people's health insurance

If #Obamacare is so wonderful WHY DON'T YOU HAVE IT? Why did you exempt yourself?
"They’re not cuts, they are reductions in spending growth."

That's a cut...I stopped reading
Please tell me if Obamacare is so great why don't lawmakers want it? Why did they unlawfully exempt themselves?
Under the ACA, members of the House, the Senate & their office staffs who want employer coverage have to buy it on the health ins exchange.
Yes, but they buy it at a much cheaper price because they aren't paying for the people in O care who are being subsidized.
Low income love O care middle income are paying $900 per month w/$10K deductible & have never used it b/c they can't afford it.
I'm pretty sure that the people who love OCare aren't all low income....and You're just making up stuff
I handle ins 4 my company. Prem's R up 25% from last year.Deductible= $19,500 for family. don't HAVE to make stuff up. I live/work it daily
Pretty sure most WERE sent 2 repeal Obamacare.either figure a way 2 make insurance AFFORDABLE 4 everyone R get gov the hell out of insurance
@SenateDems  SESSIONS OBEYED LAW AND NOW TRUMP MUST HAVE WANTED SESSIONS TO BE UNLAWFUL. AGAIN TRUMP KNOWS NOTHING ABOUT LAWS
Trump thought he was getting someone who would stand up & call BS on this Russian crap. Instead sessions folded hoping to make Dems happy
I ASK CAN YOU READ.?  I SUGGEST YOU  START. YOU SURELY  DO NOT BELIEVE WHAT RUSSIA DID WAS CRAP?
Those right wing fascist want to kill the poor Senator Please stop them!
So because someone thinks that the gov shouldn't be responsible for ur healthcare that makes them a right wing racist?
.@gop has been lying abt Ocare for so long that they're completely ignoring that ppl now see past the lies & realize that it's a good thing.
Yeah. To the ppl who are getting bailed out by fellow taxpayers. Whose own insurance is so expensive we can't use it bc of high deductibles
Ignorance, especially when it comes shrouded in white male privilege is difficult to fight. We need dems to take action against this.
Politicians need to get out of the swamp they need to open their ears to the contributing Americans
Where in the US Constitution is Healthcare enumerated for the Federal Government?
Dianne: We need free markets, competition, and personal responsibility. Your attempt to spin this is unseemly.
Regulation and oversight stabilize markets and foster trust and confidence. Predatory capitalism benefits the few at the expense of many
It was elected officials who restricted competition across state lines - not predatory capitalism.
Lowest common denominator. What a litany of deceptive statements. yep. Lowest common denominator. Free for all and Junk Insurance. No thanks
Free markets with lots of competition, freedom, and personal responsibility.

I think about this everyday 
I DO care about other people and believe they tend to prosper in free markets, low debt, and small affordable government.
That's called lip service. We know it well. Watch john mccain..
You damn right I'm selfish when it comes to my life! How about you? Single payer reeks of death, just look at England.
They need to decide if taking tax dollars from working ppl is what they were sent there to do.
Millions already don't have health care right now under Obamacare. Please repeal this awful bill!
U were voting whether to debate or not. No gut check moment there. By debating u get to have your input. Isn't that what you're asking for?
I think they forgot what their jobs are. I think they'll remember next election when they are packing up their offices.
I hope what you tweeted will be TRUE! 2018 get out the VOTE!
I've never missed an election. :)
Idiot!
Actually. GOP were sent to do exactly that. And replace with system that works. However. GET THE F out of our lives.
And giving windfall tax credits to Fat Cats
Let's see today I got a $75 dollar bill for a ER visit from Community South when My Medicare Advantage plan was suppose to provide full pay.
Obama knew people would not keep their doctor & healthplan and lied about it, but did nothing to ease their burden:
When will you condem the hate speech by the iman in Davis?

Taking H/C away from millions of Americans is "exactly" why Corp America & the rich sent them to DC. The other voters had no clue. No morals
It's not up to the gov to "give" u healthcare. R to make u buy insurance u don't need. Not everyone needs all the mandated coverage
U can use the same argument w/car Ins. We're mandated to buy it if we drive a car. Even if we never get in an accident. Do you have car Ins?
But Sen Feinstein, they  Only goal is 2 score 2 boost their shriveled nasty egos 2 prove they are worthy. We did it (but hates you!)
answer is simple. NO they are not. #CorruptGop primary mission pay back for what their donors want, taxcut. Americans dying is collateral
Their voters send them there for the exact opposite but THEY went there to a) make money b) suck up to their donors. They're doing great!
As one of "their" voters - repealing is exactly why I sent my senator there.
You sent him there to take health coverage away from millions? Really? I thought they said they'd repeal and replace WITH STH TERRIFIC.

Wow. Catholic nuns: this is the "most harmful legislation for American families in our lifetimes"; it is "simply immoral" and not pro-life. 
Any nun who approves of ACA might want to rethink their religious calling.
Affordable Care Act Drove Down Personal Bankruptcy - Consumer Reports
I'd say they believe it is.  They've done their soul searching and are good with it
wow - this is a chilling statement indeed
It's heartbreaking.  Were lost our country.  This is only one part of the damage this GOP is doing to us right now.  Its so awful.
I just mentioned: what gets me is the sneakish way and the lying and the trying to erase a decent man's legacy
OK You got me. Who's this decent man you speak of?
Those Senators suck, therefore the public sucks.
Putting millions on a government program paid for by taxpayers is not my idea of compassion. We're almost bankrupt but spend away.
Why are you exempt?
Take it away. Obama care is horrible and destroying our countries hard working families

They were sent there to legislate for special interests, not US!  That's as clear as the light of day.  I'm sick of crooks in government!!
Guess I'm a special interest bc that is EXACTLY why I voted for my senator. To get his ass to D.C.  & repeal ACA.Taxpayer=special interest?
I would ask why you're opposed to health care for millions, but the answer is likely that maxing your personal wealth is #1 priority.
SENATORS NEED TO WORK A FULL WORK YEAR LIKE THE CITIZENS THEY ARE SUPPOSED TO REPRESENT #SOCIALIZEDMEDICINE
You took my health coverage away when it became too expensive to afford. I had healthcare before government intervention. Not after.
Under the repeal of the Johnson amendment will it be possible for non-profit orgs like BCA to hold political events
I read that oh, so many many jobs will be lost, then these unemployed will be in line for jobs also
Senator how can they justify allowing Monsanto to poison ppl & planet and denying healthcare to manage disease created by Monsanto.
We're humans here...think less, feel more! It's big money or decency, that's all!
Big money-yes, let the freeloaders die.

Voters- no, healthcare is for everyone regardless of income.

Both party's struggle with the line.
The GOP's mission is to undo everything the black guy did, even if it's helping people.
Refusing to back single payer was a gut check moment for you. Leaving 28 mil w/o insurance and millions more with sky high deductibles.
Guess that's what 50 of them decided. And also decided their political fate. Thanks for the continued fight.
It is all about money going in their pockets and has nothing to do with the people!
if you tale ours away.. take yours away.. we pay for it
We pay for your salaries, all of your insurance and your pension..how dare all of you to vote to make our lives impossible without insurance
It's exactly what they were sent there to do by the millionaires who will benefit from a tax break.
By the donors? So it would seem. 

By the voters? Of course not.
That is assuming you be bought  into the moronic notion that # of people covered has any indication on the quality of a care system.
Isn't it ironic Senators voting to take health care away from the very people that pay for theirs.They think they are entitled and we aren't
Thank you Senator!!
Where are the brave statesmen in the GOP? Not a one just two women courageous enough to withstand vile trump &vindictive GOP
Sen Feinstein Is there a way to get a ballot measure requiring ALL polititions use the same HC they make us use?
yes
@CanadaHealthRR @JustinTrudeau should open clinics in . Just like we're free 2 buy foreign  we should be free 2 buy into foreign health.
It would allow 4 actual competition so prices go down.If US health cos are pullin out then foreign ones should fill the void. @SenSanders ??
Absolutely hopefully this decision was well thought out along with the reprucussions
Are you counting those that paid he penalty to not have Obummercare as those "losing" healthcare? Asking for a friend.
What congress needs is tell why they suddenly draconian on their own people: ISP id sale, HC, extending seizure; Winner jailed/Trump Free:(
Please keep fighting! We need the ACA to be repaired not replaced
Get government out of healthcare!  None of you care about people. It's all about control and power
This is one example - read the article. I wonder if anybody in Washington, actually know what's going on
Charging 38K for showing up at a tier level 3 trauma center - who.e a level 1 is charging 2k.
Annoying that Obamacare drove doctors into large practices that are abusing the industry http://www.tampabay.com/topics/specials/2014/trauma-centers.page …
I guess that depends on who paid for their campaigns.
Opposition party saying everything GOP is doing will kill people.......fear mongering is all they have left. Sad and pathetic. 
So true
I'd call it a heart-check moment as well.
Universal healthcare now!
Is suffering and pain to those in need the goal
The millions that lose health care will cost billions in the long run
It is exactly what many of those republicans believe they are intended to do. Their billionaire overlords have ordained it.
They were sent there to protect big corporate interests & fill pockets at the expense of the citizenry. Politicians don't care about us.
You need the courage to stand up for single payer. We should accept nothing less.
You want same ppl who R in charge of the most inefficiently run entity in the  to run ur healthcare? No thank u.
And we know that you and @SenKamalaHarris will support all Californians!
Please debate and listen to each other. Please please!
You took healthcare away from millions when you voted for Obamacare
Didn't bother you when you did it 7 yrs ago & called it "The Affordable Care Act"
You didn't give the "millions losing coverage" much thought when you & voted to shove Obamacare down American's throats.
It is what your GOP colleagues are paid to do by the Evil Koch Bros, the Mercers, Wynn and Adelson and others of their ilk
Take it away and let the free market run
Be honest. Tell us how many of those millions will be people actually not buying something the government is forcing them to buy now.
Is being exempt and not having to use #Obamacare  what you like the most about it?
Is giving a family 30k in premiums and deductibles before they can use their insurance what you like the most about #Obamacare ??
HERE IS YOUR MESSAGE TO DELIVER TO ALL ELECTED OFFICIALS. "YOU ARE CREATING AN ARMY OF PEOPLE THAT ARE GOING TO DIE AND NOW HAVE NO HOPE!"..
THERE WILL BE CONSEQUENCES! THE ELECTED OFFICIALS WILL NOT BE PROTECTED FROM THE PEOPLE! YOU ALL BROUGHT WHAT IS COMING ON YOURSELVES!" EM
Since @SenJohnMcCain says he'll vote against it I'm sure you'll take his place -- you've voted with @GOP on nearly every bill.
They were sent there to repeal Obamacare unaffordable insurance is not Healthcare it is taxation without representation. Repeal repeal
can't have a gut check if your gutless! #RESIST
@GOP @SenCapito @senrobportman is your convoluted old campaign promise more important than my life/millions of lives! And you r pro-life?
nothing pro life about the GOP- just a bunch of greedy old men
And you all applauded the man who dramatically flew in to cast the deciding vote and destroy American lives.
You were sent there to make our country better than it already is. Your job is not to make everyone dependent on the govt. #youredone 
Many physicians, here in NY, are not accepting new patients on Medicaid. How is that helping?
Yeah we sent them to kill us.... exactly
It will be a tough fight. You're battling every GOP member AND the wealthy men that control them.
It is morally wrong to deny us health care! We are better than that! We will persevere with women like you in office!!
They have forgotten where they come from and who they represent.
You act like they care about us. They don't. They'll take away R healthcare. We can't vote against them if they kill us first!
Sen Fein, pls open ur eyes. OCare only covers 10 million today when promise was 22 million! People can't afford high premiums & Deductibles!
Block it with a votearama until they agree to work with democrats in a committee as Seen. McCain suggested.
Well put but frightening assessment of the current state of government.  People not politics-this is life and death for millions. #resist
Yep, that's why they were sent.  Get rid of it!
If you love the USA the choice is clear. REPEAL!
Apparently #Obamacare was so good you and other Dem Senators exempted yourselves. How many in Congress lost their seats because of your vote
Keep acting like you care abt this while you voted to exempt yourself from it while our family negotiates our healthcare plan for next year.
. In 2017 6.4 million ACA enrolled versus some 337 million in US.  ACA is a blob of sweat on a nat.  You are useless.
Please just stop the charade already. Ocare didnt work and it is failing right when it was designed 2 to put single payer in we are not dumb
R' were sent there to give people the freedom to choose their health care, not be forced into single payer
Money for billionaires over AHC: I have never experienced this type of terrorism in my life: God help us!
Why do about 90% of us have to pay for what 10% want? Stop forcing something that is not a right in the first place. CA politicians suck. 
What about the Americans that can't afford to use their healthcare? Our tax dollars spent to help the poor-what about a break for us?
Reject evil. Stop them.
Sen. that question should have been asked 6yrs ago & we wouldn't be in this predicament, stop trying to protect a legacy & protect citizens
It is!  GET TO IT!
Still havent seen a single person explain how they are going to overcome not enough young people willing to subsidize the old and sick
Healthcare is not being taken away from them they would just hop out because they would not have to pay the penalty
Where are the #Democrats? Can't hear you! Make some noise  @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @SenSchumer @maddow @funder @TeaPainUSA
Than #STOP Agreeing W ANYTHING @GOP #trump puts in front of you!  Does Russia have you too @SenFeinstein?
Thank you for making me proud to be a Californian once again. Keep up the good fight!
Who can afford to use it? The thought of ACA was generous but no thanks. won't work for the majority.
what about the 60million who lost health coverage due to ACA extremely high n no Doctors would take it?? what U say bout that !!!
They did their searching and are happy letting the American people die!
1-Exactly @SenJohnMcCaln traveled 2K miles to vote for this shit It's party over country and FUCK the rest of America. He has a PE condition
No Dianne, u r confused. Millions lost their insurance when u passed obamacare. Passed w/out reading
They don’t care obviously. Stop making this emotional or you’ll never get what we need. This is abt money for the 1%. Go low and fight.
Right, tax cuts for the rich
It is sen Feinstein-a real gut check if this nation can afford trump & his atrocities. The entire trump WH must be removed.
#obamacare #ACA
How conveniently you forget. 
This, from January 14th, 2014.
Stop lying
@SenateGOP @SenateDems @SenKamalaHarris @VP @realDonaldTrump   YAY GOP. YOU PASSED A VOTE. LOOK AT YOUR PROUD AMERICANS!
If Senators want to be re elected or even to run for higher office I hope they listen to       the voice of Truth. Kasich seems to listen.
Obstruct, obstruct, obstruct! Dont allow anything on #45s agenda 2 come 2 vote & stop all of his judical nominees. Lock the doors! Sit in!
@AARP @AARPadvocates   IN THE MEANTIME PLEASE STOP PHARMA PRICE GOUGING.  THEY ARE KILLING RETIREES WHO CANT AFFORD OUR MEDS.
GOP has lost their way!  They do not care or listen to their constituents!  GOP is out of touch with their voters
Yes they are in touch with constituents. We fought hard to get majority and sent them to D.C. specifically to repeal ACA.
Ma'am, they've already decided. You think any of those "ayes" wil change? They're On Record. Just as the turtle Mitch wanted.
Guess we have our answer. Mitch will continue is hell-bent De-Obama-fication no matter what the cost.
This entitlement was never about healthcare and more about ruining the middle class.Your party primarily at the wheel.
I would say they would have those deaths on their conscious but they don't have a conscious.

They also need to realize that people will die from their decisions and those deaths will be the blood on their hands.
If you care about the millions losing insurance maybe you could use your profits from the insider trading to pay their expenses.
I'll bet Charlie Gard's parents wish they had their healthcare coverage taken away from them. #FreeMarketFreeChoices
There is no intestinal fortitude with republicans, as evident in lack of spoken word against Trumps antics! They don't have plan but had 7yr
Another lie Dianne and you know it's a lie. How about the millions forced to purchase Obamacare who cannot afford it?  You're a liar Dianne!

They already decided Feinstein.


You already took mine. Insured does not mean coverage. U cannot continue to screw people paying for Healthcare OUT of healthcare
I'd like to gut check a few of those bastards.
They were! By their Billionaire buddies!  Republicans could give a behind about people like myself. The AVERAGE American!
The republican senators have no conscience and they do not work for the american people. They could care less 4 millions w/out healthcare
What about the people harmed by the ACA?
Millions chose not to have it and millions will opt out.
Let's do a fact chec on that tweet. "Mostly false" Majority are not losses just people choosing not to get!
I feel so sick about this. When will they start thinking about people interests instead of their own? So sad.  @hpyblubrd
Please talk with capito
Guess "gut check" is the phrase du jour for Deplorable Dems.
How about letting people make their own effing decisions about health insurance and what kind of care they want?
Yes, it was
Any provisions made to our health care should also apply to the members of congress!
6.5 Million pay not to have Health Care under Obamacare.  CBO numbers are using the mandate to make it look worse. Cruz Amendment also helps
You didn't even say yes to debate to fix the crummy deal your party stuck is with.
You are the problem, ma'am.
Here we go HOW MANY MILLIONS this week
Holy Crap Batman Alzheimer's kicked-In. Obamacare successfully kicked Millions of Health Insurance to begin with. Plus made Care cost More

ACA is screwing our kids. & robbing them blind in the process.our kids are the ones who will have to eventually pay $$ for this clusterfuck
I could slam you with proof, hard numbers, facts, but we all know how that'd end. You'd scream "Fake News" just like your sugar daddy tRUmp.
Would you like to retract your past statements against Medicare for all & sign @SenSanders HC bill? Otherwise your words are empty
That's what Republicans were sent there to do by their wealthy donors
How does GOP sleep at night.
Repealing obamacare is EXACTLY what they were sent there to do
Shame on @SenateGOP  We will be coming for you at the next election!  Thankful for @SenFeinstein & @SenKamalaHarris
What is sad it is all about Obama being a savvy President.
No... he had swag and was cool. Never mind he lied about everything regarding ACA.  That MF was cool!
He being Obama?  blocked all help for ACA. Not sure what you mean?
Please add many amendments if that will help filibuster.
Lets hope that Senators like Susan Collins & You can keep fighting for the people!! You are our voices let us be heard!!
Keep leading The Resistance Senator Feinstein. Stop Trumpcare.
@aravosis  Repealing the ACA should be a red line. Let them know you won't work with them if they do. Fix ACA.
Hard to do a gut check with a bunch of gutless wonders.
Unfortunately I think they are willing to take it.  Even senators like McCain who gets great care but doesn't care about average americans.
Off topic but curious,couldnt sessions sue trump for creating hostile work environment&harrasment ? Hmm..its been witnessed by ALL
Obama care destruction is over
