didn't you vote to approve Pompeo? Re-election is around the corner. We're watching closer than ever.
Well having BEEN trained & exposed to actual waterboarding...I'm here to REFUTE your claims of ineffectiveness
Fact: If you do not obstruct everything, we will defeat you in 2018.
YES. I will make it my mission. I will not vote for @SenFeinstein again #OccupyDems #TheResistance
Why vote YES to confirm  #Pompeo? No excuses! If #Justtrump picked someone else who was worse than Pompeo U vote NO #resist
True! A pack of cigarettes, a beer or coke would get more results than any torture #ReadTheReport
Why are you voting for his cabinet picks??!?!? OBSTRUCT EVERYTHING! RESIST! COME ON, DAMMIT!
You voted yes on Pompeo. Pathetic rhetoric.
impeach Trump!!!!!  He has no regard for the law.
Vote no to Sessions and DeVos. - signed, a California voter 
@HEINSLERJAN @SenFeinstein  The absolute worst two nominated people in history. Insane likes insanity.
Fight all the nominations. I've called all your offices repeatedly and gotten recording or busy signal
Do you even read, @realDonaldTrump?
I can't get through to your office. Lines busy all day. Please do not vote to confirm Sessions.i am your constituent
You're awesome Marjorie. Email her! Share the link with others to email. Protest if you can! You're not alone by far!
Glad @SenFeinstein is now accepting emails.  Phones can't keep up with the volume of calls.
somebody should read the torture report into the record
I ask you to do more.  NOW time to take stand against tyranny, lies, racism, discrimination of all types, for health, environ
How about the fact that Mike Pompeo has called torturers 'patriots,' and yet you still voted in favor of his confirmation?
Why did you vote for Pompei if you feel this way?
Oh @SenFeinstein @Plantflowes so now I have to worry about law and facts too? This is soooo boring. I want a lollipop. #TrumpThoughts
I, too, am a constituent. Please vote no on Sessions, Devos, Price. I do not understand your support for this adminstration.
then why did you vote in favor of the guy that is pro torture to run the CIA? When I vote in 2018 I won't forget yours.
THEN WHY DID YOU VOTE FOR POMPEO?
unfortunately @POTUS doesn't know how to read.  Sad.
I CAN'T GET ANY OF YOUR FIVE OFFICES ON THE PHONE!!!!! SAY YES TO SESSIONS AND WE WILL PRIMARY YOU! (Hi @DavidKoechner.)
Thanks for Pompeo, then.
.@SenFeinstein And Pompeo? What was that? Hypocrite or senility - pick one., then leave the Dem party. Please.
Try reading Enhanced Interrogation
by James E. Mitchell Ph.D.  (or don't, and keep talking out your a**)
THEN STOP APPROVING TRUMP'S CABINET AND COMMIT TO A NO FOR SESSIONS!
Laws can be changed and torture absolutely works! So do armed Americans!!
Yet you voted to confirm Pompeo.
Thanks to you & your colleagues, we know the truth about how we tortured, & for no good reason! I love you.
Since you voted Pompeo in NOW is your chance to vote NO ON SESSIONS! #Standup or #RESIGN
Another reason we need USAG to uphold constitution and ensure civil rights. Please vote NO on Sessions. #stopsessions
yes they are why is Sen. Gillibrand the only one fighting for us & not voting for his cabinet?? 
How can we call your offices - busy signal or direct to recording, no ability to leave messages.
the powerful & the stupid have 1 thing in common, they don’t alter their views to fit the facts. They alter the facts to fit their views.
Then why did you vote Yes to confirm Mike Pompeo, who has a record of supporting torture?!?!?
No on Sessions.
I don't want Americans or innocent people tortured therefore I support international ban on torture.
fix your phones. we are all trying to call you. NO on Sessions, Devos, Price
I'm a California voter very disappointed by your votes to confirm DT cabinet. I ask you to vote NO on #BetsyDevos & Sessions.
do not confirm sessions as AG - no room for racism in our government
How did they get so much information from torturing the bad guys?
torture is unAmerican and has Proven to show those being tortured tell you what you want to make it end. I do not support this
.@realDonaldTrump @POTUS Pay attention and deal in Facts Now #resist #Resistance to resuming Torture! Never Again!
and yet you votes for Pompeo?!? Spineless.
NO ON SESSIONS! rumor is you are leaning toward a yes on this racist. CA voters are not OK with this. REPRESENT US PLEASE
perhaps you should clear out your message lines so your constituents can voice opinions..NO ON SESSIONS!! Investigate Trump!
have you ever seen a Muslim torture people?  I hope the President does his best to protect American lives and Christians.
I voted YES for you to vote NO for crazies. Stop letting CA & USA down. #TheResistance
#Resistance Senator, get focused on 
Impeachment!
please vote NO on Sessions, Price and DeVos! #Resist
See you in 2018
it might be against our law, have you looked into Muslim controlled countries? Terrorist organizations? Street hands?
vote NO on Sessions and DeVos. The rest of us in CA are working hard to #resist Trump, now it's your turn.
#NoOnSessions
Please stand up & vote NO on Jeff Sessions! If confirmed, Russia $$ to Trump & Kurshner & elect interfer plan will disappear!
NO devos
That's okay, Senator Feinstein. Let Trump screw up. Make sure McCain doesn't falter and stands up against him. Then, you can impeach him!
vote NO on all the appointments. 8 years of not working with us. Please don't work with them!!! Stand strong!
every single one poses a threat to our democracy in unique ways
why do you not oppose through voting against Trump nominees.
Facts ARE stubborn things. Illegal immigration is against the law.
There are elderly being tortured in Santa Monica, California both physically (gassing) and psychologically. PLEASE HELP!

Your constituents can't reach you. Are you hiding so you can vote 'yes' on DT's cabinet & say to us "we never heard from you"?
facts are a foreign concept to this man.
I can't get through to your office
Yet you keep confirming Trump's pro-torture cabinet nominees.
what if the use of torture was the only way to save your life
Jeff Sessions voted NO on Senate Anti-Torture amendment in 2015. Vote NO on Sessions as AG. #stopSessions
Stand behind your word and vote NO on Sessions.
Thank you for speaking out against torture!
Senator, please vote NO on Sessions!!
if your family member was kidnap and you had perpetrator, would you not use torture to get child back? I would.
@sfv_indivisible
Vote NO on Jeff Sessions & Betsy DeVos.
@adjordan yes, and by all means, confirm all his crooked nominees
And yet you voted for Pompeo, who has defended torture and those who have tortured as "patriots."
You may be right, but in extreme circumstances in defense of the realm, it may be as necessary as killing the enemy in war
opens the door to torture Americans.
how is it that Steve Bannon is able to be presidential strategist if he can't even qualify for a Secret Clearance?
Fact: your grip on reality--tenuous at best--is slipping with each successive "yea" vote for Trump's nominees.
Bet if trump tortured the policy would change torture him till he and pence resign trump a traitor liar mentally unfit ocd jrk
Vote no on Sessions.He may be pleasant and he may be your friend but he will not protect the rights of ALL citizens
vote no an all candidates listen to your constituents who voted for you and who you represent
vote no on session
you know what else is facts? SCIENCE which Trump is trying to do away with, FIGHT HIM THAT IS WHY YOU'RE IN WASHINGTON
Thanks for saying.
really? We're tortured everyday by your refusal to resign and go away.
I am in the 10th congressional district of CA and have voted 4 u 4 yrs. Please filibuster Trump's nominee for the Supreme Court.
Wrong! u have generalized it. It varies from person to person. Torture could help to extract info from a culprit @TarikNiazi
It's not really torture...it's intelligence gathering!
Then why did you vote to confirm Pompeo?
@NastyProud   Please do not support Pruitt, nor Sessions nor DeVos, nor Ross nor Mnuchin. Too many Russian cronies
good thing you're retiring; I'm your constituent and you lost my vote when you decided to vote yes for sessions
Please do not vote for Sessions.  His racism is well documented. He is not worthy of the office.
he's saying it works for eating vibes
the deal is for people to lose for egos to be soothed
he is a mentally retarded person who compulsively demands the most disappointing thing he can intuitively select
it creates a sense of quiet in the static near the injured and a sense of exhiliration in the neglectful provider,
which later creates an accumulation of quark goop and static that must then be disposed of
that's why the wackos like Fraken-Feinstein R so up in arms ovr trump enfrcing immigration laws-it will blow lid off scandal!
I'm not sure @realDonaldTrump can read. He gets his info from "the shows."
that = phony ID. Real name 4 illegal wasn't even close. Illegal wuz getting welfare, food stamps & register 2 vote as Dem-owit
Betty deVoos would be torture for our schools
I used to arrest illegals and check with source at SSI office who relayed to me that SSI# did not come back to the name I had!
pretty obvious why HRC had high votes in CA. Track down every CA ID or DL ppl with Latin name & see if what If I'm lying!
Then why did you vote yes on Pompeo?
wacko left dem-wits & Libs (w/puppet master Sorros) R told 2 protect illegals-so the votes will be there 4 the demo-wit party!
That hasn't stopped you The CIA NSA for the past 20 yrs. You didn't even care about the wire tapping until they tapped yours
Why are we not hearing more from the Democrats? #resist
As an officer I've seen buy fake Soc Sec# get u fake ID which gets u benefits & worse-u get to vote in US Election!! . . . .
U & ur party don't want Pres Trump taking action on Illegals cuz it would wipe out 1/2-2/3 of ur voting base in CA.....
yet you still confirmed Pompeo 
Hey Feinstein-I was an officer and watched the crooked shit u pulled in SF while u were mayor. I hV seen u do similar as Sentr
how about the torture that you support at UNplanned MURDERhood! How about you get the "healthcare" this Black Americans got!!
Do not continue to confirm his nominations CA will remember - we want to see opposition to these nominations show strength
Yeah Dem-wits & Libs don't want to see our enemies treated cruelly-they'd rather promote lawlessness & watch US Troops DIE!
.  Agreed.  Most importantly it is against the law.  It is also immoral and a violation of basic human rights.
Vote no on all of his nominees. Blanket no for blanket mediocrity.
Knowing this, please don't torture students & educators in our public school system by foisting the incompetent DeVos on them.
.@SenFeinstein You voted for pro-torture Pompeo. That's a fact, Senator. You're going to need to step us if you want us to come out alive.
please stop confirming his crazy candidates! Thanks
KellyAnn Conway said repeatedly nominees will do what Trump tells them!  Sorry I lost my train of thought earlier.
No respect for you
I agree...facts are stubborn things...the law is the law...and illegal is illegal...undocumented = Illegal
What difference do "facts" make when the senior Senator from Calif continuously folds to vote contrary to Calif principles?
@puppymnkey I adore you Sen. Feinstein, but did U suggest that @realDonaldTrump read something longer than a Snickers wrapper?
You have lied to us! You need to vote no on all cabinet noms! Don't be a traitor we were counting on you!
Counting on you to vote no on Cabinet Nominees, remember hearing say they will do what Trump tells them?!  He lies they can 2!
Senator it is time to start questioning LOUDLY and OFFICIALLY the mental health of the man who sits in the Oval Office.
Oh! To the contrary! Torture works! You and the rest of Calif. democrat leadership are killing me!!!
unhappy that you're not matching your actions to your words! Oppose Sessions, DeVos, Tillerson, Price, & the other nominees.
As a California voter I urge you to vote NO on Jeff Sessions.
We have an illegitimate traitor @POTUS! Do not enable him to destroy our country! Stop his cabinet to stop him!
oppose Sessions
then why did you vote for Pompeo? You better be voting NO on Sessions, Price & DeVos or planning to retire.
Well look who wants to preach facts! 
.@SenFeinstein hey remember when you voted to confirm Pompeo, who is pro-torture?
.@SenFeinstein then why did you confirm Pompeo.  I am so disappointed in @TheDemocrats.  Nobody is trying to stop Trump or his minions.
what about Pompeo??
vote no on Sessions!
Racist AGs don't work either! @SenFeinstein @StaceArey
@puppymnkey it's not against the law for Team America: World Police
Thank you. Please vote agains all appointments!
.@SenFeinstein Jeff Sessions voted NO on Senate Anti-Torture amendment in 2015. Vote NO on Sessions as AG. #stopsessions
Too racist 4 80s. See Coretta King's letter. Too racist and bad history 4 AG. Vote No on Sessions.
Vote No to Sessions!
How about all of us that never took a battlefield, fought a war or been held captive leave it 2 those who have 2 say
#ReleaseTheReport All of it.
Senator Feinstein, I vote , do not send Sessions to work against us..we here you might be caving ???DONT !
just don't confirm his cabinet picks!
YOU VOTED FOR POMPEO
