Thank you @SenFeinstein, @KamalaHarris for your tireless work to protect the health of all Americans. We are with you in this fight.
Keep pushing #Obamacare & get voted out. #VoterReform is coming & getting rid of non-citizen votes! We're taking back OUR freedom!
Thank you for fighting for us.
49 #REPUBLICANS ARE #FIRED #WETHEPEOPLE WILL REMEMBER YOUR COWARDLY VOTES ON #ACA
So Sen Fein, since OCare is financially ruining people and jeopardizing their health since they can't afford 2 use it- Who is killing who?
If congress had to go on Obamacare they would repeal it.
@lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins @SenJohnMcCain Thanks  4 being great humans & great leaders Blessings & may God help all of you in your needs
You mean like the #Democrats did with #ObamaCare ??
Thank you for your relentless efforts, Senator Feinstein. Truly. 
It betrays their oath to serve.History has its eyes on them and on all of you. Ryan lies; Conf. "private" promise is a lie. Destroying hcare
Speaking of liars......Where's Hillary?
I wonder what will be considered life and death in another 8 years
We saw Social medicine with #CharlieGuard=Death Panels. Same under Obamacare in USA now! Damn pharmacy techs decide what insurance covers!
Like Kate Steinle's law, sanctuary cities, hi premiums, HC bill built on lies, 8 yrs of lawlessness, open borders, Solyndra, stimulus bill?
Yes you all need to deal with the same HC as your constituents. You'd all have a less cavalier attitude and a more urgent need to resolve!
Put congress on Obama care or give us the same insurance as you have. Simple fix for insurance.
.....and the people who are paying the most no longer have the money to pay the deductible and are unable to use the expensive ins they buy
Omg really.people you have been http://duped.read  Ominous Alliance.https:\\http://www.artisanvintageworks.com .please wake up.
Y don't U have same plan I have?? Kind of hypocritical that Congress gets exempt & gets special plan & I get whatever crap U put together!
If no one can afford it or there is no providers, who can use it?  Obamacare was horrible for most and wonderful for free loaders
How many people died pre-Obamacare?
We all always had healthCARE senator. Obamacare was giving Ins to some at the expense of others losing theirs.
TOO BAD Democrats created such a HORROR SHOW plan (aka Obamacare), when they were in the driver's seat.
The inability to adapt to changing conditions ultimately leads to extinction in all species who are not open to life.
Like when Nancy Pelosi said you had to pass it to know what was in it
Thank you for standing up for what you know is right! #Trumpcare  would kill millions, me included.
Why did Obamacare cost tier 4 meds (cancer drugs) So MUCH more? 1000% increase! U elite make me sick! You know nothing of REAL AMERICANS!
you haven't lived up to your obligation to the american people in years.
Please Senator, this is the time to use your extraordinary LEADERSHIP, WISDOM and POWER. You have forged relationships leverage THEM NOW!
all lies from liberals
Like and agree... but do YOU agree that it is never going to work until we go to Single Payer and get the wealthy to pay their fair share.
Perhaps ALL of our representatives in Congress should vote based on how the bill would work for them, not the special deal they have now.
They are betraying us and we won't forget it if we get another election they will be out
California will have to go it alone.
@SenateGOP CALIFORNIANS PROMISE U THAT WE WILL VOTE OUT EVERY @GOPHouse REP IN CA STARTING W @DarrellIssa. #TheResistance
Please standup for All Americans!
Do something!
Fossil fuel is a matter of life and death and in California you want less of it. You are betraying your obligation to do no harm.
Senator, you might as well go to bed.  This is just the beginning of the dismantling of America.
A little too laid back. Get a megaphone. Be outraged. Sit in. Sit out. Do something.
Then DO SOMETHING
@SenJohnMcCain @JohnCornyn @SenMikeLee @SenatorFischer @PatRoberts @SenatorBurr @SenatorWicker @SenatorLankford @SenJohnBarrasso @SenateGOP
They're cavalier about the Healthcare vote.Yes,they'd vote for it if Ryan meets with them and conferences with them. America,we've been had.
thank you
They have never cared about the American people. Only money matters to them
The @SenateGOP have sunk to a new low. I hope they do not recover from this. There will be some stupidity in people casting votes, sadly.
The @GOP doesn't give a shit about everyday Americans. They only care about their big $$ donors & other rich people. We'll remember in 2018.
Repubs are very self serving.  It's a me,me,me mentality. The hell with the rest of us.
How bout you use the health care Obama and you dummy gave use. Then talk shit.
Over dramatic B.S. scare tactics.
...we're on the eve of Destruction!
It's pretty clear that Republicans are only obligated to the Koch agenda,a few moderates,notwithstanding.The ppl seem to be in their way.
A matter of accountability and reducing wasteful spending.
What obligation? Healthcare is a commodity, not a right. Need a full repeal of the ACA.

And thank you @SenFeinstein for your doggedness! You are an American treasure!
I can't imagine what people who have disabilities or are sick/have sick kids are feeling right now. The @SenateGOP Is terrorizing them.
Healthcare is a matter for the individual state. The federal government needs to get the hell out of it
Disgusting what they are doing. GOP is perverting our govt process!  I'm outraged!!!
They figure they have theirs so who else matters?
The Skinny Repeal would leave an additional 16 million Americans w/out healthcare coverage! #ResistRepeal  #Resist
If Sen.McCain votes for this "Skinny Repeal"Bill then he is a lier and his speech he made on Tuesday was just a Reality Show".
Support single payer
Drama queen 
Thank you for fighting for our Healthcare!!!
You insist on locking up adults over non-toxic flowers, so what's that about obligation to the people?
#FullRepeal .  We don't want government in our medical care.
Betrays the Constitutional democracy and all those that died in every area of public life making America.
absolutely!
Why can't we put this matter directly to the American people as a national referendum?  Should HC be a right or privilege? #HCquestion
In America corporation's are people too.  Seems like that's a problem since they have a voice but can't get a fever
How can they vote for a bill they don't want the House to pass? Every yes vote should be met with a recall campaign.
Perhaps life-long politicians lose perspective on what matters?
WHAT ABOUT SINGLE-PAYER????
Look for an article to explain -it was voted down this afternoon.
In a supposedly funny (not) game move byRepublicans. Waste of time & taxpayer money. Disrespectful move by Republicans to American people.
Never forget the disrespect today by Repubs. #VoteBlue #2018 #2020
What about disrespect by dems the last 8 yrs! The rest of country went red for a reason! Not constitutional to force buying ins!! #FREEDOM
Gif of what republicans are trying to do with American Health Care then 2018
Of course none of these changes will affect the Senators healthcare plans right? This is why yours needs to be the SAME AS OURS!
The GOP only serve themselves.
EXACTLY!  I read that Cruz was even mentioning how fun this all is.

228 years of Senate traditions and legislative norms out the window. This should be in committee not on the floor of the Senate
And the idea of passing a bill in the hopes of "fixing" it in committee is beyond insane. It's deception, Ryan will vote and send to Trump.
They treat my future as if it is meaningless...#keepACA
Have the Democrats gone to the Republicans and said let's work on a bill together? And not go on with this skinny repeal.
Every dem who gets up to speak begs Rethugs to do just that
it is time to bring the bucanneers to heel...
Freedom Caucus is Tryin, purposeful contradiction in politics causes illegal influence on policy

Freedom kills US; A Republic is logical
#GOP is worried more about the #kochbrothers than their dwindling constituency. 
It is strange indeed
Thank you for standing with us on this issue.
Please answer why you haven't done a thing to fix it in 7 years. You stood by and let us suffer. and now all you do is fight.
Well said! Thank you for fighting for the American people! #ProtectOurCare
Single Payer
They voted on single-payer and several Democrats voted against it.
Only one rep. Rendon from the assembly had the power to stop it. Paid off by ins. Companys
you need to get off twitter. " obama care kiled my dad.
Obviously they feel no obligation to the American people. We have no reason to allow them to continue to represent us.
No Dianne, it betrays the gop's obligation to the American people.  Don't lump yourself in with them. You're better than that.
2 demands:

1. Single Payer
2. Retire
Too late, Democrats already did.
Absolutely BE your own unique self... NOT A TRUMP Putin PUPPET! or @GOP non spine follower to a bully! We the REAL people are with YOU!
U get yourself and your family on Obamacare then we will talk
GOP loves death. They send soldiers to die in fake wars, allow polluters to poison the environment, and throw millions off health programs.
American people or your illegals?
Thank you Senator Feinstein. Thank you for standing by us.
It's my life and to toss healthcare back and forth like a frisbee with knowledge that it's atrocious 
I can't believe this is happening.
Has it been enough yet?
Strike ~ Occupy
They don't care about health they care about wealth.  They are beholden to the Koch brothers & big pharma.  They feel safe in their seats.
THE AMERICAN PEOPLE PAY A HEAVY BURDEN! THEY PAY THE MOST TAXES OF ALL NATIONS! THEY DESERVE AT THE LEAST A SYSTEM THAT PROTECT THEIR LIVES!
Democrats want everyone to have health care. Republicans want everyone to have guns. That so many people R is an absurdity and a travesty.
Sorry hon, ya'll did that about 8 years ago.
They will continue to betray us as long as they keep looking the other way and excusing 45's behavior. They need to stand up for the people.
z
you have all betrayed your obligation to the people many times over; enough with the pablum, just lead already....
What about parliamentarian's review?
We are fortunate that their petty, fuck-the-poor infighting keeps them from organizing properly.
It's about votes
Absolutely! Skinny my a$$.
GOP are so cruel
