Is this the system Hitler used to take over Germany.?People turned a blind eye to him too. Trump & Wht sup are anti American
Trying to change the constitution again, Senator?? You belittle them on their choice of religion already!  Shame!
She didn't belittle ANYONE. Constitution provides for sep. of Church & State. GOP wants to mix 'em. She's the one following our Constitution
Wrong!  It gives us relief from having a certain National Church provided by govt.  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Separation_of_church_and_state_in_the_United_States …
Our founders wisely knew beliefs are personal, variously interpretive, so were not to be dictated by the state in a democratic republic.
" forbids a religious test as a requirement for holding a governmental position"  https://www.google.com/search?q=article+6+of+the+constitution+summary&rlz=1C1ASUT_enUS572US572&oq=Article+6+&aqs=chrome.2.69i57j0l5.6887j0j8&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8 …
so read the story of what she said
All three branches are going down the tubes. Pls DO something!
Judicial nominees. Where are women nominees? That's my concern here!!
Mame, I learned of you when I was a military spouse 70's at nas Alameda. I will still claim 2day u are a calming force. Me2. Ty. Yes m consv
You never said anything was about you.
Odd the Dems never did that.
#FakeNews alert
We really need this, isn't that conflict of interest
Thank you Captain Left Wing for that biased commentary
I'm with Sen. Feinstein, we cannot give this power to the president.
Really....Dianne like the Democrats on your side did ?? Stop whining with your hypocrisy and do your job !!
@SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP @SenateDems Never in our History have we had a more dishonest, disruptive, corrupt Senate. Changing the rules to
2-to get what they want in undemocratic. There s/b a new rule, that no rules are changed without a 60 majority vote & change can't
3- take place for 6 months. That would stop this madness
A seat at the table, maybe, but not a blackball card.  Nobody should have a blackball card except the President, whoever that is at the time
Congrats protest voters. You gave away the judicial system for a lifetime. You can’t say we didn’t warn you. #GrowUp #demwave2018
No because any law you change can be undone.
We can’t remove the justice in the #stolenSCOTUS seat. He’s there for life. 
What CA should worry about gas tax, illegally making CA a sanctuary state, imploding infrastructure, Browns veto of Power line safety bill?
That power line safety bill that he vetoed could have prevented the devastation in Nor Cal. 
Why suggest this now? Why not under Obama. Oh right, our president is a Republican.  You are very transparent.
And you are blind if you only see Rep or Dem and not America
Why change now when it doesn’t suit the dem party. Live with policies the way they have been for generations.
For sure not left wing. Y'all are only interested in hate and division. God I pray your state votes you out.
Dems are racists and KKK.
You should never have any say. Time for you to retire. You are perfect example of need for term limits.
You haven't done your job in years  and they all can't be leftist sorry dont work that way
Why does the GOP always change the rules half way through the game when they are afraid they will lose? They have no concept of fairness.
They can't govern and they know they are losers so must CHEAT. They admire cheaters & elect cheaters. The party of thugs & cowards
If it's a federal judgeship, the state should have no say in the matter!
So it was totally ok when it was your team doing it? #Hypocrisy
Stop with your bullFeinstein. Like Planned Parenthood (Murder Factory) didn't have a say with Sotomayor? You are too senile. Retire pls
Then do something about it Senator
Wrong thing to do!
What does being from the same state as a judicial nominee have anything to do with it?
Why is one person in picture is so scared 
Did you ride the SHORT bus, uh I mean WAGON back when you were in school? Do you not understand the CONSTITUTION? DEMS went NUCLEAR FIRST!

The least impressive cow in the Dems pasture Says Moo!
Just want to thank you for seeking reelection.  We need your leadership more than ever before!
It's almost as if the Republicans changed the rule book or something...
There all just crooks
Omg
Wrong again the people should have THE SAY not the government.
@CNNPolitics @MSNBC how is Feinstein against free speech
Donald Trump has Alzheimer's
How about when they refused to even hold a hearing on M. Garland nomination for over a year? How did you feel about that?
That would just lead to more currupt Senators.  We;re trying to drain the swamp, not feed it.
I say #FireWashington! They're all dirty!
It's a mystery where the SC went:  https://youtu.be/3TSktJeimjE  @NancyPelosi @KamalaHarris @SenGillibrand
How does it feel to be obstructed ? Taking care of those Calif. fires all up to you. Pelosi focused on PR and Virgin Islands !
No they shouldn't. When rogue judges in the 9th legislate from the bench it affects us all.
Ur wing don't count anymore-
You’re just upset that Obama didn’t have that power. LOL... “MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN”!!!
.@SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski Americans r suffering from derangd WH, natural disasters, domestic terrorists-Plz stand 4 us
Don’t be a pushover go for the jugular or de León will take your seat.
Get out of the way. Dont drag Dem thru nastiness.  You shoulda been mentoring emerging leaders this whole time.  Lead from behind.
I'll bet you wish you guys would have won the election, did don't you. LOL
Thats not obama did
The United States Senate is for the United States, Dianne, not California, not Nebraska, not a single State.  Read the Constitution ditz.
Pushing your own writing as proof you are right?  Wow, you and Mitch need to retire, now.
I agree
Republicans aren't afraid to play hardball, and dems need to learn to do the same...
OMG. How biased can you be?! You think a left wing bias is ok?!  Your Alzheimer’s is showing. Do not run again!
What you really mean is you really want to keep all those liberal judges in place, well too bad u lost we are taking back the country
So how come you were fine when Obama did it
Well since you want to get technical - Senators should be appointed, not elected & only serve 3 terms maximum. Not left wing groups either
Mitch will cave in in a snap.
Why DOES GOP give potus more power?He proves, by his words & actions, that HE DOES , NOT UNDERSTAND ANYTHING ABOUT World, USA or govn. WHY?
Always want to change the rules when you lose....Come on, give me an answer to that.
you want to stack the deck with alt lefters
Nope
They absolutely should.

Get rid of this menace please. Impeach.
What about lefties like u?
Why didn't you mention Harry Reid he is really the one who ruined everything with the nuclear option.
Democrats should try to help the American people.
Or left-wing groups... Quote your favorite idols. ELECTIONS HAVE CONSEQUENCES
No, Dianne. Many wonder why the 9th circuit is just as liberal as California democrats. CA dem senators shouldn't have Senatorial Courtesy.
Why is it that every photo you see with mcconnell looking at trump, he looks like he's havong an orgasm? Creepy.
What about all the left wing whacked judges Obama picked?
@SenJohnMcCain This
The bill, HR3282 support it
McConnell failing senate leadership is why Bannon and Trump thing they can control congress.  There is a limit to partisan games.
Should left wing groups?
That's how we end up with douschebags!
It has always been that way. There is no reason to approach this. Almost, sounds like a distraction for something else
Only way to beat yourself with better odds, through Parlamentary strategies.
Same as the Repubs do. Why stop now, put a wrench in everything? Always better it seems when nothing gets done - too much tinkering.
Same people in Congress for almost a half century - place almost senile?
Out of touch and too corrupted, generational gap so wide, you represent yourselves, whatever that means.
Not only that, a threat to national security with a Congress befallen to dementia.
Becoming a convalescent home for seniors?
With all the Perks?
Too easy to be subverted by foreign powers, contractually, everything should be void due to incompetency.
Are you kidding me?  It's bad enough you have any say in our laws.  If anything, I want you as far away from judge selection as possible!  Its called checks and balances....duhhhh.
Why....is the GOP trying to destroy our democracy...
What have you been smoking???45 is not repairing ANYTHING...the GOP and 45 are tearing apart our democracy only helping the 1% not the mc...
Reagan was a piece of sh-t. Take a history lesson.
Sorry Babs, but that's not how it works.  You are just a senator.  Do the job you already have.
Did you forget too mention it was unconstitutional an illegal for Obama to sub's insurance companies.  Court ruled it unlawful.
Shoulda thought of that before having the Hildabeast as your candidate.
Does Russia get a seat at the table too? Congress are you listening ?
oh
Not dangerous We the conservatives choose Judges who UPHOLD the constitution and the law of our nation. Liberal DON"T Look at California
Look where the past has gotten us what's wrong with you
So sit down Di. What’s stopping you?
Racism and loss of women’s rights will now be law!
Californians against liberal judges who won't rule according to the laws.
It’s up to Congress to stop this dangerous, moronic, vicious dictator. Do that job!
You're just bummed you can no longer sell a judgeship to enhance your personal wealth.  Swamp Thing Feinstein
Of course,change the rules when things aren’t going your way.Sooner or later Congress, you will Findthat thepeople actually want you to work
Boo hoo hoo 

Maybe if hypocritical democrats didn’t try 2 block every single thing president Trump attempts 2 do this wouldn’t be an issue!
St fu mo Ron 
Yeah right like you dems ever did that
Please both sides to the same thing
Frightening.  Pleas FIGHT this horrific agenda.  #45 must be ousted.   IMPEACH.  #notmypresident
Horrifying that California & other states may get judges solely picked by Trump. An end to be willing to submit to rule of law?
her and Nancy Pelosi Pelosi should go into the nursing home together and be roommates and play with each other
These Anti Poor Pro War Right Wingers piss me off.. They care about nobody! 
How about judges that follow the law.
Republicans need to be careful of what they ask for because eventually things will turn..
I doubt it
You mean good liberals should have a seat !
Or left wing hacks
Obstructionist? Look who’s calling the kettle black! You need to resign.
Dems didnt’t block Repub input on Obama judges even when GOP blocked almost all his nominees. Dems value democracy & Const. above “winning”
 that's a lie
Look it up. #factsmatter
Fascism at its best




Rs have been doing this for 50 years while Ds let them get away with it & were too spineless to appt. real liberals to SCt when had chance.

I've read this article a few times.  Thanks for keeping us abreast of the inner workings and corruption of this Administration. Good read.

You forfeited that right when you failed to participate in good faith.supported Reids use of the nuclear opt, now you want bipartisanship ?
Mrs. Feinstein. You do realize that Congress and the Senate are dominated by Republicans? Are you saying that only democrats should chose?
Again, I ask, why are Dems not screaming, protesting, on the steps of congress. I see NOTHING but meaningless tweets.  ie: Act like Repubs
Right wing...LOL...when Lucifer was cast from heaven..the Lord made sure he had no wings to return!
Right. Like you wouldn’t all left wing if it were a liberal in office. Spare the mockery.
No because we get the 9 th circuit court. Leftist judicial activism will be crushed.
Your Far Left radical party is not needed
I agree
So sickened by the #CorruptGOP Can't trust them to do anything that benefits America. No ethics or morals just greed. #VoteThemOut
You weren’t arguing that point when Obama was in office, also, it’s offensive to call Conservatives right wing
Obama never ever did this crap.
Diane, is it true your running for Office in Mexico ?? Can you make a comment
So much for having a fair shake in life    Equal rights Forever
You totally blew it when you applied an illegal religious test to Federal Appeals Court nominee Amy Coney Barrett! You should be embarrassed
Sorry Senator - Michigan's 2 Senators don't represent the people. Primary was win for Bernie, General was win for Trump. Sorry, NO
But it was different when Obama was president right?keep harboring those illegals criminal… Prison will eventually find you Feinstein
If voters in CA could see all the contracts she has funneled to her husband, they would run her out of the state!
McConnell is as dangerous a GOPer as any w exception of Ryan; they rank even! THIS IS A DANGEROUS move & can't be allowed.
You mean you
THIS is a BIG DEAL.
elections have consequences.....retire already, fool
Weren't left leaning groups in the middle of that same table during Obama's failed legacy? Smh
You had no problem whatsoever with Liberal Judges.
https://fivethirtyeight.com/features/dianne-feinsteins-senate-seat-may-no-longer-be-a-sure-thing/ …
@GOP complicit treason,danger nukes, inciting racist NRA domestic terrorism, sabotaging ACA, corrupt lying #NoConfirmations #nullify2016
"Inciting NRA domestic terrorism?? What proof can you offer to make that leap?
Truthmatters? What a joke.
