Let's be clear: This bill would intentionally break individual insurance markets nationwide.
Let's also be clear: What Republicans are seeking is the destruction of health insurance itself, of *any* kind.
Let's be clear: This bill would intentionally break individual insurance markets nationwide.
there is no free beer insurance is a priveledge not a right look at how obama pushed it through as affordable healthcare.
Exactly. Insurance companies are risk control people. Not noble philanthropist. Create a government socialized medical program 4 poor.
And leave the "insurance companies" to figure out how or if they can do business. Figure how to get health care costs down not ins premiums
.@SenFeinstein Uh, my premiums are already set to increase 9% NEXT YEAR, and that's the lowest it's been. Where's the promised savings?
As a german, I'm still absolutely confused on how the US healthcare system works. I just don't get it...
You know how Europeans try to take care of both the rich and poor sick? Yeah none of that garbage here, survival of the richest baby!! 
We dont have death panels to decide who lives and who dies.
We don't have them either in the Britain. Are there any countries which have death panels because I don't even know what one is?
Judge rules Great Ormond Street hospital can withdraw life support for Charlie Gard after doctors say he has brain damage. Death panel.
And your solution would be?
The solution in the UK is the same as it would have been in the US. Children are not property of parents, they are humans with human rights.
Why don't we take an approach everyone pays x% of gross earning to pay for health care, which includes the 1% of the population very wealthy
This would allow coverage for all, no one should be exempt no even the wealthy.  Doctor would be paid Farley for services,   Pharmacy
For many that may be one check or more. Looking st some proposal out there the cost of coverage would equal my retirement plus part of ssa
What you're missing is CBO assumes no change in consumer behavior. Ins cos would NEED to adjust in order to grow markets. AND no mandate! 
We HAVE to inform the people HEALTHCARE IS PROFITABLE & LAWMAKERS CARING ABOUT PROFITS MORE THAN WHAT IS PROFITABLE IS WRONG!
@bcharmz let it implode and explode. Not a Republican problem.
Here's a link to actually read it since you're lying about it again. https://www.cbo.gov/system/files/115th-congress-2017-2018/reports/52371-coverageandpremiums.pdf …
Your definition of increase means it will not decrease. That's wrong.
This "skinny" is as fake as all lose weight quick schemes.
Well skinny died. Now get on your thinking cap a come up w bipartisan plan.
What's wrong with these people? What happened to the deocracy?
mine already went up 300% for 2017 no income increase, so whats your point
Don't lie!!!!
Yes, please #SaveTheACA ! The overwhelming majority of Americans want to keep the ACA and have Congress work in bipartisan way to fix it!!
And next two years for 60% in 3 years. Death panel is the GOP
@mcspocky I will have to waive insurance through my employer. It will not be affordable.
Remind me how much premiums increased by for many Americans? Wasn't it something like 25%?
Well, I hope "Cult 45" will be happy, because I am NOT!
Please stop this. There must be something the Dems can do. How can this procedure be real?
20% next year, and every year after.  They apparently want Americans to literally die from lack of care.
Look, I'll take a 20% increase until the elections in 2018 if it gets rid of the Republicans once and for all. Maybe it will take deaths.
Vote noooo
My premiums in SF, CA under ACA have increased every year MORE THAN 20%. 
What's your point?
We can not afford 20% hike in premiums!
Make it 40%
Good! Just in time for mid terms!!!
DEBORAH, THAT CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET PREMIUM INCREASE IS POCKET CHANGE COMPARED TO WHAT YOU LIBS. DID WITH THE $790,000,000. BOND INCREASE !!!
@seanhannity Obama care is up 50% in some states and most exchanges failing ! Dianne you don't know what your talking about ! Ca GOP voter!
GOP on tv lying about rate increases.
BREAKING: My insurance premiums doubled after the ACA, and my deductible skyrocketed.
They are the Pros!
Stop them!
You are 87 years old, why have you not yet retired?
Why can't the CBO tell the congress what needs to be done to reduce the premiums they seem to say everything preposed will increase them
If that is what they vote for, they have to live with that vote.
That is not acceptable
#FakeGOP POTUS & Senators confuse stealing from the public as being #conservative. Is this what my Republican friends stand for? No way.
What ? Omg!! We are already paying 
Some in Alaska have under OCare 200%
Repeal this disaster immediately you hear me Dianne this is unacceptable for america and freedom of fear Bullshit Obama...
Don't pass this bill, house just invoked martial law.  You cannot hope for them to stop this.
Remind them that if they make this vote they officially own the ACA and all it's faults and all the faults they create with this Trumpcare
Not good at all!  We the People want ACA the way it is with only a few things changing like lower monthly payments, lower deductibles, etc.
FckMe!  I already pay $2K/mo. #RepealTheGOP
The CBOhas been covfefe before.  Who had the biglyest wins and the biglyest crowds and he biglyest ice cream?
The biglyest cheater.
ACA is not perfect, but it's better than the alternatives. #SaveACA @realDonaldTrump
Why can't everyone pay premiums with b4 tax $$? Right now only employed and self employed can.
RETWEET this, please!
Trump&Repubs only goal is destroy Obama Legacy and give money to 1%ers. Obama goal was healthcare for all and not tied to a job!
Fight! Kill the bill!
The only thing "skinny" about this RepubliCON SHAM is the teeny-tiny conscience it takes to even fathom such cruelty.
#PartyOfNoValues
Boy, my take is that we have Extreme Stupid negotiating with Extreme Stupid on both sides of isle, while Pres Trump tries to manage a Gov'mt
Now we finally know why it's called the "skinny" repeal -- you won't be able to afford to eat after paying your premiums!!
And your idea won't increase cost either!  Your already screwed it.
So, a 80-120% decease from what it would have increased to?
Right in time for mid-terms. Since self enrichment is the only motivation for GOP in congress they should think about that for a moment.
Senator Feinstein. Are you still against Universal Coverage aka Single Payer? If so, then isn't it time you get a primary challenger?
So how much will they increase without the repeal?
Let's be clear its not about health its about dying young
Anything to fuck over the American people in favor of the 1%
And 16 million to lose health care.

now GOP calling it "right to choose" it is the right to choose junk, unaffordable, or no healthcare
Bad
You're not done yet. Get in front of every microphone snd camera and scream this out loud
Thanks from Michigan for all that you have done and fought for!
Is that 20% more from the increase that was already going to happen?
No, get rid of the ACA and replace it with #MedicareForAll. Or do you get too much $$$ from insurance companies to care about poor folks?
Stupid Mitch and Paul Ryan! They in in over their heads!!!!
Has to b the stupidest thing they have done yet. Just fix it instead of making a big deal out of it. GOP=Drama Kings This is embarrassing
We need to follow UK and Canada if we want true healthcare for all Americans
Premiums will always increase. They are the profit margins of greedy insurance companies. Nationalize healthcare and we will have no probs
All your data is perverted and nothing but twisted truth. You claim to be Christian but you do not follow the Biblical truth.
Let's not forget what happened to pricing under the George W. Bush administration. Big insurance will set and fix prices.
Being in my 50's with a cancer survivor spouse, I would be happy with only a 20%. Something tells me it would be significantly higher.
Yea 20% then pre existing cancer fine on one bill it was 114000 per year on top of premium
So less of an increase than last year!
How much did our co-payments go up this year???
Going to investigate the new scandal on GPS fusion and Democrats colluding with Russia... Dianne?Let's see how honest you will investigate!
So NOW all of a sudden you're concerned w/ prices going up & choices dwindled? U didn't seem 2 care when O'care raised my Deductible & rates
How much will obamacare increase premiums?
It's better than Obama care! Why are you people at this time appearing so caring all of a sudden, when you didn't give a hoot before?
What have you done to assure ALL Americans get HC in the 50 yrs you've been in congress?! Not a Damn Thing! #Medicare4All #VoteThisTrickOut
Does GOP care?  They voted to keep their insurance and not be in the trumpcare market.  Totally think they could give two shits about us.
@senrobportman Have you seen what the "skinny repeal" will do? Please vote no on skinny repeal! Americans can't afford this bill.
Mines going up 300% in September under the current bullshit you guys passed
20% vs 50%
obamacare would raise it 50%!!11
and what health care plan do you and other members have??? Obamacare, not, so what improvements do you have for health care
I already pay 25% of my income in premiums alone! Help!
BREAKING: our healthcare system if the Republicans pass their bill
They named it #SkinnyRepeal to remind you that the #GOP cares about your waistline, so you'll have to choose: food or #healthcare?
I would not be able to afford it then. Would have to go without. Thought prices would go DOWN @POTUS! Another lie, another con.
Senator,Democrats should provide alternative skinny overhaul that brings down premium based on our suggestions for Budget Office contrastion
I, like many others, will be forced to go without and take my chances.
Is that the only numbers you follow?
#skinny isn't skinny on our wallets
Removing the mandate allows young & healthy who can't afford this AWEFUL Law to drop their insurance. You should have voted to #Repeal !
Real question is how many people will now go uninsured once the unaffordable mandate Is removed. Obstructionist's should have voted #repeal
In order to pass a Single Payer system we would have to rewrite the Constitution. The only way legally is to keep ins company's in place...
Open the market and remove "state lines" so insurance company's can compete. They currently have monopolies in half the country.
I also believe the Obamacare Mandate is 100% Unconstitutional. You can't make us buy a good/service from any private party.
They claim it's all about saving us money, so how is 20 better while losing 16million insured citizens?
Can't afford it
They want that money to pass on to the well to do in tax breaks. People that live very well without those tax breaks .greedy selfish aholes
@MSNBC @NBCNews @ABC @CNNPolitics @FoxNews Under reported: The public has a right to know.
Why don't the republicans be honest. About the repeal and spell it outs instead of trying to con people  simple they want billions out
It's too late. Damage is done. We need to gain back people trust and serve "the many" not "the few". Only then we could fix what's broken.
Oh, that's what #mooch meant when he compared #trump to #Lincoln. 

*shrug* Abolishing slavery, abolishing affordable premiums...No diff...
How can u criticize when Obama lied to the American public to sell the crappy ACA? Remember "it will lower premiums by $2500/yr" Laughable.
When you demercrats voted Obama Care into law you knew it would break insurance market's. The only fix is free market. Not government.
Hello senator no matter what premiums are going up. Obama Care was design to fail so demercrats would get single payer.
But that's not cheaper!
@ObamaFoundation if @SenateGOP passes this, start insurance comp 4 Dems. Obamacare. Fitness tips from MO. You'd put insurance industry OOB.
Kick their butts senator
It's not skinny, it's more like the fatty
How about Catastrophic Criminal Congress Insurance? GOP could care less about collateral damage or harming innocents.
If Republicans want it really bad, you know it's a HEIST!
If you repeal the individual mandate, less healthy folks in the risk pool to offset cost of sick folks.  Insurance 101.
Thank you for your hard work, including these alerts
@SMShow single payer now! Or lose your democrat cred
Guess I'm not upgrading my HDHP, or contributing more to my HSA
@realDonaldTrump I can't afford a 20% increase or no ins. At all. I'll die.I don't want to die. I just got my life back.
Let them know the whole country will support their opponents if they vote to repeal.#HealthCareVote
Got out of the healthcare business period we're going broke taking care of lowlifes, and why don't you have the same an as us?
Let's prioritize our national needs and pass a budget, tax cuts and health care rates simultaneously. Let the dependencies shine through.
Effective premiums. Maybe for certain tax rates u don't have to meet the 10% of income rule for medical deductions. Let's say make it 1%.
Is there a way to combine all the bills relating to the national finances? I'm thinking that ya'll could change tax laws to reduce the
What's the skinny on no change? Do the premiums increase? Do they have 2% milk or 4% milk plan?
We pay over 600 for a ppo.My husband says it's the same ins.as congress has (Fed)I'd rather it go to universal. Empathy. It's a virtue.
Then #KillTheBill lives are on the line. See you there Senator!
tell @marcoRubio what "skinny" would do 2 most of ppl here in Fl @MiamiBeachNews @WIOD @sunSentinel @MiamiHerald @ananavarro
Skinny repeal is a trap, don't do it.
Thank you for standing up for us!  I applaud you!
@SenTedCruz @JohnCornyn This repeal would be bad - very bad - for Texans. If you care about Texans you'll vote No on skinny repeal.
Before or after the elections?
5 lies-----that the Democrats told about their health care bill

VIDEOS http://s1.zetaboards.com/Express_Yourself/topic/5243545/1/ …
Thank you, Senator!
That's okay. I'll just ask my bank to lower my house payment by that amount. I'm sure they won't mind.
Let's be clear Trump drones will love anything that goes against Obama.
President Obama early on labeled GOP plan as a massive #wealthcare.
Thank you Senator for fighting in the best interest of honest ppl
That's like putting on skinny jeans only to find your backside looks 20% larger. #resist
We CAN'T let this happen!!
Ok. So? Who has ever believed the CON? When have they ever been right?
Kill the bill overturned it,a scam not only that but the deficit increase on US citizens not fair for working families & low income families
Where were you when Obama said "If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor?" Where were you when healthcare atrocities were passed?
How's Senator Feinstein's plan doing?
@adammanross That is called a "cut" in premiums correct? Increases  have been more than 20% annually for me.

"40 years of darkness! Earthquakes, volcanoes! The dead rising from the grave! Human sacrifice! Dogs & cats living together! Mass hysteria!"
Wait, where is the "great negotiator" in all this? Didn't he say he'd talk to big pharma & cut cost? Now he's just waiting with pen in hand?
Liar. ObamaCare premiums are off the charts.
Let's make American sick, poor and dead...
Now people, is anyone really surprised
Premiums increased last year by 40-60%. Some of us could not afford $1100/mo, so what's another 22%? Dems need better plan than "GOP=BAD"
No the gop has bitched for 8 years re:aca. They implemented over 170 amendments to hurt it and now they're in power. It's their job
Lol
U think they care? if is from Obama it needs 2 go. They don't care what it does & they're not smart enough 2 replace. DISGUSTING @SenateGOP
Can we please count on you and Senator Harris to fillibuster by amendment? What is your strategy to kill this zombie bill?
Thank you!
And without it? Increase 100 %, 200 %?
And if the small biz mandate goes away, employers won't pay more and millions of employees will lose insurance. #SaveACA
@TomCottonAR @JohnBoozman Thought your constituents might appreciate the info @OZRKIndivisible
Thank you:)
#fake Drama
@SenateDems because gov mandates repealed. Gov neo nazi anti American ie Democrats lose their control of people healthcare
So do something, Dianne! You've been in the senate for 100 years - time to cash in some chips with your colleagues.
Why aren't you guys talking about the insane personal wealth increases CEO's and BOD's of healthcare co.'s have made over the last 10 years?
And they increase by how much this year ? Lol
So the same as the last two years?? Let's not talk about that though.. #Hypocrites
Thank you for staying vigilant for California & all Americans!
Make the 2018 GOP rallying cry:

"Sorry, we REALLY, REALLY, REALLY, REALLY, REALLY, REALLY, REALLY, REALLY, REALLY tried!"

(to kill you)
How can GOP repeal mandate  & keep pre-ex conditions? They can't w/o massive insurance premium hikes or worse-failing insurers #Resist
Compared to what?
+20% premiums from who? "Skinny Repeal" will chase all insurers out of the individual market and make small employer markets untenable.
When will people realize that premiums will always increase yearly.  Premiums increased in the past, in the present and will in the future.
How about Cheeto mans lie that transgender people cost too much for medical reasons a complete falsehood of lying Trump. Ask the med experys
.@SenFeinstein. If we aren't moving to single payer. We aren't moving.
That's great because Obamacare would of been 75%. See saving money already. ..
Surprise surprise!!
Everything's going up. Penny Singleton is now Nicole Doubleton. #trumpcare #skinnyisthenewpreexistingcondition
Be on guard everyone. DJT/GOP will twist that stat into a "win" compared to the other prior genius proposals
Trump's #TransBan was made to distract from the #HealthCareVote Dont' be distracted! Call your Senators ! http://www.senate.gov/states/ 
Nothing they bring forth will be better than Obamacare because their plan is about greed & protecting the rich. Fix OBAMACARE, no repeal.
Why doesn't congress give the American people the SAME health care plan that they have.
how much more debate @SteveDaines do you need? 20% increase is not what the folks here in MT can take. #mtpol
How bout you post the numbers??
That would raise my monthly premium to $960.00.
False
Does this only apply to people without employer insurance?  Not being sassy, genuinely unsure.
No big deal - they're already prepared to tell their deplorables it's Obama's fault.
Here a idea lets cut some of the old farts that sit in the whitehouse who have no idea on anything because there live back in the 50 and 60
And reduce the GOP in the senate by 20% too.
ACA needs to be fixed...hope you are working on solutions right now.
@Rosie LMAO.what did Barry care do to premiums.
"Skinny" care for "Fat" bucks is what it should called.
This is so wrong! And confusing! What are they even voting on now?
yet they will not tell us how they reach these answers. Asking us to trust a govt. agency after 8 yrs. of obama is reaching. Need some proof
How's this better than #ACA?
STOP ALL OF THE GOP FROM THE ATTACK ON MILLIONS OF AMERICAN'S HEALTHCARE. PLEASE.
Breaking:  The CBO on Obummer Care was so far off they might have well been judging how it affected alien lifeforms.
GOP SCREWS UP AGAIN !!!
They also said more people would join Obamacare and they never did
They also said that Obamacare would drop healthcare costs and deductables and it never did.
Less than ACA plus penalties for not being able to afford insurance. There is no some for nothing in either plan. Nor is single pay better.
And yet the Dems can't figure out a message to beat these assholes. Come on senator
B sure u hold Mc Cain 2his word after he voted yes last night
