A repeal of the Affordable Care Act with no replacement would create nationwide chaos. They can’t be serious, can they?
Nationwide chaos like say taking away firearms and making criminals more powerful?
Or creating a welfare state but not allowing the same kind of welfare at zoos? Or asking for things you already have?
So when all of your plans have been know to fail time and time again do you really think you understand that big of a word?
No it is a great idea.  Get rid of that shit.
I know! If they only worked with the GOP instead of against them, we'd have a better system
Apparently you missed the whole RESIST movement started by Warren and Waters - Real helpful people there. LOL
Democrats need to get out the message that people still need to sign up for ACA. Describe pluses and positive future of ACA. Trounce Trump
That sounds like exactly what needs to happen. #NoGovernmentInHealthcare
When is everyone going to start working together for THE PEOPLE. Give us your health ins.  What are your premiums. Do you pay them
Good idea - and these buzzards in Congress BUY THEIR OWN INSURANCE. They want to destroy our healthcare set-up so we should not pay theirs.
.Disgraceful, heartless and immoral. Republicans ought to hang their heads in shame.
Agree. Keep what you've got and let it implode. Congress/Senate suck!
I will support you when you support congressional term limits.
Dianne. GOP is still suffering from Obama's Shock and Awe.
Senator, if you and your colleagues had given us a better Bill we wouldn't have a problem would we?
What other laws should they repeal without an idea how to replace them? Murder? Poaching?
Curious, how would you replace the murder law?
I think we already have 3 GOP Sen. (all women) that have come out and said they will vote "NO" on the Repeal.  #Resist #NeverrepealACA
Yes, Senators!!!
Wasting the taxpayers time and money all to repeal regulations which HELP Americans. How many Repubs are doing lobbyists bidding?
here is a start....
Thank you for all you do for our country. You are a hero! I don't know if you hear this enough but we appreciate you! We need you! Bless you

NOTHING AFFORDABLE..MY PREMIUMS WENT FROM $300 TO $1300 A MONTH. MY PRESCRIPTION WENT FROM $10 TO $25
Senator Feinstein, Can Trump be charged with dereliction of duty if Americans die or are seriously damaged by policy sabotaging healthcare?
Repealing will force the dem to the table to finally put a healthcare bill that is good for citizens.
The AMERICAN public deserve so much more
Although your busy blocking a water bill for California can you squeeze in an idea of your own on health care? Or easier to just snipe?
You running for re election would be a bad idea
Obamacare KILLED our nation. Your fault.
Great idea you mean?
Autocorrect can sneak up on you sometimes.
It's a great idea the ACA is a Bowel Movement and it's smelling really bad right now . Let's just flush the crap down the John already.
It's about time. .....
Obamacare is all your Democrats !! Good luck !
Ughhh! I have no words the disgust and disdain I have the GOP who call themselves patriots and Americans.
Thank you from a constituent
#RepairNotRepeal Our Nation & her citizens deserve so much better Please stand strong @SenWarren @RepCicilline @SenWhitehouse
Your right they should just let Obama care fail!! You know your bill...
Ocare was a terrible plan and has failed so what's the difference???
Time for term limits for Congress. Both sides of the isle have failed Americans for too long. 12 years to serve and that it.
@SenKamalaHarris @JerryBrownGov CA needs to come up with State healthcare system that is #TrumpProof and will insure us all
Are Republicans out of their minds? Is it just winning for them w/ no regards for the ppl?  Is Republican Party, the evil Party?
Seems some Republicans are only capable of producing terrible ideas. We are sick of their terrible ideas.
Finally!!!! Yay!!!!!!!!
You passed it without reading it. Americans are already hurting.
R u surprised at another terrible GOP idea. Why not get Jeff Bezos to design med ins, Amazon makes $ with 1% markup, so cut BCBS XO pay
Yeah obamacare was forced through by Obama himself and now its republicans fault when nobody wanted it to begin with.JUST BRILLIANT!
This we do as much damage as their health care bill. Why are they playing with our lives? We know Rep's hated Obama and now we pay? What??
Repeal it. Let health ins comp sell policies modeled after Geico, Progressive etc... Comp lowers cost. Been proven. Our choice not yours!
Terrible people!
FACT: in Arizona, average premiums are up $4,800 since #Obamacare was implemented.
Do they have any other kind?
The American people wouldn't let them take away our healthcare nor will we allow it to collapse...! Thanks Dianne
Repeal away - all I can say is the Midterm Election is a few months away. :-) I double dare them to repeal.
Nope they will let it collapse and then blame the democratic brats for it, you dems own this mess.
The truth about Obamacare:

I PERSONALLY KNOW OF A FAIL-SAFE MEANS OF SAVING  $120BILLION IN HC COSTS EVERY YEAR RIGHT NOW IF OUR LEGISLATORS WOULD JUST PAY ATTENTION.
What is your plan to fix Obamacare?
Congress is not doing it's job! People don't feel confident that's why you have low approval rating. Too much backstabbing & dirty politics!
Best idea ever. Health care is a commodity not a right, and health insurance is for catastrophe not maintenance. #RepealObamacare
Rs are doing such a terrific job at falling in on itself. Party extinct? Hopefully.
After a 10 year run of laying waste to Democrats almost everywhere I'd say not done.
terrible party
If it's so terrible then maybe your party of wimps and start acting like people that were invited to the table, but resisted.
Actually voting for Trump was the beginning of a long list of "bad ideas"! (Not mine, thank God!)
Trump Loyal Followers are cool with this and Trump Jr Collusion.
Remind them of their duty to the people who hired them (voters) and to the constitution (which they violate w ease).
Sort of like passing a bill before you know what's in it.
THE MEETING SET UP W/RUSSIAN LAWYER&DON JR WAS SET UP BY COMEY&LYNCH,LYNCH TAPPED MANFORTS PHONE&THE RUSSIANS USE TO WORK 4 ROBERT MUELLER!!
*bot 
#FullRepeal #doyourjob DIFI... thanks
This is how GOP waste out tax money......isn't 7 years enough?????
PLEASE ....Dem leaders....before R's hit US with their tax reform plan.....PRESENT THE DEM tax reform plan to be compared & scored...
Could you give Perez a shove in the right direction. Seems to lack energy, spirit, & old fashioned gumption. He's letting us down.
I CANT WAIT 2 SEE THE LOOK ON DEMOCRATS FACES WHEN PEOPLE START GETTING ARRESTED 4 THEIR RUSSIA HACKING LIES OF THE DNC! IT'S YOUR OWN FAULT
It would be a gradual drawdown of the ACA, eventually returning to the old system which was a lot better than this crap. pay attention!
Affordable my Balloon knot. Affordable to you (If you even subscribe. Doubt it.) and bums. The American, hard working middle class  Pays X4
Yes the US House and Senate get their insurance through the ACA. That provision was built into Obamacare. You can Google it
@SenFeinstein have the Republicans violated Article 2 of Constitution by causing ACA to fail through deliberate sabotage?
Please tell US, Why don't the Dem leaders present THEIR FIX to be scored & compared to anything R's come up with?   So simple to win indies.
Only reason I can come up with is that too many of your Dem leaders are also bought & paid for.....PLEASE ....prove they aren't....
We know Dems won't!  They want us under the rule of Single Payer! control health care, u control the people, isn't that right, Feinstein?!
Stop vomiting on our timelines troll..=.mental illness
WE would be glad to see Single Payer....Universal Healthcare scored/compared to other
F/U! I say what I want, when i want! When u say "We", u are not speaking for the majority of Americans, I don't care what your study says!
One might think that they've learned a lesson by now. What's that saying about doing the same thing over & over? Insanity
Everyone needs to admit that 45's agenda is also that of many in the GOP. This COUP has been decades in the making. We've lived it in apathy
Lol #FakeNews
ALL YOU DEM'S ARE IN DEEP TROUBLE W/YOUR RUSSIA HACKING LIE! TRUMP NOW HAS THE EVIDENCE TO PROVE RUSSIA NEVER HACKED THE DNC IT WAS A LEAK!!

This pres can't get over it he won not Hilary .Pres Obama not there now if u have a better plan bring it ... grow up take responsibility
They have lost their moral compass and become an anti-social organization. At one time they were so much better.
I don't think it will actually happen the REP women are the ones stepping up proud of them everyone needs to find a way to work together
Murkowski's a NO...on that too.
Drug War: Terrible Idea
Any idea that isn't UNIVERSAL HEALTHCARE for "we the people" is a bad idea.
Are we a communist nation or a republic?
This is what they really want
...sad! (?)
It won't happen.  They cannot be that stupid.
But fight like crazy just in case they are.
