Simple question: why make 50 "people" figure something out when one "person" has already done it? Waste of resources to reinvent the wheel.
'Access to care' does NOT mean pre-existing is covered! #SaveACA #NoRepeal!
That's how is now with the current plans.
VOTE NO FOR UR Constituents
Please continue to fight this bill and then join with others to improve the ACA! #saveACA #SavetheACA
Exactly... ACA needs tweaking & if started in Jan.,  its issues could have been resolved by now, except for the hate issue! Please nix G/C!
Thank you for opposing, Senator!
Please, please vote ,"No!" Though I am not from your state, your vote is so important to pre-ex folks. The TX senators just don't care.
Ca. Will have to put up a wall to keep people from Miss, Ala, Tx, Ariz and other Repub. states from moving there!
Perfect. That is better than national ran healthcare. Article 10 Dianne
I'd not want to be living in Bumfuck, Arkansas and have those guys deciding my health care coverage.  I like my Medicare.
I believe Medicare remains a federal program...untouched.  you'll be fine.
For now. They'll be coming for it next.
Despicable.  Vote NO.
My son has asthma. We will NEVER go back.
Good, if I need a transplant I'll move to you bankrupt state.
The GOP doesn't give a damn they had yrs to get a healthcare together didn't bother so know they just throw shit together they don't care
More BS from a leftist from California
Being a cancer survivor myself this scares the hell out of me.
Good point if true this is no better than the last
Meanwhile, Obamacare contiues harming the middle class

Another Lie!
Nor diabetes & the necessary supplies, as well as meds.
Not with the crooked republicans in charge
I don't want states deciding anything in regards to my health. I'd rather have that control, Thank you!
Okay...so U think the government should do it all the way in Washington!?!??
Depends on CA Democrats on how they want to screw the public, right Sen. Frankenstein?  Do you not trust them?  You know them well.
If you live in a state that denies you preexisting condition health care you should take the matter up with the State. Why blame the Feds?
please say you'll fight this tooth and nail
How the hell did you get into gov?  And how are you still there?You're not that smart.OH! wait,sorry you're in CA , that explains it  stupid
This has nothing to do with providing needed healthcare to Americans and everything to do with giving the top 2% a tax break.
That's what charity is for.
Both of which directly affect my family.  Please stop toying with our lives .@GOP
SIREN: McCain is a NO. “I cannot in good conscience vote for the Graham-Cassidy proposal."
Thank you for having our backs Senator!
bernie
The only folks who like Graham Cassidy bill are Graham Cassidy and the people at FOX... that's about it... So why will this bill be voted on
And since the states must fund it either your rates go sky high, your taxes are going up or services are cut elsewhere.
Let the states decide what's best for their state!
GramCassidy,don't care about us only their political pockets.As bad as the dotard faking his way in our WH who will destroy us.
Diane this is the time that we come together and support equal healthcare for all Americans regardless of income.
States with Republican governors will suffer most. People need to wake up.
But they cover McCain's brain cancer 100% don't they? And all the rest of you corrupt crooks.
" that an outright lie"
'States decide' or don't you trust the States to make good decisions?
The lady fearmongering to the dotards.
And HHS Sec. Tom Price determines what's adequate & affordable for those w/ preexisting conditions. I don't trust him with that, do you?
Yes those with pre existing conditions will not be touched
Koch officials said that the network’s midterm budget for policy & politics is between $300m and $400m, only if this DEATHBILL passes
Call (202) 224-3121 share your story. I called Sen Burr & Tillis & broke into tears (had not planned to) GOP ofc told me to have people call
Thank you for telling the truth!! This bill would hurt/kill millions of Americans!
Thank You! @SenFeinstein, I believe that pre-existing health conditions should be covered under any HEALTH CARE PLAN. #GrahamCassidy
It's called federalism.

Thanks For Letting My Audience Know Who actually Controls Health Care.What if I like Colorados Health Care Insurance rather than Utah?
At This Point Only Have VA-LastResort
HowManyInoculationsDidIRecieveFrm MilitaryandreallyWhatAreThey??Experimental?Even1"sgivingShotsAreOnlyToldBatch##
So??isDone2MePhysically/Mentally?What did Military do 2 Me??HUH!
MAY

Are you afraid California going to leave people out in the cold because they rather spend that money on illegal immigrants
do you think state legislators are that heartless?you don't a corner on compassion!
#obesity caused illness: #diabetes & #HighCholesterol & #HighBloodPressure & #arthritis since it is self-inflicted, hence dropped
How will you keep them from putting the funds in the general fund, and using it for their pet projects?
So it sounds like you have control over the insurance for your constituents. Novel idea. Right where the vote counts the most.
What about Lifetime and annual caps?  Anybody know?
GOP won't have to worry about any of that themselves tho! They'll still have their healthcare!
Local control is the key to a strong America it's a weighted drain the swamp quit being such a crybaby Diane you haven't done so well
Why not you and the state can cover everything with block grants.
I am disgusted with the @GOP . This should not even be coming up for a cote. I hope the lose every seat they hold for this.
Senator, RUN THE CLOCK OUT! LIVES ARE AT STAKE!!!
