(2/2) Our bill gives law enforcement new tools to prosecute drug dealers who target children with flavored drugs.
Are you applying for a job at @TheOnion?
More failed War on Drugs legislation... Almost 60 years in this "war"... Maybe a change is needed?
These old out of touch politicians need to go. Especially when they choose to ignore fact based evidence. #termlimits
MT @ SenFeinstein (2/2) Our bill gives law enforcement new tools to prosecute drug dealers who target children with flavored drugs.
And what about those fentanyl lollipops the legal drug dealers sell? Of course Feinstein will never introduce a bill that hurts their profit
What about those opioids/fentanyl lollipops that BigPharma sells? How is that any different? Oh yeah, the pushers from Merck are rich&white
LEOs don't need any new tools. The old ones have caused enough damage. You've lost the drug war. Negotiate our surrender, already.
Okay, I'm down with that.
If you want to fight drug dealers, decriminalize the drugs and then you will just have to deal with pharmacists.
Specific intent to target children had better be an element, because adults fucking love candy and fruit flavored drugs. What a bs bill.
Feinstein sounds like a 1980s DARE workbook. I hope the next generation of politicians won't be as gullible and clueless as this.
Who is going to run against this woman in 2018? You've got my vote already.
Sen NOT build up incarceration w/ another CJ bill. Instead benefit kids "YES" HR676 Medcare4all helps sad kids therapy & addict kids treatmt
As we all know: If there's one thing law enforcement is lacking, its tools to incarcerate people.
Srsly? 
Most 8 yr. olds that I know w/ money to spend on coke, don't tend to care what it TASTES like.
They just snort it.
So I've been told
While not a coke/meth expert, I think I can safely say that the flavored packaging is probably not meant to attract kids.
Sounds more like Cosby style pedophiles & less like drug dealers. IMO
Since when is law enforcement lacking tools? Unless it's how to protect and serve the people as opposed to corporatations?
Can you focus on the traitor in the White House?
@ChuckGrassley @chuck  Great job!
I love it one of Obamas asskissers wants to get tough on pushers after he let hundreds out of prison before he slithered off

Are there mandatory drug screenings in the US Senate? Have you been screened for dementia lately?
Why are you working with Grassley on this time-wasting crap?! It's a joke, right? Please let it be a joke.
I'm one of your constituents. It's embarrassing to me that this is what you're wasting your time on. There are big REAL problems to solve.
L I A R
This is bad and you should feel bad, Senator. Fighting a pointless war on illusory drug deals is an endless distraction from real issues.
So... pot brownies and such are going to basically be prosecuted as meth while alcohol companies market cotton candy vodka to teenage girls?
Hmm sounds rational. At least as rational as all the other drug laws that created a black market for something that should be regulated.
Why don't you actually do something for the state you claim to represent?  California is falling apart.
You have been fighting so called "WAR on Drugs" for 50 years. As long the Congressman make money from drugs. Never be stopped
Sen Feinstein, It's laughable you used cocaine & methamphetamine's as earlier tweet examples, but very obvious marijuana is a "target"!
Are you serious with this? Did your twitter get hacked? WTF?
Such nonsense DiFi. Drop this shit and stand up for us. Fight Gorsuch.
when you're working with Grassley, you can be sure you're both wasting time, and hurting someone poor.
Going to spend 10s of millions of TAXPAYER $$ to search globe for carrier pigeons delivering drugs ? Can't grok waste can U ?
So ur pandering 2 the uninformed and pharma companies at the same time. Votes and  is all this bill is intended to catch. U R #pathetic!!!
This bill is a Trojan horse. You should be ashamed of fear-mongering & posting #fakenews like 45. You have a duty to research before posting
Can't fight what does not exist.
Does this law apply to illegal immigrates?
Way to go Senator! Happy someone is calling out processed sugar for the poison that it is!....Oh....that isn't what this? #sugarkills
You're salary is wasting American tax dollars with shit like this. Support Medicare for all and stop making shit up.
You know this bs is specifically made for weed candy - using coke and meth as a scare-you-into-it bait. You have no soul.

Have you lost your fucking mind? Seriously WTF is this garbage... Oh & when will you support #MedicareForAll?
You are insane. Children don't seek drugs and drug dealers don't sell drugs to children. Where would kids get $$$ for drugs??????
This is so unnecessary.  I hope it fails.  Please retire.
Were you watching Willy Wonka & Chocolate Factory when you came up with this? I can think of no other reason....
Silly. I'd much rather you spent your time on genuine issues like #SinglePayer health care.
Children are often prescribed amphetamines by doctors, what are you doing about that
yo Senator when are you going to introduce a bill to prosecute drug dealers for making oregano flavored pot that doesn't even get you high?
Was there a problem with targeting ALL drug dealers who target children?? With ANY drugs?? I'm not getting it!!!
Senility of an Old Washed Up Hag. How sad.
What's next, a bill to outlaw Dungeons and Dragons?
Come on. Be serious.
You realize that they're ALREADY ILLEGAL?

Your bill is about as useful to the country as your career has been.
#JustRetire
Feinstein takes on the Zima menace.
So that's where Willie Wonka was up to 
Will you please change parties? You are embarrassing us.
Your next target: Bigfoot. About as real as kids buying candy cocaine.
Harsh drug sentencing and a bloated DEA budget solved the crack and opioid epidemics, I'm sure it'll work for maple cocaine and hickory meth
Why would they need new tools? Couldn't they just, you know, prosecute drug dealers for dealing drugs?
wow maybe we should decriminalze and regulate drugs to get them out of the hands of criminals and force safe sale practices!!
There weren't enough tools before? WTF was missing at this point, DEA v2.0?
But what are you doing about all the razor blades in Halloween candy???
Creating new laws isn't the problem.  Getting the 9th Circuit to allow them to be enforced is the problem.
Why not enforce existing laws to the max, instead of plea deals and letting drug dealers out of prison due to overcrowding.
How about starting by ending the "war on drugs" & removing marijuana from the Schedule 1 list 1st? BTW, I don't drink & never tried drugs.
I do believe the elderly Senator confused the products of her own #Pharma sponsors for street drugs
When you guys make new drug bills re mandatory minimums it does not work out well. learn from past mistakes.Selling drugs is already illegal
This is some dumb shit Republicans would come up with.
I feel so horribly bad for you, you need to be thrown into the old folks home before you do more damage to America.
respectfully, ingestion via eating is not the actual delivery mechanism for either of those drugs…
I loved grape coke but had to give it up because of the purple nose.
Will this bill include Big Pharma that make's OxyContin for Kids or just the CIA cartels? @MichaelAWoodJr @jimmy_dore
Coke & Meth are already illegal: you're trying to open a backdoor to edible marijuana.
What, you aint ever heard of a jello shot? How about flavored cough syrup?   The war on drugs does not and will NEVER work.
Drug dealers want clients with more than an allowance. Where do you idiots get your information from, Donald Trump?
Oh, I had no idea meth was legal to buy in California, here and I figured you already had laws to prosecute drug dealers
And then let 'em go, because they're illegals.
I want your salary back for wasting time on what had to be a prank.
because laws for non flavored drugs aren't a deterrent, right?
Joe Cocaine cartoon ?
since when do children have money for cocaine? Income inequality is so out of control yo
I brought drugs many times in many states (without paying the sales tax btw) I've never seen this senator.
I think dire economic and existential straits plays a far bigger role in meth in youths than a resemblance to candy.
Thanks for fighting the good fight against drug dealers targeting children w/ candy drugs! Time we fought back against guys like this.
Lol. What a waste of time and resources.
you are way too rich, old, and out of touch to continue making policy for this country, you should have stepped aside long ago
Since selling drugs to children is already illegal this seems like an extravagant waste of time

Where the fuck has anyone ever seen this? How can you call yourself a democrat when all you're doing is using this to prolong the drug war.
And what about those lick-em temporary tattoos laced with LSD? My cousin's boyfriend's mom totally knows a kid whose sister got dosed.
Getting those was always the best part of Trick-or-Treating.
Hahahaha
This just isn't a thing. It truly isn't.
Ten YEARS in prison for selling edibles? How the hell are you the Senator from California?
Between this, your NSA/CIA/Forever War stances, and your refusal to filibuster Gorsuch, I hope you get primaried soooo bad
Honestly, you're really an embarrassment to your constituency. Please retire
Embarrassed to call her my senator. 
This is exactly why I'm determined CA votes in a different senator. Never voted for you and never will!

- DEATH TO POP ROCKS DEALERS! 
. 
Seriously? Couldn't you work on something less relevant, like animal-human hybrid sex trafficking?
lol
I'm just happy democrats actually want to prosecute drug dealers at all.

MDMA is not sold like that. That's a myth.
Alprazolam is active <1mg, so it needs a medium.
Insufflation of flavored drugs is more painful.
further, you know both of those drugs are ingested nasally, not orally. Ergo: no f*ckin flavoring necessary!!!
in no way, shape or form is that even remotely true. This is not a good look for you
i would have thought it was already against the law to sell drugs to kids.
Why are you wasting time on this nonsense? Retire.
this is beyond frivolous, folks are not doing drugs for the taste
What tools - a #GetOutofJailFree card, how many "drug dealers" did Pres Obama Pardon or your state Calif gave early release to
Worked for cigarettes, wait no it didn't.
You & your phoney legislation nonsense.

Maybe you should stop taking these drugs.
Candy little F-einstein? 
thank God this won't pass
I do enough drugs to know this isn't true.
How about build the wall, increase border patrol, stop the majority of the flow. There are already laws against selling drugs.
Thank you for taking measures to protect our kids!

Lady I've been out in the streets all my life and I have never once heard of this. Get back to doing your actual job right this instant.
Have you ever even TRIED caramel swirl cocaine?? It. Is. Awesome!
As long as the children are given medical treatment and counseling.
Retire
Does this include marijuana edibles made explicitly for adults If so you better ban flavored liquor too or you're a hypocrite
THANK YOU!!!
this is not a http://thing.Trust  me.I love what u have done for ur party but it is time 2 step aside and let in new blood
these are not things you outta touch, awful human
how can anyone be this stupi... never mind. politicians do not draft bills based on facts, for the most part.

God damn the Democratic Party is utterly clueless. No one cares about this fantasy narcotic candy. It does not exist.
Shouldn't you be filibustering Gorsuch?
What the actual fuck
Because drug dealers are desperate to get their hands on third-graders' allowance and lunch money?Snopes debunked this already
So, making flavored pot that's sold to adults in dispensaries illegal help who exactly? Pointless law, only punishes law abiding citizens.
What in the hell are you doing? Our republic is on fire, and you're legislating against fairy tales.
You're a waste of tax dollars. Please stop wasting public money.
Breaking Bad was not real
how's about you write a bill that helps with the opioid crisis? This is dumb.
Meanwhile, this: https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2017/03/29/since-2007-the-dea-has-taken-3-2-billion-in-cash-from-people-not-charged-with-a-crime/?utm_term=.678768a56000 …
She gets a cut... campaign contributions.
not as much as her husband pulls in from the military industrial complex
Are you high right now?
Stop wasting our tax dollars.
They have flavored cocaine now? These fucking kids are so soft and spoiled. Back in my day we just had cocaine flavored cocaine.
My guess is that whoever is pulling the Senator's strings is trying to target edible marijuana in states where it is legal.
DING! DING!DING!
Dianne, this is fucking stupid.
This is regressive and assists in furthering corrupt and ineffective drug war It'll target THC edibles because that other shit don't happen.
The current administration is at war with the marginalized but by ALL MEANS let's focus on mythological strawberry meth. 
Strawberry and cherry cocaine is a real product despite your dismissal of it. But l do not think legislation is necessary to fight it
name your source
Yea quit hogging all the candy coke!
I can't believe I only paid $1.80 for this pound of PREMIUM PURE CANE! The party is gonna be wall to wall. Bring your kids.
This is idiotic
resign
There is no evidence at all that this is a real phenomenon. Drs say addiction is a disease. Stop listening to jackbooted law enforcement.
what are you gonna buy them next, Ghostbusters guns, maybe some stakes to kill vampires with
name one.
Will you support the filibuster against the Gorsuch vote?
STOP. There is literally not enough time to deal with this garbage bill with the threat facing our nation. Why bother wasting time/resources
What the hell are you talking about? Where? Y'all just make stuff up to pass laws now?
Uhmm that sounds crazy. Please focus on , kleptocracy, obstruction, nepotism, the criminals in the WH. Meantime EPA, climate, immigrants..
Are you kidding with this? Are you in bed with the prison industry, Big Pharma & tobacco now too? At least own your hypocrisy.
It's damn time Dems, YOU show the same viciousness as the corrupt bastards on the right - Show some spine and take down the criminals /3
This is a huge waste of time and money and if anyone were actually doing this, it would be a huge waste of drugs.
This bullshit neocon drug war legislation can lick my fruit-flavored dick
Spineless, to say maybe Nunes assistance 'didn't know protocol' and try to defend the enemy. For god sake fight back against corruption /2
Are you just visiting this planet or....
I hope so: it means she'll go home sometime, right?
Have you thought about committing seppuku on the capital steps instead of cosponsoring this rubbish based on internet rumors.
I'm howling
New tools? So... if you're selling only to adults, law enforcement isn't as equipped to prosecute you??
Cocaine is great but do you happen to have it in cherry flavor.
it's definitely cocaine, the drug we all know is famous for how you eat and digest it to get "high"

the US army sent my police departmet 100000 hideous robot arms to rip off citizens' heads but heres the thing, we only need like 500 of them
Finally, someone in government is standing up to the scourge of Xanax Gummi Bears.
Diane, retire
Aren't drugs their own reward before all that flavor?
Also, does this bill stop dealers from creating flavored drugs to appeal to adults?
I have an assortment of alcohol with all sorts of fun flavors. Why is that ok?
Build the wall
is that already a law? I mean really.....
Thank you Senator.
Filibuster Gorsuch
Yeah. That's what we're worried about in America. Wild Cherry Coke.
That is great.  Now #termlimits for you @NancyPelosi @MaxineWaters @SenWarren @SenSchumer @RepCummings @SenJohnMcCain
