If you stop treating illegals for free, the situation would be much different. We can't support and save the world.
repubs  serve special interests in violation of their sworn oaths will bring misery tens of millions of Americans , Death and ruin economy
Our seniors, who are in nursing homes, depend on Medicaid! Does the GOP intend to put our nation's seniors out in the streets?
Yes, they do.
I know you do not support it and are my person to go to.  Do not allow this bill.  From a mama with a baby with a rare disease.
Requalify all recipients of #Medicaid to ensure only AMERICAN citizens receive it. I believe when you do that things will be fine.
#VoteNOGrahamCassidy
Kind of hard to talk about caring for children with a straight face when you're an ardent abortion supporter, ain't it?
Better than your party who demands children are born but then take away Healthcare and in many cases food. Don't preach to true Christians
I.E.Ppl will DIE because of politics - old, sick, young, http://poor.GOP  culling America.

Medicare 4 All would be best solution and would actually save   40% on costs of healthcare It's easy fix and provides good healthcare.
You are so right Sen. Feinstein, but the problem is the 1% doesn't seem to care.
Senator,  your colleagues don't care.  It's now all about getting a "win" over Obama.  R's act is getting really old... and predictable.
You and all gov employees should be on Obama care. Then things would change pronto
Can't b 1st class if it relies on Medicaid
The bribes to red states like Alaska that allows them enough $$ to keep Obamacare sounds like a lawsuit to me. #equalprotection
California can spend millions fighting a border fence, and won't spend a penny for children's medical care?  What kind of monsters are you?
It is criminal they are playing to their donors and could care less about the people!
Don't forget the Elderly who rely on Medicaid in Nursing Homes after they have spent all their to Nursing Home. They'll literally Die early
Do we have legal grounds to sue if CA loses Medicaid funds, while a state like Alaska gets to essentially keep the ACA with bribery?
I have no idea but I hope so!
Send home the illegals and you can afford to take care of legal citizens. Abide by the laws.
CALM YOUR TITS. 
As with any organization, they'll change their business model to compensate or rightfully die on the vine.
our for profit health industry is so admired it is copied throughout the world.... oh wait.... never mind....
We in California are bankrupt thanks to you!
Stop spending money on illegals
Doctors here don't even hardly take medicaid. And you realize nothing is free? U took HC from people and gave it to others for free. Shame
I lived and worked as a nurse at Loma Linda University Med. CNTR. What you say is so very true. Very sad...
Let Maxine Waters, & all you rich politicians from the state make up the shortfall. You cn write off on ur taxes. You know how u do.
Then co sponsor medicaid for all or sponsor medicaid reform like we should have instead of Romney care.
You are insane! Stop giving free $$ away! They should not depend on Government! 
And thousands of job loses to CA citizens
Medicaid is not being terminated.  Stop fear-mongering. Dems lied about Obamacare.  Now, they're lieing about GOP healthcare bill. Shameful.
NO they won't! It will be up to the States to manage!
Why are they dependent on MediCAID?  This is an outrageous demonstration of a healthcare program totally mismanaged
MedIns should be like auto,life,home.Employer Group Plans Dilute Market Power! Open market to individuals.Allow employer vouchers or pay adj
Per Sen Graham 4 states CA, NY, MA and MD which have 20% of the population get 40% of the Medicaid $.What your answer to the other 46 states
Senator how about Single Payer
Only IF your state does not spend it wisely...why is it that 4 states including yours get 40% of all Medicaid dollars with ACA??
Fear mongering. The liberal way to fight truth and fact
Children, the disabled, the elderly. Young people don't want their taxes to pay for their care any more. I never cared if mine did. 
Deport all illegals and their anchor & nightmare kids.  Problem solved!
No they won't.  The state will run it not the federal government. Fearmogering
You Bragg about having the 5th largest economy in the world. Pay for it yourself! Medicaid is abused. It's for a NEED, not a want!!!
Why does CA get more than other states?
OH MY GOD!  How did they even stay open in the first place?  **sarcasm**
What would that matter? It is more important for GOP to save face & steal money to give to rich in tax bill!
Fear mongering again. Obuma care is imploding.Premiums are skyrocketing And you want to keep it? Find another job. Your not good at this one
THE GREAT LIE!! @SenFeinstein UR A CRIMINAL & support #PlannedParenthood Which LITERALLY exsists 2 kill children!!! #ACARepeal #ObummerCare
Tons of ERs have closed in Ca thanks to illegal aliens. Were is your concern?
Source required by this CA RN.
I said nothing about stopping prog that have worked for years. Just a law passed so insurance can'tPre-existing conditions. Hello McFly
Maybe start taking care of citizens instead of Illegals dear. REPEAL  Obamacare LIE and disaster
Unmasking, wiretapping, lying to Congress, Lying to the US . The Dem Party believes Joe Citizen is a fool. Drain the fetid swamp body!
And don't forget children will die.
Thanks for going more left than imaginable
Which CA childrens hospitals depend on Medicaid . Please state those. or it is just another fear mongering tweet.
California w 2 other states account 4 near 40% of OCare $. .other states shouldn't carry burden because they didn't opt in for MC expansion.
It's ok with the less illegallyS  here using the system it should balance out.
Stop wasting money protecting criminals, public education, and illegal aliens
Fake news ! Typical scare tactics from the Democrats.... "maybe even close " ???
Move it to cali and let state taxes pay
We need people to get a job and pay their and their kids own way ! To many freeloader's
GOP is towing Koch bros will
Then stop taking in ILLEGALS & providing GOV'T funds for them! CA has the MOST IGNORANT LEADERS OF ALL.
Good thing Medicaid isnt being touched
Sorry Senator but your @GOP counterparts only want to erase all traces of Pres @BarackObama. It has nothing to do with providing health care
Stop praying on people's fears! If California wants all these freebies and wants to be a sanctuary state figure it out on your own!
Feinstein you haven't even read Obama care maybe the first page so get a life stop lying
It’s disgraceful that GOP would look for a “win” on the backs of children and the American people!
I'll be damned if I have 2 keep paying penalty 4 other people 2 use for health care damn it I'm getting old and am going to need it myself
Seriously? Iam getting old too. We always paid for others and gladly. Now they don't want to pay for us. 
Medicaid was meant 2 B a SUPPLEMENT only, not total reliance on it

Enough making govt bigger

more capable of own care than feds
free healthcare for all people now!
Nothing is free in this life
OMG!!! And what does that have to do with the G-C bill? #LiarLiarPantsOnFire!
Okay okay will get you the money you need don't worry about it trumpcare is what we need
Arooo? Is this you?? 

http://www.morningjournal.com/article/mj/20140308/NEWS/140309685 …

Call the Koch Bros Diane!
.@lisamurkowski Americans are counting on you. Alaskans are counting on you. Please vote NO on Graham-Cassidy. #MurkowskiVoteNo
Church's need to walk the talk.
1st 11 months of fiscal 2017, the Treasury still ran a deficit of $673,711,000,000 =  $1.396M debt every minute

Weird that my children could die because one of our elected representatives was paid millions to kill their health coverage for profit.
Pathetic really, shows the kind of people that go to Washington DC.
TrumpnoCare
