So far, GOP does not seem willing to listen to governors, whether of their own party or not. Ridiculous!
Thank you for all your work, Senator.
@SenateGOP need to listen to Americans and #SaveACA otherwise they don't deserve their jobs
Republicans Stop The Madness !!
Good
LOL!!!!
We know this last plan is as bad as the first!GOP willing to throw anything against the wall to see if it sticks! Disgusting to play w/lives
that would be a start if @SenMajLdr was interested in someone other than himself
It should be all 50 governors
Is anyone going to DENY CONFIRMATION OF BRIAN BENCZKOWSKI? PLEASE do not let this get past you!
Not @senrobportman. He's a yes! What a partisan ass-lick coward. Don't bother coming home Rob. Just climb up Trumps ass & call it home.
Why are you not supporting #MedicareForAll ?
Dems have sought univ healthcare since we DID manage to get Medicare & SocSec--but GOP has always blocked it. Vote Dems into WH, Cong.
If  Dems have truly sought univ healthcare since Medicare (1965) & SS (1935), & still have not accomplished -They Are Incompetent!
Stop. No. Full repeal. Get govt out of our healthcare. Make big insurance compete.
So you want to be dropped when you get cancer,  have a lousy  policy that covers nothing, and pay more for it? #MAGA
If you guys could pull that off, it would restore much faith. ACA is a starting point. No one thinks it's perfect. Get to work, make it so.
It's SCARY! READ IT!
What is your fear, Sheila? ACA has been in effect for years already. What's scaring you?
Interesting...Shell has already blocked me from an earlier exchange. That means she's either a rabid republican or an insane Berner
Or a bot
State governors may be the leadership we need to address the healthcare issues #SaveACA
Thank you!!!
United!
Who are they?
Thank you and please keep fighting for solid healthcare for all of us!
Then, a group of 40 governors urging Obamacare repeal?
At this point I have little faith in Republicans to do the right thing. Prove me wrong.
I! Tell capito her ass in on the line and her job too.  Vote NO
Thank you! I hope you can pull it off
When working together a lot of greater positive resolution will be accomplished not just for them but for all people and the country.
Lindsey Graham thought it was a joke. He has insurance. The Republicans are goofballs. Let John  McCain take over please.
#GOP WORK w/#Dems.??  Lol. Just Like U Did on ACA.?? "Party Politics" KILLING AMERICA, & YOU Played Big Part.  Like ACA.?? Trade Yours 4 It
Who? We will contact them!
I'll bet Gov. Rauner of ILL wasn't one of those ten.
Don't be fooled, "skinny repeal" is full repeal in disguise.
Wouldn't that be a nice treat!  Who would have thought of it as a possible solution?!  Cross my fingers. @hpyblubrd
We do know that members of Congress get special treatment under Democrat Obamacare.  Obamacare needs to be repealed and start over.
Medicare for all
Nice..
Keep fighting for us! You and Kamala are doing great!
Stop calling it "ACA". Tweak it a little, call it "Whitecare" and pass it.

#PC2A to #Healthcare #Governors #11Governors who wrote a letter to Senate No #SkinnyRepeal Details & Addresses here: https://pc2a.info/HealthcareGovernors … 
The right thing to do.
Great idea
We need bipartisan leadership..
The ACA was and still is a train wreck, just Repeal the entire thing and call it a day!
I know i'm coming in late this am. Can you tell us who they are, Senator?
Repeal the onerous mandates!
@Senate  @Congress @CNN @NBC  @ABC @CBS @NBC @MSNBC @FoxNews Senator Ted Kennedy With Cancer ,Fought For Health Care For All In USA!
Name the governors - Kaisch and who else.  If not I am calling you out.
republican aint the problem , its the do nothing democrats like your self

People should be fined for opting out. They still get sick and others have to pay for ER treatment. Single pay = cutting middleman and....
...and reduces Attorney premiums on injury cases as no need for courts to award medical costs. Insurance co. salaries are obscene.
The democrats med to work with Republicans, you know the majority party?
You voted no on debating fixing Obamacare. You didn't even try.
Wisdom and responsible governance! How refreshing. 
Add this to your corruption in CA list.  CA lawyers legalized malpractice; cheat&betray clients with impunity.
Or hey how about something that will actually work like single payer? (Should have had it for 60 years already)
If they name the fix "replace and repeal" they may get more GOP on board
Senator Feinstein, that is the voice of reason! We must amplify it!! #FixACAWithBipartisanship 
State leaders have proven themselves to be more invested in the people of our country than @realDonaldTrump, @SenateMajLdr, or @SpeakerRyan
If Democrats want to work w Republicans to provide HC FREEDOM for all Americans-fine,but not to reconstruct the #ACA prison conditions
If everyone is not free to purchase or not HC plan from wherever covering whatever as suits that individual-there is no basic freedom in USA
I just realized - in future they assume if repeal ACA then D's will help them repair what they've destroyed. DON'T DO IT.
Last night @CharlieRoseShow had necessary hc discussion. Governors of several States saying they'll institute mandates. They should. GOOD!
Please be honest with their constituents that "skinny" refers to their wallets, and thus their worth to GOP.  They care about the Fat Cats
GOP is lying about a mandate to repeal. When people R lied to they don't make the best decisions. They are learning the truth now NO REPEAL!
Because it's the right thing to do
Name them!!! How many took federal $$$ to expand Medicare/ Medicaid ?
Messaging is important here. Be sure to educate moderate R's
OMG! Work with the Democrats?? So much shame. Awful.  McConnell and Ryan will be in tears.
Yay!
#SaveACA
Oh now after nearly 8 years you want to work together. So hollow! How would those harmed by the lies of 2009 ever trust you and your party?
Have U even READ Obamacare? I DARE U & ur colleagues to appear on @seanhannity  & let him quiz U on it! What a phony!
and what health care plan do you and members of congress have??? Obamacare?? of course not, what are your plans to improve it, if any
We need health care for all - not the fiasco the GOP wants to hand us.
#trashaca
Skinny repeal can get the rqt votes needed if coupled with replace to cover any lost of coverage. @SenateMajLdr can work issues to get votes
#fakenews
Yes! Thank you for listening to the people. Maybe @realDonaldTrump  @POTUS will #LISTEN
Is. Not are.
Folks, along with CALLING your Senators, call your Governors and tell them to that YOU WANT THEM TO OPPOSE THE SKINNY REPEAL!!
Tell them to get the hell out of our insurance.
Seriously, do you really want lifetime caps and preexisting conditions clauses back again?  ACA protects you from this, GOP bill won't.
This is the way to go.
Hey @GovHolcomb didn't see your signature on that letter. Why not? @INDems @IndianaYoungDem @INDIVISIBLE_IN @indivisibleSEIN
Because pence groomed him...
This is where government is supposed to be listening to its people & their representatives.
This is where Govt should get the he'll out of insurance
Yes! This is what needs to happen! I hope this gains support!
It's not about your gang it's about the contributing Americans now start listening or go home
Will they listen or just go ahead and try to kill millions?
Just buy burial insurance and save your family the burden
Finally...some responsible @SenateGOP realizing healthcare is not a partisan issue. Do what's best for Americans #CountryOverParty
Thank you for letting us know some GOP are patriots.
LMAO
You mean 10 governors who gobbled up Obama's Medicaid federal money to inflate Medicaid in their states. They should be in jail.
Hey Show your commitment to ACA and pass a bill that requires ALL of Congress to no longer be exempt and all members use ACA. Crickets
@GOP thinks they can out-think a consortium of educators, policy experts, healthcare experts working for months to create ACA? Stupid fools.
@SenateMajLdr PAY ATTENTION
