Cost more for seniors ( up to 500% more), more for pre-existing conditions (I.e. Women), less coverage...

What do you have to lose?

.
where did u see that? link of screen shot olz
Of course! When it comes to Trump's lies, deceit and shameful antics, you gobble it up.
so u dont have a screen shot or a link...
Inform yourself lolo...
i do.. which is why i asked u for a link or screen shot to back up ur statement...
Here lolo, this is a starter set, read this then do some more research.
 schumer... look man when the words "could", "may" and "possibly" are in an article u shouldnt panic n grab pitchforks 
If u resist clowns would work with GOP maybe we could get a great hc bill passed! U screwed us with Obamacare!
Did you not hear Claire McGaskill's comments. There were loads of Republican amendment.
Obamacare made things worse than before.  Premiums skyrocketing.  Insurers leaving.
What do you pay for insurance @SenFeinstein?
We have paid more and gotten less under ACA. How would you fix that? How will you stop insurance companies from leaving exchanges?
Insurance companies are the problem. Too powerful.
And, if we go to single payer/provider you don't think the government will then not be too powerful? Healthcare in the hands of bureaucrats.
The government is the people. We have to hold our reps responsible i.e. Elect responsible reps not lobbyists Regulations are not bad things
Representatives won't run any program. Bureaucrats will with outdated systems. My health is too important for that.
Not a good argument Insurance cos are bureaucracies too Systems can be updated Health is important to everyone Healthcare a right for all
@SenFeinstein you completely screwed yourselves with Obama care! It was a socialist bill that you passed in the middle of the night!
Under the current Dem plan I pay more for less AND have to pay for services I will never use because they don't apply to me. Thanks for that
Medicaid for all is NOT an answer.CA has abused their Medicaid funds for NON MEDICAL spending. Recovery programs are $ making scams.
It's going to hurt the people that are 50 and 60 the most there's no way we're going to be able to afford this
FAKE NEWS
Lies,Lies,Lies ! (D) "If you like your Dr., you can keep her. Families will save $2,500/yr." ACA passed in the dead of night. #ObamaFailure
Democrats must start This Morning to Call or Knock on republican Doors to get No votes. Democrats must Convince republicans-No
Hey just like obamacare 
This is not a democracy anymore. We need to recuperate our democracy before is too late
The Democratic Party needs to change the way they are doing things. As citizen I feel frustrated, we need changes to win seats on 2018
I think if congress put something into law to control big pharma, u would find insurance rates would go down for everyone.
Obamacare has been doing the SAME THING.
Do you have any good ideas?
We already pay for a healthcare plan that we can't use under Obamacare b/c the deductibles are so high.
Thank you, Senator. How can we best convince your red-shirted colleagues?
Like an unloaded gun you believe is loaded, AHCA provides a false sense of security until you need it. (Many will just lose insurance.)
Sounds like obamacare
America will get what it deserves and what it continues to vote for - GOTP/Trump Agenda/Dominance
what is the % of those on O'care actually use it? How about % not subsidized that use it? What good is it if you can't afford to use it?
The Senate needs to work through the break to work on this bill! Health coverage should always be a bi-partisan issue.
Yes! Thank you!
Thank you Senator Feinstein for fighting for us!
Think Feinstein is talking about Obama Care or i should call it Obama dont Care with its Ludacris $6,000 deductibles that we cant afford!
Citizens need to know that Congress will be staying on the ACA Plan.
If ACA is good enough for them, its good enough for us
Of all the LIES Trump has told, this is the BIGGEST. He needs to be confronted with this every day, Senators must be asking to explain
Thank you
Thank you for fighting for us! Keep it up!
Gotta love those 45 and Repub supporters

Pls do tell
How?
We're making the calls sending the faxes! The more the better.
Let's do this
Absolutely, each and every morning. It's become a routine. 

PARTICIPATE in the PROCESS instead of sitting on the sidelines!
If all that is being offered  is unaffordable and covers nothing, very few will use it at all. Most will be without coverage and will deal.
The problem w/current O.C. is a large percentage of Americans don't use due to the high deductibles they fail to meet, needs to be reduced.
obozo pormised us the same healthcare plan as congress... another lie. No faith in our congress.
who specifically would pay more?
And every time you get a raise, you will be required to pay more for your insurance-- https://www.forbes.com/sites/theapothecary/2017/06/23/republican-senate-healthcare-bill-creates-scary-marginal-tax-rates/amp/ …
You need to resign, U R causing too much turmoil, hatred, division and decent-ion
You really must try to convince your fellow republicans this is a bad idea !!
be MAGNANOMOUS approach Republican leadership in SECRET with MEDICARE PLAN LITE for all. INJURED 2007 denied VA after HONORABLE DISCHARGE!
Right now I pay nothing for a plan that covers more then your ACA ever did it's Called a Medicare Advantage Plan Covers what the ACA don't .
I get the feeling that our government just wants us to die. #Depopulation
How?They r determined to ram through their version of healthcare before summer ends. What concrete tactic do we have that will defeat greed
We have to pass it to find out what's in it. The Dem approach.
Senator Please provide talking points on how users of employer-based plans are impacted.
why don't you try no longer taking money from insurance companies and go for single payer?
If this is true. What is the less? Is it big time charges and intricate care? Small recurrent procedures could be covered in diff plan?
This just doesn't tell me enough. Can we see for ourselves? Maybe this is Republican plan and it is meant to be negotiated with Dems who
Under existing Obamacare, people are already paying more, assuming they can get insurance at all. Insurers are leaving and deductibles rise.
What's your ideas then. I haven't heard you come up with anything better.
we must defeat YOU both
Feinstein where is our “fair & equal” “ONE” FULL COVERAGE NATIONAL HEALTHCARE SYSTEM? 170,000,000+ on govt healthcare now!
"PAY MORE FOR LESS!" Description of OCare!
Do it Diane!
Stop worrying about LORETTA LYNCH! We have bigger RUSSIAN fish to fry @senfeinstein
I've paid for private Insurance and it's astronomical! Now, I'm disabled & get medicaid! I could never afford meds or the medical attention!
Senator Feinsten why don't you adopt a dog or cat, they will listen to you more than the American public.
Sounds like you are talking about Obamacare!
You're wrong. What must be defeated is liberals like you that want to give everything away.
Are you sure you are not referring to Obamacare with that description???
And how do you know this? From same people who told me I can my doctor my own plan. Are you using the same knowledge.
Please all Dems.  Fight it !!!!  Don't give up please.
That is obamacare. Do you have obamacare?
Bravo, @SenFeinstein! Fight the good fight for healthcare!
Keep fighting for our country  thank you
Your talking about Obama Care!
What do you suggest we Californians do?
Translation:  you'll pay more of what healthcare costs under Senate bill and America will borrow less money to give to you.
Actually a lot of that money comes from a tax on billionaires. That's why they want to gut ACA - tax cut for the billionaires.
No, that's Affordable Care.  What exactly did you do the last 7 years when AFCA failed PREMIUM PAYERS? Another  fine example for TERM LIMITS
Scare tactic
I'm over 50, have preexisting conditions and have expensive insurance already. I'm scared.
What are you doing to support #MedicareForAll ? How long will you allow your constituents to be ripped off by big pharma & ins industry?
What are you DOing to stop it? Bernie is on the road!
okay, defeat it
Sen Feinstein - this bill discriminates against certain groups which is unconstitutional.
"LESS" than ObamaCare?  How many states even have providers at this point?  #nosolutionsonlyobstruction #partisanrhetoric #nomessagenoseats
Yes you do !
Why don't you offer to sit down and work on this bill with GOP? What health ins. do U have? You pay or taxpayers?
LIAR! that's Obamacare 
Higher Premiums 
Higher Deductibles 
Basically paying out of pocket for nothing
Can't BS people who paid their bills
Ok go ahead. ACA will fail on its own and then what will you do.
Brilliant! 
"Less is more" only applies to #architecture, not #wealthcare
Thank you, Senator, for protecting us from this heartless, cruel bill.
“Never give in, never give in, never, never, never, never.” — Winston Churchill, 1941
#Kaepernick4Senate
Thank you!!  How can we Californians help?  We voted for YOU.
I need out ASAP... Could something pass then be adjusted later? They said legal charges will be pressed on me.
do you have any comment on @Rendon63rd's decision to block California #SinglePayer bill #SB562?
My read on it is that the version they drafted wouldn't work. Better to get it right than pass it fast.
Just heard that you are against single payer HC in Ca. What's up with that???
Under YOUR Obamacare, our premiums & deductible doubled and we had to change doctors. What are YOU doing to fix that?
Yet somehow the word "BETTER" is included into the bill name.
So sick of lies out of pols trying to migrate citizens to the Trumpsphere
So Brad you on ACA. How is that working for you now.
Great, and could not be happier. Btw anyone with any medical coverage is on ACA
You spelled obama care wrong
But the current Dem Plan #Obamacare is
just like Obamacare  but you did absolutely nothing but jam it down our throats
That's a bald-faced lie. Being closely tied-into the insurance industry I can absolutely tweet that you are a bald-faced liar #MostPlans
#CeaseAndDesistOrder NOW #LadyLibertyIS #WAITING 4 HER #TruePatriots 2 DO SOMETHING ANYTHING#CHILDREN #ELDERLY #DIASBLED #AllAtRISK
So rather than complain come up with suggestions!
So basically it's just like Obamacare
Why not donate 1/2 of your wealth and get others in Senate and Congress to do the same?
Agreed. I'm a Democrat but sick of non-committal parroting of the obvious from D reps! Less talk, more action!
I don't think his base wants to read anything anymore than he does. You think he's read it? Wait until someone's kid falls out of a tree.
We dems didn't take them seriously, wouldn't see the threat, and so now they've got us where they want us, and they'll do as they please.
I agree but it's an all white GOP male written bill in a WM heavy GOP senate +partisan band wagoners.  They don't care, just want to a "win"

How do you know that.

 crystal ball
Please explain to your followers the consequences of defunding Medi-Caid.  Thanks
If it was this simple it would be law. Are we our bother's keeper? A question for the ages.  You must answer this on your own.
The same way you defeated single payer which would cover everybody? Hypocrite.
Really need a point by point change Year over Year (YoY) to help.
If it covers you at all... like all those people in wheelchairs that were carted away.
Really into the drama, eh Sparky? Relax and enjoy another slug of Brawndo, everything will be ok.
As a small businessman I couldn't buy insurance thanks to preexisting conditions. I just want to be able to breath. This is my life!
News flash, you will still be able to. Unfortunately, people r losing insurance across the country as Obamacare collapses & you don't care?
You need to read the bill. I will not be able to be covered and if I am it will be at even more than I pay now. Personal attacks unneeded.
I follow very closely, u will have PE coverage. Yes u will pay more, only if u were irresponsible and opted not have insurance in 1st place.
You miss a payment you wait 6 months to be able to be reinsured. I know what this bill says. I hated the ACA, but I hate this more!
aren't you too busy trying to investigate Loretta Lynch?
Smash the white supremacist patriarchy! Maxine waters for president! Maxine 2020!
Oh great, we go from a goofy reality tv star to that big-mouthed, crooked nut MaxinePad? Might as well just go with Pres Camacho.
