Among hundreds of HC lobbyist, who manipulate HC legislation, R former congress members (revolvers).  How can taxpyrs compete w/insiders & $
Lets cut your salary your retirement benefits your health care ins FIRST
Very excited to see @KamalaHarris support the Medicare-For-All plan sponsored by @SenSanders ...Encouraging you STRONGLY to do the same.
Senator, you need to get with the times and sign on to medicare for all. Stop being late to the party.
This means you're signing on to #MedicareForAll , yes?
Ah the inspiring slogan of "access to healthcare for the rich" will surely work better than endorsing single payer
Why aren't you supporting #MedicareForAll? We cannot claim to be "the best country" if those that work for us (i.e. YOU) won't step up.
Your silence in deafening...and telling
#disappointed #youlostmyvote
Maybe consider signing on to the Medicare-for-all plans going around?  It's past time the US joined the rest of the world.
This is literally a picture of her sitting around a table with the people who killed single payer in California.
Single payer not going to stop lobbiest in the medical industry ask this bitch how much she pocketed from RX companies
Just not Medicare for All right Nancy 
GET ON BOARD WITH @BernieSanders AND @KamalaHarris health car NOW! What are you waiting for?
Lobbyist are the reason 4 run away HC costs.  They have worked congress w/ donations & bribes.  HC disaster is the result.  Vote them out!
If you aren't for #MedicareForAll you better work on protecting your job. You represent the most progressive state in the nation act like it
#Medicare4All or lose my vote
Why are you ignoring your constituents, Senator? Please support Sanders' bill. If not, please have the courage to say you won't.
Crime ring!  There R more lobbyists in HC than any other industry.  Hundreds of professionals manipulating Congress 4 favorable legislation?
Medicare for all!!!  Please join @BernieSanders
This is a bunch of political theater if you do not support Medicare-for-all! Co-Sponsor the bill or enjoy your last term as CA Senator
'Access to Healthcare' isn't healthcare. Please support #MedicareForAll
This needs to be updated. @SenFranken has signed on.
It's time for #MedicareForAll Dianne!
Please support the Medicare For All initiative that colleague Kampala Harris supports. We need you onboard.
Please cosponsor Bernie's Medicare for all bill. How much have you received from the healthcare and pharmaceutical industries? Looking bad.
this is just smoke and mirrors unless you support #medicareforall. join bernie or expect to get removed from your seat.
"CHA is one of the largest hospital trade associations in the nation," they represent THE HOSPITALS, NOT the patients!
I hope there were no Catholics there.  The dogma would upset me.
Progressive Twitter: @CalHospitals is the group that killed #SB562, along with private insurance lobbyists!

How much is padding your pocket or your family/friends?
The overwhelming response seems to be you should sign on to support #Medicare4All what's taking you so long?
Senator Feinstein, please provide action to your words and support #MedicareForAll
I'm one of the 30M ACA EXCLUDED.
The global standard is healthcare for all.
That costs less tha ACA. Everywhere.
Most Americans want universal health care. What are we waiting for?
https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2017/aug/14/healthcare-a-human-right-bernie-sanders-single-payer-system?CMP=share_btn_tw …
Why haven't you signed on for the Medicare for all act? What are you waiting for? Seriously, what are you waiting for?
If u don't sign-on with Bernie's #MedicareForAll bill, you will be replaced. The people aren't going to put up with your corruption anymore!
Yet you won't support #Medicare4All
Support single payer and show that democrats bring an actual alternative for healthcare. The market had enough time and failed.
No one should profit from human sickness and suffering! #SupportSinglePayer #MFA
Please think of real people not corporations and co-sponsor Bernie's Medicare for All bill. #MFA
You are not protecting California. You stand in the way of our healthcare and #Medicare4All
I hear single payer is a pretty good option here
Californians want you to co-sponsor the #Medicare4All Bill.  We're watching you.
Senator, you have 2 choices:
1. Support Senator Sanders' #MedicareForAll bill
2. Lose your job in next primary

Those are your choices.
SUPPORT BERNIE'S BILL or we will come for you, politically. Harris is already on our side bc of the pressure. We will come for you.
Thanks to @SenFeinstein for her leadership and support for CA hospitals and their patients.
Does that mean you're FINALLY getting on board #medicarefor or what?
Dang. Not one African American in on that discussion. 
Nothing good can come from Democrats organizing.
Sen Feinstein: why haven't you co-sponsored @SenSanders #Medicare4All bill? Come on, We need you! #SinglePayerNow
@SenFeinstein answers to money, not constituents or begging . She's not deserving of respect. She is against us.
Trump! This is what intelligent people look like.
Hey California wants single payer now
"Protecting access" is a meaningless word dump. Advocate for what your constituents want and support @SenSanders #Medicare4All
Time for #MedicareForAll
Thank You! Sen.Dianne Friends, Your California friends are my Calfornia friends; I'd like to think that way at least. Wishful THINKING
Senator, your false labeling of patriot prayer as white supremacists which led to violence is detailed by NYT here
As a CA constituent it's my duty to inform you, and others, that if you don't sign onto Medicare For All you don't have my vote
Not a lot of diversity in this pic.  Funny how y'all call this out when it suits your narrative.
SENATOR BELIEVE THIS I'M ON YOUR SIDE! I'M HELPING BOTH YOU AND GOD!
SENATOR GOD PROMISED IF WE CAN FIX THIS !THERE WOULD BE THOUSANDS OF YEARS OF PEACE AND PROSPERITY !GOD KEEPS HIS WORD!
SENATOR THESE EVENTS ARE FORETOLD BECAUSE TIME IS A PARADOX ON THIS WORLD !THERE IS ONLY CERTAIN THINGS YOU CAN ONLY DO TO ALTER THIS!
I have called your office 3 times. DC 2x, and L.A. once. Support @SenSanders #Medicare4All bill.
Catholics included?
Please support Medicare For All. It's not controversial. It's long past due for our country.
You probably just talked about FREEBIES to everyone that wants healthcare!!
time to retire dear, there is someone that wants to represent the 99% and his name is @David4SenateCA . please vote for him in 2018. thanks
Was that the single payer strategy committee.
Support medicare for all
Ask them of they are warning their patients..
Not a very diverse group.
Thank you Senator.
But do you answer your office phone calls??
