Here’s the key point about the Republican health care bill: It takes coverage away from millions to cut taxes for the richest Americans!
And it will end up costing the country more impacting local emergency rooms and even school lunch programs
And rural hospitals won't be able to weather the storm of high uninsured. Access will move to large urban areas.
kids with illness like type A diabetes & asthma will suffer w/o healthcare to manage their condition. Their illness doesn't just go away
Dear Socialist NO Emergency room will turn the kid down wake up and learn,
The ER is the most expensive and inefficient way to manage chronic illness. Cutting Medicaid will harm.
Nope the taxpayers and insured pick it up. Or Medical/Medicade and it is very much abused. That needs to be fixed.
. How will cutting *Medicaid* fix the abuse of the ER? Medicaid is taxpayer funded care. No name calling.
It's crazy that the elected leadership for 1/2 the nation is being kept in the dark. Shame on you @GOP
U mean acting like Democrats isn't acceptable.  That's how the ACA passed.
Thank you so much Senator Feinstein for your leadership.
why can't the gov't set up a non profit basic insurance for all american citizens, then they can cadillac up if they have the means
Knight, paige, you know what a no-choice, single healthcare system would be like?  Ever been to the DMV?  Do they care about their jobs?
put a sock in it bob, the electrician

you mean single payer like in the UK? where my father comes from? yeah, it's a lot better than USA
keep talking.  You want healthcare that's NOT dependent on quality, and NOT force to improve due to competitors.
and yet australia & GB still have better healthcare than USA

are you being paid by the healthcare lobby?
No... They don't...  Their healthcare systems are rationed nightmares, with some wait times as long as six months.  you're brainwashed.
You mean following what Osama and Dems did is not acceptable?   Gee, that's too bad.  Stick it in ur pipe and smoke it.
@SenateGOP  #ShowUsTheBill #WeThePeople are watching, Remember we will be voting in the future no matter how hard you try to kill that!
Elelctions have ideological consquences and one of them is that when one party holds power the other must deal them for a period of time.
How can you reason with @GOP & it's lobotimized leadership?!!
What!!!! Democrats passed the specious ACA without anyone reading it before they supported it. #DemocratsPassedTheBillToSeeWhatWasInIt
Stop using facts... The left hates facts and truth.

If McConnell wants to go nuclear with no hearings or debate Dems should filibuster by amendment during the reconciliation vote-a-rama 1/2
Depending on how many amendments you throw at them you could keep it up til  mid-terms. Go get 'em @SenFeinstein #ShowUsTheBill 2/2
U mean like Dems did?  "We have to pass it....." BS!
There is no rule that says he must listen. So he won't.  

But keep fighting, we are actually depending on you, and all blues to help.
Balls has been in #democrats court for a while now. Where's your PROPOSAL?
Shut down the Senate until Republicans do their job the right way! #ShowUsTheBill #Trumpcare
where are you @fawfulfan ?
We cant know whats in it till it passes!! Sound familiar? Keep whining, Trump will keep passing legislation. Communist revolution = over
I recall dozens of public hearings & adoption of R amendments. Congress passes bills, but none proposed by our whiner in chief.
Funny, I remember Pelosi saying that we had to pass ACA to find out what's in it, was it ok then?
Thank you Senator. I hope he responds in a positive manner.
Thank you @SenFeinstein. No 1 is above the law/rules of the Senate. It's #AbuseOfPower to govern this irresponsibly. #TrumpRussia #Resist 
The blatant quid pro quo of @SenateMajLdr to have wife in the Administration or is it permissible? #GOP going for the record indictments?
Don't let them win, tell us citizens what we can do to help.  We are writing and making our voices heard but they are not listening
More than one meeting please.
Wishing you the very best luck Senator, but I just can't imagine there being any satisfaction there.  Hooray4CA!
Your protest gets in the way of progress and the country is in shambles
Good the American people are right beside you! God Bless you.
Yes!!
It's one thing to steal money from us, but this will literally kill people.
Take a good look@ these faces...they all have great health care, but like many Conservatives they don't want 2 share their good fortune...
Especially with the poor, and low to middle wage earning citizens of our country. See any similarities in this group?
Correction to the title you give him - he is a so-called leader. You would not have to beg a real leader to do that which is right.
Senator Feinstein you are a real leader and a woman of conscience. #Healthcare bills should not be kept a secret before its Senate vote.
@brianmacian #ShowUsTheBill
#SinglePayerNow
"We have to pass the bill to see what's in it" -Pelosi. ROTFLMAO
Go, Senator F, go!  We are behind you ! Thank you for fighting the good fight from Texas!
Exactly
Glad someone is standing up to that Traitor to the American PPL

This has got to be the most juvenile @SenateGOP @HouseGOP that has ever existed in history..even G.Bush attorney Richard Painter knows this
Thank you!
There nothing you can do with McConnell. He put the H in hypocrisy.
#GOP'sscared wont show
We need to hear more from you guys. Be louder, be forceful, and call out the GOP for all their hypocrisy. This is a time to be very visible.
Thank you, Senator. Please do whatever it takes to stop the GOP from repealing the ACA and taking away our healthcare!
I demand to stop paying the IRS for insurance I do not have!!!! Sickening
GOP healtgcare bill preventing public a chance to review it. Our lives depend on it.  Call to demand @SenateMajLdr show us the bill. Thnx
After stealing the supreme court seat this evil monster is capable of doing anything he has to be arrested or put out to pasture
McConnell has done more to damage the US government than any other person in the US Congress in the last 50 years!
Bwahahaha YOU ARE 8 fu.c*** years late to demand ANYTHING! Ocare biggest FRAUD DEBACLE! You VOTED!  the MELODRAMATIC BULLCRAP!    
No regular order.
KEEP FIGHTING! THE SNEAKY SENATE AHCA VOTE......THEY ARE UNSCRUPULOUS !!
The only thing wrong here is the use of the word 'leader'.
Thank you, Sen. Feinstein! I'm glad you care. My @JeffFlake & @SenJohnMcCain don't seem to care if I lose my insurance or my health!right?
Passing a deeply, historically, unpopular bill without hearings or  releasing the text is #stealthcare reform no one needs or asked for.
@wildwillow65 Please #Resist & #persist, senator! We need people inside & outside govt to turn back the damages @GOP has done!
Thank you @SenFeinstein !
You'll find him in his powder room, clutching his pearls..
The GOP needs to be honest in how much they participated on ACA!  If they put on the floor a bill not everybody got to read....treasonous!
Please stop doing ANY BUSINESS in the senate while McConnell pleats these games!!!
Thank you Senator
It's about time. Even if we lose the battle the American people need to know the Democratic Party fights for them.
That's a little better, "demanding" but still not enough. Stop all business as usual, restore democracy no matter what it takes. #fedup
#AHCA Bill & last presidential election were conducted under similar veils of darkness. #WeThePeople must challenge both. #ShowUsTheBill
Don't demand it too soon, Senator--we don't want to hurry this along, remember.
Time to shut the Senate down. No more agreement on anything while GOP hides bill.
Thank you Senator! Please, shut down *all* Senate business until this bill gets a full public hearing.
Define "demand"
That health plan and the republicans are a total disaster. Like their boss!!!
good - thank you!
Rock it. #ShowUsTheBill
From Virginia, thank you for fighting for us all.
Thank you!!!
It's he a man or a louse?
It wasn't indefensible when you passed your health bill on Christmas night without debate. Welcome to YOUR world.
Unless people wake up/revolt at grass root level... you can't do anything...move  constituents..not drunk Reps @SenKamalaHarris
I believe your actions are obstruction , are your telling your constitutents to make threatening phone calls to ?
How are you telling people they are going to die , when you haven't seen the bill. How many dead republicans do you want to see ?
Good work, Senator. Thank you. #Persist
@SenateMajLdr is a corrupt weasel 
DeDe, It's similar to 2010 when the ACA was passed without a single @gop vote
Thank you!! This fight is worth everything you have to throw at it.
I could not agree more Madam Senator!
How is this ok? What is going on? Lordy! Lol. Y'all r at THE top of government, why is this even "a thing" Our system must be broken..
@nstretcher Time to play hardball! #WITHHOLDCONSENT #filibusterbyamendment #VoteARama #showusthebill #iamapreexistingcondition
This process is the same immorality as what they did to Obama's Supreme Court nomination.
Have you considered withholding consent and committing to a "filibuster by amendment" for this bill? Might be more impactful.
This is great news! Keep up the good work @TheDemocrats @SenateDems @SenFeinstein Put this in your arsenal:
Please tell me exactly why articles of impeachment have not been filed on McConnell's abuse of power?
Republicons are all lying pieces of shit, good luck with a meeting, now they can lie to your face
Thank you Senator Feinstein (and @SenKamalaHarris) for taking the lead in halting this death march @GOP is sneakily trying to enact!
Do your part.
Universal healthcare please!
Thank you! the republicans are making a mockery of the legislative process!
Keep this intense pressure up! We must stop this madness, and protect the millions of people counting on healthcare!
Keep fighting!  Pls put pressure on them constantly!
You mean like you did with ocare?
The GOP has decided to take over our country whether we like it or not. They're the stormtroopers running the show now. We MUST STOP THEM!
Good luck. McConnell is at the core of the problem.
Thank you Sen Weinstein and @KamalaHarris, leadership so needed against this assault on our healthvare
Thank you Senator Feinstein!
Yes! Keep it up!
hahahahahahahahahaha
Mr Reid's tenure established this precedent. I don't recall hearing these complaints from you then.
THank you! NO bill should be rushed in sight unseen! Esp one that is literally life&death for so many
Go get 'em @SenFeinstein ! Don't let McConnell handle the Dems. We need the @GOP to play by the rules. We want to see a scored bill.
Thank you!!!
Colluding with the Russians seems more honorable than the moronic card trick these rat-bastards are staging within the walls of the Capitol.
GOP treason manifests itself in many ways.
Just don't expect him to be reasonable
@neeratanden stop the process-no unanimous consent on anything to start
You need to pull a stunt to get this on the front page - lack of coverage is making this too easy on the GOP...
Can you get him to show his tax returns, he's made an awful lot of money from Russians friends!
Oh, but Dianne, you know that you have to vote on it in order to read it.  That's just common democrat knowledge!
thank you!
I'm your constituent and agree Sen. McConnell must answer to his back room governing! America has right to know.
@robportman only cares about giving his rich friends that bribe him a tax cut and is happy to murder poor people along the way
wow. bold move
R & D hypocrisy flips are hilarious - surely she realizes the D position just a few years ago was "We have to pass it to see what is in it"?
read facts: 
210 Republican amendments proposed to ACA, 161 were included
Hundreds of hearings
Fact: Harry Reid blocked all R amendments and open debate attempts on the Senate floor with powers he assumed by passing Senate rule changes
Which sucks, because now Trump and the Republicans have those consolidated crony powers and will use them to do their bidding ...
It's sad how Left and Right Twixers alike are so blinded by their partisan desire to support these two gangs of thugs.
Thank you, Senator, for being proactive on health care and on the #russia  investigation!
Tag it as #MeanTrumpCare and he'll pay more attention!
Come on, do more than that. File thousands of amendments. Stop all Senate business.
It's not a process it's a take over by Republicans and Corporate America! Healthcare is just a business to them it's not about saving life!
At $3600 a month for a bottle of hiv meds will spend me out if Trump gets his way , this should be considered a death panel not HC for all.
Maybe you should have thought twice before letting Obama, Pelosi, and Reid strongarm even your own fellow Dems on the ACA?
Filibuster by amendment!
@metaquest We call GOP health care in Oklahoma, "Polite Genocide"!
Hunger strike outside their office, propose amendments, do all the things to stall this terrible bill
McConnell is not a leader. A leader wouldn't behave like this. He is a piece of crap
Yes, it is! We have to elect people who can clean up the muddy potholes in law or protocol, the mud holes current administration waddles in.
GOP Congress are in Violation of Article I of the U.S. Constitution.
Enjoin immediately & inform the judge it's of top natl interest 
@ACLU
Article I Demands that Congress members faithfully represent the citizens of their states.
GOP Denied access to the bill & a public hearing!
Good point . . . Now if we can get all the wasky wabbits to chomp on this carrot ... @TrueFactsStated @funder @SethAbramson #theResistance
THANK you Senator Feinstein! Your constituent
Unconstitutional Congress members of Any party Can't Deny by Secrecy a different party's Congress members' right to represent their citizens
Can it be halted by being ENJOINED, thereby issuing a court injunction ordering the GOP Secrecy be stopped? Dems DENIED, can't do Their job!
Push like hell for single payer like we are in Cali with CA562. I need a fucking hernia operation.
You have to pass it to see what's in it!
It's about time!!!
THANK U SENATOR
Are you going to do the vote a rama if the GOP uses reconciliation to try to ram it through?Words are cheap @SenFeinstein @SenKamalaHarris
Yes please fight them on this and get others do the same.  Filibuster until they include you. It is wrong what McConnell is doing
If they vote it through without any review can we stop it?
Thank you.
What took so fuckin long tho
Is that like when @TheDemocrats were approving disastrous obamacare an @NancyPelosi said they need to "pass it to see whats in it" #failure
Bring the senate to a grinding halt! Withhold concent! These are desperate times, stand up for Californians!
You don't remember you buddy Rep Pelosi saying we have to pass the bill to know what's in it?
Make Repubs agree to have whatever the replacement to the ACA is as their own health insurance.  That will make them think twice.
Go @SenFeinstein. The GOP is pulling a legislative coup. Filibuster.
@kincaid323 Thank you, Madam.
This bill needs scrutiny of medical professionals! Rs more concerned with their owners,I mean donors,than what's best 4 constituents!
Bring snake McConnell out from under his rock&make him publicly explain what's in this tax care 4 the rich monstrosity.
it is indeed indefensible. after all, no dirty parliamentary tricks were used to pass ACA!
Senator Feinstein, Russia is tearing down affordable housing in Moscow to make way for new development. Wondering who's investing?
It's downright corrupt as well...  Go get these crooks.
No Bill should ever be written in secret! #ShowUsTheBill
Dems must write unlimited amendments to stall the bill till made public 
Dems & Rep will go down in history for a genocide of the vulnerable
Good luck with that
Rule 14, Reconciliation, Revenge of Reid!
No State may  write a bill n deny another State the ability to debate said bill as it is being written. Who made Kentucky King? Republicans
Screw the meeting. File a emergency injunction to cease n desist this blatant obstruction to deny the citizens of Illinois  its rights.
horrible!  It's like we live in some kind of dictatorship from the 17th Century & again all men deciding everything for women
As is your RIGHT & obligation @SenFeinstein @SenateDems - withhold consent & filibuster by amendments; lives are at stake! #ProtectOurCare
#TrumpCareNoCare
#Show Us the Bill!!
#Show us the bill
.Demand all you want...see what happens...
Thank you, Senator Feinstein!
True, but what about all the other processes - drones/extrajudicial killings...spying on citizens...
I find McConnell as 'Leader' of anything, "indefensible"!
It's unconscionable!  We are, I thought, a representative democracy not dictatorship where laws are passed in secret.
But Senator you are no different then the Republicans so why such a grandstanding? We know who you are. In bed with Corporations
What do you want from him Dianne he doesn't like taking viagra - this works better! 
With respect, Senator, fuck that. Start introducing amendments. Hundreds. Under reconciliation they all have to be debated and voted on.
Proud to be your constituent 
Thankyou demand we the people see this bill
Thank you, Senator!
Unconscionable @SenateMajLdr #ShowUsTheBill #AHCAKillBill
Good luck. This man proved his disrespect for democratic norms when he trashed the Constitution denying a vote on Obama's SCOTUS nominee
Thank you @SenFeinstein .
Thank YOU FOR BEING A NO BS REPRESENTATIVES OF PEOPLE WHO YOU TRULY SERVE
