yet you voted to appoint Wilbur Ross to Sec of Commerce. You've disappointed this constituent enough to vote you out.
I think Feinstein is retiring not 100% I also think some are giving the swamp some rope..
Also FYI Feinstein is fundraising hard, has dropped very strong hints she will run again.
It's gonna rain shoes eventually. mutal assured destruction and likely cooperation.
thank you for all your work. Please continue to fight for the truth about any sessions-Russia link.
he should resign
Support your efforts but resignation is his only option.
What is your involvement with Russia? Schumer? Pelosi? Podesta? Clinton? McCaskill? Durbin? Murphy? Obama? We need to know!
they don't sell America allies for election help
Sold out Israel.
payment ?????lies
Obama used taxpayer money to interfere in Israel's elections in an attempt to defeat Netanyahu.
LOL you are nuts and uninformed
Lol. Look it up.
look at the Demo-wit puppets - they have their marching orders cuz they're bought & paid for by the puppet master. Treasonous!
Dear Senator Feinstein, is declaration of Marshall Law by US military an option for investigation of TrumpRussia
Witch hunt. Next on the agenda is your attack on the 2nd Amendment. Embarrassed to be from CA
please move
You see the State stats and what is happening with the state population? Soon no middle class, takers and those taken
one of the best economies and not being poisoned by industrial waste ,other middle class gone elsewhere
How about congress not excepting our Franken’s Resignation. You have put apples and oranges together!
We must have at least a SMIDGEN of evidence before we jump to conclusions.  More evidence of wiretap by Obama than this!!!
everyone look - wacktavists and Demo-wits have their matching orders. Tear a real President down. 2018 can't come fast enough!
independent commission is necessary immediately to investigate Trump, Sessions, & the rest of his band of  cronies
Please do what you can on this.  America wants to know about Russian ties to Washington.
I agree, Sen Feinstein
Diane,, you were the best as a supervisor/mayor/senator..  Our party has changed to thugs/loudmouths/ and destructive gangs.
Crimea back off promised for wiki leaks email dumps in election???
. We as Americans have a right to see all requests for warrants and investivation from Obama Admin.  This smells all over.
You do no have a clue about anything. Do you actually think for yourself or make it up as you go.To you a lie is truth.
Try to catch up Dianne. Everyone knows now many senators met with the Russian ambassador just like Sessions did.
it's more vital to know if Pres Obama wire tapped Trump Towers
We want a FULL investigation...!  We may be in harm's way right now!!  #russiagate
no it isnt. This is a comspiracy and a witch hunt.
please move to impeach trump, your country needs you, dema love you #ImpeachTrump
stop playing gotcha games and get to work #partisanpolitics #termlimitsforcongress
please call for his resignation.
Did this matter to you at the time// https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l-HqHSkYG-Y …
thank you for persisting
Dianne, ever meet with Russian ambassador?
Bet you have
you are a waste of life along with the rest of the democrats. We will vote you out as well
Agree. And @realDonaldTrump @POTUS must know Schumer & Pelosi met w/ Russians overtly; unlike Trump's team who met COVERTLY.
Quick reminder: There's still no evidence Russia rigged the election. Unlike the solid evidence we have that The Democrats did
let's investigate all Democrats while we're at it.
every one ..i can't find her funding page starting to wonder if she removed it
I agree. How will we find out
it's vital he resign. Toughen up
@realDonaldTrump and his whole cabinet needs to be investigated or just thrown out. Nothing but lies corruption and traitors
Need independent investigation
What difference, at this point, does it make? Bwahahaha! 
#doublestandards
it's vital you call for his resignation, not just his recusal. Get on board with the Dems, lady!
sessions resign but answer in person first. Senator hold a town hall in SoCal.
I want to know if and how Russia committed the alleged crime. Then we can allege that Sessions was involved.
#TRUMP #AG #SESSIONS KNEW best to KEEP his SPEW TRAP shut had nothing to LOSE play TRUMP game got lucky trump WON
Care to come forward about all your colleagues involvement with the Russians the past 25years namely Hiltlery
recusal is NOT enough. Sessions must resign. We're talking *perjury* by the AG.
OMG! Seems like Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi have had some meetings with Russian diplomats!  Stop the phony politics!
this saddens me greatly that some in congress would look the other way thank god for the brave people that leak information
I believe you are going to find out that putten bought several people it appears the Russian have infiltrated our government
Why do ALL democrats say the same thing (Pelosi, Schumer, you)? Do any of you think for themselves?
Yes, why the delay?
It's vital u step down from a life of luxury on the Taxpayer dime.
you're an embarrassment. The Democratic party is a mess. Russia, Russia, Russia.
no senate hearings on sessions/Russia ties? Why not
It's VITAL that Pelosi,Waters,Warren get Medical EVALUATION'S Now!
it's vital Jefferson Beauregard Sessions be REMOVED!
please demand his resignation!
#ImpeachSessions
no issue with seeking the truth, but your partisanship is despicable and will lead to more losses in 2018. Thank you.
The Dems' obstruction & attempts to delegitimize our President is seditious. Work with the adm. for the people of CA to MAGA!
What was the relationship between Sessions and Carter Page? And did they meet before the election?
it's vital that you immediately call for sessions resignation! He is already well past that!
“With their mouths the godless destroy their neighbors, but through knowledge the righteous escape.”
Proverbs 11:9
Thank you Dianne.
Thank you for pursuing this.
WE NEED ANSWERS.  DO OLIGARCHS FUND TRUMP BUSINESSES?  BAIL HIM OUT OF DEBT?  WHAT ARE THEY HOLDING OVER HIS HEAD?
sheeple
How do we discover this?
Wow. #fullstop #period
Sessions, trump, Pence, Kurshner,,  ALL OF THEM DIANNE. Put  ALL OF THEM in jail.   Drain the swamp
Trump, ALL Trump’s family, ALL Trump’s campaign & Admin staff be questioned & say EXACTLY WHAT THEIR RUSSIAN CONTACTS WERE ABT
do NOT just limit Russian questions 2 b about Trump’s campaign: MAKE SURE THEY REVEAL ALL INFO, DON'T LIMIT UR INVESTIGATION!
During Post-Crimea Era or before due to Georgia trouble ex cetera?  I used Putin in a Novel years ago and Russia seemed okay?
Thank you, Sen. Feinstein. Also feel strongly that Sessions should resign. We have no confidence in his ability to do his job.
at this point what person involved in the Trump campaign did not have ties or spark to #Russia? There is smoke !
Sessions has to go, we want him to step down and be investigated!
you need trumps tax returns
@iowa_trump @SenFeinstein @FBI @USAGSessions @TGowdySC @POTUS SO DID OBAMA AND HIS SLUSH FUND
how much money are you skimming off your husbands $1B contract for the high speed waste of money train?  $100M??  More??
But was Nancy Pelosi & Chuck Schumer since 2007 RUSSIA to 2017 and the Uranium Deal with Obama & CLINTONS Investigate It NOW !
Come on, Dianne. You have got to be louder.
go nail them
It us routine that Senators meet with foreign dignitaries at capitol where General Sessions met as part of previous duties!
Dig deep Senator!!  This man is terrifying and the proof MUST be found!!
my guess would be yes he did they wanted the White House so bad They would have done anything
