It's a party of women-haters, including the female self haters among them.
Really? Female self-haters? It's a tough pill to swallow, but you can't stand on your own two feet with gov $ in your pocket. #MAGA
What does that have to do with defunding Planned Parenthood?
Planned parenthood is not the only option for women. To be truly independent we must take responsibility for all aspects of our lives. #MAGA
And how is going to PP not taking control of your life?
She means taking control of your life by using your own coat hanger and not someone else's
Yes, it's sad when women put down other women for needing things like contraception and mammos and family planning, cancer screening etc
I'm not putting anyone down. Empowered women don't need the gov to pay for them. They pay for themselves. We are not victims!  #MAGA
Take it out of public funds. Simple. Right to choose - not on governments dime. #MAGA
Then fight as hard as you can to make sure it doesn't pass Senate? Do I think you are? Not hard enough.
You've been reveling in the opportunity to kill fetuses since 1973! Now your bitching about "free" birth control. What next? Surrogate sex?
Time for CA to support #humanrights & #EqualityForAll and change the law requiring insurers to cover abortion. Abortion isn't healthcare!
Let's call this the Mike Pence Christo Facist unconstitutional rule. I believe that's unconstitutional.
keep fighting for us we appreciate it
Would like to know why Feinstein hasn't commented much of late.
Time for major protests across the country. Enough of their small hinded hate tactics. Protest and be heard! We are the Resistance.
Haha! Just white noise now. You lame leftist already blew your spotlight protesting over nothing for the last 3 months. Nobody is listening
Laugh now. Change is coming U & your Nutzis in the house are gone. We are bidding our time. GOP haven't won anything yet, just sold out.
Who gives a sh@t about California?
Idiocracy
Time to call this TrumpCare.
We want the list of who voted for this bill! Are they same losers as the last bill they tried to pass?
This sounds like modern slavery in the United States is now starting
Wth? Are we in the twilight zone. Keep fighting senator
You've been schooled... Support Medicare for all or you can just go away because we aren't taking no for an answer!.
Uh, time to start talking to your fellow California representatives, i.e. republican house members, since they all voted yes!
This sounds like modern slavery in the United States is now starting
Please define reproductive "health care"...
Damned Big Government Freedom Caucus!
Fight it, Diane #VoteNoAHCA
Start following Federal Law and quit whining.
Kick his ass!
What about all that power and overall awesomeness that was going to be shifted back to the states? It's almost as the AHCA is garbage.
Can we just secede already?
3 years and 9 months and then we rebuild America.
Right. As if that would be the "only" reason any tax credits would have been blocked/denied from the fascist republic of California
You are going to block this bill. It should never see the light of day.
Yeah but no problems for erectile dysfunction!  Pretty obvious we have too many bigoted misogynists in this country!
Maybe they should rename it "Wealthcare"
I think you have something there @petitt_wayne !
California is full of libs  who cares??
great tweet
Just when you think you think you couldn't loathe the GOP any more. They find a smarmy, money grubbing way.
California has a slush fund somewhere. Or, raid the OHV funds like you guys always do. Kamala Harris is ready to sniff out the challenge.
Off topic here, but just want to say I respect your demeanor & honesty in Comey hearing & your public comments afterwards. Thank you!
"Reproductive healthcare" is code for mudering mostly minority babies.
All states should be covering reproductive health. Women are people, too.
Cali is the 7th largest economy in the world. We'll just keep the money so they don't have to give it right back to us. #NoMoneyFromCali
when the people speak who with the power to take action listen
The power of action is in
As the most populous state, we need to fight back and expand coverage to Californians.
Well, that'll go nowhere except court. Never has an administration been so blatantly at war w/its citizens. #Impeach
This is outrageous! What are we headed for, a dictatorship?
Is that just another way of saying abortions? You should be so proud of supporting a million + abortions each year.
It's a war on #california
That can't be legal?!?!?
What is up with the suppression of women theme??
Too Frekin bad.
@KevinDarryl @rie_rie76 This is blackmail #StopGOP #STOPTRUMP
@SenFeinstein why don't you support single payer or Medicare for all?
Is this true in Oregon too, then?
You mean abortions.
1st time in History Every American was able to have Decent Medical Insurance...

GOP Stole it from us
Trump an GOP hates Calif Because We Fight for our Rights and Protect ALL PEOPLE
Apalling! Covering reproductive health care is a problem?How do they think they got here? So sad to attack our most innocent.
Has there been a solution to the Cadillac tax that keeps getting deferred? Need a to be addressed, don't you think?
We, in California have no business forcing people to pay for reproductive health care when they will never use it!
Fuck that! We hold arses like @SteveKnight25 accountable. We will mobilize Simi and put him out of work and onto Trumpcare, since he s it.
Women are still second class citizens. And now all the men around us are being treated that way too. Equal opportunity discrim
#abortion is not #healthcare it is health cancel. That child is #dead! No dead person ever needed Healthcare! #tcot #ccot #tlot #millennial
Horrors! You cover those nasty, icky nether parts? 
@GOP  you ALL came from those parts! 
#AHCAVote
I was raised in CA your state has become a total joke .
Thanks for your leadership! Californians will keep fighting!
this is a perfect example of the hidden religious, misoginist, bigoted su text at play. Go get 'em Ms. F!
Now that those of us who are in Republican "led" congressional districts have been ignored and blocked by our reps, please vote against ACHA
You must stop them!  It's past time for impeachment!  #LockTHEMUp
What happened to leaving stuff to the states...
Withhold federal taxes and see how fast they come around?
We gotta get back the house and senate first, get presidency back in 2020; Repeal all Trump orders on day 1; And NEVER trust a GOP EVER!
AMA and AARP are against this.  One group represents doctors and the other represents patients.  Who do these Republicans represent? Not me
Stop giving our CA tax money to Feds then.
Isn't there an equal protection issue here?
Well said Senator. I'm a proud Californian and happy you are fighting for us.
As it does in NY
You mean all of these arguments about 'states rights' for all of these years were just pretextual ? I AM SHOCKED! 
You mean abortion....
Time to consider #calexit 
#bluexit
Sue them for age and gender discrimination.  Age, both men and women and women because they will unduly limit care options.
These Zounderkite Republicans just hung themselves politically.
It's really a Billionaire/Health Insurance Co. Bailout plan.
I love it.  But, what about the gay and transgender?  Don't you care?
Thank You So Much Senator Feinstein for All You do for USA, for Us American People& for Your Constituents.  We are Blessed&Grateful For You!
My Blood is Boiling and I could Just Spit Fire at These Corrupt, Thieving Nazi Criminal GOP Members Stealing Healthcare from Americans to..
Give Tax Cuts to The Top Wealthiest 1%. This is an Evil Immoral Crime Against Humanity, against Hardworking American People. THIS IS WAR!
ewe I am madder than Fire!  YES WE CAN! YES WE WILL and YES WE ARE! #RESIST
.@SenFeinstein That is soooo messed up.

But remember...the #GOP didn't read the bill they voted on.
If you don't like it you can take your state and leave!!! #termlimits #TRUMPISYOURPRESIDENT
You gave Trump a pass when I comes to Trump Russia. You own this.
What?  Nooooo...
List of assholes who voted YES to give the rich a tax break and kill Americans.
How Every Member Voted on the House Health Care Bill https://nyti.ms/2pa3QqL 
TY! These people don't give a shit. You can't pull yourself by your bootstraps when you are sick....
Yup, hang in there!
Wtf? You see Justice Kennedy might retire?
Yup... uggggh
Just kill me.
LAWSUIT! #VoteNoAHCA
So we keep our taxes instate.....let them feel our power
My gratitude goes out to you for so vocally standing firm this past week. CA has great pride in you. I'm so disappointed in Issa. My rep.
Withhold your federal tax collections from these American Taliban cretins.
They're shameful, throwing their own constituents under the bus. And when we get crushed, we're not covered!!!
The @HouseGOP &  @SenateGOP want pregnant F to have the baby, but are saying it's a #preexistingcondition #fakeprolifers
We need you to fight this ridiculous plan with everything you've got! (We begged Issa to vote no but he refused to listen to us!)
My reaction is good!  Now all u libs will have to remove illegals and deadbeats from all the free stuff!
Thank you for your continued leadership Sen Feinstein
Take this to the streets. Hateful bastards.
Despicable
And allows murders to run free in sanctuary cities
sweet!!!!!!
They think this plan is ok for ALL of us, but conveniently exclude themselves from this plan. Congress gets to keep their current ACA cvg.
They claim to b pro-life but remove the mandates for  prenatal cvg, maternity cvg, & postnatal  frm insurance plans?????.
Just evil. Lots of venal old men with no heart.
Why not talk about these instead of smearing James Comey, Senator? https://www.armed-services.senate.gov/hearings 
Take care of killing this when it comes to the Senate, then.
Be honest @SenFeinstein, California has the highest % of national tax credits where money just ends up in general fund to pay pensions & med
We know its the beginning of a Style of punishment ... Oh well, Some of us know How to survive regardless of Support from Our SUPERIORS ...
Define reproductive health care, please? Do you mean abortions?
Trump will punish California & NewYork, for not voting bigly for him. That, was entirely predictable. No one should be surprised!!!
Excellent. It's time you joined the union
What?!?How is that legal? #FlipTheHouse NOW
Republicans that voted for the AHCA need to go in 2018.
It is up to you now. Your constituents will be watching to see how hard you fight for us.
Then it's up to the Senate to vote it down!!
Some CA GOP Reps will pay. Districts of Royce, Issa, Denham, Rohrabacher, Steve Knight and Valadao went for Clinton, a few by 10+ pts.
Senator, hold back some precious Blue state money. No extra handout money to Red states that gave us Trump in the 1st place!
Looking forward to the rallies this coming week in front of Republican offices.
Well maybe California should start withholding tax revenue from the Fed and see how long they last.
Maybe the Feds should relocate the $880M/year assets in CA to find out how much taxes can CA pay. They are broke anyway.
Just evil and mean spirited. Dictatorship.
I just got off the phone with your very busy staff. I was ALREADY outraged #TrumpDuterte Duterte is a BUTCHER w/ human rights violations.
Those gloating republican terrorist will pay in 2018 obviously not in office for the american people.Ty Feinstein for fighting for the ppl
Thank you for voting NO! United we stand as a country NOT willing to go backwards.
#calexit
GOP are pure evil!
They're obeying donors at the expense of the voters, something corporate Dems like you also do when you refuse to support #MedicareForAll.
It is coming your way next. Fix it!
Senator this is a lie! Nothing blocks Calif. from getting tax credits. Why do you lie?
No. It's because CA mandates baby killing coverage.
Universal HealthCare for CA AND MEDICARE FOR ALL
Unconscionable! While Issa celebrates cutting healthcare for CA Team Applegate is working hard! #1621votes http://secure.actblue.com/contribute/pag …
Maybe CA can stop being a share state?
#THEYWILLBEREPLACED
We're counting on you to fix this when the Senate takes this up.
@dawnstotlar Must be way to have everyone change W9 to 12 dependents and keep Cash in your state til figure out how to keep
Time to change California law! Make Cali red again!
Thank u for voting no!! Your my heroine!!
Trump doesn't respect the POWs or the handicapped. It's just more taxes and less golf for him.
You mean abortions?  Pay for them yourselves.
Honey you're tagging me in every post you make.  Quiz - what happens when people can't get birth control?
If the affordable healthcare is so great why don't you have it?
California's only liberal when the whole country is paying their bill
Love it ... American's win big today
Impeach, resist, the democrats still don't have a voice that makes people stop and listen, find someone damn it
You just know the suicide rate will rise this week.
I hope all republicans who voted against reproductive rights have something nasty happen to them or someone they love !!
Report on all the Insurance companies pulling out of Obamacare, Dianne ! Doesn't fit your narrative???
RIDICULOUS IS YOU ARE NOT A OBAMA CARE CUSTOMER !
I bet he takes special pleasure in it because Cali sassed him so much, too. #NoAHCA #RepublicansAreEvil #killers #voteblue
Let CA stop paying federal taxes to the government! We don't need them! I'm sick of being a donor state and supporting poor red states!
#WarOnWomen #TrumpCare #GOPAreRabidDogs
Good. The nation should not be paying for what you should be paying yourself
Do EVERYTHING you can to stop this evil bill from becoming law!!
She can do nothing.
Check back in when you've lost everything you own due to crushing medical costs and and loved one has died after being denied health care.
Ive already lost my insurance. I lost it when ACA passed. And you do not know the difference between health care ans health insurance.
We must support the opponents of every GOP rep that voted for #AHCA in primaries
Please do everything you can to stop this in the Senate. We in California need you!
@erniesgirl1944 A double-dip of GOP shit.
They won't cover birth control and yet abortion is frowned upon.  What exactly do these idiots want?
Pretty sure it's abstinence, unless you're a married politician, then open season.
And I'm sure they practice that...lol.
The United States is becoming Gilead before our very eyes. The Handmaid's Tale as prophecy! Sad day for women and families.
What the Republicans have just done disgusts me!! Vote them all out!!
Vote in better conservatives. More this and better
What now?  
PlEASE do not let this sham of a healthcare bill pass Senate! People will die for lack of money! Inhumane!
Perhaps if the CA D reps didn't just want to be the opposition party & worked with the R for the good of CA this wouldn't have happened.
Time to pull our state out of the union!
@SenFeinstein what are we going to do about it in the #Senate? #VoteNoAHCA
Maybe now you will be for single payer
that was not today's vote. We missed that F'ing vote 11/9/2016
Support single payer Medicare-for-All then.
This is ridiculous. Why do the @HouseGOP hate women who want babies?
Now it's time for Dems to call things like they are. Still too reticent with language. LIARS, CHEATS, MORONS...names for those who voted yes
California wants to leave the union....why are you complaining?
Please keep up the good fight against the misguided AHCA.
I see another gas tax coming
