Senator: especially now, unless we restrict firing rate of actual firearm, we’ll now have lots more people bump firing w/rubber bands.
"For...semi-automatic..firearms the rate of fire is primarily governed by the ability of the operator to actively pull the trigger." Wiki
I don't care if it is a muzzle loader. Limit rate of fire to one round in x sec.  No more than 5 rounds in a magazine. Buy back other guns.
Modern semi automatic firearms have a big hole for a magazine. They can take ANY capacity mag. It's the $10 DISPOSABLE mag that has capacity
Limit the mag, Only 5 rounds at most, Anymore is illegal, but them back. Or make all guns muzzle loaders.
If we’re focused on rampage shooters — rather than overall firearm-related fatalities — how does mag capacity deal w/having multiple guns?
We could limit it to bolt action and have similar results! And even TRYING to confiscate all semi guns = 2nd Civil War. Zero sum game.
Please work on the real problem, high capacity magazines! And no grandfathering, private buyback program. See http://www.facebook.com/limitthereach  #MSRA
This country SHOULD have been talking about YEARS ago so that we could have effective gun laws NOW! Change IS needed, but hicap ban is DUMB!
*talking about THIS years ago
"More Americans have died from guns in the United States since 1968 than on battlefields of all the wars in American history." ..
Law needs to define rate of fire and size of magazines.
The NRA isn't the problem, sick people are.  Screw you and the COMMUNIST REPUBLIC OF CALIFORNIA, Jerry Brown and Diane Frankenstein
Trigger discipline is needed.
Ban high capacity magazines, control sales of ammunition No need 4 civilians 2 have semiautomatics #GunControl @SenKamalaHarris @RepLaMalfa
No need for liberals to have brains. They won’t use them. Go to North Korea where only the government has guns. You’ll love it.

FURTHERMORE MS FRANKENSTEIN BY YOUR SWORN OATH YOU ARE BOUND TO THE CONSTITUTION WEATHER YOU LIKE IT OR NOT...
Aren’t you in Congress? You’re just now figuring out that Congress passes laws and law enforcement enforces them (except immigration)?
TPP pARIS AGREEMENT ALL NULL AND VOID AND ACTS OF TREASON... YOUR ALL NOITHING MORE THAN PUBLIC SERVANTS GONE ROGUE
YOUSTILL DO NOT POSSESS THE PPOWER TO USURP BYPASS OR OVERRIDE THE CONSTITUTION THE BILL OF RIGHTS OR OUR SOVEREIGNTY!
BY YOUR OATH YOU ARE FORBIDDEN TO WARRING AGAINST THE CONSTITUTION
ANYTHING YOU DO WARRING AGAINST THE CONSTITUION
The fact you needed them to tell u that tells me you shouldn't be in the Senate , are you kidding me
The bumpfire stock make the firearm highly inaccurate. If the shooter had not used it then he might have caused more destruction.
When firing into a crowd of thousands, accuracy is unnecessary. Ban them.
As soon as Feinstein quits we can start the process of banning them.
I bet that really gets you hot under your brown shirt collar, doesn't it?
And thanks for admitting on TV that no law would have stopped the Vegas shooter
ANYTHING YOU DO OPERATING OUTSIDE THE CONSTITUTION ANYTHING YOU DO GIVING YOURSELVES POWERS YOU CLEARLY DO NOT HAVE

EVEN THROUGH LAWS BILLS AMENDMENTS MANDATES EXECUTIVE ORDERS TREATIES AND AGREEMENTS YOU STILL DO NOT
let me explain something to you and all you Socialist Communist  gun grabbgers ALL YOUR GUN LAWS ARE NULL AND VOID! http://knowthelies.com/?q=node%2F3949 
You should know they were ok’d under your boss Obama. Just goes to show how important gun control is to Dems. Only when election time comes
neither does Congress
Obama admin and Eric Holder approved them.   Time for term limits.  Retire already
Get off the damn banning bandwagon. You said it yourself. No law can fix crazy people. Maybe change and focus on mental health. #realproblem
We need congress control not gun control.
Well if that is the case then do something,stop talking and stop the massacres from happening.
Your the moron ,
NEITHER POTUS NOR CONGRESS NOR THE SENATE NOR THE SUPREME COURT NOR THE FEDERAL COURTS NOR THE STATES NOR THEIR GOVENORS AND MAYORS
Wow.  So silly.  No legal in CA, anyways.  Move on.
we need to stop the proliferation of weapons of destruction. Period! And take Nuclear Bombs away from Trump. He's making war!
The victims of thst shooting should sue that company out of business. Let them make a product that doesn't kill.
CONGRESS ARE TRUMP'S STOOGES.. WHO'S ON FIRST; WHAT'S ON SECOND; I DON'T KNOW IS ON THIRD...
TRUMP'S STOOGE STEW
Your retirement is needed
Nope! Give it a rest!
Dianne we love you but girl you are past your prime.  Please just retire or we will have to retire you at the polls.
Yes
Let's see if Congress can work on this and DACA legislation. If you agree then no issues dividing you for reelection campaigns but try!!!!
Didn't you just say earlier that no laws could have prevented what happened in Las Vegas? If so then this statement doesn't make any sense.
But you just said earlier that no laws could have stopped what happened in Las Vegas Diane.
check with Obama he brought them in
Stop selling arms around the world
You want to regulate everything !
If automatic weapons are illegal and bump stocks are intended solely to convert semiautomatic guns to full, why aren't they already illegal?
I thought you said there was nothing that could have stopped the massacre?
They can ban black athletes from praying, but they can't prevent Vegas attacks. Unbelievable. Good effort Senator.
Time for Congress to step up and pass legislation.  No more lip service.
You are lying!!  You just want legislation to further gun control.  ATF can regulate it just like they did to say it is legal.  Such a liar!
YOU ARE A PAIN. WE The PEOPLE NEED OUR GUNS BECAUSE WE CAN NOT TRUST WASHINGTON YOU KEEP PROVING IT EVERY DAY SOMETHING FISHY. VEGAS
No boo, the Constitution told them that. ur not very good at the Senator thing. It's about time the devil came collect his soul u sold him.
Not surprised one of your members Feinstein?
Fyi Obama is the one who made the bump stock legal so....
Dianne says the Milk murder was what made her want strict gc no amt of gc wld have worked the shooter was a cop who used his service rev so.
Not true.


Californians should consider autologous blood donations prior to any surgeries until sanity returns to our state government.  #HIVbloodLaw
whatever
2018 is creeping on you fast
#RepealAndReplaceCongress
2018 & 2020
#Trump2020 #MAGA
no more #RussiaGhostStory
protect #Constitution
This was the NRA's suggestion, don't you think they already knew that?
The old laws made no difference, the new laws will make no difference.  Islamic terrorists will find a way no matter what law you enact.
The answer to Islamic mass murder is to ban Islam, not ban trucks, cars, knives, or guns.
Dianne, not gonna happen. Your time has passed. And your little dog too!
Feinstein is a member of ANTIFA
Keep bump stocks legal. After all bump stocks were given the ok under the Obama administration
They can review them and see if they meet the definition of, one bullet per pull of the trigger.
Get on it! 
Or you could just forget about it since ANYONE can make in their garage with common hardware.
Why r u ignoring the fact that Steven Paddock was a registered Democrat.  We don’t need #GunControl we need Democrat Control.
Wait a minute They can approve them but they can’t ban them? The swamp is really f—
But how can you get more victims to preach on if you #banthebump?
Legislation is needed to ban career politicians.. YOU maam and your kind are one of the problems with this great country. GOD BLESS AMERICA
Quit lieing about your bill is only to ban bum stocks tell the truth of what all is in your bill
Since when cant the ATF ban what is not safe Actually they have more power to ban it then you do
LEGISLATE ASAP. Before the election. We will take care of the rest with our vote.
By all means, take your chances with additional #2A legislation before the election.
you need to mobilize & build support to remove @realDonaldTrump from office b4 he gets us all killed. #NoWar !! #DumpTrump
Put down the koolaid walk away slowly and go take a nap. Xoxox
Reintroduce legislation to study & catalog guns & gun violence in America. It's reached epidemic proportions. #NRA = #DomesticTerrorists
So I guess that means John Kerry is a terrorist because he is an NRA member&has guns that's why u dnt hear him say anything abt it
John Kerry is not the NRA, nor are most of its members.
Correction he was one until he ran for president then dropped it to get votes from liberals I wonder did he renew his membership after losin
Do you even know how a bump stock works?
DEMs jump on bumpstock..agree don’t need them. However, look at Chicago. Hit over 500 guns deaths, no mass shootings from guns u want to ban
Any legislation for gun control will have no affect on criminals getting firearms or preventing these crimes from happening.
If the ATF doesn't have the authority what makes you think you need to fight a problem that doesn't exist? Fight for real issues,
Can Ryan and McConnell manage this, we’ll see...
Apparently so
Which means what? Both houses + Pres? Not following what the problem is here.
If it can't make a ruling then you need to seriously think what you are asking for.
No one wants ANOTHER law that won't be followed.
Why didn't you do it during the Obama Administration?
Please don't focus on JUST the bump stocks, it's an accessory! Focus instead on back ground chks and waiting periods and simi auto rifles!
While GUN-FREE Chicago continues to murder it's own citizens. Seems that Chicago criminals are ignoring the laws... NO legislation will stop
But but laws!! 
Oh until there's ones we don't want to follow
Then
SANCTUARY!
Morons
No law would have stopped Las Vegas shooter, Feinstein says http://politi.co/2y5rieS  via @politico
Obama passed this law in 2010
Because it doesn't... and neither do YOU!
Let them regulate not ban.
The illumination is dimming fast ! You wrote off hard working Americans and the true enemies are now known by name, underestimated intellect
Not only should they be banned, they should be sued/fined out of existence for deliberate circumventing the existing laws banning auto guns.
Congress needs to grow a spine and stand up to the @NRA
Who do you think helps keep you safe, it's not the NRA hurting People, it's the People that just don't care be it by whatever means possible
Aren't you from Californication? Your states burning while you Fiddle in the freedoms of God Fearing Americans ! We need term limits bad !
When do you introduce a bill making bump stocks illegal?
Neither do you. See Constitution for details.
Doesn't Congress appropriate the monies needed to run the ATF? Cut their budget until we get what we want. #Resist
Of course. That was a smokescreen from the NRA to delude people into believing the NRA is actually concerned about humanity.
Let's get off this, take it up later, move on to health care and taxes. Take the bump stop thing up when you take up atrocities in Chicago
I agree.

Legislation is needed to investigate the FBI, CIA, DHS, Cimey, Lynch, Powers, Clinton's, Obama, so do your job.
That’s from obama
Bravo! NRA offer Regulation=Illusory!  Must be complete legislative ban on BumpFire Stock. Her commitment to commonsense since Milk&Moscone
AR-15 is a fun target gun,personally for me I see no need in people having a BFS! I'd vote against it! No need to spray out bullets!
Yet u voted AGAINST KATE'S LAW! Dems really want to do away w 2nd Amendment, but allow illegals to bring guns and murder unarmed CITIZENS
You’re a lawyer and you need ATF to tell you how to ban something? Turn in your Bar card!
https://youtu.be/-D6LXgd4gdg  watch Dianne admit no law would have stopped Paddock.

1. The list was problematic in several aspects, however...
are simply projections based on past trends http://bit.ly/2wIJMjV 
2. http://Romans322.com  relied on CDC for it's figures - who does not report abortions. In other words - #FAKENEWS !!!!
Then let's get it done and quick!
@WondersMidwest 
Pls do that legislation!
Noooo..we got Tons & Tons of Laws already. Since Harvey Milk got Killed nothing has changed with all your new Legislation.Sorry..Truth

Please California! Do eesearch on @JerryBrownGov- learn the facts re judge appointments. impeach
Post link to their printed ruling.  Provide proof.
DiFi is going to make belt loops illegal?
But, but her emails! Oh darn wrong tweet. They are taking our second amendment away! Nope didn't happen either.. You do not "Need" it ban it
Why didn't congress do something?
Obviously the NRA knew that when it made its disgusting "magnanimous" statement about supporting a ban.  #GunControl #GunControlNow
Oh yes they did. Passing the buck, as usual.
We should give them legal authority congress is a joke
Why don't spend this much effort on helping us long term law abiding California citizens?????
Than stop whining and stop being the New Party of No!
The Dems favorite program is to make sure they're seen doing something even if it's worthless they can get votes from the week
@AWRHawkins Misleading BS.  Bump Stock converts legal gun to lethal weapon of war shooting 400-800 rounds per minute. You r just plain wrong
That’s because Congress makes the laws. They (ATF) should conduct another review as the @NRA suggested to ensure proper regulations in place
we need far more comprehensive gun reform and I truly could care less if these gun fetish holding nutsos wont budge
Um by reading your tweet you're the "nutso"
Congress GOP controlled will only legislate control of Bump stocks if the NRA gives them the  okay. Congress has never been more controlled
Isn't it hilarious that when the Donkeys are in power that congress is reasonable, and when they are not, Congess is " controlled"

this is basically like fixing a gunshot wound with a bandaid
Your job as a Congress is to legislate...so do it!  Force a vote!
And look how Obama did
Holy shit they actually told the truth..... I'm shocked.
