Thank you Senator

The 'wildfires' should be covered by residents home insurance. So what kind of aid would you need, money's not on the table.
California has the 6th biggest economy in the world, and has 40+ million residents (legal and illegal).
FOIA open records law DO NOT apply to Congress.

@JudicialWatch testifies it should be.

We should ask why not.
WHY NOT Dianne?
Call Gov. Brown! 2013, CA Air & Army Nat. Guard fought wildfires in NorthCA, American, Swedes & Rim Fires. Call in Nat. Guard for air drops!
What’s taking so long? We can’t breath and my friends are losing their homes with 0% containment! #help #wildfires #underresourced #calilove
Sanctuary State.  Pay own bills
#ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW
How about obeying federal laws!! No problem taking Federal dollars but u thumb your nose at federal laws Constituents deserve better than u
Thank you. My brother's home was burned to the ground. Other relatives trying to stay under terrible conditions.
He probably doesn't even know Cali is on fire.
But you both keep saying our @POTUS is incompetent I know he'll do the job he was meant to do & help CA since Gov Brown has lost his mind
Janice you must be ready for nuclear war because that’s the only thing POTUS is going to do for our country just think about our soldiers
Didn't he already approve the aid PRIOR to this tweet? 
10 days after Vegas massacre. What's happening? 30,000 people killed by guns is like 911 every month of the year DO MORE
Trump does NOT give a damn about ANY state that he did not win (especially California). The story ends there, Sen. Feinstein.
Dianne, what about the Russia sanctions that trump has not implemented?
Better yet what about IRAN During THE PREVIOUS ADMINISTRATION
Trump should take a knee
Why? Use your illegal aliens u try to protect
WE NEED HELP. PEOPLE ARE DYING/ NO COMMUNICATIONS  TO EVACUATE. NEED HELP. FIRES RAGE. POS IS IGNORING CALIF AS PEOPLE DYE
Let's compromise on this!
Interesting how California wants to pick and choose when they want to be part of the US.  Only when they want or need money!
Thank you. And if that f’er comes here for a photo op I suggest riots
Aren't you a Weinstein girl Kamala? Guess only the unwilling ones are coming forward.
Yes, and pass an aid package for Puerto Rico.
We love you but we need firefighters not aid yet
He can’t even be bothered to mention these brave soldiers.
and when will your Gov. expedite cancelling all of his irrational laws he is creating to destroy CA? Protect the American Citizen FIRST.
Amen!
Ask Mexico, u like their citizens better than Americans
Really? People have died. They have lost all they have, including the lives of pets. What’s wrong with you?
they support trump and are therefore evil morons by nature.
AND...Too bad for CA...full of bad hombres as far as our racist @POTUS is concerned...Time to revolt!
i love all our bad hombres... Californians are great people. Inventors  and re-inventors... lazy old turd POTUS be damned.
I guess all the stupid in the air out there has gotten to u. Enjoy communism
Again, seriously, what’s wrong with you? My friend lost everything as the house her husbands family built burned to the ground.
I can both grieve for those affected by the fires and call out the deplorable @POTUS.  We all can.
Nice to see your own personal donation included! Oops my bad that was trump to Houston.
#putyour$whereyourmouthisat
Please also keep pushing for aid for #PuertoRico

Why don't you frik'n do something? #alltalk #retire
Good luck with that
Gov. Moonbeam has $30M in his illegal alien “legal help” fund. He should use that first.
Think of the mess that a war with N Korea/Russia/China would make. We can't even take care of our own! #KoreanPeace
How about Aid for #PuertRico, @SenFeinstein @SenKamalaHarris !!???
Good luck with that, look what's happening in Puerto Rico, Texas and Florida, they all need so much more assistance.
What you’re a sanctuary state you need no fed $$$?
You need to tell Gov. Brown to stop spending millions of taxpayers money on illegals, and DACA, we would have a lot more aid
@ummmno21 am I the only one who think it’s odd add the feds to come in a disaster but not when it comes to immigration 
Well let's see how fast everyone moves to aid Cal. While the struggle cont in PR
And has he gotten right back to both of you since he loves our beautiful state so much?   Did Pence visit Canyon 2 while in SoCal w/Mimi?
You sure do call on someone you hate quite a bit.
now they want us help
And he will do nothing as usual.
Trump looked past the Childishness if Ca politicians who have been giving him the middle finger for his entire time in office.
trump is childish & looks past nothing except those who need help... such as urself for example. it will affect u too.
and he sent Pence in as a sub
Snort.  We barely rank above Puerto Rico in that dickrag's mind.
He did already how can you not know this?? Talked to Gov brown this am
He did it already spoke to Gov Brown this morning 
If I were POTUS I would withhold funding based on one condition, your retirement!Serving on the Senate was not meant to be for a lifetime
Retweeting because she named you in her tweet. Good God
Yes in these mins 4:28pm @SenFeinstein & @SenKamalaHarris, TRUTH☻
4:34pm.2/2  @SenFeinstein & @SenKamalaHarris Retweet, TRUTH☻
Good luck with that.
do you have to beg? 
Good luck with that.
Didn't you vote to leave the U.S.? Said you didn't need the help ?
You might have to broadcast a commercial right before a football game to get him to notice that it's happening.
Snarky 
Good Luck you're in a blue state. You think Puerto Rico was bad.
Quick action by CA Senators  

Quick action by @POTUS (pending)

Please @realDonaldTrump, take this request seriously! 
Lol 7 mins ago?? Potus talked to Gov brown and released all efforts and funding this morning
Good luck, when he's done trying to fry the NFL players maybe he will get back to his JOB
but are they white people?
White VOTERS!
they sure didn’t vote for king deplorable, and he is a giant man baby who keeps score...so...
CA sure wants the governments help w/$ but won't help the people of America. Only helps the illegals.
Sanctuary State that wants to secede from the Union asking a Republican President for help?   CLAIMS that God was punishing Texas& Florida?
Unfortunately he's the president of the United States, not the president of Republican states
Why? This is California's problem!
They need aid but what about Puerto Rico
He hates California, so he’ll take his time, just like Puerto Rico.
And you were wrong.
California has been given over to demonics. Good people time to leave them to their own fruits. Leave before your soul is as dead as these.
Throwing the budget way outta whack
To anyone making anti-CA comments, you are truly horrible people. People are losing their lives & you want to play politics. #deplorable
Yes, like people lose lives because of ILLEGALS frequently & California Dems want “sanctuary state!” Obey ALL LAWS. Can’t pick & choose!
Yes I can not agree with you more; wholeheartedly, @SenFeinstein of California
So ....no secession now?
WHY,,,!!!????
Yes, but when are you and @ChuckGrassley going to have a Committee vote on releasing Fusion GPS transcripts from Glenn Simpson interview?
These Commissions are there to keep information from the public. The Republicans will cover for Trump while the Democrats will do nothing.
We will be just fine without that bloated fat ass #FakePresident.
Maybe he will treat your State with the same love and concern he showed Puerto Rico?
Snarky
Why isn't Trump addressing this? Why is he virtually silent about all of the tragedies occurring in the United States? Seems to not care.
I don't think he likes CA anymore than he likes PR.  Will he punish CA too? #DaycareDonny #25thAmendment #CaliforniaWildfires
Thank you senator.  But, until now, you and Sen Harris have been a disappointment for putting illegals first over citizens.  You're fired.
Thank you for trying but #FakePresident hates us more then Puerto Rico.
IMPEACH NOW, rebuilt after...
You better get rid of Governor Brown. What happened to wanting to succeed?
What is Gov. Brown doing?
Did you slather him with praise first?
What? You need Federal Aid? Sanctuary State?
This is really irritating, you know he is not gonna do it Please Stop with the antics! Do Something!!
You are aware I’m sure he spoke to ur Gov brown this am? All done ? Sending appropriate funding
Expedite aid? We're already dealing with Texas, Florida, and Puerto Rico. At some point our resources are stretched just a bit thin.
We have faith in you & Sen. Harris. The president...not so much.
Lol but he’s the one bailing you out? So snarky love ca citizens the leaders questionable
Thank you, Senators.  Any way to get ATM kiosks into our communities not under evacuation orders?  Banks are closed because no employees.
You two (especially Camel Butt Harris) diss @POTUS all the time. Now you need him? Did you call on Nut Job Jerry Brown too?
Bot.
lets sustainable harvest the forest and control the fires. 
#RecallSenFeinstein
@realDonaldTrump hates our state. we didn't allow him to come "tour" during his campaign trail, because we all knew the kind of persona he
would attract at his rallies. and, to be fair Senator. none of us want angry, racially motivated, violent minded and ignorant Trump ...
supporters marching up and down our city streets. @realDonaldTrump will send the funds to aid our state .. it is LAW. if not, it will be ..
noted by court. when this term ends, it will more than likely end with a law sue by every organization he extracted and squeezed funds from
How about putting a proper forest management plan on the floor. Instead of ignoring everything. Instead of the Environmentalist Communism
People losing everything they have and lives being at risk are not laughing matters.
SERIOUSLY Puerto Rico Doesn't HAVE A Chance. ..Just Tell Them Now Congress Doesn't Care About Puerto Rico. ..
Sent WARM regards - what more do you want? 
You're going to lose your seat.
He's golfing today.
You need to get out of the way your gang is not good directors your game does not speak for God just get out of the way
Thank you!! We need something done about this immediately
