California has worked hard to implement ACA. 82% of consumers will have 3+ plans to pick from. President Trump is threatening our success!
Read @CoveredCA’s letter, which makes crystal clear the effects of intentional sabotage: http://bit.ly/2v2jnxn 
Now why do you give a shit, Dianne? Congress never did until THEIR Cost-sharing came under fire...none of you gave a damn for 6 yrs why now?
do u even know what a Marxist agenda entails? Can u explain it to me? Please?
@wildwillow65 @CoveredCA not unbelievable to me. He's probably the most vindictive "president" ever.
The manipulation being done to make the ACA fail is immoral.
Better than the 34% increase I received when Obama was president......don't you think.
Trump only cares for Trump, that clear from the moment he started talking about running.
Evil is as evil does
Trump only cares for Trump, that clear from the moment he started talking about running.
http://thehill.com/homenews/senate/345105-feinstein-trump-immigration-plan-bad-for-agriculture … What about your racist remarks about Mexican people picking fruit
You and the rest of public political members belong on Obama care
I don't want my tax dollars used to prop up the exchanges in CA!  MAGA - get used to it!
Believe!! This S.O.B. is heartless and only cares about the rich!! 

It's unbelievable?  You need to be repealed and repplaced. Disingenuous tweeting does not serve you well. Grow a set sister. Like maxine
He's a Sadist, that's how he rolls. He's satisfied when he's successfully hurt other people.
Really.  All the money your family has siphoned from public agencies and you say that!!!!
Did you forget that you passed the current health care bill and Congress enacts legislation not the President. Time to belly up.
It's all about his base. Red meat will have 2 b continually thrown out 2 them. He won't take any blame, he'll blame other branches of Gov.
At least trump trying to get something that will work. Not like Obama and pelosi. "Just pass it then read it later. " that helped us?
Short of killing somebody, I don't know how much more proof you need that it's not at all beneath him to do just that
Unbelievable?  I'm sorry Madam Senator but we have by far surpassed the realm of "Unbelievable" and are tired from clicking.....
Our ruby slippers together while chanting "There's no place but home".
He's a demagogue he wants to hurt Americans. Those bobble heads at that rally last night r pathetic. Hethe uneducated
Can you all stop him, from both sides of the aisle? We gave you the power to keep the Executive branch in check.
Democrats did exactly that when they shoved ObamaCare down everyone's throat on a partisan vote. "You can keep your Dr/plan & premiums down"
He doesn't care who get hurt as long as it's not his wealthy donors.
According to the LA times 3 percent is due to President Trump. The rest is due to increased costs. In 4 years CA premiums have increased 30%
Lot less than Obamacare's premium increases.
I want the same coverage and subs you have me pay for
Really?  You are surprised?
It's not believable to me also.
Was UR vote 4 OCare UNINTENTIONAL? UR Lib Party has financially ruined people thru high premiums & Deducts. & then couldn't afford 2 use it!
Hasn't every action and proposed action Mr Trump has made been designed to hurt everyone except messers Trump and Putin?
He's not you are by doing nothing to help our crappy health care. Dems can't just sit on the sidelines and pretend nothing is wrong
He's a terrible vindictive man. Don't be surprised by anything he does
Empathy is not a character trait any of the trumps possess. They are callous at a psychopathic level.
Who can file a class action suit against Trump and the Republican Party...
H Res 401 To end the Dog Cat Meat Trade. Please cosponsor with Rep Alcee Hastings end this cruel torturing for the voiceless.
What is your problem? You want the government to provide health care so you can control the people with your take over plans of the voters.
Impeach.
I got a notice from Anthem that they won't be offering many ACA plans next year and I'm on it. His threats are working and I'm not happy.
Premiums go up because of market uncertainty. It needs to be adjusted for sure.
You mean all the blue states that pay for red states fed taxes? I actually like that the emergency rooms aren't crowded anymore.

Trump lives to hurt others. This shouldn't be a surprise to you.
Liar. Fraud. Traitor.
That would make him a treasonous, treacherous murderer!
Trump the Terrible
Awful
His whole motivation in running for president was to intentionally hurt people. That is his goal. That is his mission. #ImpeachTrump
http://culturalweekly.com/trump-acting-d … Trump wants to repeal ACA, then his family will PROFIT with new system.. will NOT stop trying or lying
Senator, it's unbelievable to you? At this point? This man does not care about America. He cares about only himself. He ran to pay off debt.
Lol.. there's NO doubt at this point what trump and gang are made of..
Keep fighting Sen!!  Thank you!!!
Such BS, OCare drove up our premium by 120% & deductible 130%. U are disingenuous & a liar. How's your subsidized insurance
I'm surprised it's not more.
Trump is a malignant narcissist, look it up, bingo! He'll do anything to win.
The increase is because you refuse to improve a bad health care system.
Believe it.
Trump Is A SPoiled SOB!! Only Happy When He Gets What He Wants!!
How is that? I have never seen dying or starving people in the streets. Nobody has ever been denied here in the USA
All Trump is a big mouth bully with nothing to back it up. Thank goodness we have smart ppl running this country while he golfs.
The average premium price in Obamacare exchanges increased by 105% from 2013 to 2017. Weird you don't seem as concerned by that.
Is it really so unbelievable? If it benefits him, he'll do it. That's business!
Believe it
Is it unbelievable though? You don't get where he is in life by caring for others.
Good you should be part of the ACA. Your premiums need to go up. You RICH millionaire
Could cause increase in premium? Too late,  Anthem-Covered California sent letters last week rates to rise about 20% due to chaos in D.C.
@POTUS keep up the good fight!!!
To line your pockets you have intentionally hurt your own constituents for yrs hypocrite!!
@CoveredCA was already going up!
Wake up career politician !! Dems have been in office for ten years and premium increases exponentially!
It's unbelievable to me how you got your hand in our pockets 4 votes from people who can't contribute sick
Wait a minute. Everybody is blaming this on Preisent Trump. The ACA was rammed down our throats. It's yours. Own it.
You have had your hand in the pocket of the contributing Americans very greedy wanting to protect and bring in underperforming illegals
Could? I thought it was a done deal. Please clarify.
Not buying it. Got details?
That better be sarcasm
If you think our healthcare system is so great as it stands, then why did you exempt yourself???
You are seriously insane and you are obviously hoping all the rest of your followers are too!
Trump is a serious personality disorder exacerbated by critical scrutiny. Should never be in position of power much less POTUS. Incapable!
PARDON MY FRENCH BUT WAKE THE FUC *P
If someone can send out some tweets and cause a 12% increase in premiums then we truly have a horrible health care system. Time to repeal?
.@SenFeinstein @CoveredCA ABC and LA Times reported 2 days ago rates are going up 12.5% in California. And Anthem BC  is cutting coverage.
No, it's not unbelievable. It's who he is. Get him out of the Whitehouse.
.@SenFeinstein @CoveredCA You may want to learn what Obamacare is doing to Californians. 
https://www.google.com/amp/abcnews.go.com/amp/Health/wireStory/california-release-2018-rates-affordable-care-act-48962262 …
Ohhhh you have no idea the DEPTHS he will plumb for revenge
Then get rid of him
It is why we need single payer state!
Yet premiums raised 13% the year before. How does that fit into your narrative?
Maybe you should work quicker to reveal what had you and Grassley ashen-faced months ago. No Trump, no Trump decisions.
Go away you old crow!
Trump is increasing the cost of your insurance for no reason
I think it's totally believable. He is a flawed man.
Mueller Grand Jury meaningless until Artcl of Impeach filed due to Trump Pardoning powers.  We running gov. like Russia now? (sic)
HUH? This Obamacare disaster belongs to YOU and all of your liberal bff's. It was doomed from the start and you ALL knew it. IT'S ON YOU.
Can you please stop c/o and help?
Well as YOU say...everyone cane pay their fair share...I paid up front...Californians turn now.
You mean the insurance companies won't make as much money?
It really shouldn't be unbelievable. He is a human-sized anus wart.
Could it be that Trump is intentionally hurting states that vote Democrat? Food for thought.
Like you "intentionally" allow SF to be a sanctuary where Kate Steinle was tragically murdered by a illegal immigrant ? That's hurtful !!
It's totally believable. The guy is a sociopath
I hope Trump supporters in red states appreciate when their fearless leader says let Obamacare (#ACA) implode.  Great rhetoric to win votes.
It's not unbelievable to me that he would intentionally hurt others. He has no conscience & is egotistical & selfish.
You mean believable, right? If anything he does is unbelievable to you by now, you haven't been paying attention.
You allowed this with the passage of aca. I guess you do not take any responsibility for this. As usual, dem never do wrong.
I'm not surprised
No Obamacare was designed to fail and transition to single payer. At your age you would think you would be concerned about truthfulness?
Believe it!  He is the devil reincarnate!
It's not surprising to me...
Why would it be unbelievable that a sociopath would intentionally hurt someone? 
You're talking about Hillary, right?
IKYA BWAI has been summoned! All will burn to ash before the fiery onslaught of "I know you are, but what am I". DREAD GOD IKYA BWAI!
If u like your plan, u can keep it
Trump doesn't care abt Americans or their welfare. Evident from the beginning. Trump wanted a win, wants to stay in power & will hurt US!
Remember ObamaCare?
Let's be honest here DiFi, it's totally not 'unbelievable.' this is who Trump is, and always has been.
It's wrong but definitely not unbelievable, he's a petty & hateful little man who only cares about himself...
Of course he will try, he is a rabid dog.
News flash he has been doing that his whole life!
He will do ANYTHING to WIN.... Be RIGHT .. LOOK GOOD Please make sure he can't do anything stupid while you're all on recess##ProForma 
Didn't have an insurance problem until we had an outsourced job problem so we have to blame all politicians involved in that
Dianne you really are just seeing his true colors?
This is your bed you're laying in DF
@LeslieMarshall @CoveredCA -- It's unbelievable there are enough suckers in my State to elect you over and over again.
It blows my mind that all you Democrats voted with Obama to screw us all
It's unbelievable Senator? Really? Why is it the rest of us don't have an issue believing that the dude is an unhinged cruel lunatic?
DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT PLEASE!!!
Why can't you all Stop This Insanity?  It's like fiction coming to life ! Scared!
Don't be shocked! We have a very ill POTUS ! We see it every day! He creating anxiety every day to.the US! He is just inhumane! No loyalty!
Good news, congress and republicans are very aware
This is the type of political rhetoric that pushes your followers to baseball games with rifles.
What a leader!Supposed to be working for us?Destabilizes the market just for fun! He could cause a collapse. "GOO" Party wake up take action
Unbelievable that @realDonaldTrump would hurt people???
Why? It's what he's done for most of his life.
Oh like he gives a flying I know WHAT!!!!!!!
Unbelievable? or...Totally Predictable.
But you get a 72% subsidy on your healthcare so you are fine
Democrats passed this BS bill to began with and then wouldn't help repealing it.  FU
Can't let profiteers off the hook. Insurance corps still making crazy profits.
He's a big baby who didn't get his way.. So now wants to hurt all he can! #horriblepresident #evil #LiarInChief
Give me a break.  Not a single Republican voted for the #ACA, yet in CA premiums are increasing by 8 times next year.
Unconscionable but totally Trumplike.  Congress needs to act on 25th amendment. He has done enough to warrant it already.
Not unbelievable to me. I knew he was a horrible person from day 1!!
@POTUS Must be removed from office before our institutions are ruined.
Where have you been. He only cares about what he can see in a mirror. So what it takes to get rid of him.
We can no longer think of these things as inconceivable or impossible. It is deliberate, self-absorbed, and cruel. Monstrous.
Really? It's unbelievable that he'd intentionally hurt people? To him that's a good day, well that with golf, chocolate cake, & 2 scoops...
lol really still?  Isn't it clear he'd do anything for his own gains?
I'm very happy with coverage I get with CoveredCA. Shame that 45 is trying to sabotage that.
come on, Senator...it's your law; not President Trump's
You're right it's unbelievable and untrue!!!
Unbelievable? Have you been in a cave? If it's bad, Trump will try it! @puppymnkey @exoticgamora @girlsreallyrule @Arriadna @tedlieu
His whole presidency is revenge Obama for making fun of him in a speech. Yes, he would try to hurt people.
Not unbelievable to NYers who knew him.
Are you kidding me???
Too much power for a vengeful person.  In the future somebody running for president needs to have a psychological exam before they can  run
Its believable because he hurts everyone around him
Really?  Your surprised?  Seriously?  I am stunned that your surprised!
It against the oath of the president to protect the laws of the land! ACA is the law
Why do you care anyway, aren't you Californians trying to become your own liberal controlled bankrupt country???  #Calexit
Trump's the devil!! 
You intentionally hurt my eyes
You mean like you did when you voted for Obamacare you hypocrite.
He is a cruel criminal jerk. Never seen anyone like him.  Soulless and or stupidly thoughtless. Bottomline...he is mean and nasty.
If we line up his decisions since Jan.-many of them do just that-hurt people. Undoing all the progress to improve quality of life in US.
Why? He has done it all of his life. He doesn't get his way, others will pay.
Where have u been? All DJT does is hurt ppl-he enjoys it
could cause and may.

You don't know what it's going to do
He's never shown he's cares about us before. Why would he start now?
12% is rate inc w csr....25% inc w/o csr....dems aca is unaffordable
Trump is out for Trump so i don't think he cares much for anything unless it profits him or his family!!
Unbelievable? Not to me! He's the devil
Bless you  thinking @realDonaldTrump wont intentionally let people get hurt.  Check his past. Lets improve healthcare in bi partisan way
Bot, but thanks.
Trump is a terrorist and should be removed
ENOUGH!  By saying Trump is a terrorist, you take away how horrific their deeds are. Please tweet facts, not your bias thoughts.
He is in violation of his Presidential Duties stated in the Constitution. Does the constitution not apply to him? #Obamacare
Stop blaming Trump for the failures of Obamacare.  Existing law is failing and needs to be repealed.
.@SenFeinstein @IndivisibleEB @CoveredCA Believe it.
Haha psst, Hey, we know it's already going up and it's not because of @realDonaldTrump
Yes he is unfit to be this country's president and still u all just turn ur heads to his insanity
Feinstein is definitely not 'turning her head'. 

Good Grief.

Democrats don't mind hurting people!
DT intentionally tries to hurt people because he is threatened by any ACA success. And his MO is that of a bully. Classic bully.
It's unbelievable to me that YOU, Senator,are causing this pain.It isn't http://ourPOTUS.You  helped usher in the debacle of the ACA.
I don't think it unbelievable.  What I hope it that the Congress starts working in a bi-partisan manner and gets rid of @realDonaldTrump
