Why should my tax dollars pay for treatment because someone was weak & made a bad choice?
Time to push for single-payer Senator!  #Medicare4All
LOL!!!!   Too F-N funny.  If u'd like a rational discussion let me know!
Who is protecting the USA? This president is not protecting US! RUSSIA is interfering & he won't accept this? Dereliction of duty?!?!?
Well Senator lets work on how the State can help? I live here in Ca. and know the problem well and know we (Ca) can make a b/plan here in Ca
Good luck with that Sparky. Corruptifornia has no money. Racing Illinois to be the first  bankrupt state. No money to feed the unicorns.
YOU CAN STOP NOW! ! ! ! ! GO TO http://AAARMED.ORG   PLEASE CONTACT
Working taxpayers know better Diane.
Why don't you pay for them ?
You should support Medicare for all
@agentorangeskin check this out, not really news to u but didn't know if u read this
Individual responsibility not gov't. U are pushing total control not Americanism! We want our American identity back! Not yours
Only spend what u make, pretty simple to live by
.@SenFeinstein We can't just be against their plan, we have to ALSO create a better plan increasing drug + alcohol treatment funding
Why should MY money pay for the treatment of someone that made a bad choice? Kids diagnosed with cancer don't have a choice. Addicts did.
#singlepayernow
Why so many alcohol and drug addits in cali? Waste land
You mean Medicaid don't you?  You know, the WELFARE program that @BarackObama put millions able-bodied adults on in lieu of health insurance
Back up @SenSchumer!! Tell the @SenateGOP and the insane @SenateMajLdr #DontKillYourVoters #NoTrumpCare

Make whoever is responsible for irresponsible addicted behavior pay for that.
We need to start hammering the Republicans about the huge tax breaks for rich. THAT is what ALL of this is really about.
It easy to say that Diane when u r using my money like I am ur slave labor. Lets make a deal we will take all ur net worth as a contribution
We will be a better country now that people realize it's up to them to take care of there own instead of looking a handout
Only because they are f*ckers.
EXPAND Obamacare?!?!? Are you out of your f***ing mind?! That would be like trying to put a fresh coat of paint on the Titanic. #DemLogic
So they can lock them up n private prisons-pay me to pay u! More like I got ur back CAA!
Why do we need Medicaid if you have ACA or AHCA?
Another topic Re: FISA Why r Grassley and Graham investigating The FBI. R they intervening 4 Trump by questioning FBI investigations?
Where exactly in the plan does it say that? Doesn't the plan leave it up to states? Stop lying and fear mongering
@GOP SUPPORT FUND FIX ACA WITH DEMS
Make California pay
Californians already pay more than their fair share of fed taxes so red states can mooch.
Since when did rehab become healthcare?
@DWStweets This week it's health care, last week  Russia, what next?
180MM+ have lower cost heealthcare w gop
What are you going to do about Trump choking off the independent press?
Oh please -- boohoo. We should be responsible adults & buy our own health insurance policies. Stop babying everyone
No worries. I pay big $ for my own private insurance coverage. Expensive but I'm an adult & responsible to pay my way in life
I think Senate repubs will add a lot more to drug (includes alcohol) treatment. Talk to Republicans.It should be impt to Dems too
I was a psych nurse
Never seen you Tweet so much before President Trump. He's a trend setter right?
Democrats care most about grown people who make bad decisions than they do Children with Cancer 
To hell with #ACA  and #BCRA.  It's time for #SinglePayer  #healthcare is a #humanright #SaveOurCare
Why can't Californian's pay for it? Other states have drug and alcohol problems too.
Health care is a right. Why should we each have to choose healthcare by price? The is a huge difference in what is covered. Universal care
Doctors used to make house calls too once upon a time.
Now they are doing it via skype! Love it.
You pay
Cutting drug/alcohol tx opens the door to crimes. Is it not so, Sessions & 45 are all about privatizing prisons feeding wealthy interests?
trump says Medicaid spending is actually going up?  Is that real?
Think I may have a funding mechanism. See if ya can get Bernie to co-sign a loan.
Can you ever ever speak to CA residents whose premiums are unaffordable.??? Not a word.
Here you go again looking for victims creative mascots that you can control for their vote
