Bills and their Congressional Budget Office analysis are supposed to be available for 28 HOURS before a vote. IMPOSSIBLE if we vote tonight.
There’s only one reason to try to ram through a secret bill with no CBO score in the middle of the night: Because the bill is terrible.

Our President? Just said let Obama Care Implode!! He does not care about the American people.. he cares about himself
How can you vote on a bill you know nothing about.. Mitch McConnell should be fired.
Pass it and then read it. Isn't that what was said for Obamacare?
Thank you bot but that just isn't true!
Actually it was true.
Actually it's not! Because someone repeats the same lie, it gets passed on & perpetuates does not make it so!
@BethBehrs https://twitter.com/EdGlen6/status/890919887618547712 …
Don't worry.
just put everyone on medicaid
Would like to see it REPEALED and replaced with Health Savings Account so we CAN afford and control our health coverage!!
We seek your support Senator Feinstein to help the community who needs it most; people with disabilities, the aging population and youth.
Switch to #SinglePayer and have ZERO uninsured!
Women is a complete liar! The 16 million are those forced to purchase the coverage
Simple question: how can any senator in good conscience vote on a bill he or she hasn't read?
"Good conscience" has left the GOP. It's now a dysfunctional apocalypse cult with a few hopeful fools hanging on out of loyalty.
BS, dems are no better
Doesn't make a difference to my wife and I. Can't afford the Obama care deductibles, so we effectively don't have health coverage under HCA
No one has read a bill on healthcare? That's a problem now? I see.
Need to start taking responsibility instead of blaming! Are you in this world to create chaos or leave this earth a little better!
Uh like the Obamacare bill that was voted in?
Bullshit! Theres only 8.2 million on ovomit care! Why do the democraps always lie about shit?
Sounds familiar: "We must pass the bill to find out what's in it." #Liberalslie
Thank you for alll of your hard work. You are appreciated.
Call your Senators!  CBO score in: 16M would be uninsured & premiums would raise 20% in 2018.  Then bill would go to house to make it worse!
The bill that may be up for vote is still unknown. Trump is actually threatening Senators to vote Yes.  This is not how bills should formed!
Call your Senators.  Call the Alaskan Senators & give them the encouragement to keep resisting because Trump is targeting & threatening them
Don't just call then. Some of them respond to twitter private messages. I know lindsay graham does
I've been up since 5:30 tweeting Repub. Senators. Calling just gets messages left. Assuming they have their phones on their persons.
Who else can i call? I'm exhausted but trying to leave messages. Graham, McCain, Gardner, Flake, McConnell, Portman, heller, who else?
kinda what the dems did with obama care huh
In other words the Republicans are playing a shell game where they can present anything they want after the vote.
16 Million that would opt out because they would no longer be forced to have it. Tell the whole truth
Happy to hear the final outcome last night. Free market for insurance is an oxymoron.
according to pelosi, obama care had to pass to see what was in it
killed.. 
And all but 3 Republicans voted for it!!!
Isn't the 16 million those who would not buy insurance because the mandate is gone.  Comparing apples 2 apples, the 16 million misleading??
no they won't! More than that won't be able to afford your beloved OBcare! Oh, wait, that was your plan! #NoSinglePayer
Whatever they do no http://DEM.help  them, that's their shit let them eat it.
They had 99yrs so let them suck their own dicks.
All I can say guys is ! Kick ass.
How do you vote on a bill that you've never seen?!
You guys are amazing. Keep doing nothing and thanks while people suffer for it. Go team!
Insane!
How can you be so dead set against it @SenFeinstein if you haven't read it? Who told you to oppose it? Did they read it. You said no one has
You need to do your best to STOP IT!
Obstruct ALL proposals by the GOP! It's our duty to preserve ACA. I have many pre-existing conditions and would die without it.
How is this possible!? Sad day for America! The GOP is disgusting! #TrumpMustResign
I have to say this. Should the GOP succeed, then Dems MUST stop all Senate business from now on
They should be raising hell already imho
What the hell?!
You had your turn and you screwed over the American people. Stop crying and tell the truth people will stop buying what they aren't forced 2
Did you pass the bill when  @NancyPelosi asked you to pass the bill?!?! Hypocrite
VOTE em' ALL OUT in 2018!!!
You are all full of it!
You had to pass O'Bummer care to find out what was in it. So LAME and HYPOCRITICAL
This is completely ludicrous. I can't even wrap my head around how insane the GOP are right now.
Hold firm @SenFeinstein and all Senators with conscience! #SkinnyBill healthcare is starvation healthcare. Vote NO!
you are doing a super job, ...how is it we cannot stop this ?
You believe in forcing people to purchase stuff they don't need. You need to leave
Retire.
You first, Joseph Smith.
Gonna pass too
CALL. THEM. OUT!!! Antiprocedural can't be valid or legal!!! HOLD THE LINE!!!
Vote no
Keep strong.  Do not vote for this bill
It cannot pass!
Resist.  Nobody representing this country should vote uninformed on any measure. To be decided is to be informed.  This is no  board game.
This needs to stop.
Then vote it down
It was written over lunch today @SenFeinstein by  select male GOP members, also the House Speaker has stated he will go martial law in House
You do NOT NEED to see before #HealthCareVote. Great Leader #Trump call on all #patriots to give up #healthinsurance, so #GOP can make wall!
This is appalling.
Don't let it pass!!!!!
Voting on a virtual bill is something founding fathers overlooked. McConnell sold his soul to the devil over 30 years. Democracy in crisis.
How many of those CHOOSE not to buy? 73% !You are #FakeNews
No!!
Awesome... Just awesome. So, tomorrow I may lose the insurance that's keeping me alive... nice to know 
Seven years of complaining, and the Republicans still don't have an answer on how to replace Obamacare, or what to replace it with. Idiots!!
Block the shit! These republicans r amazingly stupid. Americans are not happy!
Filibuster?
Let's vote NO!
Why was that okay with Obamacare? Hypocrites.
Stop it by all available means.
No one saw Obamacare either but you didn't seem to have a problem w/ that... #SelectiveOutrage
Don't do it

Why is this allowed?
Wth...I don't even buy a book without reading a summary and the reviews!!??
16 million that were forced insurance upon them
#Resist and then #Impeach
Incompetence at its best
Then you all must vote NO. There's no other option-it's completely ludicrous to call a vote on something no1 has seen. C'mon!
http://www.timeagan.com/?deepcover 
Just do it already. Let the morons in red states die. I stopped caring when polls showed half of America still support the traitors
I thought there were 100s of amendments being proposed to stop this craziness?
Isn't she the one that said, "we can't read the bill until we pass the bill", when everyone was hollering the same thing about Obamacare?
Vote no or be voted out.
Wow @GOP @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr this is despicable!  How on earth would you vote on something that no one had read!  Unbelievable 
Just sign here
If no one has seen it then wouldn't it behoove you vote against it until it can be read?
The Secret Room again?
Disgraceful and Patriotic Americans are engaged and will VOTE OUT TREASONOUS REPUBLICANS OUT of American government
9:30pm EDT During #Maddow
Not one single person will lose their insurance, you liar.

Unlike when you STOLE insurance from 25 million Americans like me, you liar.
Where do they get these numbers?  The CBO numbers for the ACA are not even right. How can we take their numbers as fact when they are wrong
Nope it sounds you are not part of it. Why are you worrying about now? Instead of 7 years ago!
Do something! You're a senator. Work it.
And who saw the Obamacare bill you  voted for??  Per Pelosi, you had to pass it to see what's in it!  What's the diff??
GOP seriously has no idea what they're voting on?
Distract everyone with the trans in the military thing.  While no one is looking garrotte 18mil people sounds about right coming fr Orange 
Please stand your ground and keep trying to sink the bill!
Why would you do this to us . You are responsible for so much suffering if you do this
How are you supposed to vote on it if no one has seen it?
This is terrifying and unconscionable... please vote No!
Sigh. Well, it's my understanding this is how Trump makes all his decisions - blind and with no idea what's going on. 
Am hopeful, there will be 3 republicans who vote no.  Thank you for being a great champion for the American people.
:(
That is wrong.  But no different than what Democrats did to pass Obamacare.  When will Congress lay egos aside and work for the common good?
Please RESIST with all your skill.
How 'bout we get dDrumpf's little Russia things straightened out until ANY & ALL legislation & appointments are made? All IC agencies agree.
How about no more appointments and all appointments made by him already, put them on hold and fully research all their connections
Go back and read the news when you politicians were passing ACA.
Sounds exactly the same,only democrats are saying it now 
Stay strong Senator.
Kinda like what y'all did on Obama's health care bill ..."Sucks don't it"...
Hypocrisy, thy name is Democrats
Where are these reports

liar
nor will anyone see it. Total FRAUD HEALTH CARE BILL
@lisamurkowski Stay strong and vote NO! @SenMajLdr is playing politics with our lives. @RiseUp4HCare
its like voting for big foot
Do all you can to stop their shameful tactics!! #ProtectOurCare
Why even vote for something you have not even seen
When you take away the individual mandate, more people will roll off health care. Please stop spreading false statements. #nothelping
I'm also informed that they've secretly passed a budget that includes ridiculous amount for the orange thing's wall. Should be public info.
Keep fighting for the MAJORITY of Americans! #ImproveNotReplace
Unconscionable
How can they vote on a bill they haven't seen?....I don't get it...please someone enlighten me..
Fight! Fight! Fight!
#GOPDONTGIVEAF0CK #GOPPAIDOFF #BIGPHARMABUCKS #SELLINGUSOUT #TAKEMYCARE THEN #TAKEYOURSTOO #SCRUPLES4RUBLES #FIXWHATWEHAVE #FIXACA
Pretty much like "pass it, then we'll read it" when Obama Care was pushed down our throats?
The ACA had about 180 Republican amendments & Obama+Dems had town halls 4 Qs. I'd suggest using Google or reading something other than Fox
Thank you for the (upsetting) update. Keep up the fight!
Great! Down from 22  million. Finally moving in the right direction #RepealRestart
It doesn't Effect me As My Caseworker Explained But It Nail s The Working Poor in West Virginia Big Time Trump Terrority Fantastic @ASlavitt
No vote on ending ACA
Glad you let Christopher Wray sail through his hearing now? Why can't you tell us what you and Grassley know?
why was there a down payment on the wall???????????
This is awful
Just pretend you're blindfolded and swinging at a piñata, praying it's the one with some good prizes in it!
Oh No! you're illegals might lose their FREE healthcare Dianne!
Stand Fast & urge your GOP friends to vote NO! If not legally required to do so, why would Ryan & McConnell change their "behind doors" act
Kind of like the ACA before it was passed in the dead of night in 2009 before signed into law on 2010, huh? Hmm.
You mean like Pelosi saying "you have to pass it to know what's in it. "? Yeas, I thought so. Lol
Again with the false equivalencies.  Can you argue a point on the values or do you just blame democrats for all the failures of this admin?
False equivalents? Now who is trying to dodge? Regardless, I'm not a Trump fan on a lot of issues. Didn't vote for him. I say repeal ACA.
How can GOP stoop so low? Trying to destroy the enviroment, Protecting Russia, bragging about creating jobs, they haven't. Killing people!
Wow just like Obamacare. You people don't care just going thru the motions. Y'all want single payer to control who lives or dies!
Lastest pools only 12-17% of Americans support healthcare bills. A balanced bipartisan team of @SenateGOP + @SenateDems should be appointed.
You all did it with Obama care. Shit can't be no worse then that
So it will be like voting on the ACA?
Just like the CBO score we got on ObamaCare... Completely inaccurate. What happen to the millions that were suppose to sign up?? #hypocrite
Unless it's 22 million or more, I'm not interested.
So, Lindsey Graham just explained he will only vote for the bill if he receives an ironclad insurance that it won't become law. Today's GOP.
Please #SaveACA!
Thank you for your voice and your service!
WOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
SECRET HEALTHCARE VOTE TONIGHT
familliar? democrats have done the same. but you are right two wrongs dont make right. plz repeal  obamacare . we want choice and low price
HOW do you vote on a bill you can't see???
Plus the 30 million that have no insurance today
Hmmm...like Obamacare when Pelosi said we have to pass this in order to find out what's in it??
Republicans keep telling the lie that they could not participate in making ACA.  Please show the dates of meeting about ACA planning
The pages could even be blank for all the Congress know. Why wouldn't there be a demand for transparency before even voting? @Khanoisseur
Then you must Vote No on this so called "Skinny Repeal" Bill.Try introducing an Impeachment Bill.Get Trump Out Now.Enough is Enough.
Because we are not being forced with healthcare or tax penalty...#Shameful
Vote no
...at this rate it will only take 10 or 12 more @SenateGOP bills to get the number down to a "reasonable" number.  #Sad #SaveACA
The entire healthcare situation is absurd- Republicans are totally inept a d don't represent what Americans want and deserve -vote them out!
Please keep fighting. Filibuster by amendment. I'm scared.
We the people want #SinglePayer .. time to protect people not insurance companies
Put it on president Trumps desk
Sounds like old times
What's the problem? What happened to 'We need to pass Obamacare so see what's in it'? Quote from your buddy... remember her? #smh
And McCarthy has held the House for a possible vote. There will be no Conference.
Then how the hell are you suppose to vote on it?
#FullRepeal
Can't this be stopped on a procedural basis alone?!!
Sounds like the Obamacare bill!
If only you had felt that way about the bill that removed privacy from every internet user on the planet.
How is investigation on Wasserman Schultz going! RUSSIA Russia RUSSIA? Maybe libs libs libs???
This is insane. Please call your Senator and tell them that, if they give Trump a hollow win that hurt 16mil, they have lost.
We all need to call, call, call (202) 224-3121. Let them know where we stand
Seriously, are we operating LIKE Russia? Party first, country second?
Do the Republicans have the votes to get it thru?
Thank you for your "NO" vote on this and all future attempts to repeal #ACA
Not how the government is supposed to work the Republicans are deliberately throwing a wrench in the works because they don't have an answer
Unfortunately your colleagues from Texas will vote for this bill. disappointment to have a voice in the Senate that have no interest in poor
