
Ask @MalcolmNance. Russia is behind all the heinous policies Trump is launching like missiles against the USA https://twitter.com/damejemarshall/status/861254691568492544 …
#gop in the back pockets of big oil, pharma, insurance giants, oil, pharma, insurance giants, banks, banks, insurance giants, big oil
And so is the democrats unfortunately.
Yep. Which is why Bernie and Tulsi can't get these corporate sellouts on board for single payer.
Tulsi Gabbard is a loon. Just what we need. Another Democrat who can't do anything but attack democrats. That'll get the House back
They need to be "attacked". They're corrupt which is why they were wiped out at EVERY LEVEL of government down to the state legislatures
I think you need to sharpen the knife you're cutting your nose off with. The ragged edges are screwing up the purity you worship over ppl
Oh yes. Let's just keep accepting the Neo Liberal status quo "republican light" and ignore how cozy they are with Wall Street  #corrupt
I have a kid who could die w/o insurance. The *worst* Democrat wouldn't be this bad. My kid shouldn't be a victim of your purity test.
Please save our obamacare!
You are a reason for term limits!! You need to retire!!
Raising rates??? Mine was 700 a month and I owe 12000...it goes both ways
That's all fine and dandy, but it's failing.  It doesn't work.  Why can't you understand that.Insurers are all backing out.Plain and simple
If you say so.
Please Senator, STOP trump,get him out of office NOW,he is dismantling democracy,each day is a step to his autocratic ameriCANT, act now.
Can we assume from your tweets that you will fight against AHCA with every tool at your disposal, or need we keep seeking your replacement?
@senFeinstein We are counting on you to stop this abomination. You actually care about your constituents & listen, unlike @RepMcClintock
My son can't afford to get sick under your O'care. His deductibles so high he can't pay them so illness for him & his family is not option.
Fox news won't advertise this...bad for "BUSINE$$" Shame #Murdoch
Sure, but I'm even willing to support it solely to help the other people who need it, what happened to our empathy??
Counting on you as one of my senators to protect us w/ preexisting conditions & nearing 65!  Thank you for carding! 92653-5769 voter
Talk to Killibrand!
Before the ACA looking over health bills and fighting with insurers was a part of getting a devastating diagnosis.  Insurers need regulation
Senator Feinstein, we support you in stopping this act from passing the senate. If we can help in any way, We Stand Ready!  #RiseUp
Stop using my State as a Staging Ground for CA BS.  I have Devastating Diagnosis AND LOST MY INSURANCE because can't afford ACA. (finger)
obamacare went up 100 percent in cities.That is not affordable.Why should we have to pay for people to have abortions.Stop the lies
Why you need to get on board with healthcare single payer!!!!!
I've yet to hear anyone speak of whether the Republicans placed a CAP amount onto their Trumpcare.
We must keep it!
Uuummmm..yeah, did ya read the bill?
No, she probably didn't read the other. Why bother O'care was so horrific that Congress EXEMPTED themselves from having to participate.
You would sound more truthful if you weren't taking money from lobbyists!
Sure. Screw the 99% of the time you fight for progressive causes.  YOU ARE NOT PURE!!! 
That's why we need MEDICARE FOR ALL! Even Trump says he likes it in Australia. You're more conservative than Donald Trump. Congrats
wow, that was a truly dazzling series of non sequiturs - and I even actually agree w your initial premise...
I'm being hyperbolic; don't actually think DJT supports or knows anything about Australia's democratic socialist healthcare. Did say it tho
oh good, relieved! We like minded people need to hold onto debate skills & sense of humor - will need them to survive all this
Typo- careing!
Lies lies lies.  Get out of your bubble lady.
@TuckerCarlson
Push harder. You have facts.
I'm afraid of your stupid DEMOCRATS  that rammed obama care down our throats
Lies, whether you have an existing condition or not , if you can't afford insurance as is the case, then you won't be covered period!
Single payer would prevent that too and be less expensive. Get rid of gouging INS companies seems to be the bast answer!
02/10/16 My 33yr old son was told he was in kidney failure & needed dialysis, a kidney or die in a few hours. NO Warning at all.
I know u don't read responses to your tweets because from what I see everyone knows your a corrupt corporate Democrat. 
Yeah. It just raised the rates on most people a priori. My deductible went from less than 1k to 6k.
I have voted for you in every election since the 1990s. My vote now goes elsewhere if you do not CHAMPION #MedicareForAll
There is a difference between a pre-existing and new condition. Former should be covered. Later is a choice and should not be covered.
It's on the senate's doorstep now. Please start proposing improvements. E.g. Any citizen can buy from any state.
Support medical marijuana
If you're already insured like most of us are it's not considered pre-existing.
I call BULLSH!T
Why aren't you using it then? If it's so good for regular folks why not good enough for you idiots that created it?
Term Limits....do us a favor, look into a mirror !
The new plan is aimed at profits for insurers, not care health for Americans.
Den Feinstein, please support Universal Care for all Americans. It is the only sane option
You've been great, but adios amigo! #Medicare4All only effective lowcost option at this point. Party needs leadership, hope u dont run again
Please, please #ImpeachTrump
Are you backing @SenSanders call to tear up the AHCA bill?
Your affordable care act, people couldn't afford! Who are you kidding the snowflakes?
Who do you expect to pay if rates don't increase?????????  Maybe you want to fund ACA!
We all pay for the insured and uninsured driver with car ins. We all pay for life ins. We all should pay for health ins. To keep rates down.
@SenWarren @KamalaHarris @SenJoniErnst For God's sake get some women into the Hcare work group.Women provide the care, have children @PPact
Try asking why the payers are leaving certain states? bad risk pools? bad management?  fix the specifics rather than destroy the system.
Counting on you to stop this madness, senator!
GOP cares nothing for the health of Americans.  They care about getting a "win," at any cost.
...so everyone else foots the bill
When will the members of Congress and the Senate drop their coverage and joins the rest of us?
Misnomer from the get-go with "Affordable". It was a big fat LIE. You're complicitness makes you a sinister operative in an unfair law.
They're already raised before you get sick, you Dummycrat.
Sorry, GOP only pays attention to the 2nd amendment :P
5k is much less than every asset you have which is what the INS co's will take. EVERYTHING YOU OWN if major illness!
In 1 minute your life can be turned upside down. .
Healthcare is a right. Stop playing games with people's lives.
yet you are good friends with big pharm and the insurance companies...
ACA just cancelled coverage in Virginia.
great PR story for GOP, how much are they getting paid? oh wait they will reap HUGE rewards under tRump-no-care!
There is no sick vs healthy, only sick and future sick.
Insurers are fleeing the ACA! It's not working for them even with devastating premium & deductible increases. Dem's claimed cost would drop
A devastating diagnosis is one thing, but abuse, rape, pregnancy a c section??? What the blue hell? #IamAPreExisitingCondition
Pre existing mental illness can get you firearms he not healthcare? Wth??
This never wouldve happened if Hillary wasnt cheated out of the election by russian hackers and russian wikileaks
That's actually funny. You can't say that with a straight face.
I know it pisses me off so much that they cheated her!
Trying to understand here. Leaked emails revealed systemic corruption and deceit in her campaign. How pray-tell did Clinton get cheated??
its all about the risk corridors!!!
Explain to people about the risk corridors and what the republicans did to it, namely marco rubio
The only way they can get their tax cuts for the rich, is to only let  healthy people have insurance.
Thank you Senator  Plz keep fighting!!!!
Medicare does NOT pay for Dementia care Shameful for forgetting Citizens paying >50K/yr $ running out
You just say the word & you've got constituents who will march, petition, write, call, tweet, post, ANYTHING.  This cannot stand.  #IMPEACH.
Did you march when Obama lied about keeping our doctors and insurance? Or when he said we would save $2,500?
Obama didn't lie dummy.  The insurance companies are stealing from us all & the Republicans are supplying the KY Jelly. #ObamacareHelpedMe
We are at,almost full employment most people have company insurance. This legislation won't effect people who are working, right?
wrong! do some research
Work it out Senator. We have 2 plans, the ACA and the ACHA. Compromise with Corps and Insurance companies to this bill done. Up the gas tax.
Stupid, now gas tax should help pay for healthcare, infrastructure, what else education, War? DUMP gouging middleman > GREEDY INS companies
Continue our fight.  Tweek ACA but don't repeal/replace.  It's almost a vendetta against anything Pres Obama did. We will suffer
It was a pipe dream and it's done now
@SenateDems job is now to fight @housegop.  I wonder if the 1% realize they are at risk when compared to the .01%?  Most in 1% don't get it.
Please fight for us!
Why can't the women of the senate step up! All men were in that room
Yet it never prevented rates going up for millions of healthy people.  Great trade off!
Benefits of #SinglePayer 
* Business's Save 
* Cost of H.C. Lower 
* All US Citizens Covered 100%

#msnbc @SenSanders #lastword @greta #cnn
More Benefits
* NO Additional Costs. Payment for Services go directly to Hospitals and Doctors. (No bias State Governors) 

@SenSanders
Just like the promise we can't keep to our veterans?
The ACA did not prevent that from happening but once again why let facts interfere with your agenda right
So many people will be devastated. Please help.
Support Medicare4all or we'll find someone who will
Like the VA?
"Medicare4All"
The VA single payer system works so well! Users very happy! No waits
There is nothing affordable about the ACA, many people can't afford the deductables and refuse to seek treatment.  You cheer their pain.
Diane, Please insist GOP Senate Health care working on AHCA put some women on it? We r 50% of pop.  What is this Saudi Arabia?
ONLY way to insure all Americans get healthcare they are entitled is under single payor system. How many Americans must die b4 we get it?!?
No thank you VA coverage for all will kill millions in week 1 you can keep that for yourself
So tell me, when you are of age, are you going to refuse Medicare? That is socialized medicine.
We will see when I get there but I can tell you I will have suplimental as well. Just like now I can use the VA but don't because its inept
I'm sorry to hear that VA not providing you with good medical service. You deserve better than that & I hope it improves for you.
It already has our President made it where vets can go to the public sector with less red tape. Would have been nice if the last guy cared
I may be incorrect, but I thought he kept asking for more $$ for VA budgets but Republican Congress didn't approve. Anyway, glad it's better
Its not fixed but he signed and Executive Order allowing Vets to seek help elsewhere with less paperwork.  The GOP was slow to join but they
How's that fight for single payer going?
What good is an ACA card if it’s worthless to use?  Or too expensive?  You have 20MM people who pay the tax instead.
That's odd, my rates went from $210 mo to $572 mo under ACA with never a claim in 4 years
It has also caused almost all the insurance co to withdraw from ACE. Most quality Dr and Hospitals have too. Get sick and go where with ACA?
It's time that the insurance companies were addressed as well as the pharmaceutical companies.
That's why #singlepayer is best. Keeps the profiteering insurance companies from making decisions that should be between patient & Doctor
VA coverage will kill millions on week 1 do you not pay attention to how well the Gubment does running anything please
