(2/3) Peaceful demonstrations are an integral part of American society & the actions by Turkish security were an affront to these freedoms.
(3/3) We expect better from an ally we’ve enjoyed a productive relationship with. My letter with @SenJohnMcCain:
McCain is on Soros is payroll
Why has our Pres not spoken out about this attack?
I agree.
Who are you to judge hard-working American people
U know what else is disgraceful? Libs running the streets in "protest" distorting community's buildings/cars, now that's disgraceful
Senator, respectfully, is a letter the extent of action allowable by the U.S. Congress?
Why not work with D.C. police to prepare assault charges & then work to extradite. A slap on the wrist from their boss is not justice.
How about our president throwing them out of the country?   But no he won't.
The words "liberal" and "peaceful" don't go together at all! Libs are violent protesters who beat people, riot, block traffic, etc. etc.
@Pyrmha108 @aronlund  Discipline them for fallowing his direct order?No,we need to punish Turkey-How about recognizing the Armenian genocide
Senator, introduce a bill calling the administration to expel the Turkish ambassador.
I hope you will take care of this. They should all be banned. The world is watching. Bully Trump holds responsibility for this as well.
oh so thats disgraceful. And your silence for rioters on our streets speaks volumes senator. Unbelievable
HAHAHAHAHA! Sometimes you're hilarious. You know damned well there is nothing you can do w/o removing diplomatic immunity -- so do that!
Are you kidding? THIS is your response to a Dictator that likely ordered the beatings? Senator we need STRONG Democrats.  Not babysitters
horrid!
You think Erdogan will care?  Really?
Erdooan needs to kick the hell out of our country! Protect our 1st amendment rights! Grow a spine Senator!!
PLEASE that is not America
discipline, my ass.. he needs to turn them over to us so that WE can ensure they know what they have done wrong in OUR GODDAMN COUNTRY.
Good luck with that. Perhaps our cops should have arrested them on the spot.
Senator,  please help make sure those responsible are held accountable. This is our country and we have rights whether they like it or not.
It is clear on videos that he ordered his gorillas to assault and deadly beat peaceful protesters. They are like an international mafia org.
He won't
Shouldn't we expel them?
Siz misafirlerinize böyle saygısızca davranılmasına nasıl izin veriyorsunuz.?!  Bu protesto değil bu hainlik.!!! Ve siz buna müsade ettiniz
Bebek katili usa'dır. Irakta ve suriyede milyonlarca bebek katlettiniz. Bugün Suriyeden kaçan 3 milyon kişiye Erdoğan bakmaktadır.!
Suçlusunuz ama başkasını suçlamaktasınız.! Artık dünya değişti ama siz bizi hala eskisi gibi sanmaktasınız.! Kimse sizin köleniz değil.!
If they were w Erdogon wouldn't WH have list of names? Remove them from privilege of ever entering US again!
You mean himself?
If this act was acted by Assad clinton rome would have asked his head & throne edrogen is advani of turkey made turkey pakistan of midEast.
I haven't understood why nobody seems to be talking about this disgrace! Unacceptable behavior from people visiting the WH!
They should've been arrested!
Yes for sure then threw out of United States
AGREE AND OUR US PRESIDENT DIDNT SAY A WORD ! ITS DISGUSTING AND EVIL
What about your Democratic protesters. Let's see if you can handle that and leave Turkish alone.
criminal prosecution in WashDC is essential for justice for victims #Kurds #YazidiWoman beaten in US streets? #ProsecuteTurkishThugs
Peaceful would not describe protestors appearing across our country since Nov 9
#TurkishEmbassy actions are understandable
Emine, is that You ?
No friend, just an American who would take a paddle to the kids. 
The older ones should know better
The younglings are following along
I think charges should be filed this is not Turkey this is America. If this would have been American citizens they would be facing charges
He won't I'm sure.... can we revoke their diplomatic immunity and kick them out of the country? This shouldn't be tolerated by our Congress!
...#Erdogan punishing some of his security guards? That sound politically correct and naive.The only problem Erdogan is an abusive dictator.
Discipline?  Never happen.  Erdogan was outside his limo watching.  He was leading a pack of thugs.
Erdogan and the world's other autocrats are very much admired by Trump.
Did you see the follow up video where Erdogan was there watching ?
He should leave the country take and his goons with him
This event tells the world that USA is now an Authoritarian State. Trump and his Republican Congress act as though it's a 1 party system.
@GOP doesn't respect first amendment freedoms: free press, peaceful protest. @GOP hacked our free elections. This is not a drill! #RESIST
@cumartesiannesi he gives the order!he believes gets he can act with impunity just like the tortures murders arrests in turkey
Those responsible must be KICKED OUT OF THE USA.  In the USA, Americans have a RIGHT to peacefully protest.  This is still America, right?!?
Don't recall you speaking out against the recent violence at Berkeley. But of course, what do you have to do with California?
and Trump needs to call them out!
These guards need to stay on their property period
Pretty naive thinking he would ever discipline them for the very tactics they use on dissent in turkey- he's a thug and that's what they do
Thank you for speaking out on this.
Are you really serious? Do you actually think anything would move that dictator to discipline HIS thugs?? #LaLaLand
Not nearly strong enough. What's next, calling it 'troubling'? A visiting world leader ordered an attack of American citizens on our soil.
no the law should discipline them. The attacks were not on embassy grounds it was on the sidewalk and street arrest them all.
Imagine having an American President that stays silent
Obama stayed silent when it happened in 2016.
Erdogan & his goons should not be allowed back into our country. WH should demand an apology & reparations for the injured
That wud be the dictator himself. Something u aren't seeing here? Wake up chica. New world order. Corporate Dems helped create it. Tx.
...or expel Turkish Ambassador until he holds his thugs accountable. This is Trump's America, but not mine
What about the USgov. making these individuals "persona non grata"???
You should also be demanding that Trump denounce it. Why aren't you?
He watched, and perhaps directed
U need to view the video of Erdogan in his Mercedes greenlighting the attack & the order being passed on to attack.
New video shows Turkey's Erdogan watching members of his security detail attack Kurdish protesters outside of the Turkish embassy in D.C. 
Sharing
That is the norm for Dictators to treat any opposition then jail or possibly death
Discipline them? Why? They were acting on his orders!
Please take some decisive action or stop grandstanding and wasting oxygen. Americans are scared. We want action, not talk. Expel someone!
I'm. Senator Feinstein? Have you seen the video? HE'S responsible.
Erdogan ordered it.
Like McCain's idea; kick the Ambassador out. But Trump won't do it not will he denounce the actions.

Another of Erdogan's men in the US at the invite of @realdonaldtrump. ID? 

Can anyone identify this member of Erdogan's entourage? 

Can anyone name this guest of @realdonaldtrump? 

One of Erdogan's men in the #EmbassyRowRow seems fresh from a gov't meeting. ID anyone? #erdogistan via @VOATurkish 
The attack on the protesters was appalling. Thank you for this statement Senator Feinstein.
He incited them. Worse things happen in Turkey and Kurdish region. He is a brute
(1/1) The Politibears say these thugs should be shown the fastest route to the airport and deportation.  ICE can help with this.
Looks like Ergodan may have told his security to attack those people.
Not a word about American police mistreating protesters as badly, and worse at DAPL and Occupy.  Hypocrisy runs amok.
I fully agree... Nor any words on how stupid we are in other countries but you are 100% right.
It's in our country! It's up to our law enforcement to deal with this. You know this! You also know they would claim diplomatic immunity FU!
http://washingtonhatti.com/2017/05/18/yeni-videoda-erdoganin-washingtondaki-korumalara-bizzat-saldiri-emri-verdigi-goruluyor/ …
After he's done paying them. #irony
They weren't just "images". People were seriously hurt in that despicable frenzied mêlée! No doubt, incited by Erdogan.
What should we do to the American cops that hosed down& beat&shot Native Americans trying to protect our land with peaceful protest
he was ultimately the one responsible so probably not gonna happen
It was Erdogan who gave the beating order watch YouTube!
there is a clip which appears to show Erdogan gave instructions from his car to his security detail to attack the protesters
http://washingtonhatti.com/2017/05/18/yeni-videoda-erdoganin-washingtondaki-korumalara-bizzat-saldiri-emri-verdigi-goruluyor/ …
Erdogan was responsible He directed it
Verbal commands given by Turkey’s president prior to his bodyguards’ attack
Kind of like war on Americans.
Why not make Erdogan pay for it. Put personal sanctions on the Sultan
Erdogan already paid Flynn for immunity. US won't introduce sanctions, too much in play at eg #Incirlik AFB. History, #U2 ops, you know?
I know, I'm just heckling ppl who think these thugs sallied on their iwn initiative
What stops the #US in its own jurisdiction? 
No matter how many times it's said, does anyone really believe Erdogan cares enough to "discipline" them. Seriously.
We should organize an even BIGGER protest outside #TurkishEmbassy
and trump must denounce!
Sweet cheeks you definitely need a bag over that face of yours... Yikees #MAGA 
Given that he likely told them to do it, I won't hold my breath
Agree. They're on video receiving instructions from Erdogan himself (who was in his car).
