stupid Republicans
More Stupid are the Liberal Democrats.
you believe everything Trump says!! Hahaha
You are a Soros puppet
there is a reason you only have 9 followers.
only been here a few days idiot
You Liberal brats are all alike.  You can't win an argument on merit, so you resort to name calling
Oh, you think we should learn from previous lessons? Well I agree. Lesson 1, don't let Nazis take over your government.
then start voting NO on trump's cabinet picks. What is wrong with you!?
Dodd Frank is Centralized Federal Power over We the People. Reject Govt SLAVERY of its citizens
A reminder, #subprime #loans written by #JimmyCarter initiated by #BillClinton got us into the 2008 mess! I know,I lived it!!!
Dodd Frank is one of worst laws ever done. Destroys small banks added fees&regulations &harmed middle class.Remove it
what is wrong with trump? stand up, organize and confront Trump.
Typical w pendulum laws it swung over too harsh, should be brought back some to let us grow
If you really thought so, why aren't you AT LEAST calling for a reestablishment of Glass-Steegle?
you can thank Bill Clinton for that crisis
@realDonaldTrump You were one of the Democratic leaders who led your party to the huge defeat. Time for you to retire
This scale back will not protect middle class Americans ... It will only help Wall Street and big money
it will help middle class.Dodd Frank's has put small banks out of business & gave big banks monopoly
Glad you are supporting us in this fight.
Support Pres. Trump's agenda to save America! Yesterday's policies have failed.
GET GOV. GREEDY PAWS OUT OF BANKING AGAIN! TIME WORLD START TRADING FUNDS AGAIN!
thank you President Trump. I support President Trump!
thank you, thank you, THANK YOU!!!
Dodd Frank is a nightmare for small business. Just the way you and hubby like it.
funny how dems want us to think that would be a negative, BUT THAT'S JUST what gave us the housing crisis a very few yrs. ago
.. has no idea, Dems have this debt. Time she goes.
the sky is falling scream liberal lemmings as they riot,cry,deny,smear,destroy&fearmonger,running in circles of chaos
Dodd Frank has been a disaster to business &small banks. Massive fees & regulations that harm consumers. Needs to go
Not learning lessons from their own mistakes is covered in Republicanism 101.
Honest to God!
Stand up for what Californians believe in!  We were nearly crushed by the housing crisis!  Stand up with @SenWarren
Trump promised to be @POTUS for the people, not corporations & Wall Street. Scale back risks corporate corruption
why the dunkees because u b actin like one for a long time so adios 2 ur mex state
Dodd-Frank crushes econ growth. Clinton repealing Glass-Steagall & telling banks 2 give bad loans caused crisis.
@washingtonpost 
Why don't you mention Obama's appointment of Geithner & Summers the evil financiers to top positions?
Means less $ for  wealthy elites who donate big $ to you!You don't care about Americans, only for Muslim refugees.
Bring back Glass Steagall Act! The Rothschild might not like it but who ares about them.
but it was big banks reckless loan programs & selling them as securities. Dodd-Frank protects them, crushes small guy instead
Dodd frank caused more problems than fixed get rid of it
@KamalaHarris I agree. Our voices have been taken awa!  They break the rules to ignore our votes. How is this happening?
We need the Senate  to overturn this EO.  Banks can not be trusted w/ Americans best interests. I don't want another crash.
Standby for the next round of US bank collapses in about 2 years. Once a decade.. Such a shame.
So angry, we are going to have another crash and whose nickel will it be on, the taxpayer- save for the President who doesn't pay them.
@SenSanders @elizabethforma we can't let this happen AGAIN! Now GOP wants to it again? I can't $$$ survive another crash!
please continue to fight for us Californians!
I live on CA. STOP VOTING FOR TRUMP APPTS! # RESIST OR BE PRIMARIED!!!!
keep fighting Senator. We need you to keep pushing hard against GOP/Trump
NO SESSIONS! NO NO NO.
VIOLENT PROTESTING IS DANGEROUS TO HUMAN LIVES. WHAT ARE YOU DOING ABOUT THAT?
Be a leader! Ask for the violence to stop. Unless you are for the violent protesting?  ARE YOU?
@SenSanders @KamalaHarris @timkaine He is a White Supremacist! Do not hear him! Trump not A President crazy Danger !!!!!!!
The dumpster fire is growing.
He should sign a order to water down the far left of the Democratic party
Evidently Trump enjoyed that crisis, he is bullying the American people. #ImpeachTrump
please don't let him take us backwards.
Do something about it @SenFeinstein
He's doing all the action n us Dems is just talk, talk, talk...
so I guess you don't think the community reinvestment act had anything to do with it?
you cry wolf all the time- you have become FAKE NEWS.
if we are going back to 2008, can we at least get Obama back.
I agree
just making himself and his fat cat friends richer
#SaveDoddFrank
what will you do to reinstate Dodd-Frank protections?
Part of the reason for 2008 collapse was Democratic support for low income housing loans thru Fanny & Freddy!
This is how we are governed now?
Executive orders....might as well send congress home! Congress better stop this! 
it certainly helps the trump corp. borrow money to expand AND to pay off their Russian loans.
Can he do this without Congress?
@care4democracy @NBCNews how can president effect a change to a congress'l action?  Submit bill to rectify this. Have yr back!
#doddfrank destroyed our Small Bus by eliminating access to  a R/E secured loan!
Dodd Frank is consumer protections that Trump wants to destroy.
Exactly! Dodd-Frank was put in place for a reason (except Sec. 1502). It must be stronger to protect CONSUMERS, not weaker.
it is going down get with the program Senator or leave. Trump won you all lost. end of story.
we told you WE WANT LESS GOVT. REGULATIONS. thats why you lost the election. YOU @HouseDemocrats @DNC DON'T GET IT
@DrCyn21 @NBCNews 2008 financial disaster was the best. Made tons of $ from the loser homeowners bc I'm smart.
has this administration NO SHAME????
it's time to tell banks we will take our money elsewhere if they don't stop it
Yes, let's put all our money in credit unions. Remember we bailed these barst**ds out!  Never again!
More economically illiterate Dems
Please do what you can to preserve as much of Dodd-Frank as possible. 2018 will bring more support in Congress!
yes, thank you, senator!!
sounds like we need to get our life savings out of the stock markets before Wall Street steals it again.
and how many people went to jail from that? How many did we cease all their assists and kick them out of the country?
Your up to about 94 million yourself right? How is it you got so rich? Did you get lucky with Visa too? Maybe Dole???
how much did Solyndra get again???
who was it again that paid out hundreds of milliins in stimulus money all for rich corporate CEO's???
it would be nice if everyone reads the article. The headline is extremely misleading.
I know @SenFeinstein  will fight tooth and nail. Her record is impeccable
lets not forget about fannie mae and freddy mac who tried to regulate them, and who shot them down???
have personally tried calling you for 2 weeks. Busy signal every time 202-224-3841 BLOCK: ban,wall, devos,bannon,aca appeal!!!
those "same" ppl who got in jam then will be victims again thinking Hey govt fixed it. A-ok. Mnuchin wins--UGH
.     Ya, I hear Wall St. is In bad shape!
since no one is going to change housing market derivatives, mess with the unemployment count I think we'll be ok!
I strongly concur. What legal action is applicable to stop Trump & his cohorts? Any probability of impeachment???
push taxes, russian infulence, emoluments, immigration unconstitutionality.  @LouiseMensch @20committee
Well none of Congress was affected like rest of us and Mnechen's homeowners. Really too exhausted to think GOP cares
yes!  Keep the pressure on.
What are going to do about that? You've rolled over for the fascist already.
Then don't ignore it! We're gonna need more than talk, Senator!
you only cry FEAR like Goliath said to David.
Please be specific as to which parts concern you?  Some rules make it impossible for small banks to compete. #DoddFrankAct
the 1% don't care & as much as Trump claims to 'care' abt the 99% he really doesn't cuz he IS the 1%. Fools
those who ignore the past are doomed to repeat it.
DANGEROUS? please....do tell, how so Diane??
what can the legislative branch do as dodd frank was already passed?
stop repeal of regulations
please @SenFeinstein just retire.  All these years, talk only. no action, enough is enough.
Why are we going backwards? So FKD UP!
it would have been great if you pressured Prez. Obama to bail out the people instead of these same banks. At our 
please stop voting yes on Trump's nominees and work to get him out of office before he & Bannon start a war.
Lesson 3, if Nazis do take over your government, don't rubber stamp all their nominations until you're shamed out of it.
Everything Trump does and says I am against even if its benefits Americans... (Says Diane always)
that was years ago... stop living in the past /s
they will do same thing.  Gamble with ur money & then u get to bail them out
As I understand, this is only an order for a review. It's up to Democrats in Congress to stop it. <hint hint>

Lesson 2, if Nazis do take over your government, the least effective method of removing them is appeasement.
lesson three hair cut, lesson four have some actually evidence of nazism before you flap youre yap, lesson 5..

WE THE PEOPLE OF THE USA WILL NEVER FUCKING BAIL OUT ANY OF THESE OPERATIONS EVER AGAIN.  THE ARE FRAUDULENT.
unfortunately we will
NO.  THIS TIME THEY WILL BE BURNED IN EFFIGY.
the US taxpayer will bail them out again
