Kill it in the Senate!!!!
Why don't you and other politicians rely only on #Obamacare for Medical coverage?  Why do you deserve better coverage ?
If you don't advocate for #SinglePayer  #WeWillReplaceYou
Your job isn't to require every citizen to have health care or mandate what that insurance looks like.. Term Limits!!
so what's the dems plan?
srs
not snrk
Step 1: #SaveTheACA and prevent the deaths of 29,000 Americans a year.
Step 2: Develop actual better health care policy.
109 Democratic Reps have committed to supporting #MedicareForAll: https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/house-bill/676/text … .
Which Diane won't support because she takes big money from lobbyist of health insurance, pharma and others.
ObamaCare is UR fault! Obamacare is unaffordable. People pay high premiums & deductibles then don't have money 2 use the plan! U screwed us!
Fight with everything you have Senator
Yet u won't support single payer with @SenSanders.
We are Tired of Phony, #Sellout Democrats that don't represent us. https://twitter.com/davidsirota/status/859419254554275841 … #BernieCare
EXPOSED: Dianne Feinstein held fundraiser with healthcare lobby firm days after slamming Sanders' single-payer bill http://www.ibtimes.com/political-capital/dianne-feinstein-takes-money-health-care-lobby-rejects-single-payer-insurance …
For being a public "servant" you're one of the RICHEST servants I have ever heard of.
I noticed that this "public servant" doesn't have the same health care plan as the public she "serves"....#hypocrite
Yup
So as my senator I am guessing that I do not need to call you about this
Waaaa! Don't worry tissues will still be covered for cry babies
You are trying to defend legislation that would kill 29,000 Americans a year.

Go rethink whatever led you to write that. #SaveTheACA
As soon as they passed the bill 29,000 people magically had death sentences? I don't think so, scare tactics magical numbers work on idiots
Yes, it does. There is no conscience left in tie GOP.
Public service? Seriously? What do you know of public service? You are a leech.
Wonder how many more #HollywoodElite abuse Gov programs designed to help the less fortunate? @Cher buy your own puffer!
did you sing the Junior High song too?
thank you for opposing it on behalf of all californians and Americans!
If there were any public servants, instead of corporate servants, we'd have universal healthcare.
You are duly noted:
Voices of liberation,

can't be silenced,…
So, are you ready to FIGHT for us?? If not, time for your resignation & appt someone who will #resist #ResistTrumpCare
Answer your phones! I get busy signals. I want to thank you, so I will do it here, but would like you to hear my voice.
We expect you to reject it And never let it become law.
The only way AHCA is worse, is if you live in the bankrupt State of California
States know better than the Fed Gv.California obviously needs mental health reform. Here in Texas, that issue is confined to Travis County!
Don't touch Medicare, Medicaid will still cover indigent
calm down Diane it's happening sweetie!!!
You aren't public servants. You serve the political elite and the secret societies they belong to!
You, @NancyPelosi, & any Dem who pretends to serve us, while actually running interference for the donor class, has got to go. #SinglePayer

Voices of liberation,

can't be silenced,…
@SenFeinstein Senator, please do not let this bill pass the house.
#TrumpCare is Alt-right white GOP's genocide on women, minorities, sick, aged, underprivileged, & veterans. #TrumpDontCare
Hey Senator are you using the AHCA coverage? Why not?
Get rid of the illegals in the state and things would improve!
Please Senator get behind SB 562 in Calif. Our state. Yes I live in Ca. As well. You may lose your seat in 2018.
Please protect America and do your best to influence a NO vote in the Senate on this despicable bill.  #noonahca
Yet you're opposed to Medicare for all. You're a sellout. I hope you get primaried and lose in your next election to a real Progressive.
Thank you, @SenFeinstein! Your dedication to what is right for the people (regarding healthcare) is admirable!
You need to retire on the shitty insurance we are forced to have...your rhetoric nauseates me!
"public servant"...I just vomited in my mouth!
Hillary didn't win the election she screwed up her self she need to be in prison government needs to stay out of  healthcare
#resist, @SenFeinstein! Shoot this monstrous bill right between the eyes until it stops twitching!
Public servant??  Wish I got your salary and benefits as a servant.
Our healthcare is not your responsibility.
So you are for it.
The plan eliminates plan parenthood great savings 
Great for saving babies
Stop lying .
Plan parenthood sells baby organs .
Only do abortion. 
No prenatal services 
No mammograms 
DEMOCRATS LIARS
thank you #voteno
BS. More FAKE news
You need to get out of private sector business
What's your health insurance like?
In the 1st place, the Dems are Not serving the public. You are too focused on getting rid of #POTUS,to do what URpaid for. Buck up Buttercup
Sorry Diane I don't bust my ass daily to pay for someone to sit on their ass & get free healthcare. Your liberal pals can get a job. @AHCA
Senator we would not be here if it hadn't been for DNC taking away our right to vote for #BernieSanders Neither party works for us.
#Obamacare destroyed people's health insurance. You #Democrats have everything backwards.

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
#DrainTheDemocrats
#Trump
What bill R U reading Huge Forehead @SenFeinstein 
Also: please ignore the trolls.  They're here for only one reason--to deny America a healthy citizenry.  Pure anti-American destructiveness.
Please fight this with every bone in your body.  Let us know how we can help.  THIS SHALL NOT PASS!
Your curt response that there is no evidence of collusion was confusing. What did you mean? Others have said the exact opposite. Clear up.
Since when have you been a "public servant?"
#TermLimits
Obviously, after decades in office, you have failed to provide what every other industrialized State offers. Seriously, retire.
Dear @SenFeinstein , I wish it would fly in your face! Good lord. Cover that crypt keeper up!
I am a californian voter and I support your position on the AHCA.  Stay strong!!
Public servant ..snort
The @TheDemocrats plan is failing costing millions access to insurance. Many will die
Then maybe you could, oh I don't know... SUPPORT SINGLE PAYER ALREADY LIKE THE REST OF THE CIVILIZED WORLD?????
What flies in my face is that Dems passed a crappy health care bill and exempted yourselves from it! ACA made life miserable for millions!
May the Force be with you Senator! Live LOOOOONG and prosper. We need you!
.@SenFeinstein They're self-servants, not public servants. The 15 Diseases of Leadership, According to Pope Francis
Health Care Bill? The primary purpose is Insurance coverage. Affordable, portable health insurance coverage not health care.
Obama care wasn't much better.
This bill makes being a woman a pre-existing condition. Please do everything you can to make sure #AHCA does not pass!
Please help us Senator; we are counting on you. I feel a revolution a comin
Will it? Maybe we just need to "pass the bill to know what's in the bill" --- Nancy Pelosi (on ACA)
Explain why u r exempt
See, this is where we fundamentally disagree. Your job is not to make my life better. If it was, you're terrible at it.
you know, single payer would make the lives of millions of people better
PLEASE reconsider your position on #SinglePayer, it is WAY more popular than you may think.
If Obama care is so damn wonderful,  why are ALL Senators under the same plan as us surf's?
Time for you to work with republicans to make #ACHA better.
Please fight for us, thank you we need you
But NOT worse for the millions funding those millions! Since when is their care MY responsibility?
THANK YOU!
we forgot dems job as public servants is yo get filthy rich
Obamacare not only flew in the face, it dive bombed!
If no one says anything else, trumps supporters will continue to believe it passed and next year Congress can work on fixes of the #ACA
The current #ACA is getting worse... Anything else will be an improvement. #AHCA can't be worse than the ACA
@SenFeinstein So why do you not support single-payer? Say your goodbyes, you will NOT keep your seat.

And yet you refuse to fight for health care for all. Is it because you've taken 2.14 million $ in donations from Health Insurance Companies?
coming from a piece of shit like u who screwed seniors out of medicare by taking a trillion dolars our to pay for the aca most did not want
@SenFeinstein please fight this! We all deserve proper care/coverage! #DumpTrump
-- question is are the millions democrats and will be offset by more millions benefiting from repeal....
@MarkSanford @freedomcaucus @Heritage are delighted - who cares about sick people or preventive care? @womensmarch @PPact @MUSC_COM @maddow
Says the person that exempted herself and fellow Senators from Obamacare
That's exactly what happened with Nobamacare.
its not about the health care bill its not about any bills. I will not obey any laws in a police state.
You aren't a public servant not for the working people your model works well and Venezuela just not for the people of Venezuela
If the Dems had not designed Obama care to fail so the Dems cauld force single payer on us it would not have been necessary to fix it
Oh come on. Many of the amendments were done so the repubs would support it. Enough blame for all...8 yrs of obstruction = no fixes
And the fact that there is a bill to exempt congress and aides from the negative portions seems... disingenuous.  Nah, HYPOCRITICAL!
LIAR DIANNE. IF YOU REPEAL SENATE CARE & ALL OF U CREDENT'S SIGN UP 4 ACHA...8 YEARS, THEN LET'S TALK. BUT NO UR TOO DAMNED SPECIAL
Thank you, Senator. I look forward to your forceful resistance to this in the Senate. Sincerely, a constituent
Co-signed!
Channel your emotions into action. Focus on getting everyone after their Senators to kill it. That's an even bigger win for #ResistTrumpCare
