We need to allow them to stay and then close the borders and only let in by permission. It has to stop at some point. But those kids belong
NO they Don't have Green Cards there for they are Trespassing on American Soil
They belong here!! Bottom line. As a child they came here and built a life. Blame the parents, not the child.
NO!.Since when do liberalcrats care about living children.There all about murdering babies
make them all citizens outright.this is the only way to defeat racism.many fought and died for this country
Disgusting.  Also writing a bill http://to.save  illegal. You are worthless in obeying this country laws  I will never vote for u
Lead them to the legal citizen line!!
Why defend an illegal EO that doesn't build citizenship? Why defend BHO's overreach instead of leading immigration reform? Do what's legal!
traitor!!
Thank you! I am a US born citizen, my children are US citizens, my husband is DACA. Please help keep our family together.
You are the most awful Congressmen in US history. Only out for yourself!  Richer and richer you get. Trying to get 800,000 more votes now.
Time to stop voter fraud in California.
No
#putinbot @TwitterSupport
Millions of citizens hurting I wonder when our leaders will prefer Americans over illegals? They should go back and make their country great
American citizens wish you would fight this hard for them! #DEFENDAMERICANHOMELESS #DEFENDAMERICANFOSTERCHILDREN #DEFENDANERICANVETS
Absolutely NO!! You had your chance, we are here to clean up Obama's mess & our sympathy lies with Americans & Legal Immigrants!
STOP trying to DIVIDE We are a nation of one All Americans Tell them truth https://twitter.com/eissolomon11/status/905567601010630662 … #DACA
#Daca Applicants keep their status & complete the process. Don't believe the Lies Democrats tell you . Watch  #ThursdayThoughts 
Thank you.
Thank you
It's time to take back California from the Democrats they ruined California....... Time to put a Republican and change the laws back.
You were just gone along with Pres. Trump's ideas now. You don't want to lose your job in 2018 you're struggling time to take back to Cal.
Do you still want to give Trump a chance? #ImpeachTrumpNow
Never trump.
AAAAAAAND IT GONE!
No.
Resign out touch with Americans
Provide them w/a Path to Citizenship! It is NOT their fault they are here! Fine their parents then open the app process for the children.
Now its time @SenFeinstein b proud2vote4tax reform, wall funding,repealing Obamacare&immigration reform!Vote 2018!  #AmericaFirst 
yesMayor!!
IT NEVER PASSED - Obama did it illegally, do YOUR job, work with GOP and get it done. People tired of blame game.
Obama did not give you a vote on DACA now you was a vote. How transparent
Yesterday's #DefendDACA protest at San Diego's County Administration Office. #DreamAct
We haven't forgotten about your hesitation, Senator.
Give them a path to citizenship. Proof of attending elementary school in the US is a start.
#putinbot
You voted for something that was known to be unconstitutional...... that's totally offside, and at least 2 minutes for delay of game...
#EnforceOurLAWS
No DACA no dreamers
Thank you. I'm proud that you are my senator.
Not enough do more! You have failed for years now stand up for them! Represent us stop talking start negotiating!
President put the ball in your court.
You have my support, Senator.
Do you really believe Trump could be a good president?
Thank you SenatorFeinstein for your effort to save DACA from our RACIST, Human Scum President.
CAN'T WAIT TO SEE DIANNE VOTERS WHO ARE HATERS EAT CROW WHEN SIGNED INTO LAW
Can't wait til DACA BECOMES LAW IN SURE DIANNE DURBEN SCHUMER WATERS WILL STILL CALL TRUMP A RACIST
84 YR OLD DIANNE knows how to play politics! This ILLEGAL EXEC ORDER WILL END UP A BETTER LAW AND WHEN TRUMP SIGNS IT WILL POTUS GET CREDIT?
Most Democrats are idiots! TRUMP SENT IT TO CONGRESS AND IF IT IS A BETTER BILL AND TURNS INTO LAW? SHE WILL HAVE TO ADMIT POTUS SIGNED IT
Dianne refuses to say DACA EXEC ORDER IS A LAW!,SHE KNOWS IT ISN'T A LAW! BUT SHE KNOWS HER VOTERS ARE MORONS AND SHE HAS TO PLAY RACE CARD
Dianne is a Typical old PROGRESSIVE HACK AND KNOWS HER CONSTUANTS ONLY BELIEVE IT'S RACISM! 84 YR OLD DIANNE USES RACE BAITING FOR HER GAIN
Dianne refuses to say OBAMA'S EXEC ORDER IS  LAW IF CONGRESS PASSES SOMETHING BETTER TRUMP SIGNS IT WHO GETS THE CREDIT DIANNE RACIST TRUMP?
Tie it to debt ceiling, Harvey funding
RETIRE you washed up has been, you've done enough damage to this country!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I think you're dreaming, Dianne.
Please hold out for a Clean DREAM Act. We cannot set the precedent that treating our neighbors with dignity is conditional.
Introduce a bill!
Come legally or get out (MAGA)
Thank you!
So sad you are basically telling all legal immigrants they were chumps. They worked hard, now you hand the keys to ppl who break laws. 
Thank you, @SenFeinstein and @SenKamalaHarris for cosponsoring the bipartisan Durbin-Graham “DREAM Act” (S. 1615). #DefendDREAMers 
Government get to pay then?
Up with the taxes and hand outs to minorities we are expected to pay. So we will lose everything our kids will not be educated who will
Against them. So the laws are for White middle class American citizens right? And America is losing the middle class because we cannot keep
We know the rich including Hillar Clinton and transgendered or gays get a pass because they do not commit crimes only have crimes committed
Deede why didn't @TheDemocrats pass legislation in 2010?
Kids average age 21, because not their fault can't discriminate all these minorities if discriminated by USA citizen considered hate crimes
Because they to r minority discriminated , pass, not Mexicans they r to b welcomed with r without citizenship,pass, AND certainly not DACA
I would like you to tell me. Who is to obey the laws? Not black people because they are discriminated against most get a pass, not Muslim
California Hospitals are importing Registered Nurses from other countries & denied jobs to American nurses. Is that right Senator Feinstein?
Democrats are part of the New World Order to create the new slaves: cheap labor either skilled/unskilled/professional workers.
I'm a U.S. Citizen and a registered nurse (RN) and I've been denied employment because I'm over 45 years old. Is that right?
Thank you @SenFeinstein for supporting the Dream Act!
Please Please Please fight when they try to attach a wall to this. We need a stand-alone piece of legislation
You were elected to represent the people of the United States.  Are you so blind that you can't see the difference???
Put forth a bill Senator.
We'll give U vote, but how about some details first? And what do U tell legal applicants who have been in line 4 years? DACA cut in, 2 bad?
Dianne... were you aware that the executive branch enforces laws, and the legislative branch, of which you are a part, writes laws??
You're a Senator Jackass-write the legislation to get a vote!!!! Don't you know how it works????
If you cared you would work at fixing the immigration process and stop making illegal loopholes that leave people stuck as slaves.
Thank you for your yes vote #DefendDACA as my Senator.
we are a country of legal immigrants not illegal.Mexicans who came the legal way get nothing from democrats.Your all law breakers
You didn't let people vote for the gas tax nor higher car registrations in California, so NO vote 4 you!
why the hell did you say daca was illegal? It wasn't. Stop the political bullshit.
I agree. It really bothered me when he called them illegal aliens. These people are in no way illegal. They are here legally UAss Hole.
Exactly!!! So sick of these white assholes living in their ivory towers playing with these children of @DACA's lives.
No way Dianne!
Deport all Senators to Venezuela!  Alerte alerte anti-barista!
I understand your DREAM act, but when will you vote for something to help the rest of us legals?
Obey the law vote no
Kudos for your maturity towards Trump.  We only get one person in the office at a time, usually not a President.
I support DACA
It's not a proud day to remember when six Senate Democrats voted NO in 2010
Who were they?
...... every time I read Dem tweet on this #DreamAct, it makes me laugh.
Thank you Senator Feinstein!
Thank you for defending DACA. We appreciate all that you do  #DefendDACA
Yes is the humanity thing to do they deserve a chance in this beautiful country we'll what's left of!!
Diane as a senator you knew former President Obama went around the constitution.  You do not know rule of law. #voteherout
I know you know none of this would be happening without trump.
No way no how he will EVER be a "good president " Senator. Wish you'd say so.
How can your colleagues be so cruel and shortsighted? Too many old, white men in Congress. This bill needs to be passed NOW
Sen Feinstein, your priority should be to first pass laws that benefit legal citizens, like healthcare, tax reform, the Wall, infrastructure
Look at you now. Look what I've done. Really
Thank you, Senator.
Even if both houses pass it, he will veto, watch it happen
Unless we pay for his WALL! I don't want to pay for it, do you? Veto proof is only way.
Fund the border wall, & I'll think about giving you a vote.  Otherwise run for senator of Mexico...  #MAGA
Do your jobs!  Obama wouldn't have had to act with his Royal Pen if you had.
Here is my congresswoman so "proud" to have condoned violation of immigration law, "proud" to cheat our citizens out of jobs.  Disloyal.
You should be directing this tweet to Obama who circumvented Congress for this... but by all means blame Trump... #sillypeople
Then for once in your life do your job and write a bill to protect them. Tired of listening to both sides of a do nothing Congress.
My question is @SenFeinstein can the Dems. & Reps. work together and pass legislation for POTUS to sign into law? Giving Trump a WIN!!!
He will only sign if we taxpayers pay for  WALL! It is geologically and environmently WRONG. I don't want to pay for it, do you. Veto proof
You should have done your job then!!
Get the illegals off SSI that money belongs to SENIORS where is our cost of living ??  And thanks for overloading Medicare 4 SENIORS
No
You & your congressional buddies need to get busy & DO YOUR JOB!  It's not POTUS responsibility.  http://www.ncsl.org/research/about-state-legislatures/separation-of-powers.aspx …
DO YOUR JOB. Enact the DREAM ACT TODAY, then IMPEACH and CONVICT this vile administration.
Senator, why can't you and others (ie. @LindseyGrahamSC ) craft legislation to resolve this once and for all?
Do it.  Do it now! Clean bill granting DACA permanent resident status.  Stop the TERROR. Then prioritize comprehensive immigration reform.
Keep dreaming for us:
Still think he's going to be a great president?
The current democrat party has the balls to call the trump supporters racist, they are the ones promoting low jobs for Illegal IMMIGRANTS!
Thank you, Senator Feinstein.
Dear Dianne Feinstein , question - are you finally admitting to the entire act being a stunt to buy votes with ?
They only dream Californians have is you are voted out of office.
I'd be proud if you retire today.
get it done!
Do you still think we should give @realDonaldTrump  a chance? Your constituents think you need to #StandUpSpeakOut more and louder.
All 5 of them
You are really something else. We are insolvent and you want to give away $ we don't have. Career #POLITICIANS are the bane of America
Trump signs nothing on DACA until repeal/replace ObamaCare & tax reform. Trump has you clowns over a barrell.
Congress can over ride trump pal.
Thank you Senator Feinstein. The Dreamers need this support. The president lied.
Trump didn't lie! He campaigned on rescinding DACA, which is an ILLEGAL executive order, not law! He made no secret about his position!
Give Us a vote you socialist!
Just another reason to support whoever runs against you.
Will you support ending illegal imigration,visa overstay's, employer hiring violations and secured bordersfor WORKABLE lawful solutions!
Get to work Congress!
Stop daca. No illegal immigrants wanted
Write a bill! You've been such a leader, so now take the charge! You've got this!
So tell me, why didn't you vote on it in 2009 when Dems controlled the WH, the House and had a filibuster proof majority in the Senate?
If we only had more Senators who have the compassion you do.
HaHaHa - I've jailed enough of them in my 40 years of LE; actually made a good liv'n doing it.
How many times did that #DreamAct fail? Why?
Thank You!  My heart is aching for my friends,  tenants,  workers and family members.  #SaveDACA #DACA
How are you, as a US Senator, doing about it!?! Today? It is YOUR job! Action!
The Dream Act NEEDS to pass. No more waiting for those people who have proved themselves valuable members of our society!
so you were proud to vote for a illegal, unconstitutional overreach....not to bright Di......old political hack..

The wicked witch of the West Wing  has unleased his flying monkey to round-up innocent children who are not in kansas anymore...Deplorable!
Rebecca. You're showing your 70 IQ.
Vote yes in #RaiseAct if you want to honestly help America and Potus to establish a sound job market! Empty laws must stop..targeting 1group
I wouldn't hire a trump followers. They don't  process the strong work ethic that migrants do.
Fight the good fight. Thank you Senator!
Career politician.
While your at it vote to impose 25th amendment impeach Trump & entire administration, clearly they have co-opted the US for personal motive.
THANKS FOR SUPPORTING DACA!
MILLIONS OF AMERICANS ARE WAITING FOR TAX RELIEF - HEALTH CARE- GET TO WORK ON THAT NOW
You got it, make us proud "citizenship DACA/No Wall
Almost ALL of you Democrat politicians are tweeting 10x more about DACA, than you have about Harvey victims.

We see you...
BOOHOO TO YOU SEN !
Make sure the Wall gets built too.
