Filibuster #Gorsuch. #California
Democrats stand for killing babies. Perfect judicial candidate & still only one topic.
I was wrong. Also euthanasia.
Why are Dems even hearing a nomination by an illegitimate Pres?
#gorsuch doesn't even deserve a vote until the investigation into trump and russia is completed.
I did not impressed at all.
how can there even be contemplation of a nomination from a president and his administration who are under investigation??????
pls don't let this nominee thru, he is unfit, has the garbage taint of @realDonaldTrump filibuster if you have to #Resistance
FILIBUSTERER PLEASE! Very concerned by results of your questioning and @alfranken
please get the democrates to shut the nomination prcess down until Trump and his cronies are convicted or cleared!!!
You can't possibly consider confirming him, can you?  You did rock it, by the way.
#confirmGorsuch Stop putting off the inevitable. Trump has 4 years to get more. #CantFightThemAll Careful with your battles.
I think I need to comment as this plays and my first one is; Why do the Left always use the words pass down?
She did it again "send it down to you" Sen please correct you mind. you work for the people!!! we don't work for Yo
May we count on you to join the filibuster?  Thank you.
Your questions did little but waste time and ! Judge Gorsuch needs to be voted onto SC and then you need to work on MAGA!
@kdlewis04 @YouTube the only reason you and fellow liberals are grilling is all about abortion. That is all you care about
Doctors administer anesthesia and perform surgery on 20wk old fetus' Nuff said.
please vote AGAINST Gorsuch
Please @SenFeinstein Do not continue these hearings. This judge is recommended by an illegitimate prez and should not be confirmed.
I amd not understanding how this nomination process can possibly be acceptable to anyone!!
You  were an embarrassment.
there is no such thing as "super precedents"
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=l8DqeUPOoHI …
Stop the tit-for-tat political games and confirm #JudgeGorsuch.
please join your Dem colleagues and filibuster Gorsuch.
Thank you!  No ACA repeal!  No Gorsuch! No Trump Supreme Court nominees until Trump/Cabinet investigations done!
nope you are delusional attacking the best candidate for scotus what do you hope to accomplish?
From the depths of my heart thank you for speaking for women. We owe you our gratitude
Do NOT make a deal with #MitchMcConnell on this. Gorsuch is NOT QUALIFIED
Why did U want people to watch you? You look like you don't have a very high IQ I would b ashamed to ask ? you did.
Pls. No confirmation while Drumpf investigated.  Gorsuch is NOT a good choice. History shows his alligiences.
you use "super precedent" like Jack Sparrow uses "parley". Ridiculous!
I walked in 40 below zero, our eyes hurt, Gorsuch's ruling is inhumane, read reports, saw the video, was ruling color blind?
Really need to get your head screwed on straight. No matter how much you scream and holler, Neil Gorsuch WILL be confirmed.
You democrats are looking real bad.
so sick of your grandstanding.
Ridiculous partisan questions and comments today.
I watched yesterday! There should NOT even be hearing until this russian collusion is determined!! Do not reward it!
_No
You did great @SenFeinstein. Thank you.
lol what a waste of time. Rediculous questions. Profoundly answered.
No hearing for nominee from a #POTUS under investigation! 
Why is #RexTillerson going to #Russia? #HaltHearings #trumpRussia
he's going to be confirmed and there's nothing you can do about it Leatherface
Gorsuch is a phony.On every questions the dramatics outweigh the answer
your first round was a failure. Do you really need do-overs?
Judge Gorsuch is immensely qualified for the position. I'm glad the Nation gets to see how petty the Demos are.
The Constitution isn't a flexible doc. It has served us very well w/o that stupidity.Don't b like ur fellows, biased & stupid.
Gotsuch continues to make you look like a fool and I'm loving every second of it
Super-President? Is that code for laws that favor only progressives and feminists? Is the 2nd amendment a Super-President DF?
Outclassed against Gorsuch, best if you & Chuck pick up your toys and go home but the entertainment values is priceless!
The Constitution is not a living doc it is the law of the land not to be changed to fit liberal outcome based legal decisions!
why are you there? Trump is illegitimate and this is a stolen seat. Don't lend legitimacy. Walk out! Fillibuster!
to see you get schooled again hell yeah.
Sen Feinstein I grew up watching your career. Now I'm an old man. Still watching. I'm sure you'll do the right thing.
Please say NO to Gorsuch
yes, but what about the all important duck/horse question? But thx for actually asking about precedent/Roe/Torture though.
please read the Constitution and the Federalist Papers before you call it a living document again.
are they still stupid questions
You couldn't be farther from the truth... You scare me MORE than Charles Manson...  you are the reason we need term limits
Please leave these hearings no reason for the Democrats to be involved
Why do you get a second go-around.
RESIGN Dianne Feinstein !!! You are a failure to America and California !!! RESIGN Dianne Feinstein !!!
This should be a riot!
watched again. Did not plant on watching entire hearing but it's so fascinating I couldn't stop! Gorsuch is amazing. Confirm!
Isn't there some way to STOP this an All Voting RE: Trump's Nominees an Bills until AFTER INVESTIGATION.
please retire soon
lol!!!! 
@MzGzPhilly Fight this stolen nomination! #DontConfirmGorsuch
Gorsuch is saying all the right things to get confirmed. He will vote conservative. Also, remember, stolen nomination.
Great questioning. Eloquent, intelligent and poignant! I was felt such pride listening to you.
@SenSchumer remember GOP would've held up the SCOTUS nom. f/ 4 years had Hillary been POTUS siting FBI invst.
Very upset: Halt hearings with POTUS under investigation for colluding w/foreign Govt to win election. CA CONSTITUENT
@SenFranken @SenSchumer Gorsuch shouldn't be given the benefit of a hearing while Trump is under FBI investigation #walkout 
there should be no Gorsuch talk until #Trumprussia investigation is complete.
Only thing missing is Donald O'Connor's, "Be a Clown" as background music during your & Dems questioning a far superior man
Will he step down if there's proof of collusion?
Of course he won't step down. Egotistical, megalomaniacs are incapable of admitting wrong. They wait for destruction
.@SenFeinstein please block this and all #Trump nominations until the #TrumpRussia matter has been INDEPENDENTLY investigated and resolved.
_Russia! Please, y'all are sick in the heads and we're sick of it. Get out of the way.
nice work! Thank you for being a critical thinker for your constituents and beyond.
you come up with bullshit like super precedent and expect to be taken seriously. Please retire.
Suspend confirmation hearings. This administration is under FBI investigation.
Isn't it time for Merrick Garland's hearing before considering a #SCOTUSnominee from #PutinsPuppet ?  Asking for America...
you shouldn't need to ask any questions. We all know the answer is no. Unless it's true you work for Republicans?????
SCOTUS is last branch untainted by Russia. Can't consider a nominee from Trump till #TrumpRussia investigation done!
With growing concern over Trump/Russia ties this hearing must be suspended. Show some balls Senator. Do what's right forUSA
PLEASE STOP THIS HEARING! Hold off until FBI investigation completed!!!!!!!! You owe that to us!!!!
I cant watch a power hungry long in t/ tooth party hack talk abt living breathing Constitution.BC Uwant ruling favors
Explain how you made $60M as a Public Servant making $200K a year in a State thats $455B in Debt. Thanks for the RIPOFF
Are you asking this of Republicans too? Perhaps you should. You don't want to be called a hypocrite.
watching don't B fooled by wolfin sheeps clothing
