then vote NO on Price in addition to DeVos and Sessions.
yes please #VOTENO
Vote NO on Sessions and Devos!! Sessions is a racist liar and Devos clearly unqualified!! Tired 2call
Vote NO on Sessions and Devos!!!!
is your office phone malfunctioning? people have been complaining about not getting through
vote no on Sessions and Devos
Vote no on Sessions and Devos!!!!!!!!
Why are you supporting Trump's cabinet picks? Why do none of your offices answer their phones? We need strong leadership.
Pick fight with the GOP and support CA leadership to fight Trump. Weak is criticizing without showing face.
No tariffs! We can't afford it! Recession! No tariffs!
Please vote No on Sessions and DeVos. I am a  CA teacher. She is completely unqualified. Do not betray our children's future.
Vote No on Sessiond and Devos
While you're tweeting, I've called each of your offices twice and it's either busy or mailbox full!
I live in the Central Valley. Although I did not vote for Trump most of these people did!
The Irony being they voted Trump
Ironic ... Central Valley voters pulled the lever for Trump in large numbers.
--- diane, vote no on price.   and no on sessions.
Why can't your constituents get you on the phone?  Please vote NO on Sessions.
if you send back the illegals then they'll be plenty of water for the central valley once again!
you need to worry more about voting no on Sessions, and the whole cabinet!!
Vote No on Sessions and Devos!!!!
Vote NO on Sessions
hitting CA hard, would make Trump's day.
stop him!  constituent here
please vote no Senator
Whoa! The same Central Valley you have been ignoring for years?
And NO on SESSIONS and the rest!
We can't fight back when you rubber-stamp every Trump nominee. Vote NO on Sessions, DeVos, and Price or we'll replace you.
we support you Sen Feinstein and trust you'll vote no on Trumps picks. Thanks! #ScienceMarch
Ummm...aren't these the farms families that voted for him? And will be harmed by the repeal of TPP? 
Please fight hard against this!
are you crazy going to vote for Sessions a crook don't
so would voting for Sessions.
vote no on Sessions and Devos!!!!
show you care about your constituents; vote No on ALL Trumps cabinet picks. We're relying on you to do the right thing.
Please do not support the  Sessions nomination!
Wait, you tweet, but you won't accept calls from your constituents?
Central Valley voted red ...
STOP trying to change the subject here. You voted YES on every single one of trumps picks. Are you really a Democrat? #yousuck
@latime @GOPLeader It would especially hit MCCARTHY's district hard!  Does he represent his district or the GOP
Please say NO to sessions
yo @SenFeinstein vote NO on Sessions. and reconnect the phones in your office. people didnt elect u to ignore them. @dredhernandez @latimes
Funny, but the Central Valley voted Trump. Sad. Also, if you vote for Sessions you will NOT get my vote in '18.
Please extend MediCal to cover those who will lose their insurance from the ACA repeal.
But would help millions of people who have ridiculously high deductibles & premiums through the roof.
@SenateDems Please do whatever you can to block this action. Republicans are not looking to help us.
No it won't.
NO on Sessions, Tillerson, DeVos, and Pruitt please.
Don't let them repeal it then.
Hello, Sen. Dianne Feinstein, your a great American Woman , Representing the Rights of the people. Thank You!
#StopSessions #StopDeVos
NO ON SESSIONS
Please stop Sessions.
Yes and don't vote for Jeff Sessions. In fact, don't go along with any part of #TrumpGOP agenda.
you need to vote no on sessions.  I really expected better from you
trump and Paul Ryan don't care about people. They would rather we all get sick so they can control us.
All of Trump's agenda would hit all of CA hard. So stand up to him. Stop approving his #SwampCabinet
Oh well!
vote against Sessions or resign
It would. Can you vote NO on Sessions? Or can your staff clear your mailbox? Or can you guys answer calls, pls?
will you vote against Sessions? Or do you just like Klansmen?
please vote no on Sessions
