Planned Parenthood made around 137 million last year and you want us Americans to give them Millions more? We do not want to
I'll pay your $3.00 taxes for PP and you pay my $150-plus for stupid wall.
If Democrats would STOP stealing so much we could build a better taller wall Miss.
Hey, Joey, your guy's in charge.  Besides, height of wall doesn't matter as it will collapse because of all the tunneling.
And you approve of that Erika? Would you feel the same if your kid took that lethal dose of synthetic Heroin so many of our own are dying of
Good attempt, btw, to try to guilt me but not working.  If you think a wall will keep cartel out, you're delusional.
If it will stop even one family from being torn apart and or one person from over dosing will be good. Don't wish that even on you Erika
Then California can fund Planned Parenthood of California. Or PP can stop donating to political campaigns.
Why?  That makes as much sense as making NRA stop donating to political campaigns!
you know
come to think of it
abortion is a good thing

it is liberals that choose to have abortions

that means less liberals

go ahead! lol
As a woman, frankly it's sad to see you not demanding more, a higher standard for women than @PPact, @SenFeinstein.
Having worked at PP as clinician in migrant town, I disagree w/this article.  PP clinics are needed; PP services are high-quality.
Wow that's a lot of abortions. Not something to be proud of.
Do any of you ever do research? Do you know what PP does? Or do just perfunctorily educate yourself by Fox News tweets?
What does PP offer that your Primary Physician or local clinic can't do? Just curious, sex advise for underage ladies? Lol  abortions? 
Planned Parenthood is the single largest _preventer_ of abortion in the United States.
You mean they got abortions.  Planned parenthood does not offer health care!
Planned Parenthood was able to have enough extra money to contribute $750,000 to Ossoff's loss, showing they don't need taxpayers money.
Taxpayers already fund ACA.  Why also fund @PPact who by their own admission do not provide women's health services..only abortions?
3% of PP services are abortion (for which no federal tax dollars are spent).  30% of PP services are contraception: https://www.plannedparenthood.org/uploads/filer_public/18/40/1840b04b-55d3-4c00-959d-11817023ffc8/20170526_annualreport_p02_singles.pdf …
45% of PP services are STI testing & treatment.  Rest cancer screening / prevention & other women's health services.
Do not perpetuate lies.
Prenatal care is included under "other women's health services".  It is a small fraction of PP's services, but it _is_ in there.
#DefundPlannedParenthood
And will you stand behind #MedicareForAll ? Or are you still not there yet? Get there or get primaried. #RetirementPlanning
If calif didn't pay welfare to teens having babies, there would be fewer babies Born to teens as parents would stop it so they don't pay
That's absolutely ridiculous.  Go collect some critical thinking skills.
And no, before people with the IQ of a grapefruit start, they don't JUST do abortions- that's about 2%. Support women's health.
PP refers and pays for mammograms.  There are indeed some PP clinics that offer prenatal care as I worked at one of them.
doesn't change the fact that Dianne Feinstein is one of those creepy uber-wealthy people that take Underwoods, splash L&P on it, and eat it
haha
healthcare
hey Dianne Feinstein loves L&P, the Underwoods, and baby blood transfusions....
the latter doesn't seem to be helping though
@EmMcrib that is why .@physicianwomen call the AHCA the #AmericanDeathCareAct
This what happens when old white men make decisions for all women. They don't care about women's health issues.
Planned parenthood's own web site only lists contraception and abortion, not health care . We should not be paying for this service.
WHY DID PP DONATE $800K TO OSSOFF???!! I WANT ANSWERS!!
#AmericanDeathCareAct the war on women rages on
This is PP's "surgical procedure" to murder babies!
PP sells baby parts.
PP DONATED OVER $750K of US tax $$ to failed #Ossloff campaign!
#BringBackAmerica
Let's pray it doesn't pass Take from the middle class Make them poor and the poor destitute  sick and die not able to out food on table
Sorry,I don't want to fund your donors or the killers of the most innocent!
PP is a disgusting organization.
Planned Parenthood should get none of my tax dollars ever
Maybe they shouldn't be making political campaign contributions with funds meant for "healthcare"
@TinaMorphis PP is vital to US communities. Millions of women throughout the USA get their healthcare thru Planned Parenthood
YES, PP provide basic medical services for so many low income and uninsured patients. #IStandWithPP
#IStandWithPP
Abortion isn't really health care is it?
Not the traditional definition anyway.
@SenPatRoberts @JerryMoran You would HARM 3/4 of a MILLION innocent people due to the LIES, proven LIES about Planned Parenthood. Shame on u
first, how are u going to balance the budget and reduce the national deficit, until u do that, why continue to spend or steal?
To bad. Pay for your own abortions. Why should we pay for something we don't believe in. 
I donate every month. Keep speaking out and up .
Hitler improved German society in innumerable ways oh & he just happened to murder millions of people.  Planned Parenthood = Murder Mill!
Are services covered with the plan cuz ObamaCare did that too? Is this a loyalty to an Establishment? Couldn't they innovate too?
Rally the Dems and stop the ditch Nancy Pelosi show. Jesus we need to focus.  Dems can't get out of their own way.
Is there any way to say how greedy and non-human they have become?
Vital people all ages & gender understand  PP provides care in so many categories of health. We need to get it out. Not just birth control.
Abortion mills that sell  body parts on the side gets NO more taxpayer  money. I hope you're getting this down.
Again why are we sending  tax dollars to a federal government that does not represent us? Let red states take care of own, use CA $ in CA
No tax payer funding
That's a lot of abortions.
If ACA was so great why would Planned Parenthood be needed?
Please continue to support Planned Parenthood.
How many didn't get the healthcare because THEY WERE ASSASSINATED BY ABORTION, AND DISMEMBERED TO SELL THEIR PARTS?
Great ! There are plenty of other clinics that are available for women ! How accurate are your numbers "nearly"... Dianne ??
Thank you Senator! As a California resident, I wholly agree we need to protect @PPFA #IStandWithPP
Thank you, senator!
Thank you. #IStandWithPP
Tell or show the people what kind of healthcare they really got U r too old not to realize that people know the BS u putting out there w-up
How many areAmerican citizens???
A bill that hurts women is an irresistible temptation for Republicans. I think it will pass.
Wonder how many dead babies are you calling health care Senator?
Should have your boy #JonOssoff return the mill or so that Planned Parenthood gave him then. #GoodStart #GA06 #EFFPP
Just think how many #AutomaticBabyButcherers they could buy with that money!!
That implies that 1 in 3 PP "patients" is from CA? CA has plenty of hospitals, doctors, and clinics to handle CA residents needs
PPNM provides awesome women's health teen thru post-menopause care! In over 30 yrs, NEVER heard word abortion in facility. #IStandWithPP
but didn't you guys pass a law requiring everyone have health insurance?  so why is this a problem...maybe i'm in the dark...
Are they not just defunding abortions .... kinda an important fact to leave out
If they have enough of their own money to donate to congressional races they don't need more taxpayer money.
Planned parenthood is not womans health care it is an abortion clinic they don't need to be funded by govt when they donalte millions to DNC
NICE RUSSIAN BOT. NEXT TIME TRY NOT BEING SO OBVIOUS! ...EVERYONE REPORT & BLOCK. DON'T FEED.
Great. Save the children!
Government run healthcare is socialism
George Clooney could contribute a third of his tequila income and more than offset the taxpayer money.
Complete repeal is needed
I don't really care, people need to suffer for voting for a moron
And yet PP had $750k in tax dollars to give to Ossoff. Defund now. There are similar groups that don't waste tax dollars on their pol adgend
My Doc doesn't get funded by the federal gov, Y should PP  & doesn't everyone have O'care now and shouldn't that be paying for care?
BFD
But how many babies saved
Hey, if they can give $ to OSSOFF'S campaign w tax payers $, They should be DEFUNDED ! They obviously don't need it, do they?
What @SenFeinstein is basically saying is that 750,000 Californians TOOK ADVANTAGE OF SOME FREE SHIT.  Repeal Obamacare!!!
Doesn't matter who has been spoken  to:this will kill thousands
Lot less dead babies
Yeah nope. Do you and #GOP have a plan for them after #life (birth)?
That's the least of it! Focus on the 23 millions. This ain't the Bush years. The nuts are running things and ex-Dem Trump will go along.
perhaps if they actually provided h/c instead of abortions you might have a point. #DemocratsLiesMatter #smdh #lie
Thank you for representing.  I'm scared for us.
If they can donate 1M to a political race and pay the CEO over 600k, they don't need our money.
It is ridiculous because even if you are not in favor of abortion, federal dollars are already not allowed to be used for them.
The Fed $ go for other costs freeing up other $ to pay for Abortions.  How is that different than directly funding Abortion?
a resent study showed Planed Parenthood provided little or no healthcare except #abortion. Why do you continue this narrative?
Well- stop them. Mc Connell should resign- he is a traitor & obstructionist.
diane i guess you didn't see the baby parts sale
The GOP claim to want less abortion, but they cut funding to PP who help PREVENT unplanned pregnancies.
SENATOR WE WILL FIGHT THIS ;I KNOW GOD IS ON OUR SIDE!
What is the logic to defund for 1y?? Don't get that.
The taxpayers can no longer afford your handouts 4 votes
But if they 'd just quit killing one segment of their clientele they could get funded, right?
can you explain why lobbyists from Starr Companies a MAJOR donor from health ins were allowed to help draft this bill????
Great part of bill
Have you spoken to Collins and Murkowski bout that?
What are you going to do about it, @SenFeinstein ?! #Resist
