You're jumping to conclusions Feinstein.
Geez.  We expect nothing except criticism from Dems who ran up a 20T $$ debt.  Dems are stupid with economy!
Can't remember way back to 2008?
I remember bk to 1977 & Community Reinvestment Act, subprime mortgages & old Barney Frank standing in Congress saying Repubs didn't want
poor ppl to hv houses; I remember Bush telling Congress abt Freddy/Fanny; I remember phony ratings for bundled morgage paper. And Dems
I remember Bush telling America he'd look into the energy scandal that bankrupted CA. I'm still waiting....
Fine - cut the size of our bloated gov’t so you and the other lousy politicians in DC won’t need as much of our money!
You don't get it...WE DONT CARE who gets richer as long as r income raises. WE R SICK OF YOUR STALEMATES. LIBERALS R HOLDING UP PROGRESS!
Drain the swamp now start with her first and foremost rest of the old farts!!
Just saw a rebuttal to trump tax plan on tv- assume Dems are behind it- need 1000 x more- it's great 
as usual this is a liberal hack would rather give your tax dollars for the riches tax dollars 2002 aren't even citizens for a vote
don't use this ruse...the Dems will never support any tax-cut because it will boost the economy jeopardizing Dem 2018 election chances
Really?  Your state is one of the highest in taxes on the middle class!
With ur net worth of over 40 million ur the one that that it will hurt most some states we can’ deduct anyway
Good.  You'll like Trump's tax reform then!
Stop lying. Every American will have an extra 4 grand in their pockets. That sure could help a lot of single mothers.
Single mothers lose their head of household deduction. They get screwed by this tax plan.
Not true. I urge you to look further into this.
Not 2 worry trump determined 2 have AM white, wealthy & under control. Soon middle-class will B another word 4 POOR.trump allergic 2 poverty
But forcing the $135 billion bill for 14 million illegals onto US taxpayers *is* something you support  
But free healthcare and education...now that’s a feasible task!
Can you explain your position rather than just baseless claims and catchy headlines that don’t have any grounds for debate?
Are you rich or Russian?  Dems fight 4 us unlike Cheeto & his minions.  He's eliminating the estate tax that only affects him & his cronies
How about the farmers that can’t pass the farm to their children? who doesn’t want more money in their bottom line the rich can do whatever
Sadly most children don't want the farms.  It's not about farmers, it's about DJT & his rich friends.  He's in the presidency 2 make money
Most people from the far west are so far left the can care less about the people that feed them you guys just care if you have avocado toast
Yes, even  Stereotype much?  I could say all far right people are morons like DJT but I'm smart enough 2know not everyone is that stupid
JUST stop.  U cant support it cuz its a cut 2 middle class & they supplement ur social programs.. programs they cant access whn in need.
So very true in pa you cant get food stamps if u own a home so if you have a rough patch ur screwed but 100s around me get stamps,cash etc
unemployment is only 4 1 yr.. even though u r trying 2 find work..its ass backwards. Give free $ 2 those who refuse 2 work. & penalize us
OMG what a surprise.
Wrong
Nah she lies while she smiles through her mansion windows
Wrong
Paying for an endless stream of new entitlements isn't something I can support.
These tax cuts are welfare for the 1%. Why should the elderly have cuts to Social Security & Medicare so people like Betsy Devos get more $.
We ought to be phasing out Social Security and Medicare. These are not sustainable systems, they were never designed to be.
The elderly have already paid into the system.  It was a contract with the government.
And they're entitled to getting their money back, but new tax payers ought to be able to opt out.
Sure hasn't hurt you any. How many millions are you worth from screwing us pee ons out of our tax dollers.
I love you.   So glad you are rerunning for Senate. You rock. 
How much in taxes are you willing to pay?
Then please retire! All Senators should have term limits ... You’ve had your chance!
Never!
What do you think @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi @SenFeinstein ?
Please don’t run again! You once were my favorite D...now you are just another do nothing obstructing hack. SAD.
While this is important,  it's time to impeach Trump.
don’t start. Every state can’t be like the socialist republic of California.
We're making America great again —can we bring back the 90% top tax rate?

You are such a liar!
The plan hasn't even been released yet. Read it before you comment.
Actually, the elimination of the deduction for state & local taxes affects only those who itemize, most of whom are upper class people
Not to be rude but the rest of us are simply worried about surviving long enough to pay our taxes at this point.
You don't pay for tax cuts
What is milk now....$6 a gallon?

You have no idea what you're talking about.
Neither would @GDouglasJones in AL & @IronStache in WI. Regardless of where you live, pls help us: donate, follow. It’s THESE United States.
Baloney.  The rich pay state & local taxes too. It affects everyone. Admit it, you won't support anything President proposes.
All lies. Tell the truth.
How about we get rid of taxes and then we can get rid of you,or you can actually serve the people, that means volenteering, no pay
And everything republicans say is bullshit. Doesn't leave us much does it?
You mean rich people like you?
NOT the statement I expect from the fiery Democrat I voted for in my first national election in 1992. Step it up or step down, Dianne.
Your so full of hot air. Oh wait, that’s the fumes from your bull shit.
Just shows you didnt read the bill. This is a middle class tax cut. Those who dont support will pay in 2018 election.
Very good to know. Duh.
Don't diss DiFi. She's one of my heroes!
Then support this plan because doesn’t do that.
thank you!
Good then you can vote for this bill!!!do your job!!
States should bear the cost of their own spending and not pass that off to other states. If your state stinks of taxes - CHANGE IT.
BINGO!!!!!!!!

How about supporting Impeachment? Don't you think it's time?
They have to pass tax "reform" first. Have a lot of grumpy corporate donors to pay back first. Priorities.....
Socialism will further break backs. Stop supporting that as well.
Yawn
You're not part of the middle class. 
Your net worth=$68.5M
Campaign=$34.5M
Total=$103M
Pretty comfy 4 a public servant.
@SoniaKatiMota
So get a plan and get it done right on the HILL?
What are you listening to, you dinosaur? Who can possibly be against tax reform that drops the rate for working people?
@realDonaldTrump Wonderful Tax Plan also cuts $437 BILLION from MEDICARE which will ruin SENIORS/DISABLED
PLEASE REJECT THIS BOGUS TAX PLAN!
Estate taxes only paid on estates over 5 million, middle class ? I think not.
How about supporting the ban on Professional athletes and teams receiving any tax payers money. Especially since they have no respect .
How about learning about the constitution? They're Exercising their constitutional rights. If they were just wearing AK-47s it'd be ok?
Joint filing, will gain $12,000 in standard deduction, but loses more in itemized deductions. For middle class most will pay more.
That is false
Thank you!
how many jobs does a poor person give?
Look at it like this Dianne old girl, the loss of that deduction will reduce the amount of money that Californian Politicians can waste?
And when Dianne old girl, did you ever support a tax cut?
Fake news
Oh No, so you'll let the middle class keep paying as it is right now instead of reform...  cause all your rich fat cats keep their $$$
Updated the #Democrat Playbook from #backsofthepoor to #BacksofMiddleClass
Hmm you sure are enjoying wealth. Off the backs of tax payers. At least Weinstein has a movie portfolio. You produce zero. Government teat
Same old tired Dem talking points
@senrobportman THIS!
Thank you.
Oh shut it
@BreitbartNews @FoxNews 
Time 4 Feinstein 2 pack it up,Ck out of th Swamp,Return 2CA & help out @ Sr.Centers. AmerPpl tired of old SenDF
And wrong.
Wrong.
You are wrong.  CA, NY and other middle class families who lose their ability to itemize state taxes will pay more. I will pay 8k more/year.
Wrong.
Please retire.
No but forcing all to pay for ACA on our backs you have no problem with TERM LIMITS
We should help support people unable to work.  Everyone else should find a job.  Only way to make tax system fair for all
So you want fewer jobs and tax away anyone who makes a decent living so we can pay for programs that incintivise not working
Heinestein don’t think you can read
Well, then WHY are U ok with having a GREAT healthcare plan & the rest of us working ppl can't afford ours? These tax cuts help us ALL!
You're either a real-person idiot or a bot, Shella. Which is it?
#TrumpTaxScam
Had 25 years to work on this Diane. What have you & Congress been up to? Making money. Your net worth $70 million average Congress $1 mill
Kakistocracy is in charge.
Fight back


Democrats must push back...Very
Hard on this Nazi regime in The White House.
Lady if you think our president is a nazi you should move to north korea or live in cali
Senator, don't worry. No one expected you to support anything that is for the people. What have you done for Daca that you champion?
Only thing you support is illegals
It's been like that since the beginning
Singling any group or any person out for Less opportunity is unfair unjust and on American you need to quit judging people
Why are you lying?
She's not lying. Stop believing all of Trump's lies and use some critical thinking skills.
It doesnt take critical thinking to know shes lying u do some critical thinkin and figure it out because Pelosi is using her regular scare
Too many deductions flat tax fair for everyone. Get rid of the IRS.
Thats coming!!
You fail to mention that since the middle class will be taxed less overall, they wont need as many deductions. Theyll bring home more weekly
BINGO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@TheDemocrats sound like a broken record! Attacking r President who's actually doing things unlike Congress who just wants 2 divide America!
STOP your lying! The “ Rich” also will lose that deduction. Tell Moonbeam to lower STATE taxes!
Really? When you voted to make the Bush Tax Cuts permanent in 2012?

https://www.senate.gov/legislative/LIS/roll_call_lists/roll_call_vote_cfm.cfm?congress=112&session=2&vote=00184 …
See what i get in kansas


I'll be watching as you go through this debate.I'm hoping we have some televised town halls to explain it.More people need to hear the truth
In the world of ZIRP, QE, & DEFICITS, tax cuts are of little consequence, because totalitarian DC will always rob more and more VALUE.
I think trump is doing just fine.. I trust him more than the establishment, that's for sure!!
Thank you, thank you, Senator! Keep going!!!
Just because you give corporations and wealthy individuals tax breaks does not mean they will create tons of jobs.
Exactly. Taxes on many middle class families would raise $1000 or more while the wealthiest of Americans would get huge tax breaks.
Thats bs!!
No. Yet you support paying for bottom feeders & illegals on the backs of The Middle class? No one is buying your crap.
Can we please start working on child health plus? Please?
Yeah get a job and take care of your kids i did it for 3 children.
You won't support one thing from GOP. Not one thing. Sad.
DIANNE YOU PROVE TO BE A DISRUPTIVE DELUXE: You don't care about Americans! You haven't faith in Americans all you care about wrong agendas!
Will you ever tell the truth
I see! I could agree on! Hugs!
Liar
Your almost out Feinstein your 84 please retire already.
@realDonaldTrump
Just say it. You can't support any tax cut, because at least you realize you need taxes to support all your liberal welfare programs.
DIANE, YOU ARE A LIAR
The system breaks our backs not yours, you have way too many tax breaks under this system. WHY WOULD YOU EVER WANT A CODE TO SERVE US?
DECODE FEINSTEIN
"Time for you to leave." Master Kan
Dang, are you ever gonna give the middle class a break?
DIANE FEINSTEIN: WILL NOT SUPPORT TAX CUTS FOR WORKING AMERICANS & WHAT'S LEFT OF THE MIDDLE CLASS : FAKE SENATOR
The correct way to pay for tax shortfalls and cuts is to STOP SPENDING!!
Thats true too
Democrats want to keep Americans poor.
Exactly... why... so the ppl are dependent on govt and they can control you... scary!!
Thank you. Hope you are faring well in DC. POTUS is a menace to our Republic, hope Rep leaders acknowledge it soon & act via 25th or impeach
It's also not something that the guy who got elected promising to help "The Forgotten Man" should even consider.
Full tax plan not released. Democrats fight it with claims of how it works. #passedACAwithoutreadingit #opposethiswithoutreadingit
Really?? How much in taxes do you pay?? How much is your house worth again?? Where does your husband buy his firearms?
#hypocrite
But you COULD support higher taxes on the people, which is what the democrats position is. Raise taxes. Thanks but I’ll pass.
States that don't have State income tax it's no problem but screwed up States like #California.. Big problem for you!
The reason we want the state and local tax removal is so that you vote buyers on the left with your fucked up states stop making us pay
Of course @realDonaldTrump @POTUS loves this.  It is all about him and oh if it helps his corrupt friends that is good also—narcissistic?
It's a tax CUT for ALL American's.  Please stop lying too the American People  Accountant here
If Trump could cure cancer you would not support it, people are sick of the partisan politics
Thank you for being a voice for us.  We can't make ends meet as it is.
Inter the Presidents tax plan every American will get an extra 4 thousand dollars per year. More than we get now don’t ya think?
Thrilled you are running again. Keep fighting for our democracy #nullify2016
Do you even have a plan besides raising taxes
Thank you for standing up for us!
Except she voted to make the Bush Tax Cuts permanent in 2012

https://www.senate.gov/legislative/LIS/roll_call_lists/roll_call_vote_cfm.cfm?congress=112&session=2&vote=00184 …
You're worried about losing that deduction for State and local taxes in California. Too bad!
Thank goodness!
Please lady be quiet you are the grand example of WHY we need TERM LIMITS
Thank you. I hope others can see through their rose colored glasses.
I just look at the past... what has she done for us in California so far?
The troll is strong in this one. Must block.
And yet you act surprised...the rich will always take care of the rich
These are the same people who don't understand how our economy works
