What valid reasons can you give for not supporting this high quality Judge? America deserves better from career politicians like you
Shout-out to all the confused people who wave the moral compass flag. Take a close look at why corporations  #Gorsuch!
Because he follows the law?
Thank you, Senator.  We need a Justice that will help to overturn Citizen's United. #CorporationsAreNotPeople
No president has the ability to fill an open Supreme Court seat without the CONSENT of the Senate... No means no, Senator Feinstein!
Hey hypocrite. I just saw an old clip from face the nation where you said a filibuster for SCOTUS is wrong?? It's all politics
You're not qualified to shine Gorsuch's shoes. You lost the Garland battle, get over it. As BHO says, elections have consequences. #whiner
Already happened right? Forget about Merrick Garland?
Thank you Senator. Not only is this a stolen seat but Gorsuch isn't qualified because, while he might have a brain, he has no heart or soul.
Bravo! "@SenFeinstein: I cannot support the nomination of Judge Gorsuch for Supreme Court. Watch  remarks: https://youtu.be/HqodjGSq6Ew  #SCOTUS"
Hypocritical Deplorable Dems how soon u forget! Sen Obama tried to filibuster Alito, you passed the Biden Rule & used Reid's Nuclear Option!
Sheesh i thought that was dracula in video not you please retire youve had your time . be fair
As a constituent (and woman) I thank you for standing strong! #NoGorsuch
THANK YOU, Senator Feinstein!!
Thank you for standing against Gorsuch. He is too radical for #SCOTUS and will do immense harm if appointed.
Thank you!! I agree. He doesn't know who funds his donations? C'mon.
HilLIARy takes money from Russia and democrats ignore that
Well, the puppet colluded with Russia to win the election. He fed you full of fake news.
Actually there has been NO evidence of collusion. Keep dreaming or try working a real job.
You evil woman, you teach people to walk contrary to that which God has ordained, you give hearty approval to the shedding of innocent blood
thank you for voting no on Gorsuch
Thanks Sen Feinstein for demanding Gorsuch meet the 60-vote threshold
Thank you!
These are challenging times. Thank you for firm, principled actions and responses.
Thank you, @SenFeinstein. Gorsuch did not even deserve a hearing after what GOP did to Garland, chosen by a LEGIT President. #TrumpRussia
Thanx for standing firm no/Gorsuch.His devotion to liberty for Big Corp/Money/above all in Constitution will destroy egalitarian democracy
Trump would nominate no-one better. Garland aside, as lifelong Democrat, I'm tired of partisan rankling. What good does it do the country?
You're playing politics and it is disgusting. Gorsuch is a main stream moderate and perfect for the SCOTUS. Special place in hell for you.
Hmmm, back in 2006, you didn't support a filibuster because you might disagree with nominee. What changed? http://www.mrctv.org/blog/feinstein-2006-it-s-wrong-filibuster-because-you-might-disagree-nominee … #2faced
Thank you!!!
Can you elaborate on your position? It seems like your personal agenda has taken priority over the will of those you represent. #MAGA
but you support a nuclear option. #Dems fake concern will hurt in the long run
-
If GOP thinks we should use majority rule for judges, then also apply that to presidential race.  Eliminate Electorial College.
Dianne, you do know, that you and your colleagues on the left have lost your moral compass...
Stupid Republicans are finally going to dramatically increase CA senator voting power by going nuclear.  Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!
Please, "NO" to Gorsuch-not the judge for our future; listened, watched hearings-no go on more Good Ol' Boys w/spittoons. We know they lie.
Translation:  He will uphold the Constitution, not my progressive agenda.
Boo, boo, boo! There nothing wrong with Gorsuch. You are playing politics at the cost of Americans! Disgusting! Can't wait until you're out!
#FilibusterGorsuch
Thank you.
You don't have to. thanks to Reid, Gorsuch will be on the bench soon and that bias senile Ginsburg gone too. #ImpeachGinsburg Taped Bias
Thank you so very much for your stance on Grouch's nomination. Much appreciation from Wisconsin!
(And while I giggle at Autocorrect, I did type his name correctly 3 different times without success. My laptop must not like him either.)
Are you in lame duck mode, because not supporting the filibuster is tantamount to opening your senate seat in your next election. #resist
Thank you!
Confirm @JudgeGorsuch. Your reason not to confirm is baseless. America needs an honorable judge.#SupremeCourt
Well done!!!!
Thank you for NO on Gorush nom. his free press rulings but his broad-based enduring denial of personal autonomy is untenable.
Gorsuch is the most qualified judge for the position. Your statements against him are baseless and ignorant. Try reality for a change.
Thank you Senator Feinstein!
Please @SenDonnelly our country needs you. My zip is 46204. I'm asking you to reconsider
Thank you senator! I support your decision.
Thank you Senator!  Been waiting for you to make this stand.

Thank you.  Gorsuch is wrong for SCOTUS.
@JudiciaryDems I want you to start doing something and nominate Neal Gorsuch to the Supreme Court.
Why are all Dems not anti?
Thank you
You can't support anything that is decent.
Thank you, Senator. As a woman, his spending the rest of my life on the bench there would be a personal tragedy.
Compelling remarks they are. Hard to know if your colleagues are capable of hearing. (Please run in 2018! My gratitude for decades 94117)
Respectfully, I saw your remarks & thought they were disingenuous & disgraceful.
Dems are within rights to withhold consent for a conservative originalist.But simply call it that & put an end to disgraceful smear tactics.
To pretend that this judge is ill suited for the SCOTUS role just further undermines amy claim you might have to credibility.
I watched your remarks and it is excellent....thank you
U can't simply bc U've been targeted not by RUSSIA but by CIA. They have goods on U. U have been undermined. U R no longer an American! #DTS
thank you! Well deserved
Very disappointed.But you don't care your a career politician in it for yourself not the people.
You cry babies are just mad he wouldn't let you trap and trick him. YOU DEMS ARE THE ONE HURTING THIS COUNTRY!  TRAITORS!
Thank you!!!!!
Thank you 
Thank You!
The democrats asked inane questions trying to catch Gorsuch into saying inappropriate answers. Time to do grownup act, nominate him.
thank you Senator Feinstein!!! 
Thank goodness!!! How could anybody?
Oh Dianne Didn't U tell CBS Face The Nation back in 2006 that U can't fillabuster a SCOUTS nominee just because U disagree with him or her ?
If he had been nominated by a DEM President you'd be talking about how great he is, just political grandstanding #TermLimits are needed now
Thank you!!!!
Thank you Senator, for not supporting Russia's pick for the Supreme Court
Now we have " Dark Money" . The Senate JC ought to stop watching NatGeo
THANK YOU SENATOR FEINSTEIN!
You killed scalia to get your judge on the seat
thank you for your service, Senator.  
On the subject of your vote not to confirm. You opened that box so exactly what dark money.
Thank you!
The only reason you're against him is because you can't stand Trump just say the truth if it's possible
Please make it totally clear that an illegitimate "prez" does not get to appoint anyone until we know if he is treasonous!  #noGorsuch
#thankyousenator
@chrislhayes watch Feinstein's remarks
I Agree!
Flashback: When Feinstein Said You Can't Filibuster A SCOTUS Nominee Just Because You Disagree With Him!
Thank you for doing the right thing and not supporting Grouch!
You need to be replaced as senator in California! Good riddance!!
Thank you Dianne !
Block Gorsuch
So proud of your stand Senator! Thanks for supporting your constituents views!
Thank Harry Reid. #JudgeGorsuch #SupremeCourt gorsuch
There is no reason whatsoever except your continued obstructionism.  This is exactly why congress is held in such contempt.
We don't want your support. Please retire
Thank you Senator Feinstein for standing up to protect all Americans & setting the record straight-I'm proud 2 call u my Senator #NoGorsuch
YES! Thank you for standing with Democracy, women's rights and the people of California. This man has no business in our Supreme Court!
You lost my vote for not voting for judge Gorsuch
Your choice today was horrible period I watched your questions to him and I have no understanding why you voted against him. Just awful.
Thank you!
Thank you!
Because you are a hypocrite and an ancient has-been. Please just go somewhere and finish the rotting process.
While saying all politics is local, before social media that may be true. Dems are destroying their chance to recover gov, state legis
Thank you, Senator! California is grateful for your leadership. #SCOTUS
Thank you, Senator.
Are Maxine Waters and Nancy Pelosi your sisters? I say that because I believe the 3 of you share one small brain!!
Please retire.. hundreds of Dems lost last election and you still don't get it.. we are sick of your politics of obstruction
Come on Friday!
This proves you will even be a Liar if Schumer tells you to because Gorsuch without Question belongs  on the Supreme Court
This makes me sick. Paybacks are not what we voted you to do. Pathetic behavior. Gorsuch is an excellent choice. No vote 4 u Feinstein.
i guess no get well cards for you anytime soon
Not sure what get well has to do with the filibuster link.  was hoping dems would do right thing - I don't want nuclear option.
Old, washed up California Communist.
Guess what? You are the losers we are the winners ,we get the pic elections have consequences.
We are going to nuke two more through. LOL
Thank you Senator Feinstein. #resist #MerrickGarland #StolenSeat
Sure
Thank you Senator Feinstein, for all you do for our great state and country.
Thank you
maybe if you wouldn't mention Garland's name we might take your no vote as a real idea. Just proves it is a way to get back at rep.
who cares he will be the next justice on Supreme Court
Thank you, Senator Feinstein, for expressing your opposition to the nomination of Neil Gorsuch and your support for a Senate filibuster.
Thank u!! Please stop this! A potus under investigation 4 poss collusion w/ a foreign enemy should not b able to nominate a SCOTUS judge!
You can support nothing Republican, you're an embarrassment.
, loser !!!! Nuclear option trader !
Please retire for the sake of CA. 83 and running for a 6 year term. Dear God.
Thank you!
Thanks for standing up for Californians who voted overwhelmingly for Obama in 2012 and Hillary Clinton in 2016.
THANK YOU SENATOR!
Not confirming Gorsuch; because Garland wasn't confirmed? Who then?
Thank you!
Dont filibuster! Tell Sen. Grassley 8 Dem. Sen. will vote yes, then they have 60 votes to advance gorsuch then take the vote to floor!
In 2006 you said of Alito that you can't filibuster a SCOTUS nominee just because you disagree with him.What moral turpitude do you see here
Hey. Ladie! Mayb you should Retire!
Why don't you stop your B**L S**T..and simply tell the rtruth...I won't vote for him BECAUSE he was picked by a Republican POTUS! Be honest!
Thank you!
Thanks! In solidarity from Shelton, WA.
Thank you.   I no longer live in California,  but I will support you any way I can, including $.

Flashback: When Feinstein Said You Can't Filibuster SCOTUS Nominee Just Because You Disagree With Him 
OH PINOCCHIO!
https://townhall.com/tipsheet/mattvespa/2017/04/03/flashback-when-feinstein-said-you-cant-filibuster-a-scotus-nominee-just-because-you-disagree-with-him-n2307942 …
Can you support giving your husband billion dollar contracts from the federal government? You're crooked.
Thank you!
We the people are with you, they have stolen our qualified pick, 2 years and the chart will be blue, don't get tired pace yourself, say no
Yes we know you've said it a thousand times get over it and move on
Thank you! Proud you are my Senator 
Your reasons are as superficial as your use of the made up word "dark money".
Thats OK MADAM Feinstein ...WE DONT NEED YOUR STINKIN VOTE Signed Mr & Mrs AMERICA
Thank you!
Way to go! Filibuster Gorsuch! Represent your constituents and do your job! #filibusterGorsuch #DoYourJob #NoGorsuch
Thank you
Excellent choice.
You're bad for Americans and we will make sure that you are not re-elected in 2018!
Thank you, Senator! I can't understand how ANY decisions by this WH can be supported while it's under federal investigation!?
