forgetting obama adm oked. previous regs
Agreed
We appreciate your stand Senator, but BS's are only a symptom of a deeper rooted problem. Please fight for stronger gun control in every way
Gun control isn’t about guns. It’s about people control.

Cars kill, insurance is mandatory. Guns kill, insurance should be mandatory. Let insurance decide quantity limits and costs to cover risks
Driving is a privilege.  Ability to own a gun is a right
Try second Amendment. The right to keep and bear arms shall,not be infringed,
You are correct it could mean bow and arrows, knives, swords, though guns were primary arms of the time.
FACT: We have laws in place! THO SHALT NOT KILL! Hows that working for us America?
Check out Japan and Australia and you will see the amazing results of serious gun controls.
CHECK THIS OUT AND GET BACK TO ME: OK? https://twitter.com/ThePatriot143/status/917050970063777792 …
What does this have to do with gun control results in Japan and Australia?
I'M AMERICAN: I've learned that laws concerning tools isn't protection against criminals or evil! Tho shalt not kill, is universal Abortion?
FACT: America has had guns since it’s inception. FACT: assault weapons existed 100’s of years before our constitution was written.
We ought to ban you
It's a lot harder for a rogue government to load you up on a cattle car if you have your automatic weapons.

5 dead, 29 hurt in weekend violence that puts Chicago past 500th fatal shooting. Is anyone going to #TakeAKnee for them? 
FACT: we have a culture problem that creates mass shooters not a gun control problem.
Gotta fix this first.
fACT: California is off the rails.  Secede.
AMEN!!!
FACT: the majority (65%) of gun deaths in the USA is from suicide. 17% are from gangs. You can’t fix a culture problem through legislation!

Name another crime where bump stocks were used?
It’s a crime for me not to have one.
Ok you got me

Wow, stupid stupid statememt
Sounds like a job for the master legislator that lives on planet pelosi.Treason is legislated crime but how come that didnt stop clintons?
Same reason it doesn't stop Trump! There are rules and laws for the masses not the elite.
FACT: The Constitution says SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED! There's already 20,000 pieces of "legislation" on the book that illegally infringe!
Torture your people in California however you want, but the rest of us WILL NOT COMPLY! You have no authority over the People!
Well, do something.  No, just talk about like you always do.

More like 100%
Why 1 guy goes nuts and the rest of the world needs to pay? No we are not stupid and we are tired of your attack on America!.
We should ban heroine too. That stuff is killing too many people. Make a law about that.
That's right NO GUN GRABBING LIBERAL CAN MAKE A NEW LAW AGAINST IT EITHER, HA 2nd Amendment rules NO NEW GUN LAWS@nanernanernaner
where were you when the obama admin approved them?
hypocrite.
FACT: the 1st amendment's last defense against tyranny is We The People's Militia & the 2nd amendment!!!
Actually it has been reinterpreted several times. Only you don't know that because you only want the interpretation that suits you.
How about a ban on Liberals? #MAGA
Ban them, criminals will still get them if they want them.

Bans only affect law abiding citizens.

Look at Chicago. Guns are banned there.
Banning bunp stocks will do as much good as a screen door in a submarine!  Its a total cop-out banning this salves your own conscience!
Look how great legislation on illegal immigration has worked out. So psyched to see you guys stop gun crimes with laws criminals don't obey.
People are dying on unsafe highways too. Prioritize this please.
Annnnd...don't you have a job, writing laws? Great proclamation,  you need to do your job. FACT.  You might consider retirement.  Failure.
You're 84yr old- u don't have enough $ yet? Give Cali a break, retire already. Ur obvsly incapable of coherent thinking
legislation works so well for criminals, doesn't it? Ask drug dealers and Chicago.
Ask Japan and Australia how gun control works. You can't argue with their results.
U mean how u snuck Regulation 118 by supporters Do they know? u not 4 We the ppl http://sonorannews.com/2017/06/27/house-resolution-257-senate-resolution-118-criminalize-freedom-speech/ … U R EVIL https://twitter.com/rejialex7/status/897817404377632769 …
Not taking guns Diane . We need gun protection from govt tyrants like u
Community org stirred his hate,violence for 8 yrs Murder is against law. Doesn't stop Chicago Now using Vegas #alinskyrule
Why did obama approve it in the first place
Ooh, ooh let’s ban murder!  Problem solved right?  Oh wait....
Oh sorry, didn’t see who the OP was. Just wasting my breath explaining anything to you.
As usual Feinstein is lying.  Bump Stocks were approved by the Obama ATF and can be restricted by Trump or Congress.
Since IMMIGRATION laws don't matter, I guess whatever laws you pass on GUN CONTROL don't matter either...
No one gives a shit about banning bump stocks. They'd be grandfathered and everyone and their mother would have by the time you fools moved
Selective memory, Dianne?  2nd Amendment didn't forbid bump stocks, did it?  Quite the opposite, it said "SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED". Clear?
You're fat and are likely to die from it, should we ban spoons so you can't eat dessert?
Obama did not ok bump stocks. The ATF could not regulate them. Not the same thing. Weinstein is a pig.  Trump is a pig too.
Amen
Duck she is armed with a military style high power assault rifle
Who okay'd bump stocks to begin with?

PLEASE Make this go viral. 
The most articulate gun speech I've ever heard.
Everyone needs to hear this.

…
No he didn't. Read up on this.
You've been suprisingly lucid lately, then you make a crazy tweet.

Read slowly: I will NEVER turn in my #bumpstocks... they're too much fun
Collective punishment is wrong. What did I do?
Then LEGISLATE! Don’t blame NRA. YOU’RE IN CONGRESS, it’s YOUR job to make laws. Why don’t you do it? Stop blaming GOP and NRA!
Where CAN I get a bump stock for target shooting Mrs Fienstein ?
I have numerous guns but never heard of a bump stock until this dude in Vegas shot up people, very horrific !! I want to try out a bumper!!
#FACT term limits are needed to protect America from the likes of you.
You can't legislate evil out of humanity. There's a deeper story behind Patterson.
FACT: how about if we introduce legislation to ban CARS, TRUCKS, KNIVES since they are used to murder people.  Don't be stupid Dianne.
Fact: How about legislation to build more Mental Health Facilities.  Banning Bump Stocks will do NOTHING to stop murders.
I'm as pro gun as the next person, but why shouldn't we ban bump stocks, especially after public enlightenment, might give sickos a bad idea
How about you put legislation forward for high crimes in liberal cities. Strictest gun law=higher crime rate. Fact!
You can't legislate your way to safety.  #TakeANap
And BTW, #bho had no problem regulating anything Congress should have legislated.
the Obama Administration approved them in 2010 look it up
The ATF could not regulate them in 2010 do that is not the  same as approving them. Look it up.
FACT: Shall Not Be Infringed means what it says!
COME AND TAKE IT!

Fact:legislation is needed to implement term limits
Baby, I’ve been to the legislative nightmare that is California. Just stop and retire.
Wow honesty from you go figure
Nah, let’s keep them!
Get out of Presidents Way!!
No
Legislation is needed to un-restrict gun ownership
Your boy Barack Hussein O approved them in 2010. Were they different then?
You had 30 years in the senate to do this. Step aside
Law abiding obey laws. Murder is against the law. Yet criminals keep finding ways to do it. Focus on root issue not objects.
Dangerous things are routinely regulated. You can't argue with the results of Japan and Australia.
Who approved bump stock?
.@BarackObama admin approved.  Need to be outlawed. @CNN @FoxNews
I wonder why they thought it was a good idea. What purpose does it serve?
What has killed more, bum stocks or illegal immigrants??
Following by banning Hollywood movies that depict automatic weapons, shootings, terrorism and murder.
Fact: the constitution and the second amendment is to protect us from people like you. It can't be done with regulation.

Fact: More guns = less gun violence
7 wars going US is N Congress making deals with whomever 2 line their own pockets  & U want 2 put more hard working people out of work
Thank you for always fighting for us. Your awesome.
How did you guys let Obama and his bunch of idiots get them approved? Everything seemed OK when O ran the place. Hypocritical bunch you are
Guess what, Senator. Can't stop criminals with Legislation. The Drug trade should prove that. The Las Vegas tragedy was caused by EVIL MEN.
You can’t explain logic and reason to a stubborn idiot. They know what they are doing.
True, So true. Do you think they really realize It? I think that it is an affliction that blinds them to the truth. Their poo doesn't stink.
Agree w u. But also believe toning down rhetoric by our politicians is needed. Uncivil discourse is causing many to b unhinged
Democrats refuse to accept the outcome of the election.
Legislation also needs to be passed to limit congressional terms......any words about that?
Why wouldn't you introduce legislation to ban ALL methods to turn a gun into an automatic weapon? Banning bump stocks is a token gesture
Legislation is needed to end parental Alienation.
There are Already plenty of Laws concerning firearms.
You libs act like legislation will rid the world of the root problem. Locks only keep the good guys honest. If there’s a will there’s a way.
That was the plan all along: Okay bump stocks, then get some guy to use them in a mass murder so you could swoop in and start legislating.
Please free your twitter slave ghostwriter. This is annoying, as legislation will pass on this issue.
Obama administration approved them.
Not true. Check out why the ATF could not regulate them. Not the same as approving them.
FACT: THE NRA REQUIRES NO GOVERNMENT HANDOUTS! PLANNED PARENTHOOD DOES: TAX DOLLARS AT WORK TAKING INNOCENT HUMAN LIFE: BLOOD ON ALL OF US!
All I can think about is if we didn't have a president Obama all those people in Las Vegas would still be alive.
Senator, this gop-controlled Congress & last is impotent v NRA. Facts.
Expert on nothing says it all. The defition of a liberal.
I think there should be a law to outlaw the words "bump stock". Think about this, might be a little deep for you but try anyway. Thank you
Killing is banned right? Did that stop him? I didn’t think so. Your laws only affect law abiders lady.
Good point.
You plan to ban something that can be made in the garage? If it'll make you feel better....
FACT: NRA wants you to focus on bump stocks. Don't play their game.
Legislation is needed to keep politicians from passing laws based on emotions of the moment. What a freaking losing Party the Democrats are
Stop talking about it and get it done... Dianne !
Fact, legislation is needed to provide reliable water supplies for Californians - you’ve had 30 years - try working on it.
But you aren't part of us now so no more fed $ for you!
Thanks, but don't stop. Ban semi-automatics and limit # of guns a person can own. That would have at least cut the number of casualties.
Gun control legislation way more than just bump sticks is needed
You have got to be one of the biggest hypocrites in politics, right after Hillary.
It could have been done in 2010 when your party had majorities. But instead you wasted billions and destroyed healthcare. Thanks a lot
Sales are already though the roof. I never had any intention of buying one, but because of you I'm thinking of it.
@SenFeinstein of SF,California, this morning @MeetThePress , @FaceTheNation, My tweets echoed now please. Thank YOU!
So, our federal agencies are of no use??
should ban all violent media with assault weapons including the video games our youth are zoned out on  time for a new approach
God is something else Feinstein and the Democrats would like to ban, shame on them!
Please don't hide behind our military. We fought for their right to #TakeAKneeNFL No Kaepernick; No NFL! @VP should ID the WHY and blackball
is this the best you can do?  Very disappointing!
Please, spare us the drama. Democrats show every day that the enforcement of laws is something we do or don't do on a whim. You want legislation so that you have something to campaign on.
Let’s see this is the only incident using a bump stock, so let’s rush to judgment, just like a Democrat, Obama thought there was no problem with the bump stock. Guns are not the problem! Lack of God is the problem!
The way the ATF auto weapons laws are currently written, it cannot regulate certain types of bump stocks.
Publish the damn text to the bill. A mere title is not enough.
THANK YOU!
As one of your constituents (and neighbours!) I beseech you to drop everything but an effort to #ImpeachTrumpNow #25thAmendmentNow
Wayne LaPierre has defended MASSACRES 4 YEARS. NRA wants Home Defense & Hunting 2 include SEMI-AUTOMATIC & FULL AUTOMATIC CAPCITY. FUCK THIS
Sen. Feinstein THIS ONE ISSUE IS worth it to entirely shut down Congress. It truly truly is WORTH IT.
FACT: That won't solve a damn thing.
As you have said, the law is currently not adequate for the ATF to intervene. The legislators must be specific when writing new laws.

We need to ban semi-auto firearms.
You realize that's almost all of them, right? That simply will not happen.
I know it almost all guns. I know it won't happen. Still needs to be the baseline goal.
So the goal should be to disarm 323,000,000+ honest law abiding citizens who are doing no harm, because of a few monsters?
To stop this? Yes.
2013, there were 73,505 nonfatal firearm injuries, and 33,636 deaths due to "injury by firearms".
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gun_violence_in_the_United_States …
That's incredibly short sighted. You don't legislate for millions based on the acts of the super minority.Your stats are mostly suicides too
100,000+ people shot and injured a year. 30,000+ killed a year. I have to take off my shoes at an airport because 0 were killed. Yes ban em.
And what about the millions of defensive uses every year?
Can you believe in the most powerful nation in the world we have no ability to protect our own? How weak we are. How sick we are. Christian?
Yep, and we let people sleep on the streets. We're very weak.
SENATOR DO WHAT IS NECESSARY COME UP WITH A GOOD BILL! REMEMBER THEY WILL TRY TO CURTAIL REGULATION !SO GET EVERY POSSIBLE ANGLE!
Fact You are against personal ownership of firearms.
#2ndAmendment
#RecallSenFeinstein
#ColdDeadHands
#MonoAbbe
@GOP never gonna give, We All Agree, Dems need to focus on taking over Congress!!! And the White House! Then we can get Legislation!! Focus
saw you on face the nation or meet the press, forgot which one have one thing to say---LIAR!!!!!!
Good point. Way to back it with facts and data.
This was one indecent and "Bump-Stocks" have been around for a long time. We need to get past introducing legislation every time. Kneejerk!
Ma'am Session needs to be banned! The Trump children need to be banned!   A stock on a rifle please.
Please explain your precident for such an ignorant statement. Take as long as U need.

FACT: Some level of gun control is good policy but is a SIDE ISSUE. Fight the MAIN ISSUE, which is the hard right takeover and "tax reform."
We support you.  Please make this happen.

The GOP has turned the keys of our country over to Russia & dark fringe elements. Please tell me that someone in power cares about this!
