Calls by President Trump and Senate Republicans to split the Ninth Circuit are a political response to decisions they don’t like.

I'M A $30,000 PAST DONER;  CONSTITUENT; & OUTRAGED THAT YOUR NOT SPEAKING OUT ABOUT ANTIFA OR RESPONDING TO EMAIL 

https://twitter.com/AtomasVictory/status/878641995681378306 …
Split the Ninth to strengthen racists like Arpaio in Arizona?
Without the race card u would cease 2 exist.
You’re a new one on me. What do you call yourself an apocalyptic white supremacist?
Squawk!
Prolly wanna a cracker? 
Get some mew material shemp. 
Without the race card u would cease 2 exist.
Can you spell
p-a-r-a-n-o-i-d?
How about
b-l-o-c-k-e-d?
They are such a bunch of bigots they should be split and they will be
You routinely waste tax payer dollars. And the Ninth Circuit is a waste of time & money with the majority of their rulings overturned.
Has to be done. These judges are a joke. What kind of law are they applying. Activist judges has to stop.
Incorrect! Splitting the 9th circuit is exactly what needs to happen! 9th circuit is as corrupt as you are @SenFeinstein
Your right screw any court that doesn't follow your approved agenda even if it mean defying the constitution and all that we stand for
Your reply is neither wanted or accepted go troll your ass else where
America are for those who believe in American values, if you don't believe in them you should move somewhere else
I have more American values then you have In your little finger don't ever come at me with this bs again If your not with trump ur not 4 usa
Sorry it's upsetting you to be called out on your support for a child molesting, woman groping pervert. Those is not an American values
Child molester? You need to check your fact honey.... you must really hate bill Clinton Then
121 Haight Street
Break it up. These judges r not judges, they're liberal activists.
Abolish them completely would be better. Bunch of flakes.
We conservatives do not have anything in common with the 9th circuit, no representation in Nor-Cal.
One more reason for a 
#StateofJefferson
Senator does it matter conservatives are bullied and have no voice in CA?
No Catholics allowed
You don't care about wasting taxpayer dollars and don't throw it out there once in a while when it behooves you! You are wasting so much $$
Im willing to waste my tax dollars for justice!! 
That would be awesome, the 9th circuit is a joke and is highly political.its should follow the law and that's it.
Nope it is very necessary
Your salary is...

A Waste of Taxpayer Dollars
Are you serious? They are overturned on 
roughly 80% of their decisions. It's a kangaroo court that ONLY reps the Alt-left! #disbandthe9th
U have a lot of nerve talking about wasting taxpayer money.  that's all the Dems have done since Pres Trump took office.  I call bullshit!
Dems have got 2 stop ting up courts w/ frivolous lawsuits against Pres Trump.    Dianne has filed 400 herself.  This is the swamp, vote out!
Actually it's very,  very necessary!
@wjcoop Eliminate the 9th Circuit. They are a bunch of left wing clowns that make decisions based on ideology instead of rule of law.
Waste taxpayer dollars- like with a House and Senate that gets paid to do nada?
Are you paying for that street you drive on yet, or are you going to pass a law stealing the property from the legal owners-buyers?
@SenFeinstein Splitting the Ninth Circuit is essential for keeping the Constitution in tact and protecting our citizens from liberal judges!
Thanks for the Sanctimonious concern about Tax$

Where'd that 20$Trillion go WHILE YOU WERE SERVING?!?
Although ethically deficient,  republicans know how to WIN, it's time Democratic officials find some grit of their own.
How ? How much is a piece of paper
Agreed. We should just wait for the SJW kingdom of North Korea to nuke it. That would be cheap AND ironic. Commie-on-Commie crime.
Only because they're in your court they're a bunch of liberals
Really Dianne. Very weak argument It cost money. When you want to tax people for healthcare Or when  you want you to expand a social program
The justices of the 9th are biased and anti constitution. They need to go!
The ninth circuit has brought this on themselves.
Nah. They are over burdened. Makes perfect sense to split up. What r u afraid of Dianne?
the 9th circuit is like the democrats useless and out of touch with the real world and the us constitution
Fake.  We must!!!
The ninth is the most liberal, most unbalanced, and the most overturned court in the land. Someone needs to reign them in.
They do not follow the constitution make up as they go
It represents a disproportionate amount of people.
It's about time, if this is really being talked about.
It's because of the sheer size of the district and it's blatantly left stance. You and ur husband go do some more back door deals...
Being racist, transphobic, sexist is also unnecessary and is causing this taxpayer too much stress. #justsaying
Ninth circuit is already a waste of money.
So gerrymandering the justice system now.. #resist #swampGOP #corruptpresident.   Please make sure this get the notice it needs. @maddow
9th circuit is a Bunch of left wing political hacks
Breaking up 6th circuit would cost citizens a critical source of reasoned, forward thinking decisions.
since when do you care about tax payers $$$?
That would be money well spent to disband liberal 9th circuit clown show!!!
None of that was true
Once again wrong Senator!
I'm guessing the same argument could've been made when the 9th Circuit was created.
You're a fine one to talk about wasting taxpayer dollars , ninth circuit is nothing but out of control libs
9th circuit is out of control.
How much do you waste how's your tax rate you won't be happy till it's 70 percent
The 9th Circuit hasn't been very effective in legal matters. Perhaps they need to lighten their load? 
Now there's a shocker.  You concerned about saving taxpayers dollars.  I'm sure there is a good reason for the split.  Too Liberal & large.
A political move to weaken the 9th Circuit. @SenateDems
Constant overturns ARE a waste of everones tax dollars. Except lawyers and tax paid liberal politicos
if they had a better record ( most overturned in  US ) then maybe it wouldn't be necessary. Break it up so DEMS can't buy judges as easily.
It would be a return to constitutional justice. The current judges on the 9th have been overturned numerous times by the Supreme Court!
And a WONDERFUL way to split up the Ultra Left Wing judges. Too bad we couldn't "Rose Byrd" all of the 9th Circuit!
Liberalism: So open minded your brains fall out....
   It's long over due!
Wasting tax payer dollars is what you do best....the truth is the truth...
Wasting taxpayer money is something you know a lot about and are very good at.
We must protect our state & district oversite!
45 is terrified of Judicial Branch/controls. He wants to weaken it to pull more power to himself. Federal DOJ is already compromised.
There is a reason why people who have to read 9th Circuit opinions began calling it the 9th Circus.  Maybe that's why we need a new one?
Not really
The Ninth Circuit Court has become a political institution instead of judicial fairness and objectivity.  As a minimum, it should be split.
No it would Not! All friends of yours and Jerry brown. It's no secret the 9th circuit is anti gun and unconstitutional ! #splitthe9th
Since when do you care about tax dollars
Agreed.  What Can I do to help
Only for the left.
And would be awesome....#ninthcircus

Leave 9th District alone. I'm sick of republicans gerrymandering, Cross Check, vote hacking. Every day voters are learning about R cheating.
Then they need to judge by the rule of law and not by their political affiliation! #pathetic #sad #makesoursystemlookcorrupt
How about you worrying about the cover up you did for Killary???
Trump again tries to silence those who pose a THREAT to his handlers-Golman-Sachs, Big Oil/Gas, the "religious" Rt & Putin.
9th Circuit has been overturned more pancakes at IHOP. They need to be fixed
During the past five terms, the Supreme Court reversed 72.4 percent of all cases it decided. WOW! BIG WASTE OF OUR $$$
Your gang is responsible 4 wasting taxpayer's dollar's
Tax dollars are only a concern if they actually help someone that is not of the 1 %
How about owning the debate with your own pronouncements, instead of giving light to other's ideas?
Thank you @SenFeinstein
the 9th circuit itself is a waste of money, the most overturned court in the country
Totally necessary...they are the #1 most overturned appeals court.  Wrong rulings over 50% of time.  That's waste!
Money well spent! Split the ninth! Of course...the Diane would get less done,  without the biased courts...
Oh, it is necessary. By the way, is retirement in your future.  Hang it up. After all, you will get &&&millions in retirement from taxpayers
Get rid of that liberal court.
Must be split. 9th Circus prven high toxicity levels. Cases legislated frm bench, repealed & ovrturned waste mre taxpayer $$$.
Like the wall, another Trump vendetta costing US taxpayers.
this is JUST ANOTHER way for trumproids to pack the courts with NAZI scum #KeepNazisOut
The #FeralShoutingYam is unhappy with their decisions, especially regarding sanctuary cities. This is his tantrum for not getting his way.
A game to appoint additional conservative judges.
You're a waste of tax dollars
Part of general work of current regime to destroy justice & democracy. They must be stopped
BS
Since when,ma'am...I mean er ah oh, Senator, did you care about our tax dollars?!!!
Splitting the Ninth Circuit is ABSOLUTELY necessary, Corrupt, Bias Liberal judges.
Hogwash!
Since when do you care about taxpayer dollars?
Ninth Circuit has NOT been the most reversed court in the past 13 terms. WTf is wrong with GOP? Trying harder to even the score? CHEATERS!
With an overturn rate of 80% why would you break this up! Lmao.   Get Real
right! let's just impeach them all, help usa and save $ at same time.
He wants revenge. It's what he does.
So says the Queen Left Wing millionaire Senator.. Another partisan hack who can't admit the court is a failure when 80%+ cases over turned.
Splitting the Ninth Circuit is essential to upholding our Constitution as it was written and meant to be followed. Stop criminal sanctuaries
You mean forcing conservatism on the courts to side step those parts of the constitution that don't fit well with your x-treme agenda
The Ninth Circuit are the extreme ones that SCOTUS overturns. I'm a lifelong Democrat with moderate beliefs. You sound Alt-Left
It will be done & and you and the rest of the scum in your party can't stop it! Any questions little lady?
t=impotent, inept, ineffective, inappropriate, inefficient, incompetent, impeachable.
misogynist, misinformed, malicious, mis-stepped, malignant,  myopic, misbegotten.
Might be heading to Shakespeare quotes soon.
You misspelled "interfere with my socialist agenda"... there.. fixed it for ya...
Boo hoo
Limit what these crazies can do.
#Impeach45
t=impotent, inept, ineffective, inappropriate, inefficient, incompetent, impeachable.
splitting the 9th circuit would be so wonderful and is totally worth the cost. do it.
Lib Dems should never say the words "wasting taxpayer dollars"--it's your sole purpose
Who makes this ultimate decision to split or not? Anyone know who we should contact?
Ok Senator "Payload of jobs"
too many nonCal states...worth added cost
w/ due respect, think it is critical that citizens in nonCal states have faith/respect for courtsppeal decisions...9th cir has lost cred in
Splitting the 9th Circuit Court is nothing more than Trumpie retribution 4 disrupting his ban on travel from some Mideast nations.
what the matter sweety? mabe get a real judicial system that people dont have to always go to supreme court to get cleaned up.
A liberal concerned about wasting taxpayer dollars.  Who woulda thunk??
The 9th circuit must be fixed so it changes its 80% turn over rate by higher court.
