(2/3) I have a bill to improve tax credit subsidies to lower health premiums for middle-class families. More info:
(3/3) I’m standing by, ready for Republicans to contact me about my bill to improve health care in America. What are they waiting for?
You can't stand by, get in front of them please.
The last time a Democrat promised something, it was an outright lie.  "If you like your doctor, you can keep it".  No thanks Feinstein.
Ha! You keep telling yourself that.  
Trust me, you get the gold in mental gymnastics.  Don't need your pity, I take care of myself & owe nothing to the government.  I'm good 
It's not even up to the democrats to pass a bill republicans can't do it and they have full control.Their playing the blame game
Forget the r's! U need to quit bagging on other dems all the time and instead u & other dems stick together! Let the other party fail!!
@HouseDemocrats @SenateDems need to yell louder than the @GOP. Don't let your voices get drowned out - Be Loud, Be Visible!
Can you release your healthcare bill?
It's here:  https://www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/115/s1307/text …
Thank you Karen!
You're welcome! I had to look it up myself. I love government records. 
You ppl are bringing a knife to a gun fight and are loosing bigly. Dems leadership is so lame and ineffective. The country is so screwed.
We love you here in Pennsylvania Senator Feinstein!!!!!
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews  Is @POTUS aware of this reach out from @SenFeinstein ? Let's work on improving the Affordable Care Act.
They're upset that you aren't rolling over and giving them what they want. Keep fighting.
Publish and post the details for voter feedback please.
@SenFeinstein I don't think I personally like the idea of "universe healthcare " please fix what isn't working within the ACA
Universe healthcare is for aliens. Universal healthcare is for all people. Universal HC means no fundraisers so others pay for your illness
I thank God for Medicaid and Medicare don't know what would have happen to me after having a stroke I Trust God Do You? Stop Worring
Liking at the 9.96% is excellent. No one priced out. You and your team are wonderful!!!
Keep lying,  we know your anti American history..
Because "working with" is code for conservatives give up their principles... always a one way street...
2/ you would not continue to do nothing but sit back and wait. Democrats need to step up and  DO. Sitting back and waiting isn't effective.
1/!Perhaps instead of standing by waiting for them to contact you, contact them. If you REALLY wanted to help the American people
She might have done so, although I wouldn't discount public tweaking to make a point.
Can you tweet a link to your bill?
Thank you for the heroes of the Senate! @SenCapito @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski
It's ok. We know no Dems (or women) were allowed in the rm w the good old boys... didn't work out too well 4 them, did it? #ThankYou4Trying
Trump is ill. If the Military opposed anything I can hear him yell, "Not Fair!"
Impeach
....2018 will come like a storm
Loose the insurance companies. They suck off the American public too much. Health care for all. Single payer all the way baby!!!!!!
The people feel Dems are not willing to work together.  You just push your own agenda
They don't want to improve health care, they want to erase Obama's legacy.
It would be nice if they asked you before they condemn you for saying no when you didn't. These people are enough to drive me batty.
Trump/McConnell/Ryan are only interested in GOP plans because they don't want to share credit with you for a good idea that actually works.
Who do they think they're fooling? Everything they do requires a simple majority, and they can't even swing that with healthcare. Sen, 1/2
I think it might be beneficial to remind people, during pressers, why, procedurally, the "obstructionist democrats" line is a lie. 2/2.
We need single payer. Insurance Companies are Crooks keeping americans sick.
Why don't you work towards a universal healthcare like most civilised countries?
That is the goal. Obamacare was 1st step. Creating a public option comes next. We will get there.
I didn't see you jumping to assist Republicans last week or the week before. You want to help vote for repeal and then we discuss replace
Did u work with Republicans on the Cliff bill...i.e. Did it have bipartisan support.
Then post your bill on a website and let me read it. I have a mind of my own and I read A lot of bills from Senators everyday.
Dear Senator Dems should right away announce our plans to improve Obamacare. The vacuum from Dems on fixing it = bad strategy
Republicans are criminals. They deserve trump.
But why don't American's qualify for the US Congress' health plan?
I agree!!
The Rep have repeatedly sd they don't want to ask Dems for help or ideas.
Thx u for this effort but not good enough. As your consultant & supporter in CA I DEMAND u proactively recruit at least 2 GOP co-sponsors
Did Repubs help to improve the ACA? Noooo! They stonewalled Obama for 8 yrs for politics. They told you that you hated ACA but never sed why
And now they are paying the price for being unwilling to be centric in any way
No, it is true U obstructionist Dianne Feinstein
Republicans constantly lie about EVERYTHING
Yes and all they need to do is work for the people. How pathetic!
We know it's not true. They say it and cult45 repeats it tho.
Alright, Diane. Humor me please. How much input did your health bill receive from opposition leaders?
Poor Sean is a BOT.

The new tactic to kill Obama care is to make it en by GOP. That should be considered criminal, like cut off $$s or change laws
Just more of that fake news the republicans want to spin!
I am very thankful I have you and Senator Harris fighting the good fight
Keep pushing Senator and while ur pushing grab the rest of the women senators and push together. United Together 
I would love to see an  with the male/female ratio reversed in Congress. I'm a white guy. 'm tired of old white guys calling the shots
Senator, Feinstein we don't believe a word from Trump. This bill was negotiated in secret & no democrats were invited. Zero debates on bill
You know who was invited to those negotiations?Big Pharma.Says so much about the priorities of McConnell and @GOP
Big Pharma was invited to those meetings? Unreal.
Yup. McConnell always follows the money. First and foremost
We know they lie. They've been doing that a lot more lately it seems now that that guy is in the WH.
Put it out there. Let Americans see it since Republicans will likely hide it or ignore it.
https://www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/115/s1307/text …
where can I find your bill?
https://www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/115/s1307/text …
Thank you, Senator!
Healthcare should be a universal right, for All, USA is at a climax of change
The rest.of the world would help if such hegemony.and unilateralism didnt exist
They need an excuse for their failure to govern. Democrats need a unified plan & clear message if we want to avoid the same trap.
This isn't about healthcare for GOP. This is about erasing Obama.
Guess they just didn't plan for the inevitable when the GOP would hold the WH and majority.  Great at obstructing. Governing?  Not so much!
Thank you @SenFeinstein for saying that. But it must be said louder, more press and more often. People are still not getting the message.
Imagine next year's headlines: Senate Women "Bare Arms" and make history! Female Non-Partisan Committee Fixes Healthcare For GOOD!
This would be awesome!
The simple truth is the Dems were never invited to any discussions. Hell even most Republicans were excluded. Failure inevitable #Trumpcare
Truth.
Keep up the good work! This is why we elected you and @SenKamalaHarris! If the GOP won't work with you, just hold the line until Nov 2018!
November 2018 not going to be what we expect unless steps are taken--by Dems--to keep machines safe, undo voter suppression.See @AriBerman
I don't disagree. We all need to be mobilized and making sure we're fighting voter suppression.
My premiums starting going up when the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act passed.

Time to POW-WOW, Chief!
Dogs chasing cars
Obama care destroyed health care
