I thought "We had to pass the bill so we could find out what was in it." Can't you guys work together?  Ever?
Actually that was Pelosi misspeaking. The bill was public for months with public debate and amendments. See here:
Go blow smoke up someone else's back side. You can pick and choose what she spews,  even she can't remember
I mean, you can read the article or not. But the fact remains that the bill was public for months before a vote.
no one had seen the Obama care bill and it was passed. "We have to pass it to see what is in it" Speaker Pelosi.
One line taken out of context. In context, the line means "it's so great; just wait until you see it in action!" Here's part of that speech:

Please, we are all Americans and we need good healthcare that keeps us and our loved ones safe and healthy for a lifetime. Get the facts!
Pretty sure statistics dont mean a whole lot these days if I remember correctly... And everyone could have healthcare before ObamaCare.
And it was' t very expensive. Notice how public confuses health care with insurance-they are not the same.
Notice how they directly coincide with one another like how my coverage costs went up...! No you don't because it hasn't hit home yet!
What's funny is republicans have had 8 years to write this -- claiming they had a better plan...so ...um...
Hypocrite. Dems wrote a bill NONE of US got to read, rammed it down our throats in dead of night.
Democrats can stop it by utilizing the unlimited amendments allowed in order for Repubs to pass with 50 not 60 votes. Do it, please!
I seem to remember @NancyPelosi saying something to the effect of you have to pass it to find out what's in it, when you Dems passed O care
Absolutely not true. Here are the statistics
I never said anything about the amount of time Senate discussed it. I stated a pretty accurate quote of what #Pelosi said years ago!
So true,  how about pass something the Senate and Congress has to use. Or go back to 0
True - so use EVERY parliamentary tactic to stop #TrumpCare. We don't want any punches pulled!! USE ANY MEANS NECESSARY!! #2000amendments
and you LIED you stole money from Fannie Maeyou lawless deranged Democrats. 110% increase $12,000 deductibles, All Ins Co OUT
Mr. Kennedy please run the next election for president.
I want 4 more years of Trump!
Public Option didn't allow for Healthcare Corps to take over Hospitals & Independent Drs' Offices - new layer of Executive Nonproduction 4 
You can see the #SinglePayer bill in Congress, but you still refuse to read it and said it's "a government takeover of all healthcare."
It's passed the Senate lady!  Are you saying, as a Senator, you did not see or vote in Senate?  Going to the house.  Careful of these lies
We really are not living in a democracy with McConnell and Ryan leading ,if you can call it that, the crew of haters called the GOP
support single payer or we vote you out
Stop this dangerous, secretive bill!
Thank you for fighting to keep what we gained through the ACA.  Please try to work w/ the GOP to repair not repeal if you can!
I have surgery on July 5th. Will I still have insurance? I know. I know it'll still be a bill. I may not have insurance this time next year.

Don't let them get away with it, Senator Feinstein! Filibuster with amendments from here to the end of time. VOTE NO AHCA
Grow up, She signed the ACA. Just let it run its course.  She doesn't have it she doesn't care.
Tell me, did you READ the Affordable Care Act? Guess not huh, we wouldn't be where we are today if you gave a damn. Socialism = Democrats
That's funny the way I remember you guys snuck it through at 12am on a holiday weekend? You are a clown you didn't even read it!
Iiuyyyu you are the
If you're going to pass laws that kill millions, you do it in secret. Not talking about the Wannsee Conference. But the pathology is similar
It's disgraceful!
This is abomination. Can't rely on 'pass it now, fix it later' mentality. That never happened with ACA. STOP AHCA! #trumpcare #theresistance
It took a year to write so many lies and hide it from the people
You hypocrite did you read through Obamacare before you voted in favor of it?
#trump and his #GOP #regime have forgotten we live in a #democracy, not their #kingdom. Let's all remind them. They #represent and work 4us.
Your buddy Pelosi..said let's pass it ..then see what's in it.
Need fireworks
Grinding my teeth here.  What can be done?
Oh and #persisterhood!
The GOP should notice th enormous cost being incurred to save Scalise. His bill will exceed a $ mil. Will they vote 2 end healthcare for us?
If what they were doing were good for Americans it would be transparent. Hiding it tells me a whole different story.
@SenFeinstein Filibuster-by-amendment. You can stop this. We're behind you! @IndivisibleTeam #ShowUsTheBill #Trumpcare #NoHearingNoVote
Are you that idiotic? Y'all had to pass obamacare to see what was in it!!! Nobody knew what was coming! Now America hopes it disappears!
Please stop them Ms. @SenFeinstein!
Please stop this cruel non-Healthcare bill.
Won't say anything to their constituents either.
 and how can anyone think that this is what THEPEOPLE WANT!!
When GOP takes away healthcare for 23 million ppl @ ppl die because of it, they're all gonna need security details!
Isn't the bill IN THE SENATE right now? Aren't you a SENATOR? I think the person with power to do something is.....YOU.
No one saw Obama care either.
@AGSchneiderman Are you ready to file the lawsuit over this secret healthcare bill the GOP doesn't want anyone to review?
Glad you have our backs, Dianne. Thank you.
Since McConnell is from Kentucky he must realize it's time for him to be put out to pasture
White men making all health decisions for all Americans is shameful
How about Public option. Keeps everyone in the market but keeps it fair and big ins COs under control. Pls...SOMETHING!!!!
Shameful !  And they claim to represent the American people.  I would be really pissed if I was a republican.
Keep fighting! This is beyond acceptable what they are doing. Weasels the whole lot of them.
Stop them!
#ShowUsTheBill #TheResistance
Y'all did the same thing. No one read it. Pelosi said you have to pass it to see what's in it. Do you have amnesia or selective memory?
#StopStealthcare
Have you volunteered to help?
#WealthCare
A year!
And Obamacare is the very best you could come up with!
Oh, my.
Horse nonsense from Dem hate squad.  Anything but fixing problems for Americans.
Do everything you can to stop them!
How do the Dems plan to fight this, or at least make the bill public???   What can the rest of CA do???
Publicly hold them accountable to “an attack against one of us is an attack against all of us”! Don’t let them abuse rhetoric and do nothing
Ma'am, none of us saw what was in the ACA before it was passed. And we were told a lot of whoppers about what was in it.
Senator, will you #WITHHOLDCONSENT ?  No more Ms Nice Guy if they keep this up.
We the people say UNEQUIVOCALLY NO!  Dems should publically announcing some repair ideas for ACA despite Rs floundering
Um I believe pelosi said we had to pass it to read it
#GOPDONTGIVEAF0CK #GOPHATESICKPOOR #GOPHATESUS #WANNABDICKTRAITOR #GOPPAIDOFF #ABUSEOFPOWER #Pay4Play #TakeMine then #TakeYours #Healthcare
SO HERE IS WHY I TRIED TO CALL YOU TODAY TO TELL YOU. PLEASE   PROTECT THE IRAN NUCLEAR  DEAL   !!!!
We have called numerous times and cannot even leave messages.  Why is that????
Trying to fix the Obamamess created by dems....instead of complaining DO YOUR JOB
Fight! Do everything you can Senator! We stand behind you!
That was the ACA that needed to be passed so we all could find out what was passed. HA HA. What goes around comes around.
I agree. Congress should do nothing on healthcare for 2 more years.  That way we can see how many states still have providers in 2019.
Yup, it would make more sense to just repeal the whole thing.
Please talk to Senators who are the fence about how they will vote! Thanks
It is OUR freaking healthcare. You guys aren't even going to use it. WE need to vote on it.
Politicians behind closed doors voting on shit that doesn't pertain to them is the reason this country is a hole.
Time for @SenateDems to make a stand stop talking and take some action
legislative malpractice! what are they afraid to show us?!!
it's not affordable!  NO SOCIALIZED MEDICINE
#StopTheGOP #StopTrumpcare
Any of u on here arguing with the Senator are either rich or braindead wingding blind followers of Trump.Please stop. I need my health care.
Unconscionable
Do most rich people even want a tax break that kills people? The 2 richies that I know say they don't need the money.They support the ACA.
Let your richie friends pay for it then.
I called your office today to show my support & to thank you for continuing to DO YOUR JOB fighting for Americans. This HC is a disaster.
And the Dems took ZERO suggestions from the GOP & we now see the result, garbage!
You should not be proud to have worked a year on something as bad as the ACA. Doesn't say much for you and your colleagues.
How can we, as Californians, make our voices heard by this group of GOP senators?
Demand open hearings Senator
It should be called TrumpDontCare
Well golly gee Senator, that's what Authoritarian regimes do.

They are lower than low, and slightly crazy, too.
those clunky tablets were phenomenal in their day, said no one, ever
As one of my Senators along with @SenKamalaHarris, I am confident you both will oppose this abomination called AHCA /TrumpCare! Just say NO!
@SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan America deserves better! #ShowUsTheBill or #resign We do not need anymore dirty agendas!
What is your definition of "we"???
Thank you for resisting the dismantling of ACA.
And that nobody wants !!!
@GOP: well, yeah. I mean, why not, WE CAN! it's not like the @DNC could stop it if they wanted 2. why would @DNC care, if it passes GOP=BAD
Obamacare is in a death spiral down the toilet. You passed it without even reading it. Democrats are the biggest hypocrites and liars. #MAGA
Not true Reps have been defunding it
WOULDN'T YOU PASS A BILL IF YOU WERE GETTING A PART OF 880 BILLIONS IN ONE WAY ARE ANOTHER, NO MATTER WHO GET HURT OR WHO WILL DIE?
Please consider using any option at your disposal to keep the AHCA from being passed in this opaque and unfair manner.
You tell them Diane! You have the voice and the history and the clout!
so get the door open and let the public have hearings make it happen!
.@SenFeinstein @SenKamalaHarris Use EVERY TOOL available to you to stop it. Americans are using every tool we have!
don't let them get away with that! 
Let's stop them
The ACA needs to be bipartisan, not partisan. Why can't any of you in congress & the senate work together? Childish behavior.
NO NO NO STOP THEM
NO
Remember Medicare Catastrophic Coverage Act of 1988? No hearings, repealed 1989.
McConnell's agenda for the last 8+ years has been to stonewall and now steamroll.Thank you Sen Feinstein and colleagues call for action!
Constituent 91316. This secrecy does shocking violence to our democracy. Censor GOP for not representing . Vote-a-rama filibuster! #noAHCA
Sad that all that effort was wasted on flawed legislation
u can't blame GOP for what U refuse to do in YOUR state that is run by DEMOCRATS. Pass #SinglePayer & u will have moral ground to criticize.
CA wants #Medicare4All something you don't SenFeinstein would you care to explain?
No body read it. It's a disaster
Come on get your glasses on
Now
ACA= giveaway to ins companies/was written by the Heritage Foundation. u have the chance to pass #SinglePayer in CA So? WTF is YOUR problem?
Please filibuster endless amendments! Throw sand in their gears! You know what to do!!!!
Didn't @NancyPelosi say if we wanted to see what was in Obamacare we would have to pass it?
Vote o Rama amendment them into submission! #SaveACA
Trying to sneak it under the radar like everything else
It's outrageous. Thank you for doing everything you can to fight this.
Did you sign up for Obamacare
Senator: make sure you,Dems& possible Gop not to pass this ridiculous ACHA bill.Why can't u come together & repairACA on behalf of WETHEPPL.
A bill created in a locked room, with no partisan input should never be rubber stamped. Especially when it compromises 1/6th of the economy
#WITHHOLDCONSENT
No!!!! Enough damage had been done. They can work together like they did for sanctions!!!
Do not allow this
And no one read it before it wad passed.  Sounds like criminal negligence to me.
why does the @SenMajLdr think he can operate in secret like Russia?
^^^ This
Hey Diane, they don't respect you.
This is a new era this is the Trump era.
They won't answer under oath, & don't fear contempt, bc ur weak
You or other #Democrats should buy my #Domain http://www.ebay.com/itm/282520258295 … to  talk about their #feelings about #TRUMP #ebay #Retweet #RT
I don't get how this can be done. They work for us so therefore, we have a right to see.
It isn't right to be able to pass ANYTHING without general approval that DIRECTLY affects us. This should be illegal.
#Seriously? #ObamaCare? You SHOVED that #Shit down our Throats & never let anyone see it! You need to #RETIRE! It's NOT #Affordable! #MAGA
The GOP once accused Democrats of passing a healthcare bill nobody had supposedly read....
I don't think any Republican is for for office. They don't plan. They don't think.  They are lazy
Why are people dropping their insurance? Affordability.
so you are calling pelosi a liar. She said nobody knew what was in bill until passed. Who is telling the truth? Can't be both of you.
You have to pass it to see what's in it
It shows that people of this country don't matter but the rich that give them money deserve more
Do something! I can't believe they get away with it!
Is that when they are predicting trump will completely implode? Gotta pass shit quick before he melts!
That's because according to 8 Senators interviewed by Vox, they don't have anything written down to show anyone, hence the secrecy!
Criminal. Congress is VERY F'D UP. BIZARRE, UNFOCUSED, BIZARRE.
Please filibuster by amendments,40,000 amendments to be exact.They want to craft bill w/o Dems,then they deal w/consequences
Why aren't you guys filibustering via amendments? Why are you DOING NOTHING to stop this? Tweets are not helping. Tweets are not action.
They can't propose amendments without seeing the bill
Yes. Also you should support Medicare for all.
It's an outrage. The ACA halved my premiums after a dramatic life event. It's needs improvement NOT replacement. People over politics.
But... "we have to pass it to see what's in it". Right??
I work 80hrs/wk & am full time single mom. If #AHCA passes, GoFundMe will b the ONLY shot I hv at "insuring" my disabled son. #ShowUsTheBill
DeDe, The ACA is a failure! Sit back and let the adults fix healthcare. Stick to your failing Russia Russia failing narrative to keep busy
I suspect Ocare took longerwork on since it is so HUGE. All U need to know is 1 word- REPEALSmaller & limited gov't is bestall of us
#ACA #obamcare  looting my private property @FannieMae @FreddieMac &  illegal! #Fanniegate http://linkis.com/www.infowars.com/Udeiq …
Lol. Cites Infowars.
Because Democrats wanted to cover Americans health and GOP wants to take away coverage! Easier to say no than yes!
Yet not one of you idiots read it and saw how bad it actually is! It's falling apart nationwide. Keep playing the fiddle.
The ACA was public for months.
All I said was that they didn't read it. If they did, they wouldn't have passed it. W/out a Dem majority, it wouldn't have passed.
What do you need from us?
... and the US free-market worked its solutions for hundreds of years.
This is wrong. The bill was public for months.
Your work was wasted.  Obamacare is a disaster.  Give the gov't. the $$$ your hubby swindled from it with the sale of USPS properties.
Don't let them! Please fight for us!
What are you planning to stop 51 votes? We are counting on you and other Dems to be bad a** as possible.
It sucks when you're so divisive that you alienate yourself from the important things
