The moment you let down your guard is the moment when trump hands USA to Russia, removes US from NATO, and continues to fleece taxpayers!
No! We need to stop all this European and middle east meddling. Take care of HOME! stop $$aid$$ to the Saudi and Israeli use that $ on US.
The US will NEVER stop funding Israel.
Just give it time...
They are incessant in this mission to take health care away from millions - thank you Sen. Feinstein!
My premiums have tripled and forget about deductables we cant go to the dr anymore thanks obama
It's also the moment you allowed Don Jr CLOSED "interview" that will NOT be UNDER OATH! SHAME!
Help , pls, @SenFranken & @SenKamalaHarris
RT RT RT RT RT RT RT
Senator Franken was not even aware of the deal you & Grassley cut w Don Jr, allowing him another platform for lying!
It is worrisome that they are trying so hard to distract us that they are willing to reveal Sessions talked to the Russians.
You do know that Secretary of state Hillary Clinton signed of on a deal that gave rusia 20 percent of the uranium mining rights
Yawn! This is bogus. See snopes.
What's bogus? He spoke to the Russians.
Troll. I already blocked.
I probably should block. Sometimes though its worth it to see if they will respond rudely so I can report them.
Senator you need to pay close attention to what your counterpart Grassley is doing. He is not acting in the country's best interest.
yes he is.
https://twitter.com/spicerlies/status/888563015154634752 …
ok, do what's the issue?
What a disaster. Health care , Russia. Stop these maniacs! USA falling. Putin plan
Rothschild plan, you mean! Kick out the Federal Reserve bank, print our own interest free money. That'll fix our finances quickly.
. Their disastrous hlthcare through?! Don't you give a damn about REAL AMERS suffering under obamacare?! Apparently you dont! Shame on you!

Dems can and should submit thousands of amendments to filibuster #TrumpCare. Add your amendment here.
You all should forward our voice mails to them as well!
Thank you
Democrats should change party name to reality of their actions.
The new name S/b OBSTRUCTIONIST.
#GOP Congress in 2017 is a #Russian funded & backed puppet regime like Vichy France under #Nazi Germany #Resist #Resistance #TheResistance
M Yang
WHY are you letting grassley cave on public testimony or jail for don jr & manafort???
Get rid of the insecure fake hair fake tan fake everything and his fake cabinet and get someone who cares about all of Us rump not above law
Please stay strong on your support of the ACA!!
Put some tabs on Grassley - he's putting party over country - sick of his complicit behavior in all this!!
We are losing our democracy to A Russian agent of Putins impeach remove
Whom should we call if we live in California?
8675309
@KamalaHarris @CNN @MSNBC Correct.  Republicans will try to pass Health Care changes through Senate.  Be aware!
https://mortgageshots.com/tag 
The moment people trust you, your family lands a HUGE real estate deal
You're the one letting your guard down, not us. It's your role to keep guard the gate. That's why the public put you there.
Please get with your peers and be prepared to revive the ACA
Why are you allowing lying Don Jr, treasonous Manafort & colluding Kushner to be get out of testifying under oath?
Republicans are trying to pull the wool over us?
Are you complicit with this Russian Coup?
So prevent the vote, get arrested makes one actual noise, get some actual airtime fighting this vile immoral monstrosity
Remove him from office. NOW!
Hypocrite, you jammed the disastrous Obamacare down the republicans throat and you didn't even know what was in it!!!  WTF?
What makes it disastrous?  The fact it still has too much government control?  Best we return to the free market. Repeal Obamacare.
Gv
Dear Dianne I understand that GOP House just defunded TitleX So women have to go to Canada to get healthcare?  Can we get gas $ for them?

I find it remarkable that we have to vigilantly fight OUR OWN GOVERNMENT to prevent it doing what NO ONE WANTS.
Whatever go smoke another joint n watch more cnn
Heard Murkowski and Capito are thinking about reversing their votes from anti-repeal to pro-repeal of the ACA (Obamacare). Keep calling!
And what did you do with the ACA, Obamacare: let's pass it, then read it, just to see what's in it!
Translation:
Keep fighting each other while we conspire to keep you enslaved and begging us for your rights with more LAWS.

STOP CONSENTING
Please do something about big pharma, chemtrails, quality "natural" food, defluoridation of water, these benefit health & decrease $$$.
Please don't be like Republicans work on the fixes to the ACA have it ready when they fail all of the stress is making people sicker
Dianne has a bill ready to go on the income cliff problem, locked and loaded and waiting for s to stop being dimbulbs 
If so, post it, so we "the people" can get behind it. Give us something to fight for, not against. Wasting too much time.
She did
My bill with @SenatorCollins would finally update our inadequate laws so they protect our health. Read more: https://www.feinstein.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=BF77F321-35AA-4F29-A5E4-FF321BF089F6 …
I attempted to call @SenCoryGardner  to ask him to vote NO on repealing ACA however the phone disconnected me before I was able to talk!
Subpoena them NOW.
Trump's three representatives at the "Trump-Agalarov Summit" are so committed to "transparency" not one will testify publicly or under oath. 
Look I & millions more Americans r sick of this bogus investigation. It's so full of conflicts of interest & the crime is the leaking! Shame
agree. Im disappointed by the delay and how DJTJr and Manaft dont have to face the US people Wed
Obamas high deductibles would have self cancelled the plan supplemental plans Aflac and Colonial is one idea.
If you want healthcare as a right, then amend the Constitution to say so. Until then healthcare is not a privilege, it's a market commodity.
Senator, Californians are counting on you to vote NO. And to support Medicaid if 45 tries to cut.  #NoRepeal #Healthcare4All #StayStrong!
here is another one for you .
Sen. what is going on how can you let this happen. Why is manfort and trump jr testifying while not under oath . It's a disgrace
These guys are well know liers. Come on do your job
Tell the republicans to LISTEN TO THE PEOPLE THEY WORK FOR!!!!!!!!
Disastrous healthcare bill? The current Affordable Health Care bill is disastrous to the middle class & not one Democrat gives a shit!
The 5 Calls free phone app gives Americans direct phone access lto senators by just giving their zip code. They don't need to leave a name
How about we simply get rid of the disasterous one i shoved down or throats. But that was an attempt at control, like all DEM plans failed.
Just read about.your sweet real estate deal.
Gotta be nice collecting those bug commissions off.of government buildings
Truth
Where was your concern when you shoved that disastrous obama care on America? THAT is the cause of where we are today
Keep repeating 2018 2020
There is a malignancy in our country...
http://landwheremyfatherdied.blogspot.com/2017/07/there-is-malignancy-that-needs-to-be.html …
Yes ma'am.
Yep..hopefully That's the plan
Are Dems fighting back on Forbes WH/style active measures disinformation campaign to discredit CBO?
let me remember Palosi famous words. You have to vote for it to see what's in it. Now I pay 3 times for insurance & u think it's great.nuts
Disaster is Obamacare.It was invented by Reid and Obama to drive our economy into the hole.Dependency on Govt is what they libs crave
Whats ridiculous is that Obama care was passed at all
You realize you jammed a disastrous health Care bill through the Senate without one Republican vote. Your hypocrisy is stunning.
Sounds just like what you did with ACA to the American public!
She's right, ya know. I'm on it
You mean the disas. health care bill Obama shoved down our throats that Gruber said voters were idiots to believe. The liar Obama's ACA!
Stay woke!
I believe the only answer is #FullRepeal The D bill, jam down our throats is failing #hypocrisy
All numbers r locked into ph...on redial
@snowakowski4574
Oh.....just like YOU did with ACA?  On Christmas no less.  If that's not the pot calling the kettle black!!!  Disgusting!!!
How are you helping besides asking us to call?
Putting their own well being over all of US.
@SenFeinstein, please Retweet:
Text RESIST to 50409 for fast easy way to fax Senators & Reps to VOTE NO TO #BCRA. Time is running out to stop this genocidal bill. PLS RT!
NO SOCIALIZE MEDICINE LIKE CUBA
Just like you did with Obamacare!!
Who do the democrats have in mind to run in 2020?
The way it's looking they want to just repeal only!  Just fix the ACA's high premiums and deductibles.  They're determined to end Medicaid.
At a certain point pardon powers need to be ignored by our justice system. The Trump family, Sessions, Flynn, Pence, Kushener belong in jail
A different argument for u, Senator:

https://twitter.com/JmMlSd/status/888890106228219905 …

#TheResistance
@Lawrence, a thought for the GOP: HC is a form of infrastructure - no coverage = underinvestment + elimination of preventive maintenance.
Perhaps you don't remember jamming the same thing through the Senate in 2008. Where are your meds?
Then present your plan. Omg so many complainers and no doers. You are ALL ridiculous and if this was the private sector you'd all be fired
WE MUST START FORCING INSURANCE COMPANIES TO COMPETE FOR HEALTH CARE ACROSS STATE LINES.  THAT'S THE ONLY WAY TO HAVE AFFORDABLE HEALTHCARE.
.@SenatorCollins Vote No #MotionToProceed-#BRCA Ammendments won't have CBO but phony Trump Scores-270K MEs w Medicaid need U 2 Stand Strong!
.@SenCapito Vote #NoMotionToProceed-#BRCA Ammen. will have only phony Trump Scores-510K WVs & 73M Americans w Medicaid need U 2 #FixACA
.@SenRobPortman Vote #NoMotionToProceed-#BRCA Ammend. won't have CBO but phony Trump Scores-3Million OHs w Medicaid need U 2 Stand Strong!
Keep us alerted!!
We must win American's right to #healthcare. It'd be great if you'd do the same instead of deliberately obstructing #SinglePayer, Senator.
With all due respect senator, wouldn't coming up with a counter proposal or compromise proposal be better?
I send postcards.
And u no they will try . Sneaky sociopathic inhumane former GOP Repukelicans.
No taxation without representation. The GOP health bill only represents the interests of the wealthy yet they will get the tax breaks?
Absolutely true Senator. Thank you for keeping this front and center. 45 is desperate for a win - at all costs and no matter who it hurts!
We have  a disastrous  healthcare now, so what's the difference
Thanks for being there to help our special needs family!!!!!
@kitty2city
Thank you for your vigilance!
At least we've read it! 
Sorry it's because of the mess you started. Now own it. I can send you my medical bills to pay since its so good.
Just like you and the dems did?
Kinda like what what you did with Obamacare, you worthless hack?! How dare you even tweet about this, when your party created this mess?!

Trump says single payer will BK US then says great health care for all for $1 per day. Just who will sell a health policy for $30 monthly
DON'T LET YOUR GUARD DOWN!!! Are life's depend on IT!!!!
Thanks to my senator @SenFeinstein #countryfirst
#wealthcare #TrumpCare #ACA
#TheResistance 
Republicans are more worried abt going home w/o accomplishing anything then they R concerned abt passing bad health care CALL!
@realDonaldTrump Sen Feinstein keep up the fight to protect our country and help us!  #TheResistance #Resign
time for congress to lose their health coverage until  America get covered.
We need you to stand for #MedicareForAll 
Let me Know when you announce your support & I'll join you at the press conference
I'm a lifelong Californian and I IMPLORE you to support #SinglePayer #Medicare4All. ACA leaves 21m uninsured, and that's simply not right.

Thank you for keeping us #ThePeople informed; alert.We appreciate your continued effort of fighting for us and helping us #FightBack #Resist
This is what we may need, uninsured Trump voters dying homeless in the gutters, to turn around the nation from this destructive course
Don't be silly thinking that way. GOP are their own worst enemy without help from Dems
Senator there needs to be a poll asking do you support Obamacare or the affordable care act and see what transpires
Good point
You go work on C and M NOW
You keep resisting...Obamacare keeps failing...people keep suffering.
And they're bribing people to flip.
Can we PLEASE stop saying "disastrous" and START offering a vision of our own? Say like SINGLE PAYER? How about a Constitutional Amendment
Guaranteeing all the Right to VOTE? Or a campaign finance plan? We just can't keep being GOP light and expect the electorate to follow!
Hopefully John McCain had an epiphany. Not sure how he can look in the mirror and take away health insurance from average Americans.
If you weren't so cozy with Wall St. & big money you would've saw the change coming. Corporate Dems are on the way out, thank goodness.

Absolutely.  But let's keep the Jr/Kushner testimony on the front burner. What's Grassley pivot about
Those sneaks will keep trying. We can't take our eyes off him.
Spineless dem. @SenFeinstein.
i agree
The moment we turn our heads it's more and more plausible  Dems are hiding Intel and helping GOP members stall this investigation.
Is there anything else that can be done RE Byrd Rule where Senate needs 60 votes on several sections of BCRA? GOP can't ignore, right?
Repeal disastrous ObamaCare! And you and Pelosi should retire! #TwoOldHags
obamacare is already disastrous.
Tell that to your chair @ChuckGrassley who wants to dissuade the Russia investigation. It's happening right in front of you!
I am calling. REPEAL REPEAL REPEAL!
Manafort, Trump and Kishner slated to be "interviewed" will they be under oath @senatordiannefeinstein ?
Like the HOUSE did!
@coton_luver 
Thank you for all your hard work sen. Feinstein.
Dems must present a plan instead of just resisting. You might not be invited, but push your way in with a plan to fix #ACA  #TakeAction
How can push your way in when the R's refuse to condemn #DEATHCARE? Tell them to reject all versions of this bill. This is about Americans.
Can you hook me up with an M1-A1 Abrams tank to help you out with this little problem? Thnx
I don't think I'd be putting that on SM @crypticcat
Im not worried. I know nothing about them in the first place. Also, my transparency of asking a sitting US Senator for a tank is absurd.
@realDonaldTrump The disasterous bill was already jamed through congress eight years ago. Republicans trying to fix your mess!
disastrous, how about the disastrous Obama Care and the outrageous money that people are paying for it.  You r ridiculous
Just like Obama did. Remember???
Having a different kind of hearing for DTJR & PM is wise. You may get more out if them
@SenFeinstein Please stop with this ridiculous agenda.  It is so sad for our country.
the moment the ppl speak you turn your back on us I will never vote dem ever again
Please continue your agenda to bring our country to her knees. I am ashamed ever having been Democrat.
Calling you is major waste!! Get a grip and move on. Better for you to resign. CA needs better leaders. It seems to be sinking
You are just wasting taxpayers money with your bad energy as a loser. Move on or get out!!! We want America Great Again 
What are u going to do about your colleague @ChuckGrassley ? He's protecting traitors & trying to derail #TrumpRussia investigation.
Oh, just like you did with Obamacare? HYPOCRITES!
Disappointed with u because no public hearing w Jr. not voting for u
We need to let them know we will not vote for them. Their jobs are on the line.
I am! But why did you agree to a deal for Manafort  and little Don Jr.? Getting away with who knows what! Disappointed.
We will fight until the end to get rid of the horrible #Obamacaid No single payer EVER
Why are you letting Grassley railroad the investigation, mam. Have you lost it to that old geezer?
Those particular Republicans are The Deplorables.
You spelled DEMOCRATS and OBAMACARE incorrectly. Maybe you forgot bc nobody read the bill before it was passed.
Not that the Senate GOP bill was any good either.
So this Scaramucci business is another distraction? Ohhhhh, I get it! ;-/
I am fortunate to have you as one of my two brilliant Senators; thank you for your hard work on our behalf!

What like the dems did
Thank you @SenFeinstein for your service & 4 keeping up the fight against this disastrous, Republican "health care" bill. You r appreciated!
Expand. Medicare. Please.
Fight on. 
Your committee is a joke. @ChuckGrassley made it that way. trump owns Grassley.
I promise to do just that.
I think your team jammed through a disastrous healthcare bill about 8 years ago. It sucks and you know it. Thanks for the high premiums!!
Pah ha ha, Russ! So freaking true! Some nerve, huh?
You are betraying our State and the nation by agreeing to allow @ChuckGrassley to make this about Fusion or #Steele! How could you?!
Sen.Grassley & Feinstein CUT A DEAL with DonJr.& Manafort 2 AVOID A PUBLIC HEARINGHow's That Sitting 4  IS @GOP PUTTING over AGAIN ?
yeah right... didn't you just give the boys a break and let them speak in private?  FU
I reject all legislation from these traitors and seek indictments for their criminal misconduct in office.
Show me anything that is deemed criminal

Similar to the way the Dems shoved it through on Christmas Eve?
We will stuff it so hard with a spoon & set fire to Obummer care. America has had it with you!
This is war!
Now be nice we dont want to sink to their level w shooting up congressmen n burning towns n such
Please! YOU are letting YOUR guard down by letting Grassley do an end-run around you & make this about Steele dossier—DEMS are wimps!
Like you did to us???
Please tell Dem's not to take break
Vote yes for it Senator, for Californians and the country. It will be better.
