I agree and back ground checks at gun shows
They do! Omg
You better check that better Some gun shows dont check.ISiS buys alot of guns at America gun shows
Any links to that?
Reserch a little
It’s research.. if you’re aware of it send info Einstein
Have a good day done with you
Never a debate with u guys, always quitting
We already have background checks. Educate yourself before you post. I can’t believe the number of sheep that exist.
Lots of loopholes...read the proposal.
It’s not a loophole. The reason that provision was established was because the government does not and cannot complete in a timely manner
According to you, but the "gun show loophole" is real is costing Americans their lives.
The fact of the matter is not a single law in place or that could be put in place with restrict a mad man
Without the ability to turn a semi automatic into an automatic a lot less people would have been shot. It was legal.
Not having a semi automatic would have lowered it even more.
Most all pistols for home security are semi auto get informed
Wake up Lady!
Sounds great Senator! Now what can we do to prevent another LV, where the shooter didn't have any history of crim. or psych. issues?
Don’t ask her! She’s lost in space
Thank you Senator for attempts to curb the insanity that is American gun culture.
Gun culture 
Thank you, Sen Feinstein. We love you.
How about at gun shows? And will conversion kits sold at gun shows be regulated?
They are regulated
Wrong. There's a loophole--private gun sellers may sell a gun to anyone without a background check if the seller decides they're OK. A joke.
Ah pretty sure they already are being check I know for a fact that Florida has some the best backround checked in the United States@donenow
And a mental health test
This measure may not have prevented past but it may prevent future tragedies
Implement more efficient background check that red flags issues
I'd go further and say limit the number and calibre of guns owned by individuals to lawful and justifiable limits of reasonable civil use
And who gets to say what is "reasonable?" A bureaucrat? A goofy politician like Maxine Waters? The police? Think about this a bit deeper.
Common Reasonableness is a legal standard - you may need a point 44 Magnum to take down a bear but not to walk down the street in town
People walk down the street, as in Alaska, where bears DO attack people. .44 Magnum IS appropriate. Look at YouTube videos of real attacks!
If you're that worried about bears in Alaska that's your prerogative personally I'd rather carry a bell and stop destroying their habitats
U ignored the point. Many peo live in semi-rural areas w/mountain lions, bears, wolves, etc. Marin Co., CA as example. U better carry a gun!
I'm not afraid of bears or anything and training with National Guard in AR I didn't need to rob a gun from the armoury to go diner or woods
Ban hands and feet, and knives kill more than all rifles
they are already being done, dumbasd
All background checks are completed prior to sales. It's against the law to do otherwise
But your previous comment says he passed a background check. States that more freely allow citizens to own guns are safer.
What about background checks on illegals crossing our borders? What monsters are you allowing in or protecting in your sanctuary cities?
HOW will you check guys, which ILLEGALLY buy weapons? Their must be some serious mental health checks in other places. The Senate may start.
Lisensing, limiting and eliminating extra guns with heavy charges for guns if Ur not in compliance.
There already background checks for all legal sales of firearms across the nation state to state done by the FBI on  every transaction
Been a background check for many years, already!!! @SenFeinstein wake the fuck up moron!
Thank you!  Keep on fighting for common sense solutions to gun violence.

Here’s the problem with this: if we give the government a infinite amount of time to do their job you will never get the gun.
They ARR you idiot in CA, the state you represent both Fed and State BIs
Lets ban trucks , July 2016 – Nice, France:  On the evening of 14 July 2016, a 19 ton cargo truck was deliberately driven into crowds
They already are completed B/4 gun sales, really be nice if you politicians learn the law, and it's not a loophole was approved by ATF
Ding bat
Thank you.  Let it be a good first step.
How are those background checks going for California?
Background checks aren't fully implemented anywhere in the U.S.
wrong
We can always rely on you to have common sense.  Thank you
yes yes background checks! Would have identified people who were amassing weapons=!
Thank you. #KeepGoing @momsdemand
A neighbor recently told me she purchased a gun legally in CA and WAS NOT fingerprinted. That’s insane
Then perhaps it wasn't legal after all.
Because they depict Hypocritical and Illegal Abuse of Guns Laws…
can we get  @NancyPelosi @SpeakerRyan @SenSchumer write up a bill ?
There already is one. Problem isn't guns but societal decay.
Stop being a chicken shit the stupid little laws you talk about is not going to stop nuts from guns ! The 2 amendment has to go ! Doing harm
They are. You just want to ban guns
YOU'RE nothing but a GRANDSTANDING GRANNY! At 84..America DESERVES newer & BETTER idea's from their representatives! It's time...GO AWAY!

With the Paddock domestic terrorist attack, a background check would not have worked! BAN Bump Stock!
Otherwise you don't care about deaths, you care about eliminating a right to bear arms!  Prove yourself or you have nothing to contribute!
2nd Amendment does not give Congress any power for background checks.  Art.1, Sec. 8, US Constitution lists limited powers of Congress.
Ms .Feinstein, don't be a hypocrite!  
If you truly care about senseless death not only gun control but by necessity, abortion control...
Lol you are a joke. Background checks required.
Now is the time to talk about gun control. #assaultweaponban
Just like extreme vetting for people entering the country! Extreme back ground checks for guns. Safety 1st
2010 President Obama’s Dept of Justice, headed by Atty Genl Eric Holder, found the use of a bump-stock “did not violate federal law
Background checks are first. What about the purchase of multiple gun's? Who's checking that? What about mental folks buying gun's.
My common sense proposal removing any member of Congress who is against The USA and in favor selling weapons to drugs to killer Mexicans
You already have to get a background check before they can transfer it to you. Gun dealers fax paperwork to the FBI for background check.
This means any screwup is on the head of the FBI. That's right folks, my LGS got a wrong answer and was crucified because of the FBI
Drug deaths are more than twice as prevalent as compared to shootings
I think we should do the same for drug use.  No opioids prescribed for people who have history of addiction
With whom did you work from the Republican Party or is this just another Obamacare-like bill - all partisan?
2A supports my natural rights 2 self-defense; 2 resist oppression; 2 act in defense of the state. My rights Rn’t UR’s 2 touch-EVER! Clear?
So how many guns does that require? There is no mention in 2A of an unlimited arsenal Or guns for  "fun".
America We Are Better Than This impeach these people pass the word on I beg you
All Americans alert be wise this woman is not for your interest she's in it to line her pockets time to get rid of people like this wake up
It's not going to happen we're going to impeach you before that happens we as Americans are tired of your people
You can care less about U.S. Citizens in my opinion,as well as be a part of the power-hungry elite stealing taxpayers money to enRICH yours!
I believe you want all citizens to turn their guns into the govt. What about illegals,just let them shoot a young lady walking with her Dad!
In my opinion, you should go after your fellow Californians that produce violent gun movies,possess amoral characteristics, & lack honesty!
You aren't waisting any time going after more of our rights. It's almost as if the whole thing was meant for this very purpose. Las Vegas.
That's what they do in LA SacraFrisco, and Chicago. You gonna go to S. Chicago, and get the guns? How much armed security do you have?!!!
Already being done....what else you want to try to fool people with
If that's all (we know it isn't, lizard) then you already "won". It's called an ATF Form 4473 found at your friendly local gun shop. Bye!
They already do you old crone.
They already have that , and common sense says illegal aliens that jumped our border broke the law.
While illegal aliens that jumped our border protest and shutdown traffic in CA today . You need to worry about your Fed law breaking dump
A national database could be very useful as well...especially since this shooter purchased from four states within a year.  Red flag!
YET WE WOULD BE DEAD IF YOU HAD YOUR WAY! AND TOOK THEM ALL UP WITH FIFTY ONE VOTES! OH MAM YOU MUST REALLY REALLY WANT CIVIL WAR! NEVER!
use gun deaths to DISARM THIS NATION! DO YOU NOT KNOW WHAT WE JUST NEEDED IN TEXAS TO DEFEND OUR LIVES FROM LOOTERS IN THE HURRICANES? GUNS!
person and your party's great evils that go against ALL THAT GOD commands again and again! Killing babies by the millions AND NOW you
YOUR GUYS Defend them! and tell them to shed our BLOOD IN THE STREETS LIKE CAINE DID the day after your loss! due to hillary's truly evil
BRIGADE KIDS GROWING EVERYWHERE TEARING DOWN OUR BELOVED STATUES OUT OF HATE! AND LOATHING FOR TRUE AMERICANS! and YET
have APOLOGIZED FOR THE THINGS YOU HAVE SAID AND DONE TO OUR PRESIDENT! GOOD GRIEF WOMAN! SHAME! AND YOU THINK WITH YOUR ANTFA RED MAO
who WE are and HOW MANY GUNS WE HAVE? NOT ON YOUR LIFE! YOU HAVE PROVEN to us we cannot TRUST YOU! NOT ONE OF YOU HAS THE GOODNESS to
so LONG YOU RUINED HIS ENTIRE FIRST ENJOYMENTS OF BEING PRESIDENT BECAUSE YOU GUYS ARE INSANE WITH HATE! AND YOU think we want YOU to know
You are SOCIALISTS Who treated our DULY ELECTED PRESIDENT WITH UTTER DISGRACE! AND ACCUSED HIM OF TREASON! and did so for
that would have been possible Mrs @SenFeinstein had you and yours not turned into the enemy within. You TERRIFY us since this last elect.
We should ban Islam and stop the terrorist attacks
How is this lady still kicking
Ineffective for private sales w/o a complete firearms registry. Pie in the sky, next to useless political BS.
That’s already the law. Focus more on personal security protocols. Ask how anybody got a single gun into a public place let alone an Arsenal
Background checks already in place, except it's still ok to hand a gun down to my son, I suppose you want to outlaw that too!
Yes, but a background check would not have prevented the Vegas shooting. He had no red flags. How about preventing people from buying 33 guns in a year
Some places already have laws like that (Cali, for instance). It doesn't really do much good when you only need one though, does it?
Now we're talking! Keep it up Senator!!
Congress must do more. Background checks just 1 component.
Psychological profiling would stand good and I wonder why it isn't/shouldn't  be done for people holding the highest offices in government.
Thank you, Senator Feinstein!
tax reform must include removing all tax exemptions from NRA, disgusting how NRA is cowed down to
That law is already in place you horse's ass
Paddock passed background checks & bought guns from other people,if all the guns are taken away how can we protect ourselves from criminals
You have people protecting you and other Congress members with guns,how did he acquire so many guns that's the question?
What about the 1000’s murdered by BLACK MEN in a city that forbids firearms? Just keep on ignoring the real issues Dianne.
Where is that someone does not have to have a background check I don’t know what state you are talking about
Why are you proposing a bill for a law that already exists? The shooter passed background checks. Out of touch much?

That’s the way it is in CA! didn’t stop San Bernardino? No you know it? It’ll keep the honest honest! what about the dishonest? Farook??
We already run background checks. This will do nothing but stir the political pot as usual.
Not going to happen
Then will you be happy?
Time to ban assault rifles. Everything else is just window dressing.
The "gun show loophole," doesnt require background check for firearms purchased at gun shows from private individuals,federal law only requires licensed dealers to do checks.Some states' requirements limited only to handgun purchases. ALL guns, ALL sales, ALL background checked
Your anti-gun rhetoric is really stale,  I am too old for hand to hand combat, I could not out run a two legged predator. My side-arm rules
Hello? Already a law.
You are one of the problems
Close the loopholes.  Gun show sales must also include background checks.
That just shows how stupid you are Steve you got to have a background check at a gun show do some research before you post makes you look 
#Bipartisan Gun Control - Step Up NRA!!
Roof leaks. Feinstein gets a bucket. Bucket fills. She mops floor. Mop wet. She gets a wringer. Wringer breaks? Common sense! Roof leak !!
Evil won't give a damn about any check or ban. You want USA to be like the EU and suffer constant acts of machine gun mass murder? Yes!!
The Las Vegas shooter had no criminal background.
You wouldn't pass the checks you'd put on us. You're the type that'd have banned the MG42 in 1943. Have Nazis laughing as hard as Evil now
It's about time !
More common sense, red flags for anyone who buys/owns war machines.
War machines...Lmao
In case you forgot, AntiFA vowed to stir the shit this November.
All Anericans agree, Forewarned is Forearmed
You obviously have no idea what you are talking about
After the event the 'news' carefully explained the model numbers and types of gun used in Vegas with pictures. The media loves gun porn.
Why, honest citizens don't need background checks. Which is why YOU would need one.
All fingers & toes are crossed that this time a step forward in gun legislation is proposed. Please let it be so!
Maybe we can also have voter ID. You know, to make sure people are LEGAL to vote. Common sense.
You tried that once, just another thought to clog the system. Soon you will want a psychiatrist in each gun shop
How many more laws do we need?  Gov can't begin 2 legislate morality. Violent video games & movies conditioned ppl perceptions. Gov butt out
Already being done on LEGAL SALES, such a dumbness you are!
That already applies to all FFL stores, even if I sell them at gun shows. There is no loop hole, you are either ignorant or dishonest.
Sen @SenFeinstein how will it have stopped Las Vegas ?  the shooter had no previous criminal history . Talk Sense , not nonsense
Why don’t we go on the offense against gun manufacturers and distributors? Not rhetorical
Are you going to go after car manufacturers for auto accidents. What about producers of alcohol for drunk drivers.
wow, just look at how much Dianne Frankenstine knows about gun laws.
de acuerdo
I really don’t understand why this has been a point of contention.
There should be a way to flag a person who is building an arsenal like the man in Las Vegas!
They don't, they object to idiotic proposals that hamper law abiding citizens from defending themselves
The speed the background check process. I have yet to be approved inside the 72 hour period and I have a CCW.
Common sense proposal: buy back/ban assault weapons and get NRA money out of our government - big money = NO CHANGE = more deaths. Come on.
There's never been an NRA shooting and what you want you ain't going to get socialist
Thank you Senator.  Where are @gop @SenateGOP signatures on this bill? Do they all want to continue the tragedies caused by guns in America?
Thank you Senator. Hopefully you proposal will be accepted.
Thank you!!!
Gun shops already do background checks before the sale is completed.
So do gun shows!!!
You do know that federal background checks are already required right? Of course you don't, because all you care about is controlling people
Thank you Senator but they already do that. It's a check through the FBI, who are you suggesting that we make the check through your office
We allready have a back ground check !!! But I guess politicaly is common sence to keep repeting a lie...
That's been done & it didn't work!
I can prove it!
Stephen Paddock bought some of his guns in California under that law.
Time for u to leave
Why these common sense issues are not already laws, escapes me.
Great job there Sparky
I ask you, you have had that for years in California, how has that worked out? 
I'll let u know, IT DIDN'T WORK
Gun ownership should be like car ownership.
License both gun and owner. Owner must take practical test.
Liability insurance mandatory.
She knows for this is how she started her career at the city council meeting where Harvey milk was shot!
Vegas shooter had multiple background checks. This wouldn't have helped.

You are little light in your thinking

Thank you Senator!!! Keep up the good work!
Since it appears U cannot read no where does 2nd am says 1 needs permission of gov 2 have any gun they want  Obey the Law Set a example
The Second Amendment is NOT Holy. WHY have we let it have so much sway? What is our sick relationship w/guns? #RepealTheSecondAmendment
It's that whole 2 million crimes averted a year by the use of civilian firearms, mostly without injury to anyone as brandishing is enough
WE ALREADY DO!!!!!
And NO loopholes for checks.
There are FBI checks that everybody has to go through to by a gun.. Educate yourself
Such a no brainer. It’s not like they are taking away a second amendment right. Geez, we need licenses for just about everything else!
That's because you allow them to do it. Is driving a right or is it a privilege
The sheriff is 100% right! You ruined this country Feinstein and the DNC!
We already have that.
So the left get another guy to commit mass murder, and and you dance in the blood demanding more control. It's all about control.
What about CHIP
Loophole exists to manage black market. There must be a known gateway. & Gun sale background check wouldn't have prevented Vegas
North Carolina does that allready
It's Federal, every state does it.  Feinstein doesn't know what shes talking about.
So what you propose is that the FBI could delay any sale, at any time, because they would have no time limit they must abide by?
Would that legislation include a provision to fast track BG checks not completed after 72 hours? If so I would support it
Very sensible
Yes!
Background checks are already done for gun sales. Way to write another useless law!
Banning “bump stocks” only leads to more & more “common sense” bans. If bump stocks insult common sense why did Obama’s ATF call them legal?
Reasonable intelligence
-a legitimate definition of assault weapon
-required registration & count of all firearms owned
Not going to happen you need to reread the Second Amendment
That is already in place, try again
How about holding illegal till ice picks them up, ask Kate’s family if common sense proposal
It already happens stupid
You going to “control” trucks next?  The Dodge Challenger that was used to kill the girl in Charlottesville?  Motive, NOT implement is key.
Wow, there are a lot of uninformed children on here.  Ban on automatic weapons already exists.  Background checks already a thing.
Oh brother, two trolls to BLOCK. Bye kids
You have a sanctuary city and want a sanctuary state and u have the nerve to say u are concerned with citizens safety...
GPS tracker on all guns. Aaadhar Card is on all guns. Background check first guarantee future behavior.
Background check is part A; future predictable behavior part B. Military knows how to predict.
Reasonable Intelligence
-Yearly purchase limits on firearms.
-Required firearms training, certification & eval.
But NOPE
Mental evaluation is a way for a liberal psychologist to deny you your rights
All gun sales.
That already exists
How long are you going to whip that dead mule?  Background checks have been in use for quite awhile and gov. still gets it wrong.
Bring back the #AssaultWeaponsBan
There's no such thing of a assault weapon
I am a Republican gun owner and I don’t see where anyone would argue with that goal. But  it would not have stopped many mass shootings...
As well as passing a gun safety course.
How is this going to stop a criminal?
