We all descended from immigrants. These DACA kids are just as American as me. I hope congress can come together and do what is right.
And you stupid if you don't think they will illegally smuggle their PARENTS AND GRAND PARENTS BACK IN THE USA. NO #DACA
Surely U hve friends on GOP side of  aisle. Get them 2 join u supporting OUR DACA young people.They belong 2 us.Want 2 hope good GOP exist
GOD FORBID!! NO #DACA.  VOTE THIS TRAITOR OUT OF CONGRESS..
literally Obama reduced the GDP growth by ten times that
Lies!! They are on our benefits that your stealing from Americans without authority or legally! The Supreme Court already told you its wrong
DACA is for 15 - 32 they are not youth most are adults breaking the law . Do you not care about the law ??
This is the biggest pile of b.s. I've ever seen! My God, she forgot to include that dreamers cure cancer and walk on water! Gimme a break!
The number may be overstated and is certainly up for debate, but that ending DACA will cost the US economy billions seems well proven.
By the way Abe, you can't possibly believe economic #s from the same bunch who sd USA economy wld collapse if Trump was elected,  right?
I don't believe economists I based my comments on said economy would collapse under Trump. But they do cite $200b in lost GDP if DACA ends.
Sure.
Great way to have a rational debate. Refute blindly any opposing view, offer no support, then claim everyone is out to get you (or Trump).
When did I say that? Stop reading hidden meanings into what I say. I say what I mean. Also, I didn't realize i was irrational. Gimme a break
Lol. But what do they cost in jobs and healthcare cost.  No DACA obey our laws
Then fix it!!!  You are a part of Congress!
Plus they will be contributing to the SS system! We need immigrants! Stupid white supremacist!
Japan takes NO immigrants,refugees,illegals,HB1visa workers&now their police hav nothing2do cuz everything safe&econony #AmericaFirst
Then introduce legislation. It's called doing your job
liar!
Delusion, lawlessness, and incompetence plagues the democrats when they don't know they need to serve their citizens first! Vote them out!!!
Get all out of office asap, 2018 @realdonaldtrump @potus #MAGA #MASA #TrumpTrain #DTS #LockHerUp #BuildTheWall #FakeNews
So called contributions, like how Obamacare was going to bring health care costs down. RIGHT
Legal Americans will get those jobs - it's not a zero sum game - life will go on and America will be in compliance with current law.
Really? Who invented that number? Details please. Trusted sources only.
Who did the math?
What contribution would 's that were replaced in workforce have made,  Senator?  Math's not a D slogan - its an equation. You missed half!
All you were ever asked to do was your job bring up legislation pass legislation make laws if I was as bad at my job as Congress R.I.P JOB.
when will you get it thru your head, if they want to stay, BECOME A CITIZEN!!!!!!
DACA FIRST OVER ANY OTHER BILL.
#RecallTheGovernment   #GeneralStrike   #Resistance   #NoMoreTrumptyDumpty
Thank you for your support

Ok this...this needs to go VIRAL. Easily the most accessible way I've seen to explain #TrumpRussia to the Gen. Pop.
CNN has given up the house on that. Packed it in, tell RR.
Then why can't they get in line and do it legally, like so many others have? Is there a manual you use to decide which laws really matter?
But you never talk about the costs...

#DinosaurDianne #Retire
Hom much is spent for free Education, health Care  and welfare on Daca Kids?
Then get off your lazy and do your job which includes working with the entire Senate
It's not our responsibility to "unleash their potential" that's on them.
No no I have it on good authority that every brown kid you kick in the shins turns into one good job at the coal mine
800,000 times 495 every 2 years 396,000,000. Lots of cash for a waiters job.
DACA is an executive order. It’s not a law. Pls do your actual job and draft a bill that addresses the problem
A lie! 460.3 billion will not be lost but gained by those being robbed by a crime treasonous, by man to be jailed: @POTUS44

@POTUS
Donate to @MAFpajarito to #DefendDACA & protect all our immigrant communities thru our emergency loan fund http://Bit.ly/donateimm  #not1more
Hello...American citizen over here would like some government help to release MY potential. Anyone listening?
BS, they are nothing more than a drain on our system.  They need to GGGGGOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
How many Democrats do you plan to import?
Imagine 800,000 Americans taken off of welfare, food assistance, and unemployment...imagine the entitlement budget reduced.
#DACA
#MAGA
Depending on you to help get this thru congress!!
How much did these illegals cost the american tax payers?  Illegal is just that
Nope
You mean save 460 Billion from welfare to healthcare
Where in gods name did they come up with them numbers? Were they counting them all as billionaires
You have tons of young children in Ca. legally born here that are not being taken care of or educated properly. Take care of our poor first.
BTW, cite all the bs talking points you want @SenFeinstein The tally at the end of the day cost Americans have  $100bil yearly.
Hey @SenFeinstein How much from #SataNicSoros are you receiving? We have laws and they are supposed to be followed by EVERYONE. 
di-don'tforgetdaca-
brokethelaw-thank
God-nomore!-we'll
takecareofthedreamers
makesureupayattention
toamericanlaw&restore
hoponpotustrain
That would be a great investment ,send them home
Try doing your job and make laws. Enough talk.
They are taking college spots and jobs from Americans. Who is looking out for the American kids?
Diane, all you have to do is write an amnesty bill and bring it to vote in Congress? Don't you know your job by now?
More questionable data from a dinosaur... Term Limits!
When U R on the public dole as the Congress people R, no worries.  Sad to see our country fall apart.
Respectfully Potus only option. Obamas order not law or legalPotus placed congress on noticeof which you are apart
You just want their votes in 2020
you allowed Obama to break the law with daca this is why the supreme court ruled no amnesty for daca.Tired of democrats breaking laws
Respectfully, the #DACA ball is in your court. Light a fire in House and Senate and FIX THIS. We've done our part as voters.
Oh now it 460.3 billion over a decade lol. What a joke.
Do think the American people will buy your scare tactics... Dianne ?? Do your job for the American people or retire !
Nice try...balls in your court now.
4:30pm @CSPAN 2 U.S. Senate, ; Voting yourself NOW @Sen Feinstein of SF California,TRUTH
Congress has a moral obligation to make DACA permanent before Trump's cruel, pointless decision can ruin any more lives!
Potus doesn't make laws idioto,  maybe they do in Mexico, but not here.
So Diane, you don't want Americans to have jobs, free tuition, and immunity? You do realize when you give to them, you took it from US?
Yes we should Dianne! Mark Meadows just said he'd for for their amnesty if the Wall funding was included. Please don't give them that Wall.
Good fences aka walls make GOOD neighbors.
What potential shooting our people, how about praising our citizens,  maybe REPEALING the WEP PROVISION AND THE GPO.. What about that, huh
If only Democrat leaders protected American citizens with the same effort & urgency that they use to protect Dreamers... 

#DACA
Really Diane? How? $54 Billion a year in welfare, is helping us?
the time has come to stand up and say enough- you support California Independence!
I have a hard time rationalizing CA state as a country… I doubt military will be an issue, but water will.
800,000 fewer jobs for US Citizens... 800,000 fewer beds in hospitals.... 800,000 fewer seats in schools that US taxpayers pay for. Enough!
@SenFeinstein Thank you for great #MSNBC interview! @USsenate can pass #DreamAct! Thank you for #keepDreamers effort!#SaveDACAfamilies
Where is your concern for the millions of Americans that have lost healthcare because of Obamacare? Where are you raising money for them
Sen. in addition, what would  the humanitarian crisis be if DACA ended?
IT WAS ILLEGAL, OBONGO BYPASSED CONGRESS. ENFORCE ALL IMMIGRATION LAWS. DO YOUR JOB!
Sen. what is the economic benefit from DACA folks . What will our country loose
Democrats always showing they are bad with math and facts
Another awful #CHRISIS bigot.
#DefendDACA -- get it passed in the next few weeks -- not months.
Let them stay! New laws -- help dreamers live the dream.
Enough fighting for illegals. Fight for insurance, veterans , seniors. Your priorities are sad and pathetic .
And shameful
Your right, don't understand there thought process


too bad you didn't fix this in the past six years if you were so concerned.
before economics, they are our neighbors, friends, brothers & sisters, our students & even our teachers. #DACA
And before that we have mothers, father's, brothers, sisters, tea hers, students and veterans HERE!...that is priority numero uno sweety.
We all know demorats are only interested in more voters. Doesn't matter they take jobs away from legal immigrants and citizens.
Please block Sam Clovis.
And the Southern Rednecks that support the Racist-in-Chief contribute absolutely nothing except misery and hate. Sessions by far is worst 1
Bless ur lil heart...Suck it up buttercup,  we is potus now.
How about asking how much did DACA kids cost the government in support (welfare), subsidized housing, free medical care, free education?
Taxpayers no matter how compassionate, CANNOT afford anymore
Jeff Sessions on... 

Travel ban: President has expansive legal authority

DACA: President can’t act without congressional overview.

By Removing them CBO Projects a $1Trillion increase for GDP over next decade.
45 is never going to be a good president because he isn't a good person. He's corrupt and makes policy from personal gain/bigotry. #Impeach
BS
The GDP was reduced when they were in it with Obama, now it's going back up thanks to President Trump
Please please please do everything in your power to be apart of that bill that reverses this decision! #DACA
Here come the liberals with all these fake bs stats 
So lets work with conservatives & pass dreamers bill with veto proof majority.
Why didn't the Democratics  do this 8 years ago?
Do your job and quit talking. Yes?
I see this figure thrown out there a lot .How much is spent on them being here ? Ex, schooling , Medicare , etc.
You want to unleash potential, cut corporate taxes to zero, deregulate, and get rid of the income or slave tax on individuals.
Then get to work in making CONSTITUTIONAL LAW!
100%unconstitutional.Write a bill free tuition for LEGAL ONES.Stop breaking the USA laws.Obama'smistake implementingDACA.Heknew itwas ilegal
Will somebody please let me know where this number comes from?
Your basing that number on what exactly??The amount of taxes u can steal to pay for all the free programs u want to give them??#LiberalLies
History will record that Senator Feinstein sold out her country to foreign labor when Americans needed jobs the most. Outrageous disloyalty
CBO-type MATH FAIL. Assumes all 800K removed and none are replaced while projecting over a rediculous time frame. Completely factless.
Wait til you see CNBC's absurd figure
#PassDreamActNow
Lol, how misleading....There are several components, gov't spending being one.  Taxpayers money spent on illegals doesn't count nitwit
Don't blame Trump. He gave you guys six months to do what you should have been doing the past 8 yrs. .
Yeah well what about all the children who were born in America what about doing all we can to unleash their potential????
Well considering they're not on the chopping block to being send back I don't think they're the main priority.
It's funny I never see you go on and on about anybody else not even Americans. I guess it's just the subject of the day
#fakenews
All I can think is that perhaps now congress will get immigration policies sorted out.
I doubt it.
Same folks who said obama care would be affordable..
Senator, didn't you just say donnie could be a "good" resident? Me thinks you are wrong about that!
matbe if they weren't cartel blanched in mexico we could futebol
Go back to working on a budget not pleading for illegal Aliens
#DoYourJob
#NoScoffLaws
Like I said Get it DONE!
How was that math computed?
At what point will Trump resorts hire Black or Latino Americans to help unemployment rather than use foreign workers at a cheaper rate?#DACA
We need to keep calling him out on this. Along with his Made in America
Sure. Crimes. Gangs. Drugs. General mayhem. More people raised as foreigners in America. Lots of potential there. Good don't justify bad.
Senator Feinstein: Will you introduce legislation to defend and solve DACA issues?
Bull... your numbers are at best taken from total gdp divided by population. Show the down side such as cost.
Fight for the American ppl for a change and stand by our POTUS or get voted out.
another russian bot
So looking forward to the great recession that is edging it's way towards us. 

This is what it's all about folks... 
Don't be fooled.. #EndDACA #EndDACAnow
What are you doing to unleash the potential of citizens?
Maybe Jerrod should remember that his ancestors were turned away by the Same Trump followers including his father in law.
Lame. Emporer Obama made an Unconstitutional law. Trump only refused to also be illegal in signing unconstitutional order. Educate.
Send the Dreamers back home FREELOADERS.Take care of the USA people and Veterans First send FREELOADERS home and USA will save Billions
If your talking about the GOP than yes!


"Youth" = 64% adults

78% of which are from Mexico alone.

"Youth"
