If you vote to confirm Gorsuch, U will b telling YR constituents that what's happening in the White House is ok. It's not ok.
Do not vote yes on this man!
Hope & expect top hear you will join .@SenateDems to filibuster #Gorsuch. Cloud of treason over #45 precludes him from making lifelong appts
You will disappoint California if you support him. You're better than that. #FilibusterGorsuch
Do NOT support this Sen. Feinstein > join @KamalaHarris & filibuster.  Listen to your constituents.
Pretty sure you already know how we feel, since we #standindivisible outside your office every week and tell you.
More crucial than ever before.
Pretty sure you already know how we feel, since we #standindivisible outside your office every week and tell you.
Please reject Gorsuch for Supreme Court. He will be bad for reproductive rights, LGBT rights, worker rights and other important issues.
I sincerely hope it's a big N-O.  I've voted for you for decades.  Now you must resist or resign.  Consider your legacy, Dianne.
Pretty sure you already know how we feel, since we #standindivisible outside your office every week and tell you.
Pretty sure you already know how we feel, since we #standindivisible outside your office every week and tell you.
Stolen seat, Senator Feinstein, they'll go nuclear next time around regardless of whatever deals are made to the contrary
no on Gorsuch
Please do not support this nominee. No president under FBI investigation should nominate a SCOTUS.

vote NO!
Why would any woman vote for someone who is anti women? Men would have blown up this world already if it wasn't for us.
Stand with Dems, NO on Gorsuch
Just a reminder we want the vote to be NO!
Filibuster!
So Say We All

#FilibusterGorsuch #filibuster #standindivisible #indivisiblesf #resist
I'm counting on u 2 #voteno on #gorsuch. #FilibusterGorsuch. #darkmoney #environrights #workerrights #VotingRights #reporights #lgbtrights
No on Gorsuch please. Have tried calling several times but your line is busy. Thank you.
.@SenFeinstein Please vote No on Gorsuch.
Looking forward to your strong NO statement regarding Gorsuch nom. citing his selection by Rt Wing groups and Repub. blockage of Garland
Please say no Senator Feinstein! He is completely unfit for the supreme court! #WeStandIndivisible
Please support the filibuster of Gorsuch, Senator!
As my Rep, I URGE you to Vote YES for Gorsuch!! Don't make history on 1st filibuster! Save  Democracy & vote YES like you did before! YES!!!

please vote no. Please support a filibuster. I am a constituent and voted for you. #nogorsuch
Stand with @SenSchumer  and vote No!  No POTUS under FBI investigation should b able to put SCOTUS on bench!
Please vote no on Gorsuch.
Just say NO to Gorsuch.
How can you even consider Gorsuch??? How many calls and letters have you received against him???? That's your answer! Vote NO!
Please stand strong and oppose him! Repubs obstructed and stole the seat - fight back!!
Thank you for giving us a sense that someone in Washington is still rational.
#StopGorsuch who has characteristics of #Fascists like rest of cabinet whether they admit it or not!
#Gorsuch admitted he was a #Fascist in college rulings since favor corporate control at expense of majority! http://zacherydtaylor.blogspot.com/2017/02/propaganda-campaign-for-fascism-in.html … 
please vote no & support filibuster. A president under FBI investigation shouldn't appoint a justice to a lifetime seat.
... Please talk to Sen Manchin and ask him WTH are you thinking?
Vote NO!!!
Vote no on Judge Gorsuch and support Dem filibuster
No tax returns? No vote. Under investigation? No vote.
this should be an easy no vote. California deserves better. I'm disappointed you aren't voicing this now when it's needed.
Please vote no. He is on the side of corporations over people and POTUS is under investigation. 90291
Please do not leave us. Vote NO on SCOTUS
@MaxineWaters @tedlieu @RepAdamSchiff advice to fellow CA citizens on how to get answer from our supposed "rep"? Ignoring seems very.....
@JerryBrownGov @GavinNewsom @AGBecerra anyway you can help get an answer for your citizens? This is NOT how people are represented.
@KamalaHarris any chance you any help us citizens the people you BOTH represent to get an answer? Avoiding your citizens seems odd?
@UniteBlueCA @latimes @NancyPelosi any advice on how to act when "my rep" is not representing me let alone avoiding me?
I've heard from other Californians who say the same. All we can do is encourage another, more responsive Democrat to run and win that seat.
@indivisible_la  I am NOT ok with this action. @RepKarenBass any advice?
Why do you have have ability to stall/wait ?'s from citizens? My understanding of your job is you REPRESENT us not avoid us. True?
easy ... Vote no on Gorsuch.
No probe no robe. Until we know the extent of DTrumps Russian entanglements - NO SCOTUS APPOINTMENT. Straight answers or straight filibuster
Please filibuster this awful nomination 
Please commit to joining your colleagues in a filibuster. So much is at stake.
The vote must be no! Please filibuster because of stolen seat and nomination by a president under FBI INVESTIGATION!!!!!!!!
No, the only answer should be no. He is business biases. His rulings ridiculous.  I'm a constituent of yours please vote no
Why wait!? It's already too late for you to be a leader!
constituent from San Diego. Please oppose. You can not trust any deal GOP wants to make. They do not honor their deals.See NC.
HOW ARE YOU EVEN ON THE FENCE??? Please represent your California base and vote NO on Gorsuch. #NOonGorsuch
Filibuster. There's no reason to let him in. I loved your questions in the hearing, though.
Why has it changed from when you approved of him ten years ago?
Do not confirm Gorsuch. Treasonous WH admin does not get to place a 
SCOTUS.
Please filibuster!
Dear Senator, I am your constituent & longtime supporter & I support a filibuster.
Time to show ALL of Calif that you are interested in moving our country forward and not pandering to the uber left base yes on confirmation
We need you to vote NO.
Please VETO or at least postpone Gorsuch vote until we have more info from FBI
Given the disgraceful scandals around the President, please work to postpone the vote on #Gorsuch while the Admin is under this cloud. Tx.
"let the people decide" =McConnel's own words. People voted 2x for potus44 and majority for HRC 2016. STOLEN SCOTUS!
I regret every vote I ever cast for you. That's 20 years worth, FYI.
no further Gorsuch action until investigations play out.
Do not allow the #GOP to steal a #SCOTUS seat.  
Don't legitimize their theft and disrespect.
Merrick Garland deserved a hearing first.
"Considering" WHY? It's this type of thing that causes riffs in the party. You need to rep your constituents. #NoGorsuch Vote no or your out
Gorsuch has sided against ordinary Americans at every opportunity. Please join the filibuster. We need you! #GorsuchHearing
If it's to vote for him, get ready to lose ur job. Shouldn't even be in question here.U vote for him;u become collaborator in poss. treason.
"How do we know Gorsuch wasn't hand-picked by the Russian government?" - Mark Bannick
Please block Neil "not my problem" Gorsuch. Too complacent about injustice rendered #MerrickGarland #frozentrucker #darkmoney
Dianne...Don't buy what he's selling! I'm a constituent and the only thing I want to buy are tickets to a filibuster!
Gorsuch must be opposed.  He legislates based on politics and has no consideration for individuals.

YOU'RE NOT SELLING OUT TO GORSUCH?

Are they buying your Vote?
GORSUCH HAS BIG MONEY BEHIND HIM BUYING HIS SUPREME COURT SEAT 
10 Million $$$ has been "donated" by some lobbying group to get gorsuch Nominated  so NO GORSUCH!!!!
I think we are all hoping you join the filibuster. I am not a constituent but am part of the growing base. #trumprussia
hope it's the *right* decision - no on Gorsuch
Gorsuch is excellent candidate and should be nominated
Please vote no.


Are you Complicit?
Please don't vote to confirm until after we know more about the Russia investigation. The @gop held up the position for a much lamer reason
It makes no sense to not have decided already? It's not about re-election strategy; NO on Gorsuch is the right thing to do.
Our other Senator has committed to a filibuster. Why are you waiting? Why do you need to tally calls before just doing the right thing?
Filibuster please!
Pls say NO to Gorsuch; Filibuster
Senator, once again I urge you VOTE NO or filibuster Gorsuch nomination!! NO NO NO!! A thousand times NO!  Please and Thank you
This is getting out of hand. Something must b done soon. Impeach Trump. Don't vote on anything until FBI takes traitors away. We vote too
The very fact that you can't be out and proud fighting against the #StolenSeat means it is time to #PrimaryFeinstein.
"No." Please, just "No."
His refusal to answer simple questions was all I needed to see. Absolutely not.
Seriously you still have to think about it? !You know better
#NoProbeNoRobe
as a constituent I urge you to filibuster and vote no
As a voting constituent, I urge you vote NO!
Please vote NO on the Gorsuch nomination, Senator Feinstein! Thank you!
Please block his nomination and all others until we know how long Trump will remain President.
PLEASE do not vote for Gorsuch!
should b a bipartisan halt 2 this decision until outcome of #Russian /Trump connxn explored. Legitimacy of #Gorsuch a question
Please vote No. Filibuster.
NO!!!!! #GorsuchHearing #TheResistance
Take care, Senator. The Democratic Party is not popular with its base right now. A vote for Gorsuch is a vote to lose members.
Based on your strong Democratic principles I believe NO on Gorsuch is the decision you can make & defend! Plz Don't let me down 92653-5769!
You should already know yo vote "NO"
Please, please filibuster Gorsuch.  He is too extreme and Trump, an illegitimate president must not be allowed free reign in this regard.
I hope you support the filibuster. CA must stand strong. #resistance
As a Californian, I ask you to vote No. Thank you for your work.
Please vote no on Gorsuch and support the filibuster. His charm hides the danger beneath
please vote no!!!!!
I'm your constituent and a loyal voter. I URGE YOU to not only vote NO on Gorsuch but to join the rest of the Dems and filibuster him.
Our children deserve a judge who protects them not denies their rights. Plz #NoGorsuch We can't allow trump hateful policies!
vote no
As a constituent, I urge you to please vote No.  In addition, please resist cloture by filibuster if need be.
There is no way someone under investigation for possible treason shld b allowed 2 appt s/o 2 the Supreme Court. That's nuts.
Why be cagey? NO! SCREAM IT!
I guess we'll just keep calling and leaving messages until then (also, get more phone lines, we're not going anywhere), 2 b sure u hear us.
join filibuster! Vote No!  #resist
. ANNOUNCE IT NOW.  WE DO NOT WANT THIS CORRUPT  CORPORATE  ASS ON THE SUPREME COURT. AND ITS GARLAMDS SEAT!
why are you foot dragging on Gorsuch? #MerrickGarland never got even an informal hearing. #filibuster
May it be "no".
I keep getting emails asking me to call you. I don't think you need to be called. I think you'll do the right thing.  NO on Gorsuch.  Pease!
Opposing Gorsuch is defense of Democracy. We The People duly elected Pres Obama twice. We elected HIM to nominate. We voted for our values
Not the extreme values of this un-elected, corrupt, foreign puppet President. GOP violated our Democratic rights in not considering Garland.
Defending the validity of our Democracy is the most important duty any American could execute. Opposition to Gorsuch is required. Thank you.
sad you have to announce, you have voted more for republican issues then democrat you will be voted out. We see you in Ca
Support!!!!
If you filibuster Gorsuch, you're getting far right Judge Bill Pryor when Kennedy retires.  Think before you vote.
For the love of god show some backbone and block his ass. Do you not remember what they did to Obama and Garland?
There is no acceptable move but to #StopGorsuch through any means necessary. #FilibusterGorsuch #StolenSeat
No on Gorsuch.
Illegitimate POTUS under investigation for possible treason does not get to appoint to SCOTUS. Crazy talk. Please vote no.
.@SenFeinstein we implore you to vote no. Or you know, your constituents will voice our displeasure at the polls #NoOnGorsuch
A vote in favor of J.Gorsuch is nothing short of OKing GOP behavior re: J.Garland & ignoring poss outcomes of Admin under FBI investigation.
I see you've adopted the game show model of politics. How about having some principles that your constituents can count on? #resist
Please vote no
For America!  
92115, CA resident
please vote NO. The future of everything is at stake.
PLEASE JUST ANNOUNCE NOW - DO NOT VOTE for this slimy guy!  Your old school way of doing things doesn't work in the new reality.
NO is the only acceptable answer. I'm shocked that you might think otherwise.
We urge you to vote NO!
Thank you. Hope it's a resounding NO!
Don't just vote "no" - filibuster until 1) #TrumpRussia resolved and 2) Garland given a hearing.
It better be NO!
Thanks Senator!  Please vote no!
I ask you to vote no on Gorsuch for too many reasons to list here. Mostly he's too conservative and lacks compassion for average citizens.
A vote "yes" for Gorsuch is a vote for the agent of a Russian agent. You must block his nomination, Senator, please!
just say no
oppose @GorsuchNeil with all means necessary #FilibusterGorsuch #TrumpRussiaCollusion
I'm sure it'll be a HUGE surprise too!
Filibuster Gorsuch!!
Allow me to announce for you..I will not vote for Gorsuch for the SCOTUS because "yadayadayada". (Can't break dem ranks).
PLEASE do what you can to #stop #Gorsuch from being on #SCOTUS. This is not only a stolen seat but also he's not pro citizens.
From a constituent in 94947, please oppose the confirmation of Gorsuch for 2 reasons: 1) Illegitimate presidency; 2) Garland's GOP block
I hope it is a yes. He is the brightest bulb nominated for the court in years. Likely since RBG.
Isn't this the best we can expect from a GOP president? Gorsuch appears to have a brain.
I'm one of your constituents. I urge you to vote no. It's concerning that he wouldn't answer questions. I fear he's extreme.
Everyone needs to pick up their phone and call her! Tweets are nice, but aren't as important as a personal phone call!
Why aren't you speaking up? And why are you not joining the move to filibuster?
approval must stop until Russian investigation concludes. I oppose this man based on his views.
Please do everything you can to stop s vote from happening. @SenFeinstein There is no political penalty for Opposition.
please. OPPOSE.
vote NO on Gosuch
constituent here. Please block Gorsuch conf. Rs have proven they won't value any cooperation from u. Too many rights at stake
Please #StopGorsuch We & the majority of your constituents do not want this evil in
Please vote NO!  Trump/Russia doesn't deserve to pick a seat on our court!
Please don't let a Supreme Court Justice be appointed by a President under Federal investigation!
Gorsuch is wrong for Americans
vote no please! Women in CA Are counting on you
Please oppose, there should be no question about this, he will move our country back to those "good old days."  #resist!
.@SenFeinstein No Trump nomination allowed until he & admin r cleared of colllusion w Russia. Repubs would do it 2Dems #NoGorsuch.
@potus no one wonders...lol but it does not matter... Majority rules... Thanks Chuckie #electionsHaveConsequenses
Merrick Brian Garland did not get that level of respect from your GOP colleagues.  Your actions should be clear!
vote no on Gorsuch. His rulings reveal a deep disregard for human rights. This is not politics as usual.
Is the US now oligarchy? Aren't we a Democratic State? You can't allow @VP & @POTUS to threaten & bully U!! #FilibusterGorsuch
Hopefully your vote will be no until we know about Russia and Trump.
OMG Diane, I sure hope you'll be opposing him.
We need judges that will make decisions based on words written by law makers. Judgements based on whims threaten freedom.
I sure hope u recognize the fact the Neil Gorsuch  avoided answering most pertinent questions  and #voteno
as an appointee of a seriously compromised administration he needs to be passed over
please show your support for Gorsuch to the Supreme Court. If u don't u r playing politics
how much "dark money" are u taking to say no.. you're what's wrong with this country and ur trolls that responded for a no r2
We need the Senate to confirm Obama's pick before considering Gorsuch for the next position. GOP robbery must be punished.
Stop playing politics! Gorsuch is highly qualified and you voted yes 4 him in the past
has to be NO
