The height of irresponsibility Senator, was destroying health insurance for the majority with a Socialist Law to insure 15% of Americans
Needs to change has nothing to do with Trump. It's a collapsing system, by design.
How would you know since all government worker's have their own private insurance coverage. Hypocrite!
About 1/3rd of that 15% were young healthy individuals who didn't want to buy health insurance
@SenBlumenthal @ChrisMurphyCT  let's not forget please - all government sub healthcare causes adjustments I employer paid healthcare
.@SenFeinstein  The #ACA was NEVER affordable!

#SaveACA
#MAGA
#Trump
OBAMA & O'CARE SABOTAGED AMERICANS -- IT WAS BUILT ON LIES+. U HAVE NO RESPECT FOR DEBT BURDEN & U WANT TO LAY IT ON OUR COUNTRY & OUR KIDS
Here is the real criminal and you people need to wake up to the lies and deceit and realize who the real criminals are
wow, same old lie. Come tell MY family about why we now have 4-digit monthly premiums and 5-digit deductible, sweetheart. Stop lying.
Insurance doesn't mean affordable healthcare with outrageous deductibles and premiums. Get real.

Well did not Democrats Sabotage Medicare for the Affordable Care Act Democrats robbed Millions to fund Obama Care & both will be broke soon
I know so many people who CAN'T AFFORD the Affordable Care Act and have to pay the ObamaFine.  Don't call it "Affordable" because it's not.
How about tweeting Single Payer... Looking for a replacement!  #justicedemocrats
I am having a serious problem with all of this. All we hear how ACHC bill is, yet what the heck is being done about it. We're damn tired.
There is  not too much they can do. The gop has the majority. Also, McConnell isn't even holding headings or including dems.
They can withhold consent and filibuster by amendment, right @SenateDems? #ResistGOPCare #Votarama
Yes but at the end McConnell is going to use this rule that can substitute the bill with a new bill. It's confusing. I'm gonna research.
Ms. Feinstein, I believe the DNC's poor legislation and Obama's litany of hollow promises about ACA doomed it, don't you???
No, the #GOP have used every avenue they could/can find to shut funding off and refused to work to improve the law. #HealthCareForAll
I believe the health care providing insurance companies have "shut the funding off", right?
I don't understand your question
#potus hasn't delayed #senfeinstein #senschumer are playing delay tactics with the #Senate
I pay $2,000/month=$24,000/year (2people) plus large copay, out of pocket and deductibles. Tell me again how great Obamacare is
You mean people that sit on their fat ass's at home will now have to pay for insurance!!!  Democrats are LOOSER"S
Hasn't that already happened under the ACA? In case you're not sure, as a SMB owner, let me enlighten you: it's exactly what's happened!
Honestly the majority wouldn't be able to afford health insurance
Medicare for all. Easy affordable. And the AMA and our health care professional would all be Happy. The insurance companies can adjust.
"Will mean?" #Sabotage already happened, raising costs and driving insurers out of markets. This is just the coup de grâce. #ResistGOPCare
Trump and republican sabotage of aca is unconscionable. They should rot in hell for this willful assault on the American people.
Remember it at the midterm elections
#democrats are sabotoging the AHCA. you still haven't read the ACA or you'd know where the failures are.
The Trump administration is trying to encourage insurance companies to drop ACA #SHAMEFUL
Eliminating government subsidies that should not be necessary is not sabotage. The unaffordable care act was intended to fail.
How do you know if you haven't seen the bill? ACA has risen cost for people, but congress has done nothing. At least Rep are trying.

But not the Rich.. oh yeah, taxpayers!
False news. As a healthcare admin I can tell u this is bs it was doomed way before trump
Why can't they get that
As soon as the #affordablecareact was announced my #insurance premiums started to go up and haven't stopped since, we need relief from #ACA
The ACA is already broken, why won't you do something to fix it instead of just bitching about  it.
Someone has to fix it. It was never funded. Many people think it was designed to make private medical fail.
What do they care they don't pay taxes
Resist
@TrueFactsStated @sfchronicle 

Never forget that it's #GovernmentofPUTIN's actions / uncertainty causing these exits.
I want you 2 investigate Pizzagate and exactly WHO is involved in this evil practice. Please stop the human sex trafficking.
This is why they are eager to repeal and replace ACA. Besides tax cut to rich, pay for play with Russian's oligarchs.
#LifeOnMars
@DrDenaGrayson @sfchronicle higher premiums, fewer insurers, limited coverage, aren't these the goals of the republicans?
It's a terrible shame that people are going to have to learn this on their own
Thanks for leading the flight FOR right, not THE RIGHT. 
Does AHCA violate the Constitution? If it can be proven that people will die, it violates our right to LIFE.
We can also argue that #AHCA violates the 8th amendment. Cruel & unusual punishment.
And the ACA hasn't gone up in cost since inception? You are lost. As the nation's oldest senator please do not aim for re-election. RETIRE!!
Cold blooded.  The results can simply cost the lives of citizens wanting health care but not being able to afford it and pay rent.
Unreal that this is not daily news on all networks...it barely gets a mention...#republiCONS been trying to kill ACA since day 1
Co pays, premiums and deductibles are expected to rise by an average of 61% under the GOP proposed bill.
Withhold consent. Then filibuster by amendment. Then propose endless amendments. Use Senate rules to your/our advantage. "No" is not enuf.
WADR, @SenFeinstein @SenFranken @SenSchumer @TheDemocrats SOMETHING IS ROTTEN IN #Congress When IN 2017, #UniversalHCare ISN'T THE GOAL 4 US
@TrueFactsStated @sfchronicle Madam Feinstein. Your President doesn't care about Americans. He's in it to line his pocket.
@TrueFactsStated You need to do whatever it takes to delay this vote. Start writing amendments & make them vote on every one.
WADR, The SINGLE Parent/Income Families Will B DEVASTATED, DESTROYED! They Live Treading Water NOW! T & @GOP R LEGISLATING THE DEATH OF...
...THE AMERICAN FAMILY!!! The PRESSURES ON SINGLE INCOME FAMILIES Trying To RAISE THEIR CHILDREN, R ALREADY OVERWHELMING! @GOP & T's "MEAN"
& MONEY-PIT #AHCA IS STRAW THAT WILL BREAK AMERICAN FAMILIES' BACKS! ALL Of U.S. CAN'T AFFORD 2 KEEP SUPPORTING MILLIONAIRES/BILLIONAIRES!
Like when you sabotaged single payer?
Diane, ACA crashed and burned before Trump. Let's be clear on that. Move on and be part of solution.
Stand strong and do not repeal The Affordable Care Act...thank you!
Exactly the opposite "ma'am ", your wrong again as usual
Filled emergency rooms with sicker people. SHAME ON MCCONNELL!
You feel Obamacare would be sailing along just fine w/o GOP acts. I see.
That's another falsehood considering their has been no bill presented and the democrats haven't even seen the bill . Lies
All b/c partisans, spec interests & extremists clog arteries of democracy. Manipulate it. Time for majority rule to get US back on track.
Exactly why DEMS need to push back w/plan to save AHC.

Put it out there b4 MCcconel passes anti-HC bill in middle of night.
Senator,might I add, middle class taxpayers? 45 is looking out for the wealthy.
Yet, your office is telling me that you prefer "collaboration" with GOP on this rather than halting senate business.
This sabotage is Malfeasance!
2/2 you might end up as a pariah to your party in the moment, but history will remember you as the one who stopped the bleeding for America.
When are you going to show us the proof for all this money and time you've wasted on a bogus investigation???????
1/2 Senator, I believe you are one of the few honest Democrats left. If you set the example and show a real willingness to heal this country
Interesting analysis.  Of course, Obama care is imploding on its own, and not one Democrat will cross the aisle and compromise to stop it.
Show us the proof of anything you make a lot of lies and accusations but you never show any proof to America
Hypocrite
In advance ACA subsidies created a problem for many when they went to pay taxes and discovered they needed to pay subsidies back.
ACA already increased costs for families and taxpayers, plus drastically reducing individual choice. Work WITH GOP to roll that back.
Bottom line Republicans are heartless and see health as a privilege for the privileged   Healthcare is a RIGHT for ALL
Is sabotaging your favorite word? What's your plan? I haven't seen a single Democrat plan yet! But I never saw the ACA plan until it passed.
After it passed I learned I couldn't keep my plan. Also, couldn't keep my doctor. As well as my premiums increase to $700 from $153 a month.
Promised I would pay less. Learned that $716 billion taken from Medicare to help pay for ACA. That money will mean less benefits in future.
But wasn't the ACA already doing that? Brad Paisley and Carrie Underwood Perform 'Obamacare by Morning' https://youtu.be/NRP8Do-IyRU  via @YouTube
"Democratic Caucus refuses to change ACA" source Wall Street Journal ,June 16 2017
Is this not>abuse>power?how can it b>due process does not apply?Clearly this is a process that takes place in>fascist country.@jeffsessions
How about DOING YOUR JOB and HELP make it better?????
How can she help make it better when the dishonest corrupt repubics are locked behind closed doors and won't let Democratics participate?
The only people who can afford the affordable care crap is those who dont have to pay for it. U know stop the lies
You call yourself a leader. And what exactly do you do except tweet what no one believes.
And where is your idea to fix?
Wrong--people pay enough taxes now...look at your own state...broke.
You Democrats sabotaged Obamacare when you passed it. It has been a disaster, you can blame the GOP all you want, but YOU STILL OWN IT!
What are you doing to support #MedicareForAll ?
WADR, ALL Of U.S. R Supporting MILLIONAIRE/BILLIONAIRE @GOP Congress! They WILL NEVER FEEL OUR ACHES/PAINS, Nor CARE! GREED Is Their CREED!!
45 & the GOP always try and screw the middle class, it never fails! They are all bought & paid off by lobbyist & big donors! SAD
do whatever it takes to stop this!
ACA was doomed as written.  This admin. Has nothing to do with it.
That needs to be clear to the public! no advertising of aca and has trump stopped the mandates? That is ashame! I want hearings on the ahca
Point is 2 suck existence out of poor people so @GOP dont have 2 deal with them/me.But I'll b here til all @GOP unseated
Prove Pres Trump is behind that.  It is the resistance of the Dems. NOT Pres Trump. Obama care failed. Dems drove that rate hike!!
That was Obama's schedule AND if Dems argue it would take longer... Not Trump's fault!  Unfair politics. Fake message.
Plus you don't know what's in his Action.
trying to accomplish a goal or task endeavor so on
about it,...i would write it as laws of balances, people fighting each other is fundamentally and physically nonsensical when
that becomes a viscous cycle that produces the least results for both types of party, some philosopher might have written
yes also from the outside it becomes gross human life economics,when one administration goes in to destroy the work of another
The People of California want #BernieCare. #SB562
The Seniors & working class in this country are about ON their knees, financially, & we NEVER depended on govt. until time. I'm UPSET!
Then you tell me WHYthe House decided that as angry & worried as Americans are, they felt it necc. to hash it out & vote on it BEHIND DOORS!
Bankruptcy, less care, reduced affordable Care and RX and shorter life vs wealthy. True Death Panels.
Senator, I phoned your office today & Senator Harris' urging you 2 withhold consent & filibuster by amendment 2 stop AHCA. Take your power.
Also hurts small business owners!!!
Deplorable.
It's done on purpose.  So much for taking care of the people.  Thanks for fighting for us
4000 amendments in the hopper all amendments to the AHCA
Sen. Trump doesn't want to stop Russia investigation. He doesn't want comey's good friend running invest.on him. Was a set up.Think about it
The ACA has meant extraordinary health insurance cost increases for Americans
Have you looked at premiums for the ACA also try finding a doctor that's accepts it, time for a change.
How can congress do this? Democrats MUST shut this down, AND go on TV MEDIA.TELL THE PEOPLE! SHOW THEM WHAT GOP BILL SAYS. TELL PEOPLE 2CALL
It's already way too high. Quit lying. Picking winners & losers was completely Un-American. But, you wouldn't know the difference lady.
HaHaHaHa....Affordable Care Act.....laugh every time I hear it.
Dianne. What planet do you live on?
You're right, as always but the GOP doesn't care about working class Americans. They want tax cuts & the insurance companies want profits.
Amending needed eliminating NO!
It also burdens the self employed. Hospitals tack on as much as 10K to help the homeless and you have to pay if. So wrong.


You've done nothing to make living in California affordable. Just look at your home town of San Francisco higher cost of living then NYC
Please stop calling it Affordable? It's unaffordable for the true middle class: people with an income between $45K and $90K (in CA).
That's what Trump said he would do.
I was almost killed in the Park bombing of the police station just walking by.  Do you care about Californians who are dying from terror?
Chesimard hangs out in Cuba.  Ayers lives in Illinois.  Why the support and glorification of radical left terrorists?
You guys sabotaged it when you implemented it you knew it would fail when you passed it you had to pass it to see what was in it dumb 
It was failing on roll out, you are just too Blind to see it!
If a rich democrat is crying foul it's because somebody is threatening their wallet. You fat cats had 8 years and accomplished nothing
Once again demanding to talk to Republican senators. Really!! Either get in or get. Quit playing the role of making nice with everyone.
Come off it Feinstein, you said nothing when Obama forced a Scam Of Obamacare on us, You & Others have destroyed our med. insurance.
You are GOVERNMENT get out of business
I agree with you. The GOP should leave it alone and let it die. America was force fed a bucket of bullshit by you people.
#fakenews #propaganda #rhetoric #bloodonyourhands
No the GOP is meeting in secret committee to craft it without Dem input. It is ridiculous
I'm going to add the dems are the saboteurs
Speaking of taxpayers I am sure we do not want our tax dollars spent on foreign Nationals that sneak into our country
President Snowflake wants to dismantle everything Obama made so he can make sure all of his friends can make even more money #CovFefe
Also, he's undoing Obama Era legislation just because his followers are stupid & don't like anything Obama did simply bc "Obama did it"
Donnie is doing a good job
How can you make any statement about AHCA u tweeted earlier that u haven't seen the Bill #LiarLiar
I remember Obama saying costs would be reduced by $2500. We all know that's was a lie. Why should the people believe you?
They don't hear u yet but they will
He doesn't care because with his family money they don't have to worry about paying for healthcare like a lot of people here in America!!
That is the furthest matter from Trump's small selfish little mind Senator.
DeDe, I thought you were happy when the court system puts checks on the Presidency?
Preventative care is soooo much cheaper that a health crisis. Obamacare makes $ense!
#SaveACA
Obamacare was a proven scam forced upon Americans with lies from Obama. It has ruined our medical insurance.
The ACA wasn't doing that already?
You're right, we do need single payer!
GAAAAA! NOOOOOOO!
You miss the point. Tax cuts for the wealthy.
Thank you for working for us! Keep it up!
.@SenFeinstein @sfchronicle So it would be exactly the same as ACA! #HigherCost #TaxpayerBurden
The GOP is like an arsonist calling the fire department to say someone set the house on fire
The @gop has no fingerprints on the failing ACA. Not one GOP vote for ACA
I thought Insurance companies were going to start ensuring people again.
Senator Feinstein has her crystal ball working. Wow I thought we were going to save money.
Senator, please do all you can to stop, stall the AHCA. Save the ACA!
Isn't there something legally do against Mitch? His leadership is Coercive and Avoidance. Isn't there something?
How's this legal? It's an attack on American citizens.
The Affordable Care Act is Imploding and you and your other feet draggers are letting it. You need to go home and retire.
Thank you for being so vocal about healthcare & the shenanigans POTUS is pulling over the Russia investigation!
trying to Railroad our president. with this Russia lie that you created, because liberals  just can't get over crooked Hillary losing.yes
I wish everyone would get it already. ....GOP DOES NOT GIVE A SHIT!  Sry, no disrespect to you my dear!!
#recklessGOP2017
