They pledged their loyalty to @realDonaldTrump and $$$. This is why they won't answer questions
Agree!
Can't they be charged with contempt of congress?
They could have been at the time. I'm not sure about after the fact. Senate lost ground in future hearings unless they get more serious
Gross oversimplification. 
You're jumping to conclusions.
The NatSec guys have good reasons for clamming up.
Just a chess move; not loyalty.
Could you explain?
Left it in the air. And O'Donnell hasn't mentioned it yet. I'm thinking maybe it was fake news & they were tricked so they stopped short.
Revealing evidence during an investigation:
- compromises sources
- reveals methods
- alerts suspects
So, they only discuss in secret.
NOW
I don't trust the admiral.
Word on the street he was going to be fired by clapper and that he took off and met with trump didn't tell his still boss obama
That was reported in detail on @maddow or @Lawrence
Gotta love Rachel
Both of them need to be held accountable. It was a simple ? Did Trump ask u 2 interfere? As President his position makes it a command.
I am anti trump and I think you sound like a crackpot
When are they going to put this RUSSIAN investigation to rest? Enough already!
Because they are trumpers. They support trump over the country or congress
And other NSA people that know more.
I heard a No means Yes when dealing with liars. Or a refusal is omitting when dealing with Politicians.
Why don't you do something about it and stop whining?
let's start with if it's found out that u lied u too will be prosecuted. When they know they have something 2 lose the truth will come out
#TAXRETURNS=COLLUSION
Did #JamesComey get an immunity deal from his buddy #RobertMueller? Americans want to know.
They will get fired,senator,
Get off your ridiculous obsession. You need replacing as do many others. Power corrupts
Maybe because Obama did the asking.
Go get those answers, Senator Feinstein! @SenFeinstein @mandy1965
They might if they had closed doors for their testimony.
It's called a subpoena. Use it! And hurry up! The longer you guys screw around, the more time Trump has to destroy our country! HURRY UP!
Trump has Time on his side. We must move now, he knows it will take forver to go through courts to stop him.
He will be there for 8 years. ..by which time you might just might have gotten over if. Pathetic nasty bunch
Here we go again. What part of PRESIDENT Trump is not under investigation and did nothing wrong do you not understand?
Because they arepolitical republiconhacks who don't want the clown to fire them.
#ContemptofCongress #RuleofLaw  #AbuseofPower #SCRUPLES4RUBLES  #GOPDONTGIVEAF0CK #GOPPAIDOFF #CompromisedPresidency  #TrumpCartel
Write them letters and ask them.
They said they would in closed session. Why won't Republican chair schedule one?
Good grief! Call for an investigation on the Royal Clintons & Hillary's multi-million dollar uranium deal with Russia? Do your job.
They likely have russian loans as well.
And what was today's closed door meeting w/NSA director about? Were you there?
sometimes you have to go with your gut, Senator, and mop up the details later. Is bear in room that looks, acts, walks and smells like bear.
Don't ask why as if you're powerless. Subpoena, hold in contempt. You've got the power to compel. Use it ASAP.
I think that's a matter of fact at this point. Not sure why they didn't confirm it. Maybe there's way more to this and they're gonna drop 
Session maybe willl follow the lead of the Intellegence agencies and simply not answer.
I thought we had a Democracy. It seems Republicans care more about Trump than Country
Because they either have misguided loyalties, or it is a classified part of an investigation.
They eluded they would not in public session. So, ?? 
Go there! @MarkWarner @SenatorBurr 
#trumpRussiaCoverUp #ObstructionOfJustice
Democrats needs to get off their ass and do something
Can you hold them in Contempt of Congress since there is no legal basis for them not to answer.
So Feinstein, what did the one say tonight???
The fact that they won't tell you means the answer is "yes." They say it's classified. If he hadn't, there would be nothing classified.
#trumprussia #MangoMaggot #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #TrumpRussiaCollusion #GOPcomplicit #TrumpCorruption #LiarInChief #Failingtrump #RussiaGate
Oh you know the answer.
You are MY @SenFeinstein & already KNOW answer is YES. Stop F*cking around, Senator. Stop talking about HRC & Lynch & focus on TREASON!
U Dems. Are nothing but fools.
It's a cult Senator. You're watching a dangerous corrupt cult take over the WH, Senate and House! #Cult45
Contempt of Congress, jail the bastards.
If the answer was no I'm certain they would have responded.
Because the answer could only be yes !!!
Good try Diane, aren't you complicit if u don't exercise the power of Senate Oversight hold the in contempt. Why don't u answer that ?
There's no consequence for lying so why will he tell the truth?!  Lying is the constant and accepted.
HINT: They don't respect you Diane or the the oath they took to the Constitution. When Trump hands the US over to Russia we'll know u asked
Senator, because the answer is yes but they took the loyalty oath.  They should be ashamed, embarrassed &  jailed if they are protecting him
They need to be subpoeaned. My guess is that they know the truth will embarrass or incriminate Trump & won't say it unless compelled.
And why don't you call out the GOP for not pushing them further and holding them in contempt?
Put them under oath and demand answers or a 5th Amendment claim. If refuse to respond, hold in contempt. Time to stop pussyfooting on this.
Agree.
Find both in Contempt, you have the power to do that. Show Strength!! 
I'm sure we'll get the answers before the paddy wagon comes for them.
Time to cite them for contempt!
I believe if the answer was "No" they would have no problem saying it. So that leaves option #2, right?
Loyalty pledge #BacktrackerInChief #DoubleStandards
We already know why. But not telling makes them accomplices.

#AbuseofPower #ObstructionOfJustice #TrumpRussia #BiggerThanWatergate
Hold them in contempt!
Because the truth might hurt
Don't keep playing games. Tiresome and destructive. Subpoena DNI & NSA Dir. @SenFeinstein @MarkWarner @SenKamalaHarris
@SenFeinstein @MarkWarner @KamalaHarris Subpoena both Coats and Rogers. Force them to complete & truthful testimony. No games, you guys.
I see parents threaten to punish their kids but never do it. Their kids are unruly.  No consequence = bad behavior = Trump admin. Period.
Sessions must answer your questions. Trump cannot intimidate witnesses while also not claiming executive priviladege. Good luck tomorrow!
Get a subpoena like STAT! Things r happening so fast & Cheetos 45 is bringing our country down!!! POS he is!
Both Rogers & Coats need to be held in Contempt of Congress. Don't Let Them off the hook or this will become standard practice.
Actually by refusing to answer the questions & not appearing at the closed meeting, they indeed answered those questions. #countryb4party
Also need to know what the hell is happening with Health Care! Go knock on that closed door.
they're scared of him, period! and these cowards have to step down. we need country BEFORE party period WE NEED A HERO
@lajacks13 allegiance to America First, Trump,only when he's right. Hasn't happened so far.
Do not let this go- #impeachTrump
@SenFeinstein Good question Senator. Why weren't they found in contempt of Congress?
Will the committee hold them in #ContemptOfCongress for #refusal to answer despite no claim of #ExecutivePrivilege??
Can you make them answer? Depose them with a lawyer?
Because if they answer truthfully (that he did) the Republican party won't be able to not do something about it.
I want to know if you can charge them with Contempt of Congress, especially since they ducked the closed session.
do what you need to do to get the truth- no one is above the law!
Make them tell you!!!!
The Russian investigations are OVER.  GET OVER IT
And I was almost tricked into believing there might be a single Liberal who has a lick of sense. Not a chance.
NSA never revealed the Russian hack last summer.So they helped subvert the constitutional process of a presidential election violating oaths
All the obstruction talk. #Impeachment's NOT about crime. Doesn't @GOP care #Trump wanted #Flynn/#Russia probe 2 go away instead of justice?
Subpoena their asses ...failure to answer w/o sufficient legal grounds=contempt of ?congress?...jail them...truth will come
They are clearly in Contempt of Congress. Something has to be done about it.
Officials are reluctant to talk because they perceive themselves as intel professionals. Not political. But trust/credibility affects all.
We want answers to FAST & FURIOUS
Yes yes we do. They were promised free lifetime rounds of golf at the Trump course of their choice.
Because Trump told them not to and they don't want to be fired.
Far too egoistic to tell the truth that is why they say nothing
Russian die hards are loyal to Putin
do u not know that had they been asked 2 do an illegal act, they ought 2 have resigned, yes, resigned.  Illegal under Obama or any POTUS
non denial denial = YES   Hello

Robert Mueller can file criminal charges for obstruction against Trump and incarcerate Trump. Using the federal court system. https://twitter.com/RodneyRhodan/status/873739798816542720 …
на глупые вопросы должны быть такие же ответы
Thought they clearly did ???
Biggest gov story of our time (note date) & total msm blackout
Because they are covering for him just like all the GOP
I'm glad, and thankful, that you are asking these questions
They are simply hiding corroborating conversations like Comey had with Trump. They should be forced to answer.
@Lynda143143 Right now, they're brushing up on their obfuscation skills by copying toddlers. "I don't wanna answer your ???'s"
Yes, Dianne, unacceptable that they did not respond.
because they would be charged with criminal acts too
You have the power, Senator. Please use it
If they are refusing to answer, that's your answer...We, American people, know Trump asked them to interfere...#impeach
Can't you subpoena them?
Keep pursuing!! If they aren't corrupt then they are afraid. Neither is good for the country!
Keep persisting Senator! I implore that you start the subpoena processes soon.
Make them answer
was there no follow up in closed session?
Cowards.
@BonnieRenouf Since they did not say that he did not, it should be safe to assume that he did. I think we all know the truth.
Why weren't they found in contempt of Congress?  They themselves acknowledged they had no legal basis.
How long can their charade be tolerated?
You've senator since before disco, your supposed to know how!!!   Shut down and Obstruct until you get answer.  Stop being weak.
Did they pledge their loyalty?
Why aren't they being held in contempt.  If it's not classified, then ANSWER.  Every day this continues, Americans are more anxious.
The  ppl can not ever trust the NSA or the DNI these are dad and dangerous times ... autocracy rising
Their admission is in the fact they refuse to answer. It's a yes or no question. Corruption runs deep in our WH
They haven't even answered that question to you in closed session? Senator, Is there a way to make them disclose this information?
Seems u guys dont know how long these republicans has been plotting this take over. Start investigating even the head figures .nsa cia etc
To see where the money trail leads
TO THE GOOD PEOPLE OF AMERICA THE NEW WORLD ORDER HAS STARTED.
Didn't you learn anything from Comey hearing. No colution. Retire and take meds
How about emails???
Because he did and they are complicit
How are with looking into wasserman Shultz obstruction ? There tapes for that
No your a liar , both testified they weren't instructed to do anything improper, they just wouldn't share privilege conversation with presid
they told you the answer in closed testimony. 
why won't you be honest?
Senate Judiciary needs to hear from Sessions ! #russia
They are being LOYAL and should be in jail for contempt. Maybe they would answer then.
U mean nothing was revealed in closed hearing?
Use your subpoena power!  They are afraid of being fired!  There are no tapes - it's 45's way of intimidating - total abuse of power
The fact they aren't saying no is your answer
They went from investigating to investigated in 1 sentence. The whole #GOP is complicit in this treasonous act against America to keep power
Yes!!

They can't tell you a lie about nothing.
They probably would if he did that unless they are afraid they broke laws to get the information. Neither would surprise me.
Time to hold them in contempt and jail them
These answers may be needed in a criminal case, and, I wouldn't want prosecutors to tip their hands to Trump lawyers.
cause they don't want you 2 realize their working on making America trumpinfuhers own little fascist dictatorship GOPS helping
I can only hope they know of an investigation taking place and part of the witnesses or can't speak. Seemed though they choose not to speak
We do need them. Go get them! Use the power of a subpoena. Why aren't Democrats doing EVERYTHING possible to stop this administration?
Because maybe they can see you Gov. people talk and do nothing. Unless it destroys lives or makes you a profit. There is a storm coming.
Contempt
Did they refuse 2 say when they were in private sessions do they have that right . Isn't that contempt we  want 2 know @SenFeinstein
Take legal action to get them to talk truthfully!  #Corruption
You got your answer with the Comey hearing...it just wasn't the answer you wanted to hear or that fit your agenda.  Move along now.
You know perfectly well why they refused 2 discuss specifics of their conversations with Trump The real question is why are you playing dumb
Why? Because there has been a coup. Wake up. Fix it. Defend the Constitution from enemies both foreign and domestic. We have both now.
Because he did. It was just Good Ole Boys talk, right?
Well, you gotta pass it to find out what is in it.
Maybe some info garnered by American Spies should be heard behind closed doors? Ya think..maybe?
Their silence pretty much says it all.
Is that entirely honest Senator? Presumably you have answers with your classified security clearance. What are you doing about it? #Resist
Because they are all corrupt.
Thank you Senator!  Keep up the great work.  #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
They are both cowards.
More evidence of R's to afraid for their agenda to stand up for the Constitution.  #CountryOverParty
If these guys won't say anything https://twitter.com/senfeinstein/status/874073456421339136 … What won't Sessions say 
Why won’t DNI and NSA Director even tell us whether Trump asked them to interfere in Russia investigation? We need those answers.
Dont they call this, stuck between a rock and a hard place?
Why?? GOP, that's why!
#GOPutin
Can't we get off the Russian crap and move on fixing our own problems
@walks_o -Absence of their straight denial Prima Facie @SenFeinstein @brucepknight @Maggyw519 @AdamParkhomenko @carreramae @mch7576
So they never told you in private sessions, either?
Supposedly they will answer you in a closed session.
Because they took the "Trump Loyalty Pledge" don't you reckon?
Why?  Because of your stellar record of actually doing something positive for the people who elected you? Epic Fail!  Try again.
Did Trump use executive privilege?? Go get 'em, DiFi!! we
There are scared of trump.
Closed session I would hope all was told
I get what happened, but don't get why. R Coats/Rogers protecting Trump or playing the long game to catch him? No legal reason not to ans Qs
They did. Any answer but "no" is a yes.
Thus 45s TWEET "GOOD luck" to Comey , when U know what Ur Guilty of U KNOW what your up Against,know how to PREPARE loose lips sink ships
Thank you Senator Feinstein for being our voice.
The channel to impeach takes too long. Trump is going to use that against us. Please get more aggressive
Hold in contempt, Senator.
