Just women's rights are getting tossed under the bus.
how about tax reform that gives more money back to the people who earn it? All of us don't get govt. contracts to sell post offices.
You are all full of pride which is a deadly sin. Each and everyone of you should be ashamed of yourselves. Both parties bringing country dwn
Thank you
Get rid of or lower taxes on pension payouts for retirees. State & fed. taxes are killing the elderly. Think of it as a reward for saving.
We The People will not support it either.
Why not?
I bet 5 Dem women Sens & 5 GOP women Sens could work together to draft a truly bipartisan HC Bill!
10 women doing the job 13 men couldn't!
You people will NEVER support ANYTHING that makes the republicans look the least bit successful. Doesn't matter if it's good for us or not
So basically you'll support nothing ?
Reform , aka tax reduction for the top 10%
Thank you for your leadership
We have to keep fighting for our good-liness, our families, our democracy, liberty and justice for all just like CONSTITUTION reads.
@SenFeinstein urgent- hearing that if day 10 of Sanctions Bill falls on when congress officially recessed, that it's nullified. Is this true
http://www.newsweek.com/can-trump-veto-block-or-delay-bill-russian-sanctions-643526 …
Sanctions Presented to: WH July 28th
Congress goes on recess: 3rd Week of Aug (Aug 11?)
Aug 11 is second week.
Despite the fact that these entitlements will go bankrupt in the near future Diane?  Really, are you unwilling to even acknowledge reality?
We aren't supporting anything GOP is doing time for an all out put up or move out of the way campaign .Dems and GOP better pay attn
So dems support fiscal chaos
Thank you
Not one cent for his Racist Wall.
You've always fought for The People. Thank you!
Thank you!! Republicans want to take what we all paid for years ago!!
We would use less water.  Consider tax reform as protecting the environment.  Less people.
What's the point. If no one will do anything about the criminals in the WH and in the Cabinet( which most you confirmed), America won't last
Thank you.
Thank you. We agree.
Should have been thinking about that while Obama & rest of U Dems ran up 10 trillion in national debt.  More bluster from the millionaire
You senators have invested in yourselves before the contributing Americans for long enough you're done you'll see your messages always lies
You have endangered ss Medicare and Medicaid for decades... and this will likely destroy our country.
Yeah save the biggest welfare programs. That awesome.. You statist
We are $20T in debt.  You sing "investments" while Rome burns.
Sounds like the president should just pull the plug on funds for ACA and see what you will do.
So basically @SenateDems have no interest in a balanced budget. Because those programs should never be touched in the first place.
here we go...the next phase of RESIST.  The DEMS are incorrigible!
Thank you.
@realDonaldTrump his destroying our country and our future NOT MY PRESIDENT traders need to be punished Americans deserve justice
Let's be real, senate democrats will not support anything proposed be republicans
Omg what else is new Diane
Thank you!

Bring on the Tax Reform and the fight!! Your afraid that your party will be proven it really celebrates dependency and not freedom
Doesn't inaction threaten those same things? Don't you think instead of political theater working together would be more useful?
Thank you!
If you're going to mess with it, give me back what I put into the system - tax free!!!!!!!
So basically you don't support tax reform. Which is a big reason the middle class can't afford #California
Trump and republican tax reform reduces taxes on very rich and raises taxes on poor with no social services mid class will be destroyed
No amount of disownership will work. They birthed it and they own it. #obamacare is #caca
Go ahead old 1 start your tweeting and scare people like U always do
Take a nap Dianne! You don't look so good!
No you just support a murdering crazy woman named @HillaryClinton
Ma'am just keep ripping off the hard working Americans you're good at that
Also not one that lowers taxes on wealthy and raises them on the middle class
Thank you!
Thank you!
Thank you Sen. Feinstein!
Do you seriously want Trump's presidency to succeed, despite all you know?? (Andrea Mitchell show today)
So you are not interested in removing fraud from Medicaid? Oh that is right, they are votes for you.
you will only support taking more of our pay checks and wasting are money. All you know how to do is raise taxes!
Put the money back in Social Security that Congress borrowed from it
You mean your limited future
My husband & I depend on SS and Medicare. We worked and paid in for 50 yrs. This is NOT an entitlement or welfare. It is an EARNED benefit!
How about u all start working toward impeachment? Starting 2 think u are part of the problem 2? Y are allowing DB Don to remain in office?
Neither will we #RiseAndResist in peace !
#TheResistance and thank you Senators!
And don't forget Dianne, protect your illegals first.
Stick to your ideals.
You seem desperate.Do you have any ideas of your own or it is just block block and block?-at any cost to our country- so you feel powerful?
Hold firm. Keep organizing. Let Dems stand FOR something!
When this woman speaks I know actions will follow. Thank you for investing your overtime to my parents and grandmother's well being.
It's ok. You don't have the majority anymore.
You would support anything that would help the middle class, screwed in taxes, screwed in healthcare...
soccer moms toast to you
CBO needs to score how much Trump & fam financially benefit from DJT's bogus "tax reform." YOU MUST STOP TRUMP from lining his own pockets.
Thank you!
But you will support funds the go to Sanctuary cities illegal immigrants Medical Care and for foreign Nationals you're just about to vote
So Senator if you had a bill that all senate and congress members had to pay for their own insurance would you vote for it
U r harming us the tax payers.  Why r u so mean and yet protect illegal aliens?
That's not even being an obstructionist that's just threatening. More like blackmail. Throwing a fit. Throwing a democratic
Good! Hang tough on important tax reform issues!
Thank you for keeping up the fight.
Slogan for Dems, "Rebuild the American Dream: Single Payer & Jobs, Jobs, Jobs"
Senate Dems will not support tax reform that requires their supporters to #WORK.
Thank you.
thank you for standing up for all Americans. the party of old white men has shown its true colors. they are afraid. keep the pressure on.
Senator, whenis trump going to sign the sanctions bill? He is just stalling!!
Thank you!  May God bless you all for this...we the people will remember come November 2018/2020...
Nobody expects the Democrats to support anything that the GOP support. You're blowing hot air
WATCHING NOW, U.S. Senate Floor, Debating Speech on F.B.I. Director Nomination ,Christopher Wray
Corps reduced employee hours so they wouldn't have to fund health care leaving ppl in a bad situation. So they should have to pay by taxes.
Please don't engage in #taxreform discussions that don't include how to use taxes to fight #climatechange.
You'd better support something that reduces the cap gains surtax. It has a disproportionate impact on the urban middle class.
Thank You!
In other words, No Tax Reform.  Thanks for nothing Senator.
You go Senator!
WATCHING NOW, U.S. Senate Floor,
DEBATE ; Speech on F.BI. Director Nomination of Christopher Wray, Watching Now
SenateDems WILL NOT support, tax reform, health Reform, Job reform, infrastructure reform, energy reform, immigrants reform, voting fraud...
For sure! I've paid in more then I will get back if I live to 100!
Thank you, Senator Feinstein and Senate Democrats for standing up to protect these vital institutions.
Say it LOUD!
TY to my Senator!  Thank you for continuing to fight for us.  I'm rly wondering how to mobilize a cross country march to DC with torches.
Why don't you tell the public about all of congresses benefits that you get that the normal person doesn't know about.
Thank you, Senator Feinstein.

What do you support besides Lining your own pockets with money.
We support this !
bravo!
Agree.
THANK YOU SENATOR AND YOUR DEMOCRATIC COLLEAGUES.
We know you won't support anything.  That is a given
PLEASE confront the OBVIOUS international criminal suspect RIGHT in Trump's cabinet.
https://twitter.com/_sirtainly/status/838833021272932355 …
For the love of God
2:
Well..we surely all have ignored that Trump's new Commerce Secretary is probably a Russian money launderer!
…
