I appreciate the sentiment, but it is time for the @SenateDems to start fighting fire with fire. Obstructionism on principle
Dems are powerless now LOL they have no fire to fight with! GO TRUMP!!!!
Lots of things they can do to gum up all the works on capitol hill when 60 vote thresholds are needed.
McConnel can pull the Nuclear Option thanks to Harry Ried and he will need be they can delay....
the nuclear option only applies to non-SCOTUS picks. He pulls that option and Dems can use in future
Dems can delay but they have no chance of stopping Trumps picks
We are all Americans, we need to come together in support of Pres. Trump & stop division!
no thanks. #resisttrumptuesday
Your pro-Trump voting record is 100%. You should be recalled. #DumpDianne
It's a temporary ban of citizens from countries with no govt. in place.  I don't want to live next door to ISIS, do you?
Yes, it discriminates against those who'd come here to rent trucks and mow people down...
blatantly not, if you understand the English language.
I hope the next terrorist doesnt strike someone in your family or you. If it happens, it's on you!
We'll ban whomever we like Senator...
Thanks for fighting for the people.
VOTE NO ON SESSIONS!!
WE all know these 7 countries have unstable governments, no screening in place, WE are changing that to protect US, problem?
do you think Sessions will uphold the #MuslimBan? Vote no, please!
We reg. refugees from the ME since GB I in 1990. You said nothing then.
Thank you for this action.
I stand with you Sen Feinstein against discrimination.
girl get DIRTY and MEAN!! We NEED you right now!!! Roll up those sleeves and punch!!!
You must vote no on Sessions.
You should treat your future Attorney General with more respect ...  And, please, don't EVER bet on horses ... 
God bless you, continue to speak the truth fearlessly!!
U Senators and Reps pile on denouncing #TempRefugeeBan now, & DID NOTHING on Obama Polices that got us here!
you dont have the political power anymore.  Your side lost.. More than half of the American people support the ban.. Old fool
Senator Feinstein, how was Stephen Bannon able to assume a seat on the NSC without the advice or consent of the Senate?
Great question? So it really is just two faces,same monster in government. #NOFASCISTUSA #RESISTANCE #NoBanNoWall
I personally support the ban 100%!
he detained 109 people.  The outrage!

#FakeTears
.@SenFeinstein will you withhold consent on the Sessions nomination tomorrow?
Stop lying...7 countries have a travel ban until vetting from those countries can be corrected. You don't want to protect us?
Thank you, Senator.
Go Honorable Feinstein!
in addition to these bills you should vote against Senator Sessions for AG- the man is the epitome of hate
BRAVO THANKS SENATOR FROM CALIFORNIA
thank you for your strong words and actions against this EO! Keep it up!
confused as to why you are continuing to vote in line with his policies
Thank you! Trying to call yr office- you need better system so we can call you. All busy or full voicemail.
#WasteofTime  #DemocratSoreLosers
#stopsessions #StopTrumpNow  VOTE NO
Read the order you're opposing. You obviously have no clue what it says.

@misscecil are you running for something? That's usually the only time you do anything productive
Thank you. As one of your constituents, and as an American.
YOU CHICKEN DEMS CAN'T EVEN WIN A VOTE IN THE SENATE!! YOU DEMS ARE REAL LOSERS!!!!
I agree - I also believe that similarly discriminatory actions will occur within our borders if Jeff Sessions becomes AG. Please vote no!
No one hears you!!!!!!!!!! Because you don't have a voice anymore!!!! Your voice was voted out!!!!! Deal with it!!!!!!!!!!!
HMM So you won't ever forget the child how many have you opened up your home to? How many live in your neighborhood?! #Traitor
BLAH BLAH BLAH

We must tighten loopholes in the Visa Waiver prgm, ensure passports can’t be faked & stop terrorists who want to exploit the system.
Speaking of blatant discrimination...any chance you're saying NO to Jeff Sessions as Attorney General?
And what are the Democrats doing @SenFeinstein I'm one fed up Democrat.
Then VOTE NO on Sessions. Please
good luck with that. You didn't a problem with Barack Obama's immigration policy in 2011 did you? You're a hypocrite.
Oppose all Trump's nominees and filibuster the SC nominee
Please do not vote for Sessions.  Do not hold any hearings until the president reverses the Muslim ban.
thank u for pushing back against the bully Donald Trump. We need ur support as a lawmaker. We need 2 feel r voices r heard
Senate should stand together to oppose every nomination the president makes until this order is rescinded.
Jeff Sessions is implicated in investigstion of Page/Russia. He can not be confirmed
Why have you been voting for Trump's nominees?
The president's nomination of #BetsyDeVos should not be supported. As a California voter I ask you to VOTE NO to #BetsyDeVos.
Also Feinstein another senator who shows us clearly why we need term limits & Pelosi Schumer Lindsey Graham &McCain so many 2 lil characters
Then why did you rubber stamp all his nominees? Also, answer your phone.
& look how happy Diana looks now that her hubby git special contract from gov Brown 2 build his speed rail that Californian don't want!
STOP VOTING YES ON TRUMPS CABINET PICKS.
Then vote no on Sessions.  (202) 224-3841 (DC), (415) 393-0707 (SF), (310) 914-7300 (Los Angeles), (619) 231-9712 (San Diego)
Jeff Sessions was an architect of this illegal order. Please oppose his nomination.
Thank you!
I am a constituent. Vote against Sessions! He's a proven bigot and your constituency will be forever scarred by his actions
100 percent pro-Trump voting record so far? You should be recalled. #DUMPDIANNE
Senator: I have had your back since you were my Supervisor and Mayor. I cannot continue if you vote 'Aye' on Sessions or DeVos
Please do all you can, including withholding consent, to stop the Muslim ban, DeVos, Sessions, and Pruitt appts.
did you respond this way to Obama in 2011??
if it's really a Muslim ban - why is it on only 7 countries?  Why is it temporary?   Hmm
Still peddling fluffy threats with no teeth just like u were when I was a dem. UrAllTalk&YouKnowIt #NowOnTrumpTrain #YouLost
.@SenFeinstein Thank you for standing up to this illegal, un-American order. The people of California will not stand for this. #NoBanNoWall
Keep making we Californians proud Dianne..Perhaps you should ask an aide to read you the definition of 'MINORITY'..that's YOU!
Diane Feinstein has put Americans in danger.
If you truly feel this way, vote no on Sessions.  Prove it.
then vote no on sessions if you are worried about discriminatory practices. Or do we need to get some else who will?
How can you posture and pose like that when you've voted with Trump 100% of the time?
Show your opposition with votes.  You're literally the Democrat who has voted with Trump the most.

Welcome symbolism. Now do something concrete: vote AGAINST #FakePresident aka @realDonaldTrump's remaining agency nominees!
Find it absolutely scary that the white House is broadcasting on Donald Trump News. People liking it on FB?
IDK
thank you Sen Dianne for standing up for humanity! I am an American, a San Jose resident, a father and an immigrant muslim.
seeing how you vote in line with "45" I will ask you not to run again. If you do I will do everything to get voters against u!
Also: vote NO on #DeVos & #Sessions!
Grow a backbone will you. Any votes cast for these people amounts to a betrayal of the people. STOP voting for them.
so stop voting for his cabinet picks. STOP enabling them.
If you are truly against the #MuslimBan, you must vote NO on #Sessions!
Didn't Obama temporarily suspend immigration from these same countries too?
Good luck getting them passed You Libtard!! No chance
Are Trump's exclusionary, bigoted, unconstitutional actions Impeachment-worthy? At the least it should certainly prove him unfit to lead...
Thank you for introducing bills to overturn the unconstitutional and cruel executive order against refugees and others.
You have my support!
then why do you vote the way you do?
congrats on being the only Democrat who was voted 100% with Trump so far! I mean wow! Seriously, WTF?
our President Trump is fulfilling his campaign promises, Past presidents made same promise.
It wasn't discriminatory when Obama, Bush, Clinton did it. Why now. What a sham you are. @SenateMajLdr Stop her she is danger
I voted for you and now I'm watching you very closely. Vote NO on everyone one of these horrible cabinet picks!
Thank you @SenFeinstein for your voice and action. 
- Sincerely, your constituent
Stop voting to confirm every pick he makes, then. You're the only Dem to do so, and if you don't change your mind...
I am a constituent. Why can't I reach any of your offices to voice my opinion? Calls go straight to recorded msg-no vm option.
Thank you for standing up for us. Please stand strong in your commitment to Vote No on Sessions
@NancyPelosi  thank you for standing up for what is right. #Noconfirmations Block ALL nominations. Stop Trump he's is #INSANE
Thank you for taking a stand against Trump's illegal and un-American actions
Thank you Senator Feinstein for fighting this EO! #NoMuslimBan
senator, please vote NO on sessions. he is unable to be fair--it's been proven in the past.
Thank you. And vote no on Sessions.
Thank you. And please vote "No" on Sessions.
THANK YOU For standing up to this dangerous, ignorant, out-of-control man and defending our American Dream.
STOP VOTING WITH PRESIDENT
Please DO NOT vote to approve Jeff Sessions, Senator!
Thank you! Please keep your voters updated on the progress of your bills. We are being misled with #alternativefacts
Records showing you are regularly voting in line with Trump!?!?!? Is that true? Vote NO on ALL appointments. #NoBanNoWall #ImpeachTrump
Vote no on Jeff Sessions as Attorney General.
Thx for bill but I don't think Sessions would support it. Demand 30 hours of debate then vote no.
Do not confirm another radical Trump nominee. You are woefully out of step with CA voters. Retire already
can you vote no on @SenatorSessions while you're at it? You bills sound hollow otherwise.
.@SenFeinstein Please vote NO ON SESSIONS.  He has his markings all over these Orders.
Maybe you should, you know, also stop voting to approve all his nominees.
cannot get through on the phone. VOTE NO on Devos and Tillerson!
thank you so much for introducing these bills! Please also vote no for Jeff sessions.
Love the bills from @SenFeinstein to stop the #MuslimBan What's the plan to stop #Bannon? #BannonOut
You support Islamic supremacy and terrorism in our country. YOU ARE A TRATIOR
Vote no on Sessions. We have your back!
stop supporting @POTUS nominations! You are literally the worse dem and his biggest supporter. Thanks! 
we need you to block Sessions vote in committee tomorrow. Californians are counting on you. Tell us how we can help.
YES, AND STOP VOTING FOR *ANY* OF HIS TERRIBLE NOMINEES!
@SenSanders @realDonaldTrump no one in their right mind support a racist agenda! #45 is not helping no mend, just dividing!
I just called the office of @SenFeinstein to register my opposition to the fascist Trump regime, but the voice mailbox was full.
Thank you, from SoCal.  I am counting on you to take action.
impeach Trump now
Thank you for trying to stop fascist's from taking our rights away!
White supremacists running the White House, unbelievable.
Please support a second Sessions hearing to address the Executive Order and the administration's response to court orders
thank you!!!  We need you to fight for us!  Fight everything!  from San Diego
thank you Senator for taking action!
.@SenFeinstein I hope this means yr voting record will start resembling someone in opposition to this dangerous administration #NoBanNoWall
Obama passing the same order was not discriminatory?
#PhoneoffTheHook
Thank you sentator!  You are doing a great job - keep it up!
This is a good first step, thank you.
Next deny confirming the Krazy Kabinet
Finally impeach
Thank you for your activism. You have the standing to hold Trump admin to account. Save our democracy and our values. Bravo.
Quit voting for Trump nominees.  What the hell are you thinking?
Speak out in public! Do not support any if his appointees!
Trump has just put a bullseye on my daughters back, fighting in Iraq for the United States! This ban is implemented incorrectly! God help us
When you take a refugee family into your home then talk to me until then shut up!!
Thank you so much for introducing this legislation.
stop supporting him or you're gone
Congratulations, you're the most pro-Trump Democrat in the Senate. https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/congress-trump-score/ …
you have voted  % yes for every Donald Trump appointment. Why should anyone trust you. Shame. Retire
Then why are you voting with him??!!  Stop!
Liar. This is the SAME temp ban Obama used. As a rep you represent USA not a political party. Be honest to USA
how about you represent your base for once in your life and stop confirming his nominations?
You’re an enabler who has already demonstrated your willingness to roll over. Grow a backbone.
We the American people do not want your bill.Saudi and Dubai can step IP
proud u represent calif & always on right side of history. Hope u can get republicans to work w U to turn back TRumps EO 
Thank you, I have been waiting for someone to stand up and fight for our country's morals and ethics. You have my support.
You're in the minority party. Filibuster to shut this process down until the EOs are rescinded and Bannon is off the NSC?
Its 1 thing to take the oath of office to "defend & protect". Its another to open our boarders to potential destruction SHAME!
Where were you when obama did basically the same thing.
Thank you What can we do to help the bill?
Then stop voting in line with Trump's policies.
Call (202)225-3121 or if it's busy line call local office.  Tweeting doesn't help much.
i am ur constit.do u agree w/@AJentleson that Dem Senators Shld withhold consent? If not why?i am trying to figur this out
You're a fraud who votes with Trump more than many Republicans do.  The new report is out showing you to be a phony.
U ca't succeed w/this &U know it. U just want 2 assist N creatin FURTHER ANARCHY by those like U but its a new day N Congress!
Why are you at the top of this list? https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/congress-trump-score/ …
The majority of LEGAL Americans despise your ideology & stand united against it and all espousing such anti-American sentiment
WTF?
Is there going to be Senate hearing on Bannon, with his new position?
join us in the streets!
.@SenFeinstein A lot of talk as you collaborate with Trump. You should start packing now because you're not getting elected again.
