I did listen and It was shameful! U showed yourself to be petty and mean spirited. Not a surprise to me but I'm sure to...
...clear thinking democrats it would be classified as a let down.
Good for you Sen. Feinstein. People know that trump only chose Gorsuch because he can or thinks he can control him. Not okay.
You hit all of my concerns! I still say this is a stolen seat that should be handled a la GOP & Garland.
You should thank Joe Biden as it was his rule for President Bush. You do recall he stated no nominees a year out
...just following the rules democrats imposed.
Gorsuch is a good man and a fair man. A vote against him would be for political reasons only.  Dems looking very foolish
so when Garland was not confirmed by the republican Senate would you and your supporters still be whining?
.@SenFeinstein This CA constituent does not support the nomination of Neil Gorsuch. Please put staff on your phones.
He's unfit. Please do what's right and necessary to keep him off the bench, including filibustering if it comes to it.
LOL
Merrick Garland. Trump is a lame duck now since he'll be forced to resign any minute now. #TrumpTreason
Trump treason? Based on anything BESIDES SPECULATION? By that same theory HRC should be in a max security prison!
i really feel that all confirmation hearings should be delayed until investigations of Russia/Trump admin ties are  completed
We are IMPLORING you: how could ANY Scotus nomination by a @POTUS under FBI investigation be considered?
thank you for your tireless contribution to our government for all these years!
No way. The Founders intended what they DEBATED and WROTE. Fed GOVT was NEVER to have the power it does today. CLOWN.
I watched it in real time.It was a real lesson on how you have duped the country for a long time. Don't know how you won seat
Can't watch your opening statement - it's sad and pathetic. So hateful and partisan - you really need to get over it! Tragic!
NO vote until Russian investigation is done
Gorsuch will be a great Judge!
please hearings should stop until the president is not under FBI investigation
oh God snowflake snowflake snowflake you guys are crazy just playing nuts 
I see your twitter name speaks volumes #fool
Makes you wonder how libs made it out of law school without knowing the meaning of the Constitution
But in the meantime you'll continue with the SCOTUS hearing? It can wait. Putin does not get to choose our justices!
i know ur not proud of what u said u embarrass us all
Thank You! All Trump nominees are of same lying cheating cloth as he is. Trust none of them! Filibuster Gorsuch, Impeach Trump
monolithic mindset, truly idiotic statement
Shouldn't even be having hearings during investigation.
Sucks being the minority party huh. If the Dems listened to average Americans, they might not be in the toilet.
Unless his name is Merrick Garland, he's not the real nominee.
U going to be very disappointed, it was BHO that said: elections have consequences!
Democrats  Obama has destroyed our country.  President Trump is trying to fix it! VOTE GOTSUCH
Vote against this nomination...or better yet, all Democrats REFUSE to show up for a vote!
Sick and tired of matching Clinton/Obama agenda rather than the interpretation of the Constitution.
block this far-right pick  he failed to answer real questions about his extreme views. Also, no scotus w/ #russiagate
Stand fast. In solidarity from Shelton, Washington.
Wonderful Senator! You really laid out how dangerous this man is! #WeStandIndivisible
This nominee will be confirmed, thank God,and there is not a damn thing you can do about it. Suck it up, your party is dead.
please retire and go away.
this hearing needs to be delayed until the FBI invest into #Trumprussia is complete. And congress needs a special prosecutor!
I did. Watching you try to school Gorsuch was like a child in school trying to put down her teacher. Felt shame for you.
Constitution a "living document" ONLY through the amendment process, not a partisan, activist SCOTUS.
@IndivisibleEB @YouTube @JudiciaryDems keep the court at six seats until Merrick Garland receives a hearing(period)
originalism is troubling? Do you even know what you're smoking?
No thanks. It's bad enough to see you let alone listen to you regurgitate drivel. We can't enact term limits fast enough.
https://twitter.com/NARAL/status/843860263195623425 … Please STOP him! We're your constituents!
Given today's bombshell in #ComeyHearing, the Senate shld immediately pause their #Gorsuch consideration. Our stmnt:

…
Thank you for a strong and cogent statement. Don't let Gorsuch non-answer, esp. re: Hobby, which is a terrible decision.
WoW Senator you are the greatest! *Absolutely fantastic speech! I am so proud that you are my Senator from California.
I would be absolutely in favor of your abortion. If one could only go back in time.
So want a justice that bends the rules?  Not adhere to the Constitution?
It was the worst.Just another rant by a socialist that has completely abandoned logic
well said, thank you
What she is saying is that the Democrats do not want a constitutional judge.  She says they want an anit-constitutional judge.
I saw it. It was disgraceful.
all I saw was a bitter response.
You were wonderful as usual Senator. Keep fighting on all fronts - trump Russia & scotus nominee.
1st case Gorsuch will decide as SCOTUS justice in April is upholding Trump's travel ban(s). You can start whining now.
You embarassed yourself as expected. Maybe it's time to retire. You've been in power far too long.
What are you saving your energy for? The next apocalypse?
Libs lost the court on Nov 8th. Trump will appoint 1 & likely 2 more. Legislating from the Supreme Court is gone for years.
does it hurt to be that dumb and out of touch with reality?
Watched you on SCOTUS - excellent representation.  Thank you
- The Constitution evolves thru Article V - The Amendment Process. That is the ONLY means to change it.
Senator F. You wouldn't know justice if the statue and the scale fell on you.#hypocrite
yeah I watched your excuse how it took a year and you were disappointed but that's the law last president cannot choose
Sincere ThU 4 this statement.  Sends clear message. U did an outstanding job.
You've gone so far from compass of morality based on Judeo-Christian values our country was founded upon.Another woman failing
#MerrickGarland didn't get a hearing because of standards set by Democrats. #BidenRule
#CryMeARiver
#Gorsuch #SCOTUS
very good William I wonder if anybody would comprehend this but the Democrats shot themselves in the foot 
boo hoo.
#StolenSeat
Indelible etched in history. Well done Senator!
listening to your opening statement would be like taking an emetic
Ignorant, misleading and partisan. Salem trials 1692 - men & women were HANGED. Originalism EMBRACES framer’s intent. 5 Ps!
filibuster the seat; shouldn't have the hearings.
@sfchronicle @washingtonpost #Get tough for #Californians #NinthCircuit depends on it. #WestCoast needs a #SupremeCourt for us
Senator Feinstein, please tell us, your constituents, that you will FILIBUSTER Gorsuch. #92262
Excellent opening statement.  We cannot forget that the deadbeat Republican Congress  failed to give M Garland a hearing
Well done. However if he still gets approved what good are those words?
How are you even still a Senator?
you are an embarrassment who is a perfect example of why term limits are needed. #DRAINTHESWAMP.
Thank you for speaking up for #RoeVWade!
your followers are ignorant , and you are as well.  You're setting the stage for your no vote, we get it. No grow up!!!
Block Gorsuch from stolen seat.
Filibuster the stolen seat!
Maybe you don't understand our system. The senate must confirm. Under Obama the senate did not confirm.
You are BOASTING about this?? Aren't you EMBARRASSED??? Have you no shame???
.  I did.  Totally dishonest.
Hearing need to be suspended pending the investigation into Russia/Trump collusion. Impeachment = no nominee
you guys are a bunch of snowflakes on this feed wow Brad grab a little popsicle and find a pillow and safe place
hows suspending hearing to await a decision on collusion soft? Theres NO mandate for 9 Judges. We're fine now.
#NoTrumpSCOTUS ever!  Just say no to #PutinPuppet
- Thanks.
