He already signed the EO. What happens now?
Congress can #SaveTheACA by passing legislation block the EO & Trump's other sabotage.

Everyone should tell their Rep & Senators to do so immediately.
How does giving Americans increased choice and forcing insurance companies to compete for our business hurt the people?
Until we reduce the price of health care including drug cost we cannot expect your idea to support HC for all.
That is very true.  That is why the ACA was such a horrible idea. It was not about insurance it was about care costs.
ACA has kept healthcare costs lower than they otherwise would be and has allowed >20 million Americans to gain access to healthcare: http://nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMhpr1405667 …. It is saving >24,000 lives / year: http://annals.org/aim/article/1867050/changes-mortality-after-massachusetts-health-care-reform-quasi-experimental-study ….

ACA is not universal healthcare, but it is a very good thing.
If you fear giving citizens the freedom to choose alternative plans to the ACA then the ACA must be very bad. Never fear empowering people.
Empowering people is important but I think you lost focus on the fact that sometimes empowerment need to happen within a structure. Reflect.
It’s a states right issue.  Not a federal matter.  You need to abide by constitution or resign.
Why? Your focus should be on protecting the people not Dem’s bad ideas.
Or we can just get the traitors out of the White House
That was done on when Obama left.
No, you must focus on regulating industries, not becoming industries. It is precisely your lack of focus that got is into this mess.
ACA _regulates the health insurance industry_.

Trump's EO is an attempt to deregulate the health insurance industry, in a way that will deny millions of people access to vital healthcare.

Which is why Congress must #SaveTheACA by passing legislation to block Trump's sabotage.
How does allowing groups of citizens with similar interests or small biz (plumbers for ex) buy group policies across state lines break ACA?
That's not what Trump's EO does - what you described was already allowed.  Trump's EO is designed to allow plans _that don't follow ACA coverage mandates_, and to destabilize health insurance markets.

Thread detailing how this sabotage of ACA works: https://twitter.com/charles_gaba/status/918312614714855424 ….
1/ THREAD: Trump’s signing his EO tomorrow. Here’s how it can destroy the Individual Market: http://acasignups.net/17/10/10/how-trumps-executive-order-could-destroy-individual-market-numbers … #ACASabotage
This analysis was issued two days prior to the release of the EO.  The order doesn't allow individuals to purchase across the state lines.
The EO also discuss HHS exploring regulations that would allow consumers to access short term insurance, subject to parameters of the ACA.
Regulation cant allow healthy people to buy short term insurance without essential benefits  indefinitely.  That wouldnt stand up in court.
Overall the EO will allow small business to find insurance plans at much cheaper rates by grouping together, something Big Biz does now
NO health care for USA should be so ashamed.
I am amazed at how many people want to blame Obama, whilst the insurance and pharm cos. continue to make higher profits. All at our expense.
Once again @POTUS is simply trying to enforce the laws already on the books.  Why is this such a problem?
https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2014/01/14/stateline-obama-health-care/4471957/ …
You broke he is trying to fix your mess. Quit lying.
Thank God. The uber-wealthy, greedy insurance companies NEED to be broken. THAT’S REAL REFORM. Focus on protecting the middle class, bimbo!
We need you to STOP #45 from scraping fed healthcare subsidies. Thank you Senator for all you do.
Says the representative in the pocket of the insurance companies.
News flash! Obamacare is broken. My policy cancelled, new one with same coverage went up $200.  Tell me it's still good. 
Republicans in Congress must act.
What is Congress doing at this point with bi-partisan legislation?
Too late!
Do it
These millions are including @SenKamalaHarris who has came out in support of #MedicareForAll & essentially #SB562 as well! Join us!
President Trump just propped up the ACA today and still you're not happy
Hey Diane, it’s really the UNAFFORDABLE care Act! You are way out of touch with the American people! You should retire.
I thought the ACA was the "law of the land" unless repealed. How does he get away with this?
We wouldn't need a middle man if you gave use what you have. Stop fronting Dianne. You are a Private Servant. Exposed at First AME
We shouldn't have to beg our servants when we pay their doctor bills. Feinstein is more of a threat than Libya
Again fake news senator.
Protect failure? You belong in jail.
Plz do something- he is going to kill me without the ACA and my healthcare I will die. I have preexisting Conditions- what will I do?!!
Time for #Medicare4All @4HealthyCA
Maybe break up the insurance monopolies which would be great
I will never understand why you defend ACA
Because >22 million more Americans are insured. Where have you been?
How is opening the markets going to break the markets!?
Bummercare is terrible. It should have never happened. It needs to be gone
Google Feinstein and her husbands net worth, then someone tell me why they think she cares about middle class health insurance. SHE DOESN'T
So that we can all go broke?  What Obamacare plan do you and your billionaire husband have??  None, right? Let the middle class suffer.
Great news guys hahaha!!!
Really ? Hey those California fires are polluting the whole country. We are in an environmental disaster because the state government....
...has done not near enough to stop this 3 days ago. Now we're crying for Federal help after you passed that sanctuarie krap. Wow !
Can't do worse than what we have now. My premium has doubled in the last 8 yrs.
Dogma, why do you insist on repeating fake news?
well according to some scientist, Yellowstone supervolcano is about to erupt, so does it really matters what happens to the insurance companies?
Very important to maintain a broken law with continuing rise in premiums
And you have to protect your donors. You don't fool us.
Competition is a good thing especially in insurance...
Hospitals, insurance co's and DEMs conspired to reduce competition under ObamaCare.  Now Trump will make them compete....will lower prices.
Um, in case you missed it,  #Obamacare IS broken & you passed it.  Get off Twitter and fix it!
Obama care destruction continues
"break the insurance market"? He's seven years too late!!
So sick of hearing his derogatory references to the previous admin. Ppl do that out of jealousy. Plz @SenFeinstein We need a plan too
Her plan is the middle class can go to hell because we elected Trump. What does she care about our healthcare?  NONE.
Lot of jobs going to be lost in the insurance industry. And then more lost in healthcare. All of them will qualify for unemployment. Great
The #POTUS Admin is trying to help Americans where ur trying to hurt Americans. U have done nothing for Americans. TIME 4 U TO GO. #NOVOTE
Obvious from postings MOST Libs don’t even know key point of EO. Buy insurance from ANY state. Competition lowers prices. Y object to that?
Let the Obamacare POS implode.  It is garbage and a 100% Dem bill
Why would you oppose an alternative to ACA that may help ppl? Might be more affordable for citizens & taxpayers don't have to subsidize.
Journalists must ask GOP how they can b so cavalier in tampering w/an industry that’s 1/6th of the economy?  No hearings or subject experts.
45 plans to break it to smithereens.Jared has an insurance company he wants to step in. It’s all self serving you see
Sabotage!  The rule of law doesn't seem to apply to members of the GOP. Shame!
Pres Trump is doing what he can do by himself since Dems and GOP in Congress refused to do their job to fix Obamacare.  So, now it's failing
God #45 is a pest!
I would love insurance industry to be transformed or end. It is the gold lining of politicians pockets.
when Romney was governor of Massachusetts, they had a similar plan to ACA. Can't California do the same?
What's being done about this EO?
And how do I do that?  How do you do this in our name?  So much talk - so little clout
We must remove Govt from our personal choices to purchase healthcare without extreme Govt intervention
Once again I say "Go for it" or retire...you are a broken record!
You can’t even spell insurance - zero credibility on the issue.
You obviously don't care about the millions of Americans who can't afford their insurance with ACA, there is nothing to protect!!
Trump is issuing executive orders to kill Obamacare—a law passed by Congress. So lawbreaking is illegal, but destroying a law is not? Huh?
Remember that ONE phone Co. Bell South..we opened up competition and capitalism kicks in. Same with health care . So lets report facts
#ImpeachTrump
American people.
The insurance market was broken when you rammed the so called “Affordable” care act down our throats. So stop acting like you care about the
@goldsteinamy This should be challenged in court. ASAP.
Will they help me my insurance  plan LOOK like it's failing me OXYGEN DEPENDING bi. Pad.
Lie.
I would sure like 2 break it as it is totally controlled by gov lackeys
This is a priority.  Health is the first human right that should be protected for Americans.
Yes.  He found a loophole- now it's your turn stop that Order!!!
Yes.  Dem should do their own "Close Rule" and stop the Order.  @POTUS @ dummy @loosescrew
So all you preexisting conditions folks can still keep what you want.  Maybe you will find it across state lines cheaper.  Why would you whine about that?
Yes we must safe ACA so the politicians can continue to rob tax players blind while they build trains to nowhere.
How does allowing self employed plumbers form an association and buy a group policy break ACA.  Big biz buys insurance across state lines.
GOOD
You want it-take off congress' illegal exemption. Then you can have it.
Fix it!  You have had 8 years plus.
Heinestein all 129 of your voters are here
Trump is a spiteful egotist who will stop at nothing to bring about this hateful vendetta against anything Obama -
Oh wait I thought U were talking about me
Anyone knows competition is a good thing.
With health care cost out of control that is not true. HC cost with caps can allow competition to exist.
It's crazy all the crap they have done. Shutting down the site 12 hrs. some days, no help to enroll, critical ads, on & on. Check today NYT
It was that way before. Lol
No what he’s doing is what you guys should have done years ago 
What he did was genius. Opening up the market for competition which will drive premiums down. Too bad he had to take the ball, but he did!
Watch Unemployment Rise.
If it does Trump will blame Obama and Hillary!
Obama care broke the market.
Too late, Senator. Congress needed to stabilize ins. markets. Cheaper plans that cover nothing will be hard to resist. My premium upped 45%.
File a lawsuit before his EO can be put into effect, get the courts to halt it. The law was passed, trump doesn't have the authority.
Can we? I'm getting really uneasy.
You can’t protect what was designed to fail. And, We the People want a Nationwide market that competes for our business.
No we don't, you mean the minority 30% who support him want it. Your out numbered by the majority who want universal HC
They need that Koch $400m and money for tax breaks. Only the donor class matters.
Yes please! As in all other areas, we need to work around Trump to mitigate his hateful agenda & destructive tendencies, until he's gone! 
The ACA is the law of the land any “effort” would be sabotage and dereliction of duty
He’s making it better.  Thank you @POTUS  #MAGA 
He wants to destroy everything. Thanks for updates
Please keep working to protect Healthcare for so many of us...our lives depend upon it.
YES I know  I do
If you love someone with a pre-existing condition, call your Congressional reps!
You have to agree the competition is very good at bringing the price down the ACA was a burden on the people another tax
Please STOP him!!
Breaking 1/6 of our economy. Brilliant. 
#Impeach #Impeach #Impeach #25AmendmentNow Whatever it takes until #JusticeLeague takes them down.
Competition across state lines? Outrageous!! Doesn't he know that completion drives prices down?!
Open the market to competition, watch prices fall. Stop the government from propping up prices.
With 6 bankruptcies under his belt, Trump knows how to break things.  It might be what he's really good at.
At least his is doing something so we can all insurance
Obviously not his idea so who put together this EO for him?
He said he and Ran Paul, but I'm sure it was Paul and Acosta.
Great! What's the plan? #SaveACA
Obamacare already broke the insurance market. ACA is dead in the water and has been a complete sham since day one.
The order he signed today looks pretty bad!
