Why don't ypu start IMPEACHMENT on the 25th Amendment???? That would be Excellent. #ImpeachTrump
Because he didn't do anything wrong, dummy. Impeach a president who has the economy running great, that is stupid. You people suck
P.S. That Michael dude was a bot. Blocked.
How do you know he was a bot?
Please add the word "assist", as in "accelerate  or assist" for clarity. Some think rate of fire doesn't apply to finger pulls.
The bump stock isn't the problem. It's the gun it's attached to.
Just like a dimwitted Democrat.....blame the inanimate object, not the madman behind it. SMH.
That's alright I already ordered a case of them
We'll know where to look when it's time to collect, smart ass. You just raised a hot red flag. Screenshot taken & reported. Putz.
Reported to who...the teacher?   Maybe he will have to stay inside for recess.
Bullshit!!! Ban the damn assualt rifles and limit pistols and ammo and have background checks. Come on!
Define assault rifles? Background checks are conducted, what other laws would you request that arnt allready in place.
Ban killers. Use tech. Figure it out DiFi
@DarrellIssa GET BEHIND THIS, WILL YOU? DO SOMETHING, ANYTHING FOR YOUR PEOPLE.
Only 10? For God's sake, what are they waiting for? Another mass shooting. No one is saying take guns away, be able to stop full auto guns
25% of Americans own guns..that means 75% of Americans don’t,what is so hard about sensible gun laws??
You’re pulling stats out of your ass! Those numbered are backwards
You should do better research
If you're so worried about human beings being killed by guns, why don't you go after @PPact and ban abortion?  They kill 300,000+ per year!
Too little too late.
Before you blame the bumpstock watch this video.
I think you’re mistaken..

https://mobile.twitter.com/iwillredpillyou/status/918340175071268866 …
Keep it up @SenFeinstein @SenSchumer @SenGillibrand
It is nothing but a sacrificial lamb. How about enforcing the laws tha are on the books. You have a ccw
Retire already
So murder will be illegal when?
Time to retire you
It's a sign that we've lost the forest for a brilliant tree! Does anyone know why bump stocks legislation is dumb?
Not one firearm used in any horrific incident in the United States was an assault rifle, please educate yourselves
Progress?
THANK YOU!
You people want to ban bump Fire stocks, but just made it easier for people to spread HIV. Unreal.
No ma'am. Progress would be getting House members to sign to #RepealThe2nd. No bump stocks would not have saved lives.
"...the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed." What part of that confuses you?
That is good news. Press forward!
You do realize that Chicago has the strictest gun laws and the highest gun violence.
#stopthepropaganda
But Senator, how are we coming along with the invoking of the 25th Amendment for a "person" who is mentally unfit to govern this country?
DO NOT RUN AGAIN, PLEASE STEP ASIDE!!!!

out of the way silly
Could you please retire and go away? Thank you.
Thank you.
@Everytown #assaultweaponban
Rats of a sewer swim together!
Hope this brings all end to multiple GUN shootings
How do you expect me to go deer hunting when I can’t unload 10 rounds per second?!
Not really, but it's better than nothing. Unfortunately, that's all they're going to do.
How utterly average of a stance, do something big, you won't have the power forever.
And having RINO's like that- failing to support 2nd Amendment- will mean we will NOT reelect them. We have too many regs as it is.
NFL also agreed to look at this
Dems will never progress like the islamic barbaric tribal radical terrorists they support Dems are still in the stone ages
I want a senator that will flat out say Trump is unfit and should be impeached.  Then fight like hell!
I agree with this legislation. I am a gun carrying GAY Republican. Let’s meet on things that we have in common not focus on the fringe!
Too funny... People commending Feinstein know nothing about firearms.
It's plastic. Just as well ban the paper you write the bill on. 3D printer ring a bell or that hell hole sitting on your shoulders?
And as with all laws, good people will follow the law and bad people won’t.
That’s great.  I’m more worried about the sanity of POTUS.  Why aren’t you taking about impeachment?
Thank you Senator.
That's your biggest accomplishment since your efforts to ban the musket.

#DinosaurDianne
#Retire
It’s something most gun owners don’t care about. You can have them if you will just shut up.
Can you get them to look into the 25th amendment, serious question.  See Robert Reichs conversation:
READ NOW:

@RBReich talks to Republican former MoC on Trump’s instability and nuclear war fears among GOP 

…
WE..wil vote them out..!
Progress is getting things done. #JustDoIt #Democrats #Republicans
You only need 3 senators...
Keep pushing Senator Feinstein !!I'm with you
Delusional Diane. Why are the people on our side such dopes?
Fiddles and shotgun, that's who we are
10-40  nOT gonna pass
Yes Diane. You've really made progress. Your body count is way up.
How about 10 any Repugnants sign on to the 25th Amendment of the United States Constitution?
Can pretty well tell you who the RINOS are!
I appreciate ur efforts w gun control but right now the biggest threat is our unstable and incompetent @POTUS. Please work to remove him
Ordering x-mas presents early ..Thank you for the heads up
Progress is freedom not a country being held accountable for the act of one plant ! Can we get age limits in politics due to mental decline
You have not addressed the evil that kills, only an add on object to enable rapid fire.
Progress?!?!? Here's some progress STOP PERTETUATING WARS!!!
Israel isn't giving up their automatic weapons in the middle of a war, so why should we?  2nd Amendment protects ALL firearms.
Please work on impeachment next!
Ten ignorant Republicans who never read the history of the 2nd Amendment?  How could any American disarm us in the middle of a terror war?
Never.
NRA lobbyists....where are you??
With all due respect--too little too late.
Ban bump stocks all you want. Watch me get one anyway.
Baby-Steps!
Great progress.  We must accomplish more to keep future generations safe!
And the fires burn on.
Ooooo. You might get something done?
Totalitarian dictatorship.
You’re overreacting as you politicians usually do when disaster happens mam. But you won’t listen. You just want to turn this country into a
I know you're trying, .@SenFeinstein, but man that's a low bar.
Tough words for tough times.
Good! Keep going!
Thank you for working on this Senator.
hey!..what about islam/muslim ban??..or antifa!!..or illegals see where im going with this!!!??..where is the focus on the real problems????
hey hows that truck ban,or car ban,or knife ban,or alcohol ban,or tank ban,or air plane ban,or helicopter ban,or pencil ban progress coming?
It's a small victory, but it would do nothing to stop another sandy hook. A semi-auto ar15 can kill people just as well.
Hopefully it is not specific to one mechanism. Needs to be broad to avoid having the system.
Still need to stop Feds from having them. Drop that part. No Fed to be able to sell give or but them. You ban citizens from? Ban feds too.
Im glad you think banning these things makes me feel safer. Im worried about the bump stock and not the nut case behind it
Democrats are the ones who kill everyone.they also don't follow laws either. That's why you don't want normal people to own firearms
How many crimes have been commited with a bump stock?  Dems never address real issues, just knee jerk yelling. Disgusting.
ATF?
Not enough. More needs to be done.
Maybe we should ban murder
How about we just repeal the entire criminal code.  After all, criminals aren’t going to follow the law.
But they’ll obey the law if we tell them they can’t buy bump stocks
Making a machine gun out of a semi-automatic weapon has been ill legal since the 1920s so clearly you're stumping for votes and cash for you
Too late..How are you going to stop individuals from 3D printing them? Cause people are already making them at home.
It's never too late. Silly
It's a sign that they won't be reelected
You Mrs are fantastic, keep up the good, we really need people like you,,, Alison from the UK, ,
I'm a pro 2A gun owner who agrees to this as well!  We don't need to spray bullets,we shoot targets!
You obviously haven't shot one.
#TermLimits
They are RINO's
AWESOME !
and it would not have stopped the guy it they were non existent.
Ban Feinstein!
Thanks, Senator.  I know you're working hard on this in Washington.  So many of us want to see this as a great start in the right direction.
Senator working hard is an oxymoron! They’re all lazy worthless POS that need to be thrown out! Especially McConnell!#DitchMitch
I disagree. Senate and Congress has worked for years trying to break down partisan walls to get things done. Not perfect, but valiant.
your so silly....
https://plus.google.com/102502871082073303432/posts/PB3N4LVLSi6 …
Thank you Senator for all you do!
And why dont you tell the American people what's in that bill your right it's a slippery slope
How you doing on our tax relief and help getting out of this expensive Obama care?????
Yes, it does, but it's so inadequate that it leaves many of us in despair that our country will ever adopt sensible laws on this issue.
Do not ban bump stocks ban democrats instead!
Libtards are responsible for all this gun violence
@GRAAmerica @LoneStarGRights Thank you Senator for working to take freedom away. Un-thank you.
The Fucken Moran is MAGA..stop pointing out the Truth!
This can only be the beginning
