And yet tax payers pay fines if they don't want insurance or can't afford

Like mine that covers breast cancer screenings and gyno visits. they come in handy since i am a male and dont need it
And mine covers prostate cancer treatment and screenings but I don't have a prostate. This is how insurance works.
But thats not what she said. these are junk plans with coverages that people dont need. thats not what we were told. so try again
What you call a "junk plan" some people would call "good value". It's none of your business to force features in insurance coverage.
Actually its exactly their business. Junk plans usually target the most vulnerable people in our society.
She forces me to pay for acupuncture and alternative medicine I'll never use, so those who do won't pay so much. Socialist approach.
You do realize that that is how insurance has always worked? You pay your premium. Others pay theirs. And you use what you need.
I pick my policy. I live on a mountain, so don't buy flood insurance. She'd consider my fire policy junk for not including flood coverage.
.... ok...first fire insurance is always separate from flood in the us. People buy it when they choose to. Living in mountains prevent flood
The point is that free people buy whatever insurance they deem appropriate and if they don't have coverage they assume responsibility.
Actually usually they dont then taxpayers foot the bill. Acupuncture actually works by the way.
Catastrophic isn't a junk policy! An Aca policy with deductibles so high u can't use it is a junk policy! That's the truth not your lies!
@SenFeinstein @SenSchumer @SenatorDurbin  @SenJeffMerkley  Discrimination, Un-Constitutional Ending 49 States ObamaCare While ALSAKA KEEPS
#everyoneloses #killthebill #protectourcare #grahamcassidyNO @senategop @housegop @SenTedCruz @JudgeCarter @JohnCornyn
Thank you! Please speak with your colleagues @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins and @SenJohnMcCain and appeal to their better angels to vote no.
With this new proposal, can Insurence companies sale junk plans like they sold our grandparents? We were never able to recover those funds.
Yea that provision was effective...dear god
You guys even think about the crap you write?
So many are duped by the illusion of "choice"...Choose only what you need today & you can be bankrupted by what you need tomorrow. 1/2
You can't return a plan to the insurance co when u find u bought the wrong one. This is not a pair of jeans & life can change instantly. 2/2

Your junk plan is my perfect plan.. I don't want to pay for coverage I don't need as required under ObamaCare..u exempted yourself!!!
That's the GOP'S idea of 'affordable'.
Americans should be able to work with insurance companies to craft a plan that meets their needs, not your dictated requirements!
Their needs? How do Americans *choose* which diseases they want coverage for? Can you predict if you'll get cancer or not?
One of the #ACA's most terrible provisions is prohibiting consumers from buying insurance plans that they want to buy.  #repealobamacare
Like plans that don't cover prescriptions and hospital visits? Yeah, so many people are dying to buy those *literally*.
If you believe that repealing Obamacare means plans that don't cover hospital visits, then you are a unicorn in la la land.
Why are the Repubs trying to kill me? I'm disabled, single mom of 3 & barely scraping by. Without Medicare I will die. Not being dramatic.
You r watching way 2 much of the propaganda channels. Nobody's touching Medicare & health care will always be available, just less expensive
BS - by 2027 Medicare will be slashed 80%. I'm reading the bill, not sure what propaganda show you're watching-read the bill & get back 2 me
That is ridiculous. Medicare spending in 2017 is 590 billion. 2027 Medicare spending will be 1.2 trillion. That is over doubling.
A Plan that cost me 4000 with a 5000 deductible was a junk plan. Absolutely useless for everyday health care.
ACA needs to be fixed. Dems have had proposals to do just that, Republicans have refuse to consider for last 8 years. 
Blame Republicans
It was all based on lies from the start. This is all on @BarackObama
Well if more people being insured today than ever in our history you can give Obama the credit.
If you consider the medical Bankruptcies
insurance does not equal care.
Tell that to someone with a disability or a person with cancer, who would die with out it due to illness.
Not reigning in the drug companies was Obama
Oh I broke may hand, guess it's Obama's fault.
ACA doesn't work-- and that's probably one of the many reasons. #FullRepeal
make sure the gop sens understand this vote no to save people not party this hurts all of us
I'm not on ACA and I have junk plan. Deductible I can't meet office visits I can't afford. I pay every week and still can't go to doctor!
They won't stop until they kill us- and they will have to because we won't stop resisting.

Potential cost increases by state:
- AK: $31,790
- AZ: $22,074
- ME: $16,437…
Not true you lie

#VoteNOGrahamCassidy
Please send out the surrogates to the Sunday news shows. We need more opposition front and center!!
It has become obvious these people are something else besides people. an we have 2 find what their lingo is an speak it to them loudly!!!!!!
#GrahamCassidy. Politicians are fighting about nuances of bill. Nuances of bill="the fine print" to insurers. The "fine print" is dangerous.
Don't let this pass!!
But they do. They make you buy all sort of coverage a person may not need
I had a cousin who was denied insurance. He had pre existing condition.  He finally found a plan that would cover him but offered little
Coverage and was more than his mortgage.  He   went without instead. He died of a heart attack at 34.  #CassidyGraham bill means others
Will go through what my family went through.
REPEAL ASAP Obamacare was a LIE and disaster.
the ACA is chuck full of junk plans.  or didnt you read that in the 30 mins you had to vote on it? still looking for one i can use and pay 4
GOP is always for companies ripping off the public. They want banks to be able to hide fees in statements too.
Graham-Cassidy also brings back vastly increased premioms and co-pays for pre existing conditions, lifetime caps on coverage,
STOP these cruel imbeciles!
Oh wait, you voted for that POS Obamacare.  My deductables are so high I do not go to the doctor.  Your fault. Your fault.
Fight back Senator. Show them that or exist conditions ARE COVERED.
or - Pre
Totally agree. The first thing I said is that this is JUNK insurance!
ACA is dying.  Your only interested in a single payer system which has failed over and over again
Your "junk plan" was somebody's low-cost, high deductible choice- a choice many citizens preferred. ACA took that choice away. Elitist much?
I'm getting exhausted from calling Ghoulish Old Party senators regularly. Stop the Death Star Plan.
@GOP loves to sell junk! Junk bonds, junk derivatives, junk car parts, "lemon law" cars, junk sports arenas that last <20 yrs... #VoteDem
You're damn FOOL, Obama is getting ready to go Demon & DESTROY this Country! MILLIONS WILL BE KILLED!
.@SenFeinstein "junk plans" euphemism for  "coverage you want" 
@Moneca_Neary Just like burial plans sold in low-income areas that were useless.
The @GOP is a junk political party, a scheme to provide tax cuts for the rich, so I am not surprised they love trump-style junk.
Please ask to keep O-care. Alaska is getting to keep it...
Yes, and if you and the rest of the corp dems would get out of the way of single payer we would not be in this mess. #LetBernieLead or lose
Ms. Feinstein, maybe you aren't aware, but prior to ACA (aka the Federal Ponzi sceme), Minor surgeries were covered (under 1K) 80/20, now 0!
That's because the #GOP has always preyed upon the Ill informed and uneducated. They love Americans that vote against their own interests
@StephMillerShow The fact ACA deals with unethical private markets speaks volumes. Principled Progressives for single payer...
Your wrong again. It gives money to the states to customize their states to better fit it's individual needs. And premiums will drop
Trump University health insurance. Get your fake plan here. It's the best...no one has seen anything like it...
I have a junk plan right now called Obamacare!
They could only sell the government approved junk plans.
ACA resulted in HIGH PRICED plans with HIGH PRICED DEDUCTIBLES that most can't afford to actually use.
A $15,000 deductible with aca is a junk plan my dear
The Republicans have good insurance they don't care what we get junk garbage doesn't matter just a win for Koch brothers
@LindseyGrahamSC @BillCassidy @SenJohnMcCain @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins This is not responsible representation of the people.
#IWasHealthy until the election of 2016 and then I became clinically depressed & need healthcare.
Xanax, lots & lots of Xanax.
I know how you feel. I felt the same way in the 2008 and 2012 election.
63 yr old non drinking woman why should I pay for Maternity and Alch dependecy? My ACA non "junk plan" costs me $10k W/$7K ded..that is junk
Lyer!
Bring it back to the USA people. Let them choice for them self. Stop Hitler care  (Obama care )it's no different than car insurance.
All ACA current plans are junk plans
The years have taken their toll on you. You're no different now than Maxine and Nancy.  You have become dispictable and disgraceful.
Dianne ACA is bad and was bad before even become a law. You guilt for not having the courage to read before vote. Now you complain.
Oooh sure...
Ya thinking they won't?
GrahamCassidy is an "Oh Hell" NO vote! Thanks!
True. But with competition, they would lose business. ACA has no competition which makes it harder to get choice on plans and prices
Watch this Dad say what every other American is feeling. Stop trying to take our healthcare away & start helping us!
The single greatest threat in our country today is the Democrate party.
