Do you mean to tell me that caring for sick people is good for everyone? What a shock to the Republicans.
If its so good JAmes then tell California to get on the ball and take care of their citizens Why is it the rest of our responsibility for u
Cali pays way more in federal taxes than it gets back, Why are the rest of you our responsibility? maybe we're all in this together?
It's much more efficient to build the wall and keep the drugs out
Private money could do the job Dianne , stop foreign aid,stop giving benefits to illegal aliens,stop lifetime pay n benefits to politicians
Let's not forget as #SenFeinstein says, every single person in America who needs care, must receive that care #Everybody
That the problem with Obama care. Another word for you. SOCIALISM . Look at Europe as it sinks in the toilet.
Egg head With zero followers has matching opinion
So that's where the 22 million came from.
Good, let California pay for them. They the ones that don't enforce the laws and let felons out of prison
It defies rational thought why Repubs persist with a harmful bill with only 17% approval.
They only care about the top 1%.  Any other support is simply bonus.
Weed out by attrition, most substance treatment scam for Medicaid money... they made their choice
Or just do what the GOP wants, put them on the streets.
But don't #BuildTheWall so that the Drugs will keep flowing up from #Mexico! #Democrat Hypocrisy!
How about in Modesto where our insurance has gone up? You only care about SF where it's all democrats
How long have you known about the MS13 problem in California? Were they selling drugs in San Fran?
Sounds about right - Socialism at its best 
And how many are trauma survivors? The issues are complicated and we need complex solutions this bill will not pay for.
California must pay their own way. High& mighty Liberals. SAN Francisco,  California's toilet bowl.
How can you classify someone as a patient if they abuse substances? If I abuse children should I be considered a parent?
Thank you for speaking out about this bill over and over again. Keep fighting!
Let the doctors that are prescribing above average amounts of opioids pay for their treatment.
Feed rabbits and they multiply. It is wrong to indulge these folks unless they are following a strict plan to get off drugs.
Here is Tom #Price MD on opioid treatment. Yes, really. https://twitter.com/ReaderAdrift/status/877860817835872256 …
Tom Price lies to enrich himself.  Time for everyone to tell their Reps to #RemovePrice, as well as telling Senators to #SaveTheACA.
You get more of what you subsidize.
Thank you
Diane; Excellent here is the protection. We will take all of ur net worth & ur salary and expense acct. I am not ur slave labor anymore
You should support Medicare for all
Sen-how long have they been on medicaid? Surely before ACA, and I am sure after TrumpCare. Stop pandering!
Lock them up.
My wife and I both work full time for employers that don't provide health insurance and you're worried about some junkies?!?!  Fuck 'em.
Did you "protect" Kate Steinle who was tragically murdered by a criminal illegal immigrant who was deported 5 times.... Dianne ???
is it my #responsibility to pay for their poor #choices?
Why?
Why don't you donate the U & UR Husband make off it... Why Not TELL THE TRUTH???  
The senate health care bill does not reduce amount paid compared to current amount.  It only reduces rate of growth.
My daughter was on medicaid last year. She waited weeks 4 a bed & when she got there she was housed with a bunch of criminals. She died.
Quit taking in illegal aliens.
Fuck em. If they don't know how to do illegal drugs correctly, it's their fault. Me & @clintdaviss will show em for a phenomenal fee.
Dam right
42% of drug abusers on Medicaid - I'm shocked.
Yes, it is vitally important to help our fellow Citizens be productive, clean and sober permanently! Otherwise quality of life not good!
Why so much substance abuse
Why are they using health insurance? So this means all U.S. citizens are paying for substance abuse treatment in San Francisco?
Must be something wrong with SF
single payer would be great for that!
I think it would be wise to create a panel of practicing MDs who could share their experiences and knowledge of healthcare...
Instead of relying on politicians and MDs like #Price who haven't practiced in years.
Build the wall. Save Medicaid
But don't #BuildTheWall do that the Drugs will keep flowing up from #Mexico! #Democrat Hypocrisy!
What are the % of patients who became substance abusers because of DR misdiagnose? #PharmMoney #LiningPockets
For them. And for the safety of all CA residents.  Think before you vote Senators!  #TrumpcareFAIL
Why is it that 42% of substance abuse patients at Community Behavioral Health Services are on Medicaid?
Mental health is always the first area that the govt wants to cut in the budget. Kinda make you wonder why so many are in the prison system
Make health insurance market across nation with two restrict laws, no discrimination against pre existing conditions & 30% profit limits.
so how is it they can do drugs get welfare?  to they steal? where do they live and pay rent or what ever. its all bs. we are nation of free
Problem is even though laissez-faire values/policies/laws have created these conditions thruout USA, Dems poor @ showing this conclusively.
Why R U opposing SB562?This could mean life or death 4 CA ppl,& U R 1 of the reasons Randon pulled it off!U R still up 2 UR old tricks!U 

#TRUMPNewsMediaATTACK #TRUMPGOSSIP: "ABC,NBC,CBS,MSNBC,BBC,CNN" they all are out spreading the truth. Swear this is true ask Putin, I think? 
Not for long Mitch McConnell and friends
@wjcoop Your state should take care of them. Health care is a state issue not a federal issue. Your lies about deaths are criminal.
I agree but Trump supporters believe those are the very people who should not get Medicaid. They are heartless and care only for themselves
Well, maybe a NARCAN plan should be a 3x thing and then it's over for drug users...just like criminals, they won't stop.
Why do you need Medicaid if we have ACA/Obamacare?
Build a wall Diane. That will curtail the amount of drugs coming into our country.
Here is a thought that people will go nuts over...Don't do drugs even tho you know they are addictive and can kill...Maybe? Just asking
Without it many will end up in the criminal justice system and/or homeless.
Why not let private non-profits and clinics do this work far cheaper & more efficiently? Why does the govt have to fund and run this?
Four out of five substance abuse patients likely have co-occurring diagnosis - pre-existing condition: DENIAL
Where did they get their drugs? Mexico or #Obamacare? Obamacare pays for treatment for those that they addicted. GMAB
Thank you!!! The fight is not over!  We must continue to inform and resist!!!!
Use your billions
There is no solution when Ideology is factored. When it comes to life itself we need to go deeper to find the solution. #SinglePayer
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP must realize, they can not legislate ideology, free market none sense. The starting point is, Healthcare is a Right.
The starting point is #Singlepayer Healthcare is a right and Coverage for All resolves healthcare permanently. Sorry to insurance companies.
#Singlepayer has two primary beneficiaries, the person who consumes healthcare and employers. Hospital in rural areas provides security
None of R democratic reps care about us!They only say the do!They have 4 yrs worked the system 2 their advantage & screw the rest of us!
They (DNC &GOP) have yrs ofpouring out on them & theirs!It's hard 4 DF 2 give up all theher hubby made in real state thx 2 her corruption!
Could you explain what your solution is please Dianne. SIngle payer? Something else?
