The real torture is watching you "ma'am"
@realDonaldTrump seems to find it impossible to nominate anyone without a connection to Russia!
“@SenFeinstein: I asked Christopher Wray about his involvement with CIA torture. We must remain vigilant! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WgOf7bHq9q0 …”
You realize if Wray is compromised by Russia, he will lie his way into the job because they are making him do that?  @SenSchumer
He mysteriously wound up w/Christies "missing" cell phone.  Seems he's OK covering up for a power abusive boss. Not a deal breaker to you???

Christopher Wray is tied to Russia/Tillerson collusion - he cannot become next FBI Director. Senate Dems MUST say no. 
#VetsAgainstTrump 
Were you satisfied with his responses?
Wrong to vote for a guy involved with the Russia Scandal
Good for you. Torture by US is sickening 2 me as an American. When are we gonna come clean & make amends? All lives matter.
Than do not approve him!
Let's talk about the fraudulent USPS sale broker ing deal that went to your husband??? Pay to play!!
Connected to Roseneft, central to Russia investigation.    How isn't this a deal breaker???  Why so quick to give stamp of approval???
Is this true? 
"Christopher Wray is tied to Russia/Tillerson collusion - he cannot become next FBI Director. Senate Dems MUST say no."
I would really like to understand why you believe him?
@SpeakerRyan Your continuing support for Trump is despicable. You need to decide. Are you a Reoublican or an American. Right now the former.
He's a 45 shill - vote no!
He removed firm data about Russian client before hearing. Ask yourself why?

Trump fears nothing more than an honest person, esp an honest FBI Dir. You REALLY think Trump would hire an honest FBI Dir @sarahkendzior
Is there be anything more dangerous than an FBI  Dir who's beholden to Russia? Oh yeah, a POTUS who's beholden to Russia.  #ChristopherWray
Please remember ya all trusted our new CIA director too because he knew the right answers & he still gave Natl security info to Flynn.

#Breaking Research: Christopher Wray's given money to 4 GOP Senators that would be voting for him:

Perdue-Isakson-McCain-Portman

…
You REALLY think Trump would hire FBI Dir he couldn't control?If Trump or Russia have anything on Wray, than you were lied to #ImpeachTrump
What if Miller is fired and Wrey takes over investigation?  May I remind you of his actions in Bridgegate?  @tedlieu
@SenFranken  Why would we allow Trump to choose an FBI Dir while he's investigated for obstruction, demanding loyalty oath from fired dir
His law firm represents #Rosneft and #Gazprom. There is NO WAY Mr. Wray can be confirmed. He's on #TeamTreason
Something doesn't smell right about the Don Jr. story.  Why did he release the email so willingly?  This is a distraction from something/
somebody.
Please Senator Feinstein vote NO to this FBI nominee! He will be rather be loyal to Trump than the ! Please vote NO
If we can't even get Dems to show backbone when Democracy is at stake, than we're doomed.Plz find spine & Just say no to Wray!  #TrumpRussia
That is such an old irrelevant story.
How about his law firm's representation of Rosneft?
Well then don't vote for him, Senator!
Shame on you, how dare you support Wray and allow another Russia, trump and oil loyalist into our govt! @DNC @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats !?
Have to be a real idiot to vote for that liar!!!
And then said you'd vote to confirm him.
Nice.
Did u ask about his Russian clients #WrayHearing ?
@SenFranken @LindseyGrahamSC
wonder when he will ask you about selling post offices?
You need to vote NO on this guy!! This seat should be left open until a real president gets back in power.
While I like Mr. Wray, do you think anyone believes him when he says he didn’t read any of “junior’s” emails from the past three days?
Wrong to support the man who defended Christie and represented Russian interests and set up shell companies to get around our laws.
He's connected to Russia and you're okay with that????? NO. NO.
He's incompetent or lying if he says he hasn't read Don Jr.'s emails this week because he was "busy". NO.
WTF? You're voting yes?? Time to replace you.
Sen. Feinstein, we are far past the niceties of politics as usual. Go scorched earth & save our nation!
I'm stunned any Dem senator wld put in FBI director who has connections to Trump and Russia. Does she not know????
She's following established protocols while the house is on fire! 
Why are you voting for this guy?
Wray took a more subtle loyalty oath via @ChrisChristie
@maziehirono Trump doesn't get loyalty oaths via rigid ceremony. @ChrisChristie delivered Wray to Trump based on favors he got from Wray 
I feel that reading your post's are torture, please resign
If news reports r correct & you'll vote for this sneaky Wray who evaded questions, you are a #traitor.
OMFG - are you crazy? Putting a person w/ dubious ties to Rosneft, Saudi AND the Trumps into such an important position. VOTE NO GOD DAMN IT
How about how you have tortured people like Kate's family with your sanctuary cities
Simple question to Wray: Why do you want this job? He seems to lack the neccesary curiosity about his role to be. Alarming!
Americans under torture gave away less than Trump.
Wray knows less than I do and doesn't seem able to elaborate on anything. He only confirms what others say, words put in his mouth.
Lindsey Graham had to stuff the right answers into his mouth. As an atty, I'm shocked. He seems incompetent. Or is another #Trump #Liar
Where was your vigilance with BENGHAZI?
It was there. U just won't believe what you don't like. Get over that your guy won.
Why are you voting for him? Anyone chosen by the illegitimate, Putin-puppet potus is also illegitimate. You are aiding and abetting traitors
Saw interview on Wray vs condoning torture of prisoners, world has changed, Who would think to do this esp as it's been proven ineffective
These hearings are so political it is ridiculous do you have any idea how many of the citizens of the US think you people are worthless
Senator, do you know that both bills have passed... It's dusted here too.
@realDonaldTrump promotes "water boarding". to torture and interigation tactics that would scare this nation and integrity.
No more Trump NO MORE RUSSIA! PLEASE!   
ENOUGH

#NOVOTE #WrayHearing
I didn't hear any questions regarding Wray's prior business connection with Trump nor his ties to Russian energy companies. Why not?
It's a conspiracy. Brush up on your Cyrillic alphabet.
Did you ask him about his relationship with Russia, and that his firm has represented Trumps?
Don't vote for him!!!!!
Please imbed videos into your tweet. People will be more likely to watch inside of twitter than clicking outside link
Christopher Wray has REPEATEDLY refused to commit to informing the oversight committee if he is asked to terminate an investigation.
SENATOR - RED FLAG. RED FLAG. RED FLAG. OPEN YOUR EYES. VOTE NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO. Don't throw country under the bus.
Grill him on Representing Trump.

Conflict of interest to have Trump and Russian Attorney confirmed as @FBI DIR!
You are just as complicit as the GOP if you vote yes. If the Dems aren't going to stand up to him either all hope is gone #VoteNo
Do NOT approve him. Please!

Shouldn't be asking ANY ??s. Hearing should NOT happen. Admin is illegitimate--ESPECIALLY now. Congress must not humor. #Resist #WrayHearing
DEMOCRATS who elected OBAMA in 2008 REJECTED Clinton in 2016: Trump is as legitimate as it gets #WrayHearing
Don't vote for him. Wake up
Wait, what?
Respectfully ask that you ask Wary of any Russian ties, investments, please reconsider #NoVote
ask him about his firm's representation of Rosneft, Gazprom and Trump Organization.  clear conflict of interest!
Please be. From what I heard so far from this hearing I'm not impressed with Wray.
I'm sure he answered honestly* and to the best* of his memory
