
5 dead, 29 hurt in weekend violence that puts Chicago past 500th fatal shooting. Is anyone going to #TakeAKnee for them? 
We need to address more than bump stocks... tighten backgrd checks, require registration & training, limit # guns & ammo, no semi-auto guns.
First full auto is banned Now u want semi auto banned Next u’ll want revolvers banned. Then what? No more guns? Pol Pot Moa Zedong. Research
I am no lover of our government, they often do not act in our interest - but armed revolution is no answer. Unnecessary, too much collateral
Ok make sure u dont ask anybody with a gun to protect you. Ever!
I pay the police and the military to protect me.
DF: We Want Every American to Feel Comfortable Packing a Concealed Weapon?!
1) Yes
2) Gun ownership up, murders down
Common sense gun laws.  Not just bump stocks.
If that’s all you’re asking for I want to see background checks for tattoos And I want to limit the amount of skinny jeans you can own
And how many more are out there now, seeing how they've been sold out? But I'm sure they were only sold to "criminals"! #FuckNRA
The firearms back then all fired about one round per minute.  But that was true for arms held by the government and The People.
Laws only restrict those who follow them, folks. Enacting more laws only further erodes the rights of law abiding citizens. #2A
Maybe if you morons quit trying to circumvent gun rights with laws, we wouldn't have to circumvent the laws with innovation. Just a thought.
No leave our rights alone!! Let FBI regulate them. No ban on guns.
senator you guys are so foolish bump sticks will do nothing ! If someone wants to do evil they will
why don't you guys fucking ban knifes and pipe bombs as well ? What about the Boston Bombing ? What's gonna stop that
I'd like to knw how many guns does it take to have to protect or hunt, where's the limit on how many guns period should one be able to own
Sen. Feinstein FYI
Blaming gun lobby or gun owners for actions of a mad man is same as blaming auto industry & car drivers for drunk driving deaths.

Of course they do. It's LA. Youre all leftist nut jobs in Calofornia
Ban bump stocks & assault weapons. Quit talking bump stocks only- bump stocks have to be attached to something to kill. Ban assault weapons
You are dreaming.There were no Guns involved in Oklahoma. And how many children died?
Term limits
@SenFeinstein
It took you 40 years after Dan White missed you, (but not George & Harvey) to get off your ass and do smething? Who's the real joke here?
Abortion is the biggest killer of children in America, not guns.
If you don't like guns, throw away the one you have in your purse.
Did you get this cleared through your ole buddy OBAMA? Remember he is the one that allowed the bump stocks to become legal.
The LA TIMES is a liberal RAG bought and paid for by the Democratic party to further their agenda.
NRA is complicit in every mass shooting for the irresponsible stance on assault weapons. Law makers do your job.protect our people.
Yes! Ban semi-automatic & automatic weapons too. Why does anyone besides military personnel need these!

Watch this. 
Thank goodness the @latimes says so. That was what I needed to convince me
little too late, can't wash it off
2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A2A. TRUMP/POTUS
i vote 4 U.Do U Spank all ur kids wen 1 does something wrong? 1969 got a pistol for 13thBD never hurt anyone EVER #IDidntDoIt Dont Spank Me
Thank you Senator. I was wondering if we'd already moved on from this. I will put it on my Facebook page. Wow the trolls are out in force.
I'm in favor of banning all weapons s but hunting rifles and shotguns.
Here ur afforded security and you even carry. U wish 2 disarm americans, it'll never happen. 2a will rise up, stand strong and MAGA. W/Potus
Absolutely. She is worse than a bottom feeder.
Did you even know what a bump stock was two weeks ago? I didn't, but then i don't write law either.
I need all the help I can get when I'm attacked by Democratic Liberals.
Just lose the 2nd amendment already-what a sick travesty it has become
Missed The Mark again Dems, just don't have a clue do you?
Democrats are such hypocrites.  Remember this guy?
Except your bill is unnecessary. Go talk to the ATF. They approved bump stocks in the first place. Your bill is just for show.
WHERE ARE YOU IN CHICAGO DIANE!  WAKE THE F' UP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Corporation now must surrender all assets over to SHIMMY SHIMMY COCA PUFF SHIMMY - THAT'S RIGHT SFgate #1 aka wall street mandated.
One Faith One God = FAITH 1? all denomination? Pay (may sound expensive) attention (comes free everyday by Grace of God) NOW 100% YAHWEH
Doctrine is ethical clerygmen doctrine but under FIA NEW INHERITED CASES PRE-DATED UNDER ONE FAITH  ALL HAVE BEEN TRANSFERRED OVER TO POST
NOT ACKNOWLEDGE JESUS CHRIST as Roman Catholics do "MESS-i-ahhhh" dropped silver coins values pre-dated back to ancient time $0. Well
Under GOD (YAHWEH) America and endorses (ISSA) calendar then if any jewish american signs off on any contract "null & void" they have
2017 what year is ISLAMIC CALENDER YAHWEH CALENDAR wait (CHRIST)ian calender YAHWEH do have any endorsement with any Jews signing a Govt
Privacy Act Law 1974 - shhh what is this year?  Mira, put the joint down.  Shit it's not 1973  dayum you mean IT'S A CHRISTIAN CALENDAR but
Icymi @raiders want more fans in LA RU aware of black & silver history ? @Chargers @LAFC
As 4th Amendment violation by way of Open Wi-Fi & Stingray device(s) and equivalents. BIG BROTHER OVERZEALOUS intrusion of 300 + American
Per US Supreme Courts Justice John Roberts ruled that in a free society for AMERICANS to peruse various DEFINED DISTINCT public/private site
This is the reason why we have problems, blame your past President @SenFeinstein  and @latimes is fake news anyways.
Exactly right, Feinstein and her party, obombbomb, made a mess out of everything the last 8 yrs,  screwed American people!!!
As prevention of any 31st Century "Man-made gods EXTREMIST abusing auth cross referenced" inappropriate PRIVATE + PUBLIC DOMAIB
And I'm supposed to go with that just because the latimes says so? Come on Diane!
Domain (ANTI) social GANG/CARTEL/RICO media SMARTEST 31ST CENTURY "easy RICO prevention" of any new crafted terrorist like group(s)
Report officially approved to incl FIA COVERT (anti) SOCIAL MEDIA abuse by US GOVERNMENT PRIVATE DOMAIN 23RD ERA OPERATIONS. WHILE PUBLIC
Do you honestly think that will help, you obviously know nothing about guns, you must not have anything else to do, retire save people money
FAITH ONE Defamatory ANTI-social (yes anti SOCIAL media now tweet this) offense post anti gay anti social MEDIA narc smuggling "SNITCHES"
there is something seriously wrong with anyone who doesn’t support this. #LasVegasShooting
bunch of knee jerk reaction like you're really doing something productive, how about your state wanting to defy federal law, nice leadership
While we are on the issue gun control how about abortion and the murder of innocents who have no voice.
Strategic to facilitate all 411 Thessalonians in a 2 mi radius. FBIA always foreshadows any LOWER LEVELS UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO TOP LEVELS.
Involvement pending ongoing ANTI GAY ONE FAITH TO PUSH OUT ENEMY OR ANY PENETRATION OF ANY SUSPICIOUS FEMALE UNAUTHORIZED ONES WIT IN PLAN
SANCTUARY state of California initial chartered by KEVIN DE LEON and under foreign intelligence surveillance warrant all except FIA task
Suspucious FBI MDC involvement by SINAOLAS FROM TX ZETAS AND STRONG LINKS WITH CA/ASIAN SUSPICIOUS NARC ACTIVITY
Go nuclear by suspicious indirect connection USAO SDNY EDNY and Langley Air Force base and naval yard by retired usaf uncle + Jennifer S
PER DONALD JR RUSSIA INVESTIGATION AND ALLEGED EXPRESSION OF HIS FATHER'S HATRED THEN NORTH KOREA SOUTH KOREA TENSION INCREASE BY POSS
Rex Tillerson Sec of State conflicts with Pres Trump suspicious dictatorship behavior as in TRUMPISM CA ANTI GAY MILITARY PERSONNEL BLACK
Illegal international or potential threats by compromised audio video that will be used as active duty military courts
2205 Peach Ave CLOVIS Ca 2550 W ROBERTS AV FRESNO CA any suspicious pRep all military sex TRAFFICKING under lifetime scruting to weed any
Oct. 8th, 2017 @MeetThePress , @SenFeinstein,  Anchor: @ChuckTodd ,Good Sunday,  Sen. Dianne Feinstein of SF, California
9:00amct. 2/2  @MeetThePress,  Anchor: @ChuckTodd , Interview; @SenFeinstein, The LA  Chronical already supports, the ban on auto-weapons
3/3  Weaponry such as Bump Stock weapons  Semi-Auto Firiring , and Auto- Firing are.far to deadly causing massive casualties.Militarilized
Illegal gay sex parties by way of ALL FEMALE task force to indict under us military courts ALL STR8 MILITARY INVOLVED MUST WAIVE PRIVACY
FIA VS M
MANDATORY MALISCIOUS PROSECUTION W/FRUIT OF A POISONOUS TREE NOW FIA MUST CONTINUE ALL MILITARY PERSONNEL IN AREA WITH ANY
Homeland Security ATF DEA all involved with Robair Taylor multiple area codes 206 678 916 559 with Western Union suspicious Mexico xfer!
Ask TAYLORMADE http://rentmen.com  with ROBAIR Taylor illegal ATF trafficking with narc smuggling DEA CI $200 M INTERPOL NOW
Ban bump stocks, that won’t stop shit. Bring God back in our schools,in our families, at our work place, and mass murders will decline.
You rambled on forever only to say that there was nothing you know of that could’ve prevented this incident in Vegas. DRAMA
Are you implying that this newspaper’s support should be all the reason we need? As though its our only arbiter?
Background checks, waiting period , ban assault weapons . Quit blowing smoke up Americans ass, banning bumpstops is a bullshit fix
Where have the Dems been in the past eight years as S Chicago has become a KILLING FIELD  for young Blacks?
We need to ban more than just accessories. We need to start somewhere.
"If you hear anyone urging Congress to pass more gun controls immediately, consider that person mentally deficient.
Please provide link to facts stating that Vegas killer used bumpstocks. He had other illegal machine guns. Shot cadence wasnt a bumpstock.
Not 1 life would have been saved by bumpstock ban, nor was by any anti-gun law Feinstein has backed in past. Lawless dont obey laws. Period.
These maniacs are using their pants to create automatic weapons! No more belt loops on our streets! #banbeltloopsnow
I bet Trump has belt loops on his pants, ready to bump fire an AR killing machine at any time! Sick!!
Wasn't it  on the anointed one s watch that oked the bump stock.maybe you guys did the old pass it see what's in trick .
No legislation needed. ATF action!
I think a database needs to be created that will track ammunition and report those that request odd items like tracer rounds for authorities
How are you going to stop individuals from 3D printing them? Cause people are already making them at home.
Dont forget about adding these, your focused on one item when many different types are out there.. http://www.rapidfiretriggers.net 

I've not heard of any group that supports bump stocks being legal, except for President Obama's ATF that approved the sale of them!
you have demonstrated for 30 years you think you have more wisdom than the founding fathers: retire
well all you dems should have your armed guards taken away
Hah! Like stating my dog is in favor of being fed.
I'm pretty sure there are bigger issues in America that need attention besides lobbying to ban bump stocks... waste of time
Great you can feel good about doing nothing
Which “RIGHT”is more fundamentally AMERICAN? The 2nd amendment,our our public’s basic right to “ LIFE, LIBERTY, & PURSUIT OF HAPPINESS”
Don’t even CARE, much less cater to the gun lobby. Take new tactic. Expose Lonny & NRA for being mouthpieces for gun & ammo manufactures.
Weapons of war not meant in our streets or homes
Seems they don’t talk about Chicago & the murders there EVERY DAY. GUESS their lives don’t matter much. Seems the media drives importance!
I declare myself a sanctuary citizen,there is no laws that I have to obey in California 
#StateofJefferson 
#StateofDisgust 
Shocker...  In other news, steel workers oppose efforts to change industry over to wood and the fracking industry opposes coal
the first time I have ever agreed with you
Why?
Ban high capacity magazines and the number of weapons a person can have. No citizen needs assault weapons, & sure don't need an arsenal.
Liberals make the decision to abort 3,000 children per day and only conservatives complain.
11 days worth of abortions in gun deaths in the US per year, a good portion justifiable, and liberals can't stop virtue signaling about guns
Are any of you capable of seeing the horrifying irony in this?
Good lord what's the cause of this? It's under your nose DIFi!
We ALL know the LA Times is THE authority on guns! Who cares? That position was reached by rich guys in a board room w/out gun knowledge!
You know who didn't back you
 Obama
@SenateDems @HouseDemocrats
The country needs a complete repeal of the 2nd amendment. The right to life is more important than the right to own a stupid gun. Period.
Feel free to repeal the rest of the Bill of Rights at the same time.  

Like you're going to do anything to stop them...
Excuse me, but why does a lobby have the power to control our govt.? They shouldn't. Govt. Should work for all the people.
if fire arms are so dangerous, why do you surround yourself with armed security? i f you're going to write a bill don't exclude yourselves!
Looks like we need a new Congress that respects our constitution better than the Senators from California. US is not Europe.
And not Europe by design
Thank you.
LA Times, experts on constitutional law, of course.  Why else would they  have a legal opinion?  Surely the Times editor will protect us?
I will be glad to watch the progress of this Act unfold and anticipate that it may lead to further Acts which increase public well being.
Taking away guns gives control to governments. The founders of this nation knew that, cannons were specifically allowed!
Still are
710,000 ppl die per yr from disease. even a 10%in cardiac deaths would save twice the # of lives annually of all gun-related deaths.
34,000 people die per year in traffic fatalities(exceeding gun deaths even if you include suicide).
Robbery, death, rape, assault are all done by criminals. It’s ludicrous to think that criminals will obey laws.
25% of all gun crime happens in just 4 cities. This basically leaves 3,825 for the entire rest of the nation.
• 119 homicides (2.3%) were in Washington D.C.  All democrat run  also have strict gun laws 
• 480 homicides (9.4%) were in Chicago
• 344 homicides (6.7%) were in Baltimore
• 333 homicides (6.5%) were in Detroit
Fact- 65% of gun deaths are by suicide, which would never be prevented by gun laws.
The L.A. times won’t publish any scientist that does NOT blame climate change, biased as f**k not a good source to back your position.
If it DOESN'T pass you all will have a lot to answer for. This is a gun owner and NRA member talking to you
American people need to demand a ban on electric knives to fight the growing threat of obesity.  Electric knives r far too fast at cutting.
Sorry senator, that's not enough. It's time to go head to head with the NRA  and not back down.
I think the NRA is taking a look at "bump stocks"if you would take a minute/chill out and listen to them,Dianne since Obama approved them !
Second Amendment right for all too have any guns.. You can not stop evil , look at Chicago it's not working.  Try Morals and Unity
Make petition from people and send that to senate .  let people represent theirselves unanimous.  And don't ask feds. Its not there vote.
Liberalism is truly a mental disorder and when will you admit their needs to be a bill wriitten that helps those very sick individuals!!!!!!
you illuminati masons who worship satan organized this massacre,,,we see through you
Of course they will there commies too
#noOnBumpStocks
The LA times, what a surprise.  Why didn't you move to ban them in 2010??  How many people have to die before you get off your butt?
Secirity shooting in begas crowd why are the investigators covering this up
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=749046875306206&id=100006027007731 …
The new AK-SJW
Why the big cover up on vegas .. Security shooting into the crowd
content://media/external/file/78034
Bad link
It's. Not. ENOUGH.
Well, if they say it's good, they must be right.  Or, your failed gun control is a farce without punishment.
It's not failed.  They just need to pass a few more laws and fly a few more police spy planes and all of their crime will cease to exist.
Don’t let bump stocks be the token action. Next: Ban silencers, gun permits for mentally ill, ALL semi-automatic weapons. #guncontrol
Wow, Dianne, you got the "Los Angeles Times" a paper that can't spell First Amendment to support a restriction on the Second Amendment? Ditz
IMHO libs say something very rotten about people. When they decry the guns. But say nothing about character failings or lack of virtue.
Sure put people out of work onto welfare b/c  u have a knee jerk reaction But then again U R petty much a jerk who violates oath daily
new yok crimes? lol ya we trust them butt plugs
We'll discuss it when you stop your corruption and intentional law breaking.... how much was your house again?
#SanctuaryState
I line my bird cage with the @latimes It's about the only thing it's good for...
California has seceded from the United States as a treasonous state.  Your bump stock bumble is mute.
If Paddock had used an SUV? You'd cry for vehicle size&number laws/tax on steering wheels. Ban the wheel spinner Decry the car lobby.
Time for you to retire. I hate guns, btw, and used to be a Democrat. Now I await reform.
Blaming an object for clear evil. Does that make any sense. When are you going to ban abortion docs. Or cars, or knives or hammers.
Well, their modus operandi is to blame, obfuscate, confabulate, lie, and, if all else fails, someone has an accident or sudden heart attack.
Typical Crap. The bump may have hindered the shooter. Guns not mint to fire auto, will over heat quickly. 17 to 39 sec between bursts. Why?
Wow! A liberal rag supports the socialist democrat stance? When’s the last time THAT happened? ... Oh wait. Everyday of every year!
They don’t allow their citizens in Rwanda  to have bump stocks on their guns.  Or guns for that matter. They are doing great.
Then move there, Harry.
I was being facetious.The govt has killed over a million citizens in a genocide. 260 million people have died at the hands of their own govt
The major makers did not create the bump stock. That started as a garage idea. Gun makers do not waste effort on circumvention of laws.
It’s only a bandaid appeasement without standing up to the NRA who owns the GOP
No one is saying “go for the balls” but military grade weapons should be banned and background checks need to the expanded at the very least
Guns are tools for murder, nothing else.
You might want to tell the millions of law bidding people who enjoy shooting firearms everyday.
Yes. You play with tools designed for murder. You should stop.
If you have a pool u should stop that. 500 kids drown ea yr. If you have a cell ph, u should stop. 3k injuries & deaths. Dumb argument.
Pools are designed for swimming. Cell phones are designed for communication. Guns are designed for murder, nothing else.
Then why aren't 100 million gun owners committing murder? Another dumb argument.
Where do illegal guns come from? Legal gun owners sell them illegally. And then there's the domestic abuse:
Your arguments only get more absurd. Way to early in the morning to deal with substance abusers.  Get some help. I am done with you.
The bump stock is a $$$ novelty device. Destroys aim & tears up the rifle. As shown by the numbers of jammed rifles at LV. Not used widely.
This is the false victory they plan to allow us...
It's a good start but it's not enough.
Senator, I respect all #GunControl efforts, but banning bump stocks does very little. Must ban assault rifles. I trust you know this.
Please define "assault rifle".   Assault is a verb.  Not an adjective.  Cain killed Abel with an "assault rock".    Ban then too.   
BILL MUST INCLUDE HELLFIRE TYPE TRIGGERS $50 legal adapter Machine gun emulation in 5 minutes..just like bumpfire. THERE ARE MANY OF THESE.
That's odd, do your viewers realize it was Obama's ATF that allowed this in the first place. You do i'm sure. As to the atrticle #FakeNews
The Emmys did not give one award or any recognition to a conservative station a conservative Network or conservative journalists
It's not enough; It's a token nod to allow the .@nra to look like good guys.
Your approval not needed.   Read the 2nd amendment
You DAMN STRAIGHT BETTER CARE.  CALIF. produces 40 % of nations produce & our BLUE , Coastal states , waterways are where the FED income is.
May be lots of red on those polo-maps but it’s the population centers on coasts & major waterways that have the bulk of the money supporting
This is such a fraud attempt to make it look like they did something .  Drink the Kool-aid #libtards, i can make one at home
IF WE ARE TO HAVE ANY SUCCESS !WE MUST BEGIN IN ONE DIRECTION !AND AS OUR NATION PROGRESSES !WE MUST FOLLOW WITH MANY RELATIVE ISSUES!
Ah a true Marxist. Take a hike.
Sorry Dana Carvey, but isn't this special.??
Justice will not be served until those who are unaffected are as outraged as those who are. Benjamin Franklin
I've been outraged at the mentally ill democrats for decades.
No More Gun Laws.
#ColdDeadHands
#MonoAbbe
#RecallSenFeinstein
Sorry to hear you live in west coast, One Veteran to another, Thanks for your service, 1966 to 1970 USAF SAC
Well the Tech industry is out here. I work with computer science so. But 1998 to 2005 US Army
Well you're working making big bucks, I'm retired, do a lot of competition shooting ,did pistol 15 years USPSA Now Rife NBRA, not a golfer
Well I still hunt and shoot as well. I am trying to retire here soon to spend more time shooting
Retirement is great, hope you get it done soon.
How about banning the whole AR15
Supreme court said that won't happen 2008 Heller decision
Guns bring nothing but tragedy and trouble.  We need much stricter gun control laws now.
You can't reason with the unreasonable.     Liberal logic " if I don't like it .. you can't have it".

And that's is why we should nuke him
and you believe them? No, you just pretend to believe them for political reasons.
You Armed North Korea and Iran and you’re worried about Bump Stocks?
Sorry, you’re not overthrowing this elected government..we won not you!
