Repubs Rsabotaging a whole hell of a lot Senator. &why R U making statements seemingly absolving &bolstering Trump RU claims it's a hoax?
We will keep refusing to accept their AHCA until they start to realize that we must work together..when will they 'get it' ?!?
You mean like democrats did? Bipartisan ?
#TermLimits
What do I do? I am uninsurable due to a cancer diagnosis. I feel utterly hopeless.
The ACA was a good start, but to really improve upon healthcare, we need to move forward with #Medicare4All. Anything less is not acceptable
Universal Health Care for all Californians'! I understand a draft bill in the works.   Go CALIFORNIA!  #persist
you know single payer is a way to improve the ACA right?
Why wouldn't you and Feinstein educate yourself of how the single payer works in other countries? Maybe, if you like it, you decided to move
I'd rather make this country better thanks
Good, then stay put and educate yourself on issues that are dear to you. Education is the most powerful tool, not fantasy, not fairytales
Agree. The answer is single payer
Why don't you and your Democrats dig into your own pockets to save this sink whole! But don't expect the tax payers to waste anymore money!
Ask your self how the GOP is driving insurers out of the ACA when it isn't even a law yet? The ACA is driving out insurers.

You shouldn't even mention the word"bi-partisan" - you and your party are traitors to us, American people, our country, our Constitution!
The "Affordable" Care Act was a shambles long before Repubs got involved recently.  Not all of us are idiots, Senator.
#FullRepeal.  You can't use it , Medicaid died under Obamacare, we are dying off because of it , you are out of touch with the poor people .
Get this through your thick codporate money laced skull....there's no improving it. Adobt SINGLEPAYER!!!!!
The ACA already did this. It didn't need the Trump administration for help doing this.
The democrats stuffed that lousy healthcare bill down the throats of Americans while the Wash politicians dont subscribe 2018 our seats!
Senator bipartisan on this and Comeey-Russia investigation begins with greater responsibility from you, DEm leaders. Your stylistics= awful!
NO - we need Medicare for All not another bandaid. YOU are sabotaging this movement. ACA props up insurance cos. Medicare doesn't
The ACA is killing people everyday. Literally and financially.  You had your chance and you showed how out of touch you & others are. Resisn
You are so wrong!  ACA is about to implode......it needs to be repealed, and replaced with healthcare plan that works for all!
Gosh...really
Do not let Senate Republicans strip away safety net programs including health care to benefit those better off. We don't want these tax cuts
Democrats are full of crap, you just want to pout because you LOST LOOSER
Or, better yet. Find a short rope.
Start protecting ACA by starting Impeachment proceedings.
Thank you!  Reasonable suggestion!
Replace
oh now you want to fix it. Such dirty little people dems are.
Aetna just left due to no fault of Trump.  It was SUPPOSED to fail to get to single payer.  You are a fraud.
Single payer for California now!
You are a Obstructionist / Democrat you hate Law and Order and the Constitution.
please stop  posturing for Democrats votes and fake news go trump administration
Dianne, stay at home and leave the lights off, you're brain will know it's home
please do not let this happen!
Proof or facts to back up that fearmongering #fakenews ? Cbo score? Gop are not finished!
Single Payer is the answer
Amen to that! Talk to a bunch of other countries.
Too bad they don't just repeal this garbage legislation you passed with zero republican support. The people hate it madam. Time to kill it.
Get "going" what? Do you have any idea of what you're talking about?
How about #SinglePayer @KamalaHarris @SenFeinstein ? It is time.
Government, a natural force for incompetence
I'm sick of the childish GOP. You'd get more help from a 6th grade class.
your staffers tweet robotically and your time in office is coming to an end
They ought to use this healthcare they think so much about! Shame on them! They're screwing up people's life! Shameful!
At least you were truthful about no Russian collusion, now be truthful about Obama care failing and costing your voters and taxpayers big 
Only thing that will save you is coming out in favor of single payer. You represent us. Single payer is what we want.
Republicans have not touched it. Republicans had no input into it. It killed itself.
It's a failure, was shoved down the throats of Americans by Democrats.. Not one Republican supported it & 50% of population didn't want it.
Republicans will NEVER FIX THE ACA. Solution: SINGLE PAYER. NOW. Not in some distant future that never happens. NOW! #MedicareForAll #SB562
Get a job and you can buy your own policy, stop freeloading off taxpayers.
When have you ever cared about being bipartisan?
They have been picking it apart ever since it went into effect and now they are working with the insurance companies to ruin it.
Senator. Single payer. They won't listen to you and fix anything. Don't you get it already?
Raising someone's taxes to give them a subsidy to pay for one product doesn't make anything affordable
Nonprofits if they take in more funds give the money to employees. They should reduce costs no nonprofit hospitals
INGRAINED: to my mind-memory knowing the same; Sen. Dianne Feinstein; Dems. Relentless opposition is not futile; believing Thank You!
Let's cover existing conditions age 26 buy over state lines cafeteria of services if don't choose a nominal fee for emergency rm coverage
You took money from Medicare stripped people of their right to choose a plan a doctor tax lots of things etc. let's strip obamacare
It sabotaged itself!
If you are forced to participate in same healthcare plans then you'll understand see the People struggles. Our $ pays your benefits.Not fair
Sen. with respect, this is not true.Is time both parties work together.Is time for a mandate you all get the same plans we are forced to get
Sen. you need to understand that what your party is doing to DJT will destroy your party- back off let him succeed or fail on his own.
Possible this was an agreement w/ Ins Execs reached during meeting prior to Initial AHCA submission never voted on.
Speaker Chuckles & Maj Ldr Bilbo r hard @ wrk 2 break Ocare instead of trying 2 fix it how enlightened r these 2 they r losing young Repubs
They are deliberately harming Americans that need health care! In addition to violating a law that has not been repealed!! Make calls!!
Medicare for all or you retire. #DNCFraudLawsuit is following you Diane...
Which GOP will vote 4it in house&senate?
How will u handle Hyde amndt issues ?
Also, will, trump sign? If not, u have veto override votes?
SINGLE. PAYER.
Which GOP will vote 4it in house&senate?
How will u handle Hyde amndt issues ?
Also, will, trump sign? If not, u have veto override votes?
Republicans Have Zero Credibility At This point. ..They Need To Get TRUMP OUT of the OVAL Office .....
You know the President does not write the laws?
They said they would do it. The planned it in public. They've been doing it since November. Where was the outrage then? Day late $ short!
Democrats are sabotaging our Democracy  !!!!
Screw that.  Single Payer.
Which GOP will vote 4it in house&senate?
How will u handle Hyde amndt issues ?
Also, will, trump sign? If not, u have veto override votes?
Sabotaging: Not forcing the middle class to subsidize insurers.
Is "bi-partisan" a new concept for you?
#Democrat Senator from #NJ #Menedez is heading  for a trial in #NewJersey on September 6th for #corruption. #Tatiana
You can also fight by supporting #singlepayer
Which GOP will vote 4it in house&senate?
How will u handle Hyde amndt issues ?
Also, will, trump sign? If not, u have veto override votes?
SINGLE PAYER ALREADY
Which GOP will vote 4it in house&senate?
How will u handle Hyde amndt issues ?
Also, will, trump sign? If not, u have veto override votes?
