Why should a high school student working at McDonalds make more per hour than a medical doctor in residency (average salary $56,500)?
Because we live in a world where everything has to be fair. Who cares if I didn't earn it, I'm entitled to it...
Like CEO's whose pay has risen 900% since 1980! That's OK, but not raising worker's pay? Really
Yep. It's called free market capitalism. If the board feels that is what a CEO is worth, then so be it.
So CEO's or now 900% better than they were in 1980? But workers value has remained the same?
That's not the CEO's fault, that is ours. If one doesn't like the pay/conditions, don't work there.
Raising min wage just makes everything else goes up, so nobody makes more money. Employers can't do it. Already kiosks not humans. Wake up!!
Wake up! CEO pay has risen 900% since 1980. Maybe that's why there's a kiosk.
@DebraMessing If they make  $8/hr they go and buy a 60" tv. If they make $15/hr they'll want a Mercedes., and still complain.
So we can drive more businesses out of CA?
Federal wage. Pay attention.
Maybe time to take it one minute at a time. Namaste
Raise it to 25. I thought CA "leads the way".
$250 and really be cutting edge!!!
1/1 Why don't we lower and cap all government wages for those in Washington and put that money in the hands of those
2/2 that are working full-time jobs and offer  the same health insurance you have
Thank you for supporting a $15 min wage.  Will you now get on board with @SenSanders Medicare for all bill
You gonna pay $9 for a taco?
FEDERAL  wages paid by the people, TAXES and SERVICES will go up, or what will be cut ?SMDH
@DebraMessing Raise it to $ 25.
Raise it to $125!!!
And ppl already making $15, can they get a raise?
I've been saying that, people who started @ min wage + after YEARS finally made it to $15hr... will those people get well deserved raises?
Let's expand the earned income tax credit. It's actually a cleaner and more focused way to produce the same effect.
This is great point
Dianne Feinstein has STOLEN from America to make her own ends meet !!! Dianne Feinstein should be PROSECUTED !!!
Why don't we make laws regulating price hikes so people can actually afford to live? Minimum wage isn't the problem. Halt inflation also.
Awesome! Now, what about single payer healthcare? We need that even more. Please CHANGE YOUR MIND. Make it politically possible.
Paycheck to paycheck it's no way to live! People can't even have hopes and dreams anymore and that's ridiculous
..and raise cost of living, gas, and basically everything under the sun. How dumb are you? Min. Wage is a starting point. Not a career!
We can do that but #SinglePayer is out of the question? #Retire
and when the price of everything goes up and their new minimum wage means nothing what then?
Why stop at $15? we should have a $150 per hour minimum wage! #RAISEIITALLTHEWAY
Yes please. Being over 50 working 90 hours a week 7 days a week to keep paying rent and the lights on with nothing in savings is killing me.
Yes. Dems need to get on the same page with progressive Bernie wing or die in the next few elections.
Let's change the % cuts on Tax plan to give biggest cuts to lowest incomes.  Let's #SaveACA. Let's get Ind Inv on #TrumpRussia!
Yea right! Next federal housing control.
If his stupid tax plan passes,how will Corporations complain about Min wage then?  They have an extra 20% to distribute to employees, right?
Unfortunately the issue is that a lot of can't find full-time work and instead hold several part-time jobs. I have 3. We need to fix this.
Idiotic low end jobs is a starter job. Get real. Want to support your family Get training or education
Tell me, how can they afford that extra training/education on substandard wages? Your tweet is ignorant.
They qualify for financial aid. Go to school part time. It can be done. More education, more money. that's life
It's very difficult to get by in the Bay Area @SenFeinstein. I'm a single elem school teacher (with 2 masters degrees). Barely getting by. 
If you are smart, youll move out of Corruptifornia. You'll live like a king in other places.
Not to the East Coast...hardly any different unless you go south
Isn't raising the minimum wage just going to raise prices and reduce jobs, hurting the very people you are trying to help.
Wrong. There is not a 1:1 relationship between raising min wage and increase in prices. That has NEVER happened any other time it was raised
Really? Never?  How can you honestly say that?  Labor cost is the largest cost component of most industries.  Cost goes up, process go up.
I can say that because it is recorded history. It is a FACT. Do you know how much more a Big Mac will cost if min wage raised? a whole $0.25
No one in America should struggle to make ends meet, make all able Americans work.
Is this all you got to help Americans? Give pimple faced burger flippers 15 , why again? This hurts those of us who've moved passed minwage
Yes... @SenSanders @SenWarren $15 an hour is good for All American
@SenFeinstein  What are you actually doing to make a living wage happen besides tweeting about it?
Why would the clan of #grifters in the WH want that when @IvankaTrump has the Chinese working for a dollar hourly on her design line?
Amen.  Next up, you live in California.  Pot is now legal there.  It's time to be a progressive and get with 61% of america.
Legal jobs in Marijuana pay a lot more than 15 dollars an hour.
You are now surrounded by pot in your own home state, Diane.  Time to stop the fight and work to keep young men out of prison.
You know full well..it's just simply probable cause to arrest minorities
Support Single-Payer and HR 676! This is a good step towards not getting primaried though.
Consumer prices sure haven't stayed down like wages have.
Keep up the fight! Clear out the WH of the current regime! #Impeach45  #RaiseTheWage
And raise food servers above 2.13
Please No. I think the focus should be on economic growth and wages will rise.. 1.6% GDP in 2016 is pathetic!
If this eas something you really cared about you would have backed Bernie in the primary.
Weaning off fossil fuels would improve our quality of life.High fuel mean high $ goods.Raising FMW will raise goods prices. #RealSolutions
Put #congress in FMW, #obamacare and #TermLimits . I imagine sh!t would change quickly.
You know what?  I make over $100k and I can't afford to buy house.  I can't imagine living on $15 / hr. Cali is unaffordable 4 most.
But wait a year after the bank Regs are relaxed and you'll see, people will lose their homes and I'll  buy one. (Sarcasm) ???
Dianne, there are a lot of things you should engage in. This is not one.
15.00 an hour 32,400.00 year.(aprx)NOT EQUAL TO MEDICAL INTERN
@PattyArquette 15$wage will only promote manufacturing company's to move off shore like in .Only Raise 3$every year.No shock
@PattyArquette Raising wage is important, but please fight harder againt drumph.
@DebraMessing nooooooo! Please take an economics class. I'm a dem, but a higher min wage does not work in this system!
Where can any Californian live on $20 an hour, let alone $15? How about safe and actually affordable housing?
Some states already have raised the wage. Seattle Being one
You want to see a $15 ! Hell NO!
and stop wasting our money on defense spending...that'd help as well
And security at Mara lago and NYC.
Absolutely!
Let's not!  You know it will only lead to more unemployment, resulting in more becoming dependent upon entitlement programs. Now I get it!!
Lowering my taxes would help!
Yep, lets do it!
You must be one of the dumbest people on this planet 
Why moron, employers just automate
And put millions of small businesses out of business. Sounds like a plan!
Especially in light of crazy tax cut proposal! Plz keep fighting for us senator. Thank you! #CA45 & 92653-5769 voter
Pay them out of your Net Worth first.
So jobs get cut to part time or are replaced by machines.
You need to make a lot more than that to survive in the Bay Area
Oh come on now, SF has been Den City forever. You all are doing great. You had Sen Fein, Boxer and OLDNasty. You all should be doing great.
YES!! 
Not to mention every corporation who pays less is basically subsidized by the government. Full time workers shouldn't live in poverty
@Elizabeth41327 Nahhh..just because those corps are getting big hugs tax cuts, you can't expect them to give it back in wages!
Fact is, lowering taxes on companies results in more jobs and higher wages. It was proven under Dems and GOP. Kennedy, Reagan, Clinton.
And people should be able to get a job with benefits instead of only temp jobs with no benefits or stable futures #givepeoplejobs
This is all President Clinton's fault. NAFTA ran 70,000 companies out of the u.s.
And that's the truth
We should take money from the rich who earned it and give it to the poor who didn't. Catch a flight to Russia
pick me, I'll flip burgers for $15 an hour
Agreed!  Keep up the good fight!
Let's invest in trade schools to increase the amount of skilled workers who can earn a true living wage.  Let teens keep their min. Wage.
We let two go right after you raised minimum wage last time so good job
Why not raise it to $50 per hour, they would not struggle then either.  #termlimitsforcongress #communistcalifornia
Yeah, it would still be a struggle at that rate. How about reversing the money flow from us to rich fuck billionaires that's killing us?
That still isn't enough to keep people from poverty and living on government programs.  A small step, but a step.
Depends where you live. In CA, you'll live under a bridge, in Iowa you'll own a decent house. That's one reason national min wage is insane.
Still not enough. Rent in Sacramento $1200/2bd 1 ba dump. Must make 3x amt of rent. $15/hr is a bandaid. We need universal HC & rent caps
It's the LEAST that should be offered and anyone who may be against it is heartless.
Go ahead,
I had to retire because of the ACA costs to my now ex-employees because of the ACAAct
Just another Calif business closure
Tax That
My PCP retired because of all the in #OBAMACARE! Said he wasn't putting up with all the BS!
$15 by 2018 would actually make a meaningful difference in people's lives. By 2024....That's barely cost of living increases.
YES!!
Why stop at $15?
#basicincome
why? 45* will take that & more based on his unethical tax reform
Impeach the current POTUS first.
Sure.Then employers can cut staff/hours to avoid losses. No additional revenue to meet increased expenses. Brainless fools!
Investigate Trump Russia. Focus.
Let's start by spreading your personal wealth around to CA residents, Diane.  You first!
You are in a bubble. Some people cannot provide enough value to justify $15 per hour. Why put them out of work?
With Trump wanting to lower corporate taxes to 15% we might try for $20-$25 an hour. Corporationscan I will forward that kind of money
No! That's how we end up poorer! Australia has natural min wage of $15 'coz no illegals!!!!
NO! With tax reform, let the market stabilize wages! There are going 2 b more jobs than ppl to fill. Supply & Demand will drive wages UP!
Aaaaaaaand support single payer health care
DMV-CARE, no thanks. VA  is single payer for vets and vets r completely screwed over. Think a shlub like you has any chance at better care?
thanks for speaking up on this, senator.
Lets NOT
Healthcare is a right of all Americans! Medicare for All! #feelthebern
If everyone has entitlements, who pays the check?  See Feinstein, her family has millions!
People who falsely accuse someone of rape hurt real victims and should be punished as sex offenders. #GareonConley
