Berryessa Snow Mountain National Monument offers 330,000 acres of scenic vistas, beautiful flowers & unique biodiversity. I’ll fight for it.
The wildflowers of Carrizo Plain National Monument embody what we find so beautiful about California. We won’t let it go unprotected.
Each state should take care of their parks. Yes, even National Parks & Monuments
Calif’s mammoth sequoias grow almost 300 feet tall—seeing them in person is fantastic! Let’s recommit to protecting the land they grow on.
There’s nothing quite like the serenity of Calif.’s desert. You can hike Mojave Trails Nat’l Monument to see craggy vistas and wildflowers.
We fought hard to designate the 154,000 acres of Sand to Snow as a National Monument and we intend to have it stay a national monument.
San Gabriel Mountains National Monument is more than 346,000 acres of nature easily accessible to those living in L.A. It’s a special place.
Gotta love @SenFeinstein . Throws a good punch and smells the roses.  This is what governing is about.
And take action, stop illegal immigrants from walking in. We want that wall @POTUS keep fighting for Americans!
California is the most beautiful and diverse state in this nation.
Thank you for working to support our National moments. I am in total agreement -we need them and they need protection.
How? So worried about what is happening to our country.
I submitted my comment to support our #nationalparks to @SecretaryZinke. #MonumentsForAll @ALTUSNPS @AltForestServ @NPCA @NatlParkService
trump is doing and saying anything to distract people away from Russia, stay focused
All of it? The acres Obama added? How about a clear statement instead of fear mongering.
How about the national monuments in new Orleans that you libs are eliminating?
I support preserving all National Monuments and public lands, as gifts to future Americans and for our own enjoyment and appreciation!
Can we just make them state monuments? The US government can barely be relied on anymore.
The page won't load.
Thank you for providing the information
Done.
Done.
Can't Governer Brown make them CA parks if 45 removes them from federal list?
Can't get link to load. Is there a better one?
Liar !!!!!
Done! our monuments are worth it.
They should remove the biggest waste monument brown crazy train to nowhere. Oh wait ur husband company would lose the contract #spclintrst
California is going to go bankrupt because socialism does not work.
Still shows the same number: 2,360 results, hours later. Reviewers must have left early today. Wonder when more will pass review?
This from a true monument to hypocrisy & all that's wrong with the hijacked demagogic Democratic Party that's lost ALL power nationwide.
@WhiteHouseWacko wen will gov stop this president ? Y aren't we holding him to our standard? Monument land is not for sale!
With all the legal matters w this pres,no EOs or memos should be acted upon. Don't trust trump decisions when it comes to our country & life
Page won't load. Hope that means lots of folks are supporting.
How long does it take for comments to be reviewed and added to the site? Seems slow to be updated with new comments.
Rescuing from the Obama last minute grab.
With all due respect Senator, tRump is probably putting the monuments on China's version of Craig's List right now.
I live in the shadows of the giant sequoias. They are mammoth and beautiful and deserving our respect and protection
Trump talking threatens the whole country
Sen. Feinstein, STOP THE DRAMA! Leave the drama to Pelosi and Schumer.  They have it down to a science. @NancyPelosi @SenSchumer
I came here almost every spring when I was a girl--I walked these trails--they're apart of who I am...Their beauty is immeasurable.
Senator, will this really do any good? trump does what he wants with full backing of GOP Congress. All checks and balances are being fired.
If happen to work for her husband company. Awarded billion dollar contact brown crazy train to nowhere...#spclintrst
That is not true! It is to alleviate government overreaching with land grabs of thousands of acres! More #FakeNews from you!
My action is to support President Trump!
Thank you, submitted a comment. Not a lot of hope it will do any good.
Why? Dems are taking down national monuments in the south
@realDonaldTrump threatens you continuing as a US Senator.. Retirement would become you.
i really hate to say this...but don't you think there are more important issues at hand?  like say the protection of our democracy?  please!
this is Real Estate Fascism!!!
Keep your tiny hand off of all national monuments!
Here where you should be taken action Dianne....LA, San Francisco, Sacramento,  sanctuary cities !!!! This is disgraceful !! Do your job !
Prez' EO not threatening anything. EO transfers power from fed (eg you) to the states (eg Brown of CA). States control their own monuments.
Again, how big of an increase will your stock portfolio see when they start drilling?
Thank you, Senator!! #MonumentsForAll #DefendBearsEars
Done.  Our beautiful National Parks deserve our protection and support.
SEN READ ME IN WOMEN IMPROVE AT http://WORDPRESS.COM  AS GOD OF ALL SUPREME FORCE UNIVERSE.I AM YOUR PRESIDENT EXTERNA.FIND WHAT IS IT.
He is also going after the National Seashore in Cape Cod.
The American people want to end the bureaucratic regulators the working people of California are included
California oughta just tell him they're taking them back. That's what he'd do.
Monuments are for the people and they support it with donations or park visits.Why destroy something that pays for itself?
=Congressional MALPRACTICE to allow an INSANE LIAR to order troops into harms way.Appears to be decompensating in front of our eyes.ACT NOW!
Is there anything that man isn't destroying?
EMPEACH Trump AND @VP Pence for obstruction of justice & Trump for bribery of Comey. He MUST be out of office or will pardon Flynn & guilty.
Funny how true your words are - but the demon to lie about anything is Trump
We are WOKE. We are PATRIOTS.
I took an oath to protect my country against all enemies, foreign and domestic. Trump is a danger to our democracy. He is a traitor.
Yes, I took the same oath (retired Air Force) and I completely agree with you!  Thank you for your service
That was unintelligible
What the F*ck are you talking about?
Why won't you discuss the unlawful land grab instead of lying about "monuments" this is another 1% fraud scheme
The truth hurts liberal feelings
Where is outrage when they are taking down Civil War monuments?
Guess trump does not feel he needs Calif. taxes or crops! Stupid trump
Done - took only a few minutes make sure you're voice is heard!
We are exhausted protesting in vain but will march on......
Won't load
What about all the monuments being taken down in New Orleans...why dont you fight for them...They are part of our history also
The POS is DESTROYING AMERICA
So make them Cali. State Monuments....?
Socrates suffers from dementia while Plato takes notes http://bit.ly/2qYySH4 
