We know what would result—a bill that takes coverage from millions, guts Medicaid and undermines protections for pre-existing conditions.
The GOP Senate claims the insurance is high- wait until the insurance is lost. It's gonna be HIGH. And people will die.
Wait until they start flocking to the ER at $1100 a pop to taxpayers...
That's what people do 2 prevent dying on the sidewalk &the costs get spread out- we all pay. Been there, done that. Humans need medical care
and preventive care is also less costly to tax payers, ins. co.and most importantly to the patient in every way.
They sure don't seem concerned about American lives!
Sen. with respect... you do realize that Putin has completely run out of Victory Cigars by now
That's just fine because no more victories for him in our country!!
How about you put your hatred aside and actually do you damn job and work together for the good of the AMERICAN PEOPLE LIKE We pay you to do
Saw Sen.Schatz @MSNBC -he very concerned that McConnell has secret plan 2 let House version become law. Don't have 2 say how urgent to stop!
Paul Ryan got 1.6 billion for a hate wall but will let children die with no healthcare
your Republican friends have reached hatred levels for USA citizens/Obama that are in direct conflict to your Oath of office. not hyperbolic
Doesn't the spineless @GOP realize their inhumane and traitorous party will be over shortly because #2018IsNear #theResistance
Get em Ms Dianne!!!!! 
Boycott until they release the skinny bill!
Give them hell Senator!
only so they can get a 'win' for trump - this is so wrong- not listening to constituents
Really? Trump ran on it and win. Rest of AMERICA isnt the same spoiled instant gratification folks like Ca population
Enjoy your bleak future of no healthcare, social security or Medicare. That's what will happen.
thank you, Julie - I worry about healthcare, Social Security and Medicare (& Medicaid) every single day!  I also call/tweet/email my reps

What is wrong with them?! Horrible!
Secret negotiations!?
Your job isn't s to break the same rules they do and stop this. Dems r like the smart kids getting bullied! Fight back dirty
...oh geez which would mean certain death!
What about @SenJohnMcCain saying that we need to stop parliamentary tricks to avoid bipartisanship? Guess that didn't last long.
You put OC in place as as secret remember
 If you want to know what in it SIGN IT. 
DID YOU  FORGET
  WE DIDN'T 
DEMOCRATS R CROOKS LIARS
Proud that you are my Senator. Keep up the great work in support of high quality affordable health care for ALL Americans.

Yeah Mr. Distraction strikes again. He is officially the leader of the Grand Old Pricks. This guy has got to go. I feel sorry for his kids.
Is that how you do it too? Backdoor deals for the rich#hypocrite
Pls don't allow them! Millions of families and specially the most vulnerable, children and elderly would die! They can't afford this bill!
Those tactics are not exclusive to the GOP madame senator.
It's hard being in the minority. You don't get to rule like a king. Obivious you miss the power.
Wow lady you sure are a destructive human being!
Ok. Now, what are you doing about it?
Americans need to continue to call there senators and tell them no - keep posting your horror stories - Most repubs are lying about this
No. Resist. No passage. No way.
That's why whenever Turtle is talking about it, he's literally salivating.
Skinny bill would be a disaster. 15 million would lose healthcare. Premiums, that repubs wanted to go down would go up next yr by $1238.
So wrong.
WE WANT YOUR HEALTH CARE PLAN, you billionaire $$$
Then stop them! You've worked across the aisle before. Please.
Louder
well yes...and the fact that the POSPOTUS needs a win DESPERATELY
Execellent point dont allow them too this is your legacy!
Looks like what u did whn voting on #Wray Are you crazy?He is extremely corrupt & brazenly advocated for corrupt Christie. Vote NO next time
Keep fighting!! #VoteNO #Healthcare4All
Throw everything at them.  They cannot succeed.
They can pass the potatos, pass on the right and even pass gas, but do not pass this abomination of healthcare
Reminds me a great line from an old comedy: "last name of deceased, 'something Polish.'"
And you want them to pass nothing.
You don't even want to debate fixing our healthcare.
When you said you did!
Was it just a fib?
Get all the illegals off welfare& medicaid and you would have money to fund those who need it
If Trumpcare is so great why isn't the Senate signing up for it? #NoExemptions #StopTheGOP #StopTrump #StopTheSpeaker
If the dems would have joined when asked it wouldn't be secret. You're to busy obstructing progress and being a lap dog to Schumer
A one party dictatorship in Congress and a deranged mental case dictator in the White House.   Very dangerous time for our country.
Well, I don't want them to pass any bill that's come before them so far. And I don't expect much to change.
TRAITORS -- what can you say ??  Let's get rid of them ...
Sen. Feinstein...Loving the frank tweets and appreciating you getting into the fight.
"House Republicans"? Or Russians?
How about repeal all Congress health plans at same time? Would @SenJohnMcCain still vote to cancel with his medical need? #royalty
Don't let it happen with our healthcare, please. #NeverRepeal #SaveACA #VoteNo
Fake!'
RESIST
Wasn't the plan to pass anything they could on the House and the Senate would fix it? Jesus, they're morons.
this is a very sad state of affairs for our country.
Speaking about secrets 
DOJ / Lynch met with influential husband of women under investigation privately 
Do you have audio of that?
They are also all 100% full of excrement. Just sayin.

How long before.Trump distances himself when his supporters realize.he.broke his.promises. Can't call it fake news when they get the bill
Stop them please!
... as well as give Trump a victory & begin to disassemble Medicare and Social Security.
Like you did in secretly crafting and ramming the unaffordable health care act?
Weren't there a few secret meetings held by Democrats when that terrible law called Obamacare was being rammed down our throats?
And you can't do a damn thing about it.
Senate republicans couldn't pas gas....
Oops. That should say pass gas
Paranoid much. I bet you believe in the Easter bunny too
#Resistance we can't let this happen! Pull all stops until mid terms were coming!
There is a conspiracy to keep the real information from u DF
Please stop them. It will all come out as harmful for all of us if they continue this destructive path!
The business of the government should not be conducted in secrecy. Thank you @SenateDems for being transparent!
They can't alread do that?
@SenJohnMcCain promised on his honor it would be bipartisan.
Thank you for staying sane and representing the millions of us who knew better. #resist #ImStillWithHer #Healthcare #GOPFindYourMoralCompass
Keep on their asses Sen. Feinstein
U R right
Repeal the ACA then get out of our private life
Always secret. They know they are going to screw a lot of people... but they are to scared to let their constituents know
probably good to focus on ACA, avoid any red herrings thrown up for now
Nice attitude. You don't even know what the bill looks like yet. You're a fraud
Rebuttal ?

Sen.Dianne Feinstein of San Francisco,California
Sounds exactly like what you and @NancyPelosi done,
Pass it to see whats in it ,
What do you mean?
How bout you pass #singepayer  do more than just oppose the republicans senator!!! Introduce single payer healthcare!!!
"You have to pass it in order to know what's in it"
Save the working class and let Obamacare die
Yeah get the bill  to Paul Ryan who hates poor and middle class people with a passion
Do your job and have a debate
I'm tagging you in a tweet thread. #GOP WILL NOT budge and the thread will explain it!!!
They just want to free up money for ridiculous irresponsible tax cuts.
Senate Republicans just want to pass SOMETHING because it would allow them to enter into secret negotiations with House Republicans.
Need to talk more about the economic disaster this will cause.
They are looking for a swift win and pivot to tax reform.We must defeat them and save the ACA.
What is it that they are trying to protect?
