But...this happened in the WH...http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/trump-pulls-back-obama-era-protections-women-workers-n741041 …  #IMPEACHTRUMP
Conflating sexual harassment with unequal pay. In 20+yrs managing pay plans I have never seen a plan that paid women less for the same work.
You must not have looked very hard. Every place I worked, women were paid less for exactly the same - and sometimes higher - positions.
We ran stats on every job and compared the rates for job and time in job. No statistically significant differences between males/females.
These were relatively large organizations with strong ethics. Smaller orgs would have difficulty performing this analysis due to small #s
I worked for large and small organizations. Same thing. Less pay. And, trust me, women know diff. btw. lower pay and sexual harassment.
Do you know, or just not care, how much of the gap is due to discrimination & how much is due to career choice & other factors?#EqualPayDay
Even if it's 1% which it is not; it is not right.
I agree, but the point is that it is not 22%.
And career choice makes no difference. No matter what people should all be paid fairly / plus I'm self employed as are many many others
Yes I am. ! I also deserve the head of household exemption which DT plans to cut.
If 'he' makes $15/hr for position 'X', she should be making $15/hr for position 'X'.
You are singing to the choir there friend
I know...
@geewheezie Lets work on getting #DeadbeatDads to support their children-Single mothers are NOT the ONLY parent! #EqualPayDay
Why are they having sex with these #deadbeatdads ?
Oh yeah...like a woman knows her husband won't pay child support after divorce...
"Husband" 
Thank you for saying this. Now let's have a day for men not paying child support. I wonder how that stat would factor into #EqualPayDay
My thought EXACTLY! #DeadbeatDadPayUpDay
Hmmm..what day should it be? April 1st sounds good for #DeadBeatDadPayupDay. Because we'd all be thinking we had been pranked if played..
It's amazing how #DeadbeatDads don't pay child support & then try to use the kids as tax write-offs!
If a woman is not paid fairly she is a bad negotiator
@carlymbutton they are paid the same for same jobs. The stats are very misleading.
I admit, I hate stats, but I know a lot of USA women who struggle bc of this unequality. CA is definitely more helpful in raising families.
Then they should work the equal amount of time, have equal experience and choose equal jobs. The gap is a myth.
so you don't work as hard and put in as many hours as a man, Cuz I know I do!
Equal pay for equal work
I can do anything a man can do, maybe something's even better! I work harder than my husband but he makes more
Do you do the same job? Same position? Same company? Same time with the company? Same qualifications? Same amounts of overtime and time off?
No he's in wholesale & I am n home health, he puts n 8 hrs a day, I put n 13! Ur right he should make more! 
Companies pay differently. If you want to be paid more find a new job. You can't expect to be paid the same for a different job.
Damn straight Diane! Especially in Silicon Valley where everyone needs to work to survive! I lost my job and fighting to get the benefits!
I expect you have data to back this up right?   Oh I forgot. Facts are not your forte. Just puke bs comments out there for fun
"I believe in equality but women are more important than men"
And they ARE paid fairly.
Nothing about this should matter other than if you work you get paid the same as the next person. Period. Man, woman, shouldn't matter.
High Quality Early Care & Education centers are the missing link in breaking the glass ceiling #ecewins by supporting working women
No one actually believes this big load of shit, do they?
where did you get this bullshit "fact" from?
Do you not know simple math? Maybe that's why you don't deserve equal pay
Strong women will have died knowing you are attempting to put yet another insignificant white man in a seat of the supreme court.
Alt right evangelical GOP reps refuse to acknowledge this fact, instead pretending all women have ability/desire to be fulltime homemakers
Like Hillary did. Oh that's right she paid her female staffers less than her male staffers. You hypocrite
ERA NOW
Bullshit old woman!
Idiot = Feinstein wake up.SF, she is using gender card to divide us. Vote her out, she is bad for America
Can you just change genders to become a man and solve the problem?
Keep fighting for a Senator ,thank you ,thank you ,thank you
You're a joke
How about we start w/ALL WOMEN being paid the same! WOMEN OF COLOR are paid FAR LESS than white women for the same work! #EQUALPAYDay
Maybe once WOMEN get #EQUALPAYDAY for WOMEN OF COLOR perhaps collectively we can take on MEN! Get it together LADIES!
equal pay already law. how about equal hairdo & shoes?
We can't even move forward until this illegitimate President and ALL His men are out of DC, and we can reverse the damage he's done.
With all the evidence against Trump mounting - how can we allow him to continue as POTUS & destroy U.S.?  Pause this presidency!!
Women deserve a living wage while on maternal..women deserve it all, to fight against womenhood is to slight your mother. #EqualPayDay
"Fairness" determined by the govt is usually unjust & unfair
They are. They are legally paid the same as a man for the same amount of education and experience.
How are they not being paid a fair wage? Isn't there already laws preventing exactly that?
Senator, how many years you have been in the senate, you have sat on your fat but and done nothing about it. And you voted against The judge
We already are.
I would bet a lot of us are really deserving of being paid more than men. Just sayin.
#Women had a chance4 #EqualPay  but got grabbed&gave the grabber a chance, mean while hating her...!! smh........
We already are paid fairly by law. #pickabetterjob #knowyourworth #imnotoppressed #stoplying
Tell it to @SenWarren who pays women less than men.
They are, you man hating sexist embarrassment of a representative.
Why do Democrats pay women less than their counterparts put your money where your mouth is
Women should have today off with or without pay.
#EqualPayDay
They are paid fairly the wage gap is a myth
And they are.
They are.  Stop lying.
For doing nothing like you. Just running off at the mouth
You are definitely overpaid
This is an old argument.  Trump pays his female employees more.  Hillary pays her's less.  You fight Trump.  U have no Soul do you?
They are paid fairly. The pay Gap is a myth
My wife makes more than me.
So does mine! It's because of what we do!!
Just make sure you can spy on them as well.
Geez! People who listen to you must really be stupid!!!! We all have to work double to pay for your crap!!!!
Start with hypocrite, lying Senator "Fake-A-Hontas Warren who under pays her female employees compared to her male employees. How about you?
Then make laws for your State & donate 50% of your over paid salary to women
Is that why Susan Rice LIED?
Get some bread and make me a sammich.

Absolutely
Put men to work and women back to taking care of family! Not barefoot and pregnant, teaching our children right from wrong!
EXACTLY
So why not pay them with the money you are making from your husband's sale of government properties
You should pass a law making it illegal to pay a woman less.
Women deserve to be paid fairly even if they represent a minority of households, but u r right to show how important they r:)
Two-thirds is not a minority @scottbecker  @senfeinstein
I used the wrong tense. I meant to present the hypothetical: even if minority of households had female support, women still deserve 2B= !
They are
They already make as much as men when you look at it on a job by job basis ...the numbers you use are skewed to make it look otherwise
I just put in 86 hours in 6 days! So tell me again how a woman can't keep up! That's in a hospital, where we stay busy!
whaaaat Diane are You not paid fairly?
what happen to the men in this #family or significant other
And they are...
You're right and guess what, they are.
Paid for what job? Please specify examples of same job, expericance and education where this gap is prevalent.
Oh wait, Pocahontas Warren’s female staffers make an average of 71 cents for every dollar her male employees earn
The department of labor exist for a reason. Its illegal to pay someone less for the same job based on their gender.
Elizabeth Warrens Female Staffers Made 71% of Male Staffers Salaries in 2016 Explain this Huge Forehead Feinstein 
NURSES of COLOR areWORTHLESS in America! My White Boss would tell me "Latina American Nurses were Only WORTH their last F++K" WorkPlantation
That person is a IGNORANT INDIVIDUAL, 1st & 4most ur "R" valuable 2 GOD.. The colonial mindsets of Some Caucasians ppl still here, racism is
OH HERE WE GO! "We" had NOTHING to do with the Aztec inability to fight off Spaniards. Play that race card, eternal victim.
It looks like you know as much about working class families as you do Title 29 of U.S.C. That being nothing. #EqualPayDay is already a thing
These women should be having sex with more successful men.
let me guess, you are a more successful man! So now all women should be gold diggers?
Just like your POS sister? Clinton Found. - 2013, when the highest-paid women earned 63 cents for every dollar made by the highest-paid men.
They are Sen.! Do you have proof otherwise? Stop promoting a false narrative, using misleading data to garner sympathy. #liberallogic
Thank you Sen Feinstein!
Wanna work an 80 hour week with me for the next 8 week lets see how well you hold up @books2luv
Women deserve all the employment rights that men have.They also deserve respect and freedom from sexual assault
T Ivanka just took it all way again protection from pay harassment and can't report it bad not my President or First Lady
you can't even make a coherent statement. I hope nobody pays you at all
I'm truly proud of you and your stance on this vital issue. Keep safe and healthy for us. We need women in Office like yourself.
Jesus please help us! 
What in the hell do you think the law is? Same job same wages. Been that way for years.
They are paid fairly.  Women make 2% MORE than men for the same jobs with the same level of experience.
Surely you're joking! Have you ever been outside the house?
No, I'm not joking.  The data backs me up.  When accounting for choices in education and years of experience there is no difference.
you're right they need to be paid equally what did you do about it the last 8 years during the Obama Administration (fail)

Wtf?
