And your point would be what exactly?
The NRA is sending out false propaganda she's correcting a conspiracy theory that wrong on 2 points.
That is not a fact. And you know it she has fought the NRA a number in Congress introducing new bills.
The NRA didn't make the law. She and others now screaming were MIA.
LaPierre is a shill for gun manufacturers!MANY NRA MEMBERS are for tougher firearms control!I DOUBT laPierre let’s his kids go to concerts!
It was an Obama admin that allowed for bumbstocks. What was the rationale then and why is it bad now?
It was Obama's Republican Congress/Senate..get-it-right!
He was still POTUS in charge of the ATF. What was the rationale then and why outcry now, not then?
It means that the laws have to be changed! The A.T.F. follows the laws!
But Eric Holder and Obama admin approved them
Knew Conway was lying about something
Something? You meant everything.
need to give ATF the authority to regulate Bump stocks and more direction from congress too
No more gun control  we need to control the problm any one agenst guns the crime rate is low in texas because everyone carrys a gun or more
Here's an idea...
This week, it's let's ban bump stocks! ... Next week, it's let's ban semi-auto guns altogether. #2AShallNotBeInfringed
Your Obama man-child had no problem with bump stocks. They were legal under his watch.  BTW, where were you? You had no objection either.
Fact yall haven't done this either.
But u were in office weren’t you? The concern was where?
Get rid of larger capacity magazines & number of magazines people can have. No one needs hundreds of rounds or a personal arsenal.
unless your affraid of a govt military takeover.
FACT: You are senile and should resign your post.
Sen Feinstein,laPierre said POTUS 44 approved bump stocks! From all I’ve read,he did NOT approve,he simply said the ATF had no authority to!
Any VIOLTNCE THAT GOING ON IS FROM DEMOCRATS & LIBERALS PEOPLE THAT WANT IT ALL
Fact: When you brought all of those guns to lie about their uses you broke the law.
FACT:  You are for the confiscation of virtually all guns.
There it is. Dumbest thing I’ve read this morning. And it’s only 7:30.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1_LaBJvI0BI … - Don't you even feel more dumb today?  IT's 9:15 PM.
We dont need gun control we need people control
there must be more to this issue than this. who helped and was in on it. I doubt we are getting the truth. is being kept from us.
I think we should make it clear, THEY HAVE THE AUTHORITY!
Give ATF the authority. If you are serious you can do it.
What did Obama do about this. Yall had power in past. Why did you not do this then.
its time meds  and a diper  change.
THE LOS VEGAS SHOOTING=100% HOAX=FAKE SHOOTER&VICTIMS AGAIN!Read: http://tl.gd/n_1sq82m4  #NRA #GUN CONTROL RIGHTS FALSE FLAG #HOAX  #NEWS
THE LOS VEGAS SHOOTING=100% HOAX=FAKE SHOOTER&VICTIMS AGAIN!Read: http://tl.gd/n_1sq82m4  #NRA GUN CONTROL RIGHTS #PEPPERS TRUMP FALSE FLAG
Such a dumb thing to worry about.bump stocks  . . . . Really do you know anything about firwarms.
The time for action is now.  Inaction can no longer be the answer.
Thank god our forefathers made sure Dianne can't dismantle the constitution as it's not hers to do so!!
Difi this fake bump stock story, LAME!  More so since YOU, DIFI ARE A GUN CRIMINAL YOURSELF!
WASTE OF TIME. CRIMINALS WON'T OBEY. WHEN WILL YOU GET IT? First & foremost, it is against the law to kill people...
NRA TROLL
Reduce the number of guns in our state! Ca can once again lead the nation.
kets talk Harvey Weinstein
This was approved under Obama
do you and the other libtards understand what "shall not be infringed" means? obviously not!

Idiot
So Congress needs to act.
The constitution was wrote so we can protect ourselves from out of control government like you.. Why dont you give up your guns and security
Right
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1905505326380506&id=1859948660936173&ref=bookmarks …
Who gives the ATF their authority?  CONGRESS. If it is a fact why didn’t u change it?  U sold out. #Draintheswamp
Didn't Obama approve of the bump stocks?
Gun control is not a 4 letter word. Even freedom of speech has limitations-not allowed to yell fire in a movie theater. Go get em Feinstein!
Your God Obama approved the Bump Stock Feinstein you don't deserve to be representing WE THE AMERICAN http://PEOPLE.you  did nothing
Blood on their hands
Fact!: This means the device did not violate the Gun Control Act or the NFA right??
If they made it clear why didnt YOU do something to stop it then Hipocrite
Firearms lovers, keep ur damn guns! Hope u don't get shot up by one of Your own kind!  #Punks and killers need guns to feel tough!
So what. Quit trying to blame people and complain. Do a job decently and quit contributing to the failure of Congress.
Take my gun dare you!
Rt:
And they shouldn't regulate them now. @SenFeinstein Id love to speak to you and pick your brain to know why you think how you do. It's wrong
And who was the President oh ya Obam ass
Time to fix this finally I hope.
Oh please Dianne, are you really that stupid? If you want to pass a bill to make us safe, pass a Liberal Control Bill, no guns for DEMS
Good! They shouldn't.  They're already infringing on a contract you yourself SWORE AN OATH (a promise) to uphold and defend. Why do you lie?
Dear GOD, by whatever name use, WHEN is enough , ENOUGH ! Even automatic firearms, any kind, have ZERO business in the general public !
https://www.facebook.com/newlypress/videos/1905505326380506/ …
WHY???  To many $$$$  from  NRA???
You've got it!!!
One would think the F in ATF would apply to any and all segments of the gun industry. Just saying.....
FACT: @FBI and @ATF are reponsible for the largest mass murder of Americans by Americans in history 78 Men, Women and Children at Waco.
One gov't agency has common sense.  BATF doesn't regulate baseball bats either.
Pity the fool Senator who thinks guns are only for Congress.
And who was president then ?
Doesn't matter whose the President, it's the money hungry politicians in Washington that controls that and the Presidents
2010 ?  Well, how did LV shooter gain 12 ?
The ATF didn't. Obama and his pen continued regulation
What say you about that, @KellyannePolls?! cc @ChrisCuomo
One more Q for Kellyanne & @PressSec:  How is "now" not the time to discuss #commonsense #GunContol—but IS the time to use #LV to fundraise?
Moving on MANTEL people here
ATF after The Fact 
FACT. You are incapable of telling the truth.  And how much has your billionaire husband donated to the PR relief fund ?  Anything at all?
You had the authority to ban them. This is on you libs as usual. Obama was too busy borrowing a trillion $'s a year. Thanks Diane.
Another liberal lie. They were approved. Even CNN says so. Why didn't you move to ban them immediately!?  No. You sat on your butt as usual.
FACT:  @SenFeinstein did NOTHING to change bump stocks in 2010. Quit passing the buck
Where were you with fast & furious, you know when all those guns were sent across the border, recover those guns.
Senator proves congress did nothing to regulate bump stocks. Continue to hold funding from agency that enforces gun laws. #fundtheATF
So what?!!!
Fact 1: It wasn't an issue back then.
Fact 2: why didn't you go after bump stocks then.
Fact 3: you don't need a bump stock to bump stock.
so i assume u promptly submitted a bill to do so?
Republican congress senators apparently didn't read these bills it was just no They and the president would need to read what they vote on
Your President, Obama,and your party, the Democrats, must carry the cross for allowing this product to be sold, possessed and used.
Push for more funding for ATF and less funding for ICE
Why not? Give it to them.
They can make a suggestion ?
Congress does, but your too busy with getting re-elected to actually pass better laws.
Deedee, in 2010 the @TheDemocrats had the @WhiteHouse, the House, and the Senate. Why didn't you amend the law? Blood on your hands

The killers in the Charlie Hebdo attacks broke every French/EU law and regulation designed to 'stop' gun violence. It's the man not the gun
True guess who had the final say in their approval, you're pal Obama
Next is banning cars fools
Thank you for your attempt to ban bump-stocks in 2013. So good to know we have good leadership.  Sorry this was neglected by others.
That's not true at all! They said "...a firearm part and is not regulated as a firearm under Gun Control Act or the National Firearms Act."
“we find the ‘bump stock is a firearm part and is is not regulated as a  firearm under the Gun Control Act or National Firearms Act.” True.
U supported sanctuary cities that allow criminals to run free so shut up
Interesting for many reasons 
With clandestine efforts to injure innocent people becoming more and more prevalent the enactment of firearm laws ought to be given to FBI.
Well you all were in control of the government why didn’t you do something?
No
Weren’t you a Senator in 2010?
Worry about the illegals here in California first. Instead of what happened in another state
Probably because the Guns were already illegal.
It’s becoming more clear that you have no idea what you’re talking about! No one has said what type of guns where used.
So... it's @ATFHQ fault?
is there something like that for gun/bullet purchases. this could alert authorities for unusual activity?
There is a registry that pharmacists can see if someone received narcotics from different pharm's.....
How come the ATF didn't know that Paddock bought 33 guns in a very short amount of time?

What's so special about the Black peoples that every culture wants a piece of then?!
They are strong...and only the democrats want them..no one wants slaves but your people..


We all know Michelle is a "Tranny"  but who killed Joan Rivers? https://twitter.com/trumpsterMG/status/914514286852104192/video/1 …

https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.csmonitor.com/layout/set/amphtml/World/Security-Watch/Backchannels/2015/0421/How-the-fall-of-Qaddafi-gave-rise-to-Europe-s-migrant-crisis …

https://youtu.be/Fgcd1ghag5Y 

https://youtu.be/sG33DxHuCdY 

https://youtu.be/LM8bwTNN8EE 

https://youtu.be/VGO-nFcD_MQ 

When has that EVER stopped them before?
It was under the Obama administration a few years later that the ATF APPROVED bump stocks.
ThanX 4ClearingUP BS thatMen Do, 2CoverUP their INCAPABLEDecent WORK!Here Comes the Reinforcements
Having been aware of the problem that long ago, why are we in this situation today?  Please continue to push for better control of firearms.
Yet Obama "approved" them twice. None of you nincompoops in government have ANY authority to restrict OUR firearms. NONE!!
Good... let’s keep it that way
try as hard as you want to,you won't be able to hang this on POTUS.kinda frustrating isn't it,when people see thru you.
Fact: @BarackObama  could have issued an executive order banning them. We all know how fond he was of using his pen and phone.
The real issue is the lack of moral fiber creeping into our society. Kicking Jesus out of every institution & people turning to secularism
Why didn’t congress do something?  Almost 8 years ago!
So SURPRISE that's who the NRA suggest deal w/ them. More NRA propaganda.
We are not asking anymore. No more of us are to be sacrificed on the altar of the NRA #GunControlNow or we will vote everyone for NRA out!
None of the mass shootings were carried out by NRA members
Didn’t say they were. BUT the NRA pays politicians to push looser laws & block any restrictions.
So y'all in congress failed the American people.....
Your buddies from antifa just called for all their followers to destroy Christopher Columbus statues. 

I'll bet you'll back them.
Did you share this with Wayne Lapierre
That's what you get paid to do. Get off Twitter & work with #GOP & do your job!
I hope you sent this same tweet to POTUS. "Get off Twitter & do your job."
fact when congress heard this they rushed to do nothing, now they blame the NRA
Your King Obama approved it

What it means is it's up to the GOP now to clean up the Democrats / Obama mess
Actually they do not have that authority per the Constitution, but I would be more concerned with logic and reason being a roadblock.

Alan, most career criminals don't commit mass murder. Most mass murders have been done by law abiding citizens with legally obtained weapons
now that both parties have a nazi wing we need guns to protect ourselves from you. id buy one if i could afford one
That means that Obama chose not to do anything about it.
Like everything else
Where was the NRA lobbying to make them illegal if they are so deadly that now they are speaking up?
What about their "guns don't kill people..." line?
If I put that stock on my hairdryer, how many people can I harm?  Oh. Maybe it is the guns that kill....
You get the award for special kind of ignorant
And Congress wrote the law? So Congress' short sightedness created this situation. THANKS FOR CLEARING THIS UP FOR ME!
We need a post-911 effort to shut down the gun business. Buybacks, government takeover of the manufacturers and public info campaign.
2/2 
American gun deaths equals 2 1/2 747s crashing every week. Australia did it, so can we
you have no right to make any law about our guns, read the 2nd amendment witch.
Do you belong to a well regulated militia? Do you have the right to own a rocket launcher? How about a howitzer? Good luck fighting the Army
Oh for God's sake... Somebody do something about this menace!
There's nothing in the constitution about healthcare
Focus on bringing jobs back to CA! Where 20% of Californians are living in poverty!  Support tax reform and tax cuts. Bring jobs back to CA
Well, now that the NRA approves I'm sure the GOP will get right to work 
Nice. Really good call. MOT.
Let's not pretend that regulating bump stocks now is "enough". That was low hanging fruit left out of past legislation for JUST this reason
Where were YOU when OBAMA GREENLIGHTED THEM??????????????????????
You had total control in 2010, why didnt YOU do something?
Revisionist history. Look again. She said 2010.
Yes she did say 2010. Do you need to look again?
Well now . There you go Einstein !!!
What does this mean?
It mean President Obama didn’t *legalize* these devices like.@GOP is spouting...
That means that Obama chose not to do anything about it.
Like everything else
Who did then?
YES, thank you...HOLLOW NRA SUPPORT.  Thank you for continuing to fight!
Just another day lol bing in the hood !!!! http://AllAmericansForPresidentTrump.com 
But you did!
