Why not fix California so 1/3 aren't in poverty?  What if republicans could grow economy provide jobs so that 1/3 could get ins on own.
Texas has a higher poverty rate than California Fix your own damn house!
I guess you couldn't understand the graph. When adjusted for geography CA has the HIGHEST rate. Makes sense. 3.50 vs 2.05 for gas.
And what graph would that be? Because I can show you reports from 2012-2015 that prove you lie Try again
the one I included in a prior response. Why is it always right to lying?
There is no graph from you in any of our comments
Sorry. Wikipedia link. Had table under States. I'm new at this.
Does Medicaid pay for penis enlargement? Asking for a friend...
I guess u need one
you can't read, asking for a friend. What if that friend has a 5" penis and seriously needs enlargement?
Haha whoa 5" would be amazing! For my friend.
Free Market and economic sustainability first, save our kids futures!
So 1 in 3 Californians are leaching off American citizens, good to  know... What are the odds that nearly 1 in 3 are ALSO illegal aliens?
Republicans simply DO NOT CARE WHO OR HOW MANY PEOPLE THEY HURT.  Immoral and unethical.  Or as trump says....MEAN.
and WHY is that number so high? Done your homework? I have.
Why? So dirt bags on drugs and people that don't want to work get it FREE? I'm tired of my taxes being wasted!
Working poor need it
I agree with you jean, but these damn people who refuse to even look for work and sit at home on welfare and eat bomboms dont
I worked hard, 2 jobs a time. I had a full-time job n a med transcript bus. I typed SSI apps. 1 ladies prob backache when walking with TV.
That's even more than voted here illegally! Thank you for your voice! This Californian supports all you are fighting for!
Save Medicaid.  Tell Brown to stop spending money. Pretty simple.
make DevonNunez n any other California GOP face these people relying on Medicaid, @ town halls asap b4 they r 2sick 2fightback
Even Trump has been proven to still have illegals Woking for him. Bet they can't afford ins.
drive this point home
why so many on Medicaid where is programs to get people working
And more than half are milking it!
Or figure out a way to get people productive!!!
Election results R 4, D 0.  Rejected by Americans for your hateful behavior and lack of ideas.
PLEASE!
But I'm sure Hollywood will be happy to open their checkbooks to help those less fortunate  MAGA
California who cares. Separate from the Union. Your economy is in a death spiral and if you loose Federal Funding your done. Be careful.
How?  With no Democrats being able to participate or having enough votes to stop it.
Going bankrupt! Huge ponzi scheme!
Why don't you figure out why 1 in 3 are on it? Your socialistic ideals do not work. Who is to pay for the free stuff?
Keep fighting!
Agree. All children regardless of race or color need healthcare.
in the United Socialists of CA, some counties have 50% of their residents on MediCal. Please keep paying taxes America CA needs ur tax $$$
We'd better get to work on raising a THIRD of our people out of poverty!!
Raise the debt limit to $100 trillion! #resist!
Most are probably illegal
Trump will deepen the divide between the 1% & rest.States will have to open sub-standard Clinics & we'll be a 3rd World Nation.Doctors flee.
Ma'am fix you're California economy and that many people wouldn't be but it would take conservative leaders to do it
It is time for 1 in 3 people in CA to accept their #EmployerSponsoredHealthPlan & begin helping pay their own way #TrumpCare make mandatory!
California must develop alternative healthcare - community care programs in cooperation with hospitals, nursing homes, physicians.
California is not a good representative of the country
Really!?  You're highlighting that 1/3 of Californiaians live near the Federal Poverty line.  #saveCaliforniaEconomy
ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS ON THE PUBLIC DOLE MUST BE DEPORTED.  NO FOREIGN GOV'T WOULD SUPPORT YOU ILLEGALLY. THIS INSANITY MUST BE STOPPED.
R u planning to do scutt work they do? R u willing to not eat Chinese, N Mexican food when the restaurants close. Who will pick fruit n vegs
How many are illegals
Proving, by far, that your amazing mathematical capabilities alone qualify you for the office you hold.
Yea, how about bringing job and opportunity to Californians rather than more welfare.
You need to get some of them off of Medicare,the free loaders and illegals, that the problem.The retired citizens depend on it.they paid 4it
That tells us something is horribly wrong. And wrong with you to think it's ok. Amazing. What happened to common sense and accountability
So...what do you want ME to do about it?
What of this number are citizens of Ca 
At least no matter what happens, my kitties will still have great,affordable health insurance thru Nationwide
That's why they want to kill it they hate California because it lost them the popular vote
Sad we have made so many people dependant.  CA is the welfare capital.
congrats
Knowing Trump' is very vindictive, it's not hard to believe this healthcare bill is election revenge. Maybe a poke at his TrumpU loss, too.
Are you 'there' yet on #medicareforall ?
Are you not bothered and concerned that one in three are on Medicaid??  Seems like something is wrong with that.
That's fucked up is what that is. #nannystate
Well, it is likely that somewhere between $880B and $1.2T is going to be cut
so the wealthy can get "help" with their taxes.
33% of California citizens covered by Medicaid for the poor is a good thing? @SenateGOP @NRSC @SenateMajLdr @JohnCornyn @POTUS
GOP won't, they want it all to implode so they can blame Obama.
Then #RepealAndReplace The ACA don't cover hearing Aids we need a heathcare bill that does currently Hearing Aids are not fully covered.
we should just go single payer.
Why is a third of the state on Medicaid is the real question.
My Taxes pay for these freeloaders, lazy drug addicted democrat voters, no way!
actually, a lot of your tax dollars bankroll red states that suck up a disproportionate amount of fed tax revenue
Save it for legal citizens
Do you think @RandPaul realizes how cutting Medicaid will cripple the economy in part of his state? Is that what his constituents want?
I think they do you don't realize how pigheaded these people are
I'm guessing they forget their constituents aren't simply the ones who finance campaigns or agree with their views.
They'd rather go down with the ship,  have to think of republicanism like an incurable disease. S/T happens it's Dems fault or God's will
They definitely act like a cult of abuse victims anymore. They are always explaining, defending & rationalizing the indefensible.
How about California saving millions now going to illegals and using that money on medical.
GOP cheat,as long as they cheat,what hope do we have?
