I will urge them to vote against it.
The majority of Americans support single payer. How can you sign a 700 billion dollar defense bill but not endorse #Medicare4All ??????? 
One lady find me her name is fanna in the fewther protct me don't fotget.
U ask any senator not just republicans, think as I know it’s difficult for u
Bump Stocks isn’t the answer. Ban the assault weapons.
Can you define an "assault" weapon? Do you blame cars for drunk drivers? Cars should come standard with breathalyzer.
Can you think of a good use for an assault weapon? Please don’t say hunting. If you can’t hit a deer with a single shot, you can’t handle it
Assault is an action. And automatic weapons have been illegal since 1930s. There is a difference. Know what you are talking about first.
I know what I’m talking about asshole. I served in the army. A R-15’s  and AK-47s have no use in the public society.
YES!!! I’ve been putting the pressure on @SenCoryGardner. Thank you 
I do not support you (or any senator) violating your oath and my constitutional rights.
YOU DO NOT HAVE A CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHT TO BUMP STOCKS OR LARGE CAP MAGAZINES! No one does! If you need something like that to defend....
Where in the Constitution does it provide those limits?
I SAID the Constitution does NOT give you the right to own bump stocks or high capacity magazines! You tell me where it says you can!!!
Right to keep & bear arms
.. Not right to keep & bear weapons of war!!! Entirely different thing!!
Where does it differentiate in the Constitution?  The citizens had the same arms as the military.
Amazing that anyone would not support this bill. Any @GOP who does not support this bill is condoning mass murder.
Any weapon doesn't fire by itself. Ludicrous statement. I support the second amendment but I don't condom what happened
Good
Thank you @SenFeinstein ! Excited to support you for re-election!
If I were a Rep. Senator I'd say, "Whatever. The bill will do little or nothing, but whatever, it can't hurt much."
Why the hell don't you have at least 48? WTF @dscc ?
@lisamurkowski, expect you will support this bill.
It needs to outlaw possession as well.  If it doesn't, then it's useless.
With Americans Finally having hope again under Trump. Sen Feinstein let Obama divide America only bringing liberals together. Not Americans.
Have you ever seen a gun jump up and shoot someone? No it's the nut behind the trigger that kills. Do you have a bodyguard with a gun?
Won't pass.... why not reach across the aisle to get Republican support... you're just grandstanding for votes.... VOTE HER OUT
Not a blacksmith could be found in Israel, because the philistines had said, otherwise the Hebrews will make swords and spears. 1samuel13:19
nope I urge my representatives to fight you liberal progrssive comunists on every issue You are a prime example of why we need term limits
Tresery Director give it to him and he give to me.Don't give for him for me.
Send for me perfuem andthings what i need.
Tuesday.
Ok.  Vote to put Hillary in jail and then you can vote on bump stocks.  She's committed more crime than it has.
A patriotic NRA would make sure none of those senators ever is re-elected in their lifetimes.   They have no grant of power to ban anything.
What would we be supporting? Could you tweet a link to the latest draft when you tweet?
Never mind. I found it. There were at least two S.1916s
Again, not enough. My own GOP senator backs this and that tells me how disingenuous this bill is.
Will that solve the problem?  All you know how to do it as more laws.  how do you truly solve the problem?
@SenateGOP There are no Republicans who have the courage. They are wholly owned by the @NRA
Low hanging fruit. Legislate more.
What's in the rest if the bill cause you are politicians  and I don't trust that it's just a bill to ban bump stocks
We will
Well..it's like this..MOST of us want reasonable gun control...like NOT allowing 400-800 rpm to be fired upon innocent people! ANYONE who...
votes AGAINST what the vast majority of us want...NEEDS TO GO! WE WILL REMEMBER WHO YOU ARE!!!
Is that socialism I smell?
Read the 2nd amendment.  Nowhere does it say anything about background checks. Restrictions, banning anything.
Yes, we need the #Democrats to look like they’re doing something while not doing anything at all! That’ll shut up the late night talk hosts!
What’s the big deal. You people can’t ban a piece of wood?  How stupid is this. You people make me sick. I’m embarrassed by my government!
Where are all the Ds? We need 100% of us on this one, we can’t agree on this very small item we will not get anything meaningful
Thank you, Dianne!
#resist remember?!
No thanks
Senator, you are morally repugnant. Your swore to uphold the constitution and you're a liar, plain and simple. Please resign or  pass away.
ATF regulations first. Then follow eficacy. Then legislation if required.
Last I checked there were 48 Democrat senators. May want to take a fresh look at your bill if you can’t even get all your members on board
How about a trade? Bump stocks for o-care? Seems fair and equitable, if you're sincere. Let's see what you really value. #maga
saw you on Meet the Press today and agree need to ban bump stocks now has soon has we can
Repeal Obamacare first.

This is small potatoes. Obama never came for their guns, so let's do the right thing and keep mentally unstable people from owning them,ACA!
Let go of power, don't run again. The power hungry will hold on to power till death. #corrupt #politics
Ok. GOP. GET WITH IT AND AGREE ON SOMETHING. SWALLOW YOUR PRIDE THIS IS A GOOD THING TO SUPPORT.
Thanks Dianne!!!
What is 1916 tell us
THEY OUGHT TO BAN YOU !
Thank you!!
Maybe you should focus on someone that bought the guns.  30 in 6 months should raise red flags fast.  Bump stocks is not the solution
Ban large magazines too!!! Go back to ban @SenFeinstein 🖒
Do you actually think someone intent on getting a high cap mag wouldn't just 3D print one, knock out the limiter, or buy off street?
No Fakenstein
Dear Sen, Ban #BUMPSTOCK is NOT enough. Australia under a very #conservative leadership achieved more than a drop in the bucket.#GunControl
@SenateGOP. Please support S. 1916 and bravely show Americans you care about gun safety laws.
Instead of cherry picking, a comprehensive gun and ammunition restriction law needs to be put in place.
#TermLimits  #2AShallNotBeInfringed
Absolutely not
I’m disappointed in u Dianne. If we had laws on the number of guns or the type of magazines or semi automatic weapons change this now!
I guess you need more than 59 fatalities just to get to 40.
Wait a minute. The Obama Legacy is all about Bump Stocks. He and his ATF supported it.
Is it a clean bill Feinstein?
Will do!
#NevadansForS.1916
Do you think @SenatorBurr & @SenThomTillis, who are massively on the take from the NRA, could overcome greed & get a conscience? I bet not.
Shouldn't all Dems be on board with this? Why only 38?
It doesn't go far enough. If the NRA is for the first time ready to cave, that says it's meaningless to them. Registration, registrations
FELLOW REPUBLICANS I URGE YOU TO FOLLOW SEN FEINSTE IN PASSING S1916 !WE MUST PROTEC PRECIOUS LIVES !WE CANNOT LET MURDER OF INNOCENT GO ON

Will not prevent another mass murderer - laws made, laws broken. Gun laws penalize innocent Free 2nd Ammendment Guaranteed Citzens freedoms
We would like to urge Senators to know wtf they are taking about first.
Does the shit music in the background serve as some kind of brainwashing mechanism?
@SenJohnMcCain What’s your position on bump stocks Mr McCain? Arizona is interested in your view and the   sanction issues?? Reply John!
Threaten to expose their ties to Russia.
If that's all you guys are focused on, it's pitiful.
Ok, Dianne, let's start with the basics, 218 Representatives AND 60 Senators, seems like you are a TAD short in more than just intellect.
Ban politicians that use a crisis to pass legislation solely based on emotions. I spit in the face of any politician that uses that tactic
Without the spit though, that's simple assault.
Muhahahaaa, yea, right
Just ask those who don't how they feel about their families?
