I wish healthcare was provided by the federal gov, not my employer. That way, if I got laid off, I'd still be covered. Medicaid for all!
Works for many European nations and Canada could work 4 US if GOP gets their shit together
Many working 60 hrs a week have no access to needed health care, now.  One technician has no teeth (no dental) & can't afford dentures.
Wth OC he could've chosen affordable plan had work done daughter had OC lowest cost plan n had good ins wth TC no1 will b able 2 afford it
#GOPDONTGIVEAF0CK #GOPHATESICKPOOR #GOPHATEVETS #WANNABDICKTRAITOR #Scruples4Rubles #DIGNITYOVERMONEY #Hyprocrasy #TakeMine then #TakeYours
#obstructionist
Keep fighting @SenFeinstein  we need you
.... and will ALL face a lifetime cap. this bill hurts EVERYONE
Demand a Trump/Sanders TV debate on the senate healthcare bill. Trump made the promises 2 his loyal followers. He should be able 2 defend it
What has Sanders got to do with anything?  With health?  I heard he ran for president and lost in the primaries.
Sanders is a senator and was well liked. He would be the best spokes person for Dems.  Trump made the promises not to make cuts, defend it.
That is why we look to great leaders like @SenRandPauI , because @SenFeinstein is useless.....
Middle working class will have lifetime limits, excluded coverage, tax credit phase out, and higher premiums. We will pay more for less
There's also yearly caps. 500,000 was the most common. I wrote policies.
Probably should require insurance companies to participate in exchange if they are going to sell insurance in a state.
How about giving US  a tax cut?
So you finally admit that Obamacare did not make healthcare affordable, good start, now help Trump fix it and stop with your partisan BS
The schedule a vacation at president own properties and bill the tax payers
It's clear Feinstein doesn't care about the economic engine of our country, small business. What does Feinstein care, multi millionaire.
A lot of Americans working full time now still can't afford it. We need to fix the system & not by killing the vulnerable.
The first party to achieve single payer wins. Wise up, Dems!
Well of course this is how we ensure people that never worked a day in their life get the very best coverage
Come out for Single Payer like Senator Warren did today. Listen to your constituents' voices or you will be replaced soon enough.
That's y my daughter had OC she worked 4 temp agency had no HC til made perm OC covered the gap Saved her big $ n costs all way around
Insane
Really, it was close to that as it was. With no outcry. Increasing every year, lowering coverage, pricing is out.
Sen fiendtien. The new bill is cover no one give rich 25% tax cut.  Make rich Americans great again.....
This is more than sad
Employers must compete for the best candidates which is why a company has benefits in the first place.  Getting rid of them would b suicide
Fake fake fake -
WE ARE UNABLE NOW TO AFFORD CARE!!! That's the PROBLEM, Ms. Feinstein!
Unacceptable!
Fake news.... same tired old  rhetoric from the obstructionist Democrats ! Try doing your job !
@GOP needs to REMOVE lifetime caps, ENSURE essential benefits, PROTECT pre-existing conditions @SenateMajLdr @SenateMajLdr @VP @POTUS
Linking jobs and health insurance is a terrible idea that forces people to lose their insurance if they move jobs.
Please, senator, do something! This insane man is destroying America!
That's right and I love it
That would be me! Before Obamacare I was paying for private ins @ $600/month. Now have through woe  @$120. Thanks for watching out for me!
DeDe, employers compete for workers. If an employer doesn't cover health care change jobs to one that does
Great news for America
Temporary stay..now let's DO something with the  time we've won!
Just more money in corp execs pockets. Employees are getting shafted!
No, they'd be ABLE to afford to pay a doctor, much like we pay dentists.
Like you care
Happens in Small/Private Dental offices every day. My employer never covered health insurance.
Lots of working people can't afford it now, and get fined for their poverty.
Should have thought about that when you passed the ACA. It was a disaster and you knew that when you shoved it down our throats.
Oh my God, did they just add this, or is this something I missed?
The employer mandate in Obamacare resulted in employers reducing hours worked per employee.  It didn't work.  It hurt workers. Bad idea.
Please go on the TV shows to discuss your bill introduced to fix ACA and show what Dems alternative is!  Thank you.
Impeach now!
You are a traitor calling yourself a patriot. How does a patriot justify attacking a sitting president.
#fakenews #propaganda #rhetoric
And gets rid of small business tax incentives to provide insurance!
Employers generally do their best to offer healthcare. They did before the mandate. It's a huge recruiting and retention tool.
If they pull healthcare out from under their employees now, they would flee to competitors in mass droves. This part isn't that dire.
It's the Medicaid thats most troubling.
Employers should pay 100% of employees healthcare
WOW...it would be great if I just collected my full pay from employer and then could shop competitive insurance market.  Why involve eplyrs?
Just cut to the chase, #GOPhealthcare, and sell our organs for vacation & cigar money.
Well, they might be able to afford the plan that covers nothing with the super-high deductibles as long as they only eat twice each week.
 My city is built on the tenants of 30 hours max so no health insurance. Endless supply of college students. Over 50=no job, no insurance
sorry, but you're way out of touch!
Whoah that's ridiculous.  What republican wants this nonsense
@FoxNews @realDonaldTrump @SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP @PRyan @HouseGOP @CNN @MSNBC 
Guess this will effect everyone not just Medicaid folks
maybe the employer cant afford to offer it if they do then no one has a job
That would be me.  Thanks for fighting for us.
Ditto.
Why not advocate for a true #freemarket approach to bring down the cost of health insurance and health care?
Employers can CHOOSE to offer if they want great employees!  Stay out of our lives!!
Why is the gov't telling companies what incentives to give employees? Shouldn't that be left up to the employer to attract top talent?
But @KellyannePolls said all people have to do is get jobs! Was she lying about that?
Who STILL doesn't understand that all Kellyanne says is a LIE! With AHCA, having a job doesn't = insurance. They no longer have to!
We can all buy care since we don't get a free ride like you
Can you please explain #trumpcare to new Rep @karenhandel? Thanks. #GA06
Can someone please explain the #AHCA bill to @karenhandel? #healthcare #GA06 #Flipthe6th 
