Senate Democrats will oppose any attempt to use tax reform as a disguise for giving tax cuts to the rich.
True tax reform DOES NOT mean simply handing out tax cuts to the nation’s richest.
Unlike the health care debate, Republicans MUST return to regular order with tax reform. Hearings and broad stakeholder input is vital.
Please senator...we can't afford anymore of your taxes bankrupting us to be spent on your plans that don't work
It's interesting you are trying to move forward. However, get the Russian and his grifters out of the Whitehouse first.
secret words for we will take more of your money because we can spend it better.
Couldn't agree more...maybe you can then accept that it hasn't been stable since....ohhhh, about 1992....I'm sure it's just a coincidence.
OPPOSITION STRONG!! Keep fighting!! 
Can't interfere with your vote buying now can we..?
Since that is the number one cost, that needs to be fixed first.
Where does the money come from. Find your own job and get ins. through them.
Thank you, Senator!
To be clear...your "Medicare stability" is built on an unsustainable mountain of impossible to pay debt...and you are destroying our country
That's right!!! Thanks, Senator Feinstein!!!
Thank you, that's extremely important to all of us, especially older people like me. Worked my whole life, I need this !
No bailouts for political friends. Cut fraud and waste.
Help Rex Tillerson understand the importance of Promoting Democratic values abroad while protecting our Values & Institutions.
You got that right. Americans have paid into these plans through their taxes. This is not free money for congress to use
We have to know how the proposed tax legislation will impact the Trump Crime Family.  They have tendency to act irresponsibly.
those are important issues, but what about middle class working people?  It's not fair!
Of course they are.
Thank you @SenFeinstein 
As the parent of an 18 year old with autism, I am grateful that you are standing up for our most vulnerable
Because it's a life or death line for too many families under stress.
WADR, NO TOUCHING TAX REFORM Until ALLOfU.S. SEE ALL T & His FAMILY's TAX RETURNS! WE NEED 2 KNOW HOW MUCH SELF-DEALING T's DOING TAX WISE!
Thank you @SenFeinstein!!  
Yes! And thank you!
Then you politicians need to pay back all the money you stole from social security. That's our hard working money we paid into it!
you know health care cost more them 100% more.what do you http://pay.you  voted to take money from social securityfund. years ago..
Sen where was you when coal miner steel worker auto worker and so many more lost there jobs you help put them out of work.
you have no room to talk,you forgot the working people of USA year ago....
Please don't allow GOP to take what's left of our safety nets.
@SenFeinstein Worried about Trump proposed FY2018 budget. Especially cuts to research$ & SSD. Without adequate research$, so many suffer.
is that one payer?
Let's see social security has been robbed by you folks. Fraud & waste in Medicaid rampant but you speak of "stability"?
Why don't Dems ever bring up Clinton/Gore "Lock Box" (which was creating surpluses) that Bush/Cheney smashed open for tax cuts to greedy?
Totally agree! All 3 must be supported and stable. Thank you Senator!! You have my support in this fight!!
Why is it so unreasonable to raise the cap on Social Security?
So the waste can continue? You're saying that there is nowhere in those programs that can be better managed? @realDonaldTrump
Get rid of Trump or he will attack those.
Medicaid costs paid by taxpayers is out of control, thanks to Dems.  Need to lower costs, not increase costs to taxpayers.
Omg why do you get to say what's non negotionable... you had the stage for 8 years and it's a mess get off it
That eliminates any chance of reform.  You're  showing your true motives, as usual.
As a Californian who is 61, and who has paid a lifetime into social security and medicare, I thank you.
Supporting the biggest welfare programs. You are synonymous as a DRUG DEALER. Keeping people addicted to the "drug" of welfare.
We have too many taxes in our state of California as it is. It's only going to get worse - passing tax reform will even things out for us!
Dems sign a pleage to not cooperate with GOP
soooo
Why include Dems

Your not included!
Part of Rs agenda is to cut/do away with these programs & that is why they will nvr work with Ds to create a fair tax cut or hc bill.
And let's have  a look see at ur presidents tax return
No bottom line is to find ways to reduce Gov involvement and waste in daily lives of its citizens. Flat tax and stop spending.
We must get rid of this administration. You must work to make the wheels of justice roll faster!!!thank you.
Hey Dianne

Roll Congress' retirement into Soc Sec
Roll Congress' healthcare into ACA

Bet you'd get those fixed by the time Aug recess hits
Stick to your position Senator.
Thank you Senator Feinstein
What is negotiable.
Thanks girl!!
Thank you, Senator. We are supporting your efforts.
Thank You Senator! As a Californian, I support your efforts in Congress, and with putting a check on this chaotic administration!
and SSDI please.
We know who the Swamp People are contributing Americans them out
Senator r we serious "A better deal"?  Sounds like a used car slogan.  What about "A peoples party for all"?
darn right, they are earned not entitlements.
Medicaid only for those who need it! Not for those who refuse to work for their money! Too much Medicaid fraud goes unchecked!
B/S...Dems not needed....tax bill passing on 51 Repub. votes...sit down, Dianne
Thank you Senator Feinstein for noting Medicare, Social Security & Medicaid are not negotiable;in light of Trump's 2% boom! @Michael36776349
Another bottom line: KEEP LOBBYIST $ INFLUENCE OUT OF IT!

#EndLegalCorruption
YES!!!  Amen.
Good thing Donald Trump promised this on the campaign trail. He'd never lie to his base and always keeps his promises 
Thank you.
Senator- please consider working with a bipartisan group of all women senators to fix healthcare and tax reform. 10 women >13 men!
Die Besteuerung von Reichen ist kein Sozialismus sondern Gerechtigkeit.
They are unstable already.  We are $20T in debt.  How bout we promote healthy economy as priority over welfare anyway.
Well @SecPriceMD knows better than you! While you spread Propaganda and attempt to scare people with your Bullshit!
U R not much
Good Thursday, Morning Sen.Dianne Feinstein of S.F. California; Voting to advance FDA Bill, Watching Now
Problem is, Medicaid and Medicare are not stable or actuarily sound.  Both are rife with billions in fraud.
Unless your name is donald trump and you need a Teleprompter to spell the word reform.
Can you add a guarantee to fund the ACA properly?
why? its abuses are everywhere ohio alone 103 billion in fraud last year.
