reroute some of that illegal immigration money
No money's for a sanctuary city or state.
#EweLost 
If POTUS denies appropriating funds to be petty he'd better be called out by ethics committee for that!!!
Federal funds for a state that does NOT enforce federal law - take a hike!
Well the wicked is in the oval office might not look so favorable on us here in California.  Can't ignore CA!
CA voted overwhelmingly for Clinton, so don't expect any help from Trump or GOP. Yes, he's just that petty...
you are doing a miserable job, more reservoirs should've been built instead of wasting tax payer money
can we forget the "high speed" train now?
Cali want to comply with immigration laws?Want to be part of America? Let their beloved Hollywood pay for it.
Good luck on that?! It would be nice if @realDonaldTrump actually cared about the ppl
Patty maybe if you really listened to our new President.
sorry can't do it. He gets under my skin regarding sexual assault history
I don't know if he was ever charged. Can you verify a sexual harassmen
Go hit up the Hollywood liberals 4 $$ they raise millions 4 politicians Im sure they can help their state.
if you managed our state better and prepared for the predictable wet season you wouldn't need those "funds"
Guess you should have thought of that before spending all that money on illegal aliens.
Should your state receive Federal funds? San Francisco welcomes illegals despite your housing shortages.
This from a state that will not give the new president the time of day. Me thinks no help coming
his job isn't to act like a child to those that don't agree.. he must unite and lead or bow out.
no federal funds needed as long as you continue to harbour criminal illegals.
Why didn't your governor use his funds for this that your own state gave him, instead of other things?
Stop the Billions that R spent on illegals & they'll be alot more $ to take care of R own. DemsRA disgrace
You'll have money if you kill Gov Moonbeam's stupid Crony Express choo-choo. U just want $ for union goons
@CA pays more 2 fed in taxes than we get! We shld stop on fund our own state issues.  Stop paying 4 everyone else
I told you.  He doesn't like CA.  We voted for Hillary.
what if we redirect are federal income tax to California? I think that's the only way we are going to get it
Good luck! Tweeter in chief is still mad that CA didn't vote for him and won't play his reindeer games.
You people haven't heard of insurance...
Sanctury? Just asking.
why did it get this way under your watch? Why haven't you done your job?
Can a US state secede from the Union without a civil war?
Good luck  just don't make a deal with the devil
You attack GOP at every turn and now ask him for help? Wow, when you want a favor, you're irresistible..
Federal funds just go into the California General Fund to pay salaries & pensions for the State. 
i bet the celebs donate a lot of money for this
an "atmospheric river storm system". I guess that democrat for "we got a lot of rain".
sorry, looks like US Gov't all out of money, otherwise I am sure they wouldn't be pulling health insurance
Take it from 25.3 billion a year you spend on illegal aliens.
Thought y'all were seceding?
you should have been rebuilding for the last 40 years
Lawless sanctuary states (and cities) will cave for cash.
Declare a State of Emergency 
Too tied up in his scandals to do his job
where do you think funds come from for such declarations?
Sounds like it's time for a pay cut Feinstein. Brown too. You both will be out of a job soon enough.
Are there still federal funds for disasters?
bahaha!!! Now you want Federal Funds!
I've never seen President or Fed Gov't hold States hostage for representing the people's interest. Have you?
How about we just don't give that doof in the WH any more tax money and spend it here in our home state!
Money? Should have thought about that BEFORE you trashed @realDonaldTrump and nominees. #MAGA
So true!
are you crazy? CA stood up to trump. No way Republicans will support funds for disaster relief there.
Well you've been blowing$$$$$around the political horn haven't you!Hands out again. Any benefactors lined up?
how about enforcing Federal Law in the state
This will be an interesting test of Trump's new administration.
Money from the feds, but you won't listen to their orders regarding sanctuary cities? Get outta here! You're a disgrace.
thank you, CA senators!
As a Californian, I disagree. CA politicians have kicked the infrastructure can for 50 years. Not fed problem
Gotta run to that sugar daddy in the white house huh?
Terrible advance infrastructure planning on CA Gov and Legislature's part is now a US funding issue?
