My question to you is did the Democrats try to stop this ridiculous hearing for one of the #illegitimatePresident 's nominees?
I don't understand what Diane Feinsteins non action on Trump Russia is all about
Is that a good enough question?  Session lied to you and nothing happened.  Block this nominee until you can be certain, not hopeful
Senator, do NOT further endanger our country by confirming this Trump appointee who represents Rosneft, Saudi Arabia AND Trump family.
Yes, so naive.  Watching the Democrats continue to follow the good guy protocol is maddening.  Like lambs to the slaughter...just handing
power to tyrants.  It's time to take off the gloves and fight for our country.
I beg you to please review Wray. Throughout the hearing my gut told me he will be another runaround Nunes who won't tell the president “No”
Ask Wray about this: #WrayHearing #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
Great link, confirmation that Wray is another Russian friend in Trumps Russian friendly WH. More Typical Trump.
Senator NO! Wray's law firm represents Russia Rosneft, Saudia Arabia AND the Trump family.  He was Christie's Bridgegate attorney. DISASTER
The question/answer hearing more about trashing Pres. Trump than asking good questions about Wray qualifications. Sad
He removed firm data about Russian client before hearing. Ask yourself why?

WHERE IS Senator Feinstein?? She is literally refusing to call out @ChuckGrassley s obstruction? WHY???!
Maybe I misheard, but when he was asked if he thought the special investigation is a witch hunt, he said I dont believe Mueller thinks it is
Senator, you redeemed yourself in the eyes of this Republican over questions ask of Wray. Not like the other senator who added words to
Comey's testimony when he told Sessions" 
Don't leave me alone again". He added "I want a witness". He didn't say that. I watch every one.
MISS FEINSTEIN, that is already being done by the present POTUS the real question is when will you and the DEMOCRATIC party? It long overdue
Dianne, can't Senate Judiciary revoke Jareds security clearance?
Nope Russian ties to rosenfelt and Gasprom
His law firm represents #Rosneft and #Gazprom. There is NO WAY Mr. Wray  can be confirmed. He's on #TeamTreason
It's his duty.
Senator I urge you to withhold consent and not let thos through unless BCRA is fully debated in the open.
Senator: Why is the Senate still allowing confirmations to proceed when we have a WH actively engaged in a conspiracy to overthrow democracy
Yes!  Why do Dems continue to just roll over and carry on as if we are not ON FIRE???  Dems need to FIGHT and stop this nonsense!
Oh yes!!!!!
First, does he know how to tell what is right and lawful? Even in situations of murkiness, which FBI gets plenty of n more these days
Why is Sen Feinsteins silence so deafening re her refusal to speak OUT against her Cochair @ChuckGrassley obvious obstruction re TrumpRU?
How are Americans supposed 2B able 2Trust SenateJudiciary investig in2 Trump RU whn @ChuckGrassley acts as both judge &DefenseLawyer 4Trump?
They ask the most asinine questions.  It's a testament to their  patience and temperament that the appointee can sit through this drivel.
vote no.
Can we find out where Obama spent +100$B over 8 yrs that was designated for cyber security? We keep hearing hacks WHY so much money flushed
ABSOLUTELY.... Unlike UR boy Comey. What an INSULTING Question.  Do U EVER Read these Replies or just Tweet to LQQK Good?? 
My question would be: why do you think Comey was fired?
Hope he keeps memos and that loyalty thing that Trump does is so disturbing and bring a friend when invited to have dinner with Trump C Y A

#Breaking Research: Christopher Wray's given money to 4 GOP Senators that would be voting for him:

Perdue-Isakson-McCain-Portman

…
No one in Government does that anymore unless it fits in their agenda.
Yeah he is not FBI material. He should not be confirmed. But he sure is a nice daddy.
1) did you trust his answer?
2) for God's sake, why?

VOTE NO
With the GOP you first have to understand their definition of "right & lawful."
No. He won't. He's friends with @POTUS and part of the conspiracy. McCabe is doing a great job.
Please don't confirm Wray!!! This is too much cooperation w Trump
if @POTUS  picked him he is probably dirty....please say no to any pick from Trump as he is being investigated for Collusion.....
juana watch west side story
My ? 2 all of u why wld y'all vote 4any1 that trump choses. If t wants some1 they r corrupt or willing 2b. Look at Ts collection of ppl now!
Why should he you never have!
Such a basic question, I'm wondering why it even needs to be asked.
For god sake, are we paying you & staff to come up w/ this softball question? You failed America today.
This whole appt reeks of the opening on the Supreme Court that was stolen. Gorsuch a lifer right wing night mare. Now 10yr for Wray? Wary 
Why would Trump chose him if he would?
Can we not use the word "fired" lets call it early retirement like a matter vs investigation
Has he done that EVER? He was Chris Christies personal atty during Bridegate...why would Dems back any Trump appointee?
Why is he even there? Besides, who believes him! He will say whatever it takes! He is a Trump puppet!!!!
Same ? at you! You don't practice what you preach. Benghazi, Clinton's, Lynch, Comey, DNC. Pitiful disgrace.
Really??? What did you expect him to say??
He won't stand up. He'll be a snitch for Putin's plan.
In other words, will he stand up to interference from @POTUS
my question for you is when are you and your party going to stop playing games and start working for us, we the people
I believe you asked him that as others did and he answered so stop playing games
Why didn't you demand that of Loretta Lynch?? Where were you when Eric Holder allowed Fast and Furious to happen? #Hypocrites
The American people need someone with integrity and courage. He is not it, don't make another Sessions mistake. Stand up for us.
Hell Ryan and MCConnel aren't
We certainly hopeful unlike in the Attorney General office Loretta Lynch(wire taps/ Clinton) Eric Holder( held in contempt by Congress) !
Don't vote to confirm Wray.
I'm reading reports you support this pick. If true, I no longer support you. There is no gray area. #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #Treason #NoQuarter
Wray already lied under oath to you no way going for Director of FBI he missed Trump Jr. tweets & interviews this week. He is Trump's. Bad.
@SenFeinstein as a constituent, my question to you is why would you approve any FBI director proposed by this POTUS?  Stop the nomination!
VERY DISAPPOINTED AND ANGRY YOU WILL VOTE TO CONFIRM
What a deep question. Did you stay up all night thinking of it. 
Like putting all traders in jail, Hillary,Lynch,Comie, Podesta, obama,? They need to be prosecuted.
Why would you vote yes for any person 45 nominates?  They ALL lie!  #resist
Whom ever work with Trump is not a Honest person. Trump
Is a Liar, Dishonest, Disrespectful, Disgusting, creepy, crazy 
Trump needs tax USA.
Why are you selling us out?
Sen. Dianne Feinstein, ; Senate Assemby Floor voting, on David Nye Nomination, IDAHO District Court Judge,TRUTH 11:52am
Please ask him is he has ever had any relationships with Russia!  We need to know this about every single nominee!
Why will you vote yes? Should wait until AFTER Russia investigation.
why have the hearing. You already said you're voting him through. He's getting softball questions from both sides. Disturbing.
Please do not confirm!!!!!!
Has a background check been done looking for his russian ties?
Go hayed & axe him you ol rankled up, gun hatin' bih.
I hope that he can stand up against the pressure of the White House,because we all know it is going to happen at some point. We shall see!!
My question to you is why you are going to vote yes on him. Shame on you
I agree block Wray, appears to like torture of prisoners and who knows who else.
Why would you vote YES? He's weak and a trump puppet.
He has Russian connections as well be careful
Lawful is concrete easy to understand but right is subjective with opinion.
Dear Sen Feinstein with the questions about the POTUS's possible criminality, I think the last person we need in FBI is a Trump appointee
. You should have asked Comey that question
Meaning do the job under oath for usa , not potusa?
Got a bad feeling about him
I think that I like him! Remember Rod gave us #MuellerTime!
Unfortunately, my money is on "no". He'll be just like #Sessions Serving donald instead of upholding his duty to America.
How will you vote?
Then ask what he thinks of this timeline!  Check out @tsteele93's Tweet:
Actually PINCH it together. Then it looks like this 
My bet Wray triggers more exposed #TrumpRussia  collusion. I'm sure our USIC will defend America no matter who is POTUS. #FBI #MuellerTime
Answer: It depends what your definition of "right" is.
Do you trust Wray is honorable and will do his job without bias?
What do u think about this leaked phone conversation, Dianne?! YouTube is great!
Agree that Wray's Russian links should be questioned. May have good answer/may not.
Wrayrepresents Russia’s largest state-controlled oil companies - Rosneft & Gazprom and Exxon too
Senator, with all due respect, if you think we can trust Wray, I've got a hotel property for you to invest in in Moscow.
Sounds like it from hearings.
Senator. We need to block ALL appointments until they drop #ahca.
You fricken don't like anyone Trump picks! So sick of you all!
And would you expect him to say no?  Anyone??  Is there a no in the room?  Anyone?  Anywhere?  Nope, no no's!!!
Stay the course, raise a ruckus, keep the focus with the press. Russia. Business conflicts. Tax returns.
Warning 

BLINKING; A person who is lying will blink a lot,as blinking seems to correlate to the amount of mental stress he\she is under.
Perhaps he should investigate the Hillary Russian uranium deal. Punish Clinton pay-to-play schemes.
Then,Ma'am,let's start with locking up @HillaryClinton for obstruction of justice,perjury,wrongful death,handling top secret docs carelessly
Destruction of evidence, pay per play, treason, etc,etc,etc.
Make sure he does or don't confirm
He's blinking to damn much, that means he's LYING!!!.
Plz have your colleagues ask about this:
Somebody needs to ask him about meetings with russians
His law firm has ties to Russian Energy- shouldn't that be a TOP question?
Really? No questions about his past ties to Russia?
Or will he be a coward like comey and leak classified stuff
My question is: how can a trump nominee for FBI be trusted?! Why would trump nominate someone who isn't a loyalist & a liar?
. With his record, I'm sure he will Question is why @DNC continues to not respect our POTUS?!
#BadAssWomanInWashington
@SenFranken HOW CAN THE MOB BOSS NOMINATE AN @FBI DIRECTOR WHEN HE FIRED COMEY FOR INVESTIGATION? WHO CHOSE WRAY?
Yeah, you think he'll say "no" ???
Well hopefully he's more sane than the last one. The last one just wanted a lot of popularity and his five minutes of fame
Probably not....
Then lady PRACTICE WHAT YOU PREACH
Ma'am the real question is would you?
Cut through the bs. We need to know if he's already been propositioned by @POTUS & will he continue to investigate #RussianCollusion
is anyone going to ask him about his own russian ties? His firms clients in russia?
Better than Comey did by leaking classified information and carrying out Lynch and Obama agenda.
And if he says "yes"? How can you believe someone who has his own Russia ties? Please, convince others to say no!
You expected him to say "No"? How did #Comey answer that question? #DrainTheSwamp #DrainTheDeepState #TermLimits
Why are any of Trump's nominees being considered while he's under investigation for collusion??
Senator, given the gravity of Muellers investigation and the Trumps previous picks being questionable, why confirm ANY of his picks? Suspend
Are you more focused on your Twitter replys, or the Nominee Hearing?
How dare you!  Entire DOJ under Obama was lawless; Lynch, Comey & Rice.  Your own state is lawless; sanctuary cities, defy immigration law.
Wow -- THAT is a deep and insightful question? (can u hear my eyes rolling)
Why would you ask him to do something you won't do? Two Face
My question to you is this: As a Trump nominee, will you believe anything he says? Multiple instances of perjury and 0 of penalty for same
Your interview with him was brilliant. Thank u for being a strong woman and one of the old guard! #RESIST
Hopefully the new director won't be as crooked as the last one. Who protected the previous administration
Since Democrats are without a party let a Republican show you how it's done.
This is an exchange worth watching. Lindsey Graham pushes Wray several times on Don Jr.'s emails. Wray tries dodging. Graham won't let him. 
From his answers it appears he would side with Trump.
Oh, gee, that's going to be telling. Love you Sen F, but come on! Ask about HIS ties to Russians.
No he will  not.  Do not confirm another Trump pick. Please fight for democracy nt for Russia.
But if he tries that tactic #DespotDon will fire him. He must pledge his undying loyalty to #FuhrerDon to even be nominated. #ImpeachTrump
Certainly not.
Will you bring criminal charges against Trump and JR
It's not a question, it's an expectation! Same for all in Gov; special interests and back room deals aren't acceptable.
@SenFeinstein
Wow. Got any more brain busters!?
Wray was woefully ignorant of Current Events. He had to be lead to the Answers by Graham, seems easy to influence.
Wray is afraid to denounce Russia. Why?
Then the libtards would say he is biased can't win with azzholed
What about his involv with the Christy cell phone thing????
What!! C'mon Diane ... Whether true or not his answer will always be yes geez....really starting to wonder about you 
"My loyalty is to the constitution and the rule of law, full stop,'' Christopher Wray told the Senate Judiciary. Did you miss this?
He is being very evasive about @POTUS & #RussianCollusion. Unless he has been in a COMA, he knows much more than he is telling. SCARY.
Yes today, no tomorrow. He is weak. Do you really believe he had not heard about Jr's emails? Hearing should have ended then.

Every one of Trump's nominees have lied about what they would do and how they would act if confirmed https://twitter.com/BostonGlobe/status/885163367572393988 …
Like buchanan and clapper
Not Trump regime nominees knucklehead troll
That question is subjective.
Don't count on it.
#Resist  #TheResistance #Treason
