(2/4) Congressional action is now the only way to protect DACA recipients. The #DreamAct deserves a vote as soon as possible. #DefendDACA
(3/4) Calif. is home to nearly 223,000 DACA recipients, more than any other state. Their contributions are an important part of the economy.
(4/4) #DACA youth have pursued their dreams, becoming doctors, engineers and teachers. They’re American in every way that matters. #SaveDACA
Fowllow the LAW. you are hypocrite, liar, anti ppl.
WHEN are YOU going to start caring about OUR KIDS who have DREAMS too tired of YOU ALWAYS putting ILLEGALS and IMMIGRANTS ahead of OUR KIDS.
Congress was how it was suppose to be done in the first place. You've just been offered your job back. Do what you're suppose to do.
Most of the people we are protecting believe in the same Dogma you hate. #TheDogmaLivesinMe
C'mon, Diane. Give Trump a chance.
Dianne open up your many house and let the illegal stay at your houses
It is very clear that Trump is anti-American Values. He's corrupt, cruel & unfit & unwise. It is the duty of congress to impeach this POTUS.
How about passing some legislation.  It's not Trump's job.  Congress needs to pass a law.
Great. Work for a bipartisan bill to have a CLEAN #Constitutional dreamer bill passed.
Obama& @SenFeinstein you had a chance to protect DREAMERS, but chose Exec Order over reform. You MUST work w/Republicans & build a wall!
You're kidding, right Robyn?
WHO do you think YOU ARE ATTACKING A Fed Judge Nominee for THEIR FAITH...would you do the SAME TO A MUSLIM????? GET OUT of our SENATE
how about standing with American Citizens
Then pass a law.  Legislation is your responsibility, not the President's!
Please "Stand" with them on the other side of the border. When you embrace dilution of one law, why would you expect people to respect any?
Thank you Senator Feinstein, this issue goes to the core of American values.
Then you are complicit with an unconstitutional  act. Now disgraceful as an elected official that swore an oath to support the constitution
Again with giving false hope, you should not make promises you are in no position to keep
You sad little demidiot.
It's time for you to find a new job.
St end Up and DO YOUR JOB. As Obama said in 2012 DACA EO was temp. measure and Congress needed to legislate. Get off your rump and do so
You are not valued..THEY NEED TO BECOME LEGAL AND NOT BLOOD SUCKERS. HOW MANY. DO WE PAY schooling for
Dianne Feinstein you are a traitor.  Its time we stand for the laws of this Country.
Do something about it now! That would be support!
If you stand with the dreamers you don't stand with trump.
Say it - he will NEVER be a "good president"
You say for votes. Her job not in jeopardy
You left out how you don't stand for the citizens of this country, nor for the rule of law.... but you do you
Now DO YOUR JOB Senetor!
Thank you to all the Democrats who are the ones really fighting for Americans vision not just the Evangelical vision!! !!

Thank you Mr. Eric
Your extremely welcome...
Still believe this presidency is redeemable? Still feeling safe in your seat, Senator?
Thank you!
Good to admit it, now do your job.
Do you're job ma'am , what obama did was beyond his authority
It should be over. Sadly, democrats love to beat a dead horse.
You would deport these people?
Trust me, they're not getting deported.  The hysteria is ridiculous.
How do you know this?
Because, our immigration system is clearly not efficient enough.  If mass deportations actually happen, you can say "I told you so".
Stop buying votes. No one believes your lies!
THIS MEANS YOU,DIANNE, APPROVE OF LAWLESSNESS! WHY NOT JUST CLOSE  BOOK ON OUR JUDICIAL SYSTEM. IF YOU DON'T LIKE IT  DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT
#SaveDACA #HereToStay
A country without borders is no country at all. Of course you would @SenFeinstein you being a liberal. What Obama did in 2012 was illegal
Taking legal status from children who were legally given that status is an ex post facto violation.It also hurts our economy+morality.
Are they more valued than the Africa American youths in your state? How so?
Diane it's called rule of law. Former President Obama chose to not follow rule of law. As a senator you should know this
Why is it that the LAW is nent for the NON CITIZEN but the CITIZEN MUST follow EVERY LAW... Answer that one if you DARE SENATOR
IT'S OVER DIANNE!!! WE THE AMERICANS HAVE SPOKE

Repeal and replace Trump.
Please keep fighting to defend DACA!
So do something. NOW! Counting on you. Pass the Dream Act and protect DACA
Empty words, when you have not passed needed immigration reform. What have you been doing? Riding an illegal EO. Not proactive is it?
Still believe in Trump's ability to be anything other than a completely incompetent racist demagogue?  Asking for California and a nation.
Thank you honorable member Senator Dianne Feinstein
FUCK American kids and their families.
Why don't you stand for legal citizens Sen Feinstein? Why don't you fix or replace Obamacare, reduce regs, reduce taxes, protect our borders
Yea your valued to them as long as you possess a democratic voter registration card
The only thing I want to see you tweet is that Congress has immigration reform. So put down your Twitter and get working.
Why are you supporting an unconstitutional program implemented illegally? Compassion for dreamers is no excuse for lawlessness!
Impeach now!!
On what grounds?  Undoing an executive memo that was unconstitutional in the first place?
What would it take to give citizenship to CA's #DACA recipients in the next 6 months?
It won't happen, DACA didn't give citizenship to them, it was a temporary bandage on what congress couldn't/ wouldn't pass
Value #DREAMers by working toward impeachment, compliant Dianne.
Feinstein is masking profit motives of her tech donor base by using fake compassion. Sorry #DACA "youth", the USA is broke.
So start lobbying your GOP jerky colleagues and get CLEAN legislation introduced.
And so do millions of Americans ... we WILL protect and defend you DREAMERS!
In your career of 25 years you've not only not fixed water policy in your home state but done nothing on immigration. Get to work!
Seems to me this is about the private prison industry and DT directly profiting? And what is congress doing about it?
What. ?
Yep. People who contributed to his campaign are making big $ off the detainment ctrs filling up. Start researching it online.
Perhaps you should research Hillary Clinton, Bernie Saunders and while you're at it Diane Feinstein.  My gosh, stop with the propaganda.
Thank you senator. Please make sure Trump doesn't blackmail congress with funding for the wall though. Dreamers stay....wall goes
Diane. Will you stand with them when they can no longer vote?  Or when your hubby builds this high speed RR and he can't find workers?
Emergency #DACA rally at 5pm at the San Francisco Federal Building. Stand up Bay Area!
Too bad Dems didn't fell this way in 2009-10 when they could have actually done something to protect them.
