You know the NSA records those phone calls and Trump reminded Comey of that...don't play around Senator, people aren't stupid
Do you have a source for that?
A source for what???...have you not watched the hearings??...Feinstein & Grassley both have stated no Trump/Russian tie
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL.   N No they have not.   Stop parroting Fox News.
Please educate yourself on the topic before commenting: https://youtu.be/hx5rPiG7x40 
She  also  said  the  investigation  is  still  ongoing.
Okay "we have no evidence but we are still trying to find some"  that's exactly what her statements meant. Wasting our money and time
But Hillary obstructed justice committed Felonies, erased 33k emails and then lied about it for a year but that's ok right ? 

#hypocrite
When was she charged with these things?    I must've missed that.
Those emails were under court subpoena when she destroyed them. Didn't just delete them - hired a firm to bleach-bit them. Who does this?
Strange.    Hearings were held and.   Ummmmm.  Again.  No charges.    So __________ ?
Your are smart enough to realize that congressional hearings serve absolutely no basis for criminal charges or prosecution right.
** you're
Like all of Hillary 's  emails?  #MAGA #drainingtheswamp
Drain the swamp. Refill water. Replace with crocodiles?
....And then allow Russians with recording equipment into the oval office.....
The Russians were just looking for Obama and George Soros surveillance equipment.
Oh.   Right.      That makes sense.     Thanks for clarifying.
If the Russians were looking for Obama and Soros info from The Donald, I'm sure The Donald will oblige. #besties
True.    They're his boss.   He ultimately answers to them.
No President Trump works for the citizens of the USA! Not the donors like Obama and the DC establishment.
@realDonaldTrump must be removed ASAP! He is flouting the law daily. Who gets away with intimidating witnesses and obstructing justice?
You are not well informed. A very foolish person.
thank you, Senator, for fighting for transparency and accountability.
Hey goofy, if Trump mentioned the possibility of tapes, it would seem to reason that he must not have anything to hide...make sense?
How come you weren't concerned about the CLEAR COVERUPS with hilliar and Obama # HYPOCRISY
Where'd you get the money, Dianne?
She got some of it out of my F##ing pocket. Resign bitc#
So when do we get public release of the Lynch-Clinton meeting 'on the tarmac' ? Doing @TheJusticeDept  business in a 'back room' ?
can we hear all of Obama's taped convos
As if all calls are not recorded at the WH The media is falling for a rude awakening. Pop your popcorn,Dems are about to expose themselves 
u missed the part where there was a "leak" bout Comey firing so someone is recording convos Trump was pointing that out not him doing it
NOT WHILE TRUMPS THERE

HE'LL DESTROY THEM
ehat is it you do for #WeThePeople on your Monday through Friday business schedule ?
you fools fell for that one, Trump plays you like a fiddle!
You mean like all of Obama's recordings and Hillary emails? Or is that different because Democrats are out to damage Our President?
Yes, but what if they only relate to his golf tee-times, and Barron's birthday party?  Surely those don't count, right?
and how much have you done while pursuing a career as a public servant? how about those perks you have, are you actually earning them?
Hussein Bummer recorded AND UNMASKED confidential material like #Crooked exposed classified to enemies! She knew what she was doing-INTENT
Yes, "preserved," just like those Hillary emails.   #ComeyFiring
oh please   -
Are you accusing President Trump of erasing tapes?  I'd be careful if I were you, under investigation as it is...
U don't really believe that or ANYTHING brought out under Hussein's administration! #LIARINCHIEF
I don't think DT has any, but Comey, I'd say he does.  DT isn't that smart.
Trump has the tapes.  Why do you think Comey refused to testify?  He knows he's in trouble.   Think about it.
I'm going with BS though because that is DT's m.o.
Go with whatever you want.  Just remember this so it's not a terrible shock when it comes out.
thank you for this! :)
You are in for quite the rude awakening if and when you see what's on those tapes.  Be careful what you wish for.
nah. we need *all* the evidence.
Just remember what I said.  That's all I'm asking.
haha, i've already forgotten
Well, you'll remember soon enough.
try all you want to sow fear and doubt. we need facts and we need evidence :)
Oh you'll have it soon enough.  Like I said.  Be careful what you wish for.
Kind of like HRC emails?
Yeah.  Because Trump secretly recording conversations he has with the Director of the FBI is the same thing
sucks to be on the other side of the fence , now doesn't it!
Thanks frankenSTEIN. You lying, rotten, arrogant politician. Yes, people are tired and of you and your filthy kind. The party is almost over
then why was Hillary allowed to bleach bit her emails when she was told to turn them in.Why did she send top secret emails to Weiner
I agree 100%  I suspect where we disagree would be on the content of said tapes.
I'd rather see those Bill Clinton tapes...Monica and Bill in all their Glory...
Thank you Dianne for fighting a fake battle for accountability! Your hypocrisy highlights the need for term limits and jail for treason. 
hopefully they wont take a hammer to them or wipe them, like with a cloth. I don't think he is storing them in his bathroom.
Stay on him Senator. Americans are disgusted and those who are not 36% soon will be. Even Nixon had loyalists.
. HILLARY ALREADY DELETED THEM & SCRUBBED EVERYTHING CLEAN.  GOT A COMPLAINT? SEE LORETTA LYNCH & JAMES COMEY.?

I dont remember you saying this about Hillarys emails. That belong to America. Hmmm. Maybe you were on vacation then? Or just a hypocrite
You mean the same way Hillary "preserved" her SUBPOENAED emails?
Granny. It's time to put you in the old folks home. You don't even know what day it is or how to spell Russia.
So accurate White House communications records are suddenly important lol
Preserved?  Yes, they were secretly taking conversations with unsuspecting guests. Remember Amarosa's comments while feuding with a reporter
Shut up
So petty.. keep up the good work in destroying your party #TermLimits
Can you get hidden buried evidence back to NYPD?
NYPD is doing AMERICA a great service
Has Own Pedophile RICOCase Against Clinton~Can Bypass @TheJusticeDept @FBI 
http://rickwells.us/nypd-pedophile-rico-case-clinton-can-bypass-doj-fbi/ … 
Unless of course he chooses too store them on a private server in his bathroom ...then ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
As if Trump and his crew will ever follow any of the rules?
Since he fired Comey, the Dems have been calling this Watergate- Nixon- Trump makes an obvious reference to Nixon - and the Dems go nuts.
Agreed. Now, about those emails deleted by your party's most recent Presidential candidate...
Precedent regarding the preservation of conversations was established about 3 or 4 years ago by Hillary Clinton.
And so should all evidence of Hillary Clinton and Obama admin criminal activity #Benghazi #UraniumDeal #HillaryEmails #surveillance
I want Mcabe investigated too. Watching Dems insanity, starting to appear more like Dem cover up for something. Drain the swamp
You are a hypocrite. You did not demand any accountability when HRC erased emails. You did not flinch when her people plead the 5th.
. I bet he taped himself for protection against crazy Dems. The truth will always prevail. This entire charade feels more like Dem cover up.
But what if Comey was wired? Maybe that is what @POTUS was referring to? Think outside the freakin' box!!
I'm sure they are & when you subpoena them, you'll wish you hadn't. I'd bet they bury somebody ( @HillaryClinton Inc) forever.
Does anybody else smell burning plastic?
Yes, just like Hillary's email, careful your going full scale hypocrite
No sh*t 
How about BO tapes?????
So, not wiped with like a cloth?
This WH has no idea that rule exists nor do they care. Trump thinks he can do whatever he chooses and Congress backs him up with inaction!
There's no evidence of that, however the FBI has a mountain of evidence of @HillaryClinton mishandling classified & destroying records.
Stop typical Dem charade! UR Bill encourages"...engage in plantation owner-like practices reminiscent of the Southern Democrats circa 1850".
Executive Privilege  Diane.  Go for your job and pass a replacement for the dead corpse of Obamacare.
where is your outrage when Loretta lynch met bill Clinton on tarmac.   Enough
Psssssst.      Yelling constitutional crisis causes most intellectual minded people to not take @TheDemocrats seriously in any way.
Uh huh, uh huh....but if he deletes 30k of them?
Already "DELETED" 
Then you better find out who has surveillance on the WH and ask them for the recordings.
Thank you for your commitment and leadership regarding this critical issue!
Preserved. Did you make the same demand of Clinton emails or are you being very hypocritical? My guess is you are a hypocrite
#termlimits
Why? It thought it was OK these days to delete, destroy, deny, or whatever. I mean, I don't recall you protesting @HillaryClinton's acts!
He will preserve his records as well as Hillary did and you certainly had no problems with her you disgraceful POS!
Your a hypocrite in plain language. Your BS is POISON to this country & it's recovery. GET OVER IT DIANNE, CLINTON LOST. SHE WAS A CRIMINAL
Right.  Thank goodness for your strong statement here.
So you mean don't use bleach bit or hit the delete button? Got it

Any conversations YOU make as senator are public info as well. I doubt very seriously that you want my case made public. Yr corrupt.
New Records Preservation Rule: First 33k deletes are free, after that you just hide them on Weiners laptop.
Your joking right. Don-the-Con will destroy and recordings between him and Comey to cover his ass.
Including yours @SenFeinstein let's hope NSA has them all 
Once in a while i read these threads and see how friggin  nuts the other side is.
Sofa king dumb
But those tapes are in the possession of FBI, CIA, NSA as "incidental surveillance"!
Where were u when Hillary had an illegal server, deleted 1000s of emails, & then bleached the server? U weren't so vocal then were u?
Let's ask #Hillary how one goes about preserving shall we? If she doesn't have to follow law, no American does. Period.
Double standard Dems are a pathetic excuse for progress to America. Do something productive for once.
Just like killary & her emails? Or Clinton foundation? Or cattlegate? Or whitewater? China Gate? Travel Gate? Lootergate? Vince faster? Etc
I thank Trump for this at least it will keep you too busy to attack the Constitution for awhile.
45 isn't clever enough so who placed devices in the WH on his behalf? Did they have security clearance? From U.S gov obvs not Trump org.
Go home you're drunk again or senile can't tell which one
Ok
Of course they should. I'm sure they back up @POTUS and you will have egg on UR face again
They'll be in those Banker's Boxes with Hillary's emails.
Hahahahah Cant stop winning. VIVA MAGA and Trump
Senator, that must be a NEW law you just passed. To bad you never passed a law against bleaching suponaed computer evidence (Hillary), huh.
Resign.  You are nothing more than another Democrat that cares nothing about Middle Class Americans.  Any adults in your cult?
Great news but clearly this White House doesn't care about laws
I would also like a law passed to stop any collusion or buying of propaganda in our TV programming. I could go on forever
I want to see an indep nvestigation of senate financial history. I want investigation into @FBI leadership. Lets be transparent please
Like Hillary Clinton's emails right? Oh, wait...
Shut up.  No one cares what u say.  You're not the boss.
Like the Obama CIA hacking your computer?
Where are 8 years of Obama's recordings? Who is accounting for them?
Right. Preserved all documents the way State Secy HRC "preserved"  communications on her watch at the State Department. Let's revisit that.
And those 30k plus emails that Hillary deleted?  Save the lecture.   Congress is useless
Then can we see all the ones @benrhodes made too while Obama was there, or have the hammers already been used. 
First get the 30,000 deleted emails from HRC illegal server that violated >6 Federal statutes, Comey protected her on @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
 HYPOCRITES!! #clintonemails
https://www.google.ca/amp/constitution.com/senators-grassley-feinstein-agree-trump-not-fbi-investigation/amp …
Yeah don't wipe them like with a cloth or something

What if he accidentally deletes them with his yoga and wedding emails?

#tapes #COMEY #Trump #crookedhillary #emails #WIKILEAKS
I demand a special prosecutor to investage Clinton/Lynch tarmac meeting. Also, against all sitting senators who has a foundation. Thanks

Of course they are. Why are you tweeting this? You know the truth from Comey himself yet do this. Partisan politics is not wise right now!
What about Sec'y Clinton's e-mails?  Believe there were 30,000 of them?  Where is your outrage?  Where was your outrage?People do not forget
Via the Clinton preservation method? Hypocrisy has no shame in DC. Why do we keep electing such hacks...on both sides of the aisle? Shameful
Why, they were just about yoga and his daughters weddding?
Just delete them and no big deal. Hillary set this precedent.
They will be saved just like Hillary's emails......oh wait.
TRUMP-Russia = BIRTHERISM
Thank you @SenFeinstein for reminding the White House to preserve any recordings. (Her letter here: http://bit.ly/2pHttR8 )
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Executive_privilege …. Thanks for playing.
But if they are State dept emails pick and choose and delete the rest,is that how it works
IF there are any. POTUS has been known to bluff. Take a chance.
Dear Senator Feinstein: executive privledge. Have a nice day!
Thank you Senator, after eight years of zero interest in oversight you are back at it. Well rested and ready to care about anything
Who knows if there are any. Just like a cop making a suspect think they have evidence, just to make sure they tell the truth
Or was that an IT company with no security clearance to bleachbit them?
He can just hire an attorney and staff with no Security Clearance to  erase them.
Just like all if Hillary's and Obama's comminications?????? So full of it.
Remember that private meeting w/ Comey  U came out of looking very disappointed?  There is NO Trump/Russ collusion. The truth will come out
Such hypocrisy, Dianne ! Where is the tape on Hillary/Comey's investigation meeting?Oh that's right she is a Democrat!Talk about corruption!
Not like any of those 30,000 missing emails could compromise anyone.
Be careful what you wish for...
You mean like Hillary preserved her records at State?
Who knows maybe he won't be able to recall or remember anything.
And don't forget to give immunity to everyone.
you mean like the bleachbit Clinton emails
Make sure you send him a subpoena so he will know when to bleachbit. That seems to be OK with you.
Or maybe be click on prono site like Hillary did and get hacked and WikiLeaks can publish and then blame it on Russia.
Preserved Just like HRC emails- oh wait

Yes, just like Hillary preserved hers with a magical cloth. #ShesWithStupid
Yes like Hillary's emails right?? Or maybe he can download them on a home brewed server and then have them bleachbit!
https://twitter.com/freddoso/status/862766419728936961 … FYI
While you were focused on Comey, Dems lost the Omaha mayor's race. A casualty of Tom Perez & DNC Unity Tour. http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/article/2622827 
Similar to Hillary emails?  Got it.
Your retirement is a blessing ! You've taken enough from the American People! You should B N prison in a padded cell, U Democratic Lunatic
Just like @HillaryClinton preserved her emails. Got it!!
Hey Dianne. Would it be okay with you if there are tapes, that Trump deleted them. Or wiped them with like a cloth or something.
https://twitter.com/dbongino/status/863413750573019146 …
Like the Hillary Clinton emails?
Yes, "preserved," just like those Hillary emails. Oh... wait. #ComeyFiring https://twitter.com/senfeinstein/status/863178869125378049 …
If you didn't get involved with issues Hillary had, then none of your business what WH does! You're such a hypocrite
Preserve on Hillarys basement computer and no consequences ok
Explains a lot! It's confirmed this Russia story is a hoax to try to attack Trump. You Dems have sunk to a new low.
Why would there be recording and how can you accept that? Isn't it against the law to tap a convo like that?
Just like the E-MAILS
Where were you when they were investigating Hillary? You were silent. You are such a hypocrite
New book 'Shattered' by Clinton insiders reveals that "blame Russia" plan was hatched "within twenty-four hours" of  election loss.
why was it OK for Hillary to delete 33,000 emails you buffoon.
I'm headed to the gun range to shoot my AR15. You're welcome
PRA specifies no civil/criminal penalties for noncompliance. Someone must subpoena tapes to ensure failure to preserve/produce is contempt
Ha! If there were any recordings, why on Earth would he preserve them. Rules are for men, not King Trump the Petty.
But he can delete 33,000 of them and you can't say shit cuz you didn't say shit. 

See how this works, sweetie?
We will see who @realDonaldTrump trys to destroy now to protect himself. Bet those records & recordings are gone right after his tweet rant
That includes the ones made by Comey, right?
Its okay to delete 33k Emails. I hope Pres trump delete all of them. I hope Obama preserved his recording.
I don't expect that. Just saying.
shit girl he gets 33,000 deletes before you can open your cock holster
#bleachbit
Just like @HillaryClinton did for #congress? #nocredibility
Be careful Senator, you may get what you wish. You libs may be falling for a @realDonaldTrump trap and I will laugh my ass off if it happens
Lol. But you can delete emails. Go back underneath rock With the rest of the hypocrites
Yes.... just like how you insisted Hillary preserve her 33k deleted emails ?
They're stored on Hillary's mail server and 13 destroyed cell phones.
