Middle class Californians already pay more because of your crooked ways.
Right.....are you sure about that?
Here's a handy guide to how your taxes will go up, unless you make more than $471k. #PayTheirFareShare 
What does California taxing their middle class to death have to do with Trump's tax plan?  Nice strawman.
how do u know Feinstein?
Ok, Sen. make sure this plan does not pass. Go to work on an alternative or prove the current plan is fair and sound.
why u showing something from 2005?  it can't be amended too old.
California taxpayers R leaving you state in droves because you're taxing them to death to pay for all the illegals! who will be left to pay
Before U point that finger Dear Lady...Remind Yourself about the Decades Of Wasteland Your Lack Of Service And Forward Thinking Have Made.
ya and how much will you save senator?    such b.s..
NOOOOO tax plan or reform until trump shows US all of his TAXES!!!!
What does it matter? Looking for charitable  organization? @realDonaldTrump files taxes.
Congress & Senate protect themselves. Term Limits!
Cinder also pushing false narrative that majority of middle-class Americans want trumps tax plan. BLOCK BOTS-TROLLS-stop propaganda attacks
Where did I do this? You are outta line & lost your common sense. You must oh yes, you are a Democrat without doubt. Look who he follows.
So true! The new tax cut plan is a scam!
Can Twitter hear screams? Trolls who support this bill can go back under the rocks whence they came. A majority support you your position.
Have you researched this yourself?  Or do you get all of your info from memes on Twitter and Facebook?
Again. How many years have you had to propose a plan that really works for everyone?  Stop fueling the fire and get to work.
Oh but Mr moneybags said it wasn't going to help him. More lies
California has the highest state income tax in the country. If you want to save your constituents money than Start at home.
What is the middle class income range? And can you tell me what the source of the data sent in response to your tweet.
Why do you keep  lying???
Omg no from California No No No
Please stop Trump also help to get rid of him.
Time for US to demand to see trump's taxes!
And who is going to pay for our running of the Government, middle class. All his rich friend get the cut too. Makes me sick.
Of course he & his family would profit! He doesn't do anything unless he's going to profit! I'm sure he thought he'd make lots as President!
Strange, I thought all California Democrats wanted Californians to pay more taxes. If not, why the push for giant tax hikes?
Hahaha that's good
The tax hikes are too let Trump be given more taxes breaks. He will finally be able to join the billion dollar club.
from the way it looks on your image he paid load of taxes, going by commas each one of those highlighted areas was in double-digit millions
This makes no sense because i thought democrats where for tax increases.
Yes! Thank you. Save our mortgage and state tax deduction! Tell @KamalaHarris  to focus on CA instead of every minority issue on the planet
Kamala is focusing on CA issues, do you look at the people in our state?
Like what?
Ca is becoming a minority majority state.  I'm opposed to trump's tax "reform."
Why complain? This means you'll benefit to
New Yorkers could pay more too.
Who cares about the rich and privileged in California?  Tax them to pay for the rest of the US especially the Kardashians. Tax away.
Here's a handy guide to how your taxes will go up, unless you make more than $471k. #PayTheirFareShare
That's ok, cause they gonna give the poor $1000 so we can buy a new car LoL 
Just one more way he is profiting from his Presidency.
Shouldn't California pay its #Fairshare
I guess you got to see his taxes?How did you get that done? More lies from a snow flake.
Californians state income tax (really high) will no longer be deductible (subsidize) on federal taxes. Lower state taxes problem solved!!
You’re hardly a trustworthy source of ANY information, Dianne 
You are rich DJT IS RICH ok. Being rick is not a sin. DJT USES HIS MONEY WISELY AND HE DONATES  lot. So we all win He creates jobs
Californians need to support there own high tax rate! Not the poor rural deplorables .
Oh that sounds as I'd expect. Villains.
California should give back to citizens  the tax dollars spent for illegal aliens. That will offset Fed tax impact.
You could save millions in California if you didn't have sanctuary cities, and many lives
Federal Tax Cuts=California Tax Increases
Federal Tax Increases= California Tax Increases. 
No Fed Tax =California increases Taxes
Jeez Di, when have you ever been worried about Californians paying more taxes??? Don't be a hypocrite.

Ya, we're going to pay more becuz CA taxes us into the ground!  This isn't about Trump.  It's about CA Dems tax & spend fetish!!!
How much $$$ savings for the #Hypocrite Family #TaxPlan @IvankaTrump @realDonaldTrump #DonTheCon #MillionersFirst
You're adding in the estate tax 'death tax' and that's 1 billion as it is... What a bunch of crap
Trump saves $43 million under new tax plan!   He family will also save $1 billion in inheritance tax!  So I guess con man trump lied again!
The death tax is so obscenely Marxist that no American should support it  or pay it. Anti-Americans rob families when the breadwinner dies.
#FakeNews
Using trumps 2006 taxes his new plan would save him 31M from elimination of AMT 16M new business tax 3-5m lost deductions net $43M savings
California should succeed & then they can tax themselves all they want.
Maybe CA will vote R next time #MAGA

Please do not support this bill
.@SenFeinstein @nytimes Because California has astronomical taxes on its citizens already. #LowerCATaxes
Where is your return and how much will you make under Trumps tax plan? Don't throw mud in clean clothes cause ya gonna get dirty! 
As a California I pay to much state taxex
But who is going to support sanctuary cities if you don’t?
California and the rest of the States could save Billions and Billions just by adherence to our Laws. Hopefully you know what Laws are!!!
Wait. I thought Trump was stupid, bankrupted his companies and didn’t pay taxes. Did Russians hack your mind?
#Trump is one the kings of #passthrough corporations will make a #windfall under #TrumpTaxScam
Quit pretending that you’re not one of the elite ruling class. Your net worth is easily $50 million excluding your husbands wealth.
he'll be saving even more now that he can change the rules...we haven't seen his recent tax returns...but Mueller has
How can we reduce corp tax that much!  We need to tie corp tax cuts to job growth! profits today benefit the executive level only!
Ca and ny are outliers yes
Lower the tax rate in CA to help out the middle class.
No one's surprised Trump would force middle class Californians to pay for his big tax cut. Big ? is whether any 14 in CA GOP delegation care
@realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump Trump n family have been using his office for personal financial gains and foreign favors since the beginning!
Source? Proof?
He wants to start a class war, FURTHER redistributing wealth to the top 1%. #NoWayBadHombre.
So you aren't for corporate tax rates in line with the rest of the world?  Are you OK with US companies moving their headquarters overseas?
How can this get communicated better some people believe trump even with all his lies!  Eliminating salt will hurt most people! Impeach him!
When #realDonaldTrump says anything I just automatically believe the opposite of what he is lying about #trumppathologicalliar
I do the same with trump and Republican Party!
Fighting w @realDonaldTrump & keeping corrupt.bankrupt/illegals of CA happy is really ALL the #Libtards care about. Screw rest of America
LIAR LIAR LIAR!!! Read the last paragraphs:
Hey that would ALMOST get Mrs. Jared Kushner out of debt with Russia. ALMOST.
@IvankaTrump That's one of the reasons Daddy is doing the #TaxcutsForTheRich #MillionersFirst #Hypocrites @DonaldJTrumpJr
COULD ...HMMM well Californias need to do something with that bankrupt economy..wish they would just #secede already
You could lower state taxes. Psssh. That's totally unreasonable because taxes are supposed to go up not down.
We are not dumb. Congress & Senate protect themselves first & foremost. There is not 1 of you who is not a millionaire.
Term Limits for you!
Sounds like someone is looking out for the top and giving it to the rest of us.
But it's ok for the idiots running CA to tax the crap out of the poor and middle class?  #Lunatics
As long as California's allow it  they will do it Just like the Congress
So you’re ok with getting raped by taxes?  Got it. 
You realize that this is the GOP throwing a bone to Wall Street and the Koch bros? When are you going to OVERTURN CITIZENS UNITED?
california can tax the RICH more more to offset the middle-class.  simple solution.
You are onto something. Great way to drive them out of the state! Evil, selfish rich people should move out. Right?
U McCain McConnell you’ve overstayed your welcome go the f away. Lots more in that group
And how much will you save?
The framework is bad for everyone except wealthy. NO REDUCTION OF TAX BRACKETS!
U haven't read it.Reduce to 3 brackets, lower corp rate to 20%. Top 10% earners pay 90% of all taxes. How much do U want?30 peo pay 0 taxes!
We in California ALWAYS pay more. While our roads crumble, while infrastructure crumbles. So YOU guys can reward Illegals. Whats' the dif?
Look who you elect
Because CA rips of its CA citizens with high taxes to support illegals and other crap
Feinstein California needs to start taking care of itself without looking for handouts
