We need a public option and Dems need to start talking about universal healthcare. 

So you don't miss it.

PUBLIC OPTION UNIVERSAL COVERAGE
UNIVERSAL HEALTHCARE
UNIVERSAL HEALTHCARE
UNIVERSAL HEALTHCARE
UNIVERSAL HEALTHCARE
UNIVERSAL HEALTHCARE
UNIVERSAL HEALTHCARE
UNIVERSAL HEAL
As a Canadian, I think we take our Universal Health Care for granted. Can't imagine worrying about health bills on top of everything else!
Or like, just plain NOT being able to get care, period
My 4yo stuck a bead in his ear. 2 visits to 2 ERs resulting in booking an OR to remove under sedation ...all it cost me was parking
Somebody paid, just not you
You pay even more when people are forced to use the ER as their primary care. Cost of civilization.
It's estimated that even if taxes went up to pay for single payer, average American would still save money by spending less on medical costs
America needs universal healthcare like every other developed nation on earth. Things like pre-existing conditions would be obsolete.
It's obvious, but for #FakePresident and his cronies healthcare is just a BUSINESS, and WE The Patients are OBJECTS used for profit.
Its disgusting and embarrassing mate. America is like a 3rd world country
Some so-called 3rd world countries have better healthcare than Americans, for exmpl Costarica: Americans travel there for medical treatment.
Often I have advanced non-life-threatening things done in Poland, even full-cost care there is less expensive then insurance covered in US.
Healthcare should not be a business, and definitely not for profit like it is in America. My brain surgery and cancer treatment cost me 0
Switzerland which had similar to US system until '90 after reform has universal compulsory private insurance,now most effective in the world
My Senator, I am already paying $1,236/month w $4,000 deductibles. Ages 55-64 are screwed, under Senate DeathCare. Please defeat it.
That's awful. I really hope we get a public option soon.
Can you believe I am actually looking forward to getting older, Medicare age?  so that I don't drain my savings? 
Sadly, Medicare is only 80/20 and doesn't cover expenses. Often many seniors have a hard time affording their Hc expenses even with it.
The CBO disagrees with you.
Thank God Our California's  Representatives have sense !!!
Hey Dianne, sounds exactly like your o-care!!! If o-care is so great; are YOU on it? If not why? You passed it...you should be on it!
So what's your plan to improve #Obamacare ?   Have something ready to go @TheDemocrats
Yes, we do!  We have been begging the Republicans to listen to those plans since the ACA was passed.
Tell ME!!!!!  What?!?
He called senators as the GOP scrambles to pass ObamaCare repeal because @trump wants Americans to pay for their own Healthcare,...and his.
But at least rich people will get a tax cut.
#GOPDONTGIVEAF0CK #GOPHATESICKPOOR
#TakeMine THEN #TAKEYOURSTOO #HEALTHCARE NOT #DEATHCARE
#LIARINCHIEF #GOPPAIDOFF #BIGPHARMAMONEY

I pay a lot now and receive less you have no clue what we working people have to pay or to the coverage
Less than we have now? Mmm
The republicans simply want to replace Obamacare with anything. These same republicans must be forced to use this same insurance plan...
Dems save USThe disabled the middle class even now poor 
The poor destitute
Smart woman
Still sounds like Obama care
Just like Obamacare! Government can not fix it. Beyond repair!
You have no clue as to the real working man and woman
Yet you're against Single Pay healthcare. You can't have it both ways sister.
This is the reason why only single payer is the only rational option.
And MILLIONS will lose their coverage altogether & wealthy people will receive large unneeded tax breaks as people die from lack of care
.  Mrs feinstien is one of those millionaire types you are complaining about.  I swear the electorate  is uneducated
. That's halarious same thing happened to me after Obamacare. You should retire.
And it's cruel.
If you can even afford
Is this a retweet from 2010?
And 22M receive NO coverage!
In other words, just like under Obamacare!  Under OC my weekly HI ded went from $50 to $85, deductible went from 1500 to 6500.
@RoyBlunt What is your answer for this? Why should we pay more to get less & give tax cuts to rich?500,000 in MO will lose healthcare
How does the CBRA affect congressional healthcare? Anybody? I can't find an answer.
And tax cuts for the rich. The GOP's mantra.
Sen. Dianne Feinstein do you have an amended ACA you can present to the public. You have to be ready with an alternative.
Hopefully, they are.
And the richest Americans get a huge tax cut in disguise, on the backs of our nation's poor, disabled, elderly, and most vulnerable.
Trump over billing then filing Chapter 7 & 11 several times at taxpayers and banks expenses Don't forget  A travesty not to forget!

or more likely you can't afford the increased cost and lose your coverage. The GOP will say "you made a choice."
Why are you not talking single payer they have tried everything the answer is single payer drug cost down insurance companies out
And less protection than we had before and if you live in a crap state, they can decide w/gov to make it even worse and cover even less.
You voted once already for a bill like that #obamacare
It's worse than that-- because millions won't be able to afford to keep it-- they'll have ZERO coverage.
I literally am close enough to being homeless because I can't afford my care after treatment rare cancers
I literally only have a phone because my daughter pays for it
How about you try to fix it instead of letting it implode or just resign

Should have gone for single payer when you had the chance and there would be no turning back. But YOU stopped that! #TimeYouGo
Dear Senator, u probably (or finally) read a copy of obama care.
Less coverage, sky rocketing premiums & still lookin 4 the doc I could keep

Yep.  The uninsured are going to rise sharply b/c who wants to throw money away on something that has little value. Just go 2 the ER instead
But you can use your tax refund to pay for it.  I'm being snide...
#mitchmcconell
did you expect anything else ?
Major league assholes these people are.
We are living through a COUP @
       AMERICA IS UNDER ATTACK 
I believe THIS! The question is do You?
REVOLUTION7417 fixes all 1 cell swoop
End employer healthcare tax deduction / Lift Employer HSA contrib limit to Cadillac Tax level / Medicaid to full subsidy exchange autoenroll
Thanks Obama
Its Obamacare. If you remove free market consumer choice you will always get higher cost and lower quality.Same with any product or service.
Wealthcare for the Rich
I know where u stand. So u know where I stand: I'm against it & I want u to vote no. I EXPECT u to vote no. No decent human can support that
@SenatorBurr @ThomTillis why do you both hate Americans...NC citizens...so much? Trumpcare is a disaster. Why won't you listen? Or care?
I also personally get a tax cut. No thanks. I'd rather have health insurance for 22 million Americans.
Kinda like my premium wasn't suppose to go up under Obama oh and I was suppose to keep my doctor
if you can get it at all
thanks..we guessed that..R's are Deplorable..
Since when are you an expert? If your so smart why didn't you predict all of the problems from Obama Care? You have NO credibility
Now the game of playing with peoples lives begins,with a dinner for Republicans  with Pence! Trumps #1 bully boy! Negotiate or intimidate?
I'm paying $800.00 a month in Arkansas & we took the Medicaid expansion.  Please defeat the GOP bill, this is all I can afford.
So McConnell talk is lies.
Senator, even worse will be those with no plan at all. Unaffordable private market will get more expensive.
It boils down to tax cuts for the excessively wealthy and death for the less fortunate. Thanks for your spin.
Under Obamacare you cant afford the deductibles or the monthly payment. So what are you talking about Frankenstein.
Then I vote for repeal!
AMERICA's turning it's back on those who've finally been able to be insured w/preexisting conditions.All To give Tax Cuts To The Richest 2%!
Geeese, this is heart wrenching.  Literally in tears. I have pre-existing conditions and I'm 64. My pay is less $ than my healthcare costs.
It's been going that direction for 25 years. You should have noticed.
Please help us!
Nancy would say pass it to see what's in it
@shannoncoulter "You pay MORE for health insurance and receive LESS coverage" & the rich get a huge tax cut.
Start screaming
Health insurers won't mind gloating about all the useless policies they will sell at a serious premium thanks to this sham bill.
So filibuster by amendments
please vote no.  Please
Low cost and subsidized are not the same.
Why am I not surprised??

Is Congress willing to give up their "special and separate healthcare plan" if the revisions to ObamaCare don't pass the Senate?
Do everything in your power to end this bill. I've called you several times unable to leave a VM. PLEASE do everything you can 
Can we use our own doctors?
Clean repeal and then the states can figure out healthcare
Burn it please.
I'm shocked! Shocked I tell you!
Single Payer for ALL.  If over 180 countries can do this, (for less money and better outcomes than we currently pay) so can we!
You must have been re-reading the Obamacare care plan!
Isn't that what a #dumbnation deserves?!... SAD When u can't even figure out who's on your side and vote for the other one. #insanity
But why??? WHY????????
Brilliant! Way to go Senator McConnell and friends!
And that's if you can get it with your pre-existing condition and aren't capped out annually or lifetime. R=Death Party
That is obamacare, If obamacare stays there will be no insurance coverage.
Well, America voted for #TheRealDonaldTrump
Maybe less people would die if Drs didn't get kickbacks for Rx. Also there would be motivation to prevent. Regardless, Healthcare is a right
#Resist Thank you @SenFeinstein
@GOP set to RAVAGE not only the people of America.. but our economy.
For 20 yrs #healthcare jobs have been the BACKBONE of employment gains.
Are we willing to have the United States become a land of desperate, unemployed, sickly people w. cares & woes so #profound they breakdown?
Sounds like the aca. I am paying more now and recieving less. Didn't you claim it would bring cost down years ago? Guess you forgot that.
If you get it at all.
Trumpcare: Insurance without health!
Please impeach treasonous tRUmp and his corrupt cohorts: McConnell pence and Ryan
Please remove that bastard from office & take Pence, Sessions,McConnell & Ryan & the rest of these traitors with them.
How's that any different than the Affordable Care Act?
IF you can afford coverage at all...
Sounds a lot like Obamacare. Get rid of both and let the true #freemarket get to work!
And that's the *good* part.
Louder, say it LOUDER and more often #AHCAisIMMORAL
We're not ins, we pay discounted cash rate at a local Catholic services, when/if needed, why would we buy this 'new' so called health plan?
Please support @SenSanders' #Medicaid4All bill. Listen to your constituents or I'm certain David Hildebrand will be our new Senator.
I read it and that is a lie!
I would have been floored, absolutely floored if the Democrat response was anything less.
I loved Pelosi say it would kill 100's of 1000's
let's hope you can get some of your GOP colleagues to vote NO on the AHCA @joniernst @SenCapito @SenatorCollins @SenatorFischer 
And those with pre-existing conditions will only get health care if they're rich. Can you please support universal health care?
@SophieInCT Wait...what happened to "Everyone will be covered at a fraction of the cost..blah blah"
It's already that way.
TY for your leadership.When I hear @GOP saying lower prices all I think of is how much care? Anyone can lower prices & provide no services.
So no change from Obamacare?
Thank you for fighting for all of us! As a Californian I am thankful for you and Senator Harris!
Because everything he said seems inferior to the already insufficient situation.
Funny that's what Obamacare did to my middle class plan. Higher premium higher deductable. Couldn't keep my dr. Or plan. More lies.
Your insurance company had to start covering more things, it didn't want to, so it raised prices astronomically to drive people away.
And if you are wealthy, you get the added bonus of a tax break.
Trumpcare would kill me. If it passes, I'm dead & I'm not alone. We need to get rid of the GOP. We need #Obamacare!
Please do not let it pass
Trump is making your country great again. NOT
You didn't review it very well Nancy.
Why did you need Medicaid if you had Obamacare?

Why do you need Medicaid if you have AHCA?
Yeah OK. Let's listen to the democrat from CA.
So, at what point do you get mad and draw a line in the sand? So tired of Dems with no fight in them
Of course that's how the Rockies get richer.
Richies
Sure 
It figures.  Seems unstoppable.  I do not see the holdouts sticking to it.....
It sounds like trump broke whites are in for a big surprise. Hope TrumpCare left funeral coverage!
Racist much?
With Obamacare you pay more and can't afford to use it.
Would have been nice of you to tell us that's exactly what we could expect from Obamacare.
So just like Obamacare
Fight hard. Thank you!
Or Die ? The GOP Death Panels projection  Drop Third way . You can't meet Bat-Shit crazy in the middle  . Take it from a Pro
Thanks mitch
LIAR LIAR Pantsuit on Fire 
Oh ... end ALL fed med policy except VA!  Free market ... X-State lines.  $5K tax credit.  Remove all employer connections.
All politicians should have the same healthcare as they want us as citizens to have
And the rich get richer.

Sadly as long as the republicans have control it will more than likely pass. The repubs will follow #45 and put party over country! #AHCA
8-1-16 lost healthcare,can't afford plan with new employer,can't afford to seek medical care for chronic migraines with plan we can afford.
Sounds like a plan all Republicans will love
Thank you Senator for summarizing this plan for us.
So no change from Obamacare.
Sen Feinstein, please do anything in your power including withholding consent & multiple amendments to block passage.
One amendment :Senators who vote for AHCA take turns explaining directly to people who lose care why their health & life dont  matter.
what is your alternative ??
So, no one will buy insurance and everyone will suffer. Got it.
Da really? We needed her to tell us that#while trump is killing us
But the time this starts, ill be 66.Will I have any coverage?
You've tried scaring us now you're trying to lie to us no confidence in your point of view time for you to leave
Sounds about rite....
Ah but the most important among us, the rich and insurance companies, benefit. Isn't that the whole point?
That's if you can afford trumpdeathcare
So your previous comments were baseless ..?
Strong words. Well said.
The GOP is a terror organization.
