yes, #childcare4all then #food4all, #housing4all, #phones4all, #cars4all. Then Dem voters can sit on their asses all day...and get paid.
Food stamps, subsidized housing, Medicaid, free phone & computer, discounted internet, etc etc.  it's already here.
We're flying towards socialism at a rapid pace. Idiots think the USA is rich but it's all built on financial engineering & will collapse.
Then we can just go to the billionaires and take their shit
I don't want their shit!  I want to earn my own billion dollars!  I don't need anyone's money
Lol "earn."  No one actually "earns" billions
Ok earn millions and invest wisely.  Better?
Even millions is iffy. It's not earning,  it's leveraging advantages and being at the right place at the right time
No thanks, you dims have helped America over the financial cliff already.
Don't do US any more favors
Obviously the tri growing problem is personal responsibility.  Too many entitlements are already going unfunded. No more!! Please!!!!!!
If you can't pay for it don't have them it's called responsibility
How about addressing the issue of poor people having so many children? Treat the disease, not the symptoms.
#ChildCare4All #healthcare4all These are all expenses that those of us that work 40, 60, and 80 hours a week have to pay. How about #getajob
How? By making child care cost a crushing tax burden for others?
Where were you for the last eight years, those kids can watch themselves now. SMH
Im not psying for someones kid
For #AmericaFirst families or #IllegalAliens families? You #California #Democrats choose #Illegals over #Citizens. No more #Liberals! #MAGA
So why don't Udonate some of YOUR money to take care of the children? Why do I have to be poor because Uspend my  while you make millions?!
So what you're really saying is, Planned Parenthood prices are too high in California?  So, get them lowered!
Should not be at the top of your list!
Who lays for these unfunded programs.  Stop with all of these entitlements.
Just make everything free for everyone.
That's RIDICULOUS and immature. PAY YOUR OWN WAY!!
Your bill will help welfare families what about those of us that are now paying more for health insurance that we can't afford?
I got a guy if you need help
More free stuff wanted from demos with no way to pay for it
Oh yeah more WELFARE YIPEEE how bout those who have kids take responsibility for them I raised 2 kids on my own I pd for daycare WORK
Your bill?  Childcare issue in America was initiated by Ivanka Trump.  All of a sudden, Dems have the same idea.  Hypocrites. Vote liars out
Stop giving away our state and tax payer money
Support Medicare for All or get primaried.
How do proposed that since Bernie himself said it would ruin this country n bankrupt us do your homework for once educate urself
If it's a tax credit it won't help working-class and middle-class families. Daycare is a month-to-month bill.
If i made more my wife wouldnt have to work.  Best case scenario.
Funny thing about Socialism is eventually you'll run out of other people's money.
so why did you hurt the kids of the coal miners by putting there dads out of work....
It doesn't cost anything for mom and dad to take care of them if they work different shifts or moms do what our moms did.  Stay home.
Thank you for raising importance to this cause!
Stop spending other people's money. Work with #POTUS to build jobs.
And how are you paying for all these goodies?  Nobody in your state works!
I wrote my last Child Support Check over a decade ago - I don't need some CA Senator trying to backdoor me for more again.
get illegals vetted , train and pay min wage to watch these ;ittle burdens, DUH!!!
If you were worried about crushing burden you would work to lower taxes,  you lying POS.
The poor already get free or reduced child care and that includes illegals so who are u directing this too
You're PART OF THE problem!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Having children is a crushing burden for many families, and yet they keep on pumping out baby after baby.
BIRTH. CONTROL.
People having kids should pay, not me. Kids education, healthcare, school lunch, on and on. Now free college. JFC I'm tired of paying 4 kids
Why do you think having children is on the decline! It cost too much!
More Government is not the answer.
I see hateful replies saying don't have kids if you can't afford. I'm middle class. Daycare for 1 kid is $800/mo. Ppl don't get it.
Feinstein~ Your Communist Ideas offend the American Voters!
Obviously, you are receiving large sums of money to destroy America's Citizens
what would help more is to NOT have kids. The finaincial burden goes way past 18.  then what?
Oh goody. Something more for taxpayers to pay for, and not those responsible for their own kids.
This utopia you Democrats promise is a lie!
Some places cost at least $600 a week per child.
Literally Nanny-statism.
Hey feinstein Gop House just voted to defund PP -
UNREAL
Then why don't you pay for it, I raised my kids I shouldn't have to pay to raise someone else's
How about teaching people to have more self control and not have babies if you can't afford them #TruthHurts

I feel like the real problem is an inflatable currency.
Are you paying for it? That would mean we all get taxed out the ass! No thanks!!!
Nice distraction from Medicare 4 all.
Get Planned Parenthood to babysit.
No, if you can't afford a child than don't have one!  Why should I have to pay for your child, when I have none myself.  Be responsible!
Could #libnazis be anymore dramatic it's so played...just like the race card....change the record already and #maga
Thank you 
How about the crushing burden of healthcare premiums?
It is for me a single mom
Thought Obama took care of that? So we don't need PP anymore due to Obamacare- stop supporting killing God's unborn
Yeah tell the damn baby factories to shut down production of kids that the rest of us have to support!
On your dime NOT mine
You are a crushing burden to Catholics

#cnn #msnbc #foxnews #demexit #maga #tucker #maddow #ChildCare4All
Working families need help. How do we keep care providers from scamming G-assistance by increasing costs? health care providers, too?
NO, taxpayers are NOT supposed to be paying daycare costs for anyone. If they can't afford them, they shouldn't have them. NO OUR EXPENSE.
Can't afford childcare?

Don't have children.
Free child care for all 
Free All-you-can-eat buffets for all
Medicare for all 
Free houses for all 
Free cars for all 
What next?
I demand free ammunition
If you can't afford kids.... Don't have kids
Exactly. People should be spending money on their families, not people who immigrated here, and now think they're entitled to our money.
No need to burden the rest of us with it.  . work or stay home and take care of kids. It's a choice when it comes to murdering baby to you.
Your bill is outright communism that punishes the childless and disabled.
So close, yet so far. Why not #MedicareForAll @SenFeinstein ?? Get on board!
Only if you and the other DNC criminals pay for this out of pocket
By taking money away from some families and giving it to other families? Tell me more.

Check out Obamacare architect Jonathan Gruber's longitudinal study on universal daycare in Quebec. It's  been very bad for kids in Quebec.
This sounds like the same bs U ppl spewed abt healthcare. That didn't work out well, either. Just stop.
If people can't afford to provide for children then they shouldn't have them. Problem addressed. Quit stealing my money.
.  Proper planning by the parents would solve this problem.
Don't agree. I'm single Mom payed $1400 month for great childcare. This was my choice, my "burden" #ChildCare4All
1400 a month how many kids do you have.
who would pay for it?
Who pays?  My wife and I paid $11K a year per child for childcare.  Are we now supposed to pay for someone else now too?
Taxes to pay for #ChildCare4All would be a crushing burden for everyone else. Senator, money does not grow on trees. Thought you should know
20 trillion spent on endless war 20 trillion in debt and your worried about free child care ? ok...that seems crazy to me.
Who is paying? I waited to have kids and until I can afford them.
How about giving us money back from tax relief? How about living wages and not forcing both parents to work to scrape by? Not more bills.
Why would taxpayers foot the bill for kids who are not ours??
They made a choice Senator. I'm not paying for someone's child care!! I paid for my kids child care because it was my choice. Butt out!!
you know we already had this before right ? #ChildCare4All was around in the 1990's then Bill Clinton cut welfare and ended it.
Then tell the people to stop having kids they can't afford.
Everything the government touches become a crushing burden.
What world do you live in all you Dem POLITICIANS do is but more burden on the taxpayer.  Just ask CALI, we are becoming a bankrupt state!
True enough and you want to give it away TO DACA what's up with that
CA could prob. afford a lot of things if we would balance our budget!
Could you address HealthCare. You did not complete that task yet
If you're struggling to make ends meet & still want to have sex, don't have kids. It's not my job to pay for other people's bad judgment.
We already pay them through medicaid and other welfare. Stop trying to get honest, hard-working tax payers to be slaves to the system. (2/2)
We said NO!
. This statement is the most ludicrous statement i have ever seen.  The parents bear this responsibilty
.
here's an idea about #ChildCare4All... Let's these women who don't work but have a million kids work at the day care centers.... (1/2)
I work. I pay child care. It is MY responsibility. No one else's. When does it all stop?
A "crushing burden"?  How much should people be paid to take care of children?
Your children, your responsibility
Whatever happened to being responsible?
I pray that u continue trying to buy votes & insult the intelligence of voters. Ppl believe that if u cant afford kids-dont have them #duh
If "Child Care costs are a crushing burden for so many families"
How the hell does CA bear that financial burden?
#Seriously
Taxes on #WTF?
If women are working, require their employment to pay for child care, not the freaking government.
Dems are real good at spending other people's money. Why not remind ppl that the Govt has no money of its own -- it all comes from taxpayers
If people lived within their means, they wouldn't need childcare because one parent would be staying home!
I am paying $600 a month for my healthcare & chose not to be selfish by having children. Money is needed elsewhere!
Stop federalizing everything! Leftists gee
We can't provide everything for everyone!!
u know..cus being responsible and not putting it in the front hole until u both are ready mentally and financially to have a kid is 2 hard..
Only way to pay for this is raise taxes.  Instead of paying childcare providers, we're paying Uncle Sam.  Doesn't save us money.
So is healthcare.
My car payment is crushing me, will you make my payment. Can you make my cell payment too? Oh, obama already did that.
So would closing ones legs 
How #Democrats condescend to their constituents... why would u want #Democrats raising your kids
Thank you @SenFeinstein for personally footing the bill for my kids.  Can I have some money to go to the mall? #PersonalResponsibility
Or, stop raising taxes so much that both parents have to work outside the home, and let one stay home & raise the kids for less $$.
Then perhaps they shouldn't HAVE children. Just a thought.
California is over 1 Trillion in Debt
California, 20% of people in CA are living in poverty
YOU ARE A CA POLITICIAN

YOU ARE THE BURDEN
Dont have kids you cant afford.  Dont force your financial responsibility on others.  Take care of your own shit!
Let employers offer it.   Don't saddle our children with more debt.
I'm with you @SenFeinstein Go for it, but make sure those daycare operators passes background & drug tests for all who works there. Thanks!
Single parent families are a full grown problem
Please do not ignore the Foster children in our country...They have no one looking out for them...
No. Tax relief would fix.
Because handing out freebies to lazy leeches and illegals is the only way Democrats get votes. Pay your own bills- its called being an adult
If you can't afford the "burden", then don't have the children. I know it's a novel thought to you, but we have to live within our means!!!
How? To crush someone else to pay for someone else's kids
Attention government. Stop helping.  Your killing us. -middle class
Hell, let's do a #EverythingForAll hashtag. Never seen so many I want I want in my life..& I'm as liberal as they come, but damn…
Both parties agree, but WHO WILL PAY FOR IT???
They tell voters they're going to do it then when people explain it cannot work, that person is evil, hates (insert offended party here)
Women, not families. But this administration has decided women are not important.
What are you talking about?
Oh Diane least we forget to say how you're going to pay for it. Middle class is going to pick up the tab.
Why stop there Dianne? Hell just make everything free. Throw open the doors and we will all quit work and watch America collapse.
Oh, FFS - stay the hell out of it. Ppl need to deal with their own issues. I don't want to pay for everyone's childcare.
Who pays?
Stop pretending anything is free! The tax payers pay for all your entitlements! Fix the economy & create jobs, oh yeah, Dems don't do that!
As long everyone gets the  same healthcare available to senators and members of congress #ChildCare4All
Agreed, maybe rethink the whole paying thing for 800k illegals under DACA, so gov't can help families with childcare instead.
Next up for democrats: #Botox4All #AvocadoToast4All #OrganicGroceries4All #Teslas4All #Healthclubs4All #CleaningLadies4All #iphoneX4All
These are rights not privileges, dammit!
"Child care costs are a crushing burden for so many families. Our bill would force you to pay it, for them." Fixed it for you, Comrade.
It's gov theft,, half the people dont even have jobs, bring back workfare.. all Dem solutions involve stealing.
You are making legal Calif. citizens pay for illegal aliens' food stamps, Medicaid,welfare, nonstop freebies.  Now babysitting???
Funny watching the democrats going all in with a guy who never held a job until he was 40 and after 40 did nothing but suck at the gov teat.
Actually, everyone would now be burdened with more taxes to pay for this childcare. It's insane to think the govt should be involved
Start indoctrinating earlier
cut our taxes and maybe we can live on one income with more take home pay!
So is Obamacare but you're forcing us to pay that.
Please also support #MedicareForAll so that those families can afford to care for their sick children without going bankrupt.
You realize your constituents have this problem because they can't hold a family together right?

I Already Raised My Children And Managed .. I Don't Think I Should Have To Pay For Others .. Gov't Controlled Childcare Is Insane !!
Pisses me off! My husband and I struggled so I could stay home w/ kids. No tax break but if I put them in daycare there would have been now
free childcare for all? Life is full of tough choices, I'm so sick of this crap.
Citation? Like Feinstein needs a citation for being a fool
You want to create a SOCIALIZED America. That's all this is about. Spread the wealth and kill the opportunity potential which is the US way.
Just a thought, here. Maybe people should not have children until they can afford to take care of them.
Churches and neighbors help out, not taxpayers!
Hmmm... no thanks
Are You Going To Pay For This Dianne ?? Americans That Work Are Already Taxed To Death .. Lower Taxes And Let Mom's Stay Home And Raise Them
then you would have more single Moms on Welfare, because if they dont work they have to get the $ some where, and dont forget single dads
I think she means one parent working one stay home
This speaks to parents being part of community,family and churches. Traditionally it takes a village to raise children. Not gov handouts.
It takes two parents to raise children. That's why procreation works the way it does.
Orrrrrrr people could just not have children if they can't afford it?
You mean the "bill" you will slide across the table to taxpayers?
You have no idea.
Who took care of you as a child, Senator? Wouldn't it be great if Mom or dad could afford to stay home with their kids if they wanted?
No let's tax everyone until 50% goes right to the govt.  because they spend $ so wisely
Cut our taxes so a single income will support a family.
what about our crushing government debt.
Let the children worry about that.
Instruct them not to breed!!
By Putting the Tax Burden On Others ' Meaning ' Mom's that got off welfare working two jobs
Now Has to pay higher Taxes
F................k
Yes, let's add more incentives for poor families to have even more children.
If child care costs are a crushing burden, don't have children!
Wouldn't that be a state priority?
How about paying people more for their work instead?
Never took a dime from government and didn't want to. Other people aren't responsible for my expenses
How about raising wages and lowering prices and maybe one parent could afford to stay home
If people can't afford to care for their children, don't have them. I raised 2 children and one I paid out of pocket for his birth
Who do you think pays for the bill?
Problem has existed for decades. We keep waiting for fat cats in DC to do something about it. No pork for your rich buddies.
Please. It should not be a choice between good and bad providers you can afford
It was just as big a part of our home's budget when raising our kids, but we managed. 
I'm not interested in paying for child care anymore.
