Californians expect for you to demand a Independent Prosecutor to investigate #Trumprussia! Be loud and clear on this request! #resist
Californians expect her not waste money on new inquiry, there are at least 3 going on by professional career non political Special Agents
All of them have been impeded by Trump or his bidders at one point or another! So, nope, we need Independent Prosecutor! Nice try though!
there is absolutely no evidence of that. This would just waste tax dollars.
There's no evidence because it's an ongoing investigation! Partisan politics is why we need Independent Prosecutor.
Please take all steps, including walkout and filibuster, required to get a Special Prosecutor appointed before continuing work in Senate
Waste of money, currently 3+ investigations being conducted by separate agencies by career professionals. Special Agents don't do politics.
TW, hypothetical: If DJT himself coordinated release of dem hacked emails during campaign would YOU be troubled enuf by it to want it known?
Just be honest. I am interested in your sincere POV.
I really think Russia was trying mess w/election. Don't forget that they tried to hack RNC too but RNC had better cyber security.
That's my thot too. But all Trump conduct since Flynn outting sez no. Hypothetical stands: Doubt a true Trumper minds if he talked to Russia
But Trump will sell his Mom for a $. Rus has 500B oil reserve on hold. And Is only large nation who Agri-benefits from global warming.
PLEASE DO MORE THAN REFLECT
Can democrats do anything to stop this ?
Why, Dems have been asking for him to be fired for months.
We must have an independent investigation!
My goodness NO. It will waste tax dollars & s tree art the process all over again.  There are at least 3 investigations ongoing as is.
Trees ?   You won't have bloody trees after your polluted water and air kills them all..
??? I don't know anyone who wants dirty air or water. Not sure what that has to do with Comey?  USA could have zero emissions w/ no changes
Lol , read your post !
Please help put a stop to this madness!
That's all you got? Russia? Really
We are all in an "incredulous"state of mind!
More like you're reflecting on the invention of the cotton gin. Now is not the time to retire though. The right time was 1982.
I always considered you part of the problem, and until you stop talking and DO something I always will.
Dianne you forget about the Obama/Russian investigation?
DEMS should cease any kind of business until a 9/11 style commission is set @SenSchumer
You're right, the Russian sties to Clinton Foundation & Email scandal should be investigated.
Last I checked, HRC is NOT the President of The United States. TRUMP IS.
The hypocrisy by Dems is astonishing. They have been demanding Come's dismissal for months. They got what they wanted.
Besides being incredulous, what can we citizens do help preserve what remains of our republic?
And the investigation continues regardless...Are the Dems really that deaf?

Then take action! Don't just reflect on it! No one in Congressb is doing anything to stop @realDonaldTrump and it's hurting our country!
This reflecting thing: can u move a little faster? The universe is on fire, thanks
There is no there, there. Move on to another subject, oh wait, the democrats have run out of ideas. 8 years of Donald Trump! #MAGA
Why weren't you the same with all the Hillary and Huma garbage.?  Obstructionist Party.
MADAM, DO SOMETHING THEN!!!! USE THE POWER THE PEOPLE HAVE GIVEN YOU!!!! MAKE A STAND!!!!
Just like @realDonaldTrump said, you're all talk and no action, that's why he won and that's why he's been all action so far #DrainTheSwamp
Gracie, you look sleepy. Quit worrying so much. Get more sleep. Watch comedies. You don't know why Comey was fired. It wasn't your fault.
It was Comey's fault he got to leave his post 6 years early. He asked for it -- literally. He made his mark on DC, then tossed the bouquet.
Anyone think that Comey was hands on any investigation?  Investigations are done by the non political Professional Career Special Agents
Bot bot bot bot....dumb bot..
The professional FBI Special Agents conducting investigations are & will continue to do their sworn duties.  Get a grip!!
As a constituent, I implore you to demand a special prosecutor in the investigation to Trump-Russia ties, and ask for Sessions resignation.

For God's sake Senator, the moment requires far more than reflection and being "troubled". Please use your powerful voice effectively.
Find America an independent party to seek the truth! Do it for all Americans, California needs you to do this now!
It is still ongoing! Dumocrat sheeple will believe anything.
You work for the American people and we are demanding action if any of you actually care.
Then you and other members need to do your job and demand a special investigator to continue the investigation and demand answers!
Please, what can I do?
aka you heard from your irate constituents regarding your initial blase acceptance tweet. Maybe you'll listen re: legalizing cannabis?
What a hypocrite, when entire Democratic Party was calling for Comeys firing after he announced to Congress that investigation was reopened
Action, not words.  Kinda done with words at this point.
He will shake hands with the Russians but not the German chancellor???
Russia Russia Russia.. Dems lost get over it!. #chickenlittle #partisanrhetoric #termlimitsforcongress #arrogantelites
Why is it taking so long to get a #SpecialProsecutor ?  Trump and his cronies must be stopped before they destroy our country!
Question Jared
DistractionGate from trump collusion and treason in RussiaGate! What next from trump, War...?
NIXON NIXON NIXON NIXON NIXON NIXON NIXON NIXON NICON NIXON
Thank you for doing your job!  We must have an independent prosecutor!!!
Fight! Resist? Our government is at stake!,
Impeach him.
WE elected President Trump to go to D.C. and kick some a$$ and that is exactly what he is doing.  Go President Trump, WE have your back.
Incredulous? OK, but after that, how about furious, disgusted, motivated. You must do something about this travesty. Censure, impeach.
Me also.  Please continue to fight for independent investigation of this issue.
There is URGENT NEED FOR ACTION.
What is going on is unopposed Power Grab by a thug, with help of foreign power, ENEMY  !
Trump's the biggest security threat 4 USA.Getting his ass out of the WH should be your focus.He's the biggest danger to democracy in 400 yrs
Of course and he's really smooth. Don't let his sorry ass get away with it He's sexist and I have a few other choice words I could use.
What are you going to do Senator? I voted for you. Are you going to take action?
I phoned your office twice today and lines were full . Obstruction of justice, we need independent investigation.
Please support independent investigation into Russia's 2016 election  interference. What's wrong with Mitch McConnell that he declined this?
Words aren't enough at this point Dianne. What are you going to DO????? ACTION NOT WORDS PLEASE!!!!
TURN THE HEAT UP DIANNE!!! CLEARLY tRump is trying to stimy the Russia investigation. HOLD HIM ACCOUNTABLE! Don't let him get away w/this!
Dianne please go after this RUTHLESSLY! Don't just speak up for us, YELL, HOLLER! You are our voice and we are ANGRY! Go after tRump!
@HillaryClinton must be shaking in the woods because the real Russia probe is coming.
Please continue to push for a special prosecutor- this Californian is behind you!
Thank you Senator Feinstein! When you became a Senator, I'm sure you never expected our country to be dealing with nightmare like this!
We believe Comey firing is "cover-up" and attempt to throw roadblock on investigation re #Russia/Trump collision.
Incredulous? That's putting things nicely. Meanwhile, our NATIONAL SECURITY is at stake while Congress sits in shock. #TrumpRussia probe NOW
You mean now that you've received all the dishonest Democratic talking points you know what to pretend you've concluded.  Shameless hack.
Why ?  You shouldn't be surprised at all considering the magnitude of this. The corruption goes all the way to the cleaning lady..
Dems lost election fair & square & it's time to move on. We have so much we can all agree on so let's work on these things & stop the hatred
But you wanted him fired a few months ago.  Hillary Clinton would have fired him immediately if elected.  Lots of Hypocrisy here.
Please support Medical Marijuana
Thank you Senator for fighting the good fight for our nation
So what are you going to do about it Senator?
Something must be done to stop this madness, and soon. Trump is attempting to destroy the government from within. He is not normal.
Enough with this Russian connection BS! Your party is hurting the USA with divisiveness.  Russians are gloating over your bogus snipe hunt.
Stop trying to find the right words.  Find the right ACTIONS and report back.
'Feinstein also called for a justice department review".  What about ur position that Comey wasn't doing his job?
Then call for an independent commission to investigate the Trump administration's Russian ties! #trumpgate #SoundtheAlarm #SpecialProsecutor
Might as well check out the ties with the Clinton Foundation as well.
PLEASE press hard for Americans. We can't take much more. Starting to lose hope that anything will be done to stop Trump
You've been schooled... Support Medicare for all or you can just go away because we aren't taking no for an answer!.
Yep.
In the meantime Trump allowed Russian CAMERA crews into the Oval Office with equipment! Needs to be swept for bugs & hidden cameras NOW!
No more cooperation until special prosecutor appointed.
Dems need to step it up.
In other words, your first response wasn't strong enough. Correct.
What's the big deal for Repubs to allow independent  commission? R they so convinced they r on the right side of history on this? 
#SaveTheRepublic this is well beyond enough. The mentally ill #NarcissistInChief is tearing at the fabric of our constitution.
An investigation that has been going on for months and has proven to be fruitless.  Do something news worthy and retire.
Welcome to my world
please demand a special prosecutor to look into Trump & co's Russia/Russians connections. Comey Firing is part of Trump's "shock & awe."
Thank you. Take good care, US needs you now more than ever.
Please persist!
@POTUS We want a special prosecutor to reopen Hillary's involvement with the Russians & 25% of OUR uranium and her misuse of her emails.
@SenFeinstein did @realDonaldTrump call you tell you something different then what @SarahHuckabee said in WH press briefing? Who is lying?
Then get this done! Get a special prosecutor!! Smells of Watergate.
Please call for an independent investigation! There is no time to be wasted! Americans are afraid we will lose our democracy!
Stop reflecting. DO!
So go after them. Complete standstill until Special Prosecutor is appointed.
Do something.
This is when we need leadership and determination most from the Democrats. Make it happen.
You're right. Something set him off.  It's Russia.  Comey asked for more money & resources.  It is not going away so we have to hang on.
Stop the lies. Its an investigation on Russia interferring with your party, not Trump. Why do you lie to Americans?
You know Diana when you and the other Dems talk Russia the American people laugh you are totally insane with this Russia thing no creditable
Stop complaining and do something!
I'm incredulous you continue to get elected. Go figure.
This "new normal" is unacceptable.
The country has given him enough free passes. This has to stop.
Please, PLEASE, start impeachment proceedings on trump.  there's enough to go on at this point.
Quit reflecting and DO something!!
"Incredulous"? How about "fearful for the Constitution"? Please call for #IndependentInvestigation #TrumpRussia #Watergate
Pls withhold unanimous consent in the Senate until DoJ appoints a special prosecutor
Senator, please don't stop the drumbeat for a special prosecutor. We need constant, sustained demand.
YES!
Your faux outrage leaves many unmoved.  Try to actually accomplish something for CA voters & stop obstructing @POTUS !
Dianne, you know exactly what this firing is about, and so do the American people.
And considering ongoing threats from ISIS, foreign intelligence, and organized crime.  Comey's firing was deeply irresponsible.  Period.
Same goes for my hopes for the more necessary investigation into the fraud committed by the DNC. Can't forget Pedogate either Senator.
Sad.
But you were one of the many Democrats who wanted him fired. Now you flip flop? Simply because the politics no longer support your narrative
So now what? Mitch was clear where Dems could stick their ind investigator. Do people need to start surrounding Capitol building in protest?
Why did the prez call you? Trying to see if you would collude? He got nunes and Chavez trying to pick off congress too?
Help.us.please.
WAS THIS WHAT DEMS ASKED FOR TO GET THIS CRAPPY INSURANCE VOTED THROUGH? YOU ALL SHOULD BE FIRED!
Trump gave Mitch McConnell's wife a job in his admin. McConnell literally broke the senate. And the media still don't ?
The working American people are no longer willing too let your gang squander our livelihood and honor
The Dems must get @GOP on board to appoint special prosecutor or committee to investigate, subpoena & indict. They're all@complicit if not.
You need to shut the government down until we have a special prosecutor. Do not negotiate with the enemy.
Really doubt he did most of the work? Should not effect this at all
As I look upon your Campaigns Financial Contributions you oppose Single Payer at the cost of 498,900$ pharma and 1,085,293$ med professional
Thank you Senator. I agree. We MUST appoint an independent special prosecutor to investigate Russian ties to @POTUS and the 2016 election
You mean special ties to the Clinton Foundation don't you?
No!
DEMAND special prosecutor -- don't suggest or recommend, take your shoe off and hit the damn table. DEMAND!!!
Make Comey the Special Prosecutor. As @SenAngusKing pointed out, he's qualified, cleared, and doesn't have a job.
As your constituent, I implore you to turn up the heat on this investigation and demand a special prosecutor for Trump's illegal actions.
Pretty hard when they parked their own in the AG seat...of course we all knew what that was about.
Please obstruct McConnell.
say the words... #IndependentInvestigation #SpecialProsecutor #IndependentInvestigationNow
So do something about it.
can we hear your action plan, please?
You're not my rep. You're a waste of my tax dollars. Why don't you ever hold town hall meetings anywhere else but Frisco? #draintheswamp
I am completely and 100% in agreement with u.
answer to this family
Isn't this blatant obstruction of the FBI's investigation an impeachable offense?
Thank you @SenFeinstein for standing with Dems and others!
Better be stopping the work of the Senate until there is an Independent Prosecutor
Yes the Clinton Foundation should be completely investigated for its ties to Russia & other governments not finds of USA.
Yawn...but not the present Government which is blatently robbing you blind, lol.  Smart one here.
Thank you.
So many of us are as well. Please don't let this get swept under the carpet!!!!!?
