You VOTED for someone knew was pro-torture. "But I will write a strongly worded letter" doesn't cut it. Time to step aside.
What do you know about war, other than what you read.
is it moral to cut heads off  Christians?
Lying democrats are immoral and ineffective too @WhiteHouse @POTUS Trump's exec orders are the number to reverse idiot obama
beheading is also evil. Torture is necessary against the evil. If it were me I would just kill them all.
and what do you know? You did not serve, I can assure you torture does work, war is war, it happens. Whining dems need to hush
#Torture wouldn't b an #issue, if we didn't hav #immoral people in #politic n #congress.#Democrats #masters of #Immorality.
I'm pretty sure I can get some information our of you if I called the @CIA
thank you! I hope to add my voice to further illuminate the SERE EIT torture issue soon.
Read what Winston Churchill said about ISLAM, you might learn something about this barbaric & savage political ideology.
why dont want to offend ur muslim friends?
that you were part of
remember these animals cut Christians head are you ok with that I'm not
WRITER CHRISTOPHER HITCHENS TRIED WATERBOARDING-PERHAPS THE PREZ SHOULD TRY IT OR AT LEAST WITNESS IT FIRSTHAND.
every day you're still in office is torture for us, so quit.

Isn't that a war crime?  And wouldn't he be a  war criminals?  Subject to prosecution?  He should be held accountable.
allowing special needs individuals to own guns such as my daughter, insanity. We would be happy to discuss why.
got visit Iran and preach you love & peace there ....
did it work on the scum bag that was a mastermind of the towers coming down?
want to talk about immoral? How bout innocent babies being torn apart from their mothers womb?
If this happens, what legal action is necessary?
@glynco Dems have a serious reading disability.  POTUS order, clearly, in English, small words so Dems could read, NO TORTURE!
just to inform you all our dark histories has been started by Democrats
Trump reinstate waterboarding with appointment of torture artist as CIA deputy director?
thank you for this and all your fearless and relentless work towards rebuilding our democracy
rebuilding... did I miss something? Abd its a Constitutional Republic, with democratiaclly elected officials noob.
Then why did you vote for Pompeo? #Standup or #RESIGN
youre ineffective!!!
Thank you Senator for fighting torture. I will not forget your courageous stand against "enhanced" interrogation techniques.
I'm losing respect & patience rapidly. You & all sane minded pols need to fight against this administration right now
I am being tortured every time I hear/see you, i'd rather be water-boarded then be stranded on a desert island with you naked!
torture *can* be effective. It's a question of how far you're willing to go. If you think it's easy to withstand, you try it
How else are we going to ever get Trump to release his tax returns?
Why is no one investigating the botched mission. Seal killed &many others. @POTUS not even in Sit room #asleep #shame
Torture IS a crime & it's against International Law.
All @BarackObama did was forbid CIA,rendition never stopped, oversight is a Joke. Torture continues by others for our benefit
I thought this subject was responded to/already taken care of by General Mattis
yes, once is too much.
NO THANKS TO YOUR PARTY WE ARE STARTING A NEW CHAPTER OF VIOLENCE AND RIOTS
we are the dark chapter
everything potus is doing is making this a very dark chapter. we have been taken over by rich know nothings.
you sided with the candidate that helped launch the torture program.#justicedems
