What is the matter with you? All you care is about California? There is more states and people surrounding you! You need to retire!
You think she is representing you? You gotta be kidding? This is something against our president! Democrats don't care abt us, just themsels
Good no support for illegal immigrants
It's your socialistic/anti-growth policies that are crushing CA
Please help the US territory Puerto Rico they need food power water and help they are suffering to badly they are a US territory
Which is it... 120 billion or 800 billion?   Stop lying.
Don't worry, your fellow Senator and Democrat in GOP clothing, @SenJohnMcCain will vote it down.
Time to reconsider Independence (I don't mean Missouri)? How would U.S. function without its economic engine (I do mean California)? [94117]
Perhaps California should form their own health insurance company?
absolutely,I&my great beauty @margbrennan concerned #GrahamCassidy & GOP healthcare,inappropriate,millions uncover,increase Debt,deficit..
Way better than that sham Obamacare
Senator please help improve ACA.
Perhaps it wouldn't if California's leaders decided it wouldn't treat taxpayer funds like a rapper at a strip club
Do you really expect anybody to respect your beliefs about California and its Financial Security? The Democrats have completely broke Ca
And Obama increased the deficit by ??
Want to know what is more crushing....federal govt involved in health-care and Having to bear socialist health care States and Obama care.
So instead the federal government should borrow it and hand it over to California?
Fight! Thank you.

A Single Payer system would halve our healthcare costs (currently $10K per person) while covering EVERYONE.  Every Dem should push for it.
So, not from the weight of the all the taxpayer funded services to illegal aliens?
Isn't that about what California's deficit now?
Good!
And likely that was the point...
You mean the kids that have been here their entire lives? Seems wrong to just throw to out to a strange country they have zero ties too no?
I'm telling healthcare can work but the GOV has to stop #BigPharma and allow for competition
Then it's not Affordable ,, it's heavily Subsidized!!
Were 16,000 IRS agents hired to enforce Obamacare?  At what cost?
California and 3 other states deserve 40% of the federal funding.  Right?
How much would single payer cost California?  Double its budget.
Govt is bloated and any cut is good. OWING China 1 Trillion $$ is very bad for OUR children. CA has 53 lawmakers & 2 senators. B responsible
Why support a president45 who outsourced his whole life. Traitor
Haha, that's pennies compared to what universal would have cost.
Funny that you complain about crushing costs.  How much is your family making off the stupid Train, that goes to nowehere?
Holy crab. Please do not use you fingers. You will soon be over a trillion or so
$800 billion over 20 years is estimated cost to taxpayers to support illegal aliens. There is only one right decision for American senator.
A liberal worried about spending in California? Hell has officially frozen over and monkey's have flown out of my butt.
You can donate some of ur 40 plus millions don't need that much money while being a mooch senator
Maybe you shouldn't give Illegals FREE healthcare then 
Percentage of Californians on Medicaid has more that doubled in under five years. Is poverty really up 100% in CA since 2013?
Well shouldnt there be a reduction in our contrib to the fed?  It,s a capitalist system and we won,t be getting anything back for our taxes.
My mom died of Alzheimer's and now my father has severe dementia...his assisted living would end..1 in 4 women will get Alzheimer's..VOTE NO
Maybe instead of wasting tax money on stupid rainbow colored crosswalks you use if for something important
stop spending for illegals and u can do HC for all your residents
all liberal talking points.   this is money gained not lost.
Good. California needs to go under
Y'all could save 64 billion or more by scrapping the high speed rail that only benefits two cities.
@509ShawnG Cross out the United and just call it the States of America.  South Carolina fired in Fort Sumter again
@janbhess But will assure continued funding of GOP campaigns by Koch brothers because they will get their tax cut. Really sad!
@SenKamalaHarris And what would CA state run healthcare cost Californians? $800 BILLION every year. You and #krazyKamala are not in touch.
