And the U.S. has accumulated $20 Trillion dollars in debt. Thank you Sen. Feinstein.
I wish we still had that healthy families insurance for the youth, it was affordable, and coverage till early 20's.
thank you
A great milestone; sadly today no women were at the table while men discussed cutting women's healthcare funding. Shameful.
no to socialized govt health care
yes they do, at my cost of 60 hours a week and more of my income. While they get insurance, hard working people suffer
This disabled senior cannot afford long distance to call. #SAVEMYMEDICAID
@Fairy_Gmother. US the only country w/o Healthcare for all. Now the only country trying to take it away from 24M.
because they have to stupid remember the law
#SaveACA #StopTrumpcare #StopRyan #StopTrump
Yes and their deductible and co-pays are so big they can never use their insurance policy. #FixItNow or #Repeal it. I had one.
#ACA Middle class, tax paying, citizens can't go to the doctor of their choice or any doctor because deductibles are too high.
but what you are not telling people is that in two years it will fall and no one will have any care you fool!
And that is the way it should stay.  It is your guys job to figure out how even if it is regulating the industry!
If it's so great why make it mandatory? And why aren't you on it? Hypocritical windbag. @SenFeinstein
And millions of middle class working Americans have been driven into major debt or bankruptcy bc of premium hikes! Retire!
@mikosc4 that they can't use because their deductibles are astronomical.
-  can you save the masses now?
Millions more lost health care, premiums doubled or tripled, quality has gone down, insurance companies have left the market..
it's my birthday tomorrow and all I want is for you to vote no on the American Health Care plan...healthcare is a right
where your parents brother and sister?
Save the children and encarcerate those in #pedogate #pizzagate
I'm paying $1200+/mo with a $13,000 deductible and a limited network. Tell me about your plan, Senator.
yeah. For free and I'm paying for it fool.
BULLSHIRT! Stop lying! It WILL BE REPEALED!
With $2000 premiums and $15,000 deductibles they don't have insurance either.
Since then, millions have been forced to buy insurance or been forced to pay a penalty for not being able to afford insurance.
#thanks4the10kdeductibleits-sonotaffordable
What about my small biz with great ins deemed non compliant so I can now pay $1700 month for $10K deductible! #aca is garbage
thank you for fighting for all of us
I really don't! It's a catastrophic plan that costs me 1/3 of my retirement! Your plan is as terrible as u
worst 7 years ever.  Let it end already!!!
Thank you for referring to it as ACA. Let's rebrand this to stop referring to former president and depoliticize health care
..let's not forget Dianne, 27% of Americans can't afford to pay deductibles, so paying for it is useless.
Next election we need to put the Democrats back in charge of Congress. They got great things done for the people
And millions more lost their insurance or have worthless, expensive insurance. More people on Medicaid than insurance.
and many more were saved from bankruptcy with affordable premiums and insurance they could actually use.
9.5 which is 14.5 million short of proj#.  Feinstein doesn't have a problem being a liar.  She is dangerous to your freedom.
And my costs have doubled while you insure illegals.
YET Congress wanted NO part of it, they wanted separate Health Care?? Immediately begged the ? of Flaws, Cost & screwed People
AND PEOPLE LOST THEIR DOCTORS AND THEIR COSTS ROSE except for the nonworking faction
If only 20M have #ACA coverage how can you say 24M will lose their coverage?  Caught in the lie again DiFi. How can we trust you?
why no mention of the MILLIONS forced off health care plans they chose + skyrocketing premiums. #ACA #failure of #liberalism
Thanks, Obama
Since your credibility went down the toilet long ago I guess you've nothing to lose by conflating insurance w/ "health care"
That statement is such a miscarriage of truth as to be considered a lie.
Your ACA has made insurance as useless as a Senator
Coercion works! Marx, Stalin, Lenin, Mao and Attila proved this long ago. Choice! Freedom! Free markets work best!
After ACA, I had a choice between being able to buy my epilepsy meds and feeding my kids. Gee. Thanks.
by making those of us who had insurance at $400/mo pay $1300/mo now...  yeah, that makes sense.  #affordableforwhom #redic
Gave my family real health care, not just emergency catastrophic care.
@realDonaldTrump wants to dismantle the ACA. @POTUS must know that society is judged by its treatment of its poor/downtrodden.
Here's an idea for all you democrats and republicans give US the American citizens that same Insurance you people have!
Maybe so but I pay more! So you know what you can do with your ACA!
Several family members & friends have Obamacare & love it. Never a problem finding a doctor even though some live rural.
you mean they were forced to buy an expensive new product under pain of gov't penalties - or was it a tax?
PROVE you are NOT a republican in dems clothing, you praised his BAR status today WTF - VOTE NO on #GorsuchHearing #SF #CA
obama care is a disaster.  please sign President Trump's Health Care Bill and do your job to represent the American People.
stop defending ACA it's a dumb plan that doesn't work, Republican plan is worse, stop defending Obamacare #singlepayer
yeah Dianne and guess who is paying for it. Us the middleclass working stiffs. Bad deal for us.
right but it has cost plenty as it will explode and no one will have hlth Ins.
.... don't forget those who have lost options and are paying triple the premiums thanks to obamacare!
No, they have crap insurance. Forced on them by an out of control federal govt, with the threat of jail if they don't buy it.
Don't #SaveACA, FYI: 120 Mil previously insured American now have to pay their insurance PLUS yours. Access has never stopped.
.@SenFeinstein 
Your football spike would be humorous if not so sad.
17 of 23 Obamacare co-ops failed. If the 6 remaining co-ops fail, another 240,000 people will be left uninsured. http://bit.ly/2cyeBSx  
you  are  a classic example of craziness at its finest #pleasenastywomenretire #TermLimits
Just say No. No give backs no@surrender. Keep those gop reps in the No column. His promises willNot be kept just like thisbill
so 4 million who had health care before ACA will lose it thanks to AHCA?
  seriously..
I have an insurance card but the $14.000 deductible makes healthcare unaffordable to my family
Obamacare took away affordable from to give ins. To others.
How many have gone bankrupt paying the exorbitant premiums?  Or had their quality of life significantly diminished?
And 30 million prev. Insured are now uninsured or can't afford their deductibles which is same as uninsured.
I could get insurance as independent contractor for first time in my life and start my own biz. isn't that conservative value?
If it's so great, then why does it make people pay a fine for not having it.
- because 90% had to cover them. More redistribution tactics
yes-at great, break the bank cost of all people who pay for their healthcare.  Tell me Senator, what AFCA plan do you have?
how many millions lost their already owned Healthcare, maam?
but it was done poorly.  Needs to be redone
and many of the 20 mil get insured by Medicaid or get subsidized by taxpayers. Many have hi deductibles and can't get care!
Health Ins does not equal health care. People cant afford the deductibles so they avoid treatment n may die.  Dem lies n lies
FACTS are what Matter; Thank You! Sen.Dianne Feinstein of CALIFORNIA
1) they were forced to buy it 2) they have health insurance, not health care
Excellent point!
amazing what the IRS can make serfs do
"Conservatives make other people suffer for THEIR beliefs." #GOPkillsAmerica #DeathByThousandCuts
redneck Trumpsters will die first ... natural selection at its best
Stalin forced people to do things they didn't want to do too.
Do feel like you were forced? I guess you should consider it lucky if you didn't end up needing it. Congratulations

stop these vindictive members of Congress from destroying this nation. GOP stands for Greed Over People. They've proven this.
Democrats must have control of everything = Communist
How many can't afford Obama care?  500 plus at my closed plant
The Lord giveth and the GOP taketh away...but "Jesus loves you" they say.
My premium tripled.  Repeal and replace
How many companies have closed or have not started because the premium was to high
TRUMP TURN ON HIS OWN PEOPLE WITH THIS AACA SO CALL HEALTH PLAN #GARBAGE
millions are still uninsured. We need #MedicareForAll #HealthcareIsAHumanRight
We need the R's to stop blocking making improvements to lower costs. Still angry I guess
healthcare i cant afford and covers nothing is useless give me back my old insurance ACA is a disaster
And many Americans have been able 2 make changes 2 help their families like working PT to care 4 kids & still having insurance
all about to change for the worse. Thank all the trump voters....
And costs have stayed completely reasonable....right?
pffft
Couldn't be happier that the charlatan is gone!
