Well, we all know, along with every senator, that Ted Cruz is a moron.
Before the ACA, that's exactly what the insurance companies were doing. People paid hard earned money to only be sold junk policies.
I almost was bankrupted by @McDonalds junk insurance policy pre-ACA last year of college!
Nobody in America should have to live like that. We pay for everything this country has & we can pay for "Medicare for All".
I remember having to go to a food pantry in btw jobs bc btw my rent & Cobra I didn't have money for food.
Sad but under this administration you wouldn't get help. Trumpets don't know or care
Yes it was under Bush Jr, a kinder Republican
I agree and I didn't even vote for him
If Trump was trying I wouldn't be so upset bc we can only do the best that we can do.
But45 isn't even trying to care
That's pisses me off
Yes, and the good plans would cost mire b/c the pool would be reduced, less spreading of the risk.
People voted this guy in office don't complain - he needs to be voted out or let's fire  him now. Republicans are  sad.
Lying Ted is a very evil man, that's his goal!
There's a special place in hell for @SenTedCruz
Repeal
Supply and demand rules don't apply to drugs...demand just keeps going up...
CAN it get worse?
Totally agree!
Why aren't you and every other DEM calling it WealthCare AND only reason these fake reps want to pass it is for tax cuts 4 the Koch traitors
Retweet this daily
Certainly will, Cruz is a liberal in a Republican skin.  The worst kind of liberal there is. Obama care needs to be fully repealed.
Yes. It will create two risk pools and destabilize the ACA complaint pool and make things worse!
I would challenge ANYONE to name one thing that @tedcruz has improved by adding his 2 cents.
So proud that you represent us!
You can pick up the financial slack when all the Makers leave the #tax hell hole and commie nanny state that California has become.
CRUZCARE selling insurance that doesn't insure you! Oh yes that should work for all the little people.
Do you even know what his amendment says?
I listen to Bloomberg Business all day in and out of car This morning they discussed Cruz move to provide lesser plans and push non complian
Did "Bloomberg" happen to discuss that all he's wanting to do is provide additional choices for people who don't want the ocare plans?
Yes in theory that sounds great the problem is that these plans are limited. My problem quite frankly is they would do better look at how
Save $ thru cutting distribution middlemen. Get hold on big pharma charging thru ceiling and look at insur like Kaiser Permanent which have
Profits they the roof.   So I DONT WANT a bill that is going to hurt more people and you and I still pay ridiculous premiums.
I still BELIEVE bipartisanship could make a better piece of legislation and take GOP off hot seat without hurting people w pre exist and dis
And what are bringing to the table other than attitude. Help fix the problem and quit contributing to it!
Anything involving Ted Cruz should automatically raise GIANT RED FLAGS.
@wjcoop Wrong!! Would allow companies to sell insurance that conforms to ppl needs. NOT MANDATED COVERAGE that ppl don't need. Reduces costs
Just like the junk home loans not that long ago. Another way to take advantage of US citizens. Don't you think we've paid enough?
They WILL sell junk that covers nothing. It will be great only til the buyer or a family member gets sick - then they're ruined or dead
Junk plan by a junk politician. You can't say it but I can.
He is a 
I agree just repeal aca
Why are you supporting Trumps nominee for FBI director?
Jeff Flake says he thinks this makes it "better."

#ModeratesAlwaysCave
@SenFeinstein @hodgman
Ted Cruz's amendment would allow insurance companies to sell junk plans. Make no mistake—this would make the bill even worse!
Flake a moderate? Ha!
Ted Cruz is an evil man who pretends to be a Christian all in the name of Dominionism
@tedcruz Ted, Your "Plan" could be a disaster for younger citizen, elder citizens and everyone in between. Don't run 4 Senator
@Mompreneur_of_3 I don't think abortion should be primary form of birth control, just uneasy hypothetical. Opt out maternity?
@Mompreneur_of_3 Allowing people to opt out of features like Pregnancy coverage? What if wife was raped-unable to get abortion
Think mortgage crisis with health insurance

Putin ally tells Americans: vote Trump or face nuclear war http://reut.rs/2dWMBWs 
Trusting Ted Cruz 2 come up w/a HC plan for America has bad an idea as partnering w/Russia on CyberSecurity
Democrats want more Islamic Sharia Death cultists in our country
They treat women like animals as shown below
#maga
@ManMet80 Damn it, Ted Cruz! Why are you still here? Somewhere there is a cave short one bat.
Wondering if Cruz et al., are insurance salesmen?
@FlJude I wouldnt trust anything Cruz would put out there?Or the GOP as far as that goes???
The insurance industry is coming out against it saying it will destabilize the markets and cause premiums to skyrocket.
Fight back, why buy an insurance that doesn't cover you when you need it.
And raise premiums for individuals with preexisting conditions sky high. 

No to @tedcruz!

@SenateGOP #KeepAndImproveObamacare
And NOT Lower COSTS....Sick still get sick, and the Insurance companies and pharma and equipment manufacturers still profit off subsidies.
Would this be like #TheBigShort with the credit default swaps?
Y would we legalize stealing & fraud ...is this how we treat our citizens?   Cruz go buy your own junk plan...I know you won't bc u have ACA
Cruz is a grifter. I feel sorry for his constituents.
Yes, we all know, anything to do with @tedcruz makes anything worse. Everything he touches turns to shit because he is shit!
But then he gets paid both by us poor voters, and those rich lobbygobs...
Pay a lot for nothing. Good for insurance company's bad for comsumers.
These would be health insurance in name only, this would be even worse than previous bad health insurance policies.
Old Cruz is proving himself true Texan not American certainty not a Canadian -Why doesn't he put his family in that crap
Horrible news willing to destroy families for the wealthy
I've done the math over and over; on an individual plan now I would pay a combination of $12,000 per year including the deductible. ( 6+6)
Then 80/20 or even 50/50 depending. Much better than pre-AC, but -- sill minimum for me = $6000 if nothing goes wrong.
The Dems need to filibuster or shut down vote by 2 hour rule.No legislation should pass until we have an honest administration. Dems unite
But he worked all day on it!  It takes time to write legislation that protects thieves.  Usually the GOP just looks the other way!
One of those JUNK PLANS is a Start up which is called OSCAR that KUSHNER helped start! Come on dig a little and trash this plan!
We all need to be aware of this. Please send/tell everyone you know about this. All of us & family need to know & share this with others!
Why am I not surprise.
When Grandpa Munster suggests ANYTHING 
"good for Americans!" SCREAM H, HLL, NOOO! RUN FAST 
AWAY!
Smells of another sub prime mortage scandal
#SinglePayer @ birth  with FULL access in all 50 to #Cannabis we know #Cannabinoids are safe and regulate cells to sustain life. We are done
@RageMichelle say no to insurance. #SinglePayer for all. Like so:
Don't let it pass!
P.S. The new FBI candidate works for Putin
Everything Ted Cruz does or tries to do or wants to do or dreams of doing is done or imagined or planned or designed to make things worse.
Aetna has BIG bucks that @SenateMajLdr gladly takes. http://www.deathandtaxesmag.com/335456/insurance-pharmaceutical-lobbyists-gave-13-senators-2776012-to-repeal-obamacare/ …
Just no to this heartless bill.
Sell junk plans to desperate people ... the most heartless and effective con game

Of course Cruz would make things worse. He is for the rich only. Congress should have same insurance that we have!!
Any American with 2 cents worth of common sense knows better than to trust anything Cruz proposes.
GOP, the lowest of the low protecting the worst of the worst in business & industry. That's how they roll.
Can someone link the text?
So fight it, fight it, fight it!!!'
These GOP Senators are just evil, twisted f$&%ers....
this from the laziest Senator ever? @tedcruz
Who are these guys working for .... insurance companies? Waiting for answer @tedcruz
There are crap people in the world
The junk plans were one of the reasons for ACA. Also, a reason why some people were upset, not understanding little cost = little coverage.
Which most likely means that the rest of the GOP Senators will all be in favor.
And no one would be forced to buy them.  Democrats against choice strikes again!  cc: @MonteJCook
When are nice people going to be republicans
That's what we use to have & the insurance companies got richer.  So how much do you think they paid Cruz to sponsor this bill?
The #GOP is in a difficult position. 
They pass the bill: Their base gets hurt.  
They don't: Their base gets mad.
And ins co/CEO richer
Isn't that what was available before ACA and why people ended up in emergency rooms? Plans didn't cover anything!
I call them scam plans.  Bc I suppose 1 can argue ppl have the right to by junk if they want, but getting scammed is another thing.
Ted Cruz is virtually the definition of something worse.
Of course it would, Ted Cruz likes it.
Uncertainty 4 Ins Cos, GOP sabotage of expansions, indemnity, etc, made 4 GOP strategy 2 "repeal", at the expense of Americans.
Junk health care that gets you out of paying @GOP Penalty, paid to insurance company & that covers nothing. Junk insurance predators dream
@tedcruz makes everything worse - even Texas
Honestly, when has Ted Cruz ever made *anything* better?
Ins Scam, I've had State Farm Ins over 40 YRS, rates keep rising, they say legal to use my 27yr old child credit rpt, has her own car & Ins.
What are you and our fellow forward thinking leaders going to do about it? What can we do to help? Nobody listens to "we the people"!
Per my phone call w/ @SenMajLdr office in DC, this amendment does not exist. Wonder what other lies they tell constituents?? #SaveACA
ACA plan for me and hubby-both in our 60s-costs us $33,000 per year.  VERY UNaffordable.  Obamacare is not working!
OMG. Make it good for all. We are not all millionaires like career politicians
Ted Cruz should be mandated to be the first purchaser of his junk plan, for shitty insurance for his family.
#Beto
ONLY in UR Madam....
Classic Ted Cruz, always making things Even Worse
We wouldn't know since there's been ZERO hearings... @SenDeanHeller @SenCortezMasto No transparency, no vote!!!!
Thank you. Plz withold consent until the @GOP allows public hearings on this monstrosity. #NoBCRA #NoAgeTax #ProtectOurCare #Medicaid
I had 1 of those junk plans before I got insured through Covered CA. The absolute worst. Don't let this pass. I have horror stories.
Are those sort of like the old junk bonds?
Ted Cruz's "plan" is JUNK!
All you had to say was "Ted Cruz" and I understood the bill would be worse.
Ted Cruz is as phony as a 3$ Bill ! He'd purpose or say anything to remain viable !
As opposed to the junk that is Obamacare?! Yeah...I think I'll take just about anything else!
The CBO will score it. The score will be bad and republicans will still try to pass it. Even though hospitals and patients lose.
That's a great big give away to the grifting health insurance companies
Any plan with unreasonable deductibles is junk! My daughter's AFA plan is $7,500. So a December problem, that goes into January, =$15,000!
Well, Lyin' Ted didn't get $3.2 million from the healthcare industry in 2016 for nothing! He's got their backs.
Ted Cruz is planning on giving the masses "fake health insurance" at a good cost. GOP would protect NEW health insurance racketeers!
@tedcruz is a crook.  @GOPChairwoman #FredoTrump #PenceKnew #DonaldTrumpJr #dossier #RussianHookers #LockHimUp @TheDemocrats #EddieMunster

Cruz = Senator Wormtongue
Many folks don't understand what junk plans are...they don't cover anything people. Minimum coverage is part of what the #ACA gave us.
For example, I had to have my appendix out it only covered the doctor's portion of the surgery. Not the anesthetic&not the room
Almost $5,000. Pre-ACA.
Your party forced the SCAM of Obamacare on working Americans for votes. Now you're complaining when working man can't afford insurance.
What would you expect from Ted Cruz
We had junk plans before ACA. That is one reason ACA set minimum requirements for health insurance. does GOP have amnesia or just don't care
I got stuck with a JUNK PLAN before ACA.  Too much "selective amnesia" from GOP and Friends!
How's that. Have insurance by deductible so high still can't see doctor
Anything Ted touches makes it worse....speaking of liars
#ACA addressed that issue.  The deceit is disgusting.
That's why we need single payer. The best defense is a good offense.

This is a huge gift to the insurance companies. Time to put them out of business.
@Tommy8668 AMAZING hiw intelligent Ted Cruz is "supposed" 2 b & is still ABSOLUTELY IGNORANT. .must b a Republican theme
Only despicable Cruz could come up with that
Too bad we don't have representatives in Texas who actually care about their constituents. I hope we can vote Cruz out!
Lyin Ted.... and I thought he was out on recess serial killin
From @tedcruz state TX, scam "ASSOCIATION" health ins co's sold 'certificates' here in #FL then renege coverage. ppl died. #TrumpCare
Maybe while they are sitting in their jail cells they can devise (sorry) a healthcare plan. Lots of time, no pressure, theyll look alike too
and pathetically, @JeffFlake supports Cruz's plan, which will hurt Arizonians. Cruz has no desire to help Americans
If the minimum loss ratios in ACA were in effect, the carriers wouldn't offer junk plans. Especially so if paying commissions.
Thank you Senator Feinstein. Buyer beware. @Michael36776349
@tedCruz is a putz.
It's the Bernie Madoff gig for #GOP insurance.  Nobody ever gets their illness covered but everyone pays. Elegant thievery.
Correct #HealthCare - Make it not-for-profit - The problem is #GREED - #InsuranceCompanies keep raising rates based on GREED, not health
Ted Cruz represents only special interest groups. Texas should be embarrassed.
Lyin' Ted Cruz.  Trump threw him under bus but now he is president's lap dog.  Cruz is fully bought and paid for.
GOP does not care whether Americans have health care or not, plain and simple. Dems, write a bill that has cost controls + go to the people.
Remember the movie "The Rainmaker?"
Maybe it's just time to let the Republicans do their dirty work. Citizens will know it when they're sick, dying, bankrupt.
More proof that he doesn't care about the real people
Not Junk plans.  Plans that people want.
I believe a lot of time is being wasted on this simple answer medicare for all
I am still having trouble understanding how he was elected at all much less have an actual bill
Our leaders should work for interest of the people.
He is sort of right. Coverage that covers nothing would technically be cheaper. #deathbyathousandcutstocoverage
@Ez4u2say_Janis @SenFeinstein @robreiner After all Trumpo did to Cruz, "political whore" is an insult to political whores
Bankruptcies
Ted Cruz can NOT be trusted
USA citizens have enough since to decide which plan to buy. We do not need or want Govt. to decide our Health Care.MAGA
How great was your health care before? This is why they are having a hella hard time replacing Obamacare. More ppl like OC than Trumpcare.
Tax cuts for the most wealthy, gutting Medicaid. I have two disabled children, and we have prob. Enuf with Medicaid. Cutting $ kills us.
I will pray for you and your kids. That's hard iam sure. More of a reason to choose your on health care instead of the govt.
"junk plans"? America is about choices!! You ..are not ..
Make no mistake, @tedcruz makes everything even worse!
Free markets! U can cancel &but new isurance plan but ya cant fight government if you disagree. #defund&repeal
What happened to the @GOP, feel morally challenge! Seems like they fear their white DNA is being diluted & destroyed like #Neanderthals?
Thank you for keeping focus on this. Russiagate will pass, as Watergate did. My chronic illness will not. #NoTrumpCare
They are going to continue trying to give us junk. They had a fight with President Obama and we are going to pay for it. They need to stop!
Thank you Senator Feinstein. I can't tell you how greatful I am for your hard work.
No one should ever listen to Ted Cruz. Last time I did, my ears bled!
Please don't let it pass.
"People are way too stupid to buy their own insurance and can not be trusted. Give us more power."

- Democrats
What if..we ditched insurance and just paid for treament?
Ted Cruz made something worse?! Shocking!!
Yes, Cruz amendment would make the decent plans more expensive & cause "failure" of those plans.
Sub prime health insurance...omg.
Hi, Etsu!
Anything crooked @tedcruz  would try to put forth is  guaranteed to not be good.  He is a liar and is complicent with #RussiaGate
We need to make phone calls!!!
Please do continue to note TCruz's & others' junk amendments used to appease their AHIP donors & hurt insureds. He's a public health hazard.
Oh hey look.  Mr. I love arbitrary death sentences is on the evil side of an issue...shocking.
Thank you for working so hard to stop it.  They are so slick, it has to be hard to stay on top .
Her Majesty @SenFeinstein not true! 
health care's too unique: what may be junk to you, could be just right for me.
Since when has Fascist GOPig @tedcruz ever done anything good for anyone other then Only himself. Even his family hates him.
That's fairly obvious... 
Hope that GOPigkeeps his slimy, sicko GOPig hands off his daughter.
Understatement - if Congress lets this plan pass, the health of our nation will be crippled.  Make no mistakes...this will be COSTLY to ALL
Keep speaking the truth, Senator.
They must be stopped  Amercians will not tolerate much more of this death panel deathcare. We pay for house insurance  we will stop paying.
Medicare for all US citizens cradle to grave. Let's eliminate the Insurance Company Welfare State, entirely!!!
People have to buy whatever plan they can afford.
We have enough junk for sale already. We need universal healthcare for all Americans, now!
Keep on fighting for us !
NO #TrumpCare #TaxCuts4Rich 4 .@SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan who refused 2 ACT when presented w #TrumpRussia conspiracy at election. TREASONOUS
I can buy any plan I want if I am free. The junk plan is Obozocare
Yes, vote No!
Make Senator Cruz have that policy for he and his family
