The situation on the Korean peninsula is already volatile enough. President Trump is not helping the situation with his bombastic comments.
Trump will blow up America before he'll be disgraced by a Grand Jury. MENTAL MEDICAL CHALLENGE NOW
I fear that you are correct.
Everybody knew this at the beginning. But no...And they said we were crazy!!
We just need  someone to step up and declare him "incapable of duty"
Clinton, Bush Obama sat on their hands. Now we have a Strong Leader and that scares The Establishment and the Obama Die Hards.Get use to it!

North  Korea promises nuclear strike on US if regime is threatened. Kim Jong Un's mental state# Uncontrollable.
Secretary Tillerson is still in Asia. He should be discussing the possibility of reopening North Korean talks with our regional partners.
Tillerson has no experience to handle a crisis! We need someone sane and competent to reopen North Korean peace talks.
Tillerson has been handling crisis situations most of his business life..where have you been? The world has talked to NK..THEY DON'T LISTEN
Business is a lot different than being secretary of state! Bullying and threatening North Korea is not going to work either!
Talking and sanctions has not worked..period..This guy understands one thing..Power, and We have it. Going to bed and looking away isn't it.
So killing millions of South Koreans, Japanese, and Americans will fix the problem? If we have a country left, Trump will close the borders!
So you can ant to converse with NK for another decade? Perhaps, pay his blackmail money? I have confidence in our military to take him out
And the million who die in 3 countries are just casualties of war and all those deaths are okay with you?
The enemy has chosen to ignore diplomacy. Your constituents are in harms way Senator!

And, diplomacy has worked, over all these decades??? NOT!!!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6TcbU5jAavw …

What you Democrats did was put our entire nation in nuclear danger.  Now you want to try and take the high ground?
These comments did age so well!here’s to trump getting NK to stop missile testing and a meeting in DC in May to remove Nukes!
Are you going to drink tea with them?
What should he do. Give them money like Obama
One cannot reason with an insane person!
I thought Bill Clinton halted North Korea's pursuit of nuclear weapons - he sent them $4 billion

You're saying he failed miserably?
Nice try DiFi. They haven't BEEN isolated. And BTW-isolation IS force.
I'm scared, more scared for my son & the thought of 45 having the nuke codes too. 45 doesn't know what Diplomacy is, he's for dictatorship.
Yea, that has work fabulously hasn't it!!!  You are so out of touch!!
Diplomacy has prevented the Korean conflict from becoming a massive war for the past 60 years.
Do not attempt to defend or excuse Trump and Tillerson failing to do the jobs of POTUS and Secretary of State.
Yep they talked and talked and talked and all the while NK worked and succeeded on becoming nuclear. Trump has to clean up the failed mess
_Trump is making the mess worse._

Again: Do not attempt to defend or excuse Trump failing to do the job of POTUS.
Examples of how Trump is failing to do the job of POTUS:

He dismissed the US ambassadors to South Korea, Japan, and China in January.
New US ambassadors to Japan & China were only appointed in July.

There is currently no US ambassador to South Korea.
Trump appointed Tillerson as Secretary of State.  Tillerson hasn't been doing that job either.
What part of madman don't you understand senator? Your statement is outrageous.
But surely N. Korea is getting help from someone -either an advanced state or it's own ppl who study in US or UK as S. Koreans: Research!
Diplomacy has not worked in 30 yrs or haven't  U noticed.
Sen I thank that  crazie Guy will not give us a choice,We Will half to Fight.
And yet north continues their test ICBM. Time to say enough is enough  and stand against the north
So what are the Dems sujestions on North Korea?  More hide your heads and hope Kim goes away?  It is never more important to stand  as one
Like bill and Obama
Yes, may our Pres. see the * Need for Diplomatic Action..& not act hastily. We Do * Not Need WWIII starting. @realDonaldTrump @MikePenceVP !
Having seen wars up close, I don't long for it, but there are times when people need a throat punch.
Please expand on what your bullet points would be.
Neither Kim nor Trump have a grasp on the catastrophic consequences of their words or actions.    Moronic war games.
Thanks to the Clinton's and their dealings with N Korea. #democratdiplomacysucks!!
Thank you!
Diplomacy has NOT worked and neither have sanctions. Be like Trump and grow a pair.
There is no diplomacy with a lunatic dictatorship of north Korea.
How do you negotiate with a mad man like Kim. Be real, it has never happened yet and we have tried. Feinstein you need a brain. Get lost.
Radio Free Korea ....we need to let the people of NK know we don't hate them. They are isolated by their leader. Radios and food drops.
Your living in a fantasy as usual.
Technically not the only path. See Exhibit A, President Looney Tunes
A great start would hiring some diplomats. Maybe start with an Ambassador to South Korea.
NEITHER DOES TALK
@Robin69262653 It has not had time to work dt
should shut up and let his
Generals take care of this!
Keep him off of Twitter!
Can't Jared help them make peace? He's the expert, right? Oh that's right. He's not. WHY does he still have security clearance?
yeah we gave them billions to buy them
how's it gone last 8 years???
That's worked great over the last decade. "Strategic patience" keep hiding your head in the sand. It'll go away...
That's easy for you to say sitting up in your Ivory Tower
Diplomacy with the North Koreans has not halted their pursuit of nuclear weapons. Isolating them is the only path forward.
Diplomacy has failed,
.  Time to get tough
As POTUS, he has not tried to talk to N Korea.
He claims to be a great negotiator, so negotiate!!
It doesn't help that they avoided each other!
Thumbs up
Bill Clinton created the North Korean nuclear problem & his good buddy Obama created the Iranian nuclear problem
Yeah, that really worked well under Clinton.  Dianne the Dinosaur seems to be validating Einstein's definition of insanity.
Hey @SenFeinstein negotiating with a one track minded individual w/tunnel vision is crazy. Kim Jung Un is also one track minded
The only path forward starts with removing Trump from office or limiting his power with legislation on nuclear options and military strikes.
So the dude who fed his uncle to starving dogs is totally rationale...yeah....okanother example
of why Trump won- senators who are so stinking clueless!!
when north korea nukes LA and 12 million liberals and illegal aliens are vaporized, i will demand Trump to tell NoKo to cut it out
Sign a peace treaty & stop the war "games" & the "problem" disappears. Also adopting a no-first-strike policy would be nice!
Oh ya, Clinton and OBAMA screwed US with all their diplomacy. This wouldn't be happening if it weren't for those liars.
That maniac wants bombs! Congress should call emergency session and shut trump down. 25th Amendment! He's a danger to the world.
If the diplomacy work, N Korea would never reach the current step. N Korea knows it will have more options if it owns N bombs.
Which carrots or sticks actually matter in this case? Seems like almost no carrots and very few sticks, to me.
This is why you need skilled diplomats who understand what's at stake and know how to use what few carrots and sticks are available.
I'm certainly not disputing that.
I think your president burned that bridge... didn't he?
Diplomacy with DPRK, are you serious?
Diplomacy? That can has been kicked down the road by about 4 presidents already. Maybe adding some milk & cookies this time might help?
Senator Feinstein, Your time as a U.S. Senator has run out!  Please do our country a favor and retire now!
I have an idea, why don't you fly over to North Korea and talk to them?
Commonsense is in short supply, Feinstein is demonstrating the leadership needed.
You must be a nincompoop if you believe that!
Hers is a voice of logic. Donald Trumps chest thumping ignorance will do nothing but endanger lives. I hope he is removed soon. We need sane
Cower in the corner like Obama? Never! Take the little evil monster out and get it over with! Talking is not going to work duh!!!
Are u crazy?What about diplomacy makes u think that  this would work?He wants 2 attack Guam.If DT calls & says pretty please, maybe he wont?
I agree, however, how R U going to keep POTUS from declaring war.
AND baby Bill said it was a good deal, I did not have sex with that woman
FAKE news
Because it work so well with Clinton and Obama! You are a fool!
Flip Side Theory :
KJU makes good on his promise, levels Seoul and Guam.
DT nukes Pyongyang.
Putin nukes DC and claims USA as his
KJU cheers
You cannot reason with the insane. Only violence and suffering will teach them.
Senator, it is time to retire
Once silos start opening all over the world to late.
Yeah you've been saying that for 20 years and where has that got us. . Ur all talk all the time
@wjcoop Yeah....like that has worked over the last 50 years. As always, your dillusional! 
Just make they might get a clue before we let them nuke America if not we need to rid the world of places seeking nuklear weapons
#IPleadthe25th
It worked for Bill and Madeline many years ago. But really, Trump is no Bill Clinton, sadly.
Diplomacy sure worked for Obama! Oh wait....
If that's true, and I believe it is, get that orange moron out of MY White House.  He can't even speak English let alone be diplomatic.
Diplomacy is what aloud NK to get nukes and missiles
That's right. Let's talk to them. Worked with Iran, right?  
IF the Korean fat kid is building killer bombs I really don't see any future in negotiations with him
If Barack Obama wasn't such a pussy for 8 years maybe we wouldn't have this problem right now. God bless Donald J. Trump! Leader!!
Intelligent diplomacy is absent from Trump world.
Trump doesn't seem to know the word!
Diplomacy, Democrat style, is why North Korea has nuclear weapons in the first place & why we're where we are in the second. So get lost.
Oh yes!!!!! It's worked really well so far! We Are dealing with a MADMAN!
No president, Republican or Democrat has been able to stop n. Korea's nuclear ambitions for more then 30 years
Obama and Democrats did what exactly in 8 years to stop the child tyrant in NK?
Diplomacy and blood money paid to n. Korea has not worked for even more years.
Diplomacy in the Trump Age is dead
Trump doesn't believe in diplomacy and the state dept. has many major positions without even nominations.
You would be a great Secretary of State, @SenFeinstein
Yep you would steal more money than the clintons and sell Kim kid more bombs
Where is the Congressional pressure on Tillerson and/or Donald? They are playing chicken with the lives of 1000's, hundreds of 1000's, more?
And where are the diplomats - no one to pick up the phone
because it was not effective from Obama and his predecessor s.  that fat little bastard needs to shut his mouth.
Ya , give them more money.Worked for Bill Clinton . Surely it will work again , right ?
Trump has to go now. Right Effin now.
Tell that to Trump!!!!!
well, why don't you and a bunch of your fellow #democracy go over there and talk to him?
Good Luck !! Kim plans to NUKE your home state of CA.  Kim said, " No talk"  !!! #GoTrump
How does one negotiate with someone who does not have the word in their vocabulary? I'm thinking surgical removal is needed.
Why wasn't NK dealt with during Obama years?  Oops, forgot this can was kicked down the road. Now it's a lot worse. SK will be affected, too
Obama did nothing to stop north Korea 4 8 years. President Trump is cleaning up a mess Obama left behind. I'm proud of President Trump
Obama was a Wuss. North Korea made all these nuclear gains under obama's watch. Obama failed. He did nothing to stop their nuclear progress.
Why can't we send @dennisrodman back to NK? The prez over there liked him.
GO TRUMP! #MAGA
actually bombing the missile silods would be a better soultion.
eh? Do you actually believe Rex could pull this off? 
Unfortunately they don't appear interested in talking.
Talks are needed. Even talks without conditions.  Trump is insane.
At least we should try.
Y don't you get off your butt & do something if u think this is so easily fixed, but all you do is criticize those working hard to fix this
How's the diplomacy of Clinton, Bush & Obama worked so far Senator?
I think Pres Obama had better scoot over this nutcase n take the darn wheel before we the USA are gone! Call Our Pres! Obama!!
Diplomacy is how we got where we are now. Time to eliminate the threat, talk after we're finished, Dimms just shut up and watch.
Oh Yea, thank your buddies Bill & Hillary!
Thank you @SenFeinstein for speaking out as a voice of reason. #25thAmendmentNow
$45 is the biggest danger to our World! Please call an Emergency Session of Congress now to control the insanity. Im NOW!!!!
.@SenFeinstein FACTBOX: History of Failed Nuclear Agreeements with North Korea (from 2012)
.@SenFeinstein With all due respect, the 90s called and want their stupid ideas back.
to late for it
I feel safer with @potus Trump protecting me & my family than my own Senator from CA. @justjudee
lest bend over and let them kill us while we wait to see what they do...
Yes! Plz stop trump from this scary path! 
Get him out of there. Trump is a lunatic. I'm very serious.
Diplomacy has failed...need to engage SK and japan
You are out of your mind Dianeif you think diplomacy works on a crazy man like UnI'm so glad you are not our president
Amen to that!
How the hell do you think we got to where we are Dianne?
How'd that work with Barry Obama?
Trump is in total control and ready to take appropriate action unlike Obumass who gave $1.5Billion to our second worst enemy Iran #Libtards
Tell us what you would do... didn't work for Bill and now Obama made the same mistake with Iran! Diplomacy won't work
Why don't you lead a coalition of your fellow Democrat Senators over there and negotiate a peace deal? Hell, the White House would be yours!
Dems dont have the power to negotiate their way out of a wet paperbag.  All talk-no action, hell they dont evn have a plan nor undstd y lost
Ya think? 
BECAUSE OF HIS ACTIONS THEN PROVES THE LEADER IS NOT A PSYCHOPATH! HE WANTS SOMETHING,!
Administrations have been waiting decades for the North Korean regime to collapse, it has not, we must deal with them as they are
SENATOR THEY HAD CAPASITY TO ATTACK JAPAN OR SOUTH KOREA !THEY DID NOT ATTACK !HE WANTS SOMETHING !HE WOULD BE FOOLISH TO ATTACK!
Go talk to them then if you have the solution.  Of course, if you are taken hostage, do not call @POTUS for help
THIS LEADER OF NORTH KOREA I KNOW HIS GOAL HE WANTS SOMETHING !5 YEARS AGO HE STOPPED HIS UNCLE FROM ATTACKING JAPAN THEY THEN HAD CAPASITY
Always complaining never any solution. Tell me Dianne what will stop them. Please elaborate
You certainly have honed your "do nothing but criticize everything" skills. #earnyourpay #doyourjob
I don't totally disagree, but NK has never been truly isolated. ahem China and Russia ahem.
Trump doesn't have a proper State Dept. and watches Fox & Friends instead of reading his briefings.  Is there even an ambassador to
South Korea????
Worked so well before.
Liberals !!!! 
We tried that. It didn't work.
Yeah.  Thanks Bush.
That was Bill Clinton's administration. The "diplomacy" was Jimmy Carter's idea.  Thank those idiots.
Diplomacy?Nothing can be diplomatic w/ this nutty WH. Media said Kelly was in the room when DT was tweeting craziness 2 Blumenthal #GetReal
Do we have any employees at the State Dept? !?
- the swamp is deep, so I assume there are still some Dem hacks around to make the situation worse.
How many years have we tried that philosophy !!! DA !!!
how do you propose reasoning with a mad-man?
She would give it to her husband to sell like she did with the post offices the US sold.
Diplomacy doesn't work with madness. Kim Jong Un is madness. Do you know anything about his families reign of tyranny? You destroy madness.
I think Lil Kim should be killed just for exporting METH!
You can even have one of my huband's dirty socks.
Because up until now, diplomacy has worked so well. Warning: You will hear a loud "pop" when you pull your head out of your butt!
Well senator it's now or never are the folks on the other side of thee isle gonna do something about that crazy bastard trump, nows the time
Exactly, however, Dump is threatening to unleash nuclear Armageddon. A more stable, capable leader needs to step in. Perhaps Angela Merkel.
You've been on Foreign Relations Committee & Intelligence why weren't you more proactive.
DT needs to keep his mouth shut. Let the more experienced handle in a civil manner. Please get him out of the office ASAP! God help the USA.
Can't someone shut him the hell up?
No, getting Trump out of the office is the only way and we all know it.
So smart, how many years have U taken up space on the Intelligence Comm?  diplomacy attempted with the last 3 Presidentsand ZERO success
Only if macho POTUS doesn't manage to destroy the world in the meantime
That would be nice if we had an honest partner to negotiate with, NK never been an honest partner and every president in my life has tried
Call for Congress to come back into session. We need to curb 45's war powers.

And now we see the difference between rational women and macho lunatics. Of course you're right, Sen. Feinstein.
What do you think isolation is? You are dillusionial if you think n. Korea will enter into any treaty with the US.
Unfortunately Sen. we have a unconventional and misinformed President that doesn't know his knees from his elbows!
Have an enabling & irresponsible GOP Congress. Whatever catastrophic actions against this country, they r 99.9% fault of this madman potus
Are you going to wait till Kim Jung Un Nukes Los Angeles and millions of Americans are dead before you take NK seriously?
yes.
Nuclear war has a positive side.    Feinstein won't be tweeting anymore.   And our property taxes will drop to zero.
Diplomacy can only work if North Korea wants it too.  That's a far reach.
So how do you stop Trump going down the path he is on? Isn't it time something effective was done. This threatens the world! Action needed!
Trump is clearly unfit and dangerous. When are YOU going to do something. Amendment 25...NOW!
like you did with  obama and 'strategic patience'....sit down, and keep quiet
Diplomacy is hard with crayons and legos
