Not a good choice according to most! Why roll over on this nominee?
You must vote NO! Do not enable this corrupt and illegitimate administration #NoOnWray #WrayConfirmation @KamalaHarris
Like Comey? BwaaaaaaaHaaaaaaaaHaaaaa
He removed firm data about Russian client before hearing. Ask yourself why?
Wray is WRONG. The FBI is NOT an independent agency.  And Lindsay Graham is a dork.
Anyone linked to 45 is tainted and should not be confirmed to any government position. This CA voter implores you to deny his appointment!
Praying for a earthquake...
Typical Trump supporter, praying for harm to befall another human being.
They are attacking us nonstop, a bernie DemoRat fired on GOP baseball practice...refusing to let conservatives to speak by rioting...
Here's a question for consideration: What would the expected allegiance be for the FBI director as a result of being recommended?
Where do ppl get this notion that the FBI is an independant agency, they are not. They report to the DOJ and the President.
Ties to Russia = NO! Also, he would not nominate anyone who would take action on his illegal activities.
True! That's why Trump was justified in firing Comey. Dems were calling for him to be fired last fall, but now attack Trump for firing him!
https://rankingamerica.wordpress.com/  Which of these things has Trump made any effort to fix?
Actually following the law is a trait that YOU and Comey have been sorely deficient in adhering to!
I applaud  @SenFeinstein for her hard work and pray she will not allow this man whose body language suggests lies to be confirmed.
Grassley is discrediting the FBI and McCabe. WTF? Don't let them  Mueller!
I wish someone would speak up about this statement. Feinstein should call him out. We need political courage.
With the White House embroiled in Russian conspiracy, do NOT confirm someone w/ Russian, Saudi & Trump family ties. HOW COULD YOU? VOTE NO
Feinstein needs to take her blinders off..no need to list the misdeeds/felonious actions of her party's candidates..she's aware/compensated.
His body language and his answers do NOT give ME confidence that he is trustworthy or patriotic. Please don't let him be confirmed.
I want to keep an open mind.  There is no trust with lying POTUS. Torture was never ok, ever. Also, don't trust him to stand up to DT.
THANK You for the heads up and the link.
#Trump nominates lawyer for #Russian #StateOilCo #Rosneft to head the #FBI? That's the #Rosneft he gets 19% of if he ends #RussiaSanctions
And Senators must expose his Russian ties.
Is that all you can parrot?
America does NOT trust this person to be our FBI director. We do NOT trust he has integrity. We will never trust YOU Senator if you confirm
Get to work no tweets needed
Wray said he would need proof to investigate, so figure hed end russan investigation due to no proof.. VOTE NO

#Breaking Research: Christopher Wray's given money to 4 GOP Senators that would be voting for him:

Perdue-Isakson-McCain-Portman

…
We should have the same standard for the Senate. #grossincompedence #senatehearing
Operative word Serve SERVE Americans
You can't possible confirm him? Please tell me you are voting no! #russianties
Comey is a liar & corrupt & YOU are no different !  You have ignored HRC corruption for years & defended her despite her obvious corruption!
and here come the Russians
http://www.expressnews.com/business/health-care/article/Blue-Cross-Blue-Shield-parent-slammed-for-9-9-6732007.php … They believed that the free market would solve the cost problems...
I hated Wray; no wonder you liked him. He's as much of the swamp as you are.
Given the info that continues to be revealed, there should be NO hearing and no legislation considered.  cc:  @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan
so does this guy really have money connected to Russian energy? This is just enough with all Trump ties leading to Putin in some way.

DO NOT CONFIRM!!! Wray has too many #RussiaTies !!
Got you worried? Looks like a man that will deal with those destroying evidence..
Yet can't even answer if he would allow Trump to direct him to give our cyber secrets to the Russians? #WrayHearing Christopher Wray #CNN
Why hasn't any1 asked about his role with Russian oil company his firm represented @maddowblog #WednesdayWisdom
Trump's FBI Director nominee Christopher Wray's law firm represents Russian-controlled oil companies.

#TrumpRussia https://www.usatoday.com/story/opinion/2017/06/08/trump-new-fbi-director-chris-wray-russian-ties-rosneft-gazprom-column/102603214/ …
Who is sitting behind Mr Wray with bald head?
R senators want to go back to Clinton days, instead of today?
No worries -we know YOU & YOUR PROGRESSIVE BUDDIES will CONTINUE TO OBSTRUCT everything our President tries to do 
Little Neighborhood Kids Know About Trump Jr's Emails And Meeting With Russians And This Guy Said I'm Not FilMILAR with that. Lying already
Dianne, let's hope you don't ok this guy. His answers are vague and he's lying already about knowing what's on news 24/7
WTF he's doing the exact same thing Jessions and the rest did when asking questions. This guy is NOT QUALIFIED! HE'S A SELL OUT!
Sen. Graham did exactly wht @maddow sd GOP wld do-deflect Trump-Russia on Dems. Dem Party hs HISTORY OF REPORTING election interfrnce to FBI
Flippedcon tv. Ooh good looking ok then asked about Trump Jr ! Trump Of course choose the dumbest guy to be HEAD OF FBI !  Figures
OMG HE'S LYING ALREADY!!! FBI DIRECTOR REFUSES TO ANSWER QUESTIONS PLUS SAYS HE ISN'T UPDATED ON TRUMP JR. HE'S NOT QUALIFIED! TRUMPANZE
Yes Unlike the Democrats and @LindseyGrahamSC . Everyone knows Jesus Christ himself could be nominated and y'all would vote no.
Tell us: IF Clinton was under investigation w RUSSIA you would be ok let's let Clinton name a new FBI Head &watch him hesitation on Those ?s
Finally someone who isn't owned by the Democrats corruption and destruction of this country
Do not confirm!!
He will lie just like the rest. His firm represents Russian interests. VOTE NO! No one 45 picks has integrity!
VOTE NO!
Prosecute Comey for leaking.

Then maybe I'll believe your words.
Does the FBI handle revoking security clearances?
This guy has ties to Rosneft & Russia! No way he should be confirmed!
What about his Russian connection through his law firm?
If those are the only questions you can ask you shouldn't be on that committee
Yes let's get Mr. Wray confirmed. By the way the Russian narrative is getting old nothing has been found in months.
Russia Doesn't Get to Run Our FBI!
PLEASE Senator, I cannot sleep at night as it is. Donald should not have ANY Presidential privileges! Vote NO to Wray!
just like you and other members of congress hahaha do as I say not as we do
Are you kidding?White House won't even Televise press briefings to Americans! Slowly eroding away our freedoms. PRETENDING business at usual
His is loyalty to America or to this Administration?
I don't trust anyone tRump chooses
ChrisWray's akaChristieBridgegate lawyer who held   w/deleted txt 4 2 yrs during investigation!Yea,trust him2go fwrd w/USSR
You've got to be joking right? After watching Comey allow the whole Obama Administration escape their criminal actions? Are you nuts?
Thanks for keeping it real.

Dianne Feinstein: "The FBI Director does not serve the president. He serves the Constitution, the law, and the American people."
Stop this nominee from the #illegitimatePresident from moving forward. #NoConfirmations until Mueller investigation is complete.
Fu! Who the Hell do you think YOU are calling the POTUS illegitimate? Remember this!
I'm an American, Joquita. I have freedom of speech. I will call that illegitimate Russian puppet who stole the election anything I want.
I don't think anyone trump knows has integrity
Please Do Not confirm Chris Wray as the new FBI Director...this position needs to stay open until Russian matters are resolved
Trump didn't tell Comey to stop investigation on Flynn. Saying you hope it will go away is not demanding it.
I'm sick of you saying Trump was telling Comey to stop investigation.He was telling Comey to tell people truth,No investigation or collusion

No confirmation till investigation is over #FakePresident #Illegitimate
This is what other countries do to our soldiers! What if this was your son? I'm sure you'd feel differently about about torture then.
Surprise, Senator!  So must our senators and representatives!
My GOD you are able to talk without breathing you aint there to read a manifesto
That's funny you old bag since you sit on your high chair tell lie after lie...hack.
How can anyone serve under this illegitimate President
Two faced liar
After making a political statement you say the FBI should not be political.  What a two faced phony.
You are lying about everything.
@CNN  Senate Judiciary Committee Hearing, F.B.I. Nominee ,WATCHING until
Wrong Dianne about FBI confidence. Many agents were upset about HRC results as stated by ast director at ur hearing!
The FBI has been complicit in deception under the last administration, and has been sitting on intel, domestic torture is happening now.
Retire Feinstein. You're a relic.
Senator Feinstein with all due respect POTUS Trump was well within his rights to FIRE Comey.
This Is Wrong! No Confirming Anyone! Until Investigation Is Complete! He Is Tied To Russia!
Bullshit...
All our elected officials should serve with integrity and independence.  Starting with you.
So should the panel; #Grassley didn't get that memo using his time to assault, attack, deflect, on #TREASON #ThisIsInsane
Senator, you’re describing the “man of steel.” The new FBI director will have to able to leap over Trump in a single bound. Good luck.
... and have a rock solid memory so as to recall every gesture and word uttered by a liar to be documented in real-time.
Sorry for the cynicism, but can anyone take the third, fourth, or fifth choice can be taken seriously? Better left a vacant position.
That would rule Bob Mueller out immediately and Comey is a felon, traitr!
Trump didn't appoint Mueller, the DOJ did.  It has more independence.
No vote on #45's FBI director nominee while under investigation!
I agree! How convenient if a criminal could fire the police detective investigating him & hire someone beholden to him!  Scary, wrong!
We should not be confirming any man e positions until Mueller's investigation is done!
We definitely need an FBI director but this guy is a Trumpanze. You can tell how he is answering the questions. Vague..not answering
Looking forward to seeing democracy in action today, Senator. Thank you for your due diligence and service to our country. Best wishes.
And I'm sure he won't be good enough for any of you liberal obstructionist.
The Democratic party doesn't know what it stands for.

It's dead
Thank you!
Pls, ensure he will be independent! Never been more important!
