Bump stock makes semi auto into auto fire thy is outlawed I thought so bump stock ....
Wrong I verified .maybe you should be a part of the solution instead of ranting
Solution? This was a #FalseFlag attack. There were at least 2 shooters. They found the perfect patsy. https://youtu.be/U3rZpwx0wag 
You know because U tube source...no words
Hmmm. The Las Vegas shooter ?
And update our car purchase laws so people like the terrorist in Charlottesville cannot buy a car.
If you need weapons similar to ones used on battlefield, time to move a new neighborhood/town
AR15 looks like the M4 or M16. But it would fail in any real world combat...especially with the slide fire stock.
Similar is key word NC, aftermarket 100 round clip can make for many loss lives 4 sure and quick! What's the hunt requiring such firepower?
100 rnd drum. It's not a clip. You are right. The hunt? To protect one's way of life. I know many with the drum, but don't like or use it...
That's very interesting "To protect one's way of life" from who? Tyrannical Govt? Invaders?
All of the above, yes.
Is Govt. presently Tyrannical? Do you have examples? If NC stands for state, previously from,raised in,Piedmont region, absorbed history
An "Update"??? We need to amend the constitution.
What's the next amendment you'd be willing to forego after the 2nd amendment is gone?
Freedom of speech is becoming a thoughtcrime now! SJWs are the thought police.
You stand with Trump and have normalized him!  California needs real progressive leadership!!
No she doesn’t. Troll tweet!
I can't tell you how offended & upset I am by your statement to @FaceTheNation that no law could have stopped #LasVegas. SHAME ON YOU.
I guess the truth really pisses you off.  What law could have prevented it? Come on smart guy name it.
6 hours have passed, you find a law yet that could have prevented this?
Been 24 hours, you got that law yet smart boy? Come on it isn't that hard.  You still upset and offended by the truth?
Yes. How is the NRA keeping America safe?
Texas resident stoped church shooter. Defense of our lives is our responsibility
Follow the Constitution & Bill of Rights. Shouldn't be hard to get Republicans to agree.
There was no Registered militia. Every white male 18-35 was simply the militia, they weren't registered. That includes women and poc today.
1800 Being a 18-35 w.male called to serve, arriving unarmed or not arriving, without religious exemption could have been considered a crime.
A modern rendition of the 2nd amendment would essentially require every able bodied 18-35 year old to buy and keep a Military grade firearm.

Yes.  Anyone who is a good citizen should be able to conceal and carry. Criminals will think twice before being stupid
You demofucks probably planned this mass shooting so you can try and take away our gun rights
Leave the rights of American alone. Preserve the 2nd amendment, but do something about psychos on drugs. That is the issue, not guns.
I'm a touch disturbed that you believe it's "gun safety laws" that would save lives here.  What was he thinking?  Why would he dedicate
so much time to killing innocent strangers?  What does his pattern of behavior relate to?  Why don't Californians just secede so they can
answer those questions for themselves instead of repealing our wonderful Constitution?
Because this is another #FalseFlag attack. There's a lot of misinfo being put out. There were 2-3 shooters. The Taxi driver video proves it.
Gun laws will not fix evil.  Next
Not to be rude, but you are correct Captain Obvious.
If the guy wasn't white he would have been snitched on.
I agree. If we had some kind of database that registered every gun he bought, maybe someone could have questioned his need for so many guns.
I don't have to explain to you or anyone else what my "need" is. I can buy as many as I want - this is my business, not yours !
Look into his ties with the Bundys and you'll find his motive.
No they don't. What part of the second amendment do you not understand? It is not something that you can just "update" as you see fit!
You need to update yourself, maybe go see senator Leland who is in jail for gun running
Kept it up sniveling commie worms you look like terrorist with your hatred of conservative Americans
What are your suggestions or solutions? Someone needs to propose concrete and passable legislation!
Make a Nat'l Gun Registry to keep track gun purchases, a data bank to alert excessive purchases, (not hunting).  Ban all automatic weapons.
We’ve needed gun laws for a long time. Whenever another massacre happens we say the same thing. Just get it done!
What? We don't have any gun laws? But isn't murder illegal? Wait, mass murder isn't. We need to close the murder loophole now!
Outlaw bump stocks, outlaw large magazines. May not prevent but it sure as hell would make the carnage less.
Outlaw all alcohol production, sales, and consumption. You will save more lives, if you actually care.
#EnoughIsEnough no reason for assault weapons #LasVegasStrong
Calif needs an update from you
How about we start with people don't need 40+ guns for any individual. That is absurd.
This is not what the 2nd Ammendment intended #GunControlNow #Repeal2A
like California lawmakers that turn their head when people are in the country illegally and have committed crimes but we let them back in
Senate needs an update. Maybe it's time for you to retire.
yes, Dianne Evil will always find a way... Just like Hitler did and many after him too. You cannot regulate EVIL
Before we update the tax code @SpeakerRyan
I know he bought legally but if registered wouldn't it have been a red flag if there was a database that siad someone had 50 guns.
Gun sellers just want to make $. Gun laws vary from state to state. Most owners & sellers are NRA members, that’s part of the problem.
Not true at all.
Fake news! Liberal horror. He was a double agent of the left and supporter of ISIS! I blame liberals.
Stop trying to utilize a tragedy to accomplish political goals. You are an ugly old hag to do so.
No automatic assault weapons. What kind of hunter needs that gun? A bad one!
No no no we just need the tools to protect ourselves !!!!!!
Just unite and vote these career politicians out of office!
There is no reasonable gun law that would have stopped what he did.
Yes. A gun registry would have alerted the authorities of his growing arsenal.
No semi or full automatic weapons OR 6 shot max magazine capacity. Anyone with shooting skills shouldn't mind
A pause gives chance to escape
My President for 4 years & 8 if want to stay 
But didn't you say no law would have stopped this massacre? Come on Diane! We need a credible voice in the fight, our lives depend on it!
The sounds of the guns are m240's do some research. Bump stocks were not used. #fakenews promoted by #careerpoliticians
Big time overhaul needed. Laws regulations mental health checks exams waiting periods increase cost
No they don't.
And what do you propose that would have prevented this?
Why? It's the Second Amendment. Everybody has the right to defend himself. Trump Fire Stock for everyone!
Would be smart- after 2018 maybe
We should limit the number of guns one person can buy in a year.
The Democratic Party & all members should pledge to reject all NRA money. Make clear where the party stands on NRA 
“An update”?? Bold move @SenFeinstein
We have enough gun control laws on the books.  Enforce them.
Amazingly, you can support this, but you can't support Single PayerHealth Care, which could save millions of people by providing Health Care
r u abt 2 propose the ban on assault rifles & limitation of # of guns?! If not,pls move away.
Where are the TWEETS for PUERTO RICO
WHAT NOT RICH ENOUGH FOR YOU
GET SUPPLIES OUT IN THE ISLAND
FUCK THE BIG WATER EXCUSE
Repeal the 2A start a gun buy back program end military style weapons remember the the government has WMD's  making the 2A useless
Yes they do.....so do your JOB and change them. We the people demand you do your job or get out of office.
Our congress needs an overhaul and I know who to start with.
Wrong if anything it just goes to show that no what laws and background checks are passed ultimately people are people and bad things tend
to happen from time to time what laws are you considering the person that is probably planning on killing people with tree branches?
Your proposals dont understand gun controls. 
GET RID OF FEINSTEIN - install a Democrat.
More than an update. You need to completely ban automatic and semi automatic weapons. Show some backbone and save thousands of lives.
no gun laws are fine, yet you wont enforce them
Yeah, because the issue is not "why" he did it, but that any American with the same $$ resources could buy the weapons and do it...
Like California’s?  BTW bought his guns in CA as well. It’s not the tool evil uses it’s the evil behind it. Criminals don’t follow laws
Heavy treading leads to Tyranny, which will lead to you realizing exactly why the 2nd amendment was written..
Yeah... because the laws you have in place now sure are doing a great job. Perhaps you should focus on the real problem. your treading heavy
Plenty of nations around the world that are “gun free” feel free to move. constitutional rights trumps your opinion
The constitution doesn't say you can own as many guns as you want or any type of gun you want.
You better check the constitution. There are no limitations set within it. there are laws in place that further restrict it. Get educated
Trust me, there is no law that can determine the insanity it takes for someone to take another life.
Why, to make America just like Chicago, Baltimore and Ferguson?
Are you serious? drugs are banned did this stop the drug abuse? Chicago has the strictest gun laws yet the gun violence is increasing.
let's ban vehicles, fertilizer, and forks for fat people.  Gun "control" is only meant to subjugate the populace.  Not gonna!
Do you even understand one of the main reasons no one attacks the United States is because so many people own guns
Errr...9/11? Mass shootings where your own ppl do it for you?
Who's to say that there wasn't some outside force threatening him if he didn't go and do that what is your justification for gun reform
To repeat myself
FA SHO "LADY DI"! I REMEMBER WHEN YOU WERE MAYOR OF SF IN 80's, I met u while I was campaigning for Atty Belli's wife Lea Belli!:)
Watch the end..
@wjcoop And the ATF can change the Obama administration regulations that made those bump stocks legal. We don't need a new useless law.
Speaking of needing an update, so does our #Senate and #House......
Common sense gun laws! @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems @RepErikPaulsen
Close the gun show loophole, add waiting periods, limit purchases and hold original purchasers responsible for resale and gifting of guns.
Senator calls for update to gun laws. No mention of underfunded agency tasked with enforcing gun laws. #fundtheATF
2nd Ammendment written when they had no idea how far gun technology could go.
I will NOT VOTE FOR YOU. 1 BIG REASON.. YOU ATTACKED A CHRISTIAN. Yet let Obama put all those muslimn terrorist in positions in office.
There should be a law to track people stockpiling weapons that are not dealers!! This nut went to multi states to buy the guns & stocks!
Big issue will mass shooters ... they are leftist.
Obama admin approved bump fire stocks.
Wrong, if anything you need to abolish about 20,000 ridiculous gun laws.  View this video Dianne and then we'll discuss bump stocks.
How about start with putting people in prison forever for committing crimes using firearms?
*yawn*.....
We will not be like Australia, because we do not exist as subjects under a crown.
You are so out of touch with reality.
Agreed! Second amendment was written for muskets. Not the weapons of war existing today that the founding fathers would never have imagined
You need to retire. You can't handle truth. guy was going to kill one way or another. What laws can you dream up that would've stopped him?
It is sad ppl that block say they support police. Most police want stricter gun laws. Where is support now?
You need to address mental health issues. He had a car with explosives in it.
What a pile of CRAP...where were u when. Obama ATF APPROVED BUMP STKS in 2010?
What will u say when Iran NUKES ISRAEL. OH
SORRY !!
The #Constitution was written in the 18th Century by a bunch of white guys who owned muskets. It all needs updating. #WeThePeople
You idiots made the bump stock legal.  We have enough damn federal gun laws (almost 5,000).  Close the damn border!!
Give up ur security team with guns.  Your out of tiuch
Criminals gonna be criminals
Training, testing, licensing, liability insurance, registration—just like motor vehicles. Common sense.
Numerous rifle purchases should trigger a flag like handgun purchases do. This would have been a start in curbing Las Vegas shooting.
Ok what’s your plan?
Please do more than banning bump stocks. Please speak louder on this issue. Your stance on MTPress not enough. Lives depend on you.
Already lying about Vegas actions and gun control. Run for office but you will lose
as horrified as I am, none of this matter if potus is actually contemplating a first strike against #Nkorea. WHO WILL STOP THIS MADMAN? HELP
Life comes at you fast when you're running for re-election.
@Resist___45 including some sort of flagging for amount / type of guns purchased
You owe gun violence survivors & the entire GVP movement an apology for your pathetic remarks on Sunday.
If the NRA and Republican puppets say NO, then I think we all have a right to bear arms while visiting Congress and the WH.
We need to fix this first.
How about you actually do something proportional to this horror and DEMAND a vote on the your FULL Assault Weapons Ban? Enough of your fear.
talk about understatements.
Yes!!
solution to guncontrol control debate advertising Muslims buy gun.R will introduce legislation in 24/hrs. #"R"operatebyfearnotcommon sense
Create a DGC!
Department of Gun Control
Everybody Licensed/Registered/Educated
Special licenses for big guns, like you need for big vehicles
Regulations, limits, re-licensing every 4 years like a DL.
Any gun manufacturer employees that lose jobs can work at DGC.
P.S. I love you
There is plenty you can do without banning stuff but you are more interested in Division of Americans against each other.
The government could track gun & ammo sales just like credit companies follow every americans bill paying habits. Even find stolen weapons.
I thought you said no legislation would have made different lol. More talking point?
Your brain needs an update.
Why, since you admit that won't work?
http://waronguns.blogspot.com/2017/10/so-its-not-about-stopping-gun-violence.html …
You're correct the answer IS simple.  Hold the person responsible for his actions.  Wow what a concept!
HMMM...but murder is illegal.
2016 Presidential Election map per county. See any correlation??
CPRC's gun murder per county map
All political power comes from a barrel of a gun political party must command all guns so no guns can ever be used to command the party.
Update? They need a flush down the drain as apparently they do not keep Americans safe at all.
I understand the desire to make us safer in the wake of this tragedy, but what's your plan to legislate what was in his mind? His intent?
Evil acts don’t cancel out a law-abiding citizen’s rights.
Dianne, you have to be the most honest Democrat in Congress.  Thank you.
Did they have mass shootings in churches and public events when the 2nd amendment was written? Did our forefathers know what assault rifles were? HELL NO
But don't you know it was all "evil's" fault?
Where were you when Obama pardoned & commuted sentences of 50 drug felons with arms violations? Hypocrite!
@GOP IMPEACH TRUMP NOW. @VP YOUR WHOLE ADMINISTRATION ARE LYING AND CHEATING RUSSIAN PUPPETS.impeach this mentally white supremacist. No kkk
Do you not realize that every criticism you have of gun laws is a criticism of you and your pathetic party?  Obviously you don't.
I'll help you write the bill, just call me.
3) national registry for violent criminals ( battery, rape, murder, DV) violent crime committed = loss of privilege to own a gun.
2) ban and buy back of all semi automatic guns that can kill so indiscriminately  .  So obvious- no need for these.
Um, all weapons are semi automatic- one depression of the trigger one round expended next round ready to fire by depression of trigger,
Saw u on MTP-- I have some answers for you:  1) register all guns, just like opioid RXs -- being legit with the guns, it should not matter.
Stop. You make smart women look dumb. Wake up.
You liberals in Congress is exactly why we need our 2nd Amendment rights. Don't make us use them
Keep up the fight!
Have froends/family whose  lives-were spared who wanted no gun controls- wonder how they feel now about at least about assault weapons
No the federal govt needs to enforce existing laws. Why no Straw Purchase red flag by @FBI over dozens of guns purchased in one year? #UFAIL
Tyranny. One bad apple and everyone else has to suffer your oppression.
Yes by all means, bc we all know that criminals follow ALL laws & care about rules, regulations.
Stop making it about Guns it is criminals that don't follow laws no matter how many Gun laws what you lefties  want is our gun's
Which laws would have stopped the Vegas shooter?  Obviously your precious "UBC" wouldn't have. So what do you propose?
He broke every law on the books. What's another log on to do?
No...they don't
Keep up the good work you are doing. Gather our Dem forces and stand up to these people!
Most mass shootings are done with guns bought legally. We need protection from "responsible gun owners" http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2012/12/mass-shootings-mother-jones-full-data/ …
Keep your laws of my guns
I'm a Dem. & believe in owning maybe 4 guns max-but there's no reason to be able 2 buy 40+guns w/ bump stocks 2 w/n 6mo.'s w/o FBI do'in "0"
One man should not be able to buy so many rifles in a short period without someone at least knowing. Secrecy allowed him to build an arsenal
Since the Democratic party is the party of NO. This will be be easy to hear..... NO , NO , NO
It’s you commie racist that misuse guns even your propaganda media is glad conservatives are killed you want to disarm us for your takeover
Give them hell girl. Be careful, remember Gabby ! Mr. Lapierre is saying your name more than the Senate Bill Clerk does. peace
You can't go amending and changing laws simply because of one bad apple. Gun violence will occur regardless.
U can't buy 2 boxes of cold medicine without being stopped
But you can go to more than one store and take more than one person with you.
The question I've asked and thar Chuck Todd asked today is how many guns does one person need? Is the answer really an unlimited number?
Are you jealous of the shooter congress can only do nothing about it so be quiet & save your breath.
YES. WE NEED TO RESPECT  ALL PPL. AND STOP LETTING PPL WITH GUNS GET AWAY WITH HOW THEY US THEM
@SenBillNelson @SenWarren you need judges that follow Constitutional Law & don't turn country + markets into INTENTIONAL [Orange Torture Boxes] before worrying about "gun laws". Democratic Leadership is maintaining monopolies, and has been slow, lost, confused, & reprehensible.
The best legislation you could put forth to protect Americans would be retroactive term limits for Congress.  Get on it.
Laws don't stop evil people.
1. Guns like Car ownership. Think DMV.
2. Ban automatic & automatic conversion parts
3. Require certified training
Finally.... No one has an issue with discussing Safety so long as the Constitution is not hindered
Education 101
FYI: You can bump fire without a stock or build one in your garage for $10.
Save our children from state abductions!
http://medicalkidnap.com/2016/02/25/child-kidnapping-and-trafficking-a-lucrative-u-s-business-funded-by-taxpayers/ …
Thank you! Yes indeed - they were needed years ago - enough already!
How to Create a Gun-Free America in 5 Easy Steps  #Pro2A #NoGunControl
I didn’t think #Chicago could ‘top’ last year’s 20% homicide clearance rate; I was wrong. #enforcement #endgangviolence #DisarmedCitizens 
Can you tell us what the plan is?
You should be concerned about the rhetoric on the left that causes these incidents. Calling Trump and us NAZIS that put gays in camps.
NRA is passing out money  no chance
