Unforgivable that I have to fight like this while fighting for my child's life
What do you want socialism or what our country was built on Capitalism? You cannot have it both ways.
...and you know this statement to be 100% false, don't you?
Millionaires and Billionaires only? Actually, if you read it, it is for people making $288,000 per year and more. You know, like you.
Trumpcare also removes employee mandate & installs life time caps. Working people will lose coverage.
Happy Birthday
#TrumpVoters HAVE to SEE pages of this #HealthBill That matter to THEM. SHOW THEM! Also, page that gives ~ $1T to ~400 people in SAME-BILL!
A recommendation would be to work with hospitals and pharmaceutical companies, prices for medicine, dr visits and so forth, are hijacked!
Personal investments playing a huge part in the decision making. Let's see those tax returns, Congress. #TaxationWithoutRepresentation
For years Republicans insisted the ACA was a disaster; but if their AHCA is far worse than the ACA, then it FAILS their own litmus test.
Agreed Senator So are you going to twist some arms next week?
Get Tough Dianne ! Leave your Manners home and Fight this monstrosity
Your losing my support Diane. Please read my email to you. I used the Gov email system to send it. 
Emailing my Representative, Sen. Diane Feinstein @SenFeinstein on Violence, Resistance, Healthcare, Tax Reform, & My Vote in 2018. 
The millionaire and billionaire speech again. You're up in that rarified air.
#FilibusterByAmendment #HoldTheFloor
From the mouth of a multi millionaire that she acquired on the backs of middle class Americans.. #Hypocrite
@CrushTheCheeto W/all respect, anyone earning under $250m is vulnerable. They 2 work like hamsters on wheel 2 stay afloat
Too bad you only champion progressive policies when GOP is majority!
It is barbaric!
The many vulerable senior citizen & disabled are going to be the victims here...
Also want to cut taxes for the wealthy again in their so-called tax reform. Greed has no bounds and no conscience
Also will bankrupt the middle class after they get sick. #HealthCareBill a death nail #AHCA
Replacing it with anything but Single-Payer is just as unforgivable. Too bad you're paid to make sure it won't happen. #HealthcareBill
You were not very worried about that when you all voted for OBAMACARE!
With your years of experience in the Senate, I hope you have a plan to stop this. Stop the partisan madness, unite the Senators who care!
It is also unforgivable to take a tax penalty from middle class to pay for another persons insurance including illegals.
WE MUST LOOK LONG TERM HERE.  WE NEED A 15-YEAR TRANSITION PLAN TO A FULLY PUBLIC PLAN.  WE CAN DO THIS. IT IS NECESSARY.
Hey Diane, you can always pay more taxes. There's no law against it. You go first. #Hypocrite you made millions as a "public servant".
"Radical Extremists"
You cannot allow this to happen.
Why should wealthy have to pay more taxes than everyone else?  What is it that makes you hate those people so much?
That's right Senator what about the veterans that sacrificed everything we have continually been throw away what about the disabled
Do something please.
Come on Feinstein...no matter WHAT was in the bill, you would have regurgitated those talking points anyway.

It's OK...you can admit it.
It doesn't.
I agree, & left you this voice message: I expect you to use every tool at your disposal, including procedural blocks. #NoBusinessAsUsual
Trump care billionaire bill! Let's call it what it is!
WTF is going on??? This isn't America any longer.. Not even close
But that's what Dems are doing in CA.
Agree.It is so wrong. Morally wrong.
Yes, so those millionaires and billionaires can create more jobs and pay more peoples healthcare...
We are counting on the good and fair members of Congress to get this right. You are there. We are not. Phones and emails aren't cutting it.
#WealthCare  #Amazing
Thank you for speaking out against the Senate health bill
The armored car never follows the hearse.
Have you read it yet? Obama care is already failing the vulnerable! Quit your partisan bickering!
That is such a typical old line of obstruction. Why not work towards common goals?
Please reach across the aisle and help the other side do what is right.
The GOP doesn't care. Jesus will take care of the vulnerable. You know? Like climate change.

1/THREAD:crunching the nums-HOW THE @GOP SABOTAGED #Obamacare EXCHANGES (which were actually GOP amendments to ACA bill) @CNN @MSNBC #AHCA 
Stay strong and in using every tool at your disposal to block this bill!
The Dems didn't want to help work on the new health bill, and now they intend to obstruct. This is why you keep losing elections.
Why is this not a thing?
Offer a "yea" vote in return for them doing away with tax cuts.  That will expose them.
Why don't you support Medicare for all?
.@SenFeinstein Agreed! A no vote  is appreciated. With multiple preexisting conditions, I would not have enough $ to  pay for insurance.
Just another form of eugenics. That plan has been in existence for nearly a century.
Trickle-down theory has never worked as kleptocrats are too greedy.
If you have better idea present it to TRUMP. He has asked for your help. You wont though
Right on!
You're looking for people with their hand out instead of the contributing Americans
@SenFeinstein see @SenBobCasey tweets! Affects everyone now, not just we ill and poor.
Emergency services, prenatal not covered! Please help
What's a vulnerable working person? Most working people get health care from their employer, not Govt.
Its called #wealthcarebill
Let's call the #GOP bill what it is: An unhealthy tax cut bill.
Actually, I'm afraid it's also #deathcare
I no longer believe ANYTHING DT says period.
Seeing disabled wheelchair bound people being dragged down hall of senate building is it for me. DO YOUR DAMN JOB!  PROTECT & SERVE AMERICA!
They're not going to seek forgiveness!
Please oppose this and persuade your colleagues to oppose it too! We need Universal single payer healthcare!!!
It guts long ten care for the elderly, those that need rehab, those that get help in their home. SNFs are going to close along  w hospitals
Thank you, Senator Feinstein!
Agreed! What is the plan, then, to repair ACA? We need solution to help unite Dems and reach out to GOP. Opposition only doesn't work!
#INHUMANE
Anyone who votes for this abomination should lose taxpayer supported health insurance.
GOP proposes death to vulnerable. Stand up and fight please America.
caviar?
Vast understatement!
@SenFeinstein @SenBlumenthal why don't you all write a check to the treasury - i am sure they will take it. Let us know how much it is for..
Hopefully next election "working people" would keep that in mind. I hope they remember what is happening. I hope they are still alive then.
We are alive and well, and will be voting Trump again! 

Senate GOP bill contains $50 billion to stabilize ObamaCare markets http://hill.cm/HkESw0R  
But it is called better by the GOP so it must be 
SENATOR THE RICH ARE ALREADY RICH ;WHAT NEED.IS THERE ;FOR THE EXTRA MONEY! TO PUT IN THE BANK AND SERVE NO GOOD PURPOSE!
What genius here doesn't tell u is that everyone also gets a tax break
Ur full of it.If anyone supported the rich and elite it's u and ur party. Life for us average people has gone from mid to poverty in 8y
How can they be stopped Senator? This administration and GOP seem to do what they want. They spit on all that's good/right.
You stop them by winning elections, which you can't because you have no platform besides celebs and CNN.
As an obstructionist, resistance party of Demagogues you've forfeited a seat at the table, so this will be shoved down your whining throat.
I'd call it deplorable! I am a pre-existing condition.
That w b the end of good health care. B like the v a over the last cpl decades. Wait and wait and no choices like Obamacare
Use to b a dem 4 decades ago. But they left us and kept going left. Forgetting the American worker and taking care of elites like Soros
the party is over for @TheDemocrats losers @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi are the @GOP 's best weapon after @realDonaldTrump
