Please help us. My son is a Marine stationed in Japan with his family. They should be evacuated now, yes?
Evacuation? Really? Your son is a Marine he is the first line of defense for YOU! You think NK just developed these last night?
We appreciate his service, but I think you should be pissed at Bill Clinton for giving NK nuclear reactors
What diplomatic solution?
Didn't your party give them nikes to begin with? We won't forget. 2018 is right around the corner!
You make it sound like you were briefed personally which I highly doubt. You read you read only what they wanted you to read
Thank you  ...can Senate collectively share with public the risk and that diplomacy is the way to go with North Korea
They have never honored their agreements.
That's right, the US has never honored their agreements.
Under the Agreed Framework N. Korea shut down their reactor.
They respected it.
Yes. They did shut it down but they  have been refining fuel for nukes, something else they promised not to do
They may have had some low level R&D going on, a prudent measure given the fickleness of the US, but it wasn't enough to make weapons.
No, they had to get nuclear material from Pakistan to restart their nuclear program, after George W. Bush abandoned the agreement.
And how will diplomacy get Kim to give up nukes? Diplomacy sounds all nice and nobel thing to do but it won't disarm him
I have to say that the current administration is incapable of diplomacy or has the intelligence to run a military campaign
I think you are absolutely right.
What we require is someone who is graceful and tactful to negotiate with countries surrounding N.Korea these countries see us as a joke now
Seems to have worked for Obama...oh wait, it didn't  work for Obama and that is why we are in this mess.
It's too late for diplomacy . Accepting NK as a nuclear nation is a def no. There's one option only. Military.
Clueless
@nikkihaley has it under control
Yeah let's take this guy's opinion right . Not is right and what I mean is don't take his opinion
That translation! Lol!
So bad! At least try!!!
Got an idea what that would be?  Or are you clueless here too?
We need career politicians with zero positive input > such as yourself! to leave politics. There's a solution to ineptitude.
Like the one that gave them time & resources to build the bombs in the first place? Retire already.
still with cobweb in your eyes are you 
So you determined, with your infinite wisdom, that North Korea is not an immediate threat to our country or our citizens abroad?
Yes we all know that but when one side refuses to be diplomatic and continues to listen to the world by testing and threatening..what then
Where have you been since 1994?
And the #AwanBrothers have read yoir emails. U R compromised and cant be trusted. Resign now
I'm so grateful to have an experienced, intelligent, calm, patient, thoughtful representative in California. You give me hope in the chaos.
Ha, ha.  You called Feinstein intelligent,  calm and patient.  ROFL. At least you didn't say sane or rational.  I would have lost it.
Sanction them more, I'm sure more economic pressure won't make them resort to attempting to grasp strategic leverage in order to lax them!
You of all people should know you can't reason with crazy...oh you probably don't realize that.  My bad.
Brilliant. Tell us more.
So where is #Tillerson ? Where is his experienced staff? Where are the career #diplomats?  

#NorthKorea 

#Trumpsterfire
They just released a Canadian pastor held longer than any other prisoner in NY back to Canada
 It's working.
Perfect, why don't he post this all of over the web 
Hey FrankenFeinstein... you're still in office lol? You're so irrelevant I thought you had already went off to the nursing home. Our loss 
. @SenFeinstein Well CA needs a younger Senator. One that isn't senile.
You sound like a GENERAL with a Full LOBOTOMY.  Time to RETIRE.
Because "diplomatic solutions" have worked so far. Your "solutions" are what put us here. Time for action. Shock & Awe, eliminate the threat
I wonder if you would be so kind as to read it to Donald. I hear he prefers "reading" intelligence reports with bright pictures.
And little words.
Ambassador Rodman?...
Bill Clinton negotiated a diplomatic solution.  That's what got us here.
Yeah let's send them another nuke reactor or how about a plane load of cash, you can't negotiate with & appease psychopaths.
I wonder if North Korea reads your quotes.....dummy
How about finally negotiating an armistice with #NorthKorea? They get the respect they're looking for,  we get no nuke threat. Win/win.
Along with respect N. Korea needs the periodic intimidation of the grand military exercises on its border to stop.
Your weak
The last thing Feinstein is good at is "intelligence"
and u need to retire
Want to send them a plane full of cash too?
Pipe down. The adults are trying to discuss what to do about this madman pointing nukes at us. Virtue signaling isn't a damn solution.
For example?
We should go the Obama/Clinton route and throw more money at them.

85% of the time, it works every time.
You've been preaching a diplomatic solution for past 8 years. What is the liberal solution? Cave 2 him? Pay him billions. He's batshit crazy
@BuckSexton
Where have you been?  Oh....never mind.
Maybe you should have mentioned this to @BarackObama during the last 8 years. Curious what your dimwit ideas are on Iran..... what a hack!
Very likely that doing nothing for 8 yrs has made diplomatic solution an impossibility. The leader of NK is a insane nut job.
Still feel that way after they threatened Guam? If so, please resign. You're too old to have a vote.
Kinda short on details, aren't you? May as well tweet "We need world peace." Didn't Obama try laid back diplomacy? #Fail
You had your chance..you did nothing.  Step aside and let the professionals do their work.
They've been working on a diplomatic solution. UN voted 15-0 on Saturday for sanctions.  You are aware, no?
I'm sure mad dog really agrees with you
Okay Dianne you go talk to the nutjob in North Korea and report back. Your diplomacy I'm sure will charm him.
Like what, a couple of Lear Jets full of cash?
Thank you Senator Chamberlain
Well you had an 8 yr head start to fix this with Obama and yourself. OH WAIT; cause of you, we now have this mess. So step aside
Which is??
here's my idea let's make a deal when we get billions of dollars to the norks in return they don't develop nukes! oh wait...
Oh ok ! Really ? No thanks ! Take them out.
pls explain how u negotiate w/maniac who thinks he's his grandfather!?you dems around when clinton was pres are responsible for this mess
Correct Lola. Just like a typical lib wanting to somehow talk with a f**king maniac. What exactly do you say Sen Feinstein ? Please stop ? 
That's worked so well for the last thirty! So here we are.
Honestly, a N Korean bomb hitting California sounds good with all the Liberal troublemakers there.
And what would that look like?
How do we do that when NK won't go to the negotiating table and just wants to destroy us? Happy to be diplomatic if they will.
Good idea. I'd suggest getting started on that in 2006.
Yes because the Norks seem really open to diplomacy over the last 25 years.

Sure.
Great.  We're waiting for your proposal . . .
I'm all ears, Di. What's diplomatic solution do you have in mind?
Yes because diplomacy works so well with dictators. 
Your 82 years old and have been there since the dawn of time. Why haven't you worked on diplomacy before now? Pee or get off the pot!
Never going to work
Hey maybe we should give them billions of dollars not to use nukes. The same policy is working in Iran right???
Isn't a diplomatic solution what we have been talking about for the last 30 years?
Then why didn't you speak with Tillerson?
Thanks for not showing a united front with the President. You are not a spokesperson, merely a swamp dwelling lying CA politician.
@bbdevices really Dianne? Isn't that exactly what hasn't worked? Where have you been for 8 years?
Dem presidents are reason we are in this mess. So some advice: shut up
Explain oh great Oz.
This is dumb. We always need a diplomatic solution. But if there is none, we have a military for a reason.
Worked so far. Not
That's how we got to where we are at today. Oh yeah and Bill Clinton selling our rocket technology to them in exchange for bribes by Loreal.
A diplomatic one? Really? With a regime whose single  value is perpetuating it's own power? Kindly extrapolate.
I know let's do the same thing Obama did. .....crickets...... yep, nothing.
How many years have you had to come up with one?
did you ask Obama for a diplo solution? Naw. Didn't think so.  But you DID send $150B to Iran.
You mean the better part of valor is to pay the danegeld? Yes, probably in the short-term. But what's your solution long term?
A diplomatic solution is exactly what Kim is in search of, Senator. Perhaps you could send this man with a pallet of foreign currency?
A diplomatic solution as effective as Clinton's, Bush's, or Obama's?  Failed diplomacy has brought us to this situation. Hope we find a way
Gen Mattis needs a medal just for putting up with YOUR horse shit!
Trump is dumping fuel on a raging fire. NK is not a play ground bully! NK is a rabid junkyard dawg!
Hey, I know, let's #Hashtag 'em. @SenFeinstein @GPollowitz #NoNukes That'll show 'em.
We need that clown out of the White House.
eye roll. Just like your success the past eight years lol
So you are headed over? #dianne4NK
U r nuts we will wait like Obama did until we r all nuked Shane on u
Farting around in endless diplomatic solution attempts for decades is why they can nuke us now. Good job, Dianne.
Maybe a cup of tea with the tyrant? Please leave and retire. #Democrat
Screw you and your "diplomacy."  It's what's got us in this mess, thanks to Clinton, Bush, and Obama doing nothing.
So, what is your diplomatic solution?
What is the diplomatic answer, wanna get Michael Jordan to sign another basketball.
Maybe the only way we get to a diplomatic solution is to have a credible military threat on the table? Asking for a friend.
Like the diplomacy rendered by all previous administrations?
Senator Feinstein have you briefed with McMasters? Cuz he may just disagree with you...
You are almost 90 years old.
A Senator is not the Commander in Chief of the armed forces.  You're entitled to your opinion, of course, but your constituents may differ.
Kim Jung Un is a god king of a crazy kingdom.  How can a short little man with a bad haircut and a God complex be reasoned with?
Ya, and how has that worked?
Hey, what if we transfer billions if they promise not to create nukes!? Oh sorry, that's what Clinton did in the 90's.
Riigghht, like Albrights? This has festered and grown thanks to "diplomacy". Millions of NK dead- but diplomacy
Such as?
Well we could send boatloads of cash it worked for now with Iran
Oh now you NEED a diplomatic solution. What happened in the 8 yrs you ignored NK?
If only we'd tried that approach during the previous 20 years
Maybe that's the problem. Oloser did absolutely nothing to stop the threat of North Korea.
You and the rest of the corporate democrats need to be purged from the party. You, pelosi, Manchin, and others, are really Republicans.
Fine.... So what is your solution then? Please don't complain about a problem without at-least offering up a possible solution...
Diplomacy hasn't worked for 40 years. Can't have a diplomatic solution when north Korea won't budge on the nuclear issue
We need a peace in America. Enough is enough. Let President to work!
a "diplomatic solution" to the tune of $2.5 billion deposited into my @WellsFargo acct today is all it will take @WarrenBuffett @jeremypiven
Good luck with that, Senator.

Cats are out of the bag & yowling
I think the N. Koreans are basically bullies.
Thank you @SenFeinstein
Good luck.
Thank God Obama is not in charge
Moron, they will not negotiate. You go over there and see what happens. You talk a lot BS and do nothing.
Yeah because that has done so well for the last 50 years. Dems are so cute "I know what we're doing isn't working but we can't admit defeat"
This is simply why diplomatic ways won't work and never has worked with North Korea. I think Kim has his finger on the trigger to start war.
agreed but how so?
We need politicians like you to retire away !! How many more decades of diplomacy does NK need! Bullies and evil in this world dnt spk dlmcy
So, we'll just sit around until a missle is on its way. Then worry about it WTF is going on? I'm in SF and waiting for one to come #crazy
Your stupidity is well noted
But didn't the trump declare that he could handle N Korea. Let's bring our troops home before the trump handles the problem.
Get Donald out of the WH, stop screwing around while Rome burns
If North Korea is challenged militarily they surely will use nuclear weapons, They won't go down without using them, that's almost guarantee
Foreign Minister announces that indeed, American meddling in DPRK affairs will be dealt with high consequences.
Why don't you take a trip over? And discuss it nutjob to nutjob?
First we need an effective State Department with a Secretary of State that actually knows what diplomacy is.
Thanks, Sen Feinstein, I am so afraid because we have a NUT as POTUS. Can't the Republicans see this and IMPEACH!
Well take a ride sen Feinstein
So Trump will be launching a full on nuclear strike in a few days then?
Good luck with that.
What we need to do is round you and all the rest of the dems and crony republicans up, put you on a c130 and drop you off over north korea!
So Senator have you been asleep the last 20 years? When they drop one in Sacramento you gonna yank Kim across the table and spank him?
Good to know you know more than Mattis does.
You know it is going to hurt to take the fish hook out, but leaving it in, allowes the wound to fester, in the end does more harm.
NK has used every agreement with Obama to further their technology.
Yes please, I have a son and daughter-in-law living in South Korea
Thank you, Sen. Feinstein!  T acts like it's a 5th grade playground & we're going to rumble.  Thank God for an adult response!
Eight years of pacifist government have allowed this to get out of control.
Exactly. We dont need big ego's,wannabe tough  guys,macho men or warmongers interfering,  instigating & agitating an already tense situation
We have tried this for the past 70 years and all they've done is build nukes and torture an American until he was brain dead
Good luck getting the empathy vote on NorKor
#America created the #NorthKorea problem long ago... I agree with you.  Stop the military drills and sign a #peace treaty
Even if we WERE forced to take military action, I sure don't want the toddler in chief leading the charge! @realDonaldTrump
Yea let's negotiate with a guy who has his ppl convinced he's a God.
Your not a General,President, nor Student of Military affairs. Go study,or converse with Pelosi on LBGT Issues. Ya think
Thank you, Sen Feinstein. People who want aggressive military solution don't look far enough down the road before they speak.
@SenFeinstein Then push a diplomatic solution like you never pushed before. We cannot let this idiot run the show. Too unstable .
Your Jewish persona is non grata here in the wonderful dprk
Yes, they don't want war, its clear they only want into the economic system. This should allow them to gradually change like China.
Many millions agree. Senator: please help the nation. These maniacs are gutting the democracy and our safety and security is in jeopardy.
Yea like that works! Get your head out of your ass!!
I agree, we live in a time where bullies can't start war, need more diplomacy when dealing with foreign nations! @realDonaldTrump untactful!
Trump can't fire him so why talk to him.
I agree if the other side is willing. Takes two to Tango. N Korean leader is a nut. We've tried before. Clinton/ Albright scammed.
They don't have anybody with any experience at their job they should hire me
How does one get a diplomatic solution when they refuse to talk to the USA.
Except there is no one home st State adept thanks to t.
Dons been waiting 6 months just so he can blow some shit up - problem is the other guys shot back -
They are amping up for a military action as a distraction from RUSSIA and Trump's TAXES. They will do anything to avoid the truth.
DIPLOMACY GAVE HIM NUKES AND PUT US HERE. Why are people like you even in office?!
How about the White House/Trump admin?  Do we need a political solution, or a legal one?
Hide the chocolate cake!
but there are no diplomats to do the work! Unfilled positions @StateDept threaten our chances. Need laws to fill jobs w/o Pres
Senator, no war with Iran (compliant according to 2 agencies) for sake of 45 business with S Arabia and/or on pressure by Israel.
N Haley has "done" with speaking. N Haley refuses any palestinian in high UN position. Whom will you turn to for discussions?
What we need is a sane person in the Oval Office. A functional State Department would be nice too.
The fact they are about to get hit by a famine is seriously concerning.
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/07/21/world/asia/north-korea-drought-food-shortages-grain.html …
I dont trust Trump to handle this at all.
Thank you senator
Yes
North Korea and China are ONE and ignoring the US. Diplomacy failed, next necessary phase is Trade War with China then Nuclear War with NK.
That is exactly what's gotten us to this point. What do you think we've been doing for decades? Ignorant comments equally scary.
Tell that to your UN ambassador that's so tired ALL THE TIME  of talking diplomacy
We've been trying since the early 90's, we even sent financial aid. How much longer do we wait before you realize they aren't stopping?
And that's far more information than Trump has.
"Sad" I don't think trump would hesitate going to war just to distract from investigation into Russia etc
Thank you for saying this. We need clear headed calm guidance in this hour.
But how will that help the military industrial complex, that both parties have supported, to grow their profits?
Tell Nikki Haley to do her job. She doesn't want to " jaw, jaw" with NK, she wants to " war, war" with them!
The problem is that #RexTillerson is destroying our diplomatic options. How many millions will die because of him?
Hurray for Mattis!
