(2/2) I’ve now read the Rosenstein memo three times. With each read I’m more troubled by this document.
how long will the republicans betray their Oath of Office ignoring the russin attack on the us (act of war) in 2016 and the RU asset in WH?
 crazy hysterical person, u!  U realize how silly u will look if case closed due to no evidence? 10mos and no Trump collusion evidence?!
All of us know that the Democrats are going to ride this the whole time Trump is in office. Going to cost them dearly.
better watch out, pence looks dirty, dems take house and senate in 18, trump without russia done enough 4 impeach.
pence likely 2.
speaker..
Are u ok with police fascist state? U like idea of Venezuela?  Keep ignoring the corrupt ones you hold in such high regard
@Teri70487630 Then do something about it, Diane!
If you are worried...you can imagine what we are feeling.
Thank you @SenFeinstein - we appreciate your speaking out. How can we get stop this crazy?
you guys lost, you get to call for nothing, period !
that’s not how the government works. Republicans had plenty to say when they lost and Obama was president. Read a civics book.
Barak Obama 2008~ "we won, you lost, you're welcome to ride in the back but I'm not letting you drive the car"you & Obama need a civics book
You must not allow trump to pick a new FBI director. Change the rules like GOP did w/GORSUCH. Put Sally Yates in charge of FBI
We are with you and your great CA staff! Be strong. This moment is why you are where you are. 
There is nothing to be troubled by that document. Read what it says not what you want it to say.
You do us proud Senator. As a CA citizen, I thank you.
Stronger response to it, then, please.
Yeah, Rosenstein was bought.
Resignation NOT recusal
Senator, the time to be polite is over. Our nation is under attack from the very people who inhabit our WH today. WHO WILL FIGHT FOR THE US?
It does have big words and is longer than your memory. I can see that would make it " Troubling"
Did Jeff Sessions recuse himself from Paul Manafort matters? The DOJ won't say he has to @maddow. Manafort didn't register as foreign agent.
It's very simple, Senator: TrumPutin accused Mr. Comey of a federal crime on 3 occasions with claim JC exonerated him. Will Trump prosecute?
Session purged himself and lied under oath, he must resign now.
No one comes out of Washington a virgin.  Rosenstein is still on the steep part of a learning curve and owes Trump lots less than a week ago
Pls meet with Rosenstein. Sounds like there is more to the story. Maybe Senator Warner has insights from his mtg. Sessions must resign IMO
Thank you, Senator!
Force recusal now
being "troubled" is GOP-speak for preparing to defend themselves as "not enablers" for the next election. You can & need to throw haymakers.
If I had dedicated my life to public service like you have I wouldn't be able to eat or sleep. Gastro docs in this country are making bank!
Bless you. Please hang tough.
@PrincessBravato please stop being "troubled" and start demanding a special prosecutor !
More troubled by the notion Trump requested and relied upon a report written by a man who held the position of Deputy AG for one week.
This is what happens when there is a madman at the helm and he surrounds himself with yes men
I agree...
Pls tell @ChuckGrassley to stop covering for @POTUS and his crimes! He needs to stop putting words in your mouth! We see him!
Perhaps Grassly is, shall we say, compromised.
grassley #kompromat hahah probably aren't they all ... #GOPsLOVERussianMoney
Senator, I'm sorry you had to read it 3 times. It's not that hard, the Deputy didn't say what you expected.
I get you, strange memo, really strange. Maybe was another person trying to be him.
Thank you!!
The perfect choice would be @PreetBharara, yes?
It should be handled by an independent investigator. Not someone from inside.
LEAVE NO ROTTEN GOP PRICK UNJAILED!
Give them the "Hard D" not the "Easy D"
Yeah. He actually mentions Russia investigation in the termination letter. LOL #obstruction #article1
Trumps clear intention of removing all seperation of power and independence of any department in government must be our primary concern.
Thank you Senator.
Yes ma'am!
Protect our Nation from those who would destroy our Democracy-The GOP needs to go and so does trump. I've never seen anything like this.
How can you be on the Sen Intel Comm investigating @POTUS, whom you clearly despise and are very openly trying to oust? How is this allowed?
I disagree with the hastily prepped AND I very much doubt RR wrote it. If he signed it, shame on him. If not, he should get out.
You Dems are crazy or is it just an act
Thank you Senator. We need answers.
So who is "the most senior career attorney at the Justice Department"?
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you Senator Feinstein for standing up for what's right and representing the people with great integrity!
Diane, as your constituent, I ask that you stop all Senate activity until a Special Counsel and independent commission have been established
Written like he didn't write it?
If Flotus stays in WH just one week it'd save millions to allocate towards special investigation into Hearing reg 45 associates/RussiaI ties
Media is already saying that does not appear to be a document written by a legal professional.
@CNN @MSNBC @ABC @NBCNews @FoxNews  Any Republican trying to cover for @realDonaldTrump /Russia ties are COMPLICIT WITH TREASON. Period!
What if that was not what RR was asked to do? What if he was asked"Tell me what you think about Comeys handling of HRC email?" Very diff ?
Read the letter. It says Comey must be fired because of his handling of e-mails! No way an Attorney Gen could believe that.
Rosenstein should have resigned instead of allowing his name to be appended to that atrocious document.
Glad to hear some people in Washington are still reading things at all.
As you should be. As an explanation for firing Comey, it makes no sense. It was a clumsy attempt to minimize Democratic blowback.
It's SO beyond time for a special counsel. Let's do this.
Troubled? Lots of thing are troubling. How about ALARMED??  This is ALARMING! Words matter and your constituents are paying attention!
Perhaps trump and Jared wrote it and he was forced to sign it!
If he caved to being FORCED he has no business in that position!
since he did write the letter, we know that he gave in to some outside influence...Therefore he has no business being in that position!
My concern is that the deflection may give him 2 steps on his russian agenda. Please don't let bannon Jr. take the focus off secret meetings
Good God! Are U serious? U, Dems & Reps wanted Comey gone. Now this? The hypocrisy! Comey needed 2 go. Stop the politics. Get to work.
U funnel projects 2 your husband's co 2 make millions$$ while Citizens are hit with more tax rates #gastax + funding illegals nondeportation
I believe the Comey firing was 2 purpose. 1st to delay the investigation, 2nd, takes the focus off the secret meetings in the Oval Office.
I am a californian that is very concerned about the secret meetings trump is having on the request of Putin. More attention is required!
Amen!
Both Rosenstein and Sessions letters read as they were done in a short time, as if bannon's boy gave them ten minutes to finish and turn in.
#TRUTH We your constituents agree and so appreciate your #standingup. We need you to save our democracy!!
isnt a "document", it's a shoddily done "research"/book report written via google.  Anyone with internet could have written it
This stuff is happening so fast. Rosenstein might be telling all to Warner right now. I need to get me some popcorn.
Bad KARMA from DEMS championing the right to murder innocent unborn has grown too heavy.  It's too bad DEMS can't include pro life platform
I'd like to understand what you find troubling. Manipulation? Falsehoods? Please elaborate.
Lets wait and see what he tells tells Senior intelligence senators. Rosenstein is meeting with them now
Why?  Sessions recused himself and still played a role in firing COMEY.  Let's stop beating a dead bush.  Cannot impeach, Pence is far worse
Shut it down. Appoint Special Prosecutor. @jeffsessions can work from home in an ankle monitor til the investigation is done. #ShutItDown
Thank you Senator Feinstein!
seems time for rosenstein to appt a spec prosctr. trump/sessions using doj for politics w stmts that show intent to inflnce investgtn.
Rosenstein should never have been confirmed. Weak weasel.
Please extrapolate
thank you!
You are getting ahead of yourself....Not needed....McCabe is a good man.
That's what you said about Comey before you wanted him fired!
Why? If what Rosenstein writes is true, then it's clear Comey overstepped his role & responsibilities becoming prosecutor, judge & jury.
Trump was looking for something in writing to support firing Comey. Unfortunately, the "optics" look terrible.
Comey's problems started prior to the election cycle.
Thank you. We are counting on you to help save our democracy. One day I hope we learn what you and Sen grassley learned that day.
Shocked that you feel this way.
Thank you, Because of Republican control it may be up to journalists to uncover the truth.
Put your partisan politics aside. Rosenstein never called for the firing of Comey and today made the White House explain what truly happened
Get SCOTUS to act as the independent commission.  This is simple.
Congress needs to recuse itself.  Idiots.
No tolerance for any compromise in our judicial branch.none. We are a nation based on law. Must clean house and protect!
It took you that many times?
Thank you for speaking out and pushing for independent investigation!  We the People depend on you, and appreciate your efforts!
You can read it a hundred times you still won't get it
why do we need a special prosecutor when you said this last week
Nobody cares what you or your marginal party wants you will tell any lie necessary. You should be ashamed of yourself
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you for your persistence and determination to get the truth Senator
Me, too, Senator.
Right on!
