Then why are 2 homeless vet centers closing in Wisconsin????
After obama did nothing for 8 years to fix it
This is one good thing that's been done
I want to see every veteran get all healthcare they  need long before we start giving Sex change surgeries!

Dianne, you've been sitting on your a z z  not doing anything for veterans for how many DECADES????? Big talker....
As they should...we need vet low income housing.
We  are beholden to our vets nonetheless dear
Worst Homeless city in the US is your town Senator!!!  SFO is lost to the Homeless-I was almost attacked on Market Street myself!
Yeah, tearing up a Catholic Fed Judge candidate seems to be higher on your list.
They need to get people on the streets to help homeless vets get access or the $ will sit there.
Unless they are Catholics
Please help us remove Trump Senator
If it wasn't for @POTUS , no one would even be talking about  veterans. They have been homeless and democrats have been in charge 8 years!
Except Catholic veterans
Really? How will you pay for it, as you, the Left run all the wage earners, businesses out of CA!? $3.50 per gallon for gas, WHY!?
Where were you for the last decade.  You have not cared one bit.  Don't vote for Feinstein.
Really then what have you been doing since 1992 ---just asking?
I live in CA
I am so shamed that Luis Guitieras embarrassed 
Gen Kelly-a goldfather a disgrace 2uniform 
Who r u ppl
Rapid mobilization of veterans with Nuclear, Biological & Chemical warfare defense training should be considered.
I'm 59 and went No Nukes in August 1979 after almost 18 months aboard USS Los Alamos AFDB-7. In light of the second nuke Missile crisis.
That a lot of bs. Dems are more worried about making life comfortable for illegal immigrants than homeless vets!
You are a big phoney you don't care about vets some of them are Christians
Why do you hate Catholics?
I agree but you can't help #homelessness without addressing Mental Health & addiction. Some don't get help cuz they don't want to quit using
#WeSupportOurPresidentTrump #MAGA Trump 45th

Could do that if we weren't pissing money away to keep illegals here
Maybe take money from the illegals and get refund from Iran of the millions Obama paid them
As if you care
Exactly true Dianne!!
Support #MedicareForAll like your constituents want and need please thx
It helps when leadership in WH is for veterans instead of trying to destroy them.
How about all the homeless in America because everyone deserves to be sheltered and treated fairly.
Wow you have a priority besides illegals?
thought you'd rather spend billions on illegals??? Make up your mind
How about bragging how much Obama REDUCED it and challenging Trump to do as well? @SenFeinstein Dems just don't know messaging. Sigh
Again you're talking about something Trump ran on that's a part of your better
GOP deal
Priority over protecting illegal aliens?
Support our laws & this will open doors & services for Vets. USA owes them more than illegals.
If it's going to raise the debt ceiling. Stop it. We will all need to sacrifice.
How long have u been up there in DC ?
need to focus on economic conditions which make it impossible for vets families to provide housing for their disabled
2/ bros sisters sons daughters aunts uncles
but not to catholics, right?
Then why are spending money supporting illegal aliens?
We respectfully ask that Senators stop focusing on individual issues until Democracy is secure w/all rights of the people in tact. #Impeach
Ending authoritarian presidency which is changing laws, removing civil rights, denying science & failing to staff Govt is higher priority.
What civil rights have been denied? I seem to be getting back my 2nd Amendment Civil Rights.
ADA is being upended this week for one, which was earned through legal precedence & Supreme Court decisions & should not be altered.
Try getting sued in a drive-by lawsuit.
The rights of people with disabilities supercede the right to bear arms. Any law put in place by Supreme Ct. should not be alterable w/o SC.
LOL! Just for shits 'n giggles I took a screenshot of your tweet.
And is that purported to be a veiled threat? For what? Advocating for the disabled? For Democracy?
It's a threat that I might start laughing again!
sound good
Please end ALL homelessness. I'm 61 & it's been four years
Feinstein you're a joke all these years that we treated the veterans poorly you sat there on your happy face letting it happen looking4 vote
You must be from an alternate reality where Feinstein is the all powerful ruler. We have these things here called other senators.
I totally agree, get your colleagues to agree with you.
There is senior living condos everywhere. How about we have vet condos. There should be and why not start. Vet condos coming to you
Too much money blown on fat govt employee pensions and illegal aliens.
Statewide rent control and just cause for evictions would help.
How about you stop subsidizing housing for illegal aliens and instead do it for veterans?
Her votes are mainly from Illegals we can't ask her that huh Lying Di!!
We probably could end veteran homelessness if we weren't spending that money supporting illegal aliens.
THIS SHOULD NOT HAPPEN. PERIOD
That is wonderful No veteran should be homeless
Need to try and house as many as you can.
Not only veterans.
Wouldn't help a veteran to see his brother or sister homeless?
Or his grown children.
