You Demos didnt show us the bill when you passes Obama.
Dems make it clear they won't agree no matter what's in it, now mad they've been removed from the equation. #consequences
Nancy Pelosi:  "We have to pass Obamacare to find out what's in it." The dems didn't even know what was in it. U guys are pathetic!
nope just back to Christmas Eve 2010 when we watched in horror as you flipped the bird at the American people
Well that explains how McConnell knew  about it
I've always been in the middle when it came to politics, but the GOP's handling of this healthcare bill/trump has assured Ill never vote GOP
Ensured rather.  In before the grammar folks get me.
Being produced in secret, a bit like the Death Star really.
So then we are the Force for good and GOP are the evil overlords.
Watch out for Don Vader
I am loyal, honest, passionate, sensual, affectionate and very playful yet I know when to be serious. I am very open minded person
Weird, I remember ACA being written under a shroud of secrecy, and you had no problems with that. I don't like this, but you're clearly fos
UR lying again.U only need look at yourself&PRTY-w/Ocare-EvenPres.O Said W/U:WE WON,U LOST&NEVER allows mtgsW/GOP!
Legitimately wonder how @SenSasse must view his own complicity with this process? I believe he is proud of his PhD in History from Yale?
Keep doing what you're doing #HoldTheFloor. Every day if you have to!
WOW,  just crazy stuff from GOP Congress leaders.  I thought the Garland snub was bad but this affecting all families in America.
This vile, secretive Republican #Trumpcare tactic is less "shining city on the hillside", and more "den of iniquity hidden in the gutter".
"we have to pass the bill so that you can find out what is in it"
Ah, about the time the Panama canal was completed.
They are very ashamed of what they're about to unleash on us.
They're not ashamed. The #GOP know if the public were aware of the bill, it wouldn't pass. They need this for permanent tax cuts.
guess he forgot about Obamacare. Not only a secret but a big fat lie.
tomorrow: all Senate historians fired. Tiffany's stylist given oversight of entire Senate history department.
Tiffany doesn't appear to be "in the familia"
well, her mom was American, so
UR lying again.U only need look at yourself&PRTY-w/Ocare-U didn't allow GOP debate R NEG.in Comm.U took oldGOPamend.W/O GOP!
UR lying again.U only need look at yourself& your shameful conduct in Ocare-behind closed doors&DID NT http://incl.GOP !
I'm surprised. I'd have thought it was never.
What arcane rule can you use to censure McConnell?
you unconstitutionally passed by reconciliation as the "PPACA", now known as "Obamacare". Was extremely secretive process.
We'll since the Democrats met I'm secret to pass Obama care in the first place. Might be right to do it again to put it out of it's misery.
Repubs are just following your example.
Actually, there was this one Bill from you Democraps in 2009, was called "Service Members Home Ownership Tax Act of 2009"
Thays laughable! "We have to pass it to find out what's in it" Nancy Pelosi
The on
Y way out of my his is to #impeach. DT & republicans won't stop on their own. They'll continue to destroy our country.
Similar to Al Capones vault isn't it nothing there no one home McConnell won't answer his calls what a joke as a leader
THREE CHEERS FOR DEMOCRATS!
Time to use your legislative brass knuckles!
Secret Bill, No press briefings, no recording allowed..so no actual record. He said--he said non verifiable official statements. Not MY USA.
"You have to pass the bill to see what is in it."  Who would ever use such a stupid line.
....or March 2010. Liars! Remember #YouHaveToPassThe BillToSeeWhatsInIt ?
Cockroaches like to work in the dark, so keep the light on them!  Hold your ground, be a hero.
you have to pass it to see what's in it
jerk, just go back to ObamaCare - passed with parliamentarian tricks
Unacceptable Today! 

WW III soon coming? 

It's High Time 4 the Great N-ACA & #Trussia Reveal!

#UAT is going on?

@housegop @senategop
No 2009. Nancy Polosi "you got to pass the bill to see what's in it." Quit damn lying.
The is a @GOP divisive agenda deliberately created by the R leaders.
Short term memory fading ... how about ObamaCare
He'll find somebody that needs the money or has a bunch already and run it like a real estate deal to profit themselves somehow.
Actually Lyndon Johnson's appropriations for expanding 1965 Vietnam forces were pretty secret; we know how that turned out
@KamalaHarris @timkaine thank you for truly representing. I'm stuck with compromised @SenatorBurr @ThomTillis #HoldTheFloor
Let them work.
@StevenMWolfe3 which historian? or is he an anonymous source?
@StevenMWolfe3 politicians just make stuff up. How do you sleep at night. Oh so sorry, special interest.
I back #TrumpCare but with the backing of high ranking democrats that can speak on behalf of many other democrat senators #CNN
"We have to pass this bill to learn what's in it," eh, Senator Frankenfeinstein?
This needs to be repeated often to the press to get the word out- shows who the REAL abusers of power are!
#HoldTheFloor
@SenSchumer  @SenateDems #HoldTheFloor I STAND WITH THE DEMOCRATS!
Can u pls explore Olympia snowe to speak out on this?
That's implore
That's around the time Donald was a teenager right?
#GOP sold us to the #Russians for #30PiecesOfSilver. For filthy lucre! #Resistance #SomethingWickedThisWayComes #BeAfraid  #RussiaGate
#ShowUsTheBIll! GOP has totally perverted the fundamentals of democracy. Have used majority in congress to impose autocracy over democracy.
So true that it's sick.
Counting on courage from Senate Dems .@SenDuckworth @DickDurbin #healthcareforall
No, @SenFeinstein we only need to go back to when Nancy said u have 2 sign it b4 u know what's in it. Obama held y'all hostage b4 Christmas
Power is the worse sin
Why can't you ask to see it! Do you all work in secret? Then we can't have none of you leading our country!
or just look at how Russia operates
As I sit in the ICU waiting for my husband to go into surgery, I am appalled that GOP plan to take away peoples healthcare for tax cuts.
Seems about right. After all, it's the @GOP's goal to take us back in time
Or to Obamacare
It's a freaking health bill. Unless they've planned a citizen Purge style program into it, not much else can be made worse.
"Pass it to see whats in it."
So what is everyone going to do about it? There r 2 many games in DC. I hold an MBA & the dumbing down demand of politics is contemptible.
Hard to believe such hatred for American People exists
#GOPMOSTCORRUPTPARTYEVER
no, just go back to when the Dems pushed obamacare. “you have to pass the bill before you can read what’s in it.”  was that you or Pelosi@
Feels like we are back there for this and so many other reasons
Let's face it this is only to give tax breaks to millionaires off the backs of suck  children and parents. Who are we? Not America ?
You forgot obamacare
If they're up for reelection, #ShowUsTheBill or we'll show you the door.
Maybe they don't have one. They can't figure it out but don't dare ask for help.  Either way @GOP U R MAKING PEOPLE VERY ANGRY!
Why, why does this have to pass? What is going on? This just isn't right.
Please be specific about your plans to combat this reprehensible behavior! Are you willing to participate in a slow down or what?
I knew turtle man McConnell would have something to do with this. Someone push his ass down the stairs.
@mdrfl resist Senator!!!
Filibuster by amendment then!!!
It's better then just passing it to see what's in it  at least a little more is going into it @SenFeinstein
Senator, THANK YOU FOR YOUR HARD WORK!  I'm in New York state but I am so proud to have you as a Senator for all Americans! YOU ARE AWESOME!
Saboteurs .@SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @GOP Congress secretly jamming #TrumpCare - Tax Break 4 Rich thru Senate. Repealing ACA = MALFEASANCE.
Do something.  Don't allow this to happen
The Majority of Americans support Single Payer #MedicareforAll
wait, don't you have to pass it before we can find out what's in it?  isn't that how this works?  @NancyPelosi
The liberties of a people never were, nor ever will be, secure, when the transactions of their rulers may be concealed from themPatrickHenry
But We Just Go Back To 1978
To Find A Senate Candidate Who Would Have
Fried The GOP In Their Own Pan:

#HarveyMilk

He Should Have Your Job.
look how that turned out
Source plz?
I appreciate ALL you are doing with this adversarial Congress.  Please remain our advocate for sensible legislation. Thx.
Thank you for standing against this.
I'm not a historian, but I'm sane enough to remember the DISASTROUS writing of Obamacare & NO ONE reading it be4 being passed! Pelosi admits
UNREAL!!!
The Patriot Act?
The Woodrow Wilson admin. Good times
Hmmmm. What does he say about a whole party adopting "Resist" as a focus and a strategy?    Persuasive way to get invited in!
Lambs to the slaughter.
Don't understand how it can pass.
Me neither which oddly makes me more fearful
McConnell had polio. Where would he have been without medical care. H is pathetic and inhumane.
Didnt know Obama care was passed during ww1?
Utterly despicable. #ShowUsTheBill
If you have to do it in secret, maybe you shouldn't be doing it at all.
Right, Obama was all about secret meetings. Get real as the American people are much smarter that your pathetic politicians.
It should not be legal.
WHY DIANE? WHAT IS GOING ON? WE ARE FALLING APART! SOS
diane, demo-rats are obstructionists. people need healthcare. wish we had YOUR HEALTHCARE. LIVING OFF THE GOVT DIME ARE YOU?
Well POTUS is trying desperately to take the U.S. Back to the WWI era. Sad sad situation. Keep up the good work and keep fighting.
You seem stuck on one note, there ma'am.
Like you're obsessed. Rabidly obsessed.
#VOTEARAMA
CALL YOUR SENATORS!  Demand they #ShowUsTheBill, Save ACA and not let 13 white men secretly determine health care for all but themselves!
That's exactly where USA  is headed.
A representative @NancyPelosi said,  “we have to pass the bill so that you can find out what is in it.."
Bull
Seriously? Selective memory? She absolutely said this when ACA was presented and the tables were turned.
Ever wondered whey you'r in your post? Well you have the fight of your life on your hands. Go Get them!
It's worse than not even allowing Congressional members view the entire thing, unedited, & not behind locked doors such as the TTP? That bad
Who?
Projection by democrats. Here Diane let's break it down for you. Citizens don't have to buy government healthcare if they don't want it.
funny how your brain can go back to ww1,but fails to go back less ten 10 years ago,to had to pass to read it,funny funny
You also have to go back 45 years since a President's staff was preparing for his possible resignation. Odd times...
I hate to break it to you. But psychopathic people don't resign or back down. They get worse.
so this is not a strategy commonly used by dems?
Add 1,000s of amendments pls.
the Georgia DoD budget doubled in 2016 related to this w/ unprosecuted 18 USC 2340 / 1113 felonies, its all stolen Trade Secrets / IP theft.
@SecretService please investigate everything related or forward to a functioning LEO, the @FBI is broken, we want felony criminal charges.
Absolutely unacceptable. Trump & republicans are governing like dictators-c'mon 2018!
And Obamacare. U have to pass it to see what's in it @NancyPelosi
It's called keep the leaking, slimy demagogues OUT. That's what happens when opposition parties become resistance parties Dems EARNED this
Does that same historian have any procedural tricks/tips to offer? Instead obscure early 20th century trivia. COME ON DIANNE!
@USCBO beware large numbers of "secret payees" massive corruption is related to this, we need to audit it, people need to be put in prison.
Imagine if Dems were doing that, GOP would have a meltdown & shutdown the gov! GOP are pure scum in fancy suits while holding bible.
And they did indeed shut down the government!  People were working without pay...insane...outrage...
Probably have to pass it so we can see what's in it. Now where have I heard that before?
Probably someone quoting someone out of context to make a sensationalist headline to earn some ad revenue.
Don't lie to people and try to make them think that Obamacare was some secret bill - it had months of open debates and amendments.
The answer to that is not to write something in secret and ram it into law
Didn't the fine former speaker of the house say we'll have to pass it to find what's in it. Doesn't sound very open to me.
Are you asking how many open hearings Obamacare had over how many months before it was signed? It's around 100 over 6+ months.
Any evidence of a #RussianTrumpCollusion yet!?
Ask brad parscales after robert mueller has a chat with him
please stop  hate and fake news please stop encouraging freeloaders stop money running out
Liar. #Obamacare 2008. "You have to pass it to see what's in it."
#ShowUsTheBill? We don't want your input and your approval isn't required.
We had over a hundred hearings on the ACA in the 18 months up to vote. I'm sure that escaped your attention.
Don't be silly
Very telling! And accurate. Part of a bigger picture.
