Yes indeed !
Are you voting to approve this appt? https://call.cpdaction.org/co/block-randal-quarles …
Trump wouldn't want #taxreform unless it helped the top 1%. And anything that widens the gap between the 99% and the 1% is BAD for the USA
A 4% decrease won’t effect working families. Reducing Corp tax will help stimulate economy bringing more jobs to working families. #putz
I know that you sincerely oppose Trump, Senator, and I´m with you all the way. The big problem though, is his very presence. Get rid of him.
-I agree, BUT the top 1% DO PAY 70% of the Income Taxes in this country! The bottom 50% of earners pay only 2.9% of the Income Taxes!
and make it easier.
Forget taxes, forget HC and get POTUS out of the WH now. We won’t live long enough for HC or tax reform.Get it together and #IMPEACHMENTNOW
The only reson your still in the SENATE is so you can BILK TAXPAYERS by giving CONTRACTS to your OLE MAN...GET OUT of OUR SENATE!
HOW DARE YOU & OTHERS criticize a Judicial NOMINEE because of her RELIGION! Would YOU criticize A MUSLIM for worshiping ALLAH?
The CHIP program has expired w/o a vote to reestablish it. Is congress going to do anything about that? Children's lives are at risk.
You're just full of crap, you don't want to help anyone, you just want to stay in power... tell the truth for once!
the goal of 30 free US States is to bury Marxist Dem tyranny and Hippie scat by 2018/20 and start over with Zero-based budgeting.
We notice how you are too weak, too owned, to raise taxes on the rich. That's why we are going to get rid of you and all Dems like you.
Oh, you mean like the gas tax in our state. That really helps everyone.
Such hypocrisy by you and your Democrats colleagues in Sacramento
Tax facts: Top 10% (Income > $133,000) made 47% of all the money & paid 71% of all income taxes in 2014. (latest yr avail. Source: Tax Fndt)
#NotOnePennyMore the goal of government should not be to make people comfortable in poverty or to burden working families with obscene taxes
The 1% are not the evil people of this country. They create jobs and help the middle class of which I am a part of.
Is there any Republican Senator other the @SenJohnMcCain who cares about the middle class? the poor?
-John McCain doesn't know what he is doing?Due to illness, McCain has lost his mental capacities! He should step down!
What's your excuse?
Diane have you been listening to anything Mike Pence has been saying this is for the working class tax cut so that they can be Advanced.
.@vp Mike who did these people work for I mean you just explained it last week
Last time we checked you are the 1% Dianne. I represent the middle and you need to go.
No, the goal should be to grow the economy and to bring back businesses from overseas.
So true...It seems it is always about the wealthy. ..American people are tired of the same old corruption
-Yes, wealthy 1% like Pelosi,Bank Fraud Bernie, Hillary & Bill Clinton & of course G. Soros!The Dems have been feeding tax $ to them 4 yrs!!
What is your net worth senator?
The goal of tax reform is to reign in he overweight tax money coffers of the Federal Govt. & cut Democrats reckless spending.
Same line Dems. Remember who had the White House all these years? Don't you feel a bit guilty to continually tote this line to dupe people.
feinstein has voted before to repeal the death tax and the gop tax reform repeals the death tax
"working families" are the grocery store clerk, the bank teller, the school bus driver these folks are angry/denied opp 2 b middle class.
You democrats have not been helping working families for 8 years. Country 1st.
The goal of a tax reform should be helping the economy.  Government produces NOTHING!  It just takes.  The economy produces opportunity!
Sing it, sister!
Help the 1 % and they'll provide those jobs to help the rest of us. Thank you for your thoughts but they're misguided.
Working families = pretty much everyone, including rich people. Didn't they work?
If the 1% create more jobs it will help working families.
So communist of you. In other words the proletariat vs bougouise.
Can’t you be honest just once!
So ashamed of our government!
#Do the Tax Reform over!
This kind of class warfare is poison. No group of people should be demonized, no matter who they are.
the goal should be to balance the budget
I agree but it appears this plan rewards the top 1%
Exactly and that is what President Trump is doingwhy are you and all your colleague's millionaire's as 'servants' of the USA?DTS
RT if you AGREE: Resignation isn’t enough. Tom Price owes the U.S. government and taxpayers $1 million dollars. He must pay back every cent.
You seem to forget that YOU are part of the top 1%
Power and greed.
That’s your motto for the entire country isn’t it madam senator? Not one more penny for the American people. All you care for is control....
GOP’s only goal is a last ditch effort to fatten up their retirement accounts fleecing America’s safety net, before they lose their seats.
Official and Unofficial Wars are costing $150 to $200 BILLION per year! Eliminating Bush tax cuts and military toys F22/F35 would help!

The goal of the esteemed Senator should be to grow the US economy by reducing tax RATES.  Can u grok that, Madame????
Spread the word! Shout it from the rooftops. Not one penny more!
Time to go
And his tax cut is helping the middle  class. Why complain, ur the 1%, so let him help us.
That’s NOT a Tax Reform plan !! That’s a tax cut for the Rich ONLY!! He’s not Regan, and I’m not republican, but he would never get close!!
Fool
Wow you can not even say middle class do what's best for the country not you
"This" is not a "military deception operations" anymore. @AONNRecords
Wow Senator did you bother to read the proposed tax plan? Apparently not!
They haven't published it in BIG print yet.  She needs to vote first and read it later
GET A GRIP AND STOP DRINKING THE KOOL-ADE. WHAT YOUR SAYING IS THAT JFK SPOKE FROM WHERE THE SUN DON'T SHINE ABOUT THE SAME TX REFORM.
Only the buyer EVER pays the seller's INCOME tax. So why do you lie to your constituents?

https://www.brainout.net/downloads/wma/Taxes101.MP3 …

#taxes
Democrats are communist masquerading as defenders of the poor and middle class
Tax cuts across the board are good for everyone. Stop the class warfare nonsense. Grow economy everyone wons. Get on board. #keepyomoney
Except they"re not tax cuts across the board, troll. They're tax cuts for the rich.
We'll work WITH Senate Finance Dems and GOP you Nattering Nabob of Negativism.
Spare the same rhetoric phrase.
We all know
YOU ARE THE 1%.
At least something is getting done to help ppl instead of food stamps, unemploy
So she knows what she’s talking about and unlike the GOP 1% is fighting for you
It is. @SenFeinstein needs to learn math or how to read better.
All your talking Senator, take action.  Your job is to enact legislation.  Do something to help Americans instead of talking.
There are a lot of goals tax reform. If you believe the top 1% should be paying more than get in there and fight for it.
Corporate tax rates from around the world. Check out . Unacceptable. https://home.kpmg.com/xx/en/home/services/tax/tax-tools-and-resources/tax-rates-online/corporate-tax-rates-table.html …
They don’t pay and are lobbying to keep the loopholes because they might have to actually pay taxes. Unacceptable.
Time to close the loopholes, so small businesses and corporations are on an even playing field.
Small businesses are complaining that big businesses are getting more in terms of tax incentives then they are the"backbone of the economy"
not the top 1 percent like DEM supporters: gates, bezos, buffett, musk, cuban, zuck, page, brin, ......
Omg the rhetoric helps no one. Why is it always used?
True
Two six year terms is more tha. Enough. There must be limits   Must be. Two six year terms is long time
How about if you can't navigate California freeways yourself you can't be our Senator.  Driving test tomorrow
DT lies thru his teeth today. There shif be laws against thT kind of fraudulent talking. No tax deal. Until it’s made for the real people
Is eliminating medical expenses deduction in the plan? I spend 4500/m 4 Dementia care w no $ leftover to pay taxes
That's why the Presidents tax plan helps the middle class and NOT the rich.  Why don't you know that?  More liberal lies???
Which republicans get this concept. Lets start contacting them.
And what about Social Security?  That hasn't gone up in years, but the cost of goods has. The most vulnerable are left to suffer silently.
By the way California is highest taxed state in nation.  Why is that?
So change for working class Americans and not for life long politicians like yourself
#NotOnePennyMore!
Tax reform helps everyone, especially working class Americans
Isn't it way too early in our economic recovery to be cutting taxes?  Our supposed 3 trillion dollars in growth dims in comparison to debt.
Of course you have no clue what you are talking about. As usual. Not even sure how you got elected. But you will not get re-elected.
Here's a plan:  EVERYONE pays, and everyone pays the same percentage.  The top 1% pays about 40% of the bill.
the top 1 percent pay 10 percent of all federal taxes and the top 10 percent of Americans pay 70 percent of all federal taxes.What fo u pay?
25 years in public service pays well.
Priceless! When somebody in public service worth $70 million, with 25 yrs to fix a problem criticizes someone who is actually trying. SMDH!
#CareerPoliticians multimillionaire Diane Feinstein in the Senate for 25 YEARS. Net worth $70 million. Tell us more about the 1%. 
Green Privilege!


Financial disproportions thrive everywhere in today's world, but in some places it is much more disproportionate than others.
Tax reform helps those who actually pay taxes. Top 10%, pay 30% of Fed income taxes, top 30% pay 70%. Bottom 50% pay 0%.  #TaxCutsNow
LIBERALS SO QUICK 2 JUDGE BUT WHEN U LOOK AT UR OWN PARTY U SEE MANY EXAMPLES OF ILLEGAL BEHAVIOR YET U JUST KEEP SPEWING UR HYPOCRISY NICE
EDUCATE YOURSELF, UR SHEEP FOLLOWING THE LEFT,SO MANY GLARING EXAMPLES OF HYPOCRISY YET YOU KEEP MARCHING TO THE BEAT OF THEIR DRUM WAKE UP!
B**** Please! You don't care about working families. You are wealthy. You know nothing.
Yes Dianne, if one successful, wealthy person receives $.01 more, we should cancel all benefits for the middle-class. Yeh, that's brilliant!
@SenFeinstein of SF, CALIFORNIA,
You shouldn't target or blame people based on an income or status.  Doesn't sound like a party that preaches "equality."
Oh shut up unless you gave constructively contributed to the plan, Dianne.
No it's about boosting the economy. Everyone needs tax relief. Funny how you will make up lies to not give the middle tax relief we need.
The news gets more depressing by the day. How do we ever get out of this mess?
Tax cuts across the board are good for everyone. Stop the class warfare nonsense. Grow economy everyone wons. Get on board. #keepyomoney
Tom Yu can’t read. The tax deal is only for the top 2 pct. and
Thevwealthy who want to eliminate estate tax. In some cases poor people will pay more chek it. DTLied thru his teeth.
This is a big issue. When the top 1% or 2% get tax breaks while the average taxpayer worries about working more only to be taxed more.
Tax reform under Trump will help Trump.

Prove me wrong here Susan..the top 1% pay 10 percent of all federal taxes and the top 10% of Americans pay 70% of all federal taxes.
Says the 1 percenter.!
PRESIDENT TRUMP'S TAX REFORM : LOWERS TAXES FOR WORKING AMERICANS : GENERATES ECONOMIC GROWTH & OPPORTUNITIES : A GREAT PLAN
U know it is but cant accept anything gop or trump. Resist and obstruct ....and america suffers. Shame on u.
Feinstein you're a multi-millionaire Dem who always tells American people what they should believe and what they should think new leadership
If Einstein were half honest she would say she wants to raise taxes on everyone so she can spend the cash on her personal ideas.
If your concerned with working families then please do something about the illegal gas tax in your home state but you could care less right
#NotOnePennyMore I work 2 children/husband and autistic grown man & earn Over 60k no healthcare since high premiums/deductibles obamacare.
Helping the top % does help working families, the top earners are the job creators. Money can't trickle up from the poor. It trickles down
Middle class will pay more must not eliminate SALT deduction 25% for middle class is no break @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan @RonWyden
Stop trying to deceive people you hypocrite. You are part of the top 1%
I work 2 children/husband and  autistic grown earn Over 60k and no healthcare since high premiums and deductibles obamacare.#wrongfeinstien
Wrong - The goal of tax reform is to get Americans out of the poverty that your socialist democratic party created! #MAGA by the Mfg. Engine
Absolutely! Unfortunately @RepJoeWilson ("You lie!") always votes to protect his donors--the 1%. #JoeNeedstoGo
It should be, but it's not
The Oval Office should lead US, but it doesn't
Strange winds are blowing in these times
#TrumpRussia #TrumpTaxes
25th Amendment comes to mind and must be top priority! HE IS NOT CAPABLE in running our country what so ever and more clueless outside US!
Well played staffer. Now please arm her with an actual plan that has bipartisan support. #nothelping
tax cuts paid for by trickle down? HEARD THAT BEFORE. Does not work. Trickle down is rich pissing on anyone under them.
Tax cuts payed for by you getting a job.
Only a bot would reply this stupidity
Possibly, the first time we agree!
Californians tax code is set up the same way. Tax reform for California
Cohen said today av mid class will save enough on trump tax to buy a new car. Maybe 1\2 used yugo. Top 1% can buy 10 bentleys
You mean it's not to bleed Californians of every last dollar?  Because that's what you Dems are doing to us!! Thanks #SenatorFeinstein #CA
Who wants to get rid of the state tax deduction?
They want to you believe it's about the 1%, listen for yourself https://youtu.be/2d-xoCxk0YI 
Sophia it is only for the 1 pct.  don’t be blind and stupid read it     Yu are blocked
Term limits
Everybody agrees except the GOP they must be in the 1%
Denise the majority of top 1% are democrats don't be fooled by your own party
Be honest you are also in top 1%
When has That worked  Since Reagan ?
https://youtu.be/2d-xoCxk0YI  the democrats really praying this doesn't pass because the American ppl will see they've been using us as a slave
Democrats really praying this doesn't pass because it will hurt the middle class...... trumptard.
Please speak out publicly against Benczkowski confirmation and announce date of vote. Thank you. #nullify2016
Last time we did massive 1% tax cut - we had surplus. Now they want even bigger. We have 3 major areas of country that need rebuilding 1/2
Are still in 2 long term wars and JUST recovered the Econ after the last tax cuts pres collapsed it. NO rich fuckers tax cuts. 2/2
Thank you @SenFeinstein proud to have you represent me as a Californian, an American and as a woman. 
Wow you need to raise the bar and expectations
Read it and decide for yourselves, don't listen to any politicians.
