maybe it's time to bring a class action civil suit against representatives who are taking money from the gun lobby
Or maybe against those who take money from auto mans, since cars are involved in more deaths.
Russian's aren't too good with American English.
Stop thinking and DO SOMETHING!! You are my senator and I want gun laws now!!!
Gun laws don’t work.  Mental health reform.
Do some research.
NOBODY NEEDS AUTOMATIC WEAPONS! It's time to protect Americans not the @NRA!
Ms. Feinstein, we need laws to stop this kind of gun violence. Laws that will get these guns out of the hands of criminals and insane people.
Well, as long as you don't have to answer DACA, Tax reform, debt, Obamacare, and Antifa questions you'll take it right. Take away their guns
Yay, a mass murderer too pass gun laws, cause that will make me feel moral. We passed laws against murder and assault, they still happen.
Thoughts and prayers aren’t going to prevent another mass shooting! Force a vote on sensible gun laws instead of murmuring to yourself
I received your letter hours after this senseless tragedy
How, in a matter of hours, were you able to
determine your belief of one shooter?
Senator Dianne, what can Californians do to prevent this from happening again? Will you be voting "no" on Senate Bill 446? #VegasStrong
And what exactly will you be doing to prevent this from happening again? You are a senator! Introduce legislation!!!
Hahahaha.. THEY HAVE THE LAWS.  WILL MOT LET THEM BE INFORCED
Do something then, if you are truly for the people and mourn for them get laws passed that will restrict this from ever happening again!!!!
We have become numb long time ago, every time something like this happens the discussion starts and get us nowhere.
Mrs. Feinstein, please fight for a ban on assault weapons. Too many crazy people can do such big harm having access to such powerful guns!
What makes you think the insane follow laws?
The insane people, follow or not follow law,have a smaller chance to kill so many if they don’t have assault weapons!
Check your facts before giving quotes.This was a senseless massacre driven by sickness. Do not turn this into your platform for gun control.
With all due respect, numbness is inevitable. The American people don't care enough to actually do anything but tweet "thoughts & prayers".
I think you are one of the few non drone democrats in congress ma'am. I appreciate your thoughtfulness even if I don't always agree with you
Typical liberal opportunist ! Like a boa constrictor waiting for the next exhale to squeeze a little tighter,
The action of one can't be used to punish or control all, Your a servant hired to carry out the will of the people not dictate or regulate
What shocks me is that you are still in congess. Time to retire and move on.
WE CANNOT ALLOW THE NRA TO RULE OUR LIVES AND ROB US OF OUR ABILITY TO LIVE WITHOUT FEAR FOR OUR LIVES IN OUR COMMUNITIES.
Thinking is not enough. You are in a position of leadership. Lead!
We appreciate you @SenFeinstein
It is nice that you have an unimpeded Constitutional RIGHT to make that public statement. I have same RIGHT to protect me & mine with gun.
Typical lib leftist response to any disaster.  More gun control before the blood dries.    Can we honor those before politics
Please retire Feinstein.
Senator Feinstein, at the very least, please consider re-introducing a bill that addresses Assault Weapons. #AWB #GunControlNow
Sen Feinstein, we need to start looking into how much money goes into the pockets of politician. #POTU #GOP $53 Mill from NRA to GOP. Sick.

WE THE PEOPLE
demand a Gun Control Debate NOW.

#WTP…

IF EVERYONE IN THE UNITED STATES IS REQUIRED TO CARRY A GUN ON THEIR PERSON IN ORDER TO WALK FREELY IN OUR STREETS, WE ARE NOT FREE AT ALL.
You think we are now with all the racist democrats lies to everyone.be thankful we have guns when all your muslim terrorists arrive
WHAT KIND OF DRUGS ARE YOU ON CUPCAKE?
It took u less than 12 hours after Vegas shooting to release this statement.  Where is ur response #NYCTerroristAttack ? Support travel ban.
Senator, what ARE the circumstances of this shooting?
you voted for his military expense bill. You're part of the problem. look in the mirror. You're killing us
http://www.latimes.com/nation/la-las-vegas-shooting-live-updates-congress-unable-to-pass-firearm-1506964271-htmlstory.html … VOTE NO! Stop with empty Prayers and Condolences. PUT HUMAN LIFE BEFORE GUNS!
We don't need days to learn more. We need to act now. The problems have existed for years. Do something to correct them.
When are you introducing a bill? #constituent
#GUNCONTROL
Like Hillary and all progressives politicize tragedy and wrap it in empty compassion. Can't believe you.
How he got machine guns can be answered. Why? That can't be answered. Real evil that will always find a way to destroy lives. No law stops.
Shameless! Not the time for agenda campaigning. I refuse to discuss your gun agenda in the midst of my grief and mourning.
Now it will be about gun control.  So the only ones who will have guns are criminals. We know that, but you don't care.
We have to get use to it you politicians do not want to secure our safety you do not care about us.  We get it.
as expected. 
 Today at 7:08 PM Sorry, we were unable to deliver your message<senator@feinstein.senate.gov  CA voter
Feinstein is unresponsive to her voters who are for Single Payer and those who disagrees with her. Time for change.
Why no tweeting about the SHARE ACT. Congress may vote next week. It deregulates gun silencers & armor-piercing bullets. Tell reps NO
@SenFeinstein = insincere hypocrite!  As a long time opponent of gun control, YOU are part of the problem and your statement is pure b/s
Sad part of the sad part in vegas! Know 40,000 people know what it's like to be Iraqi during the invasion ,Afghanistan,Syria. R. I. P.
Objects are not evil people are! Shooter used multiple rifles so non-standard 10rd magazine vs standard 30rd magazine made no difference!
Real way to prevent evil from doing evil is to change the heart of man by trusting, believing, & living principles & values of Jesus Christ.
Gee thanks-I was waiting all day for your meaningless BS and platitudes.  Way to deliver!
THIS IS EXACTLY WHY NO MORE Immigrants IN OUR COUNTRY. THIS 6R YEAR OLD MAN WAS TAKEN IN BY ISIS AND KILLED ALL THESE PEOPLE.NO MORE
Sadly I believe we will see more if this because TRUMP is trying to get Americans to fight!  He is the cause of this nightmare!
Compare gun related deaths to drug overdose deaths, even skewing the numbers with suicides, guns don't come close to drugs.  #priorities
We need comprehensive gun control legislation not more empty apologies and platitudes. NRA or American lives. Choose now.
Too late. Already numb to it. Why? Because we KNOW our fellow Americans love guns more that human lives and we’ll continue to do this.
I remember the 101 California massacre and the https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Federal_Assault_Weapons_Ban … that followed. Let's do it again. Thx!
Senator, please notify your colleagues that Republicans I know are fed up with the shootings & NRA. Please pass an assault weapons ban.
Ban murder... same result.
Let's stop leaving it up to Congress. Let the American people vote on gun control. #Iwontbackdown
Let the blood dry first, then go for the guns of law abiding people.
Was the shooter on meds?
You should stop patting yourself on the back. You've been in office long enough to address the many issues behind mass murder. You fail.
sick to start already Who obtains weapons and acts out these horrific actions CRIMINALS It'll do nothing disarming law abiding citizens
Dianne - now tell me is it the gun that killed the people or is it the individual
You have ALWAYS been there for us on gun issues Dianne. Thank you for DECADES of advocacy
yes and calif sucks

TODAY trump should issue a stop on any automatic gun and high capacity ammo until this sorted out! @realDonaldTrump makes good EO.
SENATOR HOMELAND SECURITY HAVE A CENTURY OF AMMUNITION !WHY? THIS WAS PLANNED LIKE SOME OF THE OTHER INCIDENTS!
I can not tell you how sick I am of these hollow words said over and over again from you and others in government. Actions speak louder than words madam, I suggest you DO SOMETHING about this.
SENATOR THEIR GOAL FOR US TO REMOVE OUR PROTECTION SO THEY CAN TAKE OVER !AND CONTROL US LIKE SHEEP! WHY DOES HOMELAND SECURITY HAVE A ++++
We're counting on you to take a loud and powerful stand for gun control today. Call out the cowards who let this madness continue.
Then stop spewing hate...
I honestly don't care.. you need to stop easy access to guns and until you do nothing matters.
What will you say when we learn HE was a liberal left wing crazy attacking people he believed to be conservative by virtue of country music!
Why is it ok for people in our country to have assault weapons? Flat wrong.
To fight the UN. WHEN Obama TRIES TO GET THEM OVER TO TO OVER RUN AMERICA... NEVER
FORGET THOUGHTS AND PRAYERS THAT WONT STOP THIS. We need laws and licenses and psych tests and a big dump to put assault weapons into.
Hasn't worked in Chicago or California so well....
That's all so typical of you @SenateDems and Liberals as a whole, Dianne, never let a good crisis go to waste, oh how Rahm Emanuel of you.

Gun legislation is need NOW!  Ban manufacture, sale & possession of all automatic weapons & open carry laws.
Never miss an opportunity to score political anti gun points. Meanwhile the same cops that you call brutal ran toward the gunfire.
@god @jesus @Pontifex @santaclaus @davidpetreaus58 @Martin_Dempsey @cancEl all metal metal works wood woodworks garbage paper brooms sticks
Thank you @SenFeinstein bet being one of those who actually does want to vote to end gun violence.
The United States needs stricter gun laws not Thoughts and Prayers.
Agreed.

Enough! It's time for Congress to act. Vote NO on senate bill 446
Let's do more than "think deeply" let's pass gun control laws
Why do politicians always feel they have to make statements?????  Sickening!!!!
Thank you for this thoughtful statement that I'm sure coincides with what many of us are feeling now.

.ARE YOU REALLY THAT OBLIVIOUS?! WHEN A CRIMINAL WANTS TO KILL HE OR SHE WILL GET A GUN REGARDLESS WHAT LAWS ARE! Criminals kill NOT GUNS!
The same as an indiscriminate shooting,  there was  " A Wolf among Sheep"  My Thoughts and Prayers as yours ; @SenFeinstein of SF, CALIF
.How dare you! You & your @DNC friends are unbelievable! Let's hold up those that lost loved ones! You are so sick!
.I cant believe that you wld actually sink so low to go political! What about ppl that are pro gun rights that may have had lost someone?!
Time for #GunSafety laws is NOW. Nothing else can stop #terrorism & slaughter of innocents #ThoughtsAndPrayers don't help. #LasVegasShooting
Police are becoming more militarized and dangerous to the public. Address it!
THEY NEED TO SO MANY BLMS and others Trying to kill THEM .  THEY NEED A SHOOT AND THEN ASK QUESTIONS ORDER
America is LIVID at Liberal traitors who are selling the SOUL of our country. Eliminate the SOURCE of evil vs the symptoms? It takes brains.
Make your comments to Hayley gold of CBS news
Dear mrs. Feinstein no matter what you say you will always be a stupid b**** who has zero respect for the Constitutional rule of law and the Second Amendment
Uh oh, sounds like Feinstein’s dumbass assault weapons bill will be back to fail again.
PRAYERS??? Senator.....your Dogma is showing!!! By your own definition you are rendered unfit to make a rational decision.

You are part of the problem.
You support not following laws in your blasted sanctuary cities where illegals kill.
Enforce our laws!!
Because of govt like her, my family now gets to attend a funeral for a friend while her husband hopefully will be out of hospital from shot.
Ummm so you want to make illegal weapons what....More illegal? How about waiting to get the facts before insinuating the solution
Words Senator. Too many words.  Action is required. Time to call out your colleagues on the NRA payroll.
@SenFeinstein, I appreciate your thoughts, but would have been grateful for more specificity about passing actual gun control laws.
Lets wait for analysis before proposing any gun control solutions.
We need an answer. Do lives or guns matter more. If there is not gun laws for safety then let them pull the trigger and own the choice
Thoughts and paraders are w victims- as A Dem let Teoybkucans handle this one- introduce no gun legislation
Can't wait s day to lobby your gun control, poor leader
#guncontrolnow now now now now now now now now now now now now now - demand your leaders! #powerofthepeople
Especially in light of this tragedy, please vote against any gun silencer legislation.  Thank you.
Where have you been on the mass murders in the inner cities with Black on Black?  They don't matter? It's called evil without morals
You are taking a tragic event into politics ..sick too even state this. How about trucks that kill massive amount of people like Germany ?
#GunControlNow
Hey Dianne, This was another fake, staged shooting drill using paid crisis actors. This is all about "Gun Control" and enslaving us via NWO!
Republicans support the NRA as the gun carnage continues in the United States. Nothing is ever done about guns.
Shame u can't put politics aside long enough to try to unite the country.  U forget that u try this after every shooting and always fail.
Not strong enough! Take action. No automatic high ammo guns! No silencers! Gun Control Now!
What are you doing to help prevent something like this happening again? And again, and again as it has been? That should have been included in your statement, Senator
Democrats always have to tie a tragedy to their rhetoric. The problem here is mental health and obviously tall buildings
Diane, we've been thinking deeply for decades now. I implore you, do more than think. Act. Work with the rest of congress to save lives.
#Socialist #AirKisses
Again, Sadly, the shooter was a disgruntled mentally unstable Democratic.
well said.
Future shootings are certain to occur, keeping gun laws is secure way to ensure such shootings. What then will be Congress' responsability?
Murders will happen until evil is gone. Look at Chicago strictest anti gun laws in this nation. Highest gun fatality rate...
What you want more refugees you want more illegals you want more votes you need to go it's time this is all happened on your gang watch
Thank You....greatly better than "Warmest Condolences" from our Leaderless Chief
CRAM IT DEMOCRAT LOOSER
YOU WIN ! Never waste a catastrophe! Woundering who would be the first Dem to jump on the band wagon? Nothing about mental health. LOOSER !
Please ask them how would it have gone on the practice field last June if that nut had had a silencer.  Ban silencers.
CAN YOU LEAVE POLITICS OUT OF IT FOR AT LEAST A DAY? WAIT FOR THE FACTS!
Maybe when WE stop spending so much on war and spend more on peaceful initiatives - The US will be Congruent - you cant have it both ways

Easy acquisition Senator?  Are you referring to the NFA process or the illegal acquisition?
Banning Guns won't do anything to people who don't follow the law. Next you'll want to ban Trucks, Knives and maybe baseball bats.
Abolish gun ownership.
Then, after the Civil War...

To all who tweet #GunControlNow , the weapon used was full auto,which has been banned since May 19,1986. More laws wouldnt have stopped this
Same thing was said after Sandy Hook
Let's have a bill
NO MORE POLITICAL BASHING.  Use #remembervegas  It's not about them, us, middle, right, left.  They died listening to music. FIX THIS!

What is the significance of this.
When will congress pass a comprehensive gun control bill.
should an individual have the right to obtain the type of power that can kill 58 people and injure 515 others from 475 yards in 20 mins?
Thank you Senator for not being political and I urge your other Democrat colleagues to do the same
I trust that if the House passes the SHARE ACT aka the Silencer Bill, you will do all you can in the Senate to block it. Thx in advance! 
Read the shooter is a registered democrat. Maybe you guys should stop your lies and hate mongering.
We all are fatigued; knowing that if Sandy Hook didn't change things, nothing will. Even you just sound tired Diane. What now?
You of all people know the answer to this tragedy. Sponsor a new assault weapons ban today.
Yes, thank you. In what ways are you going to work for us to make sure this never happens again?
Senator, this was #Terrorism. I wish your statement used the word. Anything less is unacceptable.
DOES SHE PLAN TO ANNEX NEVADA, now that the prices are steeply diving?  ?? CA & Nevada-not that close.
You think Dems should act "Fast & Furious" to control the guns getting into the hands of bad guys?
We can, we must do better!
Let’s get action on gun safety now.
Don't pray, regulate the 2nd amendment to dust!!
Lol. #StayInSchool
Why didn't you use the Antioch shooting as a rallying cry for GUN control laws?  Or even acknowledge it happened?
