Trump has no morals. Are there any grown ups left in American politics? You'd better deal with this abomination before all is lost. #Impeach
Impeach for an unconstitutional law ? DACA is for adults learn your facts , most are adults not youth . Congress makes laws not president
Impeach because he's such a peach. That's sarcasm. And you may want to check your facts about DACA. They are adults brought as children.
It's my understanding that DACA is an attempt to create a path to citizenship. Immigration built this country. I agree. Why aren't they?
Legal immigrants built the country years ago , not illegal aliens who’s parents committed a felony upon entering. This is not the same
You were very fortunate Canada let your grandparents in while they were running from whatever atrocity they had to deal with.
DACA is more for adults than for youth as the age starts at 15 into 30s. Stop virtue signalling you liar and tell facts. Most are adults
So is leaving border unprotected. Trade DACA for border wall. Win-win for everyone.
what abt the moral obligation to follow our laws.  They have had numerous years to apply for citizenship?  Why haven't they  Bcause congress
Obama made an illegal mandate now it's up to congress to do their job not the President
It's not the young people we are worried about… Keep their families out until they come in illegally like the rest of the world
You and your cronies should have brought them into the light 5 YEARS AGO!
While you admit Daca is on shaky legal grounds..
DACA is entirely legal - the courts have ruled on that repeatedly.

Do not perpetuate bigoted nonsense.
Lol ok, leaving daca in limbo for another date does not constitute a win, I am a bigot tho, really
Future generations of the state's children are being traumatized for sake of funneling cash through the courts. that's failure to protect
Tell me Sen and I dislike useing Sen. for persons not capable of understanding  our Laws!   The Rule of Law . Can I break a Federal law??
no failure 2 protect unborn is moral failure.Just as ur evil views of Christianity.Its the very being that we r created.By God
Trump IS a moral failure.
As if Dianne Feinstein had the slightest idea of what constitutes a "moral failure."
Moral failure is meaningless to sociopaths. They have no morals.
morality is relative Di.  as a catholic we are not allowed to use ours according to you.
Failure to put the needs and wishes of the legal citizens of this country first,shows that you are in the wrong line of work.
This is not Trumps fault congress should have fixed this long ago....
I believe in compassion. But they also had enough time to seek citizenship as their parents did also. Protect them, pass a law.
U not only failed 2 protect youngcitizens U helped illegals steal welfare 2 undercut wages making millions of citizens & their kids homeless
Speaking of abject moral failures, your performance during Amy Barrett's confirmation hearing was reprehensible.
Now that wouild be a definition of moral that excludes God, right Senator? Interesting leadership; you think you are moral without God?
Obama's DACA is illegal and unconstitutional.  You know it too.  What a FRAUD
They wouldn't be in the shadows if they didn't illegally enter the Shining City on a Hill called !
They are not in the shadows they're using every service that I'm paying for in my tax dollars don't forget how many have criminal records
You need to read the constitution, and place blame on Obama. He created this monster

VIRAL: Shocking Photo of #DACA Recipients BURNING American Flag in Protest! – Still sympathetic? |Truthfeed  #ma4t  http://truthfeednews.com/viral-shocking-photo-of-daca-recipients-burning-the-american-flag/ …
Come out of the shadows  or closet?
Another failed Obama policy that Trump has to clean up
The abject moral failure is issuing an executive order, you know to be illegal and create this damn mess. Congress get off your @$$ & fix it
Maybe if you and the rest of Congress would get off your asses & do something concerning immigration @realDonaldTrump wouldn't have to
Still think he can be a good one?
Oh please let Ca. secede, I can't wait for you to be a Baja North politician.
Then blame Obama for bringing them out of the woodwork.
Would you have the courage to harass a Muslim judge during an appointee hearing?  You are disgraceful.
"Out of the shadows".  Nope.
You should be Sued!! Many do NOT know English and you just said "ALL" thus your entire BS Speech is a lie! You will be voted out!
God forbid...NO #DACA your American Citizen constituents SAY NO! Diane, never answers calls from her US citizens. She's a ..traitor!
Wow, you spend all your time fighting 4 foreigners while ignoring your oath you swore to protect Americans! They've been murdered UR GUILTY!
come and see our schools overloaded with public burden of non tax paying citizens
look out for american kids too ,they have dreams too
i am your constituent and a Democrat and voted you twice,. next vote will be against you if amnesty is given to any illegals
Dianne Feinstein  IS EVIL
DACA was unconstitutional and it has to go away. Where was this enthusiasm when Disney and So Cal Edison laid off 250 American off their job
Bye-bye dreamers
@alysonstover #DefendDACA Are you sure we shouldn't just be patient?
Thank for taking a stand, Senator Feinstein
Can't keep paying for this stuff...... get a loan like my boys have done!!!
SO WOULD SCREWING WITH RELIEF EFFORT TO PAY FOR HARVEY JUST TO FURTHER POLITICAL IDEAL. you need to be voted out how are you better than rep
I expect announcement of some type of plan instead of a bunch of political rhetoric Ms Feinstein. I've tweeted my idea and await a response.
Your beliefs about Planned Parenthood whose leader believes black babies R Human Weeds tells us you are the Nazi of today & a danger to USA
Your failure to support American children from MS13 & millions of foreignors who have own countries to go to is an example of what NOT 2 do!
As your constituents, we demand NO AMNESTY of any kind!! Deport them all now! Remember, u work4us not the illegals! #AmericaFirst
Why does @SenFeinstein twitter feed put old tweets first&new tweets at bottom?? Could it b anti America fraud like voter fraud?? 
"abject moral failure" on the part of the Congress
Horribly disappointed in your DACA comments.  If DACA dies, the lives of these innocents are on YOU.  #DACA
We the people need to see a public hearing with Jr now.Enough is enough.Also release transcripts.
Go away, Dianne.
You are a failure. You endorsed Antifa!!!!
RU A FAILURE
YES SIS TO RESIST NOW WOULD MAKE YOU A FAILURE
Yes,Senate and House write the Bills! U need some constitutional lessons? POTUS SIGNS THE BILLS TO MAKE LAW! GET 2 WORK! U CAN'T RESIST, LOL
Who failed people with low morals first. Congress. It should have been done by you all first of all. @POTUS is doing exactly what he should
their not young children anymore therefore do not need to be protected
these children are now adults and the program was for kids not adults therefore no longer need to be protected
Senator, why R U as white as a ghost following this meeting? U know truth about trump & the people deserve to know.
YOU didn't pay attention to Obama who said DACA was temporary,  the lazy Congress did NOTHING! 4 yrs under Obama & 8 months in 17 ZERO done.

Failure to follow the Constitution IS an abject moral failure.  Congress failed to do its job. DACA is gone.
#DACA 100 percent constitutional.
Then start protecting,  the ball is in your court now. Saw video of how you "supported" immigration reform before.
Are you still crying about having to do your job.
Yes it would be a confirmation of ELITIST GREED!
https://arionstylist.wordpress.com/2017/09/06/debunking/ …
https://twitter.com/AmericanHotLips/status/905221086442393601 …
I think Trump is giving lawmakers 6 months to fix our immigration laws so get busy.
About tim YOU do your job
Why didn't u pass a law when u had the majority. Didn't u read Obamas executive order. It had an expiration date. Do ur job! Stop crying
Quit fund raising and ALL of you need to do your job! All of you just had 5 week vacation and have done NOTHING last 8 1/2 months!!
Do your job and make legislation to protect the DACA folks who are currently here. DO YOUR JOB!!
#RecallTheGovernment   #GeneralStrike   #Resistance   #NoMoreTrumptyDumpty  #EatTheRich
It's time Democrats stop following the Trump model and stop tweeting and start organizing and acting
How about ILLEGAL Obama EO?U R giving finger 2 LEGAL applicants & unemployed citizens by allowing ILLEGALS 2 stay! U R asking more to come!
I'll wait
done. I'll just sit back and watch. If I can find and argue factual points its on y'all if DACA is destroyed!!! Knowledge is POWER
Instead of the law. Y'all letting the others play y'all like a fiddle. Damn it.
They probably knew they would lose which is why Tennessee probably dropped out!!! How can you not win this in court PEOPLE feelings involved
I couldn't agree more

Enough is ENOUGH !!

Now is Time 2 #RiseUp As A Nation & REMOVE #NotMyPresident from office & End His REIGN OF #HATE
DACA allowed them to meet the federal guidelines for naturalization. Those 10 ATTY GENERALS F'ING USED REVERSE PSYCHOLOGY ON Y'ALL AND TRUMP
Obama went rogue Again-Lied Again! Commanded DHS! Didn't like AKA #DeporterInChief & UNLAWFULLY took matters into own hands like a dictator!
Is this a manufactured crises or something. I'm just a common guy and if I can understand and COORELATE these acts n the 14th why can't yall
Wth are you legal scholars doing. Obama didn't break the law he actually enforced it with DACA. DID HE KNOW HE WAS DOING THIS? DO Y'ALL
Put the  in stone! Why did this not go to court! Stop letting them reinterpret the law thru POLITICS. Do not wait 6mths.
Starting with understanding and establishing state residency for 5 years. The DACA RULE GUARANTEED THEM NATURALIZATION AND ACCEPTING TAXES
If I can find this information then what the he'll are U all doing. I found out three different avenues for dreamers!!
He used the naturalization laws on the books to grant them stay. He didn't make up anything or go around the naturalization act!!
You all allowing pepe to reinterpret the law or laws that does not exist. Its a reason why Obama DACA WAS NEVER CHALLENGED IN COURT
That is unconsistutional if they are not state residents and they can sue the federal government. That is a separate matter though.
I just read all the laws and acts in reference to the 14th amendment. Obama did U all a favor with the rules he set plus they pay taxes
Maam, ur state can help your DACA by making them legal residents of the State which will allow them the ability to be granted naturalization
Ridiculous. They have sponged off the taxpayers for too long. No DACA
Now it's up to congress to get the deals done to do it...
Enough of your moralizing!  The abject moral failure is the pathetic performance by the Senate to pass legislation USA voted for in 2016!
#DefendDACA #SaveDreamers
That's exactly what Trump is all about - abject moral failure
Do something to help them! Talk is cheap! Help th  Dreamers or we will find a senator that can!
Yup & just think you're part of thst government ... must make you sick.
Your part of the problem. Do you want to keep giving @realDonaldTrump a chance, so you can get along with your coworkers? Time to primary U.
I hope one day Dreamers will learn about the Constitution and the rule of law!
Dianne needs to Educate her voters the rule of law and laws are not made by Obama or any other who enters The White House
DACA people deserve the opportunity to become citizens. They have passed the test of time. Fight for them.
It's illegal. Do your job and pass a law on immigration reform
Dianne knows her ignorant voters don't understand Obama's illegal EXEC Order and only way this can be settled legally by Congress
Dianne believes in the constitution so DACA goes to Congress! TY DIANNE now tell your ignorant voters it has to be placed into law
Tks Sen Feinsten for support of Dreamers; please push Dream Act to protect Dreamers who are innocent kids that contribute greatly  to US
#NODACA It is illegal. There are 10 states SO FAR suing due to its illegal and unconstitutional actions if it is approved
Failure to protect constitution and rule of law will destroy whats desirable about the country for legals and illegals alike.
Dianne you failed to protect young people and it was the Democrats with the moral failure ! 6 months fix it !!!
Moral failure. That's the pot calling the kettle black.
Well than do your job . Secure the boarder and reform immigration .
How many years have you been a senator? And just now it needs to be taken care of? Hypocrite
Moral failure was outsourcing millions of hard working Americans jobs, careers, livelihoods, benefits and retirements not protecting them
We need protection against this hateful, imbalanced, racist, cruel, amoral administration!  What can be done?
Former President Obama caused this mess. You as a senator should know presidents are to follow the rule of law. Presidents don't make laws
Are their parents all dead?
Feinstein confuses the subject with the abject...!
Go away, RETIRE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You need to get a law passed after 5 years of nothing.
Just when I thought it couldn't be more embarrassing to be an American Trump throws Declaration of Independence in the garbage.#createdequal
NO !!HE IS Trying TO GET CONGRESS TO FO THEIR JOB
Do all of us out here who is fighting this destructionist a favor...STOP HELPING HIM & HURTING US! Be smarter with the words you choose!!
Then do your job and pass a bill!  What is wrong with you people?  DefendDACA by passing a bill.
Well Di POTUS put DACA back in your court! If you hadn't wasted time on the FAKE RUSSIA STORY! DNC would not  turn over their server! DO IT!
What Obama did was unlawful and unconstitutional. Why do you support illegal foreign nationalists over Americans?
It does. Now do something.
https://twitter.com/AmericanHotLips/status/905221086442393601 …
What the hell is wrong with you senator? You stated it was legal that's why you supported it & now you say It is on "legal shaky ground"?...
DACA is UNCONSTITUTIONAL... PERIOD, END OF DISCUSSION.
The bill failed on your watch  55 / 60  yes
You blame GOP failure on this one person? Dasvidania.
better get busy. Only 6 mos to fix this. And if it's not done, trump will blame congress.
10:00pm ET  @MSNBC ch. Guest Interview @SenKamalaHarris,  as well  #DACA Sen.Dianne Feinstein of SF,California
@MSNBC The Last Word
Why aren't you talking about passing the Dream Act and what it will take? It's been on your plate since 2010! #DoSomethingDiane #DefendDACA
Because it's never gonna happen, never gonna happen, never. Boooo bop! <dancing>
Thank Obama stupid
Kinda like what u did Kate and others in your sanctuary cities
Stop the talk and act
What would you and your fellow Dems know about morals. Only thing your interested in is votes
This describes our President so well!! He says he cares but only when the camera's are on. He cares but only if the Wall is included!!
Congress should have done their work to fix this along time ago another democratic failure
Dems????  Reps have been in control for a long time
These you nag people R old enough to take action to become legal. To get HS diploma you should be a citizen
@GOP Do you really want to shrink your base to just white supremacists? Immigrants are people of all colors, ethnicity, & religions.
Such a propaganda lie, since Nazi/KKK/White Supremacy is a left wing ideology. Fighting today for their slaves (illegalvote),not surprising.
HOW LONG HAVE YOU BEEN IN CONGRESS? Why didn't you pass a law within Obama's first 2 years. Your hypocritical outrage is apparent.
Wrong again Senator. (Your) Failure to protect our border and enforce current immigration laws got us to this point. Shameful.
I've often wondered what is wrong with you
#25thAmendmentNow
Obama made the false promise... and you defend it!  You're more concerned with illegals than American citizens...time to retire!
SAVE the *Republic of Texas* & #Dreamers together. BIND THE FEDERAL $$$ to saving both.
Nope. Unconstitutional. The President does not make laws. Illegal Exec Order. Read Amdmt 14
failure to protect citizens IS A FAILURE!
Failure to acknowledge @BarackObama left a mess with a (well-intentioned) EO in place and kicking the can down the road is abject idiocy.
You should have done more to help them.
Your freekin Obama did this by not going thru Congress. President Trump just wants to make it legal and right.
Failure to protect legal Americans while you spend time protecting illegal aliens is an abject moral failure and reason for you to resign.
Please stop tweeting and go legislate a solution. #DefendDACA
How with the GOP running the whole shebang?
Work with the GOP.
Look back to 44's speech this was temporary until you nuts in Congress took on immigration! They are still illegal...fix the entire system!
We have a White House based on immorality!!
Immorality is FAKE RUSSIA, DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ! It's time 4 the HOUSE & SENATE TO DO SOMETHING LEGAL! Save the DREAMERS! Stop FAKE!!
Belive it or not Conservatives could be strong ally for these Dreamers. Most accept they should stay but want assurances NVR happen again
Moral failure would be to excuse illegal behavior for political points.  Shame on you.
Defending DACA does not address real prob with immigration and does not remove from legal limbo. DACA should advocate reform across board
Democrats haven't figured out that empty tweets followed by inaction is why Trump got elected... Do your jobs. #termlimits
We do not stand w DACA! Dems POTUS was elected bc ur Deaf 2 how most dems feel. We want US 1st! Diane ur wrng. DACA must end! No open brders
Speak for yourself. #DefendDACA #DefendDREAMers
The question is did having the AG announce it constitute a breach of his constitutional duties and if so what will congress do about it?
There's no constitutional breach more of a strategic move imagine
Well the ball is in your court..  Get to work
I am sure they feel like we tricked them in to registering just to find them to persecute. Ya know, round em up like the are less than human
Stop campaigning. You'll never be President.
Trump himself is an abject moral failure
The failure will be not getting something done so the President can sign it...it is now in your hands!
It's a moral failure to allow people to take away the American dream from actual Americans.
Before today you probably never heard of DACA. It has never hurt you or anyone you know. They pay taxes and commit no crimes.
Orange Menace and the Evil Elf strike again
https://twitter.com/AmericanHotLips/status/905221086442393601 …
Be great to get your bill passed.
Immigrants who return to Mexico will be welcomed with "open arms," Sada said, offering them assistance with work, finances and education.
It's time for you to retire! GOP is using your #DACA comment to justify ending it. 
@kdeleon for US Senate!
I wish you felt the same for actual American citizens.   You will be known as one of the architects of the end of .  #demsareevil #MAGA
Every one of your posts sounds like you are tweeting about yourself. I worked for tri-city mental health.They said there are people like u.
Are you just going to wait patiently until trump changes his mind?
Young people or children R abject incorrect descriptions.  D average age of these "children" is 25 yrs oldThey R only Dems' hope 4 votes
And what have you and other politicians done to change the laws?  DACA was not law, it was a policy.  Don't like the law?  Change it
Well, there is no abject morality anywhere in the administration.
