Tell that to the parents of baby Charlie under U.K.'s healthcare system!
Read the bill carefully Senator. Perhaps that will change this tweet. Please become part of the solution. I know that is possible for you...
shame you won't do something about decent jobs so their parents wouldn't need medicaid. But one can wish, can't they?
How about a tweet telling us why you and your fellow Dems are not supporting #MedicareForAll ?
Then call out Grassley for trying to tank this investigation.
The American people only want free market solution. Stop protecting corporate greed Senator. Support new millennium anti trust.
Single payer!!!!!
Thank you!
Thank you !! Sen Dianne Feinstein, I appreciate all you try and do for us. Please keep up the fight
Several California resident US citizen kids illegally retained in India by abducting parents. Trying to reach ur office to speak,no answer.
and your party's health care plan is?? don't say Obamacare, and for the thousand time what health care plan do you have? Obamacare?  not
Where is a copy of the entire HC legislation being proposed? We have not seen it yet.

But stop short of single payer? Everyone deserves healthcare
Thank Sen. Feinstein for having a heart and soul, caring. I guess GOP stands for Greedy Old Punks,!
Sen Dianne keep them honest.
Thank you
Liar! Single payer like Canada? They're put on a waiting list and many die before their name comes up. This is an outright pathetic lie.
Thank you for continuing to fight this horror!!!
@lovinabox Don't discount us seniors either please. Haven't we earned a bit of relief too? We helped build this country too.
She has been supporting & fighting for seniors throughout this ordeal. A search yields lots of info. For example:
You're right! Our job is to protect children-so I fight to stop abortions. Already 50 million plus babies too late. May the Lord forgive us.
Yes,may the Lord forgive you,Republicans 
Are there any fathe
Are there any fathers who have to answer?or just women
Absolutely. I'd even argue to increase payments for irresponsible fathers that leave!
Thank you @SenFeinstein. Keep fighting!
Thank you! 

I don't have children, but anyone who would deliberately deprive children (or anyone) healthcare for profit is a monster. @GOP
imagine how many more kids you could use as a cudgel if you would vote for #singlepayer.
BS protect children talk out of one side of your mouth & do whatever we have 2 2 stop Republicans out of the other side...u dont give a damn
call me when you start watching out 4 our country.Kushner and Jr meetings behind closed doors?Keeping US in dark aboutTRAITORS
Thank you for your leadership. As a Californian I'm proud that both my Senators support quality, affordable health care for all Americans.
Thank you from Georgia!
Could you try to talk some sense into Mccain? Or try and tell him what empathy is?
Thank you.
You are such a hypocrite!!!
Why can't you convince your GOP colleagues? Cowards hide the bill? No public input? This is not democracy.
If this passes, you didn't try hard enough
@taiping2 Thank you, Senator Feinstein!
You need to real in Grassley...
Thank you from NC
Thank you, Senator for continuing to fight against this travesty.
Thank you Senator
Bravo!
If they repeal it will have catastrophic economic impact on millions - huge recession to follow
I'm guessing my middle class kids who don't qualify for your hand outs don't count and don't matter! Obamacare is unaffordable and unusable!
Thank you Dianne! for all you do.
Thank you. Whatever they try to push through, thank you for standing strong and voting no.
Stop your hysteria!
How can we help you help US? Calling our senators. Some showing up at their offices. We're working on local elections
The problem is "why do so many children rely on Medicaid?"
Medicaid was meant 2 B a supplement only. Much better 2 encourages 2 thrive so not B dependent on govt handouts. REPEAL & pass tax cuts
This is where your gang goes wrong everything is not your business parents are supposed to take care of their children
Thank you, Senator! Children on Medicaid are a big part of the reason we #RiseUp4HealthCare.
Jeopardizes a lot of people I think
Thank you!  R's often forget about supporting children after they are born.
Thank you for your hard work on behalf of access to health care.  This is vitally important.  #
Thank you!!
I certainly hope more of your GOP colleagues will put America first and vote NO.
I'm glad to see a leader who cares about children. After going through the family courts I wasn't sure if there were any
Dooming them to substandard schools and aborting them before they are born. Promoting the welfare state that gives us single parent homes.
Shouldn't you be asking yourself why we have 36 million children on Medicaid?
It's your agenda that harms kids.
Thank you for being a sane voice in a sea if insanity!
Dedee, the problem is 36 million children covered by Medicaid! The # is another fear mongering lie!
More fear,offering children are always covered
GOP and trump want to kill poor people
Thank you, Senator. Please protect ALL children and defund @PPact .
Thank you!
"If you can't feed your baby (yeah, yeah), then don't have a baby (yeah, yeah)" - Michael Jackson
All you can, eh? #IFallForItBecauseIWantToBelieve
Please help us!!! Please make sure this doesn't pass
Republicans with children & sick family members MUST do everything to save their family's healthcare. Americans don't want repeal but a fix.

Many thanks. Please thinking also of ways to stand up to the current administration's plan B.
Don't forget adults who are on Medicaid for help paying for care with #preexistingconditions & #disabilities.
Get Don Jr., Manafort and Kushner under oath in open hearing.
Thank you, @SenFeinstein
Thanks!! My Senator's @SenTedCruz & @JohnCornyn want to take their healthcare away.
Please protect my grandmother she needs the Medicare program I believe in you democrats
Liar. Medicaid isn't being effected at all. TERM LIMITS NOW!

No I am pretty sure they are against abortion...
Yeah. Just not against killing them as soon as they come out
Would you be open to a new economic model that better accounted for the Value CREATED by accountable public infrastructures? @SIEPR
What are you doing about the Pedo rings?
Thank you for all you do. These are scary times.
But, hey, MCCain has his ins when he needs it!
I'm an Indep & I want to tell U I agree & honor yr position against the bill. Thank you, most Vtrs agree w/ you! ReElect Sen DianneFeinstein
We know you have our backs!!! #TrumpCareKills
the @POTUS & @VP Standing with healthy kids talking about taking the life saving ACA from sick kids was just another disgusting photo opt!
@SenFeinstein will you do all you can for all Americans by pushing for #SinglePayer to be part of #ABetterDeal?
Your job is to DO something. Defeat? Fine. But what can/will you DO to improve things? RU a professional traffic cone?
Thanks! You're the best!
Thank you! We support you and those that stand up to trump and other that want to take millions off healthcare.
Defeat it for all reasons, Preexisting conditions, lifetime caps. etc. Thank you
Thank you for that. I'm still angry at you about the judge vote, however. You keep acting like this is not an emergency.
