You seem awfully terrified that POTUS is about to blow up the dice game you all have been playing with taxpayer $$. Your slush fund bye bye
Wow, he has you so conned. How pathetic it is people believe his lies when they can be easily
DeFAce The Nation didn't inform U about the MASSIVE Scandal that the DNC is in w/ Pakistani staffers stealing data & blackmailing Members?

Best ever break down  of the truth about what Obama did to our great military. His own comunist experiment
she knows nothing There is no Russia story n healthcare is a scam She is a loon also
I bet if Clinton had done the secret meetings with the Russians or Obama your sing a different song
@POTUS has not had any secret meeting with Russians but Clinton n Obama did research for the truth there is proof evidence
Why won't you talk about Wasserman Schultz and Imran Awan? What is Congress hiding from voters?
I think you meant "tried to talk, but gave up." I have better luck talking to my chimp, Mickie.
Single-payer!
You are finding yourself now among the political bureau of a communist organization. The privileged who keeps lying to her minions.
U knew North Korea had nukes and did nothing for 7 years. Liars. Now you say they have a missile that can reach east Chicago. YOUR FIRED!!!
#FakeNews
dems are either DIRTY or STUPID!!!
PLEASE DON'T SEND HC 2 States! I live in CA they want single payer! Lots of illegals vote! Make Congress get same HC! U will C full repeal!
They have to buy they the exchanges.

You are the typical victim of lies and disninformation from the Goebbels-style propaganda. Signed: Political refugee from communism.
U can't pretend to be fair and impartial with a Special Counsel that acted as Uranium Mule to Putin from Hillary Clinton. De-face the Nation
..DeFace the Nation forgot to inform you about that "little" detail.
https://twitter.com/liz_wheeler/status/865699164851552256 … Really?!?!
We finally have proof of inappropriate financial dealings with Russia. 
FIRE MUELLER AND COVER THE DNC
YOU CAN THREATEN OUR PRESIDENT ALL YOU WANT BUT WHAT YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND IS WE WILL STAND WITH HIM AND FIGHT YOU CORRUPTED LIBERALS.
https://twitter.com/CG83548496/status/891802225156263936 …
@SenFeinstein You can drop the Individual Mandate if you just let the Premiums climb and he personal subsidies climb with them (1/2)
Alternative re-open Risk Corridor Payments to keep Premiums down but keep Insurer income whole.  Somebody has to pay for the sicker people.
There was no Russian meddling just a bunch of loonies that can't accept the results. Ocare was the biggest lie shafted to Americans
Hey there, Madam whose hubby got a BILLION dollar deal for a train to NOWHERE ... are the AWAN BROTHERS hooked up with you too?
@MaxineWaters @NancyPelosi Time for fossilized corrupt democrat hags to resign. Mueller s/b FIRED & sent to prison f/selling uranium:Russia
I agree,but a loon? Please don't insult the poor bird. Senator Frankenstein yes. Democratic communist.
Psst the Russian investigation is pointing right back to the DNC and Fusion, who they hired
Why don't you report both stories. Obama corruption through DC as it is leaking out? Biased
Can you update America on Wasserman-Arwan-DNC-Comey-Rice-Brennen and Americans being spied on illegal
Ur  not looking for collusion. Ur trying to fabricate it. I'd fire  mueller also.
Did you cover the Russian Collusion with the @DNC ? How about the @DWStweets IT Scandal? Why does she want that laptop back so much?
Please look into this @ChuckGrassley
Why are you letting Sen Grassley & GOP advance false narrative about HRC & illegal leaks? What are you doing about the deflection by GOP?
I'm pretty sure I just listened to Dianne Feinstein explain how the Democrats created obamacare's disaster to begin with.
You Morons keep calling it health care when it's really Corporate Welfare for hospitals and insurance companies. That's why it won't fly


More important is @DWStweets putting American security at risk with Awan family, still paying him while under investigation, not #fakenews

Seen the latest Tweets? If nobody can currently discipline Trump, we know Kelly won't do any better.
She needs to talk about investigating Debbie Wasserman Schultz.
Wow! A Democrat is appearing on a Sunday morning talk show. 

I thought only the gop were allowed to speak. Good.
Keeping the lies alive. MSM at its best. #fakenews
Better idea why don't u talk to @SenFeinstein about @DWStweets IT staffer just arrested & high crimes of the @dnc

Keepup the good work you shuck Nanny and wild Maxine can all share a cell with Bill Obama Hillary and don't forget Debbie hidding in nut h
The latest Russia investigations are exposing the depths of the Democrates collusion.soon their will be nothing left you will all be in jail
A leftist interviewing a leftist. Wow how convincing this interview will be.

A peeper claimed brainwashing pedophilic acts thus coerced from the collective unconscious to gain rights of creating art about pedophilia.

Peepers might think that all gay men are hermits.
Who is going to give her intelligent answers? We know it wont be her own brain 
Its far past any intelligence gathering capabilities
LOL... That's funny. Y'all getting into slap-stick?
What a bunch of loser comments on here.  It's the Repubs who failed on Healthcare reform.  but keep drinking the Trump koolaid.  #FOOLS
0 Democratic support you must know jim Jones
Why would A Dem support getting rid os something that gave millions healthcare? Having grape this morning?
How many times does she have 2 tell you no Russian hacking happened? Hard 2  blame them when criminals at the DNC refuse 2 hand over server
Sunday Morning @FacetheNation
Ask her how many people have died because of ACA?

Plenty of horror stories
What Russia investigation?
Failing Obamacare. As a senator why they didn't fix it the last 7 years.
Gop obstruction. Why didn't the gop actually craft a plan to fix it over the last 7 years? Because they could care less about 99% of us.
@SenFeinstein is a disgrace, more fake news...
So kind of a nonstory plus an exposè on obstructionist politics?
oh, and for those who haven't been paying very close attention, the HC Bill is far from dead, do not let up on the pressure. #Resistance
Obstruction the Democratic Better Way.
Can't wait for 2018
Dems lose again.
1,100 seats and Counting
okay...if you say so. Have you taken your meds today. No one is threatening you, calm down and go have some hot cocoa ok?Daddy Trump is here
bezos. if you are so smart. why cannot you amazon healthcare? get big gov. out of healthcare.
Wow that pic of yours looks like an oinker.  had much garbage to eat lately?
. U r really hurting for people to b on the show when u have to get her to come
How about ask her a real collusion question Ukraine Russia uranium DNC server Failed obama care she passed without even reading ONE word
More wasted use of good Oxygen.
Hahahaha ya, I'm sure she'll tel lthe truth, the whole truth & nothing but the truth...hahahahahaha I dont care to listen to this nut.....
Ask about Hack
