I have a better plan.  A modern approach to healthcare
Just DO what the rest of modern Nations offer there citizen, not only there public servants!

Potential cost increases by state:
- AK: $31,790
- AZ: $22,074
- ME: $16,437…
What the hell is wrong with these Republicans? To them, it's all about taking from the average individual, and give to the wealthy WTF?
28 million uninsured and you're bragging? I'm not having it.  Lead, already.
#StopGrahamCassidy The bill is cruel and economically irresponsible.
Sounds just like tRump
Please fight for us!  We love you.
#GrahamCassidy would cost our nation 
- MILLIONS of jobs
- TRILLIONS of dollars
http://www.commonwealthfund.org/publications/issue-briefs/2017/jan/repealing-federal-health-reform …
@SenFeinstein always dependable to say things to keep her Dems voting for her. Not what's good for America as a whole.
Actually, she's telling the truth, which is what's good for America as a whole.
Thank you for keeping it real
You can block the bill, Senator.  As your constituent, I request that you do.
Please watch. Maybe you can share with GOP. https://www.facebook.com/NancyPelosi/posts/10155998449794384 …
Here is coverage before #ACA.
#GrahamCassidy allows states to waive ACA benefits rule. We looked at what insurers did/didn't cover w/out the rule  http://kaiserf.am/2yttugg 
You are fearmogering. If you can't control no one can. Ridiculous
We were fooled with Obamacare. Can't keep our docs. Premiums up, so what should we look out for on this bill? Pass it to see what's in it?
Vague assurances, like, your pre-existing condition(s) will be covered for an additional price that 99% of Americans can't afford.
Thanks for keeping up the good fight so we can have comprehensive health care for all. Appreciate your efforts & pray  we prevail.
Graham Cassidy Bill is a Con Job by horrible Republicans.
You mean don't be fooled like Jonathan Gruber fooled everyone with Obamacare? You are nothing but a big bag of hot wind please just retire
We can do better.  ACA is a mess. I don't see solutions or collaboration on this significant legislation.would rather have my tax money back
Get the govt out of healthcare!
Have you read the entire bill. I think not. Please quote the offending language.
That should suit Moonbeam very well
Trust him? Oh, you gotta be kidding me!
your vote for the debt ceiling increase paved the way for this. STOP COOPERATING WITH THEM!
I not I know what GOP wants to less and lees on Medicaid and yet they have best insurance in world for themselves
@LindseyGrahamSC :Remember reason for #ACA - states weren't doing their job providing care. What is cost of 52 states legislating coverage?
Graham-Cassidy would just divide our country even further.  Pls don't let GOP buy states.  Thank you!
Except for Alaska?
Cassidy was nailed on that point yesterday on meet the press don't believe the lies
When will Feinstein be put out to pasture with Dingy Harry Reid?
You have lost it Senator. You are no better than Maxine and Nancy You have joined the dispictable and disgraceful club Hope you'really happy
Assurances? ACA? Do you recognize hypocrisy. The nation's health needs addressing by both sides-Work together! Don't say you're-You're not!
We were full when we were told that we could keep our doctor in premiums would go down.
Allows broke-ass state govts to decide if they want to subsidize premiums for pre-existing conditions. How's that gonna work out?
What is your opinion regarding Alaska told they can keep current ACA? Don’t understand how a Federal Plan can allow each state multi opts
Must stop this horrible bill!!!  Maybe Congress, Senate and White House need the same healthcare they want to give us.
Stop the scare tactics rhetoric.... pathetic Dianne! Come to grips Obamacare failed !!
Your being ridiculous!! As a law maker your responsibility is to the ppl not your party!! Obamacare is dead!! Give up your insurance !
Stop being a dope!
My NICU boy...
.@SenFeinstein States can decide what to cover. Who and what will California cover?
Do you mean like if you like your Dr or health care plan you can keep it? That's what I thought.  From the party of TRUTH.
Donald's makeshift "presidency" is based on serious misunderstandings & he will resign, thanks to the fact based win-win accord . #SaveACA
We're not, and we are all doing our best to help stop it.
Drop it completely. Protect citizens & just make it unlawful for insurance companies to ask about pre-existing conditions! So simple!
And also don't be fooled that at least 35% of trump supporters don't care what happens to minorities it's not just your Congress
PS if you want the Republican foot out of your butt you have to get off your ass and vote Democrat simple!
#socialism
false and this is a 3 or 4 phase plan must repeal americans can't afford obamacare it was set up to fail so we would have govt controlled
you're a clown. it was never a great deal, not when for profit insurance helped write it. however its much better than any gop plan to date
Tell Murkowski, Collins, McCain and Heller that.  #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
vague assurances!
My 16 yr old son just survived a transplant and I am so thankful we live in MA. If not for MassHealth, we would be living in my car!
Please have the courage to call #GrahamCassidy what it is, an abomination compounded out of lies and born in deception.  Toughen up!
If Obama care is so great,  Diane,  WHY DON'T YOU & YOUR COLLEAGUES HAVE IT?  GIVE UP YOUR GOLDEN PARACHUTE & FEEL WHAT WE FEEL!
The devil is a liar #ACA hallelujah shall live in the matchless name of JESUS
FEINSTEIN: NO ECONOMIC PLAN FOR GROWTH, PROSPERITY, SECURITY FOR  DECIMATED AMERICAN WORKERS & MIDDLE CLASS: OBSTRUCTIONIST: UNAMERICAN
Well quit complaining Diane and offer a remedy! Come up with a better solution! Or shut up and vote for something.
Except for Alaska - I hear if LM votes yes, Alaska gets to keep ObamaCare
Please make sure CA gets the same deal that AK gets!
I totally agree with you, we must pass Medicare For All so *all* Americans have guaranteed access to health care.
We aren't fooled by any means!  This intolerable bill must be trashed.
"If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor." "Obamacare isn't going to lead to single payer." Whose the fool?
