Every young person should be automatically registered to vote at 18 yrs of age.
Agree and when they go for driving license if 18.
Some states (Oregon and Rhode Island) kinda do that. But, I'd like to see every 18 year old receive a  card with her/his registration.
Washington state has motor voter registration. 
Great start. However, I believe the vote is the right of eligible voters 18 years of age. Even those who don't drive. 
Restoring integrity to our voting systems would help too. 
No hackable systems.
Please
Well it end illegal voting?
I'm all in, then.
What is wrong with voter ID and citizens only!
Not all citizens have IDs. I.E. elderly who don't drive.
Plus, there a people,
Mostly elderly, who don't have birth certificate due to being born in home. Can't show proof. I was surprised but true
Ha!
This should be the litmus test for Dems.
Ensuring Americans are healthy to contribute to society is a no-brainer. 
Every senator should support #medicareforall.
Then give up the requested voting rolls
Thank you for speaking out on this, Senator! One of our biggest challenges as 2018 and 2020 approach.
Restore the vote? I thought this was America where every citizen got to vote?
Wasn't that right what this country was founded on?
My god are you suggesting that this is in the Constitution? Please give me article ,section,clause. Remember the 3/5  for slaves? Read it!!!
Trump is trying to derail Russia investigations by provoking NK into armed conflict.
And an ID to prove who they are!
All ID's do not prove citizenship.
So we agree
Let's do it Senator!
A bill that would be unnecessary, if Rethuglikanz would stop talking up voter fraud, and cease ELECTION THEFT !
Dia voter ID needs to be mandatory so your side can stop cheating.



Sen. Feinstein, pls stop the juniors frm falling prey 2 infighting & media baiting. We must have a UNITED FRONT. @CoryBooker @KamalaHarris
GOP: We will get back to you on that AFTER the midterm elections.
Make Election Day a national holiday.  That will make participating in our democracy easier.
Not every senator or president benefits from everyone having an equal right to vote.
Thank you @SenFeinstein. Im so proud to be from California.
GOP knows that the more people that vote, the more elections they will lose.
YOU, are every bit as classy and formidable as EVAH!  BRAVA!
More votes than registered voters in 13 California counties = fraud
GOP WANTS to make it harder to vote! #protectvoterrights
Let's push for paper ballots while we're at it, yes? Our hackable diebolds are unacceptable!! Call this out! #unhackthevote
Unfortunately, every senator doesn't want us all to vote.
Yes #RestoreTheVOTE
Yes and I wonder if Jeff Flake will vote for that?
Louder
Have u ok'd w/Bernie, Senator?Apparently the guy who smears Dems &lost huge runs things.Could be "identity politics"
Restoring the Voting Rights Act is a no-brainer. Every senator should support our bill! #RestoreTheVOTE
Koch/Pence is a grave danger to VRA, too!
Take us back to publicly counted paper ballots. DefCon proved, what many of us have suspected, the machines can not be trusted.
File this under .. THINGS you'll never hear the TRAITOROUS GOP say..
This should be bipartisan and unanimous.
Thank you for your most excellent service. I have voted for you many moons.
now what do you consider a voters right.Not one voter has ever complained about not being able to vote.Making this up to cause hate
but if that happens, there is no way the republicans can win, so not a single one of them will vote for it.
What better way to honor the anniversary of this important act?
Yes
Illegal votes render legal vote worthless, akin to taxation w/o representation.
Every American should want VR act restored.
No illegals vote
Glad I am required to show photo ID or to prove my eligibility to be able to vote!  It is the responsible thing to do for accountability.
Yes it is.  Among many things that are no-brainers.  Like single payer healthcare, $15 an  hour minimum wage, no fracking, etc.
We want paper ballots and neutral district lines!
ID's are good only if cheap & readily available. Otherwise its just another way to impede minority & low income voting.
Yes!
Here's a no brainer, follow the amendments laid out by the Constitution.  If you Liberals would abide by it, there would be no discussion.
I wasn't aware there was anything to restore.
Voting rights should only be granted to verifiable American citizens.   We should all be able to agree on that.
GOP won't. They were unable to garner votes through party principles. Instead of dealing with that, they chose voter suppression tactics.
Gaining power in Congress/Executive through voter suppression/gerrymandering is their platform.
Your Nuts" you have a very percentage of dead voters in CA" The highest in poverty and u say more Illegals. Put ppl to work First not later.
You should join hands w/ Mark Warner
CA voter registration, applicants check a box, saying they are citizens. But CA does not verify with any other database. Strictly honor sys.
So in CA, you can register to vote, but do not have to prove you are eligible to vote. Trump voter ID is threatening CA illegal voter base.
Not one single Republican will support this bill!  #corruptGOP
The gems are trying to find a cheap and easy way to buy votes with the contributing Americans tax dollars
Dems should be pushing bills for the good of the people & forcing Reps to turn them down. Lay ground work for 2018 & 2020 votes now! #Resist

Thank you Senator.. U should get % support behind this bill #RestoreTheVOTE
Just like showing ID to board a plane or get a book from the library and I support it. ID or no voting
That's the issue. The no brainers
CA deems that anyone can vote. 15th Amend says the rights of citizens shall not be denied. There is the distinction.
Why don't you provide a petition / a list of those people who were eligible to vote and denied it.
Applies to and for Legal citizens only NOT ILLEGALS FEINSTEIN!!
You tell 'em, Dianne
People die each day some of them have no one to leave their social security to making it the largest pot that they have not been able to tap
I have had relatives that died and left money in that same pot when I die I won't have anyone to move mine to either people should know
Social Security
shut it bot
Go away witch. Legal citizens are the only ones who are allowed to vote and be able to prove who they are.
Need to route out illegal voting.
SENATOR IF IT IS GOOD FOR THE COMMON MAN THAN IT SHOULD BE RESTORED AND PUT INTO LAW!
Since people want to insist on ID to vote in order to suppress, let's form Committee to raise money & issue ID to everyone free of charge.
Not voter id to suppress. Voter id to protect. Every illegal vote negates a legal vote. Get it?
Sorry,don't believe this is 2 protect.So I wonder what will happen when we get everyone an ID for free?My mission to get rid of suppression
Why? You are not threatened by this. Democrats should live this. Maxine waters should this. So you guys can make up the voting rules you go.
digital voting is a no brainer if you really care about people voting… also, voting day as a holiday
Voting rights along with having educated voters are the key to our democracy.
So..you're saying an American citizen with no college indoctrination shouldn't be allowed to vote?
Umm I don't trust u guys with anything having to do with Voting. Our Roles are full of ineligible voters Now. Retire Now
with ID
And if you could please remember that Reality Winner was trying to keep the integrity of our voting systems safe.
No you need ID to prevent motor voter fraud. Show me ze papers please!
Register, Verify with ID and then vote. Lawful voting
^5
Not so sure the GOP is keen on this. They have been trying to disenfranchise Democraic voters for years!
Just dead voters and illegal voters.... 
They should, but I doubt they will
