YES, HE IS REALLY OUT OF HIS MIND. HATE AND DESTRUCTION ARE HIS  WAY TO LEAD A COUNTRY. BIG FAILURE AND SHAME FOR REPUBLICANS
why? Are you misspending our state tax dollars. Two words Senator "STATE BUDGET"!!!
That's what happens when you create a never ending supply of worthless programs ...no one can tell the good ones . . .
Yes because California don't care about their American citizens. Paying gross amounts for illegals and refugees
we need rural water quality improvement here in N C too!  #waterquality
pay for it with your sanctuary funds ???
So what are going to do about it?  Fight to impeach trump & decimate his admin the way he's decimating programs for CA!
He is well on his way to totally destroying this country and the people.
I have a clue.  I stated fact.  Now run along and go hide behind your 12 followers and your alternative facts.
how about having CA take care of their own problems for once
California said they don't need Federal funds, sanctuary city's are cut off. Make up ur mind!
Ask Flint, MI how it's been for them. Shameful is my answer.
If you weren't wasting your funds on illegals you could take care of your problems internally and get out of our pockets
We must learn the truth about Trumps involvement with Russia and Our elections! This is a Russian coup of OUR Democracy!
Tell us again how great the Californian economy is that you can't pay for this on your own.
fight on Dianne
I have to pay for my own water supply... don't  need to pay for theirs too. #MAGA
maybe cut the sanctuary city's or high speed rail
Interesting. The trolls all tweet the same topic. *Block the magatrolls.
I thought California could take care of themselves. They refuse to follow the laws passed by congress but want more money.
use the failed transit funds in Ca to fix the problems. Or less money on sanctuary cities.
then maybe the State of California should take the billions they've spent on illegals and put it to use for real Americans
Perhaps california would be able to fund their own water quality programs if they didn't spend so much on illegals. Feinstein?
. Don't underestimate Trump. He still has millions of supporters in areas that could affect mid-terms. Plan accordingly.  2018!
@JenSiebelNewsom Based on your facial expression last week, he won't be in office much longer. Great respect, Sen. Feinstein.
Why doesn't Trump just raise taxes on the 1% instead of cutting needed programs?
this is not the time for California to start taking care of Californians..we need the Federal Gov't to do it. High Speed Rail!
we are counting on you to help!
We already know that?  What are you going to do about it?  More pointless tweets?  Do your job!!!
No problem just get Sacramento to pay for this.
Fight for us in CA! Don't forget ppl w disabilities who use Medicaid Services! Don't push us back to using the Emergency Room
@GOP @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @realDonaldTrump &admin r committing slow& deliberate GENOCIDE of ppl!
He's throwing out the worst policies ever, so he can negotiate you to things you wouldn't have settled on. Bait and switch!
Guess that's the thx rural people get for voting for Trump. Ditto for coal minors. Sigh
, what are you and your colleagues doing to stop this madness before he runs the country into the ground?
@realDonaldTrump thinks CA is the evil empire anyway.  Screw him. We can do it ourselves!
That's what he wants. You do & pay for everything; leave Feds out of it. They'll buy more jets!
and you didn't sell out the bay delta with your poison pill bill?
as he flies to FL every weekend
Cut off the funding for Airforce 1 & Secret Service. USE YOUR POWER. Vote NO to his budget & run adds w names who voted YES.
how much federal money did you guys blow on that moronic rail line again?
^^Geniuses against public transportation. MAGA.
$20,000,000,000,000 in debt. Pay that off first Senator!
Bay-Delta program funding too. Thank you for looking out after rural counties, please look after Bay-Delta EJ community too!
What prevents California (or any state) or any municipality within from taking on this responsibility?
also Russia.  Thanks Dianne!!
Fight him on EVERYTHING in that budget!  Education, EPA, NPR, PBS... everything!!  Sincerely, A REAL constituent in 91107
be more forceful in calling Trumpy on his incredibly shitty work.  And start impeachment proceedings already!!!
Impeachment starts with the House.  Let everyone tell their Reps. to impeach Trump.  Then the Senate can remove him.
Awesome! I've always wanted dirty water. Thanks Trump.
Oh you know a thing or two abt screwing Central Valley Californian's from water access for YEARS. SHINE A LITE ON URSELF!
@PattyArquette good
You just praised water supplies being poisoned.  Go and rethink whatever led you to write that.

Dip into your sanctuary State funds.
Haha I like that one. PERFECT
i guess you were pretty stupid to let those resources be taxed out of your state
well, why don't you "do it for" your citizens with some of those $ Millions of dollars you have????
Well if we weren't wasting BILLIONS on high speed train to nowhere we could afford it without Feds help. Same w/dams
trump is unaware of the real world.
Yes. They are coming after California. Hold the Blue Wall. Protect CA!!
No actually as Pres Reagan famously said, Jerry Brown tear down that Democrat wall. We'll said Mr President
California can't provide it's own people water?
Water flow does not stop at state lines. @SenFeinstein
Yeah, but science is a fraud to the GOP. They are destroying the planet. But making rich people richer. So...
