really? Name one thing HRC should be in prison for that the Trump Administration isn't doing...... I'll wait.
sending classified info over an unsecure network...
Trump is doing that. Try again.
<That hasn't been reported. Military personal have done less then HRC and they are in the brig. @ginger3855
thank you for trying  we'll remember you. 
Why do U love ISLAM? It NOT religion & aims to conquer world. Majority of Europeans NOW want total ban on Muslims due to chaos
Christianity came from Islam. Nice try tho. #alternativefacts
Christianity was 500 years before Mohammed, in the year 610 had a "revelation', hence the birth of ISLAM. Fact!
@SenateDems thankful for the Senate Democrats who plan to pull another all nighter to protest Jeff Sessions!
Yeah. These protests are SO effective.  The rest of us will go about living our lives ignoring you
you're funny! There's a lot more of us then there are of you, friend! 
Looking forward to seeing Jeff Sessions confirmed today. But hey, the Dems protested
Told ya. Hope you had fun at your slumber party
oh did you think I was talking about the short term?! 
.@SenFeinstein Why did you not vote when @SenWarren was told to shut up?
Oh just get it over with America is tired of your ineffectual posturing!
SPEAKING ON THE CEILING WOULD NOT HAVE HELPED! YOU & ELIZABITCH WARREN NEED TO RETIRE!
Since phone lines are busy: Please block Jeff Sessions from position of Attorney General. Thank you!
Thank you for your opposition to Sessions and continued support for the LGBT community.
Thank you!!! Kick some tRump!
keep fighting. Do not back  down
thank you! Keep up the resistance! We are watching!
Please keep fighting to block Sessions confirmation. He's part of the mainstream of America, he's a racist & former KKK member
Than you ! #NoOnSessions
Thank you!  Please vote against Sessions because if he becomes AG, he will destroy our civil rights, including voting rights.
Why bother, he will get in anyway.  This is Fascism.
we can still try
a record of opposition is crucial when the crooks are eventually brought down.
Really? So why did she vote YEA on Trumps other 5 Nominations.
I don't know Frank, I was speaking to the need for a record.
He is NOT part of mainstream America.
please share with us what we can do to #stopsessions
Thank you for staying in the fight. Vote No on Sessions.
do not give up!  We need your voice!
Thank you!
you are at Rock Star!
Thank you for what you are doing to oppose Sessions! We are with you!  #Sessionshearing #stopsessions
great job, thank you for your service!!!
Thank you!
I please vote to reject Sessions
Yes!
vote FOR sessions
thank you for speaking out against Jeff Sessions.
that's great but what's up with this?!!!
@realDonaldTrump u Feinstein r in part why CA is a mess. You r 1 of many who should be long gone, along with Gov. Moonbeam.
Thank you for opposing Sessions. Thank you for fighting for us.
Who cares what you oppose. You and the democratic party are irrelevant and will be for quite some time. Enjoy the next 4 !!!!
ExcellentThank You
Actions speak louder than words. Where were you when it was time to vote against Sessions? It's like ur asking 2b primaried.
Please read the letter from Coretta Scott King!
thank you!!!
no on Sessions!
please vote no on Gorsuch too!!!
thank you for your opposition to this man!
thank you.
Call McConnell on his sexist, racist shut down of Senator Warren while you're up there. He is a threat to this country.
WHERE WERE YOU? Shall the Senator [Warren] be Permitted to Proceed in Order? Feinstein (D-CA), Not Voting
I hope you're on the floor with Ms. King's letter tomorrow.
.@SenFeinstein Thank you for opposing Jeff Sessions. Fight hard & loud. He will move this country backward. Hateful & Unjust! #HoldTheFloor
Thank you for speaking out in the name of human rights!
Genuinely impressed by senate dems' resistance against racism here. Keep at it!
Please continue to oppose Sessions and caucus w/ other Senators to vote against. He respects strongmen more than rule of law!
. @SenFeinstein But you failed to vote to support @SenWarren. Why? https://www.senate.gov/legislative/LIS/roll_call_lists/roll_call_vote_cfm.cfm?congress=115&session=1&vote=00057 … #primaries
Thank you for opposing Sessions.
Read Mrs. King's letter. #letlizspeak
you do that but you seem to have no problem with a guy like Rex Tillerson...
FINISH THE CORETTA LETTER IT IS APART OF THE ARCHIVES
I agree. No on Sessions for AG.
yes!!!  Racism is not a national security defense.
Please vote NO, Constituent, 92704, Please, Please!
thank you for standing up for us. #StopSessions
thank you!!!!
keep the pressure on with an eye on the mid terms.  Oppose, block, dissent, repeat.
Thank you for standing up to the racist homophobe that doesn't know meaning of justice for ALL! I feel our voices are heard
thank you for fighting the good fight!
Thank you!
You Go! Good job!
Again following the pack.  Start to lead.
thank you!
Bless you for standing up against that racist fool.
Thank you from CA!
good luck Senator but it looks like the Republicans will do whatever heil Trump dictates.
Thank you for your voice!!
Thank you senator. After complicit @SenateGOP vote him in, he'll need to be investigated for his role in the Russian hacking.
Exec. Agenda is "Make America White Again" #MuslimBan is opening act. We must #ImpeachTrump #stopsessions #StopPresidentBannon
Thank you for speaking out & opposing Sessions
give ‘em hell Sen Feinstein! -supporter in CA
Thank you for your opposition of Sessions.
Say it LOUDER!  I want to see y'all turn your backs on the puppet's picks.  Listen to us, We The People.
such highly qualified. wrong again as usual these California senators.
Thank you!
Go get'em Senator!!
Sure hope you can do better than you did with DeVos.
thank you
Thank you!  True patriot.
Just confirm him.
doubtful it'll matter dear. The Republican party is all immoral disgusting pigs
what good is it going to do?  If we couldn't even vote down DeVos there's no hope for Sessions. #GOP has been bought
Thank you!
Stop political obstructionism.  Democrats lost the election. Time for the rule of law. Vote yes!
-- give 'em hell!
thank you for listening 
thank you!
please continue your opposition to Jeff Sessions #stopJeffSessions
This guy is so dangerous that it is imperative to stop him. Otherwise our country is doomed
thank you, Senator!
Thank you Dianne. Fight for your base and we'll fight for you!
Thank you Sen. Feinstein. It has been a disappointing day.
Thank you for #stopsessions
Good luck! NO on Sessions!
Thank you Sen Feinstein
thank you.
I hear you carrying on about LGBT issues, nothing about the AG's position. You sure you've got the right hearing room?
purely political because he is a republican. You went to hearings with a closed mind.
RELIC
Your obstructionist tactics are useless.It is time for you Democrats to get over the election & suck it up. #AmericaFirst
Thru lax law enforcement Liberals encourage aliens come 2US illegally&non citizens2vote show support4aliens vs fellow citizens
You understand that you are wasting your time and the people's money. When next it's your time for cabinet will they agree.
World Record for worst cabinet picks ever!
thank you
listening now. Doing the job. What's wrong with your "friends" in the GOP. #stopsessions is a unfit to be AG.
Get over it. Your party lost. He is going to be AG. Get on with the country's important business.
Thank you! We're with you.
WE DON'T CARE WHAT YOU THINK. You lost, get over it!
Thank you for speaking  against him. We hear you.
Sadly Dianne you need to go. No backbone. Ca. surely you guys can find some one to run.
Thank you for representing our state's wishes!
Thank you for the work you do.  You Senate delivery of facts about Sessions was amazing.
Won't win many fights right now, but your will to speak up will be noted in the next election. Don't give up on us!
Youre dropping KNOWLEDGE right now.Honestly this is amazing sussinct factfilled.The content is the scariest reddoric Ive heard
abortion is murder. How would you feel if it was your grandchild being aborted?
Thank you for your opposition to Sessions and the remaining nominees. We the people will call, show up, speak out. #resist
thank you for opposing #sessions appointment! We don't need a #whitesupremacist attorney general. #resistance
Thank you for your efforts! This is going to be a long haul with few bright spots; keep fighting & setting the example!
Are there any GOP colleagues who are on the fence? Who do we need to call?
that's ok we can't hear you
already on to the next battle to lose? Study your history. It plays out much better to support a winning cause
you are my heroine brilliant speech right now
Thank you
Sessions is a patriot...you of all people need to learn about whats good for the country...YOU HAVE NO CLUE...you lost
fight! Thank you #resist
you are irrelevant...stop talking...shut up...stop insighting riots...that's illegal.
Time for you to go DINOSAUR! Shaking like an old one!
and you are a lying  we'll find your scandals and expose them.
Thank you. Can't give up!
Do better than you did on DeVos.
thank you.  Who else is going to help? #HoldingTheFloor
Love Jeff Sessions
is our government crooked? How are these people getting confirmed when we the people are against them. something going on
Fantastic job!  I agree with your point.  The AG is Chief prosecutor of the US.  The AG is not the President's attorney.
Thank you
Jeff Sessions is unacceptable.
Thank you!
Greatest waste of time is calling a Pub senator to vote against
a Trump nominee (IA sens.)
you must be young. Jeff Sessions is an ol' Southrn white rascist who did bad things. Do yur hmwrk or R U a rascist?
and he too, will get confirmed.
Indict EVERYONE behind the Clinton Coup! GO TO JAIL
Thanks Senator Feinstein. You've been especially fierce this past week. Keep it up! Sessions is tied to the issue of #Russia.
He is not a good man.
Go ahead DF but remember main objective is to cut off the head of the snake. Let's not be sidetracked by the lesser sleaze!
thank u Sen Feinstein- a constituent
Thank you for standing against him!
what a surprise, another closed minded liberal wasting Senate time
Thank you, Senator Feinstein!
thank you!
What will that do if Pence can just come along and vote?
thank you for leadership against DeVos & Sessions. #noConsent @SenateDems
@KamalaHarris Stay strong:No Sessions! @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC :after that Devos debacle you owe the people a NO vote
Thank YOU
The dems must stop their vicious attacks on the USA. We watched you all trash the USA for 8yrs. It's time to put the #USA1st

Time for personal enrichment to take a backseat to safety & security. #confirmsessions
Thank you Sen.Feinstein !
thank you for standing up for Californian values.
America's values are not same as California's. The remaining 56 states (according to 0bama) are much higher.
great. More grandstanding that doesn't matter since we don't have votes.
be sure to tell those who vote for him we won't forget &?are coming for them in 2018!
No I am watching Fox news instead we're awoke now you don't matter
Why am I not surprised. OBSTRUCTIONIST!
confirm Mr Sessions!
