No, your bill would basically outlaw any trigger modifications the way it is worded. Even common ones that do NOT increase rate of fire.  You are not stopping at bump fire stocks. #2A #NOBAN
We need term limits because of your type.
Why can't we have a bill that every gun needs to be registered like an auto.... we have a DMV nationwide registration and cars kill less
Do you think criminals would register the guns they buy in the alley?  Get real!! Those laws only hurt law abiding gun owners!  
How would this law hurt a law-abiding gun owner?
A "law-abiding gun owner" one day, homicidal maniac another. Make assault weapons illegal.
Perhaps all that valium he took had something to do with it?  Ya think???The guns didn't do it, the man did it! fully auto assault- illegal.

Ban semi-automatic weapons. Congress is so corrupt. Your number one responsibility is to protect the people.
No, their number one responsibility is to uphold the constitution.
No, to protect the American people. The constitution has been changed over time. Do you know what "amendment" means?
We don't need to read it. Just pass it. #DoSomething other than count your campaign contributions.
Save the insurance industry!
Well, that's only what, a million or so jobs when you look at the entire industry? I think we can save the industry AND give people affordable care. But not with any idea the left or the right currently has on the table. I'd be happy to discuss and present ideas.
I don't care about the jobs...just the profits!   
Good start, not even close to enough. Why have elected democrats become so scared of republicans? Please be bolder. Lives depend on you.
Dianne read this:  "A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms
Agree w/U on bump stock issue even if large number of them R in hands of criminals U R right no gun laws would have ended Vegas At 91 no run
Then you better outlaw files that can cut through the pins and still make them automatic. You don't need a bump stock to do this.
They semi- auto wePons auto so they should be illegal already. No bill needed! Focus on mental illness. 
PS: HERO Blumenthaul - bad for you
I understand most of it but do not understand the part which says "but does not convert it into a machine gun. "   I will be watching CSPAN.
I can see how this can prevent the insidious invention of other items which could turn guns into rapid fire weapons.  A good bill.
And that would have done nothing to stop the Vegas crazy man.
Wouldn't have stopped him, but there may have been less people wounded and maybe not as many killed. It's a concession, not the inch = mile.
Saving even one life is important, agree 100% but Reactionary policies are usually useless.
It's a no brainer unless one stands to lose $millions in payments from the NRA. Ask any GOP Rep or Sen. How much they receive from NRA?
DF: We Want Every American to Feel Comfortable Packing a Concealed Weapon?!
1) Yes
2) Gun ownership up, murders down
NRA's sacrificial lamb. They aren't lobbying for $50 mods that will be ordered in grey markets. Step up or move over for a real fighter
Should be able to sue sellers of such when used in massacres
So I should be able to sue automakers if I am involved in a traffic accident too.
Your simple bill is 7 years too late. What have you been doing?  Obviously nothing at all. Thanks a lot Diane.
Your bill is emotional & reactionary. What is  next limiting a cars speed to 20 mph when someone runs through a crowd with it. Liberty taker
Your bill is useless
If machine guns are illegal then the adaptation of one should be illegal too!  I soooo agree! Thank you soooo much for quick action
AND NO SILENCERS LEGAL FOR PUBLIC SALE.! NOT A “ TRADE/OFF”
Only 38 Dem co-sponsors. How many Dem Senators? You can’t even get all Dems to support it.  10 Dem Senators said no way. It’s dead.
This is a good first step-but we need major significant gun legislation - who needs to own military-grade weapons of any kind! 40+ guns? NO!
Doesn't list a penalty other than just illegal.
States that to posses is illegal but doesn't address those already in circulation.
Please include for manufacture, possession or installation.
Where was this determination 7 years ago?
Great! Look how well our immigration laws have worked out!!!
Your bill is shit. Stuff it
Need to ban semi automatic weapons also!
Is it right to excuse goverment political entities from this ban? It means you can repeat Fast&Furious &sell these. Let alone full MG's.
thank you for this.
Great Bill Senator Feinstein! Thank you! I support your work 100%!
So you ban citizen machine guns, but find it acceptable to spread HIV across the entire nation by CA law?  Worship Satan much?
I'd strike the crank and bump parts.
Simple and to the point Congress should pass
Criminals don't obey laws. You're grandstanding again trying to start the process of taking guns away from law abiding citizens! Onto you!
Your tinfoil hat is a little tight.

Of course you exempt the Govt from these restrictions...
It's because of lines like that, that we have to be armed
Wow what a sudden change to already "our bill". And we are suppose to believe that you sweep in wearing a cape? Pardon if I don't trust you!
Folks, get a handle. Have you not learned? Jets, trucks, vans, explosives? If someone wants to do harm it doesn't have to be a gun.
Amend bill to restore American citizens right to own machine guns to protect against a murderous & predatory government and you have a deal
This is a start. But gun manufacturers see this as a gimme. They don't make these devices, no $ out of their pockets. Get NRA out of pockets
I don't trust you sneaky politicians
It’s a good start. Reenact the 1994 assault weapons ban. Repeal the Dickey Amendment.
And just how will that stop people from killing? Quit smoking that shit
Liberals want everything and offer nothing in return. What are liberals offering that conservatives want and don’t have currently.
Nothing you do is that simple because your Not all that bright to bewgin with.
Acknowledged @SenFeinstein of SF of California


NOT ONE MORE STEP
HOLD THE LINE
NOT EVEN A CONVERSATION
When people r unstable & decide to do major harm they will still have guns & accessories if they decide. Bad people will always have guns!!
"To prohibit the possession or transfer of certain firearm accessories, and for other purposes." What are the other purposes, liar?
Government Tyranny prevents me from supporting this ban. Possibility exists that rapid fire may be needed for defense in the future.
Ban car bombs you can preemptively stop those, think how much  that would bring in.
What are you going to ban Next, Planes filled with gas cans landing on crowds? He had many means to kill a lot of people.
Simple-just like Dem minds. Your state seceded.  You’re not in the picture, Dianne.
How about bringing back the ban on AR15's? Get rid of semi automatics altogether. register all guns and do background checks.
Another idiot there was never a ban on ar15s but ssshhh don’t tell anyone
Thank you Sen Feinstein, for fighting this never ending uphill battle for gun control.
THANK YOU Senator Feinstein, from a mommy 
Thank you Senator Feinstein!!!
Shows how litte she knows about mechanics

When lawn darts are banned in 1989 due to a death in 1987, use the same logic to ban guns in 2017.
Lawn darts are not protected by the constitution. Huge difference.
Where were you when this was allowed by the ATF during the Obama administration?
Personally, I don’t have or want one. But, this is a futile attempt. Mental health & due process is what’s needed to make an impact.
I guess the secret service and congressman and the Senate have to learn how to defend themselves. Or it doesn't apply you all?
You think the secret service carries automatic weapons?
So you are going to allow the NRA to throw out a bone and you are going to take it.  This is NOT enough.
https://goo.gl/EivKFQ 
SENATOR EXPLAIN IT TO THEM !THAT LIFE IS MORE PRECIOUS THAN ECONOMICS !THEY WILL UNDERSTAND!
Another rocket scientist thete toni
I never knew ppl were so disengaged and misinformed.. wow!
So are belt loops included?
Ssshhhhh! Reggie

Convince both Foreign and domestic enemies to give up their full auto weapons? If not, then you clearly fight AGAINST Constitutional aims.
The problem is you Democrats push an inch at a time. Look at what's happened to CA.
And this would have.... stopped the Vegas shooter? Are we outlawing belts, too?
#if
Ty. From Kentucky
Common Sense laws a requirement for a viable democracy. Thanks Diane
The term "common sense" was perverted long ago. It no longer holds that meaning. #GunSense #fail
