What do you think we should do about all of our homeless. Are you aware of the Hep A epidemic & related deaths in San Diego?
Oh no. Hep a epidemic? Didn't know this.
Promises to these young people must be kept.
Potential Democrat Voters you mean.
Every child born in America today, inherits 60K of nat'l debt.  Nat'l debt grows 2.4B every 24HRs!  When can Amrca recover, worry about self
Preserve an Executive Order??  One that skirted Congress as if Obama had a RIGHT to create law?  Are you daft?
Why are we giving so much attention money and concern to people who broke the law and have more considerations over AMERICANS? FU
You were put in office to protect American citizens. Start doing your job & let Mexico take care of it's citizens. You're  inviting more
You should be removed from office you do NOT support AMERICANS you support criminals
$2.2 Billion dollars a year is spent on food assistance programs such as SNAP (food stamps),WIC, & free school lunches for illegal aliens
Time to stop the cash cow! We the tax payers, are fed up with high income tax, high property taxes, goods taxes, we're taxed to death! 
You should know the DACA Act was illegal, as stated by former Pres-Obama. So how will this play out in the court? Judge will throw this out.
And waste our time and money...again. or can POTUS change law via EO? If so, get rid of ObamaCare, @POTUS.
B4 you buy totally into your AG keep in mind his quote to @sacbee_news "We don't bait and switch in this country" then balance it with this:
We are becoming our own 3rd world country.  Thanks to Dems, Illegals run rampant.  Pay gangs 4 peace in Sacramento.  No more illegal immgtn
CA AG wants to sue Trump for eliminating DACA-an illegal Act-while he has illegal acts of his own. 
http://amp.dailycaller.com/2017/09/12/exclusive-dws-it-guy-was-banned-from-house-after-trying-to-hide-secret-server/ …
very smart, Dianne...you are asking legal action to reverse POTUS, to reinstate DACA which already has been delared unconstitutional
You have innocent blood on your hands for allowing and encouraging illegals to come here
Dems R not more compassionate than others, they R Globalist.  Will weaken America w/mass immgtn, kill middle class, take our guns & dominate
Isn't that rich coming from a Bigot who hates Christians. I wish you stood up for the American people like you do immigrants as well.
They should be filing lawsuits against Congress. Y’all are the ones responsible for immigration law and the misappropriated funds.
Why don't you do your job so called lawmaker and write a law and get it passed. This #Republican  would support them becoming citizens
No, that would invite more illegals coming into our country. Mexico needs to fix their problems, we have enough of our own. 20 trillion debt
Retire. Your part of the 20 trillion deficit
Yes, let's see her give up her pay lime President Trump has, let's see her give up a million dollars from her coffers like he's done.
Regan gave amnesty 2 3M illegals.  Today we have 36M?  Compassion is seen as weakness, invites more lawbreakers.  Cannot continue w/DACA!
#Medicare4All are you with us or against?
20 TRILLION IN DEBT! Where are you going to pull the out of, a magical hat? Oh wait I forgot, we the taxpayers who have an unlimited  sup
OFCOURSE!How else could Dems win the so-called 'popular vote' If Cali doesnt Keep Its illegals?Corrupt Dems like Killary rely on their vote!
1 lawsuit out of 400 filed or sponsored by Diane.  When O implemented DACA, # was 15M. 9 yrs since, DACA has children, spouses etc.  NO more
and not support american tax player's children.
Dear Senator,
For your DACA work-- I thank you, the DREAMers thank you, and those who are able to care, thank you. Bless you.
So make them citizens of California.
calling these illegals as dreamers same as calling rapists lover, same logic
You need to go back to the nursing home dear...you have lost your mind: #termlimits
Why are you defending an Exex Order? Do your job and pass new immigration law!
Senator why do you pass a law? bill?
https://twitter.com/trumpsblonde/status/907707736036659202 …
On another note, do know tgere is no teligious test to hold public office? It's in Constitution. You should resign immediately!
DACA was nothing more then a way to gain more votes for the Democrats. Think they only bring up issues and never attend to solve the issues.
If the Democrats really wanted to protect the Dreamers they should had made a better law that would do so.
1)So just any person can illegally come over the border, break our laws, and leave their children here illegally? That like if I were to-
2)-break and enter into an adoption home steal and vandalize then leave a child I don't want on the front doorstep. How can you be in favor?
Senator, It does not take a genius to know that suing for something illegal is without merit and plainly stupid.
U support breaking of the Constitution just so your party can secure votes. I hate to break it to you but next voting, a lot more scrutiny.
If you believe this than you are a FOOL.
You protect illegal foreigners over your own people of CA, life long residents of CA...  the voters. These issues need to be on the ballot!!
No we don't. And not with my tax dollars. You along with all your other California elected scum need to go.
YUP! Because the Democrats need the votes!!!
Your A Senator.   Why didn't you stand up make a law to help the dreamers.  Hypocrite.   Do not vote for Feinstein
You need to be voted out before you sell us, the American people, to the highest bidder. Hathred lives loudly in you!
What about protecting American citizens, that's your job and it's what the citizens pay you for?
Pathetic hack job fraud
Have you thought about the homeless veterans?  Put the money into helping them!
Homeless Veterans do not vote! Plain & simple.  Unbelievable disrespect for our nation!  These people need to b removed from office!
Agreed
Deport them .illegal is illegal. Deport you too.
Sen,please explain why it's O.K. with you for a Catholic(dogma lite?)
to be AG of Ca.but you vehemently oppose Catholics in Fed judiciary.
Obummer set this illegal act in motion, giving you opportunity to fix the problem but you waited. You're a devious and evil politician.

No it was never legal no one asked us the voters
You people must think that the typical American is ignorant. I'm here to tell you,nobody looks more ignorant today than the Democratic Party
You can look it up on YouTube, when at the time Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi said" we will know what's in the bill when we pass it" OMG
Do your job and Washington save the DACA program, then get to work on helping us. Obamacare is too expensive for a person like me. Recognize
It's okay to help DACA recipients, but illegal immigration must stop now. Sanctuary City should not exist, American people come first.
Haven't you people figured out why Trump became president, I thought we made it clear on November 8th. Obviously not. Like I said, disgrace.
The Democratic party has become a disgrace, and this is  coming from a lifelong Democrat. You and your colleagues are letting us down.
Not everyone is Rich senator, you need to come out of your bubble and start helping the American people. We need living wages, do you care?
I've worked my ass off for 30 years, served my country, and all I see from the Democrats is the middle finger. So keep working hard for DACA
Try something un natural and pledge allegiance to our republic. If you dont like the one we have, you should leave!
You people need to get to work in Washington if you want to help the DACA program. Stop suing our president for making you do your job. Joke
I can almost guarantee your family's doing okay, and your friends and their kids. While the rest of us struggle just to survive.
While I work 60 hours a week for minimum wage, you guys just keep on spending Millions to help foreigners. The American dream is dead for us
thanks to you and your colleagues in the Democratic Party, my generation is worse off than my parents generation. Thank you for the help.
From the time we are children were told that were lucky, to live in America because we have opportunity here where other countries don't.
I can't thank you enough Miss Feinstein,for caring more about people from other countries then the people of your own state. We are dreamers
Now they're going to use millions of tax dollars to help people that aren't even American citizens and shouldn't be here in the first place.
223,000 dreamers, that's funny from the time I was a child, I was a dreamer. But as an American, my politician slowly took those dreams away
Il-Legal action to fight for illegal aliens pure and simple. Why don't we call it what it really is?
It's hard to get into UC with a 3.92! Kiddo's High School doesn't have Honors English or Honors French ~only Honors Spanish! #DACA Not fair!
Unlawful immigrant households receive approx $24,721 in government benefits while paying just $10,334 in taxes!
Many DACA recipients r devout Christians and the dogma lives loudly within them. Yet you support them, berate a fed appointee for the same
In your Holy Inquisition to purify Gov, of dogma strong Catholics refer to F. LaGuardia, used gov stature to give hope to Displaced Persons.
Being that you grew up in a Russian Orthodox home ur support of DACA "TROUBLES" me.  I don't believe ur informed enough.  #DOGMA
You have done NOTHING for years about DACA recipients. We'll see what you do now!!
Interesting you support this, but you are a religious bigot using religion as a litmus test for judges.  You're a total hypocrite
And to hell with the rest?
Forget all the American citizens that are suffering
Why are you taking legal action. Trump wants you to fix it legally. Obama did it illegally. Oh that's right you would have to work.
cost of educating illegal aliens children. K-12  costs taxpayers $122000 for each illegal alien,  FREE school lunches every day for 13 yrs
Yeah sure you do. Why not give California back to Mexico.
Ridiculous... you are a Senator pass a law!!!
Why are you so against Christians in public service?
They just want to keep children here so their goons around them have someone to rape... seems to be that's what are government is "rapists"
Yet doing so stomping on the faces of citizens and those that came the legal way...
When breaking the law becomes something our gov fights 4
No longer the America we grew up in. People worked for what they needed, they didn't depend on the government to do everything for them.
No you don't protect dreamers. You protect the citizens of this country. We should come first. Or did you forget? Should you be voted out?
I don't understand. All these celebs and politicians want us to pay for dreamers. Why don't they start their own plan and fund it themselves


Are illegal immigrants more important to you than citizens and legal immigrants? Sure seems like it.

Personally want DACA kids to stay, but how come so many in gov seem to care so much for illegal immigrants& so little for the rest of us.




Your JOB. You have at least six months, if not two years. Do something, or not, but stop trying to bypass Congessional duty, your duty.



They are breaking the law and you encourage it
You're in Congress. YOU take legal action and pass new law, or not. Under constitution, this is Congressional job, not Admin's, not Court's.
No more amnesty!
#KatesLaw 
Research it.. Trump saved #daca.. now you do your job
When he loses this case, which he will, he will prove he's only the AG for one reason.
Perhaps you can now support single payer, or do you have more insurance fundraisers to attend?
Of course you do, you have no problem wasting federal tax dollars either.
GIVE TAX REBATES TO PURCHASES OF THESE VEHICLES! SO THERE NUMBERS WILL INCREASE DRAMATICALLY! AND WE CAN BEGIN TO PHASE OUT COMBUSTI ENGINE
SENATOR I WAS WRIGHT ABOUT HEALTHCARE I AM WRIGHT IN THIS GIVE SUBSIDIES ALL NATIONS TO ALL AUTO CORP TO ALTER ENGINE DESIGN TO ELECTRIC !
Your defense and support of these dreamers is an insult to the millions of immigrants that came here through the proper, legal channels.
you support legal action to support an unconstitutional act by a former president thought you swore to up hold the constitution
What about helping our veterans and the homeless US citrizens? Who comes 1st, American citizens or the children of illegal aliens? #MAGA
Feinstein you all had the house the senate and the president and did nothing. Stop the fake narrative of racism. Support the Constitution.
I guess that's 223k potential voters....right Dianne?
You protect dreamers but not citizens. Disgraceful again.
How can an unconstitutional act be upheld. You swore an oath to support the constitution and you completely ignore it. Disgraceful
Wish senator Feinstein would spend her time representing/protecting American citizens vs. Citizens from other countries
Gee Senator, seems like it's your job to make laws. Nice to see your  interest in this since you ignored it under Obama. Do your job.
Thank you, on behalf of my students who work hard, pay taxes, and just want a chance.
...DEMs suing to overturn the Constitution....thus should be interesting.
You don't stand for anything America stands for.
We will remember and persist till laws are obeyed and enforced. No place for human/chid smuggling  It causes human suffering at many levels
No place for human/chil.d smuggling
Good luck with that.  You'll lose in the courts because it's ILLEGAL.
You are pretty DOGMATIC in being a communist fascist liberal traitor to this country. dogmatic globalist.
Sad day for law abiding californians great day for smugglers and illegals. We will not forget the sacrifices LEOs who fought to make us safe
2012 illegal aliens sent home $62 BILLION in remittances back to their countries of origin. This is why Mexico is getting involved in this

Siding with DACA is siding against america. Traitor. You should be tried for treason by not honoring rule of law.
Y must we protect them? Not consistent w/enforcement of law against HIRING illegals! If it's illegal 4"dreamers" 2 work how can they exist?
Just be honest you want the Hispanic vote without it you would lose your 30 plus years in the Senate
But what about homeless Americans and their kids? Why do dems leave Americans in the dust while supporting illegals that dont even like us.
Could you please support the American citizens rather than illegals?  For once, please????
Those "dreamers"
Are one reason your state is so broke !   Try defending the constitution instead of illegal  aliens
Absolute truth! As a Californian making my exit plans. This state is SCREWED!
Waste of time!!!!
I wonder if she's been to CA. San Diego has a Hepatitis crises from feces on the streets, Fires, roads need repair, dams, bridges etc..
You mean protect your votes! #trueTheVote
Excellent, Senator. Now get on board with #MedicareForAll - add your name to the list

Can we please get the majority of Congress in agreement with this soon. It cannot be put on hold and definitely cannot trust DJT.
How about all of you that support DACA pay for the Dreamers if it means that much to you. We'll let U ALL sign up to have YOUR pay deducted.

Absolutely love this.
How about you do tour damn job and pass a legal law for #DACA. Unless you want presidents to write laws for you. #GetOffYourAssAndDoYourJob
You support wasting money.
It is up to Congress.  Not POTUS.  Repeal ACA,  tax reform. first
It's our state not yours
a try to save her face??? too late, tho!!!
What are you doing about protecting #Dreamers instead of just talking like you always do #emptywords.
If this happens then no EO will ever be allowed to be overturned. Is that what you really want? Think about it.
Here are your DACA dreamers. End DACA now.
I dont think you have a firm grasp of what a law is and how one is passed and enforced.  Its not your fault.  You are a Democrat.
Picture wOrth  1,000 words
