I bet they find some files that reveal CNN's collusion with the CIA.  That will be awesome.
Sen. Feinstein -Pls fight for us, we depend on you. Subpoena Trump's taxes & impeach this maniac from WH!
Leaks... to MSM Hillary & Obama made statements for months hints of things on intel. Lifting security
let's pay attention to the decimation at the STATE DEPT

lol
the CIA spied on you! What are you talking about!
get a life. You been in way to long need fresh blood to fix CA.
just like dems keep.screaming trumprussia despite clappers words of no collusion. Give up losers
this is CNN pick to speak remember her scandals & don't worry about Wikileaks exposed CIA info just who exposed it
secret service checks phones for bugs how do u know what was found ?
How on earth can you say it is unfounded?  We know Obama has no limits when it comes to trying to keep control.
Childish logic on the intelligence committee: If you're not loyal to US then don't join CIA. Lololol
right no concerns of content in leaks just people leaking that's not for americans
Unfounded? Really? You have no business in public service. We the people will have to cleanup your rubbish.
Why don't these Senators tell us how much they get paid to run these trash talk campaigns and who is behind it?
Contract employees do not have the same loyalty or perspective to the country.  They just do not.  Ask soldiers
"wikileaks has a 100% record of accurate authentication" -just stop, it's too late and it's pathetic!!
Yet you knew about it.
"Unfounded", lol! Maybe it's time to retire, you and the rest of the nutty bunch.
again not answering direct questions. This old #BattleAxe needs to retire. #Vault7 #wikileaks #GovermentCorruption
As per a woman pushing the Russia narrative. Why did the dnc not want to give up computers? Hmm
@laserhaas01 @SenFeinstein @TheLeadCNN @YouTube bc they don't want anymore of their lying bullshit exposed... Why else! 
if wikileaks were spillng shit about trump,. the lelfties would be loving them!
fake news much?
let me help you. Please check files/report regarding my stolen credentials & on authorize name change.
Go back to Ca. & your snail darter fraud water grab
Thank you for saying what you did. I completely agree and understand the gravity of your concerns.
I agree that contracting out security is insane.  Govt service is mission over money.
yeah like I believe anything the Dems say now, and interviewing w/CNN says it all.
what did you do during the US Senate Select on Obama admin spying on @AP reporters and private citizens? #LapDog
. It is people exactly like you is WHY we need TERM LIMITS
Dear Mr Trump: Drain the Swamp, please.
Like anyone with a brain is going to believe you.
How many federal contracts have you steered to your family Diane, who happens to be worth several tens of millions
Wikileaks has never been wrong!! I'd hate to be in Obamas shoes right now
U must be joking. No doubt now that u Dems R scurrying w/fear knowing that U 2 have been spied on by ur own!
you are really going to stick to that story?
Guess you never heard of #WIKILEAKS or #Vault7 - great investigating, you folks are as sharp as bowling balls!
Latest Trump Wiretapping Accusation on Obama Just the Tip of the Iceberg
Dear @SenFeinstein : @TheLeadCNN 
Please retire -
sooner rather than later. 

Sincerely,
Your Constituents
POTUS WAS RIGHT AGAIN, FBI released info that INTEL had tapped Trumps computer,news story @SaraCarterDC
meanwhile the CIA hack everyone in the world except the presidential candidate yeah right
FAKE NEWS.  FEINSTEIN one of worst things in CA.
God she sucks just as bad as CNN
Unfounded???  Lol, ask Wikileaks.

Most Classified & Gagged Person in the History of the US:

@SibelEdmonds…
Boy, This was a real Algonquin round table
you all never thought the truth will come out.
. Shame on you, lier  @TheLeadCNN
while you are at "unfounded accusations" maybe you can go into Trump's Russian links story?
Do you know what else is unfounded? You democrats' accusations of "RUSSIANS!!!". Provide evidence or shut up.
.. Dianne.. the jig is up. So many felonies so little time.

So you can prove beyond the shadow of a doubt that the claim is false? @TheLeadCNN @YouTube
@jaketapper 

Nobody kisses ass quite as well as Jake Tapper. But hey, his tan looks great right?
Well, well a Communist California senator who is as stupid as Pelosi. The anti-gun lady is not credible.
she is the closest thing I've ever seen to a talking corpse
Nancy's formaldehyde is leaking if they'd just lie down shovel rdy jobs right there
'unfounded'  The CIA and NSA have been invading every single Americans privacy which is against the law.
you have zero credibility
I hope Wikileaks's releases on you next ..
The corruption needs to be exposed, there needs to be prosecutions. Justice needs to prevail
give us back our second amendment rights in California like you have , you are a hypocrite Dianne 
NO NO NO , you need to give @realDonaldTrump  a chance , I'm sick of all you #evil democrats
Unfounded?Try reading the 1% of #Vault7 or maybe just flap your gums until the 99% is released. Slowly. Painfully.
The NYT reported the fact of the wiretaps in January. Wake up old woman, your narrative is over.
Feistein has known what the CIA has been doing for many years. WHY did she NOT reign them in? #Unconstitutional
..LIAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
.@SenFeinstein @TheLeadCNN @YouTube Let's discuss how you PROTECTED foreign #pimps TORTURING teen girls in hometown #SanFrancisco 30 yrs!
could you do California a huge favor and retire? You're a poster child for term limits.
How about the content, @wikileaks has never been proved wrong. He has high standards CIA is rogue, we want truth.
Isn't that the Pot calling the Kettle black?  "Disclaimer' (black = color of cooking utensil) 4 the record
So she say's Pres. Trump has no proof of his claim yet the Dems have no proof on their claim 'bout the Russians...
UNFOUNDED? You guys have been screaming about the Russians since the election. Where did that info come from. 
Retire already. You're useless.
Are you aware of BO of seeing any transcripts of any conversations of Trump/associates?
Diane  Feinstein knows that there are illegal wiretapping going on and they are done as political ammunition.

While you weren't looking, Dem-media election-hacking narrative just collapsed. My @NRO column - http://www.nationalreview.com/article/445522/russian-election-hacking-fbi-not-investigating-trump-campaign …
know way do I believe anything you are any Dimm wit says

Germany has released a statement saying it is taking CIA hacking "very seriously" because "these type of issues emerge....again and again". 

Vlad Putin's bank put a top Clinton fundraiser's lobbying firm on its payroll in the middle of the 2016 election 
what would we do without our brilliant, hard working, insightful Senator Feinstein.
#wewillsee #termlimitsforcongress
You want proof from Trump about the wiretapping. Where's the proof the Russians interfered with the election?
Exactly! Were still waiting
why not go on @FoxNews, I want to hear a few more pointed question. #Vault7 #wikileaks
Guess what NO ONE believes you FOOLS!
unfounded?
Your gaslighting doesn't work; NUTS TO YOU! #Vault7 #FakeNewsMedia
throw out the hate senator. Trump is steps ahead of your party. Help fix the problem and it isn't Trump
Wow, what a huge liar. Zero credibility, Dianne.
WikiLeaks reveals the CIA's incredible misdeeds and your concern is finding the whistleblower. Wow. What the fuck?
"unfounded"? That's just funny.
Corrupt ass official U should B removed from office along with all other corrupt officials Traitors
senator owes the American public an apology for letting this happen on her watch.
Did you also discuss the Demo's unfounded Russian /Trump claim
how come you only interview with cnn and msn the biggest fake news out there.So you should know about the spies
sorry but they have the proof of the fisa taken out 2 times on trump towers.so that means your lying.Cia is bad
#CNNhasVD
Gee you have been eaten bad beans or which is most likely, incredible stupid. Why is it, all dem  shiver heads???
.@SenFeinstein @TheLeadCNN "Nothing to see here" she says. "Now back to climate change" she says
I joined @TheLeadCNN this afternoon to discuss WikiLeaks and the president’s unfounded wiretap claim. https://youtu.be/7tPd6LcdxEc 
unfounded yet real hacking.
weren't u allegedly hacked by the CIA over torture reports? #derp #givemeabreak #hawk #fake #progressive
says someone whose husband got the contract to sell off US post office buildings. Purge Dem senators.
Bot!
Wasn't it Feinstein that Obama had surveiled?
Bot!
unfounded? Hahaha! Guess you cannot read
and the unfounded Russia claims?
Obama & the CIA hacked Trump. The Russia story is a ruse. You dopes not fooling anyone
thank you
Anyone with common sense would simply say "I don't know" or simply stay home. @SenFeinstein @TheLeadCNN Clueless with confidence. Sad!
Bot!
are the CIA file being "vetted" you losers?
Part of the SWAMP
This was funny! I almost believed her. NOT.
go wax your carrot while looking at pictures of #45.
Unfounded? ask the German chancellor about her "unfounded" claim in 2013
Strange how your lips are moving but you ain't talking about "AR-47's" ...
You don't know if it's unfounded. You and snake make a good pair
Didn't need to obtain FISA order,let CIA listen ILLEGALLY to &Trump. Intel Commt , my ass! Major CYA!
can u retire early? We would like to drain the swamp ASAP! You have ruined our country!
what a joke these people are too much
Oh Dianne, you're NOT fooling Anyone
did you discuss the "unfounded" RUSSIA claims?
Just like your unfounded claim that the Trump campaign was colluding with the Russians?
they have the malware to put the Russia footprint on it and they STILL couldn't do it! 
And fake news reports it.
this is shocking to Dianne Feinstein
A democrat old camel... oy vey! Predictable replies folks. Too predictable! Probably rehearsed.
term limits!
Did the CIA provide the database to Obama?
Maxine Waters BRAGS About Obama's Extensive Database On EVERYONE 
#MuslimBan #WireTapGate #mondaymotivation 
Lying is a required skill for all democRats in politics and MSM. Who to believe? 
Not a bot, bot!
You will see!
Her girlfriend Maxine already throw them all under the bus by admitting it on the air. Don't believe her?
You lost power and the dem party will collapse in 2018 after two years of Trump job growth...
Clinton campaign manager Robert Mook confirms Trump tower wiretap
Hey Feinstein couple, why don't you us about your crooked money "deals" to benefit yourselves first!
did you discuss Pelosi's refuted (by NSA/FBI/CIA) claim of Russian-Trump collusion?

Obama, the Left and fake news literally accuse Trump of committing treason with Russia but Trump can't say Obama wiretapped him?

…
there is no unfounded wiretap claim. Actual definition maybe off but definitely spying did take place
Counterdicts herself
Clueless Dianne Feinstein--Do You Read
Facts unnecessary..as a matter fact, they're dangerous.
Was your claim unfounded?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SZUzQXOSzJY …
Unfounded? Right. We'll all know how 'unfounded' his claim is sooner than you might want.
IF THERE IS NOTHIGN TO FEAR IT SHOULDN'T BE A PROBLEM.LET THEM DO THEIR WORK.UNLESS THERE IS SOMETHING TO FEAR.
oH @jaketapper ...please don't tell me you dropped the ball on this one and didnt ask about Levin's reporting???
Funny how you're still a damn hypocrite.

FISA warrant
Here's former Clinton Campaign Mgr, Roby Mook confirming #wiretapping.  #wednesdaywisdom https://youtu.be/CLNFzj36T-c 
I'm a constituent. What's it gonna take to get an independent investigation? How long must we be embarassed?
Not unfounded and we will determine if you knew as well.
u just admitted little oversight over CIA?! & they have access 2 #apple #samsung #windows #android?! #wtf
ur statements prove that ur interests R not 4 protecting ordinary #citizens! #gtfo of #politics #pr
so the intelligence agencies need to be slaves to state propaganda? And not act to protect citizens?
wasn't the existence of a FISA warrant made public by the media?
Vault 7 is proving Trumps point Senator.
@realDonaldTrump just needs a distraction from #TrumpRussia collusion accusations, tho could easily release taxes
Stop with your fake news Bullshit Dookoful
thank you for fighting for the truth I hope we can one day impeach trump
