You do NOT get to determine for everyone else, the best plan for them. If you want a plan with maternity, pay for it yourself.
You don't get to deny people essential healthcare by allowing insurance carriers to charge them extra for it.
That's what the ACA coverage mandates prevent.

So tell your Senators & Rep to vote against #AHCA/#BCRA & to #SaveTheACA.
You mean force me to pay for someone elses insurance? No way! Let #Obamacare implode! Let the suckers pay 4their own insurance! @SecPriceMD
ACA is not imploding.  Politicians who tell you otherwise are lying.  Don't fall for the con:
VERIFIED: Trump/Price HHS report admits ACA markets are stable—the risk pool is not worsening as claimed. 
https://www.cms.gov/CCIIO/Programs-and-Initiatives/Premium-Stabilization-Programs/Downloads/Summary-Reinsurance-Payments-Risk-2016.pdf … 
ACA has allowed >20 million Americans to gain access to healthcare, saved >100,000 lives, & kept costs lower than they would have been.
#AHCA/#BCRA/#Trumpcare would more than reverse that, causing 23 million Americans (±10%) to lose healthcare coverage.
That would kill 28,000 Americans per year: https://www.americanprogress.org/issues/healthcare/news/2017/06/22/434917/coverage-losses-senate-health-care-bill-result-18100-27700-additional-deaths-2026/ … .
Govt needs to get out of the health care business
The insurance industry is taking advantage of the fragmented, state-based insurance regulatory system.
SEE WHAT YOUR REP GOT:
MEMBER LIST CONTRIBUTIONS :
Unless mandated, only the rich will be able to afford coverage for preexisting conditions.
Dear Senator Feinstein, you are telling the truth, I was sold a fake plan before Obamacare and was supposed to pay 3 years before coverage!
What is a junk plan? No sex change operations covered ?U forget ins co r regulated
Insurance companies are regulated in large part _by ACA_.  Which prevents junk plans like "You got cancer?  Chemo isn't covered."
Tell your Senators & Rep to vote against #AHCA/#BCRA.  Prevent mass death.

And cut out the cissexist / gender essentialist bigotry.
I don't care what u want to be who u want to marry. Don't shove it in my face
This sort of insurance policy causes bankruptcies
#NoBCRA
They also need for unexpected. No one knows what is going to happen! That is what insurance is for!  Healthy one day may not be the next.
love market solutions!  Competition
Most people, even healthy athletes have prior injuries/preexisting conditions.
How craven and corrupt can the GOP be?
Single payer...
Let the consumer decide if it's junk...
ONE MANS JUNK IS ANOTHER MANS TREASURE 
Open the markets across state lines & let the people choose
Sounds like Obamacare Senator
Insurance companies are the problem. Have you ever filed a claim for anything and then see your premiums go up?!
Yes and to expand coverage to include the Mito cocktail
Allowing the same worn out people to remain in DC is the problem DRAIN THE SWAMP
Never get an answer from you on what kind of plan you have...is it 100% pd.?
The ACA mandates junk plans.  It is useless to me.
Single Payer#resist
I don't need #federal gov. forcing me 2by pregnancy insurance when I don't even have a period anymore or pay4kids I don't hv! @SecPriceMD
we need Obamacare....that's what we need...not a bunch of lies about what will be better for us....#Truth
No! I'm not paying for your care! @SecPriceMD Either let it explode or repeal the crap! @POTUS @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @VP @jeffsessions
You know what is better for young Americans?  You are living in a bubble.  Don't force people into coverage they don't need.  Authoritarian!
Allowing Junk politicians like you is hurting our country!
It is a shame what insurance companies have done to insurance.
So true!  Chronic illness don't get cured and symptoms fluctuate.  Good health care and drug coverage let's us function daily.
Those with pre-existing wouldn't buy low end plans.. More lies or half truths from Feinstein.. Dinosaur!!! Term Limits are a must.
Who doesn't? Nobody can predict serious illness.
We need plans to cover all care not just critical care plans!
$245 MILLION BIG BUCKS TO CONGRESS:
Thank you.
Very true!
AMEN AND AMEN!
It would drive regular plans' premiums up -most people could only afford junk plans in the end -so MORE people without healthcare! #GOPEvil
This is my huge fear-plans will cost$$$$$ & none of my cancer meds will be covered. Than put a life time cap on that. I am toast!
This is pure garbage from the Republicans, it's more sabotage in the individual market
They need to stay out the realm of healthcare, or we will always be at their whim, as they are at the shareholders whim. #SinglePayer
Insurance companies are a HUGE part of the problem. Americans won't have the care we deserve until they're gone.
just get rid of insurance. Good for people. Good for business/jobs.
How stupid does @tedcruz really think we are.  Didn't Wall Street flood the market with worthless junk bonds years ago, how'd that work out?
I will go for it if we can throw in some junk libtard dem congressman
Such old tiring scare tactics... do your job Dianne or retire !!
The ins comps' products, practices & reimbursements are at the heart of healthcare & it gets little attention. They need to be accountable
What do you mean by 'junk plans'? With pre-existing conditions, high premiums/deductibles just reflect the high cost of healthcare here.
T are 45 universal healthcare nations on earth. Americans are human like those people. Why don't we have a better system? Ask Republicans
Medicare for All!
Stop appeasing insurance companies and get costs in check!
But what is McConnell  up to? he announce a vote next week. Have his secret deals locked down needed bad votes.
Why do you think you have all the answers? That's what the market place is for. Get govt out. If you like IRS you'll love govt health care
They need to fuhgetta 'bout it! Seriously, the ACA  is pretty good as it is... A tweak here a tweak there, is all it needs!
Junk Plans should be prohibited by State Insurance Commissioners, as designed to defraud the elderly, poor & uninformed. Not to insure them.
If insurers sell Junk Plans across state borders, the Federal Government should prohibit it as fraudulent policies; fraud by mail.
Why most Republicans don't they care about the health of American people? 45 universal healthcare nations on earth. Why we don't deserve one
Junk plans? What about those of us that don't want to buy the plans you make them sell? We should be able to choose what we buy. Not you.
Thank you Senator for standing up for those who need you. 
We have been there and done that!
Insurance co profit driven vs care delivery. Drug companies create drugs for lifelong dependency vs cure. Leads to  constant cost increase.
Would you buy a car with a pre-existing transmission problem?
Is there any single insurance product that is one size fits all? Democrats would like Americans to think so
Please don't let the Russian puppet get away with this !! Millions of lives depends on the sane senators !! Equality on health care !!
How many mkting $'s would http://ins.co 's spend to sell 'bad' plans? More than their current ACA taxes?
We will be back where we were. Medical bankruptcies!!! A high threshold of coverage is needed necessary.
Acknwledged: Sen. Dianne Feinstein,TRUTH
Senator Feinstein I am Stage 3 colon cancer survivor...diagnosed with Sarcoidosis at the same time cancer was found! Healthcare is a right!
That's funny, I don't recall seeing healthcare anywhere in The Bill of Rights. #getgovernmentoutofhealthcare
HUMAN RIGHT!
Nope. It's a product.
I am confused about which laws have already changed. I just had to pay out of pocket for yearly mammogram. I did not think that was legal.
Don't you think people know what they need or can afford. I'm tired of government telling me how or what to do with my life.
We had junk mini med plans. They didn't cover catastrophic. That's what people need to be covered for - all people.
Follow the Money! Impeach @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan #TrumpRussia 
#SaveMedicaid    #followbackresistance
Pull Kushner clearance! Stop Kislyak from leaving!  Follow the Money! Impeach @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan #TrumpRussia

With the increase of new patients having good health and pre-existing conditions... There should be a way.
Obamacare does not cover my daughter's pre-exisiting condition now. She was born with 60% hearing loss. FYI in case anyone wants to fix that
They need Universal Healthcare Dianne.
Right because the same idiots who've racked up 20 trillion in debt should be allowed to control our healthcare
Please invite @lisamurkowski out for coffee and explain this to her. Girls night or something.
