(2/3) Mr. Tillerson, the former CEO of Exxon, repeatedly evaded questions on transparency and corporate responsibility.
(3/3) I’m concerned with Tillerson’s history of putting his business interests ahead of the larger national interest.
I am SICKENED by you & EVERY democrat that FAILED to stand up for your constituents. ALL Trump nominees deserve a NO vote!
Typical DEM, you know nothing about the noms - just what you have been told to believe. u've been manipulated
You have,"hidden," ibformation that hasn't been released to the public. Typical GOP news source Faux News
1-not GOP, 2-nvr watch Fox. 3-nvr watch CNN/MSNBC, etc. . . all equally biased and FAKE with FOX.
Wherever you are getting your info, you are mis-informed.
please get used to it as many were during BHO reign like 150 billion to Iran and no inner city help - ever
Ill bet u voted 2 confirm all of Obama's pix. bcz ur a racist
Cry us a river, keep whining your Baby Killer was defeated get your puppy and find a safe space, take towels to cry on.
It's about time you voted against one of them. Truly disappointed in the lack of conviction.
thank you for voting no. Please keep fighting
fighting for what?  What exactly do you want her to fight for?  In your own words, don't just regurgitate the Dem talking points.
this message isn't for you, no need for your suggestion
.@SenFeinstein You voted almost 100% in line with Trump- AGAINST the people you represent. Good luck with reelection in 2018, you'll need it
what does almost 100% mean?
lazy way of me not having to look up exactly how many votes were not in line with trump. I think it's 2?
Well then do your job and fight for us!
Thank you for your NO vote.
honestly I can't believe this. The system is failing the American people. We need all senate democrats to take a hard stand.
Why do we remain powerless over this cancer called @realDonaldTrump and his Gestapo?
hey Diane ! Wait till u see who the next Supreme Court justice is!! Time to think about retirement to the rocking chair
I appreciated your efforts! There are some days you just cannot stop the train. Thank you for your spirit and your efforts.
Spoken like a true liberal democrat. I am a CA res and I resent the opposition for the excellent choices by Trump for Sec.'s
thank you for trying. Keep fighting.
.... I respectfully request that you post your voting records
If you're disappointed, it's probably good for the country. Your record speaks for itself. Have a wonderful day
Thank you
Hope progress is being made on the intel committee investigation.
I want a congress that can work together. That require both sides to make compromises once in a while. Life is not perfect.
I hope you can vote for Judge Neil Gorsuch.
Your committment 2 do research and right thing w nominees is admirable. Too bad Republicans dont have same Nat'l Sec interest.

Thank you!
3 democrats manchin warner heitkamp voted for tillerson. Can you explain this and manchin is voting for gorsuch. OUTRAGEOUS
My concern is DeVoss. Please get 1 more GOP to say no. Secretary of Education should know the basics of public education.
who cares about what you think!!WE THE PEOPLE WANT HIM!!!
if the democrats don't wage a war battle against trumps supreme court justice pick I am personally switching partys.
another Dem Hack without the ability to reason for yourself.
denying Republicans right to free speech and right to assemble is an attack on the constitution its time to assemble a Milita!
thank you
whether you like it or not Republicans have free speech and right to assemble you are denying constitutional rights!!!
when are you going to address these violent mobs before someone get killed????
As an American citizen I'm not disappointed nor concerned with his confirmation.
I'm disappointed you chose to confirm everyone else, what's wrong with you?
Happy to see you found your no vote
Who gives a crap about your hatred of President Trump and his appointees. U are hurting Democratic Party getting elected.
I share your disappointment that Tillerson was confirmed. I feel heard, and I appreciate your opposition!
dude retire already!!! You're fake af.
.@SenFeinstein I applaud your efforts to prevent the Tillerson nomination--wish you had followed suit on the rest of his nominees, however.
Thank you!
LOL 56-43 hahahahahahaha
you would oppose anyone who is not a radical liberal or not a Democrat. Starkiss it.
Senate lacks backbone needed! Lots of problems will be the senators who confirmed these right-wing assholes fault!
More fn war
I'm disappointed that any of these nominees were voted N by @SenateDems #StandUpToTrump &4your principles goes4 @SenateGOP too
I'm disappointed you haven't retired yet!
thank you for fighting!!
Disappointed in them. Proud of you!
Thank you finally Senator
So am I. We don't need an Oil King in that position. Especially not a waffled on Russian sanctions.
We want Trump out - impeached. We don't want his nominees or executive orders supported by Democrats. Period. No going along to get along.
NO on every single nom moving forward or enjoy retirement in 2018, Senator.
face it, you will find an excuse to obstruct Trump at every turn because you are a partisan hack.
let's face it, the Democratic loss was so bad the next 4 yrs belongs to someone else!
But you're okay having voted for Pompeo Kelly Chao Mattis Haley? Who are you, what have you done with Diane Feinstein? Shame.
suck it up buttercup!
thank you
Many constituents angered by your previous votes, but thank you for opposing Tillerson--we need you to also oppose Pruitt!
disappointment is far too genial for me
u gotta stop being disappointed and start getting angry
we expect u to filibuster the Supreme Court Nominee and STOP giving Trump nominees an affirmative vote!!!
we will make sure you are not reelected in 2018. All of your votes for DT's cabinet are unacceptable.#byebye
i'm disappointed you didn't even have an open mind. Last time I looked, rep. won the Wh. They pick people they want
like your husband doesn't have dealing with those same country! Hypocrite!
thank you for voting no! 90042
Now PUTIN's control of our foreign policy is complete. AND let the looting begin like Russia's "privatization" & "vouchers"
DEMAND an Independent Russian Espionage Investigation away from Congress so no Trumper sabotage #GetThemALLout #NoPence FOCUS
forget your disappointment. we're disappointed in you for voting for other nominees
no one cares.
Who cares what you think anymore, you are a dinosaur, california is in the shitter and we need blood in our state!
I seen you in the PI when you were just a mayor, we even sing for you. I thought of you highly then. Not anymore.
Bad news indeed but thank you so much for your clear and true voice.
@pyrophore Yea, me too. But you are working with a bunch of A$$holes.
. Who cares your from California. You was voted in by non Americas. Treat you like the fat kids on the playground
you voted yes for everyone else tho. Don't nobody wanna read this statement.
Since you once confirmed Gorshch for a judgeship, will you confirm him now for SCOTUS ?
why not? what would disqualify him?  In your own words - you probably know nothing about the guy - not what you are told to think.
please tell us that you are voting no on DeVos!!
Keep voting NO on EVERYTHING Trump wants. #OBSTRUCT #RESIST Treat him how McConnell treated President Obama. -your constituent
@IndivisibleCA52 Thank you!
Time to retire hack.
he is going to make a great secretary of state and he's not going to put his position up for sale to the highest bidder
Unbelievable.... and yet, they are just like Nazi's all over, the whole lot of them, wish Calif. would leave USA.
"Nazis"?  Sounds like bigoted ignorance talk to me.
lol, Repubilician..... bah
voted Obama '08, never voted for a Bush . . . maybe a bit GOP, but unlike you, can think for myself, not drunk on other's koolaid
But obviously you're not intelligent to have adult talk - name calling, bigotry, stereotyping . . . it's who you are
@SenWarren  .01%ers are going to get even richer because of new SOS! Cayman Island banks are going 2 b busy! #fill-the-swamp
I'm very happy they did this. VERY HAPPY.
Looks like you might have been wrong yet again
I wish you had voted against Trump's other appointees. Pruitt cannot be confirmed #SaveOurParks
LMAO - members of your own party voted for him - quit politicking
are you forever going to be on the wrong side of important issues?
I am appalled that the senate would confirm him!  GOP is steamrolling to push these people through! SHAM! CROOKED GOP!
OMG
So?
Thank you for voting against Tillerson.  Under the circumstances, little recourse available besides withholding backing.
Thank you for voting No. We stand with you!
He is not an interventionist. Good news for US. #Tillerson is going to meet Germany's @sigmargabriel tomorrow .
are you high??
perhaps you could've been more outspoken during the process and set a precedent by not approving people with little experience
but you'll probably vote yes anyway just like the four others. I'll be voting for someone else next time. #disappointed
.@SenFeinstein vote no on him and the rest of the appointees if you like your seat
I'm so frightened by the plutocracy we're becoming, @SenFeinstein. Thank you for opposing his appointment. Now...Pruitt...
Dianne is a part of that! Google her husband and read up:  Richard C. Blum!
Thank you for voting against Tilerson.
you are disappointed we are frightened
thank you for your opposition to having an oil exec as our Secretary of State.
you will get over it.
you're over. #disappointed
Oh really? Don't criticize, hypocrite- the 4 Trump cabinet nominees you voted YES are in their posts
I'm disappointed California is a ghetto.
The #russia connection-WAY beyond mere "hacking" now-must be investigated. The oil-money trail is glaringly obvious.
As my Senator can you do something about this sanctuary state nonsense that Calif. legislators are trying to ram through?

- Wait a second! You voted for Pompeo, Kelly, Chao, Haley & Mattis. Many of your #California constituents are disappointed.
U have to put some grown ups & experienced people in the NUTHOUSE or the inmates could do some irreparable damage!
Thank you for your vote against tillerson and supporting your constituents!
Thank you for opposing this confirmation.
@lasfca Thank you for voting the right way here, but you're still on super thin ice. See you at the primaries!
thank you for trying
With all due respect, how many YES's did U give to other nominees? Talk about Disappointed. I have voted 4 you since I was 18
Well, maybe it's time you quit being a cult follower . . . it starts with awareness of reality.
who said I was a cult follower? I believe in EVERYONE I vote 4. You can leave my mentions now.
"who said I was a cult follower? I believe in EVERYONE I vote 4" Sounds like the people of Jonestown . . . strong Kool-Aid there!
Thank you for trying!
Me too! Totally inappropriate! Encouraged that DeVos is now in jeopardy. Also bad fit!
I needed some encouragement!
Get Mark Warner out of senate.
thank you for this vote. No about those others....
you voted yes to how many of them? I'll wait to hear your response to that. You are a joke and being exposed like the rest.
Didn't you vote for nearly all his nominees?
Boohoo 
#dowhatyoucan
