No, WE DON'T HAVE THEIR BACKS! Californians are SICK AND TIRED to be pushed aside in favor for ILLEGALS! We're taxed dry 4 them!
U out NOV18
That is a sad statement to hear. I hope the people you love are able to come to you when they need it most. #DACA is about children!
No, #DACA is unconstitutional, and those "children" suck up our resources that should be used by American Dreamers! Enough already 
#EndDACA
Many of them contribute more than some of the people on government assistance. Many only know and love America as there home.
Illegals work illegally, stealing jobs from Americans, they don't pay taxes because the are ILLEGAL! We pay for their Food, Clothing, School
Is it really illegals bleeding us dry? How about the American who complain about Mexican labor but are not willing to pay more for your food
Thank you Senator Feinstein. We Californians stand behind DACA & support u in initiating long overdue Imigration Reform. Wishing 4 success!
"We Californians stand behind DACA"??? Speak for yourself! I live in Cali! Don't try to make it sound like is all pink and roses! 
#EndDACA
Can you move? :-)
I like them better though :-)
Go to Mexico a lot, love it! Thanks for asking 
Then prepare to be voted out in Nov 2018 because legal voters in CA do share your view
Don't stop there...tell us what the ILLEGAL voters in CA think.
I don't care what they or you think their opinions don't count in US they're ILLEGALS!
Russian bots don't have the capacity of having opinions or even count as Americans.
You keep clinging to that Russia conspiracy theory.  At least we can form our own opinions.  Yours are spoon-fed FAKE news.
Do you know what an opinion is?
I see I'm dealing with a real intellectual here.  Buh-bye.
You're afraid of real intellectuals?  indicative of Trump & his supporters
Why are you still here lady....sucking on the govt teet?!
Trump had not elected to do this in legal way any president, judge at any time could reverse what Obama has done. Must have legal standing!
IMPEACH Trump!
You must be one that will be deported soon! 
Good ridance bro! And don't try to come back! Peace!
Yeah he has a Spanish sounding name he must be illegal. You're a bigot. Of course you're too cowardly to put your name on your Tweet!
Were you talking about me @lyonbrucelyons?
Yes. @dodisor9999 says you're going to be deported and he comes to that conclusion by your name - bigotry/racism
Thanks!
Most of them have no respect for the constitution and do not see themselves as American. If they do not resolve their status they must go.
What about unemployed  american they may have ajob that they want
This looks like you're rationalizing lawlessness, and playing identy politics for votes.
Word
Not sure you understand our stand the struggle.
Then step down from office & represent them , You took an oath of office to abide by the US Constitution, so now just resign traitor!
BRAULIO.ESO ES MENTIRA.NO SE TRATA DE NINOS.
SE TRATA DE VOTOS 
PARA LOS DEMOCRATAS
EL PRI DE LOS EEUU!!!
BRAULIO..THATS A LIE
ITS NOT ABOUT CHILDREN
ITS ABOUT VOTES
FOR THE DEMOCRATS
THE. PRI OF THE USA...
What about THE AMERICAN PEOPLE AND THEIR RIGHTS
BUILD THE WALL
REDUCE DRUG.INPORTS
CRIME.DEATHS. .
INCREASE SECURITY 
EMPLOYMENT.MEDICAL
HELP FOR THOSE
WHO CANT AFFORD. IT
Shocker...CA the Queen of sanctuary & all time failure of upholding the law of the land has the most DACA recipients.
Will you feel the same when your fed. Funding  is withheld, ms.feinstein?
Then why haven't you passed fair, appropriate laws? Hypocrite
Stealing all our assets...
Why do you feel illegals should have preference over citizens?And, #DACA was Exec overreach. Why hasn't congress addressed this since 2012?
We must petition her to resign , she does not represent the American citizens who elected her into office , we need to start a petition !
SEN. I SUPPORT BULDING
THE WALL.POTUS TRUMP
IS CORRECT..GREAT NUMBERS
OF ILLIGALS ARE CRIMINALS
IN THEIR COUNTRIES .
Because your State failed to in force our immigration laws. That is a major problem.
Thanks for being on the right side of this. Please introduce legislation to protect them. #DACA #AmericanDreamers
Get rid of obamacare first you lemmings
Why do you stand with illegals when Americans in your state is suffering, going hungry, homeless, can't go to college bc no money, no jobs??
It's only fair considering how much government preaches about economic expansion, we displace refugees with military & industrial practices.
AND IF YOU CANT TELL
BY MY NAME..
YES IM MEXICAN!!!
SOY.     M E X I C A N O!!!!
SEN.I AM A AMERICAN
TAX. PAYING CITIZEN 
WHY DONT YOU
HAVE MY BACK????
Ok Dianne, just deport all calif.
Wouldn't it b noble to stand with AMERICANS? Oh wait, you need cheap labor & voters .... never mind.
Illegals first not Americans first.
Thank you Sen. Feinstein! #DEFENDDACA,
Let's not forget trump is under criminal investigation hahaha loser
I am here in California and part of #RESIST. We are a mini United States, we will protect our people. Join us!
No wonder the states going broke! There's a reason there are more in CA. Pay to play in the USA! My immigrant relations do and did.
If you have their back then you should be in favor of a long-term solution such as Trump has now pushed the envelope to do
Don't see any "children" here ... don't see any AMERICAN flags here ... REAL Americans work/pay their way in our society... #NO DACA
Stop telling me you'll stand with them and start telling me how you'll actually protect them. #SaveDACA
Great YOU KEEP THEM...We have a few more for you.  Sending them to California would not be deportation----YET.
Thank you for standing up for DACA recipients!! Please fight for them & the rest is us against the heartless & cruel Repubs.
To those inflicted with ( L.M.D. ) Liberal Mental Disorder if you swap "#DACA recipients" with " Legal immigrants " it becomes Hate speech.?
Proud to be a Californian. Let's protect Dreamers from DOJ.
Then have your office start writing the bill now. You should be able to introduce it before Thanksgiving. #DefendDACA #DefendDREAMers
How can evangelical christians support Trump?  The very opposite of what Jesus of Nazareth stood for - pro marginalised, anti-rich.
Call Diane Feinstein, tell her Californians want illegals out, the wall up, and voting Fraud to stop
1-202-224-3841
What does that tell you?  Cut off their funds and see how many want to stay.
So you don't stand with American citizens.  We understand Dianne.  You hate America. That's all you Dems know is hatred for your country.
Were counting on that! We pray you have our backs!
Step back senator... What does that really say about California and who is paying?
Doesn't sound like you've actually familiarized yourself with it.
You say, "we have your back." With all due respect Senator, what could you do? How do you have their backs? Break fed laws? Impeach Trump?
Thank you Senator!
Time to start calling bullshit.   Talks cheap. Time to act.
no we don't.  You & other members of Congress failed to act on this executive order
I'm a Californian & you don't represent my views. #DACA is a smack in the face of all legal immigrants. What about them? You don't care?
No wonder our state is going to hell fast! Our leadership stinks!
Thank you Senator. We need your voice against the hatred. #DefendDACA #DefendDREAMers #SaveDACA
That's because you are a sanctuary for illegals and illegal criminals!
Your illegal constituents got your back yards burning 2 the ground.2 mil live in the grass &brush in your fine state that is belly up &broke
Via Con Dios...
I had dreams & I also have a dream for my children that were born here in the USA.I didn't ship-em 2 Mexico to demand beans & free$
#MAGA
So many bigot Trumpsters triggered.  
Awesome job Dianne.
What can you as a Senator actually do to prevent ICE from deporting them?  Without GOP action, it seems to me #DACA recipients are SOL.
You've been #HereToStay for way too long. Time to step down.
Ca housing is unaffordable due to families living together. How do you justify that to ppl born in Ca. No credit ✓ 4 them why?
Wish u had Kate's back before u gave us sanctuary cities
U support a power not of the president and not support one that is. DACA: yes. Travel ban:no. It was your job to legislate one. Which one?
I have an idea, they stay, you go!
more reasons why DACA must be terminated.
If we were inhumane we 'dsend em on the rotten inner tubes they come across on. Since we're not we feed ,put em on buses & planes to return
That says u never enforce the laws for all rhose years & have allowed them to multiply
I hope that means you'll hold all of his nominees up.
Sorry but DACA was illegal to begin with.
What an interesting resignation letter. #TheLawIsTheLaw



Did anyone else read this as 'We have their blacks?'. There the Democrats go again trying to own minorities again. Down with imperialism!
Illegal immigrants need to go.  Period!
NO DACA You allowed"open boarders" here. Thousands of kids & adult illegal aliens enter via Obams. Tax dollar drain, they contribute nothing
As a Californian, we do not stand with illegals. @SenFeinstein does not speak for all Californians...believe that
Feinstein doesn't care about illegals, it's votes for democrats! Ridiculous!
If I had known how easy it was to illegally come to America I wouldn't t have bothered doing it the right way! Disgusting
When you have no love for children, you get policy rooted in the worst of all intentions
Immigration laws are tools of oppression. NO LAW NO CONSEQUENCES!
thank you for doing the right thing. Trump is an inhumane blot on America and must be stopped. This is one problem of many.
Given your track record, you'll probably vote with Trump.  It's time for you to retire!
#DACA ends soon. It's time you actually represented your employers, the citizens.
And enjoy your time in DC! You WILL be voted OUT ! Prepare to move from the swamp!
Precisely why our Veterans are homeless and hard working citizens can't get services themselves!
2/2 Being a legislature I'm POSITIVE you're aware that Presidents don't make laws.They sign them.Therefore, DACA is unenforceable & illegal
1/2 Take this heartfelt advice @SenFeinstein please.FastTrack Calexit so U can make or break whatever laws U make 4 your Cali-Country. 
Because there are more #IllegalImmigrants than any other state in the UNION! #KILLDACA #TheBigLie @realDonaldTrump @DineshDSouza @AnnCoulter
Would be nice if you "had the backs" of American citizens.
@SenFeinstein respectfully: #empty #statements, time you do what you're supposed to do. #FIGHT for your #CONSTITUENTS It's almost #2018
Are they paying their way, and contributing to our nation?
And more illegals, and more welfare recipients, etc., etc., etc.
I'm a native California woman & I'm against U & #DACA time 2 get all corrupt Dems out of CA #VoterID #Termlimits diane ur part of prob
Pols don't have ur back when they get lobbyist $$.  CA lawyers legalized malpractice; cheat clients with impunity.
Can U support the above petition? CA residency not required.
Just signed & tweeted 
Thank you so much for your support Nicole. It means a lot to me. I was one of the victims of this nonsense.
Very sorry to hear this, live in California and sadly doesn't suprise me
Even judges r corrupt.  California Judges Association sends letter http://www.clrc.ca.gov/pub/2016/MM16-19.pdf …, supporting laws that legalize malpractice.
#Daca is a slap in the face for people incarcerated for the laws they broke. Not the way to earn respect.
Nearly 225,000 of the nearly 800,000 DACA recipients are in California. We will hide them in our homes if we have 2. This is so wrong.
The little tax eating retards are leaving you will never get Trump to sign a Dreamer Act You lost Dianne
Yes, California is full off illigals
Then tell California to pay for it not us the rest of America
One more reason for Trump to turn on DACA. He is dying to punish CA for handing HC the popular vote. He's that uninformed and childish.
Then pass a law keeping them in the US. That's your job, not the presidents. Stop the nonsense and take responsibility and do your job!!
FUCK TRUMP
your Tweet was quoted by @CNN
Why don't you stand for the children of America citizens?  These illegal immigrants are taking jobs and seats in college classrooms.
@TheJusticeDept indict California for violation of immigration law, including aiding & abetting. Indict both Senators for accessories to it.
DACA is unconstitutional.  Remember that oath you swore upon getting elected?
You stand with criminals?
If one German had stood up with each Jew when Hitler started his own purge, there would not have been a Holicausr.  The time to act is now..
Then draft and pass a bill to keep them here under the terms Obama laid out for them. There is no valid excuse whatsoever to end #DACA.
Why can't they just get legal..
Is it because of all the free shit they get on the backs of Americans..
.@POTUS @VP 
I dream OUR 1.6 MILLION homeless AMERICAN kids will receive as many benefits as DACA & a HOME! #DACAisDEAD
#AMERICA1st 
Another reason why CA also had the most illegal votes cast during the 2016 Election. DACA kids come from illegal aliens, yes? No? YES!!!
Have them come live with you & financially support them out of your pocket. Otherwise, ship their asses back to Mexico & re-enter legally.
Can we hide them until Trump is impeached? Soon I hope, Senator!
why is CA so screwed up? Sanctuary cities. Taking down the American flag. Crazy left-wing extremists beating up law-abiding citizens.
Democrats call criminals dreamers and Men Who enforce our laws criminals. That should work out well for our nation. Idiots.
Yes, the country already knows you support unconstitutional acts and illegal immigrants
One has to wonder, Dianne, why they weren't just made citizens. Then they'd not have to worry.
Didn't you swear an oath to uphold US Law?
@SenFeinstein DACA is an Amnesty program specifically created to provide low wage labor(slaves)for big Corps.Glad you admit where you stand.
That's because your state awards the noncitizen
I thought you took an oath to uphold the laws of US and the Constitution? You MUST RESIGN!
How about having the backs of your constituents? I mean the ones who can "legally" vote for you..or..against you
Now Congress needs to use the 6mos to pass legislation that saves DACA
#termlimits #draintheswamp You are part of the problem, not part of the solution.
Yet you don't support the idea of impeaching Trump?
Way to stand for the rule of law, Senator. Time to free all those incarcerated for being "accessory to..." a crime. #Clueless
Pass the DREAM Act
you don't get the final say we the people get the final say, last thing you want is angry Americans taking illegals out right.
Of course. That's how you get elected. Buying votes.
Wow..are all of your followers trolls? Or do you have absolutely no idea what the will of your constituents is. Elections have consequences
California is a Democratic State, if you don't like it move to a Republican one where they accept Trumps 
Resist! I'm certain that #DACAWillOutlastTrump
Dream more like a nightmare and yes it's an act. All fake talk just to keep Americans distracted from the real agendas being put in place
Please get congress to act to save #DACA. Make it veto proof.  Trump is doing this for his base. Has no principals behind it.
Pandering for votes
Hey Cali folks who don't want to deal w this nonsense, Oklahoma and Texas have great senators that put Americans first. We have room 
Is that part of the reason California is bankrupt ? Your state is in debt billions & billions of dollars but you continue to give freebies.
Yeah, we see who ya stand with, Dianne.
Too bad you're not as concerned for your citizen constituents.
How do we Americans DEMAND AMNESTY 4 ALL DACA enrollees? We as a people don't PUNISH the Child 4 their parents illegal actions. #DefendDACA
Get rid of the orange buffoon.
Is that because you are using many of them as your cheap labor source, Dianne?
Still think that this mamzer has potential if we just have some patience?  I hope not.  He is the worst president of my lifetime #DACA
May go down as one of the best Presidents, if the liberals would support him on even one thing.
What does that mean?
If you "have their backs" then you need to do more than tweet. You need to act now! #DefendDACA
we made them a promise we need to honor that
We didn't, Obama did. If congress acts to keep it, then WE did.
Great! Then please sponsor then and personally support them financially! Problem solved
Likely you have a knife to those backs. Just one more forked-tongue politician well past her sell by date.
Leave with them, Senator.
#DACA is just one egregious decision of many this president has made. America is less safe & is under seige by it's own president. #Impeach
And how many of those DACA recipients in CA receive government/taxpayer aid?
Something Obama did outside of the immigration laws and without Congress. You want to keep or revise it then draft a bill. Talk is just talk
Maybe you should ask the voters before you assume we are ok with illegals being here 
No wonder people are fleeing California in droves . If they wanted to live in Mexico they'd move to Mexico.
As a teacher, this breaks my heart
You better mean it.
Not if it's illegal...  You're not advocating breaking the law are you Diane? And people wouldn't believe illegals voted?  By the millions!
Ready to vote? You & your Democrat colleagues had a great chance to help millions of illegals and did NOTHING 8 years ago. HYPOCRISY
Please don't forget about the ones in Texas!
Speak for yourself senator. Can't wait for you and your posse' to be voted OUT!
Git on the impeachment train Dianne ! Every week that goes by with this bad man running things is a sad thing...crooked donny...lock him up
No.
How exactly? How specifically and logistically can we protect them? I'm open to suggestions but low on ideas.
Sweetie why don't you personally pay all their bill, shelter them, & fund everything from your deal making millions?
70 million? If it looks like a crook and sounds like a crook...they must be hard working, honest politicians.
Thats because California its a liberal cesspool.
Which is why California has an artificial electoral advantage. Get rid of illegals, California loses power. #ReturnToSender
Hello pal
When you stand for American Citizens first let me know
Oh they'll stay and California will gradually go broke. Business will relocate and jobs will fade away. We won't have your back
Why don't you "have our back" on #SinglePayer/#MedicareForAll?  : O
You prefer lawbreaking foreigners over the U.S. citizens you are supposed to represent. Shame on you.
You've been in office for decades while our immigration system crumbled with zero effort to fix it
Why not fix it now it is that to hard?
Exactly well said
