Hi, @SenFeinstein @KamalaHarris. This is your constituent @DebraMessing. She has something she would like to say to you. Please watch. 
Me too, England
NHS sucks. None of my rich friends use it and it is bankrupt, cutting services, long wait times. All of that doesn't happen in US.
It the National Health Service, every working person pays into it, provides healthcare to everyone, privatisation is a healthcare for rich
no. Privitization = competiion, innovation and better service. NHS = inferior treatment. Keep drinking the kool aid and remain poor.
Oh dear, have you not been to England and needed heathcare and not had money ?
Sorry, didn't grow up with money. Born in England. I know the system well, as does my husband and our families.
Bigger question why is CA having such a huge population on Medicaid ? did they never work and pay into MediCare why punish others with taxes
Because they have such a large population in general. Also much of Medicaid is children and the disabled who don't qualify for Medicare.
And the poor who qualify under expansion are too young to qualify for Medicare, as well. Even those who work and pay in must be of seniors.
12 million on medicaid, out of 36million in CA, 1 in evey 3. $100B is the tag.  even discounting for above categories, it is too high
This bot likes to see people die.
any us citizen who stands for fraud , illegals , and lawlessness is a bot !!  Come on you guys can't u  do better than this. .
You have been brainwashed & scream "fraud", "Illegals", "lawlessness".  We know who you are in your soul and it isn't very nice.
handouts increases more poverty, pass laws which bring more work oppurtunity so everyone rises above poverty,  stop illegal & legal immg
Why can't CA support its own? Why must such a rich state feed off of other much smaller states? @Alyssa_Milano
Medi-Cal price tag has jumped from $59  to $91 billion. In 2020 CA is on hook for 10% of it,  more taxes Californians, to pay for it ,
in 2020 CA is on hook to cover 10% of the medicaid expansion cost. either cuts to medical or taxes on people. Cant have both ways
This doesn't look like Alyssa Milano. It is Debra Messing.
trump's revenge...
You do realize hurting California is a feature for most Republicans, not a bug, right?
They like to make moonshine out of liberal tears. But srsly, guess they sure couldn't function without our federal taxes. We could keep em
The Texas from California get paid to many other states around this country we are the six Margist economy in the world.
Taxes not Texas
&. ....6th largest economy...  ;)
Wowza!! Would you support a second attempt to go on a date with you ?? Tis the ques lmao
Holy smokes this did not just go to Feinstein I apologize but that is great!!  LOL the deal still stands!!
Waste of time because she has no clue
Red state governors refused ACA when it first became law! Now they want Congress to give them the Medicaid dollars they refused 7 Yeats ago!
More out of touch nuts. Do they know how you manipulated the system for wealth, through your husband?
WE NEED UNIVERSAL HEALTH CARE NOW. RIGHT NOW !!!
Tell @Alyssa_Milano to pay her fuckin taxes before she gives the rest of us her  unsolicited advice

BREAKING: The bipartisan Medicaid Directors from all 50 states just issued this negative statement about Graham-Cassidy.…
What you should worry about is 12 billion California spends caring for the illegals! Yep right 12 think how many citizens that could help
Again showing your ignorance by changing right wing conspiracies.
Dumber than a bag of doorknobs.
California gets too much. They cause their own problems and expect the government to pick up the tab.
I just can't comprehend this nonsense? Logic and compassion is out the window! MAGA - how about Make A Good ACA! 
California and NY are he most productive states in the nation.  We are the lifeline and may need to close ports and commerce if we need to.
GOP is well aware. 
They hate California. #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
#GOPisATerroristOrg
Sadly, that will only encourage them

You have the most welfare recipients. Tell these people to get a job. Problem solved.
Trump and the GOP hate us (CA) as much as we hate them. That's a lot.
Does CA have a way to withhold our federal taxes in protest?  Even if short term/symbolic
That's right, they want all of the money the blue states pay to go to the red WELFARE states, u know the backwards ones that lost that war
So they're not only tools of the Koch brothers, they like to add in a little spite towards the powerhouse state that pays their salaries
They are offering to let Alaska keep Obamacare to get Murkowsoki yes vote!!
Please stop this cruel and unusual punishment known as Cassidy-Graham which masquerades as healthcare.  It is pencil-whipped fraud! TY
At least CA is a blue state with a compassionate Gov. We are screwed here in TX
And that's exactly what the R's want. Blue states to be hit hardest.
Hit harder because the state is full of illegals on obamacare.
Please stop with this argument. There is a good % of the GOP who take it as a bonus if it's hurts CA especially bad. It is sadistic, yes.
I need you to understand that these are not good ppl. They are people who want Californians to suffer, to punish liberals. They are sick.
This entire health care debacle reeks of this sadism. Yes, they do want liberals to die, kids to die, cancer patients, mentally ill, addicts
The point of the GOP health care bill is to limit coverage to make more $$$, and they do not care if we die. I need you to grasp this.
Because as long as you keep assuming the GOP want what's best but are just misguided, the more room you keep giving them to kill us.
This is true for the Muslim ban, LGBT rights, women's choice, voting rights, etc. No, they are not misguided. They are coming for us.
The GOP does not want the sick to get better. They want to raise profits. A human life is just a line in a ledger.
And since California is the biggest abuser of healthcare dollars that would be appropriate....
http://www.ashesnonprofit.com/9-13-17-press-release …
#GrahamCassidy is a smoke & mirrors bill intended to fool the American people into thinking all will B covered. Shame on U @LindseyGrahamSC
Visual graphic
California ALREADY pays more to Federal govt than it gets back. GOP's shameless & heartless. Country is not going to put up with it anymore.

Because I preexist I will B the ones that die NONE of these R for pain or mood elevated drugs Just a day in the life 
That's what the republicans want because they are PO
Yes they are.
Hi Senator & staff.
This is my opposition phone call.
Your direct line cuts callers after 2 minutes & the 3121 switchboard=broken
Thanks!
@SenateMajLdr @SenSchumer @SenFeinstein 
@KamalaHarris @GOP #REGULARORDER
#NOSCORENOVOTE #NOSCORENOVOTE #NOSCORENOVOTE #NOSCORENOVOTE
All these idiots have lots of money and don't need or use anything that they have no clue on,but try discussing smh.
Calexit is the answer. Please! Let's build a wall between ca. And rest of nation. Leave them as sanctuary country. Defend,support selfs MAGA
Then tell the illegals to go home I should not have to pay for a bunch of Mexicans to have kids
@Alyssa_Milano @KamalaHarris @DebraMessing
@EllenDatlow @Alyssa_Milano @KamalaHarris @DebraMessing 
Anti-CHRISTian bigot feinstein needs to be voted out
STFU asshole.
We don't need handouts, we need jobs... over 20% live in poverty in CA...  This state is loaded with free loading illegals!
Anyone in MS trusting our elected officials to do what is right with block grant is a fool.   #GrahamCassidy will not help any state.
@Alyssa_Milano @KamalaHarris @DebraMessing U R passing a Bill that gives illegals 75 million dollars! Work 4 Americans please
1/3 of Californians are on Medicaid. This is a failed system designed to fund state coffers and poliiticians pockets. # RecallFeinstein
You are lucky, I'm stuck with @JimInhofe and @SenatorLankford there is no hope for me in a Red state.
Not so lucky. I’m NC with @SenatorBurr and @SenThomTillis
Trump is ready for his pay back. We are ruining our health w/stress of Trump presidency
Good your state and New York take the majority of government money. About time you have to fend for yourself.
Because we have more criminal illegal aliens than other states.  They are bankrupting us
TX gets big benefit As Texan here want all to know that peop won't see that benef. Cover least they can & $$ will b funneled into campaigns
Bribe???
Administration appointment could benefit grandson of Trump inquisitor | Via @guardian
https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/sep/20/trump-administration-chuck-grassley?CMP=share_btn_tw …
Well you chose to expand Medicaid so that's on you.
@DebraMessing
If Calif wants 2 be a sanctuary state..then they should be cutoff from federal funding. #illegals I'm sure take a lot of medicad&foodstamps
And why is that?
It's a Repub punishment of big blue states.
The Rethugs think that punishing blue states like CA and MN will please Traitor Don: seems clear to me. Petty monsters.
U hit yourself hard Dianne,lacking common sense n making poor choices.If u find yourself up against a brick wall it's the 1 Trump built
I just love Miss Debra
Following DJT's reasoning, maybe we should put CA first and keep our money!!
The big rich state gets less than a small poor state.. I thought liberals wanted to spread the wealth around.
But they are pleased to hurt California most. Please spread the word for three GOP Senators how their states will suffer.
I have been spreading word in my "Red" District please come and tell the poorest county in CAbthebfacts cuz we have absent Rep
It's punishment for those "Hollywood liberals" who spoke out against Donald & refuse to support him. This is what #Narcissist45 does.
I worry about the misguided.  Time to retire the craziness.  Look at what you've done to .CA.  and please leave politics
California is lost, we should kiss it good bye. We have the wolf guarding the hen house.  Moon Beam.
You and the rest of the Dems have already destroyed CA. So sad.
Reminder: the only reason #Obamacare, with roots in #Romneycare, is unpopular is because it's a win in the D column. Defeat #GrahamCassidy
Graham Cassidy. Mean, stupid and helps only the rich. Thanks, Senator, for opposing.
STOP SUBSIDIZING CALIFORNIA SOCIALISM!! You want socialism in California? YOU pay for it out of California's FAIR share.
What do Millionaires know what it's like to suffer bcause of Obamacare? I can't get lifesaving care because of ACA limitations & Expense!
The GOP sees this as a feature not a bug.
Yes it will due to high percentage of Medicaid recipients via OBCare expansion. New York City in same mess
@GOP is trumpeting the 3 states hurt are NY, CA & MA.
(Who cares about blue states?)
They are proud to hurt Americans.
That's because in their eyes, we are not "real" Americans. Doesn't matter CA has a GDP > than most other nations.
We were hit hard with Obamacare! My rates doubled and I have coverage for things I don't need.
...things you don't need yet.
Bots don't need health insurance
Twotards
all b.s..  govt is a big problem everything they stick their nose in its a mess.  lets let free market work not do as govt says
Sure with all the illegals using California resources which otherwise would go to citizens.
California can use the enormous block grant to help implement single payer for the state.
Why do you not want this?
We can start with Cali.
This plan gives massive block grants to states to implement a health care policy that works for the citizens of that state.
win win
Vote yea
Oregon may disagree.
Wth happened to her nose?
@Alyssa_Milano, @DebraMessing #grahamCassidy aims 2 pay off red states that sabotaged the ACA. Goal is 2 fix state exchanges, shared burden.
Bipartisan congress members, governors have been working 2 prevent the spike in insur premiums come Nov. @berniesanders needs 2 pay attent.
It’s horrific and deliberate.
They should be hit harder. Why should we bail out California from Bad policies?

@SenKamalaHarris thank you Senators for standing up for Californians and the ACA, we all need to stand together to help save health care.
They will give their gratuitous votes against the GOP bill, but let's never forget they just voted for Billions more to kill ppl 4 power.
It would be far greater to hear @DebraMessing @Alyssa_Milano promoting our Senate & Congress abide by the laws which they help create.

That Trump pay back for voting for Hillary so strongly. The Reps want Koch bros money. Period.
Your already Broken. LMAO
Yes thank u @Alyssa_Milano and @DebraMessing...cause u along with @SenFeinstein have ObamaCare  #DemocraticClowns 
Please support HR2164
Keep celebrities OUT of politics
So you agree that 45 should leave office?! Great! Given, he was a reality star but still...
Remember this? #obamacaredeadonarrival @POTUS44 @TheDemocrats own this! Pathetic lying liberal hypocrites!
If you're getting your political talking points from child actors and Hollywood, that explains why you're a terrible Senator. Just retire.
Using misinformed celebrities to win your political argument died when Obama left office. Good luck with that 
Exactly. She is also the same senator who just ripped a judge over her religious beliefs. She needs to go. Career politician.
I am so tired of having to beg over and over and over again to the government not to kill me.  This is so stressful 2)
They are changing the bill to make specific senators happy, like Murkowski,and this bill is likely to go through which will mean I'll die 1)
California would have plenty of money if they spent it on citizens and not illegal aliens 
Retire it. Medicare for all
Feinstein, another career politician, what kind of health care coverage do you have? You are a complete fraud, like most politicians
Dont 4 get Alaska, but they r fixing that to get @lisamurkowski on board with GOP. What a disgrace she would let one state suffer for hers!
Yeah Diane but I have been informed that Trump is your president. He ain't ours, that is for sure. We would not want to work with him. Out!
Yes...I keep HEA(R)INGOPATHETICS USING th'Nebulous, see if'n it'll Float,KILLE(R) BILL WO(R)D "ACCESS"2 DIS'n DAT...ACA NOW GIVES "ACCESS!"
"ACCESS"2 is NOT, I (R)EPEAT, NOT A GUARANTEE O'ANYTHING! ANYTIME!ANYWHERE! ANYPLACE! So Help Me GOD! &YOU'LL ALL NEED THAT 2! P(R)E-EXIST?
Because we have more illegal immigrants on medicad than any other state. They don't pay in but they illegally pull out...
@w_terrence @GingerMcQueen Sen. You are out of touch with America. Go To Bed!
That's because California is run by alt left socialists who ram everything down our throats and import their illegal voter base.
correct
California is free falling into bankruptcy, your good citizens are leaving in droves. You are killing Californians with your onerous taxes
@Alyssa_Milano @KamalaHarris @DebraMessing why should The most populous state take money from less populous states?
Need English transcript for the Deaf and HOH constituents in US.  Thank u.
NO ONE CARES WHAT elitist Hollywood Libs have to say, keep it up & they'll be just like us w/o their audience $$$.
Thank You as well Sen.Dianne Feinstein of  SF, California
@Alyssa_Milano @KamalaHarris @DebraMessing @MilanCoutain Continue to spread the word. Healthcare for all and not for some!
Thank you Senator this is terrifying
a society in which all property is publicly owned and each person works and is paid according to their abilities and needs. Communism
Sen. Feinstein why don't you support Single Payer? Are you also being paid off by big pharma?
The majority of America disagrees with you.
Maybe if you read the bill this time you would see the gov. of the state determines coverage.  I know reading a bill before it pass is knew.
The intent of the #GrahamCassidy bill is to hurt the blue states and help the poorer red states. @Alyssa_Milano
Well that's just evil.
Hey, maybe CA should go its own way. Good luck.
I try and keep@up@ with all of you
Cali can handle it. @Alyssa_Milano assures me you have the largest economy of all 50 states.
Here in Minneapolis Minnesota too gov Dayton is worried god what r these ppl
How many people are legal citizens?
Koch will take away $400m in GOP donations if they don't pass something.  Screwing the blue states is just a bonus for them. 
@Alyssa_Milano
CA doesn't deserve this..protest!
B/ we have done the most to help the people in our state get health care coverage - mcconnell is out to punish us. #voteno #noGrahamCassidy
Why do you hate Catholics?
I fear red staters will consider this a pro, not a con.
It will b a pro 2 them til they figure out all of the healthcare they lose.
They'll still blame Obama
oh yeah, like we are going to listen to two actresses, lol
Actresses who are American citizens and have the right to speak out when they feel the need to. Y the criticism?
Because they don't know what they are talking about
Really? You think you know what their information is based on. Speaking for yourself is allowed, speaking for someone else is not.
California, New York and Massachusetts get combined 36% of the funds under Obamacare...unfair advantage Dianne and you know it!!! Truth Dear
Charlatan Trump. Still up to his tricks. Repeal Is like a Mania or a sickness for Republicans! What's there problem anyway!
CA first and foremost but other blue states like NY and MA would be brutalized as well.
California would be hit hardest because California, New York and Massachusetts get over-funded compared to other 47 under Obamacare!!!
California over funds the United States treasury. We are the 6th largest economy in the World. We need to stop subsidizing the Red States.
Except for NY state.  But in the end all states and people would suffer. #DoNoHarm
how about #TermLimits so we don't have to see the same politician with the same opinions and same hairstyle for decades and decades ok #MAGA
There is one politician with a horrible orange hairstyle I'd love to see out of office.
that one has term limits, and an election cycle timed to go with the house and senate.  we are supposed to rotate ALL of them in and out
CA gets a disproportionate share of Medicaid, block granting is fair and equitable to all states.  I say that as a Californian.
Do you think most reps care?  Not really
This is fake Dianne
You wish troll
OBAMACARE NEED TO GO!!!!! PERIOD!!!!!!!!!
