(2/2) There are already more guns than people in this country. I'll do everything in my power to stop attempts to weaken gun-safety laws.
Say it with me #TermLimits the all around corruption in government needs checks and balances.  #GoAway
finally someone gets it. we need to end it for lots of career politicians.
Yes we do my friend, enough is enough with these career cronies living off our taxes and contributing nothing.
Too bad Dan White missed you that day
I liked it and thank God you are retiring.
It is disgusting!  Thank you Senator for speaking up!  I am a thankful constituent
Twitler!
They contributed "bigly" to his campaign and expect something in return
So discouraged
you took an oath to support and defend the constitution. If you don't want to do that then resign. That would make ppl happier
Thank you Senator for speaking up. The people have all been singing out in US like the Russian ppl r doing, too. Help us! Keep speaking out!
But the other side of me understands that Constitution framers made sure the people citizens could protect themselves from govt. tyranny
Common sense laws-background checks and restrictions to individuals who have violent criminal histories or individuals who have mental ill
And was disrespectful to @SenWarren calling her names. Wasn't @FLOTUS platform on bullying? Well @realDonaldTrump needs to grow up! #behave
#impeachTrumpnow
thank you,  Senator Feinstein. We feel the same way, too.
Trump is the most serious threat facing our nation. Please focus on investigation & impeachment.
 Other matters can wait.
Absolutely right
Of course he will. Just like you do anything your sponsors tell you to do. Like your Insurance corporations you took $2.1 million from.
SUPPORT your efforts; we need to underscore that many NRA members support UNIVERSAL background checks on purchase of guns
We need need need but there's always that big conflicting chasm.
I really struggle with this. On the one side I feel gun owners should want common sense gun laws like gun safety license or exams.
@SenFeinstein sickens me. She has earned millions since her political career began. She doesn't represent the people, only herself.
Most sickening part of speech was when he referred to Sen. Warren as Pocahontas and racism got more applause than any of his vague policies
As much as he is hated, I would watch my words
And our government is growing weaker & weaker to stop him. Congress sees what he is doing, how does the citizenry that wants peace stop him?
Thank you. ...Senator they say he is Russia's 'idiot candidate' ... a fool anyone can use, because of his narcissism.. even the NRA
Kinda like...oh, never mind, we all know who I'm talking about.
Ty
His speech today sickened me as well-think I've reached my limit w/ this 'so-called' president #Trumprussia #resist #treason
You are the sickening one. Do your job and stop chasing things that just aren't there. Waste of space and you will be gone next election.YAY
Yeah so we have nothing to protect ourselves against Sharia Law. Create the problem and leave the legal citizens with no protection. SMART!
Then again you haven't done anything but all talk and no play! The only way to take my guns away is by prying it from my cold dead hands!
Only because you don't believe in the constitution mainly the 2nd amendment you always think you know what others are thinking well u don't
Its called freedom of speech and thr right to bear arms. You know, like your security detail you trot around with. Just retire already!!!
Armed security detail.
And you would have all of the publics firearms. A disarmed population is easy to herd in to your socialist global agenda:)
BTW, Trump message about protecting the second amendment was music to many ears - especially in CA!
Apparently he knows what to say when guns are pointed in his face. #InvestigateRussianMobTies
Why did it sicken you? I've been oppressed by your authoritarian regime in CA my whole life
Yes @SenFeinstein trump forgot to thank the @NRA for the 33,000 gun deaths in the USA every year
Good I'm glad you got sick
Idea: Gather all NRA supporters @ barbecue & make'em stand in a circle,  hand them miniguns, ask to have a good time. Problem solved.
And yet Sessions isn't I  jail yet.told ya indict Sessions house of Cards fall fast !!
First you complain Trump's out of control, then you w he's being controlled. He doesn't work either way.
@SenFeinstein, when will you call for Sessions to resign, for lying to congress?
Disgusted by this so-called president. #impeach
#ImpeachTrump
The right ridicules the left on global warming yet spends billions arming themselves against a mythical "bad guy"
Yup. Me too.
HE PROBABLY OWNS STOCK IN THE GUN BUSINESSES. $$$$$$$  OR THEY ARE PAYING HIM OFF $$$$$ MONEY FOR TRUMP $$$$$$
@realDonaldTrump & his disgusting remark about Pocahontas is the worst thing a POTUS can say. There's something seriously wrong with him.
Everything he does or says sickens me. Get him out of our White House!! Mentally unfit traitor. Fumigate!
Hopefully some resist members will be there
If you understand Constitutional rights, the NRA meeting would make sense to you. So that's a "no" on both.
Yes! Discussing! That man has GOT TO BE STOPPED!
He's got free 24 hr protection for himself and his family. What does he care abt gun violence?
We should all be able to protect ourselves as the constitution states but liberals love creating victims and farming votes.
they won't be happy till every baby gets a gun.Their greed is disgusting especially considering how they use "fear the others"
That's the part I liked.
Why were you watching it then?

#NRAAM
Too bad you don't feel as strongly for the life of the unborn; the most vulnerable of human life.
Surprised?  Not me.
It doesn't get much worse!
Oh
But it will as it does every day.
#RESISTANCE 
#ImpeachTrump 
#Impeach45
You sicken more than half the American people we elected Donald Trump to give us back our country
Honest q what has been taken from you?
The silence is deafening. Maybe that can't listen to reason because of all the paranoid voices in their heads?
I'm sickened as well. Disgusted & disheartened! #Impeach45 #ImpeachTrump #RESISTANCE
Agreed! Ditto! Couldn't agree with you more!  At this point I'm totally embarrassed, sick but most of all disheartened. Losing all hope!
Me too, but we gotta stay strong & fight-NONE of this is normal! #resist #Trumprussia
You're right and I know it,thank you #resist #TrumpRussia #TheResistance
Can we convince them to let guns into their NRA rallies and see what happens?
Yet he doesn't support the First Amendment.  No show at WHCD tomorrow night. Shameful.
Sickening that he spoke at all.
You support interventions that murder people with drones! Hypocrisy thy name is @SenFeinstein
I Hope TRUMP Gives A PRO NRA Rally Every Friday. ..Fundraising for Democrats Has Never been Easier. ...TURN AMERICA BLUE #VOTE #GUNSENSE
