Yes, #acaworks is popular with majority of citizens. Fight to stop GOP from making a huge mistake! 
fight hard & b fierce! I was able 2 create a small biz bc I couldnt be denied health insurance 4 pre-exist condition.
neither is being humorless and unoriginal. You should work on both those. They're not flattering.
fight hard & b fierce. #ACA allowed me 2 start my own small biz bc no longer denied health insurance for pre-exist condition
Thank you! My 26 yr old (and 8 day old grandson) have coverage w/ACA and I thank God they do.
YOU HAVE NO FUCKING WAY OF KNOWING THAT!! She has a great plan already. Don't comment on  shit you know nothing about.
because 99% are illegal. No tax money for illegal aliens or refugees ever.
Fight for ACA? You didn't vote against GOP repeal of Obamacare that passed 51-48. 
only Senator not to vote.
(202) 224-3841
But you didn't vote.
Very disappointed and curious as to why you were AWOL on #ACA repeal vote today.  How is that fighting for us?
Win this war!
My daughter's life was saved by the ACA. Please fight for her!
@tkdmike cali needs own plan time to succeed
You're not fighting very hard, @SenFeinstein. 51 senators voted for repeal, 48 voted against. Only 1 abstained. You! http://www.senate.gov/legislative/LIS/roll_call_lists/roll_call_vote_cfm.cfm?congress=115&session=1&vote=00001 …
Why didn't you stand against the GOP and support Obamacare? You literally had ONE JOB, but did not vote! Explain yourself!
please fight, we need it
Thank you!!!
I can't wait to organize and vote for a primary challenger to your left!
thank you for all you do!
"OL LADY, WHEN WIL U GET  IT. U LOST BOTH HOUSES & ELECTION. WE DON'T WANT YOUR VIEWS, WE R TELLING U WHAT WE WANT!
#acaworks  Thank you!
.@SenFeinstein why didn't you vote???????
@speakerryan Do you have any idea how defunding #PlannedParenthood would effect families? #familyfirst
Thank you, Senator! My husband + I are two of those Californians. The #ACAworks for #startup entrepreneurs and #SiliconValley
Glas to hear it. Now object to the results from the Electoral College vote, & we'll all be happy campers.
California is large enough to have its own PUBLIC OPTION plan for those not covered by Medicare/aid and employer plans.
just fix it!
You should be working on instituting term limits for congress/house. Repeal the 1%! I will abolish your destructive ends!
Hey Senator, great job remembering to actually vote for that. Oh, wait.
If you support the ACA why did you abstain from yesterdays vote? Once again I am ASHAMED to have you represent our great state
So it fell from about 15% to 9%.

How much extra did it cost to cover those extra 6%
Fight repeal but DO NOT COMPROMISE. Don't agree on a gutted shell. GOP alone must own the result. Just as it made Dem own ACA
maybe you need to talk to real people who hate & cant afford Obamacare. California needs to stop paying for illegals
Thank you for fighting Republicans attempts to repeal. A Californian who rcvd health insur. for first time in years under ACA.
except she abstained from the Republican budget proposal that includes the ACA repeal
My brother has health insurance for the first time in 10 years. #ACAWorks in #California
Stop  the GOP Congress from messing with Social Security, Medical and Medicaid! #WeWillWin
you abstained?  Wow.  As a Californian, I await your reasoning.
Why did you abstain from today's vote?  Very disapointing.
YOU DIDN'T VOTE TODAY FOR THE ACA! You were the abstain vote. DO YOUR JOB!
Why did you not vote?  Bizarre.  Don't worry. The AMERICAN PEOPLE will look into it. Your better have a good reason.
@SaulHZenk nothing you can but put these people on California health care and you can pay for it.
You didn't fight repeal, you abstained. This is unacceptable. Why didn't you vote?
hmmm affordable?  For who? Stop thinking govt is the answer..this is America, let markets work.
AND YET YOU ABSTAINED FROM THE VOTE
If this is the case why did you abstain in the vote today?! Why did you not vote against the repeal?
Then why didn't you vote today?
How could you abstain on today's vote to move forward with repeal?!  What's happened to you?
Why abstain then?
if this is so important why did you not vote no against Republican party today?
Then why didn't you vote against the budget measure with your fellow Dems?
you paid for this clearly bullshit lie?
the WSJ is reporting you didn't vote against the repeal bill this morning. Please explain why.
So why did you abstain from voting today?
Of course we have it-ITS THE LAW-it is required to have and the law abiding have it-- if i had a choice, i wouldn't #repeal
@ginag63 All fine, Mrs Feinstein:-).
It was illegal not to enroll so...
Thank you from 94110
@daniel_kraft don't leave.
U lost, ur arcade ideas lost, deal w/ it, we won, DO WHAT THE TRUMP WANTS! RU listing to your constituents?
If the ACA is so great, why did Congress exempt itself from it?
And how many people saw their premiums and deductibles balloon? Insurance that doesn't pay for anything isn't any good.
we're OK with the lazy & indolent dying.
so you have Obamacare?
yep and the other 4 million working people have to pay for them as well as their own. #acasucks
As an artist i've never afforded health ins until ACA. Rates rose but then i found an equal plan w lower rates than b4. #Fight
I am one of those 5m Californians. ACA allowed me to get insurance for my family as I started my own business in 2015.
Great! I now pay a premium of $14,500/year for a PPO for ONE person. ACA MUST be repealed NOW.
I had to change my plan and my doctor due to increased cost from ACA - thanks for all the help.
Allow Repeal we will get something better quality.. stand down woman. I am a Californian and I am demanding you 
You don't have the votes.
but the filibuster rules....oh wait.  Nevermind!
#ACA. Not best. Premiums dpubled, co-pay $50  for HMO? Deductible high ..covers pre-existing.. Need single payer.
you think they signed up cos they had money lying around? They signed up because they did not want to pay for penalty!!#ACA
How many of those ppl were born in the US?
Affordable for whom ??
that is because your state is filled with losers and lazy bastards and crazy liberal bottomfeeders.
what color crayon did you use for this graph ?
UNIVERSAL MEDICARE...
Get the data for the red states and help them see how many their ignorance will hurt. When it's personal, they'll care.
fight fight fight - America is depending on you!
Why are premiums going up? Exactly failed. #RetireFeinstein
shouldn't California take care of that ????
Thank you! 
PEOTUS is clearly deranged by his claims that Bigfoot did the russsian hacking, he's not competent to make any policy.
Please give us a plan. Trump & Pence just promised he'll issue executive order Day 1 to repeal Obamacare without replacement
please fight this #GOP #Congress on EVERYTHING!
please fight everything they try to take from us.
Please fight more than the repeal of the ACA. We need you on the front lines publicly opposing Trump at every wrong turn.
but most expensive in The World and not that good, objectively: http://www.commonwealthfund.org/publications/issue-briefs/2015/oct/us-health-care-from-a-global-perspective …
Thank you. You just saved me a phone call.
@mglessman @NotNaefei @SenFeinstein there were two Dems who showed me their premium rise one 1400 the other 1700 rediculous.
bf o left there 12 yrs ago homes built 1940's over 600k small boxy homes
happy i left. Have good night
I lost my health insurance when it went up to $800 a month under ObamaCare because I work and contribute to society!
$800.00 a month and you still have to pay doctor visit co-payments, prescription drugs co-pay, etc!!
I guess so…It is government forced, limited plans from Gov lobbyists.  You get taxed if you don’t buy this horrible plans.
Boo.
