Can you believe people voted for thay embacile? What a disgrace to the USA. They made a joke out of the US.
He is the best president in a very long time.
Wake the f**k up you are dreaming!
Record stocks. Lowest illegal immigration in 17 yrs. Highest minority employment ever. Highest median wage ever. Lower taxes. He’s awesome!
FAKE NEWS and to add our is high because of that Orange F**ker! He needs to work and quit f**king tweeting.
Don’t be racist. Go to PR yourself.  He threw paper towels at them which work on both floods and liberal tears. Mission accomplished.
You’re the one that pointed out the color of his skin.
PR is corrupt and incompetent.
The US is responsible for many of PR 's financial issues.
Nonsense.  Most don’t pay federal tax.  They take far more $ from the US then they return.
lol I had to give vocabulary lessons as well...
You’re so wise.
glad could help educate....I believe in no child left behind despite disabilities
IMPEACH TRUMP NOW!
Be productive.  Bottle your liberal tears for hurricane relief.
Please introduce legislation to PERMANENTLY eliminate the Jones Act it had already destroyed PR before Maria & will only stop their progress
No it didn't. They couldn't even unload the American ships that were already there.
Obummer is islamic ,raised in it ,He cannot deny his true heritage.He did everything to ruin America and build islam here.--Traitor
You're too smart to play this silly game. You/I both knew the pragmatic implications of Trumps inarticulate tweet, but you did grandstand
Beside that:no american be abandone!
When enough is enough he said not for ever get it right feinstein
They can't stay there forever and Puerto Rico needs to do something for for their selves just like the other disasters that have happened
Don't have resources to deploy to all corners forever. Once lives are safe and food, water, medical, housing stabilized, PR must handle.
I guess u figure your home state is locked up for votes so you pander the minority vote in PR.
DJT NEVER said he was going to abandon PR. He clearly stated that we can’t be there forever.
What will it take for your colleagues across the aisle to abandon him and start calling for impeachment?
You people have fallen to the pits of hell
They are Puerto Ricans, not Americans.
Thank you Senator! Can we also further on full voting rights and representation for citizens in ?
Oh yeah? Tell that to the people in Flint.

FBI Investigates Claims #PuertoRico Officials are Withholding #FEMA Supplies - http://www.oann.com/fbi-investigates-claims-puerto-rico-officials-are-withholding-fema-supplies/ … #OANN 
Fijese que uso@la palabra "should" en lugar de "will".
I agree
.@WriterNancyJane Here's what I don't get. FEMA is a federal agency. How can one administration official's indifference cause a total Fail?
State Police, Fire, Nat'l Guard are first responders. FEMA is much too small. Coord for federal assist to local gov't, business, people, etc
sure we do. #FlintWaterCrisis
yet we'll drop UNESCO if we feel Israel isn't getting a fair shake. These are strange times.
You well know FEMA should not be playing first responder and because personnel are locked into role in PR Calif response is hurting.
You don't what ? Swore an oath and abandoned it for an agenda
Thanks! We need you know ! More than ever!! Again thank you! 
Thank you! 
I need evidence that FEMA is making a dent in the suffering of 3.5 million of people. Individual citizens are making greater inroads.
" really " thought that puerto rican was american latin"
Maybe FEMA could stay at least until ppl are no longer dying from lack of food, water, medicine &power? Or at least til we get a body count?
How about you going on a hunger strike or something besides sound bites?
Empty platitudes. Please don't run for reelection.
Absolutely ! Don't understand why Trump doesn't get that ! I guess he is too busy making America Hate Again world wide !
#termlimitsnow Feinstein is incompetent and out of touch. Time for you to retire.
The pr. Gov. Shuld do its job
@SenKamalaHarris Trump's lack of leadership in this response is now costing American's their lives. Stories continue to come out from people on the ground of suffering due to lack of adequate help. Congress must do something! Please!
Are you going to pay for it? We as tax payers only have so much money and most of it is going to pay for awful oboma care plan
Blah blah blah
Amen jesus.
Amen@SenFeinstein! Russia cheated us out of our Real President and meddled and installed Evil Crooked Donald J Trump! Evil traitor Trump!
We also should not be adding to their debt! All aid SN grants, not loans! It's like renting a lifeboat to someone drowning! @SenateGOP
aka a lifeboat, used  specifically to save lives?  Demo of complicated logic: see Baywatch.
Are they an actual state of the Union?
Force an Impeachment hiring in the Senate. Be ready when/if the House sends something over. Get rid of him before he kills us all!
Diane - That man in the WH doesn't care - I'm not sure he truly understands that Puerto Ricans ARE citizens of the USA.
Feinstein if that is the case, where R the 1st responders from Houston and Florida. Are they still on site? FEMA is but first responders?
It's way past time for you to step up and demand that the Congress act to remove this demonstrably unhinged "president."
Feinstein! You didn’t know were PR was until it brought you an opportunity to attack the administration.
Do you think that trump is aware of this? Or he just  doesn't care?
Why all the focus on Puerto Rico.  These libtards never about Texas or Florida.  I wonder has anything to do with the way they vote.
To what end? Military takeover?
Puerto Rican's need to start rebuilding their island! They need to be excited to rebuild their Island and be proud!
PR's infrastructure woes prior to when Maria hit should not be the burden of the rest of the country.
What was their get well plan prior to?
um we just have @HHSGov employees  in Puerto Rico getting spa treatment  as they go without food and water and dying  reported  by @maddow
Nope. Each state or US territory needs to pull their weight as well. @realDonaldTrump
Actually, Americans DO abandon each other. White Americans abandon PoC Americans. Rich Americans abandon poor Americans. Happens every day.
but #trump's in office and he doesn't give one rip about anyone but himself.
Thanks Mrs .Feinstein ,from PR
Just like other hurricane affected areas.
Fijese que uso@la palabra "should" en lugar de "will".
Thank you!
And you should be charged with finding the funds to rebuild their antiquated electrical system created by their corrupt government.
CORRECT!
Trump is famous for casting people aside.
Correct.
Marias Puerto Ricans R Dying
#Orange #Dotard says US can't afford to help
FEMA's a mess #FireBrock
69Rs in Congress its on U #2018iscoming
Thank you Ms. Fienstein
Absolutely agree. They are our territory and deserve our protection.
Trump's is a believer in racism and colonialism, and for him it is a way to deny help to American citizens in Puerto Rico.
Okayyy, nice tweet but what is actually happening to make sure this is the case? Executive branch won't lift a finger to help because racism
"I'll always place the mission first
I'll never acept defeat
I'll never quit
I'll never leave a fallen comrade..."
@realDonaldTrump CiC ARMY
Those are the ARMY VALUES MR. PRESIDENT. You should take a look Sir.
Then DO something about it!  You are in Congress for God's sake!  Seriously?  I don't want to hear anymore talk -- ACTION! NOW!
I think we should move the Executive branch en masse to Puerto Rico until the island and all the Americans are back on their feet.
NEGLIGENCE at the head of the white house cabinet
Thank God the USA  isn't just trump
It's their job right. (RESPONSIBILITY!!!)
I believe we've been there since 1898. Time to free the people and the Island. Vestige of Colonialism.

We have sunken to an insurmountable low when the fractured state of the union necessitates this reminder. Who are we as a country? WHO R WE?
Are you still waiting for Trump to pivot to be presidential? What will it take for all of you to get this embarrassing g clown out of office
That's why we are sending you!
So where is your press conference calling out the orange clown?
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1717739284964594&id=100001856184719 …
Necessary, yes, forever, no
Braaaaaaavooooooooooooo
Why don't you personally go to Puerto Rico and help out with your own hands. How much money did you donate to help?
In OIF the following states have lost less of their ppl thn #PuertoRico:
AK CT DE HI ID ME MT NH NV ND RI SD UT WV WY
#RespectTheirSacrifice
Can we abandon Trump at least? 
The right to keep and bear arms should stay in America forever, and you should go. Please go.
They are dying while folks are having a spa day.  My God, please somebody do something.
BUT they should actually DO SOMETHING other that #spaday this is systematic genocide by @GOP @realDonaldTrump they will regret & #weknow

If we can keep the military in Iraq, Afghanistan, dozens of countries around the world to rebuild, why can't we take care of US citizens?? https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/918432809282342912 …
So, we are now americans. Why no one help us from 2009-17?
Yes!!
That's nice but Puerto Ricans are feeling fairly abandoned and how about shameful bailing from UNESCO?
Well I guess since Trump doesn't view Puerto Ricans as Americans We don't need to send our son's & daughters to fight his inpending war (s)
The President of the USA is declaring #WarAgainstPuertoRico?
Absolutely
You are so good at stating the obvious.
Please stop w understatement. Affect the justified rage required.
Or Puerto Rican's coild@move en masse tomaonland and Vote
To main land
It speaks volumes, that we have to remind the Human Race that Puerto Ricans are Americans!
It should be rebuilt as a shining example of what we can do...either with or without dumpster trump
You Got that right.
YES WE ARE AMERICAN CITIZENS SINCE 1917, AND PR IS AN AMERICAN TERRITORY SINCE 1898 BY INVASION NOT INVITATION!!!!!!! WE , AMERICA!!!!!!!!
I don't remember this statement made after the Texas & Florida catastrophes.
We should treat them as we did with our super storm Sandy citizens. No more, no less. Problem is PR was a dump 20 +years ago.   Bad optics.
This matter is solved by becoming PR a State of the Union with same obligations and privileges of the other 50's. @Jenniffer2012
First thanks for your leadership! We're living in a disastrous times.. please keep fighting..Trump is a danger  to this country! Impeachment
I think thats the message from @POTUS
Not sure why we have held PR as a territory for so long. Can we just give it back to whoever we took it from.
and include the US Virgin island too they hit hard too
@TXDemocrat Add another star to the flag, then  American !
Yawn. @gallego_sr is a #TЯЦMPtroll with lots of BOTs in its network.  Respond accordingly.
We can help Puerto Rico by all means however, a Puerto Rican is NOT an AMERICAN.
God help us!! This guy in WH is killing  in so many ways. Needs to be removed before man starts WWlll w/us bc of a mentally ill person=DT
Your feeble policies helped bankrupt them before the hurricanes...
isn't there anything Democrats can do?
Is forever necessary? Nope! So Trump was right
Yes but they need to help..just "being there " doesn't work. We need the National Guard there to help.
They don't want solutions the rich white man just wants to destroy
Absolutely!
You people pretend you care but in the end it's always something the white man wants you make me sock
Buh-but WINE COUNTRY is burning. @GOP are big wine buyers. Have to save those grapes!
California has double crossed US. WE abandon YOU!!
Make it so, Senators.
Is he going to abandon 3.5 American citizen that give their life to fight under the same flag. We need help,much more than what we r getting
Senator Feinstein, please be California's voice for Puerto Rico - they need our support!   And, please take steps to REPEAL the Jones Act!
The GOP does not consider people of color to be real Americans.
Do more than tweet, please.
Manslaughter is what @realDonaldTrump is committing in PR.
Didn't you just love @PressSec answer today?  Such BS.
Unacceptable
Puerto Rico USVI are begging for water,food, meds,shelter & basic needs.  They're not begging for golden toilets or Gucci velvet slippers
The water treatment plant in Cayey Puerto Rico has collapsed. They are facinga  health crisis. They  are begging for help.
impeach Trump
Thank you
And what are you doing RIGHT NOW to stop our INSANE POTUS please explain
Yeah.  Hopefully they’ll get Statehood soon and participate in our infrastructute rebuild. For the children of Pierre Rico
Can individual State governments fill in the gap?
How do we get him out of the w.h. before he kills us all ,SERIOUSLY
And we shouldn’t break our promises.
Trump is commiting dereliction of duty here. He doesn't want to be associated with something that's not working, so he's dumping them. Sick.
#ThatsLeadership #ThatsAnAmericanValue #PuertoRicoRelief NOW #IllegitimateAdministration do nothing
#TraitorTrump doesn't understand that. @realDonaldTrump is loyal only to himself. #Impeach & #Arrest Trump! Do your job & get rid of him!
What's happening to our country? America isn't America these days!!  Its shameful, a disgrace and needs to be fixed NOW!
I Agree
I called your office again. Thank you for always acknowledging. Your interns are nice. I hope we #25ththe45th  soon. I'm getting desperate.

Puerto rico was falling apart before the hurricanes hit. Poor management
Democrats is office has been raping the territory for decades.
@SenFeinstein get your ass over there please. Ppl are dying and drinking deadly water. The only way to bring attention is through action!
Like honestly, I'll vote for your reelection, I already was, but please get over there!!!!!!
What can congress do??!!!
Will we get no federal aid in CA becuase Trump does not like us either? #devastation. @POTUS Have not heard a single WH comment about fires.
Senator,are federal aid workers still in TX and FL? @POTUS  When will congress have courage to stand up and say he is unfit.? @SenateMajLdr
He said that they can't stay there forever which is true
Bullshit homie! @HillaryClinton  abandoned those men in Benghazi and they died.  Common sense and reason abandoned u years ago.
Duh.. we have a base there, thousands of volunteers there, navy, coast guard, missionaroes, a university.. the work just started
Spoken like a true fiscally irresponsible liberal
No crap!
And do something while they are there
It would be nice if the federal government was actually helping/aiding Puerto Rico - they are letting Americans die!!
And you're going to make that happen by.........?
Exactly.
Hurry up and retire, a millionaire for public service.
Back to PR I see?
I agree!
declaration of bankruptcy by PR earlier this year demonstrates incompetent local govt management; FEMA should not be the agency for rescue
That won't happen under Trump: he doesn't like dark skinned people.
Well the deplorables are not educated enough to understand that! Our @POTUS thinks they are a foreign country!
Guess military's new motto designed by trump

Leave everyone behind
Please, Senator, fight all you can to keep - not only helping/aiding PR - but stepping up with more help and aid.
But until Trump builds a resort there and can benefit from it he doesn't care about Puerto rico
Can you help the help Puerto Rico does receive is utilized
Trump is a hideous, draft Dodging pos. He has no idea what it means to leave no American behind.
Christians are American too, why do you hate us so much?
The federal government also needs to be more effective: get patients aboard Hope, airlift water, food & meds inland FFS.
Wish you could convince Trump of that.
Then why don't you take your own millions and go help them? Maybe you can have your hubby make millions off of it like you did foreclosures
They are... fake news.
GET TRUMP OUT OF THE WH BEFORE THERE IS NO COUNTRY LEFT.
What about the ? Help those in California also.
When did you visit to accurately assess the situation before regurgitating an opinion?
Americans that choose to live in a Providence not a State.
I guess that would make them independent from Independence.
Racism disguised as policy
