Thank you!!!
Thank you, Senator! It is sickening. And horsemeat is food safety risk. The USA needs to remove itself from this industry entirely.
As a volunteer with an equestrian therapy program I am so thankful to committee members.  Horses are such great therapists!
*Humane* *monitored* US slaughter beats current practice >100,000/yr auctioned/shipped in double deckers to Canada and Mexico worse fate
Can you provide a source for this please? I'd like to read up.
Read up. Committed to keeping my own, euthanizing someday prn. But blessed; that commitment pricey. Death is not the enemy, cruelty is.
I care about animals, just like I care about the preborn ! ALL lives should be protected; animal, human; born or not yet. Life is beautiful
Thank you, Sen Feinstein.
Thank you! Now protect wild mustangs. Change in protection for wild horses is not OK. Uphold the 1971 Free Roaming Wild Horse and Burro Act
Who's gonna feed those horses?
Anything or anyone that can't pay their own way are subject to slaughter when Republicans are in charge except the 1%
LOL !! # IgnoranceIsBliss
Thank you Senator. Can you bring a motion to the floor to send Trump to a glue factory.
Thank u Senate Appropiations Committee. We do not need horse slaughter plants..
Please vote to repeal Obamacare! CA does not need to be paying for other's abortions!
I finally agree with this lady on something!!
Senator Feinstein THANK YOU, THANK YOU!!!
Agree, and thank you on behalf of the innocents.
Thank you Senator Feinstein for co-sponsoring this amendment to protect America's wild horses~.they belong to all Americans &should be safe!
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you!
The reintroduction of wolves to Yellowstone has RESTORED areas along riverbanks, stopped erosion, and trees are returning! BUT war not over.
Meanwhile the BLM is in the pockets of ranchers and hunters.  To hell with fellow residents of the planet when money gets involved!
Trump & his people evil #Zinke greedy heartless #republicans owned by beef industry are slaughtering our #wildHORSES pls END #HORSEslaughter
Thank you.
Thank you for passing the law against slaughtering horses.
Veterinarians disagree. Horses are being turned out to starve by ppl. who can't won't care for them. It would be more humane to sell meat.
SENATOR ANIMALS WERE CREATED FOR MAN TO DOMINATE; NOT TO BE CRUEL ;OR SAVAGE TO!
Bless you #HorseSlaughter is a despicable disgrace #zinke #BLM are still killing them pls stop #HorseSlaughter save our #horses I beg I pray
Awesome news!
Thank you!
Anyone who's re-homed horses that were about to be sold over the border to be slaughtered knows CA is fighting against horse owners.
Thank You! Did not know about this AND appreciate you continuing to govern against the insane backdrop of the WH
Thank you!
Over population is going to lead to our demise.  We have become over civilized. Horse chops and boiled dog...mmm good
thank you for speaking for the voiceless
Thanks for protecting our national icons!
Thank you!
THANK YOU!!!
Thank you so much!
Thank you!!!!!
Amendment to protect horses but u try 2 destroy 2nd amendment #comeandtakeit
Thank you so much for your leadership & support on this issue. Now, we need to protect the wild horses & burros.
THANK YOU. THANK YOU. THANK YOU.
This is good news.
YES!!!
What is really sick is they kill horses for dog food and some people can't even take care of there horse's properly.
Thank you for your support on this. The PAST Act also has bipartisan support but can't be brought for a vote.
Thank you
Way to attack another crucial issue to obfuscate the facr@that your killing another California water bill in the Senate.  Thanks.
Thanks, Senators. It's encouraging to see bipartisan cooperation on this.
So too are  taxpayer subsidies supporting factory farms -- i.e., cows, chickens, pigs.
(See http://bit.ly/2uIEtmw  HT Grace Comm. Fdn.)
thank you senator feinstein!!!
Does this include wild horses?
Thank you. I can't believe horse slaughter is even a consideration these days.
Ah, but if they were Muslim horses.......
Thank you
American citizens slaughter by illegal Aliens is sickening.
Thank goodness!
How about the slaughter of horses at the Del Mar Fair... Is that sickening too?
Thank you SO much!
Fantastic!  Finally some good news!
Yeah, screw pigs, amirite? 
Not a vegetarian, but I'm not sure why we make distinctions between animals we love and animals we eat.

Thank you @SenFeinstein!
Thank goodness!
this is sickening….
as is this...
