Not one hearing! If Republicans were serious about health care reform, we’d have doctors and patient groups testifying before the Senate!
I say no hearing, no bill! If GOP won’t hold hearings on their health care plan, we shouldn’t vote. This bill is being drafted in secret!
Can you imagine how scary US politics will become if legislation is prepared and passed in secret?
How about some transparency?
Welcome to American Fascism. #ImpeachTrumpNOW
Please filibuster by amendment to delay this process until the CBO and the public are able to understand the consequences of this bill!
FDR - for the peole you will be in trouble again! It's not enoght to say you aren't Trump, you must explain daily why we are not Repub
Yes I can believe it. Can I believe Dems don't fight back hard enough for us?  We don't work on Wall Street. Unless the party comes out like
That's just what they are doing.This investigation needs to done first treason & giving out classified is impeachable.
Time To shut them down.
#IMPEACHPRESIDENTTRUMP
Maybe it is time you get behind sb562 in Calif. @SenFeinstein
They want to use the symbolism of 4th of July we'd better start multi tasking. We can pay attention to Russia and Congress/Senate too.
Get out in the street.
Sadly, yes, I can believe it. 
@GOP proved its contempt and scorn for civic & civil norms by endorsing & still supporting #Trump as @POTUS.
Can you believe..you [assed ACA and required mandates...no thanks.
Time for neoliberals to resign. Get out of the way, let progressives take us forward with Medicare For All! July 24, west lawn in DC #MMFM4A
Can't believe you refuse to support Medicare For All when 60% of Americans want it! All those healthcare donor $s has you backstabbing us.
They're going to try to pass some pathetic amended bill, and who knows? It might pass. These people don't think, they just plot.
#Resistance without memory won't bring change. Remember what is happening now at later elections. Vote your values
I am frightened by what will happen to Healthcare. I have so many family members in critical need to keep insurance. :(
This:
Trumpcare is mean according to dinosaur Donald himself
On Independence Day, another slap in the face to the American People
How is this possible?  It is unfair to those of us needing healthcare.
Yeah. I can believe it
Do whatever you have to do to stop them.  Obstruct everything. My son's life depends on it.
passing this bill to help the wealthy only shows that the GOP has pulled the greatest con job ever on the American people.SAD
@GOP is pathetic
Dianne its toast...GOP burned fried overdone.
A nd I'm over it..where is my potus
I wonder if #Trumpcare will cover the disease Sessions is afflicted with -CRS -"Can't Remember Shit disease?"
#ObamaCare is a disaster. 
#TrumpCare will be worse.
#Medicare4All.
Time for single payer, so we can join the civilized world!
Shocking
Maybe if the left could stop accusing everyone of being a Russian spy they could actually get something done!!
WE MUST STOP THEM.
They are always in a hurry to make bad decisions.
I  do believe it
Withhold consent
Cuz they really don't have one... There isn't one to show, only to undo some of ACA to name it TrumpCare. Take credit for Obama's work..
Well , DO SOMETHING - SOMEONE, ANYONE?? HOW CAN THIS BE HAPPENING ??? FOR GODS SAKE HELP US!!!
I can believe it. They are evil people. But God is watching it all.
AARP we need to defeat every Republican that votes to murder us by killing our health care.
No "hearings" means that the Senators might actually be working and not wasting time "Showboating" like you fellow CA senator
Dems must do Everything in their power to bring this bill to daylight and stall the vote!
This is because Repubs are more interested in passing disguised tax cuts than actually making healthcare better for Americans. #resist
Pls fight back against Rs. Force Rs 2 #ShowUsTheBill/public hearings using filibstr-by-amndmnt. Pls use all ur tools 2 stop despicable bill
It will be their undoing. That will make sure they'll suffer a significant loss in 2018. Then, Trump hopefully is impeached.
Please fight it
Maybe they'll slip into town over the 4th weekend when nobody's around to get it done.
Yes I believe this B.S. about you all are united one big family, hurt 1, hurt us all. But the GOP has no problem taking HEALTHCARE from poor
Can you believe the Democrats under Barry Obama got nothing done for 8 years except to  try to destroy a great Country !!!
NO vote on any health care bill without conscientious evaluation.
Time for responsible members of Congress to engage the emergency brakes!
Please do what you can!
Yes. It is easy to believe. These guys are horrible. Care nothing about America and Americans.
You just said yourself, Obama administration took over a year to pass healthcare bill. Right wants nuclear left wants microwave.
Please keep fighting on our behalf, Dianne!
Love Senator Feinstein!  Proud to live in CA - she's a true role model!
No Diane we can't believe it.  Sick to my stomach since January!!
Give 'em hell
Of course. They're doing a takeover and don't care.
Stop them now do not let bill pass through Senate
Traitors. #sickening
What's status of investigation into illegal legislative processes being used by GOP? Reason they don't want debate is they have 0 answers.
how dare they act like lying, scheming, dishonest @SenateDems and @HouseDemocrats!?! Didn't y'all do it? #DemocratsLiesMatter
Have you not had enough hearings? That's all you do is attend hearings? Try working! Remember you can read it after it's passed.
But...but... it's a Campaign Promise.
If you and the rest of the Democrats want to help the country instead of preaching hate then a good health care bill would pass.
Insane...
Have you even read the bill?  Or do we have to pass it to find out what's in it?
Bunch of crooks, they are not representing American people, just big companies & rich & their own commissions
Keep tweeting and fighting for us.  Thank you.
Sadly, I can believe it. I once would've voted for a Republican based on issues. Now, will never vote for a Republican, regardless.
Will u prepare thousands of amendments to offer during vote-a-rama so that debate is prolonged long enough for hearings & CBO score?
well we need something better than what we have now. I have higher premiums but horrible healthcare
SOBs, ALL of them
Call your Senators! Demand hearings! Tell them "no vote" until there is transparency! #healthcare #NoHearingNoVote
It's sad to say but YES I do believe it. When has  the R Party ever done the right thing for citizens of USA. Name 1
Put a senatorial hold on it. You have the power.
Can you *not* believe it? This is pretty standard with today's @GOP congresscowards
Sadly.........our country pretty messed up right now. Trump wants to pull a quick one past everyone. Typical Trump. Pretty shady and slimy.
Then stop making 2018 talking points and stop them.
Please don't let this go on. It's an assault on deliberative democracy as well as a smash and grab on health care
Grind the Senate to a halt and force them to show their work.
Yes I can believe it. They don't care about the everyday American. All they care about is their pockets and how much money they can cram in.
How can 52 civil servants decide the fate of tens-of-millions of Americans?
That's how they do things in secret
So much for Ryan's crocodile tears about how we are all one family. Would he deny his own wife or kids health care?
They just want us to be able to celebrate our independence from Health care.
Don't allow it Senator!  Gather your constituents and demand hearings!  This is too important not to!
Hold your own hearing.
@AM_Forsaken BLOCK THAT VOTE!!
No.  Completely unbelievable @gop.  Where's yesterday's bi partisanship?
The arrogant Republicans don't want any hearings or the Dems seeing their destructive Healthcare bill. I doubt if all Repubs will see it
Amend, amend, amend when they finally bring it to the floor.
Still think impeachment is too disruptive to Americans? We've never had our lives and country so disrupted in chaos by anyone before Trump.
Because, of course, Republicans care so much about the well-being of the American people, they're in a hurry!
So do the (R)s just think "we got this." Why is there NO attempt to involve (D)s? I'm a little scared to actually see what they came up with
And doesn't everyone in DC take off for weekend before 7/4? 

So basically 10 business days between now and passing bill blindly
Get to work tater tot!
With respect: What in the ever living jesusfuck are you all grossly overpaid simpering do-nothings  doing to stop it? Shut down the Senate
They will seal the coffin for the Republican party in the next election.   They have sold their souls.
Work on health care !!!!
What are @TheDemocrats doing to impede their progress? Stop all business till they have hearings. #Trumpcare #wealthcare
Sen. Speaker Mitch McConnell (R-KY) said he is striving to get a vote on the Republican health care bill by July 4, before Congress leaves??
What you are posting is #FAKENEWS ... If you can't be a part of the solution then you are the problem - the post is FALSE!
Withhold consent. The time is now. The public deserves and open hearing.
They are desperate. They control everything and still can't get anything done. #iIndivisible
Pull everything out of your bag just like McConnell.  Stop this crap in it's tracks.
The craziness of insanity!
Yep, how's that unity thingy working?
So on July 4th, GOP wants to say, "Happy Birthday Americans. You're all going to die sooner than you thought."
Yes. Yes I can believe it.
are the Dems ever going to get tired of "playing nice"?! you can't kill these GOP bastards with kindness!
ALL democrat house & senate members need to fight this by ANY means necessary & if they don't they're trash
I am pretty sure it's not some prettily wrapped Christmas present that they want to surprise us with.
I believe it. It's simple. They know it stinks and don't want the public or the Democratic senators to see it.
Start working the floor of the senate now to find your colleagues who will stand up to this type of back room bill writing.
You mean t***p doesn't care.
Oh we believe it alright. How about you guys doing something to stop them? GOP plays tough, bout time we started reciprocating
Are you not familiar with the continued protests & filibusters? Need a Dem majority for more.
Dems can add dozens of amendments even if they're BS. Senate has to act on those. That's what Reps do, Dems never do it. Fight fire w/fire
What's not to believe? Republicans are evil. Always have been for as long as I've been alive. You haven't been paying attention.
start writing amendments so you can filibuster.
#Monsters
yeah, I can, sadly. Please Please Please use any tool (including filing 1000s of amendments) to #resist
Filibuster by Amendment all the way to the midterms!!! It's the only way to stop them.
Yesterday they were calling for "unity" in the name of #Scalice. How about some unity around Healthcare bill!!! #NOAHCA#NOSecretBill!
For those who voted for HRC, THE MAJORITY, the Republicans would like to stick their vicious corruption right up America's arse.
Shameful
#FillabusterByAmendment Democrats have to stop  #Trumpcare by any measure
Don't let it happen! No one has even read it! Even Trump called it "mean." Holy crap!
I CAN  believe it.
@Headerop1 It's called tRumpNOCARE because it gives no care and he and GOP and repugnant repugs do NOT CARE about the PEOPLE!
IMPEACHMENT could prolong senate action on lots of bills. Waiting to see which way the hair blows.
Yes, we can believe it. What could be done Senator to stop this travesty?
So what are Democrats doing, to fight it with everything we've got? Stall it! Fillibuster by amendment! If not now, when? You have to fight.
Senator, I am your direct constituent from 92551. I will have your back on any actions you take to impede/prevent passage of the Bill
Get busy and work for us, the people. Can't believe congress gets a big vacay and nothing's done
Let's don't let the Repubs pass a healthcare bill before the public knows what is in it!!! COME ON AMERICA, STAND UP AND FIGHT!!!
Trying to rush it before #Trump & co. falls.
I believe it. Greed and laziness are their life. They come to work at 11am so they can start a four hour lunch break.
Vote-o-rama time.
About what? The train wreck Obamacare? Or what's left of it? You need to ask your constituents what a pile of fertilizer it is.
Why July 4th? As if they're sending us all a message, "finally independence from having to help the American people."
I "hope" you'll do whatever you can to stop them! 
#trumpnocare #trumpcareless
Vote-A-Rama! 
Buy time to review the bill before they shove it through & frustrate the bastards with their own loophole! #VoteARama #NoAHCA
Shut down business! Filibuster by amendment! Pull out all the stops to prevent them from stripping healthcare from millions! Please.
Delusional!
I agree and hope you can figure out a way to stop them! @SenSchumer
Not a single woman on the committee
Who do they work for
W/Repub controlled Senate (tho not by much), yes we do. R's put party over country don't see they're doing themselves in & harm 23M people.
shocking and embarrassing the fellow Americans would pull a fast one like that.
What's done in the dark shall someday come to the light. Republicans are sneaky and downright mean.
Yes, I believe it.
Pls do your best to stop the madness .
If they are playing dirty..slow it down with votearama amendments. They can't vote as long as Dems offer amendments. Force them 2 work w/ U!
Can we get a Trump Impeachment by July 4th I want that more than I want trumpcare
We MUST stop this secretive travesty. Tell us how we can help/
Filibuster by amendments.
Please do everything to stop this!
No, it's unbelievable - and so slimy.
Don't let them!!!!
So do something about it! Commit to Filibustering every amendment! You have the power to stall this. Use it! That's why we elected you.
#trump don'tcare
when AMA & AARP oppose the bill, it is clear doctors & patients oppose it.
I'M PANICKING NOW 
@RosenthalHealth Repercussions will only seem real when a GOP constituent needs a repealed provision #ShowUsTheBill
That's because this isn't a healthcare bill it is legalized murder
It's a good thing that the people in Washington who were savagely shot have top NOTCH congressional health insurance.
Believe it. These folks are out for blood.
They're hauling ass because they see the writing on the wall and want to see their "agenda" through before the  hits the fan.
Happy Independence Day, celebrate your future medical debt? Not sure I like the theme this year.
Hearings. Data. Providers. Americans.  Imagine the care you would like the wounded baseball players would need.
Yes, I can. It's the republicans after all. But please try to stop them.
Unfreaking believable! It's payback for 2013! R's want to destroy every last vestige of President Obama's accomplishments
But I thought you all had your unity parade?Guess that didn't solve anything but the illusion that in the end,we,the people still get fucked
Please don't let them pass this.
I believe the GOP is Evil & It intends to do what it takes to create another tax break for rich while destroying 23M+lives;unless U Stop It
@IndivisibleTeam @OccupyDemocrats @ResistanceParty It is time to make calls to Senators if you want any Rs to vote against this bill  NOW
Tell the GOP to stop aiding & abetting King crooked Mobster Trump and maybe things will eventually get done.
.Can they call a vote without having any #Dems in attendance? #Boycott all hearings & votes & anything else where they could sneak in vote
Thank you for continuing to point this out, Senator. #ShePersisted
Republicans only WANT to meet an artificial deadline of theirs. Their haste will bring waste; it'll also bring heartache and death. 2/2
Dems need to walk out and stay out of congress if they don't have a hearing!
.I can believe it. #GOP keep lying about how the #ACA was constructed.They seem to forget all the hearings and #GOP amendments were included
After the shooting i dont think they will try to cram that down anyone's throat that will be like suicidal for them but hey what do i know?
