(2/4) Trump administration has denied every avenue to allow this family to stay together. This deportation is devoid of humanity.
(3/4) More evidence that Donald Trump’s immigration policy is just a hateful deportation program that targets law-abiding families.
(4/4) I’ll continue to fight for the Sanchez family and all families across the country who have been callously targeted.
Their plight is on you Dianne.  Congress should've fixed this mess years ago but didn't.  You failed these poor people & all those effected.
This has to STOP
It's a shame that during those 23 years you couldn't find the time to help her and her family legally immigrate. #changethelaw
How are they law abiding citizens? I'm all for people going thru the process but Dems calling them law abiding is insulting.
Dianne? What part of the word ILLEGAL don't you understand? I'm sure there are citizens in ur district that have issues u could address!
All #illegals are criminals & you Feinstein know that. Your rich donors fire hard working Americans then hire illegals for their cheap labor
Nothing "law abiding" about illegals. They had plenty of time to file for a green card. Just stop.
http://They.are.here .illegally.  Illegally means, in violation of US law.  Are you against the rule of law?
You may not be aware but there is a path to citizenship. It was in all the papers. Maybe you missed it working in the government and all.
Please stop fake hate
Sugarcoat it all you want. They are not being deported for being here legally. YOU NEED TO READ EXISTING IMMIGRATION LAW and abide by it!
immigrate legally.
Why was a US citizen deported?? Oh yeah...
Trump hired undocumented people. He told America that he was only targeting the gang members, and those hurting communities. Not working ppl
He still is
You could go with them...
What an asinine, rock star wannabe response! Go hide on your island and eat, and don't bother other people. #SoSickOfDrumpfers
They're not law-abiding, but somehow this goes right over your head.
Illegal.
How can this be good policy  #Trump said 'we are going after the bad guys' he lied. Is anything that comes out of his mouth worth hearing?
23 law-abiding yrs??? If they had completed requirements for citizenship they would not be deported. When are democrats going to enforce law
They need to be legal, it's the law.
Sen Feinstein are you 100 years old yet.  California legalized MJ, but you still oppose why are you so 19th century?  Time to retire!!
If they were here for 23 years then they had plenty of time to apply and pay for citizenship. Why didn't they?
 Inhumane!
How much of our tax$ did they steal from hard working citizens? The sad story is how long they got away with breaking our laws.
If one has an unwanted guest break into their home, it is only prudent to, at the minimum, show them the door.
If one is a tumor, we excise it. So, post your address and I'll come there and remove you the tumor from American Society.
Sneaking into country illegally not law abiding. What about #KateSteinle.
They're not "law-abiding" if their illegals! We have laws which you so much want to ignore!
Just how are they "law abiding" when the last 23 years they were ILLEGAL aliens?
For 15 years they were denied green cards by the courts...there must be a reason why...
I'll bet there is more to this story than is being told @SenFeinstein
Here's a novel concept, Trump must go!
That shows how ignorant and out of touch the president is. Immigrants has been a vital nerve in our in our economy.
Use your power to help them.
Hopefully they will come back legally
Well they had 23 years to become legal immigrants, it's too bad you don't fight for the legal Americans that live here by working with Trump
I'm sure its hard to work with an ignorant, incompetent person such as 45.
Having not been caught SB rewarded according to you. Having and using a phony SSN is cause for deportation and preeminent ban from coming.
Feinstein what is your real agenda not Obamas but yours, get out of politics you have lots of money you're not going to help anybody. Right
Mrs. Feinstein will you really help I think not that's all fake you people are trying to kick in Obama's agenda it's not going to work.
did they break the law?  Why don't you all fix the LEGAL immigration system?
Why didn't they get themselves started towards citizenship?  We want people like them and they would be accepted.  This is a shame.
So why are they being deported if they have never broken the law. This needs 2 stop!  There 2 many negative changes coming from the WH.
Do you really care , why don't you pay their back taxes so they can continue working there. Will see how heartbroken you are !!!
You really don't mean what you say because all the money you have you will not help anybody so how heartbroken are you!!!!!
And that goes for all you democrats if you feel for all the immigrants help them put all your money so they can get ahead!!!!
I am here to support trump, all democrats give up your money help the emigrants but you won't who in the hell are you fighting for then!!
So terribly sad.  Thanks for any help you can give this family.
How can you be law abiding when you broke the law!?! Due Process!!
bot.
23 years? Why didn't they apply for citizenship? Were they just lazy, didn't want to pay the $$ what? Playing the system? What?
How can law abiding immigrants be deported? Oh wait, they broke the law by entering this country illegally. Funny how that works
bot
Are they here illegally? How about we start ignoring traffic laws? They're mostly a pain in the neck. Constitution and laws mean nothing 2 U
So we shouldn't prosecute people who have gotten away with crimes for a long time???
Tough cookies, granny.  Get em out....

@cnnbrk #IllegalImmigration

23 years and they never tried to get a green card or become citizens? Sounds like they failed, not our immigration policy.
Let me help out she does not say law abiding "citizen" but "lives" because if they were to get even traffic ticket before  hold for ICE.
Can't you help them???
To bad you're not heartbroken for those of us here legally and obey the laws
If you are in the USA illegally, go home.
:(
So unfair There has been a deliberate full stop to millions who paid Attnys filed never received papers over last 30 to 40 years
It's ashamed that your not heartbroken over the service member killed in Afghanistan today smh
Sad indeed!
Was they here illegally
This nation is a disgrace and has completly lost sight of what AMERICA IS AND STANDS FOR.
They had enough time to do it the right way maybe to much red tape in your great democratic state
They'll be back the right way.
Thank your buddy POTUS. Hates mexicans, Muslims, blacks etc. Loves racist groups though
San Francisco sanctuary city is a disgrace to America who allow an illegal immigrant to kill a vibrant  and beautiful Kate Steinle!Shameful
You can solve this problem for all of us by removing Trump from office--simple solution
Enough words now do something #impeachtrump
There are no countries with open borders. Why are we trying to be the only? You can't move to Canada or Mexico without their permission.
Tough shit. Either you are legal or you are not. Why don't you start caring about the middle class?
Adios, machachos
Deported?  Was she here all that time illegally?  She had 23 years to make it right.
Begs the question, where do you GO after 23 years away from someplace?
You mean 23 years of getting away with being a criminal.
This is so very wrong. Makes absolutely no sense. 
What does it say when your state's TWO U.S.SENATORS cannot stop a deportation in their own backyard?  Talk about Fed overreach!
You mean after breaking our immigration laws and evading capture for 23 years, they finally face the consequences of their actions.
They had 23 years to legal Americans,  23 years of not paying taxes, being paid under the table
23 year and they are still illegal?
@HouseGOP caused this problem long ago by not passing Senate version of immigration reforms.  #GOPdisaster continues until midterms
I'm glad I added you, you keep me up to date letting me know about all the illegals getting deported keep it up. I love hearing these storys
THANK YOU SEN. FEINSTEIN!
Lol
To"F" Bad
Hmmmm
This is so wrong. Please keep fighting! #ImmigrantsCount #NoMoreDeportations
Being illegal and law abiding is not the same thing.
There is absolutely nothing preventing Mr. & Mrs. Sanchez from seeking LAWFUL entry into the U.S. Thousands do it every day, Senator.
Diane you've been in Congress since Moses parted the water for your people YET YOU'VE DONE NOTHING FOR SINGLE PAYER, DECRIMINALIZE POT ETC
They have had 23 years to become legal immigrants. Immigration policy is finally being followed.
Yes, For 15 years they were denied green cards by the courts...there must be a reason why...
Always more to the story...
President you are not representing those of us who voted for you.  We are becoming ashamed that you are our President.  Heed Mentorship!
More of the never ending racism in America!
They can come back just legally they have been here long enough to become citizens
Didn't she break the law coming here illegally?
Shouldn’t have broken the law to begin with. But don’t totally despair, think of all the elections they cast illegal votes for democrats.
Being a white male racist know nothing is illegal. Turn yourself in for mineral processing.
Those who are in this country illegally, are not law-abiding.  As a member of Congress, you have duty to uphold our laws.
Law abiding except for the part where they came into the country illegally. But pay no attention to that.
Are there enough beats left in that broken heart to actually DO SOMETHING? Where are the articles of impeachment?
I’d think a “brilliant business executive” would know how to spell… but no I’m sure you’re right, I’m the simpleton 
And yes you are the simpleton. Confirmed!!
Well that was 23 years to long. After breaking the law they continued to break the law. They had 23 years to become citizens but they didn't
23 productive years? 23 years violating immigration laws u helped them violate by not enforcing immigration l. That's ALL ON YOU FINKYSTEIN

she shouldn't have broken the law
please impeach him
If you are illegal it is not law abiding. Why didn't they put in for citizenship??
It wasn't law-abiding if they were here illegally. How hard is that to understand?
She is a bleeding heart liberal
If they did not enter the country legally they disrespected the contributing Americans and they need to go
They knew the consequences the day they broke the law and subjected their children as well. #Deporte
Agreed but I am not aware of what the democrats have done to push that issue forward? what is the path to legalization for such people?
He is only enforcing the laws that your Congress has voted on.  Presidents shouldn't be allowed to decide what laws to follow.
Law-abiding? She broke the law when she entered this country illegally. Now she is getting the punishment she risked by coming here.
Why not a law giving each MC six "go to head of line" passes?  If this too political, then just let existing laws work as they were written.
Thank you for your leadership, Senator. I'm proud to be a Californian. 
Doesn’t take much to make you proud does it?
We only know so much. There must be more to the story. But, hopefully they can continue their quest in US Embassy Mexico. Best of luck to'm.
I feel sorry for them, they have been undocumented for all this time and haven't taken care of it, I would say if there is a valid reason
"Law abiding" illegal aliens 
@SweetzonWheels @SenFeinstein that's a great oxymoron
Why don't you adopt them?
Right.  Too bad they didn't follow the law coming in then they could be our poster children for doing things the right way.
This isn't right. Can't you do anything to help them?
If you listen 2 David Dukes video posted @ top of his Twitter page (or it's on mine), u'll hear immigration racism plan that Trump imposed.
It's remarkable enough that I deem Trumps ban & new policies can b determined "racist" based on his connection 2 "Alt-Right". ? worth a shot
Why didn't they request citizenship all these years? Curious.
It is sad yes but our immigration policies haven't worked for years. How could someone not legal stay for 23 years w/o being noticed?
Here's a concept, change the laws. Isn't that what congress does, make laws? USA can't survive w/out a new influx of immigrants.
Part of the issue is they don't work for "we the people" anymore. Too many self serving politicians and lobbyists are more important 2 them.
Yes, a lot of lip service but no real change.
Never forget Meg Whitman running for Gov in CA caught having an illegal  working for her. She spent millions on election, but not her staff!
That's just so very wrong
Better to deport the Neo-Nazis that hate our America if you want to deport people who harbor anti-American views and ideals...
You have done nothing on immigration reform. You swore to support and defend the law same as President Trump. These are laws you voted for!
@realDonaldTrump  These are NOT MS13,rapists etc of your delusions Shame on you and an administration who support this
Law-abiding? They broke the law when they entered this country illegally. Now they are getting the punishment they risked by coming here.
Why hasn't she applied for citizenship? It's been 23 years?
45 PRESIDENCY has failed.
No just got youliberals confused
They r deported while POTUS lauds Friday marchers
If they came legally this wouldn't be happening
If you were dead, then it would a little quieter and nicer here on earth.
23 years without a Social Security card not paying into the system or using someone else's number illegally! 
Which is it Dianne?
Outrageous, A lot of "family values" people are looking at a very hot eternity.
Does your heart go out to the hundreds murdered by undocumented aliens? Or the thousands killed by the drugs smuggled in by them? You judge!
Hush little one
We will not remain quiet, while you minions spin deceptive lies in an attempt to decieve the America people.
Impeach that racist fascist ahole already!
Wonder how many crimes the president has committed over the last 23 years?  Going back to 1995.
Probably too many to count.
Where you get that the word probably tips your hand
You forgot the part where he was breaking immigration law for 23 years.
These law-abiding  men and women  ARE AMERICANS and should be treated as fellow people pursuing identical dreams to our own.
Law-abiding? They broke the law when they entered this country illegally. Now they are getting the punishment they risked by coming here.
This is HORRIBLE!!!!
Ah well. Tsk tsk. Life goes on Dianne. Buck up & be strong.
my God...that's horrible.
