It's not over. I bet they are just trying to distract us.
@girlsreallyrule @mmpadellan @RobinBrenizer @riotwomennn @olgaNYC1211 @funder
When mailboxes and inboxes fill up and they are overwhelmed with constituent voices, it does make a difference, especially for re-election.
This Health Care dog fight isn't over until the fat lady sings or at a minimum more of a show at the polls to #FlipItBlue in 2018 & 2020
Blue has no clue what to do! To busy getting people to hate each other. Antifa terrorists.
Where do you live? I live in the Midwest. All of my neighbors are Democrats. We're decent people w kids who want actual progress.
NM. Most blue are educated PhDs. Most red are mostly on welfare & luck to have GEDs.

Christohobic US senator tries to apply a religious test on judicial nominee. Christophobia has no place in America http://www.wnd.com/2017/09/top-democrat-defends-grilling-trump-nominee-about-faith/ …
Thank YOU, @SenFeinstein @SenKamalaHarris and @RepBarbaraLee . Proud to be from California!! (I did make many calls :)
SEN FEINSTEIN: when will you address vote fraud in WI MI PA?? Trump down 4-7% 3 days prior and wins each by statistically impossible -.1%

Can we #ImpeachTrump now? Asking for a friend.
What do  you base "cripple the poor" upon? There is no legislation written, as of yet. This is completely illogical.
The present healthcare system is awful! Obama-care  (i.e.Hillarycare, yes it was her plan) needs to be replaced.
thank you, Ms. Feinstein!
and now he is threatening exec. order., IMPEACH
Give us #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer works. How many more years of this do we endure? #TaxDollarsForOurHealth = #HealthySociety like others*
Is Feinsten still around? I thought she went away with Hillary?
Debbie Wasserman Schultz and Imran Awan should be investigated for the major cybersecurity breach at the DNC.
You democrats don’t care about Americans.
Repubs. had ALL this time to come up with something better, hell something at least viable. This was a failure & ppl know it.
So now Americans are stuck with failing ACA. Sick
When are you going to work for a free market driven Healthcare program that advantages everybody including the national debt?  Waiting for?
You mean Rand Paul and a few other GOP members demanding a true ACA repeal did it. You pretty much wasted time on knee taking.
Now go to work and get rid of his tax cuts for his mega rich friends
Better watch out because, probably, McConnell & most of the GOP are being blackmailed to do this stuff. They (maybe), campaign rubles
McConnell's pac got $1.5 million from the Russians. So did Rubio. I just posted an article about it. GOP took $7.5 million from an oligarch.
They can be held responsible for what their pacs did? That's got be it, no way McConnell would've kept going w/ACA repeal w/o 'incentive'
McConnell took the money. It's a matter of public record.
Good job
Can you look the American people and the California voters in the face and say Obama Care is good? Your leadership is foolish
Meanwhile, the #Obamacare #ACA that Dianne Feinstein voted for continues its devastation of the middle class.
Meanwhile, You've left the rest of US on the ACA sinking ship!
The GOP and Trump do not want a better healthcare system or insurance system for all Americans; they simply believe they must repeal ACA.

Thank you Senator Feinstein for protecting our care!
Stop NFL from being tax expt billionaire owners can pay there share.

Thank you
Where in this country together, we will stand united against evil!!!
Senator, the American people want #SinglePayer and ultimately we will achieve it. Please join us!
#MedicareForAll
And thank you, Senator, for making YOUR voice heard. Yes we did- it and it feels real  good.
Thank you for your help stopping this bill

GOP has technically until Sat - confident they won't pull a fast one?!
Kind of like how the dems stuck us ACA?
I disagreed with some of that process too. However not comparable since there were hearings, regular order, debates etc
 And thank you, too, for all your hard work! 
At least they won’t vote on the Graham-Cassidy HC bill not right this second
Thank you
Woo hoo
#Legalize #StopProhibition
For now!  #Resist
Good job keeping millions uninsured!
Good. But, why did you vote for most of Trump's picks?! They're horrible...
Let's not celebrate too soon Senator. @SenateGOP can still change process and desimate ACA. Majority of them want to kill #Medicaid.

Dianne you're simply evil and stupid
Yes well now how are you going to fix it. Just throw money at the problem and make us pay for it? It is your usual tactic. Democrats lost.
Cmon Dianne. Grammar police!!  
Thank you too
Thank you Senator!
I hope The Republican party  learned there lesson and do it the Bipartisanship way
Thanks everyone. Unfortunately the GOP will continue to try and pass some horrible bill we can't get complacent. AND we need to vote on 2018
Too bad we have Senators like you in DC. No wonder the country was a mess when Trump took office. I hope you and others leave office so we can MAGA
Yes thank you @RandPaul  democrats think they did this gtfoh
Canadian citizen, but cheering for all of you people who pulled it off..!! So happy for my American neighbours..!!! VICTORY..!!
#RESIST bc @realDonaldTrump & #GOP are #ClearAndPresentDanger to USA & the world! I vote we #DeportTrumpAndGOP The Dreamers we'll keep!
Now make the push in the other direction.
Healthcare, Capitalism and Democracy in America only for the happy few  ?
Ad budget cut, right? Spread the word that open enrollment is coming! Sen, please now work to improve affordability of the ACA #fixtheACA
Thank you for fighting the good fight!
Does this mean another new Obamacare repeal law will come out on Wednsday? They’ve still got time! Gotta love the GOP and their crap legisln
So now we need to get help to Puerto Rico and USVIs
Fantastic, now fix the ACA.
It's a 1st step. Now all need to work together to find way to provide great care for all. Embarrassing other countries can do it & we can't.
Can you also ask them to put a gag rule on bozo? Grateful for you, always.
Thank goodness.

The best thing to do now is let the 100% democrat Obamacare implode.  Let Americans see that Dems are responsible for the bad legislation
Support Single Payer
Never

Won’t be long until the @GOP finds another way to destroy us.
Are we sure? I feel like I'm watching a horror movie where the monster keeps coming back to life.
Come on Dianne, give all Americans the same medical coverage you and your colleagues get.
For now...
No, no...thank YOU for voting for Obamacare. My premiums have never been so high AND I lost my doctor and plan from before. STUPID!!!!
Thank you but watch out they will be back
I doubt this is the last we'll hear about their attempts to repeal. If they can't repeal, they'll try to sabotage ACA. It's what tRump wants
Thank you Senator Feinstein.
Thank you @SenFeinstein   Always so glad to know you represent me and my interests. I'm in good hands in CA with you and @SenKamalaHarris
- TrumpCare is dead... but now can we do bi-partisan work  to improve ACA?
Thank you for your work!
God do not like UGLY so now let us IMPEACH DONALD T.
Vote out GOP in 2018 and then impeach Trump the Russian conspirator.
Thank you Senator!!
Thank you Dianne. I have a lot of respect for you
Lol does that help my $900 payment a month and $13000 deductible???? So out of touch with America
How much are you donating to keep #Obamacare solvent? It's killing the working poor. But you have your platinum plan so you don't care.
Unity! 
It was and always will be a grotesque bill that will kill millions
Thank you, Senator.
Now please pay attention to #puertorico. 3.4 million US citizens' lives depend on it
Can't be worse the Obamacare
no thank you and @SenJohnMcCain  @SenatorCollins  @lisamurkowski  @tedcruz  @RandPaul  for saying they wouldn't vote this bill
Thank you for your leadership!!!
For now. It will return.
Thank you for all you've done to keep "Hope Alive". 
Hurray. No socialism, don't be a sellout.
It feels like a trick from #GOP - waiting for them to pounce with the next Party before American lives
This is how you're staying in power in CA. You're lying to all the people.
Let's Make Sure #GrahamCassidyBill is Dead & Buried because this kind of GOP "Healthcare" will cause US to be Dead & Buried 
Yes we did but there's more to do & I'm sure we can win
Thank you @SenFeinstein!
That's cool but don't call yourself a democrat if you are not for single payer. You are Republican Light.
I don't trust them.
Until the next time, right?
You're a corrupt woman. Sad.
Are you addicted to money?


Now please get rid of @realDonaldTrump
Stay vigilant. These snakes can still bite.
They can change the rules in January and keep trying to ram through this garbage. Hope Trump and Pence are gone by then, one can only hope
If Canada can provide universal healthcare that's more affordable  & at a fraction of the cost, why can't we??
Thank you Senator Feinstein.
Thank you, Senator.
For now - until the next underhand stunt that the GOP will try to pull. So everyone has to be observant
Crooked McConnell has already announced Republiclones are not done with their attempts to gut healthcare for their TAX CUT! Stay awake.

HEADS UP: @LisaMurkowski NEVER came out as NO... 

Republicans HAVE UNTIL SATURDAY...and could pull a #HailMary on #GrahamCassidy... #CALL
Thank you  Senator
Premiums will never drop til we bring the costs of healthcare down.
But let us not forget about Jimmy Kimmel and what he did to defeat the latest attempt at TRUMP PHONY CARE for money?
Yes! Another bad bill bites the dust.
This providing more evidence for my thesis "The GOP sucks."
Thank you Senator!
And we'll continue to do it. Our collective voices move the needle. We need to keep the pressure on.
#Democrats didn’t stop  the vote, 4 # Republicans did
Be wary. I dont trust them. Might slip some bullshit through over the weekend...
Your brain cells are depleting.
NOT YET. Constant Vigilance!
Graham Cassidy was Bad http://Medicine.Now  we must hold Reps.To task on Tax Reform.They want breaks only for wealthy. Trickle down? NO
McConnell has had enough!
Thank you for everything that you did for my family and our country!!
Yes! And now many more will lose their healthcare because you are unwilling to work with GOP! You should be VERY proud! Sickening!
Paul Ryan confirmed the sabotage isn't over, he said Obamacare is dead. What can be done about that?
@SpeakerRyan Once Mueller gets a hold of you for accepting donations from Russia you're gone, soulless. Enjoy prison. 
Sorry (not sorry) for filling up your voicemail box and fax tray, senator. Thanks for being on the right side of this debate.
You're terrible!  Democrats need new leadership!
You've done nothing #LyingFeinstein now give back the $ you've purloined
& thanks to you, @SenFeinstein
REPUBLICANS  Strike  OUT Again.
Thank God. Now pls stop nuclear Armageddon w/ NK!
Now, can they revive the zombie again? How many more times
No, Thank YOU.
Thank you Senator be vigilant against them we will
So much winning!!
Thank you, Sen. Feinstein!
Thank you Senator!!!
Retire if you will not fully support SINGLE PAYER UNIVERSAL HEALTHCARE FOR ALL. We require candidates who refuse CORPORATE FUNDING.
But they did say it's not if it will pass but when...so remain vigilant in the fight for life 
#ViveLaResistance
Thanks for standing with us...
Thank you for working to defeat #GrahamCassidy. Not sure I could even cope if my lovely Senators were on the side of supporting rubbish.
Do you have any idea what it's like to wait for Congress to figure out healthcare while being someone unable to afford Ocare?
Frustrating, I can understand your dislike of this healthcare for you but remember that the GOP has done everything to sabotage Ocare.
I agree.  GOP is soulless. They have all of the power to make a difference and do nothing. Yet they still get paid.
You and I can see the lack of real cooperation between both parties. If there is a solution I believe it has to be bipartisan.
Legalize weed
We will stop when you stop complaining about your obamacare... if it's so giid, don't complain then
You didn't have much to do Dianne. Just sit back and watch the inept @GOP Senators blow themselves up.
Congratulating one another for yet again getting NOTHING done for the Americans ?Shame on you all!
Great, we're screwed with zero choices again.
Oh yay, now we can back to listening to everyone whine about obamacare, and how no doctors will see them.. good move there..hope ur happy
And thanks to you too.
Thank YOU, @SenFeinstein . Thank YOU!
Thank God for you all and those 3 Republicans who were brave enough to say NO!  I would have liked to hear what the Alaska vote would be.
Wonderful!
Damn!!!
Like you had any bearing on that...LMAO
You did nothing except make the healthcare system worse today Diane Feinstein. Nothing noble about that.
Need the same attention to any tax cuts for the 1%!
Another friggin' waste of senatorial time. Could they not see where this would ultimately lead to?
0-4
Yes you did it you screwed the middle class we can't even use our insurance thanks. Just a card we can't even use
Yes thank U everyone and now stand back and watch the system implode...I hope all of you so called supporters eat dust for you money is gone
What are you doing to fix the ACA??!! I'm going broke
Full Repeal.
Thank you Senator!
Now --- Time to support #MedicareForAll. Ppl are passionate abt their healthcare. @TheDemocrats can fight for it or keep losing seats
Thank you, @SenFeinstein !
They'll attach it to the budget.
Thank you
Thank you, Senator, for standing up for us!
...... I think that bill did most of the work ...  like that "wall" medicaid repeal is a poison pill
DEMOCRATS ARE WORSE @jamestrumpster1
YES WE DID.....
Yay! Now let's give them no excuses to try another bill due to problematic aspects of Obamacare by having #MedicareForAll.
right, Senate Republicans were so scared of #dumb, #ignorant #voters on #NationalVoterRegistrationDay that they stop the #GrahamCassidyBill
Let's keep up the pressure because they won't stop.
When will healthcare become a constitutional right?
It's a victory for a lot of people and some of them don't even know it but that's how and why working for the common good works. #WhoWeAre
What ARE you doing 2 fix health care? Nothing I can C! & pls don't suggest MORE government as the solution. Don't want Brit or Canada care!
Please get something done to help the people of Puerto Rico. Our citizens there need help now!
