Didn't the Dems ram through Obamacare? Kettle calling the pot black?
No? The law took a year in committees, and accepted hundreds of the GOP's amendments into it.
Not one republican vote! Pelosi - we have to pass the bill so you can see what's in it - sounds transparent!
ok, let's say that's all true, for sake of debate— you are assuredly saying that these tactics were BAD, yes?
That they ought not have been used? And that the party that uses them delegitimization the results such
tactics achieve, yes? You think that these practices are unworthy of a free republic? Then why use them?
GOP has all three branches of the govt. Why aren't they opening up the debate? Why not show what better
democratic practices can bring about? Why does "you did it first!" suddenly release you from your principles?
You are one to talk about jamming bills through.  ACA sound familiar.  Haha
of course ACA sounds familiar.It's the acronym used for the legislation that saved 27 million american's lives
Biggest lie since "I love you".
considering they are as #DUMBasROCKS, I sincerely doubt it
Diamonds are pretty sharp, actually.
by sharp, you mean cutting, not IQ
I have made a terrible mistake, and I apologize to you all I'm so sorry
People  want reforms that lead to jobs & more money in their pockets, not spending on big gov programs. U want bi partisan, act bi partisan
Wasn't it your side that said we have to pass the bill to see what is in it. I guess think before you speak was never taught to you.
Like Obamacare. Arm twisting in middle of night? A bit hypocritical? Obama was shoving exec orders in our faces daily.
That is rich when the dems shoved through so many bills. Remember obamacare to
@WillSteph Have the Clintons learned that jamming Bill through is only going to erupt in more adultery scandals?
Feinstein is thick as pig as shit
I kind of doubt that they've learned that yet. But yeah, politics in democracy 101.
Didn't you jam the ACA through?  That isn't working too well, huh?
Neither one of those answers are worth the type y'all have ....lawd
But you didn't care to read Obamacare before it was passed
Wow. Pelosi, "we had to pass the bill to find out what's in it". Sound familiar? Amazing that elected officials think we're forgetful.
Just like Obamacare was, Senator ?
Jamming bills through only works for democrats.
Funny you should say that. AHA was jammed through without reading
Way too many have zero understanding of the miracle that became America. Those that troll and seek to divide America aren't patriots. 
I'm afraid they haven't learned anything.
MrSpeaker invented the word obstruction party!Trump invented birther BS.Disgrace! 
AmericaTogether
piglousey learned that jamming obumuscare through did not work.It's failing.
Tax reform. That's @GOP speak for tax cuts for the wealthy, right? No! Greedy cretins like @SenateMajLdr and @SpeakerRyan will never learn!
Yes. It has worked so well for #Trumpcare so far.
Without broad stakeholder input Congress certainly can't craft an intelligent or great working piece of legislation.
Jamming things through doesn't work? How did Obamacare get passed?
Ryan:"Better Way" GOP Tax Reform blueprint used #ACA repeal to pay for 10 of 15% rate cuts "for business" off top:
46.5%1/10 of 1%
76%1%
Are you confirming Wray and rewarding trump's obstruction of justice?
Not getting tax reform input from elected Dems in Congress is tantamount to taxation without representation. Very unAmerican.
No they haven't, but you have heard how deep @SenateMajLdr is in the Russian scandal right? Just another cover up
Short answer. NO. GOP never learns.  Same bad decisions over and ever. It's always Groundhog Day in la-la land. 
Senator after all these years one would believe that you know they don't care about what you think or any other stake holder unless it's $$$
You go DiFi
Too bad the Democrats didn't do it right to begin with.... then it wouldn't hav 2 be redone! #healthcare
Which amounts to millions saved
O you mean like Obama rammed that crap down everybodys throats! Look at everything Trump done to stop some of the junk Obama pulled
and a minimum of *60* votes! 
@SenJohnMcCain is right, return to "regular order".
Tax reform is right winged phony term that makes voters think their taxes will decrease-call it what it is: tax cuts for wealthy
Because it's not "tax reform", it's tax cuts for the rich 
.@SenFeinstein The significant challenges the Nation faces can't be solved without bipartisanship, collaboration, cooperation & compromise.
There would be no better model of jamming bills through than the Democrats and their Socialist agenda!  @POTUS
You and your lying hypocritical peers sure didn't have a problem PUSHING THRU the Russia sanctions bill. HC, Tax reform need your attn
#Sanctions bill puts us at risk of WW3 More imp to #congtess to defeat @POTUS than protect Americans All r hiding lies corruption #MAGA
U jammed Obamacare
Yes, exactly.
It worked when your party rammed Obamacare up America's Ass without any public support for it.
.@SenFeinstein Haven't you learned that a rush move from failing ACA & a swift move to a fake tax reform bill will bury mid-income families?
ACA was jammed down our throat. But only dems get to do that?
Democrats forced Obamacare. For some reason this has become normal in congress.  Either of you are innocent
You and Nancy, Chuckie are just someone in the theatre yelling fire, try a little communication once U may actually getsome respect
Spare me your lies. Dems jammed Obamacare through in 2009. Harming millions of families #facts have you heard premiums up 12+% next yr in CA
No, I seriously doubt they learned anything.
They know . They just don't like the answer. The
No. 
Agree with you but they are sneaky- they have not learned squat - bet they just want Dem scapegoats. 
BE CAREFUL- do not trust them!!
It sounds as though you are fighting for .....
Still not working together.  THAT IS WHAT THE PEOPLE WANT
Pot calls kettle black.  Remember when the DEMS rammed Obummer Care down our throats. We haven't forgotten Diane! #MAGA
Proof that healthcare isn't as important to #GOP as winning. Attempt is to create urgency/panic in hopes that folks will be duped. Amateurs.
Didn't you all jam Obamacare down our throats? You are so FAKE Dianne.
You Dimms ran FAILING Obamacare through in the "dead of night".Now, you want to kill our economy, by not working on genuine tax reform.#DOA
My goodness, but you are credulous! Do you still believe in Santa Claus and the Toothfairy, too?
Obamacare?
How'd you gasbags jam through the ACA. You phony
Ten bucks says they try to do it the exact same way. 
Doubt they learned anything. Still blaming dems for their health care fiasco
Jamming bills thru is reserved only for Democrats?
My God lady, did you forget that's how you got Obama care done?!
Small minds must resort to name calling!
Um, but wait! Didn't your party do just that with "pass it before you read it" Obamacare? #hypocrite
Diane...according to Mitch O you guys aren't playing nice....when in doubt..blame it on the Dems
"Jamming" like #Obama did with #Obamacare? I remember his agitation and pissed off attitude while arm twisting.
Wait.. you remember it, like, you saw it in person? Are you a senator in disguise?
Nope. Just parroting Rush.
Always the voice of reason.
It must not happen Senator folks like yourself do not need another tax cut @SenFeinstein
I want to see Trump's tax returns first!
Democrats haven't learned that obstruction will continue to loose them votes.  So many slow learners running our state.
On @BloombergTV today: Tough questions on tx bill were not asked

(1)will deficit rise (2)what services need be cut. Incompetent interview!!
WATCHING NOW, U.S. Senate Floor
I agree but doubt they've learned. Keep fighting for us!
It seems as though they haven't learned much, except for how to hide their heads in the sand.
Oh Democrats are holier than Republicans
You mean like when you did it Healthcare just sign it read it later
That would be the sensible way to proceed.
I'm with you (voted for you) but would suggest that this needs to say "we." #EnoughTribalism
Short answer-no. Long answer-are you delusional? Oh, hell no!
Really..Dianne ? Step up to the plate and do your job !! Resistance =demised Democrats! 61% of the American people don't like the Democrats!
Jamming bills through like ACA...nuff said!!
NO. It's on tax reform until discussed AND trump hands over his tax returns!  Sounds fair
Not if you're just going to be an obstructionist. Why bother. We're doing the people's business here and you don't want to be involved
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
Agreed, but lets end it this year not next decade!  US citizens have already waited years for Democrats to just talk about it. It's time!
Dianne, you have got to be kidding....you worked for obama, the most underhanded president ever, sold ACA on a foundation of lies, stop!
You never ever have anything constructive to say.
Always with the mud slinging and hateful rhetoric.
Offer ideas, ma'am.
Maybe no new legislation until he signs the sanctions bill.
We have to pass the bill to see whats in it. Or is that only good for Dem bills?
Did you really just say that?! ACA was jammed through. Remember, "We have to pass it to know what's in it?" #termlimits
No 
Because jamming Bill's through means average  Americans have less time to find out how the Bill will screw them
I agree with u here, but hopefully u are referring to both parties
NO tax cuts for the rich & corporations they have so many loopholes they pay little tax now.
We would love that, Senator. But, the GOP isn't interested in working with us.
you should know about that...hence the ACA nightmare!
Ohrly? Obama's last bill on taxes was rammed through with an executive order.
