Fran Trumpcare puts power in the hands of the insurance companies.  Believe me they're profiteers!  Is that want you want?
We're better off repairing Obamacare working together on both sides of the aisle.  It's always worked better in the past historically
They aren't answering their phones... 
Nope i called this Morning a Bunch of COWARDS hiding in the Basement
What other "countries" are you talking about? Or, did you mean "country's success or failure?" You need a clue about some English skills.
Excellent retort. You clearly have a firm grasp on absolutely nothing.
Obamacare is anything but affordable.  The Socialists Marxist Progressive policies forces ppl to purchase high cost insurance nobody wants!
Just the fact that you mention "Marxism" reveals that you don't have the intellectual capacity to even begin to understand what's going on.
Marxism: anti capitalism, promotion of Socialism, State control over economy & people, not allowing for individual achievement.
Okay, you're parroting what you've read by Mark Levin or Mark Hendrickson or some socialist economics textbook. It doesn't mean you get it.
I haven't read any of Mr. Levin's writings but have read history & multiple sources defining Marxism and Marxist idiology. Best wishes.
When are you going to subpoena Trump Junior and Jared Kushner and stop permitting White Privilege to cloud you judgment?
Please tell us who we should call?
REPEAL
I'll summarize the BREAKING NEWS from THE GUARDIAN: Natalia Veselnitskaya is Kushner's business partner's lawyer and he DEFINITELY knew her.
Thank you!
As a Cali resident may I please ask....Why has Trump not been impeached yet?????
Yeah let's support this dead horse
What should we California voters be doing?
What some ppl aren't telling you & you won't see on mainstream media They want DJT 2 fail They care NOTHING abt you
PresidentTrump #Healthcare speech 4/4.  
Keep standing against repeal for Californians
and your party's health care plan is?? don't say Obamacare, and for the thousand time what health care plan do you have? Obamacare?  not
SUPPORT SINGLE PAYER
Thank you!!! I have made calls & going to keep calling!!
They'll vote after lunch...so call in the morning and don't stop...
I'm so sick of the lies coming from the administration. Trump, Gorca today that Obamacare was a disaster. Trumpcare is a nightmare
Obama care only worked. Because it force the poor on there
Who told you that? Poor equal No health care, ACA equal health care. What?
The aca force ppl on there, high fines pushes them on it and plus it does not work for all
I will. Please protect our interests Senator Feinstein. Please speak w/all women Senators. Seem 2 have more sense & a spine. I believe in U.
Hello my dear how are you doing.i love your speech i hope i can get to know you more better ?
We are calling, writing, protesting and being ignored by Senator Gardner!
Do you care at all that people like me have ins that's too expensive to actually use? Is it only the people who will vote for u that matter?
Grateful to be a Californian!  Fight hard!
YOU,as a senator are pressing resistance. YOUR aides are giving you false information. YOU need to represent ALL of CA. We support REPEAL!!
Vote yes!!!!repeal repeal repeal.....they passed it without one Gop vote. I hope they repeal same way....
The President only wants to win!! He paraded supposedly Ocare victims to make his point. He doesn't understand what damage this will do!!
Maybe we could start with Sacramento Democrats who are killing single payer.
Are you paid by the hour or by the mendacity?
Ya'll need to set down some firm rules about the amount of time congressmembers are given to read and analyse bills before a vote is called.
we literally don't even know what bill they're voting on. It's down to about 4 possibilities.
It's insanity!
So in 2018 no one will have insurance under the ACA. Not like that would be letting people down or anything
As a Californian YOU do not represent MY interests. CA knows that they are using Medicaid money NOT for Americans but for NON citizens!
NOT getting thru to McCain or Heller.Voicemail or busy signal!Will keep trying.Thank @SenFeinstein and @SenKamalaHarris for standing strong!
Thank you for fighting for us!
Please stand up for the American people. Keep ACA and make revisions. New health bill is evil and dangerous to many of us
Re: Jared- I keep my appts on my Ipad- they are there years later...how did Jared forget meetings?
It's difficult to repeal even harmful & costly programs with dependent constituencies. Rs don't have the political savvy to do this.
ACA is collapsing! Work together and put together a plan that actually costs less and does not lie to the American people.
It is over. The ACA is dead. Dead like all those who will die after it dies. McCain coming back to throw dirt on it as it is buried.
REPEAL!!!!!   Please do the right thing.  REPEAL
You selfish sick dems need to NOT succeed! You are not about helping Californian's or Americans! It is about your left agenda & money.
But but #ABetterDeal  what about that you said you cared about the middle class... and Obamacare will bankrupt the middle class? Was it lies
Blood will be on their hands if it is approved.
ACA is failing.  That is a given.  But go ahead and spend all your energies trying to bail out that sink ship instead of working together.
How would you make Obamacare not collapse ? Over my 79 years i've never heard an intelligent politician. Where do we find these people ?
Thank you for fighting to stop repeal or repeal/replace ACA. Keep up the good work
Don't vote4 Wray!
Thank you, Senator and @SenKamalaHarris as my reps, for your efforts to defeat this absurdity.
You lost the 2016 election with the wrong candidate. Caroline Kennedy is your girl.
Why?!  So that you can introduce us to your other abomination, single-payer?! We've had enough of u, Feinstein. Get the hell out of the way!
This is "Economic Cleansing" thousands will die! A crime against Humanity!
WHY did you approve for Christopher Wray to head the FBI when he worked for Chris Christie and billed NJ taxpayers 2 million??
Please note that Chris Wray billed NJ taxpayers for $2M Bridgegate work. Starting in 2014. Looks like a corrupt choice for FBI Director.
Thank You Senator Feinstein for all and for demanding Mr. Sessions answer some questions. Hope donald doesn't replace him with a sycophant.
call it what it is , Obamacare,  it will be repealed tomorrow or overturned by the supreme court, or die its own miserable death soon
It needs to be repealed!  Clean slate.  Come up with something that Senators and Congress would have to use themselves.  Goose, Gander axiom
Please don't pass this bill! Don't let Trump bully u all, he is acting like a New York MOB BOSS! IMPEACH HIM!
As my senator, I implore you to be brave in the face of illogical opposition to helping all Americans begin the process of fixing Obamacare.
I never get through on your phone line. But I know your voting No so it does not bug me.  If you were Repub I would be Pissed
We must stop them. Against our OWN people? How dare they put their money above our HEALTHCARE? Remove those repugnant criminals from office!
So what's your answer?
Can you stop the vote? This can not happen. There will be serious repercussions.
http://callyourrep.co !
Repeal
My insurance rates are through the moon and No one can pay for single payer Drs. Will charge 
Sorry to say mrs. Feinstein Obama care is not working?
spoke to Will in your office an hour or so ago
#ReplaceSchumer  How dare he lie about and denigrate Hillary Clinton and insult her 65 million voters? Unacceptable from alleged leader.
He is right
You're entitled  to your opinion. Too bad Schumer didn't lift his effete finger to help. Busy playing  footsie with Sanders & NY low lifes
Yeah...Stay on that sinking ship that helped U loose the WH.
Why anyone would listen to feinted is beyond me. #senile
I hope they finally get it done!!! This lunacy needs to end before we end up like Canada!
Please be prepared to have a solution to fix Obamacare
Hope you're planning on voting NO on Motion to Proceed.  They need to work in a bipartisan manner from the beginning. #NoOnTrumpcare
Repeal is the only way to fix this terrible bill
We need to stop Marxist policies like Obamacare. When the CEOs of Insurance companies make over $15 million by gov't forced customers.
REPEAL IT!!!  Please!!!
I wish congress could heavily fine the insurance companies who are dropping out of the ACA.  Then maybe the premiums would quit increasing
You're my senator. Do I call other senators? If so, which ones and what's their number?
Obamacare 27 mil, Obamacare lite 22-24 ,repeal 17 mil .meaning Obamacare a tax to middle class
I am a CA resident and want it repealed.  Quit calling yourself.
Republicans voting tomorrow...
Senators #'s here:
https://www.senate.gov/general/contact_information/senators_cfm.cfm …
You're my Senator
https://twitter.com/Rng314/status/889574952155758592 …

Look through linked thread, something to give GOP a pause perhaps
Please look at thread and ReTweet if you agree.
Hopefully Dems or legal guys can get a shot across GOP's bow

https://twitter.com/Rng314/status/889506788483137541 …
I don't stand a snowballs chance in hell with Mitch!
Thank you for being our champion!
Trying to call... with all do respect what is our leadership doing?
Mitchs line NEVER answers or lets you leave a msg. He has plenty of emails that do no good as the leader of the pack.
Please call (202) 224-3121. Then text Resist to 50409 to send fax. Our voices count. Please keep calling.
I am in Washington DC talking to @SenSchumer
Yeah, tried calling you hundreds of times to no avail.
Called your office! Thanks for fighting for all of us.
Your job is to resist and obstruct not make a better Pizza
Counting on a NO vote from you and @KamalaHarris. Keep up the fight.
Don't succeed? Nothing like failure right??
If McCain comes back to vote w/ Repubs to deny others ins, he can rot in hell! He is certainly provided w/ ins on our dime!
I made my calls again~Thank you for all you do for Americans!!!
My senators r @SenStabenow  and @SenGaryPeters Theyre voting NO on repeal.
Are they republicans?
No. Democrats.
Call anyways and have your opinion counted.
Keep fight back     Don't give up. Keep fighting
Just did.  Urged @SenJoniErnst and your judiciary pal @ChuckGrassley to vote no.  Maybe put a bug in his ear about it, @SenFeinstein?
ThankU Th UNEDUCATED Below Need 2 Quit watching #FakeNews @Foxnews EDUCATE themselves on FACTS #DEATHCARE COST More Get Less SMH @ TH FOOLS
ass

The failed ACA has repealed itself
Keep calling.
Agreed.  But if the GOP passes the repeal bill, let them suffer the consequences.   They'll own it.
Consider this my call to you. Allow Obama care to go away. It is evil what you have done.
You are my Senator along with Kamala. Thanks for all you are doing for us!
His statement today was that of a Bully. He picks on the weakest to appear strong.  He's the worst of humanity! BTW his stats are TANKING
You really need to do your job for the people, your lies are insulting to us all
Senator Feinstein Thank you for your Leadership and never giving up the fight.  America please continue to make calls.  Respectfully, Joy
Sen.Dianne Feinstein,
Vote against the ACA  repeal and fix it until a better health care systm  can be developed.  Remove the burdon of health ins from employers.
Sen Dianne you are a blessing God is in Control Trump will Humble Himself soon just Trust God I do be bleaa
Why?  It's the worst insurance ever!  Can't wait to be able to buy what I WANT!
Go buy what you want. No one is stopping you.
Done! Takes less than a minute!
I'm calling for you to retire.
#RepealObamacare
Great argument, very convincing.
You want an argument? Go to Facebook!
Why don't you want healthcare for Americans?
Senator:pls. Help us. On behalf of We the ppl.we can't loose our health care because of these bad ppl.in WH. Thank you for ur support
We voted to #RepealObamacare in November. That is #ABetterDeal for the working middle class taxpayers. Stop obstructing and get it done!
Sad when tried to reach my Senator @SenRubioPress and his line just either rings unanswered or goes to vm including DC#.
Leave a VM and keep calling
Oh I did, on all his office #'s that have vm, sent tweet, fax and email.  no worries #resist. Same for Bill Nelson as well.
And will continue to do so daily until hopefully this bill is dead
Please press Senator Rubio on why he undermined the ACA.
repeal of ACA wont happen because of Senate rules, why are not Dems offering any amendments??? floor is open....
You ARE my senator.
Thankfully....
And saved tens of thousands of lives. We need to fix what we have and not just repeal what's flawed but working for lots of people.
Will the @GOP drop their support for this awful administration. Will they still support him if he starts pardoning? #EnoughIsEnough
Give us something better than just throw more tax payer money at ACA and hope it fixes it...we are waiting
