@MaxHoberman Its just temp to beef up the vetting process not sure what the problem is, I don't let just anyone into my home..
Guessing you don't know anyone directly or with friends and family affected - it's brutal, discriminatory.
I know Max, I'm sure the process has to be revamped and improved. It's a broad stroke but what's the alternative?
Continue our thorough and intensive vetting and don't discriminate?
I'm sure we don't have all the information, maybe the vetting has to be more thorough, it is a harsh policy.
Thank you. And please don't listen to the pro-Muslim ban voices. They're not the majority. How about impeachment next?
wrong! We ARE the majority! The silent majority that voted Trump in! Wake up!!
NO. You are not the majority. Nor are you silent. I only wish you all would be
you liberals are the ones crying and making all the noise! We ARE the majority!!!! Get over it!!
THANK YOU!
If you would have supported the President the first EO would nearly be expired by now and perhaps some new vetting tools.
You've got to kidding me,  wtf is wrong with you democrats!? @POTUS trying to make our country safe, yet you dems are hell 1
Bent On Destroying America and our way of life! Look at Sweden, all over Europe & Germany..open your eye's democrats!2
outstanding! Now please make sure to include his tax returns during 3/20 hearing. #righttoknow #taxreturns
and yours!
Thank you! Proud to be a constituent in 90401.
Then I hope a bill gets passed that you all pay for whatever happens!! Since you don't listen to the people!!
Hopefully when election times rolls around for you, your seat in the Senate will be rescinded.
Woo hoo!
Thank you for pushing forward! Let's push for Independent Investigation & Russian ties (should impeach) #standindivisible
sounds completely ignorant as there is no religious ban of any kind, you should retire asap
why do you Democrats call it a muslim ban? Did you know Carter and Obama did the same thing? Where were you then? Hypocrites
Well, here's an Independent who didn't vote Dem OR Repub, calling it a Muslim ban because that's what it is.
Then why aren't all Muslims banned?
too bad they aren't I say!
So you don't believe in punishing bad guys and rewarding good guys. Got it.
nope!I'm all about AMERICA FIRST!If you are not then YOU have a problem not me
I have a prob ignoring the teachings of Jesus Christ. (And with prejudice)
U do have a problem being FOR America and Americans 1ST! Islam is a CULT!#MAGA
Go to Dearborn Michigan and stay a couple days!!!
thank you!
Dumb, real dumb! It's NOT a Muslim ban. It's bans on specific countries. Quit lying. Dang, Dianne..what have you been smoking?
How long before we can give him the boot?
won't happen! He's smart your not!
Are you aware of what is happening in Sweden,Germany,the Netherlands,France,Italy etc?Are we prepared for the same in the US?
There is nothing going on in those countries with refugees moron. It's all lies by Orange authoritarian.
keep going! Your killing your own party! Americans won't vote for democrats again!!
shame on you. Even Hillary ran on extreme vetting. Why have you become such a hypocrite. Lost my vote
we need to 1) look at the RUSSIA stuff & 2)See his TAXES. This is good too.
You are setting a poor example in gov! People like you that drive false narratives are the reason for such division? Sad 2 see
Oh you must have missed the area where it talks about Muslims in the ExO? Nope never mind I 'd the word Muslim is not there?
, stop the insanity.
Resign, same old crap from you Dems.
not s Muslim ban, terrorists ban, you nitwit.
Thank you Senator Feinstein.
With 2 billion people on the planet that want to come here shouldn't we allow in the people that most benefit our community.
anyone killed by someone coming into America then you and 36 colleagues need to be held accountable with them.
this is great senator. Please answer the phones when we call you
you're lying to American people about this. There is no ban on Muslims written anywhere in the executive order
keep up the good work #NoBanNoWall
Thank you Senator Feinstein! Keep fighting.
Thank you.
you are such a fool
Just know EVERY American will know EXACTLY who to blame. I hope your ready for what your trying to unleash on this country.
Just remember then from here on out any blood shed from your idiocy is on YOU AND YOUR FELLOW DEMOCRATS HANDS! Your sick lady!
Then if Muslims kill anyone the blood of those Americans will be on your hands!
There is no muslim ban!!! Let's just slow down until we can verify who is  really coming in. Why are you opposing that?
Thank you!
thank you!
DiFi is all for open borders, not the security of our country. Outrageous text and behavior to deflect from our security
rescind Trump.
#MuslimBan NOT a Muslim ban  Why do you get to fabricate lies that jeopardize my safety?
Thank you, from a constituent.
If O. did it, why can't Trump do it?
You don't know that MUSLIMS are the ENEMY of YOUR people ???!!!
Thank you Senator!
THANK YOU MA'AM!! NOW... #SHUTDOWNGOVT TILL #SPECIALPROSECUTOR #TRUMPRUSSIA #TRUMPRUSSIA #TRUMPRUSSIA #TrumpRussia #TRUMPRUSS
, thank you!
Go get 'em!
thank you!
good job! Keep at it Senator Di.
@OldCoastie54 get more Dems
why not 48???
Maybe you should let refugees come live with you.It's not about the religion, it's about keeping us safe from terrorists.
I can't express how impressed and grateful I am for your proactive stance on all the current administration's idiocy. Thanks!
get a mirror quick!
Good Luck!
Proud that you're my Senator!
Thank you, awesome work
How about a bill to stop elected officials from congress from enriching themselves through their families or fixing aca?
All Dems should get a life! Stop trying to ruin America!
What a waste of time. Why don't you do something productive? President Trump is doing what he was elected to do.
#Silentpoliticalcoup
Another stupid bill by the Democrats. Quit fighting and help run the country. Or resign.
it disturbed most of us that DEMS protects the criminals before Americans.DEMS agenda to destroy our Pres. is not acceptable.
Really thinking retirement is a good option for you before you go full on dementia...please take Pelosi and Warren with you!
Pres.Trump's intention is to protect the Americans.Are the Dems in bed with the Muslims?It is disturbing.
You and your dimwitted buddies know that you do not have a majority to pass this right??? So what is the point??/
What's the House/Senate bill #?
Thank you!
why not rescind his presidency -  what are you doing about that
Thank you!
thank you Senator!
@MollieKatzen Sxcellent - thank you
Thank you.
Thank you!
Thank you, Senator Feinstein. A ban by any other name is still a ban that discriminates.
Duh, our immigration law is written to discriminate. Read the law for yourself. Stop being so ignorant.
thank you senator!!
Thank You
idiot
In Shelton, Washington and in solidarity. Resist.
Thank you!
he isn't the president
You do that than Trump will do this for everyone trying to get into the country! Stupid move. Its not a Muslim ban!
thank you
you've done nothing because you KNOW it will not pass. You knew this before you even tried. Shameful grandstanding again.
As an Australian I've now worked out why I've never had a burning desire to visit America, Democrats, hypocritical loony tunes
you will be voted out , you are the enemy of this country
Feinstein...you support Islamic Sharia law? You are a traitor
He spoke mostly about extreme vetting. You & your minions are beinf petty. If something happens it's on all of you. @potus

@Wildirish216 talk about grandstanding.....that bill goes nowhere fast if ever
If they put as much effort into working with the GOP they could get so much done
14 dead, 21 injured in San Bernardino massacre. ISIS celebrating shooting. How many did you lose. Still want to rescind band?
Congressman Keith Ellison is an anti semite. Are you too?
why do you support Islamic supremacy?
@potus has complete authority on this issue!
thank you! RISE Up! #resist
Thank you, Senator!
your senility has set in. YOU lost, in minority. Your bill is toilet paper.
YOU GO, GIRL!!!!!! #ThatsWhyILoveMySenators
@pinkyfloyd1213 thank you
Open your eyes to the other countries that did not have extreme vetting. We do not want that mess here. Lets protect Americans
What is wrong with you people?  Do they have to kill someone you love before you wake up?
introduce a bill to check ur favoritism getting ur husband billion dollar contract that never happened/ how much $ u get ?
Is it really necessary to refer to Trump as "President" I mean he is completely unfit, mentally incompetent
"So called Pres"
do you & others not care about the lives of Americans. Look at Germany, France that's what you want here?
sadly not a single republican will do what's right by the American people. Proof when DEVOS was voted through.
Thank you. Keep fighting against this.
So the Christmas shooting in San Bernadino was work place violence?
.@SenFeinstein Good to know how you waste your time at our expense.
you are crazy?????
why are some Democratic senators missing??? #MuslimBan
wrong again. Not all Muslim countries &a its temporary! What's wrong with you people??
U lack common sense!! We see what's going on around the world, any harm that's comes to us, U 37 will be held accountable!! 
Thank you yet again, Senator! #resist
#resign You are a threat to National Security
Thank you. The bill should have every Senator; Democratic & Republican.
could we rescind your citizenship first...if we are rescinding things illegally
you are an old fool. Please retire, it's time.  What you propose is NOT what most of the country desires. Wake up.
Thank you!
applause from elite /globalists in search cheap software developers. It is only temp - so we can better vett the applicants !!
are you nuts  I want a safe country for my family and friends don't yoy
there will be blood on your soul if this passes. You are supposed to protect your citizens. Time for you to leave.
it's a good thing it's a travel ban and NOT #muslimban . Your ignorance about vetting says ur not 4 the USA. U SHOULD RESIGN!
thanks for standing up for Constitution & Our values.  Give us your tired, your poor, teeming masses yearning to breathe free.
not a muslium ban! Time to stop this crap and support our president Whynot? What are you afraid that he is going to find out?
Cannot imagine why people keep votng for u when ur tryng 2 destroy this cntry. Ur family will hve 2 live wth what U do too!
No not discrimination, Safety for our people who should come first, U want them as potential voter's, sick!
thank you!
your destroying America, and even democrats are waking up to it.
Enjoy your last term. We will make SURE all you obstructionists are voted out. lets have an investigation into your finances.
Go senator! Go!
Time for you relic's to resign!
Huh,14 Muslim freeloader's arrested for $16 million WELFARE FRAUD! U want more to come.U take them in to your home.
Tell me what happens if there's a Terrorist attack caused by these refugees,U gonna take the blame!
how is it a Muslim ban if Muslims from all over the world can still enter the country?
term limits. You have been in there FAR too long and it is now business for you, not public service!
emotions in others buy using a stupid hashtag muslim ban knowing good and well that it is NOT a muslim ban. YOU ARE THE REASON WE need
You care nothing about Americans and our safety, this is nothing more than a political opposition to @POTUS Trump! You feel unnecessary
You're a joke. #democrats do not care about these people. they just want their votes. AMERICANS stand with @Potus!
keep up the obstructionist behavior Senator. #senatetermlimits

It is NOT discriminatory or EVERY Muslim country would be included. Why didn't you get this way when obama halted visas from same countries?
Thank you, Senator.
thank you for working to keep America for all Americans.
Pretty pathetic when you'll sacrifice national security to out a sitting President. #hatingAmerica
democrats are American terrorist and are the enemy of the American people.
Thanks again Senator!
Thanks for nothing!
Is this merely a symbolic move as it's unlikely to pass in either chamber given the GOP reluctance to oppose party/Trump?
just look at the mess California is in. That's all you can come up with? Can you say TERM LIMITS!
thank you, Senator Feinstein #mysenator
Awesome!
time for you to go.
Why are you wasting time in the senate.
Thank You for representing California and America so well 92122
You're a Fraud. President Trump did not ban Muslims because there are other Muslims countries that are not banned.
It is not a Muslim ban. You cannot change the wording to match what you think it says. Your behavior is exactly what is wrong.
amen
How about Republican colleagues? You always brag about bi-partisan way during the campaign. How's that working out for you?
Then YOU are UNAMERICAN and ANTIAMERICAN . YOU pack up and move to mid-east! WE DO NOT WANT NO MORE REFUGEE/MUSLIMS in USA!
do SAME THING about the highly racist policies resulting in ICE sweeps in our Latino communities!
It's not a Muslim ban.  The word Muslim is not in the document. If you had read it.
she more than likely didn't but wanted just another bs reason to resist Trump. Liberals are _________!
