Democrats want to keep their slave labor.
how much more are you willing to pay for food? How little are you willing to make to pick crops?
Wasn't this an argument from 1860?
the issue here is a migrant worker visa and the food economy. Inflation and top 1% are at fault.
Do you not realize that Democrats ARE the top 1%?
many are, yes. But it really isn't an Repub vs Dem issue. Look at Trump's cabinet.
Ok. They made their money in the private sector honestly. Explain the Dems that become Millionaires by working in Congress, Zuckerberg, etc.
I can't explain Zuckerberg. It's not because he's a Democrat.
Yes!  If you like to eat, you might want to support our immigrant population!
Gotta keep that slave labor and lifetime dem voters
No one says reforms aren't needed, but our immigrant population is vital to our economy.
It is time to legally become citizens then, do it the right way. Pay them a fair wage. Pay taxes. The process is not that hard.
Agreed!
If r country wants to really work on immigration & make a difference make a bipartisan agreement to help the hard working become legal!
If only it were that simple...
Agreed!
Any #Evidence of #RussiaTrumpCollusion yet?
investigations like this take years. You can suffer through it.
I'd gladly pay more at grocery store to raise wages to American standards rather than see Dems perpetuate slave labor standards for votes
Selectively saving farmworkers lets Trump off hook at expense of other immigrants. Help them ALL or let Trump take blame for failing farms!
No problems with legal immigration and legal immigrants big problem with illegal immigrants.
If they are in the country legally then no problem.  I am sure they have a green card, Right?
Our Potus thinks Americans will flock to take these jobs.  From experience, he should know they won't.
look at you LOOK AT YOU. pretending to know what black Americans will do. The sheer racism of tryna speak for us. stop that white girl
Does it protect these two idiots?
Bs! We must stop encouraging illegal immigration which creates victims!!!
As always Democrats think illegals are citizens. All about cheap labor force to work on the #plantation
If one warrants deportation what difference does it make what work he's doing?
@POTUS needs to allow more #H2A guest worker visas “Only option out there, non-immigrants not eager to pick crops”
.better life path to a green card ONLY! Employers need to fined and pay for path to green card! NOT Citizenship
as a green card holder who came here legally if they are criminals they need to go! But if they came for a......
Apply for a work Visa?  Why must we accept crime because we need cheap labor, Why call Americans lazy
Seriously, u are knowingly breaking the law ...
Democrats have always fought to keep a cheap labor force going back to slavery.
Hey FineSine, how is that deal going, you know, the one turning Kommiefornia back into Mexicommiefornia? You running for POTUS ??
I support the farmworkers, I was unaware any were deported. Probably because none were.
Racist
How bout you do something to protect the children from the pedos running rampant in your party? Is look into that first @SenFeinstein
california trying to keep tht slave labor # !!
Amen! You tell them! If people want $15 an hour to flip a burger these people deserve a fair wage to stand all day in the sun picking crops.
If they are legal, I am all for it.
We must not protect people who broke into our country and disrespect our laws.  They need to be deported.
Give farmworkers green cards and make them pay fair taxes as well
Mrs.Feinstein what a great leading and great job you are doing.What about naming Harvey milk quarters Castro St.To represent our culture.
This one has got them scared Senator! Look at all the trolls ! Right on! Thank you for this bill!
This is an excellent bill! Fantastic AND I hope it can be generalized more to those who work hard in other jobs too!
Send all of them home. Between you and the illegals, California has become ruined.
What about house cleaners?
Hey Crook, were you elected to represent Americans or illegal aliens?  Here let me answer that. YOU WERE ELECTED TO REPRESENT AMERICANS!
You Libs are in to slavery?
b.s.. illegals and over stayed visa have to go. illegal to work. go home
We also need to chastize all employers hiring illegal workers...and if they do, help them get green cards.
You have had decades to create a worker program, you've failed!!!
I need justice! They took from me the invitation for me, from the president of United States and they used my identity to meet the president
I don't see how you can represent anything, your state is in dire straits.

The people, united, can never be defeated.

Cesar Chavez
Only if they are LEGAL immigrants...!
How can the people of California vote these assholes in to office over and over again?#draintheswamp
Thank you!
Sen Feinstein, Stop obstructing our laws!  SHAME ON YOU!  You need to RETIRE ALREADY!
Please secede
Always illegals before Americans. Your party is destroying America !!!!
Why would a legal citizen farmer get deported?
no. UN says US is easiest country in world, to immigrate into legally. 1,250,000 visas given out each year. Free to apply. No cost.
You need to quit protecting criminals people that enter this country without permission are criminals MS-13 next door to you
Gotcha we know that's code for let the riots begin. Anywhere special you want the windows broken and cars burned? #DemArmy #SwoleLeft
Will they be able to get a worker permit?
Retire Dianne ! You don't seem to under stand the law or are just looking for Democratic votes ???
 brand new fake account.
Sen. Dianne Feinstein of S.F. California, Acknowledged!
If the farm workers are here legally, why in the world would they be deported?
