Big mistake.
Impeach trump now!
Its all about federal funds. Nothing more.
Funny I don't see you going to this much trouble for American Citizens, ESPECIALLY the HOMELESS VETERANS and HOMELESS FAMILIES
Just proves how deep the conspiracy has become.   How about protecting citizens from their government, or is that too much to expect?
We can't afford to help our citizens let alone illegals! When you adopt a bunch of them you should talk
Democrats will always fight for the people.
Don't you mean American Citizens
Every single dreamer should be interviewed and examined (vetted) to see if they pass muster to stay beyond the 6 months grace period.
No!
Believe in people.  We can do this.
Dream on Frankenstein! You also had the nerve to attack a Christian ! You Ugly bitch! You will not return on the next election!!! Bitch
Simpson, Mazzoli legalized 2 mil here illegally. That was supposed to be it& gov promised to secure borders. Wasn't it. Borders not secured.
You're rich you pay for them. By the way how did you get rich ? You don't make that much.
Grifting
In the future, can anyone who sets foot on US soil stay forever?
Making DACA kids legal through exec order as was done is not constitutional as order didn't clarify law,it rewrote it. That's Congress' job.
You want new immigration law, propose it, debate it, compromise and pass something. Don't try to shame&guilt those who follow standing law.
If governments refuse to obey own fed immigration laws if they don't like them, why should any ordinary citizen follow laws they don't like?
Ok, say DACA stands (as it prob should), what then?  Say we make everyone here illegally, legal.  What then?  Are the gates open forever?
Sure, protect illegals while American can't afford the ridiculous insurance costs due to ACA. Sickening
You have a dream all right that's why we steered clear of career politicians and voted Trump in
Why not protect dreamers they don't protect americans
Protect our kids@
Havent they "dreamed" long enough of being a citizen of the US? They had plenty of time to become legal.
I saw a woman being interviewed who said she came here when she was a year old. She's in her 20's now and she was speaking Spanish!
"Dreamers" is a nice way of describing an illegal alien criminal.
We still want our wall, Immigration has been acknowledged by prior presidents as a problem. The wall will last years and get up back on trac
If you had supported impeachment of Trump, Dreamers wouldn't be in this situation.
If TX sues if DACA not rescinded , let Texas give8billion to Houston. I love Houston but hate this TX State govt.
you are betraying americans for illegals
Should that be a "patience" protection strategy  for DACA children?
End DACA.Is unconstitutional. Concentrate on our born Legal http://children.you  must work on tuition for USA born.Not illegal ones
And don't put a rosy hopeful light on trump.  He's proven who he is. If u start getting wishy washy it will not help. We're beyond that now
#NoDACA!!!! When are you going to start focusing on the needs of American citizens for once? You forgot about us huh?
That's nice. Why did you not pass comprehensive immigration reform when your party controlled Congress and the Presidency? Not a priority?
Oh give me a break! Who care what an AG in Tennessee "urges".
encouraging more illegals, inviting fraud and shielding gang members from deportation is not the answer senator.    @realDonaldTrump @POTUS




How about passing failed Obamacare, tax cuts, immigration reform, Infrastructure .... do your job Dianne or retire !
Thanks Senator.We must save DACA yes but you must help all Americans and stand up to Trump personally.He will never change.He's a narcissist
If this is so important why did  obama not take it to congress?  After saying 22 he couldn't do it himself? DACA Unconstitutional. #DEPORT
Let's Protect Real AMERICAN CITIZENS. #ENDDACA
Dreamers? Up to age 31? How were they supporting themselves before 2012?
What is our Constitution say about it.
Obama should never have been able to do this... Its legislative, so take it back where it belongs and you guys decide.
That's what the TN Secretary of State is saying.
Anyone who attack any of God's people and their rights can forget their jobs!!! We're on you!!  #Resistance
What about Kate's law....save illegals, and kill citizens. Are you serious??? You do not have the capabilities to make good decisions retire
End DACA now and stop illegal immigrants from taking valuable University admissions from our own "Dreamers"!
I have never seen you tweet anything about helping the middle class workers of this country. Just saying
Let's hope he can keep his sanity  long enough  , to protect  Dreamers
Whose "Dreamers" are you trying to protect? The illegals or our citizens? Wake up!
Read the dread  Scott  decision  , dreamers are not contraban
Your 84 years old.  For the love of Jesus.  Please retire!!!
Is there actual legislation
Yes, a bipartisan bill is referenced in Slatterly's letter.
Pathetic.  No borders, no language, no culture, really?
GOP for years played politics with Dreamers lives, knowing that Obama would bail them out. Not so much with Trump.
Stop #DACA, a main part of Antifa and violence against Americans. Bad precedent violation against rule of law, https://twitter.com/emailMrBigfoot/status/903716146787958786 …
Yes, do it!  Most Americans, including Trump voters, support Dreamers. Solve the issue once and for all.
Check out Kamala Harris's timeline, we need a fighter like THAT in our corner. Not an apologist.
He didn't do it at a tweet, Trump will never know. #sigh #maga
Act!  Stop this madness. Reassert the Constitutionally intended balance of power.
Trump is using DACA as the weekend "cliffhanger" for the media...he will kill the program simply because it has ties to Obama
What changed his mind I wonder?
Slatterly's letter was direct and clear imho.
Did not see the letter link just the hashtags. Thank you.
They had better hurry - Fox News JUST posted Trump will END DACA.
Let's not. DACA is the creature of an Obama EO. It can and should be pulled with a Trump EO. There's no proof of positive good from it.
We are out of patience, IMPEACH or PROSECUTE Trump.
Yes!! Please speak out ! Thank you so much Sen . Feinstein
Yes please! Finally some humanity in the WH
So our Senator supports unlawful acts against our Constitutio how dispictable and disgraceful. 

Read   Very   Slowly
They should all have safe passage back home where they can get on line for US citizenship.
Yeah keep dreaming Diane of all those new Democrats
@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr 

Sick of:
MS13 crime
subsidizing illegals
YOU letting them vote
YOU not standing with citizens
YOU NEED TO DECIDE
ARE YOU WITH AMERICAN CITIZENS?
Or ILLEGALS?
WHICH IS IT?
You're losing your base
What are you worried about #Trump has a big heart and he loves people?

#DefendDACA International law and civil law are on our side. We can be confident. Human Rights and Civil Rights are there.
Again that is unconstitutional.
Thank God people are speaking up! Thank you!
Even if she's a bit naive about 45 being able to, or wanting to, grow into the presidency. I think she's aware of the miscalculation, though
