He needs to be removed from office, Senator.
Yes please.
Impeachment starts in the House.

Everyone in the US: Tell your Reps to #ImpeachTrump, and your Senators to support that & to remove him.
You are brain dead go ahead and tell the reps it wont do anything theres nothing to impeach him for.
Trump has violated the Constitution since he was sworn in, by taking payments & favors from foreign governments via his businesses.
Trump is having his children & children-in-law act as advisors / assistants.  That violates federal law.
Trump is trying to deny millions of Americans healthcare by withholding payments mandated under ACA.  He makes no attempt to justify that.
Trump violated the Constitution by ordering military strikes against Syria without Congressional authorization.
Please impeach him ASAP
Impeachment starts in the House.  Tell your Rep to work to #ImpeachTrump, as well as telling Senators to support impeachment & removal.
Unless your Rep is @RepAlGreen, Rep @MaxineWaters, or Rep @BradSherman.   In that case, thank them & ask they keep working to #ImpeachTrump.
I have & do. Can't believe Trump can thank Putin & dismiss state employees. And So Much More... He should be removed immediately
U need to let him be the leader. U should step back cause for the last 8 yrs ur party did nothing.  Now u left him a mess, so don't preach.
No He needs 2 protect the country, its people and the constitution he pledged upon. Hes not obama that bribed his way around sticky things
Please tell the General that!
He needs 2 step down & let someone who's qualified 4Pres take the helm.Our most Prestigious Job w/ highest standards is now #bottomofbarrel
Kim Jong Un had to get-the-message. He did. He changed his target, he said. Then he backed down. How had you participated in "enabling" Kim?
What was you role in sending Kim Jong Un money? That is not diplomacy. He used it to further his goal: "nuke" USA.
The only reason you are not dead is "the orange clown".
I do agree Senator Feinstein
Dianne's been a Sen since '92. In '94, she lauded Bill Clinton authorizing $4 Billion to Kim Jong-Il to disarm. Now she speaks of the brink?
You are wrong.  NORKO blinked.  http://Will.you  give Trump credit?
the Democrats need to get rid of the Electoral College. Trump in office now is the time. This would pretty much cover it all.
My God, we can all see this. People are afraid. Speak to your @GOP peers and remove him before it's too late.
Many years of Democrat ideology has caused this mess, thank your buddy Clinton for giving them 4billion
NK backed off....will you give him credit...of course not, hack
Got a beef with Trump CALL him! Don ' spew divisive politics on social media
I blame Republicans for not stopping Trumps dangerous taunts.  They need to put a stop to Trump.
Stop whining.
And what steps are you and Congress taking to do this. Speak out and do something
Coming from the woman whos vote on the deal that created this tyrant. The brink was delivered by the senate. Theres nothing left to give him
Can't wait until everyone of you career politicians are removed from office. The @POTUS is doing exactly what needs to be done
What would your solution be?
NK's  response proves you wrong.  Ha Ha
I appears that you have been proved wrong.  Ha ha
Ya let's play like it didn't happen
Glad your not President
why don't you show him how by resigning as my senator!
Explain -
North Korea factories humming with 'Made in China' clothes, traders say http://reut.rs/2uS1CiM 
When are you going to impeach - you've seen a lot & you know a lot - why are you all waiting?
No, YOU are wrong- APPEASEMENT empowers the enemy- look up Neville Chamberlin - peace through strength, not timidity - timidity never works
More I think about it, the more your position irritates me - You have been in the Senate a generation - NOKO madman & arsenal on your watch

Why can't these two bellicose, pugnacious  leaders realize the effects their arrogance will have on innocent lives?
Because when you give a mouse a cookie, he will want a glass of milk - we have given NoKo nothing but cookies for years
Time for Article 25?
On what grounds? Research it first and explain it to me.
These: "President is unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office."
??? Go on.
Obongo did nothing! Your progressives set this up!
Maybe all of the way back to New York city
You, congress and US Senate need to remove republican potus
I agree.. we should let them take out SF and LA before we're certain of their intentions.  You're  a political waste of space.
And we can thank @BarackObama & @HillaryClinton for doing NOTHING
Please encourage the House to begin 25th amendment Proceedings then.
Senator Dianne Feinstein we need to get this man out of office before he gets us into World War 3
u & the unpatriotic Libs need 2 support POTUS & USA! NKorea is @ our doorstep & Violence is n the Streets! WHY? U & the hateful Dems!
Shut up Frankenstein
If 45 doesn't step back,will S omeone  give him a HUGE shove,THE LIKES OF WHICH THE WORLD HAS NEVER SEEN B4?!!!#resist #TheResistance
Thank GOD for @realDonaldTrump Finally A POTUS that will #MAGA!
god is too busy making sure musicians win lifetime achievement awards, my dear.
Return to Washington NOW Congress must steady this crisis #NorthKorea #NorthKoreaNukes #TrumpNorthKorea
Thank GOD for Trump. You don't represent America. You represent globalization. Get out of American government. TERM LIMITS FOR SURE!!!
That may or may not be the case, however his predecessors' measured diplomacy resulted in a nuclear NK.
What Congress do to stop him? His shallow talk is stirring all of this up across the world. It's sickening. America looks foolish
Make America safe again. First order of business should be to remove his power. He's iinducing panic in the American people.
Even better: convene an emergency pow-wow with senior House & Senate members to ensure bipartisan support for invoking the 25th ammendment.
So what.....  there comes a time you stop letting that little short punk try to hold peace for ransom with threats.  The bully gets his due
These phony pasifists led on to the brink by their weakness, now they need to stand down and shut up!!
Right let's step back the way your friend Obama did and let this lunatic do whatever he wants.
Take the weekend in North Korea and heal the country.
Well we think the same thing about you please retire so we can make this country better.
He needs to be impeached
But, then they would ask him about his Russia connections!  His diversion is working!
Because appeasement has worked so well....
It's YOUR rhetoric that's a problem! So start representing the American people instead of ur globalist pimps
After Obamas reign of terror, u dems can shut ur pie hole about our president! It's YOUR rhetoric that's a problem as far as I'm concerned!
We have been stepping back for 8 years. It's time to step forward and protect our country.
We will never be the same..."united" States
Diane, where is our condemnation of wimp Barry who got us 2 this place. Gut check the American people. We believe in strength, not wimp!
He needs to be impeached, he is a major threat to us all!  #impeachtrump
Please Sen. Feinstein invoke the 25th Amendment and have him removed. We're all scared of what he'll do next. Please get rid of him. #25ANow
Help Mueller out...IMPEACH HIM NOW!
Please take away his Twitter account!
You need to scream until somebody hears you! The Dems are being to nice and polite about this crazy lunatic in the WH threatening our lives.
*too
#25thAmendmentNow
Start the Impeachment process, do something constructive and start the process.
Words.. when action is called for... words...
Maybe Bill, Obama and Hillary can take care of little Kim,s needs in the Oval
Liberals continue to put their hatred of Trump ahead of national security.
Please I am begging you, help remove him from office. He is going to kill us all!!!
You and W Wilson must be related.  NOKO is not going to respond to appeasement. Retire and save us all money and stress
Diplomacy is how Kim got Nukes.
Who can right this ship? This man is terrifying and we are helpless to stop him. America needs a voice to rally around, and stop him, now.
What he needs to do is RESIGN!
His infamy is worse than that of NIXON.
Trying to instigate a nuclear conflict to deflect from #Russiagate . We can all see this. RESTRAIN this corrupt narcissistic manchild NOW.
North Korea? How about Venezuela? This has gone well into the realm of the unwell. There's something wrong with that man!
He needs to step back. Period.
You need to focus on getting rid of this freakazoid.
Chamberlain was all about appeasing Hitler. What happened then, Senator?  The only way to defeat a bully is to call his bluff. Go Mr. Trump!
And just step a little closer to the edge...all by himself, little closer
#Resistance
He needs to be removed from office. STAT
Well, we're all so worked up about Korea & Venezuela no one is talking about Russia, collusion or corruption anymore!
War is everything to traitor Dems, until Trump joins the rhetoric.
Hillary/Feinstein 2020 2024
Yuse a fool, back to the kitchen with you.
Unfortunately diplomacy is not the answer to every situation. The amount of oppression that happens in NK is sick and needs 2 b stopped.
As Mueller escalates invest., trump escalates dangerous deflections.
he needs to be removed from office. With his swamp.
This is why trump must be impeached before he can start a war.
Gag him! Take his phone away and give him a time out! The Sand Box is off limits for this toddler.
Because soft rhetoric for the past 30 yeas has been so successful in getting NK to be rational.  Wait....
He's deliberately antagonizing NK How much is a shell game? We look where he blows something up then someone backward laterals #Distractions
The free world's leader wants to make the nuclear destruction to Japan appear small & insignificant compared to his desires for NKorea!
Will congress please stop this crazed lunatic before he ushers in the apocalypse? #25thAmmendmentNow
Not capable! Mentally incompetent. Urgent Congress removes him!
Because it's too crowded with all of you traitorous liberals? Just shut up and get out of his way, he will bring US back in one piece!
He needs to be impeached. I don't know how much clearer it can be that he is unhinged.
With no consequences? Honey we tried it your way for 15 years and this is where it's lead! IDIOT
All you you do is sit there and criticize with no solutions, another words I guess we should just let Kim continue the threats of killing us
He needs to step back to the Pacific... and then step back 300 meters more.
Ah Kim is threatening to nuke the US and you are complaining about the President's defense of the US ? Please move to NK, IT'S Libtards....
Find a way to stop him!!!!
You need to start the 25th now.
@POTUS is not like you cowards..  Thank God. 
This man is dangerous, and he needs to be removed from office as soon as possible. Please do whatever you can before it's too late.
Senator, should Trump consider your statement a warning?  'Cause that'd be cool.
Of course Trump needs to step back, but will he? No!!! He pushes and bullies, and pushes some more. The man, our President, is a nut job.
Senator Feinstein, Trump is terrifying. Please step up and help get him out of the White House. PLEASE.
Do you think it's a coincidence Trump upped the rhetoric while you all in recess?Congress needs to get back to DC and take care of this mess
Impeach before he kills us all with his big mouth.
years have  not done anything except payoff NK and allowed them to proceed in this direction. So let the president do his job.
Oh? Shall he hold hands with Kim Jung Un and sing Kum ba yah? Neither you or any career senator much less any president for the past 20 ....
Please do something.
@wjcoop Diplomacy hasn't worked over the last 50 years. Your party gave them nuclear weapons. You are dillusional.
And you need to step down, retire gracefully and keep the rhetoric to yourself.
Trump is dangerously out of control. It's no longer funny. Now our lives are in danger. He needs a psyche eval.
Sen. Feinstein, is there anything we can do to stop trump?
Congress & Senate need to act and suspend Trump's ability to sign/pass any legislation STAT! And suspend any foreign travel.
can you help? Stop him by removing his ability to start nuclear holocaust? These must be some emergency law
no he does http://not.You  all had a chance over the last 26 years to get him under control. He is a threat to us
I sincerely believe that he believes he could take humanity over a cliff and somehow he will walk away unscathed.
What do you expect. He can't even answer questions on policy because HE HAS NO PLAN. It's all a CON. Not my CON MAN.
He's creating this idiocy as a distraction, who's watching his file rooms/fin docs all over the world! He'll lose all like Bush emails
Ok you handle it
This froma twit who supported obamas pink line  re: syria
He needs to recognize his infinite limitations and that he is malignant.
We need trump out before he gets millions of ppl killed. Trump is very dangerous.
Force him too, please. He needs a minder.
This has to be one of the most humiliating weeks of foreign policy and diplomacy in American history.
You need to support the president. 25 years of doing nothing is over
You need to RETIRE!
Trigger the 25th Amendment. NOW. Remove him. He is clearly incompetent to hold the office and is putting our country in grave danger.
Agreed! Who can pull him back if he doesn't listen to anyone?
We can't continue living under constant threat from north Korea
Sure! Just let them have the capability to strike the United States...great job Senator
@realDonaldTrump
Like that's going to happen!
Congress needs to step up
He needs to be removed from office. Quickly.
No ma'am  he needs to resign. Or Dems start impeachment.  Mueller will imprison.  Cmon Dems show some spunk
Rhetoric started with Obumie Bowing ! This meatheads been doing this for years now ! Where's your diplomacy been ?
We the "sane" ppl should be allowed to sue Trump for his recklessness & blatant disrespect for this country & ppl's lives in general.
Thank you.
Bring Congress together to find economic and diplomatic solutions to the N. Korean crisis. PRESSURE their ally, China!
What did 8 years of appeasement from Obama do? He got us into this mess now we need a strong leader to get us out!
#ipleadthe25th
Ya think? Please help us before it's too late! 
You are dividing this country. So sick of corrupt politicians.
You need to ACT now to remove the malignant narcissist from the WH. What's the hold up?  What are you waiting for? Emoluents? Treason? GO!
No, the senate needs to step in&lead. This is crazy. Since your tweet, he has moved on to threaten action in Venezuela. #25thAmendmentNow!!!
PLEASE BAKER ACT him before he gets us all FRIED.
He's not going to do that. Time for you to convince your esteemed colleagues across the aisle to act. Do your duty.
Or someone just push him over it.
This is Trump warning Mueller that he's willing to nuke North Korea if the Russian investigation keeps creeping closer to Trump personally.
What is Congress going to do to protect us from this man? We do NOT want our children going into war! #25thAmmendmentNow #TheResistance
No, he needs to be pulled back from the brink by responsible people. That leaves republicans out.
Also, how about Chump steps back from the WH?
But @SenFeinstein, his poll nos. are improving--why would he step back? SMH
Is it just me or shouldn't we be alarmed that we have a country threatening to nuke us.
Ya think so?
Challenge trump every minute of the day. On everything. The Office of President deserves respect. Not him. He insults everyone.
The house and senate need to remove this man from power post haste
President Obama's diplomacy worked, you think? Kim Jon-un continued nuclear tests until he got it right. Now missiles. Next?
Come into my parlour said the spider to the fly. The question is who is the spider and who is the fly?
I would invite the premiere to golf.   serious
He and Putin want war w China.
Does he realize his rhetoric is scaring many citizens?
I don't think he gives a shit honestly.
Wake up and smell the coffee!! North Korea wants us dead regardless of who's in office NK is endangering the world!   I say give em hell!
Sounds like  eerily familiar rhetoric about gulf war back in the day. Look what that did...
And is still doing.
Tea Pain 
@TeaPainUSA

If Trump wants to destroy North Korea, he should buy it and turn it into one of his casinos.
@SenFeinstein out of #Democrat talking points fanning flames of fear, look at the hysteria by followers here, you knew NK had nukes in 2013
He needs to step down, not back.
No. NK has barked for 50 years. Diplomacy got them a nuke. See Clinton. Where'd you stand on that
#MAGA
Excuse me SENATOR but weren't U part of Swamp that allowed Fat Boy to get nuke technology in the first place & did NOTHING as he ramped up?
Senator, good thing you weren't around for the "Mr. Gorbachev tear down this wall speech" you most certainly would have melted.
"Let's make a deal: Call off Mueller and I won't bomb North Korea."
What do u want to do?   Give them an airplane full of money?  That's all u Dems do.  Go away lady
Well  you. Help him because he is  Mentally ill
Trump  And Friends are not doing anything about it North Korea will definitely Kill all of us here in the USA Mainland
We will Definitely Will Die from North Korea Missiles and Bombs here in the USA Mainland
And Congress needs to push him forcefully away from the brink. When is his behavior dangerous to invoke the 25th amendment.
can't anyone stop this dangerous man!!! IMPEACH....we are scared
Honorable Senator, he needs to be leashed and pulled back by force. This has gone too far and he's too dangerous.  No more being polite!
He needs to step down altogether! #25thAmendmentNow
All yourfollowers who want to remove our POTUS, best know he has a huge following who are loyal and true to American values! He's staying!!
Neither will any of your one-sided rhetoric! Nothing you ever say makes things better! Silence is golden!
Senator Feinstein, he's needs to be removed from the WH.  Order must be restored urgently!
