They don't have to Dianne because if your Party does work with republicans the ACA will fall apart. Higher premium and higher taxes.
Repubs don't need to sabotage ACA, its a failure & is self-sabotaging.  Premiums doubled & deductibles sky high does not make it affordable
This is occurring due to poison pills put in place by the republicans.
Obamacare was going to reimburse insurance companies that did not profit because of covering pre existing conditions. Poison pill took away.
Update: 22 killed/ 59 injured at Manchester arena/ UK/ including children /suicide bomber I'd is known /can get updates at skynews
Why don't you demand a bi-partisan committee to work on it together.
MEDICARE for all. even congress...
There is nothing 2 sabotage , you knew it was bad when u signed it . Less people can afford it ,another turd in the punch bowl from obummer.
Get Real! #Obama is History and you will be soon!
The problems is the cost of services. Only way to address that is leverage through single payer. Your constituents are progressive.
Thanks for email to support adding women to Senate Comm. working on Health Care.  I appreciate the update and your support.  Keep it up!
Thank you, Senator Feinstein, for your steady hand during these difficult times.
are you brain dead  Obamacare is dead what part of dead you don't understand you political hack
The Affordable Care Act or Obama Care that uses the IRS to penalize people because they can't afford premiums!
#LiarLiar 
This obamacare is dying. Aetna is out. We blame democs
Can you tell Californians why Seth Meyers was shot? Why aren't you pushing for a special prosecutor to investigate this young man's killing?
Obamacare is anything BUT affordable! Wake up fool!
Attempting to transfer a trillion $ of public money to 1% in the guise of a sham "health care" bill.
#trumptreason
#impeachtheworm
Push for single payer or get primaried.
ACA is dead...Dems and Republicans stop fingerpointing and get this thing done.
How can you sabotage something that's dead, Dianne?
Democrats need to GET INVOLVED AND HELP!  If you stand around to watch the Country suffer, don't expect many votes in return.
we the people that work can not pay for freeloaders my insurance is 5 times the cost free for all are cost for all
hello  my insurance went from 400 dollars a month to 1700 a month yes i work so I pay for them that will not work ok
Why did Anthony Weiner have classified intel on his laptop? #Espionage
We need universal health care. Copy the plans of countries like Canada, Australia, England etc.
U sabotaged Heath Care turning into a political football & uve been shoving it down our throats. Govt Regulations take away my rights !
What if we lock the doors when he is in Saudi Arabia  and ban him from coming back to our country? 
You are suggesting treason!
Actually what I see is ObamaCare falling apart. Aetna was the last insurance company to leave the exchanges.  Next, the collapsed Obamacare.
you people need to get out of the healthcare business.
it was made to fail Dems & Obama knew. Trying to blame everyone else is a joke! This is your mess. Shame on you
THAT will give you a huge clue as to why Comey would refuse.  He does not want Trump enabling Repubs OR Dems THERE to Obstruct Muellers inv!
Right Diane.  Comey knows EXACTLY WHAT he is Doing.  There must B GOOD Reason he's Refused Judiciary Committee. Think about WHO is on it.
They must start to realize the path they are on is futile..not just futile, harmful and deadly for some!
my insurance costs 4 times after Obama care yes I work so it is not free as other's not working ok 
Who will provide HC once all insurers have left the exchanges?
Sabotaging is their plan to justify their false claim ACA is failing. It needs repair, but nowhere as bad as chump's DEATHcare!
You are a Obstructionist / Democrat you hate Law and Order and the Constitution.
We need to have bullet sheets explaining the ACA along side of bullets comparing the AHCA. The press isn't doing it - people don't see!!!
Publish on line on paper on highway boards- get it out in black and white
Do you believe everything you read, are does congress know less about it?
& you need to auit sabotaging our country
Exactly what @SpeakerRyan is doing
The ACA is the law of the land, and as such, it should be supported until it is not the law.
Doing so will not make Trumpcare work or even look any better lol
Single payer. That's the only option.
The hard job is 2 fix it GOP doesn't kno hw to formulate laws only create fear & hardship
Well screw them punishing Americans for the GOP/Trump crap. Too high and they'll put themselves out of business. We'll all be dead. #ACA
Guess what... there's nothing affordable about it.
start supporting single payer
Flashback to 2009: #WallStreet money rains on #Schumer. He got $11M. #Tatiana http://politi.co/JisDT  via #politico
Obamacare is dead Feinstein. Don't you read and hear every organization saying so? Aetna, Delta and many others drop Obamacare.
Be clear: They are sabotaging Americans.
Find a way to fund it.
My thought is take the 3.8 tax up to 6 or 7%for those that make a million or more. Leave those under a million alone.
Yes! Sen. Dianne Feinstein of S.F. California
Whoas insurance ? You may but my County doesn't.... you want to switch all set for life lady????????????????
Some more #fakenews.
#NotATrumpFanButMainStreamMediaMakingMeIdentifyAsOne
It is the Republicans fault about ACA. i'm sorry isnt this Obama's great legacy program that is collapsing and you blame republicans. WOW
Before Trump elected, CBO predicted individual marketplace would be stable if left alone. Instead, sabotage.
He has done nothing to it. so therefore he left it alone. so whats the problem. not stable when states have 1 provider and counties have non
The introduction of uncertainty has scared away insurance companies. Specifically, Trump repeatedly threatening to defund CSR payments.
@RepGusBilirakis @lisamurkowski @SenatorBurr @SenateMajLdr How evil are you anti ACA congressional people? Repeal ACA is inhumane-shame on U
we the people that work can not pay for others@SenatorBurr @SenateMajLdr
