you passed Obamacare that was a lie.didn't get to keep your doctor was not affordable middle class got screwed high premiums.Your pathetic
It's California's own damn fault.. Deport illegals, problem solved
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DJNxQO9VwAAx5jr.jpg …
Stop doing shit like this.. That might help
http://americannews.com/californias-new-sick-ordinance-1000-month-gang-members-remain-peaceful/ …
Fake. News.
Hogwash.  #GrahamCassidy will eliminate the horrible Obamacare premiums that have made healthcare unaffordable for the middle classs !!
How? This affects me & my family, so r u saying it will make premiums 4 us cheaper? even with preexisting conditions? How?

They are also taking Federal funding away from other Blue states that expanded Medicare.  Not right!  FIX/FUND the ACA!
Supporting you 100% here.  Keep fighting!
No, Middle Class Americans shouldn't be funding  Cali state sponsored illegal immigration health care.....fund it yourselves
ABSOLUTELY!! They talked of seceding the union. Be self sufficient and fund it yourselves!!!
We're counting on you! As bad as the other bills were, this is worse.
Feinstein said" california is home to 40 MILLION people. 1 out of every 8 is a citizen she said it herself!
I am sick of my taxes going to your Sanctuary Cities so illegals can have free HealthCare!! #California deserves nothing!!
Stop taking "health care funding" from the middle class and giving to others...it's appalling!!!
CA is in trouble because you and Brown need to go. You have both turned your backs on the working tax payers of this state.
Thank you for standing up for healthcare for me and my husband, two of your California constituents!
CA violates fed law on immigration. THAT IS A SERIOUS VIOLATION AGAINST THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA & THE CONSTITUTION. Traitors.
the graham/cassidy bill & the proposed "tax reform" is about punishing CA because we voted for @HillaryClinton DO NOT LET IT HAPPEN!
Maybe Cali should work on getting its citizens less dependent on the government for healthcare (i.e. get a job)
It's our tax dollars that are supposed to stay in our state. I don't recall ever seeing this on our ballet
They are my tax dollars to and I voted against Trump proudly
Did you actually vote against him? I didn't, because that vote would not get counted and I had a good candidate to vote for.
Guess you don't want to give up your unfair advantage. Like a rich guy having to pay higher tax to redistribute wealth to others.
And maybe also allow better coverage for American citizens by getting illegals off of our welfare/healthcare system
California is doing so bad people living on sidewalks in tents & air smells like urine when are you going to start caring about them ??
Thank CA innovation for your tech, biotech, farming tech, millions in federal contracts to college research there to better lives everywhere
That shit could be done anywhere in the Union.
Unfortunately it's the red states leading in "homeless dumping" rather than solving their own homeless citizens' issues. One way tickets.
Keep telling yourself that if it makes you sleep better.
California should definitely be punished... the amount of hate and vitriol flowing out of the California is affecting the U.S., the WORLD!
We know, they hate California. Jealousy makes people evil.
looking at who the recipients are, California should be punished (and reprimanded for running such a fraudulent system)
This bill is great but I hope America doesn't give the traitors in CA  anymore American $$$. U don't deserve anything except a FIRING SQUAD.
Thank you for fighting for all Calfornians...
We in turn get no HC! 
This will disrupt markets. 1/5 of economy will be destabilized. Gee, it's like Republicans are working 4 Putin, Kochs
So you would rather keep pouring millions into your illegal alien population versus taking care of out own citizens? U R Reckless,shameful..
Why do you think they want our voting records? So they can punish liberals who didn't vote for this shit show @SenFeinstein.
Yes! Please use every trick in the book to block this bill. GOP isn't afraid to use them, so you should.
Ca. should be richest state in the union. The problem is that libs spend on sanctuaries for illegals,worthless super train, entitlements etc
Your plan Obamacare is failing miserably. Just saying. Keep plan no. Keep doctor no save $2500  why would we believe anything you say
#CalExit - let the Red states and the Feds try to make it without what we send them

I'm all for helping others, even in the red states. But not at the expense of the health of millions of vulnerable Americans. #GrahamCassidy
It's a punishment and a bribe
Including my daughter. Hydrocephalus epilepsy chiari malformation,EDS type 3,ASD #preexistingconditions
Please do everything you can to stop this bill!
I thank my lucky stars u or a Dem with ur failed ideology is not addressing UN! Thank goodness Hitler Hillary wasn't elected! Obama was vile
vote it in.....
Similar to how CA takes more and more from citizens to support illegal immigrants in CA.  Interesting.
You're appalling!
Still don't get it do you?
Medicaid and the ACA are badly broken. And Sancutary state? What about obeying the law? Isn't that important?
Not true! Repeal Ocare if you care about America!
California needs to KEEP all it's tax $$$$..  It's FAR MORE then what you get back!! Washington and Oregon will join you!!!
We'll start our OWN WESTCOAST healthcare plan!!! 

Let them fund theirs.. 

Meanwhile 700 BILLION to DEFENSE?!? To WARS..  

F-THEM!!
Again, your split-tongue betrays you...!
Personally I think it's time for California to stop supporting all these states that bleed money.  Let's cut off our contribution to them.
Why not. CA presently getting more than their fair share. How come you're not complaining about that?
Illinois as well?
He's rewarding states who refused money that had been offered for Medicaid expansion. Makes no sense!
Do not vote yes on healthcare...they are really heartless and greedy to even try this crap again !!
Oh, @CAGOP @GOP sounds like you got turn it red again
Maybe California should stop the ridiculous thinking they are their own country... the Democrats have ruined California!!
Is that kinda what y'all wanna do? Lol.
How figuring out a way to cheat like hey do.
Suggest the residents of California start relocating to red states then... 

...and change their party allegiance.
California supports deadbeat Red States.
I'm so tired of paying for Red states. Let them male their own money instead of being on the blue state dole
Waa
We carry this nation out here in CA. Yet most of us scrape by paycheck to paycheck. We don't all work at Google. This bill is bullshit!
Yeah... Cal. Is already being punished enough by the likes of YOU!!
I am born and raised 5th generation CA and dems have screwed this state so bad I actually don't think CA deserves health funding. #MAGA
Leave if u don't like it I am positive they won't miss u
You passed a Sanctuary State Bill that gives illegals 75 Millions dollars you kidding me! We don't support illegals
Find another way to pay for healthcare for illegal aliens.
Just raise taxes in cali to make up the difference.
California should have single payer. Support that.
Stop GrahamCassidy Death March
"California is home to 40 million people, 1 in 8 are Americans....."
LET THOSE FUCKING RED STATES STAND ALONE.
At 85 years old...The only thing appalling is your predictable hate! Time to retire! Voters counting the days for 2018 elections!
Thank you Senator!! Keep up the fight.
#GrahamCasiddy is ALL ABOUT PETTINESS, these shriveled subhumans are cretinous & without redeeming morals
Except call for Single Payer.
California should be punished.
Senator you and your party will NEVER AGAIN be in charged u political hacks ruined our healthcare system time 4 u to retire
Well...Fng fight back!!!
She does, what you do? Did you call?
Every day
Great, thx
Don't thank me. This is the long haul
You are missing the word 'very'. This is a very long haul with the inhuman, money hungry GOP Senators.
NJ also suffers....
You are a LIAR. You want to stick with failing Obamacare that will eventually bankrupt every state in US, including CA, and no health care
If that GRAHAM-Cassidy passes, California must stop our money from going to red states. #NoOnGraham/Cassidy Trumpcare
Unacceptable. Vote No
Isn't it interesting that Republicans @GOP complain the most about gov, take the most from the fed gov, and do the least for their citizens?
"Looking for love aka money in all the wrong places..."
Please stand strong and resist this newest form of Trumpcare! We're behind you!
Good.. Aren't you for illegals over citizens?  I hope you sink.
We need those billions for #highspeedrail not wasting them on #GrahamCassidy healthcare for the little people.
Kudos to Sen Feinstein & those standing up for the rampant corruption in Washington!
What did obama do? Took from red states and gave to calif we sqandered the money and now you care where were you during the spending sphree
CALEXIT
You are my senator and I approve this message.
The entire bill is appalling & an attempt to harm/kill women, children, elderly, poor, disabled & vets.
YOU MUST BE TOTALLY OUT OF  YOUR MIND!'I AM A DEMOCRAT AND WHAT TRUMP SAID TODAY IS DEAD CENTER AT THE UN!!
no one who votes for this bill should ever be able to label themselves "pro-life"
If we're talking about assigning general(not h-care) punitive measures,California deserves it on principal alone.Berkeley,Sanctuary State...
Californians will be fine. We will have single payer one day soon. Good luck with your premiums when they repeal ACA.
Screw California and everything they stand for,secede already and become your own Nation like you say.DACA will save your state,LOL
Republican bill to # Repeal and Replace is both a sickness and a mania.
How dare you put down president Trump's UN speech. It's because of spineless politicians like u & Obama that have us the target of bullies.
You are part of the reason Cali is a mess.  You are corrupt along with Pelosi,  Brown and waters.
California is 6th largest economy in world. Nice try though.
You're right, it's a mess, don't come. Ever.
ACA is gov extortion! I'm a constituent who can't understand how you ever supported #ACA in the first place! GC is an improvement!
California will be able to pass single payer for its citizens & be the envy of the world & solve all health care problems.
pass the bill!
Its apalling what you and Gov Brown do to Calif taxpayers, sucking up to.illegal criminals, declaring our State a sanctuary. Disgraceful
..they had ARRESTED someone who isn't even a citizen, so we can get that ARRESTED criminal out of OUR country, I might feel differently../3
..of criminals. I actually wish NONE of my money had to go to this stupid state! If they were willing to make a phone call to let ICE know/2
Thank you SenFeinstein for standing up for us Californians
Well, knowing that the majority of CA funds from Govt goes to ppl who are not even US citizens, and CA wont even work with ICE to rid US../1
And yet you're ok with politicians making Cali a sanctuary state?
Why should citizens be punished from political hacks stupidity 
Probably true, but maybe not the best argument to build opposition outside of California?
You R spending the money on illegals, not citizens. We should be punished, and libs should be voted out before CA becomes 3rd World  hole.
California sanctuary status makes this state the most dangerous for tourism only behind city of Chicago. Time to retire
Dare you to truthfully publish tax dollars per resident ( including illegals) in California compared to any plains state.  Sanctuary also
Can you tell me why it's going to California in the first place? Is it their fair portion? Is it an adjustment to all the sanctuary funding?
California is the biggest source of tax revenue for the United States.  California already subsidizes red states
Doesn't answer my question?
Well ask a real one then. Wtf is sanctuary funding?
No States citizens should be punished. We are all citizens of United States unless....
2/Thr bill which I do not support bc of This-retains 99%of Ocare. It's http://anti-Const.2FED.Tax &thn claim2re-distrib.2states!ThtNTfederalism!
Cause we deserve it. To the Victors go the Spoils
#FakeNews. Take care of your own state. Power should be in the hands of states, not a big corrupt fed gov. Look what u crooks did to the VA
Baloney!  Very old demented political hack. Middle America sees all our tax money going to California now. Dare you to compare tax moneys
That is a LIE&propaganda.
It's right out of the Devil's playbook. Make ppl fight for resources. The most vulnerable always lose... the elderly, sick & children.
Taking care of all those illegals, cradle to grave, is expensive, huh?
#NotMyProblem #CryMeARiver
#GrahamCassidy
We do not need slamblastic bullcrapp opinions  in regards about TRUMP that what america is made of
How about you stop funding illegal aliens? Why should US citizens tax dollars go where we KNOW you give $$ & benefits to non citizens?
You like taking federal tax dollars any giving it to immigrants instead of taking care of US citizens. Disgusting!!!
I think it's great!
Yes the dirty rats will. I live in McCarthy land and can't stand him.
If this garbage passes, blue states need to declare political war.
Bwahahahahaha
How many of the 40mil are illegals? 10mil? They deserve nothing.
25% of Californians are undocumented immigrants? Lol shut up nerd
That's what your state assembly gets for preventing a vote on a Single Payer bill. Also start supporting single payer!
CA doesn't want to follow any rules. They think they can make the rules for everybody else.
Your appalling California's become the state of Robin Hood taking from the working people to buy votes for Dems
Hey @SenateMajLdr , your state is a NETtaker. Why does CA., Tx, NV., OR., WA. (All net givers) have to support your state, a NETtaker?
Take a walk down Market St. Dianne Feinstein.  We NEED you to SEE what it's really like.
She knows but doesn't care
You don’t know that yet…why would you mislead?  Ca will like it.  They want single payer and this would help pay for it.
If California stops paying for illegal aliens, we could afford healthcare for our own citizens.  Dems don't see or do the obvious.
@SenateDems Dianne dear, dear Dianne, the United States shouldn't be punished because we were dumb enough to allow California in the Union.
Lol then just go ahead and give California all its tax dollars back and see how the rest of the country gets along.
Deal!  Wait one, let's just pray the San Andreas Fault fixes it for us!  
CA should be punished for harboring millions of criminal illegal aliens. Send them back over the border!
Wait a minute Diane... is this the same state who is voting to be a sanctuary state and even leave the USA? Can't have it both ways
GIVE ME A BREAK, Dianne! O-Care is going to bankrupt this nation. But, of course, you have NO problem w/$ going from other states INTO CA.
Except that doesn't really happen
Absolutely deplorable.
they could have taken the Medicaid increases  but instead  take from CA, MA, and NY. How absurd. Stupid. Unfair. Unethical. Losers. Sad.

It was never open this time. They didnt support Trump.
Thank you Senator! Please keep up the fight!
Fight.? With somebody else"s money?
This would be a great opportunity for your Governor to highlight successful progressive policy and there true impact
SUPPORT YOUR GOVERNOR!
You would just give it to illegals.  So weak you cannot even vote for Kate's Law.
Rage at the trump,machine
This apparently didn't make it to the @GOP talking points! They say everything but this, most of their States refused ACA Medicaid expansion
@SenJohnMcCain 

THIS is what you support??
Get big government OUT of my healthcare!!  NO BIG GOVERNMENT
Damned shitty
California is a disgrace to the rest of the country and shouldn't receive a dime. It is now a criminal state.
Kick their ass Senator!
You post more on Twitter than the President.

We know these organizations can be politicized.
REPEAL OBAMACARE OUR VOTES COUNT
CA could quit inviting and harboring illegal aliens. Then we'd be just fine.

Is this even legal?
If anybody should be punished it's CA.  The state legislature poses a threat to the entire republic.
Jesus FCKING Christ No1 Shld b Punished 4 Helpin Ppl n States tht didnt get Rewarded FCK THT @GOP gives us #DEATHCARE but Exempt themselves
Your therapist finds out you've been posting this crap again you'll be back on Thorazine.
