At best, the most indefensible since 2010. Does "if you like your doctor...." ring a bell?
She's talking about process. Try to keep up.

Glad you like US News and World Report.  Here's what they're saying now; it's a lot less kind.
Actually, since they left Burlington College off of its Top University list, I stopped paying attention.
Its the most irresponsible bill ever by the corrupt @GOP Congress, hurts the poor, elderly and many of their own voters.
They don't care. Gotta keep the donor class happy. Not to mention keeping themselves millionaires.
They are all corrupt
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP
#vote no!
Thank you Senator for your opposition to both the bill & the process.
This ship is going down with him at the helm.  It's beyond terrifying. We need a doctor to check him out. Im@serious.
YOU need a doctor to check YOU out!
Be kind!
...this is why I say..."YOU need a doctor"!  And I AM being k I nd!
Be kind
Thought about it & u r right. I get so upset over all of the hate & fear mongering, that a side of me comes out I don't like much.  Sorry.
We both come from the same place. Different views. I get so scared of history repeating himself.
Why can't we all work toward one 'goal' together rather than making it all about your hate about one man? ...
I agree! Keep fighting for the people! I saw Trumps latest tactic to sway votes to pull the heartstrings with children behind him today.
And your vote on Obama care was?.....
24 years. Government should be a service not a career to get rich
I've been a pedio surgeon in the northeast u. s. Where 249 of 269 such are located since 1922 ,honestly your universal health makes no sense
As Ob/gyn in California for 30 years it makes perfect sense to me.
An infrastructure of supportive medicine necessary, procedures, life saving solutions of course, distinguishing the difference, 1922 -2017()
Thank you senator.   And i don't even use A.C.A.   
 Living without that security is cruel and inhuman.  Who'd wish that on someone?
Have you forgotten that ObamaCare was pushed through using reconciliation?
Thank you, Sen, you give millions of us hope that we will not be sacrificed on the altar of political jockeying for power!
Please, Sen Feinstein, all women Senators that voted "no" MUST stand TOGETHER against The Big Bully and LOUDLY COMPLAIN DISCRIMINATION!!!
What discrimination? Hint: we are in the 21st century not the 19th.
No your wrong. The passage of the ACA was the most indefensible process of a bill in our history.
Your vote for Wray is a vote against the rule of law.
But....  But...... the ACA exists because Dems voted it into law and 100% exempted themselves!
Tell us when you stop playing games and start to notice bribery and treason
Dem voters stayed home as GOP gerrymandered it's way to control both houses and 2/3 of state legislatures. This is the result
They didn't stay home. They stood as who they are and people saw right thru the bull
Call McCain and tell him that.
Trump the bully.
I hate to say it, but screwing healthcare is the kiss of doom for Trump and friends. His followers will be affected negatively. Wake up call
#MAGA 
Thank you Ma'am. Please continue.
What honor do GOP Senators have if a war hero can lie? McCain came, he saw, and he lied. ACA included GOP amendments, so sad.
My life hangs in the balance...I know it doesn't mean much to others--but my friends, family and children CARE.
McConnel & Senate has voted consistent with what Trump and 12% of America desired. Reps have denied 32 mil + or - HC and consider it good.
The 88% who The Congress spat in our faces today need to find employment elsewhere beginning in 2018 & be replaced by non-corrupt reps.
Too little too late the 45th administration is a total failure in Democracy and in the American way of life
We are a CONSTITUTIONAL REPUBLIC not a democracy read you constitution
is that the document that includes phrase "we the people" ?
While I agree with u, @ an airport in PR u said to my mom when she didn't recognize u right away "oh she's from our flyover states."
My mom happens to be a strong democrat. This encounter is why the democrats are losing. You need to work harder to fix our party!
Then do something about it besides whine
Unfollowed
Remember your gang pass it and read it later your gang is disgusting
You voted for Obamacare!!!! Stop being a hypocrite!!!!! My god!!!!
Shame falls on @SenJohnMcCain  His legacy will be tainted.....
They will top themselves when they take support from the disabled and food from the hungry. Ds need 2 fight more than ever before. #Resist
I'm in Alabama whose senators are deplorable. Please be a Senator for me. I need someone to stand for me. Thank you.
I love your blunt talk Senator and appreciate all the work u do for ppl of USA! I'm sure it is a stressful place to be someone cares/ppl
Get up and get something done to stop this
WITH THE EXCEPTION OF THE ENDORSEMENT OF THE OBAMACARE WHICH IS KILLING OUR NATION!  NO SINGLE PAY    E  V  E  R!
How about the vote on the #ACA on Christmas Eve?
Thank you & Senator @KamalaHarris for fighting for us!
Thank you for voting no Senator
We non longer live in a republic of rule and process. Authoritarian one party evil hate rules the nation
Seriously?When did you start studying history, yesterday?We are righting this ship toward a republic again. You don't even know what one is
Filibuster anyone?
Stop the gridlock, no Kumbaya. Stop this sh*t storm! Get national healthcare that actually treats all medical problems.
No party lines, NOW!
The women of the Senate are the only ones with Balls to Vote NO! Shame on GOP! NEVER TRUMP! We must take back D.C. IN 2018-2020!
Where were you 7 years ago? That was one long nap!
We want public option/single payer health care!
Shame on the GOP!  This is just disgraceful.  I will do all in my power to vote out our Senator, Gardner.
Maybe after 24 yrs you should get out!!!!!!!

I stand in unity with you Senator Feinstein!
As if your Republican colleagues care.
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP  do you think you will like this process after this disaster of POTUS cases reversal of majority in Govt. Methinks not.
Like Russian central planning
pogrom more suffering 2 people
grant privileges 2insurance oligarchsbig pharmamed equip importers1%ers
Thank you for fighting for the people. We appreciate all that you are doing.
Please stop them for all of us, Dianne.  From Robert Markovic in 90004 representing 5 adults
Feinstein is really showing who she works 4. & it ain't the working class. a pile of BS #neeratanden is slopping.
Fight, Diann, fight!
Whoever vote for the GOP Deathcare will be accessory to Trump's murderous crime against humanity!!!
Thank you for fighting to keep healthcare for all.
No kidding.
Amen to that. How do these clown
No get elected?
DO SOMETHING !!  YOUR NOT DOING ENOUGH!
Then support the most defensible program, #SinglePayer. Don't worry I'm used to you disappointing me.
I was waiting for somebody to say this!
I hope @SenJohnMcCain will realize how lucky he's been to have life-long healthcare provided by the gov't and have mercy on the rest of us.


Oh come on now, you really only need to go back about seven years
Make no mistake Big Gov has no busness in healthcare.
Made this spreadsheet w/ local office #s of house/senate to use if D.C. voicemail or lines are busy. CALL LOCAL!!!
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1aNTEvz2N5il81uN5O18zEkvYVWAo9O-ObSS6akdBRuI/pubhtml# …
What happened to debate & discuss? New world order of  conveyor belt  legislative bills. Ugh.
Need to debate so we can know what's in it.
if @GOP proceeds with it, I hope Dems are prepared to ram through Medicare for all when back in power.
You're referring to Obamacare, right...?
#GOPDONTGIVEAF0CK #GOPHATESICKPOOR #GOPHATESVETS #GOPPAIDOFF #BigPharmaBucks #SELLINGUSOUT #SCRUPLES4RUBLES
NO, you Liberal, ANTI-American, Un-Constitutional Demons have shoved your globalist freedloading agendas down Americans throats 4 that long!
Keep fighting the fight for us!
Agreed they need to bury this beast it dead!!
Will you stop agreeing to "unanimous consent" on almost any matter, if this process goes forward?


I'll summarize the BREAKING NEWS from THE GUARDIAN: Natalia Veselnitskaya is Kushner's business partner's lawyer and he DEFINITELY knew her.
The recklessness boggles the mind. No is the stand-up vote.
My encouragement to GOP Senators :
Why would any senator vote on something they haven't had time to review??? We need to act faster while there's still a country to save.
Stand up and do something.  Encourage your party to do the same!  http://HE.MUST.BE .STOPPED!
This vote has nothing to do with healthcare. It's all about rejecting the current plan because the former president was a black person.

God, help the sick and the poor
 Because Trump  and GOP is trying to kill us off
You know the ONLY reason they are taking away the ACA is because Obama did it. It is being done out of HATE for
Obama. To hell with the 
Wow.  Just wow.
As a healthcare provider I'm very afraid for my job and all the other provder jobs. Think trump will get me a mining job?
Think Feinstein gives a damn? Bwaahaahaa
Have they let any republicans actually read the bill yet?
What do you expect from the GANG OF PUTIN? (GOP)
No, that was OCare! Lies after lies! You're still doing it! Will you ever learn?
Senator, we ask that you and all the other opponents of repeal do anything and everything to stop it. Peoples' lives are on the line.
I'm a constituent in Napa. This is the most irresponsible policy making for American's health I have ever seen. Here's your req from me. NO!
Yes, because "process" is what voters really really care about.
It's time for Democrats to take over the Senate floor and not relinquish it until republicans give in. REVOLUTION!!!
Obamacare is hurting these people—and Congress is doing nothing about it https://finance.yahoo.com/news/obamacare-hurting-people-congress-nothing-190245971.html?soc_src=social-sh&soc_trk=tw … via @YahooFinance
if the bill moves to the floor, submit an amendment making Obama’s birthday a Federal holiday. That’ll stop it
@SenJohnMcCain Today, cinch your legacy- Say "No" to Mitch Mcconnell & this pathetic excuse for a president. Today is your finest hour, sir
Appeal to @SenJohnMcCain
Then please stop messing around and urge your house counterparts to impeach him. Publicly. Repeatedly. Without dissembling.
Unfortunately, she's in the minority. The republi-can't must start process. Like that's gonna happen. Gotta get them outta dumpsters a$$
These are separate issues, imo. The republicans do need to start acting. The democrats also need to be leaders in their conduct.
Thank you

Your drinking the #Koolaid!!! @SenFeinstein!  Your going to effect real people!!! Not just numbers on paper!! #KillTheBill
Dianne Feinstein is the enemy of the American people. Keep your mouth shut 
They'll do it and it means maggots will feast on the carcass of the GOP in 2018
Other people still are working while you are not doing anything but playing get Trump out the white house.
EASY LINK TO CLICK AND TWEET SENATORS ON THE FENCE #VoteNoTrumpcare
TELL SENATORS TO #VoteNoBCRA 

 https://www.trumpcaretoolkit.org/ 
and your party's health care plan is?? don't say Obamacare, and for the thousand time what health care plan do you have? Obamacare?  not
Thank you Senator!
Thank you!
Allowing Kushner to lie bh closed doors not under oath is indefensible
He WAS under oath!  Why do you people spread these lies!?!
Marco Rubio we are watching you

Other than Susan Collins, any potential hold outs?  As the parent of a disabled child, I have taken a deep breath since November. I'm scared
Anyone who votes yes should look into the eyes of the families impacted
watching how my #senators #vote today@SenSherrodBrown @senrobportman  @realDonaldTrump #myvotematters
is it true Ms. Feinstein that senators do not pay for their health care? Seems unfair ...
Its also a DEATH SENTENCE FOR ALL!
Can you do us a solid and support #MedicareForAll #singlepayer
Indefensible..Really?! You're really lame, Feinstein! Did you forget how Obamcare was passed?! Where was your mass hysteria then, you twit!
Thank you for voting no!
Call john mc Cain!!
What do you think the Giants should do in offseason?
Charity work for the homeless.
I was hoping a new left fielder
Oh hahaha nevermind. I don't follow sports I just thought I'd give them a suggestion for community service. Good luck with that left fielder
A wealthcare and death panel bill - plain and simple
Will @SenJohnMcCain vote yes?  Will he really fly to DC to take HC, Medicaid away frm ppl, hospitals, clinics that depend upon it 24/7.
2010 we have to pass it to see what's in it! That's it
Umm how about when u voted for Obamacare? ???
@ginaholt15 Why do they want to destroy us? Why is @HOP hellbent on trashing America?
We must stop.this insanity.  Thank you for caring.
I agree but in reality it's not so different from how Obama care was passed, vote for it, then read was an infamous quote.
This is terrifying. This is taking its tole on Americans. There's no security, no domestic tranquility because of Koch/gop/Trump.
Why the F did you confirm Trump's FBI choice?!?!?
@SenJohnMcCain - keep this in mind as you enjoy the benefit of healthcare that the people are paying to save your life!
Protect us!
Save us from the gop!
Protect our health care, public lands, air, water, freedom of speech, & the press!
It will in effect be the death panels the GOP always warned about. Bunch of hypocrites.
Christopher Wray must be made to understand his role as FBI director ' not a WH staffer!
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP Don't fall for DT testing of the party! No on Vote! He couldn't care less except about HIS WIN!
Exaggerate much homie?
You know DT is not well and erratic. @SenateGOP @HouseGOP  A No Vote !
Pull your weight for a NO VOTE!
You must have missed obamacare. Having short term memory issues?
Did you have something to do with Jared testifying in closed session and not under oath?
but I just wanted to keep my doctor as promised. Now you want me to again believe what you are saying?
You talk big game for someone who opposes single payer
Agreed!  This is not a healthcare bill.  There's nothing caring about it.  It's a tax cut for the rich, plain and simple.
Why haven't you stopped it? The Gorsuch Koch judge wasn't enough evidence that Mitch doesn't care about senate? Or democracy? Or us
You told people Obamacare would have to be passed in order to know what's in it. Keep Your Dr, shell game to get it passed. Ded's are Huge!
Sorry Nancy, my response is for the Senator, not you.
Wow! Even these nuns say this bill is NOT PRO LIFE.
Trump has no problem murdering Americans
And Obamacare was just such a great deal? How soon we forget.
Do no vote yes
Most Californians agree with you. Thanks! Please use your influence on your Republican friends
Yes!!!!!!!
SDFeinstn,U&ur colleagues need 2 make more of a stink&use tht power of influence 2 ensure Health Care is nt passd.We r out here bt u knw ppl
No that was when you voted for the disaster called Obamacare.
AFTER AUGUST RECESS GET 20  DEMS AND 20 GOP  TO WORK ON A HEALTHCARE BILL! THIS WAY WE CAN WORK ON MANY ISSUES TOGETHER! IN A BIPARTISANWay
And it does not speak to what our country is founded on. The Constitution will out live this boob!
I am trying to send you a fax but cannot get through.
I am sick and tired of "that's the way Trump does things, or, well he's new to politics." Well it doesn't make it right or lawful!!
Please fight hard against that terrible anti-healthcare bill! You too @KamalaHarris
Make no mistake, a 'yes' vote on Obama care is an endorsement of the most indefensible process on a major bill I’ve seen.
Namaste
This is all about giving Trump a victory! Let's do things for the people of the country; not to save Presidential Face!
You mistyped 7 years.......
Thank you Senator for putting your voice to our concerns.
Good! Thank you! Vote NO on repeal and replace
