Beautiful outfit!!!!
Thank you, Frankie. On her way to big brother's college graduation. We had to nix the tiara she wanted to wear.
Oh I have to know she was upset! ! Lol! That's precious! !!!
She was dubbed Princess Chloe by Mary Queen of Scots at a Renaissance Fair and has kept it up for years! She is a joy, a stinker, a twin.
She is perfect!!!! I think she knows!!!! You are doing an awesome job love! !!!!
How can anyone support taking health care from disable children to cut taxes for billionaires? #HealthCareMatters vote no #BCRA
@IBMSPSS I need to run a t-test of the variance in two pops which student edition should I rent?
It's in the Republican Bible.
Oh hai @SenFeinstein 
Can you tell us when your next big pharma fundraiser will be after you diss single payer?
Truly - what is wrong with the GOP?
When they blink they see dollar signs, like Scrooge McDuck.
It's sickening.
Why would anyone be surprised that the #MAGA crowd favors tax cuts for the rich over kids with disabilities?They love white perfect people.
White, perfect, rich, straight men. This bill really hits poor and women
Wasn't that the plan all along?
@realDonaldTrump also promised to do something about the opioid epidemic, but the @SenateGOP made cuts to those programs. #NoTrumpcare
Well Jared should have middle east peace knocked out by like next week, then he can get on the opioid crisis. #GrifterInChief
Or to prison, which ever comes first.
Should be called Repug;s Holocaust Healthcare Plan!Allows poor &sick &elderly to die off!Hitler killed with gas!Repugs kill without healthC!
You don't understand it Senator because you have a like most of us. #HealthcareBill
Dianne Feinstein faces down boos at San Francisco town hall http://www.latimes.com/politics/essential/la-pol-ca-essential-politics-updates-dianne-feinstein-faces-down-boos-at-san-1492465132-htmlstory.html … after stating she does NOT support #SinglePayer
My son is one of those disabled children.  Please fight for him.
I just posted a pic of my DS g-daughter. Put a face on this horror. Make them see the children they deny. Or not. But I did, for her.
How can anyone support taking health care from anyone? We need to pass single payer now! #AHCAKills #SinglePayer
It's down right discusting.
Why is a tax cut for the wealthiest in a bill on Healthcare? My reps can't answer that. Bring it on the floor. Unexcusable abuse of power.
I wondered the same issue
muted that Trumptard ^
Trumptard? Check my Twitter and then tell me if Im a Trumptard ;)
He's correct David. We need single payer, something Feibstein doesn't support. She's a big pharma shill
Hahahaha he blocked me :)
I don't know, why don't you ask your friends and colleagues?
We are our ting on the Senate to stop this
That's the problem with you politicians, healthcare and tax cuts should not even be in the same conversation!!!
Grown folks may be talking but not a lot of adult intelligence is being used!!!
Must take a lot of sleeping pills to allow them to sleep at night. I can't believe any one would be that heartless.
Actually. they are not human, and therefore don't  require sleep
Isn't your husband in the defense industry and haven't you feathered your own nest by voting for war that kills defenseless children?
Easy answer. Money and power. Plus a staggering degree of moral bankruptcy.
Heartless soulless people
Murder in cold blood groupies, all lobotomized & watch, they will get dumped when they turn into a liability. No heart only bottom line.
How? Follow the money!  Who contributes the most to @ senMajLdr
Nothing logical (except by "more more more" principle: benefits those already very wealthy) & inhumane. Just an ugly wealth-shifting bill.
Ask @Rendon63rd
The average American doesn't understand built-in tax cuts in this bill.  They need exact explanations in 4th-grade language to understand!

Emailing my Representative, Sen. Diane Feinstein @SenFeinstein on Violence, Resistance, Healthcare, Tax Reform, & My Vote in 2018. 
Dear Senator, what are you and the rest doing to form a strong party organization to combat the right. The current DNC is weak & ineffective
Trump: "Everybody's got to be covered.… I am going to take care of everybody...much better than they're taken care of now." 
Remember that?
Insurance executives and lobbyists are in on this too, it's all about greed. They didn't want ACA to begin with & d/n support #Obama admin.
I have an idea! Let's try Medicare for all. Do you support it yet? #MedicareForAll
Death to the people says Trump!
Thank you sen Feinstein for all your amazing efforts you are our voice in Washington we love  you in ca
Yea because that's what they are doing.  Only Lib sheep believe this nonsense
Kick your senate majority leader out of office.  He is even more heartless than Trump.  Our country is going to the dumps w/those 2
#adca
#AmericanDeathCareAct #ADCA #AHCAKills
That is the problem in the USA. The 1% take it from the 99%.
BRAVO BRAVO BRAVO There's the message you and the Democrats need to get out.
Only evil people could do this!
Trump's people have no problem, not all, but most of them. Doctors said that Price was more politician than physician. I agree!
Wrong. Well not really but when that happens they will blame the DEMS.
Sadly, the #GOP has become a party of wimps, cowards and selfish individuals who put party over the people of this great nation. #UniteBlue
Keep up the pressure, Senator! Don't let up!!
Exactly! And most of the GOP call themselves Christians! That's NOT what Jesus would do!
And don't forget new benefits for insurers: fewer requirements; more tax breaks
It's EASY when U R heartless & Souless & IMMORAL as #Republican's have NOW become! Make $1/2mil from Ins Indust 2 SLEEP at night!
@SenateMajLdr who recieved government provided treatment at the Warm Springs Institute that saved him from polio.  ADVANCED HYPOCRISY HUH?
Mitch McConnell and his gang are not human beings. He is also in the 'closet' such a dislikable creep!
How can anyone in a position of importance such as Dianne Feinstein say that any proposed health plan would eliminates disabled children.
This is such a sad time for America. Thank you for your support. Keep investigating DT....we need the truth ! We are terrified of what else?
Where on this doll did Loretta Lynch touch you DiFi? Did she take away their healthcare?
Thank you!
Keep fighting! We are counting on you to fight for those of us who can't. The American ppl deserve better than the murderous GOP's kill bill
Deplorables
What pisses me off is that i pay for some jack ass on disability to sit around and whine about his life when he doesnt have to work.
I'm amazed at those who buy this dribble
And the elderly...taking HC from ppl who may have no one seriously unbelievable
Rendkívül aljas ember az ien aki beteg embereken nem akar segíteni és eközben a fél világot segíti Amerika ezt nem lehet megerteni
One could ask you the same question.
How could anyone support you
Because some wealthy never have enough to satify whatever is driving their consumption- filling up the empty places in their . Need More 
You are absolutely correct
GREEDY Heartless Traitor Collaborating Republicans will even deal with the Devil (Wait they Have Putin) to get what they want.
Absolutely indefensible .... FYI @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @GOP
DIfi: Me, We. 
When special elections are still going 2 republicans knowing they have a disaster health plan not much U can do, but let folks lose it all
We just call them republicans.
The same person who steals from his son's Charity to line his own pockets!
They will take it from all, eventually
It sure is!  Thank you so much for your strong opposition to #GOPcare !
Nazis sentence millions to death camps in the 1940s so have the Republicans done in 2017 with Americans
Go get em Senator! Block, stop normal business, it is indeed a mean bill! #StopTrumpcare
Only billionaires? Such #FakeNews. Anyone making $288,000 or more would get a cut, or couples making $250,000 or more.
It's getting more and more difficult to recognize the country I love.
The evil people whose soul is already damned.
Who? Greedy, bought, immoral bastards. Let us be honest. Looking @marcorubio  #NoCutsNoCaps #StopTrumpcare #SaveACA #ProtectOurCare
wouldn't thos also hurt the healthcare industry? if people don't have ins &cant afford vists.tests.meds then wldnt $$ not spent=less income?
@JacquelineHine1 Simple, it's a Republican thing.
Well, if u look at ur voting record I'm sure we can find plenty of examples & u defend them all Dianne #SinglePayerNow
I HOPE you can convince those Republicans who have ZERO SENSE OF RESPONSIBILITY TOWARDS AMERICANS who have no voice, but jump for the RICH
I don't know your my senator in ca I am a widow I have an autistic son that has epilepsy I will lose our home and can't afford medical 4 him
What's really funny. I have 2 kids. Our family deductible is $15,000. We can't use our insurance.  How is Obamacare good for us?  Help!
@SenFeinstein The Democrats have thrown the veterans under the bus for years. How can anyone do that.
Dianne, please read the discussion documents, 142 pages. Please tell me what page THIS IS ON. Can't find this. Thanks.
The people are ready for #SinglePayer (it's not about you)
What's not about me??
Oops, meant Feinstein 
The devil is in the details and the ones who support him are incapable on purpose of reading them. They see this as another kick at Obama.
Why aren't you working to shape the bill?
In my subjective universe, the mindset that it takes to back that position is unspeakably vile, the cream of the crap.
#myBrothersKeeper
I hope people pay attention to this vote to see who to remove from office in 2018!
Easy - just be a Republican
yes, but we'll have 'choices'...choices given to us by a monopolistic health insurance industry...
So horrible
GOP have always look out for the rich. They have no hearts or souls
Hey, Billionaires! How about coming out and saying you don't need the tax cuts!
How can try to take away second amendment but have a chl yourself #nosteponsnek
More lies coming out of the Dems. When explaining OCare we were lied to repeatedly, us can keep your Doc, more plans lower cost.. ALL LIES!
Do you ever get tired of repeating the same old bull crap?  Try actually thinking for yourself.
Mauricio Macri, president of Argentina do the exact thing!
The GOP believes if you aren't perfectly healthy and wealthy, you deserve to die. Seriously.
GP don't care about 99% as long as they can gerrymander suppress votes receive billionaire $$ donations n moronic base keep voting em in
Mitch McConnell arresting handicap people at the capitol yesterday shows how low the GOP is
The same kind of people that'd do this
It breaks my heart.
Yet demand that they be born. Bunch of "not my problem" hypocrites
#AynRand wrote it so @SpeakerRyan and @SenateMajLdr did it. #partybeforecountry
Please ask the @SenateGOP who wrote the bill. Sane Americans have no idea
I highly doubt Trump read any of the bill. He just wants it not called Obamacare.
Ur felkow Congress members. U too are complicit. U been there forever. Clean it up. Stop posturing or retire. Enough old folks screwing us.
From the Mom of one of those kids - thank you for speaking up on her behalf
This is so disgusting. We are better than this. We deserve better than this.
Incredibly sad...Americans deserve universal healthcare.
Senator, negative statements about ACHA when Obamacare is bankrupting insureds:they can't afford premiums or deductibles? Thus no Access!
How can you support taxing Cali while getting richer and your hubby getting state contracts? Illegal?
White men in control lining their pockets.
But this has always been the @GOP agenda 
Like you do, watch @jimmy_dore to see how two faced she is
Also children with cancer

Why is this not a headline?!
It's called a Republican 2017 version!  The valueless class!
But it's happening and democrats are paralyzed and unable to stop trump & Co .. WHY ??? Get your shit together Dems !!
Not a child but approving Trumpcare is sentencing me to starve to death & only live about 2 mo.
Need IV nutrition Requires Ins.
Im a mommy 2
How about from the disabled in general? Or the sick& elderly? What is it about us that's so offensive 2 them that they want to ghost us?
They are politicians they are the voice of whoever donates the most money. Not the people
Doesn't affect them. And yet they all get healthcare for life.
Some don't deserve it
Why is this healthcare insurance not the same one that our elected officials must use??? Why can't we all get access to their insurance?
Its the Republicans way. They care about people remember the Republicans said corporation are people to
.@SenFeinstein The "ProLife" Republicans. They make me sick!
Hopefully, the Trumpcare ( Trumpdisaster ) will be stopped. I feel sorry for you and ur fellow Americans.
Sadly ur President only cares about himself. He doesn't have an inch of empathy & compassion, he is very selfish
Considering Congress (you included) decided to exempt yourselves from either bill...I really don't want to hear it....
Well, you personally support the insurance company profit over delivering healthcare model which is what this is on steroids. #singlepayer
Barbaric. Medieval. Game of thrones -esque. "Put them on the rack!!" these ppl are vulgar & should again use phrase, "the American ppl want"
Sen Feinstein, I have CRPS in both arms from a w/c surgery. BC of Steroids for that I have AVN,Hip Replace+Rod in Femur, Cataracts, RtBBB...
Why haven't you called for impeachment?
You are ridiculous, Feinstein! No one is doing that. Stop your hate speech.
Thank you Senator Feinstein! I am glad you are speaking out more on these issues!
Forgive them for they know not what they do. They're republicans!
#SaveMedicaid #saveACA @MMFlint
WTF? You are AGAINST #SinglePayer! You're nothing but a corporate sellout!
Apparently if you are orange and have a tiny penis it's easy to do.
Because they don't give a DAMN about us, or about American children, our families, our elderly. They only care about themselves & trump.
Please do everything you can to block the passage of this bill! As a CA voter I implore you to do whatever you possibly can.
Easy: They read and swear by "Atlas Shrugged." Shared health care costs for children is expressly opposed in it!
How can anyone support taking health care from disable children to cut taxes for billionaires? Indefensible!
When Fox doesn't cover it they assume they can still blame the Dems when America awakes uninsured.
Not just @GOP politicians. Their supporters too. #WTH?
#DonaldTrump once took his own sick nephew's insurance away.
#GREED Their minds don't think like ours @SenFeinstein ; they don't put #humanity #first
Well what your you going to do about it? Get them all on a bad vote, gets some money together and get them gone.
Republicans are a heartless bunch of GREEDY selfishly sadistic evil PEOPLE that's why they don't CARE!
That's easy, Republicans can because they care more about billlionaires than disabled children.
How can the gov take insulin away from diabetics so they end up in a coma and die. Our Gov is a moral failure!
Please keep fighting for our health care!!!
Perhaps they are working on some eugenics angle. This bill will kill thousands of disabled people.
Well, the #TrumpScum steal money from kids with Cancer, so why is this different? @EricTrump #PlaceInHellForYou #ImpeachTrumpNOW #Deplorable
Why are we being destroyed by our leaders? What's the deal, really?
We must not allow this to continue.
These sold out Republicans will support killing their own mother if there's enough money in it for em.
Also old people, who paid taxes all of their lives.  No matter majority rules.
In the elderly. We need to fight for those who cannot.
THINK OF THE BILLIONAIRES WHO MAY HAVE TO DOWNSIZE TO JUST ONE SUMMER HOME IN DUBAI THOUGH
Agree 100%. Thank you Senator Feinstein.
Any republicans claiming to be Christian voting for this bill is exactly the opposite.
Sv
Well, seems we now know.
There are a lotta wanna-be billionaires out there willing to take a $$ hit personally so the real billionaires can keep living their dream.
Rep elected trump ,I would but nothing past them
Nobody except Republicans support this craziness
Time to fight hard, Dianne. Don't pull any punches.
People who have no conscious and can sleep well at night.  I absolutely have nothing else to say about this.
I'm sure they won't lose a wink of sleep.
Reps r anti abortion but then don't want to help people who have children w/ disabilities who need healthcare help.Attack the hypocrisy!
Criminals like Republicans and Democrats, that's who!
