He needs to show his taxes and business deals or he needs to pay the American taxpayers back for all his crazy expenses. @SenFeinstein
His spending makes me NOT want to pay #taxes. I work hard; i don't want my tax $ wasted/funneled 2 maralago. #EmolumentsClause
@SenFeinstein
Really, what about the Obama's numerous exotic trips & non-stop golf trips, did that bother you?
Hi @loladeantonia26, no. Comparing the two, yes.

http://www.cnn.com/2017/04/10/politics/donald-trump-obama-travel-costs/index.html …

https://www.google.com/search?q=trump+spending+obama …
Of course not. Americans paying for Michelle's exotic trips with all her friends was acceptable, no comparison...
Obamas cost taxpayers $85 Million dollars. Trump, in first 100 days, set to outspend them in 1 yr. Open your eyes...
Urge him to shut up about nuclear war and preemptive strikes, too? 

Kthanksbye
Democrats already did - outrageous premiums, crazy deductibles, no access to care, 6K medical debt, last 3 yrs. and now blaming  Trump?
Is radiation poisoning covered by Obamacare?
When Trump speaks, the entire world laughs (except 24% of Americans).
TRUMPBOT!
A needed improved A. C. Is what's needed tweaking here and there like social security. I N its beginning
$1,650 prem, (20K per yr.) $12K no access to care out of pocket is consumer fraud. Making me pay that by law is tyranny of the people!
I'm urging you all to get off your asses and fix this mess that U & Obama created. Or get your asses on Obamacare like us.
Thank you Senator for keeping up the good fight & looking out for US citizens.
Yeah, she really looking out for Us citizens. Why then could I not make in CA as a middle-income family?
Look, Avg working ppl cannot afford to get sick! WHY can't U understand this? U all fight harder for illegals, than Us!
Thank you for for not abandoning our cause!
I hope he can read!
This is a man who lashes back at his opponents in fury to destroy them. Fight back.
i'm glad I have a strong woman like you as my senator.
Thank you for being a voice of reason!
Where is your healthcare plan?
With all due respect, I don't see how you can call it sabotage. You rammed that program through. If it's a failure...
You, the Democrat Senate and Osama already destroyed our heslthcare
Obamacare sabotage Healthcare where have you been #obamacare #failure

@POTUS Please Defund subsidies for Congress & fat cat insurance companies.
I'm urging President Trump to abandon his threats to sabotage the individual insurance market. My letter: http://bit.ly/2vjrrKy 
GET RID OF MONOPOLIES, LAWYERS AND MIDDLEMEN THEM ME AND THE DOCTOR CAN HEAL ME.
Thank you!!!
You do realize that it is the house and senate that needs to change the laws right ... not the POTUS ... wake the f up
Obamacare was going down the tubes a few years ago and you did nothing to change it ... ins. cos continue to abandon it
Why the F didn't you Dems do something about it the last 7 years ... you set it up to fail so you could swoop in & 'save the country'.
Like you really give 2 shits with your CADILLAC health plan PAID FOR BY US. Stop bashing Trump 4 trying 2 get LYING Repubs 2 DO THEIR  JOBS!
I'm urging you @SenateFloor @HouseFloor
TO JOIN THE AMERICAN PEOPLE & ACCEPT MEDICAID AS YOUR PRIMARY HEALTH INSURANCE.
"WE THE PEOPLE" WILL NOT RESCUE THE INSURANCE COMPANIES...WE WANT TOTAL
"REPEAL & REPLACE" OF THIS
ODUMMER CARE ! GET RID OF IRS PENELTY !
You had your chance with HC. You blew it. You lost House Senate and WH. Stay in the backseat where you belong.
You have 8 years. Failure is yours.
Tells us about your legislation to route $25 billion of taxpayer $ to a govt agency that awarded your husband's real estate firm a contract.
How.about you using the same insurance that we are FORCED to use!
Your pandering and ass kissing didn't work on this lunatic for the past 8 years- step aside and let the adults handle this
Like your threat to the people who bought your street because you couldn’t pay your taxes
Thank you! This will save lives!
He's not just threatening. His very words are destabilizing the markets
Dow at a new record high- seems like you need to come out of your parents basements and take a real look at what's going on
You should have done something about vs kicking the can once again!
Why don't you personally go over there and tell Kim to cut it out w/ milk & cookies? You obviously don't see how much we are in danger.
We can start a GoFund me for you. The sooner you get over there the better. Better bring a lot of cookies though.
Oh No! All you want to do is degrade Pres Trump! I trust him with all the General's who surround him. Unlike Obama who did nothing.
The contributing Americans want choices
Obama failed with ignorance and appeasement. Maybe you should negotiate your way into a nuclear shelter now. Americans say, "Thanks Dianne".
The problem is he will just do the opposite
Bill Clinton created the North Korean nuclear problem & his good buddy Obama created the Iranian nuclear problem
Perhaps because you are beholden to them?
Open ur eyes. We already can't afford 2 visit our doctors & had steep increases in prems so had 2 drop ins. thanks 2 O'Care which u voted 4.
I urge you to retire
ACA has been sabotaged for past seven years. Why did DT meet with Insurance Executives? What was discussed, more ways to sabotage ACA?
"oh please mr fat go on a diet"
Trump isn't sabotaging anything. If you do not straighten up and help Trump, you are OUT on the next election. Embarrassment to California.
THE dEMOCRAT HAVE RUINED IT ALREADY, @POTUS IS TRYING TO SAVE HEALTHCARE.
UH OH!
I haven't seen as many tweets from Trump as you've been writing. Did you hire someone to just tweet? These issues aren't new and you failed.
"Threats" "sabotage" these words are more consistent with your actions.
What about the sabotage of the Clinton/Lynch/Comey..Dianne?? You now are involved !! Such collusion once again w/ Democrats !
While No Korea is shooting missiles! BOOM! You traitor! Obama diplomacy got us into this mess.Bombastic vs Bombs get on winning team or lose
 
Here's an idea. Why don't you help fix the problems of the affordable care act.  And then President Trump won't have to do this.
AMAZING HOW THE DNC SAID OF O CARE TO PASS IT SO WE CAN READ IT! Disasters soon came forth with cancellations of policies! TERM LIMITS NOW
#MAGA
@SenFeinstein YOU are on the list as well! Careful where you are treading... @jeffsessions @JaySekulow @SebGorka @VP @DHSgov
Still crybabies
subsidies to insurance companies are paid with taxpayers money , the government has no right to subsidize anything,
Full Repeal
President Trump is the best thing that ever happened to this country you failed in California for the last 30 years!
Read & learn
Tarmac lady you too.
Really?!!! What a crock.  The ACA was designed to collapse the insurance industry for the purpose of bringing about single payer.
Good luck with trying to change his mind!! His ego is running the country & we will be lucky if even a bigger disaster doesn't happen!

Thank you 4 your leadership. Make no mistake you allow US citizens like me sleep better at night God bless u
#MAGA by not voting democrats!
WHEN NOKO HITS US, I BLAME EVERY SINGLE DEMOCRATIC LEADER & THOSE WHO VOTED FOR THEM! My son is on one of the ships & knows more than YOU!
U have been in US Congress 4 HOW MANY DECADES? Oversaw the support of Clinton with nukes to NorthKorea- Obama with ObamaCare-nukes to Iran?
Dear Diane where have u been for the past 25 yrs. you are putting your citizens in Ca lives in jeporady w NK. Democracy has not worked
Actually we Are Demanding He Does !!
You've bigger problems! Your Deputy Counsel worked for DOJ under Lynch, as your committe investigates snakes on a plane. REEKS of coverup!
SABOTAGE was passing a healthcare bill you had no clue was in it! Americans are struggling and u care about the insurance co bailouts
We urging U to stfo & stop attacking @Potus in moments when they need a clear mind, if something happens Dems will be hold accountable 4 
I believe if you carefully research things, no one has to sabotage itself, Obamacare is imploding itself.
You fail to protect your constituents. Grow a pair, madam.
As long as she has been in government & done nothing but grow her bank account but democrats still want her.
California: the land of fruits and nuts. If that's politically incorrect, I don't care. 
Lol, that's what I called them when I worked for Chrysler corp. everytime a Californian called, I was thinking they were high lol
Hahaha ignorance is bliss I guess 
I don't know lol, here lately ignorance has been pathetically sad lol. They should be working the freak show of a circus
We won't need insurance if we're all fried. #ImpeachTrumpNow
Then why don't U fly your happy rump to NOKO & talk nice to him & see how far U get! They kill their own ppl, imagine how they perceive YOU!
No bailing out of insurance companies.
The dems took a perfectly good system ruined it now no one gets care except congress you opted out didn't want obamacare for your insurance
Your democrat party screwed the healthcare up for everybody
You ,the Dems and Obama are no better than Chamberlain " PEACE IN OUR TIME " how did that work out
So we thank you for the same deal you and the dems gave Iran along with billions of dollars  We will not take any suggestions from   You
Ok,let's do what Pres. Clinton  ,Bush,Obama and you recommended and they would not develope  a bomb .." This is a good deal for the us "
Why you won't get any more contributions from the Insurance companies?
excuse me Senator but the ACA has already accomplished that!
Deedee why weren't payments included in the legislation?
You all had a chance to fix Obamacare and you failed! You get me to pay for yours but you screw me! Get out of the bubble
On behalf of President Trump...Step down from your senate seat..You disgrace America..
8 years of Obama Care with no changes

failure
Thank you Senator for your leadership & looking out #ForThePeople! 
Please retire no one cares what you have to say.  #MAGA
Thanks @SenFeinstein 
Thank you!
The 1st and 4th paragraphs of your letter are incongruent. Not sabotage.
Of course, don't want to reduce your payouts.
Not ONE of the GOP should be let off the hook to go quietly into the night (Chaffez) on this Russia investigation. Dems fight. NOT ONE.
Your precious Obamacare is hurting me and my family. I know you don't care.
You already sabotaged it by passing Obamacare. We're hurting in flyover country. Thanks!!
What happens to you're big plan 4 single payer? Oh that's right California has no $$ and in big debt. Thanks liberals!
Help us ! Trump  going to get us all killed!!
You just want your insurance subsidized. Sorry you are a billionaire think before you speak
Sadly, he's busy trying to get us all killed right now. 
Then... #golf.
F I L I B U S T E R >>> WHY WOULD WE STOP ?
Bad timing on your tweets today. Urge him to back off on nuclear threats for gods sake.
I would love to meet you & talk about these issues it may take a week lol I respect our president because I see fire in his eyes for change
Americans are waiting for Congress & SCOTUS to step up. Remove this danger, this cancer from the WH before he kills us all.
You all sound like cowards. What would Obama do run and hide? Our military will resolve this.
How awesome would it be IF all our sad unemployed citizens can take over all those jobs left empty by illegal immigrants crush welfare 1/2
You need to ask @GOP @SpeakerRyan & @SenateMajLdr that question. They continue to stay silent about the #Madman! #25thAmendmentNow!
He wld probably be to busy with his building blocks instead of reading letters.
Maybe Barron could read it to him especially if it's longer than half a page.
Nah, both kids are playing. Woulda thought that Barron abit to old for building blocks.
At your age I would expect a little more wisdom & common sense. Thank God we have real patriots like my family, my son on one of those...
He is not sabotaging it.  He is trying to repair the mess Feinstein and her chronies made of the health care system
Senator, five paragraphs is four too many for him to read, and you didn't put his name in each one to keep his attention. Rookie mistake :)
Come on senators stop this you guys don't like change not everyone likes vanilla ice cream it's boaring time for changes time to agree n fix
Thank you for fighting for Affordable Care!
O's CuckcareSucks. Our Ins. CoPays,Deducs,PremiumsRso high, folks can barely afford HC.  U R an Old White Privledged out of touch leftist.
You need to do more than that impeachment please and now he's crazy
Sanctuary cities: a haven for food industry est to hire illegal immigrants and leave our UNEMPLOYED in the cold. Our UNEMPLOYED can cook too
Shame a person in your position has to use protocol. Else you could delete the word 'Honorable' from the very beginning of that letter
Boy I'm praying u get voted out soon!
The wall PREVENTS ilegal entry of people & drugs into our great nation, what is wrong with that plan again congress? Please explain this?
Trump has your letter before him in smallest room in the White House. It will soon be behind him.
Much support Senator.
Trump is a business man. He wants to address repair sign & move on to the next issue at hand Congress plays games delays everything forever
Urge him to stop his egregious threats to NK. He's going to kill us all.
How about someone just urge him to abandon the planet? Like, sooner rather than later. Please.
Donald Duck needs to calm down

I will bet that when it comes time to address Tex reform democrats will say NO again & again & delay Trumps plan to make changes
Feinstein, you are nothing if not an embarrassment and obstructionist.
Democrats are sour against change against new policies against everything their way too old to make modern changes democrats need new leader
Ha - the ACA is a direct attack on the individual and the individual insurance market. Why did you vote for that POS?
Feinstein, your 'opinion' on the president's tone is irrelevant. When you're president, then you'll be able to handle it however you want.
The ACA mandates on PECs, essential benefits, and unlimited payouts "sabotaged" the insurance market much more than reducing subsidies.
Congress should get back to D.C. and take a stand about this crazy lunatic threatening world safety.

Now! It's your job to stop him. 
He's sabotaging thing. You want government controlled insurance. I'll take his plan over your plan everyday of the week.
Call it like it is D.C. Hates trump that's why you oppose healthcare his fabulous wall and immigration D.C. Is a very disorganized place sad
what health care?
Well...we appreciate your effort, Senator
Effort In what??? Fooling U? Hard to believe U ppl support commie's & their polices. Move to NOKO, that's the policies democrats support!
It's been years and democrats just love to say " NO " to everything why can't you democrats make peace and solve issues you hate trump
UFatFreak.Stop Slandering Ur Prez.Y isn't any1 asking howUbecame a multmillionaire as a PublicServant.Where wereUwhen HC sold Uranium2Russia
How about keep us out of war with NK? Please? Avoid nuclear annihilation first, then save insurance. Thanks!
U poor thing, CNN user R U? NOKO is provoking & at this very moment planning a strike on Guam. Having a military family as I do, The only...
Take the authority over the insurance payments from the President
The states, not Fed gov't should be in charge of healthcare for citizens.  Feds should return $$ to states, including x-border insurance.
No respect for you Diane you need to resign or be recalled
Can you urge him to back off the nuclear threats too?
Read & get some education
How about you urge him not to get us in WWIII
Exactly these people act like Trump out of nowhere is picking some fight!!! No this insane N Korea is shooting off missiles threatening us
How can you sabotage what is failing
It's failing bc he is sabotaging it. Telling insurance Co they won't get payments is sabotage that is why they are pulling out.  Fix ACA
We Want Freedom!  We want Free markets without government control or interference!
LIKE...Anthem in Nevada.....Pulling entirely out of obamacare.....can't sabotage something if it's not there....right, lady
Shameful Frankenstein
Kinda busy on a different matter there Dianne. While I value your opinion, I would call on trump to abandon  a thermonuclear WW3 right now.
O&HC have all ready set us up.They have their PlushBombShelters built as Russia is bldg the Bomb from the Uranium Hillary sold Putin'sRussia
TTY. Your efforts r appreciated but we r all aware & reminded on a daily basis this soulless, greedy criminal doesnt care abt ppl-only $
So that we still need health insurance, what are you doing to make sure President Trump doesn't blow up the world?
Go girl!
With all due respect... T-Rump and the Entire Administration needs to Abandon the WH! Work on that and we won't have the other problem!
Sen Feinstein, we want him out! How long do we have to wait! Why is getting away with this? Where is everybody? No one is stopping him.
Read & educate urself
Thank you for all you do @SenFeinstein, have loads of respect for you...
I do too. Loved her since I was a little girl at home In SF & will  always have love for her. I'm just ready for Trump to go.
Me too!! Class Act & so Intelligent... I, want T-Rump & the Entire Administration gone!! Everyone of them completely inept!
Blah, Blah, Blah !!!
Why didn't the SENATE act to stop Kim before #NorthKorea gained NUCLEAR capability?  YOU could have.

Distracting from the problem YOU MADE?
SENATOR THAT'S WHY BOTH PARTIES SHOULD UNITE !AND WRITE A GREAT BILL !USE ACA AS TEMPLATE!

