It's an insult to intelligence!  Would you buy a car sight unseen??
People that are complaining are the ones that get it for free and they don't want to have to pay like the rest of us
No you would not be kicked off if you would have listened to president Trump you would have heard what he said they are covering PEC.
It's too late for me for anything. I'm fighting for my children. I'm 70 they're not going to treat me regardless they might test, but no trx
But 8 years ago it was fine to pass one nobody read, that screwed all of us.
And months of hearings, so no, @KMacinNWI, that argument doesn't fly.
Erm...What plan?  Are we referring to the one the GOP couldn't get together?  The one they had 8 years to figure out but couldn't agree on?
Oh the repubs have dropped the ball, but the Dem politicians started it by forcing this  crap on us. You remember they exempted themselves?
If the level of political discourse here, when it comes to legislature that will end lives, is "but they started it" then we are in trouble.
You are like a teenager who brings the wrecked car home and tosses keys to parents. "Let me know when its fixed so I can take it for a spin"
If the ACA is so great why are you not covered by it. Because you're too damn old
FYI it's a constitutional republic not a democracy
We've already been assaulted with the ACA and your Obama administration
HE'S AN ASSAULT ON AMERICA!! Come on, say it like it is!!!
GOP are guilty of governing malpractice
Pls filibuster & submit hundreds of amendments.thank u 4 fighting for our healthcare!
This a disgusting result of Republicans putting WINNING before American lives. #SaveACA
Really? But u  seen all of the bills? as Peeloosi said we Demcraps have to pass the bill before we KNOW WHATS IN THE BILL. SOUND FAMILIAR
Please support #UniversalHealthCare
TRUMP IS AN ASSAULT ON OUR DEMOCRACY AND HUMANITY
YOU r an assult on my democracy by hogging your senate seat, precluding any other American from servicing their country with FRESH ideas
No, you're voting to advance a DEBATE on the healthcare bill.  Stop trying to insult the intelligence of your constituents.
No! You want single payer healthcare. You ruining our State of CA. Not going to allow our country to do what socialist countries do.

Sounds like Obama care you passed it before you read it or you guys that big of hypocrites LOL
Your presents, Dianne Feinstein, is an assault on our Democracy and Constitution!
Fight for us
Jeez sounds like the passage of the @ACA all over again. The Congress has ZERO experience creating a healthcare bill.
Do all you can do @SenFeinstein 
And God help us all!
It's called a tax cut for the .0001 percent.
Voting to advance a bill is not voting for the bill to become law.
https://www.cbpp.org/research/expanding-medicaid-a-less-costly-way-to-cover-more-low-income-uninsured-than-expanding …
No, it's an insult to all Americans
I'm reading it's1)a full repeal like the 2015 repeal and2)a skinny repeal, getting rid of components like mandatory ins. then ACA will fail.
DON'T STOP CALLING! If busy/full mailbox Google the senator find "locations" (other numbers are listed) on their official Senate page!
NEVADANS: It's important to call up Sandoval too. He's the key to Heller. And was lobbied by Pence, Price & Mulvaney to get Heller to yes.

So that's what a death spiral looks like I guess? Mostly green?
Mostly green you need to open ur eyes!
It doesn't matter what is in a bill all good NAZIs um I mean republicans will do fuerher trumps bidding
Thank you Senator! #VoteNo #SaveACA

Can any of you hard left loons do even 3rd grade level math? Do you understand the economics of this ponzi scheme that you want to save?
Yes, we do - it needs to be fixed. This bill snaps its neck. Did you read it?
Nope. Not voting on it and those that are never seem to read it either, as Pelosi publicly admitted with Obamacare. Words don't change math.
Says the woman who gets money from health insurance industry and refuses to support single payer. Feinstein is a fraud.
We're following the Pelosi Democrat flowchart, you must pass it to read it.
This is not how democracy is supposed to work.  Disgraceful
It's insanity. What has happened to America?
Look stupid they voted obama care an never read a word you think this is wrong wtfw with you
Fun fact: The US still think , they can tell the rest of the world how democracy works.
The ACA's failings enabled Trumpcare. #SinglePayerNow or get out.
How is that allowed? NO trumpcare!!!
It was. Glad you finally get it. DJT-Rus-GOP collaboration an aftont. McConnell shoving thru Gorsuch afront to law. Kovach afribt to vote
Sickening!
You should have walked out en mass!
It would be nice if you could hand them all this story as there will be 23 million of them
Give me a break Senator! The assault on liberty & democracy was the FORCING & COMPELLING Americans to purchase health insurance
Something cooked up in the dark and unconstitutionally voted on as budget reconcilliation to get around the actual will of the people. Putin
Go back to sleep Dianne, same affect as your vote.
You did nothing on voting one way or the other....so sit down and be quiet ! All talk ! Again the do nothing Democrats=obstructionist !
You do realize we are a republic not a democracy...
Yes, it is and it must be stopped!
The assault on our democracy started the day Trump won
Ploy to force Sessions resign.During Cong recess (Aug) appoint a stooge AG(no confirm). Stooge fires Muller. Constitutional crisis ensues.
You are doing the higher power's work. Thank you!!!!
You need a dictionary.
What democracy? We've been an oligarchy for years now...
Hypocrite! Wasn't it Pelosi who said you had to pass it to find out what's in it about Obamacare? Same shit princess
Time for single payer
Oh please that's what Obama did.
Then stop it!!!!!!
Walk and chew gum Feinstein! Where are he subpoenas? And public testimony?
Maybe time to stop twitting and rise up
@Morgijane You are an assault on democracy
do something about it. Quit acting helpless.
Keep fighting Senator!
And that is a shame. The GOP has put political affiliation above the needs of the American people and it's up to us to vote them out! #SAD
Trymp loves confusion and so do other Republicans apparently
Well if you and your Dem buddies had nominated Bernie, he would have won, you are all sold out shills for corporations.
Mr. President is  trying to tear down your justice system. Please don't let him !

Again, I agree with you but there is nothing you can do as long as the Republicans support Trump. Frustrated.
No it's an assault against Obama garbage care
You have to vote on it in order to find out which bill it is.
You just have to pass it to know how great it is remember? Maybe Nancy can remind you. #hypocrite
You, of all people, have frequently assaulted our democracy...but you make an excellent point
Just like the dems did it. "Got to pass it to find out what's in it."
Regardless of voters wishes. We now know that Russians did much more than just run bots. So is there even any interest in securing election?
Nothing, at the federal level. There seems to be a complicit understanding with Republican party. Maybe thoughts of permanent majority?
And if the Nazi Dems in DC had backed Bernie instead of Nazi Hillary, we wouldn't be facing this attack. This is all on YOU.
Yet Republicans seem oddly unafraid of mid terms. They cling to Trump as they should be fleeing, why? What has been done to secure election?
Politicians like you need a time limit on how long your allowed to damage on state and country
You are an assault on California and its companies
Stick every possible wrench in the works!!
'We Have to Pass the Bill to Find Out What's In It'-@NancyPelosi 
Did  you say same thing then? You are unbelievable! Ashamed to be from CA.
Please keep fighting to #SaveTheACA. Your constituents are counting on you!
@karenhunter we let these monsters keep on attacking our democracy it won't be Nothin left to defend
Do not worry we will remember come election time and we are taking those that threatened our Democracy health equality and freedom down!!
You weren't saying that when passing Obamacare and no one knew what was in that.  Why the change of heart?
The GOP is powered by criminals.
You could pay closer attention or ask someone who knows. That's what I would do.
Keep them honest Dianne.
President Obama forced health care only Dems saw the bill.and  everyone and everything went up.  Dems help and add to repeal and replace.
THEN FGS VOTE NO
Did u say that to Pelosi when she said you have to vote it in to see what's in it? Just wondering.
So why let them make the rules this isn't how democracy works?
I'm sorry to see the arm twisting worked! I give mad props to McCain but i fear his hope Reps will work together with Dems won't work.
Then please DO SOMETHING Sen Feinstein! Do something that ends this farce of a presidency America needs you and all law-abiding elected ppl
#thisisnotnormal
Big Pharm and insurance payed for those votes.
We have a lot of work cut out in front of us. I would begin by telling those who voted yes,give up your health care plan for the ones u push
Mitch would have come up with some 100 year old law 2 stop it if roles were reversed, better up your game Senator
Fuck Mitch! Trying to confuse his own party! Traitor!
#SinglePayer
Yup . you have to love these secret bills .It tells you in advance its going to totally suck . Just like the GOP!
Then damn it do something please you can’t let Trump do this what is going take for someone to say No you can’t do this stop Trump NOW
How is it that this bill moved forward, while everyone is clueless
You and Barbara Boxer are the reason I left California forever. Arrogant and corrupt to the core. God will judge you someday.
Call call call
Then everyone has to vote no!
YOU are an assault to democracy!  Do your job!  Stop protecting lobbyists!
Save your epic failure to control healthcare? No
Just like when you shoved Obamacare down our throats? Hmmm.
Your fake news is not helping America
Fools a plenty
McCain uses taxpayer paid healthcare and then comes back to the Senate so he can take We the People's healthcare away. SHAMEFUL!
Yes, Senator Feinstein, this is an assault on our democracy!!! #SaveACA
So do something about it.
I declare THIS Congress to be a prexisting condition.
There was an assault on democracy. It feels like our democracy is now dead
why are we even at this place? #complicit and mean GOP
Appalling
It's terrible, but so is pretending #SinglePayer is a government takeover of entire #healthcare system. Is deliberate ignorance democratic?
Thank you for doing all that you can to fight & stop this bill.
It was okay when you passed OMBABCARE blindly.  You Democrats are a JOKE!!
The Democrats are an assault on our Democracy !! MAGA 
You must be a Libtard  !! Enough said ..
Yet for some reason, no one has figured out how to thwart this assault. Where is the legistlative acumen that we so desperately need?
We've lost the Union, Pray for America 
Then do something about it!!!
Your Republican colleagues have made war against us and they will NOT be satisfied even with this.
You will see people turned out of nursing homes, dying in America's streets. You will see families made homeless from medical bankruptcy
This is a war against us that favors the wealthy.  The rest of us get to live & die in ill health for their pleasure and benefit.
This is about GOP pols being able to tell constituents they acted. The SUBSTANCE of what they acted on doesn't matter to them, but should.
Thinking about u Americans as you battle against the forces of evil. Stay strong.
Please vote no on any attempt to repeal or replace! We need to stand up to this foolishness and assault on our Democracy!
Dianne @SenFeinstein how is it that you have allowed this system to get to this point where something like this is even possible?#Resustance
How the fuck is it Feinstein's fault?
You have to pass it to find out which one Nancy says
OK @DNC whats next? Citizens need to see more action out of you. What's the gameplan to defeat the repeal of #ACA? Our lives depends upon it
Then impeach
TOO LATE. ALL you wealthy politicians have marched us right into an AUTHORITARIAN DICTATORSHIP. You've gone too far down the rabbit hole now
Give them hell Senator.
Pitiful. 51 people.
So when are you all going to stop this fiasco called @realDonaldTrump and his Gang Members? When?
@SenJohnMcCain Assault on American Democracy, American Democracy is dead & you assisted! Thought u had guts.  Guess not!
& shoving health care down ppls throats when they didn't want it & telling lies abt liking your Dr or plan you can keep it wasn't?  #please
To bad. If you had read it first we won't be here right. 51 to 50. Love it.....
And you allowed Kushner to speak not in public and not under oath. Time for you to go. We can do better
Diane. Diane. Diane.  You have to pass the bill to see what's in it.
And the assault worked. SHAME ON YOU
Not you. Doesn't matter to you. 

You're an obstructionist remember.
One party rule dictatorship
Why does this clown keep getting his way 2 destroy us why doesnt someone knock him off his highFUCKING horse aggravating
Thank you for trying so hard to stop the madness.
Thank you DiFi!  Now we must demand real debate on fixing/saving ACA. Or YOU must filibuster by amendment to give us all time to understand.
Really? Input requires intelligence so no wonder all Dems voted nay. Karma sux
and then Mitch asked to wave the reading
Doesn't matter, you have to pass it to see what's in it.
GOP slugs want us dead
why is it We the People knew which bill you were voting on, BUT YOU DEMS DON'T?  This is the problem, OUT OF TOUCH!
Politicians must be loved by car salesmen.  Apparent they sign something w/o reading it.  I wonder why we have them in DC to do nothing.
Please fight! Do not give up!!
You have to pass it so you can see what's in it
Welcome to our 8 Year nightmare, Crook! We had no voice, and no vote on Ocare! YOU stole millions of our tax $$ on failed program! STHU!
I thougth that the U.S. Congress had to pass bills in order to find out what is in them.  Was I misinformed?
You aren't advancing anything, you're just opening it for debate. Wow you really are a dumbass.  #termLimits #IdiotsNeedNotApply
This is deplorable!!!

Democracy no longer exists in the United States of America. A puppet regime now has authoritarian control.
This is a sad day in America! Even if something had to be done it never ever should have went down like this!
McCain should have kept his sick ass at home he should loose his Ins then let him see what happens to his health VP needs to get sick too
Too Fucking Late-And Obviously, Some Democrats Crossed Over & Voted With The Satanic GOP To Cut Medicaid. Send Them Home. For Ever.
You gotta pass it to see what's in it. Ask. @NancyPelosi because she did the same thing
He's a fascist. More of us stand against him than with him. Please #SAVEOURDEMOCRACY #SaveACA  Thank you for fighting for us, Senator.
pretty sure you lead the assault on democracy......
I recall hearing that the Obamacare disaster bill had to be passed before we could know what's in it. You're an out of touch loser. Resign!
Outrageous
Time to field thousands of amendments.
Vote-a-Rama allows a filibuster-like maneuver.
#filibusterbyamendment Time to stand against this bill until full hearings and expert testimony. More info will only help #KillTheBill
