The one and only Mr Willie Mays! #42 #SayHeyKid is a true American man of integrity 
Ahem.. minor point..he was #24..
I always do that! My son gets so annoyed. 
I do believe the other great Jackie Robinson is the #42 on my mind.
I see one. Sey Hey!
Gavin for Governor!
Kimberly was smart to get rid of His Ass!
ur meal probably cost more than i make n a yr & u r a public servant!! glad u enj ur lunch, i'm busy workg 60 hrs wk just 2 pay aca prem!
Love this pic of Willie Mays. Like his statue outside AT&T, shows the essence of him as a player.
Wonder what kind of bribes went down?
Oh Gavin. ::swoons:: 
He would look so good next to Trudeau and Macron. Omg.
 yes please. 
I hope they were able to stomach it.
you are with Gavin Newsom and Willie Brown? You look beautiful
too bad they didn't
Willie Mays is a great American. Who are the two other hack politicians? @Warren_in_HTown @rkecseg84 @colleencpa @scottlock4usc
Willie!
I see 3 Greats! Thanks to your service to our city.
One anyways......

Who cares, you should be at work
Do America a favor... stay in California. You career politicians are the cause of many of our nation's problem. #retire #VoteDianeOut
Well, that's a safe topic.   Can't argue against eating unless the taxpayers paid the bill.   But of course we paid for a career politician.
The liberalism in this thread has greatly inspired me to purchase another Gun. I think I'll use liberal tears for lube also
Like your tweet.
I was wondering if that was Willie Brown, thanks for someone pointing out it was Mays!
So all black people look alike?
I only see one. Where is the other?
Sure you did.trump supporter.
YEAH SAN FRANCISCO!
Yeah Willie is great
And who paid for the lunch Tax payers?
Bet they paid for it
Wish they could say the same
Corrupt, Corrupt, aaaaand. ....corrupt!
Who are They?
Having lunch with the common folk 
Awesome way to get the real scoop on what Nor-cal citizens need
Great picture Dianne!!
I only see one!
Ya might tell us who..to you everybody lives in Frisco. Or somewhere Cali.
What can you all do about his statements today!? Thanking Russia for expelling our diplomats MUST be the last straw!
Now that is a team! And also what makes me a proud Californian.
No. You had lunch with ONE great San Franciscan.
Make that 1, which makes a grand total of 1 in tbe photo.
Barf.
An intellectual comment from the right!  Thank you for your input
Nice.
SAY HEY!!!  Sen.Dianne Feinstein  of S.F. California,   " Lets Play  Two Today" Thank You!!!
California Citizens Demand Fedreal intervention to Certify our elections only include Living United States Citizens. Stop illegal voting !!!
Newsom the adulterer??  Newsom the man responsible for the murder of the Bolognia family??  Hardly a "great" San Franciscan.
Great to see Willie looking so good.  Don't know the Gavin guy.  Sen Feinstein I'm a Rep but have noticed you being a fair senator.  Thanks!
And this does what for the contributing Californians
Love it!
Love y'all so much
I'll give you Willie.
Did you throw up afterwards?

Too bad you can't get to work
Great to see our @SFGiants best Willie Mays & @GavinNewsom
My sports hero of all time, a great Senator, and our future great Governor
You want an adulterer & a man responsible for the murder of the Bolognia family as our Gov??  Newsom is trash!!
Are you in SF?
Say Hey!
Did you pay for lunch or did the tax payers????
Didn't Gav move out of the City years ago?
3 to please!  Thank you all for representing our great City!
The only GREAT one there, Willie, and he isn't from San Francisco! I hope you do know he is from Alabama.
Like bush/cheney with Iraq, piece of SH^TS #blotus/pence want to privatize a war to get richer! 



IN CASE U MISSED IT!
Sodom and Gomorrah
Say Hey!!
SO GLAD LIFE GOES ON NORMAL FOR U!
The Gavinator will kick ass one day. Believe me,
I want the Gavinator to be our president in 2020 (maybe Jerry can hang in there one more term please)

Wow!!!! Mr. Mays.

Say Hey!
Love you Senator! Proud to be a true son of San Francisco!
You cannot do much better than lunch with Willie Mays (and this from a Dodgers fan).
Three
term-limits old lady
Say hey!

Blink twice if one is running for President.
GOAT, ew, and ewwww
