Then do your damn job and put forth legal legislation to replace DACA Which was TEMPORARY.
Its against the law. And you are in congress?
Palm to face.
True. So Congress needs to take it out of Trump's hands. President Imbalance, meet your check. #CongressDoYourJob
Which is an apt description of this creature who calls himself POTUS
Agreed we cannot give a promise as a nation and take rip it away on whim. Only as good as our promises of freedom.
Young people that break the law... yep so much for Americans
We should protect #dreamers like these?
And legally they came out and now are targets ! How can this be okay ?
Abject moral failures abound in this admin 
Everything he tries to do is block by congress. These are not his policies, they are your savior Obombas. Pathetic!
That's odd because Republicans control Congress. Maybe you're not aware of how majorities work.
So you are denying it because republicans have the majority? Relevance? Pathetic!
It's disheartening to hear you think Trump has any chance of EVER being "presidential." Please DO NOT believe Cheetolini is going to change
The abject moral failure is congress allowing us to get to this point IN THE FIRST PLACE!!!
Eh, but it's only been eight months, right? We should give him more time to get it together, right? Gtfoh, Sen. Feinstein
No, it wouldn't.
A moral failure is you in your position To the taxpayers and citizens of America
Ask your pals at ANTIFA TO PROTECT THEM!
Build the wall, build the wall, build the wall, build the wall, build the wall, build the wall,… Then DACA
Remove DACA, born Americans need to come first.
A moral failure is not enforcing the law.  You only want to enforce laws that benefit you
Their now adults and need to get inline like everyone else...END DACA now !!! most seem to hate this country 
Do you still think tRump "can be a good President"? What were you thinking when you said that? FYI, I voted for you
Me too.  #notmysenator
Do your job and make laws! #DACA
Yes, an abject moral failure. Blame Obama. #EndDACA
Well...the WH idiot lacked moral leadership....
An abject moral failure is what this administration and the GOP are every day.
Can u imagine coming here at 3 and at 21 being dumped back in a strange country alone? Horrendous!
I know 2 kids who were deported under OBAMA who did just that. They are thriving now. Loving their lives in a country they left when babies.
Wake up and smell the covfefe. The President of the United States of America IS an "abject moral failure". Less talk more action.
hey Resistor Pad can't show face?Ashamed of who U R & what U do! Hillary your God is a double Bagger! If Bill cld C her@least his bag is on
the ONLY reason we discovered them is because they committed felonies under Federal Law
KILL DACA and let these people apply to be citizens the normal way. If it's important for them to be here then they should get in gear.
Although it was fair to debate #DACA before it was enacted, it weakens trust in gov't to have enacted it and then pull the plug.
You're right, but Congress should pass laws. Obama took a quasi-legal, probably unconstitutional short cut. Congress needs to pass #DACA now
Failure to get rid of senators like you is the problem
You wouldn't care about them if they were legal though.
All of the Kids who are in D A CA are no longer Children The Males are Criminals and the Female are Anchor Baby Factories
Text RESIST to 50409 & ask your rep to act in order to preserve DACA. These people have no other home. Retweet this. 

#DACA
Screw that
And think of all the votes @SenFeinstein would loose. #truthbomb
#FakeNewsBomb. And it's spelled l-o-s-e.
He's your president.
Start by condemning ANTIFA.
My son had learning disabilty! Had Class with kids that could read or write English!  help cause Tcher spent whole class speaking Spanish
America has a Major situation in Texas.  We DO NOT need to give Illegal Aliens ANYTHING!  AMERICAN'S COME FIRST, you forgot!
But it's a familiar failure that Anerican gov keeps repeating.They failed to fulfill promises to our minority communities. Keep the promise!
Didn't Hitler do something similar to the Jews? Get them to enroll and then round them up. How did we get this pig in the WH?
Which seems to be in this @POTUS wheelhouse
From the mouth of another Jurassic dinosaur
No room for bots.
The abject moral failure Is the Democratic party and establishment Republicans. Dacca hurts legal Americans and needs to end..
When asked if Dreamers should be worried, President Trump responds, "We love the Dreamers, we love everybody"
If you expect anything other than "abject moral failure" from this administration, you haven't been paying attention.
Really? So POTUS is going to pivot and become the kind leader we always knew he was. NOT
Abject moral failure is the defining characteristic of @realDonaldTrump's presidency. #daca
Legalization of shooting baby animals in their den = foreshadowing
And where are YOU now @LindseyGrahamSC ??? Thought YOU cared about #DACA
Be ready for it, the moral compass is askew
Out of the shadows? They boldly protest, boldly drain our resources what shadows?
As sharply by BHO "Elections have consequences!"!
Accept the election results & get to work!
Not enforcing our immigration laws is a failure of your oath when you took office.
Yes, but the GOP's new normal have no morals
failure to protect American citizens is your moral failure. Stop working so hard for those here ILLEGALLY!
Well then Ms. Feinstein, I guess it's this type of cause that you can lend your clout and respect in congress towards. Write legislation.
Like all Democrats, you're a moral illiterate.
Save #DACA  Defend #DefendDACA  Save our children, Save our souls.
But you just said you want to work with Trump. Which is it?
Speaking of failures did you get a copy of Hillarys book?
So did the election of Trump. All else follows...
That we require an ACT at all to protect people who were brought here as children is ridiculous.  #DACA belong here, it is THEIR HOME, too.
Get @realDonaldTrump  outta here, Dianne! Please!!
A moral failure is not being responsible and being here illegally . Do you have a front door with locks on your home Senator? End DACA !
#HowDoesThatJustifyPuttingPeopleIntoPrisonForPot?
Well Ms. Feinstein, you've just aptly described Donald Trump and the GOP; "abject moral failure."
The moral failure occurred senator, when the previous administrator broke immigration law setting these ppl up for disappointment.
Why do you hate American citizenship and America workers Senator? Well, guess what we aren't fond of you either.
#saveDACANow!
Texas is a majority minority state, #Harvey has devastated our coastal area and beyond...can you imagine how this will further devastate TX
Very sad.
Justice would be 45 in a jail as the only white man.
DREAMERS are contributing, working, getting educated, saving, for a life HERE, with US. Renew DACA.
I've interviewed a College Grad Dreamer & would like to hire. Dreamer has filed to renew DACA. USCIS is super slow in processing renewal.
You are a Senator first, a flaming liberal second.  Act like it!
Please do SOMETHING Senator Feinstein! These young people are at home here, they grew up here, went to school here! They're Americans!
Trump has no moral values. Horrible old man.

Babys and mother are dead. because They Run away from bangali rohingya terriorist, then they don't have to eat,they don't have medacine. 
It's a breach of implied agreement under authority if the nation govt that created it.
Can it be defended in a court case?
I don't know. There is inherent unfairness to break the relied upon Order  in DACA. Individual due process rights vs Pres EO authority.
We are talking about a morally bankrupt man.. No surprise. Lacks a heart and soul
So hey Dianne, about that He'd make a good president comment......
YOU'RE an abject moral failure, Di......
You should have thought about that before you encouraged them to do so.
The government is definitely not an authority on morality.  I'm still not hearing other solutions besides writing out a blank check.
Unless the border is secure & e-verify in place, the discussion about DACA is premature. @AGJeffBSessions  @SenTedCruz @SenateMajorityL
#ImpeachTrumpANDPenceNow #NeverthelessShePersisted #GuantanamoforTrump #EVIL  @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski  @nytimes @WSJ
You are committing a felony per Section 274 felonies under the federal Immigration and Nationality Act, INA 274A(a)(1)(A)
Do SOMETHING Dianne, go on strike!
These are no longer Children the Males are Criminals & the Females are nothing but Anchor Baby making machines .
END D.A.C.A. NOW.
These are not Children anymore the Males are Criminals & the Females are nothing but Anchor Baby making machines End D.A.C.A
What steps do you plan to take against #POTUS's harmful policies and roll backs
Not to mention this reversal would be an unconstitutional ex post facto law. He could prevent further enrollment.
your abject moral failure is not condemning Antifa for violent outbreak in Berkeley this past weekend. enforce Constitution
Thank you @SenFeinstein for your faithful ,  grounded, fearless moral guidance. The American people absolutely depend on your leadership.
Obama should have thought of this before he signed an excutive order instead of passing legilation.  Lets face it.  It's Obama's fault.
This president doesn't care.
Thx Diane!
When are ppl going to figure out that Trump has NO MORALS or loyalty to anyone other than himself & family PERIOD.
Amen
Dreamers are legal. Once they register as DACA they r complying with current Immigration law. What happened to "we only want illegals out"?
Senator ... they have no real morals. Keep your eye on them
Are they citizens???
And you said he can change YEAH RIGHT!!!
Just like @realDonaldTrump and the GOP 2 go after the innocent & powerless when they have the chance. Grumpy old fools.
So would failure to properly secure our nation's borders.


Just sent this fax to my senators.  #saveDACA
What sort of programs?
Can I sign up as a US citizen? 
#EndDACA
And the meanest double cross. Why would anyone trust the government again?
#45 is an abject human failure so what's an abject moral failure
to him?
#Inhumane #NoEmpathy
No one cares what you think anymore! You are a failure!
Every damn day Trump sinks further into moral decay. He is a hideous,  petty little man.
Its morally repugnant also to deport legal dreamers.
But you still believe we should give him a chance to be a better president? #NotMyPresident -misogynist,racist,grifter @mrosecrans
Please work to get some legislation passed to protect these young people! This is immoral and disgraceful if @POTUS ends #DAVA , SHAME!
Anyone under 18 is a child. DACA children are what 37 years old?
Gimme a break..
Thank you and hopefully you can get your colleagues to understand and support DACA not tear it apart.
#ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW
#Resist he's coming for US all
That makes sense since our president has no morals
And that is THE Republican calling card
Silly Snowflakes
You are irrelevant. DACA was done illegally from the beginning.
We haven't forgot that you said let's work with Trump. Go away Dianne.
@hrw it is IMMORAL to entice people to come illegally WITHOUT AUTHORITY to ENSURE their later legal standing!
Are we a nation of laws? Change the law if you don't like it.
Try changing the law... that's right, you'll loose your election... what a shame!
Nobody is trying to separate families, if you're illegal, take your family with you! Breaking the law is breaking the law!
How about following the law! You passed them
Bye bye!!! America First!!!
And you said we should have patience with this vindictive, petty, evil, incompetent ass while he completes his term in office?

HELL NO.
@SenBennetCO is trying to stop it. Reach across the aisle on this one. He is ahead of you.
Sorry it's Congressman Hoffman of CO. The #BRIGDEact.
Dianne you just gave an interview saying give trump a chance What gives?
Go with them Feinstein.
How can anyone with no morals can understand the evil of such measure? @realDonaldTrump is a man with no decency, no moral compass.
Senator!  Stop posting what we know. You and the SENATE must do SOMETHING
Yes @realDonalTrump is an immoral person.
Diane, I'm from SF. What can I do to help?
The entire Republican party is an abject moral failure.  
What are you doing to make them extinct?   

#SaveDACA
what a sad reflection on Bush and Obama for their terrible border policy, and they both lied about border security.  Reckless. Shame on them
Welcome to the Trump presidency
Grrr
Don't we have an Underground Railroad? I lend my homestead.
So much for uniting a nation. Some of those Dreamers are helping trump voters in Texas right now! Way to show appreciation America.
Being morally bankrupt as you are you have no right to make this claim.
The abjomorsl failure senator is YOU!
Abject moral failure pretty much sums up this entire presidency
Moral failure ought to result in withdrawal of duties, immediate attention 2issues at hand. Morality never compromises the wellbeing ofLife
USA elf literally sicker punching 800,000 children! They did the right thing by coming out. Trump will use it against them!!!
Good deport these tax supported illegals!

One of dozens committed by this vomitous administration.
Please explain to American tax payers which other laws you condone breaking. You work for tax payers, not illegals. #morelostseatsin18
Agree. And it does not make us safer, smarter, or better off in any way. Ending #DACA is as cruel as it is unnecessary.
How about protecting American citizens: their jobs and children's education? You seem more concerned about immigrants than American citizens
#TrumpRussia explained in ~ 3 min
Ok this...this needs to go VIRAL. Easily the most accessible way I've seen to explain #TrumpRussia to the Gen. Pop.
This guy is an Obama leftist supporter
And an act of cruelty.
but you can't condemn trump as unfit

No. The Moral Failure is @TheDemocrats Bringing in 3rd world 4 Votes 2 Power up their Base. American Citizens have "Young People" 2!
You advocate law breaking against American citizens.  Pitiful woman
YOU are a failure!
Pass veto-proof law to pass a Dream Act.
Which other criminal lifestyles are going to be OK under Daca
Too bad #Congress can't do their gd jobs and stop this cruel maniacal hater. The country is sick of the mayhem & chaos. #StopItNow
We know all this already.  Impeach Trump!
Why are you so soft on Trump? Your investigative commission on Trump is a complete sham. The Senator from Iowa has been corrupted by Trump.
When will elder democrats allow for younger vision & voices?
Obama is guilty of so much while in Office.  We know it. You know it.  Holder & Lynch were just lynch men used for Obama's racist agenda!
DACA IS A DISASTER!  MAGAJust stick with Trump & he'll explain y! Don't listen 2 anyone else!
What about this situation? What are you covering up?  Were you involved? #WassermanSchultz GUILTY too.
Just more proof keeps coming out!  Yet you are silent!  YOU have no room to complain about GOP or Trump if you can't be fair; unbiased!
So where are you or any Dems on this? Comey colluded w Obama & Lynch to protect Hillary.  You know this! INDICT
Agreed, Tell that to our abject moral failure president
Senator, our president is a abject moral failure.
No it's the senator I guess you were mistaken! Deport these illegals now!
You mean another moral failure
Moral failure is trump's goal and his only real ability. #RemoveTrump
Why can't you get your fellow senators to get Trump out of office. Nobody agrees to what he is doing. He's destructive
Being an abject moral failure doesn't faze Trump. How will Congress save DACA?  Where is our Constitutional system of checks & balances?
Yes it would.
Failure to come out of the neoliberal shadows and support Medicare for all currently constitutes an abject moral failure #please
You thought the pres was moral???? You thought WRONG
If I brought my young kids to Italy under the radar, I should not be surprised if when caught they ask me to leave and come back lawfully.
No it would not. It enforces our laws. Your attitude is why there is no respect for THE LAW.
Let's see, did you vote on #Parisclimateaccord - No
#IranDeal - No
#DACA - No
Sounds like U should have spoken up about #obama overreach. 🖓🖓
Trump has no morals
Abject Moral Failure. The only thing Trump excels at.
If abject moral failure is what you want, Donny John is your man. Resist. 2018!
