Honestly... No Miley shouldn't had had to apologise but also... At 15 they shouldn't have sexualised her on the photoshoot!
If it was sexualized they would've done more than just taking a picture of her back.
Im pretty sure she had no clothes on. This is seductive if its not is it ok for me to do it? Not at all id probably end up in jail. But its ok since they are famous right? Famous people get away with almost everything
To be real with you chief I think the female body is oversexualized because teen boys have been posing shirtless in Photoshoots for ages now without outcries
The human body is over-sexualized period. It is CLOTHING that entices nakedness to trigger sexual impulses. Climate (weather) not withstanding, everyone should be naked as often as possible.
It's funny because we were all born naked. I guess humans decided that bodies are supposed to be sexual and inappropriate so that's why there's so much stigma around nudity.
All because Adam couldn't keep himself from eating a damn apple bruh
It was a beautiful picture!! We have an amazing Annie Leibovitz book, and I always change it to your page 
It’s a nice photo but kinda weird she was 15
if they wanted this to be sexual they would have had her arch her back and with a more seductive face & over all pose. Miley is just legit hunched over looking like she just woke up from a bomb ass nap lmfaoo. I never found this photo “sexy” & I don’t see it now that I’m grown
Also y did they blame this all on Miley? Why make a big fuss & say “SHES ONLY 15!” & then treat her like a grown woman calling her all types of whores n sluts & how she should know better. They should’ve gone after the photographer if they found this so inappropriate. It’s stupid
Yea no I agree I don’t think she needs to apologize at all
@joeythesamoey SHE WAS 15 WHY ARE PEOPLE SAYING THAT THE PHOTO WAS A GOOD THING
It's a back
tf are you lmaoo these randoms are everywhere
YASSS OUR UNAPOLOGETIC BITCH 
This is super weird almost like a crossover event

I REMEMBER WHEN THIS HAPPENED IT WAS ALL OVER THE NEWS
Probably cause they sexualized a 15 year old girl.. she shouldn’t have to apologize for that though
I never understood why it was all on her and not the photographer, who took the picture and probably suggested it to her- he should've had to apologize. also i just noticed the headline is "Miley's Shame" why would they shame a 15 year old??? how f^cked up is that
The photographer was a woman - the great Annie Lebovitz.
oops i'm sorry if that offended anyone, i honestly just couldn't remember who the photographer was and i thought i remembered it being a man but my memory was wrong. i should've googled it first
Are you kidding ? Half the people in this thread would love to hear you say it’s all a mans fault
you deserve the world
I've seen more skin on the beach...
And where was that rag with male stars who couldn't keep it in their pants,who beat their girlfriends,DUIs,shooting people...and no one has problems with shirtless UNDERAGE boys in way more provocative poses.
New York Post=Hypocrisy.
You people are so weirdly inconsistent. You tell men not to sexualize women. But it’s totally okay to do it to yourself while simultaneously telling everyone else that it isn’t sexual.
Photography is art, this picture is art. It is not sexual. I have seen dresses with lower cut backs. It's her back, a back you see in a baithing suit, is a baithing suit on anyone sexual? I sure wouldn't hope so. The point is that it isn't sexual.
What? Bathing suits are sexual. What are you talking about? It’s called Art so it’s not sexy. Ok then.
So women swimming is a sexual activity unless we wear a full wetsuit? lol
London:
1918 Women's Right to Vote if you 'qualify'.
1928 ALL Women allowed Vote
1950s Kate Hepburn in trousers banned from Claridges entrance
1966 Mini Skirt 
2018 Image of Woman Dancer Bare Back in Tights Advert ordered by @TfL to cover! @SadiqKhan "body confidence issues"!
THAT'S RIGHT you tell the fuck off Miles! Who the Hell are they to judge you? Don't ever stop being you. Love you Hun. 
#pedologic

I got out of modeling at 15 cause a photographer wanted my mom to sign a contract for me to pose semi-nude. I'm so glad my mother didn't sell me off nor allow others to. I thank God every day for a mother who taught me what morals & values are & how to carry myself like a lady.

Hmm! That's your response? #smh  Tabby's value system is intact while yours, Jennifer, seems to be broken.  "She Persisted" on the bio too. Unbelievable.
I won't judge others as it isn't my position to & I respect the differences in others. I am however grateful to my mother & find it rare in today's society that people value letting children be children & lady's carrying themselves like ladies.
She judged you pretty fast. You were mocked simply because you said your mom pulled you out of modelling because you didn't want to be sexualized at 15.  She should be ashamed of herself.
I realized that and appreciate you having my back but I honestly feel her response has a lot more to do with who she is as a person as opposed to myself tbh.
Correct.
I loved you then and I love you now and forever
You should never apologize for the body you were born with <3
L E G E N D
That photo wasn't even that bad? I will never understand
i knew your ass wasn’t sorry when my 12 year old ass read your apology in the news
i accidentally got a viral tweet but can the legend follow my account
legendary jaredtbh is back
he never left
Those were highly inappropriate for your age.  Especially the ones with your Father.  Gross.
Wow you can see her back. How inappropriate.
That's not what pedos see, and it was not a low cut dress. Get off the crack.
Wow. Sounds like you just revealed yourself. All I see is a back.
I‘m proud of you whatever you do or Not 
she snapped
She loves the pedo class.
Fok off pedo
I STAN THIS 100%
Near nude pic 
Just please millet, no more short hair, growing up watching Hanna Montana, I cried when you cut your hair short!!!
Miley
godbless
We dont care
best tweet
They commented so they do care
I think it's just a reply.
It's literally just a reply. It wouldn't have happened if someone hadn't RT it and I saw it
the first polemic we never forget
no need to apologise ever

AMOOO
Love that photo. We are the same age, 10 years ago I still found it beautiful.
U were growing up miles
WE LOVE YOU JUST THE WAY YOU ARE! LETS FIGHT AGAINST THIS SEXISM
Kg how times have changed. We're all used to seeing u naked now.
Would you drop a line on my track... Luv ya
That was an awesome photo shoot.  Nothing to be ashamed about.  Disney princesses need to grow up sometime.
Yet they had NO problem letting Justin Timberlake grow up.... haven't forgotten he was a Mouseketeer. Disney  let's buys become men,but girls must stay girls. #doublestandards #sexism
Girls develop both above and below the waist. Are you one of those "there are no differences between the sexes" types?
How come no one gets mad when teen boys do shirtless Photoshoots?
 because boy and girls have different bodies!
Why sexualize the bodies of girls and not of boys?
Not saying those sickos don't. Milo Yiannopolous does that. He got booted from CPAC as a result. Never denounced his pedrasty or pedophilia, endorsed it. His attitude is BS. He was not rejected because they were "stuffy c*nts". They had GOOD REASON. And they blocked him. Good.
But reality is, girls do develop secondart sex characteristics above the waist. Boys don't.
Ah, Cuz... Easy.  those pictures will haunt you in the future, if they haven't already.  How will you run for Prez if you know there are pics like that out there?
And apologizing for the pictures help how?
That rag is Trump's favorite newspaper (it has pictures for him) and it is owned by Rupert Murdoch, who also owns Faux News. That's all you need to know to ascertain its credibility, Miley.  In a word, it has none.
That’s not the magazine the shoot was for.
We know.
That is my point, youngster. I have no idea what others of her followers might know about the Post, but it is surely a rag unworthty of serious consideration. And I am@pointing out to Miley it is owned by Murdoch/NewsCorp and Trump's fav periodical, which she may not know.
Well, my point is your condensing attitude towards “youngster” women like Miley and me isn’t needed. You trying to teach Miley about credible publications is mansplaining at its peak. She has had to actively navigate the press since before she was 12. I think she’s got it.
Lol. Modesty would suit you. You are the one who decided to 'splain. You are being obtuse and unnecessarily obstreporous. And 7 decades entitles me to say you're young. That wasn't intended with disrespect. I support Miley with time, effort, and money.
Degenerate
Love you queen
I don’t have any particular interest in Miley Cyrus, but I appreciate this. 10 years ago she was pressured to apologize for something she wasn’t sorry about because it wasn’t consistent with Disney values. Now she has sway, and can safely admit she didn’t mean it.
Seriously, I disliked how unfairly and judgmentally other people treated you back when you had your first Twitter account (2009-2010), and I apologize if I contributed to that myself in any way at that time (I posted as @schroeder1174c back then). :( I wish you all the best! :)
TEA 
BAD BITCH
YES MILEY!!!!
Queen of Deboche
Who cares honestly. Find something important to talk about. This isn't it.
It kind of is... she didn’t say it literally but she is basically telling people that she does not need to apologize for her body. You didn’t have to comment, but you thought it was VERY important to be... well, annoying? I don’t even know lol
I'm not being annoying. I'm saying at 15 she shouldn't have been having these type of photos taken anyway. And why go back this many years later to say anything anyway. It's dumb.
At fifteen she should have to choose that herself, and she did. She said that now to show that her body is not a «shame»
Pedophillia is a good thing?
Right?  Were there no adults in charge here, or just creepers. Seriously 15?  No wonder the world is f@#$$ up
The “let my kid do whatever they want” generation gave us the Kardashian’s
Nothing is sacred anymore. I hate to see what it will be like 25 years from now, hell maybe 10 years.
Y’all need help.
Ok. It’s terrible to teach being proud of your body while also being modest. Right?
Dude, y’all are acting like this girl is naked. Does her back offend y’all that much?
Who is offended?? Nobody here said anything. We are responding to what she posted and you know it’s sexual in nature. Seriously if have a daughter you typically don’t want her teen body in a nationally syndicated newspaper on the cover
YOU  SHOULD  NOT  BE  SORRY   YOU  ARE  A  VERY  BEAUTIFUL   AND  SENUAL  WOMAN   YES  TRULY  DYJUAN  D  BARNES  YAHWEH
Who cares if she was 15 y/o? Did she break any laws? i’m sure she had her Parents approval. It’s a beautiful photo anyway.
we STAN the best ex act
Being 1 game piece from that million dollar prize, SHOP, PLAY, WIN Monopoly is sure to bless some lives. Show me yours I’ll show you mine. Let’s win together at the same time! Share this message for those in need. Until it’s seen by all that read. Dreams do come true!
omg you got no chill sis I love it
Fart in my mouth
10 years of this? Woah I'm so old
This tweet made Sunday on Twitter worth it.
Who would apologize for being shot by the one and only legendary Annie Leibovitz?
Never be sorry about who you really are.
Even if you’re a nasty wh**e like Miley Cyrus.
But when people wear animal fur it’s alright?? 
unapologetic bitch queen 
mayley is coming
ICONIC #10yearsago
SHE CANT BE TAMED
Idk you were 15 though...no child should be sexualized
tell 'em Miley!!!
Is this what your irrelevance has come to?
You are now SAF!! And never need to apologize.
controversial QUEEB
No, she's just an airhead. Whoopee.
Wait since when are we sexualizing backs? There's nothing to see...
since justin said we bringing sexy back.................
A++ gif usage.
tell em sis 
Take a hike pedo
Who cares??
Yep.
ICONIC
Well you were underage. It’s fine if you’re not sorry, but for the adults involved at the time, it was very inappropriate of them to allow it.
iconic
Follow us for update of Miley's charts.
It is so bizarre that you ever had to apologize for this. I can see your parents apologizing, just from a public relations/Disney stand point (not that they had to) but Disney, or whomever, making YOU apologize at 15... that's just craziness.
Iconic
Queen of not giving fucks
we want this personality on M7.

A cute pic. Such a sweet girl. Obviously very talented.
Poor girl, she's surrounded by only idiots who cheer her on.
Ever quicker on her path of destruction.
YAS
Baby I’m sorry, I’m not sorry
yes queen
Yes and you are still acting the fool
Funny that they put one of the offending photos prominently in the newspaper. In hopes of selling newspapers I assume.
@jack time to remove these paid disinformation accounts. This guy receives a salary to use your service to spread disproven propaganda then privately look for funds.. he isn’t even Canadian. I can email you his profile from CSIS if you like.
We've got a live one here.
Another 18 follower troll @TwitterSupport ..
Tell me where you bought yours and I'll get right on it.
I can't see what the "CSIS Agent" says. It blocked me when I made a fool of it.
He's turning his 2000 'followers' on me.
I was dealing with all of MAGA yesterday. Whole lot of muting going on. Hundreds and hundreds of them, as dumb as MakeCanada bullshit guy, just a greater volume
I did a Photography project on this photo! And recreated it 
Why did SHE even have to apologize? 
I’m sorry I’m a 15 yr old girl. My bad.
Miley the 
@HannSid @dommieowen
Idol
You know it girly 
Wbk
She needed an image change and she got it. Her management team knew what they were doing.
You should be, you were underaged and on the Disney channel.
Relevantley strikes again
QUEEN
YES BITCH TELL EM
Iconic
Feel your pain. Some dude took this picture of me as a small child. You can see my little #Jesus and everything. I got the artist back later by making him a crappy easel... My carpentry skills were slightly exaggerated.
Afuckingmen to this
I love you

You were a 15 year-old girl representing Disney as a child star.

You were presenting nudity and sexuality at age 15.

It was inappropriate and reflected poorly on Disney.

Are you advocating for the objectification and sexualization of minors now as you presented in this photo?
You are everywhere arnt you?

@greysobsessedx mdrrrrr tu te souviens ce drama ?
Omggg gt pas au courant
mais enfiiiiin que faisais la Jeseuh de 2008
I'm not IM
#mileycyrus doesn't live by the rules, that's the point 
@iolandapedrosa essa Miley não sente muito
Xoca
The original slut shaming. I really hope this wouldn’t be allowed to happen now.
Nice try. She was 15. That's lesbian pedo logic. Exploit the and tiwst and warp the concept of patriarchy, tell young girls that the world is against them, and that there are no risks involved in this type of activity. I guess you just don't want to adult?
Still ugly 10 years later
Can I just say that that is a very beautiful photo
i liked miley nacked

Don’t mince words.  You need to just say how you really feel. 

I agree though
Dear Miley... 
I Love you! Whatever you do!!
Yas girl 
@vaazzzz aa
JAJSHSHSHHDHSHSUD IMAGINA O QUE DIRIAM AGORA
we stan an unapologetic queen
of course not.. it wasn't your fault.. it was hers...   her job is to SHOCK People.. she did and you had to apologize..
Sweet smiley miley,just ignore the noise by new York post their looking for attention my freind!!
MAYBE SHE SNAPPED
Aloha if like to make a donate to our charity we really appreciate it we spend a lot of on cat food every month to take care of 30+ cats that were abandoned on the dangerous lava highway by cruel people mahalo and have a great weekend
I was nine years old when this happened. I thought it was beautiful then, and I think it’s beautiful now. Nothing to be sorry for!
i.....
TELL EM QUEEN!
Never be. You're forever one of my favourites 
Legend
I LOVE YOU PIBA I LOVE YOU ahre
 that photoshoot was awesome 2013 vma's was bad bt I'm always here for you #smiler
@trpiii
QUEEEEN
Skank
feel old yet
girl, shoulda taken a cue from the best
Hell yeah. You rock and I freakin love it
BITCHLEY IS BACK!
You were 15. So you're good with promoting that.  You know the message that sent.  Many are groomed with photography......escalates from there. Totally understand though , because you're part of the problem .

I fcking love Miley she shouldn’t have had to apologize in the first place unapologetic AF this is a mood

Someone seriously needs to grow up.  I can appreciate Miley’s work, movies/music, however there is nothing attractive about trash.  I realize you have people who probably fall all over themselves to do whatever you need, I’m not that person.  Grow up, be civil, act like a lady!
Where have I seen that back before?
to this day I still don't understand how this was considered "near nude" or "bad".... kids this age and younger were running around with backless halter tops in the 2000s!! That's essentially what this is. Love you Miley!
QUEEN GO OFF you have NOTHING to apologize for and I love you 
OMG If side upper back is 'near-nude' I'm a fckn nudist 
I remember how weirded out I was by this because she was 15 I was like Hannah is naked!
I CANT OMG 
It was so weird! I mean I was so little and it killed my childhood
Miley trying to be controversial and make headlines....tired 
You're team knew what u were doing...
@sofiaselighini adoro
Puta lesbiana de mierda
How about you join a book club instead of shaming and calling people names over the internet
Te hablo en inglés y español
Yo también
“Near-nude” what does that mean
Do you not remember this scandal?! Lol
No I do! It’s just thinking about it now, “near-nude” isn’t really a thing. Plus it was just her back. It was just because she was Hannah and in the spotlight. She shouldn’t have had to apologize.
Yeah it was this big cover thing where she was 15(?) I think and people lost their minds
DRAG THEM QUEEN
@matt_thc
Tell 'em bitch
That's my girl !
For real? Never thought you were 
My queen!! 
Hannah from Montana deeply exposed 10 years ago? Wow! Don’t know what to say, but that’s okay, international Prayer Week ends tonight but Prayer continues on. So nothing to worry about and people wonder why I had not a clue.
never be ashamed ,you're a woman who owns it!
OMGGGGGGGGG
@emfoss1
Such a class act.
EVERY SINGLE LAST PHOTO of this set EXPOSES FACT that @annieleibovitz IS A #PEDOPHILE and @MileyCyrus was GROOMED for #PEDOgate #PizzaGate by @DISNEY handler+photog #TerryRichardson

 “Miley Cyrus withdraws her apology for her 2008 Vanity Fair shoot”
The (main) problem here isn’t the picture, it’s this “f*** you” you just said to a bunch of children who were your fans as Hannah Montana!
@Em_Masonnn why am I in the same mood as miley right now 
https://youtu.be/MTG5TWHJFpM  Hola les invito a escuchar mi nueva cancion Fred Malla #Supernova de Ecuador para el mundo.
YASSSSSS QUEENNNNNNNN
Why should you be sorry when you did nothing wrong??
#NoShame #NoApology
Miley your music is great, don't get caught up in the critics; your music is above critique so shine where the roaches can't bug you.

 
LEGEND
@goddesswhite remember when everyone was losing their shit over this
Wow i just love you
ICONIC
Makes me think of Marie Cassatt (among other painters) that captured bathing women and children of various ages and stages of undress. Our naked bodies aren't just for the male gaze...
you Shouldn’t be sorry 
If @MileyCyrus is your biggest interest, you seriously need a life!
  
@lagunabiotch omg
You never squeaky-clean image wer hat die denn verarscht
ICONIC
Miley Cyrus should do Porn lol
queen of not being sorry
i adore you

I can’t believe people were so offended by your shoulder  you tell em sis
@dana_lourdes
Yaaas baby,you don't have to apologize 
Legend
You’re the only who remembers
i love you so much
#UnPacking
Your Still My Favorite Disney Star
that-a girl my ole maitai is back in the saddle again oh by the way I loved your banana in the tail pipe joke and your easter spead

People still take about this song stealing no talent trash?
You got this girl! 
Awwwww... have we not gotten any attention lately???
Wow I love you
 now that she's grown and savage. She dgaf!
@Cobbz6 
