our open wounds , on all our hurt , anger and resentment..... it was a beautiful day to experience.... that stage had the most incredible view .... felt like I was looking at an infinite rainbow! We’ve definitely felt the rain but the sun is coming out! 
I love this song so much. I love you Miley

@MileyCyrus
I love, love, love this song! 
Roll on blue tide
Wow nice one well done.
Greeeeat
.. Seriously, so refreshing to see this (more-country)side of you Spring forth.. especially for such a pivotal occasion!  ..Is, by far, my favorite song of yours.. and truest testimony for the shear Love of God's Holy Plan & our place within it..! 
I'm glad you found it necessary to be nasty to me on an older retweet. You know nothing about me or what my beliefs are but way to assume there, pal.
Blah blah blah blah!!!
Your song helps me to keep believing in my dream to sing
Congratulations! You have marched against your own rights!
AWESOME
Love you Miley!
L lol l
How about instead of trying to take guns away from law-abiding citizens you teach these kids to stop bullying people teach them that human life matters make them understand their consequences for their actions

Beautiful!
Ok let's get something straight I don't have a gun, but I am still smart enough to know people kill people that a gun is just a method,  if a 16 year old used a car to run over students in the school parking lot would you be asking to ban car's too, stop protesting and grow up.
You wouldn't want a drunk behind the wheel of a car and I don't  want a gun in the hands of criminals and psychosomatic people.

John amen but they don't see truth. Miley would rather dance on stage and masturbate with a big Styrofoam hand

Miley makes me cry and smile at the same time 
Keep up the FIGHT! Godbless!
Very good songs
Get it right Miley.. It's tight fit, not tight ship.. You won't get anywhere with me if you're spouting that unity crap on my watch...
Adults got us into this situation! They raised the next generation and doubting the next generation at the same time. Yes we should protect ourselves but this society AKA people in charge AKA people in office who hired entertainment as a president is the problem
Communists are the problem.
I wouldn’t know a communist if I was hanging out with one. Im from socal in the game of society. How are communist a problem ..?
I love u Miley Cyrus !!!! 
I totally agree. My daughter is a teacher. Time to get rid of assault weapons.
You are so gifted. Would love to hear you sing popular praise music. You would totally rock them!
How real i c
I'll always be so proud of you
Now go into wrecking ball
@tumblraunna love you miley
I LOVE YOU IDOLA
LEGEND
AMAZING
Soo much love from me,MileyCyrus
@mbridges24
what an icon i love her

Now that gave me chills. and tears. 
Queen forever
This is what happens when you don’t spank your kids.
Please continue to support these kids...they need someone like you! #NeverAgain #BanAssaultWeapons
I Love.  
Finally getting clout
Beautiful

Very touching Miley. You are one amazing lady. Watching you grow up has been a real treat. You must of been thru so much. I'm sure your life is far from ordinary. My heart goes out to you I pray for you all the time.
This will forever be my favourite tweet. This song has always been so incredibly special growing up, and you have rekindled that spark to give us hope and support the people need.
My daughter adore you.
reem shahrtik ya nasabe ya sar2a
oh no u didnt!
bada min yizkara amjera men waraki
ana ma badfe yeha thess enne gheyrane menna la2eno ana 3tabarta mesh mawjoude men zamen
Queen!!
We love u Miley
Let's remember that PEACE BEGINS ON OUR PLATE. The animals whose flesh or secretions we eat suffer terribly during unnaturally short lives & tremble & scream in fear & terror as they're brutally murdered to become our food. When we eat them, we consume karmic violence. #GoVegan
I got chills watching this. You are an inspiration!! God bless you!
Guns aren’t the problem!! Ppl are!! If someone wants to kill others they will ALWAYS find a way..
I always loved this song #The climb
I couldn’t finish watching that because I’m already balling my eyes out. This is beautiful.
ICONIC
such a great role model, you must know everything about politics miley
I bet once you posted this you went to meet up with your buddies to do a circle jerk and plan a twisted orgie and I bet your hitting up sex clubs on the weekend. Please your judgement is not taken seriously
Judgment* it’s okay though. Just study your 3rd grade spelling list a little harder next time.
Well I guess I learn something new every day 
Absolutely beautiful

Just about this entire thread is about & or for Miley Cyrus & then there was also "unity." So who&what unity exactly was this gathering for?  
America is one Country but has so many different unity groups & narratives & laws or no laws, dble standards, bias..Who are we? IdThieft?
Love you Miley ! Thank you !
Perfect day... thank you for the cause and your support
So, you all demand more gun control from the same government that knew all about the Florida shooter and did nothing. Excuse me, but your logic entirely eludes me. Also, you already have gun control. Newsflash, it doesn't work when it involves people who don't obey the law...
AMAZING ♡♡♡♡♡
Ultimately we may need a #GeneralStrike like #Solidarity in the 1980s. It works. When the people stand together, we win - #WeAreTheChange!
Goosebumps all the way through  So beautiful @MileyCyrus 
Miley, I have watch you grow from a young girl to the woman you are today and I am so extremely proud of you. You keep standing up for what you believe in.
Yet she goes out with Armed security
@jmarie1223 our girl!
You are a beautiful soul. A BEAUTIFUL soul Miley. Thank you for not only re creating my childhood, but supporting what matters most to me as well.
Wtf is this.
Give it a listen: Lower national legal voting age to sixteen..........
You were AMAZING! Perfect song, perfect march, perfect children!!!! #NeverAgain
Check the murder and crime rates in gun free zones!!! Damn ! Stay in California
I am old & only have heard your music on the periphery of life or on an award shows but I really want to thank you for being there. You have a platform and it was a worthy way to use it.
We need to look at why the shooter did
Shut up Miley
I watch this and it makes me cry because im so proud to be a good person who stands with all these other good people. I wish I could have marched with u all, But im in Oz. Miley THANK YOU 
Goosebumps.
So what is your solution. When we protested back in the 60 we had a cause and a solution. Not sticking our tongue out. If you want to start and run the country great grow up first
My favorite
Ya Miley Cyrus 
That what's up
YOU DID THAT GURL
