The fact that I could adimit too be in love with ur example ur word ur spirit not to hurt to share the conicil I am not embarrassing too ask for as in just seeiminglee asking put of harm's way and still getting ach n breaks just too let u know thank u for lettin me tell u love u
Honey, Jesus Christ still LOVES YOU and is pleading with you daily to COME TO HIM for healing, mercy, forgiveness and TRUE SALVATION FROM SATAN’S POWER over your life. I know about the world you are in-my father WAS a satanist until JESUS GOT AHOLD OF HIS LIFE and SET HIM FREE!
HIT MUNDIAL
Confessing to know love by the way of the spritial conversations u share with me too inhace to love of my relationship and the selflessness to keep the advice on the for of ur core to help thoes that simply love love and I had the selflessness to share with my relationship
Complaints to u as love reached out too u for advice on relationship thought of grow In more innocent of learning how to ask fo help with relationship adimiting in communication with love for help on relationships adimiting by just grace of bein a constant advice as loves remindr

Love u more for not making it about a need or a want to have more than what u give thanks to or who u give thanks for as we have shared a spritial communication that has given me the opportunity to confirm knowing a spritial voice and knowing the selflessness of the physical thax
my dream is sharing my sperme with u..
hhhhhh good
Please have my kids
Put your tongue back in your moth please!  

whoa
I just wanna say that Younger Now album is SOOO MUCH UNDERRATED, it is your best album ever ! @MileyCyrus
Mineisurstherusurus as all mylovei4uyouralwaysharallmeas u1fristas1is the first order in love as u allow me too  love to love u in all way there is to love I married u the first word shared in spirit to Coronation in a physical I only share with u as I know the life ur voice
You look tonguelisious

Proudddd of you mileyyy .hope you noticed me.
I LOVE THIS SONG
Congrats. Its a catchy tune thats for sure :)
NEver, giber up.
Wow kinda been around awhile now for it just to make it to their list.
AMAZING
OMG
ICONIC
Miss this #converseXmiley
The ring is our limit the word is our marriage the word is God the do of u as God 
God do u
@MileyCyrus, Seriously, I wish you would stop sticking out your tongue.  That trend is over.  Besides you are so pretty, seem to have grown up so much, so please keep your tongue in your mouth.
Riding them cowgirl
YASSS
Love it
Congrats Miley  I hope you'll go to Philippines and meet your beloved fans 
So talented and so fuckalicious
fine
Oh my God hot!!

Can I lick the tongue, armpit and...?
YuM!
FADA TE AMI

Bebe
Do you really hate this song?
Go go @MileyCyrus
See thread. https://twitter.com/kuffodog/status/988002691933552640 …
i hope your new music will smash all your haters and give you another #1 on billboard hot 100
We need glory days like the Bangers era
Love you so much Miley 
Good luck 
 My life life life life life life life life life life life life life life life life 
 My Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen 
 My angle angle angle angle angle angle angle angle 
 Miley i love you queen 
 Miley i love you so much babi 
 Miley you my dream you my god 
 Miley you my 1st hope 
 Miley you my angle i love you forever 
 Miley you my Queen i love you so much 
 Miley you my life 
 I love you miley 
 I love you miley 
 I love you miley 
I love you miley 
 I love you 
 My cute princess 
 My Queen 
 My angle 
 My life 
 I love you miley 
 I love you miley 
 I love you miley 
 I love you miley 
 I love you miley 
 I love you miley 
 I love you miley 



I believe in you baby girl you bring happiness in to room
This is my birthday 01-23_62 Miley I'm your biggest fan
You a party in the u,s,a pretty baby I love your smile
Miley girl you. Are so sexy .a voice that's that never get enough .I just can't stop loving you dream girl
E 3grados&&.&,,,,,,d;&
I LOVE YOU @MileyCyrus  
ICONIC SONG
NEW MUSIC PLEASE
CONGRATS BABY
YASSS MAMA
I miss your song and your energy
Miss those .... wonderful
Uhuuuuuu ... É isso aí gata.
u miley ray
Love that tongue girl, you’ve got what every one wants, now knock’em dead. #you’vegotthis
You the genius charming my friend
Hi Miley ! Great  picture and a BIG toung.  Love Ya Miley. Have a GREAT day dear.
Well Hello. 
https://twitter.com/CWairent/status/987500039403724800?s=19 … I need everyone to go vote now for 43south
https://twitter.com/southwairent/status/986629526296854529?s=19 …
MARAVILHOSAAAA
good job,sis.
I love you.
CONGRATSSSSS QUEEN!!!! ilysm 
yee
Beautiful. Good. Great. God Love. You
So cool Miley Thanks for sharing have fun
Yes bitch
Go off sis
XXX
Hola Ariana me no parla ingish bo me wa tiu say me wa love you warry miau miau an miau no wa an wa an me wa me is auways with you i love you an i love you fou ever an ever i love you Ariana  me love you is soup biautiful an miau nice aww an i love you Ariana
auch Miley me wa write you an me wa no me wa write to Ariana bo me wrong ya me wrong bo me love you too an all me write is for you too an your music is soup biutiful too an me love your music miau an miau fou ever an ever i love you Miley  an i love you Miley
Hola Miley en mi cuento te enojaste porque Ariana te regañó , soy feliz al inventar cuentos y dibujos para ustedes te amo te quiero i love you  @PaulMcCartney @BeatlesPeteBest @ArianaGrande PS : i love you Ariana
Congratulations!!!
I LOVE THIS HIT 
CONGRATS BABY
TE AMOOO
YAASSS MAMA
DIAMOND IN THE US @MileyCyrus @RIAA @RCARecords
#MileyIsComing 
Hit 
Congrats 
WE LOVE YOU SO MUCH HERE
Take me, I’m yours
Next one have to be PITUSA  certificate tho
At first glance I thought this was like the silvery blob snake that comes out of Donnie darko
Queen 
cowgirl miley
Hello Miley i past thru voodoo now i Can see thru my eyes when they are close but i see only nacked siluets


See what I have to deal with in 8 months? That's my Walter Wayne
Yeh hah Yip Yip Yipi.............. Ride em Cow Gal!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Minds meld, not bodies. Ours melded before we knew each other. Horrible isn't it?
Love youuuu
Looking beautiful and sexy as ever
How dare you appropriate the Rolling Stones' logo. Tongue, the Next Generation? Now all you have to do is parody one of their songs.
wow might''
You are gorgeous always great to watching you
So proud of you!!!!! I love you forever 
@julzbaldonado hihihihi
Yaaaaas! 
Then You Should Makes another hits babe
MILEY #1
Congrats 
The origin of Jesus Christ: Zeus Krishna = Hesus Krishna = Jesus Christ, originated from Constantine the Great.
Zeus from Greek Myhtology, 
Krishna – is the god of the Hindu faith
Christendom just follow traditions without researching the truth
Creator’s name is NOT Yah, NOT Elohim, NOT Allahim, El or Allah,NOT God, NOT Jesus or Christ, NOT Lord (which means Baal).
HIS name is YAHUAH, derived from the four letters given to Moses as HIS name. Verify with Bible translators.
A saint is a person sealed (indwelt) by the Holy Spirit, Ruach HaKodesh by accepting Yahusha as his Savior for the glory of YAHUAH. Pray unceasingly ONLY to YAHUAH and not to God. It is only then you can be holy.  God NOT HIS name.  His name is YAHUAH.  HIS Son's name is Yahusha.
xalut

3 in a row, I get ALL the exposure! Let me out and good things happen!
Yes
Wow stunning
aaaaaaa
Yea , yea 
Congratulations
Beautiful Cool Perfect Sexy Hot
Um sorriso lindo
My super star
You’re certified gorgeous! 
damn, Miley, you really know how to turn your success into triumph! you can swank about it! now, #PartyInTheUsa is still an huge hit for you! more than ever!  #MileyCyrus
You wanna a  for that. Waiting for triple 
So proud... 
We need a Tour babe 
Yaaas
Congratulascion miley

Ícone platinada

Wow. Awesome ! @JessieJ ! Xx
Wow
love the uk flag
Why you always sticking oit your tongue? Just wondering...
Omg I'm such a fan I can't even rn this is too much
BUY THE DIAMOND ONE UGH
Hellllls yea! Boom! 
Congrats Miley! Well deserved! Keep rocking Miles!! Love youuu <3
That is a bloody good song !!
Amore miley god morning
Goddanget.Goddanget imfeelin myself.
Well same with miley
You definitely look cute
But not so innocent
we miss you baby girl
Love your toungue
Congrats queen . Well deserved 
você é meu tudinho anjo
eu te amo muito minha bb 
Congrats Miley   IlY soooo much 
Hell yehhhhh 
Please release nightmare as a single
I'll write for song from sleeping big to an r.v

Yo... why you crazy again???
