eu
Love you!!
Nice lovey

Still sexy
Whoa Miley those are nice! Wait I was talking about your eye's.

Hey
IDOLA
U look  funny
You're so cute baby love you 
No matter how u change ur face u still luk beautiful.
Not even face-cream can dull your beauty Smiley Miley! You beautiful southern belle!
nice ausauble color
Ahja! lyric about pippikakkabeauties hé
Cute LOL... nice rob
Awesome miley!
Will you be my girl friend?
Doll face @mileycyrus
Tell me you love me c*ralh*.
hinooooo
Mas a fada sempre cuidou da cutis de anjo dela, ta mais pra era Bangerz mesmo já que na era Dead Petz ela nem tomava banho
Mas ela ta usando ouro amigo, na era Dead Petz ela só usava fungos, aquela Miley tá morta (eu espero que esteja se não eu saio da fanbase)

@MileyCyrus decided not to go on NBC's the Voice cause your not on it anymore. #TheMileyVoice
guapa como siempre
Sexy
I spie a fish on the rope on the lefty @mileycyrus
send me that song wreaking ball but lyrics













Beautiful
ME ENCANTAS
Is miley still vegan? If so what mask is that

Ily miley
bota reboco de massa currida
We like Miley Cyrus's fashion-forward and really hip just respect for elders to in an artwork everyday like kindergarten when you finger paint @BTWFoundation  @ladygaga @Oprah @DollyParton   you don't need money to create art just pink in a brush
Babe you look great but go to the studio and create a bangerz 2.0, please, thanks
#datenightwithTanK
Voodoo
Meaning? What
What’s the point of this ?
Hi
@aliceramona this is you
Lengüeta

Hi
ti sono cresciute le tette

I love you 
Boobs
Small boobs.
You are beautiful without cream.
loving the hair makeover baby boo
wipe that sour cream off your face and put some on me because bitch i'm always pampering myself
Sieht gut aus
Looks great 
Love it Miley and love u love mags
Always
Mask it Miley!
a ti te hicieron lo mismo?
You getting married this weekend?

Can I join ?! I really need #MeTime and to pamper MySELF ! 
If there is a happy ending why not 
Beautiful
OOooooh yeah, daddy likes a good pampering!


So hott!
I LOVE YOU MOM
PRETTY GIRL
#gorgeous 
TE AMOOO
LOOK AMAZING
That girl Miley
Beautiful
Appealing but nah i dont htink so
Chyea chyea
“She didn't care that people called her a bitch. 'It's just another word for feminist,' she told me with pride.”
Yeah i got to catch one of you disney/hollywood girls... It's my whimsy. ;P
Your so naughty lol tease but I love crazy x
queen

You are so cute
You’re even cute like that lol
For someone who is well known you sure are starved for attention
You can literally pull off anything. #beautiful
oops
https://youtu.be/QYM2LlJNIW8   ( Full Video here ) I made a new video for @MileyCyrus - Ain't Worried About !
Like and subscribe please! Can you help me?
  Retweet plese! LoVe You Guys 

@gypsyhearttour @MileyOnChart
  @Mcexclusives01 @chartsmcyrus
 that robe! As always Miley’s lookin good and having fun! That’s why I love keeping up on Miley 
Yes you supposed to
Same, to you!
I love it  miley
Uh  ich schwitze puh
Or we could pamper you. Right in our own home #welovemiley #mobilemassage #bodyscrub #stretching #relax
i love u my queen 
Beautiful khoshgele HAPPY NEW YEAR SHOD. Love you boos boos
ok send me tweet
good idea, don't worry you'll be pleased, i know i am.. why all this? if it weren't for a reason.
What a tease
I just love how your you! Its pretty legit! I miss you on The Voice!  You were such a great coach! I still check your twitter to see how you are!!!! @MileyCyrus
cool
Am available my dia

Im not always lucky but may God make me that Lucky one someday
Nobody cares about you!
Que rica  lenguita
What’s the mask you use? Your skin looks so good!! . 

I like that pink picture.


Only if you can afford to
Definitely date with u miley ,,ur tongue my tongue ..please all my holly wood friends appear .
You're so perfect to me in so many ways love keep shining 
Woow Nice
Coming fix the date
Hahaha
So amazing

No mames que hermosa mujer pura cosa bella  

Um spooooooky...... 
SO PRETTY♡♡♡♡
nice cleavage, Miley! VERY nice!
Yikes
Missing you on the Voice 
ily mom
olha essas tetas 
"nothing like a good massage!"
.....wow
cutieee
I love it 
Always stayin sexy #StayingSexy
Scorching Hot hahaha
Yasss queen, we all need some me time
Slay
Babe

Copy cat
OMG DATE NIGHT WITH YOU, please tell me how. I think the pampering I would get is the pampering I would give you! And I meen that in the most respectable manner! This I no will never happen,but if one never dreamed of foot massages and back massages and painting ur toenails......
Mamasita divina
Date night with me baby

So pretty lol 
Hey girl wat up
Lmao.
You still look gorgeous Miles! And I love the Miley necklace, it looks so pretty. Enjoy your #DateNightWithMe
TE AMO
Did you just get up my dear?

I love you 
Love the mask
I’m doing the same, @MileyCyrus Self-love is the best! Love you! 
A Ghost!
Can’t help but live ya. Miss you on The Voice!!
Honestly wondering what face masks you use.
iai vamo fzr um ft.
Jaja orales que guapa
I have a pic of Miley when she was 8 years old singing with her daddy when she first started singing , I went to his concert
https://www.gofundme.com/59s0mog                                                This is not spam I just want to help my fur baby
Cleavage, but so what. Nipples ... OK I can live with that. You’re definitely too complicated and ....
Mily  Cyrus  u are to cool for making that Jordan's on  my foot
Hey girl hey, thinking it's the same family line, but I think you're related to Lon Chaney...ask your dad!!
