thxs
This should not be at this event .....
@davidhogg111 What David Hogg should be worried about is the 2000 students in Brevard Cty convicted of rapes, gun violations, murder etc under Obama’s Promise Program like Cruz being sought by the police to get them back in the schools!  That would scare the crap out me
Well done Miley! Love (X)
Ily Queen Milegend
I'm happy for you 
NAG Nuns Against Guns
#MarchForOurLives
Columbus Ohio
I can’t gooo but please tell me that are live cause if they aren’t I’m gonna cry
Will u sing morrow

we been coming
I can't...
I-
I don't know what is the meanig of i-
MILEY CAN I GET YOUR NUMBER
YASSSS

I LOVE U
AMAZING
YASSSS
In heart n prayers
Take Justin with you Mile!!!! 
Ware do we March I'm in Dallas can I just walk, cause I do have a messed up leg all that heavy stomping my mess it up more so can I just walk much love and support to you

Morning Miley love
Tell me more about that
GOOD MORNING MILEY 

I’m all the way in WA :/
I wish :((
School Slogan : "Say yes to gum, and no to guns!!!!"
Is it Football season yet ?? 
ok
over
I had joined... But isnt in my near by whatever a City is... america is the Best public state. I'm such sared / and sad about it :/ I wish I could be there for this big event. Wish all you the best they can joined too w/ out mee #strong #MarchForOurLives  # #
I love you 

AR time
love uuu
flouride causes apathy
Lol no thank you. I love the constitution INCLUDING the 2nd amendment.

te amo
i love uu
ok bb
When are you coming to Dubai !!! 
I AM SO PROUD OF YOU
Anything around Los Angeles? For you I will attend one near by. I am staying in a homeless shelter at 3804 South Broadway Pl. In Historic South Central  Los Angeles,CA. I want to believe that America will be brought back to the Root of The History of the Formation of a Nation.XO

love yoooou
Queen 
Please bring this to the UK 
Thank you!  #MarchForOurLives #NeverAgain
I WILL!!!!

Queen of marching
queen
Miley Ray Cyrus さん

　Be there!!!

Thank you very much.
You inspire people day in and day out you’re an amazing person 
Proud of the one and only queen thanks for protecting are schools
brazil loves you so much babie
ILL BE SUPPORTING FROM CANADA QUEEN
When I march for my life it usually involves a uniform and a ruck sack, in 110 degree heat....
hey babie
i can’t im from brazil :( but if u buy me a flight i would def go
queen brazil loves u
notice me queen
i love you
love you queen
SO PROUD OF YOU
i love you
Hi baby
Queen
