Queens we stan 
Too awesome and amazing women
Here's a gift from me → https://vk.cc/7YpOK5?mileyd744 …
#PredictionsAbout_SaintRampalJi 
Must know
Who is supreme God/Allah?
Which form exists?
http://Supremegod.org 
omg you’re working so hard lately. you’re coming for blood
@MileyCyrus collab with Ariana
finalmente o feat do milênio
I hope that means you two were in the studio
Look above miley.. literally a recording booth lol
Lmaooo I thought it was a record player and kept moving
Follow Us for  of charts by Miley Cyrus

I think you know what are you saying
M7 is coming 
queens
record a song with ariana
Ok they are coming
OK this is another sign of collab
m7 is coming
QUEENS COMING FOR BLOOD
collab with @ArianaGrande 
Love these 2!
legendary
BITCH IS A COLLAB COMING
Y'ALL BITCHES BETTER BE COOKING UP SOMETHING IN THE STUDIO I SWEAR TO GOD I'M READY TO HAVE MY WIG INCINERATED AKJSDFHASKD
#MAYley #MileyIsComing

QUEENS
@soofivillanueva 
I want a colab, it would be LIT
M7 is coming y'all !!!!!
Yass we need that collab . Im so happy love ya 
You been spending a lot of time in the studio lately 
pls collab
M7 IS COMING
Well im ready to play the 6as long as they understand they may reach 9 first.
Hey twitch im getting some gruff, that there going to force paris hilton to start having tatooes so no man wants ya'll.
Use it!
@ mileycyrus this Steve how was your day my day wasn' bad I'm bought reaplumingdy to set shower pluming  wasent wrong wasent wright show I to go under house to look at pluming well got to go Like one closed tounge sticking out that cute
M7 IS COMING
I love uuuuu
Hey how are you

Your tattoos look “white trash”-y
omg M7 is coming,wig
omg can we expect R&B sounds from your new album?
Love you queen 
don't sully that word.
M7????
Queens! We Stan 
Release new music
ilysm 
queen of pop
Yeah!!! 
PLEASE COLLAB
We need collab with Ariana Grande and Justin Bieber and card B and Katy Perry
I love you together 
We're ready!
Please collab 
Last night w big sis was LIT @aliciakeys TYPE BEAT
Spurs announce that Gregg Popovich's wife, Erin, passed away today. TYPE BEAT 
The best!
Omg at a glance thought this was @maddieziegler hahhaha.... Stop drinking its 3am in Australia!!
I love us
Pueden hacer un geaaat
That would be us if you would be my friend
MILEY COLLAB FOR M7 !!! Please 
COLLAB !!!! 
HIDE YOUR FAVES

Can’t wait for this #converseXmiley

Posed
I love you miley and alice 
Just saying Happy Sunday Goddessday may each day u b minded of ur success as God as God is love praising life peace n love
COLLAB QUEENS @MileyCyrus @aliciakeys 
HERMOSAS
Miley girl u are the best
New music ? Say whaaaaat
7hi lady's good day lv ya
Can you both read my daughter's gofund me story? And if possible can you share it if you feel comfortable supporting her? She's trying to raise enough money to go to Grambling State university!
We want a feat #MayLey
You Ladies Rock 
so great seeing you both together again, Miley! you and Alicia definitively rule and are huge worldwide superstars!  #MileyCyrus #AliciaKeys
I love u miley
Queens 
Timbe table i just left ya'll, and i they dont seem to understand they wallked in on two informed women, and couldnt be by there side to prevent it, just to except it knowing atleast of one of us is getting some.
I noticed the change in you, i just didnt a friend that caused a problem you where okay with, that ya'll where completely prepared with the vision i had, that you would be forced to due so your career would continnue, and i instantly knew the feeling i had was correct on the-
You know it says inking ones body is a sin, but decrative art is allowed. Ya your tat's are noicy, but some things taste better if there agaed for a while okay.
Your good A.
 cardi b

I LOVE YOU SO MUCH BABE
Strong women's......with strategy,!!!!!#
After President Donald Trump and President Kanye West, you and her should run!
Aaaaa
Play the songs for her
@normannieva 
iiioi
thanks, for listen[er]ing. ;)
so cute
best
















I love you miley 
I love you miley 
I love you miley 
I love you miley 
I love you miley 
I love you miley 
I love you miley 
I love you miley 
I love you miley 
I love you miley 
Miley you my life 
Miley you my life 
I love you 
COLLAB PLEASE
Two beauties together, beauty over load, #twomuch
Waw
Beijinhos  beijinhos
Wow love you both xoxo
Okay turn up
100
Love you both! Yes you two make a power couple as far as working and collaborating with one another to help people reach for the stars  and make their dreams come true. You both have an amazing stage presence and you rock! Go head with your bad selves 
great work girl that's what we call girl power
みむ
た
Marry me
that will be fantastic and I really love to see the collaboration
Good Good
Alicia .....here shz so changed ....love u all @MileyCyrus n @aliciakeys
I missed seeing you both in the show 

I LOVES YOU
LAS AMOOO
QUEENS
COLLAB
wow you look pretty
You are more beautiful!! I love you
Whooo curious what you guys has made
I love their bond!!
Collab #MC7
Hello
Hey
Sister love
Good job miley
teamo
rainhas
Help Puerto Rico Rise up
meus amô
Yaaaazzzzz
glow red mud cricket im not loving it but ill dop init joe life fuck off prick in my pocket poker i said ill dropem 523 im drop that my kid u sold fucks ill kill u kick ur azztechs till 9 thats what ur looking 4 enjoy x4 36 at y3 suckit i dont need 2 fuck  it
mmmkkk life life life pie sguerd up but the young buck wont let go who who gage thhe sittuation i know 2 more years rigjt but ive laid 24 8x3 then 1 phone call two ppics see all this times vine rails not changing the star of life route 50 back it up 6point only 1 q
Love it
M7 collab???
You go Girl.  Love Ya Miley !!!
Waiting for you both. Collab pls.....

The queens and legends

You both oughta be ashamed of yourselves. Miley you're a grown woman quit dressing like a street walker on stage.
Yasss queens  We better be getting a collab!!! 
queens coming for blood

Rock out y'all totally cute picture!!
Very sweet ..  yust have fun... enjoy every day..   chill...dance. ..sing....live the life you love....kiss ya my SISTERS 
QUEENS
Love you ladies
Who won??..lol... looks like fun..ILU
This pic gives me all the love 
quero um feat
Cool
i love uu
te amo
release new song pls
collab
# b
Trump 2020
You are the best Miley-
THIS IS THE ALBUM OF THE MILLENIUM!!!!!!

COLLABBBB
YES 
Did you guys ea


