AMAZING
No atomic bombs. They do not exist for nations with accidental torture because I'm big. I take The Duke. Thank you. Thank you very much. 
It's December 6th and you are on the USS Arizona. I suggest rush shipping as it is now every American's obligation to order an AR-15. #USA
You don't get enough credit for all the good you actually do. Thank you for always speaking out on things that matter and for trying to help better our nation/world. 
What happened to leaving the country. Bwahaaahaaa Bwahaaahaaa
Wow so threatening and persuasive
Just a question from a friend, how much do you spend daily for your paint and putty make up?
Booooo to banning assault rifles. How many people really think that guns are the problem? People are the problem #AssaultRiflesMatter
Lol Miley Cyrus’s page prob not the best place for gun control convo Lolol. But what the fuck @tariqnasheed brought me here so I’m just as retarded.
"youth of a nation" track by POD inspires my faith in America's youth, the ability to enacted change once the real giant awakes!
YESSS
TE AMOOO
Stop drugs first! Fine all those who attack 2A rights. Determine if enemy agents an need sent to Gitmo! Teach kids to respect people an rights! Make sure movie n TV stars let kids know action flicks are entertainment an not meant to glamorize gun violence!

@YoucefB90185829 @TwitterMoments
 Quran Allah Akbar Islam Quran beautiful Happy Peace
Is Allah here happy I'm not lier here Quran true right
I'm a big fan (a punter!) but how you redesigned yourself..WOW! - please do a Sci fi movie, I've developed  a concept.*donation?
Americans have the right to bare arms although an armoury would be the place to keep them & learn how to respect their usage.
people killed before guns, guns just make it easy  by allowing an emotional detachment when functionality of application occurs.
Assault weapons are already banned. An AR-15 isn’t an assault rifle. It stands for Armalite
easy said, not easy done too.
Boy y'all are some kind of stupid.
And may I ask by what you mean with demilitarize law enforcement? Sincerely the Child of a cop who risked his life for all including your family and fans

Do what you're best at: smoke weed, stick your tongue out, dry hump people, and swallow Molly.  Leave politics alone.
http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/TheLastOfTheseIsNotLikeTheOthers …
you forgot 6. Don't believe everything you hear.

Miley Cyrus sued by Jamaican artist for stealing 'We Cant Stop' https://susanorji.blog/2018/03/13/miley-cyrus-sued-by-jamaican-artist-for-stealing-we-cant-stop/ … via @suzdick
You won't get any of those things, ever. @NRA @NRATV
ps:- donation of my concept to you is my offer. I'd love to see you perform & own an action Sci fi horror comedy romance role!
the Australian Federal Police since it's start  have NOT been accused of one firearm misuse. (worlds best [training] practice?)
uh you are not supposed to be an american citizen anymore so the US congress really is NOT SUPPOSED to be there for u anymore.
Can we also call on Congress to stop the murder of infants in the Womb, the sexual exploitation of children by Hollywood movie and music Directors, Producers and Actors, especially indicting Charlie Sheen please!
I never give ours career your amazing baby love you so much
Well overdue....
Of course you will lead by example by getting rid of your armed security and gated property. 
The status of ‘public health crisis’ has never effected anything in a positive way. You can’t define assault weapons because that’s an arbitrary concept. You mean to say, “automatic,” which are already banned. Passing that act only puts children at risk, according to the FACTS.
Furthermore, you want to protect children and demilitarize the police. Let’s unpack that: It was the FBI and police departments in Parkland that failed. Deputies including the female deputy who was first on the scene stood down and did nothing. If anything, we should be expanding
our police forces to protect children. Also, let’s cut the crap and stop sending out female officers to active crime scenes. The numbers don’t lie on this one. So, in short, you have no argument, you know nothing, and you don’t care about kids. Now go dry hump the stage for kids.
Loving you even more for aligning with this cause
I was part of the protest at my school. I wish the world was a better place to be in. We can't stop evil things/people, but we can be good examples of what goodness looks like. That's the only we can do.
Drugs kill more people than guns.
Well said, Miles! Follow we smart Aussies Down Under! We’ve got it right 
shut up
Guess I'm forced to follow you, lead the way.
#WakeUp
stop stealing people's songs! if you not good enough to write your own, RETIRE!
Dude ain't none of your concern you ain't got nothing better to do, Milie don't pay no mind to him he is the jealous type,
SHE IS A NASTY HACK WITH NO TALENT! obsessed much?
jaiaanak kbddosja ka
Kdjejowjw
Hi @MileyCyrus my name is Courtney , huge fan of yours since day one , we talked on YouTube back in 2013 and it would mean the world to me if you could follow me back on Twitter. I am so proud of everything you stand for and I'm always toning to support you. 
I love you so much 
They are not going to do anything until they are voted out of office , support the Professional and Business Womens Foundation to do so .
if the current congress dont pass this! in november we will elect a congress who will!
gun crime has dropped steadily over the last 2 decades so how can it be declared a health crisis.  You of all people should be screaming from the bully pulpit about the opioid addiction as a health crisis.  guns are not your issue.
move like you said you was . if you don't like freedom . if you give up freedom for security you deserve neither . we all want the violence to stop but punishing the law abiding citizens for nut jobs and the fbi and cops and kids that know that kid in fl was a psycho is b.s
I want to ask you for help. I am your fan and I admire you and I know you are a good person to see if I can achieve a house. la.calle and
Hello, maley ray, today is February 14th and I am whinney, a young woman from Venezuela and I want to ask you for help.
Thank you Miley, for being there to praise and stand up with these young people so there voices are heard loudly!!!
#NoMoreGuns #WeDontNeedGuns
Thanks Miley.
Makes you long for the good ole days. When playing hookey, passing notes, and falling asleep in class are what teachers and parents would worry about.
Absolutely! I agree Miley! Things got to change!!  This has happened way too much ... to innocent children!!!! They should not have to fear school!! It’s such a terrible thing that they have to go through this, some so young! My heart hurts for all of them & I know u must feel it
Hey Miley. Have you tried #Skoobing? It's totally ridiculous, but actually works. Check out our pinned tweet to try it.
I LOVE YOU MILEY
YESSS
AMAZING
MY QUEEN
Ídola
And let's ask banks to stop financing assault weapon manufacturers

Well said Miley! Love (X)
Olá Cyrus god naight
congress is crucial miley baby girl
man i thought highscool sucked now it really suc
You are the peace in this world 
Canada waits for you
Every bit of what you said here is STUPID!!! The violence at these schools is not because of any weapon. It's the violence that kids learn from video games and the fact that kids today have NOT been taught any kind of respect.
I'm starting to like your look, more heterosexual woman looking. You look beautiful like that. Congrats.
so proud of you! 
How bout no
Guns creates distances between people and failing interaction means less social knowledge. Their for defense against attack not to enforce power.
Do this
I think my house is sinking. It wouldn't be long and I won't be able to see out the windows

mostrare tette culi e tope
Ban high capacity magazines? How are law abiding citizens going to carry their handgun to protect themselves? In a situation where you have to defend yourself you will most likely need as many bullets as you can carry in a magazine.
How many armed guards do you employ?
We proud of you 
Good job miley 
Stick to what you call singing
You are gorgeous Miley
We are going to support u in everything bc we love u baby boo
We love u so much
Ur the best
Yas girl
ok

Your better off staying out of the disarming America controversy...guns dont kill...bullying does...fact.
Enough is enough  @MileyCyrus
I do not agree with the gun ban we’re going to end up taking half of the guns that aren’t even assault weapons and please don’t attack me on here ,And yes there are guns in my home my husband is an avid hunter but honestly some of his guns would be scooped up in this
I agree with you, and normal people that carry pistols to protect themselves in bad neighborhoods or in general would be disarmed and left at the mercy of criminals.
Best keep it on
Please don’t blame guns on poor parenting and bad people! It’s a society issue not a gun issue.
glad to see you involved luv!
Yah so all the us can be just like Chicago
когда уже конверсы выйдут?
I have a question:  There are some very strong gun laws in parts of this country.  Where are they working? and why?

You are my queen forever
Good luck on the last one.... cause it won't happen
e o processo, tá bem amada?
love you
We need to start somewhere, stricter background checks for ever type of gun purchase needs to happen and people also need to start paying attention to those around us and taking threats seriously. Maybe a psych exam for all students should be mandatory or even all gun buyers.
Hi
“Assault weapons” are already banned.  Everything else is good here
Is it @NFL season yet ??
@MileyCyrus we live in a country where people care too much about their guns and our government cares too much about money. Banning any type of gun right now is unrealistic.
Hey moon
Hell yeah, #EnoughIsEnough all this gun violence is just sickening! It’s got to stop!
Demilitarize law enforcement? Nice sneak in there you fucking idiot
Proof, people do not pay attention.
Ttt
Suck my vegana
You're the one who is an inspiration in my whole and life thank you for being you 
WE ARE CALLING THE CONGRESS TO TYPE BEAT
Or just down right ban them.
Good luck.
I love u, so proud of who u areeeee!!!! Come to Brazil 

#TweetMiley
Smily..miley..
You are gorgeous Miley
i love you so much bb
I love you 
COME TO ARGENTINA

Love u 
I love youuuu
I love you
