
So when is the #MarchAgainstBullying ?
When is the march against the massive over use of psychotropic drugs that happens to coincide with the rise of school shootings?
THIS
Say no to guns. We run guns, guns don't run we.
And Obama and Miley have armed security.  #hypocrites
Students exercising first amendment freedom of speech by walking out more present in democracy than absent from school. Thank you Miley for planning to march with these kids March 24th in our nation's capital.
Miley will be there with her armed security because she is a #LiberalHypocrite
No she doesn’t trumpie
TE AMOOO
GUNS ARE what protect kids

dont blame people who are armed, just because VICTIMS were UNarmed.
Cv
I'm with you baby love u 

I am going to support you about this Lawsuit and especially those Bullies who is saying something to you about this song
Today we need a CHANGE so this never happens again. My name is Ayel & like you, I have a voice. I know, I can & I will make a difference in the world. My #sunnyseats are just one of my many projects. #neverforget #March4OurLives #ParklandStrong @MileyCyrus #sunnyseatmovement
My #sunnyseats will be donated to #MSD. 17 #sunnyseats to honor the 17 lives lost with 17 hearts. My goal is to start a sunny seat movement. I want at least one chair in every school so no one will ever forget #neverforget #parklandstrong For more info http://gf.me/u/hgvz7d 
My goal is to start a #sunnyseatmovement so every school has at least one if not more #sunnyseats to #neverforget. Are YOU with me? #parklandstrong #MarchForOurLives
What power ? They don't have any! They're "kids" NOT legislators!! They have a voice but it's a voice ONLY! N any adult who allows them to fight their battles 4them knowing that, Inc u, is sadly exploiting them!!

It's so sad that we even had to say this, that some people are so emotionally bankrupt, that this protest was even necessary.
OMG
We could literally protect schools with armed security Natalie 
Parkland had armed security. did not help.
Yes and they didn’t do their job. Security is meant to protect not hide behind their car. Security will absolutely help as long as they’re not cowards like that cop was. Nobody helps if they don’t do their job. And we also need more than one security guard per school.

He wasn’t doing his job . Obviously it’s not gonna work if you hide be hind a car
So how many children would have to die because armed security did not help/ got killed/ not able to get there in time.
Would you rather wait 5 minutes for a man with a gun to get there and protect you or already have a man with a gun there to protect you as soon as the shooter comes on campus?
Or we could just you know enact gun control, something that we know works.
Remember: these kids can & will vote & (if they’re under 18  themselves) have parents, grandparents, siblings, cousins, aunts,  uncles, step parents, teachers, therapists, friends, coaches, tutors,  counselors, bosses & neighbors & WE ALL VOTE. So ignore them at  your own risk.
No cause they don't vote.
Why in the world would they protect guns. Now that’s weird.. I wonder where the world is heading. May God protect us all.
AMAZING 
#YoungLivesMatter
Not guns and not violence at the schools.
Not guns and not violence at the schools.

@mileycyrus i love you
Shouldn't you be attending #NationalTwerkOutDay ?
If you want to really protect kids from mass shootings you teach them not to bully an push kids over the edge. The walkout shows just how bad bullying is an why more kids commit suicide each year cause of it than the mass shootings.
AMAZING
@MileyCyrus when U can prove to me a gun shot someone by itself without any help from the person holding it...i’ll support “gun control”.  Until then...why don’t U think about blaming whose really at fault?  The person not the gun.
These are the type of students that are trying to change our laws. #Snowflakes
Absolutely Miley. There voices need to be heard. They are our future. Some of them are a lot smarter than the polititions.  They have common sense.
When did they have power to take back!!
m,...,,,mmm.m?.…/!!..!¡!!……?…….……/….q
You should be ashamed. #walkupnotout
Why should she be ashamed?
This is clearly not organized by students and smells of politics using students as pawns for their agenda.Check out #WalkUp
https://paypal.me/pools/c/82gXlri7hl …
Everyone can follow me @Oshh_05
You simple minded, no talent twit.
Uhmmmm, kids under the age of 18 have no power, they can't vote. Miley, we know you are smart to some extent, so why do you post stupid statements like that? We all hear them, it's all noise. @NRA @NRATV
Its my first day on twitter so can you plz follow me
Cut the crap.  If you really cared about kids, you would be a better role model.
Celebrities weighing in is going to do nothing but make people shy away from the cause. Americans are fed up with celebrities lecturing and forcing their opinions on us. How have you self important narcissists not figured that out yet?
Make it happen. Enough is enough..
More kids die from texting and driving then do in school shootings. I haven't seen anybody protests over that they just allow it
Young people take back their power??? What the hell does that even mean? Who took their power? Who gave them the power in the first place? Who took the adult's power and gave it to the kids? What an idiot celeb elitist. Make music, at least you can do that... sort of...
Can organize national protests, receive $500,000 cash from nowhere to fund these activities. Hit every talking point every Anti-Gun protester has been saying all along and yet.....Can’t pass Math, Science, English, PE, or Reading.  These aren’t students doing this #LIES #BULLSHIT
Guns aren't the ones making people feel little an shamed people!!! Hey guess what some deal with shit different!! Some wipe there ass an some don't!!!?
Okay but who is protecting our kids from the other kids!! The main reason why people are loosing it in the first place!!! Still blamng guns when guns aren't the reason why he done what he done!!! Damn shame nobody is saying anything about that!!!! #cantblameguns
Take back their power? That's idiotic. No one took their power. Many were made to do this by schools and teachers.
Walk up not out
Yeah, she seems very authentic.
Kua hall ha janaabka
seriously?

Read a history book! Getting children to protest guns is how Communism starts and how millions of people get exterminated!!
Gotcha!
Wapens zijn niet de oplossing
Just another excuse to skip school,Didnt those liberal parents do a fine job........
Hello how are you
I LOVE YOU MILEY
NEW MUSIC PLEASE @MileyCyrus 
YESSSS MILEY
OMG
te amo 
Where were u when obama was in the office?

Question

This also coming from someone that can afford armed guards - what do the rest of us do? Wait for the police to show up after it's too late or rely on a system that doesn't work?
Truly clueless. The same people that claim the government is tyrannical, but we should ban guns all in the same sentence. If you have no guns to protect yourself, who do you rely on? The sheriff & deputies that refused to go inside? Or the FBI that didn't do anything?
vinny why should a kid even own w gun? thats like handing a chainsaw to a baby you dickhead
thats terrifying your mental health care is already a sham no need to add to it by forcing anxiety on every poor kid, if i was in your country id refuse to go to school with that sort of enviroment
if theres somebody in the same area as me with a gun, a vile man-made object that can kill somebody instantly yes vinny. yes id be fuxking afraid. just like any other sane human u idiot
the alternative is banning fucking guns you lunatic
You're a fraud.
These kids are the same ones that are dying on the roads because of texting and driving. Why don't they ban the phones too! 
But they walked out to support taking their power away. Trump is a NAZI right? They only want the NAZIs to have the guns?

Genius!
This is my school! Had about 250 kids outside yarmouth high school this morning. Thanks for your support 
Nobody cares.
Miley,it’s the tipping point. We need gun reform now. Ban assault rifle.please write a song about all this. Sandy from Pennsylvania.
Assault rifles are already banned. My god turn off your TV.
Make sure Miley that you give all of your armed bodyguards and you'll never use them again.
Write them a song, Miley, write them a song
Go to rehab.
love me
i love you
Ummm what power? There are not even protesting why this tragedy really happened
What power?  They don't have any.  They were told when how where & how many minutes.  Just shows you're still immature too!
I love you
Hey Miley your gorgeous!
I with u miles
Was so hoping you wouldn’t delete your account. Help these young people by raising your voice. Help show them the way. Keep the conversation going Miley. This grandma thinks you’re the best!!
Prava promjena će biti kad se ja pojavim,sve dobro
Love u queen 
Not guns and not violence at the schools.
*TAKE ACTION*
Get in direct contact with your representatives with the number 
1 (844) 872-0234
Spread the message, call them during #StudentWalkout!
MAKE YOUR VOICE HEARD
RT if you called
#NeverAgain #WalkoutWednesday
#GunReformNow
https://www.atf.gov/firearms/docs/4473-part-1-firearms-transaction-record-over-counter-atf-form-53009/download …

It is a felony to lie on this; how often do you think people who DO lie are prosecuted? If people could get behind a worthwhile cause, like exempting mental health from privacy laws, and forcing all states to report data to NICS, you might have a chance.
luv yr wreckg ball vid!!! #TwerkIt
Blog post
What power are these children taking back? Had we previously granted children more power. Your political rhetoric is more ubiquitous and nonsensical than your lyrics.
How are they USING this power, to skip class and lay on the ground.
https://soundcloud.com/tmacgoat/outputfile-5mp4 …
We proud of you
Good job miley
Go away.... #HolyCrapola
People like you make me sick
So are this concerned when @PPFA aborts babies with down syndrome or are you supportive killing of all babies/children
I am very hopeful that this younger generation of Americans will be the ones to lead us All back to a place of sanity, safety and social change.
They are going to lead us back into slavery by the government or The Hunger Games
Ok just look at history the last time kids, useful idiots, whatever got the government to confiscated guns and yes that is what they want
we all experienced it when a star rocked naked on a demolition pear the years is discussed .... when a teenager goes to school and kills 10 people you forget that after two weeks again
any reason to skip school


Here's how U.S. gun restrictions stack up to the rest of the world. 
They will probably bully the next one
Is it @NFL season yet ??
They need guns to protect them just like you and all the swamp that think you deserve body guards with guns. So do our kids.
Have a pizza and go away silly cyrus.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-VfvKYErE-g&t=8s … #NeverAgain #MarchForOurLives #Enoughwalkout
They have no power because they have no capital. Let's be real.
@MileyCyrus If you’re old enough to be shot and killed by a gun, then you are old enough to have a voice, stand up, and speak out about gun safety.
U are the problem dam snowflakes
I agree
Agree with what? Name the law that will stop it. Maybe we should have a death penalty for murder. Oh wait....

Name your law. Now watch......
Did your security team give up their guns?
Why do you ask that question? What does one thing have to do with the other?
Because if I shouldnt be allowed to own a gun neither should her security team.  Both are connected or do you believe moron celebrities should be protected?

Good for them it’s good to see they have the passion to stand up !! The next generation with the #movements have more power  than they realise !!
it is an increasing problem these days. It is easier to solve problems with violence as it is to discuss it. And our children only take over what we live

Now the trick is to educate them to the point where they not only vote but a vote with purpose and reason 
I love you
Check out new song 
Subscribe to my YouTube channel
MY VERY OWN CLONE
BS
you are the great change

Amazing 
Protect gun, kids not.  

Wow strong children
Collab with Britney Spears again please


We love you b*tch
AaainthaAirbus
i love you so much
LOVE YOU MILEY
I agree. Nobody and i mean, nobody deserve get their life taken away especially the innocent & unarmed ones. #NationalWalkoutDay #AllLivesMatter
TE AMO
Never give up
Well said, Miley and I’m sure having your input will give everyone the confidence to continue.
Hopefully they all got expelled and have to start doing porn
I participated in my school walk out in SC. This girl gave a wonderful speech during it, this is something I'm never going to forget
They made us go in the gym and for the most part we sat in silence. Until this one very brave girl gave this speech. I have chills. 
#NationalWalkoutDay 
Dreamed about you today!!! Woke up wanting soooo bad to hug you!! Love u so so so much! reply me please! I love u  veggie and almost vegan bc you inspires me 
I love you Miley
I speak not for myself but for those without voice... those who have fought for their rights... their right to live in peace, their right to be treated with dignity, their right to equality of opportunity, their right to be educated. #NationalWalkoutDay
LVOE you

I wish you were proud of me 
I love you baby 
I'm so proud of you my queen 

ilysmmmm
I love you so much

Mc
come to Argentina my love 
Love mv
U the best
you deserve the best
