can she breathe
i care
right in front ya. ;)
treams hot
OK When in a hurry and on a tablet, #typos happened SO HERE WE GO AGAIN. 
SO PATHETIC, USING OTHERS PEOPLE PLATFORMS FOR CAUSES THAT YOU COULD TALK IN YOUR OWN SCENARIOS EVEN BEFORE THE TRAGEDY HAPPEN...SO DISGUSTING HOW TO KEEP YOUR CAREER ON GOING WITH YOUR UNPLEASANT BEHAVIORS
Pretty peach needs a real man , I'm available , Aussie men are true , exceptional lovers and let's say endowed to well above Eurasian fellas , x.
Miley is angel  % . Miley is Queen  % .
l love you  very much
Hi
Man I love Miley! Mmm.
Queen forever legend forever
I love you
Miley holds hh smile like this my town #?*!

Nice
The only thing is we must remember, we must not leave the only ones with the guns to be villains. Think  if you where like my friend with the last think he saw before wife & little where rapped & murdered. I quote “ If only I would have had a gun, they would be alive “.
Hello
I love you Miley and "the Climb" will take on a very different meaning to me now.  I can't wait to see you back @NBCTheVoice soon!
te amo te amo te amo te amo 
Safety tests for weapons buyers is an obvious need but there is no coincidence the first democracy had a second amendment. Honor it.
Athens had a second amendment?
Greece was a military state after World War Two and didn’t allow women to vote until last century ..still people have no second amendment to defend themselves there ...try again
,
@MileyCyrus
Hi!! Beautiful
nice
Your spokes person. Good example for the kids
@MileyCyrus
wiy liZum
Te amo

Abrazos y poder promoverte en su momento oportuno éxitos
Thanks for supporting this cause! You're one amazing young lady! When haters come at you, ask them what have you done?
While gun control is so important, keeping our earth clean should be important as well! But hey, it was a great turn out and the message was received.
I love miley I'm her biggest fan


Love your performance @MileyCyrus it was really emotional and so amazing. Don't have words to describe it. #MarchForOurLives
Miley: incredible inspirational best performance #MarchForOurLives washington
Thanks so much R.I.P to all the beautiful souls that was lost 
I love you miley
Amazing performance.  Gotta say... I know a special girl whose dance recital song is butterfly fly away.  Hearing you yesterday bought up many emotions.
Whether you agree with Miley’s political ideologies or not, she is out there standing up for them.  As far as furthering her career, Miley is so rich that she would NEVER have to work another day for the rest of her life and still have millions and millions.
@MileyCyrus
I miss the old miley
Hey girl you rock

My pride for you is beyond words.
Missed ya beautiful boos boos
I LOVE YOU QUEEN
MY HERMOSA IDOLA
LEGEND

You were great today! Thank you @MileyCyrus Miley! 
You are the best and my inspiration, God Bless u always
Thank you Miley, for helping all these young people make this a loving peaceful and memorable day! This will go down in history. Thanks to all that made this possible!!
Glad to see you involved in a grea cause 
So proud
#12YearsOfHannahMontana 
IDOLA
YASSS MAMA
MY QUEEN
HERMOSA
I'm 52 yrs old & couldn't sing along because I was crying. Thank you, Miley. Suddenly, I'm hopeful for a better, safer America! Third graders march for their lives - go girls! Lol!
Third graders from the East Village Community School at the March for our Lives in New York. @NYTNational 
Thank you so much and thanks for everything you did the best love you boo
So beautiful love you 

You have no clue, do you, Miley?  Or, maybe you do, and you just don’t care.  Brainwashed, Dumbed Down and Lied To. 

http://www.whatdoesitmean.com/index2515.htm 

I love you
You make me so proud
Thanks, Miley!
@veronicaweibs those glasses are familiar
Fack lol
I love you
The Best!!!!!!
I ADORE YOU
use the rich and famous; don’t let them use you
I'm so proud of you 
Well looks like you got a sweatshirt out of the deal
Thank you Miley. 
You really made a difference today, my dear. I wish you could see all those young girls who knew every word to your song. You mattered. A lot. 
thank you. 
Raise your voice, speak your mind and make some noise! 
Love you

@MileyCyrus #MarchForOurLives above and beyond it. " Never Again ". Amazing u and your sissies.
You are young  :)
confirm
You were amazing today!!! Such an inspirational day! You could feel it with every word spoken! Change is a coming!!!
U got that right!!
Love it
i love you miley 
love of my life

te amo
i love you
my baby
Love you queen 
Baby you're the best, love you sunshine
Thank you for giving your voice! #neveragain #marchforourlives

Queen 
I love you 


HappyHippies, nice... can't be better, one way or another, happy is the way to go. Hopefully for eternity if we can live up to that. we won't have anymore wrecking, enough is enough, show Love instead. ILU
i love you
I love you 
Love you Queen! 

you did so good
Love u my friend
I can not be more proud of you 
I hope your security only carries knives.
You always inspire us, we love u and we're so proud.
Queen
love u

I love you 

Love you Miley!!! You go girl
I LOVE YOU FOREVER MY BEAUTIFUL ANGEL 
I'm so proud
Are your armed guards close by?
very cool so you were there probably still there now but yeah wow nice
مايلي سايرس
I Love you 
I am so proud of you and all that support this noble cause. Never more deaths by weapons. I love you my wife of iron and sugar heart
You did good today 
ENDED GUN VIOLENCE WITH A SONG
Post the picture with demi
I hope you know is 12 years of your Disney show Hannah Montana I will watch Hannah Montana

Anthony Arriaga from
Canadensis PA

Please come to India......
I love you.
TE AMO
I LOVE YOU
ICH LIEBE DICH
JE T'AIME
SENİ SEVİYORUM
我愛你
사랑해
मैं तुमसे प्यार करता हूँ
ΣΕ ΑΓΑΠΩ
Я ЛЮБЛЮ ТЕБЯ
TE AMO TE AMO TE AMO TE AMO
we love you
Sooooo proud of you 

NEVER AGAIN 
Te amo
Hey smiley...
MILEY CYRUS TYPE BEAT
Professor Stephen Hawking has died at the age of 76, his family confirmed. TYPE BEAT 
Proud of u bb
queen, so proud

Love youuuuuu
ilysm
So inspiring to see influencers/leaders as yourself speaking up for change!
Proud of you my queen 
Very impressed!! You have a beautiful voice and spirit!!
I love you!!
Just watched your performance. I am crying  
#MarchForOurLives
Ilysm 
TE AMO MUCHÍSIMO MI AMOR
you did amazing
Love you
i love you so very much 
I'M SO PROUD
YAS QUEEN
Proud of you 
YOU'RE THE BEST PERSON IN THE WORLD, I LOVE YOU
I am so proud of you!!!!
Love you so much thanks for everything
you are my world, my happiness, my inspiration, my only idol, I love you so much that it hurts 
Spreading love
You did great Miley #proud 
I'm so proud of you! You're love and change 
You really did that
fada
#NeverAgain
"Jonny's got a Gun "Written By Rudiger for humanity #ParklandStudents #NeverAgain 
I love youuuuuu
ly you are sutch a great woman 
You my inspire
I love you queen
LEGEND
YES MILEY 

Amazing performance at the #MarchForOurLives!
I love you Miley! So proud of you #MarchForOurLives
Love u
Queen
I'm  proud of you :( I love you so much queen
