
My life 
Hi Elton, Please try and call me as I want to be your Girlfriend. Please try and call me on 07879297358 or my landline 01326 377159. You have to have the code for England if your calling from abroad. You put the code numbers in front of my phone number to call me. Sophia Roberts
IDOL
QUEEN
LEGEND
Why give Elton John's tribute? Why??
Because Elton is awesome!
Angel
My song...
Sir Elton John with a lil Sriracha sauce Miley not only Killed "The Bitch is Back"
she looked Edible YummY YummY for My TummY  #EltonSalute Rocked Thank You Elton for all the Wonderful Music You gave US over the Years 
The guy in background is meeeee hehe
this gave me cancer
My life 
AMAZING

Your so gorgeous Miley, If you were mine, I would treat you like a queen. Not like those men in the "Industry".  I see and hear your pain through your music, I sing also, pretty good at it too. I make & sing cover songs on youtube. You can look me up if you want.
i heard that! i sounded awesome!!
Excelente
TE AMOOO

"When I Look At You" by Miley Cyrus
Great choice on the Banjo!

@tonytrischka

Elton John one of my favourite star in stage.
I just love it, suits her very well..:)
Wow baby yay
Lit on stage 
Miley c’est le talent réel ...!
You were Fantastic Miley!...
I liked her rendition a lot. She's got an excellent voice.
Miley Cyrus you saved my life
Queen 
Awesome,yes 
Now thats how you do it
stone cold sober as A MATTER OF FACT!
One of the absolute BEST tributes ever and each performance was my favorite.
You were flipping awesome tonight!! Miss you so much on the voice. Are you going to be coming back?
Sounds Great Miley!!! Jammin’ 
upload it on youtube
aprende selena gomez
That's one tall lady.
Wow! You looked and did amazing tonight.. the whole thing was incredible and had me tearing up from the power and tremendous tribute to the all wonderful @eltonofficial
It was a beautiful honor to him. #blessed for this world. 
#unity #grateful
Miles Hair Looked the Best I've ever seen her hair since she was 18! @MileyCyrus Growing Up!
Queen 
I love you 
Amazing performance by Miley ... such a great entertainer!!!
Loved Miley singing Elton
Simply an incredible performance by Miley!
So good she killed it
Super jobbbbb.... !!!
You opened it up with class Mileyyou never disappoint
@MeatSauce1
UGH QUEEN
Credit due.  Absolutely crushed it!
Her vocals were killer! She killed that performance!! 

I hope you do tiny dancer
hermosa @MileyCyrus
So good. She killed it
 so excited 

Spectacular and Awesome! Just started!!! Holy fantastic! Love Ed and Sam !
You were amazing tonite.
Miley was sooo good
!!My man @tonytrischka
You were great Miley!
She's so so talented!!! YAS
https://streams.radio.co/sd3a902e0b/low 
Krispy shin
She's so adorable...

Miley was amazing
Shes a beaut
THATS WHAT I’M TALKIN’ ‘BOUT !!!
They need Ed to try and save the show after her “performance”.
You two are the greatest. Wish I could see you in concert Elton. You have always been my idol.
I really loved it nice job Miley. From 
That hillbilly can ruin the best show of the year!
Loved it! Great job Miley!
Adoro a esta niña ,un abrazo amigo, gracias
