Bloody love miley she's my secret lol
Omg this made me cry!! Heart of gold!! You rock Miley!!! You gave so much hope and faith to so many ppl!! I love u  we need this gun violence to stop 
Dear @MileyCyrus :

PLEASE stop convincing #morons to hand their ONLY PROTECTION against a TYRANNICAL GOVT over to that TYRANNICAL GOVT — I assume you’re against #Slavery ?  Well, guess what you’re setting the masses up to be—slaves to a TYRANNICAL GOVT
@Hannaah_strong RT if you cried your eyes out!!!!!! (I did)
I've got chills they're multiplying.... no really tho. Love this so much 
Aren’t these Elvis lyrics?
Or are they from Grease?
Yes it's grease! It wasn't meant to reference Mikey, just represented how I felt looking at the post! 
Peasec, a chance..
One of the best songs out there. Your voice is amazing.
Wait for Darwin to work his magic. And he will.
I love you so much Miley, I love you and I really hope to see you very soon, you're an incredible woman with a heart of gold, I love you 
Tell us how you really feel.!
please record this again, oh my god
Wow, what a lovely setup
Miley, that's stuffs  not gonna play real well with the Nascar crowd, 65% of the country, 100 million gun owners or your Daddy. But I'm sure this huge group of people are  not buying your music anyway. So go ahead and talk first, think later.
What, are you home-schooled?

Apart and a part mean two different things #GetItRight
I'm sure You never had a typo/mistake when posting on social media
That is not a typo. That is a grammatical error, one that changes the entire context of her post.
Is this for real. You talk about changing the point?  You, my dear, are totally MISSING THE POINT. Relax and be in the moment. Take this in for what it is. Your going to miss it as you spot check everyone's grammatical,  spelling,  and punctuation errors.
What it is is a grammatical error that changes the meaning of what she’s trying to say. I was simply letting her know she made a mistake for future reference. It’s really not a big deal.
@melsosa224... when apparently it was a big enough for you to feel the need to actually tell them about an error, that was probably made by auto correct. It just seems so condesending and know it all ish. I bet  mistakes in these two tweets are abundant. Have at it miss  grammer
What sing is this
*song
looks like bunch of people that dont know one thing about guns
Fabulous!
your voice is TOTALLY AMAIZING
She's looking sick
you literally brought me to tears with this performance 

Still takes me back to one of the greatest sea shores with u and ur fabulous piano. Powerful.
You are incredible , love anything about you do !!!
mom
All lives matter it's not a joke when it comes down to  I ain't no greedy give some spread the love  
I can't stand to even hear your mind control Butt... Go Away..!!!!
To bad that only had 1 poient of view...fo
Ever notice that affluent liberals move to all white neighborhoods?
That's very cool and that's a good memory to have as a celebrity
The best yet
I wish I was there!
I LOVE YOU IDOLA
#12YearsOfHannahMontana 
MY QUEEN
AMAZING
HERMOSA
Speechless thanks for being you!
Love you forever Queen
Love u always.
Hi mrs. Miley how have you been? I finally got to see it I was in tears cause your song made me cry  LoveCC
Ok
Love you 
Your voice is as beautiful as You.
So Beautiful
This is so exciting - young people moving for a cause
Christ is back on the earth for justice and judgement and cares not whether you believe. The Christ, Yahweh-Jesus Brian Leonard Golightly-Marshall has brought Planet X (Nibiru) with Him to remove all the wicked...it won't be long now before this happens.  Oy Vey, the Goyim know!
A part Miley not apart.
THANK YOU Miley!!!!
Thanks  for your contribution 
Thanks for your song.
good going girlfriend !
Gun control won’t solve anything. Criminals don’t obey the law.
Most mass shooters are not criminals. Find a new narrative!
Takes more than just a song and FEELINGS  to grasp what is going on or the future of it and war to come over it. Children will not be targets for the NRA to try to influence and they must unite and stand as 1 with one lasting voice so others not know such things existed.
Shes nice to support their expression.
To the parents,  whose kids never walked out of school I'm sorry and you are very strong people to still be able to stand up and fight.
I know my son and he'd want to help everyone. Let the kids have a voice. I used to be one of those kids. I was raised to question things that were wrong and stand up for the under dog.  If you don't agreed with them so be it. Move along. Who's to say who's wrong and who's right.
its terrible that we're bullying kids standing up for something. Kids who survived a massacre I'm a parent of a teenager. He's smart and has a good head on his shoulders. He's smarter than some adults I know. The worst thing in the world would be for him to be involved in this
Proud of you Miley.
Never will forget it
I LOVE♡♡♡♡♡
this is amazing wow
My son and I were there!  It was a powerful event and one that I hope moved everyone there and watching and listening to these inspiring teens to VOTE in every election. Vote = change.
Miley , you are a True champion Thank for Showing these youngsters your Beautiful Heart  
Yes ...NEVER EVER AGAIN. #GunControlNow!
Yesssssss!!!
Such an amazing moment. I was wondering what were the papers you handed out. Were they the lyrics? Because that is pretty adorable that you thought that people wouldn't know them. Thank you for the special moment and supporting this cause.
Well done Miley!
This gave me chills and tears!
I thought you were the BEST, @MileyCyrus. I’m not kidding. And I remember the early days of Hannah Montana which is a pretty cool name, btw. I’m a gramma with gkids your age. Thank you soooo much for being there on Saturday. I was there too!
Lol... so dumb
Made me cry....again.
Watch out world these are our new voters! Kickin ass, smart and not going to stand down, I'm so proud. #lovemymillenial #thisisit #NRAletswktogether
Thanks
You are awesome, and we are so glad you have thrown in with this crowd . #moreguncontrols
Aww
We already have gun control. Just not strong enough. It’s this hyperbole that makes a divide.
Proof !
Love The Climb!  Perfect song for the moment!
Your song and your performance were absolutely inspiring. Well done.
N soooo foolish
Great performance Saturday. Thanks for being there.
Can’t watch without crying.
M
You reminded me of Hannah Montana, a beautiful little girl that all the kids loved  and adored:))
"To be a part"* ....Apart means separation.
I am proud and inspired by you!!!!
@ibtissam_c
It was the perfect song choice and an amazing uplifting moment. 
Just beautiful, Miley! This gave me chills! I didn't see your performance until now because I was marching in Cleveland on Saturday. God bless and thank you!  #NeverAgain #Enough #MarchForOurLives
Release m7
Aww,  you've gotten so much better vocally. Good job

I cry every time I watch this I love you
aww this is beautiful.. so glad u are wearing out hoodies lol
Omg  I would’ve loved to be there #MarchForOurLives
I hope you never look back on your Hanna Montana days and cringe. Because you did a good thing with that show and the music that came out of it. You did better job making an impact than Barney the dinosaur ever did. 
"Don't let anyone tell you that you're not strong enough Don't give up, there's nothing wrong with just being yourself
That's more than enough
So come on and raise your voice, Speak your mind and make some noise & sing- hey, hey!
Make some noise!" -Hannah Montana
One of my favorite moments on Saturday was when a young lady who had been registering voters and handing out stickers went all fangirl when you started singing. After seeing her "adulting" so incredibly well, it was lovely how she let herself be a teenager too!
Miley, time to fade away...
 it IS beautiful. Ur post propelled me to watch and I just got the chills. They are feeling this song in the crowd! Truly rad!
Not making fun of “apart of this movement”
Donald Trump wanted a military parade? Here it is. No missiles. No tanks. No guns. Kids waging peace. I'm 1,000% on their side.
Miley is filled with love and kindness for every one. I can see it in her face and she has a heart of gold. I wish I could have been there with her. I support Miley completly.
@emilyoldham_
She brings tears to my eyes
This was great!  And emotional. Great job, Miley!  Also, really loved that you came out in a simple ponytail and #MarchForOurLives sweatshirt.
Yours was my favorite performance of the day! All around me singing along every word 
Miley, you were a class act.  From pony tail to black jeans to the song you chose to sing.  Inspiring. Graceful.  I’m grateful.
You were amazing! Many Blessings.
*a part of 
she actually has her clothes on
Boo
Thank you @MileyCyrus You were amazing!
New respect for u.
How can our leaders see this and not want to make change???
What were you doing during the #Ferguson protests? You were in Chicago where a lot of gun violence happens? Great! What did you do there? ....Ooh. Oof. #MarchForOurLivesDC #MarchForOurLives #GunReform
OMG...this brought me to TEARS!  so beautiful
THANK  YOU Miley!
DC is the place to be !! Glad to have you. 
NRA pile of SHIT.
It is so nice to see you singing with clothes on and your tongue in your mouth, and not simulating masturbating
Who is paying for it??? And you will see what is going on here
Way to go Miley Cyrus great support.
Is ether for real or is manipulation, il go with manipulation because i see how much money is spent
What about other people ?? Zdo u people think that American are only human being??? Killing of some students arr really very sad but every day American army and government is killing to innocent muslim in different countries. What do u say about it?
can’t believe I’m crying over this at 9 I’m the morning
a part not apart
You and all your celebrity friends need to show up at polling places in swing districts this November. Do everything we can to get the youth vote out.
How much $$ did you make?
we miss the old miley, before you went insane
I love @MileyCyrus she has a voice
This is so beautiful and warm-hearted. 
Help us out in TN Miley!
Bring awareness to the TN state legislators A+ rated @TNGOP as well as those that represent us in DC like the bought NRA puppet @MarshaBlackburn 
Please help @Kanew @PhilBredesen win campaigns of change & equality #tndeservesbetter
38 days since the Parkland school shooting, and the state legislature won't even debate bills to prevent gun violence. https://safetennesseeproject.org/2018/03/19/days-since-parkland-no-action-prevent-gun-violence/ …
a part
Holy shit!
Teenagers singing with Miley Cyrus?????
THAT IS WHAT THEY'RE SUPPOSED TO BE DOING.
NOT mourning their friends who were massacred IN HIGH SCHOOL.
This is a beautiful moment! Is there any chance that a version of this song could be released in the proceeds go to this movement? Love you all!
I cried so hard watching this. This song was given an entirely new meaning during this performance!
"Fighting for what's Right" you're the best
Love this!  These high schoolers had Hannah Montana parties when they were little.  I know my high school senior did.  This brought tears to my eyes!  Thank you!!
An older man next to me in the crowd said “I don’t know who she is, but she’s good.”  

@hebamakeupar Visit my page  and check out platform you can get for advertising your products  it's all about fashin, beauty and makeup 
تفضلوا بزيارة صفحتي على الانستغرام  انها عن الموضه والجمال والمكياج  وشكرا على دعمي 
Art video – It’s raining every day... when primitive men are in power with their twisted greed for money and power, using all their stupidity and ignorance... violence with threats and guns is in favour
New found appreciation for you!
* a part

("apart", I trust, is not quite what you meant)
Bravo !!!my pride in America !
How stupid do u have to be if u wanna get rid off guns
Thanks Miley!
THEY R BRAVE AND GREAT JUST LIKE U.LUV U MUCH!
You were Incredible. Bravo. Thank You. 
My daughter and I were there one block away.  Awesome that you were a part of this important event, Miley.  As for Emma, my daughter has a new hero.
oh my god i like that
Thank you for being out there with us.
So proud of you for being a leader of your generation. And damn talented to boot!
Thanks for supporting the kids, you were wonderful at the march
I love love love this song and it was perfect for this moment

When are you moving out of the USA please??????
@ashleyybrooke_s
@mkyoface I cry every time
Miley faz tour no brasil 
She is a crazy bitch!! The hell with there gun control can't u people understand that's what the government wants is control over everyone and everything!!!
@Charl0ttedalton
Would be great Miley if it weren't children being used by adults for a political agenda. LOT'S of money pumped into this event from evil sources like Soros. So sad children follow blindly.
we
The climb has a very nice touch to our hearts
,
Wow
Hey miley
I loved this performance. No posturing or over-the-top staging. Just a heartfelt authentic moment in what music means.
@MileyCyrus I have always loved that song, but man it gave me goose bumps watching it sung in this context. Perfect song for a VERY IMPORTANT cause. It is amazing watching the American youth fight back. You are all AMAZING PEOPLE!!!  I hope change comes 
You are fucking amazing.

Beautiful wow very nice shod. But any thing will change. We have to same thing for Health Care for America. Love you boos boos and thank you shod
