.@shineMSD #MSDStrong #NeverAgain @AMarch4OurLives  @happyhippiefdn
I loved it
Miley Cyrus can plz give me Justin bieber number I need him
ARE TOU KIDDING ME?!?! YOU WOULD RATHR GET THAT JERKS NUMBER THAN HELP STOP GUN VIOLENCE?!?! We are in the age of school shootings. If you don’t care for the kids, than GO HUNT THAT SNAKE DOWN. HE WOULD BE PERFECT FOR CHILD KILLING PEOPLE.
Miley, 
1. Stronger investigation..OK
2.Limiting type of weapon sold..NO
3. Raising the age..No. They'll go get one somewhere with no background check.
4. Removing Bump Stocks..most definitely in the civilian world...YES
5. Removing the 2nd Amendment.
....No...Nope...Never
I know my son and he'd want to help everyone. Let the kids have a voice. I used to be one of those kids. I was raised to question things that were wrong and stand up for the under dog.  If you don't agreed with them so be it. Move along. Who's to say who's wrong and who's right.

Love your fire, strength and passion.and  Love your backyard sessions.
Man thats SUPER sad
god should help every victim
https://youtu.be/AusDp9CcqQ0  Oliver the makkaya's crush before he saw bubble gum's locker. Go then give the locker open crush gone after Miley Cyrus bubble gum plan set up was so adorable Hannah Montana Secret star @MileyCyrus Who owns my heart, Always music to pretty.. Who owns my 
I'm so depressed ...please help me:(
Dios te ama, y está contigo 
El no entiende eso :u
To the parents,  whose kids never walked out of school I'm sorry and you are very strong people to still be able to stand up and fight.

When the Right People have a gun , there's safety ! People with mental illness Shouldn't be able to own One !
HELP STOP GUNS! SAVE THE CHILDREN! STOP SCHOOL SHOOTINGS! HELP STOP GUNS! SAVE THE CHILDREN! STOP SCHOOL SHOOTINGS!
Thanks again for all your help and support to the best of the best way people can see the difference in the world..
Please support the people that support keeping them alive and that means armed soldiers, that will never change!! Don't bring the subject up next year, thanks for understanding.
BEAUTIFUL song 
That song has helped our community heal.  Amazing that Miley has taken time to spread its message.  Shine.
sending all my love to you and your community from Argentina  #Shine
Shine is now available on ITunes worldwide.   Thanks again for your kind words.  Saludos desde  para 
Sure miley please cover your hips
Did u mean lips
No her wrecking ball hips
No thanks no interest
Safty comes when you know there are people who will stand up and Fight for You, Don't take Away their ability to defend themselves and You, stand up for those without a Voice ! Those in the womb, those Children who want to be Born ,those with a  heartbeat  !
Yes
Busted #crisisactors
Sorry to ask but does anyone even Me and some  others listen to Shine????
I have.  Beautiful song with a powerful message.
And its great 
Oppose violence
#PrayforRussia
its terrible that we're bullying kids standing up for something. Kids who survived a massacre I'm a parent of a teenager. He's smart and has a good head on his shoulders. He's smarter than some adults I know. The worst thing in the world would be for him to be involved in this
Do you need to lose weight. Try this new effective method.
We need to teach our young people about violence and hatred and we need to teach them morals and gun safety that's for sure
The way it is or they won't be able to Morrill
Ho
Ilove it
Please follow
Mi Cover en español
#WRECKINGBALL
@MileyCyrus
#KALA
Hi Miley how are you doing
It was great seeing your cute little pop-icon face at March for Our Lives .

You're firmly embedded as a celeb , who genuinely cares about the future of our country .

The kids of America and even old hipsters like myself felt your impact and appreciate your heart .

*6min20sec*
HELLO MILEY
I love you
Ill pass
Do u understand anything abt this

Respect yourself Miley!
Hi Miley I was wondering if we could be friends and I'm a huge fan of yours and to let you know that I agree that the government should stop the gun violence and make the world safer for the people and I support the crowd who went out there protesting about the gun violence
Hello George, let’s talk in the mornining.  Sure love your music.  Nite, nite.
Please support the message to help end  gun violence!!!
I’m  % with you #GunControlNow
Heoll
We should pass a bill that all people with depression anger and mental get help .and not let any person fall through the cracks if a person shows agression get them into hospital for help. And let social media weed out the ones that show anger
It's great
Here is a guy who is dying to have his own weapon.  Perhaps private ownership of weapons provides a balance of power?
Yes!!

Miley pleas follow me i want tell you somthing.
Pleas
@MileyCyrus
It's all right
IDOLA
@RyanBelk80 
What a cool photo..
You should tweet this !
#marchforourlives
You are beautiful.
You rock, Miley!
@MileyCyrus I personally want to thank you for supporting today's history making #MarchForOurLives rally. It's time for Washington and everyone in America to realize that some things are more important than self! #Bravo #AllLivesMatter
Come on you raver, you seer of visions,
Come on you painter, you piper, you prisoner, and shine!

...Remember when you were young, you shone like the sun.
Shine on you crazy diamond.
Your daddy going to give up his gun?
You should have them record this on your next album and donate a portion of the proceeds to the continuing efforts to end gun violence.
GUN VIOLENCE - A dying girl's “FINAL GOODBYE” song to her lover. 
https://youtu.be/AWNqS35pRV0   
A TRIBUTE to all those who have lost a loved one in DOUGLAS HIGH SCHOOL on that tragic day 02-14-2018 #dyinggirlssong
It's a beautiful song with a powerful message
Thank you for taking part in this critical movement and for singing my favorite song or yours! #MarchForOurLives
I agree with what you said it kill innocent people
#StonemanDouglas Denied the people the right to have guns in school,people died as a result of that rule. The school administration should be in jail now. They in part assisted the kids attacker,stop blaming guns and the nra for your neglectful rules and faulty leadership.
Thank you for standing up ... The right side of history.... 
You are amazing miley
Love you @MileyCyrus thank you! #StonemanDouglas #marchforourlives
Go Miley!  You should run for public office?  That will frighten the politicians in the pocket of the NRA.
MILEY YOU’RE THE BEST!
We love and admire you so much. Thank you for lending your strong, powerful voice and presence to March for our Lives.
Thank you
Thank you Never again
Great job and thanks for supporting our kids
Thank you. #ShineALittleHope
Didn't you offer to show your boobs to get Hellary Clinton votes? It's hard to see take you seriously after that.
Yes most defiantly right @MileyCyrus
i'm sorry and i will  be  there for you who die i love you so much and i miss you i happed  you have fun in up in havean
Done
S
ISSO 
AMO TI
#JFCJustinBieber
Agree. Maybe the kids can save the adults. We are doing a poor job
To YOUNG AMERICANS - I feel your pain. My generation messed up. We need your forgiveness...You got lots of work to do. Remember: Love is the glue that binds us all together, all living things...
Australians are pouring out support for the #MarchForOurLives. #Neveragain
AMAZING
I love it
Don't walk out, walk up -
It's not the gun, it's the emotion.
Don't walk out, walk up -
Brewing over time, it's a twisted potion.
Don't walk out, walk up -
Left unattended, it’s a deadly notion.
Don't walk out, walk up -
It's not the gun, it's the emotion. 
D.Wiedman
I LOVE YOU MILEY
Wow



There's an impostor using your Twitter logo,trying to get me belive you want some money laundered! Lmao!  I mean like,what happened? Lol!
I live in md

hi miley my name is sidneypeterson big fan
Awesome this is so beautiful


For assignment help kindly email nmbessaywriter@gmail.com
This is good for us @THArealVNASTY and I really love guns but it's wrong if we have is wrong and we can use our minds to get down without having to resort to that I don't think you're not actually realizes positions again we have the blueprint to the new pop soundHOT BOY
did you know mask changing!?
you must like it!!
justin hi
your new big  fan mee...you dont worry .....i am coming for here

Godbless

Will you help the http://bearawitness.com  campaign increase awareness & kill the stigma of rough sleeping?

We are NOT asking for donations
Just an ACT OF KINDNESS when we see a homeless person. A sandwich, a coffee, chat, even a smile

Read about it
http://essentiallypop.com/epop/2018/03/b …
Esto es perfecto!
#MarchForOurLives 

Ehhhh merrrrddde
supporting you all and your cause from #australia 
Mombb
i thought you were moving out of america? are your bags packed yet?
Hey Miley huge fan but just FYI there’s another account someone set up acting like their you messaging fans and after a while asking for a credit card. I’m sure you’ve seen this but just letting you know
Why they save lives go hard
Well they save lives by giving you the opportunity to save your own life

Happen again today in Maryland on much smaller scale but nevertheless, a highschool shooting leaving one dead, one stable in the hospital and another one critically ill. So, so sad it’s becoming an epidemic.
From Spain , all my love and support.  Miley , you are shinning .  . Beautiful song . USA love you !
Those songs make me cry 
@MileyCyrus, despite repeated opportunities, my generation blew it. We were begged to take the lead & we failed. But you and ur peers are proving to be radically different. My heart overflows as your locomotive of positive action shows politicians #WeCallBS has real teeth to it
 @MileyCyrus i Agee

Pretty well healed for a child star !
I'm a beautiful trans women that would love to be In one of ur videos
hotel? trivago
tragedy? yes
ban guns? no
kill liberals? yes
wow I am in tears, this is so beautiful 

Support is Great but We need National Guard or Equivalent Sucuring Schools
The World is Corrupt 
Be Not Of The World
i don’t
This song is so good wow
and in trhe send? what did it do for you?
Yo hago todo lo que puedo ya le he dicho al presidente POR activa y por pasiva que regule controle la venta de armas gracias por la preocupación de ellos jóvenes
queen 

I love you Miley
Te amo
Love you
this is awesome! i’m only in 8th grade and i’m already trying to be in the movement for example, i’m going to an anti gun march this saturday!
Amazing song 
How strongest support do you expected?
SO PROUD OF YOU MILEY!!!
YOU ARE A BEAUTIFUL ANGEL
Also , they are attention seekers who want their 5 minutes of fame or a lifetime of fame.
The people always have an exscuse for why they did these horrible things....like...I was abused or no one loves me.....people make fun of me...get a life people. If that was the case....the whole world would be doing these horrific things.
honestly amazing 
Make no mistake that there is a place in hell for all of the people who caused these tragedies. Maybe they don't care about going to hell. They only care about now. Let's make an impact even if it's small because it only takes one to step up and then the rest will too.
Speak up and speak out. The world will never be rid of violence but we can atleast help make it not as bad. The government ought to be ashamed of themselves for not stepping up to the plate since all of these tragedies through the past 10 years that have only gotteon worse.
It's time to change EVERYTHING about this day and age. Times are worse than ever and if no 1 changes then nothing changes and it can start with 1. So start help making these changes so that no 1 else has 2 be scared for their safety or their kids safety. Don't be a bystander
i really appreciate this
I love you so much
I’m so beyond proud to look up to someone like you
Wonderful
you’re my love ♡
i love you
I tweeted Justin gun violence is not the way I was shot February 25 2018 at work as security for a club in Jacksonville Florida when everyone was open fired upon.
lindissima

Miley please see me
Nice
Allot frowr
beautiful song 
come to São Paulo - Brazil, Miley 
Prayers
I Love forever @MileyCyrus
#stonemandouglas has been politically exploited so bad. PPL have gotten rich famous & made careers n just 1 month furthermore our 2nd amendment was dismantled n Florida bringing us closer 2 a vulnerable Nazi Germany setting were government disarmed citizens b4 concentration camps
This school has been politically exploited so bad. People have gotten rich famous & made careers in just 1 month furthermore our 2nd amendment was dismantled n Florida bringing us closer to a vulnerable Nazi Germany setting were government disarmed citizens b4 concentration camps
Victims, human or not, need protection and changes in law.
hello dear
