
Peace!
I was there and I was right at the stadium
:(  please do not stop posting anything there I was sharing all.
BEATIFUL Check it out!! https://youtu.be/ShGQxAOYqtk  #Panama
Yea get those twitter likes and feed that ego. That will help.
Please answer this question for me--What is an Assault Weapon? I would also be happy to debate you on the #SecondAmendment.
I thought you were moving or something... Bye Felicia!
i love it <3
Why :( ? sharing everything.
No more assault weapons  real gun control and help for the mentally ill!
Verry good!!!!
Muito meu bb
The irony of using a term made famous by Holocaust survivors to advocate for the same gun confiscation that disarmed Jews before they were sent to the gas chambers.

#NeverAgain will we be disarmed by you Nazis!
As you walk around with ARMED Guards.. Why is your life worth protecting.. but my kids and family are not? Miley, you are an amazing singer and I think your new look is beautiful. HOWEVER.. STAY OUT OF POLITICS! IT ONLY HURTS YOUR RATINGS.. LIKE KIMMEL!
I ur singing, ur 's, most of ur songs but think ur politics r highly misplaced. Every one is intitled to their own opinion. It bode well for u to except the facts & try to help not hinder. 
Cool
 why ?  I was sharing everything .
This is why I stan
notinthisneigbourhoodweareguestfree
Gun control is unconstitutional ! 
Suport the constitution of the United States or shut up!
Protect Our Schools 
Like the @FBI  protects their buildings ? 

I told @playbody to tell the ladies to keep their clothes on

TRUE STORY coming soon

@seanhannity 

PROTECT OUT SCHOOLS
I'm loosing my voice
https://youtu.be/jFmEK6RX-EA 

Ironic that KGB would have ppl use that slogan.Was same slogan forefathers used when putting 2A into Constitution! They knew oppressors could not be talked to.Don't be part of KGB 60 yr plan to disarm US!Stop ALL VIOLENCE PROPER WAY! SOCIAL PROGRAMS!
You were bullied (S)Miley so start by listening to MLK->MAKE LIFE KINDER.We the ppl have to let KGB know that their engineering the killing of kids will not work at taking away 2A.Learn history girl. Make songs that will get ppl to not hate. Protect kids from ALL THREATS!
I see, you do not have the fact of being ashamed. 
there will not be a war in America.
There is inprisonment and hard work. 
it's okay my dear
The face you make when the government forces you to fight a war, because you dont have a right to own a gun and defend you're self.
Dislake
you're so a beautiful
I LOVE YOU QUEEN
SO PRETTY
AMAZING
TE AMOOO
HERMOSS
thanks, Scooter, for ignoring tragedy in Russia
#prayforrussia
Miley forever Queen
Miley   % queen. Miley is legend   % . Miley is angel  % .
Miley forever Queen forever legend forever 
Miley is real Queen 
Queen love you forever 

Queen love you forever 
Queen love you 
Queen love you
Looking so cute queen

Thanks for supporting this, it's super important! I saw this Tshirt and maybe if we support Oprah for president in 2020 the country can benefit!! Check it out
@MileyCyrus  stay out of Politics,,,,,,its a dangerous circle you are tripping on
you wouldn't have to endure this if you would have moved out like you said you would
cool
Nice one @MileyCyrus
Proud of you, Lili 

Keep up the good thing !we are just at you're back !what ever happens Pls notice me.
#proudtobeaSMILER
She probably won’t amidst an ocean of tweets. If it’s worth anything, I noticed and figured I’d give a shout.
Adda girl
Love you Miley!!!
Remember to vote for me and make America safe again.  Say goodbye to modern the modern gun.

It was good that you were there
You are unique
I love you miley cryus

Tumblr says it discovered more than 80 accounts linked to the professional troll farm indicted by special counsel Robert Mueller, including accounts posing as black Americans. https://n.pr/2IWbEHL 
#Beautiful ♡♡♡♡♡
Hypocrite. Miley had armed guards with her at the march.
Fool!
trust the plan........Q
Verily Love
U
You went got ya some boobs didnt you .
Not wearing a bra
Ban  #assaultweapons  now!  https://rjbtees.com/products/make-our-schools-safe-again … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … …    #NeverAgain #MarchForOurLives #MakeOurSchoolsSafeAgain   This is NOT a threat to the #2ndAmendment , just common sense
Hola Miley Ariana hizo el Partido Infantil y la Ley Anti Miley para meter en la cárcel a todas las señoras dramáticas y regañonas y tú hiciste el Partido Arcoiris , a ver quién gana las elecciones @BeatlesPeteBest @OfficialKaelyn @PaulMcCartney @ArianaGrande
Never again, i'm agree with you
Bullshit. They’ll never take our guns
I in know way blame you. Hater's gonna hate!
I can't believe she actually has her closes on.
YOU FUCKIN' GO, GIRL!
Good
The way to these bastards is by boycotting every company, bank, accounting firm and tech company that supports them.
NEVER AGAIN!
When you outlaw rocks.  Only outlaw will have rocks.
@DrMarkGreen4TN is running for #TND7 the district you grew up in Miley He has anA+ rating from the NRA & @SenJohnMcCain said Green was too radical for Trumps Army Secretary nominee Green has also said being gay is mental illness Help @Kanew win against Green #tndeservesbetter
Me 7 years ago: ugh, Miley Cyrus and Ke$ha are role models for our kids?  Me now: Miley Cyrus and Kesha are tremendous role models for our kids.
Given current topical debate, you are saying SO much with this tweet. I agree with you entirely. I hope people give this the thought  ('thinking time') to really let it sink in. 
You are the spitting image of Delaney Tarr.  Down with the NRA!
Miley there are a lot of good things these kids can learn from you. the most important might be to ignore the ones that aren't in your corner.

All those BIllyBob's who made her dad a star aren't gonna be too happy with Miley's take on #GunSafety!
That song was the song to play my granddaughter loved that song she was murdered along with her 14 year old brother and thier dad she was 18 it was my only daughters only two kids we cried together Saturday to this song
Sending you both love 
Love u angel...
Never again while Miley has personal security present which she paid for who were conveniently carrying weapons. Not to protect the crowds but to protect Miley alone
Miley ilysm
You are a wonderful inspiration to all.    You talk the talk but you also walk the walk.
I got worship was a sin
Huh?
One more thing she is getting pay to be out there. All the celebrity are getting paid to be out there.

Hey silly girl
i think i got a thing for u
You celebrities sure had lots of gun power at an anti-gun rally for security. Hypocrites.
