Love it!
we want #SCHOOLOFROCK 2 (Youzall are invited!)
So beautiful
Miley cyrus and jack black in the same room !
@anninhiliation
Queen

Yeahhhh...
Salen muy vien
Ggoos
That is probably the hottest pic of you ever, it's a good classy yet sexy look
Youll be awesome together, very complimentary!
(FREE IRAQ)
I LOVE YOU MOM
TE AMOO
HERMOSA
Lit!+
He tasted like soft ginger. It was exquisite.
Jack Black. Wow! Cool.
Long time not see jack!!
I love ur voice..I'm a truther who knows about all U've been thru..I'm praying 4 u .,Jesus loves u and is coming soon ! U don't need the illuminatti . Ur voice can stand on it's on..Jesus loves u and so do I praying 4 u, I care.

I know Jack Black is the coolest, I bet the two of you partied hard...envious...
Jack Black...Keeps getting more n more handsome every yr.
Sincerely...
Woooooow...
@SophieKasaei_ I thought wooooo Sophie with Jack Black, and later I saw it was Miley. You really look like her in this picture 
Is that Jack Black?!
@jackblack missing over an hour and she freaking out @MileyCyrus from #MFP gala. Like dude what is up?
My favorite Jack Black and my favorite singer from Tennessee, together!
Oops didn't know how that got on there sorry
GRAPHIC Men, women, little children, babies. Dead with foam coming out of their mouths... once more #Syria has shown us the worst of humanity #wecantsaywedidntknow #Douma
vv

I LOVE YOU MY QUEEN
NEW MUSIC PLEASE
AMAZING
TE AMOO
MY QUEEN
Really Another picture with Jack Black an this time I didnt take the picture wow !!!! Without me ?  @MileyCyrus. And as for you Jack @jackblack nice pose
Love you sweetie hope to see you.
I didn’t know you were a Tenacious D fan... 
te amo
Genial.
Two of my favorite people!!
Lol you
MILey Shawn I need u


Spring https://www.dreamstime.com/spring-image113992512 …

Two of my favourite people. 
Bacım sen hannah montana olarak çok güzeldin bee. Naptın kendine dalyarak.
Nice
Wow you two together what a hoot!
Sweet
Jack black is back!
Jack stay with the bean:).. Miss you silent apparently..LOL..ILU
Show me that drEam im "DREAMING"
No matter how "HIGH" it is....
Will "CLIMB" to it and JUMP to it...
wow what legends
I do not know about anyone else, but I am probably totally missing out. Goddess, I aM
Yassssss I love this miley  well all Mileys are great but come on
Love you @MileyCyrus @jackblack
You look so cute with that ponytail 
Wahnsinn jack black

I love you  
Awesome  Miley you can always give him a cuddle before he leaves again my friend
Great picture. ...
Te amo
and now..i give you...Pong...Ping Pong....as ping pong with ding dong fights in Luchooooooo Libreeeeeeeeeee....pass the beans sqeezie
So cool!!
cool guy ,  was lucky enough  to be in a movie with him
START FOLLOWING AND COMMUNICATING WITH SMILERS ON TWITTER PLEASE MILEY
Awesome 
Dude
hey miley its sunday walk day sing and walk sing and walk
Love you  So proud of you 
Jack looks a little lighter
Please respond to the persistent rumors that Miley Cyrus is QAnon.
More tenacious D pls! I love this reference
you are so beautiful my love
Miley make movie 
so, when do you two put out an album together. no kidding, it might be the first id actually buy
QUEEN
Ohhh miley
You look beautiful
@MileyCyrus can you come to my wedding
@DanaMar03

LIKE/RETWEET/POST!  FEATURING @anikaaaamusic! #hiphop #RnB #Singer #Soul #Music  https://soundcloud.com/user-326527955/who-do-you-think-you-are …
Anyone that fucks with @jackblack is officially good people in my book
Miley you rock girl ...
.
Do celebs get the same feeling as us normal folks do when someone they tag in a post don't respond to said post??
How many armed guards did you have there last night?
LEGENDS
LOVE YA
YOU'RE AMAZING

dude
GORGEOUS
WHAT A ICONIC DUO
Ifb
I bet he is such a cool guy.
Yav biri su kiza telefon alsin iyisinden tost makinasiyla cekiyo
I love u 
OMG  I love jack black but I also am a big fan of you ! Love you lots  xx
Love
Younger Now era only lasted 3 months and “Dude.....WE totally miss you....”
Te amo
ICONIC
YES QUEEN 
my angel i love you so much 
Love it 2 cool people
So fuck!  
te amo beba
LA PANCITA MI AMOR
princesa linda
I love you queen
it feels like it’s 2011 omg we aren’t ready

Listen and Repost my song " Dark Skies" #np on #SoundCloud  https://soundcloud.com/oey242/dark-skies-prod-by-wakeupwes …
TE AMO NENÊ
ICONIQUES

What is your Wakanda Name?

Find out now! @ http://WakandaNameGenerator.com …
Iconic
i love you
YASS
