No we don't need is a bunch of brain dead liberals and Democrats that keep killing people don't talk to us conservatives about gun control when the Democrats and Liberals are the ones killing people with guns
#MarchForOurLives
please sing my heart beats for love
sim mas seria lindo essa música merecia mais
sim aaa, poderia cantar liberty walk também
amoooo
sorry looks like I missed it by one day it's the 25th thanks anyway still love you 
Thanks for your involvement!  Appreciate it!
Good work keep it up
Thank u 4 choosing 2 be a part of this!!!
Miley ilysm
March your way back to hell

I love how you've become an outspoken voice against a lot of the total BS happening in the world
You walk around with armed guards, yet you want to disarm the middle class...
We need self control , not gun control.
I LOVE YOU 
AMAZING
You can't just sit back and watch the world change cuz it matter what you've got to say, so c'mon it's NEVER TO LATE 
I watched or listened to all 3 hours because I had to work. you are pretty awesome for supporting them the way you have. they are doing a great job  but I'm sure it helps having your support
Lol riiiight
#MarchForOurLives 
TE AMOO
AMAZING
Watched all the coverage of this awesome event, and I am truly amazed at how well spoken everyone was about gun reform and the need for change. The Climb took on a whole new meaning. So proud of you!
Watching & glad you were there to support.

https://mginvite.com/inv/p8l6s0u9nfhm0s3x …
Oh yes kids are our future don’t let This presidency tell us any different
yass
This is so stupid.  Please just sing.  This march is to take away more rights from Americans.  When they get the guns they will be able to get everything else.
please come to Japan♡
ON THE WAY AHHH


love u
Ok sis
We are so proud of you! #MarchForOurLives
of course I'll watch it!
Just wondering who's crowd size is bigger Trump's or today's March for our lives you go kids  #marchforourlives
So fucking proud to stan such a committed activist and strong woman

No March here in Perth Australia, but hearts are with all who are marching in the US. #MarchForOurLives
We need all the thoughts and prayers we can get!  Thankfully you no longer have to deal with this. To bad our government refuses to copy what you did there! But here the all mighty dollar rules!
Greatings from Germany. In Germany it isnt allowed to private guns or pistols. And that a reason for we have mostly one amok Attac per year. Stopp private guns.
KILL THAT MOM!! YOU CAN CHANGE THE WORLD
Have fun and be safe
NEVER !!!!!
I support #MarchForOurLives -  Stop the Violence!
A REAL ATIVIST
thank you girl! I will be watching to support you, i can't be more proud of you
I LOVE YOU ANGEL
EDT*
AWW <3 she's too cool
angel
I love u and I’m so proud of you Miley
I LOVE YOU WITH ALL MY HEART
here's on youtube
THANK YOU MILEY I LOVE YOU
THANKS M
IM HERE AND ITS AMAZING
Watching on CNN
I love so much, my angel 

Sure
So proud to call you my idol 
I love youu
LOVE YOU
Yesss mom
Thank you Miley
hello
I love you
Queen
YAY
