an angel
So cool! #MarchForOurLives
notice me :(
my friends surprised me at my 18th birthday with a hannah montana theme bc of my 10 years old one and honestly im living for this. 
you’re an angel :( ilysm
i'm so proud of you, and i'll be even more proud if you don't forget the 12 years of hannah montana and take a picture with ariana in the march for our lives
Thank you so much for meeting with us!


Yo también quiero que me abraces así lpm
Cutest
#ShineMSD = amazing. 
You were awesome, Miley, and you helped inspire them. For that, a grateful parent thanks you.
Appreciate the support.  @ShineMSD is indeed amazing. Thanks for helping to spread the word.
I wanna hug you so bad miley. I hope one day i can make my dream come true. I love you with all my heart and soul 
Did you see this????
#12YearsOfHannahMontana
Soooo Amazing 
You're a real life angel ... I love you from the bottom of my heart 
I’m that lady at the end 
So cool Miley wish I could have a cuddle from you   And tell you that you are amazing you are a angel  for the World thanks for Sharing
You are an angel down to earth 
im proud of you. always.
eu também quero abraço mileeeeeey
i love you so so much
im so proud of you
Love you, queen 
I love you 
Miley is an MK Ultra victim. Her parents sold her out.
I am the woman at the end 
Lol your funny
@Stefwagz the woman in the back gasping was you saturday
Miley, thank you so much for performing yesterday. It was a beautiful moment!
quer meu mundo princesa?????
BeautiFul and HapPy moment 
Thank you for your performance.  I finally got to see this amazing group of kids act like kids. And ypur grace and kindness to let them take selfies made me cry.
HERMOSA
You did a great job
Great job today - have always stood up for you (especially when you were getting some dings in the press) because have always liked your intelligence, talent  & independent spirit...you reminded me again today that I was on the right side of history - and so are you.
Yok canım ne kıskanacağım
That one woman at the end. 
That girl gasping inthe last frame of this video is me
TE AMOO
MY QUEEN
ANGEL
yes,miley cyrus together we can change.
I wanna meet you someday love you sissy 
Nice job, Ms. Miley 
So cool
I wish I was there getting a hug from my angel ;(
that's awesome
a angel
Le posta  dilo Tse domo
They are so fu**ing lucky
lmao the woman in the end did NOT expect that! Bit really, it's good to see you support this 
،good
جيد
yup nice one
That was very cute Miley
Cê num era baixinha mulé?!
سلام خوبی عزیزم قصدازدواج دارید




she is so pure, i love her with all my heart
So awesome. My daughter is a teacher. I don't want to worry about her going to work.  Did I say she's a teacher. Not an enforser..  School is a safe haven for a lot of children.. Let's keep it that way.
great action sowas gives these young people just new hope and strength when you see such a big star close to experience and touch .... I bow to you !!!!
Ow, you so cute :3
Queen I love you 
How beautiful....is that...it call feel good. .......
YESSS MC! @MileyCyrus

Miley...our queen u r truely have a heart of pure gold which is filled with kindness and love for everyone. Proud to call myself a SMILER and thanks for being my idol. @MileyCyrus

There's only one problem with this picture. I'm not there!
What can I say”When Miley puts on A Smile The whole world Smiles With Her
You're an angel.
release new single
Stop
You’re awesome.
Thanks Miley good for the kids here!
ahhhh eu te amo tanto 

i love you bb
te amo

I love you 

Love u mc
I'm proud of u 
So cute
Slayyyy
Go girl
me morí de amor
Abraço coletivo, que delicia 

Love my Miley!!
You are amazing Miley don't ever change who you are
This is so cute 
QUIERO QUE ME ABRACES A MI LPM
Baby Miley ure an angel
love youuuuuuuu
Queremos Diley
damn...id love to date miley cyrus she is so cute...
Me chama no whatsapp mileeeey, tô com sdds
te amo
pomba da paz
anjo
fofaa
I love you so much  
inveja branca q chama ne ? :/ te amo vadia
ok
Eres tán maravillosa  y tan tierna
Yo tambien quiero 
I love youuuu
anjo :(((
u
so so cute 
Ok girl
i love you
ok
Queen
te amo
