#MSDStrong
My Cute princess
Ty!! I'm so inspired by all the support of these students & all affected by guns!
The heart of the country girl coming out and doing whats Grand Ole Opera worthy of being recognized on that stage. Not for fame or glory. But for heart.
I cried when you sang.  As a Grandma who watched every Hannah Montana show with my granddaughter and her friends. These same girls are now 18 and watching. Thank You.  Xo
My angel
Human Rights and Animal Rights go hand in hand. Im Vegan as well. Thank you so much for using your platform to help end gun violence! 
Damn you vulture every culture

Thank you Miley!
Do you have your armed guards or are you a hypocrite.
My life
My dream
Love you forever Queen
Miley is Queen  % 
Miley is angel  % 
Queen
QUEEN
a part.
Bless you, Miley!!!
it's a great cause
Go gettem'! Hippy's R*ck!
Hi beautiful
What David Hogg should be worried about is the 2000 students in Brevard Cty convicted of rapes, gun violations, murder etc under Obama’s Promise Program like Cruz being sought by the police to get them back in the schools!  That would scare the crap out me & should everyone else

Glad you are going, but grammer
Ты молодец
hi
I really love your sweater 

Awesome n kool
Thanx 
I don’t know if you do Facebook but check out musical chairs. It’s a group that I’m in, for all music lovers in the US and other countries. Just check it out what’s it gonna hurt.

Te amoooooooooo
I love you 
‘Twas the night before @ForParkland 
& all thru the house, I sit proudly with my #sunnyseats & @AMarch4OurLives shirt with hopes & dreams that change comes tmw & not a day later Today we need change. We deserve it! #parklandproud #neverforget #MarchForOurLives sign
I will I could be there such an important cause and a powerful message being sent thank you! 
Yes it's so nice to see people really wanna try making a change for themselves and others. Have a peaceful democratic march, to show how it's done in the modern world. And with a great performer along helps things in the right direction. Great day to ya'll. ILU
Mileys all smiles what's more beautiful?
Thanks Miley, even though we are more than 50 years apart , you earned my love and respect at the One Love Manchester Concert. I'm so glad you are in DC with these young patriots.
brabanconneblablablablablablablaaabla
You're a great example Miley, thanks for being a leader someone that these young men & women can follow, much Peace & Love to you, KJ
I love you 
A humanitarian queen
I love you Miley 
My heart 
If I could... glad u r! Your local tax office and local law enforcement in your jurisdiction has failed us!
How many armed bodyguards do you have protecting you?
Angel 
Hey chick you are not welcome in the United States anymore. You said you were moving to Canada so GTFO. Seriously your a total tard and you are demonstrating that your word means nothing by not moving to Canada, David doesnt want another attention HOGG @davidhogg111
*Apart: away from   A part: with 
js
Hi cookie
arf queen
Love of my life 

Social activist humanitarian queen
I hope you get to meet @Emma4Change 
- she is one of the heroine's of this movement
- from #MarjoryStonemanDouglasHighSchool 

##MarchForOurLives
I LOVE YOU IDOLA
SO EXCITED
TE AMOOO
SO PRETTY
We' re so so proud of u my angel. 
BELLA
Pround of you
Ily
Miley love you 

Yay!  Good for you @MileyCyrus. You can help to #VoteNRAout. Vote out anyone taking $$ from NRA no matter their party. #MarchForOurLives
If we're going to single out the nra as donors then know the facts. The nra donated less then 2m in 2016 for all political races compared 2 the teachers union which spent over 20m. Our schools are failing yet no one blames the teachers union..
You’ve proven me once again that I have chosen the right person to support and love forever! Thank you Miley!
We want a pic with demi tomorrow!!!
i love u
sing the climb
I won’t be able to do as you wish.
I love you
#MileyCyrusCares Let's #MarchForOurLives 
#HaltTheAssault #PassCommonsenseGunLaws
I can't wait  
Love you Miley!!!!
BEAUTIFUL MILEY 
I can't wait 
Thank you so much.
I bet you never went to public schools, and have rarely been without armed guards.  Stick to singing.
nice Dr Martens
I love you my queen 
Yesssss qween
i love u angel
Liberals created people like Cruz when they adopted Discipline Policies that restricted schools from reporting and handling people like Cruz the way that he should have been dealt with long before the shooting.
hmmzzz
i love youu
i like
Amazing Miley good job have fun  my friend

she's coming guys
linda
Love the sweatshirt.
Libtard!!!!


yasss
I fucking love you
Kick some ass Princess....
Legend
selena can't relate
i love you
I’ll be there!
l'm so proud of you 
te amo
ily 
I support you all the way always remember that and if your reading this I hope it had made you smile if it has. will I am smiling too!!
Very cool
Props' @MileyCyrus 

You've Earned A Re-Tweet @Twokewl420 
There's Nothing Kewl'er Than That'  @MileyCyrus 
Suffering Sucka'Tash #alwaysmessn 
& Thanks For Following
I love you Angel
i love youuuuu
ITS AN SUCH IMPORTANT EVENT 
I wish you luck as I support a lot of people I wish you the very best and give you some faith from my heart
THIS ITS GONNA BE ICONIC 
Thought you were leaving this country
el buzo 
proudd of youuu
as hard as these kids are busting their butts they need the support of people like you then can help them get their point accross
Angel

Dope 
Love you Miley..
I LOVE YOU 
@you are beautiful women####


Tell the young adult they havta get in to politics if they want change the people office are not going to change anything.
Please sing your own song
What’s it like being an Illuminate puppet/slave?
buena suerte para qeu todo resuelte muy bien
 Always my Queen
te amo
@HypnoticNLP Congratulations Miley standing up for our Lives! It's amazing to make such a positive difference in the world.   Good Luck!
SO PROUD OF YOU, ANGEL!! 
can’t wait to see u

And I will be at the march in Vegas!
Nicely done Ms. Cyrus. You're definitely on the right side of history. And you have a voice that is louder than most.
True humanitarian I all ways know you were one because you love doing stuff like that good girl help me out be my friend I don't want any money are sexy just to know you as a person
I love you sooooo you have no idea please keep being incredible S2
#SHINE 
I love you so much
Awesome! So great to see your support. I am sure they will greatly appreciate it.
You're th e most empowering woman of all times, you're heart is made of gold and you really care for your fans,
Follow me?  - 12,856
proud of you
Even pretty in a hoodie. Stay you Miley
THANK YOU
Gorgeous baby  thank you for doing that
so proud of you bb
So proud of you baby !! I love you #MarchForOurLives
TE AMO TE AMO TE AMO 
aw this is so amazing miley!!!! im so proud to call you my idol!!!!
So desperate for any attention you can get. It's very sad.
I’m glad you’ll be apart of @AMarch4OurLives Miley! I wish I could be in DC for this! But I’ll still support from my town
The Girls With Their Backs Against History: They aren’t playing by the rules of systems and societies that have failed them or cosponsored the atrocities against them. https://postheatre.wordpress.com/2018/02/22/the-girls-with-their-backs-against-history/ … #MarchForOurLives
Queen
IM SO EXCITED FOR TOMORROW
Miley - how do I get one of these shirts to you tomorrow?
SO CUTE
Are you going to meet Cher?
#
WAIT IS IT HAPPENING NOW
 2018 #HUNCHO
Love
I love you 
TAKE A PICTURE WITH @ddlovato and @ArianaGrande

i loove you
Love you
Amazing
You are amazing
Omg!! beautiful!! I Love so much
Ily 
I LOVE YOU MILEY, I LOVE YOUU
I love you 
