Nice picture with family
Nice
.
*Vegan fistbump* 
QUEENS
Do you have armed security with you? Hypocrite!!
We just ate the best vegan cheeseburger of our lives. Come to @NuVeganCafe!
Way to go and no more FUR N Leather too 
love  you
Love to miley
 ok im new to Twitter
Just join can you guys follow me
QUEENS
Beautifull
EU TE AMO MUITO MILEY
Welcome to the District!

Miley- thanks for being awesome and for standing with our youth during this important time in history! #Marchforourlives

Hermosas
Chiquita te amo, pero no uses popotes... es totalmente lo contrario a lo que predicas 
Molly is having fun with you , you're funny, it's great..
Hi Miley, 
Cant believe I’m just following you. Fellow vegan and believer in Common Sense Gun Laws (I’m an old fart and I am so sick and tired of this issue). So thank you for standing with #MarchForOurLives and thank you for the Vegan shout out. One thing though, #skipthestraw
Maybe that is a biodegradable straw? My better half gave me glass straws and I love them! Especially in my iced coffee and my reused cup. Sound of glass against ice cubes is beautiful. Maybe you can use it in a song?  Thanks again,
#skipthestraw
#veganfortheanimals
hi miley and brandi
Students around the country are marching and standing up against loose gun laws to save their lives and on this specific day, you use that hashtag to promote your eating habits and post about you enjoying drinks. how clueless/detached can you be to think this was appropriate?
Sorry pumpkin. Nice try.there will be time where men will destroy there toys.for good.but our darkest days are ahead of us.and end times approachs.thank god.u are innocent and nieve.good luck
Great that you support ur sis in such an important. Never mind the haters...they have no family so they can't understand how close you are to yours. Love you both. Lets all try to make the world a safer and better place. March on.
I want to start a #Meat?Ew movement. But maybe it will seem insensitive.  But it might not make any sense if I wait to jump on the popularity of the expression. What do you think?
Cagna
So proud of you for using your platform and voice for something so important I love you so much 
march against sick brains, weapons will always be there
Where are you having that shake??
Why do you always got to be so cute? I like it
YO easy on the calories
@MileyCyrus buy & hodl #bitcoin 
Sister Goals... 

nice picture


Soo cute! I miss my sister
Gorgeous sisters!!
I would love to meet you  see you thereeeee
Ugh I love both of you
She DL mad she's the ugly sister with no clout it's not fair
yuck
gross
release new single
i love uu
que intensa xdios

Smoothie something? I love them. Kisses (X)

I love you 
More skulls full of mush.  Ignorant, mindless, pathetic.
You need to take a really long walk off a really short pier. Jerk.
Magnifique cette femme bordel de merde 
Both of you two dude's hairline is receding.
Queens
Hey girl. Do fries come with that shake?

Melhor irmã amooo
Proud of you!!
iM IN DC WTHHH
Looks tasty...
You’re beautiful
You're both absolutely gorgeous!! Love you!
@MileyCyrus .
@BrandiCyrus
Cyrus girls sure know's how to draw a crowd
i want the milk shake!!!
hola Miley , en mi cuento ya le dijiste la verdad a Ariana y volvió el amor entre ustedes más fuerte

Come entertain me while everyone else in the hotel room with me is sleeping instead of out doing things
LOVE
I seriously love you so much 
What an awesome way to support #MarchForOurLives! Plus, that #vegan milkshake looks like a serious D.C. perk.  Yum! 
Shake Shake e tudo de bom          sexy
Só de canudinho em
U 2
SEE YOU TOMORROW
#glitchart
pippikakaspermalilyrics
Oh yes, DC is known for its beauty and kind people.  Hahaha. Are u still crazy as ever or did u stop the illegal dr*gs? #MarchForOurLives
Sweet photo ...yesssss....
I miss this city 
Have fun Miley, and be vigilant.
*raise age 
* better deeper background checks
* mental medical records available          
   for gun background check. 
* if not ban assault rifles(I’m ok with 
   Them) have to get a license just 
    like a hunter does, with safety 
     course 
*crack down gun shows.
You two beauties :)
You're doing amazing!!
Hi cookie. Remember me from the alleycat?
Cuties!
Fads, slogans, and t-shirts won’t get real change. We need ideas and compromise to start. The right is way to right and left way to left. People like u that can reach a lot need to put out real ideas that can take hold.
two babes
pretty 
i love you

i love you so much
my girls
what the hell since when do you guys look so similar?! i remember seeing pics where you didn't look this much alike
you look so much like MT here omg @tishcyrus 
Gorgeous ladies 
My girls
My babies
I love u both!
lovely.#fam
Sweet angel
thank you for being there!
How come you never take me nowhere
I love u 
I know you have a sister
Correction I didn't know you had a sister
HERMOSAS
Oh yea
Claro
Legend
Succhi bene
You are a beauty
hope i see you somewhere in the crowd tomorrow for a pic if i dont randomly spot you today
QUEENS 
i love u so much i am ur biggest fan please respond to me
@ddlovato @ArianaGrande WE NEEDED THAT EPIC ENCOUNTER!! #MarchForOurLives
I love you  Girls... you rock 
I love you so fucking much ugh
vegan queen
I LOVE U TWO
Queen of veganism
Love you both so much
What is thissss where is itttt??? 
DC loves YOU bb 


That shake looks awesome!

Before It’s Too Late  
Vegan queen!! Meat eaters are shook
Have fun be safe 
@KwistilPewwy welp I know where your next vegan food adventure should be lol that looks v delicious
that's a lot of sugar!
Love u
Great pic ladies. Wish you the best of luck.
You support numerous causes @MileyCyrus 
Will you help mine? I have tweeted about it to you several times @MileyCyrus
YOU ARE SO BEAUTIFUL , WHAT A PERFECT FAMILY, IAM CRYING
This is giving me anxiety
miley you are very gorgeous and genius like my queen lady gaga
MEET ME
Welcome to DC! We are so happy to have you! Be sure to try SHOUK, NUVEGAN, BUSBOYS & POETS, HIPCITY VEG, STICKY FINGERS, & FANCY RADISH! ALL YUMAZING VEGAN PLACES/OPTIONS! #MARCHON Miley! <3
So cool Miley enjoy yourself my friend
Hey is it going to be live streamed
milley amazing
my girls 
love u babe
Cuties
All the best wish I was there to support such an amazing thing you are doing

Big sissy day! So happy @BrandiCyrus is with me for such a special moment! #MarchForOurLives   PS I Love DC! Such an amazing city with incredible Vegan options! Getting fueled up for tomorrow! TYPE BEAT
Professor Stephen Hawking has died at the age of 76, his family confirmed. TYPE BEAT 
miley, why u are so beautiful ???? :(
love you babe
Bravo baby i am so so much proud of you!! i love you. 
so beautiful! 
tomorrow #12YearsOfHannahMontana dont forget
love ya

Queen of eating vegan!!!! Carnivores could never!
my babies
YOUR BEST SIS EVEEERRR
cute 
lindad
my baby i love u so much 
Queens 
Both r soo cute
Thank you for supporting them, Miley!

woke queen of pop

Listen to my song "Forever Young and Rich" ft @jaghuligin  Follow my IG : mightyjoeee if you love my music        https://soundcloud.com/oey242/forever-young-and-rich-ft-jaghuligin-prod-by-madeinqc …
My girls 
