Irish culture appropriation at its finest. some people just can't stay white can they?
Racism as it's finest. When will we ever stop connecting things to a certain skin color?
there's no such thing as racism towards white people 
wtaf. saying there's no racism towards white people is actual racism
were we ever killed for our skin tho?
that is not what it is about. racism = being judged because of one's physcial characteristics.
when black people say they don't like whites... they have an actual reason for that. we as white people were never threatened or killed for the color of our skin
When someone black says “i don't like white people“ that's a major generalization and judging a group of people based on their appearance. That's racism.
Loviu bebi
QUEEN
again and my name is Roy Evans Jr aka. Knowledge4ss  Wow! you look great afther all these years  Miley on mee  I Love you With many xoxoxoxo
Hey BIG SHOUT OUT TO YOU Miley  this might sound crazy but this is JR from myspace  HOODSTARENT2008 not sure if you could remember me WHEN I USE TO watch your shows allot.. Yes I'm more that N just a soul music of talent and when we were a little younger it was really different

Eres arte mujer no sé cómo alguien puede como tú puede existir eres hermosa 
Love it!
love the green
Hi
TE AMOOO
Awesom photo
Its easy to find fools gold aka fake friends but real gold is hard to find.

#RealTillIDie
Nice
Whats it like to be so irrelevant that you have to post pictures and videos of yourself urinating in public to get any attention??
I almost thought that "friends are plot"
I'll have it all please
TURKISH SMILER <3
teehee love this!! #Chasetherainbow 


for us to grow more into an individual person with more development but it's my pleasure to meet you
My bby 
Miss u, marry me!!!
So true Miley
You’re doing amazing sweetie
a ti te hicieron esto?
#gorgeous 
Pretty
St Patrick
I'm inspired
Awesome
Hey Miley, skittles had a problem with rainbows along time ago! 
Have you seen unikitty yet?  
At the end of a rainbow is the little leprechaun sitting on a pot to piss in! 
when ur true irish the gold is urs then all the fake freinds try amd steal ur gold enjoy
Seriously we need to set up a photoshoot! That one must have been a blast! #lucky #potofgold ♡miley #lovecreatives
Ahhh Girl, so cool. Like it bunches Miley! Fan forever!
omg couldn't be more right
Beautiful I hope I am your friend shod. HAPPY NEW YEAR. Love you boos boos. If they ax me you want Gold or your friendship I will take our friendship 100%. First spring may bring you more Happyness and Love.
Is that chocolate coins?
Goodness so beautiful as always #childhoodcelebcrush
mileycyrus you're great pop singer am your fan mam you're all time  fabulous singer .all the very best you'r jaerney
Beautiful
I love u so much miles Cyrus .
Miles Cyrus .

I agree!!! I wish I could meet you, I think we would be friends. I'm sure you hear that everyday. ...You're funky like me and silly. *chest pump* & you'd love my animals
...and sinead o connor is sinead o connor
@MileyCyrus  switch into pink to green
Charmin
Muita massa
Pretty
I see good in you
U always want to make everyone happy u always do ur a good person
U r....rite
You're so gorgeous 

Who needs the gold when there's you. (the real treasure)
Fucking Gorgeous
Hhhhhh

Bacana
you look so pretty.  The green actually complements your skin tone.

Miley is getting prettier every day!
woww
linda demais meu deus
Wow
Wowzer's: You The Man 
I fucked a rhino..hell if I know..I touched his Clover..

legend
Great picture. Hello from Ireland. This paddies day was a great aul craic and a great bank holiday weekend. I recommend it.
@MileyCyrus 
Back on crack!
I love you  @MileyCyrus
Always a sunray in a room
Yes!
That’s code right? loL 
green really suits you！！！
Riquissima

U scare me
Oh look the snob
Love this pic, so colorful...
I'm yee old pot of gold y'all will never fund or find...
st patricks day
Your eye makeup.
Loveeee it
Quando vc abre sua carteira KKKKKKKKKKKKK @juiziliano
I love you<3
Looking beautiful
oye ociosa, vaya a producir!!!!!!
God Bless you,#33!Smile
i love you
Preach
give me some lol
You are the gold
Those better of had chocolate inside them gold coins.
Nice thought. Mind you,  it must be easier to say when you have the lot, and easier to get friends when you have the gold too. At least with  money you can be lonely and miserable in comfort. In the words of the song, money can't buy you love.
Sexy 
Very Cute haha you look good in green.             
You’re probably the only girl wearing green makeup without looking weird
ok
Hola
you might have fun. but i aint. pay up...
OLHA QUE BB @luanaceccatto
MEU DEUS DO CÉU EH O AMOR DA MINHA VIDA
SIM
chulada
Miley today is my birthday can you wish me a happy b’day?  I’m your Indonesian fan 
GIVE ME SOME!
That is so true!
pocket change ?

Don't you wish that was  real gold
You are so pretty
You are everything to me
Quiero tenerte en mi mesita de luz y ver tu carita todas las mañanas así haces mi vida un poco más linda 
cutie 
Vote for me.
loooove the green lips
Amen.
Please stick your tongue out more, I miss that. lol

Verdade
I love u
queennnn
A lot of fun you look like too haha
@Lorunse_Renulds
How
Beautiful eyes bb
U lov her but she lov gold huge gold digger born and educate for that .....
i like your hat. I hope you had fun on saint Patricks day, I offer  my condolences to Billy Ray Cyrus, Godspeed hun.
Hahahaha you always look like a fuckin boss! u lol
m7

Xo

Needed this 
Love you Miley
Queen
te amoooo
Miley your gold
yes they r....my little cute leprechaun@AmericanIdol @NBCTheVoice 
#MarchForOurLives
You are so beautiful u know?
Saludos Miley 
Can you release new music please 

RECO NOT PAYMET  MY 100  MIL $ ..
Beautiful my baby
gorgeous
i love u
what

Okay Mildred take this off
Give me your panties 
Sos hermosa my queen 
Bangerz 2.0 is coming isn’t it

Fun is brexit, brexit is the pot of brexit
did u use fenty beauty? (da lipstick) 
U should march this 24th & perform The Climb 
she is marching and possibly performing ☻
Wow! Really sissy @mileydrive_x she will marching.  I thought she will on tour with his dad
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH
love u
There she is: The emerald of a gal with the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow!
I love uuu
Yessss ... best friends are better than gold ... this teddy bear loves you @LV_DouDou_Bear
Beautiful! 
Well then where's the follow? ???? If we friends
I'll be your friend, then I will feel like a pot of GOLD.

wow
I like you because you are kinda strange. I will now give ya music a chance even though I'm a metal head
GOD: hello Miley love you 
Green is my favorite color so I approve this message 
PLaisir toi
SM3 AND AG4 ARE COMING
make up looks incredible
ai meu deus santa patrícia @pedrosanatomy
chapadassa que ela tava falsa rehab
give me one full of euros 
buy younger now on itunes
Hey
que ódio pq você é tão linda?????
@gabebovs
No
