
Miley Cyrus distances herself from hip-hop: "'Come sit on my d*ck, suck on my c*ck.’ I can’t listen to that anymore" http://trib.al/63XkPdL  
It’s funny how they all skip over this receipt right here, but argue everything else 
It’s funny how you aren’t capable of reading the whole interview and not just some twisted headline
She’s a hypocrite. She “distanced” herself from hip hop she didn’t agree with, then post herself dancing to a migos song. Artist who make the exact type of music she so-called distanced herself from. Fuck Miley Cyrus.
And yet your hating is benefiting her and it's not like she wants to collab with the Amgios. In fact she is just giving them relevance.....
Hanna Montana ain’t been relevant since leeching off hip hop. So who really makes who relevant? 
Miley Cyrus has always been relevant just because you don't vibe doesn't mean she's irrelevant #bitchisback
Offset, Cardi, Please do not give this Culture Vulture the time of day.
Pretty sure she doesn't care since she's richer and more talented than them but go off 
"Talented " yikes
Yup. Talented. Singer, songwriter, guitar and piano player, producer, actres. Want more ?
Offset is a better Rapper than she is a singer. Offset is a better songwriter. Remember he wrote Bad & bougie. Name a Miley song bigger than that. Producer, offset is better. And acting I'll take offset as well. Y'all see the Migos in Atlanta on Fx. Funny as hell.
Then come back when any of them just as one person be a Golden Globe, Grammy nominee, and Emmys winner. When they have 1B TV franchise under their name. When they sold 100 million record pure sales and when all of them combine match Miley net worth.
Net worth has nothing to do with talent b.
It takes talent for people to buy your music, watch your TV show and Movies (And Miley net worth is high because she did all! and sold books too :-)) And it takes TALENT to be nominated in Golden Globes, Grammys and win Emmys! :-)
Nah. You showed us your true colors. Your cookout invitation has BEEN revoked. Don’t even try it!
When she even get the first invite?
When black men became impressed with her struggle twerk. 
I was never impressed I was disappointed
I was disturbed
I was petrified
I was horrified
I was disgusted.

Thanx for this meme 
Naw u cancelled as hell bc u only like our stuff when it’s making you money. U tried to go innocent country girl & flopped so now u wanna come back. No thanks return to sender
She’s listening to a song sweetie it’s not that deep
it IS that deep. Y'all love using our culture for your convenience. this another example of it
Nobody used your culture for “convenience”. Her album was pop produced by a rap producer. Afterwards she said she doesn’t like its misogynistic nature and moved on to psychedelic pop in which Mike Will was involved too. Stretch before you reach
ight. outside looking in. I wouldn't expect u to understand
Streaming black artists is using your culture too?
Be careful because saying “black artists” may be labeled as racist too
jsjdj im genuinely asking tho. Should I delete all the black artists from my library? Apparently streaming them is racist and makes me a culture vulture
sjws are coming omg
What are sjws?
social justice warriors aka worst people on twitter
Oh thank u for the update
no problem
I thought SJW twitter was "Single Jewish Whites" instead of "Social Justice Warriors". Oh my I'm really over the hill now...at 34. I should be in bed.
Those acronyms really have me looking like I’m doing math
Stream delicate if you want to meet Miley
Lol and one thing im boy LOLLL
OMG LOL IM DYING
OMG I CANT 
apparently Miley is loving Cardi B
Not true, because the Queen of Rap is Nicki Minaj, and has no place on the throne for Cardi B
The Queen of rap Nicki? Never
Wake up to the world bitch
Go find a life
To be the queen of rap, you got sell records you got get plaques
sjw twitter is coming for you
The country music thing wasn't working out for her like the way she thought it would, but she feels like the black community will let her back in with open arms, unfortunately.
She's dancing to a song sweetie is to that deep
Yes she said she doesn’t like what modern hiphop is, but yet she’s listening too it? She’s full of shit.
Well she didn't lie tho
Yes she had an opinion that she saw wasn't profitable and then did a whole 180, no morals. If she really felt that way about hiphop why is she listening to it?
Well if she hates hiphop and she also wants to dance to it, it's her life, y'all love to bash women for no reason #2018Inquisition
Uh nice try with the feminism card, she's a hypocrite that happens to be a female. And yes it's her life, but it's not her culture, she doesn't have a right to shit on peoples culture after she benefitted from it, then come back when she's ready to make money again.
So dancing to a hiphop song is now culture appropriation?
black miley is coming, we stan an urban queen


Thanx for the meme
Miley stop hyping cardio b challenge 
It's a collab sis. WIG!!
Sis we all know it’s not skjsksjsk
*waiting for the comments saying she’s a culture vulture and appropriating*
Great gif selection
Wasn’t she trashing rap few weeks ago ? She showed her true color too quickly....now she’s cancelled.... indefinitely
Where was she trashing rap tho show me 
Hop off that bandwagon and build your own opinion u trashbag
Love ya giiiiiiiiirl
Let them come

Nicki Minaj is the most successful female on hip hop and she's far away from outselling Miley. So let's keep it real sis. Who needs this culture here?

Do you research girl, if Miley wants to be successful she will release a pop album. Hip hop is only profitable when it comes to streams. Not to mention Wrecking Ball and Party In The USA sold more than We Can't Stop. Facts are facts.
I guess but last time I checked a lot of artists are trying to use hip hop  music or trap music as an influence nowadays and Miley sure was trying to use that sound to get relevant or are we supposed to forget about bangerz?
She already had  some "urban sound" on 2013 & if she is about money she could have just continue it since it's a "successful era". To fit your narrative you all try to ignore the facts that after Bangerz she choose to release a FREE Psychedelic album! .
I forgot about that she surd did
See knowledge is power. Next time I suggest do some research first before assuming :-)
#BitchIsBack

Miley Cyrus distances herself from hip-hop: "'Come sit on my d*ck, suck on my c*ck.’ I can’t listen to that anymore" http://trib.al/63XkPdL  
And who are you?!
Didn’t you say you wasn’t down with hip hop anymore? We don’t want you sis.
Who cares if u want her. What ? Listening to hip hop is forbiden? They are putting music out for selling and stream. Should we stop streaming so they fall deep into a black hole ?

it’s only a matter of time before someone quotes this saying “the country thing didn’t work out so she’s back ”
It's true tho
You are way way better than cardi B LOL she's just a blip on the screen and will be over in a second
Well tell her quit tap dancing to get noticed by someone who will be over quick. Yall can keep her, we dnt want her


collab please
Back to pop & hip hop, pleaseeee
The Hip Hop/Black Community has effectively banned her from our culture.
Eu perguntei alguma coisa?

Delete this
Delete sis .... you will be dragged ...
Why ? I don’t understand. 
Delete
Black twitter can't come for you because you're like 3% black I think
demi outafricaned
tea, demi created Africa
Queen 
WTF?

Delete
I’m a Miley fan btw SJW twitter 
The culture vulture strikes again....
Dat country/pop ting didn’t work out huh?

you‘re doing amazing queen

I think the trash is where I found your dry ass edges
Lmao u sound kinda mad bro....u mad?
Nah sis I'm just serving tea wbu? You seem pretty mad about Miley listening to the 3 amigos
nope just stating the majority opinion here...which is Miley’s music= ...basic math babe
LMAOOOOO you are so mad rn and I am loving it.
please miley leave us alone
Didn’t she diss rap as a genre bc it disrespects women
I thought this ho didn't like rap anymore

Get the hell out of hip hop and rap music appropriator
Yaaaaasss 
Miley: *breathes*
Black Twitter: how dare she steal our culture?
No
This just reminded me to block her ass

The culture vulture is back.....

BITCH.
Miley Cyrus distances herself from hip-hop: "'Come sit on my d*ck, suck on my c*ck.’ I can’t listen to that anymore" http://trib.al/63XkPdL  



As Irish Americans, we can’t celebrate our heritage without first coming to terms with the fact that our identity is constructed on a foundation of anti-Blackness. A thread about that history for #StPatricksDay:
This song is about to go higher on the charts!

But once again Miley, go back to Country!
BLACK QUEEN
Girl.... you know damn well you regret shitting on tap and hip hop bc you couldn’t make a single dollar on that trash folk music you tried to release. Now look who’s crawling back from the trailer park
Yep coz Malibu just sold 6 million WW :-) By the way Miley can buy your fave 2x & still be millionaire! Don't worry about Miley, worry about Ariana that even working like a robot for 6 years (After focus flop she have to beg Scooter to manage her again) she still 35mil worth only
Lmaoo scooter was arianas manager for focus, which peaked at 7... btw he was the one that forced her to release the song. get your facts straight lol. 6M ww is not an accomplishment CTFU. Also no one cares about their networths when you’re an attention seeking, culture culture
It's is 2018. Stop being a fake woke bitter SJW and move on!
Lmao Miley profits off black ppl it’s not fake
hahaha... If making music with black Artist means to profit of black ppl whel Ariana did to!... Isn't she collaborated with Nicki and other Rappers too. She just didn't got drag coz Miley already open the doors for her peers!
Girl she openly called hip hop trash after making millions off it a few days before she’s a fake, let that hurt go. She doesn’t even know you exist sweetheart
And so what if Miley don't know I exist. Do are Ariana know you personally? hahahaa.... "openly called hip hop trash after making millions" another proof being a fake woke bitter SJW. Show exactly where she trash hip hop.
After all that bullsh......you know what
The black delegation never wanted her to begin with. Please take your white supremacist tale on somewhere.
As long as your commenting on my post, you are a white supremacist. Miley Cyrus will hop on what's trending and will disrespect the genre when she's done with it. You nor her are to be trusted. #Muted
“I can’t listen to hip hop anymore” - Miley
Your last album went double aluminum and now you're back on black culture after trashing us. Culture vultures 

Miley Cyrus distances herself from hip-hop: "'Come sit on my d*ck, suck on my c*ck.’ I can’t listen to that anymore" http://trib.al/63XkPdL  
' I can't listen to that anymore. That's what pushed me out of the hip-hop scene a little. It was too much 'Lamborghini, got my Rolex, got a girl on my c*ck' – I am so not that." You said that girl....
R E T I R E

Who is she appropriating... the Irish, Dr. Suess or hip hop culture? Pick one
I love you so muchhh pt.2
YOU GIVE NO FUCKS SJSJSJA ILY

Miley Cyrus distances herself from hip-hop: "'Come sit on my d*ck, suck on my c*ck.’ I can’t listen to that anymore" http://trib.al/63XkPdL  
Pls stop stanning cardi b
I can already see the sjw’s jdsksjjs

@rubyyyyyyyy_ @jaaaygonzalez_ aw Robby’s song
True  gone but never forgotten
Now all the folks on Bruno got something to talk about...
That young lady who talked about Bruno Mars won't say nothing about Miley Cyrus fake ass.
Have you seen her channel cuz she did lol
Obviously she didn't do her research because Bruno has Black people with creation of all genres of music.
Is this the same Miley who “distanced” herself from hip hop for numerous reason and now she dipping back in for fun? *yikes*
Yes distanced not leave,and is this the same dry edged bitch that who was bumping Miley's music in your Milk truck
Her context was everything. She left and she ain’t invited back to the cookouts
The door closing on your possible HipHop Return Lol
Nah fam remember you trashed hip hop to get Some Disney clout back
I thought u was done with never mind......

Miley Cyrus distances herself from hip-hop: "'Come sit on my d*ck, suck on my c*ck.’ I can’t listen to that anymore" http://trib.al/63XkPdL  
Stay away from them colonizer !
Oh. It’s you again.
Stay away from Hip Hop
YOU’RE NOT WELCOMED BACK IN HIP HOP
But he's a homophobe 
Delete this before you get dragged
Miley stahhhp stop hyping cardio 
just say you want a hit ft cardi omg we get it
Ain't this the same fool that was saying hip hop has no substance.
A fool is someone who twist others words or those who easily believe those twisted words. Show exactly where in her interview she said hip Hop have no substance.

 
@LEXYYcanI
perfect
LOL. your “indie carefree flower girl” era FLOPPED so now your crawling back to black people on your hands and knees NOPE u lame boo boo can of beans lookin bitch ! fuck u !
she does NOT care ONE BIT about MY MAN or HIP HOP IN GENERAL SHES A BITCH ! YES I SAID IT B-I-C-T-H

But Miley since your last album flipped now you’re going back to hip hop? Girl bye culture vulture at its finest
I saw a pic of miley cyrus drinking a beer and pissing in the dirt with no pants on... she’s trash on top of being a culture vulture

I guess hillbilly culture wasn’t working



When going back to “White purity” doesn’t work and you know that imitating what you think is black culture made you relevant. 
why aren’t you in full kilt & shillelagh? we know how much you like wearing other people’s culture as a costume
I thought you didn’t listen to rap anymore & were trying to be Hannah Montana again. 
Wtf 
Why is Cardi tagged and this isn’t her song? Girl you ain’t getting no clout
lmfaoooo this is cute
Lol black twitter is coming for you
https://youtu.be/2SLK02W_r2Y 
sjw twitter dragging miley. graphic representation
YOUR LAUGH
you’re gonna get dragged
i’m waiting for the day she flops for doing shit like this because
" 'Come sit on my dick, suck on my cock.' I can't listen to that anymore. That's what pushed me out of the hip-hop scene a little. It was too much 'Lamborghini, got my Rolex, got a girl on my cock' – I am so not that." - Miley, what’s good? 
Her bank account! And her making you all again bitter and bothered why she just simply dancing and having fun 
Lol. Bitter? white mediocrity, appropriation, and anti-blackness, what’s there to be bitter about??? Calm down. Funny how her own words got y’all acting wild spicy. 
Yeah bitter. Imagine being so pressed and being a fake woke SJW just because she post a video having fun listening to hip Hop music. Take your own advice and calm down 
Lmao. I’m calm. All I did was post her own words, you gotta take that up with her . You’re the only one bothered enough to respond to me, have that same energy when you respond to your girl Miley’s own words. 
But... wait
Nope! Have a seat Milly!
@hebeiris I thought hip hop was just a phase and not the real her...
But didn't you say it's.. Nah nevermind.

Rhythm still missing.

Why is it so hard to stay on beat. She make music and can't keep no kind of rhythm 



Yeahhhh right you thought you had it huh 
Looks like a jacked up Grinch costume. She should have dressed up as a tiestick of weed

wait miley, no. i thought hip-hop was anti-woman, negativity that you want no part of? #FOH #MileyCyrus
why cant you just stop
If this is an omen you’re making another album like Bangerz hard pass.
So should it expect you to flip out again So you Can Blame It On Hip-Hop Again
After she leached off hip-hop she distance herself from it. Thats What all these white artist do. Only white artist gets a pass is @Eminem
Culture culture w/ a flop album & in the middle of a law suit so is now resorting to desperate measures say whaaaa?
Oh so you're back to making money off black people's culture huh? Interesting.
Sis, I thought you said you no longer listen to rap with no meaning? Change of heart since that album tanked, huh?
This hoe ugly
Ew. She shoulda Kept this shit in 2013
What in the world?
See Black People..when you let a Pimp get away with f**king you..then you shouldn't be surprised..when they try to f*** you again.
She finna slip and throw up some signs soon.....but imma say we been knew
Always trying to eat off black American culture
Miley be like
No.
Didn’t you say you wasn’t down with hip hop anymore? Baby we want you back to it
#Onesie
I think the fuck not coloniser
Love u bbyyyy
Stupid
leave our culture alone thanks.
Would have been more interesting if it was Irish Rover and she was doing a Flatley Jig  There's always next year
Mood 
I love her laugh i don't know why
Beautiful video 
Do that thing, wit two elbows!!!
No Chinese
white ppl r craZy
Please stop. You look crazy. Fun and funny are one thing... but, you go to questionable drugged or crazy level. Just when I thought you were growing up.
Omg #BitchIsBack
Queen of not giving a fuck
La risa del final ay
BANGERZ 2.0?!!!

My queen my queen 
She ruined Hannah Montana 
She ruined her own music career
Now she trynna ruin cardi LOL JKKKK
It s cool to know the same beat ring... Love u 
It s cool to know the same beat ring in the flat... Love u 
Xdxdxddd
Khe
I miss the Hannah Montana just by looking at this video
 Your not a kid like that anymore.
haha
1
At least she's a #Celtics fan.
That 23 alright that's what up ring  wining it up and all dat   eah or twerking um Li li u  y 
Nice vedio

Cool
@MileyCyrus @OffsetYRN @iamcardib

Hi

c u l t u r e  v u l t u r e  !!!
Nice
Booo
CRAZY GIRL
But didn't she saw she "distances", herself from this same culture  just stick to being Hannah Montana...
What did she do wrong

Miley has everyone shook under this tweet I’m SCREAMING  queen of getting people bothered by just dancing
