Omg collab
Buy "hard rain" by lykke li on itunes
Deep End says hi 
OK but the ending of hard rain >>
But the beginning and bridge of Deep End >>
OK tea!
ne diyon lan oldururum senş
yaraamı ye
So delighted you are so happy, nowadays. You are such a gifted artist, & you provide an old rocker like me many hours of listening pleasure.More important in the scheme of things, though, your generosity in both deed &words to people in need behind the scenes truly sets you apart
Collabs coming
YESSS #MAYley #MileyIsComing
Love you 
I want m7 queen
we want bangerz 2.0
LEGENDS COLLAAAAAAAAAAAB
QUEEN!!! LOVE U

#MAYley #MileyIsComing
EAT SHIT AND DIE- FOR A FRIEND, RILEY. :P
NEW MUSIC PLEASE 
What kinda look is that lol!
Love you 

Yesssss two iconic uptempo depressive queens !
we stan
love you 
Hi miley
Having fun and working hard . We love a smart queen 
btw who is lykkeli

collab
@geneelr
QUEEN OF POP
I absolutely love Miley, but Madonna is the Queen of Pop. 
This is not my opinion, but fact, and I'm certain that Miley would agree.
i was just kidding, i know mdna is the real queen, but MY queen is mc
Oh my god two of my queensssssss
Better watch what you say n believe half of what you see !!
NEW MUSIC PLEASE
QUEENS
HERMOSAS
Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds.

Yessss 
She is coming #Mayley
She is total trash!
Yes, it is SCABIES. : D
I exposed my Miley obsession in my #NEWVIDEO https://youtu.be/cKfs3HIkoso 











My Queen queen queen
My angle 
Miley is my Queen 
Miley is real Angel 
Angle 
My life
Miss you my princess
Miley where you are come to Instagram
Miley Miss you my angle
Miley Miss you so much
Miss you queen
Miss you queen 
hello

Amazing!!!!!!!! 
Sorry Miley 
You have to stay in the line like the rest of the people.
Yeah, he sew santenced.
You heard this, am I right? *BOA CONSTICTER* yes, YES, We, Heard.
Your cool actually
Yes 40.9 million followers for Miley now let's get even  higher so awesome
I know the murder weaospon, barry. BAGEL BOSS. : |
Miss you miley 
Miss you miley
Miss you miley 
Miss you miley 
Miss you miley 
Miss you miley 
Miss you miley 
Miss you miley 
Miss you miley 
Miss you miley 
Miss you miley 
Miss you miley 
Miss you miley 
Miss you miley 
Miss you miley 
Miss you miley 
Miss you miley 
Miss you miley 
Miss you miley  
Miss you miley 
Miss you miley 
Miley Cyrus I want to be like you
4,000,000,000 : 1 with hardly any real ed. G-d wins. Love trumps hate.
Hey @MileyCyrus Turn up

Just wanted to say... all your stuff that you have been going for was for nothing.... you all had them at the climb
Oh my god
Dave's right, you know. I have to *RELAX*.
cones, brought.
stop that. I am just tired, and bordde ;d/
BANNED FRIMO BUSS FEED, AM IT RIGHTS>?











Hola Miley  mi cuento de The Beauties ya va en la página cinco , ustedes son bailarinas de los gallineros pobres y chisquiadas @PaulMcCartney @BeatlesPeteBest @OfficialKaelyn @ArianaGrande
la canción autobiográfica de Ariana i want to lick your bread , sigue en primer lugar 
Ohyeah i tell you something i think you'll understand when i say that something i want to lick your bread i want to lick your bread i want to lick your bread and when i touch your bread with my tongue i feel happy inside it's such a feeling that my love i can't hide i can't hide
ya inventé la página seis de mi cuento de The Beauties , Ariana y Miley son bailarinas en los gallineros y Miley extraña a sus amigas 
oi amada, saudades.
Remember Hendersonville?
I love you so much!!!!!!
Gatinhas 
omg i never imagined this #legends
Yeah, a party  gal!
hay babe pleas my help us
HEEMOSAS
QUEENS
te amo
Give it up for miley cyrus..
@lykkeli hands off my baby
A party with You Two would be a real dream.
If you, being the amazing young woman you are, stopped saying the "f" word, then girls all over the world would notice and stop too. What an awesome generation of women that would make.
Miley I got it got it finally a condom that's xxl wide the one
@MileyCyrus you must listen to this song He 'll Never love you by @HayleyKiyoko  it is Strangely looks like a reply to your song SHE IS NOT HIM  

Wau lediglich you can good night's prenses
What about you my love, when is it your time to be Lykkelig(happy)??..you've opened a giftshop i see, giving is a kind of Lykkelig(happiness) or can be..MissU..ILU

WTF !
Depressive song coming?
like u @MileyCyrus ,u re soo unconventional !!! and soo sensitive, expressive and....sexy,yes,sexy. naturally sexy.
Kiss her Mikey 

te amo mamá
t amo
legends
Lykke li? Chun-Li's impact. Stream and buy #ChunLi & #BarbieTings & #NoTearsLeftToCry
Esperando ese single desde ya.
  faves

I i follow i follow you, deep sea baby 
icones
Bellassss 
FEATTTTTT
Collaboration is coming
Have fun my friend Miley  your the best  in the World
You'll posted at least two photos in a row without your tongue showing.  Progress!
Queeen 
I love sou much 
Actually given up on you
Queens
ok why the oww  face !!! did she have 5 o'clock shadow ...now now .jk.cute pic...
still gives me goose bumps.
  @themagician

