also foreign policy speachwriter Richard Burt...
Kislyak was invited to the foreign policy speech in Apr and sat on the front row. Who invited Kislyak?
Hopefully all will serve time in jail!
So did crooked hilliary and barack.  "I'll have more latitude after the election"
Hey add Wilbur Ross to this list!  And Tillerson!
Page, former adviser to @realDonaldTrump, says Flynn an individual with "great integrity"
That’s a good calibrating statement.
So, how do we get them out? they R traitors, they lie 2our faces then lie about lying..under oath.they mock us openly yet no impeachment
Why not B = & name those from @HillaryClinton & obama who spoke with Russians we're not naive or stupid you're TROUBLING
Stop the euphemisms. It's not troubling, it's an attack on our democracy for a foreign power! It's espionage at best, treason in reality!
How about Hillary Clinton's communications with Russian officials?
The list of Republican Senators and Congressmen who have denounced Candidate Ganforte's assault of a reporter yesterday....
......
......
..
I just want to be able to sleep at night again without being terrified that my family will lose our healthcare & die
What's more troubling is you don't list the Democratic Senators who have communicated with the Russians too!!!!!!
Read us the '28 pages' on the 9/11 report, 
"We the People" inquire, 
Quit embarrassing yourself ,
Makes you look 'STUPID'
Sheesh !
I feel like there's no place for me in trumps America. Me or my family. We get to live in horror as they profit off of us.
Are you against communicating with Russian officials? Like Clinton did? Like Obama did? "tell Vladimir I can be more flexible after elect.."
These guys can be removed or IMPEACHED (AG) IF we can ELECT MORE DEMS to stop the GOP from supporting such men.
@amjoyshow keep doing California Proud!!!!!
California needs to join the rest of the country and follow federal law.
Trump isn't following federal law.
what about the Democrats he'll Hillary Clinton sold 20% of United States uranium to the Russians
A private company owned and sold that uranium. She just didn't stop them. I thought Republicans liked free market!
um no she helped set the deal up through intermediaries some from Canada
LOL NOPE. As SecState, she had one vote in a committee of nine that allows or blocks uranium sakes. That's it.
it's public knowledge she had a hand in it even intelligence officials admitted it .
Source?
He has no source
They never do.
you forgot Pelosi, obama etc
How would you, if at all deal with Russian communication??
Save AMERICA vote Against the GOP 2018,2020
I'm sorry but they are all guilty as sin in my eyes. Not that that matters, but these people are destroying our country & our democracy.
@CapehartJ Trump children
It should be SO clear to all: Dems did NOT lose fair & square. Illegal foreign meddling w collusion = FOUL!
Normal business is NOT deeply troubling.
Sessions? head of the DOJ?
More than troubling. As a constituent I ask that you please push on this. This goes deep. BTW I see the Russian bots are out in force.
Is there anyone in the @GOP who ISN'T besties with the Russians?? 

*crickets
It's deeply troubling to CA voters that you do nothing to further their interests, spending all your time obstructing and smearing @POTUS.
Thank You!; Retweet; from May 2nd, 2017 ; Sen.Kamala Harris of Oakland,California
So is your refusing to meet with your constituents
Might as well add The Donald to that list!! We know he did, and still does!!
And isn't Ivanka best buds with Putin's mistress/girlfriend?
and special assistant on Trump Team.....#BorisEpshteyn
Wilbur Ross...no, sorry, he just laundered money.
Altho over there it's hard to distinguish gov't from organized crime
They all have to go. Move to Russia so you can be closer to Putin guys, incl @POTUS
Oh there is more...
That ought to do it, no?
a bit more than troubling ma’am
The list keeps growing... you can't make this stuff up...
#TrumpsCoverup   #TrumpRussia  #TrumpRussiaDiversion   #trumpIspathologicaliar,
Clintons "communicated" with Saudis, King of Morocco, Russian uranium, Honduran junta. No complaint about that - hypocrisy.
Who knew it was illegal to talk to Russians? I missed that edict. Frankly I am more concerned about what went on with Iran!
Not enough room to tweet list of Dems.
http://mobile.nytimes.com/2015/04/24/us/cash-flowed-to-clinton-foundation-as-russians-pressed-for-control-of-uranium-company.html … pay to play must be okay with you though, traitor
yeah really deep. Phew. I may have a seriously hilarious laugh Kammy!!
please alert me to when they,in the middle of the night fly pallets of billions in cash to the Russians, then I will listen
you've seen the same list of Democrats that met with Russians too you phony. 
list of Foundations taking big money from Russians: 1. Clinton
Kamala Harris you are deeply troubling you are standing in the way of making America work again
ITS ONLY GOING TO GET WORST AND trumps LIES GET MORE AND MORE IMAGINATIVE AS TIME GOES BY
Big league sad!
In the cases of Sessions, Flynn, and Kushner, who spoke with the Russian ambassador, this is hardly troubling.
Please stop promoting a false narrative to justify why Americans are deserting the Democratic Party.
<< What's more troubling is your Idiocy
All the President's Men 2. Doesn't end well. Ivanka gonna have to choose between Daddy and hubby#savehubby
@SamIam7715 what politicians did not meet with the Russian government?
idk
.@SenKamalaHarris also make @SpeakerRyan turn phones back on so Americans can voice support 4 #medicare etc #shameful #unamerican #corrupt
Lets talk about all you dems that communicted with the Russians shall we? Except the list is too long for 140 characters
@seanhannity May be we should also publish a list of Obama Admin who met with Russian. 
Obama, 
Sen Schumer
Nancy Pelosi
@amjoyshow What about Cohen Stone and Donald Jr?
Lock them all up
.@SenKamalaHarris Deeply troubling to whom?  The people of the USA are not troubled.. as we know it is a left wing conspiracy theory.
Hey, let's talk about all the democrats in California that have gone to jail, shall we, like Leland Yee & pals
@BreitbartNews @realDonaldTrump   If you have nothing to hide - show us your taxes.
2/ It is hard to believe that key GOP players did not also collude with Russia in order to ensure a GOP win. VERY troubling
1/ Senator, I feel we should also be concerned with the "white washing" of other cabinet members, and supporters.
Tell that to the RNCorrupt legislator in California.
Indeed it is...investigate!
@MadisonSiriusXM So did jackass Obama 22 times. . . Troubling!
Deeply troubling indeed
And Walid Phares, PhD
fake news now dumbocrats list cum on let's chat it , obummer drove USA into ground n u no help Americans #termlimits
Equally troubling is the unhinged attack on Obama this morning and the accusations. Trump needs to be removed. Now.
Stop Spreading Ignorance..To the LEFT LADY
you should probably add Trump to the list and a few others. Extremely troubling!!!
Roger Stone. Surely several at least to be uncovered.
All the President's Men.
when will the Impeachment of Trump begin ?
You forgot. "Trump..."
And that is on the "#SO_FAR " list. #heavenhelpus

And "Deeply troubling" doesn't even scratch the surface.  #Trumputingate
and deeply deeper, me thinks!
Democrats are the lowest form of scum!
The list of Hillary's supporters whose butts are deeply hurting Kamala  Harris, Nancy Pelosi , Chuck Schumer , John Brennan
@amjoyshow Trump Jr paid $ to meet pro Russian group!
You forgot Wilbur Ross
You should love your girl Nancy denying that she ever met the ambassador, and yet there she is across the table from him!
Don't forget Puppet trump too!
you need to update your list #TrumpRussia
Very troubling that some think it's the media!
so what? According to many news services Obama did so much worse n hurt Americans as he planned.
Yeah, Manafort.  Don't forget Manafort.
Which is why IF Obama had Trump wiretapped, as Trump alleges, the president had every reason to do so.
I believe spicer did a little bitness in Russia did he not?
indeed.  How about Ross?
Yes. we know. As my elected official tell me what you are doing about it.
list the Dems too please... IT WILL ALL come out and u might not like it.
Michael Cohen, Trump's lawyer, also under suspicion.
@lara_square Communicated in closed door, small-group, secret meetings. Extremely troubling.
LOL Did you lose your pacifier?
and Kamala Harris
Don't forget:
Tillerson
Phares
Donald Jr
Elected officials like yourself shouldn't push fake news conspiracy theories on your gullibly simple-minded followers.
Put #RexTillerson at the top of the #Russia #List! Since #Rexxon is a #VIP friend of #Putin. #Russiagate #Putinspuppet 
Let's get to those hotel sex tapes!
you missed Tillerston ExxonMobil mobile the guy got a award directly from Putin . He want the sanctions lifted badly
@PrincessBravato and others with questionable ties to Russian money-Ross
"We The People " want the truth !  - Watergate all over again !
@retrosher Ross, Tillerson, Bannon, Devos, Trump, Ivanka, Trump jr, every fucking one of the people involved in the admin.
@retrosher 
#ShowYourTaxes
#DonTheCon
Please stop ICE deportations of undocumented people. Separating families is a crime!
@babsben *that we know about*
push for independent prosecutor who can subpoena those sealed Tax Returns.
and Ivanka and Kushner
I think DJT jr as well.  He speaks Russian
It's deeply troubling how you got elected .
That we know of!
why don't you put the list of advisors who didn't communicate with Russia. You will use way less characters
Im almost certain that there will be things coming out that are TRULY DEEPLY TROUBLING  about some Democrats .....
So far.  There will be more.
@CitizenWonk The GOP pulled off the greatest election heist in American history.
@davidcicilline OK Democrats meeting with Russians
Clinton
Reid
Obama
Pelosi
Bill Clinton
Very disturbing!
Keep at this. It's there.
@MadisonSiriusXM why so prej·u·dice toward Russia? I have Russian friends and there great people. I'm confused w/ the hate
nothing wrong with Russians. being demonized by the media.
really what's your nationality?
American.
@subliminal_cat Can you now provide a list of the Democrats who bave done the same? I can.
The collusion and lying to congress is the problem. Sessions should be packing his bags any minute.
I believe he answered "the question he was asked" honestly.

Did he discuss "Trump campaign" w/Russians?
pelosi schumer communicated with russians also throw them out traitor to america!!!
@CitizenWonk don't forget Rudy.
yes it is troubling
you forgot the Charlatan 's name!! Com artist and the real crooked, deceitful politicians. Such a " nasty" group!
have a look at obama and pelosi... lol... trump haters...
@CitizenWonk add ivanka vacay with Wendy
@Ash10222 Don't forget Ivanka!
don't forget the Dems who also did the same thing!
Your own Demonic Party is what is troubling.
And the list will keep growing -- with Trump at the top of the list. He. Must. Resign. #resist #persist
@amandablount2 

At least this many, probably more.
Where is the Democrat list? I miss it, or, you short circuited.
So far, it keeps growing 
@amjoyshow keep it up girl ABSOFUCKINGLUTLY
@davidcicilline WHO CARES! Bet could come up with equal or LONGER Democrats who meet w/ Russian STUPIDITY RUN RAMPANT!
commisioner Gordon...?
@seagal_lori traitors in the government is what troubles Americans
Deeply troubling - all Dems who met with Russians then denied it.  Please explain.
@RobGiles well in their defense....ugh, I got nothin'
What's troubling is demos incessant chant of the Russians. No evidence of collusion. Midterms will show dems bad strategy
It is troubling. GOP stonewalling anything to do with Trump & Russia. We know why. What action will @SenateDems take now?
@watchyourSen It's a list of those KNOWN to have talked w/ Russian officials SO FAR. Not the same thing. #SpecialProsecutor
Look at you acting like a xenophobe. You know you would love Russia if it was the USSR.
ivanka?
So what is the crime and where is your evidence? Isn't one and Isn't any is the answer! Witch hunt.
What's even more troubling? @realDonaldTrump at Marlago on unsecured WiFi; AsWellAs, costing taxpayers $3M per weekend n Fl
don't forget the kid's Ivanka and Don
Ivanka
nothing to see here. Move along.
not for the #deplorablesCULT
ma'am you're missing one 

Trump
and who in the Republican party has raised their hand in concern?
@PrincessBravato as troubling as the list of Nazis & racists Bannon has on speed dial?
LOCK THEM ALL UP!
Dems who communicated with Russian officials:McCaskill, Feinstein,Pelosi,Obama"Tell Vlad I can do more after election?"
what is also troubling is how trumpanezes could care less that Russia invaded the WH. Traitors all of them.
These are the ones we KNOW of. Who else?
This is unlikely to be a complete list, More important question is: What are they trying so hard to hide?
so far.
please keep fighting for an independent investigation.
Seems photos of Pelosi and Chuck Schumer have surfaced should they resign?
@Livingston442 When finished draining the septic tan more officials will be circling the drain..Why else fight process??
#Kompromat
Also, his son. Wouldn't doubt his daughter may have too.
@amjoyshow ha.wait till they get to the Meat.
Trump himself.
You'll see bodies strewn about then.!
@paulrovira1   Add Pelosi
Love their everybody does it explanation.
@amjoyshow all traitors
