If you are on disability for a length of time u get Medicare. This covers the entire bill of dialysis. Stop scaring ppl. Ur a embarrassment
I hope in conjunction with gutting Medicaid, they'll be taking off many who were wrongly given medicaid under crazy Obamacare.
Should we infer that you're eith the "let them doe quickly " faction?
In that case, do you prefer euthanasia, it death by neglect?
You, sir, are confusing health INSURANCE with health CARE.  Never do that.
Ok, you can repeat talking points, but do you know what you're talking about?
How do risks, premiums, and deductibles play in a risk pool?
Do you know what actuaries have to do with insurance, or are meaningless talking points the full extent of your knowledge?
I sure do and those at risk were many of those with free insurance coverage and free medical coverage.
So we know you can brag, but fo you have a clue?
How does it work, if you're not just bluffing?
Bluff and bluster aren't really much.
I don't think there should be a Medicaid. I'm not in any way for socialized healthcare. It's not a right.
Arkansas governor just said that they have to stop entitlements that means sorry about the kids & old people but tough love hurts
No.. it means save our kids future.. how many trillions in debt u want 2 leave them? Instant gratification generation u must b..
It has nothing to do with health or with care it is only the need for greed
Is it worse than the failed ACA? Remember Trump won as ACA failed in many states.  Or do you want to destroy USA like you did to CA?
Do insurers want to sell those plans?
@meandmrsjones2 Sounds like par for the course for #TrumpCare
How many trillions of dollars debt do you want us to leave our future Generations? Omission is the same as lying
LIAR
Terrible plans that they say won't work under any circumstances and will leave millions more uninsured
Why are Senate republicans exempting themselves from this healthcare package. If it's not good for them it's not good for us!
Eugenics in a Sunday hat
We need single payer hlthcare universal coverage it is the only answer providing care to all
@GOP needs psychological evaluations by a team of experts. They are not in their right minds. Stop calling it a healthcare bill.
May we the people have your plan? :)
No Democrats nor Independents and no women were allowed into process of drafting current health care plan. Also, no debates allowed. #GOP
Not a supply-sider, generally, but supply-side solutions like trying to lower the cost to provide "good" healthcare need to be the focus.
I'd rather have option of buying a "terrible plan" than not be able to afford ACA & pay a HUGE Tax. I listen to Rand Paul.  He has a clue.
@RandPaul know what's up. I was an IT Project Management Consultant in Insurance & Financial Services Industry, so I know you're an idiot 
Shame on all D's for NOT coming up w/ a GOOD set of talkpoints on how to  #FixACA! Why not? Agree on THREE points, flood the airways!
Without proper insurance I WILL DIE. Medicare is a lifeline to my continued existence.
@thereallisababy @lisamurkowski Also my preexisting won't be covered. Basically nothing will be, Unless you are in Congress
So what's new!?!? #LOL
YAY!!!! Oh...wait...but repubs keep telling us this is great. It looks like evil, smells like evil, talks like evil, but...they say it's not

Just when U think they couldn't come up with anything worse.  GOP comes up w another way 2 screw everyone w their latest & greatest abysmal
You libtards don't get it, this bill is about giving people the freedom to choose which shitty insurance plan is right for them.
It's unbelievably bad.Thank you for continuing to speak out. Please get your fellow senators on board. Then start working on single payer.
Every time these folks got back to the proverbial drawing board they come out with something as bad or worse. They need a new drawing board.
@BetsyShiller
Its main feature is that it smashes a single risk pool into lots of little bitty risk.polls, none of them viable.
Because we shud not have to choose what state to live in because their governor isnt a dick! Excuse my french
Why is there enrollment dates for the ACA? You can only enroll in Nov & Dec thats not helpful? And healthcare shud come from the federal gov
my first clue that the new plan was horrible, was that Cruz provided a key amendment.
@SenateGOP @SenateDems  Do not enact this @SenateMajLdr MADness into law.   's ACA
No to this bill. It's no good to the majority of Americans!
@mcspocky @SenateGOP #WeThePeople  want the same health care plan as Congress
You can read more about it here, “Trumpcare 3.0: From Bad to Worse”
I lived thru this #healthcare #insurance HELL!Families may as well put paychecks on the grill and light a fire! You get NOTHING! @marcorubio
Text RESIST to 50409 and it will easily fax letters to your Senators in 5 minutes! It's great! Do this please! Help one another!
http://www.nbcnews.com/storyline/americas-heroin-epidemic/senate-health-care-bill-no-fix-opioid-epidemic-experts-say-n782721?cid=sm_npd_nn_tw_ma …
Sandoval and Kasich hopefully will prevent this atrocity from becoming law

Looks like the Snake-oil Salesmen are back in America #Trumpcare #uspoli #MakeAmericaSickAgain
This will impact everyone ultimately health care cannot be treated like car insurance
You're less than you think you are....
@GOP in the pocket of big $$$ insurance industry. They don't care at all about average Americans so long as they can line their own pockets.
Coverage but no care
and allows senators to KEEP Obamacare for themselves (protects THEIR essential benefits). Truly disgusting.
@mcspocky BUT don't cha know it's ALL for the Poor Little  (BIG) 
 INSURANCE Companies ?
The crappy plans are targeted to young people and will further drive up the costs for older people who need better coverage.
What about PP?
But if passed it will allow the Republican Merchants of Death to move on to more tax cuts for the rich. So its not all bad
Socialise your healthcare system. That'd make America great again

A wolf by any other name...
If you get sick just send all your money to the insurers and then jump off a bridge.
Are you saying it's not fantastic? Is it slightly beautiful?
Dear Senator:  The people want to know do you support single-payer health care ?  The answer can come easy please:  Yes or no.  Thank you.
The problem with our healthcare system is it's for profit. #SinglePayer is the only way to provide care to everyone.
These cheap junk ins plans will hurt the poor.
Its like payday loans for health insurance.
Insurance companies make a killing from this. 
Every "improvement" @SenateMajLdr makes to this bill makes it considerably worse each and every time.
To think they spent 7 yrs saying how bad the ACA is and this is their solution. Smh
Health evasion
Death care
Insurance only works when RISK is averaged DOWN! That's done by keeping average age down and average health condition high.
That's Y states like California must maintain their own legislation that denies insurers the opportunity to offer these exploitative plans.
As with large risk pools of # of PEOPLE insured, large risk pools of WHAT is insured also averages down costs for coverages.
Goodbye @SenateGOP
AND it still contains that huge tax break for the fat cats. Why is no one talking about that anymore? It's Wealthcare not healthcare.
And leaves older Americans and those  with pre-existing conditions with unaffordable coverage.
well i mean, duh...did you think they would all of a sudden come up with something good?  vote no, kthx!
Get insurance and for profit out of health care. We need a single payer system. Thanks for all you do and all you try to do.
No, it doesn't.
#Trumpcare is bull #SaveOurCare  reapeal&replace 45Regime #25amendmentnow #TrumpRussia 
Please push legislation that whatever they pass for Citizens must be what Congress & Senate get also! Thank you! @RepAdamSchiff @SenSchumer
And they still don't care. As rep Mo Brooks said they must have their tax cuts.
Counting on you to stay strong and convince @SenDeanHeller @lisamurkowski to #ProtectOurCare !!
It takes America to a pre-ACA system. Exactly what the ultra conservatives want.

@Marmel Do Republicans really want to take responsibility for millions losing health care & nursing homes closing?
Keep fighting for us Kamala!!!
Ah. Perfectly designed then. Mitch will be proud.
Exactly what they want!!
@cotterw : LIES, LIES AND DAMNED LIES!
Basically no requirements. Where does that leave the ENTIRE country (well, except for the congresspeople that are writing it)?
And the plans that were offered on the "exchange" were any better? Premiums and Deductibles more than tripled.
Still waiting for you to tell the truth. A $20 billion increase is not a cut.
GOP is going for home treatment kits -- fix the kid's broken leg with hockey stick splint. Basic plan will provide YouTube video.
It's disgusting!! Make everyone of them who drafted it be the plan they have! You would see how fast it would get better!! Sick bastards!!
FAKE health care! They want to sell FAKE health care.
So in other words, no worse than what we have today where working taxpayers are paying for themselves and people who choose not to work.
We need a hero Kamala.  Who can we turn to?
But at least you have the freedom to purchase totally useless plans that will cover nothing.
And exempts Congress.
Their "healthcare" bill ignores the "health" part.
And adds the fraud part
selling terrible plans = highway robbery.
Is their any way can block the healthcare bill.
Will you cosponsor the Disability Integration Act S910 and FREE OUR PEOPLE? #ADAPTandRESIST #DIAnow
Is it still immoral?
Just one big TV commercial: lowest common denominator. Predators, all.
This is NOT an improvement on what they did before. Nothing they do to this bill makes it acceptable on any level. Work to fix #ACA instead.
The Repugs just can't get it right!!
#VoteNoBCRA
Too bad no one will know since the MSM won't cover it. Can you get yourself on some TV programs and explain this bill to the public?
And now insurers have great plans for all - seriously? I want insurance like the one YOU enjoy and I pay for.
Same old GOP(Greedy Old Pricks ) just a little different wording in this bill that says lets screw over the poor ,sick and the old !
You can't claim moral leadership on this issue until you embrace #singlepayer #medicareforall, end of story.
The ACA also still allows insurers to sell terrible plans, compared to the rest of the industrialized world.
bot
syntax error
Counting on @SenateDems & @HouseDemocrats to #JustSayNO! Hold that line!
A plan isn't a plan if you can't afford to pay for the care. Or the care isn't covered. Are we outlawing cancer, and pregnancy?
Because of Obamacare, working taxpayers premiums and co-pays have gone up also. Everyone should pay into the system to get benefits.
Of course. It's allowing it to fail, that's creating the failure. We need full coverage, with the existing rules.
My sister died because she had a "low grade policy" before ACA. ACA was a lot about "insurance reform." This GOP bill removes safety nets.
We need to find a way to fight back. Doing nothing is not an option Russia is pulling a coup
You mean like every plan available now!!! #ObamaFail How much are your deductibles Kamala?
What a surprise! I thought the GOP was gonna put something out there that would make Canadians jealous. Who woulda guessed otherwise?
good luck if you/your kid need to see a specialist, or you need knee surgery from playing pickup basketball. High risk pregnancy? Disaster.
Not a fan of the ACA, not a fan of the GOP plan, but if insurers sell a plan that's terrible, no one will buy it. Choice is not a bad thing.
This is so wrong!
#FIXAFFORDABLECAREACT #CountryB4Party #DoYourDuty #DoYourJob
Insurance is already tough on those that really need it, lets not make it worse.
They had to manage ways to steal the money,  create more distractions,  blame others, rid potential witnesses, and arrest the snowballed one
We know that, you are an Elizabeth Warren light. Learn the ropes before you start running for President
After 7 plus years of #RepealAndReplace this is what the gop has to offer
We can't turn our backs on the children in America!
Can you get behind Bernie and support single payer? (I know we need to save ACA in the meantime) but I have not heard your stance on it.
Let's not b distracted by all the other http://news.Gop  deathcare Bill will devastate Americans as Ultra rich receive tax cuts.
Hahahaha.  Insurers already sell terrible plans.  Let the well regulated market correct itself. Get government out of the insurance biz.
So provide clear vivid examples of how drastic these plans are, hypothetical situations that anyone can imagine facing similar circumstances
Steve mnuchin, nuff said kamala 

@SenKamalaHarris @Toure
And you @SenKamalaHarris offer nothing vote your do notjing home we need ppl ti work 4america not complain
And does nothing to regulate increases in premiums and deductibles.
Under Obamacare nobody regulated premiums and co-pays everything doubled and triple for me.
Less coverage will always result in lower premiums and high risk pools have never proven successful in most states.
And exempts Congress. What's good enough for Americans isn't good enough for our elected officials?
RT @allanbrauer RT @SenKamalaHarris The new Republican health care bill still guts Medicaid and allows insurers to sell terrible plans. #p2
We can never be free of for profit healthcare until we rid ourselves of for profit politicians
PLEASE keep fighting this Sen. Harris
Going from Obamacare to Trumpcare is like going from Windows 10 back to DOS and paying more for it.
It is a Healthcare bill against women ! Atrocious!!!!
Where can I read a copy of this new healthcare bill?
Medicaid is unsustainable and guts itself.  Over 25% of all federal spending is on healthcare. Get serious
New Republican tax cut (by destroying Medicaid plan). All due respect, Senator (who is my favorite Senator btw!)
And who covers the cost of the folks who buy minimal plans and then have catastrophic illness?
Why is it that the Republicans always introduce and attempt to pass bills that allow businesses to sell us terrible things? Just wondering?
Why shouldn't consenting adults be able to buy/sell products or services between them.
Aren't we all so lucky as Americans to have a party willing to let our fellow citizens die horrific deaths just so they can get tax cuts!!!
This is surprising why? Right, it's not. Wake up, plead please,  USA in big trouble Trump @GOP all Putin/Russian assets. Voting rigged. True
@senKamalaHarris please kill this Bill lead the fight you have guts and will to stand against the GOP.  The rest talk a good game that's it.
By terrible plans, do you mean the plan my son can choose w/ out maternity coverage?
Let's face it, no matter what Repubs do, it'll always bring out repugnant everything, all the Repubs do is Repug, lol. No more Repugs, errm
Or just pls find us some humanity loving ones, let them lead it,& bring the Repug party into a true party for & by the RepublicWeThePeople
Your idea "humanity " would require a bottomless wallet
Hope the Senate fights for us. Many people of low income to suffer .
if I am right, this bill is illegal because it has to start off in the House because it being a "tax" bill.
Isn't paying additional $ to @lisamurkowski state for a yes vote on #BHAC Bill a bribe ? 
If she votes no- no money
Can't consumers decide if the plans are terrible? What are you calling terrible plans, exactly?
Acknowledgedd"  Just changed to @CSPAN U.S.  House of Representatives, Watching
No on health care bill. Pur lives are on the line. Our leaders don't care, they just want to win! We have a real problem with them.

of course it does because the @SenateGOP only cares, like Trump about lining their pockets!
That's why pressure on  TOP Senators must stay on until they abandon this #HealthKillerBill and #StopSabotagingACA
I'm OK with buying a terrible plan if it keeps costs down.
The GOP plan is #wealthcare, not health care. That's why they need to deny preexisting conditions to afford massive tax cuts for the rich.
It is #Treasoncare
Medicaid will have to be efficient. Now I can choose what is right for me & not be forced to buy a bloated plan I can't use.
@SenateGOP #HouseGOP #RepublicanValues #NoProfitMaking #HealthcareAffortable #ProfitOverPeople #RichGetRicher #Covfefe #RepublicansDontCare
#ForTheFewNotTheMany
We know you will fight for us and we will do what we can to help
Would you buy your health care at the Dollar store? NOPE. Cheap insurance = no coverage. #fighton
Thanks for the heads up Ms. Harris
#DeathByGOP
DUN DUN DUUUUN!!! They were the "death panel" this entire time.
Obamacare cut Medicaid in the first place.  It was temporary.  Also you're against cheaper more affordable options?
It's just another attempt to spin - but we see right through it
Its absolutely terrible... still. #fixaca
Is not fixable.. was designed like this on purpose..
What are you/committee doing about sessions not turning over his contacts as requested? Deathcare only helps the rich!  Just fix ACA
Ordered.
Sessions was ordered.to produce his contacts, and what he's done looks a lot like contempt of court.
