Thank you senator Harris. We watched our home, and livelihood burn to the ground. It's all gone now. What ever you can do is appreciated.
Yes! But I think Puerto Rico should be just as important.
I live in Calif and these are my friends & family. It's not a contest!
I didn't mean to dis California, but people are drinking water from superfund sites in Puerto Rico.
They have no where to go.
I know what is happening in PR. Good nite
I hope your friends and family members are okay.
I thought CA was succeeding from the union? You're against the President but now you need the government?
The two are not alike.  The  federal government is the one that  Ca sends taxes to. It is responsible to helping in emergencies.  KATRINA?
And the president tweets about the media and not one tweet on what's happening in CA
He has given statements and FEMA is there! Can't set up permanent aid until the fires are out!
Hola  kamalita muy love. Bella. Dormimos.  Juntos. Esta noche
SONOMA COUNTY IS ON FIRE. FIRES RAGE, NEED HELP, NO COMMUNICATIONS TO EVACUATE. PEOPLE ARE DYING NEED HELP. POS QUIT IGNORING CALIF
With Trump in power, this is what American governance looks like to the world.
You’ve got to quit watching CNN. 
Kamalita princesa. Bella.  Como. Estas. Están controlados los. Incendios  avisame.  Fin de semana. Descansa.
If Calif is the 5th largest economy in the world then why are you asking the Feds for help? Doesn't make sense to me.
Can't do it.....no help available the FEMA helicopter is still in Puerto Rico...."R" they really Americans?.
to trumppfff:
May they have better fortune than PR
Hola  como esta mi senadora. Mas. Bella   my love  te  necesito  mucho.
Meanwhile, Trump is speaking at a Hate Group rally today.
Winter can't come soon enough
I wont lift a finger for a Sanctuary State
I hope the whole place burns to the ground
Liberalism is a Mental Disorder
Kamalita  bella. My . love   mi.  Amor   como    estas   escribeme   te necesito
Trump, Ryan and McConnell hate California. Big blue state. Time to round up the Presidents that care for all Americans
Kamala ask you're liberals in Hollywood for help
Why does this happen every year? Isn't there something that can be done to mitigate this?
Am I the only one that realizes the reason Tx & Fl money dispersed so quickly is bc Trump won in those states? He could care less abt Ca
I can’t go outside the smoke is so thick, so many people. missing. It is so heartbreaking.CA needs your prayers
The country is praying for you. Prayers from Texas
Puerto have paper towels
Until, of course, Wisconsin burns.  Or another state with a rethuglican governor.
@realDonaldTrump won TX & FL, lost CA, & US citizens in PR are denied the vote (literally making them 2nd-class citizens). See a pattern ?
Don't expect help from that moron trump who is committed to evil
Maybe the Progressive Movement will vote for you if you get rid of your donors
 a lot of families were illegally kicked out of their homes for some reason you failed to prosecute the people who were involved
Trump is trying to start wwiii
Didnt the President tell you that you won a million dollars? #TrumpIsAMoron #DotardTrump
PRAYERS  ASCEND 
#LordHaveMercy
Prayers ascend 
I am so heartbroken for the victims and embarrassed to concern myself with non life-threatening stories. Sighs...

Too bad
Trump does not care about CA. He considers us the enemy. He right
Your a sanctuary state why should the federal gov work with you if you don’t work with them
California has been burning for weeks and no one offers to help them!
Maybe Democrats can Donate some of that Weinstein Money ???
Maybe CA can stop paying taxes to a federal government that isn't functioning properly. They pay more than any other state.
Are you saying we aren’t doing that?
As well as get leadership in PR before more people die from bacterial infections from unclean water!
I sadly worry that he will be like he is being to PR.  He is a hateful person.
Yeah , no !
Aid will get there faster than to PR!!!
Sorry for the massive losses in CA!!!
Wow, now you guys need help your tune has changed.
1/6 of the global economy is on fire... And nothing from the President
Do people in California not have home insurance? If they don't have insurance, that's their fault.
What kind of aid are you referring to? Money's off the table.
Perhaps supreme leader will award CA $1M like he did for LV.
I million wont be enough!
Unbelievable & devastating the areas of including PR affected by natural disasters. Is this an Omen for the future of 
This looks like a horror movie.
This is so tragic , doesn't get the attention a flood does, but so much more destructive
Kamala helps by rousing young college girls at a fishmarket  phony politician
Very very sad...
Good luck with that. Maybe clown and Chief can find a water hose to help you guys.
Shhhhhhh!  #45 is golfing.
Are their enough white rich people there for us to act?  People of #PuertoRico are starving to death and crickets
WILL IT BE A LOAN
#PuertoRico

#BoycottPayingTaxes
STOP tweeting about it and get to work. You have a raging hell fire happening and you're on sitting around scrollin'? 
#lazydemocrat
Nailed it. Now go and help someone.
I can do better and I do believe my best years are ahead for helping. It gets easier to assist others when you get MAGA tax reductions.

Please run for President.
Ah, wonderful.  I see you've answered my question on your earlier post.  Your going to piss and moan at the President,  and blame him. 
Puerto Rico needs help too
It would be excellent if the president could stop whining about NBC, the NFL and Corker and DO HIS FUCKING JOB.
@POTUS will assist on this disaster.....it’s mostly white people
But it's California. His cultists are always whining about the uber-liberal  'coastal elites'.
That's exactly what PR has been saying too.
You need to invest in the US and stop supporting the bloated military budget. .
Yes ! @SenKamalaHarris, your acknowledgement just now my previous tweet, about watching @CW ch. RIVERDALE, Mark Consuelos TRUTH, ☻
Those poor people in California #cafirerelief
they'll have to get in line, i guess. :(
First tweet i noticed where ms. Harris actually gave an idea for aid. Was generic, but i would be tweeting about it everyday.
Good luck with that, it being a blue state and all
You should be there making sure they get what they need take charge.
Don't count on it
