No, giving away America's wealth is bad for our economic development and for our position in the world.  Renegotiate and save the planet.
The #ParisAgreement does nothing to "give away America's wealth".

Do not attempt to defend Trump's doing things that endanger everyone.
This is not in the best interest of America or the 'developed countries' that would be subsidizing growth of others at our own expense.
It's a simple good faith agreement, pulling out isolates the country.
Disagree; not a simple good faith agreement, there are financial terms involved. I hardly think this actually 'isolates' the country. How?
It was helping
Thank you for sharing, as you can tell by the decision made by POTUS there are to many in the US that have a limited world view.
That agreement sucked!    Trump will take care of the environment without giving other countries $$$$$$$$$
Considering the financial condition CA is in, I understand. You don't care about throwing away trillions & seeing no negligible difference.
Lol Trump hater' s  are very entertaining...keep it up....
I couldn't agree more!
Nope.   It's the right move.  Good for DT.  Another campaign promise fulfilled.
Trump is endangering your welfare to enrich himself.

Do not attempt to defend him.
Always hiding behind the "children" lol.......We'll keep our money here. None goes to Euro control. Nice try though.
Now we stand alone with Syria and Nicaragua - pitiful #Biden/Obama2020
And Nicaragua didn't sign the #ParisAgreement because its government wanted even greater measures to address climate change.
Some discussion of that: https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2017/05/31/why-nicaragua-and-syria-didnt-join-the-paris-climate-accord/ … .
Horse hockey.  If we change nothing about what we're currently doing, we'll still lead the world, with lots more money in our pockets
Backasswards thinking on your part, girly.  Study on it.  Don't continue being a dummy.  You're making females appear stupid.
Ooo - playing the "save the kids" card. And your views on abortion please?
No it's not.  You say you want the truth.  Well do some reading
HUNGER, CHILD ABUSE, SEXUAL ASSAULT, ABORTIONS, HOMELESSNESS is indefensible lady. These things are BAD don't you think?
There's no time to fight this adm. Let's not look back to find that when we could be working to save Earth we were bickering w/ a madman.
He hates our country.
He hates himself. Otherwise why does he constantly comment on an election win that occurred 7 months ago. He really can't believe it.
The CHILDREN! The CHILDREN! The CHILDREN!! RUSSIA! RUSSIA! RUSSIA!
You are my Sister's Senator and we can't stop the calls of help and embarrassment
Donald having access to nuclear weapons is even worse for kids and grandkids.
But good for financial oligarchs.
Keep fighting!
It is quite defensible. When has it ever been good to sign on to an accord that harms one's economic self-interest?
Oh, did you have family money tied up in this Scam?
Trump has made America the laughing stock of the World. Thank God I live in California. Clean air is bad??
Trump is a true profile in courage on this.  The target of the agreement wasn't the environment.  It was the United States economy.
I am disgusted to see Trump destroy more of what we the people want. We look like idiots to the rest of the world. And the Republicans clap
u r indefensible, an embarrasement to CA! We r not buying u n Bro Barry Climate Fraud Lies anymore! We r Awake !
Kamala, the tired old DEM playbook tactic of using children went out of vogue some years ago.
Another American First. ROGUE STATE
Kamala, showing your ignorance again. Do yourself a favor and Google "Vostok ice core" & educate yourself.
Not very bright, I see.
Wow, ignorance is bliss I guess. Have you actually read the accord? I'll take a good guess and say "no".
....or like Huma letting Anthony Weiner back in the house.
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris
you socialist communist are full of poop!
President Trump just saved everyone's grandchildren 100 billion dollars plus interest.
DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT
When Barack Obama was POTUS, our position in the world was bent over, cheeks spread.
@PattyArquette he doesn't even care nothing for his own..
what is indefensible is Ur scorched earth 2 agenda 4 jobs
How many dreams destroyed & robbed
Whille obstruction U lob
Govern not bias slog
Exactly the opposite.
This move by the cheeto to pull out of the Paris Summit should not surprise anyone. We need to find the fastest way to impeach this disaster
Go jump in a lake, LOL, and U dummies wonder why you've been losing every major election since 2010...:)
You believe in the Easter Bunny don't you? No adult with a working brain thinks the Paris Accord would be good for the US.
I love that we left the Paris agreement.
#Globalwarming is bad science.  Balancing our budget is MUCH more important to our kids.  The left is BLIND to this it's time to wake up.
Our position in the world was decimated by obama ! Our economic development WILL IMPROVE under President Trump !!! MAGA !!
U can still donate to Paris Climate Agreement. Leave us middle class taxpayers alone. We can't afford anymore taxes
Big fossil fuel wants to rape the land and pilfer future resources while chocking fledgling energy industries, it is vile to the core
Bad for our position in the world, are you f...g kidding me ??? Position my arse, a job and food on the table..priority #1
For the first time in my adult life, I feel afraid of my own country. I feel that I will watch my children or grandchildren flee...
...from the very nation that gave my mother and father freedom to work and build a life.
How r cronyism, bureaucracy, lower standards or living, & subsidies "economic development", exactly? Weird we achieved that 4 yrs before it
Great news for America. US is only 15% of global CO2, China is double and all growth is from non-OECD. Even zero US CO2 would be useless.
tRump lives in the gilded bronze age. He doesn't have the brain power to comprehend the results of his actions.
no one is defending the decision because the decision has been made. if the left really care about the environment - you had 8 years ;)
typical millennial leftie emotional cry corner nonsense. @seanhannity
i think many people are hung up on the paris agreement because they have childhood memories of the eiffel tower in movies or something.
That about sums it up.
mars is an option. ;)
Actually the opposite: makes world respect us, teaches kids courageous leadership, saves our grandkids economic future.
Run for President dimwit.....please.  I'm a Republican.
The only kids he cares about are his own. It is known.
Bad for economic development? No wonder people like you have killed the economy.
All democrats were just invited to participate for something better. Are you going to or just run your normal obstruction game?
You and all democrats were just invited to participate for something better. Are you going to or just run your normal obstruction game?
Funny, the price of Beach Front property keeps rising here in California!
No one is stopping you from driving or taking trips on anything but horse and buggy. Go for it.
Who are you?
OK Kamala, please keep fighting for what is right. If there is no strong candidate in 2020, then please run, win and fix US
Idiot Trump just put the US on a par with Syria. Republican's dream coming true, taking America back....ward.
last I looked you weren't a scientist and you don't have a clue regarding climate at all.
And Trump does? LMAO.
1/2 No he knows about jobs and economy. The science of climate change is unproven. No-one can prove anything.
He doesn't even know how to spell "jobs" or "economy" much less how to create them. He talks a good line, so far nothing good.
Donald Trump Covfefed on the USA. 
Trending: #WishFredTrumpHadPulledOutToo
Yeah, providing the world welfare is GREAT for economic development. In 3rd world countries.
Complete nonsense!  Have you no wisdom at all?
Try telling that to all these flag-waving cretins.
Trump spoke above the average American family. The use of billions and billions and even trillions had no meaning that avg Am understand.
Dear Senator please legislate. Don't pontificate!
It's not rocket science. Doofus making decisions, not good.
Did you listen to the reasons why? It was an under the table anti-United States action that obligated the USA to reduce emissions!
apparently you think slavery is a wonderful thing, because that is the only thing the "agreement" would guarantee.
Having no jobs is bad? You mean to tweet saving jobs and billions of tax payer money is a great thing.
YES!!  Sen.Kamala Harris of Oakland,California
President Trumps , Press Conference related to his decision that The U.S. will withdrawal from The #ParisAgreement; #ClimateChange
DRAMA QUEEN! You have zero proof of climate change and want to fund other countries so they can get their climate under control. USA FIRST.
And so obvious @realDonaldTrump has never read it & doesn't understand it
Agreed.  America should be a leader. I doubt this is going to bring jobs back, but rather leave US behind in new technologies.
your bad for our kids
Truth. Unfortunately, @realDonaldTrump has turned to anarchy and thrives on even negative attention. You. Must. Relieve. Him. Of. His. Duty!
What's really bad for the future is people continuing to vote for individuals like you Kamala.
Where are the checks and balances? How do we democratically overturn this decision?
That's partly why this was a bad deal our representatives had NO input unlike a treaty this was redistribution of wealth
Well that's a load of BS since it's a non binding agreement to try with no enforcement.
Trump doesn't care about kids and grandkids, even his own.
How about you and your corrupt globalist friends, YOU pay for the clean up of other countries, leave we the people out of it!
I Was There, Rio 1992, Agenda 21 WhistleBlower  https://youtu.be/K2o82bi3oMc  WHY the Paris Agreement, MUST hear! Cost taxpayers 'trillions'!
To regain the US position of leadership in the world we NEED LEADERSHIP . C'mon now WORK
We're not going to have it with doofus, the Tweeter-in-chief.
For Everything. PERIOD!
He is just playing his egotistical game with absolutely no regard for our country or world
It's a scam that needs to be renegotiated - a lot for very very little return.
How much damage is this administration doing and how long is it going to take to correct. Impeach Trump
This coming from a party that gladly murders children under a word called abortion.  You don't care about children- Liar
Yeah, right, it's only kicking & moving in the womb. But it's not "alive". What a soulless person you are - still waiting for rising waters
Oh. ..and be sure to let me know how many children you yourself have adopted..and how many single mother's you have personally helped
that's so glass half empty.  Think of it as we're on the cutting edge of something with Syria and Nicaragua.
Just Syria, that great role model of a country! I hear Nicaragua wanted agreement to be tougher, so we are in agreement with 1 country, HA!
Thank God this is a 4 Year process. 2018 & 2020 are key election cycles, if our memory holds up.
Granted, given the gerrymandering, gutting of the Voting Rights Act, and the Voter ID laws, wondering how free and fair they will be...
Our DNC needs to wake up and do their job or I won't be contributing, they should have been fighting these asinine Republican actions.
I agree with you, @Tweetypot Our DNC needs to become more vocal or I won't be contributing as well.
I'm so angry right now. I can't wait patiently any more. Where are the damn handcuffs
Great, I agree. Now what are we/you going to do about it?
If only there was a party opposed to the GOP that had the skill, will, and talent to protect the best interest of US citizens...
There is, but it doesn't cheat or create bogus laws to keep people from voting.
GFY
You know what else is bad for economic development? A drop in 2.5 Billion in GDP. This agreement created issues for the future to deal with.
When u get to be Prez in 2021, first thing on your list.
Just turn off your Twitter and we'll save just as much.
Or did Dicaprio or Steyer promise you rides on their private planes?
Feigning ignorance for prosperity today, is no excuse to destroy the environment for tomorrow. Can't pass the buck on protecting our home.
This is a LOSE LOSE LOSE for the United States.
And the economy! Leaving would allow sanctions on US exports.
What part did you like most? The fact it wasn't ratified by Senate? China being able to ramp up pollution until 2030? Wealth redistribution?
Well ..tumpy is out to destroy us from within..and he's doing a good job. Read what Bannon wants..and it is he that is doing it all.
yeah, Bannon has absolutely no right to be in the WH or our govt, but what can be done to stop him?  Kamala?
The right move at the right time. The EU will hate it, which is a good thing.
wrong
Run for President!!
The future Trumpkins think is so great!
He hasnt even finished the speech yet and your bagging on it.  Let him explain.
Please run for president!
Global warming is a conspiracy MILF
@IndivisibleCA28 This AGAIN is NOT acceptable! Another depressing day under his INEPT leadership!
He is going to ruin the future of humanity
Hyacinth!! Lol love that show. At this point Trump is trying to keep up appearances but he just can't. Anyone else catch him falling asleep?
