Yeah, they can work there if they put the time into the STEM studies. Do it yourself, not by anti-white diversity quotas.
How racist is it that diversity means different skin melonin and not intellectual ideas. So immature and  condescending to minorities.
Since we know different colors of people have inherently different experiences, you can safely assume diversity of color is also of ideas.
Not putting it in front of but alongside. Color is a key indicator of other factors that aren't represented, asking them to be isn't racist.
Maybe medically, but not intellectually.
That's why I used the word "indicator" previously, as it is not the only factor by any means.
I would say negligible indicator for the purpose of progressing Society out of the Dark Ages of " racism"
Tell dem party to protect reproductive rights. Protect women. Non negotiable.
All women. Our gender is horribly unrepresented. Our girls are all smart, compassionate & should be able to be successful! In spite of color
True, all women need advocacy. But today we are talking about Black women, who need even more of it.
Why is it that black women need it more than white. Is that in itself racist?
It's #BlackWomensEqualPayDay
If more people go into STEM fields then minimum wage would be a non issue.  Minimum wage should NOT be a goal!
@4US_Workers Does this mean that will join bi-partisan coalition to end the rampant visa frauds taking American jobs as reported @60Minutes?
Why only black? Why not all?
Look at the hashtag.

DON'T FORGET, 1 OUT OF 4 BLACK MEN SPEND SOME PART OF THEIR LIFE IN #PRISON. BLACK BOYS ARE MORE LIKELY SCHOOL #DROPOUT.
This is a nice sentiment but as a black woman currently in STEM, it seems the only person you can really count on is yourself, maybe ur mate
instead of working in traditionally lower paying jobs. can't compare apples to automobiles!
And let's start scholarships for black girls in STEM!!! We are out here but we can't afford school 
Begin STEM in public school=no need for scholarship.  if grades are high enough=scholarships will find you, especially for females.
Y not get everyone more involved in stem. Y just black women? U racist? Everyone should have a fair and equal chance
Whatever happened to the best person for the job.
Amen! I got shorted for over twenty years by one of the largest companies in the world. Salaries are personal and confidential. Robbery!
Madam how can you be so dense, raising  the minimum wage does not give lazy people the incentive to work.  Open you  eyes madam
That is a racist and bigoted statement
She just lost my support by singling out one race only. Hope she isnt running in 2020 cause she wont get my vote.
I appreciate this but when Black women go into STEM, they are paid less and subjected to workplace discrimination. Can we address that too?
Since when? Give examples.
Why didn't YOU work your way up? Nope did on your back in married men's beds. ie Willie Brown
And advocate for STEM education for our up coming young women of color! It is not being done enough in our urban schools!!
We should get women working in STEM period, it's not a man's world anymore. No m'am
Is something stopping them now?!
And if they dont want to work in STEM? Force them to do so in the name of justice and equality?
Democrats don't care about black ppl stop your charade
Even if you raised minimum wage it wouldn't push single black and white mom's to get off welfare....#Facts
You should be ashamed of yourself for using race and gender to manipulate people.
@SenKamalaHarris @tierratherese research on culuturally competent instruction in STEM aims to do just that! #leadertowatch
@Marie_ann_a awww you're too sweet! 
And omg you remembered my dissertation research!  @Marie_ann_a
I hope u become the first Woman President. California Love.

Yeah - let's raise The minimum wage… Did you take an economics class? You do know that's the complete opposite of helping American workers…
so the optimal strategy to help american workers would be to pay them $0, then corporations have more money, which makes everyone richer!
I'd like more funding for all women in STEM. Higher min. wage & advocate for pay transparency.  But that's just me.
@SenKamalaHarris All women should be encouraged to go into any field they desire. Stop race baiting, hating and Presidential bid running.
Ask Seattle Democrats who destroyed that city. As for pay transparency. That we can agree on.
Democrats have destroyed inner city schools. Sorry @SenKamalaHarris senkamthis is your parties fault. Minimum wage raises not always works.
I ain't stopping you, I want to encourage you, believe in you, and I want you to believe in you #BlackWomensEqualPay
Yes!! I have a 5 year old daughter! I don't want her discouraged from math and science like my generation was!! #stemforgirls 
Love your platitudes. Keep it up!

From - Cookie Cutter Liberals
Blacks need to pursue degrees in STEM so they can get high paying jobs in those fields.  High pay will result.
I believe they're legally is pay transparency
Black women deserve equal pay for equal work. And they should stay in the House. And Senate. And may white house? Up for a move someday?  :)
What's stopping them from working STEM right now?
Kamala 2020!
im behind you 110%
only public "servants" pay needs to be transparent, none of your business what people in the private sector make
We should also get Black women into high paying Union Construction jobs. 3% is the # of women in construction since 1970. I make the same $
It's all a choice - anyone can work construction - can u handle the #truth that women dislike some hard jobs
Yes! Give up kids, family, & a personal life to work 40-80 hours wk just like those shitty white guys do! Sounds like Democrat entitlement
@IvankaTrump #BlackWomensEqualPay

But computers and airplanes will then crash more often.
How about working for appropriate pay? Nah, you want to extort from honest hard working people to buy a constituency.
Raising the minimum wage is a terrible idea.
Question, what about the Latinos? Or the Asians? Natives? Blacks aren't the only "oppressed" group.
KH you tweet a lot of questions that you yourself have no answer. Tha is not a good quality in a politician...
OBAMA HAD EIGHT YEARS AND A CONGRESSIONAL MAJORITY FOR MOST OF IT! WHY DIDN'T HE FIX THE PROBLEM! #amjoy #trumptrain #kelly #scaramucci
I don't understand how any woman could vote against women getting equal pay.
How do you propose this, President Harris?
Go for it.
A consensus of economist say minimum wage hurts jobs.  It's a settled matter.
so your solution to this issue that isn't actually real is to force more women into higher paying jobs? career choices arent discrimination
Are you being paid the same as your brethren in Congress? Yep. This "pay gap" bullshit is bullshit.
Are black women currently not allowed to work or something?
We aren't unfortunately.
Lol, you will get nowhere in life thinking nonsense like that
Exactly, but many people don't think about it like that. 
And stop having kids out of wedlock
You don't make a living on a minimum wage job, thats what should motivate to work hard for better job Min wage job career path is for losers
Let's also support Black women working in STEM to earn equal pay as their White counterparts & Black Men for that matter, when doing = work
U have to major in STEM to get a job in it so good luck.
Yes let's give baby mommas high skilled jobs so we can die when they fuck up a blood analysis!
What a great idea!
#PovertyPimp20
Are you raising funds off the backs of the poverty class again?
https://magazine.calpoly.edu/summer-2017/female-engineers-go/ …
No one is keeping black women from going into STEM. They are as free as anyone to pursue whatever career they want.
Men earn more because they work longer hours and they do not have to take care of children.
The minimum wage has an unemployment effect that affects the black community the hardest, intentions < results
The kids I nanny for have STEM class &a contest at their school (mainly all poorer POC) and the kids LOVE IT! I can see them being engineers
I selected a young black girl for an intership in construction management thru STEM! An industry that currently looks much like congress
that requires working hard,much easier to just blame racism.
Maybe if they stop go into gender studies to complain about stem and actually go into stem it will fix it your shooting yourself in the foot
Lower the housing costs in California!! You can keep raising wages but they will never keep up with the California housing market!
Nobody's stopping women in going into STEM. They're stopping themselves.
Let's get more women working everywhere. We see what women can do, esp re ACA and the Senate vote
Yes they have a history for that, remember movie "Hidden Figures "
Did you pay attention in Seattle. Artificially raising minuim wage is a disaster.

Raising minimum wage would do the exact opposite of your desired goals.
Wrong. Ok how about taxing the wealthiest more and least wealthiest less?  Let me guess that doesn't work either....
Do not divide women!
Fight for an ERA for ALL women Kamala! Come on!
A way for young women to get started in tech is Girls Who Code, a great organization that gets girls started early.
I'm confused, are you fighting for white women too or?
why the edit?.  what employers are paying women less. name names and I will boycott.
ANTHONY SCARAMUCCI , is out as Communication Director at The White House,  your tweet (notification) 5 mins ago Sen.Kamala Harris
2/2  On @FOXNEWS Medal of Honor Recipient, being presented by Pres.Trump;  shortly now. TRUTH, Watching Now!
Let's also support their efforts to work by working for child care subsidies, universal preschool, investing more in public education.
Oh, we deleted the "growing fields" reference. Smart move! Maybe you should be payed 63 cents an hour. What a twit! Love to know who told U!
Kamala Harris for president, think about it
Cher all women equal pay. Period.
#SenKamalaHarrisURARacistAndNotAmerican. Go back to India.
Got to get through high school first
You need to reach them in elementary and middle school. Girls tend to lose interest if not mentored before high school.
Isn't minimum pay the same for everyone? How does that help?
Absolutely.  Women are underrepresented in STEM and leaving the field in increasing numbers. WoC at even much higher rate.
Wait why are they leaving the STEM field?
Math is too hard for them.
Excellent save.
