Please keep fighting!! I have a disabled daughter and she cannot afford to lose anymore Medicaid!  I am 7/24 caregiver. I am 65 & she is 45

Can we believe john McCain when he said he only voted to move it forward and would not vote for the bill as it is now?
So tired, Senator. It's like a bad movie everyday. I'm losing my fight & energy. We need something to energize us again. This is agonizing.
Kamala, I'm 61. I did this once when I was young. I'm not young anymore. We've got trumpsters and berners pointing fingers at us. Tired.
You've fought for us, now it's our turn.
And losing. A specialty of the new, powerless Democratic Party. Better get used to it little lady.
Unfortunately true. RESIST. PERSIST
God, it feels like it's been years. Ugh. We will prevail!
It'll be a Budget Reconcilliation that Trump sells pardons for and in which Putins ADP Branch is certainly too big to fail.
Never give up
Exactly right

You better unhitch Yo wagon from establishment HRC, Kamala.  That's a fact!  #openyoureyes #ProgressiveNOTLiberal!! #wheresthecrownhill
So many in this thread sound defeated. When you feel this way and share those feelings it becomes contagious. Don't give up! Vote in 2018!
Since Day 1: My #Resist supply is bottomless.
In losing any hope, 
Don't lose hope cause our children the next generation needs us to be their advocate to speak up when no one else does or will
I'll always be a part of the fight, just needed a moment to vent some inner fears. 
I understand!!
Everything with health insurance is just perfect for you Senator. We don't have the same benefits you have. You are liar.

Call your Representative! Let your voice be heard even if you live in a RED STATE! It was APATHY that killed the cat NOT curiosity!
We need a Senator to get medieval on their (GOP) asses!

Someone needs to totally lose their shit on the Senate floor and say fuck decorum!
Agree, When Goldman calls our Reps in Congress - their lap dogs, the assault on Soc Sec will begin. Ryan, McConnel & Trump will do as told
Don't get tired. And don't get weary.  That's their game plan...out last the resistance.  #staywoke #resist
very unfortunately - and must start recognizing the pro-Putin forces in our own government = Anti-human rights/anti-gun control.
What, fighting against anything that might be good for America? 
That's pretty much all that Democrat losers are good for.
I so proud of my CA Senator.
Please just make the madness stop.
If Dems can't quit infighting, come up with a solid plan, unite behind candidates, we will continue to lose like we lost best shot at SCOTUS
Berniebros lost us SCOTUS. For a man who never even released his tax returns, generations will pay the price. Good job.
It won't matter, Sen. Harris. They won't listen. They are voting for my family's ill health for their personal advantage. I am crying.
The GOP won't stop so We can't either. No matter how many times Repeal has been voted on. The GOP keep bringing it up in another form.
It is still tremendously demoralizing to watch this happen.
Of course it is, that is the intent. @SenateMajLdr thinks that we will eventually wear down and give up. We must channel our Winnie /1
Thank you for keeping up the fight.
We are counting on you Kamala!!! There is no way I will get insurance if this goes all the way!
Why? What changes..seriously..the country is royally fucked & nothing can be done till 2018 voting gop out..im tired..after 6 mons exhausted
Add an amendment to bill requiring Congress people to go on whatever plan they vote yes to. Including Judiciary and WH.
@TomPerez better ditch Bern or and co and make Dems win in 2018- he is NOT helping anything right now
I think it's rather like Churchill's "end of the beginning". We'll fight & we'll win.
Hope so.
We will but today we are tired and saddened. It will pass. We are counting on you.
"It always seems impossible until it is done." ~Nelson Mandela
@AARP @AARPadvocates @NatlGovsAssoc @BennieGThompson AND PLEASE FIGHT BIG PHARMA PRICE GOUGING.  WE ARE GETTING KILLED OUT HERE.
Really scary!  ACA decreased my monthly premium by 60% & brought it down below my mortgage payment.  Please don't let us go back there.
#Resistance #NoTRUMPCARE
You"re starting to sound like John McCain.  Enough with the empty platitudes.
We must keep fighting against civil asset forfeiture.  That means fighting for the Constitution #learnaboutit
Absolutely, get out the signs, call your rep and bark until the GOP pigs listen.
I am with Senator Harris! Get involved now, today! Just do it?
My mind tells me, I want to fight. My body says it has nothing left.#Lupus, #Sjogrens
What do we do next?
I remember when only a few states had same sex marriage and little by little it got passed
Is there a way to pass bills state by state that would bypass the government?
JUST IN: Manafort subpoena dropped.
Fear, anger, hopelessness are the real enemy.  All those who feel they have gained power over another Dems & Repubs fear to loose it 
Good! Now, give me one example of a way to improve the ACA. 

We want solutions, not just scolding GOP from moral high ground. That's easy
Enough platitudes.Speak on GOP immorality,voting blind about healthcare for Americans, false patriotism & fear of a corrupt bully. Cowards!
thank you, but there is nothing to be done.
I was here with you in L.A. on Jan.15th. We must all fight together. You have our back, we have yours. Healthcare is a human right.

It doesn't feel like the beginning. It feels like f*cking groundhogs' day. Same @gop bullshit, different day.
Yes, we must....and women must lead the way.  #bebrave 
It's over ma'am. I'm not worried for me. I'm worried for millions of others. Elections have consequences and this is a devastating one.
Just remember that saying "bad side wins when the good does nothing".
People have lives, families g jobs. Its easy to keep legislating, but its hard to protest, but it continues. A shame we fight our own govt
@SenKamalaHarris, please please please make an effort to be less worthless. Also, please run with Hilary for a guaranteed Trump victory 2020
Im so done with waking up in the morning fearing for my kids life. Ive had enough~!! Time to ACT ! @GOP has a stranglehold on us. Literally.
It's done We lost
@SimmonsGmarlins With all due respect we shouldn't have to fight our own government to keep them from killing us.
Constituents do not matter to the GOP. We're being held hostage to an oppressive power with personal agendas. And it's getting hostile.
Please pat John McCain on the back for me. Really really hard. But he's prob already back to getting his taxpayer funded top tier med. care
@SenKamalaHarris  Do you know when we will receive healthcare insurance cancellation letters from the insurance companies?
Hard to know. But if there's a repeal, probably too soon.
I thought that's what they voted for today, to repeal the ACA.
They voted to proceed to debate the repeal.

Senator Harris, you represent the future of the United States.  Thank you.

Now is the time for Medicare for all
Fighting isn't tweeting. Fighting is filling the streets on a daily basis to protest against the destruction of America. #peoplepower
We must hold marches on Washington! Please ask the GOP senate to repeal their own healthcare
No.  We voted YOU all to do that. 
Dems are doormats. 
We need complete anarchy.
@SenKamalaHarris for President!!!
Keep pushing violence as you sit in the lap of the ppl. You are an ingrate
next are cuts to social security..the privatization of the VA...the cuts to HUD...what is next? as a disabled veteran I see no future
It's exhausting, but I guess that's part of their plan.
What else can be done? We are losing our healthcare.
Please have a private chat w/ @SenJohnMcCain . He is a honorable man. Can you two agree on anything?
I'm weary
Don't be weary my friend...be angry....we must continue to resist...we can't accept this...we can't...#RESIST #IAMTHESTORM
You may like to fight. But you will lose. You are not with the American people.
Time to use the C word to describe you not the 4 letter one but  the ten letter one-- Compromise
Well the beginning sucks and it foreshadows the end the rich get richer & poor, elderly, disabled, & people w/ preexisting conditions die!
You are not my senator but you are one of my heroes! Thank you for voting for us!
U don't get it U R totally clueless Did U not hear a word of McCain? Ur ears R covered in partisan wax & ear drums riddled w/holes
But can you not!
Liability.
We are with you all striving for a better AMERICA!
You can't fight without something to fight for?!! Single payer would be fighting with a sword rather than a shield. Go on the offense!
Why do these people have no concern for the country?
Get in there and debate like hell Kamala. Work on your female counterparts. Please.
Please, please, please protest on the capitol every day and filibuster by amendment. We can't let any of these bills pass!!
Thank you, Sen Harris!
I don't want to die! I was saved with Obamacare so I want to fight to save it. Please keep fighting! I will keep fighting to stay alive!
#FISTBUMP!
I'm sick to my stomach right now, feel like I wanna puke. Is that a pre existing condition? #CorruptGOP
I'm tired. I'm scared. I'm disabled. I'm terrified.
Thanks for galvanizing so many voices @SenKamalaHarris - including my own. Time to turn up the heat on #healthcare
That's right, @SenKamalaHarris inspired me to step up and speak out too. Way to go, Senator. Keep fighting the good fight.
To start fighting would be a fine thing. Go turn the DemocraticParty into an inclusive mass democratic movement before talking fighting.
Naw. You lost. Run a BETTER candidate for president next time.
The system has to wiped.  That is why health care is covered to millions
What now? Many of us are scared, devastated, defeated and just a puddle of tears. Please advise.
One step closer to #MedicareForAll
Trump-killing &taking many ppl down w/him!  The saddest part, if this passes (it won't) Millions of ppl w/b w/out HealthCare. #remove45
Having a rep like @SenKamalaHarris makes all of the difference on days like today.  I am a lucky constituent.
What do we do?  We suffer until after the mid-terms
And supporting Collins & Murkowski because the barrage will begin to hit them from GOP & Trump
Please do, Senator. Some of us have lost faith and feel like giving up. I feel like my give a damn is busted.
If I worked in congress as a Dem I'd be tempted to quit today. Who needs this shit? Being neutered from helping the people you serve.
#60k  @DewsNewz  @RealAlexJones @MediaRival ... #woke
Come on fight back now.   Get a single payer!!!!!!!!!!!!
You will be our champion in 2020.
Then work to define a CLEAR voice for us and get out FORCEFULLY w/coherent messaging...it's NOT THERE...faith w/o action only lasts so long.

Clean house...
very true.
We need leaders who help us dig deep to persist against insurmountable odds. Called, texted, & tweeted our hearts out.
Honestly whats the point? Congress does what it wants. I hope everyone gets voted out
RUN FOR PRESIDENT KAMALA, WE NEED A LEADER.
I'm in! Sending money to all Dem contenders.  #SaveACA #TrumpDeathCare
The beginning to the end for the American People. At least all the Senators and House Reps have Obamacare
Correct, and this is one of the next items up for review. Take your vitamins, it too won't be over soon.
Quit being an obstructionist
Somebody needs to show proof of voting machines being hacked. Russia interference isnt enough hacking will continue until evidence is shown
I Don't think that's how they interfered. They created a slander campaign against HRC and Trump kept repeating it.  Convinced many lies=true
Thank you for fighting for all of us.  You are an inspiration.
We will keep calling, showing up, & paying attention. Thank you, Senator, for keeping us informed & for fighting. #NoRepeal! #Indivisible
Dead.people.cannot.fight. 
This country isnt home anymore.
Thanks to you for voting no.
When will we know the results
Actually, we put members in congress to do the fighting for us and you've all failed us. Each and every one of you.
No. Stop fighting. Start planning. Design a strategy, then execute.
To win, we must be cold, calculating and emotionless.
Listen to McCain great speech,great to see.Sounds like the fox in the hen house. We elected @potus eradicate the enemy and that he will do.
Acknowledged. TRUTH
Thank you Senator Harris! We must keep fighting for what's right 
I'm gonna need to borrow some of that Kamala Harris passion.
#2020
I am so tired. We are dealing with pure evil on the other side.
#goodtrouble #TheResistance
#ThisIsDemocracy! This is how we do it! 
#TheResistance #WeRise!
Yes ma'am it's time to rage .....
They want us all to die. Please tell me karma exists. I feel like it's the only thing that will work.
Debate. Debate until truth is separate from fiction. ACA is working for some, but not for others. Come with the fix. You can do it!
Thank you Senator Harris.  With every breath in my body I will resist. #NeverGiveUp
We will never let up! 
Running out of hope here. GOP outsmarting you at EVERY turn.
we need some wins...quickly

Difficult. So very frustrating. We need a win BIG TIME.
What do we do now?? We are spreading the word about voting in the midterm to get rid of the problems but what can we do to stop this?
Why in God's name did you all applaud McCain, what's wrong with you
I thought this was the end?  Fight for what--scraps?  Respectfully, we seem f#cked.
Thank you, Senator.
YOU ARE THE BEST
Americans are devastated.
I want you to share my story about WHY Planned Parenthood MUST be protected. #IStandWithPP
I respectfully disagree. This is been going on for far too long. The GOP make their own rules and the Dems are helpless. Time to fight
seems to me that conversation s/b an ongoing event, continuing to bring failing legislation is tedious, unproductive,wasteful, insulting
LETS Vote Vote Vote Vote Vote Vote Vote Vote Vote Vote Vote Vote Vote Vote Vote Vote Vote Vote Vote Vote Vote Vote Vote Vote Vote EM OUT!
Please do all you can to delay and defeat this 'bill'.
Yes!
We are counting on you, Senator!
#Resist
We the People are with you @SenKamalaHarris !
Repeal & replace the GOP in 2018! Remember who wants us to die & make 2018 the year for a change
This is so sad. What can millions of us do?
How?
Harder. Fight harder.
How is this not over? They've got the votes. Can you stop this? Please say you can.
please run for president!  The United States Needs you ... (while there is still a United States)

Call it the #GOPBLOODMONEYBILL

Why?  There are enough GOPer's in Congress who don't give a shit what happens to any of us.
To vote for different ppl 
Are you sure it's not over?
and when dems can't win the house in 2018 because of gerrymandering, what's the next move
and when dems can't win the senate because there aren't enough competitive seats and rural america has the country by the balls?
and when the 2020 census happens and republicans get to redraw districts once again, making it even harder for dems to ever win the house?
trump will likely not be impeached without the senate AND the house, and I don't think dems can win a majority in either.
so, we will likely get a dem president in 2020 because voters will hopefully be pissed off enough, but the house won't be able to go to dems
By your side, Senator!!! ALWAYS!!!
Please don't let me die, okay?
