Clearly we aren't.

Moral posturing won't do a lick of good at this point. What are the Democrats *doing* about it?
What are WE THE PEOPLE going to do. The DEMOCRAT can't do much at this point
They could stop sparing their Republican counterparts the scorn and humiliation they deserve for their inhumane treatment of others.
By abiding by this saccharine, performative decorum as thousands of lives hang in the balance, they are selling their constituents short.
Explain how PLEASE, what actions should they take?
For one, they should stop pretending that the dehumanizing policies and rhetoric of the GOP is simply a difference of opinion.
Which DEMOCRATs specifically, Ms. Harris has been very specific about what the GOP is doing
If Schumer/Durbin aren't getting results, they need to go, and it's contingent on all members of the caucus, including Sen. Harris, to act.
Thank you, you rock!
So you voted for Obamacare, and now that it's collapsing, you'd rather let it collapse and hurt a lot of Americans rather than fixing it?
If ACA is collapsing you can thank the GOP.  They r withholding needed funds to keep it functioning.  As says POTUS"sad".
Obama and the Dems rammed this down the country's throat....  This is their mess.  They're to blame.  Let it fail.
We are better than this.
Wow nice fact but I thought you lived in FL??? What about this
That's why they are fixing it. CBO  says 73% of those who will "lose" their ins were part of the mandate.
What? Debating and coming up with a solution? You voted 'no' to discussion. You are the new "Party of No".
Donald trump is busy wasting his time on Obama Care instead to focused on strengthening key issues like foreign policies, economy.
You really want #45 to make decisions on foreign policy????
I was hoping that @SenJohnMcCain condition would've made him have an epiphany of "By the Grace of GOD, I have Health insurance"
Or by the grace of the people who voted for him. Clearly they don't matter to him. Nothing but tax cuts for the rich & a win for Trump. SMH
Thank you!!
Thank you Senator Harris!
You voted no because you want deadbeat freeloaders to keep voting for you. Nanny state
Thank you!
Thank you!
"The Fight is still on " Thank you !!
Thank you!
Thank you for your vote!
So u'r for premiums the size of mortgages and deductibles that are unattainable. ACA is worthless.
Not only are we better than this as a country, we need officials who serve and represent the needs of their constituents and not themselves!
Thank you!!
Thank-You!, Madam Senator.
Thank you @KamalaHarris for being an awesome Senator for my family and my community!
Are we? History doesn't really reflect that.
Thank you.
You did right, as in most of the times #kamala2020
We're teetering on the edge of not being a country.  6 more months of this regime, and the Constitution is torched.  #ImpeachTrump
I agree!
That should be "were". @SenJohnMcCain has shown how low it can go. Say one thing & do another. Now the attack on transgender service people
Thank you Sen. Harris for supporting all Americans.
Thank you senator. I know you will always do what's right for your constituents.
Time to stop paying taxes.. tax revolt. can't use them right, no point in paying them. At least in jail there will be healthcare.
Senator Harris I thank you from the bottom of my heart
We used to be anyway. And some of us still are. Thank you Sen Harris.
Trump  "Any senator who votes against repeal & replace they'll have a lot of problems, at a speech in Ytown sounds like he's threatening u
Paul Manafort supeona dropped?
As a black woman,YOU should know we are better then this is bullshit.I luv you,but?Stay strong sister!
"...we are cruelly trapped between what we would like to be and what we actually are..." - James Baldwin
GOP don't care. They are Greed Over People, Greed Over Planet. No amount of begging softens the heart of the heartless. #resistTrumpCare
Thank you Senator
Thanks for your leadership, Senator Harris!
Thank you for voting no !
I keep hearing that.  And most of us definitely wanna be.  But...all evidence to the contrary.
We knew u had our backsThanks for all u do.I pray u get 2 question some of these sick,corrupt very smart evil group that wants 2 destroy  us
God Bless You!
Thank you for voting no today. Im terrified for my hubbies life. He has diabetes. We have been married 38 years.I cant imagine life w/o him
@jfuller49 #ScumbagDonald
Time to admit it: only some of us are.
The people must now must make rethuglicans pay at the ballot box
Thank you Senator
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris
Thank you so much ... you did the RIGHT thing ... we MUST fend off this political cancer and win back the GOOD America we know & love.
THANK YOU.
Why did you vote at all. Why didn't the Dems just walk out and not vote at all because no one knows whats in the bill
Now that the debate is open, let's put forth real solutions! Solutions that won't hurt human health.
Thank you senator for voting the way you did and supporting those of us that desperately know that this up-and-coming bill is wrong
Thank you
We heard you! LOL! Keep fighting!
Im proud to have voted for you.
.@GOP #2018
#SenatorHarris  and others who oppose this bill, please keep up the fight. Don't b discouraged.We appreciate all ur efforts
Thank you for voting "NO".
#DT has #norespect for this #Country, it's #People, or the #RuleOfLaw. #ConvictDJT #Impeach45 He respects #Putin and #Russia.
Thank you!
Thank you Senator.
I Wished Senator Harris would run for President, she has been working hard for American people. So very proud of her.
So wish you represented Pa.
Sorry you have to work with a bunch of children, aka Republicans.
Thank you Senator
Thank you for your vote.
I wish I felt like Senator McCain's speech actually had an impact. But it didn't.
Nice..
Well you lost now I lose too. You people in Washington don't give one shit about us little people.
Sen. Harris, we appreciate your fighting. Regroup and come up with new strategy.
What I want to know is why I can't have the same healthcare plan as Congress or why all of you don't they have to scramble around like me?
We are too lazy to vote in this country..going to get worse before it gets better. Healthcare doesn't matter when our Republic is destroyed.
We are better than this? I wonder. If so many "we" can be so mean & unethical, what do we stand for?
@
Thank you.
Definitely in need of improvement
There are people in my family and some of my friends who are crying and terrified right now. GOP is cruel, heartless, unAmerican.
Thank you!
Please please please put Trump and family, including Bannon in prison. America is dieing.

Here's the thing...the gnawing truth behind the rise of Trump...no, you're not better than this. THIS is who you are! And it ain't good.
#WeStandWithYou #ACASavesLives
Thank you. I stopped everything to watch the votes. @SenateDems are 100% NO, we are very grateful Sen Harris.
Thank you for your vote. It seems that we are slipping away into a lawless country by trump and the #GOPutin.
Whole election was tainted when will you all  stand up and scream it.
When its gone ?
Thank you for voting no.
Of course you voted no and you will be on the right side of history! Thank you!
Thank you I wish my senator would have voted  NO.
Lobby dont tweet. For donations. Luv ya but time to WORK
Thank you, @SenKamalaHarris. None of this is right, moral or normal. It's downright creepy.
So you're not even open to debate on failing policy. Brilliant
You've got my attention senator. I don't think I'm alone.
Good for you. Thank you for your hard work.
Thanks Kamala! Keep fighting!! We're with you!
Wrong. 2016 option for me was 1 choice/$1290.00 w/ $8000 deduct. I walked away. Obama & Dems lied. Not voting for you if u run 4 potus, btw.
Sadly we aren't
I wish we were.
Thank you for your NO!!! vote
Thank you! When you are ready to run for the Presidency, you'll have my vote.
Yes we are. Very disappointing.
Thank you. I'm terrified about what happened today. This is NOT America.
We are quickly becoming Not Better as a country Sen Harris!
Can you address this horrid injustice with your colleagues that's being done to Americans in #Tennessee?
Thanks for doing the right thing and not succumb to the bullies. That's why we need more women. Apparently they're the ones with the balls.
Keep saying we're better-than-this. One day it might ring true.
Just don't ride BART
Win the nomination, the presidency and make it right Senator.  We are with you.
I sincerely hope you are right, Senator. Trump has not just lowered the level of discourse; it is much worse than that.
Thank you Kamala! Proud you are from my state.
Actually, Senator, we are not. That is why we still don't have comprehensive, universal h-care coverage.
Would you support an amendment that stipulates all congress people get insurance under the same regulations as the bill they pass?
I loved the delivery of that "no". It sounds more like "the fuck? Of course not"
Thank you, Sen. Harris. You, Sen. Baldwin and other Dems stood up for the people today.
Yeah that makes since let's not let everyone debate solutions and offer up amendments.  Hypocrite
Proud of you !!
We are but GOP isn't
Thanks, .@SenKamalaHarris. Please continue to fight by raising point of order against violations of the Byrd Rule & FILIBUSTER BY AMENDMENT.
We knew u would vote no. It's the Tea Party & Trump Party that will take even illegal actions to destroy ACA. Yes they will. Dems get ready.
Thank you for your vote!!  Proud to have you as my Senator.  Keep fighting for us.  We are watching and cheering you on.   #TheResistance
#KamalaforPOTUS
Thank you
Thank you Senator
Thank you Sen. Harris
Thank you senator!
Apparently not.
Thank you. 
Are we? I often wonder. 
I know. It's an internal debate I have, too.
We're starting to look around.
How are they getting away with this when so many people are against the repeal I don't understand. They don't give a fuc about us.
Nope. We are nothing to them. They are supposed to work for us  we are just expendable cattle to them.
if your not willing or dedicated to #TheResistance than please leave! don't discourage us with negativity!
That's up for debate right now.
Harris 2020!!!
Unfortunately we are not. The Dems have not had a solid plan. I am a Dem and voted Hilary. There has been no fight back.
We don't seem to be: Trump and Republican lackeys of the 1% are proof positive.
We know.
We have faith in you.

Thank you Senator Harris
2020.
This is nothing more than WWE style grandstanding.
CSPAN indicates that Democrats (That includes you) Didn't vote AT ALL on whether to start debate on the health care bill - Yeah, good fight
Thank you! I am Proud to have voted for you! 

#KamalaForPresident #Resist #TrumpRussia
Get these SCUMBAG GOP leaders out of our government.
Maybe better as a country, but not as a government? GOP-controlled government is concerned only with tax cuts for billionaires and hates us.
Thank you Senator
Thank you for being the voice of the Californians you represent!   You are the BEST!
thank you. The fight isn't over yet.
You didn't even vote to debate.
You are a stick in the mud.
Thank you 
Perhaps it's time for Dems to stop being politically correct and start jamming the Reps.
We have begged and pleaded with the GOP not to do this, but they spat in our faces today. Nov 2018 we need to hit them in the F'in mouth! 
Thank you!
Republicans just want things their way while Trump is crying around the White House
I don't think we are better. We voted twice for GW and elected a narcisctic sex predator in 2016. I think we're getting the gov't we deserve
You always have my vote...!
America heard the Democrats' vote. TY
Thank you Senator Harris for your No vote. The Yes vote was bought or made in a dementia fever by some members who should not be Senators.
Thank you for your vote to preserve the democratic process & healthcare for all.  Stay strong.
The Dems need to collect hundreds of millions of $$ to campaign for a positive view of America.  See how Trudeau ran his campaign in Canada
really?  Don't roll that impertinent crap my way. You voted as a bloc of DEMS, angry you lost the election and determined to undermine POTUS
Many people just lost their healthcare today - 2 very EVIL men won our country lost
Thank you for your vote! We have to continue the #Resistance
THANK YOU!
Obviously we are not .

Sadly, No, Ms. Harris. At this point in time we are NOT "better than this". We were, & could be again. But right now #AmericaIsOnLifeSupport
Thank you!
And NO ONE offered a VIABLE Alternative!
The American HEALTH Act! #AHA! Rev 2
Is it even clear what bill McConnell is debating? Are we going to see massive "bait and switch"? Please keep fighting for us. Stay strong.
I just want to scream bad words!
It is appearing to be hopeless . This is our life for at least 4 yrs. THE DEMS NEED A LEADER, not just a lot of hand wringing!!!
FDR said it best !
@KamalaHarris for President 2020!!
People are talking, if you didn't catch that already...
Not when @GOP puts party (or in some cases, Heller) money over country. They suck.
I hope so
Sadly the Dems have done this to themselves.
We are as a people, but we don't run our Government any longer, money does. #Resist
Wish you were my senator!  thank you @SenKamalaHarris instead I'm stuck with disgraceful @SenatorLankford @JimInhofe
Not even willing to debate? Let's just keep the crappy ACA. Thanks.
Are we, Sen. Harris? I'm not sure anymore. We'll see where we are when Mueller is fired. I'm from NC, have seen this happen before.
Not the GOP! They are now considered my personal enemy. They started it for the record and this is my testimony.
Thank you, Senator!
You voted no because you can't go outside party lines for what is best for the country #sad
Thank you Senator!
