If you need to seek shelter from the wildfires, please do so regardless of your immigration status.
Good God! Caught between two FECKING disasters -- DHS & wildfires. This country is run by the devil & his evil minions.
No. They’re here illegally. They broke our laws. They need to leave!
Yr statement is truly awful. A sociopath president w/no compassion, humanity, or empathy for others creates a sociopathic society.
The law,legal and illegal,two different words,two different meanings.as a taxpayer should not be taking care of them.
Conservatives sure want Christianity in govt, but then say/do opposite of what Jesus taught. Certainly an unChristian attitude.
Breaking laws is unchristian
You mean unlike Christ himself did?
Ok illegal loving devil worshiper
Trump Lies. Always.
That Hillary, Bill & Barry r all such a dream! Honest moral upright outstanding Americans. Not 
And do you have any reason to believe she’s not lying like the rest this administration?
She is not lying. Im living through this inferno. ICE will not be going in PERIOD.
She's not lying. But ICE WILL move in as soon as fires are out, even though people are still in shelters.
Load ‘em up and move ‘em out!
Keep your opinions to yourself. We are trying to help everyone in this community poor, middle class that have nothing.
Typical  wacko lib. You’re not the only one that can voice an opinion. Scoot along troll
Again you chose the wrong side ,
Have you no SHAME ?!?
Look at YOU! Go Hum on a Willey. How's Blanche? ICE can & will catch your illegal voters & deport.
It breaks my heart and angers me to no end that we live in a country where this is even a concern. What kind of nation have we become?
now to deal with defusing all those @realDonaldTrump minefields he keeps laying out there to avoid Russia #Resist
Name them.
It's reprehensible that such a tweet is necessary in this country. Unbelievable.
Love how you take care of Americans. Illegals started the fires explain that to all the people that lost life and/or homes.


Dear @ICEgov, here's sitting US Senator Kamala Harris aiding and abetting criminals. Please review and consider asking @FBI to charge her.
A disgrace this Kamal’s Harris...
I nominate this woman for POTUS. She is doing his job already.

Problem being: ICE definition of "impacted" will end when fires are out, while actual "impacted" will last MUCH longer. Expect arrests to occur in that gap, i.e. right outside shelters as refugees attempt to leave.
I can only hope someone here illegally steals from you, hurts someone you love, or worse.  No one will come to your aid and deservedly so.
You're a disgrace to your ancestors!
Everyone is welcome to go to Kamala's house. She can give you the name and address of the richest Democrats who have plenty of space for you
Now #fakenews is coming from Capitol Hill and this fake news puppet wants to be considered for 2020? Yeah. Right.
What part of "illegal" would be unclear to a former Attorney General? Thanks for showing partiality to non-citizens over actual citizens.
Duh
Do you realize that one of those illegals caused that fire and killed 40 people?  You have their blood on your hands. Most corrupt state in the country.
U R SICK GET HELP SOON
WHITESUPREMIST R UNDER SUSPICION FROM VIDEOS ON FACEBOOK FOR CA FIRE
WHAT GREAT THINGS HAS DT DONE TO MAKE USA GREAT
has anyone been arrested or held for questioning in connection with the fires?
You are more worried about illegals than Americans affected by the wildfires? You are a evil sick individual!
By all means @SenKamalaHarris, let the illegals take away valuable resources needed for LEGAL citizens. Remember them?
What about the 1 that started the fire, best we keep him
#NotSmart to ignore #LawAndOrder 

http://ussanews.com/News1/2017/10/17/arson-suspect-arrested-in-ca-wine-country-wildfires-might-be-here-illegally-heres-what-ice-did-today/ …
NOTHING, about which to be Proud, Senator.
How about inform illegal criminals that one set the fires that burned American homes to the ground.
#KamalaHarrisTraitorToAmericanCitizens
But will these people receive aid? Or will it be America First?
you were quoted by @nytimes
wouldn't this be considered sedition? @realDonaldTrump @TGowdySC @VP please do something about these loud mouths !!!
The fact that this a continuously needed declaration for destruction zones in the U.S, is sickening.
what's happened to our sense of decency and empathy?
We have a racist,mentally unstable president who opened the gates to these levels of hatred by so called'americans'.So called "human beings"
I still have difficulty believing he's in the White House
Well, to be fair, he rarely is, physically. Trust me. I can still barely wrap my head around this fuckery.
You want to bet? thanks for sharing where they are. Round ups soon to begin & charging you with crimes against the nation soon coming 4 you.
If they aren't checking, they aren't doing their job. You are obstructing justice.
Street justice will prevail criminals will be silenced
You've also personally confirmed that you have zero interest in working for American citizens. Good to know.
Not too many Democrats do! Illegals(votes)& controll.
 They help the enemy. Obama & his wolves.
Kamala Harris is a criminal.
Translated:  You’re safe to stand outside Lowe’s waiting for work.
Oh shut up 
Both of you are Dopes, Duke should be fired and you should resign
Arrest illegal alien criminals and anyone who lets them escape! And I mean anyone including politicians.
After the fire crisis, back to work to enforce the law and order @ICEgov. #StandWithICE
Uh huh. I don't trust 'em. Which unfortunately is probably the prevailing attitude.
BUILD THAT WALL. ILLEGAL IS ILLEGAL PERIOD
Also plz vote for me regardless of your immigration status.
They should be rounded up there and deported.
Talk to Willie Brown lately?
You need to be arrested for aiding the enemy
They want have to go into the fire zone, they can just pick them up outside fire zone
THIS is why your anti-American ass will be unemployed come reelection time!
Country’s top immigration enforcement officer says he is looking into charging sanctuary city leaders with violating federal anti-smuggling laws because he is fed up with local officials putting their communities & his officers at risk by releasing illegal immigrants from jail.
Help out the victims with the millions of tax dollars you take from us instead of giving it to illegals. Corruption in CA like no other 
Jeez! That we have come to this. Reassuring people they won't be deported in the middle of a life threatening catastrophe!
Good, I hope any violent criminals that you protect prove the folly of your attempt to recruit mindless democrat voters to reshape the USA.
I neither believe nor trust anything that comes from the 45 regime.
Is that a policy or a "word".
You know this admin really is not good at keeping them [word]
You are not her boss. The DHS doesn’t owe you anything. You got smoke screened lol
The fact that this has to be said is so horrible I really have no words to describe it.
Corruption w/in our gov and WHAT is the rest of our gov going to do about it

@POTUS @TheJusticeDept @ICEgov @DHSgov #Congress #Senate
Print & Post in your local communities. You have the right as a LEGAL American Citizen to report #Illegals. Be the eyes/ears for @ICEgov.
1000s of Americans are homeless due to fires, and your priority is... illegals? Nice job California, nice job.
Always an opportunist that Kamala Harris. Never quits pandering even in a disaster...fake, phoney, fraud!!!!!
You were voted in office to protect citizens against illegals. Not to protect illegals. You need to go.
You are circumventing federal law to shelter illegal entry into the United States.
u r protecting criminals over citizens- WTF is wrong with U?
It’s embarrassing that has to be said and a hopeful sign ppl are getting past political rhetoric & see reality & how it impacts real lives
They are here illegally. Do you understand the word illegal??
Do you understand it's a civil infraction and not worth losing ones life over?
They can pack and go back to Mexico. It's only an 8 hour drive.
You know that LE doesn't have to be truthful to suspects while conducting criminal investigations right?
If they're here illegally, lock em up and ship em back.
Why not? Illegal is illegal!
So people who don't belong here will be competing for resources meant for citizens and legal residents?
Duke cannot be trusted ICE is on a rampage, a power trip #plzBeCareful
It’s so sad that this even has to be said.
Finally, unbelievable truth video (http://youtu.be/38g9Br2OUKo ). Now, secret is out. Nobody can LIE. Yes, people already KNOW. Sorry...
Well 'that' is a shock
Sad you have to check.
make sure no one tells tRump
And you trust them?
She is lying to your face.
What the flip? Who cares about immigration status in a wildfire? #smh #realitycheckplease
With all due respect, Sen Harris, why do you trust anything said by members of the current regime?
....not interested in Americans.
@DHSgov  is this true ? If so why ?
That's good to hear but I don't believe it.
Just like all the others who stand against @POTUS ... politically corrupt and compromised.
THEY LIE!!
TRUST IS GONE!
FAITH IS OVER!

WE were close to it before Moron BLOTUS
NOW, the days of the naive are over
ONLY the STUPID remain
All well and good for her to say that to YOU but if she doesn't give that order to ICE agents, they'll have plausible deniability.
i wish u would have confirmed when U were CA AG not 1 US citizen Would B killed by an illegal alien http://www.illegalaliencrimereport.com/?s=california + @TuckerCarlson
We're all a little short on trust right now. They were told this before. We trust you. Do you trust your source?
Will other laws be set aside like looting?  Assault?
Don't tell the toddler-in-chief. He'll have somebody whip up another EO that he'll almost forget to sign.
So why should we take the govt's word that they won't try to move on non-citizens during a crisis like this? Our govt. lacks morality/ethics
We can't assure citizens that the govt. will provide timely and effective assistance to citizens during and after a natural disaster.
The US govt. can not be trusted anymore. We can't even assure citizens they won't be gunned down by out of control law enforcement.
Worry more about your own people. Liberals responsible for most mass shootings.
You believe her? Because most people wouldn’t.
Wishful thinking is very dangerous in this regard. What assurances have been given? What recourse do people have if Duke is lying?
Senator Harris it's pretty hard to take anyone's word in the Trump admin. They say 1 thing & he says another. They have zero credibility.
Lol! DHS doesn't do enforcement in disaster area in the first place. Quit trying to get votes and do your job.
What if she is LYING?
Christ almighty that they would even think to do that. America who are you?
Fuzzy, @ICEgov would not consider it, @KamalaHarris is trying to paint the current administration as racist and evil.
Trump's NAZI ICE THUGS WILL CONTINUE TO DESTROY FAMILES-THAT'S WHO THEY ARE.
DO NOT TRUST OR BELIEVE THEM!!
NO BUENOS 
OH GIVE ME A BREAK
You REFUSE to abide by Fed Laws Anyway
#SanctuaryState Secede @SenFeinstein @JerryBrownGov 
GET OUT - NO FEMA $$ FOR YOU!
We have an ideological problem when lives may be lost b/c wingnuts are racist psychos. ICE must be full of concentration campguard types now
I’ve also drawn that conclusion over the stories from the past few months. Very troubling
Why do you want illegal aliens to stay in California to rape and molest children and women - what is wrong with you?
They want the illegal votes
Hope you’re tweeting this info in multiple languages for those in need.
That's what they said in TX, during Harvey... and yet, instead of helping ppl, they arrested ppl seeking shelter. They are Gestapo
But you know how they are. 'Easier to ask forgiveness than to ask permission'
And you trust her?
Seek shelter to you're homeland. Flights leave hourly. And when did we become a Nation that ignored and broke laws?
Isn’t That Nice of Them ? ICE Will Be in The Wildlife Areas Further Kicking People While They Are Already Down ! #GopPIGS #CALexit
Sonoma County felt your support today, thank you for your visit Ms Harris!
Sorry. No trust! Not under this administration.
There's no way I'd believe that. What a terrible situation. I've meet DT, he's going to find their names. He's vindictive & racist
Thank you but that you should have to confirm humane behavior is heartbreaking
And you would trust her because????
Thank you for coming to Sonoma county - they need you.
Oh good-so thug illegals can rummage and pillage at will-You are a BO light replacement
I know hundreds of them, they'll still be afraid - they've got no reason to trust government.
Yeah, because they are here illegally
It's unspeakably sad that there are people afraid to seek shelter from a horrific disaster because of paperwork.
But ICE Inspector Javert had to be physically restrained from hounding his quarry, I'll bet.
Bad move @SenKamalaHarris
Not only are u conspiring to abet illegals
You are giving them an incentive to torch ALL of CA
#LessLibsBetterGovt

Don't trust DO injustice
Can't believe anything this administration says.
#save DACA
@FBI creates "Black Identity Extremist" 2 put blacks it wants 2 target into. All Kamala cares about is illegals DACA
Stunning that this even needs to be said.
What a $hit country
Ridiculous that you even had to ask. Thank you for doing so. Don't take your eyes off of them for a second.
So sad that this has to be said during these tragedies.
Amen to that
@letat_lechat Pro-tip: Jeff *Klan* Sessions is AG. They're lying.
.........aaaaw...that's so wonderfully WHITE of them.....just tears (sniff) me up.......
Once again, with feeling, and perhaps in Spanish...
Pinche desgraciados.
They had no plans to. Glad you’re really concerned about Americans.
But they should!!!
Seriously you believe anyone in the Trump admin. Did Trump and Sessions make the same guarantee? With their record I would be concerned.
Yeah I have lots of faith in Duke, a Trump stooge.
I wish that was believable.
Exactly. All you have to do is put yourself in their position. Would you trust these assurances? 
I know I wouldn’t.
Similar assurances were given to Jews during the Holocaust.  In my mind, @ICEgov = Nazi.
I don’t disagree.
Well, the fear obviously still persists.
As long as someone other than Dumpster gave you their word. Dumpster is a liar.
They should be
Protecting the illegals. More important than Americans. Very telling Kamala
It's insane that we are living in a culture where this is even necessary.
Yeah, because no other country has immigration laws. 

Ahhhhhh.....we celebrate a lack of law enforcement.
I thank God I live in a red, conservative country in CA that disobeys the sanctuary ruling by Gov Moonbeam allowing illegals to stay here.
Where do you live? I live in Southern California and I'm surrounded by lunatic Liberals!!
Kamala, the Trump Administration is not Attila the Hun.  Shut up and do your job along with the rest of your  ilk
im surprised you didnt lie and say Trump ordered ICE to go arrest them
I see you "Personally" take credit for action of others. Why even be a democrat? Just be a Republican. It's what you are. #MedicareForAll
LOL. Why would they bother to do that when there is so much greener pasture to graze? You're a terrible person to make it political!
Ya well does ICE know that? I'm sure they'll do it anyway. They're another group of trump's moronic minions.


I was honored to speak with you @refee00!! Thank you and you are truly a courageous #Whistleblower. I hope our interview goes viral!! https://twitter.com/refee00/status/899469441230139392 …
The problem is there's no reason to believe them.
That you had to confirm this is disgusting.
Nobody trusts them
And you believe her?
Every word out this admin. is a damn lie.Nobody should trust what they say.They have no shame,will take this as a easy way to do ice raids.
sorry but I do not believe it.
I don’t, either. Remember who is president.
I just want to cry but I think I'm all cried out since last November. Thank you, Senator.
Yeah isn't it great? #Trump won!!
Wow you are so amazing. So brave.
I'm disappointed that Duke didnt receive the nod as Sec - more than 30 years of distinguished svc in government. Rank award - all class.
Is there anybody out there believing this?
Awesome
They already had that in place, u had nothing to do with it..  @ICEgov is lol at u
You're such an advocate for the non-citizens of this State & Country.  Raising our taxes to pay for Non-Citizens (free health/welf.) WTF? 
Can she be trusted though?
I wouldn't trust them on that.
It's the least they could do.
Careful...my net is this is a lie
If you don't live don't make assumptions on what's going on here. No ICE PERIOD.#SonomaStrong

Well, isn't that good of them.
Wanna make a bet on that?
Kamalas #1 priority as usual. Make sure non citizens are assisted first.
Message me if potentially targeted people need a safe haven in Oakland. We have room for up to four people.

I'm guessing the "impacted areas" will now be expanded to include all of CA
I don’t know how to express how important you are in this world especially right now
now that’s comedy!
