Why do we keep associating Bernie with this though?? He needs to accept this is a democratic view first and stop dancing around with dems!
Sanders is introducing the billllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
So he's grandstanding and accomplishing nothing as usual, yawn. Gotta hand it to him, he sure knows how to fill his coffers the lazy way.
It's easy to fool dreamers.. They think this bill has a chance!
Do you 2 consider yourselves part of the #resistance? I suppose you think we should retreat to the woods while the GOP rams their agenda 
We are part of the real resistance with substance.. You're the one who's hiding behind an old dreamer. Time to move on and move fast..
It's been 3 days, Name a policy creating positive change on behalf of the Democratic Party from someone other than Sanderssssssssssssssssss
That bill has no chance to pass, Kamala knows it too. He's bill is equal to Trump's exec orders - meaningless, good bait to dangle to base.
Stop. Asking. For. Retweets. And. Do. Something. Jfc.
Potentially uniting the centrists and progressives in the Democratic Party with her endorsement of single payer  isn't enough?
She asks for RTs over this every other day, if you're paying attention. I voted for her.She knows the right thing/what her constituents want
It's not about a retweet. It's people seeing the words "sanders, Warren and I agree." Progressives have issues with Harris so this is big
Yeah. But you can do that without asking for RTs. In fact you say just that and don't ask for a RT and it works perfectly.
People have their twitter habits. And they're completely subjective. Doesn't mean she's not doing anything.
My issue is with her "RT if you agree." Most successful politicians don't do this. You can read my previous responses.
Maybe. But I still disagree that means she's not doing anything. My best hope for movement on this is seeing it become estab dem policy.
It's not a right. That undermines the argument. It is a critical party of infrastructure, like roads and clean water.
Ppl have the right to life, liberty, & pursuit of happiness. These rights are not delivered by others, but are intrinsic parts of humanity.
Healthcare is delivered by others, doctors, nurses, etc. Stop saying it is a right.
Having said that, we should deliver it to all because that makes our country, citizens, and economy stronger.
We should make it feasible to provide because we are moving our civilization forward. Compare to extreme DoD spending. Which is beter move?
Providing for the defense is a sensible thing to do. Spending 100s of millions on jets, not so much.
I 100% agree we should provide base healthcare, because it is better for our country.  Better for Urgent Care visits rather than ER visits.
Better for proactive healthcare rather than reactive healthcare.
Hahahahahaha omg keep talking you put another nail in your coffin every time you do!!
Citation needed.
Please, show me where in the Bill of Rights that says that healthcare is a right. I'll wait...
One can argue Article I Sec. 8: "The Congress shall ... common defense and general welfare of the United States....". Healthcare is a right!
Nowhere does it say that individual citizens has a right to medical care and that medical care should be provided by the government
it falls under 'general welfare' - It's a basic right.
So by your logic, the government should provide healthcare for its citizens (welfare)?
I want you to work on health care before #daca
But not with Bernie. Do it with Warren. Step off from Bernie. Not a Democrat. Only cares about himself
You're a silly person. You don't get to argue 2 contradictory things at once.
Can you keep this opinion for a long time please?
BS!
Kamalla, let us ask the real question. Do you believe that government (You) privide rights to people?
Is a right you do for yourself. 
If you choose to live unhealthy, then you choose to be.
No it's not, and it's not free either, and it shouldn't be.
Meaningless hyperbole! Man barricades to #SaveACA! Mobilize twitter & more to target #GOP senators to fight repeal. Come on @KamalaHarris ..
In all things there must be practical solutions not just Pipedreams
What does that mean? Everyone has access to healthcare, it's just unreasonably priced, when no one is helping to pay for it but ourselves. I refuse to sign up to a monthly program that would use up one third of my income.
If you could read you would see that the words "health care" are not in the Bill of Rights nor anywhere else in the Constitution. Nobody stops you from getting health care in the USA.
wow a senator doesnt understand democracy.. let me guess... im a rich black women, im oppressed!!! everyone is out to get me!
Why don't every person that is a politician go on 
Obama care or universal care that they want to throw down our throat
Why is it a right..
Hell No. It is not a right. There is such a thing as personal responsibility which is a foreign concept to delusional Dems
This DNC/Sanders line will end in a loss for democratic's in 2020. There is no plan behind it, no infrastructure. https://www.hillaryclinton.com/briefing/factsheets/2016/07/09/hillary-clintons-commitment-universal-quality-affordable-health-care-for-everyone-in-america/ …
What plan or infrastructure did Trump have when he beat Clinton
Did he really beat Clinton though. We don't know that yet.
A Democrat in same position would have been impeached and convicted by this point. #fakePOTUS #RealFake #GOP
I agree its a right in the eyes of all who honor life, which does not include most republi-guns.
Should be a right. Certainly isn't here, today.
NOT!!!!!!!!
Maslow's biological and physiological needs are rights too. Retweet if you agree.
Enough of the pointless tweets and begging for retweets. speak up for Hillary's right and obligation to continue her life's work.
Why? Focus on the issues ahead, why does it always have to be about her?
Think big: food is more important. Nationalize that as well!

Unlike OCARE & your socialist sgl payer which chooses FOR us. Govt needs 2 stay out of health ins business. That's what messed it up day 1!
I wouldn't agree with anything that sander says.  Will forever blame him.
Blame Hillary. She's the one who blew it.
Rights r things u have that can't be taken away (life, liberty,pursuit of happiness, free speech, religion, etc); not stuff provided to you.
Besides, these are things we provide to *ourselves*. That's what  governance "by the people" means.
Agree we should provide HC (& other things) to those in need. Problem is a culture where able people become dependent on others(their right)
Aren't we all dependent on each other? Do you trust other drivers to help keep you from maiming in auto accident?
idiot.
So we should rewrite the Constitution because of three socialist "politicians"
Rights don't derive from government
Rep kamla harris hero and an inspiration to all of America
A right to bankrupt this country? No thanks, let the states decide what is best. #MAGA
#WAGA We Are Great Already, as evidenced by the kindness we show each other during the recent disasters, without help or concern from POTUS.
That is true that real love for fellow Americans were on display.  Real tax cuts/ reform is the answer out of a stagnant Obama presidency.
Yes health care is a right. Medicare for all would be great but our cause would go a lot further if we also tweet about costs
I think all you Obstructionist Liberal democrats need to opt-in and take gov ins. Don't push that garbage off on We the people.
If #HealthCareForAll is a "Right" then #DoctorsAreOurSlaves.
Whose freedom will U take 4 the next "Right" U bestow?
Are police our slaves? Are firemen our slaves? Are our amazing men and women in the military slaves? They are all run by the government.
Doctors are not run by the government. They work in the free market. Good point.
U R WRONG. Only Emergency Life Saving care is a right- "Right to Life" as enumerated in the #DOI -It ends there.
I agree.
The money we waste fighting over our  health care... "Could pay for our health care!"
You sure can tweet, but can you actually put in a 40 hr work week? I am not seeing a modicum of dedication to putting Americans first!
If you feel so strongly, maybe Democrats should've done something when they controlled both houses and the presidency?
If you disagree with Bernie Sanders n Pocahontas, RT to tell @SenKamalaHarris she's WRONG and needs to read OUR Constitution
Thanks for your support
Nope
https://twitter.com/supraTruth/status/881553200251150336 …
Kamala Harris @kamala in all Seriousness U R  a great candidate Work it for all its worth Speak it Eat it live it :get Ins co S/Fwd afford
Sorry I can't support this woefully inadequate transition and Financially irresponsible plan- Medicaid for all who need it.
You are all a bunch of Liberal Communists
Conyers introduced it FIRST.
Do something instead of vacationing. This Congress & Senate are mocking the Constitution of these United States. Only Trump gets it done.
A lesson in civics and economics would help you idiots
How retarded can you possibly be? Do you really "not" know the difference between a right and a privilege???Idiot!
Kamala Harris in 2020, PLEASE!!
It is now go Obama care
LMAO
The California rerun is getting quite tiresome.
You're all three panderers to the free-lunch masses of idiots. On that all truly educated people can agree.
I support you but #neverbernie -He smears Democrats and our leaders. We will never forgive him or vote for him.
I believe you have a chance to actually unite the Democratic party, but only if Hillary stops talking about Sanders.
Show me in the constitution where it says healthcare is a right.
So when the rationing starts, will it be by lottery? Or some more sinister method?
Wondering if everyone also has a right to not provide healthcare, and how these two things can be reconciled...
Can you tell me where in the US #Constitution that is? I'm having a hard time finding it.
13.1k people haven't read the constitution. It's not a right. Fix ObamaCare and quit whining about it! If you're not to busy "vacationing".
Life is a right! Retweet if you agree too.
BEFORE facetiously touting HC as a right,let's 1st admit there's a right for BODY NOT to be targeted
NOT to be targeted by Fed agents for CANCER
NOT to be targeted as a fully fertile woman citizen - to be turned effectively infertile
NOT to be targeted with abnormal BONE growth inducing poison, WHILE DOC LIES IT's FROM HEAVY LIFTING
NOT to let citizen's SPF lotion be poured with urine by Obama laughing corrupt torturers
NOT to receive antibiotic resistant bacteria on church toilet paper towels to murder & scapegoat.
NOT to plant diarrhea inducing agents in torture victim to slim her down to make her appealing
"appealing" as emaciated, defenseless sex slave like a goose that lays golden eggs for $trillions
No. It's. Not.
Stop asking for retweets of Constitutional illiteracy! You're a legislative fraud!!
It's time you learned. Wishing something to be true doesn't actually make it true. Disney lied. @SenWarren @SenSanders
You all should get crack a lackin' and get a Constitutional Amendment passed if that's how you feel.
Folie a deux at its finest.
@Right2BHeard @SenWarren @SenSanders How are you going to pay for it & undo the many inefficient layers as it is now?
Three wrongs don't make a right.
Ok, you go tell the doctor with 200k in loans, who went to college, medical school and did a residency, that they should work for free! 
False it is a service.....
Of course you do. That just confirms to me you all know nothing about commerce and were mistakenly elected to an office over your head.
When your biggest monthly expense is your health insurance, as it is for me, give me a call, we'll talk!
You would benefit more than many of us if your health insurance premiums are so high.
You all agree. Great! Now show me in the US Constitution where it confirms this...
Me, myself & I all agree that you're a blithering idiot. Care to site the Constitution clause or amendment where this "right" is located?
Because retweets are way more effective than those silly hashtags.
I just checked the bill of rights. Didn't see a thing about healthcare.  Sooooo... I'm calling bullshit!
Just RT lol
You believing doesn't make it fact. Believing I'm a millionaire doesn't change the fact I'm not.
Actually it's not
So if we retweet this it becomes reality? BWAAAHAHAHAHA If you think Sen. Harris should resign, retweet THIS.  Maybe it'll work.
Because you're all Communists
I so regret voting for you. It will never happen again. WE ARE NOT A SOCIALIST NATION. HEALTHCARE IS NOT A RIGHT. Get a job, get healthcare
You should have a child together.
People are born with rights, they r not provided by the gov. Healthcare is not a right.
That is why everyone in this country has had a right to care since this nation was founded.  Government has never told me I can't see a doc
You are attempting to confuse people into believing an entitlement for someone else to PAY for that care equates to a "right" to care.
Nooooooooo. Healthcare is already protected by EMTALA and the laws we had BEFORE the ACA. The ACA steals from Peter to pay for PAUL. NO ACA!
Ship on right-privilege has sailed. Moot point. All paying--2 much--4 it anyway.  
 2provide dignity&security in managed, #$-effective way.
Where do you stand on campaign finance reform? What will you do to enact it?
When will senators be required to have the same healthcare they require their constituents to have?
"What do we want?"
"FREE SHIT!"
"When do we want it?"
"NOW!"
Healthcare is a privilege not a right
You all agree that killing innocent people is also a right. No, thanks.
Wrong - No one has a right to another's education or profession. Want to create a shortage of professionals like other countries? Keep at it
Been searching the Constitution. Can't find the clause that says rights are based on the tweets of pandering leftist pols.
There's a difference between having a right & exercising it. Latter not guaranteed for any right. @SenKamalaHarris @SenWarren @SenSanders
Comrade Harris forgets that health care isn't in U.S. Constitution.
How many RTs required by US Con to make this a reality?

Asking for a friend.
You don't and never will have a "right" to someone else's labor. Bring back slavery?
#Democrats cannot fathom the absolute and #LimitedGovernment nature of the US #Constitution. RT if you agree.
Rights do not impose on the labor and resources of others.
"Retweet if you agree". The 21st century version of "Honk if you..." and just as meaningful.
You agree, we don't. End of story.
Then pass an Amendment, stop the debate, tax us all, go to single payer and be done with it.  Screw the National Debt.
I have the right not to pay for your healthcare...retweet if you agree...
Then you have no clue what a "right" is.
It isn't. Read our constitution and the bill of rights.
Democrats... Still believing they have a "right" to another person's labor.
Some things never change.
If it's a right, I demand a return of all the money I've paid into Medicare for the last 52 years.
Nowhere in the Constitution or Bill of Rights is there a single mention, anywhere, of health care. It is NOT a "right". Want it? Work for it
Can you show me in the US Constitution where that RIGHT IS PLS?
that's about the only thing I'll agree with on @SenSanders... watch y'alls BACK he is trying to DESTROY the DEMOCRATIC PARTY
Medicare for all
A basic human right
The Three Stooges of Socialist Party  #Constitution
Anyone can get HC! You're pushing Govt. controlled insurance & care. ACA, failing & extremely expensive. Vet HC is a disaster!Stay out of it

So can we steal the labor of all healthcare workers to get this right?  Who should have to work for free so I can have healthcare?
I agree but a little nervous about you standing with BS on anything
Hear, hear
Especially since most of the money used for ACA, & hopefully Medicare 4 all, is funded by taxpayer money. Time taxpayers got something back.
Is it one of those rights found in the Constitution?
You three deserve each other, and maybe a trip to the common sense tree. Maybe just get a real job and leave politics alone.
Food is a right too. Retweet if you agree.
So did HRC in 1992...Senator BS is not a DEM and should not take credit for single payor bc he didn't even support it in 92/93 #Bernout2017
Then what are you doing about #Va hospitals especially long beach california and #carlthaydenva  reopen the independent foreclosure review
Ya fuistes pura Communistá Sna. Harris. Por favor, no haces eso.
BERNIE SANDERS IS NOT A DEMOCRAT.

Please stop pushing this narrative, it is only hurting you.
i hope that means more that just giving lip service to the idea, but actually WORKING to protect that right.
No, it doesn't.
Healthcare is a reality. Someetimes its good. Sometimes its bad. Most  times too expensive. Fix the cost modelling; Need for ins goes down.
Kamala Harris, no. You are corporate Dem. You let Mnuchin's bank off the hook for thousands of foreclosure violations when you were AG.

Health care is a right in socialism.
Maybe secretary of state in these 2s admin? I don't know about this President talk, I don't think white people voting for another minority
Get off the corporate $$ train
How bout free underwear and sox?
I love you Kamala but if you decide to run in 2020 asking people to retweet isn't the answer. Start doing something, build your resume
I've said it before.  You don't know what rights are.  Clearly.
Healthcare is just a product until the philosophical question about a fork in the road to the future is answered. "Healthcare as a right?"
So is a living wage indexed to CPI.
I agree, however I will not support or vote for corrupt corporate establishment @TheDemocrats! I support progressives candidates!
@traciemom @SenWarren @SenSanders  Nothing w/Sanders name on it is worthy. He's a treacherous phony who enabled  Trump.
stop taking corporate pac money.
Yes
I'm not a fan of socialism, but as rich as our country is, an idealism for others to copy, health care should be a basic right for all...
Hell to the YEAH
If you mean it stop taking bribes from industries opposing #singlepayer
I just love the fact she's getting forced left. It must be killing the neolibs
She's getting forced to pretend to be left. I still don't buy her act.
I agree with you wholeheartedly.
A wee bit late & very opportunistic @SenKamalaHarris, esp given Dems' shenanigans in CA re #medicare4all  @RoseAnnDeMoro
Democrats very calculatingly support bold measures when they know they can't pass them. Makes sense @SenKamalaHarris supports It now
@DarkKingZoro @SenWarren @SenSanders  again folks: I RT even though it's Mnuchin-backed Kamala Harris
So is the right to marry, start a family, a right to travel, a right to due process. Still being denied to hundreds of thousands in the US.
Can you show me where healthcare is a right in the constitution?
I mean, technically, it already is a right the same way you have the right to keep and bare arms...
It's kinda more like ACCESS to care is a right? At least that's the way they're coming from for it.
They want it to be paid for by tax dollars.
Well, yes.
When are you people going to stop talking about it and taking some action??   We don't  believe when we see no action.
@jimmy_dore  all I ask is that you remember bernie made this possible and never forget who is saving the democratic party and the country
Kamala, ya stick around Sanders you're gonna get SCREWED!!
Dump Sanders for a real democrat then we can talk. #BernedOut
You know who else agrees with healthcare for all? THE ONE WHO FIRST FOUGHT FOR IT! #HillaryCare
You misspelled "Bernie" Here's Hillary on single payer health care: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BG7w3Oey3xs …
Welcome to the club. Keep it up.
Sen. Sanders says "health-care as a right." Knows it has to be defined by law, society. Natural law positions won't cut the rhetoric
Read the Constitution and amendments.  I don't see it.  That's not to say health care isn't important.
From the earliest Neanderthal,the normal course for humanity is TAKE CARE OF EACH OTHER! Health care & empathy for all; it's in the genome!
Health care is not a right.
Yup
Not just a right, but the right thing to do.
And what  they charge for drugs . It's insane . Why do people try going across the border to get cheaper drugs in Canada I ask ? Hmm ?
No RTs.  By aligning with Sanders, you show us how out of touch you are w actual Democratic voters n fact that sanders is a FRAUD!! 
Maybe the government needs to cap these doctors and what they charge for their services and then go after the pharmaceutical companies.
But does Bernie agree the Hyde Amendment needs to be repealed?  He's never said it.  Not once.
I don't think too much about health care because I live in Canada. Too bad your country is going backward
I love you, Canada! 
If you eliminate the insurance companys you will be PRESIDENT I will personally start a grassroots young Americans for Harris out w old !
BS was a sore damn loser during the election & HRC 65 million + voters have not forgotten. We won't support him, (period)
I'll ask you the same question I ask everyone who calls for single payer - how do you PAY for it?
With money.
I see you're as smart as the typical leftist
