#DefendDACA #WeStandWithDreamers
#NeverTrumpHillaryism Did We Take Comfort in @POTUS44 Placing Dreamers in Jeopardy w/Temporary #DACA—Dems Disagree
DACA: apply to come into the country the legal way is the path. No blanket amnesty or blanket citizenship.
Then it's up to congress to pass something to save DACA.
Excuse me?  How does that work?
They are making DACA as dreamers as if no one else has dreams, uh Americans do!
Got it.
Orange hair, will never work for me!  NO DACA, Kids are a tax burden https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8unGH7S0A8w …,
A common complaint from teachers. Immigrant students slow learning for all. Extra expense to teach English they don't want to learn. NO DACA
Where did you immigrate from?
My Mother came here legally!! The path IS there!!  My neighbor waited 17 yrs for her son to legally come here!
The logic in that statement is skewed, and you know it. You are wrong. If you were right, I would agree with you.
And this Native American Indian will approve the process! 
America the "Hard Working Loyal State Citizens" (People from All over the World) who each and All make this country Grrreat !
We...The People, Stand Up Lift Up Your Voice Watch Fight and Pray....Amen.
More important than their 'contribution to the GDP' is the fact that they are decent human beings doing no harm to no one.
That's a lie and you know it.  They do not belong here.  They have to go back.
Agreed!
It's up to you! Quit blaming others. Incompetent!
We're not all immigrants, actually. Interesting how the Dem Party has put non-citizen immigrants' interests over those of actual citizens.
Legal immigrants are not the problem. DACA is an illegal law passed by a former lawless president court ordered to stop.

Please use this automated service to resist! ...I always pick congress as option, that way ALL ur reps receive!
https://twitter.com/ashtotheru/status/904508275911163904 …
African American descents of slaves are not immigrants. Africans STOLEN/KIDNAPPED from their country 300 years ago were not immigrant.
A path to citizenship exists. Breaking our law to enter our country is NOT the way to go about it. Criminals do not get perks of citizenship
Immigrant would imply a choice. My ancestors had zero choice. While your at it apologize to Native Americans.
you have a choice though - feel free to apply to legally emigrate from the USA to somewhere else since you feel that way.
you must be an Ilegal immigrant to make a statement like that. CANCEL DACA!!!
We are all immigrants on this planet is what I meant not the country just fyi
DACA is a stab in the back to Americans.
Go bk &learn yr history! Rd the plaque on lady liberty this country built by immigrants!! Unless yr n8tv, you hv no say on who's 'American'!
African American descents of slaves are not immigrants. Africans STOLEN/KIDNAPPED from their country 300 years ago were not immigrant.
I fire you for being unfit to lead & being veritaphobic. You dont understand law & enforce. I was born American & I'm not an immigrant.
Is this "path" on any website we can all look at?  Are you presenting it to congress?  Walk the walk- not just talk!!!
What about the DREAMS of all of the American kids MURDERED by ILLEGAL ALIENS Senator? Did their dreams not count? #DEPORT_EM_ALL
No we are not
We are from immigrants, but immigration is controversial, IF YOU ATTORNEYS FAIL TO MAINTAIN A JURISDICTION, while you selectively enforce.
Quit ignoring the fact that 11 million are UNDOCUMENTED!!  What immigration reform are you proposing specifically?
What about the immigrants waiting on line? Those who have been patient and doing in legal? Wtf
I am an American not an immigrant. I was born here. And the Statue of Liberty has nothing to do with immigration! Educate yourself!!
Right now the Statue of Liberty is weeping. I have no words anymore
Oh stop. The US admits 1 million legal immigrants every year, and yet ppl buy into the fiction that the US is anti-immigrant. Stupid.
Native Americans hate you.
No you aren't. Historically you are proud conquerors.
We are all LEGAL immigrants..America first, then help others. Too much money going to immigrants when we can't take care of Americans.

Lawful? They were entered into a country illegally
Im not an immigrant i was born here

No we are not all immigrants.  Learn the definition and start looking at birth certificates. Yes Obama is an immigrant
Legal or illegal immigrants???
Thank u senator.
Well except for the Native Americans but yeah
Granddaughter of immigrants. #SaveDACA
Well they can live a great life and their own country
Native people where here,Black people where brought here,all the rest of you are immigrants.DUH
you are a good person.
Fight Trump. Do not beg Trump for Mercy. He is sadistic and compromised by his Russian ties. Fright Trump. Represent us. Stop him. #dreamers
More like settlers. Don't erase Native Americans!
Why? You know they were savage right? Sending beheaded corpses of scouts to forts. Killing children and selling mothers as slaves.
I think I'm an alien.  It seems to me, I'm made up of unitedisms. Plz, Don't lock me up. I'm a good alien. I promise to never, harm a human.
as long they do not purchase a hat&shirt,book Trumpski Hotel or buy an Loft in Trumpski tower, worship him they have no value for Trumpski
Your buying  there votes? Illegitimate. Cant they vote for anyonr they want?
Bless your heart for fighting for these souls, Senator! It´s a shame that who you are fighting, is our insensible and vindictive president.
True to history on one hand and tearing history down with the other. Sounds like rewriting history to me.  #Alinskitactics #communismSux
Who is the 'we' in 'we are all immigrants'?  First nations people aren't. Neither are Black Americans, who's ancestors were slaves.
Nothing like a little communism.
She gained naturalization during WW2 when Europe was sliding badly...
We have a path to citizenship already. It costs thousands of dollars and several years to legally immigrate. Or you could just break the law
Esta mujer no trabaja para usted!!!  Trabaja por el dinero!!  Ya esta comprada!!  Solo dice lo que dice para ganar votos.  No es fiel a uste
Liar!!!!!    Sell out!!!  Don't hide behind Sanders.  You belong to your   $$$$donors$$$$     not the people!!!!  Liar!!!  @SenKamalaHarris
There is a way now there must be a determined will to do it. Nobody deported to a place that's not home. Save the children.
Appealing to the establishment, fine.  Appealing to progressive, fine.  However, the more donor money accepted = the more corruption
Nope  we are not all immigrants, because so called Blacks/African Americans were kidnapped and brought here unwillingly. 
Then do it Kamala. Stop Talking and throwing out TWEETS. That's easy. You work for us.
#Harris2020
MOST OF US AND OUR ANCESTORS CAME HERE LEGALLY
Not really.
Um.. yes really!
And since then the pathways to immigrate here legally have become tightly closed unless you are already wealthy or a seasonal worker.
Can you create a path to wealth for all the bank robbing dreamers out there?
This isn't left vs right.  Repub vs Demo.  This is people who care vs people who don't.  And not caring about these people is unAmerican.
But not all are legal. Amazing Dems don't accept that.
Natives aren't immigrants.
The American Dream is dead... RIP 1776-2017 #DACA
Trump has put the whole country in danger. When is congress going to do something before things happen that can't be undone?
We are all not immigrants.Im not an immigrant My parents aren't immigrants my grandparents aren't. my great grandparents r legal.
Immigrants
This is wrong we are about welcoming people not turning our backs on them , maybe it's time to deport FLOTUS
You can't, because she came to states legally.
You and Biden should be on the ticket together or Kennedy some young upcoming democratic candidate or al Franken, 
Sen. Franken would never want to be President of the United States. Although, he would do well.
Why are these hateful AG's doing this?  Why do they want to deport these people?  So cruel.
My next POTUS. Come to Portugal on your first visit abroad
So do it. You are part of the problem.
Give them citizenship and you'll gain tax payers. Kick them out and you'll gain enemies. Seems straightforward.
1-800-Eat-Shit. These people are not responsible for what their parents did anymore than you'd want to be.
Deplorable trump supporters. I'm blocking, don't like them entering my Twitter space.
I haven't figured them out yet. Immigrants make America great, and that's that they say they want to do. Doesn't make sense.
Most come here because they are desperate for work or, to escape oppression. If we put effort into helping Mexico, they would be better.
Yeah, Clinton tried it. Now you have cocaine problem.
They had a path, and it was legal.  Return to Go, do not collect $200.
#DACA doctors fearful of deportation:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=12&v=hfSLjNU9dBo …

We must stop #Trump's insane #WhiteSupremacy. He is out of control, crazy!
Go back where you came from
Really?  Well Madam, here's an eye opener.  My ancestors were here to meet the Mayflower.  What do you say about that?  I'll wait.  Crickets
When will you step it up senator? I'm growing increasingly sure of you as a future president. Peace.
guess you left out the "Legal" portion of immigrants....
The path is come through the front door, not the window or the back door!
You should be ashamed putting illegal aliens ahead of America children.   Time for you to get a job out of public service
Wrong, we were MIGRANTS, the was no government established.
#dumbasses
Then enact a law. Until then they are illegal immigrants period. You CA politicians are delusional.
who are the attorney generals who want to sue trump if he does not reverse DACA?
Help Dreamers become part of America's GREATNESS. Keep DACA.
I've interviewed a College Grad Dreamer & would like to hire. Dreamer has filed to renew DACA. USCIS is super slow in processing renewal.

I 'm a legal immigrant who became a citizen. I strongly favor a path 2 citizenship for the Dreamers. They've grown up in US it's their home
Schools, colleges and businesses where these DACA people are working and enrolled should speak up, contact the White House & Congress.
Good then why don't you start playing out of your pocket with all the money you got from the banks

without dreams U may end like you,Corporate paid .....
Dreamers   parents push them over the border to get picked up by border patrol to buck the system FACT
yes let's have a clear path to law breakers typical democrats
I am not an immigrant. I was born here you ditz.
Legal status is fine, but citizenship is a bridge too far.
You shouldn't be able to join a nation's political destiny by entering it illegally
No not all. My family is from Standing Rock. Unfettered immigration has never been a great idea. Immigrants killed off many of my relatives.
We are not all immigrants. Native Americans were here for at least 14,000 years and are still being murdered at near 2X the national rate.
We have created a path. We are deporting them back to their Country of origin where they can be citizens. Good Plan right?
Thank you for co-sponsoring the Dream Act! 

Of course!!!!!!   @justtish7
Also, many "Hispanics" have Native Mexican/Central/South American or Caribbean ancestry. Not all are originally from the Iberian Peninsula.
Ahem. Native Americans & First Nations are hardly immigrants. However, I do agree with your aiding the Dreamers.
Especially the Ugandan giant kamala
Path 2 citizenship begins w/ DS application forms BY LAW. not by busing in illegally by your BFF BO. RESPECTLAWS
But most of us are here legally & those who are not better fix it or get out now! #MAGA
Why arrest bank robbers they are #dreamers as well.
@BernieSanders is that you ! ? Where was KK when Hillary was electing Trump? Was she hiding behind HRC's pantsuit? Thanks for Trump Kamala!
Amen..been saying this for so long..create a better path for them to become a citizen
within an acceptable time frame not 10 plus years
Why aren't you taking care of our own kids
Wow. Pandering for votes? Like most Dems, I doubt you truly care.
Some of us are here legally, stop confusing the issue.
LEGAL immigrants Kamala...you left that off dear...
I am not a immigrant.  My parents also not immigrants.  My grandparents nope not either but my great grandparents yes, they were immigrants.
Let me know which laws I can ignore without repercussions
Okay, kids can stay. Mom, dad and all other family members do not get an anchor. They go
How about a path to citizenship for your slaves?
If were true to our laws.. which we are a country of.. we wld enforce them
I agree
Trump is so mean ! DACA is our future leaders
Let's start building you Presidential  coffers
Kamala! Lets talk Silicon Valley!&the Dems deal with them! (Shh we wont tell ur followers how u dont really care bout thos poor DACA kids!)
Does anyone notice what the trend is in California and the goal of the Democrats? Family and friends move out of state? Wonder why?
You only hurt the Immigrant and poor communities. We are onto you. You use and abuse illegal aliens
ur video is not telling the truth.  Your argument?  open the borders once and for all, to 'globalize' the USA...Obama's goal, the DEMS goal
Donald trump is an immigrant
I think that  Donald trump grand parents were Europeans.
and the Indian people is the owner
I find no evidence of Donald Trump being against immigration. Economics is where it's at. Can't serve well the entire globe
Senator Harris: Let's please remind everyone that we NEED smart, hardworking, dedicated young people.  It makes us STRONGER.
Do you mean the illegal immigrants that can work in sweatshops in Silicon Valley? .. to avoid antitrust indictments?
If the failed policies of prior administrations didnt allow this, we wouldnt be in this position. Welcome them back legally. Work on reform
Make sense politics: Harris.

Some of us were immigrants. Some were conquerors and settlers. You do the latter a great disservice.
Conqueror? The only thing you conquered, Ricky, was eating a whole bag of Doritos. Settlers in Appalachia vs immigrants of Silicon Valley..
I don't think you even comprehended my point. Go outside and play now.
You have no credible point, that's the point. Maybe if you went outside more, you'd learn what reality is instead of living in delusion.
Good luck at Auburn Jake. Hope you make it.
Thx. My gf is a jr at Auburn - Tigers are alright by me. Also, applying early admin to Duke Law/MBA. Resume is better than bro who got in.
I dream every day, nothing is free except our free will.
Because of an Illegal EO.  That's changing! #AmericansFirst
Except for the original inhabitants: Native Americans
Not really an exception, just goes back further in time to the spread of humans across the earth
Maybe if Obama worked WITH congress he would of passed a law huh ?
these immigrants did everything that was asked of them and then some unfair for DJT to use information collected to deport!
No they didn't they came here illegally
Dont be ignorant when there are different stories..if u have a hardened heart take it else where..dont be so pathetic..have some compassion
There are American children all over this country that don't get the attention these kids do! Their parents came here illegally, they knew
Does that still mean we treat them bad? It was our screwed up laws that allowed this. no we need 2 make it go good & reconstruct new laws
I would like to apologize for Sen. Harris to all immigrants that came here legally and dealt with mountains of bureaucracy 2 become citizens
No, I'm not an immigrant. I was born here. 
And my ancestors did not immigrate to the US. They created it.
Quit pandering; you were elected to represent Americans, NOT illegal aliens!
Key word being LEGAL immigrants. My descendants came here legally. They didn't come for the free phones, healthcare & education
Please do all possible to not allow Trump to throw these kids out of the only country they have known.
You cannot justify illegal immigration, with "We're all immigrants.".
If they weren't voting democrat, how much would you care?
I'm quite sure you wouldn't.
Deserve? Whatcha do for a livin?
A Path already exists, it's called not walking across the bordered and getting a Visa in the first place ..
Lol
Plz keep it up
Many employers only hire part time due to Obama Care. This way no employee insurance is required.
Ahhh no.  Their parents broke the law and they do as well each day they are here.
Why haven't you said anything about the #AwanBrothers They supposedly stole classified information from @TheDemocrats #HurricaneHarveyRelief
There is a path to citizenship. Its called the Immigration and naturalization Services. 
It requires an application for legal entry be filed
Send them back! Go with them mistress brown
U need 2 leave the U.S.  it is hateful people like you #youarearacist and there is no place in America 4 u..go 2 Russia white boy.
I am not an immigrant but I'm also not a Fascist.
I say all immigrants come through the legal process. Permanent resident then US citizen if they want to become a citizen. That's the path!
I say America is a place that should welcome refugees and immigrants seeking a better life.
I've neither emigrated from another country nor immigrated to this one. I am not an immigrant. Neither are my parents. Stop this nonsense!
Immigrants are INVITED to come here after they apply thru the immigration process
Stop conflating illegal aliens with legal immigrants
I'm not an immigrant. I was born in the US
The first people who's living was the Indians
Then , all of you are immigrants  , because angland people wasn't born in america
Trumpers don't give a shit about people's suffering. They only care about erasing Obama's legacy because he's black.
TY, @SenKamalaHarris W/ that said: I, as human being deserves #Equality #respect from those who unfairly bad mistreated me @CambridgePolice
Build that wall!
Seriously? 24 billion for Houston or a wall?
Tx is gonna get the aid. But the wall is still going up. It's not a matter of choice
We need to secure our borders from illegal immigration & drugs/ Narcotics! It's been decade upon decades since the gov't took action!
We need to legalize drugs, reform immigration, insecure of orders against morons.
* and secure (tee hee)
* our borders ( speech recognition sucks )
America is a great Nation because of Immigrants 
Well we need to stop illegals from coming in and feeding off welfare. Do you think we have enough illegals in this country? Do u want more?
What happened to defending freedom and their right to opportunity?
So after someone breaks into your home your all about their 'freedom and opportunity'?
Nobody is breaking into your home and touching your personal stuff. Don't be dramatic.
You have as much right to be here as i do but that doesn't mean i want to in my house. Those aren't the same thing
Why not? Your perfectly willing to subject other citizens to home invasions by illegal aliens. Why shouldn't you have to suffer too?
nope - law abiding legal immigrant here. I would never force my way into other people homes or countries. I ask & wait for an invitation
Thank you madam president We know when your elected immigration will look much different we need a leader with a heart & understanding 
there wont BE any immigration - it will be a free-for-the taking mob rule. NO NO NO
#BuildTheWall
Only wall going up is around the fear filled & piss poorly educated who blame others for their shortcomings you can go pick fruit anytime
I grow my own fruit and veg - so I already pick it. I have no need or use for illegal aliens.
We are not all immigrants or descendants from immigrants. Native Americans (North, South, and Central), and Africans didn't immigrate.
But I do appreciate the overall tone/intent of your message.
DACA is nothing more than Obama's illegal executive amnesty. Amnesty of any kind encourages others to enter our country illegally. #enddaca
but some are legal and some are here illegally
Reality is most are unskilled workers who have been driving down the wages of the middle class.
That's such a lie.  We are not all immigrants.  Some of us were born in America.   How is that being an immigrant?
You descended from immigrants. We are all here as a product of immigration. That is her point
Define values. I'm sure it your values just like the rights you made up from thin air
We already have a path to citizenship for immigrants.  It's called "Follow our Legal Immigration Process". Giving amnesty encourages others.
Legal immigrants, mine were.
Nope my people were kid napped and brought here
Only @POTUS 's base hate brown/black people and are not interested in strengthening America through DACA.
#kamalaharris2020
Surrendering to the invasion with hopes of votes from the Invaders.
This hurts my heart! How can people even claim to be decent and turn around and hurt kids? Good people don't do that!
Kamala Harris will make a top notch active VICE PRESIDENT. SHE CAN'T BE PRESIDENT YET. USA IS STILL AFRAID OF WOMEN INCHARGE .
#HarrisKennedy2020
