Liberals...I don’t care if tax reform helps me...I just want some rich guys that I will never meet pay the the max rate so I will be happy
I want them to pay a rate commensurate with the benefit they earn by being a business in this country.
GOP conservatives are being greedy AF without consideration for the suffering of others.
You want businesses to thrive? They need to pay it back to an entity that represents all of us, or at least should.
Also current estimates of tax reform indicate a 30% tax increase on household making 50k-150k annually.
These were the households that screamed loudest over premium increases.  This should go well.
We miss you She-ra
#clever 
Right Kamala|! TheSTOP CALLING THIS IDIOT BY THE TITLE RESERVED FOR MEN AND WOMEN WHO HAVE EARNED the RESPECT OF THE PEOPLE! He is SATAN!

Hola mi. Senadora  como  esta.  La. Bella.   En. Familia  fin de. Semana.
Cut defense budget so outrageously inflated.  Get us out of Af/Iraq. Raise minimum wage. tax breaks for citizens.  Enough money at the top!!
Oh Ur so respectful right? U can’t say President Trump, why because he is white Or a Republican? Where is the RESPECT? If U know it, show it
Hola muy love  bella  mi senadora.  Ha ..descansado   espero que escribas
Mi. Senadora. Muy. Love. Bella.  Alma de a petamos.  Junto. En. Conversaciom
The Art of the Steal
It was just more of the same BS vomit that spews forth like a fountain from Trump's mouth!!  Pathological LIAR!!
State income tax will no longer be deducted from your federal income tax. This to push states to (regressive) sales tax.
I would save thousands! It is all proportional. @TheDemocrats just either do not care or are to stupid to understand. @realDonaldTrump #MAGA
No tax reform until Trump releases taxes!! Period. @USATODAY @NancyPelosi @SenSchumer @SpeakerRyan
No bill until we see Trump's tax returns!
The idea is to help US business by lowering taxes to match the rest of the world.
OF COURSE Trump businesses will benefit
ALL biz benefits
Liar. America doesn’t fall for your insults to our intelligence. Pinko socialist communist.
Yes, but he said he's not going to benefit from the tax cut plan. So maybe he'll donate his windfall to the U.S. treasury?
Mathematically challenged #KamalaHarris
Is anyone surprised I'm sure that this was his top purpose for being in office. To enrich himself and his family , screw the rest of us.
This tax plan is supposed to make things so bad that a national sales tax looks good.
Higher taxes for the middle & lower class, along with less take home pay. While 45 & his rich and wealthy laugh all the way to the bank!!!
I believe that ultimately the goal is to illuminate the metal all the power and money at the top and pawns at the bottom.

And there it is the reason why they want to get rid of Medicaid. To pay for their tax savings.
Of course he will and his children will do even better!
I hope so. He deserves the money. You mad because he's wealthy ?
At whose expense ?
I heard on estate tax alone is 4 billion when his kids inherit
TFW your attempt to smear Trump highlights the astronomical amount of taxes the 1% pay while you scream fair share, fair share.
Why else would he even care to do amything unless it benefits him his nasty kids or his millionaire/billionaire donors
this is Tax Deform not reform.
Don't call this thing T's tax plan. It's the GOPs. But, it doesn't fulfill the right wing's intentions, a national sales tax.
TRump would PERSONALLY save according to current tax plan.
Where are all those jobs he promised?
Despicable person worst pres ever.
I Say It Once Ill Say It Again...Trump,Putin And The Korean President Are All Racist,Scam Artist Politicians Sacrificing Lives For Power.
Yea...But U Have To Ask

 "How Many Would Lose Health Being That He's In That Line Of Power Just Thinking Of Himself N Money? "
New tax plan will COST Trump tax dollars with elimination of state deduction. Say what you really mean..California big loser with plan
Presidential instead of crying if you want to become rich like I am a bankruptcy let everyone else pay your debt
But he said...no one should believe any word that comes out of his mouth!
Okay, but would his plan also help the poor and middle class Americans?
Please continue tell the truth! I appreciate it.
Tax plan is all smoke and mirrors
Kamalita. Como. Estas.  Mi. Senadora. Muy. Love.  Bella.  Viste.   La.  Foto.
Has there every been a more self-serving human being in the history of US politics?
Well, surely he will invest all of it in West Virginian mining industries.
حالت چطور است جزو کدام حزب قدیم بودید
Figures.
You have such a myopic view of economics. Drop the pathetic party line & try to come up with ideas that work. So far Kamala you have not come close. Pelosi is not your friend.
If he ever paid taxes at all
This doesn't help me he says how do people buy his bull?
Coincidence only...
Interesting,you would use a private citizens personsal info,isn't there a law prohibiting this? Why don't you show all your tax returns?
How much will Hillary and Obama save?
#butofcoursehewill
And we are told the middle class is one who benefits 

Jealous

We're assuming he pays taxes?
That is a huge assumption, yes.
If he saves a $Billoion , I would save a $Million!! Vote YES! To tax reform! Thanks for information!!
Trump could *personally* save
Kamala when are the Democrats in the Senate going to act on behalf of the American people and call for the impeachment of Donald Trump?!
@roseana21625558
With all those savings, he should be footing a big part of Puerto Rico's infrastructure & relief efforts. 
@yes, :  m  :
Well of course! He is making $ as prez. The hypocrisy of Trump & GOP makes my blood boil. Mueller is are only hope!
Everyone needs to read and understand what it means for their tax bracket. For most of us our taxes will increase
And it also helps me middle class. You are actually no telling lies as usual.
And give it to 1% of Americans. Same shit, different Republican POTUS.
Release exact plan and disappearing deductions the middle class will have to endure will have to endure w/ BS "plan".  Devastating.
Hey #MAGA people, your  president  is  lying  to  you. Has been from the beginning.
We must expose the greed. 74% of households make less than $100,000.  https://stopgreednow.com/greed-economics-ceo-pay-versus-typical-worker/ …
Trump would need to be rich first.
What could someone that makes $20k a year save?
That's if he paid taxes at all, which he himself said he doesn't.
That would be his first billion then.
How is his response to Puerto Rico not an impeachable cause!? He’s the reason thousands of Americans may die. Do something already!
First he would need to actually have a billion dollars. #FakeBillionaire
@atandtee @atgunasekera @JustSlindy @taramcdramatic What does this even mean?
From day one, trump has looked out for himself above all others!Why would this surprise us?
Bcuz im smart - trump
And yet again he stood in front of the American people and lied, whenever Trump says " believe me" you know it's a lie
Trump is a malignant narcissist so taking care of HIS selfish needs will ALWAYS be his #1 priority!
He must be sure to win in all things. Even if he must change the rules.
What are your assumptions?
And if the estate tax is eliminated his kids will make out like bandits as well.  The question is at whose expense?
He can pay for his admins use of private jets and 4 his own secret service with all that savings.
R U considering this deathtrap tax cut which will benefit 45/pence & their millionaires and billionaires associates?
The top 20% of earners pay nearly 100% of the taxes so any tax cut will inevitably benefit them. The bottom 20% pay nearly nothing in taxes
#Trump doesn't do anything unless he benefits greatly. Keep up the good fight, @SenKamalaHarris! #CourageNotCourtesy
We must Evacuate Puerto Rico
He is only in office to benefit his self and his family
Trump is a crook.

#Resist
is anyone surprised by this 
This is more about the federal $ CA receives. Yes it would be cut.
GOP thinks the treasury is their personal candy store. Unrealistic dreamers. Money worshipping pigs must PAY for their wars.
Stop this UnAmerican #kleptocracy. #Resist
How much will you save senator?
“Trump Could Save More Than $1 Billion"
is like
“Kamala Harris Could Have Brain"
both
#FakeNews
5:44pm @CNN, @SenKamalaHarris, (Family) TRUTH
But of course
There was no question that this tax cut tailored for the rich. In his words he like to get away with paying as little tax as ever.
@shondi99 No tax cuts for millionaires.
Stop giving to illegal aliens and we could all have more money
Lies
Death tax. Assuming his estate planners don't have it all in trusts, etc. President Trump doesn't benefit from this.
#kamala2020
and I can save money too...y'all take thousands a year so some illegal can get an americam education yet im suppose to care???
estate tax is wrong. It affects more people than you think. It's sad watching a small business go under because of this.
Kamala please fight this!  Just like health care.
The health care fight is a train wreck on both sides of the aisle, not just one in particular.
IT'S ALMOST SOUNDING LIKE, A DESIGN TO GET HIM OUT OF DEBT, OR TO INCREASE HIS MONEY TO BECOME A BILLIONAIRE, OR PAY RUSSIA BACK. IT STINKS.
Are we sure he even has a billion to save?
Didn't he say he wouldn't be helped by the "tax cut"..."believe me"? Liar, liar...
If Trump is wealthy, the tax changes will save him millions. So he's either lying about it saving money or lying about being wealthy.
Both!
I guess instead of a zombie apocalypse it's going to be the liberal democrat apocalypse......
His Tax plan is a verse from Leona Helmsley "Only The Little People Pay Taxes" Wake Up America!!!!!
So? Still a good deal for us peons.
NEWT: Chuck Schumer trying to break down debt is like an alcoholic explaining the next beer could be a problem!

Newt LOVES Trump #TaxReform 
This is clearly his motivation. No longer the United States of America. He's making this Trumpworld.
Isn't this why we usually get to see candidates' tax returns?
Therefore, once in a life time chance !
IF he's worth as much as he alleges. Which he's really not. #TaxReturns !
#TaxReturns
Great then we can build another building and hire more people
How can  give tax cuts 2 Trump w/o seeing tax returns? Yet plan gives SOME middle class  $1k/yr tax break? That's $19.24/wk. Really????
Not surprising there ! He's in this position to benefit himself and his family and any special interests that supports him!
That's why he ran right? Why don't we let him do it so he can leave
That’s why the GOP won’t impeach him. They trying to get paid

@gmo1stmimi  @SenKamalaHarris, the MAYOR WITH WHITE GLASSES,  is crying because AMERICA and all the brilliant minds are ignoring her pleas!!
Once again I'll quote Capt Renault in Casablanca - "I'm shocked, shocked to find that gambling's going on in here." Make it stop, Senator.
The swamp, yeah it's draining. All over the hungry, tired and thirsty American citizens in Puerto Rico.
No doubt about that. He wouldn't be pushing for this tax plan if he wasn't going to benefit from it. That's the whole idea of doing it
Tax Plan by DOTARD that favors the rich. What a great democracy this is. The flag should be pissed on. It doesn't represent democracy!
You're getting slow on your pandering and Trump-bashing.  @SenFeinstein tweeted this 2 hrs ago, and it's still ridiculous.
Duh
And it would cost us more than a TRILLION DOLLARS.  Let that sink in.
Over how long of a time?
No surprise here!!
I'm going to refrain from swearing...
Who thinks he wouldn't make money?That's the reason he wanted to be president in the first place! Sure was #NotToMAGA But #ToMakeMoney !
Obama made substantial money from being President. He just bought a 8 million dollar home in DC. Is that ok?
Look who’s talking ... takes money from big corporations.
So? He pays more, he deserves to save more. Makes sense. Are you sacrificing your pay for more taxes? Or will you not stand to gain as well?
I'd bet reining in personal, family and his administrations extravagant travel expenses would cover that. Congress needs to step it up.
And there it is!
All you need to do is ask "Who benefits the most from the new healthcare and budget plans?" If the answer is not everyone, start over.
Who cares about what Trump can save..we know what we can do...#ImpeachTrump
Why think about any of his plans... I say..give it a rest...in a SEALLY MATTERES..TRUMP..COUNT THE SHEEP. Put it to bed!
I thought he wasn't as rich as he said he was... Guess he is. Which side of your mouth with you talk out of tomorrow?
@realDonaldTrump Oh my, the plot thickens.  And you wonder why people don't like you.  All lies!
He doesn't pay taxes.
But it's going to trickle, trickle, trickle down, right?? Golden showers for all of us down here!
MAGA suckers have outdone themselves.
Just Now @SenKamalaHarris 4:54pm , TRUTH(Family)
6:00pm.@PBS , THE NEWS HOUR, @SenKamlaHarris
@MLB Game @Athletics Oakland vs @Rangers Texas , @SenKamalaHarris
8:31pm CT.  @MLB Game @Athletics Oakland  0 vs  @Rangers Texas 4 ,  5th INNING ,@SenKamalaHarris
10:25pm.@MovieMaxDigital (PPV) Movie: INCARNATE,  @SenKamalaHarris in mins. (Family) TRUTH
12:00am @HBO ch. Movie: The STRANGERS, @SenKamalaHarris,  in mins after  Movie: BALLERS end. (Family) TRUTH
12:20am @ShoBeyond (PPV) Movie:  PRIMEVAL, @SenKamalaHarris, change channel TRUTH
1:30am @SyFy ch. Movie: SERENITY,  @SenKamalaHarris
But the tax cuts won’t help @realDonaldTrump.   Uh huh.
Stop this, Senator!  It is unconscionable.  It  must not stand!

What are the 3 biggest reasons for Trump's new tax plan?

1) Money for Trump.
2) Money for Trump.
3) Money for Trump.
Dotard
We all realize that the tax plan benefits the wealthy pretty much everybody in Washington including trump and his administration
Question is .. how do we stop it?
Calling reps. sounds nice! But they will not take Ur call nor call U back! #VoteThemOut
And me and the next 5,000 people to like your tweet will actually have to pay for it
There cannot be tax reform until Trump releases his tax returns.

The man is a goddamn fraud.
