Republican Pete Sessions just literally said "Nobody is going to lose their coverage, you'll be able to keep your same doctor," "same plan." 
.@SenKamalaHarris I urge you to counter with a universal healthcare bill. Nothing else is effective.
We're not giving Government sole say over healthcare services offered & costs assessed. That's insanity.
Guaranteed basic care for all. There's always the option to purchase more, just like the rest of the world
We get that w/ Gov assistance 2 achieve affordable insurance, & are protected from Gov having full control.
When providers don't take plans because the insurance co. won't pay adequately, coverage is worthless
A public option would be a big step in fixing. Competition is always best for consumers.
Very true. Point is - they can't start from the middle ground. You want a public option? Start higher.
CO put single payer on ballot in Nov. It was rejected w/ by an avalanche. 80% against. They read the math.
wow the straight up lying is shocking. Family values party?? What.a.joke
It was alsö completely false when Obama said it.
Where was your outrage when Obama stated this?
he is full of crap
GOP = Tribal Psychosis.  Their end will be brutal.
@BJWahlstrom 
Absolute Gospel. 24 million will do just that....lose their coverage next year w/out BIG CHANGES to DJT care!
@aj_mirabelle oh, we can keep the same Dr I'll just cost 1000% more out of pocket
Probably 10000% more by the time they get finished tonight. It's getting gutted further rn @SenKamalaHarris
We know it was when Obama said it.  You didn't have. Problem with it then.
Too bad you all didn't call out @BarackObama when he lied on same thing, and also that it wasn't a tax. That is until at Sepreme Court
They need to stop lying!! Period!
Seems like a redundant statement made by another President in 2009.
If you like your plan, you can keep it. Oh wait, that was someone else...
@riotheatherrr he is absolutely a liar
I do believe his nose is growing again!!
@owillis I have not seen one health care ad from the Dems to combat those lies. You have to fight fire with fire.
definatley FALSE!
isn't this the same thing they pounded Obama for saying? We know it is impossible. They should stop saying it!
He's lying or stupid.  Both bad attributes!
PETE HAS LIED BEFORE .
@MadisonSiriusXM It's all about the rich getting richer!
he just left off the "if you can afford the increased premiums."
you are completely incorrect.
@owillis Déjà vu, hypocrisy, lies??
where did we hear that before. Did you complain about it under Obama
@Vangsness Every one lies in congress
@Vangsness just like when Pres Obama said it over and over?!?!?
show it 2 the people and we will vote on it
What? Republicans lying???
@freeandclear1 Many GOP are liars "paid with dark money"!
@tommyxtopher This sounds very familiar same doctor same plan. Where have I heard that b4? They should leave ACA alone.
@owillis @tommyxtopher they all lie #TheResistance
Too bad you didn't care when Obama said the exact same bullshit. #Hypocrite
@MaryEMcGlynn Those are his ALTERNATIVE FACTS so it's ok!
Absolutely.  Needs to be shouted from the rafters.
@MrDane1982 "Able" like "access". Don't mean 
Didn't... 50 million people lose their coverage or something?
Said differently, Pete Sessions is a liar.
oh my, again they are misleading the American people.
@masg66 wow! Lies fall so easily out of the mouths of republicans. What has happened to that party? Despicable!
You mean like when Obama said you could keep your plan and your doctor on Obamacare? False like that?
Sounds like Democrats 8 years ago. Politicians lie. It's what they are best at right Kamala?
Gruber me once shame on you. Gruber me twice shame on me.
Isn't that what Obama said about ACA?...Wasn't that "completely false" too?  Why didn't you mention that?
Sounds like Pete Sessions is taking a page directly out of the trump playbook.
What was false was when the Dem's lied to the American people about B.O. care,you can keep your M.D.prices will drop ect.?
they lie so much it's sickening
It's every bit the inexcusable lie "if u like your plan/keep your plan" was. I'm betting u were OK with that lie though.
You mean when Obama said it it was false.
Curious, did you say the same thing when Obama lied to us???
False no longer means what it formerly did. Worse, there's absolutely nothing we can do to change it back.
Libs and RINO's R cut from same cloth. #RyanCare is worse than #OCare cuz we promised we wud Repeal/Replace. this isnt it!
I guess President Obama said this too.
FAKE
I agree!  This is an outright lie!
He wasn't the first person who said that, Kammy.
ok...then it's still the same unlikely
I guess the non wealthy aren't part of his idea of "everybody"
Sure you can, all you need to do is win the lottery.
LIARS LIE and CROOKS CHEAT ~ 
GOP considers that another day at the office.
Midterm elections might just matter for justice
@deejay90192 Liar!!!
brazen lies...
@Shareblue He's a shameless, tho typical, Repub tool. Been voting against him forever
Mrs. Harris, please continue to resist, resist, obstruct, resist! Thank you from California!
@researchib its amazing some of the garbage they get away with telling the American people. Keep up the good work Senator!
Yes Senator Harris, it is ANOTHER HUGE LIE that GOP is spewing to Amer ppl & prob is, some ppl believe the LIES!!
Alternative Trumpcare facts...brought to you by #Republicans
fight back!!!!! For healthcare
Keep Gorsuch in the crosshairs. This Corporatist shill will make our country an even more unfair place.

It sure sounds like a Lie.  @deejay90192 @tommyxtopher
@TravisBarber10 omg. I'm so sick of @GOP and all the hypocrites that run w that party. I#
cant keep you doc if no insurance..oh but YOU CAN @PeteSessions
Yeah.  You'll have access, if you can afford it.
Liar
<---false lawyer and false human... she is really from mars     lol
Whether someone can keep their same insurance plan depends on the plans offered by the INSURANCE COMPANY...not the govt.
You'll be able to keep your Doctor but you won't be able to visit him or her because you won't have enough money.
Why the rush to vote?  Are GOP afraid to wait for CBO review on changes? Because it's worse for Americans?@HouseGOP
yep they are damn liars @SpeakerRyan
The lack of integrity from the majority of the @GOP is staggering. I feel badly for their constituents.
- did Cuomo actually call him out? No one has run this down to a 3rd grade level for Trump supporters to understand.
total crap but the trumpvoters believe it forever, like hypnotized zealots
@IndivisibleCA04  McClintock's office on AHCA- asked for a NO vote. Will vote for one that LIVES in CA-04 if he voted yes!
So if I like my plan, I can keep my plan? That has a familiar ring to it. Who promised me that?
@SybilT2 Senator Harris you misunderstood. "Nobody" in GOP speak means rich white men
Only if your healthcare is the emergency room at the nearest hospital.
@MadisonSiriusXM sounds like Obama on the original ACA
Bet you applauded when Obama said the same frickin thing.
So, does that make it a double negative; because nothing you say is true.
the look on Cuomo's face says it all...
lies from desperate ppl
look at the hosts face when this guy blatantly lies....
where where these cries of lies 7 years ago?
Tommy Christopher has been fired from every gig he's had...some source.
they lie
Hey @PeteSessions U misread the AHCA again...This is an outright lie. Most of the country no longer trusts GOP lies @  AHCA
What is it with the name Sessions and lying?
@TyroneGayle The @GOP is famous for their lies and deception.
@MadisonSiriusXM lie after lie after lie they just don't quite
wait....what??   You mean @GOP LIED?!?!   I for one am gobsmacked! 
@TyroneGayle  Even the GOP doesn't agree with him.
I think Congress need to be tested for drugs , you have to be doing so.e major stuff to believe this B.S.!!! #Resistance
The dems r impotent and the media is lame, ignorant and scared 2 ask tough questions GOP say anything they want like DT he taught them well
nobody cares anymore. We voted him in based off these promises. Don't people get that.
so you're saying he stole a lie from Obama and the Democrats '08 healthcare pitch
These people like @PeteSessions pushing this bill are mean spirited liars. Just mini trumps.
Truth
except of course for the words that he said.
@owillis sessions is such a jerk
What he means is GOP is going to make a cheap bare bones policy available to everyone and it will cover nothing #TheGOPPlan
"As long as you are rich enough to afford it.", he forgot to say.
@owillis extreme lies
As per usual with the pathological liar!! Great tweet!!!
@PeteSessions sessions- you are a LIAR!  Your nose is now 3 inches longer.  #Trumpcare #Trumprussia
@owillis He's lying and knows it
desperation is forcing them to make claims they know to be false, who do they think they are fooling, other Republicans?
but you swallowed that BS when the Ds said the same crap in '08. @SenKamalaHarris
@owillis didn't they throw fits over Obama saying this? Amazing.
@owillis
call out these liars
That's fine, let them say it out loud.  I have friends that still latch on to Obama saying it years ago!
