Breaking: 2016 confirmed as planet's hottest year http://politi.co/2wybgsY  @POLITICO
Talk to a farmer whose family has been doing this for generations and you might feel differently.
Understanding your community and their struggles - esp when it comes to who grows our food - is important.
And govt is the only thing that can fix it.
Unfortunately, for a negative externality (tragedy of the commons) problem the market won't fix it alone (econ 101). Regulation required.
Regulation is already in place. I don't think more regulation or more govt intervention is the answer.
No, regulation of greenhouse pollution is not in place. That was Paris & the Clean Power Plan, currently being scrapped – that's the debate.
A plan does not mean it was a good plan. Both were overly restrictive and expensive to implement, with dubious benefits. IMO
Probably, you find the benefits dubious because you are to some degree denying what is happening physically.
I have seen more concern over climate change in the last 8 months than I have seen for the previous 8 years!  I wonder why that is.
New POTUS being a science denier abandoning international agreements one thing. Coral reefs going down another.
I guess the coral reefs wouldn't be dying if Trump had just joined the Paris Accord.  Can't argue with that science.
Can't really dissuade you from being purposefully dense here. Walking from responsibility or regulation of pollution ensures more and worse.
Point being, is that climate change gets much more coverage when the MSM doesn't like the president.It's dishonest. Makes me doubt all of it
Well I offered two fair reasons. The admin very publicly made it an issue by being the only major nation to formally reject responsibility.
Better get the CIA on it right away, since you seem to think they are linked somehow. Obama thought NASA was too make Muslims feel better
#ClimateChange #ClimateAction #ClimateScience
Yes, it is. It has been changing since the Earth formed. It will do so until it is destroyed.
umm yeah.. the climate DOES change! #ResistIdiots
It's a redistribution of wealth in and it's bullshit science just like everyone in the Democratic Party
Definitely EYES WIDE OPEN!!!
Then do it. Talk is cheap.
Because science. Yes.
should scare the shit out of U-As long as you can talk shit-get money-U do not care about environment R VOSTOC ice cores-politician SUCK-UUU
Increase in TEMP is normal-look at last 400K years of VOSTOC ice core samples-all Paris accord is is tax poor give to wealthy-coming ice age
@cmarinucci @politico Climate change is a reality..
Too bad your donors don't care about it 
Kamala for president 2020
Many scientists disagree with your assumption
Climate change is a naturally occurring event which dates back prior to the existence of mankind.

TY for recognizing this. One of the many reasons I hope to see you run in 2020.
people that don't believe in science should not be making any decisions about anything
Climate change is a joke. the planet will be fine!
Yeah, but as Carlin says, the people affected by climate change maybe less so. You truly happy w/ the coral wipeout?
@cmarinucci @politico Why are you telling us? We know already. We can't make congress do their job. @GOP will doom us all.
Ban all cars, ban all whites, ban all dogs, ban gasoline, ban coal, ban large sodas, ban brown paper bags,  #dowhatleftistdo
8:00pm CT. @ESPN The Little League World Series, California  vs Hawaii
So kamala u r a senator,how did u get there.do u drive n electric car,do u live in a nongated community,is ur house over 1500sf
Yeah, it's called Weather. Changes everyday. Something I learned in 5th grade.
Earth's energy budget ≠ weather, something taught in later grades.
How about an open mind. The conclusions were inconclusive thar humans are cause. Do you read articles or does some staffers do it for you.
Hottest year since 1883, when we invented the thermometer,  not even close to all time high.
That's second... first we are ridding the world of nukes by have tons of powerful nukes scattered across the USA.
100% clean energy by 2045 for millions of good jobs, health & national security
Not with you Kamala
Of course the climate is changing, it has been changing for 4 Billion years. Open YOUR eyes, you ain't gonna stop climate change now or ever
Science denial, repetition of zombie myths, etc. Current aggressive warming & impact is due to human GHG emissions.
@deedeesSay @cmarinucci @politico If the USA nukes NK we won't hv 2 wait 4 climate chg 2 mk this planet uninhabitable.
This person has no clue what climate change is all about. He called a friend that owns a coal mine and asked for advice. You know the rest!
....but first, tax cuts for people who don't need them!!
Trump is creating something that will need to be cleaned up later. Why can't we stop this?
@puppymnkey @cmarinucci @politico well, a nuclear winter would cool it down.  Do something.
I am frightened by so many things since Trump took office. Thanks for looking out for us.
Tell - Better - Explain that to @EPAScottPruitt & other Science Deniers
Congress needs to recreate a department for scientific data again....nothing there now, thanks to evangelical GOP & Trump confirmed nominees
We need to protect the Rain Forests of the world as there producing 75% of the world's Oxygen . Also need to protect the Oceans.
We won't have a planet to protect if Trump is not removed immediately!!!!!!
Did the New York Times already retract this article?  The data it was shown to be unreliable or wrong.
Oh yeah... #Fakenews
I heard about a congressional seat held by a woman in Ma is opening up...
In Mars ??? Yes! 
Kamala do you sit in WE the people's office & take appointments with lobbyist all day & they give you these ideas & then you test if we bite
It news been out since Jan so far Aug has to be coldest on record we're freakin freezing in the mornings all BS
Warmth in arctic causes cooler weather in parts North America & UK. See study in Nature Climate Change- Arctic polar vortex.
All this has happened before its cyclical All BS to make Millions for Liberal looons TkfulPres Trump getting rid of nonsensical regulations
No, Elizabeth, you're mistaken. The science of greenhouse warming is 200 yrs old. Our CO2/methane pollution causing:
Senator Harris, do you oppose #fracking in USA & #foreigncountries? Will you stand w #Indigenous resisting new #mining #drilling of #MNCs?
US fascist structures as well, eyes wide open
Hoping FL sun bakes 45 combined w/ washing maralago n2 th Gulf of Mexico yippee
With all due respect senator Harris , right now we have bigger issues than climate change or there will be no planet.
Can Dems please please please put climate on top of platform. 2016 was barely an afterthought. @DNC @keithellison It's health & economy too!
Keep sticking to the same old script.
We need to tax Koch heads and their ilk at 95% and repeal Citizens United. Deny science? Receive a 95% tax bill.
Nice one.....
I live in British Columbia   Our province is so dry and wildfires everywhere   If anyone needs to see climate change first hand come up here
And what are you doing about it besides tweets?
Not interested.
Anytime it's slightly cooler than normal out,  the Trumpsters will  tell you climate change is a hoax.  They still don't get it.
Senator if Trump nukes North Korea our planet is toast. Pls stop the madness.  He has us scared n he's crazy
But the Chump Administration wants to be sheep & ignore it. New phrase: Climate Apocalypse.
Have you missed any of the Dem talking points in your pandering today Kami?
Keep spouting the rhetoric tothe sheep  girl.
For compromise to happen you first must be willing to make  concessions. Show me where either side is willing to do this on real issues?
Not an answer the subject is compromise is it not? 
Sadly typical of someone without an argument scream Muh Racist
Kami is not a girl?
No and I quote "this is ur "no room for compromise".  do u" 
For compromise dear you must be willing to make concessions.
In the wise words of Neil...
Odd. No one is in denial of America’s Aug 21 total solar eclipse. Like Climate Change, methods & tools of science predict it.
Also, probably not true. I bet at least 10 000 ppl in the US denied it happening, or said it was because of Gay Marriage being legal.
Did he blame it on Obama yet?
Your tweet (notification) just now Sen.Kamala Harris, TRUTHFULLY, that I'm leaving the Social Security Admin. At this TIME!
http://www.noaa.gov/news/us-had-2nd-warmest-year-to-date-and-10th-warmest-july-on-record …
Starts with getting the @GOP Koch Addicts out of Congress.  Bribed to deny a scientific consensus at the expense of Earth 
Koch brothers need to go! Lock them up, all I can say.



