The "new" Republican health care bill is still a disaster.
don't vote for it i.e. healthcae bill.
@dnc One frustrating fact about Democrats is they failed to name things thus allowing Republicans to control the narrative.
Text RESIST to 50409 and it will easily fax letters to your Senators in 5 minutes! It's great! Do this please! Help one another!
We should meet and talk 2020? Let me run ur campaign
I can hardly wait for you, Sen Warren, and Sen Sanders duke it out as to how far left you want to carry the Democratic Party.
A death trap
It is so imperative we contact our Senators and tell them to vote NO on this billl
What is the one thing that they refuse to budge on? It's suspicious. Trump is too anxious to get it passed quickly! Keep eyes open!

The GOP-Trump AHCA, illustrated:
Meant Congresswomen
Call it what it is... DeathCare
So is Obamacareless & the socialist propaganda mac hine that lyingly calls themselves Democrats. Donkey's are now just jackasses.
Dems own the failing ObamaCare. GOP should just let it die.
It is not a healthcare bill! It's a tax cut that steals money from healthcare.
@RonnyRotten5150
No proof, no why or wherefore....I think what you really don't like is the word "Republican." The new health care bill is fine.
Maybe you could spare a minute to work WITH the #Republicans to make something good for all of #America instead of playing #politics.
I don't see you giving up your kushy taxpayer funded health insurance for the wonders of Obamacare, so don't tell me how good it's been.
@HarleyRouda Go raise more taxes, Sweetie. Ruin more lives in CA.
Having govt involved in Health care is a disaster. 
http://www.salon.com/1998/12/24/cov_23news/ …
And that's sugar coating it!!!
You're as conceited as @POTUS44 tweeting comments about prior tweets.  Don't D's have anything to offer? Can't see forest for the 
Fight it, don't let them screw poor & elderly Americans
Truly, if you look at it, 90% of the Republicans are a moral disaster who support such a draconian policy.
And @DNC still do nothing vote your #criminalparty home or prison or institution they are all nut cases

Whistleblower Tarref Simon needs help in bringing attention to the VA. https://twitter.com/refee00/status/880540730174967810 …
This bill is awful! I'd still lose my insurance! I'm 61 & I need my health insurance. Please fight it!
Here's how the revised version of the Senate health care bill would affect you - No way! I'll lose my insurance. https://apple.news/AQg7GgprESEKnHs7tYs6J4w …
Tell the truth - this is intended to kill off as many poor people, white /AND/ brown-black as possible as quickly as possible.
Don't pass it
still better than Obamacare l, i'll bet
I'm There TRUTH;  SUGARCOATING,  I'll  ever remember your (diction) choice of words. I KNOW
The old "Obamacare" is not just a disaster, it's a Hindenberg. And that's sugar coating it.
Ahhhh you added "sugar coating" to your tweet -- that's much better. Keep up the intelligent arguments! Love them!
thank you thank you- your vigilance and honesty is refreshing. Please keep fighting for all of us!
For those living in NJ call these #s NOW! Tell ur story let ur voice be heard.
It is also DEATH of the Republicans party. We HAVE Real American VETS running now for congress thank you TIME TO Stop #teaparty
This is a public health disaster in the making. No health insurance, no vaccinations. A needless pandemic may happen. People will DIE.
Call your senators!! 202 225 3121
Where is Palin when we need that "lipstick on a pig" quote? It's her one useful purpose on this planet.
If they just did right by every single American, as Colorado did for every resident, Mr Wrong wouldn't stand a chance! USA where are you?
Why arent they showcasing their bill to their constituents?  Oh yeah, because they dont serve them and fear them. #cowards #baitandswitch
God I wish someone could interrupt your tweets.
Surgar won't hide the putrid smell
And the men in charge are the DISASTER! #resist #KarenRebels
#GOP

@realdonaldtrump's #TrumpCare
will #genocide #white who need #healthcare the most.

#expensive
#worthless
The "new" Republican health care bill is still a disaster.
Proud of my Senator!
Is sugar intolerance a #preexisitingcondition ?
And why does Obama care need fixing  dems broke now bitch about it
#Trump wanted to obliterate everything bout 'Obama'. Easy said than done. Time to face the truth
Repeal Obamacare and do not replace it
I saw the tweets from some Senators giving a breakdown. It Sucks. U put it nicely.
We need to reject it, the republicans don't have a clue, about medicine. Experts such Dr.Oz Dr.Gupta, and well known physicians, experts.
McConnell's throwing out crap bills so Congress is too busy to deal with the elephant in the Oval Office. Hiding a cancerous administration
So let's make sure this bill gets killed!!!! It cannot happen! (Says the woman with many pre existing conditions)
Absolutely.  Like the prev bill, it would end the req that most Americans have health cov, & would make deep cuts to Medicaid 
It would slow the growth of Medicaid, the program founded by Johnson to cover the poor, not the able bodied.
Want to give examples? A 5th grader can call something a disaster. Takes an intelligent person to say why. I realize it's a stretch for you.
It's a health insurance bill.
We know it's NOT health "care" - it's health business. Profiting off the sick, aged, infirmed, disabled, injured - it's disgraceful.
Can't put lipstick  on a pig  
I read that as "Russian health care bill." 
We need @Rendon63rd, @kdeleon, @CASenateDems, to release SB562for amendment, reintroduction, & vote. The AHCA will cost CA lives. #FightBACK
So calling on the corporate democratic establishment to get on board for single payer. We must have a Plan B because the AHCA will pass.
And that is SB562 - single Payer in California. I know that my elected officials are wise enough to see the impact of CA adopts single payer
Congresswomen!! PLEASE PUT A STOP TO THIS CHAOS! FIX ACA @SenFeinstein @SenatorCollins @RepAnnaEshoo @amyklobuchar @lisamurkowski
It's  f word up.
People will die if this bill passes both chambers. California has no plan to mitigate the AHCA. We had SB562, but corporate democrats failed
Hey, Rs healthcare is supposed to include CARE!
Agreed this new bill will not only destroy the market but also lead to insurers cutting coverage and leaving more consumer cost.
The traitors cannot do anything right...i missed my beloved president obama...he had grace and elegance, which you have, Kamala...
My co-workers my employer and I have all suffered increasingly under Obamacare.  Why can't we discuss fixing this instead of just resisting?
Why are elected reps intent on doing such harm to those they should be honored to represent? Don't they get the strength of opposition?
Kamala, maybe some of us enjoy licking sugar off of turds.
#KillTheBill before it kills us

