the "ProLife" party-  They don't care if you aren't American & they sure as shit don't care AFTER the child is born.
We're not the ones insisting on unwanteds being born!  

Then they can work to make their own country better instead of our tax money. Help the vets from here first. PERIOD.
So sad because POTUS' ancestors were immigrants who stole land from Natives.  Now they don't want to share even with compliant people.
Wrong they came illegally until SCOTUS determined the taking of Native American's property to be legal. Re: Johnson v. M'Intosh (1823) #EASY
Now go educate yourself.
Both parties share blame. Obama was #DeporterInChief. Tweeting the prob is not enough. You're my Senator. Do smthing or tell us how to help
Anything he can do to shred Obama's legacy, he will. He is a terrified little child. #PutTrumpToBedWithoutSupper #ImpeachTrump
Exactly what he was elected to do. Stop the train wreck destruction Obama created
You're really bad at this spelling, grammar, and punctuation thing, aren't you, sweet pea? Poor #Snowflake  #PoorButtHurtWhiteBoy
Being the one to come to my feed and complain, I'm thinking the snowflake title is one you should be claiming all on your own, bunny-boo-boo
You're a sad piece of work.
LIFE & DEATH situations right here in California. Anything they've "fled from" is in the USA! There's other countries, let them pay the bill
Stealing benefits from hard working taxpayers #Socialist  #Eclipse Steve Bannon
This is a STRANGE comment. I'm a hardworking CITIZEN, and don't give a damn about "taxpayers," & the DAMNED WARS are what are killing us!!
What is the difference between legal and illegal alien?
No, this is 100% correct action. Fleeing? No, they are BRINGING the violence. Get a true education on subject
You do realize that allowing these people in decreases any violence brought into our country?
MS 13 proves you wrong. ILLEGALS that kidnapped raped and MURDERED girls  ( Houston )PROVES YOU IGNORANTLY WRONG
When will Trump and his white supremacist pals get that everyone but Native Americans are immigrants!
"Children" ... "life or death situations" ... you mean that you are NOT talking about Planned Parenthood.
Trump is both the devil and devil's son. His actions are pure evil. Is he that insecure of President Obama's legacy? America pity him.
He is doing what the people elected him to do.REMOVE all of OBLAMEYOU destructive and anti AMERICAN policies that have ruined  great nation
Okay Nazi. Clearly you have no clue about the history fo the USA, you are excused. This is me not responding to your reply.
I am not the brain dead coward trying to erase history. I could give you lessons on TRUE history and it will not go with your lies
Everything he does is WRONG...Do something, I know I'll be voting for impeachment ASAP!
Are You Talking About The Yemeni Children
You want to turn America into the environment they left. You're not very sharp.
I'm so FUCKING tired of reading "Trump dismantles Obama era ....(fill in the blank).
Is there all soul at all in this guy?.
His hatred for Obama knows no bounds no matter who it hurts.
Start with getting rid of floride
@realDonaldTrump is simply pathetic: cannot accomplish anything new himself, so he destroys what @BarackObama built. #TheResistance
Dems have lost their American voter base.  They trade your tax$ 4 illegals votes.  This is not compassion, it's mathematical party survival
I'm waiting for the day the headlines simply read "Trump Ends" period.
As a Hispanic the democrates obstruction & inaction provide a legal pathway to citizenship without Obamas program is why this is happening
DACA only allows green card for two years and no legal path to citizenship and every two years they have to reapply. It's a dead end
WELLNESS 8 is almost identical to needed human rights in the USA. FOCUS protective actions, from a finer original point. @CRISPontheHill
Where is the Constitutional basis for this? Maybe their parents should fix their countries instead of coming here.
WRONG! They are not US citizens, we have NO obligation to them but to deport them. YOU SERVE US NOT THEM. Get them ALL out!
They want to undo everything!
Could it be the infiltration of African radical Muslim youth coming in amongst them? 1/2 a tear jerk story always.
This is wrong. Many of these children are fleeing life or death situations in their homes. We must do better. https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/trump-administration-ends-obama-era-protection-program-for-central-american-minors/2017/08/16/8101507e-82b6-11e7-ab27-1a21a8e006ab_story.html?utm_term=.bc8d78465b6e …
How many rooms you got in your house Kamala?
This administration is nothing but hate. It seems the only goal is to make as many people as possible miserable, except that small base. 
Why don’t you do something about it & introduce legislation to decriminalize drugs? Saves us money & would stabilize their governments.
If Trump & Repub's were Christians, they would heed Jesus' warning in Matt 25:34-46, & God's in Isaiah 10:1-3.
He is ending anything that has President Obama's name on it -whether or not it's good or e vendor great.  He does not care
What can the congress do? Is anyone writing a bill to stop it?
Trump is a Childish Fool, that will hurt anyone if he can destroy Obamas good deeds, NOT NORMAL!
Some % of any group from anywhere have difficult situations.  Our politicians supposed to put America's people's situations first.
This is one of many travesties that we are enduring during the Trump reign.
Sigh  
@MariaCeleste @elba_guera @ManuelSillas54 @carmendominicci i totally agree with your statement senator harris. Your san Francisco office is
@ManuelSillas54  Your san Francisco office is working on my behalf,.with the problems that I hate it. With the social security administrat
What is is "better" or "smarter" rhetoric. Never solutions
Yeah, on par with covering up bad drug lab techs and altering confessions, as you were want to do, destroying the lives of other families.
He only wants to destroy what the previous POTUS did not because he really wants to do this
He cares for no one
Immoral
More future voters, eh Kamala?
He'll do anything to try to erase the legacy of "those blacks." He's a disgusting excuse for a human.
It's what a dick would do...
We have immigration laws.  As a senator, you should be supporting all our laws, including immigration laws.  People here illegally should go
Trump does not care about them!
Asta Lavista Baby!
If it is so good, how about passing a bill through both houses? Executive order is not the way to keep sometime alive that costs millions ++
Of course it's wrong. What do you expect from the Nazi in Chief?
Change the Law as you quoted to me before 2 Sac Co. Sheriff's Shot killing one ,
Twice Deported Felon,
Shame on You !
Shame on You !
Shame !
Imagine Trump's policy for children fleeing Northern Europe.
When this IDIOT #45 get impeach, the GOP can and will blame Everything on him.
Has she posted anything about California resident and how the cost of goods could come down. Please help us California residents
SEN. KAMALA  HARRIS
Your tweet (notification) TRUTHFULLY, now watching @PBS The NEWS HOUR,   @SenKamalaHarris also was talking to AT&T  before your tweet.TRUTH
@FOXSPORTS @MLB Thursday Game @Cardinals  St. Louis vs @Pirates Pittsburgh @SenKamalaHarris  Watching Now, 7:00pm CT
RAIN DELAY, @SenKamalaHarris on same channel, TRUTHFULLY
11:18pm.@ShoEXTREME ch. (PPV) Movie: The Thing , @SenKamalaHarris: FINAL : @MLB Game @Cardinals 11 (W).vs @Pirates 7 (L),  Watching Now
12:45am Goodnight PRAYERS
they are doing the same thing in Chicago  what are you doing to help there
This is so sad.
The hate in the man's heart is limitless
Breaks my heart. Trump must be a robot.
I have some glue
Bannon's fingerprints all over this.
@VP is in Latin America claiming that they stand with us, we stand with them, etc. Trump doesn't care, it's all show.
@SenKamalaHarris @KamalaHarris we need to stop this deranged person who is taking our country away. He is making dictators-like decisions.
Just as @VP pence heads home?
Is there something wrong with taking care of our own?
Yeah, cause in America we ALL are our own. That's America. You want to live like a tribe, have your boy buy you an island.
You get another president, a compassionate one, and we WILL do better.
Obeying Immigration law is never wrong-- or any law for that matter
This is RIGHTThey should reunite w/ their families after your BFF BO took them away. Then they can start D legal process 2 B back here n
Our country is descending ever deeper into the depths...Lord help the USA.
Plan?
Everything Trump does is wrong.....
MS-13?????
so what didn't @POTUS44 work with the congress to fix the law when he had the opportunity.  You all didn't do your  job and now they suffer
We should be protecting children who are in danger, not stripping them of safety nets
