U shud allow people to private message you,it can work to ur advantage.
There are tons of way to get her a private message that don't include her being subjected to the indecencies of Twitter inboxes.
Well it mostly for her to have a more direct connection to people, she needs that connection r she will be like HRC.
1) I repeat what I said and 2) you don't know what direct conversations she is or is not having.  Twitter is not the only rodeo.
Well u can always tell when she tweets and when her intern does. Well I am sure they r ways to speak to her directly
Write her a letter. It's really that simple
5 hard copies, 6 emails , 3 voice mails. What were u saying
3 voice mails? Dude! You are burning up the lines!
Via OVERNIGHT mail, folks. Has to be received on or before the 5th.
I don't think Dreamers should be risking providing their info to the current admin and fascist ICE. It could be used against them
They're renewing. The govt already has the info. Renewing buys ppl more time in the US to explore other avenues twd permanent legal status.
But the govt has no obligation to respect their renewal app - if ICE wanted they could deport them w/out Congress acting, no?
Well if someone does not renew then they will definitely be at risk of removal. Renewing does not necessarily increase that risk, IMO ...
You do realize DACA kids are illegals and you are committing treason, right?
False. They are human beings and should be treated as such.
With whose money?
They will take care of themselves. Why do you think you are taking care of them?
They take care of themselves? That is the biggest I ever heard from a person and politicians. If they could, why they sneaked in US.
? Ok... so are they or are they not stealing your jobs? It can't be both.
It's about law and order and sovereignty. Even their are plenty of jobs vacancy. they still shouldn't be in US. DACA are thieves as you put.
If it was really about law and order you would support the dream act. To make their protections law.
Hola. Mi senadora  my lovr  bella  del. Alma.  Kamalita  te gusta.  La musica
Illegal DACA recipients: Please head 2 the nearest Immigration&Customs Enforcement Office 2 pick up your Free Get Out of Jail Card. #EndDACA
very fine white person I guess u are Native American cause if not u also an immigrant I think. Dotard should make immigration  retroactive
No, you see, I am not an Immigrant. My Parents were, who entered this Country Legally. I was Born here Thru Legal Citizenry. DACA is a Sham
This is why I say lets make illegal immigration retroactive which means if u are not a Native American we need to get out of this country
No Matter how you Twist it your Brain remains in a Knot. You travel back 500 years to argue a law today? You think we should we should get
Again since I’m assuming you are not a Native American then let me know when you are leaving. I’ll help you pack your bags and ur guns
Your thinking is as much Polluted as your mind with Liberal sewerage.
Is that the best you got cause you don’t got nothing to stand up in ur argument I think u need to revisit who’s mind is polluted.
Hola my.  Love   bella.  Te. Quiero  . mucho  tw gusta la musica. Y. Bailar
EXPIRED = & undeserved.
Go make proper application, come legally.
Paying Attention? Elected Dems do not give squat about poor Americans! They chose Illegal Alien Parasites Over Americans day after day!
Holding the Dreamers accountable for the actions of their parents is akin to prosecuting the aborted for the sins of their mothers.  Think about it. Use it.
All children pay for the choices made by their parents! No exceptions.
I agree.  My point was the similarities in the conclusions.  Mashigina!
Hola  my. Love. Mi. Senadora  como. Estas.  Del. Alma. Tu. Familia.
Hola. Mi senadora  my lovr  bella  del. Alma.  Kamalita  te gusta.  La musica
Hola my.  Love   bella.  Te. Quiero  . mucho  tw gusta la musica. Y. Bailar
Keep trying pumpkin, with your shady history , do you really think you have a shot at becoming POTUS ? LOLOLOLOLOL
hi ok thanks

Boy...an elected official encouraging illegals to sign up for tax payer funded education. New freaking low. Should be forced to resign
Mine expires 8/2018. It's like knowing the date of your death. All I hear is tik...tik...tik... I can't eat, I can't sleep.
Sometimes I prefer to embrace the end and go out on my own terms. There's no point in continuing as I will lose everything.
Senator, shouldnt you be more concerned with helping law abiding citizens instead of provdng assistance in subverting US law?
How quaint. A US Senator providing guidance to illegals on how to maintain illegal status.
Oh wait if you kill, sell drugs, traffic young girls, kidnap, and sell guns you are more than welcome in California.
yes, give your name and address, do it soon
Or go back to your own county! That works too 
Do not @ me in this. #istandwiththedreamers
what does DACA know about first papers ?
I'm still waiting for my green card renewal which was applied for in March. The system is a mess.
SHE'S A SEM,THEY WANT THE VOTES
SHE COULD CARE LESS ABOUT DACA
NEVER A LAW. DEMS R DIMS!
HARRIS A DEM.
Why in the world would Dreamers risk giving their info to a fascist ICE?  There's no guaranty it won't be used against them later. #DACA
#DACA was only ever a TEMPORARY deferral from deportation. It never changed their legal status. They are still subject to deportation.
Hell, why not. Let's keep shelling out money that could be used for AMERICAN citizens.
Never ...thank God we have a President who protects the citizens of the United States and not foreigners. No US leader should ever want this
How did ur racist bigot president protected u from very fine white people like the guy in Vegas. But go head we need to keep grieving
If anybody needs this
You love spending other people's money
Pimp those votes, @SenKamalaHarris , the Ugandan warrior. #WWE #NoDACA @ICEgov
Today may be the last day to mail, send permits over night. DACA recipients.
I would have expected them to say it must be received by October 2 in that case.

DACA recipients: If your permit expires on or before March 5, submit your renewal application by October 3 so it is received by October 5.
I’ll make sure to tweet this to @ICEgov so they can be on the lookout for any immigrants here illegally. I’m sure they know, though.
Those dates are incorrect. The deadline for DACA recipients to submit their renewal application is Friday, November 3, 2017.
Deport all illegals, including "dreamers".  Best way to prevent families being broken up, and helps protects lower wage US citizens dreams.
Obama's 'best and brightest' can't manage this for themselves?
So you support breaking the laws of this nation? What a shame you sell out real Americans!
what is the healthcare deadline?
I hear the syaye of Rhode Island is paying the cost for their people's fees for this paperwork which i believe is $495
They are too afraid to send in paperwork that will be shared with ICE agents - who will, by all appearances be sent to deport them.
Lets hope so
Good u don't know how to use Twitter...

u took an oath to uphold the laws of the country
Do it

#IllegalAliens occupy legals' college seats
Or sooner

Submit today via Express Mail, or better via Overnight; get a tracking number. Very important --- Don't wait til 10/3.
Also, USPS express mail takes 3 days much more frequently than the one day "guaranteed" delivery.
#DACA #HispanicHeritage spread the word
They have extended the date to feb 2018 so don’t worry fellow daca
Pass wall funding and border security in exchange for permanent DACA status! Stop playing around and work with Trump to get something done!
Wait what? I thought all DACA recipients were being deported immediately and small children ripped from their parent arms? #falsenarrative
My sister is an immigrant lawyer, she's working day and night to help Daca recipients.

I hear they hate when you call and report UFO sightings.  #VillainsResist #TheResistance #Resist
I heard 'coyotes' howling in the hills last night. they should track them down, right?
If that fails, asylum!
Asylum? On what grounds? Will they be persecuted in their home country?
Gracias Mami....But do you think we are fucking idiots?
Puerto Rica mayor San Juan was attacked by Trump while he plays golf
with his billionaire friends. He thinks Puerto Rica is an alien land
BS  she didn't even go to FEMA meetings too busy in front of camera in front of food she didn't distribute
*illegal immigrants, if your permit expires on or before March 5...
Do you ever put any effort into helping poor black kids in the ghettos of California? Or only undocumented adults and their children?
Yes! Because the elute politicians need to use yoy b4 they abandon you like the rest of us.
and buy a fire arm
Some I know are afraid to show up to renew because of ICE fishing in centers, courts, and school yards. Please do something
Ice is doing something
PlsRT
Pass the DREAM act!  Make DACA irrelevant!
2 days is not enough unless it is sent overnight.
Shouldn't they also get cert mail proof of mailing ?
Anyone DACA recipient needing $$ to file- can help 1-2 ppl. Lmk
Still failing us. Still #NeverKamala
Get it done, Kamala.
Because we need your votes! Calling everyone racist isn't working!
Is there anything you’d like to do to assist middle income tax paying legal California citizens? Nah, didn’t think so.  #epicfailure
How about she's against tRumps deplorable tax bill?
How about you crawl back into your hole and mind your own damn business? You’re not worth an explanation or conversation. Too clueless.
Wonder why their parents broke the law to bring them into the country?
They're Illegal Aliens. No DACA, Amnesty, Anchor Babies and never ever Citizenship. Adios
Good for you. DACA doesn't grant them citizenship though and they pay for themselves. Taxes like everyone else plus $1,000 fee every 2yrs.
Yes, @SenKamalaHarris in these mins 4:15pm your acknowledgement being for my previous tweet. ,Family) TRUTH
2/2  @SenKamalaHarris, With giving your address at First Congregational Church, Atlanta,GA ,that I did watch video mins.A Blessed Sunday☻
2 days to arrive is really pushing it unless ur sending it overnight registered....
They didn't care. You will extend the deadline anyway.
