Oh God! The worst of the worst. Every pick chosen to destroy the department they're sent to. "Pod People" administration.
It's deliberate!
The current dismantling of US govt is not a bumbling mistake; it is the goal of Christian fundamentalist terrorists and has been for 30+ yrs https://twitter.com/orinkerr/status/891792471998570496 …
Who the hell is this guy? Jabba the Hick?
Captain Kangaroo was tired of retirement.

Please stop trump!
Yeah we needed to nominate someone who was an actual president. Can't expect this to make good decisions!
And we are stuck with him and his ridiculousness for now.Ugh
Trump is doing what he did in his private life, surrounding himself with "yes" people who had his stunted way of thinking.
That way when they have a meeting they all echo what he says or thinks so he always think he on the right track.
What she said.
Maybe 45 can find a spot for this guy
I pray not! 45 already has a surplus of clowns.
Eric holder was a racists person lets #MLK judge people by there actions and not their skin color

@KamalaHarris Thank you!  This appointment is terrible for truth and progress. Keep fighting. P.S. I voted for you.
No way smart ppl intimidate trump & his “very good brain” smh
#StopMakingSense
He said he would bring in the "best people", what a dangerous joke he is.
How about answering her question instead of trotting out an old , irrelevant non sequitur. Science is suffering under Orange Hitler
How can the #illegitimatepresident keep getting away with these things. When are the #gopfail  going to start #impeachment #25thAmendmentNow
This is an affront to scientists the world over. Can someone please tell it to look up the definition of 'scientist'?
#Clovis is denying he's in denial that he's a science denier
Trump intentionally set out to destroy the government out of spite and vindictiveness.He is a racist and he wants to obliterate Obama Legacy
Or someone with an actual Neck.
Agreed, Kamala!
Clearly, he doesn't understand the science of nutrition.
How about nominating Goober or Gomer Pile they know words too Trump.
Loyalty trumps qualifications & experience - look at most of Trump's administration! This unqualified, crazy, but loyal, idiot fits right in
This guy probably disagrees with nutritionists
Yes Senator Harris, we need an actual scientist who is educated, qualified and capable. This guy looks like a typical Trump supporter.
He was a surrogate for Trump on CNN. Makes me sick that my tax dollars are paying these unqualified stooges.
Hell, the left think Al Gore and Bill Nye are climate expert so what the hell. Kamala thinks the CIA has something to do with climate change
What a pig!
What actual scientist would work for this administration?
Or what person with a working brain would want to be a part of the clown show? 
More like a  show.
Remember, trump is the man who gave the EPA to a person who had active lawsuits against the EPA.
Dang, Mitch McConnell & this guy gonna fight for the throne of  face king
Clovis is full of it. Another Racist in the circle.
He is obviously the WH nutritionist and strength and conditioning coach...still no scientist though. Want some fries with that donny2scoops?
CIA finally released the experimental  pig-man into trump administration
@jxmoore_89 is a new PhD in Epidemiology, and sounds more qualified!
I wouldn't have made it this far without your support!! 
Did he eat the competition?
Even @BillNye is more qualified.
Another out of touch, greedy old obese white guy. Blech.
Or someone who doesn't look like he lives on a farm. In a stall.
I very much doubt @realDonaldTrump knows any real scientists. Not even a fake one for that matter.
This is insane and totally illogical!  He has lost his mind!  Who will finally stop him?
He only picks his friends, no experience needed...
I'm completely unqualified for just about every position, so I'm completely baffled that I haven't been given one by the Trump Admin.
Someone who just might know his A$$ from a hole in the ground! #resist #TheResistance
Don't confirm this yahoo.
What's with this guy Trump? Is he incapable of choosing people who are knowledgeable in the fields he is nominating them for? DOES HE CARE??
...and he looks like he eats children. Please keep him from our eyes!
Now that's a plan....
Ridiculous nomination.  GOP better wake up!
Seems to fit right in with The rest of Trump's clan.

He doesn't know any scientists, only business CEOs and society dregs. Nepotism is his scientific plan.
The world is flat. The sun orbits the earth. There will be no solar eclipse on the 21st. The supreme leader knows all. FORE!
This is ridiculous the man in the Oval Office has no respect for the people of this country.... what a joke
Your country is really sick, very sick. Trump is putting the country backwards.
Looks like Clovis done ate Colonel Sanders.
Are we sure Clovis didn't eat a scientist?
As @billmaher said last night he trolling all of us.
It's a thesis founded on Stepford Wives where the government replace legitimate humans with bots that mimic RW 1950s pols
#HurryMuellerHurry
Why, there's no qualifications to be a senator, just have to be willing to sell your soul for money
Trump's picks are big to America.
What does this nominee actually bring to the table???
Awesome.... Seems like another person with outstanding character (highly sarcastic).  Quite the trend we have going on.
Our government seems to be defined as piss on obama these days. #petty #sad #ohgrowup #gohatesomewhereelse
Now we know where Meals on wheels went too. Disgusting.
Oliver Hardy reincarnate.
GIRLLLLLLLL I feel ya! sumpn aint right!!!
It's Rick Mangino, the former Kansas football coach.
But that'd be CRAZY--like Gorka having a PhD from a real uni or Kushner knowing stuff abt ME diplomacy, or Trump knowing the Constitution.
Aughhhhh
I hate waking up with my news feed filled by nuclear war and nazis!!! Wtf is going on, Dev?!!
I know it's making me crazy lol crazier wtf in VA.  How can people just carry assault weapons in public, I have a really bad feeling
And we can't bring water into a concert.  Wtf...   please make this shit stop #america
#science is national security
Just one of many incompetent appointees made by an incompetent leader of this incompetent administration.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but the job description actually demands that a person is a scientist. This guy isn't. End of story.
How is this even allowed ? Where are the checks and balances ?
If U apply to govt job & it has professional requirements. Just make up some bullshit. If U get hired, U don't need to know what UR doing.
And the less you know the better.
Don't let his alpha male good looks fool you .He is another one to subvert a national gov't of the people to a gross parody+ tool of power.
Don't expect anything of substance when govt panders to its narrow minded, base base.
"Scientist" has too many syllables for Trump. He prefers "stooge."
Heartattack
Ha! Then they would have to fill other positions with people who actually know what they're doing. Duh
None of @realDonaldTrump  nominees have ANY EXPERIENCE in the field they were selected for...Y start now?! The ADMIN. of the inexperienced!
Obviously an expert on pork bellies.
@clairecmc @RoyBlunt Vote no!
Right. What a novel idea
Or someone with a life expectancy longer than the term of the job.
Genius...
Another brain dead under-educated staff member of the trumputin regime- dictatorship! Just what we needed! Great job AMERICAN VOTERS!!!
key word "nominating". plz fight this-we understand-ploy 2 get health care r'd&r'd. @JoeManchinWV PLZ stay true to county not 45.
In other news
Another ignoramus asked to join the Trump regime. Disgusting.
IMPEACH.
I know it's mean, but looking at the guy, just by stalling his nomination for a little, Mother Nature & obesity might do the rest. Irony?
An even sadder day. For "something" like this to be a so called replacement for PhD scholar John Holdren. Just sad.
Dems and GOP must vote no. Are there absolutely no ethical OR knowledge requirements to serve in our govt now?
#fucktheGOP
He doesn't really understand anyone that actually is a smart person about any thing except hatred.
He is filling these posts with loser after loser after loser.
Family member of Kislyak with ties to the Russian mob also?
Isn't that Vernon Dursley from Harry Potter?
I hear the new head of NASA will be an old white guy who believes the earth is flat and is only 4000 years old.
No, no, that would be way too responsible. Doesn't fir with the Trump brand
It's Boss Hogg
Where is his neck?
You'd think some things would just be so obvious but.........
@Silkbrah didn't this guy coach football at Kansas?
Wasn't this guy the head football coach at Kansas?
Jesus this guy is a piece of work
combined with the USDA pick these are 2 of the biggest dopes ever existed besides racist and disgusting.  Pres Bannon purposely puts worse
Is the main requirement for his appointments simply to have no qualifications for the job??????
Because white trash. This is ridiculous.
2/2 ".., recently sent a letter to Senate Agriculture Committee leaders, urging support for Clovis." Sounds like farmers disagree with you.
1/2 "A coalition of nearly two dozen industry groups, including the American Farm Bureau Federation& the National Corn Growers Association..
Your nastiness, bullying and disrespect keep good people from wanting to be part of our government.
And your outright rudeness in the confirmation process is not "professional" or "smart" no matter what mag spins it.
If you actually did your job& confirmed nominations instead of dragging your feet, I would be much more inclined to listen to you.
The article is very clear about what this man believes and WHY he believes it. I completely agree with his assessment of Holder & Obama.
I can't take it anymore. #nutjobprez
How bout Dems blocking these senseless appointments instead of giving in. It's not buying cooperation from dishonest GOP, & it's killing US.
@realDonaldTrump  iss too dumb for that.
Jabba the nut.
@POTUS is anti-science, remember? Clovis is a Birther. Is there anyone u can talk to about this? On Twitter, u r preaching to the choir.

He eats scientists for breakfast! Lunch and Dinner too, it seems.
Ill throw my hat in @SenKamalaHarris
This guy looks like someone that would whack you for taking his cannoli.
It would require a real president to do that.
#RepublicanPartyMalpractice will never happen.
what a wild and crazy idea-- hire folks who are qualified to do their job...
damn, there goes my career plan to become an astronaut.
At least all #PutinPuppet nominees leave their white hats at home when they go to "work", destroying the world as we know it.
Possibly not because it may bring professionalism to the administration!
Damn dude, put down the fork!
A Wedding Singer to go with the Wedding planner? If so... hide the chocolate cake!
That would go against everything this administration does.  He is trying to destroy the country from within.
I will take the job with no pay to save the planet.
You expect logic from the joke of an administration?
trump mocks the sciences by appointing dumbasses
Dude looks like a washed up opera singer
Looks like he ate one to many bacon burgers
Maybe he's the fat guy that Trumped accused of Hacking during Debates 
Lol
There's no such thing as a racist black. This shit just keeps getting more disturbing and that's being nice about it
Scientists are appalled. From Rick "feets don't fail me now" Perry, to Scott "Sue em" Pruitt, to this dumbass, why should we even bother?
Coronary waiting to happen
God forbid there be intelligent people in positions of leadership in this administration.
That would be common sense though right?  That's something @realDonaldTrump doesn't have much of.
That would make too much sense.
Oh absolutely
Wow these important jobs must be the only ones in America where applicants don't actually have to MEET any requirements.
That is the law.Can you find someone who can make @realDonaldTrump follow the rule of law?Maybe the Senate could follow the law and vote no?
I'm....not.....fat......my.....collar.....is....to....tigggghhhht.................SCIENCE
too
That would make too much sense.
I guess Junior Sample didn't die in the late 1970s after all!
Didn't he play on The Dukes of Hazard? Or was it He Haw?
Idiots elected a POTUS with NO political experience, it's only logical that an Idiot POTUS would elect a non-science, Scientist...true 'dat?
Nazis and White Supremacy

Trump doesn't like scientists. They use facts and can prove things.
His aversion to facts treads across all disciplines,
But lobbyists who don't know jack are all the rage this year.
What on EARTH did this casting call ask for?
He also reported he saw Elvis at the Dunkin Donuts last week.
Besides calling POC racist & saying POTUS44 wanted to enslave all who opposed him, all Clovis articles fail to mention WHY he was nominated.
Who, on his staff,  qualifies for their position?
Clovis is a joke, and he certainly isn't any kind of scientist.
Can't find an actual scientist who would serve in the @realDonaldTrump administration, I'm sure.
I would be a better pick. I actually grow some of my food...
Zoinks! 
Please tell me there are enough Republican Senators with working brains that wont vote to confirm this yahoo!
Nobody with functioning brain cells wants to be a part of this train wreck. Love you tho, looking fwd to voting for you for pres!
Here is uncle joe and he's feelin' kinda low at the junction.
Looks like he ate all the science
Or at least someone who knows how the calorie thing works.
Ya think?!
He looks like that Russian guy , Kisliak.
This man is a disgrace
Yeah, so don't confirm him....
Deplorable's know more than the Generals, scientists ,etc.
Absolutely absurd !
Dept of AG?  Has he ever seen a vegetable?
Looks like a modern Oliver Hardy.
Neanderthals don't believe in science because they have small brains.Trump  pics people 2 work for him by Brain size. pissing off  Zeus
He going to drain the swamp by drinking it.  I guess Trump thinks science ain't that hard anyway.
@kasthomas The qualified people use more than two syllable words and Trump gets confused.
KAMALA 2020
Plus he's about one more prime rib dinner away from a major cardiac event.
if you know any rich, crooked scientist give em a call. Those are the only qualifications.
I keep thinking this guy is Carlos Slim
Fake scientist
Seriously - this is like something out of a bad movie. This guy just looks the part of the swindler.
He's no doubt the anti-science anti-truth Prez. Not hard to see why most supporters are not educated
Isn't hiring a working scientist in this role mandated by law?
He can easily be rejected because his background is only talk (& controversy)
Like, @BillNye the "science" engineer?
What a joke.  This administration is a disgrace and an embarrassment
.
Oh dear.  This poor guy needs help.
Maybe Chump's superior-than-thou attitude operates better when he surrounds himself with equal (or more) fools and fuckwits
Such high expectations. Or as #HowardDean would advise "Stop Whining! #SenatorHarris! #Trump #antisciencebirthernominee #GOP iso #shame2017
This is a horrifying embarrassment. A blatant slap in the face to the entire Department.
@senategop @SenateMajLdr how about no more unqualified nominations. Put country 1st #ImpeachTrumpNow
as a farmer, I find his nomination insulting. How are we supposed to adapt to a changing climate w/o the best science?
Oh no please not him !
Whoa, actual scientists to hold positions that scientists should hold!?! These are republicans ma'am, science is the enemy.
Now that's just crazy talk
Such an obvious thought... lol
Sam Clovis, Donald Trump's pick for chief scientist for the Department of Agriculture

Whoops there goes gravity!
That ... would be a problem.
