Just don't fight that part that helps the veterans. Thanks! #ActiveDuty
Cuts to Pell, Work-Study, SEOG, TRIO & GEAR UP would hurt Sac State students. Thank you for fighting for CA students!
@DrDinD @DevinNunes what happened to "promote the general welfare?" Trump's budget has to be dead on arrival.
Thank you, Senator! In my view, w/o public health, public safety, and public education it's hard to see the POINT of gov't
Thank you. The last two months have been an unmitigated disaster and are a threat to our nation's survival.
but he does owe allegiance to his handler DarkBannon. Horrible vision of the world and US/
you have my support
Public Safety?  Isn't that what the Wall/Ban is all about?  #NoBanNoWallNoRaids #resist
Thank you! I am disheartened with the budget cuts & worried about the future for all our children and generations to come!
@DianaHollins Well said Senator, we need more people like you.
thank you keep fighting; I got your back
thank you, I just emailed you to ask that you fight for these very reasons.
trumps defense budget is the best ever
- or public television. Who kills Sesame Street, really, who does that. #resist
I am retired social worker!  Saw grass roots help with small budgets that saved thousands of dollars and kept elderly safe!
@DrDinD please do! The world hates Trump.
@BornThisGlitter or public transportation
@ThomasB00001 Vote NO on the entire @POTUS @realDonaldTrump agenda and nominees. STOP TRUMP! He is unAmerican.
@Jaybezo Thank you Sen Harris for, always fighting for us!
You are out to lunch When will you stop acting like a biased ideologue. Dump "fight" and use "seek to find common ground"
Completely false Kamala. The budget will make these areas more streamlined and economical. This benefits us all.
BS, and we the people will fight youu every step of the way
Public safety???  He's trying to keep us safe, but the courts
keep blocking him!!!!  
Sorry, I don't want an open to all
Yes... you'll be FIGHTING yourself!  Everything you say is a LIE!  Dems couldn't tell the truth to save their lives.
And I hope you lose . Big central government does not work.
You are my strongest hope. Thanks for your spirit. (PS I did vote for u.)  I despise Trump/can't believe the crud he pulls.
@BornThisGlitter exactly
@jaimepaglia Privatize them all!
It reflects what I've always known about him. He only values himself, attention & money(or the illusion of $).
you can do it.   PLEASE FIGHT FIGHT!!!!!!!!  NOW!!!!!!
Thank you Senator Harris! This CA voter is glad that I voted for a Senator who is fighting for values I believe in. #Resist
Thank you Senator!
How very fortunate  Americans are to have your dedication and service in the Senate. We are cheering you on Senator!
Nor does he value the elderly
@TimBrellow Thank you! It's teetering on Criminal Negligence with it's callous disregard of human life.
@TimBrellow quickly because he doesn't care. 45 proved police will listen to him immediately,eg airports.
Keep fighting & thanks!
Thank you for your dedication to the American people- not big business and your own pocket! #TheResistance #Donthecon
Thank you Senator for fighting for us! Keep it up!!
Pay attention @KYComer !
senators can't do anything, there in politics sane as the higher up crooks, they have to play the game,that includes lying
its government,  there isnt any fighting that will change the way it plays out, same as Canada have to wait for reelection
It's time for @TheDemocrats to get on @FoxNews & talk about these issues. MAGA by destroying the fabric of our society.
Thank you! And while you are at it oppose HR 26 and HR 998 - both anti-regulation bills. Thank you for all you do!
can you ask @GOPLeader where his balls, spine AND brain went??? Dude is giving California a bad name.
thank you for standing up for us.  We are lucky to have senators like you who value the lives of those you represent over $
@ihearthk4   Public safety? lol
@SenWarren  We are millions on streets protesting. GOP ignores us 100%. Better if we pack civil courts~ #ClassActionLawsuit
when will we get rid of him?infractions happened that could B used 4impeachment.is there something bigger we R unaware of?
@Can you tell us what are th things that @POTUS Actually Do respect ? #resist
thank you Senator Harris
Why do people seem surprised that Trump doesn't value anyone other than himself?
oh yes please do.  This is getting crazier all the time.
Thanks for being a warrior!
Thank you.
Thank you. We appreciate you and the way you're representing us. Keep up the great work & know we have your back!
He doesn't value human beings!
thank you for fighting the good fight!
but it does reflect the values of Trumps BFF.

Putin, Wikileaks and Billionaire 1% Buddies.
I solemnly swear  to uphold the laws and NEVER say a negative word against Mother Russia.
#TraitorInChief 
fight trump all the way. Dump trump if you can.
@SenWarren @SenFranken People are traumatized! GOP refuses100% to represent the majority.We need class-action civil lawsuit
Trump has now attacked every American who isn't a wealthy white male.
He does not value the 99% of Americans!
trump has no understanding of, nor doesn't care about public service!
thank you for fighting these cruel budget cuts.
everything trump has done has shown only one thing. the only thing he cares about is his own self interests and worth
Focus on WHO BENEFITS, NOT who suffers. Impossible to "shame" Trump/GOP. Instead, REVEAL and shame the beneficiaries.
We elect our representatives to protect our health, safety and education .. funny how they forget that!
@deejay90192 we are counting on you, Senator! We need you to fight for us at every turn under this Trump regime.
Or public property. Trump wants to privatize America in a great giveaway. The have-nots are about to have less. A lot less
Thank you Senator you are proving your worth as a giant in the senate each day. Proud I voted for you!
PLEASE get the rest of the @SenateDems to SPEAK UP! #resist #indivisible UR constituents demand it now!
THANK YOU!
We ALL need to fight! You're not alone. Let us know how to help.
you can't even stay on topic to force the AG to step down, what the hell can you do, ffs

and this surprises you...why? Instead of tweeting, how about fighting this corrupt administration before it destroys us all
Very good. We, the remaining common-sense people, need #Democrats politicians to represent us and fight. #resist
this budget does not reflect my values nor the values of most Californians I know - PLEASE FIGHT #resist
Thank you for fighting for the people!
thank you; let me know how I can help!
Not to mention preservation of our environment!
Thank you senator. Keep up the good work!
Don't forget enviroment
Nor does he value seniors, children, women etc. Fight him, Kamala, for all of us.
THANK YOU SEN. HARRIS!  #Harris2020 #Resist
