California has no representation with Kamala Harris!
Cause she does not support the rethuglican views ?
She's a racist and a misandrist!
Says the lost Trump supporter.....smh
She's a racist and a misandrist.
Sure she is and sure you're not
No actually I'm not!
Great job!
Watch Kamala acting coy with leaker #Comey but rude to @SenDanCoats She had to be reprimanded by @SenatorBurr Sad! Had voted for her :(
Brilliantly executed questioning. Would you please come to the UK & replace our PM? You are a very bright light in very murky waters.
Wow this you're proud of yourself what did you accomplish absolutely nothing
Just showed this to the hubs. He agreed, your line of questioning was impressive #shesmysenator
You are just trying to extend the witch hunt on our President with Tax payers money chasing a ghost! You should be ashamed of yourself!
you did an excellent job. Thanks for having our backs
why did you ask so many Qs you knew he couldn't answer? it was v prosecutory but not enlightening
The questions and his GOMAR responses were what is important.
what does GOMAR mean?
can't answer in open setting -bc subject to cloak of open investigation (mostly) &/or "classified" -the national security/counter-Intel part
criminal & counter-intel investigations are distinct but overlap, + sources/methods of c-i investigations are classified. This is Intel Cmte
@CelaineF I wish I could conduct an examination as efficiently as that one
You knocked it out of the ballfield! Thank you
A gunman doesn't say "hope". A man concerned for his friend hopes. That was a stupid comment.  You were fooled again.  #rude #lemming
@POTUS popularity soars ..... now at 50%!!  Keep up the great work Ms. Harris. Enjoy your term... constituents ARE watching. #NoHero
wow bias much? heard alot of same answers from leakycomey as sessions yet you dont seem angered by his memory or no answers
dumptrump

Red flag #2: Deputy AG Rosenstein wouldn't commit in writing that Mueller has full independence to conduct probe w/o risk of being fired
10/ 
Sounds like you thought you did so well; no so
MOST MISSED by MSM yesterday. FOCUS ON Q not A. 
was it on ANY media?
Why wasn't he asked what else he leaked?  Glad lynch will b investigated.
Watched it live. Great job, @SenKamalaHarris ! Thank you!!!
good job
Funny how u kissed his ass before easy questioning! Never does an armed robber say they hope anything! Stupid point! 
Ahhhh...Kamala.......your staff must be so proud of you when they read the replies to your selfish, biased questioning! Go Girl!
thats it I am done. i will do whtever i can to see you are brought down. lots of us will.
Kamala, you were horrible, you looked like a third grader up there that just filled their diaper! You're in over your head.
Poor dems.
If you're the best they can do...they're screwed.
>@KamalaHarris<
#ballbuster
I feel sorry for you cuz u think it's a game.DT&GOP LIE&cheat, You cool with that.When a senator tell u the truth that's wrong? AMAZING
She is awful.
Because SHE asked question that needed to be ask. Or CUS SHE not ok with a whinner that CONSISTANTLY LIES? OR CUS SHE EDUCATED. WHYYYYY
She is a classless rookie.
On her best day she's not a freckle on @CondoleezzaRice's ass.
Gee, so respectful to him.....why not talk over him? Hypocrite.
This most important question in hearing. Will Rosenstein stand up to Trump if asked to fire Special Council? THANK YOU 4 STRENGTH & INSTINCT
Alan Dershowitz busts the whole "Obstruction of Justice" narrative to pieces!
You were a rock star! Keep fighting for us!!!
Masterful!
You are awesome.
Thank you! For using your education, training, experience, and talent serving the people of California and the country, I am grateful
It's almost like you two are on the same team. Was he given the questions before hand?
Prosecutors (current and former) are ministers of justice!  Great job, @SenKamalaHarris!  Cheers from a current prosecutor in Detroit!
Thank you Senator for trying to get the truth, for justice for America
Unfortunately, daily, #FakePresident own stmts cont to kill allied ties! No #PresidentialOJT #ImpeachTrumpNow
I'm SO glad I voted for you! Keep up the excellent work.
Thank you for not being "courteous!" Keep your voice strong. We hear you! #ShePersisted #BadassWomenDC
You rocked the Hill!
Senator Harris, we could've used your worthless questions pursuing the corrupt Clinton foundation and the corrupt Obama deals with Iran
I particularly liked this one!!  Speaks volumes considering the dead bodies following the Clintons
You are doing a great job, keep it up!!
@SenKamalaHarris follow my website more on how I (K.A.L.K.) discovered the first Interdisciplinary Social Science sequence similar to #JFNJ
Awesome.
@SenKamalaHarris had excellent strength shown by truths of our D.N.A. has resurfaced the ancient right document, "The Royal Prerogative"
Thank you. I heard things that made me proud, but my internet was having issues!
Your star is rising especially at a time when we NEED leadership!
Wish we had more like you... Great job @SenKamalaHarris
keep up the good work, Senator Harris
So glad to see someone took their job seriously enough to get some sleep, sound coherent, professional and prepared. @SenKamalaHarris Thanks
Persist! You are doing great work, thanks!
Excellent questions! Thank you for your service!
Senator, thank you! You showed them what focused, direct questioning looks like. So tired of old white guys pontificating & wasting time.
Senator - you rock. If we had more of you we'd have proper Congress. Don't let GOP sell this country out to Russians and Corporate Interest.
Captions?
Thank you senator! Wish my own self-serving senators (@sendavidperdue @SenatorIsakson) had your backbone. Keep fighting the good fight!
Thank you
You were great  wanting answers like us but some of those Repub guys were not and so rude
It is such a pleasure to see two adults having a meaningful exchange!
You did a great job...
Any news on closed session hearings
Your were awesome. ! Proud of you  !
I'm so proud to have voted for you(CA-2).
But it's sad, I have to call Senior @SenFeinstein every vote to keep her from being GOP complicit.
A star for truth
So proud of my Senator. Admire your intelligence, strength and courage.  California!
Spectacular
Madam Senator, you were superb.
Nothing. Zero. But at least you got on TV right?
Moronic analogy in ur opening. How u got on ANY "intelligence" Committee is beyond explanation
@ucmoore93 listen to the first 4 questions....
Kasowitz files...toilet paper 
Love u Senator!
Love Senator Harris, she come well prepared.  #Harris2020 #HarrisForPresident @CNNTonight @donlemon @AprilDRyan
You should run for President in 2020. You'll have my vote, Senator Harris!
She is asking about #sessions much more than #trump which is usually an indication she knows something
Excellent work! So proud you're my Senator. 
FANTASTIC JOB!!!!
Thank you!
Making us proud!
Senator Harris I watched you live yesterday and I watched you the day before. You r tough Examiner glad you're on our side!
Thank You Kamala, it is comforting to know someone is out to get to the truth, we are behind you keep up the good work
Great questions.  Hopefully these were answered in the closed session
You are the BEST!  #harris2020
What's becoming obvious is Kamala loves her some Kamala
Comey said to Jeff Sessions prior to being left alone w/Trump, "It is inappropriate and should never happen again." Session did not reply.
This is important @IndivisibleTeam @ResistanceParty SHE KNOWS he will GLOMAR. Focus on QUESTIONS, not answers. She is TELLING you TONS!
Yes!  She knows what she is doing.
..and you did a beautiful job! I'm impressed!
It was a master class in lawyering. Kudos.
yea it proved POTUS did the right thing firing Comey. He's not to be trusted. Slim ball
Your expertly crafted line of "can't answer that" questions drew a chalk outline on the floor around the corpse of the Trump Predisency.
Except it looks bad for Trump when a witness keeps having to say "I can't answer that in open session". Why, because it may be damaging.
I look forward to the day in the not too distant future when my daughter and I will refer to you as Madam PRESIDENT.
Excuse the language..but..You are a bad ass!!!
Well done Senator Harris, you're doing a great job representing us Californians! Keep the pressure up! Also, NO 2 AHCA garbage! #Trumprussia
"I'm asking the questions" was your absolute inherent right to say as an elected gov official. For an appointee to interrupt your questions?
I wish someone would have asked if he felt russia could  have affected the primary wich led to  Hilary Clinton winning over Bernie  Sanders
KUDOS to you! BUT it's terribly distressing to see strong women like you silenced. The attitude of the #GOP is despicable. You were 100%!
You were awesome!!  Bout time we get a little upfront truth going in.  
Great job s'en from Switzerland 
Thank you, Senator! It was an honor to witness!
Amazing line of questioning. Comey. to the best of his knowledge, assured us that Session didn't touch the investigation post-recusal
I'm Senator Harris more n more each day ..Thank you!!! You Rock!!!
"When a robber...held a gun to somebody's head,...said I hope you will give me your wallet,...hope was not the most operative word..." Nice!
My friend you make me want to move back to my birth place California.  Thank you for being brilliant and standing up for all of us.
You rock!  Thank you :)
I did appreciate your questions.  Thank you.
Great Job, I watched it
Asking a high number of questions doesn't equate to success, progress, or intensity, especially when most Q's yielded no answers
Good Job Senator. Thank You. #NeverthelessShePersisted
Not to mention that you tried to "lead" responses using your questions. That is evidence not of seeking truth, but of seeking to "win."
You did well. My daughter is a SD constituent and so proud of you.
You make California proud! thank you!
Most of your questions yielded an "I dont know" or "I can't remember" or "I can't answer." Nothing from your Q's revealed anything important
She clearly knows what questions she can get an answer.. seems like she was stroking her own ego. Esp with that first statement #fail
Strong, in every way. I wish you had more time to question. 
From Seattle,Thank you for your leadership. We ALL need you.
#KamalaHarris2020
Great job! #WeThePeople #Demand #Truth the #WholeTruth and #NothingButTheTruth Keep Russia and all it's tentacles out of #America
Sooooo you running for President in 2020??  Because you should. 
Your questioning was on the nose. Whereas some others focused on non issues. Keep up the pressure.
KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK SENATOR KAMALA HARRIS, YOU ARE A TRUE PATRIOT
I'm proud to be your constituent. Thank you.
Damn, that was a thing of beauty.
My Landlord was just here at apt. Now gone, otherwise would've tweeted earlier.Sen. Kamala Harris if Oakland,California TRUTH,TOGETHER
11:00am Gone to bank coming directly back.TRUTH
thank you!
Thank you Senator! Proud and hopeful to be your constituent.
So jealous of you rn.
Thank you.
You go girl, kick ass!!!
Awesome show of girl power.
Tear those b's up KH
Great job, Senator!
Loved it yesterday. Still love it today.
You are a national treasure!
Hero.
You are Wonder Woman
Yes, she is!
Show the #GalPower
