More lies. Obamacare will cost you in 2018 and obstructing tax cuts for the middle class will finish you off in 2020.
All pensions are taxed. Try again.
Who are you Michael Jackson? Our generation kicked your ass in November. And will again in 2020.
What is the democratic budget and how do you plan to get the republican votes to get it passed! DETAILS PLEASE!! NO MORE NO LESS!!
NOT ENTIRELY TRUE!! We the people can still try to influence the players by mass postal mailings and emails along with organized marches,etc
No I want illegal immigration stopped you don't
Absolutely!!!!!
I want some Fried Pork Chops with some macaroni & cheese, skillet potatoes with , cabbage mixed with some bacon  & some big mama pound cake
Harris is happy eating her toenails.
Senator, how will you address the national debt? Maybe focusing on only what the constitution requires of government will be a good start.
When the Democrats were in control the word bipartisan was taboo.
Bipartisanship is over rated. #GOP needs to be stomped out.
WELL THATS BECAUSE DEMOCRATS WONT WORK TOGETHER UNLESS EVERYTHING IS YOUR WAY.. WELL PISS ON THAT!! IT'S TIME WE HAD THINGS OUR WAY !
Which is true of the #GOP proposed everything at this point.  The RW has replaced country with #Tribalism and Trump feeds the beast.
Thank You for your efforts. Please help the middle class and poor. Not a tax break for the rich. Help save my social security.
You honestly think democrats are for the middle class?
Did you just hear yourself?  It's the DNC that won't budge, that won't work with what the American people want.
#Bipartisanship is meaningless without honesty & integrity. It is not inherently positive. For example, see ridiculous DOD increase. 
How is increasing DOD budget ridiculous
False! Everything you post is always us vs them. You should try Ive Read the budget and I think we can work with our friends on some issues
What she said isn’t false but it’s her job to work with them and find a tax plan that helps the country. That’s not giving rich a tax break

So she must come up with better tax plan. Which isn’t easy, very hard!
Sorry Kamala the Gop could give a shit about this country. They want a one party gov't letd give them one without them.
Harris isn't a legal citizen. I
Oh im sorry was that supposed to be funny? Yeah not so much!!
The American people voted for Donald Trump and his vision for the country. There was no bipartisan levers at anyone's polling station.
No, no we don't. We want democrats to work in a PROGRESSIVE way to achieve  change. Republicans don't want change. #justicedems #progressive
Who do you think you're fooling? You don't represent the American people. You represent illegals and everyone but Americans. What a joke.
DISCUSTING lack of care for CITIZEN SAFETY! NOTE: DEMS voted AGAINST KATE'S LAW!
Check out @RNRKentucky's Tweet:
Trump Is About To Send In The Feds To Raid California After What They Just Declared

#JerryBrown You will NOT Win

…
They only want to work ‘together’ if the Dems will agree wth them 100%. They are not into collaberation or inclusion of others’ views.
#Kamala2020  -  US needs someone that can lead the country.
We have someone he is doing a great job
Nothing the Gop does is about compromise. They are blowing up our constitution because they lack the skills and compassion to govern.
Have you even read the Constitution you must not have. Obama was the one that ignored it.
That's because the former GOP now the baby killer party have become a useless group and need to be removed.
I agree need to be replaced with the Tea Party
Without YOU as out-matched Ca.A/G, with sister Maya scuttling SF/ACLU, Trump might never have been elected+juice might not loose on SACTO.
You're not part of the American people.
Than try to make it better. Same with ACA, fix the problems. Get bill to fix ACA or more Americans will die by trumps hand.#FixACAsavelives
Where should cuts be made? Criticizing is easy, but what are you ideas? The current spending is unsustainable. http://usdebtclock.org 
I notice no #Democrat cared when it was #Obamacare being voted on.
@sactolawyer They are authoritarian, not democratic. Compromise is the heart of democracy. They don't compromise.
And you r bipartisan or just schizophrenic?
#Centrists speak ONLY for #Corporate, NOT for #TheAmericanPeople, when they peddle their #bullshit 'bipartisanship.'
Yeah...that's so bipartisan of you.
no...actually we the people want the communists to be STOPPED...not negotiated with
If we continue with that kind of one track mind, we'll never get anything accomplished. Time 4 govt to care about "we, the people".
how is it ONE TRACK to want the founding principles of this country to be followed?  #irrational
Dear Senator. Taxpayers fund Planned Parenthood. PP donates $38,000,000 to Democratic Party. Is that actually correct?
We don't want them to work with socialist leaning democrats
After Democrats sold off the American healthcare system to profiteers when crafting the ACA I am scared what they would do with GOP help.
That's standard operating procedure for the Republicans. NEVER want to reach across the aisle!!!! I'm teaching my 13yo G-daughter about it.
Like the democrats did on ACA
We're kind of over the @GOP, actually.
Really how come Hillary lost
Sadly, to the average voter, "compromise" is a dirty word.
Will you be issuing a statement returning Harvey Weinstein's donations to your campaign and denounce a sexual predator?
One word: Obamacare.

Oh, and how about Dodd-Frank? Clean Energy Plan? Iran deal? Stimulus? Want more?
We do not want to work with Republicans, but you do.  Don’t speak for us in that regard.
NO to those God-awful Republicans.
Oh stop and fix the tax code, please!
Ms. Harris, you have NEVER sponsored meaningful legislation that became law. You have NEVER been bipartisan on ANY issue of substance.
The Republican budget is a thinly disguised attempt to gut Medicare, Medicaid, and repeal Obamacare in order to fund tax cuts for the rich.
Good Lawd. Grow up.
Then slap them on the back of their heads & tell them "your ppl" r not going for this crap & to get on board w/ the idea quickly.
Yeah no shit. What else is new?
The American people are being lied to by Democrats, liberals, progressives or whatever else they call themselves.
Find a way, please, to communicate this to FOX. For 20 years they've indoctrinated viewers that Dems don't compromise.
If I were a Senator, I'd probably be drinking again. #Insanity
Bullshit.
How does a proposed budget do that?   Put on your big girl pants and figure it out.  You not working with them is on you.
Dems idea of bipartisan is do it our way. I've seen you guys in committee
stop them from destroying Medicare and Medicaid.
The GOP has failed again to put The People first again. Why is it so hard for them to be bipartisan and work thing out as a team? Shameful
1. Egomaniacs 2. Childish 3. Immature 4. Bottle fed 5. Super Rich 6. Don't wanna.
Republicans are disgusting.
Wouldn't it be nice if there was ONE party, the People's party that actually looked out for "the People" of America.
Both parties are polarized....and failing.....
And the DNC leaders are deadly opposed to anything resembling bipartisan.....
Ryan has said he will NOT work with Democrats.
As opposed to the doubling of the national debt by the last president?
Republicans could care less about the American people and determined to destroy ecosystem
I mean calling us names should work! That is very bipartisan.
Reps are going to go for theirs.  You aren't willing to compromise AT ALL. Everyone knows it.
The Republicans are owned by the NRA! How do you "bipartisan" with corruption?
Your definition of bipartisanship as is for all @TheDemocrats is your way or nothing, that is not bipartisanship
What have you personally done or shown to work bipartisan? Name one thing
Ms. Goody Two Shoes---reaching out to the other side!! NOT YOUR STYLE---STOP TRYING TO PRESENT YOURSELF AS A HERO!!! You're a looser!!!
*loser
Says the Pot to the Kettle.
How did it pass?  Did any Democrats vote for it??
No they would rather play the BLAME GAME! SAD.
.

No most want the liars @DNC to get

OUT your finished you obstruction &

Disrespectful if laws and budget

Not needed wanted anylonger

.
Bipartisanship would be great.
Unfortunately, GOP definition of bipartisanship has become complete Dem capitulation & endorsement.
When a republican politician crosses the aisle before staging a press conference, only then I might begin to believe them.
Neither does locking themselves in a room and refusing to let dems in.
That’s what Obama did why is it different now
The Democrats need to come to work every day and fight for the American people too many of them are complacent
Somewhat agree. There are many Harris, Warren, Feinstein, Murphy, Schumer, Murray, Franken, Booker, King & Sanders out there fighting hard.
Go get em, Senator! Keep fighting. Never give up. SMART people stand beside you.
#TheGOPSucks 
#TrumpSucks
#TheyAreAllCrooks
#Resist
Yea right... you call GOP every name in the book and then want them to work with you?  Nah
I did a calculation. with the proposed tax bill I would get a $250 tax break. Run though the #s, you'll  be surprise who really get the $$s
We need 3 GOP senators to oppose it!
Example ^ this not bipartisanship its example of your way or nothing
If anyone can get to work on this it's you. The budget proposals with cuts to SNAP (I have seen firsthand how this helps) needs help.
"Elections have consequences"
Bipartisanship isn't inherently good, policy that protects and uplifts citizens is.
... whenever a #Centrist pushes for #Bipartisanship, i throw up just a little in my mouth...

The government has drones in the sky with today's technology I doubt they give about your precious guns it's the 21st century now
Corrupt MoC R on the side of #TrumpRussia &only willing to fight for #RussianMoney flowing into the #RNC #RuGOP #WeThePeople SAY NO
#RICO

Yes @SenKamalaHarris, mins ago, w with myself making business call.TRUTH
2/2  @SenKamalaHarris, @CSPAN 2 U.S. Senate Debate Speeches, TRUTH
4:52pm.@SenKamalaHarris  just gavel-out, a Pro-Forma session tomorrow, Columbus Day is Monday Oct 9th, Senate back in session Oct.16th,
Instead it slices Medicare to pay for Koch tax cuts down the line
Instead it slices Medicare to pay for Koch tax cuts down the line
Meeting the Far Right halfway is the road to hell. Obstruct, impede, investigate. Remove Gorsuch from Supreme Court. Then . . .
#CarryOn
nah, honestly I want to vote out every one of the GOP and have them investigated for collusion.
Yet its @TheDemocrats who keep losing ... weird
Is like when Prez O said to get on board with his agenda or get to the back of the bus?
Bipartisan what? Hell no! We voted out the damn #DEMOCRATS for a reason. Next we #FLUSHTHERINOS!
Where can I send you my story Senator Kamala?
