And to think that I was starting to think you had integrity @SenatorBurr. Your disrespectful display was disgusting today
maybe he's worried his victory was bought by the Russians by proxy.
He's just another of a certain type of white neanderthal male that wants women in the kitchen doing what they're told. News flash-it's 2017.
The truth is you do not care for The American People. Your agenda to save illegals while Americans are homeless all over your state.
I am sorry you feel that way! I live in CA and it is a mess. I wish the leader here would do more for the middle class and the homeless.
It is so awful what CA has become very sad. I volunteer to help the blind just get around the cracked streets and sidewalks.
It's one thing to do your job. It's another to be belligerent while doing so. 
You failed at both today.
What are you, nuts? None of the men were disrespected the way she was. Guess you're one of those "go ahead and grab my p****y" gals.
Oh please. So sick of women playing the victim card.
I don't know how you kept your composure. They are always trying to shut us up.
Maybe there is a reason
There is a reason: sexism.
Oh please. If you watched it you know she was show boating. Nothing to do with that card
. I did watch it. What's the matter, can't think of your own adjectives and have to borrow from PT?
PERSIST!!!
Thank you!!!
Proud of you, Senator, and glad for your #Persistence
Thanks!!!!  Appreciate you standing up for truth.

Awesome job today! We the people  you! Thank you
Next time your male colleague(s) tells you how to speak, act, etc. tell him stop being sexist & that his lack of real manhood is showing.
Keep fighting. We need representatives like you.
As your constituent I insist you keep your tone as it was. WE ARE SCREAMING AT THE SCREEN with POTUS a traitor.
Same from this constituent!  #NeverthelessShePersisted!
This constituent is proud to have voted for her to be our Senator #NeverthelessShePersisted
Me too!
Thank you, Ms. Harris!!!!!
GOOD! You should be censured if possible. Let them ANSWER THE QUESTION!
we need you 
You go girl you are becoming a Democratic folk hero, just like Reality Winner!
Two things that never change are the past and the truth.
Thank you, Senator Harris. You were remarkable today!!
She was warned yet she persisted. I saw that LIVE.  I'm proud of you, you're amazing and vital to democracy. Thank you!!!
California is so proud of you! I'm thinking the first female president someday!
Thank you!
Fabulous photo of @KamalaHarris #YouGoGirl #Trump/Russia
KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK MRS HARRIS.
Remember "you're new at this" apparently that's a viable excuse....so you do whatever you want!
@Naijai3  Thank you! We need more politicians like you 
Give those criminal, mansplaining SOBs hell!
Nicely done.
Go girl!!!!
You can stand her up at the gates of hell and she won't back down
I doubt that
You have more guts and gumption than any of those men.  But that is what it takes to make it in a man's world!  Great Job!!!
Quiet is one thing. Acting professional is another. You should consider how crazy you look on TV.
She's a prosecutor.
Go, Senator, go!! We appreciate your courage and determination in the face of the ugly old white dude patriarchy!
And we don't want you to back down!  @SenatorBurr needs to keep quiet & let you question witnesses like the gold old boys do. #Persist
But you won't accept it Kammy. You just want to make a name for yourself. How sad for your district
You wouldn't know the truth if it slapped you in the face. Disgusting performance on questioning embarrassing for Ca.
Well since you are already in the Senate trash can there is little to lose by shouting "I'll be back"  Yeah, good luck with that.
You were such am embarrassment in the hearing yesterday. How about getting to truth rather than grandstanding?
Good!
We have your back, @KamalaHarris
Until the closed-door briefings are made public, I doubt we, the public, will have the full scope.
I "hope" you can get it! Rock on!
Thank you, Senator Harris! We are behind you!!
I hope you make the next 6 years hell on all those Senators who think they can try to silence you. Actually, I know you will #KamalaHarris
Persist!
Couldn't you just be president, so we can put the nightmare behind us?
unbelievable so many women believe you were belligerent/disrespectful because you questioned a white man.
ON stage but u ignore citizens-all of you do...
Thank you Kamala!!!!! 
You asked a "yes - no" question. He chose to filibuster and YOU were chastised? Uh, NO.
Comey said what all reasonable Americans knew Putin's puppet in WH is a LIAR & traitor to America
Thank you
@GOP going after another strong woman just trying to do her job. Trying to silence her. They don't like strong women. I appreciate her.
#NeverthelessShePersisted 
Go get em Kamala
You were incredible and credible. Articulate, well-informed, competent, concise, clear. Unlike some of your #RIPGOP colleagues. Thank you!!!

we appreciate all you do, stay strong, we stand with you.
You are incredible. Keep it up.
Men, do we need them? Poor boys just cannot handle a strong, educated, tested by fire articulate wonder like you, you go girl, PERSIST!

Persist!
THANK YOU! #Persist
Thank you for working on the truth to this matter
I just want to hug you! Stay strong! We are with you! #resist
Thanks! This was disgraceful made me sick! Their reaction to appropriate questions was sheer misogyny. 1st Sen Warren and now you. 
Proud of you!
Please don't let them back you down or silence you. #StandWithKamala #FightLikeaGirl #Persist #Resist
we love you - thank you for integrity and I hope you become POTUS
We are looking forward to you bringing it home sister Senator!
Thank you Senator for your strength and leadership during these difficult times!
What a disgrace you portrayed on the floor, please take some common courtesy class as you certainly not my senator that is rude.
Burr is archaic
Keep leading and grill away
The future is yours
GOP men just hate it when women lead.
Yes!
Nevertheless #ShePersisted
Super, SUPER admiration for the job you did yesterday! Keep it up!
A woman with balls. You show them Senator Harris. The world needs women like you.
Thank you!!!! I'm glad you are there future POTUS!!!!!
Stay Strong! Thank you for your dedication to getting to the truth. #NeverthelessShePersisted
How disgusting the way you were treated! Old white mens club I thought we were pass hushing the little lady on mens affairs smh stay strong!
Let him know he should wear a cup from now on.
Loved that u pushed forward. The overt misogyny was pathetic. You rock!
Thank goodness for senators like you! Keep fighting! #NeverthelessShePersisted
I know you won't Wonder Woman!
Thank you!
I'm still fuming at how badly you were treated. You did well. I'd've ripped @SenJohnMcCain and @SenatorBurr 's throats out. You go girl!
Might be my new hero...
In your corner! Good luck today! THANK YOU!
Go, Ms. Harris! We are behind you all the way. Keep speaking up and asking questions. You are doing well.
In how many ways can the truth hit u & u get it? #Alzheimer, #amnesia, #forgetful
Shero!  Keep up the good trouble @SenKamalaHarris   #resist
Thank you for fighting for truth and justice. #NeverthelessShePersisted
We've got your back. Keep it up.
That's why we love you
Be careful my sister you are almost alone. Protect yourself at the most basic level.

We need more Senators like Kamala Harris she won't b bullied by the GOP she seeks the truth & demands answers.  She as a backbone unlike GOP
We are with you and support your courageous efforts! Keep up the good work.
Stay strong. We are with you!
Harris/Franken 2020
Please press on and tell it tough. We need you today!
Great job yesterday putting their feet to the fire amazed at blatant rudeness of admiral didnt like a woman checking if he had balls He dont
Go get'em!
Being a bully to the witness won't get you the answers you want (mainly because you keep cutting him off) #unprofessional
As I'm sure you're aware: millions of us stand behind you.
This is why I voted for you! Keep up the good work.
You go girl!!!!
we're with you!!!!
Democrats don't like the truth,they just harass witnesses like on TV.  Harris is like that other California clown, Schiff,  nothing but talk
Keep up the good work - you're definitely MAGA.
The words you're looking for @CNN is #ShePersisted
I wanted to smack that Senator upside the head for you yesterday...lol
Do not forget about the @gop tax break nonsense called a health bill and dodd-frank vote. Keep fighting.
Thank you, Senator! #Persist
Another voice crying out in the wilderness. Thank you Kamala Harris.
U never should back down now more than ever. We r with u! 
Thank You
Please persist. #ImpeachTrump #HoldTrumpAccountable #ImpeachTrump
Do not let them silence you
Your facial expression was priceless, Senator - it said "kinda expected this, don't care." 
The truth can not be silenced! We are counting on U to speak with tenacity 4those of us who don't have access 2gain clear, honest responses!
And you shouldn't.  Women should be treated the same in Washington. If not, shine a spotlight on it.
Please continue to persist, everyone sitting next to you should be doing the same thing, independently of parties! This is about democracy!
You were wronged. Period.
You go, girl--or Madam Senator! Thank you
Tell them to jam it
The GOP loves to try and silent strong Black women.
@CheleReamey 
@SenatorBurr is a crook and a racist. North Carolina would benefitt immensely from having him out of office. Thank you for standing up.
There's a difference in "won't back down" and "hasn't a clue what's going on and being a disrespectful bitch about it". She's the latter.
Thanks Senator Harris. Nor shall the American people. We appreciate your spirit & courage on our behalf. Hope & liberty is on our side
Seems gop good at silencing harris and warren. Why D's male colleagues silent? All pussyfooting around. Grab em by the collar, much at stake
No, that might be "assault," like when Maxine Waters moved that mic out of her face.
Lol,, oh yah..
#Persist #NeverthelessShePersisted Keep up the heat!
I was inspired today.  Thank you.
You can't handle the truth
@SenKamalaHarris If you need the truth let people answer the questions asked. quit interrupting.
Good job, Senator Harris!!
Great senator Harris admire your tenacity
Nevertheless, she persisted. Sen Harris, YOU ROCK! Thank you.
Keep pushing Kampala! Thank you!!!
KEEP IT UP.
Keep fighting!
We are behind you
Please never shut up. We need your integrity and strong voice more than ever.
Thank you ... keep fighting for truth
#ShePersisted 
#TogetherStronger
#NotmySenator but she made me so proud today. #IstandwithSenatorHarris
Thank you, Senator.  Well done!
WE STAND WITH YOU. AND WE WON'T BE QUIET EITHER!!!!!
We're right here beside you, Senator.
#NeverthelessShePersisted
@SenKamalaHarris, you may be right on this issue but your logic is not just pushy but very wrong. We all know the truth is in shades of gray
We LOVE You For That!!!
thank you senator. Great work today. We appreciate it tremendously.
Thank you, @SenKamalaHarris 
We want the truth indeed.
A real fighter not many of them on Capitol Hill
Thank you.
Funny how you use that word, "truth," almost as though you know what it means. Pretending illegal aliens aren't illegal...sound familiar?
Thank you!!
Sen Harris didn't blink an eye... Burr and the others did! GOP has a hard time with strong, intelligent women! Keep em sweating, Kamala! 
I now realize that anyone who uses the term "mansplaining" are some of the most broken people around. I hope you find love, or a vibrator.
U go go go 
Continue fighting the good fight, Senator Harris. Looking forward to voting you into the WH in 2020.
They hate it when women try to act like the men.  Uppity woman-where's the coffee?
Solution:stop being in love with the sound of your own voice. Learn the rules on allotted time.If you ask a question, you don't answer it.
@CNN  your credibility in reporting accurately is in deep deep ****
Looks like you missed the grade school lessons on eitquette.  Be polite please.  Go high, not low.
Thank you.
Yay!!!  Get em Senator.
When the women have more balls than the men Thank you @SenKamalaHarris
We stand beside, behind, and with you!! 
We need clarity and truth ASAP !
I'm so happy you're my senator. Keep up the good work!
sen from maine had no such smack down attempt! repug white man privilege shines light again on their disdain 4 powerful women! #KickAssSenKH
Old crotchety white guys (Burr et al) up to their usual tricks.  Got get 'm Senator.  We have your back.
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris   We need your strength, your passion, your voice. @SBrumbaum
Thank you .@SenKamalaHarris You rocked it today. Burr was an ass
But you can be polite.  Or you'll get shut down again, and again, and again, and I'll smile every time
You will on judgement day girl you are wrong abusing position to treat men of honor like you did#shameonyou
Why did they not do the same to Angus King? He was rather adamant. 

And McCain gets an F in his questIoning.
Another Nasty Woman, I love m all
Go kick their asses! We know you won't back down until you have the #Truth!
As a resident of Alabama!I must look to other states reps to rep me. With gratitude and tremendous respect, Sen. Harris, YOU GO, GIRL!
On top of demanding a moronic commitment from a witness, U were rude & disrespectful. U deserved to b  interrupted.
Taking on the girl haters club
You're a disgrace. Condescending behavior asking irrelevant questions where no case exists. What criminal code was violated counselor?
