What law needs to be in place to prevent this from happening again?
Banning the sales of these weapons. Not even talking all guns, just these guns used in these shootings... always purchased legally.
Because most of time, the people who commit these horrendous acts have no criminal records...
I can’t figure out why folks would need military level weapons? What are you hunting? Pretty sure a hand gun is enough to keep one safe.
Could do as much damage with a hand gun. There are laws preventing this, they aren’t getting enforced.
No you couldn’t. You couldn’t stand 32 stories up and shoot across the street with a hand gun and kill/wound over 600 people.
He legally acquired his guns... went through all the back ground checks.
And here’s how he did it!! Why do these exist!?
#kamalaharris2020
I totally agree ! Its bad enough to own a Assault rifle but to be able to buy a part to make it fully automatic is legal, it makes no sense!

NEW: The Vegas Shooting IS terrorism. 2nd Amendment Bullshit and Trump's "Warmest Condolences" won't suffice 
Chris Rock said it once “Tax the Bullets” there has to be a way to make this more difficult for people, increase the taxes on ammo!!
Yes!!! More taxes will do it! Works great on Alcohol. That tax reduce death by how much?
Gun violence is a public health crisis. We need to remove the ban on CDC-funded research to help identify how to solve it.
#kamalaforpresident I'm so ready for you to be in charge! 
Then you will identify the law which could have prevented the Las Vegas shooting.

Caveat:  It has to be Constitutional.
#GunReformNow 
No AR should be legal in citizens hands and the component to make an AR automatic should be banned.
Why?
They have 1 purpose #Terrorism & war
You don't need an AR for protection
You don't hunt or protect yourself with an AR unless you are Psycho
Fortunately, babe, its the Bill of RIGHTS, not the Bill of NEEDS.  So sorry.
I'm not your babe, that's sexist.
I doubt our forefathers thought we'd ever have weapons like these, and laws can and should be changed.
They could never have envisioned the internet, radio or television either---but all of those are protected under the First Amendment, right?
Protected how LOL, not for privacy!
I've read the 2nd ammendment and many of the changes made over the years. 
So yes #GunReformNow

Again, what are your policy recommendations? Put them in writing
where was the left and media after the Tennessee church shooting. that's right silent. never calley for gun control then! #votedemsout
Don't forget she wants us to pay for criminals too. I believe she may think the Constitution is racist too.
273 shootings in 275 days = always too soon to talk about. Now is time to talk, now is time to act. You know it. I know it.
Silence is the last thing we need. Well, second only in ineffectuality to prayer.
I agree hold those accountable for gun crimes accountable and teach Urban Parents to teach their children to obey laws and respect LEO!
Exactly- No is not enough---We need action---Thank you Senator Harris...
GOP lawmaker's warped view on Protect & Serve is that Laws don't regulate behavior but thgts, prayers 2 victims & praise of1st Rspndrs do.
Clasic case of Leading from Behind.
A moment of silence is nessasary. You need to go live with Maxine Watters
Below describes the GOPs Modus Operandi! To devour YOU!
2 Cor 11:14 And no marvel; for Satan himself is transformed into an angel of light.
You = us The United States of America! Keep on fighting the GOOD FIGHT Senator! Thank you!
you should pass a law making it illegal to shoot people. oh wait..
With a GOP congress backed by NRA, GIVE ME A F****** BREAK!
#GunControlNow #GunReformNow
Make it illegal to own AR & component to make auto.
We’re behind you Senator, we can’t let this quiet down until the next tragedy.
You need to commit resignation at least.
I want a ban of your free speech
How many mass shootings is it going to take before guns become a problem for them?
Silent no more.

@MikeOkuda Well, maybe if Trump could observe a moment of silence that lasts three years or so.
#ImpeachTrump is the only way that will happen!   So sick of him needing his pats on the back,  atta boy!  #WorstPresidentEver
I'm with you, but until Congress stands up to the @NRA,our calls and marches don't seem to make a difference.We are keeping thepressure on.
Neither is taken a tragedy for political reasons why didn’t you come out with the shooting of the Tennessee church why you disappoint me
How about concentrating on health care, taxes and immigration. Things the effect EVERY American. Stop running for office. Do something.
It’s a phony display by ppl who aren’t going to do a damn thing abt gun control. GOP took bribes from NRA. Las Vegas took bullets.
We must confiscate all guns!
You know what it’s about respect. LEAVE
Silence is what u gave Cali as AG when u could've prosecuted Steven Mnuchin's One West Bank for predatory lending & aggressive foreclosures.
Moments of silence?  Really there’s been years of silence.
Yeah I'm pretty sure they want us silent for more than a moment.
This is not a time to be silent on anything. Our voices need to continually rise on each & every injustice.
Curious, what legislation stops a criminal from getting something they want, if you func. W/O law no piece of legislation controls you.
Yes! We need action now! Tough gun laws! More accessibility for those with mental health issues. Let's do this. Now is the time!
...and we must stop regarding common sense as the enemy of the 2nd Amendment; it's not. Senseless murder cannot continue be a partisan issue
tax gun sales to help pay for victims and families of future attacks
We needs prayers and actions. The enemy of gun control is formidable
Your own state, has let thousands of violent criminals run the streets and victimize society.  How will you address that?
Exactly what would you propose to stop a crime like LV?  What law, if you don’t have an idea then now is the time to STFU!!
Yes @SenKamalaHarris, just now 2:54pm, TRUTH,(Family) @CSPAN 2 U.S. Senate,waiting for Vote Nomination of Lee Cissna 
I will NOT stand for a moment of silence, we will NOT be silence ANYMORE OUR voice NEED to be heard, MORE GUN CONTROL!!!!
#HarrisHonore2020
So true.
More than 10,000 people/year died from drunk driving?  How will you address that?  86 dead in Nice from a truck.  Will u address that?
Run

Reminder that these are the 46 U.S. senators who voted against sensible gun control after Sandy Hook: https://medium.com/@shannoncoulter/meet-the-46-u-s-senators-who-voted-against-sensible-gun-control-law-1ac66dcabbad … 
Amen
They want us to remain silent.
How about sending "thoughts and prayers"?   Those are very helpful...right?
Praying is fine and good. Action is needed now!! Easy to pray and then do nothing. Makes u part of the problem. GUN CONTROL NOW!
Silence  Alone  Will  Not  Suffice  *For the people in the back* 
