The key to getting answers is a skill you have apparently not mastered.   Smile now and then and LISTEN!
It's unacceptable that you wouldn't let the man answer and repeatedly ask the same question. Why not ask Eric Holder about his memory
He did. You were to busy showboat with dramatics and interrupting to hear what he had to say.
Session was stellar up against the witch Hunters.
Sessions used the confidentiality rule just like Obama and Holder
How can he name it Sen Harris, you make AG Sessions nervous. :P
Misogyny is everywhere, even with many liberal men I know, brainwashed by sexism of the past. But THAT is gonna change. Oh, yes.
Only if we protect & nurture our own. Women must stand up & link arms. Making room for 'Shakespeare's Sister' was never more urgent.
So true, of course. But I see my daughter and her friends...Watch. Out. (white male) World.
unacceptable bit blur in Donald world, so Sessions the Mickey gonna dance to the tune
Who cares. He knew better and he should have stopped himself. Stop blaming young women for things old men do wrong. Jerk!
I don't recall being in this conversation before
No pressure () but: I AM PINNING HOPES ON U for our future. I'm so glad my 13 y.o. daughter and 16 y.o. son have models like u. Thank u.
I think it is "This witch hunt and the specific witch from CA" are a waste of time and don't deserve answers to #FakeNews questions
Thank you.   Keep going!
Making his legal basis known may require his divulgence of classified information. Duh.
In fact he was not truthful in his testimony. That much was clear.
You're the only one doing your job and have garnered the respect of Florida! #kamala2020
even worst, he gets 3 scoops
I'm having trouble putting the way I feel about your questioning so I'll leave it to emojis ⚘⚘
let those without sin ......
I felt he truly and intentionally disrespected disrespected your ??? And time.
I can't describe my conversations with the defendant in case he decides to plead the 5th amendment.
So, this IS just a political witch hunt... Wow.  All about how it looks, nothing about the there not being there.
Absolutely unacceptable.....do they get to just make  up rules and laws as they go along?
You made an embarrassing ass out of yourself today infront of America. Surprise you didn't start to riot or lead a protest outside. Loser.
Clearly he drew out his answers to Dem posed questions. Cornyn & Cotton gave him cover. Complicit? #TrumpRussiaCollusion #SessionsHearing
It's unacceptable and scary how all the these crazies are playing the dumb card, he don't know the law and Trump don't know federal policy
Just keep your foot on his throat - he can run but he can't hide.
There is none. That's why.
Should have just pulled a Susan Rice and not showed up
Because she blabs like an attorney!!
AGSessions is NOT under investigation! NO evidence! 
She is rude and arrogant and NOT above the law!
She is an attorney dummy. And this is a congressional committee. 
AG of California!!!!
To be rude and obnoxious every time she questions someone?  She has NO manners whatsoever.
LOL!! That is so creepy.
He can't because he's a racist coward the GOP is full of nothing but racist men & women who accept their behavior it's pathetic so shameful
If you are the lefts Brighton rising star the right has nothing to worry about
Great job today, Kamala!
If you had let him respond perhaps he may have answered your questions! I guess you mother never taught you respect! #Sad
U need to ask ?'s, wait for a response. UR making stmts, grandstanding & looking for ur 15 mins! Ur conduct is not becoming or professional!
But was super acceptable for ALL the Obama Admin every time they did it? Lmao! Partisanship at its finest. Get off your high horse.
You scared the bejeezes out of him!  God forbid you should be a fast talker.
Kick ass, Senator. Hold these worms feet to the fire. Oops, worms don't have feet! Anyway, good job!
Keep up the good work Kamala
I'm a Democrat & confused! Why exactly is Sessions being questioned??? He's obviously not a Russian spy?
Or you to be cut off by the chair. Making the AG nervous is his problem.
Thank you for standing up and questioning Sessions without fear or favour.
Yep. You made him more nervous than ANY other member of the Senate Intelligence Committee.That was fun. "Is that a no?" 
Don't mistake arrogance for bravery all she did was show the nation her parents never taught her manners
No having lived under Jeff "Keebler elf" sessions in Alabama he's just an asshole. Trust me he's a racist klan lover
I believe you. Coretta Scott King wrote a letter about his history with racism. GOP ignored it!
Thanks for your excellent questioning. I'm concerned that the AG is not fit to serve since he can't seem to recall anything.
So then does that mean you also feel that way about Jeff sessions? Or does it only apply to women appointed by black guys?
Well, since Lynch is no longer serving, should Sessions resign?
Executive privilege is rendered meaningless if the holder of the privilege isn't given the opportunity to assert it.No written policy needed
Trump probably doesn't know the meaning of executive privilege. He thinks it means he get those two scoops of ice cream  !
You were awesome at the #SessionsHearings and made all Americans proud. Shame on your colleagues who cut you off.
Make that 2! She is despicable!
Far less than the 2 of you, sessions and that cabinet full of crumbs in the White House!!
Trump cultists only know worship, not critical thinking.
What's it like knowing that, for the second time, a failed republican businessman couldn't win the Pres without the EC? Dems just win.
He's not too smart, is he. We don't need a man like that for our AG.
Sessions sounds so incompetent. I think he should step aside because he has memory problem
His backwards approach to drug prosecutions is reason enough for Elmer Fudd to leave and go back to his kinfolk from when he came.
I was already incredibly proud to have voted for you; now all the more so! Thank you, and please keep fighting!
Yeah, keep alienating the people whose support you'll need, by all means.
Ah, Slick Willie.
You not letting him answer isn't evading
Thank you for representing all Americans. From NC I stand behind you. #SessionsTestimony #Resist #Kamala2020
Sessions legal basis is that he's nothing but an old "shyster," point blank plain and simple!!
What are you going to do about it?
@PoliticalAllie Thank you, Sen. Harris.

Why is it acceptable that democrats evade answering questions and always take the 5th? Sessions DID answer questions you just didn't like it
He dsn't want to.  That's his basis.  Focus on losing weight and growing your breasts or you'll never be president.
From a Disabled Veteran shut up and Support our President
What a shame that the Attorney General of the US gets "nervous" (his words) when asked hard questions by a skilled attorney.
They are ALL skilled attorneys. What Harris displayed was aggressiveness and she changed her question every 10 seconds. FAIL. Got nada.
He's UNQUALIFIED for the job.
More qualified than Lynch!
Its unacceptable & will be handled immediately by Madame POTUS

I can NOT wait to cast my vote for you as POTUS. It will take someone like you to fix the damage done by trump. #Kamala2020
I've been on the Kamala train for a while. She'd make a good one. There'll be lots of blowback though.
That's because this Country is even more misogynistic than it is racist.
I don't know that's a close race. I'm from the south. Women are definitely treated better than blacks.
I'm a woman from the south and we do just fine...so do my black friends. Ridiculous!
My relatives which happen to be females are doing Really well in the south
Shut up !!!!
5th Ammendment???? Ever heard of the constitution????
Trumps Clown  car is now the inmates running the asylum, with no end in sight
Surprising. Most Senators know their 5th Amendment protections backward and forward. It's the final for Corruption-Collusion 101.
I'm skeptical of his ability to serve our country well. Does he have undiagnosed ST memory loss?
It appears Jeff sessions doesn't know the law or he operates under alternative law he needs to resign
It is unacceptable that you would not SHUT UP long enough to allow him to answer the questions. You are a fool.
keep doing your thing Kamala.
I think he might be citing Chick v. Kenshytt
I just hope I live long enough to see you shushing these old farts. Keep up the good work!
Dont be intimidated by no one and the next time they interrupt you dont let them get away with it put your foot down.
We all hear your line of questions and constant interruption. You come off as COMPLETELY HARASSING and DISHONORABLE.
He was saying that if the pres wants to invoke executive privilege after he knows the questions that were asked of Seshy?
The president wasn't there to invoke any privilege. Stop misusing the law?!!!! @KamalaHarris  GET THESE CROOKS.
He couldn't name it cause it doesn't exist! He doesn't want 2 answer any questions so he claims there's a law protecting him but there isn't
You're behavior & rudeness is unacceptable!
Why? Because he didn't invoke the 5th 74 times like Lorreta Lynch?
I watched the whole thing yesterday.. And didn't see anything, Attorney General said,or done wrong!!
You are definitely drop dead gorgeous!
No kidding K, I so wanted you to tell Sessions ... "Do you want to call the President, we'll wait?" ... Mueller's Grand Jury will NOT abide.
I'd say more embarrassing than having trump as @POTUS but we kno its not possible.  If he can't remember crap then take his license away!
He shouldn't be there in the first place
He's not a very educated man for a lawyer
@JohnCornyn @tedcruz @RepKayGranger It is UNACCEPTABLE that enemies of AMERICA like this hack, continue to waste TAXPAYER $$$ on #WitchHunt
Yassss!!! Fully support you.
1/2 He's white they don't have 2 cite law it only has 2b cited 2 blacks & rarely do they do it then! It's who u no n USA
Oh I know I know!!! Incompetence incompetent AG Sessions is!!!
Your questioning was brilliant and skillful. I'm so glad I voted for you. You made me proud to be a Californian.
@dennistrainorjr also unacceptable: AG of CA refused to prosecute Mnuchin for illegally foreclosing on CA homeowners!!
You are terrific- keep it up!
Right?!?
It's insane!
Yet, how is it this and other behaviors by this Administration are allowed to go unchecked??
i do not know you and you are free to have your opinion but frankly I could not disagree with you more.
Was in unacceptable for then AG  Loretta Lynch to take the 5th for every answer? You fake outrage only when a Republican is being questioned
Please Persist @SenKamalaHarris.
We thought you did great and would be proud to support you as a presidential candidate in 2020 or beyond!
Total disrespectful.  That sure doesn't represent what the quality of an elected official should be.  She is simply trying to grandstand.
That's because he doesn't HAVE a legal basis.
NUTHIN BUT PRIDE! KAMALA
Because there is none.
And I quote... What at this point does it matter?
that's rich after the IT'S and Clinton investigations. You really are ignorant
IRS and Clinton email investigations and you come up that remark about Sessions? You really are ignorant!
We love you @SenKamalaHarris ..keep giving him hell with your questions
Among most basic legal principles: can't just refuse to answer "because." Amazed how many took that tact prior days.

Sessions AG? Come on.
Because chickenshit isn't a legal basis
Keep it up Kamala. A credit to your gender and party
It's the Unicorn Policy, but he can't recall it. H/T Martha Shaw #GOPHypocrisy Keep persisting Kamala. We Need YOU! @4HollyF
I would have loved to see you in action in a courtroom #crossexamination skills.
Sorry, but that's pretty lame. Why don't you ask him,
Confidentiality
I'm more concerned that he's lied under oath and nobody seems to remember/care.
What's the difference with @BetsyDeVosED ?? She was mistreated and harrased and not many coverage.
#hypocrite
Nothing wrong except with her except she is an ridiculous fool totally unqualified for the job- exactly what trump looks for.
Shush.
Hes a liar and has alreadycommitted perjury...guess hes trying to protect himself with a bogus policy
Remember Holder and Fast and Furious?  I do.
What is unacceptable is your reckless disregard for the law. Not to mention your abject hypocrisy. Get a clue wench.
Maybe you can get advice from Willie on how to get answers from a pol.
Don't back down Senator! Stay your ground! Fight for right!
The Chair has a Duty to maintain Decorum, just like a Courtroom. You know that and fail to maintain it.
The organized actions by the OC DA n elements of. So what now oh yea someone thinks hes in the running for Senator Feinsteins seat? Bullshit
You're my new crush!
It's unacceptable that he  has any legal basis for evading questions in the first place...
Had you been the only interviewer, you would have gotten information. You were amazing, the men need to take notes
Correct - obstruction b/c he has no legal basis !
Perhaps you should read US DOJ memos on the topic
You're one rude unhinged liberal. You looke like a nut job out of control. Go back to that shit state of CA. JIM
Agree
Seriously! The only proof I was expecting from him was a doctor's note saying he has dementia!
Trump should leave the White House in shame
Would you expect anything different from a trump administration
Kamala, you are  a new bee in Senate . Mr Sessions was vet Senator. You need to learn how to respect when talking with him.
And yet, entirely predictable.
it is also bad that Sen, Tom Cotton has taken in over 2 Million in BRBES from the NRA, hey you wonder why we have a gun problem in USA
Continue to make him uncomfortable! #LiarLiar
I'll name it for the evil little elf. It's called obstruction of justice by a tRaitor committing tReason @realDonaldTrump
Says the woman who slept her way up the ladder.

Whats good for the goose is good for the gander! How many times did the dems plead the 5th!?
In some "propper" social circles that would be called an unwritten rule. Clearly not the "propper" use of the behavior.
It's unacceptable that you didn't provide room in your question to actually get answered
Sessions is making it up as he goes along.  Just like the clown in chief.
You did as good a job as you were "allowed" to do. I see a bright future for you Madame Pres...Senator Harris.
Totally insane RIDICULOUS obviously the man is obstructing justice by impeding the investigation he should be hung out to dry.
Did you demand in writing that he produce the official document he cites?
There's a word for that -> Bullshit. They're all suffocating in it up there. He even sucked at lying about it. Not prepped!
There's something abt @jeffsessions dat qualifies him for a place in Trump's cabinet...'to the best of my recollection' is his stock-intrade
It is unacceptable that Mueller the Independent Counsel is a Democrat Hack!  Fire him and all left over Obama employees.
@SenKamalaHarris you are what is problem with the government.  Stop thinking you are doing a good job.
Probably mentioned before but he could have easily pled the 5th as the 2 former AGs did,  but protecting executive privilege isn't illegal.
It's unacceptable that Sessions wasn't found in Contempt of Congress for his evasions and deceptive answers.
Aren't you supposed to be a lawyer?  This is common sense.
2/2 Not what u know
I agree on #Sexism U were allowed 2 screech & lash out at #AGSessions acting arrogant & extremely rude,BECAUSE URa woman! Unacceptable! 
You just keep it up, Ms. Harris!  You are so good at what you do.  Shame on McCain for continuing to interrupt you.  We SEE!
With the @gop throwing fluff balls at him, why should #sessions tell anything?  Seems #burr was satisfied by #sessions testimony. A no win!
Didn't he claim the constitution allows for confidentiality in conversations with the president?
Only if the pres declares beforehand
I'm not even sure of the validity of Sessions's explanation. But he did give one.
Obfuscation has many iterations. In the end he's still bobbing and weaving to deny us the truth we expect and now have to demand
He also talks slowly. I was thinking we could learn more if he would pick up the pace.
I bet he can pick it up when he's talking to an uppity 'inferior'.  He got pretty excited defendin' his 'suthin honah' on the stand
Great job asking questions that pertain to the issues. You really showed them!! What a waste of time
You'd think he'd at least plead the 5th
Maybe it's just me but it sure sounded like the GOP threw only softball questions and Sessions answered like he was coached.
I want to be like you when I grow up!!!! #SuperWoman
*embarrassing
It is unacceptable you make a televised hearing your opportunity for "15 minutes."
The legal basis is "obstruction"
Can you not hold him in contempt?
Isn't wonderful to have an a deceitful liar as Attorney General?
You grilled him so well you shoulda worn an apron and poked him with big BBQ fork.  
You're pitiful
Neither could your girl Hillary or any one called to testify at her Senate hearing unless you  consider the 5th a good legal basis.
