I just had a living donor liver transplant in Canada to save my life from a rare, autoimmune bile duct disease (PSC). Did not pay a penny.
Someone paid
Yes the Canadian taxpayers. The huge majority of us don't mind either.
Not having to spend very much on defence probably helps.
Israel and Saudi Arabia spend the most per capita on the military, and they both have universal health care.
1) They are under constant siege from Palestine daily. Needing to spend more.
2) Population is minuscule compared to U.S.
   Israeli occupation is under constant siege from PALESTINE?  Ummm you have that backwards.
From your name, looks like you occupy gaza or say it is a good thing?
I'll be the part of the audience you lost.
When it comes to speaking up for affordable health care for the people and so infants like his son can have care, I think @jimmykimmel won
When he fails to mention that no child would ever be denied care for the condition his son had, truth loses.
No child is ever denied care but people go bankrupt in order to pay.
My....INSURANCE......would cover us.
Lucky you.
Weird how you have better luck when you accept responsibility.
This freaking guy has no freaking clue. not even Obamacare does what he advocates
Not sure which freaking guy you mean. Are you saying Obamacare doesn't protect children with preexisting conditions? You would be incorrect.
Also don't conflate insurance with subsidized care .Can you get ins. after you total your car? Fire ins. After your burns down?
If you don't have car insurance you can't drive. By that logic, inability to qualify for health insurance should preclude you from living.
Wrong car insurance is mandated to protect others not your self hence liability only insurance. Try again
Exactly, protect me from you hitting me.  Protect ME from YOU breathing on me & getting ME sick. You're missing a whole selfish side to this
No wrong again.focus and pay http://attention.Insurance  is to protect the person you hit not your self. That's y full coverage is optional
Yes, that's exactly what I'm saying. Liability protects the victim, & in my analogy that can go for health insurance too.
And he appears to be cracking himself up 
Give ‘em hell
You're a good man, Kimmel.
Who cares about your political view stop trying to push them on others we can all have our own thoughts without hearing from you go away!!
I hope folks are watching since the msm is not covering this!
Exactly right - screwed by them again!
Such a cute smile.
Drag 'em, Jimmy.
I would not be surprised to learn Health Care bill "supporters" are being bribed by health insurance companys!

!
No one gives a shit about what you think
We think you are amazing Jimmy! Thank you for standing up for Americans and everyone else! You give us hope and laughter! #Trumpsucks!
Looking forward to hearing this!
So adorable and happy to be with his daddy!  Congratulations!
That is a moment to treasure  your little guy is so cute
Looking forward to seeing you. Don't let Cassidy/Grahm use your good name to justify their mean-spirited healthcare bill.
What a beautiful baby!I am so happy for you and your family
Why do you need the Gov to care for the poor? Jerry Lewis raised 2.5 billion for his charity, Stop bitching and get going #GrahamCassidy

being female over 50 made me a preExcondition. ACA cured me. trumpcare=gas chamber GOP=deathpanel
Can Billy be on the show while you do it? He's adorable!
No wonder it sucked
@jaketapper @BillCassidy @LindseyGrahamSC Sorry that it's so personal, but thank you for speaking out! You go, Billy!
So deeply sorry about my senator and pledge to do what I can to unseat him next election.
2018 can't come soon enough!!
Cassidy is up in 2020.
K, 2020 can't come soon enough! Also I hope his constituents harass him daily. I hope they make his life miserable. He's nothing but a LIAR.
If Canadians can do it, so can the United States.The proportions of income tax may vary but it's doable, especially if pharma is  willing.
Adorable
Provide We, the People with same quality health care that Congress...receive or have them take what everyone else gets!  Single Party Payer!
Billy's adorable!
Is "Billy" your code name for @SenSchumer?
Always important to have that red sharpie on the ready. #borntoedit
Time to Rise! Why are Politician$...Congre$$, $enate..."entitled" to lengthy recesses along with huge $alarie$, lifetime benefit$ & perk$?
My desk is messier. Just saying...
please don't give up on health care for americans
off topic, but I love that mac stand. I have the same one.  A neck saver.
If the bill allows state government to decide then what is the problem? You live in the city, state of your choice. Then everyone is happy
In our country not everyone will be happy with any outcome. Therefore,  live in the city and state that works best for you or your values.
Wildlife migrates to the climate it can survive in. I've moved everywhere NY/GA/CA/IL. Find what you like but don't try and change others U
You have an entire CVS on your desk... Jesus!
I love when people stand up for what's right! God bless you and Billy and the rest of your family Jimmy! love you man! You rock!
Lotta lotion on that desk Jimmy...lotta lotion
You have Sean Spicer booked AGAIN on Friday.
Please, no
Yes.
Ugh
Enjoy that beautiful baby!!! Everyone should have healthcare it should be a given right. It's not negotiable.
The GOPhas proven time and again that they don't care about people, it's all about politics as usual with them! #Resist #GrahamCassidyBill
I would bet that it is 100% better than what you have been trying to write...nothing but insult the Potus 24/7..grow up
Billy is the cutest. Thanks for speaking up, Jimmy.
I think Billy would write a better healthcare bill than @GOP.
Jimmy please implore @SenJohnMcCain @sen @lisamurkowski  to #SaveACA  #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
It's a GrahamCassidHeller bill! Dean Heller, the senator Trump threatened on national TV. Come to Vegas! We need all the help we can get!
Thanks. My son also born with birth defects..cleft palate/lip and hydrocephalus. #noGrahamCassidy
13 yrs old...14 surgeries. #noGrahamCassidy
Thank you, Billy. So many people & families are worried they won't be able to get healthcare anymore. Lots of babies & grownups need care.
Hopefully you and Billy can urge peopke to research this horrid bill, form an opinion, and call MOC's and Governors!
Sending condolences from Barbados.
You buy your insurance and I'll buy mine, simple as that, no need for the Feds to mandate it which happens to be unconstitutional.
Billy should join you during the monologue! 
Make #GrahamCassidy see Billy and Republican Senators vote their conscious,  what's left.
I guees he is yours because is a funny looking kid.
There are times in one's life that can change the world. Your voice can. No pressure. You got this shit.
Watch: Jimmy Kimmel to give monologue tonight on #GrahamCassidy repeal bill.

#ProtectOurCare #SaveACA #VoteNo https://twitter.com/jimmykimmel/status/910241650701508609 …
Thank you Jimmy, and Scott for reporting this. Cassidy and Graham, I used to think you were honorable republicans. Not now.
Obama and the democrats got us together into this problem
Yes, because the democrats believe healthcare is a right.
You go, Billy!  
Scary that a health data "expert" would actually tweet this. Hopefully you were being facetious and/or thought it was rather cute
We stand with you! It's not a privilege to have healthcare in the USA it's a right!!
Uhhhhh.... it's not in the constitution therefore it is not a right.
Ha ha idiots rule
Here use these facts for your monologue please ! Crime rate goes down and Productivity goes up !
When the AHCA was fully funded and growing, and the GOP wasn't killing the plan the Crime rate went down in almost very major city.  /1
The AHCA was the GOP-proposed health care plan that was blocked.  Did you mean the ACA ("ObamaCare")?
GOP Systematically killed AHCA which is O'Bama care by killing funding for locations and staffing to signup in states with GOP governors.
ACHA is the American Health Care Act of 2017.  ACA is  Affordable Health Care (ObamaCare).  GOP undermined and sabotaged the ACA!!
I meant Affordable Care Act - Obama Care but I was more concerned with data accuracy from Economist Site; crime decrease from 2010 to 2014.
Take his job please
Stop lying about your healthcare and pimping out your child for political points and ratings...
Deep thoughts, without knowledge.  Did you ever address your misstatement about sunlighting the appropriations?
Thank you Jimmy
Great picture. 
Where's Chuck?
So glad to see he is going great!  I agree with you 100%.  I had a hip replaced 11 years ago at 40 expect I may have to have one in 10 year
How refreshing to see this little guy smiling! He is a beautiful boy.
The only thing you know about heathcare, is what Chuck Schumer tells you. Be honest with your audience. You are a Liberal hack.
Page 4 thru 5
Pay for my healthcare costs. I have paypal, and I am waiting.
When I was 34, my daughter was 4, I got some of the worst news anyone can get. Until the age of 15,the only mother my daughter really knew
Was one in the hospital for transfusions, chemo, test, biopsies, cat scans,mri's, exploritory surgery. 11 years of her life was me just
Trying to live, to take the next breath. If not for Insurance I would be dead. First my employer, then I maxed out of coverage & had to
Try for Medicaid, then onto full out disability.  The amount of guilt I felt, out right shame, no one can imagine. Depression clouded every
Moment of my life. I had to survive for my daughter, but I was raised by a Marine & I cannot explain how I felt I had let my nation down.
I had tried,all my life to do what was right, early graduate from high school,early graduate from the University, that was how I was trained
I still, at moments feel shame, but therapy is helping with that. You have to undergo therapy to be a transplant recipient. So once again
I feel guilt, but if u asked me if I would change it?  I would have 2 say no. My daughter turned 21 Sunday, I fought for years for that. How
yeah I'm sure that's your desk LOL come on brah stop pretending to be man of the people
Give that No-Good Nutria hell, Billy!
And PLEASE don't let your daddy cry; it's contagious, & I'm low on tissues (don't ask). #CecilRedux
He's so cute! He looks like Molly! 
I follow you, my mistake! Yes, it's political and you're no longer relevant, or funny. #TRUMP #MAGA
Yeah you're a real fan of Jesus...
Go get 'em Jimmy & Billy!!
Maybe next time, get Billy to do some fact checking, since you clearly did not.
Oh yes, pls do. we are all going to be hurt by this cut throat piece of (bleep) the Republicans call a health care bill.
#RansomCare
What a sweetie!! With that beautiful smile he'll be on TV with his dad one day!!  Hope he's doing well!! 
He's so darn CUTE! Thanks for championing the healthcare cause. #Healthcare #ACASavesLives
Looks like he just wrote a good joke! So cute! L'Shana Tova
He looks like a happy baby. What about you? Do you get a lot of heartburn???
More hosts/entertainers need 2 b like u. Rather than bash @realDonaldTrump, Talk about how Republicans are trying to screw Americans over!
You were great last night. It's about time a light gets shone on these assholes that are trying to kill off the most vulnerable among us.
What a cute little guy!
keep being a godd person bro happy to see your baby smiling
love the creative clutter.  baby is too cute!
Outfits Coordinated!
Thank you! You're a patriot -
*puppet
Jimmy all children are covered by state run programs if their parents are poor. Dolt
You did good Dad, real good!
How is he doing? Is he well?
What a dear little boy!  A lovely picture!  Thank you for speaking out, Jimmy!
The GOP plan doesn't need to pass the Kimmel test to get into college, Daddie will get them in.
We don't have universal health care because politicians are corporate sell outs. They steal and lye, that's it.
Billy is a cutie. Will be watching tonight.
What a a Dad!
Nuff said!
That little boy is precious!
What a precious, precious little boy.
Oh my, what a cute baby! He looks so happy! 
Love when you get political. That shirt is dicey tho.
You're deluded.
Don't forget to mentions that chuck schumer also helped you.
Beautiful baby!
That baby! So much cute!
"Helping..."? I heard from Frederick Douglass that Bill writes the lion's share of the jokes that kill. 

But whatever, man.
Cassidy & Graham couldn't care less about the health needs of all of us. They are deplorable and disgusting!
Jimmy... don't forget to eat n rest... if you go down, we lose your voice. thanks for stepping up!
He's mind-controlling your scripts. Obviously. Judging from the smile.
Looking at you @BillCassidy 
Shame on you, shame
He's a happy camper
Obamacare-subsidized losers love it! EVERYONE else who PAYS for their's HATES IT. Producers again lose out to the takers.
Oh my goodness, Billy has just the cutest smile 
Awwww...look at your little boy.  WHO WOULD HAVE DIED had you not been his Father & could afford h/c, unlike millions of others who may not
How about your thoughts on that pile of garbage #Obamacare
That kid needs a raise.
This bill needs to die, so real people won't. #TrumpcareIsDeath just not for the people who decide our fates. Thank you for speaking out.
Please focus on the "care" part and how much more care the rich will be able to buy with the tax cuts they'd get if this bill passed.
This needs attention
Aw! Just look at the cute smile. Yes Jimmy you're cute too in an unshaven way. Love you 
Is that shirt from a Seinfeld episode? Beautiful boy.
Hey Jimmy, I’ve had to put off two surgeries that I desperately need because I can’t afford the co pays. Still paying off my Cancer surgery
Nice to meet you little happy Billy
Yea  little Jimmy-daddys awesome! Wait until Potas fans cant afford healthcare and realize their hat $ paid for potas& jrs crim attny bills!
Thanks for fighting publicly. Hope ur boy continues to improve
Go for it, Jimmy and Billy!
C'mon Jimmy, you're allowed to have an opinion just like me, but you're a comedian and I'm an enviro. guy.  Nobody cares.
You the man Jimmy
You go guys!
Lying @BillCassidy willing to let Americans die so Koch brothers get tax cut and GOP gets campaign money
here is next Cat 5 Catastrophe... see @NaomiAKlein shock doctrine. why do our own officials hate us? always use anything I tweet freely.
Mooooooore fake news from butt-hurt lefties
What a cute little guy. I know he'll get the best care possible but thank you for your voice for those who won't get coverage.
Thank you Billy for speaking out!  You're a courageous little guy
Remember when Kimmel's job was being funny? Yea, me neither...
Ya bc you need free HC making 40 million a year lol
The lobby is doing a great job in Washington, The politicians  do not work to improve the conditions of the people only interest... $$$.
Yes because i rather get an opinion on HC from a late night comedian than an actual DR. who helped craft the bill?

Is that b4 or after u got the talking points from @SenSchumer to write about? #cahoots
I used to watch your show to laugh. Now it's like watching NBC Nightly News with some zingers sprinkled in.
Billy is so cute and growing! Give them he'll Jimmy. I'll  be waiting!
Thank you for speaking out about this awful bill that will hurt millions
So u think socialized medicine is the answer, huh--& that it works great-no rationing of care? How did it work for Charlie Gard's parents?
Let them have it Billy!
Go get em Billy and Jimmy! Adorable baby!
My nephew passed away today at 4 months old from a rare heart condition.  Thank you.  You have no idea how much.
14 years ago.
Baby Billy is beautiful...
#GrahamCassidy
Must be good...he's laughing 
Your baby looks happy and safe. Good job on the ACA Speech
Jimmy, you're not using that stand right.
If u could ask @SenatorCollins @SenJohnMcCain & @lisamurkowski to vote no again that would be great  wonderful to see happy healthy Billy
@jimmykimmel: Call volume is reportedly light this time around. Please urge viewers to call their Senators!
Love you Jimmy Kimmel! Bless you , your son & your whole family! Don't listen to haters. You are beautiful & brave! #dotardsheeplie
Hollywood elite, clueless. My son is a firefighter works three jobs can't have healthcare because of the #ACA you have money he doesn't.
Don't forget your precious vaccines. #merp #justkidding #dont #itsnottoolate #cdcwhistleblower #vaccinesarepoison
At least someone looks happy at work!
Looks like the kid wrote a funny bit!
Ppl like me fallG through the cracks, I already have NOTHING! https://www.gofundme.com/gf-me-u-mtyt4  For 2 yrs now #QualityOfLife destroyed #GrahamCassidy
Thank you, from another CHLA heart center patient parent!
Enjoy you and your humor, but very disappointed that u 
 blasted Bill Cassidy in your rant on national TV without getting the facts correct
you are on the wrong side of this discussion, but then, if I had your money, I would say whatever I want, like you do.
Look at that smile on that beautiful baby!
Guess who won't have the guts to watch? The one and only death eater, lyin' @BillCassidy. Let's give him a warm welcome!
........
Graham-Cassidy not only fails the Jimmy Kimmel test, it also fails to cover Americans w/ pre-existing conditions #ProtectOurCare
Sorry but that Billy is a looker. What a gem. Blessings and destroy #GrahamCassidyBill
Your precious baby is just beautiful!! I'm sure he will be eloquent in his appeal to #SaveACA!!! Thankyou for letting him speak! #SaveACA
My Zoe and Millions of other premature babies like her, Thank you from the bottom of their tiny hearts . Keep up the pressure, we need you!
Goooooo Zoe!!!!
thanks - it matters
I guess when they say MAGA, what really meant killing off people that are sick and elderly.
@MrJamesonNeat @BillCassidy @LindseyGrahamSC Sqeee! Billy is adorable!!! Trump care is #DeathCare
