Better headline: GOP attempts to gain membership in Club of Pure Evil once again by attempting to destroy lives of millions.
 Winey liberal.
* whiney

Us liberals value education buddy.
No, you value hate, meanness, idiotic "free everything" killing babies & cops, intolerance.  THAT'S what #liberals value dudette.  #SAD
Don't forget avarice.
when will the @GOP get that their job is to make life better for all their constituents and not just the wealthy ones?
Never, their job is to protect their wealth and privilege from the hordes.
When will most representatives realize that tweaking HC here and there will never fix it? #UniversalHealthCare is the only answer!
They have no intention of fixing it. They just want the money.
Fix=moving services for citizens/customers to free up money for ins, drug, and hc companies and off-setting that savings with tax cuts. YEP!
They want poor ppl to die off so theirs less Dem voters against them.
True but the poor Whites voted for Trump
My favorite
Maybe when they get sick and have to use the same health care as us regular people. Or maybe not, if they are rich.
 Let Mitch McConnell go on #Trumpcare! Let #GOP go on Trumpcare! We DONT WANT Trumpcare. We want affordable healthcare! #ProtectOurCare
How much $$$ did they take from insurance companies? Lets make that public.
Madam President
They'll "get it" if they're forced to use this insurance for their own family.
On the 32nd day of Neverwary.......
They never will. That's why they need to be elected out of office! Vote People! 2018 is closer than you think.
Not untill they are all VOTED OUT
Because it isn't off their table, and if THEY were going to be subjected to this plan themselves the picture would change quickly.
Wow, a reasonable thought.  Nice!
This shouldn't even be a fight. It's unscrupulous. Do Republicans listen to themselves and what they are considering? It's beyond shameful.
12k in unpaid medical bills on my desk from an uninsured dead heart patient.Who is paying those bills? NOBODY! Drs. & Hospital on the hook
Only 12K? They must've died while sitting in the emergency room.
Republicans are CRUEL.  They care about nothing but their power through their rich donors.  period.

When will Republican voters get that @GOP doesn't give a shit about them unless they're rich?
I'm still waiting for this treacherous lump of sewer scum to apologise to HER President, for calling him a liar on the Wiretapping Scandal.
Will Belive it's the last try 4 years from now. @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @VP won't give up. They R Inhumane, Un-Christian & heartless.
We don't care about you 
Existing conditions is NOT off the table Educate yourself and listen to what your President is saying.
Probably not until they're all voted out of office for doing so.  So, let's just throw it out there: never.
Let's go a bit further and say that anything these clowns submit is off the table! Their plan is to blame it all on Obama in years to come!
What gave people a sense of relief, it was no pre-existing conditions or lifetime caps. I was self-employed b4 ACA - I know
They don't want to get it, they're determined to destroy 44s accomplishments. They don't care!
October 1st.
They won't because the @gop is only out to support Trump's crazy and shifting agenda. Need to realize his 'base' really is brainwashed.
Well spoken and so correct. Thanks Kamala.
If you look at the surcharges and you multiply that by number of patients they can generate with the help of PCPs, we're talking real money.
Republicans seem so determined to kill people for the sake of their own pocketbooks.
Not sure they care unless it affects them
When will all concede that health insurance isn't health CARE, it's gambling on how sick you might get.
When will Dems realize IGNORING WORKING AMERICANS is off the table? WE CAN'T AFFORD OC deductables- Don't See Docs- Won't B Able 2 WORK!
Is it "one last time" though, or are they simply going to keep repackaging the same foul recipe and market it as a totally new product?
Probably never. Is it a Neverland possibility that Trump would veto the bill if it were passed?
Only if someone was willing to give Cheetolini an all out kiss ass verbal B.J.
You may be right. Just chalk it up to my vivid imagination.
When it affects them directly, when they are subject to the same health care plan they are creating for the masses.
Kamala your destroying Ca. Don't do the same to the entire country.
When will #America realize you're nothing but a hate mongering power-hungry liberal who does not really give a  about Americans?!  NOW!
@miamidecor @politico Unless you're a soulless #WhiteSupremacist w/blood on your hands evry1 contributes somthg2B respected
They won't!
Talk about r____  what a facade out govm is
HELP !!!!!  
You will be covered
Republican Health Care
When the party finally implodes.
Republicans health care plan will take you for a ride
Jerry brown has it right, cave dwellers is being generous
never! they only care about thier corporate buddies that give them millions of $. McConnell in the biggest loser in history of the Senate!
One last time? They will never stop!
@SenateMajLdr The Gangsta Turtle gang is at war with America, stabbing the working class in their backs again and again
When there's a rope around their necks at the gallows for the tReason they've all committed @GOP is slow
..and cut off all that campaign money? No chance!
IN #2018
GOP is paid off by insurance companies, that's why
Suck it Mitch. If there's a hell below you're sure gonna go.
GOP recognize their tax plan will result in huge deficit.  They need to gut health care to pay for it.  #Twisted
When will you realize Republicans don't care, Democrats always trying to play nice
Please let this be true, this is so anxiety producing for those of us with health concerns! #protectourcare
Don't forget voting machine fraud within the US!
Kamala Harris 2020!!!!!!!!!!!
Preach, Deborah!! #Harris2020 #flywithkamala
God bless @SenKamalaHarris
Never. GOP always has pre-existing in the mix. When will we stop expecting less?
@gop gop thinks its nazi germany...how dare they plot aca destruction behind closed doors like a bunch of theives...
Maybe they'll get it when they stop exempting themselves & have to take part in whatever coverage they saddle the public with. #savetheaca
#TrumpsAWhiteSupremacist #Resistance
McConnell may as well retire !  The vote will go against them again with some surprise no votes
Oh oh. Looks like McCain's giving in  Says he’s comfortable w/Graham-Cassidy bill, if AZ GOVNR signs off on it. SMH
They are not the smartest bunch but come on, we shouldn't have to tell them so often! Keep up the great work Kamala!
And why can't @SenateMajLdr worry abt that for Americans?  Is he so deep in pocket of insurance & pharmacy companies?  He has pre-exist cone
So this is how GOP plans to reduce expenditures in order to make themselves look good. Do it on the backs of the elderly.
They obviously don't care about or represent their constituents. They represent donors and lobbyists. They are despicable.
Why is this living Corpse McOnell still working in Washington ?
When the mid term takes the power away or he's impeached indicted or jailed it will all stop
I thought that last time was the last time, and they couldn't bring a simple maj vote on ACA until next year?
They never will. We know it's all about them. Not good health care for America.
My 63 year old husband was just diagnosed with 2 types of cancer. Losing his ACA policy will kill him. Plain and simple. #SavetheACA
@gmo1stmimi ... AFFORDABLE,  GOVERNMENT HOME!
@SENKAMALAHARRIS @NAACP @MAXINEWATERS @NANCYPELOSI @HILLARYCLINTON @MADDOW @JOYANNREID @ACLU
@gmo1stmimi ... and injury?  At HOME.  @SecretaryCarson has to get AMERICA back in the business of providing unique,  and beautiful...
When we vote them all out of office!
https://www.facebook.com/groups/buffooninchiefdonaldtrump/permalink/366311073829668/ …

Unfortunately the dont give a shit if you cannot donate 1/2 a million to their PACs
You either can't read or are a liar. Its not an issue Dems who RUINED healthcare should sthu b/c as usual their idea FAILED...KILL OBAMACARE
Thank you Senator Harris, so proud you represent me.
More #DeathThreats against the American people. Claimed ACA had death panels. Truth is they want wholesale murder w/torture first. #GOPKills
THEY DONT CARE! #taxcutsforthewealthy
McConnell has too much to lose not to push this terrible plan thru.  Stop him Kamala.
Hard to teach an old dog new tricks
That will never happen. They are owned.
I hope it is off the table. Going back to high risk pools and extreme premiums hurts us all - many ppl right away, most ppl eventually.
My Sens are Sasse&Fischer(I know this is a lot to ask), Will you ask them to give up a kidney if my 1 goes out & pay 4 expenses? If ,in pen
If  give them the , from me, of course. Two, if you wouldn't mind. Thanks for all you do!
When Democrats get that me having no insurance at all because of Obamacare is something I'm not going to accept.
It's not.it's actually the legs of their plan. In all their iterations this foundation never changed.they just put different table cloths on
Well, how else can they proceed w tax cuts for the 1% ?
They won't, Senator.  They live in some alternate universe where the unfortunate do not exist.  Nor do the poor, nor people of color.
Knowing Obamacare is a mess would it be too much to ask if everyone in congress got together to fix it or does the #Resistance forbid it?
Not a Federal issue. Please read 10th Amendment
When maybe it happens to them.
@gmo1stmimi @SenJohnMcCain knows people their health care guaranteed especially in crisis situations! Where do people recover from illess...
Every American is covered by civil defense - why is healthcare any different? Everyone should have healthcare coverage - bc it can be done.

When pigs fly, would be my guess...
AMEN! Got laid off in 2008. Couldn't buy insurance at ANY price because of a cyst!! Real reason: woman almost 50.
@gmo1stmimi REPUBLICANS , please don't jeopardize the protections WE need for our pre-existing conditions! @SenKamalaHarris @MAXINEWATERS
Nana would say the elderly have steps closer  to the Grave than not. You are a cruel senior citizen that should know better.
These bozo's gotta go.....Healthcare/Education for all, what leader doesn't want a healthy well educated populous ?
Never!  They'll just keep looking for ways to try to disguise it.
GOP ARE EVIL TRAITORS
When you finally get that as a country we can not afford "free healthcare" for everyone, on top of entitlements, handouts and other freebies
#IAmAPreexistingCondition. We are all #pre-existing conditions.
They never will. It's not in their DNA to give a shit about anyone but themselves.
They are not about or for Americans. They are for themselves! The swamp is flooded!!
What part of "NO!" do they not get?
As long as they have the table it will be on the table.
Those fellers are just insane. STOP @GOP
@juneday864 @politico Brand it Trumpcare 3.0!
I thought the last time, was the last time. When the heck will it be the last time? They are sick with greed, for their tax cuts.
N E V E R. When ins, oil, and mining corps fund the state and national GOP puppets, we already know who they represent.
Somehow, Senator, I think 50 of 'em plus the convict VP are gonna show shortly only one pre-existing condition needs coverage — WEALTH.
When they consider people before profit
when will their constituents stop voting for them?
Maybe when it directly affects someone they love...then, maybe never.  SAD
Yes! People get sick and have disabilities. Shit happens but they shouldn't be punished or put down like a dog! Stop taking lives for $$$
Um when John McCain rejoins them cuz he already proved his point. Berniecare is a greedy miscalculation and pipe dream. Hail Mary pass
When all the poor people are dead.
For Rs, NOTHING is off the table, Kamala.
When we boot them all out of office.
I don't know how they sleep at night?! Heartless. @SenateMajLdr @LindseyGrahamSC @SenateGOP
Go, @SenKamalaHarris, go! Be the laser beam!
What insurance can you buy after the fact - NONE! I should NOT have my family funds stolen to redistribute and pay for others!!!!
I guess you'll have to keep showing them by VOTING NO again and again.Until we regain majority in 2018
Maybe they think if keep trying to repeal they'll wear us down. ppl get tired of this, won't call & tell them to vote no & so it will pass
One party of our government is actively at war with its constituents. @GOP ought to be labeled a hate group!
Stop this insanity please!
They don't understand anything that doesn't benefit them the most
This guy is a horrible person and should be indicted for sabotaging Americans. He hasn't done work for 8+ years & should be fired.
Also remember you helped Idiot Bernie Trample the issue of "repair" by driving republicans further away from the table.
Very disapointed in Harris. Thought she'd be great Senator. 8 mos in office, she's jumped on the Bernie Titanic and prob running for Prez.
Never. As long as the rubes among their base vote against themselves, What point is there in caring
How much time and energy have these folks wasted trying to hurt 32 million of us
Is being alive a preexisting condition? Kate and Jamiel were alive before your stupid policies.
And if they don't they will try again and again until the poor die off. There should be rules against a Gov. out to do harm to the people.
Shouldn't being a heartless clown(politician)be a pre-existing condition?  Oh I forgot none of this affects them or their families
This is getting old!! When will @GOP understand that millions of 's will be left without any coverage at all!! Demand CBO score.
Never
Mitch has to go.
They'll never get it, and I have a sinking suspicion Graham-Cassidy will pass.
One last time????? These ass****s NEVER STOP. Hope McConnell & Ryan burn in hell together.
Let's ask every Senator to voluntarily (respecting HIPAA) reveal their own pre-existing conditions. How would they survive without insurance
Ridiculous, when it comes to health, life is a pre-existing condition.
Never. They hated the war on poverty. They want to turn back the clock.
Let this sink in @SenateMajLdr that you backing up @realDonaldTrump on anything is not wise. Repugnants are outnumbered by the people.
I have 2 teens born with hearing impairment One also has Type 1 Diabetes. What will happen to them when they are on their own? I'm afraid.
I wish I knew. The Republicans don't care at all about Americans with pre-existing conditions. It's absolutely reprehensible!
Stay focused on saving & improving ACA,NOT on Bernie's plan!  Bipartisan support exists & we'll lose it with #BerniePlan @OccupyDemocrats
I don't support it. Does that count?
Didn't think so.
:-(
I hope you're right, it's so scary.
They get it just fine. They don’t care because their real bosses pay them and they serve the 1%
Let's Hurt 20 million Vulnerable American s The Mitch McConnell Plan To Lose The Senate and House in 2020 !Andrew and I agree @PreetBharara
Do we have the "No" Votes?
Wasting wasting wasting time & taxpayer money!
They are to focus on destroying Obama care.
What does it matter what is on the table when the Democrats are powerless in this ridiculous process?
He's the Devil in disguise
Looks like never, UGH. We shld focus on educating GOP voters - nah, won't work. Maybe a catchy phrase & Cambridge analytica can help.
Having 5th heart surgery in morning at #Vanderbilt in Nashville. 2, 3 1/2, 6, 42 & 55. Dad passed at 56. Thinking too much. #MAGA #DumpTrump

This is my Indivisible Action - thank you for voting against the Graham/Cassidy ACA.Please encourage your R colleagues to vote NO
Will McCain now flop back & vote to take away healthcare from millions? And Mitch seems anxious for Trump to like him better than Chuck.
I know your question is rhetorical, but the answer is never.
speak to the middle class. When will they learn that screwing the MC for corp profits is off the table? #antiGOP
Kampala I understand your opinion but you need to allow insurance access all states. We do not need the government to be our insurance
!
They might as well spit in those Americans faces with pre-existing. Because that's what there doing trying to repeal..
Mitch trying to save his job. This will be awful if fellow republicans feel sorry for him. We KNOW almost all of them don't care about us.
I used to think it was just greed, plain and simple. Now it's becoming apparent that the GOP is "stuck on stupid."
All Repubs are thinking about is to undo anything that President Obama had anything to do with. Repubs couldn't care less about constituents
Thank you. I am one. I'm not asking for special privilege. I'd just like to know I can continue my  insurance!
Genocide...another name for keeping people with existing conditions not getting the healthcare they need.
when they fail at another vote to repeal ACA, maybe, their hate for Obama is strong.
This provision scares me most. Basically, having a vagina is a preexisting condition under this bill, and any woman can be denied coverage.
CALL! CALL! CALL! Your senators! #SavetheACA
And stop legislating with your emotions and start doing your Job!  #leaveemotions@thedoor
They never said they would change preexisting conditions. Stop the bs
Their Corporate Masters that give them bags of money stop being stop letting them do it. Anytime you take that you don't serve us.
Thank you, Senator.  I am one of those people.
Not a selling point to the insurance company's perhaps ?
They so "extremely thick headed"!
They want to cut healthcare so they can give tax cuts to their billionaire friends.
We need to get rid of these old senile man. They are out of touch with Americans.
