You mean like the way that you've played politics with the lives of American kids MURDERED by ILLEGAL ALIENS Senator? How many more lives?
They should stop playing politics we ALL immigrants! Is our lives is been played.
I believe Trump did exactly what needed to be done.  He threw the ball into Congress' Court for them to take action.  POTUS doesn't make law
How. CRUEL U ARE to reward illegal activity as millions wait YEARS to immigrate LEGALLY!
And still waiting to adjust Status. We need a reform! And change the immigration system, how can a life be put on hold for 20 years?!
I'm before the Dreamers, was brought at the age of 10, graduated from Cal State LA, have a petition from my mom from 20 years
The ball is in the House and Senate...Im dying to see how effecient you can be. You drag your feet when you want to.
Thank you senator for standing up for these young people.
You need to stop paying politics PERIOD and focus on your job. Fix this country get the debt under control budget balanced+security
@SenKamalaHarris if you are going to support #DACA make sure you have housed these kids in your own home during your political career.
Guess your party should have thought of that when the act was passed in a temporary condition... NOW its Trumps fault? Typical, kick the can
Tell that to our supposed commander in chief @realDonaldTrump
Attorney? You took an oath to uphold our laws & Constitution. What are you doing now? What law do you want?
When #DefendDACA works

Credit goes to:
@TheDemocrats
progressives
liberals
activists
#TheResistance
State AGs

Do NOT credit:
@GOP
Trump
Keep fighting you are the best congresswoman in the US! #DefendDREAMers
Good point STOP PLAYING POLITICS PERIOD DO YOUR JOB STOP PLAYIBG GAMES.  ALL OF YOU.  GET TO WORK
Hey Bonehead, the ball is in Congress' court. Now shut up and do your job. Try and make this Socialist Democratic plan Constitutional legal.
Yet, you're playing politics with these kids. And refusing to uphold your oath to defend duly passed laws.
Deport Trump.
I suspect that Trump will use them as blackmail with Mexico for the wall. The wall would probably cost Mexico less than an 800,000 influx
They are not kids, all in their late 20's early 30's hardly a kid.
Are the dreamers mostly non-whites?
Is this a serious question? The DACA recipients are Mexicans who were raised in the US since childhood. Their parents were not legal.
Trump did this to fund the wall
So what, at least it's a win win.. Obama just used them for votes with this temporary DACA
I agree, stop playing with people for votes where were you last year, or the year before. your thinking of yourself and using DACA for votes
Only reason Harris cares is for the votes, gimme a break.. they did nothing for years
Go pass legislation, it isn't hard!!!
You should have thought about that 5 yrs ago
Trump has so many people walking on egg shells. In his own words, "If it's possible, could you tell me if I'm under investigation?"
You have to obey the law. Not emotional communist lies.
How about we have got to stop playing politics and start governing like people in fact matter.
obeying the constitution is not playing politics.
No "we" this is all on the Pussygrabbers!
Yes. Good, productive, American raised kids. How could any leader be so cruel? #DACA #SaveDACA
Tell that to Obama.
Saw u on Lawrence O'Donnell last night! I was impressed with u before that but more so now! #ur amazing!
Are you referring to Jamiel Shaw
You're right! Taking advantage of Dreamers for their vote is shameful! See your state on this map? I do!
I'm waiting for you to stop playing politics. Let me know when you think that will happen
I agree. Ship em out first thing tomorrow. . They can fly their green and Red flag colors with pride then.
You have to.
I'm sorry if it looks like a duck, act like one it still is one. Racism is live and well in the white house.
Anyone can say they are Dreamer... can't prove otherwise...that's the problem.
You're so selfless leveraging this for your upcoming run.
What is tweeting about Republicans, if not "playing politics"?
yes and nobody is going to stop playing politics
That's exactly what you are doing right now. Your party has historically politicized them. Prove me wrong, tell them to vote republican.
Offer to trade your congress seats to republicans for full amnesty for those present along with border wall funding if they aren't pawns.
Offer to surrender all your earnings above the AVERAGE US wage, not MEDIAN, to immigrant programs if they aren't your political cash cow.
Humans are not poker chips.  You know the only reason this is on the table is because President HAS to win something and he used them. Sick.
You have that wrong.. Democrats are the one using ppl, not TRUMP.. if they really cared it wouldn't have been temporary
Maybe you'll do something other than spout nonsense and platitudes.  Shut your gob and introduce legislation.  That is your job. end #daca
Keep playing politics with these kids lives and they will show you how the game is played. #DACA #TPS #FightLikeHell
Yes indeed, save the democratic voters so they can elect us back and become our slaves again.
Please start a movement to end this debacle!
@SenKamalaHarris If you and Congress did your job years ago we wouldn't be in this mess!
I thought you took an oath to uphold the law and constitution. Guess your oath is worthless.
most taxpayers do not want to pay for a wall. Trump and Rep. shouldn't be holding them hostage for his wall
Yes, you should do that.  Let's all follow the Constitution and the rule of law and stop using emotion to justify wrong actions.
stop playing Politics Kamala, Pres. Obama created this mess acting as King Obama after admitting more than 22 x's he can't make laws he did!
Yes he did but this old slut Harris just riles up her base because they're too stupid to know the difference.
same as Schummer today; Pres. Trump "what he has done is heartless and brainless".  He's just pissed he will have to do his job & pass Leg.
You think they will stop just bc you say. Think again
Stop playing politics? you dems had years to fix this but all of a suddennnnn
So what are you going to do? Time to get at it.
Too bad you don't have the same thought and care for American kids. By the way, avg DACA is no longer a kid. We are talking adults.
Now it's time Congress get's off their incompetent ASS' and get Immigration reform done! this is only the hack @BarackObama fault!
As a refugee, to immigrant, to green card holder, I applaud your work and your integrity. DACA dreamers deserve a chance!!
The timing on this is suspect, why did it expire in the in the next admin? was it a @BarackObama landmine in case H-> lost, Dem's play it up
Do something then. #Congress not legislating #DACA represents monumental failure in political process & cowardice. Ball is in your court...
Looks like that's exactly what you're doing...all for the votes liar....
Worst President @BarackObama was lazy, unconstitutionally made law which now has to be done correctly, now Dem's using this politically!
The why don't you stop collecting names for fund raising and actually do something panderer
Watched your interview with Lawrence, so sympathetic and spot on. Actually answered questions in a respectful way which is history. Grt job!

This is what #ImpeachPresidentBannon wants
I think so. The handwriting is on the wall. Business as usual Trump style.
We've got to stop playing politics on so many areas. The @GOP has been out of control for years now, irrational and uncaring.
Stop playing politics with people. Full stop.
Trump did this to undo legally what Obama did wrong. No one has said those here would be deported. Seems u judge those u don't know.
That's right do things legally
he's going to leverage them to pay for that damn stupid wall.
Yeah.  Much better to grind them into paste and feed them to felons.
We need a mandatory evacuation of our Whitehouse and removal of all Russian obligated public servants.
https://youtu.be/a8z2L42qedM . Schumer speaks about it here.
Why do we gripe on Twitter about who did what instead of how to move forward. So much wasted energy and angry.
We need to remove all of Russia's stooges and rebuild our nation. Impeach Trump, remove Sessions and the whole treasonous gang. Recover.
That's why Trump dod the right thing by leaving it up to the law makers.
Actually these *kids average 23 & require a political solution to resolve  illegal status & transition them to legal status.That's politics!
The Hill is very jaded. For decades they've practiced using classes of people for political gain instead of passing patriotic legislation.
Keep up the good fight!!! There are more of us than those who feed this hateful rhetoric and admin. Trolls this is your last 'Hur-Rah!'
By the way you will NOT ever be president!
Trump threw them under the bus for a reason. It is a Russian technique. Trump is bitch slapping the USA like Jake slapped Faye in CHINATOWN
Democrats used them! Cut me a break!
Sadly they are an integral part of trumps politics.  Campaign based on all undocumented immigrants to be deported
Yes. Stop playing politics, and uphold the law. Life isn't fair. Grow up!
.@SenKamalaHarris #DACA babies are so angry, they are practicing for the day they meet #DonaldTrump Please Retweet
Combine the Raise Act, fund the wall, DACA and make sanctuary cities illegal. Support the Rule of Law a pillar of democracy.
That's what Democratic Party did when illegal DACA was put in place. It's Unconstitutional and against our Laws. END DACA NOW!!!
Stop obstructing and playing politics with healthcare, tax reform, immigration reform, etc. Get together with @GOP and do your job!
i agree
but  the truth is
the people targeted were children when bought  to USA  and are 
ADULTS NOW.#DACA
If you do that, then you are hurting & potentially killing citizens to push politicians. Not a moral high ground move I can get behind.
#TermLimits
I can't imagine living with this stress and uncertainty even every two years. They belong here with us. We should just give them citizenship
If they were all kids from Ireland they would be given citizenship; they are minorities and Mexicans and a threat to white society
I'm sick of seeing Mexican flags in my country, and I'm a fan of diversity.
AMEN! it's disrespectful-bottom line. if they want 2 b here, how abt stop protesting in another language & waiving another country flag! 
Average age: 26
Obama created this mess. And DACA is unconstitutional.
You're leading D way in playing politics. They're not kids.  Ave. age is 23 yrs old. Your BFF shouldn't have separated them from their fam.
They arent kids anymore. Congress needs to do its job, grow a spine and pass legislation if you believe in this so strongly.
Agree! All that is ever done is blame!
@SenateDems @gop Guilty
Maybe omit the, "with these kids" part. Then, and only then will play time be over!
Whatever this is, these are not politicians. There is no goodwill in anything they do. They destroy for greed and vindictiveness.
Then STOP playing.
But it's what democrats excel at!
Why didn’t Dems fix it in 2008-2010. Potus44 caused this problem
YES! Just Now your tweet ((notification)  in the secs ago, TRUTHFULLY,  @SenKamalaHarris, (FAMILY) @MSNBC  Now, This Morning , FOLLOWED YOU
3:30pm CT. @CSPAN U.S. Senate,  IMMIGRATION POLICY,;  @SenKamalaHarris,  @SenFeinstein
The GOP doesn't care about people. The sooner their supporters realize this the better off we'll be
@ManuelSillas54 I fully agree with your statement, senator harris. Also we need to.impeach Donald trump a scam bug low life, kkk afiliation
unfollow you ..stop follow that socialist
Then get to work and do it THE RIGHT WAY...LEGALLY
Push the DREAM act.
Trump isn't playing politics with DACA kids. He's trying to turn our country into Nazi America! He must be stopped!
That's hilarious!
Democrats are scared of losing a big chunk of their voters.

#DEPORT_EM_ALL
