Please keep it up. You are the best. #NeverSilenceTheVoiceOfTheFeminine
Keep on kicking ass, Kamala!
w.
Sen. Harris, you're a freakin' rock star and bad-ass female. An inspiration to so many women!
2020?
OBAMA WAS AN ILLEGAL PRESIDENT, NOT EVEN A CITIZEN OF USA. SORRY TO BURST YOUR BUBBLE. WE ARE NOT ALL GUPPIES, LIKE YOU.
#DACA #strongertogether
Thank you from all women who have been suppressed by overbearing idiots!
This is exactly the problem. Those is power not knowimg those who aren't!
Do her parents pay income tax and are they on public assistance?
She has helped each and every one of us in pursuing the truth at senate Intel hearings
What exactly is a "typical socialist"?
Go kick their butts!
All good and fine but please find out if she has a SS# and if so HOW???? I can't seem to get a clear answer from anyone so I ask you Senator
I know many! These kids are our future. Don't rip their parents away from them. Life is short. Why spend time being hateful?
Thank you, Senator.  Your support means so much to my students.
Jeff Sessions Just Shut Kamala Harris’ Big Mouth After Her Disgusting Sex Secret Comes Out
you had an affair with a married man for political gains all need to google this women
Go get'm, girl...feel the love from all who are with you
I wish you were my Senator!
Perfect! Need to put faces on issues. Do same with those who benefit from ACA
Yuriana!!! that GRIT girl!! woooo!!! 
Hi Yuriana!! 
What about those DACA Recipients who have been caught-up in immigration raids and sent back to their country or Orgin?
Herr T**p just dumped protection for parents of americans who are themselves undocumented. Obama pique at its worst.
You Rock!
Keep on making them nervous!
Thank you, Senator.  We owe it to Dreamers to protect them.  It is a moral sin to deport them.
They have no empathy on the right until they personally experience it.

All illegals AKA dem voters will be deported. Trump just banned all illegals from attending public schools as he should.
So proud of you thank you for all you are doing.
#FOLLOWTHELAW Citzens have to follow the law. Illegals must be deported.Not hailed as another class Democrats seek 2protect. PROTECT CITZENS
Illegal is illegal. You took an oath of office to protect and defend constitution and yet flaunt your violation. Your words are meaningless
Thank you for sharing.  Consider a run for President in 2020 Keep up the great work
She's safe now, apparently! The pressure worked! #SaveDACA
Senator, I taught a dreamer last semester. A fine young man and a leader in his class. Thank you for fighting for him and all the others.
@gbeckyhudson Senator Harris I live in #Canada but congratulations for your great work.
These children must be protected.
She persisted = no fear, Senator...so proud
Very nice picture
Humanity and compassion should transcend the borders but ppl running this country are too narrow minded for that.
<3 Thank you!
Excited about the possibility of one day calling Kamala Harris "Madam President"! Thank you for vision, strength & sensitivity! #FuturePOTUS
Thank you for sharing, amazing!
I worked at a university. I saw many who were afraid but working very hard to earn their families' value in this country. I never felt that.
boo hoo hoo cry me a damn river, there fucking illegal sorry it's the law people.

This was meant to troll. She is a women of action.
We remember who that member was when you shared and let your hair down w/@PodSaveAmerica in SF!  Thank you Senator Harris!!!
Proud to have you as my Senator
She is going to need protection because they will target her now. So sad white males are hellbent on destructive divisive hateful path.
I just dropped a big smelly kamala into th toilet  It was a big smelly burrito from Mexico
I hope you run woman. There is much need for intellectual health and sanity.
You just want voters on the government dole. Just like all the folks that live off my tax dollars.
Fight Hard senator. All Americans are immigrants I am second generation! Immigrants are what America stands for!
@SenKamalaHarris would you please consider running for President?  America loves you!
She'd have my vote
this is great! Love all that you do @SenKamalaHarris !
holy crap keep up the good work, Yuriana
On 6/14 Elizabeth Wydra-Pres of the Constitutional Accountability Center filed Emoluments lawsuit against Trump c/o 196 members of congress
It's not about making friends
It's about making money
Heart goes out to them #DACA
Thank you
No1 cares... better she doesn't break the law or she is out 
I can't wait for @SenKamalaHarris to run for president - first woman - damn she'll do good for 
We need young people like her! We need no entitled t.v. reality show presidents or his spawn or his civil war mindset AG. We need DACA!
Great article Senator Harris. Thank you for fighting for DACA recipients like Yuriana and many others! You're the best!
Perfect response. People matter. Their stories matter. Thank you!
You look like sisters! 
Never???? We have some at UC near me.? They are amazing students that also do good work in our community.


Beautiful story Yuriana. God bless
You are such a good example.
Thank you Senator Harris! I would like to see California take the lead and propose Fast Track program to Citizenship for DACA and others!
God bless you!
Yuriana is a former student of mine. She has always been top-notch in all that she does.
Senator Harris:  you're amazing.
Hello Yuriana, and welcome!
Nice to meet you Yuriana! Congrats on all your accomplishments Now make sure ICE doesn't find you! Kamala, you rock!
God forbid they talk to people their policies effect.
Bravo SenKamala! This is the effect of a great legacy by @BarackObama. Let's hope that this act of humanity and goodwill is sustainable.
Girl....u r the Best!
Thank you Senator.
BRAVA Yuriana!
I'm gonna in line in #2020 ms Harris. come thru!!
DACA is a legal path to citizenship. If you are gonna be shitty and racist at least lean into it and put your face on your profile
Hello from North Carolina, Senator.  You will have my vote, too.
You're fabulous (and damn smart) 
Thank you from all strong American women
Thank you from all women and men whom appreciate you and your service.
Some of Congress hadn't been in a shooting either. Now they understand...where is the empathy BEFORE the tragic events occur. Constituants!
WOW KAMALA U ARE A TRUE AMERICAN
I wish you would read the tweetversation I had with someone reguarding ACA.
Amazing thank you!
I don't know.... she looks like a terrorist... (not!)
Beautiful dedicated women!

She's wrong. GA DID deported many undocumented immigrants (2011) & it COST them bc crops went unharvested. 

More of @karenhandel pushing her racist voter ID law, invoking the spector of non-citizens voting. 
Handel is a horrible wicked old woman.
