Trump reversed a plastic water bottle ban in national parks https://buff.ly/2xqK4ft  
Not only did he side with lobbyists but he hired a man in the water bottle industry to oversee these rules!!! It's beyond corruption!
Consistently profiting off destruction, poverty, suffering and now pollution.
How does one spell impeachment
Perhaps we should provide the @gop cowards a dictionary
Yes, that's also a good title. "The GOP Cowards'  Dictionary" - sounds solid enough to outlast the GOP.
Hi plz RT=RT this PR,it's a #humanity & #justice case #BBC #CNN #gothere #cnnbrk
https://twitter.com/thaar/status/843537653979119620 …
The spread of crimes and terrorism in the world - http://presswire.com/content/1781725/spread-crimes-and-terrorism-world …
Can u post specific info about exactly what happened to your family? Your story should be written in detail, bc your plea is clearly ignored
Great Thx's for your interest, can you please follow so that I can DM you
So............... be responsible  and throw your trash away...!!! Don't you have more important stuff to do?
Cuz cheeto puff doesn't believe in climate change lol
We are the rightful masters of both Congress & the Courts, not to overthrow the Constitution but to overthrow the men who pervert it - A.L.
There's strong forces working 4 a Constitutional Convention so they can completely re-write Constitution & they only need 5 States to do it
The Park Service banned straws to reduce few tons of plastic.  Its crazy to think  bottled water offsets that.
Just a note: trump is the first potus to not have a pet in over a century.  Animal can sense mental illness.
In case anyone is wondering Bo was obama, and he is adorable!
I remember a time in the 70's when litter was everywhere (more than today); highway billboard signs
Is it true that Coke etc were never discontinued, but just bottled water? If so, that makes no sense. Soft drink lobbyist too strong?
Sickening
don't worry, he's saving trees by cutting regulations which equal wasteful paperwork #Winning
The Left is terrified. America's getting stronger, regulations are being cut--their whole world is being torn apart http://bit.ly/2vb2mEC  
Bottles are not the problem.  Bad, bad ignorant people are!!!
WELL HOPEFULLY THE SIERRA CLUB WILL TAKE ALL THOSE PLASTIC BOTTLES AND DUMP IT ON MARO LARGO! @SierraClub #PLASTICBOTTLES #RESISTANCE @CNN
EVERYONE SHOULD SAVE THEIR PLASTIC BOTTLES AND OR PICK UP HIS LOBBYIST TRASH IN OUR FEDERAL & STATE PARKS AND DUMP IT ON TRUMP GOLF COURSES
Yeeees
Water bottles bring litter? Pfft.  He probably wants a trump label on the plastic bottles.
That just makes absolutely zero sense.
Well, he is committed to making America great (big trash heap) again
There is seriously something wrong with him. What's it going to take to get rid of this lunatic?
Can't they opt not to sell them?
Please report all the facts...why he wants to do this...he did not just pull this out of his hat...be nice, ok?  Stop the hate.
It's as if he has a checklist of every single sacred trust we have, and is specifically violating each of them, because he can.
Benefits of ban were minuscule according to U of W Seattle study and consumption of sugar drinks increased. Good move Trump!
He's such an assh*le
He's honestly the most annoying person ever.
Omg  this guy is such a joke like seriously
He is a sad man all away around.
Hey @TeeCee_85 check this genius move out. I hate him.
Wow. Another "unpresidented" move to fuck the planet.
I know where I'd like to shove the water bottles.
Ugh. Every time I turn around, Trump manages to do something vile.
We'll stop turning around....LOL
Oh SURE. Blame the victim 
LOL 
The health of people and the need to drink water when in an isolated National Park are very important. Surprised you are so ignorant of that
"Ugliness is so grim." "A little beauty...can create harmony which will lesson tensions." 
http://www.pbs.org/ladybird/shattereddreams/shattereddreams_report.html …
How about just getting some bins and educate the numpties on how to use one, or is that too much to expect from the American people?
Swamp overflowing
Just another thing to pollute our beautiful planet.
He's going to side with any and all money grubbers
@realDonaldTrump makes such a big deal of rolling back these @BarackObama advances. It's an obsession really.
The parks should way over charge for bottled water and make sure they have free water bottle filling stations.
National Parks can still enforce the rule.  Let's hope they do.
If this awful thing happens, let us work to fight it by doing the right thing -- leave the Parks cleaner than you found them. No trash
Nobody will notice when the drilling starts
Oh HELLLLLL no
Total privatization of America by the republicans, they will rape the money supply in America. Private prisons, wars, etc.!
How about personal responsibility. Oh yea I forgot...we don't teach than anymore.
Is his friend selling only his water band at our national parks?
It will take years to right the mess orange Twitler has wrought on America. So very tragic.#impeachtrump
I drink out of plastic bottles and guess what I do with them...recycle them.  Plastic bottles = litter?  Interesting #hack
Did you do this @realDonaldTrump ? You are the #TheWorldsVillageidiot!
He is such an idiot
We won't have to worry about impeaching. He'll destroy the earth before that.
Use a trash can! 
Drain the swamp. Using plastic bottles.
After this child is out, it will take years to clean up the messes he's left behind. The story of his life.
What the f*ck???? Did Obama ban it? Geez he's nuts.
Will they be selling Trump water?
Embarrassing.
Grifter in chief...Trump would sell advertising space on his lard butt if he could..
He pisses me off more every single day. When will something be done? This is insanity
I used to work in parks. Garbage and litter are a huge problem. This is crazy. Bring a reusable bottle. Use the water fountains. Easy&cheap
Is there any common sense in that man's head?
Idiot
.#theperv doesn't know what a national park is having spent his entire life living  in a shithole called NYC!
Dame algo mejor ya sabes a q me refiero
Great now we're gonna have Trump spring water, the best water you've ever tasted! In the best plastic ever  period. #resist
It's #vomitattrump Day. Share a GIF of someone vomiting on his twitter page to show your displeasure in what he is doing.
Even though they have refilling stations set up for our own refillable bottles.
I really don't get the reasoning for undoing SOMETHING like this.
@KevinKWrites @grist because it's unenforceable and leads to people not wanting to be seen throwing one in the trash. #Duh
All this just gets dumber and dumber.
#10 reason for the day why #GOPWrong4America
The answer is simple:  Pres. Obama was for it, that means Trump is against it.  Only consistent policy position, he ever takes.
Of course he did. Did Pres Obama sign it?
Totally corrupt.
What we are doing to our home planet is the saddest thing I can think of. Why look elsewhere? Let's fix this one.
@realDonaldTrump makes the best deals. Next, he's bringing back Lawn Darts to Elementary schools.
The man has never entered a national park in his life. I guarantee it. #WorstPresidentEver
I guess Trump's friends must own the water companies that will create more plastic bottles at the national parks.
He doesn't give a damn about anything except money and power.
Seems he's just doing things out of spite. Destroying everything that's good. And it's all for money.
It's obscene.
I guess the ones who made bottled water popular have ALL stopped buying it. So that makes them no longer culpable. Liberal memory is short.
If Barack initiated it, Trump will annihilate it. He wants to undo Obamas legacy, but all he's doing is creating his own very ugly one.
@Ez4u2say_Janis @grist The state that I was born in was the first with the bottle bill
It's as if to ensure a legacy Trump is going for a record to implement the most hurtful, destructive policies no matter how pettty or mean
I know it gets said a lot about Trump "policies" but seriously: what the fuck?
It's just astonishing... seriously...
But of course he did. Doesn't he ever get tired? I'm exhausted from him.
Seems a perfect reflection of the Trump moral bankruptcy. That bunch around the White House probably doesn't pick up their trash either.
It will be the little bottles. More plastic to water. And for his hands.
Don't worry though. He will get rid of the bottles the second he privatizes water.
& plastic bags!
Instead of #MAGA and drain the swamp, that should have @realDonaldTrump campaign slogan..."Bring Litter Back!!"
Greed is Trump's torch.
I never thought I would live to see the day when Americans are helpless to stop their country from sliding into a 3rd world country!
Does it mean park management needs to sell them? They can just make a decision on their own right?
He literally gets up everyday & thinks of stupid, mean things to do to this country. He's a true petty tyrant.
Maybe because he sells 45 bottled water? (My fingers won't type his name)
He wants to micromanage stuff like this while he cannot even manage his own mouth.
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump you and your corporate buddies are poisoning this country and our planet. Enough! #ImpeachTrump
IT'S UP 2 US, VOTERS 2 TAKE M OUT! "WE RUN USA  NOT UNSTABLE OLD ANGRY MAN. HIS ANGER DICTATES OUR FUTURE. IF ONLY HE HAD A BRAIN! GET OUT
Why can't he EVER do the right thing? Or at least leave it the hell alone? He's the WORST.
This is just unbelievable.
Taught my grown children to #BoycottPlasticBottles and shop with #ReusableBags Maybe #MomsLaw will prevail. But yeah #45 is #ChumpPOTUS
I mean...isn't it entirely possible President Trump has never BEEN to a National Park?
So one of his people can profit. Such a sellout!
WOW, just WOW!!
sick!
Even our elementary school banned water bottles.  Our little kids have something to teach that moron in the White House
Responsible park visitors can still clean up after themselves and recycle those bottles.
It is nice to have a bottle that when I'm done can be made small enough to take less room in my backpack
The Dems should truck those bottles to Palm Beach and dump them on Trump's Mar-a-Lago driveway. We can call it "Mt Le Douche" in his honor 
Was there a real point here? It sounds like spider more than lobbyist.

And this is Making America Great Again how?
You are encouraging tossing out plastic bottles instead of being responsible and throwing them in trash receptacles.  #DumbKamala
You ARE talking about a man that thinks one cleans coal by washing it...
Yes... you are correct... great response
Great guy
Let me guess. Democrat?!? Thought so. Move along!
what the fuck????? ugh i h8 dis place.
Horrendous!!!
And probably Pruitt . Can someone point out 1 situation where Pruitt's "protected" the environment? How is he still director of EPA?
Isn't littering already a crime? Why isn't it being enforced?
Trump is an ignoramus of the highest caliber.
Of course he did
He is so horrid!!!!!
There is not one single decision 45 has made that isn't Snidely Whiplash villainous.
Our "president" is a MORON!! He must be stopped! 
Investigate 
Indict 
Impeach 
Imprison
Greedy destroyer of all things good
He's an ass.
No worries, you've got killery wandering around in the woods. She can pick them up! She owes America public service time!
Antifa will now have something to piss and shit in, instead of the forest!
Trump is too stupid to change anything. It was probably his EPA secretary.
And because trump ice water. For sale at the gift shops now.
I would bet someone has a stake in the plastic bottle manufacturing or recycling biz. Hmm.
I'm not looking forward to seeing a photo of a bottle of Trump Water floating in the Colorado River! What an asshole move Mr President
it's so people can take there water bottles with them.There was no litter problems with water bottles get the truth first so you don't lie
I don't remember his campaign promise to end our earth extra fast.  Seems imperative to him now.
Just wtf is wrong with this so called man and what is wrong with us as a people #impeach
The Lorax is my fav Dr. Suess book. I hope that ppl will ignore this BS and let nature be.
Whatever the Black POTUS did, do the opposite. Pathetic, that's the only @realDonaldTrump & @GOP Agenda
What a goofball
What the f...who would do that.
And the point of doing so is?
And the point of this is?
Because Lobbyists money is more important than a clean planet to live in for  Filthy Politicians  but I'm glad K.Harris doesn't take their 
Idiot
Disgusting @POTUS
Deplorable.  And ....why?
I think that as national parks collect plastic water bottles that are left behind by lazy ppl, that it should dump all on White House lawn
@phylogenomics @grist how much damage can this ... Do? #plasticpollution #nature
Trump is just shitting on the whole planet at this point
GUAT-DA-FAQUE?! Seriously he's just the most disgusten deplorable human ever
This is criminal -no explanation other than trump buddies' corporate greed
Pick a fight---he's on the wrong side!
SAD!
Uh sweetie pie, they never stopped using plastic bags at the park service gift shops, duuuhh
Trump is a stain on our nation and the world. #unfit #25thAmendmentNow
Make America Littered Again!
Sad
Not a problem. Just put a $5 bottle deposit on every bottle. Heck $.10 works very well in Michigan.
That's how the rich stay rich
That's not Helping Mother Earth
But, Kamala . . . This would mean more JOBS!!! Give 'em a pokey stick to pick up trash:  1 mil jobs easy
(SNARK!)
Don't take them in/clean them up if you see them! Walk my road everyday cleaning up the garbage of the so called smartest species#justdoit
@grist Well, of course he did!!
.Uh, because he sells his own brand of water perhaps?  Watch for it. #EmolumentsClause
And he did it just because. What a POS.
Are the parks now mandated to sell water in plastic bottles or can they opt to not sell?
National Parks can make their own rules. #BanPlasticBottles
The time has come for personal responsibility. Remember, we can all CHOOSE NOT TO POLLUTE our beautiful planet and national landmarks.
No other reason except to put money in someone else's pocket in favor of ruining the environment.
THANKS FOR STANDING UP & STRONG. KEEP ON...BUT WE STILL NEED HILLARY AS PRESIDRNT 2020 and YOU AT A LATER TIME.
President disgusting.
He wants to destroy everything that's good for humankind and the fauna and the flora and anything in between.
Let me guess, trump water only?
Donald Trump siding with trash.  Anyone surprised?
Stop pushing your left wing agenda!  We all know you are the crook!  All democrats are criminals.

#MAGA
But the parks were selling soda and energy drinks in cans and bottles....but no water
Trump sees litter as glitter
Just, unbelievable! !
This is the same man arguing against tearing down history.
!! Ok I'm convinced that man is an elderly,hipster, emo with a hot mess temperament. He's trying to bring the apocalypse.
What is WRONG with @realDonaldTrump ?????
Is National Parks stupid?  
Why do they listen to Trump?
Why is this man so set on DESTROYING America? ?
America is a corporation remember.  It's listed in the nyse. Same as United states, United states of America both are. It's in debt Bankrup
Take all empties to Dump Tower & dump 'em! He's trash, so it'll be a good fit.
Make America a garbage dump again.
Of course he would he probably litter himself as he has soiled America so not surprised he hates the earth and everyone in it but himself
Imagine that.. trump is like darth vader except that vader is much more likable!! #Resistance
Why doesn't he like America?
Please run in 2020!!!!
@grist Why?! Plastic is a by product of petroleum, I suppose
