Rescind *him* now.

The word is impeachment. Do it. Please.
How es It being combated? By how many degrees had the temp been reduced? #climatechange
President Trump just threw away a plan to combat climate change & protect the air we breathe. Three words of advice: rescind it now.
...Sarcasm...?
No. it's a serious question. Do you know the answer ? #climatechange
One cannot expect instant gratification; we cannot stop as soon as we have started trying to make change.
Fair enough. So what time frame is involved and by how many degrees will you reduce the Earth's temperature
Reducing the earth's temp isn't the goal. Slowing the catastrophically rapid rise is.
At what rate will you lower the temperature rise ? #climatechange
I'm sorry I didn't see your reply
Fossil fuel industry greed is limitless, but earth's capacity to balance carbon output and sustain life is not.
and by the time the damage is apparent we won't have the $$ to fix it.
Do everything you can to fight him. Let him know that California is NOT behind him. We are in FRONT.
The people of CA understand that climate change poses a threat to the millions living along our coast. For my grandchildren
@QueenMaday I had a dream last night with DT driving behind a diesel bus in a open convertible in single one way traffic.
don't we have a say? How can he just sign EOs? He has no mandate.
lol because Obama governed on EO'S Trump is just Rolling Back his!
KILL OURSELVES TRYING AND SUFFERING AND THE REST OF WORLD VERY HAPPY THANKS FOR WATCHING OUT FOR US
I think he should think about everything he's done..
You can't use words like "rescind" with Trump.  You need to use words like "bad boy" and "sad" as you would to a 5 yr old.
I have three better words: impeach him now
yet when you have the means to cut emissions by 50% you do nothing. Hmmmm makes you wonder a bit.
Fossil fuel industry money will be of no comfort when they're all dead like the rest of us.
How about Impeach him now.
how about.....
fucking bot
@LeoDiCaprio @Janefonda  Setting a good example for the world, NOT!!
I hope you aren't mistaking this letter for actual resistance. Because it's not even close. Please, do something real.
Kamala 2020 POTUS please.
California will have to lead the way on climate policies. A model for the nation!
you were quoted in an article by @newscomauHQ
@l_tucc
listen to the people
Yeah but look at the bright side of all those good coal mining jobs who needs education #Black_lung
Their dad died of Black lung & he had a good single wide trailer up in the hollah' & by DT so will they
st the same time lets pull healthcare too #blacklung
The climate has been changing for billions of years. It needs combatting? Seriously?
Not at the rate it is changing now. You are wrong.
Make him breathe the air that will result in 50 years if his plans continue - for 5 minutes.
Two words of advice: Vote Democratic
California, Oregon, and Washington will just have to lead the way. Let's gently lead our other border states to our side.
@PeterGadiot AGREE 100%
Understand there's little you can do in the minority, but please do more than tweet. Rally the public.
She's doing more than tweeting.  You must know that.  It's another way to reach people, not the ONLY way.
UGHHHHH..HE'S a NEANDERTHAL!
Why? It doesn't do anything. An EO is not good because obama foisted it upon the American public. Advice: calm down.
Trump cannot undo the damage done to our bodies and the atmosphere by repealing the clean air act.
@Offleash2015 P45 goal is to destroy OB legacy while he destroys the future for all America. #makeamericasickagain
my 3 words to Trump: go F yourself!!!
He forgot he breathes the same air!  Too busy tweeting I guess.
fight back
he has just ordered the death of millions of people with asthma and other breathing health problems.
@CaroleW008 All Traitor Trump doing is digging own grave. When he is impeached as are those Billionaire Profiteer Thieves
Yes!
I just feel like none of these things he's doing shld be valid after all he's a traitor.
here's a plan  you don't need the government for. Plant a tree, stop driving, don't use any plastic, stop talking and do it
@SierraClub So sorry!  POTUS is finally protecting the people who built this country!  Protest away!!
and he's acting proud!!! Like trashing the planet is something to brag about!
.@SenKamalaHarris and one more: #resign
Yes, another battle just as important !
Another plan to kill people.  He is a murderer.
. Bad  deal. ..
Block that plan! Here in San Joaquin Valley, thousands of us pollution sick from the worst air in USA! Trump so disgusting!
Nope. I know it's rare but we actually have a POTUS  that is looking out for Legal Americans! Jobs! Crawl back to your room
Please run for President. I want so badly to vote for you!
how about investing in science, so we can work on cracking nuclear fusion, the ultimate clean energy source!
Your fellow Senator @SenJeffMerkley introduced #KeepItInTheGround Act to end new the coal leases on #publiclands. Will you support it?
can't the UN stop this? Or can the ACLU sue with future generations as the plaintiff?
Climate has been changing for millions of years. You can't rescind climate change. You should resign now. you are pathetic
Couldn't agree more. And three more words: watch our teaser, er, about the Trump Era, okay seven...
He's lost whatever mind he had.
Thus the problem of dictating policy by executive order as opposed to passing laws.
45 said to young man to his left,See? You're getting your job back. 45 only knows how to tear down rather than build up
You're not really a great thinker, you're an embarrassment to California.
@PrincessBravato 
forgets his kids will breathe that shitty air too. rich doesn't immunize you against pollution.
@SteveClimaco is this at all accurate
SCOTUS ruled climate change immediately threatens America. An EO that rescinds ACC rules may be unconstitutional.
https://www.law.cornell.edu/supct/html/05-1120.ZS.html …
So do we need to go to court, like we did for Muslim Ban and try to stop this?  What's next on this?  This is a crime!
Does Trump have a financial interest in the coal industry?
Butt look at all the white christian men who r getting so much enjoyment out of destroying the earth! Deprive them of this?
way to make this a race, religion, and sex thing when it wasn't
We have to stop this administration. #EvilEmpire #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Didn't this man rail on Obama on executive orders and golf? Now that's all Trump does. Hypocritical liar @realDonaldTrump
Did you know Mars is facing rising temps also?
3 more: Colluded With Russia
3 more: where is proof
Please help stop this madness!
