One of my senators is @marcorubio. A call to him would be fruitless and frustrating. Like most R lawmakers, he cares only about his donors.
Call anyway. It won't change his vote but it may weaken his resolve.
Not mine. @SenToomey doesn't answer his phones. Favor, mam? Could you knock on his door & tell him his CONSTITUENTS want a NO vote?
I'm in Texas. I've tried and don't even want to bother with these fools anymore.
Keep up callling.   Don't stop!!  Keep up fight
Ok, Kamala, you are way out of line with demagoguery of the health care bill and an embarrassment to the people of California
I have called but all I get is answering machines
I wish u'd work as hard finding folks jobs as u do playing/pandering here on twitter! If they're not smart enough 2 work, get into politics
Unless it's me calling you to try to get you and your fellow California politicians to stop trying to take away my money and gun rights
Too bad when you are an Atty General it did no good to call you. California needed your help badly.
It’d be nice if Senators didn’t play games like this, but, here we are.
Dems need to be able to say they are getting more calls against than in favor. Harris and Feinstein also represent conservative areas of CA.
but what can we in California do when we're already in agreement? keep up the good fight!
Ask them to deny unanimous consent on every single vote until we get hearings. They can thrown sand in the works of the senate.
Push single payer in Cali. It's time and it will never be the "right time"
Does it help to call when all you have is Cronyn and Cruz? Texans suffer and lose #pp no matter what
You are  my Senator. I know where you stand. Do I still have to call you?
Liberal senators are one dimensional, calling senators is a black hole. You don't care about working class Americans.
If I did call my Senator I'd leave a message saying she's awesome, and thank her for making such a huge impact thus far in her first term. 
You are my Senator, & Feinstein, so I don't have to worry about you 2. Thanks! But would like single payer here.
But you're my senator! (lucky me!)
Must also change the process--needsto go through committee with open hearings
Senator McConnell is restoring it on Friday. Can he push a vote through?
I'm from Kentucky and McConnell's office doesn't answer his phones and has been absent from his Louisville Ky Office...
Calling my senator matter? Not really, unfortunately.
Sen. Why did you not prosecute bankers that committed fraud? Why do you support slave labor?
I have much more important things to do. Why are you putting the job on your constituents? Isn't this your job? What are you doing all day?
Calling Pat Roberts doesn't. He's there for a paycheck and to advance the GOP cause. He doesn't give a SHIT what his constituents want.
Lucky to say the senators from IL are sane! Duckworth and Durbin
You ARE my Senator! Trust you & @SenFeinstein are going to do the right thing Also true of my cngrman @RepJimmyPanetta 
Calling WH hopeless
Ask for public hearing on BCRA - Senate Finance Committee 202-224-4515
You are one of my Senators. I would like to know what plans you have to save Obamacare. How to fund. How to bring actual care costs down.
What's your number? 
You can also fax your reps in one fell swoop by using the handy Resistance bot.
Kill the bill, not the people.

Sent this message to both my GOP senators by texting RESIST to 50409. 
Does it matter when your Sen helped write it? No. But I call and express displeasure every day.  Keep it up, Sen Harris!
I just read that McConnell is going to send his "revised" Health Care plan to the CBO on Friday.  We have to keep calling!
Calling mine and its you... thank you!
Thank you for taking my calls.
You are my senator and I assume you are a no vote.
I keep calling your office and saying what a great job you're doing, Senator! #proudcalifornian
Also important to call when they agree with you.  I called @timkaine just to thank him & his staff for being vocal opponents of the bill.
Is it possible just to eliminate Medicaid and throw it to the states. Seems like some states do a better job than others,maybe needs r diff
Did anyone else notice how Trump placed the republican women on his sides during the non partisan meeting on healthcare
It sure doesn't help when both senators only care about whats good for the Democrats and not the whole state. Only idoits govern California!
My senator Rob Portman won't take our calls. When you call you get a message that the lines are busy @senrobportman  #ConernedMom
I often can't get thru to my Sen. Feinstein, but as a constituent, I can send an email, which I do. You can fax, too.
Yeah.. I just heard DT say he's getting rid of the problems of healthcare..costs .regulations..what he's doing is getting rid of the people!
Senator Harris keep up the good work. Say a few words for us Delawarions
You are my senator. Now what? What can we do?
Call. Show up at meetings. Show up. Speak up. Nothing happens until you do! Get busy!
I'm unsure of what to say when they answer.
Give your name and zip code (So they know you're a constituent). Then urge them to vote no on the "President's" (*barf*) health care bill.
Tell them we should fix the affordable care act instead of repealing it. Tell them you will remember their vote in the next election. End
It definitely does feel weird the first few times but you get used to it.
Politicians created this mess,
Politicians exempted themselves from it,
Politicians will now make it worse,
What matters now is vote your #criminalparty home or prison or institution they are all nut cases and we need ppl to work 4america
Lol as California has the highest amount welfare and illegals getting health care

If your state has republican senator(s), please call them and demand that they vote no on TrumpCare. Lives are on the line. (202) 224-3121
If your state has republican senator(s), please take a few minutes to do this. Lives are on the line. Thank you.
But do they call back?
Girl I would call more often but you're already on my side.  #helplessinCA
