Write better, clearer laws. That's your job, isn't it?
How many SCOTUS justices had 0 rulings overturned by higher courts?
The point was, not just that the ruling was overturned, but that it was overturned UNANIMOUSLY.
A ruling based on law and precedent in his circuit. This is how the law works.
Check out how he changed a word in his reference to precedent. "Merely".
He honors his oath by upholding the law. You disgrace yours.
#TheSupremeCourt just overturned Gorsuch 2008 ruling for the exact same reason. #SCOTUS said NO on GORSUCH
As a 10th Circuit judge, Gorsuch was bound by prior case law in the 10th Circuit.
Yes, but he added the word "merely" as to lessen the cause of the special education student.
Oh, my! He used the word "merely"! Stone him! (He was accurately restating the low 10th Circuit standard.)

That article is a tendentious load of...typical Salon garbage. It ignores the 1996 case entirely.
Then Google it. Every major news outlet #SCOTUS ruling re Gorsuch. I just grabbed one for date as you asked. Do the research. 
"I will oppose Gorsuch's nomination due to his bigotry, misogyny, xenophobia and lack of sense" would be much better tweet.
"I will oppose Gorsuch's nomination due to my own bigotry" would be far more accurate.  @SenKamalaHarris
Gorsuch says women should be asked if they plan to get pregnant at their job interview, he's not fit
That directly affects her ability to produce for the company. The employer has a right to know that & plan accordingly.
So u think $ is king n anyone who has power has the right to do anything to anyone who doesn't? U believe employers have All the say?!
Apparently you haven't actually run a business or had to hire/fire people. Grow up.
I'm grown up. U shd not b merciless,u shd want everyone to get the help they deserve. No being shd b abandoned by us. Im right to care
You are not my Senator. #DefundPP
you are going to lose this. Someday there will be a judge who is actually controversial. What then?
you're a hack. This is shameful
Thank you Senator!
Geez!  And your intelligence level is about what we have come to expect from liberals.
No Judge Gorsuch rules based off of law.  He doesn't rule from the bench.  I know you leftist hate that.
legalisms? Surely your interns could have come up with a better way to attack a judge tasked with upholding the law.
PATHETIC Display of Partisanship concerning such a Critical Position 4 OUR COUNTRY! What are they afraid of-Can't Manipulate?
When are you up for reelection??
Judges are not meant 2b activist, basing judgement on feelings, they are suppose 2 follow the laws of the US
Then there is Gibsburg who is ALL about politics and vocally anti Trump. Harris likes that.
Yes!! Because as we all know, a jurist should disregard the law and focus on "real lives" and stuff!!
#TheSupremeCourt just overturned Gorsuch 2008 ruling for the exact same reason. #SCOTUS said NO on GORSUCH
Yes, how outrageous. A Judge who decides based on law and precedence! WTH? 
That's exactly what a Supreme Court Justice is suppose to do!! That's why he should be confirmed without any delay. SMH
Wow, he actually interprets the law as written instead of legislating from the bench based on feelz. What a monster.
Typical Democrat, hates judges who apply precedent and the Constitution rather than Democrat fuzzy touch feely BS.
We are a nation of LAWS. He is doing his job.
Legalism is the actual responsibility a judge is supposed to fulfill
So, you won't support him because he judges according to the law, instead of his super duper feels?  Seems ligit...not.
1 ruling from 2008?  How's the 9th Circuit doing?  Yet I'm betting you'd like to one of those on #SCOTUS
???
I'm guessing you never really understood why "Lady Justice" is blindfolded?
I'm just going to say:

You got fucking SERVED in this thread.  Is that how you expected this to go or nah?
Didn't you take an oath to support the law and Constitution? You should have been disbarred long ago for sheer stupidity.
you won't support him because you're a silly woman with a giant partisan political chip on your shoulder...
she won't support a judge that follows the law, that's pretty telling of her character...
And, unfathomably, her previous career
Thank you!! Sen. Harris for not voting for 
Gorsuch!! It's good to see through a wolf in sheep's clothing...
do you have a clue about the roles of judges and legislators?
I have a very big clue about the law, do you??? Read about this idiot...
bless your heart! By the way, nice "like" and RT of your own tweet!  #HilariousAndPathetic
Oh... I just want to expose you to thousands of people who agree with me...
you mean all of your 57 followers?  
That's 57 more than you have!!!
Lol!!
what?!?!?
seriously u should not be representing the American People. What an idiot u r. Go to ur safe space.  Pacifier
That's literally his job.
My Auto Mechanic has consistently valued mechanics over feelings.  How dare he!!
You must have forgot the oath you took. I missed the part about emotions and whatever real lives is supposed to mean
What a complete shock.  So you're voting against him b/c he acts like a judge?
So you don't understand how our legal system works.  You're liberal, of course you don't.
No they said no to the Circuit Court's unanimous decision so  now there is new precedent. Education. Do it.
what about that judge who should've put the rapist Brock Turner away, but sympathized w/ the guy &'felt' he suffered enuff?
what does this mean? He's judged on the law instead of the outcomes you prefer?
you don't understand what a judge does, do you?
Roe v. Wade values legalisms over lives. I guess Roe v. Wade shouldn't be followed either? @SenKamalaHarris
If 'real life' trumps 'legalisms' why do you take an oath to defend the Constitution?
at this point, we can only question your sanity. You leave us no choice when tweeting blithering nonsense like this.
how did you become a senator? by promising world peace?
Huh?  She is saying no because she wants 2 + 2 to = 5 and justice to be ad hoc
pretty sure that is the job description! How on earth are you  able to represent the people when you clearly don't care
GOD IS WATCHING U!
CHILDREN are loosing their Innocence & SCREAMING 4 HELP ASAP.
Choose wisely or have blood on your hands?
I know CA has brainwashed the most susceptible people throughout their education, but I didn't know how stupid it made you!
you should prolly find out what the role of the Judiciary is if you're going to pretend to be a senator.
So you're unhappy he wouldn't break or ignore the law? 
So you are against following the laws?  Change the laws for him to follow if you don't like it.
gorsuch is as qualified and honorable as they come you biased hack.
omg, legalisms - he makes his decisions based on laws Congress passes, instead of feelings,lol "legalisms"
Oppose Gorsuch nomination and support Dem filibuster
good god this shows your ignorance. Legalisms is exactly what the highest judges should base decisions
And here I thought we were a nation of laws.
You mean he respects the actual law and doesn't insert his personal interpretations or opinions? It's like he's a real judge or something!
What! Who are you? Another Dem believes in killing babies cause ur platform now right?
thank you Senator for voting no on Gorsuch. CA is with you! 94123
C'mon, get a clue!
What a fool. You want a "super legislator" who supports your causes. What happens when they don't? What then?
That's his JOB. He is supposed to follow the law regardless. The judges who do otherwise are a disgrace. #confirmgorsuch
legalism: adherence to law
judge: one appointed to decide disputes based on law.
Senator: one who writes laws
#problem ?
shocking news!! Not. Division in our government is disheartening. No one wants to work TOGETHER Compromise is key.
what the hell does "legalism over lives" mean?! You mean he supports the law? Weren't you the AG for California?
idiota
And that is EXACTLY what a judge should do. They are beholden to the Constitution; not your feelings.
That is the exact description of what judges are supposed to do
Yeah, why would we want a Justice to follow the law?
Legalisms define our nation. Sad you are a Senator and do not know that. Did you miss Civics and History 101?
Is that the Democratic approach these days? Laws don't matter, feelings do?
Sadly, it's been that way for a very long time!
you mean he respected the rule of law instead of ruling by passion? That's... what all judges should do.
Yeah, who cares about those autistic people?
translation: "Gorsuch follows the law, and respects the law, I refuse to support him"
Do you even understand what a judge is supposed to do?
you mean he does make up the law like the progressive liberal justices.  You are a joke.
not to insult your intelligence, but that is precisely what a judge is supposed to do. Especially at the highest level.
How are you a politician?? People like you who don't even know what the law is should not be allowed to run the country
She is a lawmaker who doesn't understand our Constitution.
no, you don't understand the role of SCOTUS. sorry.
Gorsuch is an excellent judge. He's an experienced textualist, dems are trying hard to have a "problem" with him
Loved him for the Tenth....how times change.
*ahem*  Merrick Garland was loved by Republicans, turnabout is fair play.
seems like you're missing something. This may help http://lmgtfy.com/?q=Legal+system 
Another reason California is so bad. They don't even value the law. Sen Harris with a joke of a position.
@robdelaney I met you at a Planned Parenthood fundraiser in 2012 & you were the brightest sharpest politician Ive ever met.
If that's the best you've met, you must not have met anyone else. This one is an embarrassment.
Illegal, deported 4X, rapes 2 yr old girl-->need reconstructive surgery.DearJesus we've had enough!
he valued legalisms?? Isn't that what he's supposed to do, follow the law? You are pathetic.
We could do a lot worse that Gorusch, and I wouldn't be opposed to his consideration after we sit Merrick Garland. That's my main issue.
Do we all agree?Legalism?Miss Harris, your lack of intelligent argument is astounding.
Why not just admit,he's outstanding
You won't support him because you're a partisan hack, and that's all there is to it.
What an inappropriate statement as a sitting senator. Dems want judges to rule by emotion and not law.
Only when the law is applied dispasionately can it be fair to all. What you want is special treatment based on emotisms.
.@SenKamalaHarris We hope you WILL support a filibuster. 
Yes, filibuster so the GOP can override it with a simple majority and this idiocy stops forever.
#TheSupremeCourt just overturned Gorsuch 2008 ruling for the exact same reason. #SCOTUS said NO on GORSUCH
99% of the time, SCOTUS sides with Judge Gorsuch. If they disagreed once, they made a mistake.


Back away from the Kool Aid.
the law is the people's protection. We elect the lawmakers and can replace them/demand new laws.
A judge who ignores the law is a tyrant.
So you won't vote for a judge who rules based on the constructs of the law and Constitution?  Your ignorance is showing.
Because what we really need are lawless judges.
Good to know you don't value the constitution which is the bedrock of the greatest system anywhere.  Every Dem unanimous supported last time
#Kamala doesn't need no stinkin' Constitution she swore to uphold.She does what she wants
And Kamala doesn't need no stinkin' laws, she hates laws!
Oh, that makes PERFECT sense! How do these people get elected?
Apparently we can just throw out everything back to the Magna Carta and just go with the "feelz".
#TheSupremeCourt just overturned Gorsuch 2008 ruling UNANIMOUSLY for her same reason. #SCOTUS said NO on GORSUCH
AH, so the SCOTUS now approves its own nominees. Interesting, I missed that amendment. 1/2
A notation on the quality of Nominee's ruling, overturned UNANIMOUSLY with bipartisan agreement. He added "Merely"
you shouldn't support him because the GOP stole the seat from Garland. Plain and simple.
.@SenKamalaHarris admits she doesn't understand how any of it works....so sad.
#VoteThemOut
Ma'm, you actually went to law school? It's not about "people", it's about interpreting what the law IS!
Said the woman who claims the unborn dont have "REAL" lives
"LEGALISMS"?!?! And you are an elected official in our government?! No wonder you people are losing constantly.
poor excuse, since that's a judges job. Derp. How do people like you even get voted in office? Shame on you. Try again
so you think Justices Thomas & Alito should disregared any sense of legalism and do what "THEY THINK" is right?  SMH
yes those damn judges following the law, how dare he not listen to your feelings instead!
legalisms? that's because politician criminals do not do crimes or capital crimes, you do scandal.
If the "legalisms" are harmful, whose job is it to change the law, SENATOR? @SenKamalaHarris
Legalisms...as in the "law"? Isn't that the job of the judge? #IgnorantISM #Gorsuch
bravo! Everyone should hope our Judges decide cases based on feelings, not Law. Oh...wait.....never mind.
but legalisms are his job tho...
who would want a judge who values legalism ?
typical response from someone who puts D party over the USA. Ironic that he was nearly unanimous a few years ago. #Partisan
Legalisms....the LAW which JUDGES are supposed to uphold blindly. What are you smoking?
U're a democrat! U'll oppose his nomination regardless because u have no moral compass.
do you realize what you  just tweeted? There is no possible way you are ignorant regarding the function of the judiciary!
Are you nuts?  That is what they are supposed to do.  They base decisions on law, not feelings!  Ashamed of you!
You mean to say that you are against Judge Gorsuch because he follows the rule of law? #MAGA #Trump45 #TrumpTrain
An oath to "support and defend the Constitution" was something you took as well, Senator.  He's upholding laws of CONGRESS!
you have got to be kidding 
Yeah, the law is so silly. Judges should only decide cases based on whose feelings are hurt more.
Is it not the job a judge to apply the law?
Admit to us that @TheDemocrats want judges who will make the laws U cannot pass in congress!!
U DO know the impact laws have on people's lives is YOUR job, right? Judges weigh constitutionality ONLY.
If you think the law is wrong, rewriting the law is YOUR job, not the judges. Quit whining about no doing your job.
so embarrassed-I'm forced to have this reprehensible idiot represent us   #not my senator
If this was Roe v Wade you'd expect him to answer legalistically and not according to his morals. Can't have it both ways
Do you know how this whole thing works or.....????
You consistently value ILLEGALISMS over AMERICAN lives. I support you being jailed for it. #tcot #ccot #ycot
He's SUPPOSED to value legalisms over feelings. It's the BASIS of the job, you muppet.
Your job is to write laws. Would it be his job to ignore those laws in favor of whose life is most "real?"
Yes, Kamala - that's exactly what judges SHOULD do.  Value the law.
If you feel that wait then what is to stop you from making decisions that provide you personal gain. Such a bad senator.
Translation: I won't support him since he upholds law. Here's a thought, don't like the law change it until then follow it!
Not much for upholding the Law are you? #SpecialKindOfStupid
You took an oath to uphold the Constitution yet you are voting against upholding it! UR a special kind of stupid! #POTUS
Whoever doubted how you were going to vote?
Is this tweet satire? 'Legalisms?' You mean a judge who applies the law sans your progressive disdain for it?
Same type of lunacy she displayed and Atty General in California, when she did not do her job there. sad non represenative
 drank the lib koolaide
what the heck is legalism - you mean following the rule of law? Exactly what a judge is suppose to do! Your pathetic!
You are kidding right?  "Legalism" is his job.
this is absolutely the stupidest, most absurd tweet I've ever seen.
who cares what you think,going nuclear, not only this nominee, but others if possible,you guys are so screwed on this topic
Shocking!!
Apparently she was not elected by Americans.    And didn't understand the Oath of office.
Enjoy your last term in office.
you're not supporting him b/c of Merrick Garland. Just say it. You fraud.
We have laws! You break the the law or go against the constitution you pay the price.
If you are doing your job by emotion rather than what is right, maybe you should find a new line of work.
how are you this stupid?
WTF??
and when killers do little to no time because of legislature, victims families have no rights. #ShameOnCalifornia
A judge who values the law? OMG BURN HIM!! @SenKamalaHarris @sfchronicle
Judge Gorsuch has consistently valued legalisms over real lives. I won't support his nomination. http://www.sfchronicle.com/opinion/openforum/article/Sen-Kamala-Harris-Why-I-cannot-support-Judge-11024088.php …
. @SenKamalaHarris save your phony platitudes. He could be John Marshall reincarnate, but he's nominated by @POTUS, so you will vote NO.
thank you Senator Harris for fighting for us.
What in the world does that even mean?
bullshit
/\
#Senator rejects nominee #Gorsuch because he would do his job correctly! She needs a course on civics.
"He follows the law and I just can't support that"

Wow that's just... wow....
God forbid we should want anyone to follow the law. #sanctuarycities
wouldn't want a judge that follows the law.  Did you happen to actually read what you tweeted?  Unreal 
As an attorney,isn't a judge supposed to issue rulings based on the law (you know,'legalisms'),and not ideology or emotion?
Really? Your argument would be thrown out in a court of law or debate at law school. Or high school debate for that matter.
You want a SCOTUS pick who cares about social justice as opposed to justice. Be honest with the idiots who voted for you.
 Figuring out what the hell shes up to Thats a bridge too far
Wait a fucking minute. Isn't that his job as a judge??? To uphold the LAW???? Too many judges allow emotion to come first.
Look and laugh at the moron who doesn't understand the role of the Supreme Court.
So you don't want a judge who follows the law?
So you support illegalisms? SMH!
Judge Gorsuch has consistently valued the written rule of law instead of rewriting it:
Laws are not written to protect feelings.
I'm not in your state but I thank you for your actions.
2. feelings about what constitutes the good life, try the legislative process. That is the system of separation of powers
and I won't support u next election!!
aren't you a lawyer? Rationales like yours is what's killing our values
Thanks for the article. Wanted to give him the benefit of the doubt. No longer.
