Please also help the young immigrants who were left out of #DACA due to arbitrary reasons. We all deserve a chance to remain home #SAVEDACA
Awwww...home sweet home
? lol
You think it's funny
i think you're funny :)
You weren't brought here you're an anchor baby or you came alone cuz your parents abandon you. President Obama should have sent you back.
I was factually brought here lol...Also have great parents hahah. THANK YOU for my daily dose of entertainment!
Also, for someone so "American", you could really go back to 1st grade to learn how to conjugate verbs LOL
NOPE. That was Obama's government. Those days are gone! 
#BUILDtheWALL  #passRAISEact  #Welfare2WORK  #FEDERALvoterID   #immigrationREFORM
got her now!!
Nope. That was obama. And they're illegal
Nazis/GOP don't care about promises or the rule of law. Dems must remember this.
Funny. How about the constitution and laws dems promised to follow, but ignore the laws to deport illegal aliens and attack our rights
Protect legel immigrants not criminals
your saying reward Illegals who broke our law? lets open it up to everyone who breaks the law? Why just Illigals? Everyone has a sob story
Not just are Government but the majority of Americans.
No Obama made that promise and it was unconstitutional
Will not defend illegality. We are a nation of Laws not feelings.
Impeach trump NOW!!
Better idea. Keep rioting. Trump declares martial law. Antifa and BLM have turned the cops and military against the left. Who wins?
@SenKamalaHarris How can we the people assist?
Keep rioting. Trump declares martial law. Antifa and BLM have attacked and turned the cops and military against the left. Guess who wins
We will keep that promise President Obama we need your voice #defend daca
How about you take a couple into your house
Where does it say that I should get a c free ride?
I believe it was an Executive Order.  Which means it was Obama, NOT our Government.  Our Government includes all 3 branches. Like it or not
no need.protect also can,its a choise
No. Disgraced XPres Obama made that unconstitutional BS promise to them. SCOTUS Scalia let him know he would vote against it & ended up dead
Our government (citizens) owe them nothing
We are all immigrants!  America flourishes with diverse people and new ideas
I think we are ALL immigrants to this country. There were Native Americans before we came.
Just like the promise you made to protect the constitution and enforce our laws, but ignore laws to deport illegal aliens & try to ban guns
Yes, these young people should not be betrayed
So you'll be taking a few in at your home?
Wow, trying your best to bring in more voters into the fold before you lose the 3.5 million in voter fraud
Hillary won by three million and in over twenty years conservatives only one once by popular vote aka you're losers
You win a participation trophy. Hillary can put it on her mantle in her home that's not the white house.
President Obama also promised I could keep my doctor AND save $2,500 per year on my health insurance premiums, so...
no....it is a big lie to attract democraptic voters. Just like your political life...a big lie.
I never agreed to obama's "promise" to do this so too bad for illegal aliens.
Dream on Dreamers #DefendDACA
#DefundDACA
Our government made promises to protect American lives but Americans are still being slaughtered at the human slaughterhouse
You mean ILLEGALS?
You are a 1st term Senator, and you can't be expected to know stuff like the Constitution yet. An Executive Order is not the Government!
Janet Napolitano did not have the authority to make any such a promise.  But now she can grant extra recess.
President Obama tried to destroy this country. His mentor Jeremiah Wright who said on several occasions God Damn America.
Protect them as we haul them back to the border
No, democrats made that promise so they can pay slave wages to illegals and gain votes. EVERYONE needs to follow the law
Obama made that promise. Kind of like "if you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor".
The first thing about illegal immigration is that it's ILLEGAL!!!! Wake up!
Nope our government didn't - @barack Obama terms are over - in case you didn't notice
What about the promise Obama made. "If you like your doctor you can keep your doctor." Yea.... Govt is doing a great job in keeping promises
No. That was an executive order made by one person.

Who is trying to deport the Dreamers? How many have been deported under Trump, who had not committed another crime besides coming illegally.
Do you support the Dream Act then? #DefendDACA
Hell no #DefundDaca #Buildthewall
Did I ask you? Are you my senator?
YES, OUR GOVERNMENT DID, but WE THE PEOPLE DID NOT!

#RATLINES 
#AWANBROTHERS
#SILKWAY
#DIPLOMATICLOOPHOLES
#BLACKBERRIES
#SPYRING
#CROOKS
No not if they are NOT doing their part, become a citizen, Not live off of welfare, Learn our language. We are NOT a FREE daycare
Then YOU pay for it
It was a promise given without asking the 100,000,000+ whose pockets were picked, Kamala, to provide for them. You elitists are so sick..
Obama lied and made a promise he did not have the power to make. He should have ask, because the American People rejected it. #DefendDACA
Typical Dem - pandering for votes early.
5 years... So they have become naturalized citizens by now and dont need special treatment?
elected officials have a lot of nerve citing promises the government  made to the American people. Get a job!
We must protect the rule of law for all Americans.
Have you proposed a cut off date or do you advocate for the policy to carry in perpetuity? Be logical not emotional.
actually no we don't.  My family came here LEGALLY from Germany and so can they. Laws are laws.
http://insider.foxnews.com/2017/04/23/illegal-immigrant-killed-boy-whose-father-spoke-out-against-sanctuary-cities … #deport
Obamas promise was a lie.He filled safe neighborhoods with ms 13 gang members.That murdered innocent Americans.
On Sept. 1, 2017 Texas is banning #SanctuaryCities, that's in 16 more days! Thank you @GregAbbott_TX! #DefendDACA Cali  will ban NEXT Ca
Don't #DefendDACA!!! #BuildTheWall and #SendThemBack!!!!
Lol! Now that's real!
remember a promise that went.."if you like your doctor you can keep your doctor."  Keep supporting illegal immigration and youll keep losing
So if you came home and I was sitting in your house eating your food and consuming your electricity I'm just an undocumented house guest
I'm all for protecting immigrants just not illegal immigrants I just can't comprehend how you don't understand that they're here illegally
Guess you should have passed a law - because the law says they are illegal.
So these type of people then?
https://t.co/dcn9DEqcZw?ssr=true
Nah, YOU should keep your promise to the idiots that elected you and take care of them. Illegals need to go back home to their govt/nation
Actually, our government, through our elected Congress, said, "No." Only Obama said yes and Trump is under no obligation to keep O's promise
Illegal promise made by an illegal President. 
There's a new Sheriff in town. 
He put Americans first.
I just need you to tell me when is it ok to deport someone here illegally. Can you do that?
And you are a communist.
We’re all responsible for our actions. Including ILLEGAL ALIENS. I don't care what their story is, deport them all. They're here ILLEGAL.LY!
We're not going anywhere and if we do hell will break loose guarantee you
The Dems should get drinking water to AMERICANS in Flint Michigan BEFORE adopting ILLEGALS Kammy!!
No Barack made a promise.
Just like a Marxist to fund their pretty little Utopias with other people's money
Would you support Maxine Waters for POTUS?
What about the PROMISE the government made to the MILLION'S of VETERAN'S? You should run for PRESIDENT in MEXICO!
DAPA ruled illegal & has been shut down. Why so eager to separate these kids from their family? #defendDACA by sending them home w/ parents.
@BarackObama made this promise with his illegal executive order.  If this program becomes a law, then we can talk.
Our government promised protection, long before that, to its OWN citizens. DO YOUR JOB and stop being a traitor to Americans.
Certainly wasn't any gov't that I voted for. End the fraud that is #DACA- so sorry it'll affect your illegal voting base.
One man made a promise that he didn't have the authority to make
RIP OFF THE BANDAID! Support for @realDonaldTrump administration. AMERICA has his back, he is always right! No trust @115congress
Wrong-- OBAMA signed an unconstitutional executive order, & a temporary one at that. Clearly, you're pandering for a 2020 presidential run.
We are America  from sea to shining sea. We are America  the land of the free and the home of the brave. We are America 
Our constitution granted certain powers to our government. Honor your oath Senator. Maybe you can reconcile why Dems didn't do reform?
Can't make promises to illegals. Unless you don't care about laws. Which Dems don't.
Youre government is BANKRUPTING US. Deport Illegal Immigrants and their anchor babies!
You protect and encourage illegal immigration as Americans suffer in tent cities accross CA.
Unless they're involved in crime or gangs and by the way you're one of the rudest women towards everybody that I've ever seen lighten up
LOL...lost for any other response
No immergrants not until BLacks are paid reparations first!
Seriously?!?!?
YES!
I think blacks who lived in the Jim Crow era do deserve reparations. I just think D.C and people in power won't do anything.
Our government also made a promise to the American people to defend the laws it established.
You also made a promise to defend the constitution, yet you and the dems trample the constitution daily.
Obama promised....we are withdrawing that illegal promise.
President Obama made that promise no t America, we own nothing to those who violate our laws and jump the line on entering our country.
Unfortunately NOT with 45 holding our highest office. Let's NOT forget his hatred spews regarding illegal Latinos.Wrong skin color for him.
You do realize Obama deported a record number of illegal immigrants right? Did you call it hate then? Enforcing the law isn't hate
I wonder just what you think "Deferred Action" means? You certainly know what Pandering means.
Our government made bigger promise to 325 Million citizens first. #AmericaFirst #MAGA #CitizensFirst
You also swore an oath to the law. Your job is to protect & represent your American citizens, not illegal aliens. Do your job
Didn't we promise to protect our inner city blacks as well? Let's do that first
No YOUR Marxist president made that promise without asking Americans.
YES Sen Kamala Harris your tweet (notification) 12:15pm TRUTHFULLY, (Family)  Always tweet ; I do, nights.
Please share the travel advisory in case they are in or should be traveling through Missouri.  http://Www.monaacp.org  @NimrodChapel
Not if their parents are criminals!  We should not be protecting them.  There are (or should be ) consequences to breaking the law !
Your government created some laws a few yrs ago called the Fed. Code. It is upto you to uphold them and not reward ppl who break them
The immigration federal code. Unless it is challenged and overturned, it is still the law
Refer to 8 CFR. Educate yourself and learn to do your own homework
why are D-Senators completing paper work for Trump's judge appointees?aren't they boycotting?W/ conservative/corrupt judges we're regressing
Your BFF BO made that promise. On 11/8/16voted 2 rid of such UNLAWFUL promise. Reunite them w/ their respective families in their homeland
The guy in the WH does not care about promises. He has not been able to deliver on one campaign promise.
Obama did by executive order. It's not legislation.
Between DACA & the immigrants that served our country in wartime that they want to deport the US should be very ashamed. Shame, shame.
Anybody who has served in US military should be given citizenship. No brainer
DECA is an important issue Senator but the highest of priorities in legislation right now is stopping @POTUS ability to use the nuclear code
Obama made the promise. Our Gov did not. Why lie?

Muslim Terrorist.
