Women have plenty of facilities to get great care & an abortion clinic that commits murder daily isn't needed. We will not be silenced!
Neither will we. Right to choose. #ImpeachTrump
@TexArcana @SenKamalaHarris your "choice" is one of claiming children are property and therefore are your slaves
so you have no argument
Since when is killing babies preventive? Reactive at best. But I'm sure you do health screenings, mammograms & prenatal care? Oh, never mind
Yup they sure do! The PP in my area doesn't even offer abortion services!
Yeah right
I haven't seen your plan to fix #ACA. I'm sure your staff is hard at work coming up with a better solution. Good ideas win. Blaming doesn't.
Yes, and women will die from the careless whispers of this bill written by angry white men who play golf to find their balls.
No one is being blocked. ANother dumb democrat with the HATE speech lies. KKK, Nazi, Racism, bigot, sexism sorry losers the jig is up #maga
that's just wrong. Most of what they do has NOTHING to do with abortions.
They claimed only 3% abortions. Reality is 12%. Take away federal funding and 86% of revenue is from abortions.
You're wrong but don't let facts get in the way of that. Most revenue comes from Govmt. 42% spent on STDs.
read the tweet. 

TAKE AWAY FEDERAL FUNDING and 86% of revenue is from abortions.
stop spreading your legs w/o protection and wont have to worry about abortions. teach ur constituents how to be responsible and not entitled
STOP KILLING BABIES
STAY OUT OF VAGINAS!
Your's looks pretty nice......
You're awfully silent on the way Muslims treat women in Muslim countries as well as your own country and your own state. 
#FGM
It's sad that you care more about how women are treated in other countries rather than your own.
why do you think women have a right to kill their baby if someone kills them while pregnant it's a double homicide Quit killing the INNOCENT
One is a choice made by the person carrying the fetus and the other isn't, it's that simple. Why is that so hard to understand?
So your saying a woman has the right to kill her baby? You can call it a fetus but is still a baby unless you kill it the baby has no choice
Defund planned parenthood. Baby killers.

No killing humans is wrong
Women that kill their babies are muderors
Based on your religious believe, not the law. You are not better then ppl wanting sharia law
many of the same folks chanting “NO SHARIA LAW!” are so quick to use their own religion to dictate their laws affecting others. sickening
I scream "no sharia law" but I also believe women/men should have some responsibility&having countless abortions is not being responsible
PP services are about 3% abortions.
Now show me the figures showing the amount of money they've made off of selling infant body parts
Well, generally speaking those “parts” were fetal tissue for scientific research, with consent.
K
Fact: a baby's heart beats and pumps its own blood 18 days after conception. Why do you advocate for this? .@PPact lies to you.
Because @PPact services go FAR BEYOND performing abortions.  Why can't you see that??
Why can't you see the error of your ways?
Men have to stand up too. It's not up to just one gender to do the right thing.
Surely Kamala you should know that you condone silencing millions of women through your murdering point of view being pro-abortion for PP.
But those pesky little pieces of mass tissue in them will! Wait!You could sale the tissues and make profit off it for support? #Infanticide
Infanticide is defined as a mother killing her child within a year of birth... not the removal of a blastocyst forming within her body
So that is what you are calling a baby in a women's womb? It's still murder of a human being no matter what you call him or her.
It is a fetus. It is not a person. It is a cluster of cells with potential
So the idea is to slaughterhouse the potential?
Slaughterhouse? What if fetus has abnormalities which result in no chance of survival out of womb? Must the woman's life be put at risk?
Good question? Let's ask Stephen Hawking (we may not agree) but his life has value. I dare NOT posit self into pregnancy.
But yes, lets compare a fetus not forming properly to someone who becomes disabled later in life. (Sarcasm btw incase you can't tell)
Kanala unlike you, most women know how not to get pregnant.
If you want to fight for PP take abortion out of the equation.  Healthcare should not include abortion.  PP offers birth control pills right
Blocking millions of innocents from being murdered is heroic. Planned Parenthood is a temple to Molech and a murder mill.
Women continue to be oppressed, marginalized and treated as secondary citizens even in Western societies
Then VOTE for crying out loud! Dems talk but don;t vote. Ask Jon Ossoff!
http://www.lifenews.com/2016/04/07/planned-parenthood-donated-81000-to-kamala-harris-who-ransacked-david-daleidens-home/ … this what your soul is worth, $81k? you're a shill for a baby killing machine u don't give a shit about women health
all women can use @PPact just that i shouldn't have to pay for them. stop using tax payer funds & enjoy all the abortions you'd like
Ah..Didn't say NO TAXES I said they shouldn't go to PVT co that makes 200m/yr & eguating defund to not caring abt women is more Dem lies
I beg of all women to find their voice!!
except the 450 females planned parenthood kills everyday right? Smh.
How many will bet that if men needed planned parenthood it wld be covered 100%?
You spelled blocking our tax dollars from  being funneled to fund Democrat campaigns wrong...
I'm sure everyones delighted to pay for 45's multiple golf excursions though......
Preventative care can be accessed from clinics we don't need PP and they don't need our tax dollars if they are contributing to politics
So things that contribute to politics dont need tax dollars?? There goes the military, mainstream media etc etc etc
The branches of of the military don't help fund campaigns & the mainstream media shouldn't be getting our tax dollars.
What next? Stopping payments to medical staff at Cleveland Clinic Foundation, because the city of Cleve didnt vote GOP?
It's about LIFE! Know the history of PP? #babiesaremurderedhere
Yeah cause the tax payers need to supply over priced condoms and birth control to hide the fact that PP is killing babies and selling them!
Babies?? As in infants who reached 9months gestation and were born? Or your definition which anthromorphises a bunch of cells?
#HeartBeatDetectedBabyProtected Democrats=The party of Bad choice.
Now preventing children is called "preventive care"? How callous!
Do you want to pay for these children if they are born?Or are you like all anti-choicers?Pro-life til its born then everyone is on their own
You are not Pro-Choice; you are pro-abortion.  The "choice" was made when the act leading to conception occurred. The families should pay.
Blocking Drs & Nurses from being able to BILL for the med services rendered, based on their street address or clinic name, is wrong.
What "Preventive Care" does PP offer? they REFER for Mammograms, they kill unborn (& also some mothers), sell baby body parts, fund Dems.
How did PP donate $1 million to Ossoff if they are so dependent on taxpayer money.

Can you please send me the address of Planned Parenthood in my area? Zip code 87505 I need a mamogram
What does PP have to do with mamograms? Lumps in breast tissue have nothing to do with 'sex related services'
What?
Planned Parenthood, is a nonprofit organization that provides reproductive health care
You are aiming at them not doing mammograms. It's not in their scoop.
https://www.c-span.org/video/?328410-1/planned-parenthood-president-cecile-richards-testimony-taxpayer-funding …
Its 19 +mins long Can you focus that long or do you only deal with DNC talking points?
Not sure why you felt the need to be rude
You are right. That was snarky.
Why did they need PP when everyone was supposed to have Ocare?
Planned Parenthood is a clinic.  Ocare is insurance.  You use insurance to pay for healthcare at a clinic.
Well if you have insurance then you don't have to have PP you can go to any clinic that takes your insurance
BS Kamala. Why should my tax dollars fund abortion slaughterhouse?
But youre happy for them to be spent dropping bombs on Syrian children?? Suppose the middle eastern children just arent as special to you ..
Syrians have been fighting for hundreds of years, children are collateral damage and not good but their parents need to care first.
PP is not the only place women can get preventative healthcare with low or no income. Get over it! Yes, that is coming from a woman.
Depends on where you live.
Teach the kids to close her legs or use rubbers. Be a parent. Stop killing and taking the easy way out. Sound better?
oh it's so simple isn't it? I don't tell anyone what to do with their bodies.
No. Being a parent is hard work.
No one should have to pay for the murder of a unborn child. You want to kill a child pay for it your self. Not with my tax dollars.
@DarkSithFor18 what we need to be yelling about is this: this $ would have helped a lot of women
I've posted that all over the place
My favorite is on #FlipThe6th tweets
it's crazy. Who authorized this $ to be spent this way? WTAF?!!
They make their own rules
If they can spend $800k on an election, they can certainly operate with an $800k budget cut
They fucked over A LOT of people. I'm disappointed in PPH . I'm also disappointed that feminist aren't kicking their asses! 
Excuse the Lang
Are you able to get preventive care from a place that doesn't sell baby parts? And if so wouldn't it make sense to do so?
Sadly, SenHarris, SOME women don't care. They have $$, paid insurance at job or thru spouses, etc. Cant see beyond own lives. Trump voters
@karenhandel wasn't silenced.
Just hate it-tax payer $$ stop lining DNC pockets via Planned Parenthood. Care to dispute these facts Kamala...I know you can't!
#CorruptDNC
#DrainTheSwamp
#DrainCongressionalSwamp
#StopSpecialInterest
Washington DC is corrupt
Put my tax dollars in healthcare clinics  not abortion clinics.
Who is blocking millions from getting preventive care at PP? I ask this earnestly.
Yeah, sorry about your free stuff.
you're a liar only planned parenthood is sn abortion you provide no other health service
Emm they do birth control,prenatal care& support&advice for those wishing to avoid stds or pregnancy.Don't be a ballbag & educate yourself.
Abortions that have to be paid by tax payers actually save taxpayers money in the long run. But if a text is murder what is abortion?
It would seem that lies are part and parcel of your existence.  Don't try to make me fund a murder mill, period. #dishonest
#PP isn't going away. Don't worry.
Women and girls do need this service no matter what income, so do men and boys... It'll be OK.
Well I'm sure you know I'm not a woman . But you dam sure have my support I we defended this nation not just for man but for woman as well
We need a mean Dem leader who will not tolerate bullshit and give them right back. Time for civility is long past. Kick the rabid out
If we hurt their wallets,  they will start to listen. GOP love money. Let's take their money.
You've never been silent in your life. 
Maybe it's time.
Shut Up!
don't they have Obamacare, u know wonderful obama care, can't they afford it?
NEVER HAVE AND NEVER WILL!
You realize that planned parenthood founder tried to eliminate your race don't you?
Novel concept - pay for your own life - it's not a communal pay-thing!
Abortion is not preventive birth-control or healthcare
fell a woman that
I AM a woman Jimmy and I firmly believe that if I want to be active sexually, I should take birth control which is very affordable
Have you ever considered abstinence??If you can't afford to have/raise a child you should not be having unprotected sex...accidents happen
preventive care?? Why not say what you mean.. abortion.., I thought you wanted separation of vagina and government
Planned parenthoods mission is to abort children. Thousands of women's health clinics exist for pre natal and other health care issues.
stop lying and go away. you are no obama!
Black lives are just matter to Planned Parenthood and the Democrats.
Men making choices for women shouldn't happen. They do this then bitch about money to families that can't afford their children....
Or for the cost of healthcare for low income families. #ifeellikeimtakingcrazypills
People exposing PP lies wil not be silenced either.
Emm I think you'll find its the repungnant republicans trying to speak and make choices for all women...when majority of them are men
Then stop killing babies...
If you are talking about abortion, fetuses are not babies...
If a fetus is a person can a pregnant woman drive in the carpool lane?
Me: I hate abortions, I hope all abortions stop/cease!
However that is the Woman's decision..
You should have no say in the matter
So if it's my child I should have no say???.. hmm I think not.. if "she" does not want my baby then grant me all parental rights..simple
Healthcare is a Human Right not a corporate right!
GOP DC ochlocrats R testing how far a sick person can get,as his life's almost over & don't care 4 avenge immolation
GOP DC ochlocrats R criminals & should play baseball more often,AM's upset & everyone w guns https://twitter.com/SenKamalaHarris/status/877985293063733248 … https://twitter.com/LorenzoLopezMer/status/877843253806088192 …
Pay for your own abortion.
Beginning Monday, Dem Senators must lead a protest outside Mitch's office.  Anyone who can should join in ... force McConnell's hand
Time for another march  on Washington?
I stand with you and Planned Parenthood
Then spill:How many Taxpayer Dollars do you corrupt Dems get from PP? How many from PP selling Baby Parts? How many Blacks & BF's aborted?
Of this blocking that you speak of, who will be doing this?  Feds, state police, national guard? Please be specific.
Preventive. are does not mean abortions because you didn't take precautions!  Get off this Kamala, women aren't behind you.
FIGHT!
No we will not.
You mean millions of babies being murdered.  We will not be silenced on this issue.  Defund @PPact
Do not pay for abortions with our money. CEO makes 600,000 yr. They should be private practice and survive like clinics
that's one thing McConnell is good at, shushing/ignoring the ladies.
Or the men who care about them 
you would think so, but why did so many women vote for Trump?
God Kamala, I doubt you ever were silent. You can't shut up long enough for people to answer a question you asked. Fool
This isn't mean. It's unconscionable. The GOP cannot be fought with words. There's no appealing to their heart. Lots of legal actions needed
You're right. But I wouldn't know how to begin.
It's going to fall on the shoulders of politicians, lawyers and groups like ACLU. We can support them when they ask.
I want to see Y-O-U be the FIRST to go to Planned Parenthood for health care.
More than 19 million black babies have been aborted since the 1973 Roe v. Wade U.S. Supreme Court decision legalized abortion in our country
Dear Ms Harris - since when is murder synonymous with 'preventive care'?
Time for women to rise up! Hell No
We are the majority! Where do these old white bastards get off making decisions about our bodies? GOP OUT
get over your racism, maybe you'll understand no one's taking choices from you. the issue is whether or not I should pay for your bad choice
And what of the baby's voice?  What of your silence toward Asra Nomani?
Its a bunch of cells...it has no vocal cord or sentience
Good thing your mother didn't feel that way
Killing babies is evil.

People block women from getting birthcontrol don't make sense. BS stops abortions
Do you know how many baby girls have been slaughtered for profit by PP?  Now, that's silence isn't it?
Women's care is FULLY available at dr's & clinics-PP doesn't offer FULL womens service except 4 abortion
Pretty sure an entity that receives millions in donations (not to mention $$$ for chopped up baby parts) doesn't need taxpayer money.
Any female Senator voting for this bill should hang their heads in shame. Also I have 3 daughters with pre existing conditions
Where does this hatred towards women come from?!?!?!?!?!?
What preventive care does PP offer - birth control and abortions ??
Call your local PP and ask if they do preventative care?  You already know what the answer is. NO We are not stupid!
The problem is the women who are speaking up in favor of blocking access to PP for their sisters and daughters.
Not surprising with Texan Sens leading the way. Texas has highest maternal mortality rate plus most restrictive abortion laws in the nation
High teen pregnancy rates, too.
Which puts us up there for high school drop-out rates.

preventative care @ PP? That's hilarious! Abstinence is free; birth control is cheap & easy 2 get. They just want 2 kill.
Please go back to the dark ages where you belong. Abstinence 
because you're too "evolved" to keep your legs together?
Don't you words you don't understand, 'evolution' doesn't sound like it's your thing
A lack of self control is not conducive 2 evolution. The strong survive; weak get STDs & kill their young.
The Senator gets it. She understands what needs to be said and done. Are you listening @SenateDems? #NotOneStepBack
Planned Parenthood donated hundreds and  thousands of dollars to you. Looks like you got a second job being their cheerleader. Pom pom girl.
I completely disagree
Health care should be about clinical need and not how much money you have! Long live the NHS!
If they have money to donate to Democratic candidates then PP does not need my money. Abortion is murder and I do not want to support it.
Preventing what?
sorry to say but idiot conservative women don't care about being oppressed...
I wouldnt call murdering kids as part of health care.
Strange, I'm pretty sure the 14k clinics that DON'T perform abortions can absorb the pts from the 700 PP clinics.
Innocent babies lives will be saved by blocking funding for PP
The more you talk, the more you lose. Let's hear you.
so maybe females in congress could call police stations and ask for frequent patrols around abortion clinics
Partner with @SenGillibrand, @maziehirono @SenJoniErnst @SenatorFischer @SenatorCollins @SenCapito @lisamurkowski @SenWarren #StandwithPP
Shouldn't be since we are over half the population of this country
Planned Parenthood can donate money to demonstrate they can fund murder with body parts. Not my tax dollars.
Are you Taliban? Sounds like it. How many dead kids from #Conservatives failed wars, failed health care? @ksmith6469 cc:@SenKamalaHarris
US Talibs like @ksmith6469 loves when his tax dollars go to baby killers like Blackwater, Monsanto, Carlyle, etc.
cc:@SenKamalaHarris
Just the unborn women...
what we gonna do about it!
Purchase at the local drug store. Your argument doesn't hold water. Straw man! Any other care, use healthcare system! Aka: obamacare
Planned Parenthood spending $800,000 on #GA06 special election instead of using that money on preventative care for women is wrong
Senator, don't you think free birth control would be a good idea?
You will still be able to kill babies. But taxpayers will not have to pay for the killing.
Bill not closing PP. Just saying "we the people" don't want to pay for your abortion.
You are lying through your teeth!
They want to defund healthcare for kids, cut school funding, cut housing while taking away PP funding for birth control. Makes no sense
I won't be silenced either. Why is this "care" offered from inside an old Radio Shack?
This was @VP @mike_pence experience as Governor de-funding Planned Parenthood!!! U'd think he'd learn!
How many of the women senators are voting to block other women from getting preventative care?
Or men! My son just had vasectomy through planned parenthood. Family planning, not just abortions!
Except PP even says they don't do preventive care. Call them and ask them.
Perhaps. But old white men are the ones with the votes.
with all due respect.... women can access care at comm clinics. PP must publicly addr 325K abortions they perform each yr.
When I was 20, working as waitress to pay for college, I got my first OB/Gyn exam BC pills from PP.They prevent unwanted pregnancies. Period

What "preventive" care would that be?
You call abortion preventive care. You sick wicked woman.
The CDC is also crucial stop budget cuts trump and cronies are either greedy morons or greedy crazies
What 'preventive care'? Like preventing the baby from being born? Abortion is PP's main business.
They don’t do mammograms because PP is under funded & can’t afford the machines. They do less costly screenings but I know you don’t give af
Let them stop donating to elections and they won't need taxpayer money
What about the 330K babies being killed?!
Also why is PP donating 734K to #Ossoff campaign? NO MORE TAX DOLLARS FOR MURDER!!!
Why not the Alzheimer's Assoc, National MS Society, United Way, Goodwill, and countless other.  They are only after PP.  Why is that?
If Planned Parenthood can donate millions to Democrat campaigns they don't need our tax dollars
The Evangelical Cult of Franklin Graham sold their souls to the devil to overturn Roe v Wade. They are Pro-Birth. Not Pro-Life.
no one is blocking anyone from using @PPact they're a multi-million dollar company, why do they need my money? to donate to @DNC? #DeFund
If @PPact can afford to donate big money to Congressional campaigns in Georgia, then why do my tax dollars help fund it?
I grew up in America with a dream that I would be an equal as a woman.

I have suffered sexual abuse as a small child.
I fought to get college degrees against psychological and physical barriers.
I fight for a place and voice in my industry which does not tend to provide adequate benefits.

I cry for myself and all women.
Don't we want more for our daughters?
Abortion is NOT health care FYI
@SenKamalaHarris Thank you for looking out for Women
Meanwhile future women and men are silenced at the rate of 125,000 abortions/day.
Fact - the ACA LOWERED  THE ABORTION RATE! https://www.google.com/amp/www.latimes.com/nation/la-na-us-abortion-rates-20170117-story,amp.html …
Please explain how you are OK with PP laundering TAXPAYER money into Democrat campaigns. If you can answer that satisfactorily, I'll listen.
How much would discontinuing coverage for Viagra save I wonder??? Maybe then those 13 men in a dark room would understand.
Hopefully, we will live long enough to make some noise!  At this rate, our survival rates are questionable.
Do u know planned parenthood includes contreception to women/girls who can't afford it?  As well as gynecological exams?
If @PPact has money for @TheDemocrats, they dont need our tax dollars. In fact, this should be illegal
Preventive care like murdering babies
Get a clue and stop grandstanding to get attention. U sucked as Ag for calif and u suck now.
You pay for it. The American taxpayers cannot afford it any more.
Well this bound to affect millions of women world over in the same breath as decided by a damn selfish man.
Federal government can move funds to public hospitals for care.  #defundplannedparenthood
There is such a thing as a step too far!For 51% of the population & all reasonable citizens, the GOP (House and Senate) just took that step.
@GOP Besides, the base you are playing to is shrinking and real women don't vote against other women.
No one is being blocked. They're free to go in. Why should my tax $$ pay for their visit?
Unless they are opposed to Planned Parenthood...
GOP DC ochlocrats R criminals & should play baseball more often,AM's upset & everyone w guns https://twitter.com/SenKamalaHarris/status/877985293063733248 …
GOP ochlocrat HC genocide cleansing elderly, sick, disable's considered a national financial $burden criminal mystery legislation expenses!
Neither will THIS woman who agrees with no taxpayer funding of PP ... you senator do not speak for this woman
New @GOP motto! "Only wealthy, white and healthy need apply...all others please DIE!" @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr @SenatorCollins
Keep fighting!
The government does not pay for abortion at PP. It helps a lot of women who can not afford Mammograms or Paps any where else.
PP doesn't perform mammograms.  Google it.
Yes they do, they pay for you to get them, at at place that does them. Call and ask them, been there done that, you do not know anything.
