I am willing to stand up and speak out about pay inequity suffered by ALL women
Agreed, women must all stand together, all races...  if we ever want to win Equal Rights.
What rights are women missing?
We don't have equal rights by law
That's a misdirection. What rights are we MISSING? Pay gap is false, even if someone were paying women less it's illegal.
You would think women having these equal rights would be a no-brainer, but laws had to be passed so that it could happen. Reason: MEN
If businesses could pay women less for the same work, they'd be the only ones getting hired.
That's one of the reason more working women are still living in poverty
The amount u EARN is based primarily on personal ability and decisions. People hav risen from dirt poverty - decisions
Those of us who succeeded, did so in spite of the norm. Unfortunately more woman than not get lower pay for the same work as WM counterparts
Cite evidence of ONE instance when a modern US women is paid less doing the SAME EXACT WORK AND SUE  !
What about the white women? We're NOT all privileged, ya know? 
More privileged than black woman that's for sure
Nah, I've worked with black women that have made more than me. Assuming that's what you're referring to...
Oh, but still don't get equal to the amount our male counterparts make in the same position, with the same level of education...
@LAOrr401 deserves it for her #IGNORANT trolling... No one was talking to you!

For all women please.

The world is also flat,  dinosaurs are a myth, and we have no climate change.  I've lived the gap..... it's very real.
Also, if you negotiated a specific price and it was less than the man, that's on you. Where do you work?
You need to do just a little bit of research. You must be a white male.....and of course it must be my fault I've been treated unfairly.
What work do you do where you're paid less than an identical man? I'm sorry that happened to you. I'll file a complaint to BBC if you want.
All women not just black women whats makes them better than white women? Equal to all not just blacks 
Might be good to take your own advise hun
I will absolutely stand up with you in support of Single-Payer HealthCare / Medicare For All!  Thanks Kamala!
This must be explained CLEARLY to 2018 voters A.S.A.P. for a WIN:
U've ALMOST got it. Just stupid to let the ELITELY pd. of even more than $300M in a yr. that don't even want to pay their employees $15/hr. 
#EQUALPAYEQUALWORK
all the while, our POTUS who is determined to make everything that is wrong worse... 
http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/politics/trump-administration-sets-up-inquiry-into-discrimination-of-white-college-students/ar-AApgWLz …
You're black? if someone hadn't told me I would have thought "white" Hispanic. Race is a social construct anyway.
ME/CFS affect higher percentage of women (80%) and  blacks, yet get almost zero funding for the #MillionsMissing w this #ForgottenPlague
Kamala: End 35 yrs of Federal discrimination against M.E., Myalgic Encephalomyelitis/CFS. $200M/yr NIH R&D needed.
Really? Please tweet us some facts on what have you done to help? Just another empty politician. What aides tweet 4 u? Do you even check in?
Standing up for what @SenKamalaHarris? You tweet rhetoric; where is your "how"?Sickened how you "helped" the Islamic woman who came to u.
Yes stand up for equal pay for all women!!!
You only want equal pay for Black women, what about Asian, Mexican, Immigrants, White and all of the other women.  Favoring 1 race is racist
Why not the child on the right?
I think she deserves equal pay also why are you excluding her?
My request, get black women equal education and they will get equal pay. U cant say, pay me more becuz im black. What planet do u live on?
I'm down for the cause. 
#HARRIS2020
Horse pukey senator, they had a spokesman for black women for 8 yrs.  Mr Obama the closet Muslim
Race baiter
Apparently Kamala Harris only represents Black woman and illegal aliens. To her the taxpaying citizen can go 2 Hell
run for POTUS, I'm never gonna vote for you. 
U treat black people as criminals

#blacklivesmatter   @SenKamalaHarris #Bernie2020 #DNC @DNC
When will senate demand Trump sign the sanctions bill?
If you work hard, money will follow. If not, move on.
Obama the last 8 years????.
No Senator, not unless Brown women and all those underrepresented are included.
Working for teachers today.  We are standing up!
CA needs affordable housing!!
The only way this will work is to fight for ALL women.  Division by race just weakens us.  #WomenStandTogether
The federal government is not responsible for somebody's pay
This episode of hate division and envy brought to you by the National Democrat socialist nazi party.
Are you only an advocate for black women? Shouldn't you be fighting for all women?
HARRIS HARRIS HARRIS HARRIS HARRIS HARRIS HARRIS HARRIS
How about fair pay for everyone. Sounds a little racist to me.
If they perform the same job then absolutely.  But again, already a federal law for this https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Equal_Pay_Act_of_1963 …
Ever hear of Oprah?
If you care about fighting inequality, disavow your past mistake on refusing to prosecute Steve Mnuchin for stealing people's homes!
Kamala Harris doesn't mind keeping ppl in prison 2 earn pennies though @BernieSanders @ninaturner @TulsiGabbard Real Progressives care abt u
Just keep playing the race card... it's so old
u lady keep fighting #Kamala2020 got my vote!!

I, as a "white person" from the projects in Atlanta, GA, stand with you and all women of color. Women rule the world.
How about we speak out for fair pay for all people.   Quit being a racist.
For all women.
Said the most un-black, rich politician
We need to stand up for equal pay for equal work NO MATTER GENDER, RACE or any other differences.
all of which is in progressive kind intelligent democratic play form. We should be proud to run on.
Nope not how u mean it with your false premise. If you have someone working same job same length of time same education then I'll join u
@iamfonda @bustle how about equal pay for All WOMEN
What about Black Men Damn can we Live !
I get a 2% cost of living increase, yet my rent goes up 10%, water up, employer benefits increase. Help fix CA!
Fair pay &fair housing-CA way 2 high. In my county, single black &Latina moms w/kids R stuck living in low income areas w/bad schools. FixCA
Admirable goal Ma"am. But ALL women have that same problem not just women of color. The rest of us deserve the same.
Fair pay for everyone...
How about getting paid performance #novel idea
How about fair pay for all women.
barf
Because that's exactly what happens. Race does determine pay
Show me where. If it happens, it's already illegal and can be punishable by law, so your argument is invalid.
All women of color have these circumstances. I am one example.
Wages is the answer. Tax deduction helps ALL AMERICAN' s not only blacks
Correction. Government establish wages are not the answer. Let the free market set wages
All women no matter the race
Ok, @SenKamalaHarris This white woman stands corrected! If stats say black women only get 63 cents/80 cents for white women...
2) Yes, that's unfair BUT how about ALL women get equal pay now. Increasing the 63 cents to 80 cents (white women) is still not equality.
Unfortunately, the gov't has to "force" (by passing legislation) employers to pay all women, equal pay.
Late to the show~Where were you in 2016 when Progressives, Independents & Bernie *ran on* #FightFor15 4All Americans!
#KamalFakeProgressive
Hiding behind Crazy Hillary.
Not everything! The *christian* republicans blocked him at every turn
You know they did, right from the get go. They conspired to block him its no secret, ask them, they didn't try to hide it.
Thought that was straighted out under Obama. Didn't you get the memo?
Can a conservative party ever endorse a woman president? Can't stand these oppressed woman that actually think trump is good for our country
The REAL KAMALA HARRIS!!
Fair pay for all women.
WTF is #BlackWomensEqualPay Day? Black women are equally paid unless they don't do the same amount of work. Lol cheap ploy for support!
You KNOW they have few marketable skills, right?
Jsillas87@yahoo.com latifahmanzano37@gmail.com
@ManuelSillas54 you count on me kamala
#wethepeople will give uou the boot all the way HOME 

Vote your #criminal party home or prison or institution they are all nut cases
......AND IMPEACHING THE PRESIDENT, GIRL YOUVE GOT TO FOCUS OR NOTHING WILL BE ACHIEVABLE. PRIORITIES.WE WANT ARTICLES FILES FOE IMPEACHMENT
Thank you for caring about economic inequality!  Super important issue.
YES Sen.Kamala Harris, your tweet (notification) 6:00pm CT  TRUTHFULLY, Watching @FOXNEWS ; Sen.LindseyGRAHAM, ArmedServicesComm Sen. McCain
Honey you are winning in the poll for 2020
Which one?
Tell it to your Wall Street donors
CJ, are you a silly Stein voter?

lol what's ur problem with Jews?
Considering the source, Sen Harris, consider this hi praise!
