Interior secretary recommends shrinking six national monuments http://nbcnews.to/2fuQuUf  
Nothing says protecting land like handing them to Big Oil to develop (kill everything that lives there)
This is what I was afraid as soon as DT was electoral elected.
How many years will it take to recover from this administration?
About as long as it takes for USA to recover from disastrous Obamacare.
Go away Putin bot. Nobody has time for your lies.
This is why Mueller and Co. must hurry.
Thank you for all you are doing! Keep fighting for justice!
Massive protests if this goes on
You mean reducing the boundaries to pre Obama's land grab?
Want to sell them to Russia!
it shows the interior secretary recommends it
I humbly suggest congress use eminent domain to purchase Mar-a-lago for national security concerns & to lessen burden on US taxpayers.
He's always been and will always be a slum lord. Must prevent him from adding these to his portfolio cuz he'll find a way to make them his!
Definitely! He must be stopped.
Edicts from a President, administration & cabinet members loathe to set foot in California, for fear of being scorned and booed. #Shame
Have u no shame?
Thank you they want to destroy our public lands. Its horrible!
Reagan gave drilling rights to Koch Bros in the 80's along with N.A. lands and neither got any compensation Koch got it all
All the Obama land-grab expansions need to be reversed! We need very little American land owned or controlled by the govt! Too dangerous!
So Who is going to own these lands?You, me the average Joe?.I like Government supervision when they keep out Racist and 1%ers
NRDC says Trump doesn't have legal authority to abolish monument protections. I hope they'll fight this in court if necessary.
And I'm sure a women's march sized crowd could surround public lands if needed. Their evil schemes create earthquakes. It's blood money.
we shouldn't give 'em up, period . ever
CA is leading the way with you as our senator and organizations like @ProtectWinters in DC. Let's vote In more of the same @bateson2018
Thank you!!
Teddy Roosevelt would be putting his GOP boot in someone's ass over this!
I recommend we shrink the Secretary. Starting with his head. It is a monument to stupidity
I gave up crime and violence years ago to be productive responsible http://citizen.Now  I'm going to have to bust a cap in the Govt. Ass
Great. More attention needed to Zinke's systematic attack on conservation of end species. toadying to extractive indus & unethical hunters
And why? Not for the good of the Amer. citizen, is it? So for whom? Who benefits/profits?
That question has to always be the first one now
He is using our Country as his personal bank account.
It's all about the Benjamin's
This is so critical.  This can not be reversed.  So heartbreaking.
You do realize Obama overreached and took the land from the states, not private citizens.
Does the interior secretary have anything important to do in his role. Shrinking national monuments shows he's bored.
Fight we will but they will take them in the end.
We will put our bodies across them. This isn't for sale ever. You dont sell pristine.
So that Pruitt can allow for drilling?
You liberals are so entertaining. I just love these 'outraged' threads. I'll check back later
We are within legal right to arm and defend them thanks to the Bundy Theory right?
Do what the right wing do
Won't you PLEASE run for POTUS in 2020?
#KamalaBomaye!!!!!!!
It's a shame that Americans have to fight to defend ourselves+our homes not from terrorists but from a nasty, greedy president+his cronies.
that's all you do is fight
Hold up. She didn't seem to care when other public lands were taken over by the government.
It's odd how Republicans are so keen to exploit all our natural resources. Except sun & wind... the two renewable resources. 
@SenKamalaHarris This land belongs to the Native Americans
TY Kamala!!!!
Trump Cartel probably already owns the land surrounding  those public lands.  They want to build TRUMP TOWERS.
Thank you
This must stop. Public lands are for the enjoyment of future generations to see nature in its splendor. Not for profit of #trump cronies
Beautiful pic posted is in UT. HATCH always scheming so don't hold your breath. If he df doesn't speak up there is something in it for him.
EXACTLYlikePres.'of Brazil:supportingMINERSeating upINDIGENOUSLands:AMAZON!Has to STOP! Our public lands are important - and they are OURS!
Trump wants to keep statues that represent slavery and give Gods work to corporations. That is pure republican money above God.
You are proven wrong on many issues. Have you ever considered that you don't know everything and that your HATE doesn't Trump anything?
Aims to increase fields for coal, oil and gas industries @nytimes @FoxNews @CNN @WSJ
Trump sees those lands as good golf course props
Those  monuments are money making projects for the rich
Trump'll rip off anyone if you let
Obama & the government took our land & made them into monuments, this land belongs to the American people not the government!!!
@americanNativeX they r ignoring uwhose land do they think this was before our gov stole it? Say they care about Native Am but they don't
You must be on your Nancy Pelosi, Maxine water, Hillary Clinton, medication most liberal women on the hill have been prescribed this!
I was about to be mean and then I realized really don't you remember what President Obama did how quickly we forget smdh
Thank you Senator Harris!  #PreservationnotExploitation is why parks were created.  Too bad this administration doesn't see it that way.
Advocating violence. Nice.
Nice diversion.... however #WeThePeople are waiting for even an iota of integrity to kick in and you appoligize to @realDonaldTrump @potus
Can any of the monuments be linked to the Confederacy? If so, they should be shut down completely.
They'll start auctioning acres off and only Corp. and wealthy will afford to buy them up. Remember camping ? Me, too!
Please explain why you voted to give 700mil to this orange buffoon to start pointless wars when so many Americans are uninsured?
Pandering continues.....no action, no results
Thank u, Sen. Harris Sincerely hope u mean that. Trump's assault on national lands 4 almighty $$/capitalism is SICK! @SierraClub #Resist
The POS wants some of this land fir mining!!!  He's a monster and evil monster
Kamala, you slept your way to the top with a married man #WillieBrown We don't care what you have to say.
@IndeCardio @NBCNews 
Obama stole the land Ms Harris
Made them monuments as an EO
Pres Trump gvng them bk
GOV steals enough
Exactly! Liberals all want more Government control of our USA! 
Coming for "Our" public lands? Like taking dawn all the Statues? #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder #GetBent
Shrinking National Monuments to sell off to idiot contractors like Trump and his buddies! Selling to profit off of our treasures is wrong!
Every administration gets us into war over others' land too. #MiddleEastOil #NorthKoreaIsMineralRich
Keep those money hungry earth destroyers OUT!
Trump hotels coming to all public lands is his dream... @nytimes @SenWarren
Thank you Senator. Those lands belong to the people & should never be despoiled by drilling & mining.
When will We the People realize that most wealthy people get rich from tax payers' funding with subsidies & tax rebates?

#ThankYouObama (s) @BarackObama @MichelleObama #Sasha #Malia

BEST #POTUS #FLOTUS and #FirstFamily…
It's an all out assault on every government institution and right. I don't really understand why people wanted this enough to vote for it.
The entities that will BENEFIT (by absconding with these resources - will be an egregiously NARROW group of KOCHS & MERCERS.
 ...    #RESIST  
Do you support the NWO Agenda 21 Map of the US, where MAYBE a monorail will be installed so "The Collective" can Ride By monuments/ no stop?
I'm horrified at the prospect. These mistakes cannot be repaired once set in motion. To destroy public lands for oil, minerals etc... greed
He's cutting BACK the amount of US LAND that was made OFF LIMITS to " We The People! " Monument status means no camping, hunting, vaca, etc!
USA for sale! Today's sale: Our public land at bargain tax incentive kickback prices! Sales you might have missed: Public Schools, Embassies
GOP & and oil co. Are after them. Trump can't take anything. Congress is doing this. REPUBLICAN congress. Lining their pockets as always.
These lands belong to all of us. @SecretaryZinke & @POTUS should not be able to do this.
I am in this fight to win! The voices that can't be heard need the most protection & POS trump wants to take out all wildlife. Hell NO!
"How do we do evil and still deny it?"
'Shrink' the Park till it's just the sign that says "Park" -it still 'exists'

"ha ha ha ha ha ha ha"
You should also acknowledge who is going to get those public lands. CEOs of corporations are as much to blame.
He was low-life as a shitizen, why did his supporters/voters think he'd be any different as a Shithead-in-chief?? Fuck the electoral college
I still don't understand what anybody sees in this infantile piece of shit!! I WAS NOT RAISED THIS WAY BUT I HATE EVERYTHING ABOUT YOU DJT!!
I think Trump and his Mobocracy are undercover agents for the devil!! 
Unbelievable
Thank you for fighting the way you do

I wish I could say as much for the Senators in my state @JeffFlake @SenJohnMcCain
What for?  Mineral rights?  Or just to be ruiners?
Enlist the infamous "second amendment people" to this fight. Jason Chaffez had to remove House Bill 621 after hunters protested.
"Coming for our public lands"? When Obama took them over, THAT is "coming for our public lands"
But his boys wanna hunt stateside

Keep fighting for us! From a Napan
Is there anyone in the Trump cabinet with any interest in building things up? So far, they all seem bent on destruction.
The Feds should stay out.
Isn't this a cause that brings tourism to red states too? An opportunity for bipartisanship??
You don't have a choice, but it's cute you think so.
So that Trump will build more Trump Towers and Golf resorts? Fight for the public lands. That's the nation's treasure.
We need this over trump must be removed he is truly unfit to lead and the congress will pay for the way they have handled this mess
No surprise. President Bannon spelled it out in no uncertain terms. Goal it to destroy institutions of government. Dept of interior is one.
As if he has nothing else to do but leave windows unlocked for his homeboys to come back later and Rob.#unfitforoffice #grifterinchief
Trump had a sad over Confederate monuments. But these monuments don't wear MAGA hats, I guess.
Also, isn't this grossly illegal? Not that he has any scruples about legality.
Must be some of trump's and Zinke's "friends" wish to monetize those lands.
Thank you.
Trump supporters, did you want this? Like what he's doing here? I bet you never thought Trump would look to reduce the size of our parks.
Then withdraw your support. You thought you were buying one thing, but bought another.
The natural world has already been exploited way past it's limits. The greed of few can't be allowed to exploit it any further. #resist
You won't give them up at all!
Thank you!
But why?
For he and his landlord and construction friends to profit from? Why else?
More evidence of Trump's business sourced strategy of hostile government takeover, downsizing and asset sales. Distraction from #TrumpRussia
NO WAY! IMPEACH TRUMP!
So he can build hotels on them ! Greedy bastard ! Don't we have laws against that zzzz
@SecretaryZinke: Bravo to @SenKamalaHarris! So glad to have her repping us in CA! Don't touch our lands. #Resist #ProtectNationalMonuments
@POTUS, leave our national parks alone go back to the hole you crawled out of please before you screw everything up worse then u have
Bravo once again, @SenKamalaHarris! So glad to have you representing us in CA! #Resist #ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussia #ProtectNationalMonuments
We only get one set of public lands. If we let them be plundered for a few quick bucks, they're gone for good. Not coming back.
But he will save those racists statues
True that!
How about you don't give them up at all. Damnit get out there and wake America up!
I needed the for this one
Nooo
They want to destroy anything that's good in this country for greed!
NO MORE GOVT. LAND TAKEOVER!
We can't make more pristine environments to preserve & cherish.  Our LAND is our HISTORY not statues.
Thank you Senator for fighting for all of us. Our public lands need us now more than ever before.....

F- Corporate Power, we love and enjoy our public lands and pay taxes to keep it that way. Make Parks Bigger, Stop Fracking!
Why do you scoff at the law? You are bound to obey your president as he executes his duties.
I'm sure this is also a moral issue, one way or another.
#keepitpublic #KeepOurParks #SAVEOURNATIONALPARKS #SaveOurUniqueExperiences #DoNOTSELL #GREEDYWH #GREEDYGOP #GREEDYEPA
. really none of you realize they are killing all the trees by pooling water selling it to southern .ca. Wildlife died during the drought.
That has been going on for a long time (since I was a kid) . Time to start w yr legislative rep and buck for change 
Buck for ur change no one's doing the work except by folks
Fight every step of the way. Thank you.
@SteveBoyer5000 @NBCNews We stand firmly with Senator Kamala Harris. Trump, keep your tiny hands off public lands. @POTUS
Only ppl taking ur parks away are the lawmakers of .ca. Look at all the laws they put in to help Hispanic ppl. Like no one else matters
Stop w the ignorance dear- you can do better.
U believe want u want to. Like southern .ca. U folks are going to be screwed. No ability to plan just demand lie and cheat wait til u turn
Any Dem who thinks 45's wants 2 wk w Dems, remember he's against almost everything we stand 4 like protecting our envir & our public lands.
Lets see are u talking about San Diego where they are using street sweepers to clean u Hepitas c. Maybe Ebola next
Our wildlife and trees are dying because they are pooling and selling water to southern .ca. Hello there won't be any wildlife. Drought
Kamala wants to save the lands so the Dems can give it away to illegal aliens.
Please save our #PublicLands
Your giving it to Mexico anyway.might as well. Besides ur broke and u want to support daca and more illegals endangering citizens lives
Didn't seem to bother you when your buddy Obama did it.  Why the sudden change of heart, Kamala?
@realDonaldTrump has to be stopped! He's doing everything he can to destroy this great country! What a nightmare he is! Stand tough!! Thanks
#ImpeachTrumpAndPence #SaveOurParks
Manafort is going to be indicted. Why can't you say what we all know? Trump is a traitor. EVERYTHING he's done or undone should be negated.
The most dangerous man on the planet is Donald Trump. Why are we allowing him to decide healthcare, make laws or undo the work of others?
These lands are OUR lands, they belong to the people for us to enjoy. Stinky zinke & trump get lost.
Hotel and casinos options?
The hell
Get him out of there. Thanks. 
@Alfree7619 @NBCNews   After years of a stressful corporate career & in desperate need to regain my health & peace of mind,
I went on vacay to Yellowstone & Montana in 2012.  I go at least once a year now. Completely unplug.
Has made me a better & healthier person. These are national treasures, for many reasons. We must
fight to keep some spaces sacred & free from greedy corporations.
She nothing but a sack of shit
This would take an Act of Congress; the Monuments (and Parks) were created with a clause that prohibits their reduction.
@NBCNews someone better stand up for mother nature!
@SenKamalaHarris, you voted 700 billion to kill people, can't trust a corporate killer. #NoMoreWar
They'll sell them to the best connected bidder at low prices cuz rich gotta get richer at our expense.
How does this benefit ANYBODY xcept big oil $? #Cult45 #draintheswamp #MAGA #DontheCon
You are absolutely right about this! Thanks for the heads-up.
Why don't we just build ugly trump motels there? This administration is filled with convicts. Raping our nation.
@MSNBC It doesn't matter because the goobers who vote GOP only watch Fox & listen to Rush so they can't be convinced with logical arguments
I know there's a scary healthcare fight brewing but this issue needs attention too. Thank you for fighting for our public lands!
Holy Shit! Something you and I can actually agree on! 1/2
In all seriousness, the oil industry has been known to demolish ecosystems, and natural habitats of native creatures. 2/2
So trump & his handpicked (or grabbed) Turd Reich are going for Lebensraum type real estate acquisitions now? "There's a real beauty."
"No president tried to eliminate a monument" "some have trimmed and redrawn boundaries 18 times-National Park Service" NBC cite.
Incendiary!
THANK YOU!!
No more.   Keep what we have and we might have a chance!  Stop killing everything!!!
Uhh! Stop this Trump agenda of Raping the land! Our America. #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW
This is just disgusting!  There is NO reason to do this except for pure greed!  The GOP make me sick!
Why did they even bother w/a review >which resulted in thousands of public comments against it. Always planned to sell our lands to oil.
Everything Trump does is for his own benefit.
@SenatorDurbin @SenDuckworth stop this man!
Stop this man!
Destroying everything.
Thank you.  This is scary!
Tell him, hands off public lands!!
your backing of Sanders bill, makes a lot of people doubt you
Trump and co. are trying to sell America to the highest bidders.  Don't let it happen.
We are behind you, Kamala. This cannot be allowed to happen
The president is coming for our healthcare, our public schools, our environment, our working conditions/wages and our public lands.
100% agree 
Why should America trust you?? You are obviously wrong.
Thank you Senator Harris.
The federal gov. has no right to own land. STOP!
Maybe because they aren't named after Confederate Generals?
Thank you Senator Harris.We must expand protect our public lands.No to the idea of one president undoing other presidents National Monuments
WE NEED TO FIGHT THIS TRAVESTY! OUR PUBLIC LANDS ARE OUR BIRTHRIGHT! DO NOT LET THIS HAPPEN!!!
Nazis will not be allowed in the public lands
What the hell is wrong with people these days? Love me some POTUS
We must fight against this to preserve these beautiful places for future generations! I'll bet ivankas kids haven't been to any of them!!
Are you HIGH? 
