Sure, the parentless, agenda-less kids bought suits and caught a taxi to your office just to speak with you. LOL
I take it your staff STILL has not passed this on to you...
Because of the SLOW reaction by both Democrats and Republicans, I've formed THP!
Plus candy taxes dont really do alot to reduce healthcare costs according to research. Funding healthcare is one thing...
It just makes sense that those "Indulgences", which are KNOWN 2 be unhealthy, should subsidize Healthcare. Our CRAVINGS were IMPOSED upon us
Since When do children make policy decisions
They believe YOUR lies, & them come to you for protection. They need protecting from the socialist thieving liars. Sickening propaganda.

Always renews my faith in our future when young articulate teens can and are willing to express their concerns in a mature adult manner.
Liberal photo op...
Will this same GOP healthcare plan be covering all elected officials, their families, and their staffs ??
#BCRA explicitly excludes members of Congress.  Whereas ACA explicitly requires Congress to buy insurance through the DC exchange.
The hypocrisy of the GOP legislators behind #BCRA is revealing of just how horrifically evil it is.
Are their medical conditions "great hair"?
Thank you Senator for all you do. So proud to have you in California. 
Why do you try and portray a false narrative for the people? Your parents never taught you to be honest? #NarrativeEngineers

Thank u for fighting for my child too.
You are not fighting for anyone but yourself!

lol
Ur appreciated Senator.
Thank you Senator. Also, please tell @SenatorEnzi it is unacceptable to not have a CBO score for the #CruzAmendment before the MTP vote.

Important read: we explain how Senate GOP will rush passage of health bill to hide impact w/o full CBO analysis: https://www.cbpp.org/blog/senates-rush-to-vote-designed-to-hide-health-bills-damaging-impacts …
Instead, the Senate may use a Trump Administration analysis — an unprecedented move for a reconciliation bill.
Luckily the 2 most powerful insurance lobbies have stated that this is a terrible idea. HHS score won't help now.
BREAKING: In rare joint letter, insurers say Cruz amendment "unworkable in any form" and will lead to "widespread terminations of coverage." 
Kamala for president 2020 it's time -  your time!

Keep fighting...we are counting on you!
What if one of them was the child of a sex worker whose mother lost her income because you put her on the street? #backpage #sexwork
I can't thank my senators, so I have to thank you. 

----Public School Teacher in Texas
@SenKamalaHarris Kamala thank you for all your hard work trying to save and improve ACA for the American people. Wish my Senators would.
Ya you sure are phoney!! Where have you been...another phoney D em  looking to line her pockets
#KH4president
This Californian with an obnoxiously complicated market based health care plan comes to you with a simple message: "Medicare for all".
Nice one !
Thank you Senator Harris!
Bless you Senator!
Great,  FANTASTIC  too!!!!
And to add more awww to it, the kid on the right was mini #DarthVader in the @VW @SuperBowl ad years ago. Remember? He has a heart condition
@maxpagelildarth

The Lady Senators of the West Coast (Patty and Maria as well) are by far the primary progressive Senators on the hill.
Proud to have you as one of our Senators. Fight for what's right. #humanity #Resist
Thank you! Many adults also have unusual health conditions. My son has a rare genetic disorder, Cowden Syndrome, that raises his cancer risk
In suits no less how delightful and Smart.
Lovely young men!
Our Future
True!
You go girl! Don't let the GOP bully them. Listen up @SenCoryGardner   You need to protect the health of our great nation
Sen. Harris/Sen. Harris' aide:  what are the most effective things we can do to change the concerned/undecided/unclear GOP?
I love you senator Harris
You cant serve constituents and health insurance industry. Are you talking donations from healthcare lobbyist/industry?
2020 has my vote
KAMALA HARRIS MAY WELL BE THE FIRST U.S. PRESIDENT WHO IS NOT MALE, AFTER ALL THESE YEARS !KAMALA HARRIS 4 POTUS 2020 !!!
Yes. Senator Kamala Devi is right on. Healthcare. Not warfare. No $10,000 copay.
Max Page brave soul. Pre-existing condition at age 10. Private insurance would reject covering him unless law demands fair treatment. Tx KH
God b with u Kamala
Illussionits. Wake up.
Senator you need to vote for the Republican health plan
Well 1 of the boys was a regular on @YandR_CBS for years, I hope he will be well
their families don't deserve a lifetime of poverty to pay for their healthcare.
I wish I were American so I could campaign for you for President.
No prob. I'll vote twice for you

KIDDING, Trump Fraud Squad
Loveeee 
Thank you!  #supermyka thanks you too
Keep up the fight! I have a friend who has treatments that cost $59,000/month, he cannot lose his healthcare!
BS THEY didn't come to you, they were sent there to be props
Lady Kamala, the Ruthless, of The House Harris There not could divined a better champion #LikeCerberusYouShallBe #GodspeedMLady
Thank you! You're also fighting for meI've survived with Type1Diabetes for almost 47 of my 58 yrs. #ineedmyinsurance&medicationstoLIVE
You're lying about the Republicans. That's the game the Dirty Dems always play. You use your LIV's because they are not educated on Policy
In this day and age it is hard to believe that denial of health care is an option.  @SenMajLdr and @realDonaldTrump want to kill us.
It always has been but before the ACA it was the insurance companies doing it. If this bill passes it will be our own government instead...

@EdRedstateblues you must stop GOP. Pleaseeee
You go lady great idea
#GOP

#TrumpCare isn't some attack on #urban #minorities.
It is an attack on #White Families
in #rural States.
These kids with complicated medical conditions came to see me with a simple message: "protect our health care." I’m fighting for them. 
I hope my representatives are fighting for a better healthcare plan for me and my fellow SC citizens, but I'm not so sure...
Happy to help!!!
The Special Olympics have had my attention for twenty year or more, they are great!!!
Thank you Ms Harris. We sincerely, desperately need you. Signed. A California resident
I'm hopeful that she is going to have a big future in the senate.
Please run for President.  And please don't take any private meetings with any Russians.
What nice kids!
Thank you Senator @KamalaHarris  we are so happy to have you represent California!! Keep up the GREAT work!
Sounds like protecting their care can't rely on Medicaid for too long.
What health care do you have K? Same as them? As a public servant, you should.
I believe in you thanks you #KamalaHarris2020 you are the #BombDotCom !!!
Please RT if you agree~
Outstanding they know who's fighting for them and we are so thankful for politicians like yourself being our voice lifting spirit, thanks
My heart goes out to folks w/ rare conditions but things like asthma & diabetes kill too & cost big money. @dreamcatcher5
Amen!
God bless you Ms. Harris...SINCERELY
I don't know how you can stop this train wreck...thanks for trying
.@SenKamalaHarris what you do is most impressive. Dems must become more organized and creative to get some wins. 'Trying' isn't enough.
Those children are incredibly selfish, they might be costing somebody a new Mercedes
Seems like you are making this more about you than you should be.  Leave the "me" out it.  Still voting for you for President. So Run!
Stop scaring them - they will have healthcare.#RepealAndReplace 
Thank you, Senator; we should ALL be fighting for those who are too sick 2 fight 4 themselves #ShelterYourNeighbor #HealthcareIsAHumanRight
Healthcare and Health-Insurance aren't the same thing. Also, don't use kids who don't know the system to get your way. Disgusting.
@RealMuckmaker I've got one of those kids. We need all the help we can get. Thank you for your efforts.
You don't care about kids do you even remember Kate Steinly her blood is also on your hands
Do not appropriate a tragedy to try and excuse racist bigotry.
Thank you for giving them voices!!
Single payer! Universal Health care. Get insurance companies out of the equation.
I can't  seem to get enough of your photos  taken with these special kids ,Sen. Kamala Harris.I ever make a Family Prayer to The Lord;
3:00pm @CNN ,I will go to the bank before 5:00pm as well.  TRUTH,TOGETHER (Family)
PLEASE!!!!!! I'm a mother with a child where we BOTH Have complicated medical conditions. We need your help!
Thank you
Thank you for fighting for all of us.
We need you. Keep on keepin' on. Please. #resist #truckfump #resist #thisisnotnormal #TheResistance
Great. Give them something affordable that works. Fly to it
Senator Harris fight like fire and stop this nightmare from being law
Am not American but I see your hard work. Keep it up.
Keep up the fight
And you honored them with your presence #WhatRealRepsDo
Thank you Senator Harris. Please work to hold @EPA accountable and science based and protect our National Monuments and Marine reserves.
Thank You @SenKamalaHarris for your relentless devotion those in need & ALL people in America..#ProtectOurCare #UniteBlue #KillTheBill
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris !!
We appreciate you fighting for the American people!! 

#FixACA
WOW...those two have been pimped all around DNC offices.  Don't tell them that Medicaid is projecting insolvency in 11.5 years.
Neither Medicaid nor Medicare will become insolvent in 2029: https://www.cbpp.org/research/health/medicare-is-not-bankrupt … .
And to support funding for those components of Medicaid & Medicare where insolvency is possible, _tell Congress to vote against #BCRA_.
Kamala kicking ass for people. Cool.
I have a 2yo with autism and I pay @cigna $1000/month premiums. They will NOT cover his autism treatment. We have to pay Medicaid more 4that
Newsflash. Obamacare won't be there you should come up with your own dumb idea instead of telling us how dumb the R idea is we already know
We should not even be having this discussion in 2017! We're so far behind the curve on health care, and this Congress may never resolve that
We're in your corner, Senator Harris! Love from Chicago!  
For single payer? That would be awesome!
Thank you for fighting for us! This CA voter is glad you and Sen Feinstein represent us!
Bull shit
I hope you are
Thank you!
Thank you!
Sen. Harris you have a lot to fight for..  health care, free unhindered elections, our environment and fighting a corrupt administration
We don't have enough no s ... do we??? Please be honest with us
Thank you!
Did any Republicans meet w/ them to tell them how they need to "pay into the system" first before expecting handouts, like health coverage?

I think @SenKamalaHarris should run for president 2020. 
Senator Harris would get my vote.  Please run in 2020!
Who?
Please do.  No one should lose their healthcare.
