pull a #Lucy
Please run for Prez. The world needs you Kamala.
she's a smart women and the GOP doesn't like smart women but it is a good idea 
Every country needs to harness 100% of pop. Not 50%. Includes gender, race and orientation.

Oh yes - she's from San Fran where they now allow the folks to crap on public sidewalks!! You must be so proud!!!!!
I love this!
I love your no bullshit attitude and if McCain don't appreciate it, I want you to know that I do.
#AlternativeFacts
or stand on the table
We need you to become the new face/leader of the democratic party. Please run for POTUS in 2020! I'll start donating now!
What Democratic Party? Time for change.
Only thing that needs to be changed is me being more aggressive muting trolling accounts. #muted
Kick ass, Kamala.
#Harris2020 
@SenKamalaHarris @KamalaHarris
U are nowhere close to @MichelleObama. Michelle is a dignified woman who doesn't confuse passion with anger. When they go low she goes high.
We need more senators like you.  Keep digging and holding DC accountable.  Thank you.
Someone whose biggest talent is "crybullying" doesn't deserve a seat at the table. Women in America are equal. Start acting like it!
I love it when pretty girls make so much sense
Not acceptable #JohnMcCain would interrupt a colleague when he's a guest of the committee. I suspect different outcome if you were a male.
We develop it by surviving difficult times and challenging adversity.”
Senator Harris please take them to task, we are proud of your spunk and sense of justice
It plays well in California, not so much in the rest of the country.  Of course, none of the coastal liberals see it.
California loves our Kamela
Great advice Sen Harris!!  I use a wheelchair (34 yrs now)?? I always have my own seat!!!!
Hater!
 you. Thanks for being our rep
Hell yes!!' Bring that chair!
Now I'm torn over who's Wonder Woman, Harris or Yates. Ok, Wonder Women. 
California!!!
Senator Harris please come speak at r student driven TEDx event we honor the authentic diverse voices of  children #witnessresistpersist
ShoNuff!
Well said!
beacuse if you are not at the table, you'll likely end up on the menu !
@InFullBloomUS @Shareblue you were strong, Succinct and wonderful. Proud!
I stand upon that table and  shall be looked up to in awe!
#ShePersisted . Don't ever stop asking the hard questions
If you had a coherent message you'd be welcome, however with your spewing of hatred and racism you don't desrve to be heard.
Women always bring the necessary courage...get out of our way old white men! It's our time
Or stand on the table.
This is the one I carry: http://www.walkstool.com/comfort  18" height because I'm a shorty. Shop for best price.
Thankfully, I always bring my wheelchair!  :)
Tell Kamala I think she's a bad a$$ and would make a great President!
WhiteMansplaining is not a senate rule or the law of the land - unless it is. Please persist.
Shirley Chisholm ever day and twice on Sunday.  We can all rise up like Fannie Lou Hamer.  Rise where you are, rise.
Mine has wheels.
YES!!!!!  
If that's the case then it's not worth sitting at!
@szwest1 @Shareblue To Sen. Harris-love watching u performing surgery on Keebler elf & making him nervous!Keep up great wk.
Kamala Harris for president 2020!
I Love this Woman ! #KAK (Kick Ass Kamala)
Or break down the door like William Longsword did in Paris when they would not let him in.The son of Rollo the Viking who conquered Normandy
I know that's right...
As the attacks on you escalate, remember there are millions out here who know who the competent person in the room is, and we have your back
Seems nothing is scarier to some men  (fortunately just a few) than facing a woman who could prove to be smarter.  You go, girl.  Enjoy.
You were obnoxious and rude to AG Sessions. In other words, you're an average Democrat.
My sentiments exactly. Persistence Pays!
Even in old white America, Shirley is a God
Better yet, stand there with arms folded and glare! You go girl
Yes do bring folding chair it's ridiculous seen grown persons around the table praising the president like he was a Don crazy
and I want to see you lead this nation too as President you should run. I'm not afraid of a strong woman
All you have is a big mouth. You're a looser with the gift of GAB!  Eat 
Kamala harris protected a crooked prosecutor from punishment - and then talks criminal justice reform - scumbag
Amen My Sistah! 
Keep Speaking Truth to Power! By Any Means Necessary!
Your my hero
Um. Run for President lately???  Wanna???
#CaliforniaPride
Thank you, Sen. Harris.
We love you 
marry Me! It's so good to see a Rep. ask the hard Q's and DEMAND Answers! Far too long have these insidious individuals gotten away with/BS!
She's a rising ! I love her and she is brilliant!
Proud to have you as one of our GREAT California Senators!
I love Sen Harris 
If I wasn't already married past 23 years I would be down on one knee in front of you asking you to marry me every day. #GOPkillingMillions
#KamalaPersisted 
Be sure to bring good standing shoes and look over their shoulder. A lot!
Yes!
You paid $60k for yours. Thanks Maxine.
Thank you for speaking up for our shared values & the truth Sen Harris. We will not cower in the corner.
Appalling that congressional men are so anti-women, anti-feminism. I wonder what neuroses or psychoses they harbor.
Pat Schroeder(CO-D) said that she would go to cmte meetings & there was no chair for her. She wrote"24years in the House & It's Still a Mess
Shirley Chisholm - What a great woman she was.
Loud-mouthed Californian Sen rejected Federal law and withdrew from US Legal System. Sen Harris is nothing-burger lawyer from lawless state.
Badass woman, keep them worried, please. And thank you for what you do.
Bring two because I am with you!
@kristakaROFL "All that is required for the triumph of evil is that good (wo)men do nothing".  Sen Harris-don't back down.
Stop using your race and gender as an excuse to be rude and obnoxious. It's not fooling anyone. Learn to respect others.
i really like this lady hope to see and hear much more from her. a voice of reason in sea of despair
Kamala Harris = Wonder Woman
you go girl your a great senator
#persisterhood.  Go girl !
You are the Silver lining to this cloud hanging over us all
Thank You for your Heart Strength & Service
Your our Hope in this Hopeless time
Trump hearings launch #KamalaHarris of Calif who is not afraid to take on 
All the President's Men @SenateGOP 
keep up the great work.. America needs more voices like yours
You're one of my heroes.
Your intelligence and tenacity is exactly what I hope my 10 year old daughter will aspire to.
Go get 'em, they are afraid of you!
I absolutely love that stt.
Please keep standing tall against their arrogance, foolishness, corruption and shallow, rambling lies! We are with you @SenKamalaHarris
How about THIS seat? @alfranken @SenSanders @TomPerez @tedlieu @HillaryClinton @BarackObama @maddow @joekennedy @elonmusk @BillGates
#kamalaharris2020
PERSIST!!!
These old guys are afraid of you because you remind them of Obama who destroyed a particular senator's dream.
Stay awhile. They fear you and I look forward to kicking them down for cheating.  Thank you.
#FridayFeeling #TheResistance #WomanCrush
Yep. I've done it. They didn't know what t do. Eventually sm1 said I 'shd' leave. I said,"U want me t leave, pick me up & carry me out." :-)
You are a legend in your own mind.
Insecure men are terrified of strong women & try to tear them down!
If they don't give you a seat, make a new table! 
Keep speaking/fighting for truth! Don't let those Senators try to shush/silence you! Stay Blessed #RisingStar You are meant to be there!
My thought was, a gentleman should get on all fours and let you sit/stand on his back.
Thank you Senator! You are one awesome roll model for young girls. 
Enjoying your bad ass moves....keep em coming
Shero!
It helps to bring the sleaze and corruption.
Kamalus Interruptus.
U keep going!! INSIST they respect you!! Its what they expect for themselves!! Don't settle for less!
Love you Kamala and YES! Bring several chairs. Keep fighting because we need you.
Thank you for being a role model for women everywhere!
Go get'm Senator Harris.
She persisted and then she kicked they ass. I am sure you could give Jefferson Beauregard Sessions a good whooping.
Anything less would be so nice UN-californian
POWER!THANK U!

And use it to smash them in the face
Great job
Intelligence/beauty double threat double/trouble...you embody both, have great respect for you, you speak my thoughts thank you
You deserve a throne for the bs you have to deal with.
Nice!
Keep up the great work!  Rooting for you all the way

@lacstnd 
or take over the damn table!
Tell it #Truth!
Hell, get up a and dance on top of that table!

My Lord, I'm falling HARD for this woman. #kamalaharris2020
Gen Omar Bradley "Leadership in a democratic army means firmness, not harshness; understanding, not weakness; pride, not egotism."
#RESIST
Trump's cabinet Generals didnt get the memo... 
Sound judgment enables the best decision for the situation at hand, scripture tells us "When you know better do better."
I am disappointed.

Run for president already---at least form an exploratory committee.
Build your own table @SenKamalaHarris #futuremadamePresident
been spelling your name wrong
@tmobrien2 @Shareblue I do that next time
Our CA rookie is working out well! 
You got that right.  You are a power to be reckoned with you are BAD.  Keep looking out for on the hill.  We need strength . Stay strong.
I love that! Thank you, Senator Kamala Harris!
Yes!!!!   .  
When will they stop interrupting you?
#ListenToKamala  !  #misogyny @MaddowBlog  @andersoncooper
Or stand on the table and shout!
The Hell With That! Kick the table over. You are my newest Hero! Burr will get his eventually. Hopefully from you.
2020 Kamala?! 

Hell yes!!!
Dang Skippy!
Yaaaaas! Thats mah girl!
Love it!
Love this woman inspirational
disappointed in your dismissive attitude towards testimony of Ayaan Irsy Ali as well as your female democrats#ignorance
I just kinda hip check them until someone scoots over.
Fake black woman and fake injuan warren 2020
Knowledge is power.
You would bring a fresh face to the Oval office in 2020! Thoughts?
Keep giving them hell Kamala! Glad I voted for you!
I will bring more than folding chairs...I will bring friends and they will bring their friends...and their friends will bring more friends..
Exactly:-). @SenWarren @maura_healey
You are awesome!!!
Yessss @SenKamalaHarris
I wish this were true but the election & GOP majorities suggest otherwise
Sen. Kamala Harris for PRESIDENT!!!
So glad you are there and voicing what we all want to say. #harris2020
Tiny detail. Is now a bad time to request change from freshman [sic] to first year Senator? To inspire campuses across the nation.
Take theirs 
"Then hit them with it."
Take the time to read Kamala's remarks. It will give you some hope for our nation's future.
Think we found the next POTUS.
Girl, you gotta run for President in 2020.
We are proud of you!!!!!!!
Say word! If that doesn't work then stand in front of it!
And some wine.
