Tell ur new friend Bernie to park his ego & his speeches this week, & focus on killing this
Why are you hating on the man who is responsible for making health care a major issue today
I was alive for Hillarycare Single Payer in 1993 & ACA/Obamacare fight for healthcare for all. Bernard did not invent it.  He hopped on.1/2
2/2 This week is about 100% focus on killing Graham/Cassidy; Instead, Bernard is giving speeches in Cali on his stuff.  He needs to sit.
If he had sat as you suggested there wouldn't be the ground swell there is today around healthcare as a human right.
Actually he toured red states pandering to racists.
Sounds like you're trapped in the red and blue paradigm. Class warfare and wealth transfer supersede that. Break out of your mental shackles
Save it.  I don't play well with Berners or racists.  Move along now.  You don't want to go there.
Signing up to fraud Bernie crap is lethal. I don't want to lose my employer provided health care. I need more than what medicare provides.
You're completely misguided. Under Sanders' plan there would be no more co-pays, deductibles, etc...& Medicare covers many things private
insurance does not. In addition, the plan phases in over several years and that's once it passes. I think your plan is safe
Really? How do U know what my private insurance covers? Not to speak of tax increase to pay for it. Btw it's not even saint Bernie's plan
Almost all private insurance companies in the US follow Medicare. Very few cover anything it doesn't. How do I know? I worked in health care
for 30 years & Medicare is pretty much the standard. And, again, this is, at least, several years in the future.
The tax increase should more than be made up 4 by the absence of co-pays, deductibles, premiums. If your employer provides health insurance
that generally means wages don't grow as they should. People love 2 tell me #MedicareForAll isn't free but seem to think employer provided
Absolutely
And can we expect you to do your part & lead the effort to withhold consent?
Now could you please talk to Bernie. I am serious. His supporters are tweeting it's okay to let ACA fail. We will remember.
Those same Butthurt bros who gaslighted everyone last year and promised no consequences to protest voting for Trump now say let ACA die  – at La Grullensa Restaurant
Makes u wonder just WHERE do they really stand, doesn't it?
Yup I don't trust most of the wm anymore. Had an "independent" Trump sympathizer approach me at work yesterday. I slid away so fast
Wm?
White males lol
I thought so.  
How about focusing on shipping illigal aliens out.
Busy citizens! you can text the word "resist" to 50409 and use resistbot to send faxes to your legislators. No mess no fuss 
So our legislative process can be more corrupted by low information voters? - "Great"? ProTip:smaller government is better government. #Earn
also, our #potus is "low-information". so what's the big deal? ppl are scared and feel that they have #novoice
Fear and worry, when simply "virtual signaled" / not to actually help people, are little more than wasted effort *or* publicity seeking ....
Don't these clowns have anything better to do. Maybe they could fix healthcare rather than destroy it
Thank you and please keep fighting for all of us
@SenBillNelson fight fight fight for my rights to have healthcare Please!!!!
You say "Right to"(insurance) - I hear Right to "a portion of my earnings" or "force doctors to serve you at a loss". #ThatsNotHowRightsWork
Give me a break! Different countries do it & it's work'g 4 them. U don't see them bitch'g about it. Work'g since 14yrs old. Now it's my turn
2020
Yes, and what a success that was.
For our family it would end life as we know it because we are sick? Is that what the founding fathers wanted
I'm utterly disgusted that Lindsey Graham would put his name on this reprehensible attempt to kill tens of thousands of Americans.
Here I was thinking Lindsey Graham was one of the good guys of the GOP.
Lesson for 2017: There appear to be no "good guys" in the GOP. Kept hoping they would step up, but no heroes, no good guys. Just lackeys.
Follow the party line at all costs. To hell with the ppl they represent.
People need to pay attention and do research. They can call the bill whatever they wish. Result is the same. Block grants? SERIOUSLY?
That would be a good thing.
Called my senators office!!!!
Just the opposite. We need to get rid of you Socialists/Communists who want 2 make more of us poor because you think we'll vote for you
Good lord. You do not understand economics.
Good Lord. You are another #BrainwashedLiberal . . . on the verge of embracing Communism/Socialism #SocialismSucks
Humana CEO Bruce Broussard's pay increased to $17 mil from $ 4.8 mill in 2015. This is why healthcare costs keep rising,  vote single payer

No Graham whatever bill keep #obamacare fix and get r done!
You also need to be cutting not increasing military spending. Ivest in life not death.
#SeriouslySpeakUp#ThisIsExtremelyVital
You are so much more than one of the greatest actors on the planet. Thank you for your advocacy, @jes_Chastain  
Thank you Senator Harris!!
You mean the UNAFFORDABLE care act.
I'm tired of having to fight for my life every few weeks. This has to stop. It is cruel to take away healthcare AND put them thru hell.
What is affordable about Obamacare, biggest lie ever!
Yo you are ok with one step more into a socialist government Better do your homework
Look at our roads and you want that idea of health care tax on the rise all the Tt
Text to 50409 with 'resist' it works very well to contact "Congress" with a fax from YOU. Fax your words and experience on Healthcare.
We need healthcare for all. Mnuchin wife w/designer junk - no ACA for those in need? What country is this?
Im only 51 and close toenteringSports Psychologyall I want is my chance 2 cure concussions fordissertation this is socruel as socialservant
Please I have CIDP/Atypical ALS if preexistingconditions gets cut I will be close to death by1 yearnow withthe ice bucket cures aroundcorner
Betcha when you are stripped of your healthcare-put on ACA, you will cry a river!
I know you've suffered from the ACA, but throwing it out entirely isn't the answer. It needs to be fixed...thoughtfully & compassionately.
Fixing it leads to single payor-the VA is prime example of single payor. Look @Canada and England too!
Not arguing. I don't have the answer. But I have great concern for people who couldn't otherwise get healthcare. ACA needs to be fixed.
How about your vote on the defense bill - shouldn't you talk about that?!
Everyone please call your senators to vote no on graham/cassidy bill that will leave 32 million people uninsured.
I agree wholeheartedly, but could that national embarrassment addressing the UN maybe not kick off WWIII?
After our votes are counted they refuse to listen to the voters.  I guess they think we can't read the bill? Or care about the CBO take?
Evil little angry small old white men.  They do not stop until they die.
Now is the time to REPAIR Health Care as a RIGHT not as a PRIVILEGE for the 1%.  Repeal will make you monetary RICH, but MORALLY CORRUPT.
SINGLE PAYER! BC NEWSFLASH Rubio ended the ACA in 2014.
Please run for President!!  We need you!
Ugh
@gmo1stmimi  ... MAKE IT HAPPEN!
OK, I am  ready to GET BACK TO WORK!

If you see Trump today tell him THE REAL REWARD IS IN DOING THE WORK!
@gmo1stmimi ... have a message,  and it makes me cry.  WE care about EVERYBODY having health care so much so that WE DO THE WORK to ...
@gmo1stmimi  I  need a hug! 
You are working so hard to make sure EVERY AMERICAN has health care while MORNING JOE makes fun of US not...
This week you need to get your socialist arse out of congress.
Yes! Thank you, Kamala, for fighting the good fight.
Sorry I'm watching for the Russian planes
Please kill the bill before it kills people!
U just co-sponsored a bill that even Bernie Sanders can't explain the economic effects and cost of but now ur worried about protecting ACA?!
An Ugly Ritual. Every few months, we rely on the sickest among us to provide visual proof of y we need care & beg @GOP not to kill us all.
You want to help people. Simple I am disabled I don't get state support at all but pot.heads qualify for it. So fix real stuff and kill this
@LindseyGrahamSC please stop fix ACA IF you stop lobbyist, CEO's and drug co's from over charging we wouldn't have this issue GREED no to u
I cant afford to go into more debt with all my medical bills and regular prescriptions..
Don't take away my ability to help my patients.
Many many of us are 100% behind you
Interesting happens when Manafort might be indicted...

Keep focus but do not forget #TrumpRussia
It would end healthcare as we know it today! 

#SaveACA
Angels of Death - US is unique among advanced nations in not guaranteeing basic health care...immoral&unethical...”
WHY DO WE HAVE TO KEEP DOING THIS???
Repeat kill the bill....

Yes let's get this thing repealed.
This new RepublicanCare bill will be devastating for many Americans. We don't even know the full impact because Sen Repub's just don't care.
Working on it, as long as it's understood we want M4A!Tell your "buddies". The ins companies had their chance and blew it because of greed.
And a lot of people.
I wouldn't mind ending these unholy premiums.  They are getting exponentially bigger and you just want to fight republicans.  #ImOutOfMoney
https://arionstylist.wordpress.com/2017/09/18/living-kasi-style/ …
instead, let's end the trump presidency.
So, thx to @LindseyGrahamSC, @BillCassidy and @GOP, we now have to waste 2 more weeks defending #ACA rather than impeaching @realDonaldTrump
@RepDaveJoyce @senrobportman @JohnKasich#TrumpRussiaCollusion
It's gonna pass this time. NEXT GRIPE
Uh Oh, the GOP just might repeal Obamacare this time! What do these chumps have against poor people?!
Very focused. This will change how Americans view Congress and this ridiculous costly bill. Families will suffer. The world is watching.
They are intending to wear us down. But LET'S instead BUILD UP.
uuu. &&juuuuuy5ybt 5.  t55j. ujnuuuubjyb
jujuy j nuu7ujn
As usual the GOP is sneaking and attempting to overturn Obamacare they know they are time limited.
h;h vbkj. j u u ui

ASK under Art 1 sec 8 cl 18 y necessary how proper Different political ideology does not count as CONSTITUTIONAL
@Deemoney521 Agree, but please stop playing politics w/people's lives by continuing this game w/Sanders.
I will not support and vote for you ...save ACA ...and stop with this fake socialist propaganda
I can't believe it.
-GOP still wants repeal #ACA 
-Bernie still wants Medicare for all.
- This is pure madness 
You lost my support and vote
Too late McCain said yes
Am I correct in stating the waiver system is still available in this version, giving states the opp to deny pre-existing?
I am ready for #MedicareForAll
Pray to Saint Bernie why don't you.
Just when I start to respect Lindsey Graham, he does something stupid like this. Tsk. SMH.
Sad to say, Cassidy, is one of our state senators, and a DOCTOR. What a Hypocrite.
There's nothing affordable about it. Enjoy that 18% increase in 2018...but you probably don't use the ACA.
Any questions
It takes it takes Health Care coverage back to the 1940s
Send fax or call - this makes it super easy
Cowards
Go, Kamala, go!! We love you and your defense of our basic needs and rights!!!
Sending emails / calling although I'm never sure @SenPatRoberts gets the messages. His office isn't user-friendly.
Bernie scared the s*** out of GOP.They were not going 2 let single-payer get that close 2 2018 election.So 45 took the  worst HC bill 4 us
Back in March, Bill Kristol & Charles Krauthammer (↑GOP) were saying US would INEVITABLY be seeing "single payer",
Thank you! And thank you for supporting Medicare for all!
You need to focus on AND SAY NO TO the thin blue line bill as well!
Yes! Focus. Tell Bernie to stop harassing Dems who are fighting the current fight, not some ideal goal. People are hurting NOW!!
I meant tell Bernie to tell hid supporters to stop harassing.
I called Lindsey Graham's office three times!!!
Yes. That's what we want.
Move to Canada!
Is that all those GOP eejits do? They are a broken record. For the last 6 years the only thing they have tried to do is repeal the ACA. Fail
If it defunds PPH it needs 60 votes per what was determined after last bill that did that. PUSH for this and help get the bill off table
Then why the M4A dog and pony show at such a crucial moment?
Medicare for all is not the answer...
Here they come again. Another slimy attempt to take HC away from millions. They're trying 2 wear us down. They won't stop, so we can't stop!
Yes
. . . as if they had nothing more important to do with their time. . . 
Totally agree
@JRehling yet you did the whole Bernie thing with Reps on MSM pointing out even Dems hate ACA. We need support for ACA
ACA was DEALT A FATAL BLOW IN 2014/BY RUBIO.
@MSNBC @CNN @cnnbrk COVER THIS. COVER THIS. COVER THIS. COVER THIS.
People need to pay attention to what the GOP is going to try to push through.TAKE ACTION before this happens. Call your Congressmen, say NO!
Too bad you wasted that time and energy on that Medicare for all bill that you all ADMITTED has no chance. Focus dammit! 
Do better.
Thank you, Senator Harris, for posting earlier the number to call:  202-224-3121, and thank you for fighting to defeat this dreadful bill!
"Between impossibility and possibility, there is a door, the door of hope."  Open that door!
It needs to be ended! It's hurting jobs, hurting families that participate in labor force. It's a bad law! #RepealAndReplace
Could you address and focus on why FNMA and FMCC profits were used to pay for the ACA?  Why was congress not aware if this?  #FANNIEGATE
(202) 224-3121
Is @SenSanders on board? Saw a statement-not emphatic enuf to reach zombie Berners. Not sure he's not for ACA repeal to fuel revolt.
Sadly, I don't think that Sanders and his supporters are truly committed to saving Obamacare.
We shall see.  I have not noticed any ramping up to #SaveACA yet.
Our Revolution is currently promoting the MFA.
Thank you Sen Harris for helping lead the charge.
That means you and everyone of us neeeeeed to get on the phones and call
Simple question:  can this country and it's citizens afford Obamacare?

Call & share your Senators today! Keep calling everyday. 202 224-3121.
Yes, please defeat this outrageous bill!
Please call this Trumpcare  bill
  Ty vry much, ty
Focus on fixing the issues within your state. Focus on brighter women than you, like Asra Nomani and Ayaan Hirsi Ali. Educate yourself.
Please don't let this abomination pass.
Fight hard. I believe in you
Thank you Sen. Harris!!!
The aca is killing itself
End it!!!  It's not affordable!  It needs to go just like Obama!
We need to organize and ban together and create a united front against Trump. There is Power in numbers with one voice with one goal!
And Medicaid in 10 years. 10% of kids across the US would lose insurance.
Amen...but also tell your divisive friend Bernie to focus his energy on defeating GOP efforts and not his wonderful but unrealistic agenda.
Please stand strong against this bill. We'll call our reps. Who support & flood their phone lines!
Will you have enough republicans to say no
Karmala: It's NOT AFFORDABLE! Repeal it!!!
where do you see yourself in 10 yrs? Giving paid speeches to Wall Street or? Serious question. #Obama
Lindsey Graham plays both sides of the fence for Trump, this man can't even mask his fear of this ILLEGITIMATE POTUS!
#DrainTheSwamp
We need to hear about it constantly.  Graham is all done "doing the right thing" for America.
I trust you will do everything you can to defeat Graham-Cassidy, who do I need to call to help?
Democrats think it stinks too! We voted for Trump!
We need EVERYONE behind the effort to defeat this noxious bill!
Senator Harris please reach out to Senator McCain for his no vote, this bill is no better than the last one he voted on
Kill the Graham-Cassidy Deathbill #Graham-CassidyDeathBill
Kill the Graham-Cassidy Death Bill #GrahamCassidyDeathBill

End it. End it. End it.
Too bad the DDD Party was so busy getting drunk and screwing in lightbulbs with Barry, in 2008, or you'd have ERA and no war, then Medicare.
Thank god we have Peter who's a celebrity keeping us updated on politics . He is keeping all us informed thanks Peter for caring for us
Yes and #HR620
That's kind of the idea - get rid of the disaster known as Obamacare
Get rid of the ACA.  People able to work should pay their own insurance!!!  I work for my money!!!
What happened?
TROOPS HIT THE PHONES,EMAIL, TTY NOW GO TO WASHINTON IF U CAN & PROTEST. PACK THE GALLERY AND THE HALLWAY. DO NOW! MAKE IT LOUD! GO!!!!
ACA.  AND BOYCOTT ELECTION MACHINES AND.PAPER ONLY VOTES HIGH. TELEVISED  TRANSPARENCY RECOUNT2X 
REMOVE ILLEGALS IN WH RIGGED FAKE ELECTION

Time to call your senators @ 202-224-3121, vote NO 2 Graham healthcare bill. Repeals pre-existing, cuts 2 Medicaid. Worse bill proposed yet.
Venezuelan socialized medicine at its finest. Let's have more government intervention into healthcare! #MedicareForAll
Why are you detracting from the Resistance with your single payer now fantasy? If ACA goes down, you helped. If Trumpcare passes, you helped
Precisely why it will pass. When you socialist pigs oppose something,  it's a clear signal it's good for America
it would end everything healthy as we know it!
Thank you for fighting to save the ACA; access to care is what saves kids like mine and gives them a chance at life.
Living his best life at the beach today: his number one goal is to catch a seagull and ride it like a tiny Pegasus. 
Make those phone calls today!
#resist
@RachelFine we need to end Obamacare. You people are not being effected by it. It's hurting many people. Killing jobs.
Under this bill, people with metastatic cancer will pay $142,650 more a year to get coverage.

That is not reform. That is a death sentence.
