Not true.  I suggest you familiarize yourself with the 1979 ARPA and Cedar Mesa SRMA.
Is there anything this #POTUS won't try to tear down??  #Impeach #bannongothisway
Disgusting and disgraceful.
He has to go  . #Racist #potus on #deck .  We gotta get him out of the #whitehouse that #slavesbuilt now .  He is #destructive #evil .
Where have you been living the last month? There r no "sacred" sites, or statues, or cultures anymore. Native Americans are no exception! 
But statues are important? SMH.
Icing on the cake. Trump destroys the land for profit at same time as he grinds hearts & souls of a minority group into waste left behind.
Zinck:  you've just revealed yourself as a man after trump & bannon's own hearts. Shame on you. May the Native American Spirits defeat you!
@GOP to donors: "Let the rape and pillage begin!".
Must not be allowed to happen.
Clearly they want to alter them for personal gain.  I'm sure there's oil in those hills they're trying to get.  
Here we go again with this mess. Can anybody stop these people.
I think sacred lands should be given to Native Americans and we have no say whatsoever. It's their land we stole.
I agree!  Native Americans can be trusted to honor the sacred lands and protect them for future generations.
Oil, coal, greed, inhumanity, nazism, capitalism, racism. Time to fight hard.
I thought #Dumpster was all concerned about our "heritage"? Isn't THIS our Heritage? It belongs to ALL OF US. What an incoherent joke he is.
That's not important to the Trump Base.

They're happy they have POTUS full support and know they'll get a pardon from the WH.   #MAGA
This is truly sickening. He has to be stopped, he's out of control. What can be done?
NO!!!!!!!!
Unbelievable first yall killed almost all the Native Americans you took their land and mived them ti someplace whrtr could even grow food
So much 4 that heritage argument. My bad! These are brown skin people. Trump has no respect 4 our heritage. RESIST!


Of course it does, cuz nothing says America like the white man raping & pillaging sacred lands!
If it's shitty, he'll do it. Count on that.
That's not New, thats their Platform!
They don't believe in the original history of this country so therefore have no respect for the Native Americans and their sacred sites
NO
Did those "protections" protect them from a Canadian oil pipeline company and their brutal "private security"? No, and neither did Dems.
Good, there will be more land for us to ride our dirt bikes on!!!! GO DOI.
Do those sites have oil, natural gas, or minerals?
Yes like reason for Afghanistan troop build up- get minerals for big $$$$$
This has to be stopped! The man is not stable!
Thanks, Sen. Harris! Bears Ears is SACRED GROUND.  "Shrinking," "altering," or "revising" national monuments = Zinke code for "ELIMINATION."
ARE YOU F'NG KIDDING ME!! What-do we have to storm the freakin WH ourselves to remove this monster and his cronies?!? OMG

  Leave public lands alone! We don't need more oil & gas, we need more renewable energy sources. 45 needs to work on infrastructure!
you have an opinion on everything...and I am bored with your ideas, Senator
NO.
He's no Teddy Roosevelt
Haven't we had enough of pushing around Native Americans! I know I have so they've got to be fed up.
We will fight to keep the sacred, sacred.
Why are we letting them get away with This? They want to destroy our planet. It's infuriating.
No surprise there.
He's so greedy #TRUMPSGREED
Thought such an action to be illegal.
You have a one track strategy....identity politics.....you know nothing else..
We stole their land and now comes their sacred sites. It's a wonder they haven't started war.
Why r they so hell-bent to eliminate the protections?
Makes you think they have friends who could make money off it
Please #ImpeachTrumpNow
How much more are we going to condone? Seriously?
That's all a lie you libtards want to erase slavery from the past you can't erase history or racism it happened because of democratic hate
You can feel free to block all his white trash attacks on natives.  Furthermore the reservation system is white trash bs too.
All those natives should feel free to go wherever the heck they please in the country.
If America can find millions of people to support BLM, Women's Rights, and protest racism, surely we can protect sacred sites. #OurHeritage
I am thoroughly convinced their primary objective is to change us from American the Beautiful to America the Belated #RemoveTrumpASAP
Hypocrites. Tearing down statues but protecting sacred sites. Ugh
Just downright pathetic.
STOP THE LAND TAKEOVER!
This is just wrong when will the greed end!
Convicts,illegal aliens,Antifa & terrorists. Democrats core voting block. Moderate Demos better realize that their party has been hijacked.
He is ruining our country! #despicable
Awful!!
Who cares!!
He is hitting minority groups hard, like Hitler did. Remove this creep from office.
Original inhabitants are sickened by this shameful, vulgar, hateful, inhumane, malignant narcissist thief.
Wonder who will pocket the big bucks when it happens?
No!
Trump has always been racist towards Native tribes he's been resentful because their gaming success.
Don't be a dimwit. To the Indians ever square acre of land in US could be considered sacred ground. Geeeze
Sickening!!! Trump doesn't care about Destroying Native American Sacred Sites, but treasures & defends keeping confederate monuments??!!
Protect Mother Earth! She gives us everything, everything.
if Congress gave the power to a president to create a monument, it also gave the power to take it away.
Stop this insanity. 45 is ruining America.
When will these atrocities stop? Humanity is being persecuted-Please SAVE DEMOCRACY SAVE the Human Race- we r all in danger
No!!
WTF is wrong with this administration 
We don't own the land 
We are not Lords from the Middle Ages 
They are the Native Americans
Exactly don't you think we gave enough
Kamala call Willie Brown I'm sure he can help you
This is so sad. Pathetic actually. We took their land once. Now we shall take it again? This is why Columbus Day is such a farce...
Not without a fight.
Not today.
Deplorable
Who's buying?

Just as putin wants
This is what Trump's goals are. Congress needs to step up now.
$$$$ in his pocket and in billionaires who supported him
Why is this administration working so hard to undo what previous administrations worked so hard to save and bequeath to the people?


He's the epitome of unwavering treason...
Not on MY watch.
this is shameful.
#TheResistance #RESIST #DemsUnited #UniteBlue #DemForce START IMPEACHMENT BY #VOTEBLUE #FLIPBLUE the PARTY THAT WORKS FOR YOU 
WTF is wrong with this administration 
We don't own the land 
We are not Lords from the Middle Ages 
They are the Native Americans
Unacceptable @savebearsears  #GrandStaircaseEscalante @OrrinHatch #CascadeSiskiyou @RonWyden @SenJeffMerkley #UniteBlue @LCVoters @NRDC @REI
As a Native American that has studied our history, the US government has broken every treaty so far. We are just happy the genocide ended.
Have u seen video of young white woman and her kids proclaiming that she wanted a genocide NOW to protect her kids? It is NOT over WAKE UP
So so wrong! From a British Druid to an Indigenous American this makes me sad
It's easy, just have him removed since we don't like him. Get Hillary to remove him.
lawsuit, lawsuit, lawsuit.  Tie it up in court until the asshat is out of office.

He is intent on ruining everything sacred, except what he holds most dear. Himself and his money.
Too bad you REFUSE to stand up for ALL Americans and ALL Monuments
Quickly. Relocate those Confederate monuments.
 tragic. Make it stop!!!
I am sick at heart
YES! your acknowledgement in these mins Sen.Kamala Harris, tweet (notification) TRUTHFULLY (Family)
Disastrous @realDonaldTrump
He can't do this! We can't take anything else from them.
http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2016/apr/6/kamala-harris-california-ag-behind-daleiden-raid-s/ … #KROOKEDKAMALA - remember when you jailed @daviddaleiden for exposing babies being murdered&sold?
Not surprised. Native Americans raped again by white Supremacists. Horrible.
NO!
Please do not let this happen.  It is wrong. We owe this people so much more.
Anyone know where Zinke's family plot is located?
No preserving the heritage of native Americans but he will back some racist treasonous generals statue.
Well said- please someone SAVE us. SAVE DEMOCRACY SAVE HUMANITY

https://youtu.be/QJwi1WHJ3zE 

https://youtu.be/YB1CRrXDQT8 
#Sad. We need to fix our relationship with the planet, not destroy it.
They have to be stopped. They're putting the great natural treasures of America at the disposal of industry. Please stop them.
All for $$$ in their golden pockets
It kills me. Not like it's enough we pay their every expense. They will leave the coffers and countryside bare if we let them.

https://youtu.be/f-tL6LXHaO4 
He heaps shame on this country.

https://youtu.be/QE98t-l2zPI 

https://youtu.be/ZGADrt5hhwM 

https://youtu.be/ZMP-4yN2zmk 

https://youtu.be/DTYzZOs6oGM 

Democrats Busted
Baltimore's statues were commemorated by @NancyPelosi's Father Mayor D'Alesandro…
Can anyone do anything to stop this President? Enough is enough! Remove him, please.
Bring it on!  He needs to go now.  Disastrous presidency @realDonaldTrump @GOP
Sen Harris: Also please ask Zinke to denounce white supremacists
NO! This is unacceptable!
If Pres. Obama's name is on it, Trump will get rid of it. And, it's probably also a little 'pay back' for the Confederate Monuments ;)
Just disgusting! Some people have no respect,no morals and no heart!
And those people r running our government and RUINING our country
Only 8 months in and they are already damaging this nation.
