And the "Peaceful" Antifa with the mace, bats, shields etc. They're obviously and sadly on the side of good? Seem a bit warped to you? It is
Does that justify someone driving a car into a crowd of people to you ? That's more than a bit warped.
They were both there to pick a fight.
No both sides! One side to racism and bigotry. One side. Stop this bullshit "both sides" excuse mongering. #BlackLivesMatter
Sure ... #blacklivesmatters are all angels,calm,respectful people that seek peace and love...  omg! The hypocrisy!!!! 

Neo-nazis: purge the soil of filth, Hitler is not bad

BLM: the state should kill fewer black people…
Hitler was Terrible!! People should b judge by their actions not color.Many play the RACE card 2justify themselves after committing crimes
If you think that "asking the police to stop killing them" = "playing the race card" you are suffering from a severe case of white privilege
Why aren't you all in DC removing the Nazis from White House that inspired this, Bannon, Gorka, Miller? Oh and 45 how are we not moving now?
I'm working on the white supremacists among my own friends, family, and community. Outnumbered in Indiana.
I hope that's sarcasm. Go view Southern Poverty Law website on hate groups. Indiana has more than its share.
Which comment do you mean? I sincerely feel outnumbered by Trump supporters in IN.
I feel out numbered too!
Thanks...Nice to know we're not alone.
And the militias with guns.
Stop with denial. Violence is violence reagrdless of reason, belief, religion or race. Violence should not be allowed on either side.
Since Richard Spencer was there, that's a very bogus statement. You know who he is, right? Founder alt-right movement. Heil Trump guy?
Complete Setup By Elected Officials to Promote Resistance ...Check Out ANTIFA Flyer Form #Charlotteville @KamalaHarris Part of It VoteHerOut
Yup all paid for by Soros to bring @realDonaldTrump down he better have soros and family locked up only gonna get worse
Oh c'mon now where do you people get these conspiracy theories from?
Breitbart, InfoWars, POTUS... and so many more sources.
LMAO, that's f$$ked man.
How about the black masks and weapons. ANTIFA AND BLM. BOTH HATE GROUPS. Very willing to destroy our NATION
Torches and swastikas aren't a "side"... they are a minuscule fringe group... go on and continue to distort facts for your fake platform.
Furthermore... this pick a side crap, as if there are only 2, that the Dems are playing further demonstrates the left's childish ignorance.
And why don't you condemn #BlackLivesMatter  or #ANTIFA .??
look at you trying to shift the blame
When I grew up you knew a bad guy in the movies because he wore a mask to do evil anonymously. The Alt-Left wear the masks & carry bats!
But it's not hard for you either Kamala to turn a blind eye to #AntifaTerrorists
How do you explain your precious #Antifa attacking police? They aren't holding torches or brandishing swastikas? Quit race baiting, lady!
Have fun in prison! #maga
Yeah, If you ignore a years worth of violent protests by the radical left
Millions in property damage alone
They do NOT represent Trump supporters; are you refusing to hear that, Kamala? Does Antifa represent YOUR views? #GoodGrief
Really now?
Don't forget bad guys wear mask
Kamala 2020! I would love to see Trump run the table like Reagan did. Kamala will make that possible.
Kamala will NEVER be President. Ha. Because of two things. 1. Stuff like this. 2. Her incompetence.
Correct...it's you bcuz you are helping to promote racism & violence by not engaging in a face to face dialog w/POTUS #ShameOnYou ...

I'm so behind times...I didn't know tiki torches made someone a white supremacist and I have 5 on my patio
U r full of it a set up from your Nazi sympathizer boss George soros
Torches and swastikas equal a moral conundrum for 45. No matter how great our economy gets he'll always be morally bankrupt. IMPEACH HIM.
What's wrong? RUSSIA COLLUSION didn't work ????  Losers gonna hate !!!
How's your extortion case going, Senator?
And #WeThePeople remember when @TheDemocrats was with the KKK . Remember Gov George Wallace @SenKamalaHarris , or did they teach you history
TY Senator, the violence isn't limited to one crazed guy in a car. It is torches, swastikas and words designed to terrorize.  #JusticeForAll
Very true. ANTIFA and BLM try to intimidate and instill fear to silence those who disagree with them. All are hate groups.
You know full well that it was agitation propoganda doing all the crazy shit on both sides of the fight to further your agenda
The intent was to kill...
and the Neo Nazi did kill an American
Ah yes... #ANTIFA ...using Nazi tactics to silence anyone and everyone who dares call them Nazis.
Both sides were wrong. So was the mayor that ordered police to stand down. Deliberate, evil. Don't be a party to it.
WH Gorka insists we be nicer to White Supremacists. With so many in the White House, i can see why he would say that.

Or wearing masks and carrying flags with hammer and sickle.
I'm tired! How do we get him out of here? Isn't there ANYTHING he can say that'd be grounds for impeachment? If this isn't enough...
When does the part come where u speak of the paid thugs known as Antifa & BLM. They were the other side.I guess you're OK with that violence
Not hard to spot the other vile ppl, they had black helmets and mask. Also carring sticks, looking for someone to hit. They had a target
and the badges.
are you above or below? ....Asking for a friend .
Who's next on  okay to assault list by the @TheDemocrats & media ? Prolife ? Climate change deniers ? Anti amnesty city activists?
Not everyone had a swastika or torch. Besides, do you NOT see the other side and their signs/weapons/chants? I guess ur racist too.
Seriously you racist?!? White supremacy groups are despicable, but #Antifa, with black masks, chains,  & bats, are equally despicable 
The ORGANIZER  with the swastikas was a George Soros 99% Democrat as well as former CNN employee.  ALL Dems were the provocateurs jackass.
And those is black masks are the good guys?  You're fucked in the head.
And maybe these guys too:
You forgot the ones with the communist red flags and the dressed in black masked thugs.   What a true dem loser
democraps will lose so badly next year. I don't hear about the better deal anymore guess that's gone to shit already. Ppl see ur deal
ignore the bats brought by peaceful protestors!
They're the ones burning the US flag, carrying communist/anarchist flags, attacking demonstrators, and throwing urine on reporters.
Say it #ANTIFA
This tweet will make a great TV ad if you choose to seek higher office Oh lady, will this come back to bite you!
and some dressed like military with assault weapons in a picture I saw! Hard to tell them from real law officers!
Seriously, you see a right side to mob violence?  #pjnet #maga #ccot #tcot #lnyhbt #draintheswamp #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder #liberallogic
Not hard!
Their organizer worked for Obama.
Careful Kamala, it wasn't that long ago that people said "it's easy to spot the wrong side, they have black skin and kinky hair".
There were two wrong sides there. I know you have a ways to go before you can admit that, but I'll keep trying. You have 2 be for all people
TIKI torches to make your backyard parties fun & mosquito free. The scary nazis wanted a Polynesian theme.
You don't seem to get enough face time. Get a life.
Give 'em Hell Senator! Our Team is Real Tough!
Antifa is the other side of the same coin. If they and other instigators hadn't shown up there wouldn't of been any violence. Understand?
...and the black clothing covering their faces and using batons to break other people property!
Noone is disputing the supremacist group was wrong, but so was Antifa, take a look at g20 protests or Berkeley if you think they are "good".
You practiced law right? If more than one group is violent at a protest, do you only charge one? Or do you charge both? Sides = plural = 2+
Your memory must be failing you if you don't also consider Antifa to be "wrong", reminder they damaged UC Berkeley property this year...
Senator it's your duty to lead the Senate in #ImpeachTrumpNow .  We need to save our country now, this madman is leading us to nuclear war..
Stop chasing FAKE Trump stupidity. Goal is to deflect from True Dirt like extreme conservative lifetime court appointments. Media wake up.
"Manysides" is as pathetically misguided as "All lives matter".
#manysides #BlackLivesMatter #ITMFA
Run Kamala Run - 2020
Kamalathis was a diversion gone bad.
And the MAGA hats
That's surely true Kamala but it's also true that you didn't prosecute Steve Mnuchin & now the crook is secretary of the treasury.
The ones that started the fight with people that had a legal permit to protest there were the ones in the wrong.
And ur so full of 
What about the #antifa  pussies with masks on flying communist flags swinging bats, throwing feces, rocks, urine? How did you miss them?
Or the ones with a (D) next to their name.
Too bad our prez doesn't see it that wat
Please help us get rid of Dolt 45. We have had enough winning
Yeah, the antifa angels were on a church field trip , and BLM came along for the ride.
...and the ones who showed up wearing helmets and carrying weapons.
We can't get rid of the Blacks and the Jews. #ucla wouldn't have a football team!
And Guns!
Hey there! Better knock it off. You're talking about Trump's supporters.
Your blindness to the Antifa and BLM thugs speaks volumes.  Please run for president in 2020!
Holy shit, seriously? You think there's a good side? Because I think that makes you dangerous.
But your antifa is also Nazist-vandalism-aggression. Why your Antifa-Nazist is condoned and why left supports them Nazists antifa?
And killing white babies https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=lrNiPf4Kyxs …
What about the anti-fa carrying bats wearing masks spraying reporters with urine and punching a reporter You believe that is OK Hypocrite!!!
And high powered assault rifles.
If the extreme leftist wore a swastika and carried a torch, it would be easier for their victims to see them coming, would it not?

Wrong side is Repugs who gave Presidency 2 Mien Kampf trump Presidency 2 destroy!After years spent law suits &fraud &corruptions!
And they're also the ones attacking them with their black ski masks on and purposely escalating the violence. Don't forget them.
Oh you mean the permitted folks that marched peacefully on Fri night or the unpermitted ones that showed up on Sat hell-bent on violence?
Wrong. The white supremacists (euro right) AND Antifa Left are both fascists. We've got a Red Shirt v Brown Shirt situation.
You may not be holding a torch Kampala, but you are equally part of the problem and very much on the wrong side. Disgrace.
Sessions is collecting millions of IP addresses and emails of ppl against DJT. Fascism! Refuses to address Nazi terrorists
and the trump hats and trump signs
Also bandannas and masks on their faces too! Throwing urine in people's faces is sickening!
and WEAPONS
Plus the assault rifles, baseball bats & metal pipes....

Also the tactile gear and the weapons that were openly carried
If weapons were carried like that at a BLM people would lose their shit.
Hate on all sides must end
And the KKK among them were carrying guns.
Too bad you are not taking vocal lead against trump's disputable references to women. We need courageous action in congress
Senator we need leaders in congress to call out trump's bigotry and racism directly. Your still playing nice and that won't move us ahead
Thank you.
And the politicians that through race baiting has allowed them agglomerate and increase in numbers. Take some of the blame.
They're the ones Trump supports.
Violence by anyone should be denounced and especially the organized violence by ANTIFA BLM BAMN Jihadists. Nothing else comes close. GET IT!
And the automatic weapons....
"It's the ones who don't hate themselves for being white"  Translated.
Agreed, Madam Future President!
I imagine there will be hell to pay, when these deplorable's reach the pearly gates and discover Jesus is a black man & GOD is a woman.
... and the teleprompter
They have a right to have tourches and swastikas.  Who are you to decide they don't have the right? Can I decide who does or doesn't?
Oh but now the Leader is a Democrat.Unite the Right is fake. Supported Obama part of Occupy Wall Street. Not a very right leaning person.
Senator Harris is blind and foolish.
Ya gotta admit when they(Confederacy) brainwashes ya,ya stay brainwashed,4 Generations. America isn't good at nation building, even our own
I wonder if these are the deplorables HRC was talking about?....hmmm
and the Antifas are the ones in black with masks on - did you miss that ? Of course you did hypocrite!  State the obvious!
Have you forgotten about the black power/Afrocentrist, Micah Johnson, that killed 5 cops in Dallas? http://mirror.co.uk/news/world-new …
And you were equally against the group of bandana bandits in downtown Sacramento
And, a terrifying amount of weapons.
And the confederate flags.
As an Independent I witnessed the violence at rallies & demonstrations. Most violence, burnings & vandalism were ANTIFA.
@POTUS  Your speeches told the nation how you really feel about racism and the KKK, you love them because they support you.
They also refer to themselves as Alt-right.
Why don't you say something real, like singlepayer is a civil rights issue, or private prisons is a major form of white nationalism. #drama
Where your party came from! Slave owners became KKK & were Democrats! Here is a picture to hang on your wall as you sell out Black America!
Wrong side?

"I'm from the white working class. I am deeply humiliated that the Democratic Party can't talk to people where I came from." -@BernieSanders 
So violence is okay as long as it is on your side! Thanks for clearing up why we hear nothing of your sides contribution to the melter!
are you denouncing Antifa and BLM as well...or does the destruction and violence committed by them not concern you...
Oops didn't see that coming.
You must be referring to the terrorist organization called Antifa that incited the violence.
Who are the people wearing masks attacking people? This person thinks she will be President? Ha! I hope she runs. Of course the KKK is wrong
nutcase, India had swastikas before the Nazis.
Well said.
Thank you!
What about the ones in dressed in black with faces hidden and the ones showing up without permits while being bussed in. Also YOU
And Assault Rifles ! How is that permitted ? trump's removal of restrictions on guns no doubt.
Preach it! Keep doing what you're doing Kamala, we love you all the way out here in the Mississippi of the midwest, Ohio.

Love that you praise Antifa, the Democratic Party Paid for Mafia Squad!
#blinders
You mean the ones that were Black Mask and run ads to hire protesters @$25 an hour! That DIVIDE with BLM! You Lying Hack 'N Cull!
It is a sad time for this country again.
The black clothed and masked antifa hate group & BLM hate group also easy to spot. What about condemning ALL violent hate groups?!!
And guns that outgunned the police
And the ones that say the president is one of them.
And the weapons, let's not forget about the weapons.
I like Hunan cooking. Please don't call her that. I don't like humans, it's ok to allege she's one.
Amen.
