Sorry, Senator Harris, but the People no longer trust most in government. It comes from decades of failure in DC & in CA.
Federal prosecutors to Jeff sessions..we don't trust you!
Says the guy that lied under oath! #lyinJeffSessions
@jeffsessions Americans CANT TRUST YOU FOR SURE!
I DO NOT TRUST A RACIST, A LIAR, AND POSSIBLE CO CONSPIRATOR WTH HERR DRUMPF AND SESSIONS IS PART OF RUSSIAN KLAN!
Citizens to Congress/AGs/FBI: Why is this felon still defiling the position of US AG? For crying out loud, do your jobs, remove & try him!
Somebody put that little keebler elf lookalike out on the street please.
Hell, Gringotts Bank didn't trust you, so why should we?
why would he trust a federal prosecutor? America doesn't trust him that makes him more dangerous than pros!
They probably don't trust him. I don't.
Actually, experienced prosecutors do not trust Sessions.  Experience comes w/ wisdom when applying law. Old South Sessions applies race.
Sessions lied in his confirmation hearing. Why is he still in office and not in jail? #SessionsMustGo
I'm shocked.  Not really, he's a racist elf.
Well Mr. Sessions, I don't trust you.
Pretty sure federal prosecutors are saying "Hey, that's OUR line".
I don't trust Jeff Sessions. Hopefully, we can soon have big change in White House & cabinet! #VoteOutGOP2018 #DrainTrumpSwamp #Transparent
You think the other Keebler elves kicked him out the tree for being a racist shitbird, or just 'cause he wouldn't let 'em smoke weed?
From the weasel who lied under oath 
No leftist activists can be trusted.
I think Beauregard should understand that the American people feel the exact same way about him and his boss @realDonaldTrump
We don't trust HIM!
Forget trust. Sessions when will you bring back Keeblers Magic Middles  cookies?
Keebler kicked him out of the tree with a do-not-contact-order due to racism
because....they don't wear klan outfits, like him?
Good I hope you remain worried from this day until the day you leave office.
Who trusts Jeff Sessions?
Oh Jeff, not bout trust! You're just afraid of what they do to cute little elves in prison
Ah, and here we see the Trump Effect: projecting onto others that which you, yourself, are most guilty of.
Little Man...Little Ideas...BIGot Problem
You aren't to be trusted, old school racist as the attorney general is a huge problem and Un-American.
TAKE THEM ALL OUT, before they wreck the nation
Haha...The Destruction of the Demo Party is alive and well !
And we don't trust him..
Who trusts him?
Save AMERICA and the World vote Against the GOP 2018,2020. RESIST IN THE NAME OF JUSTICE AND PEACE
Does Jeff Sessions think Federal prosecutors trust him? I think the feeling is mutual
Why is Jeff Sessions under criminal investigation for meeting with Russians and then lying about it?
All of us don't trust him, so the feeling is mutual.
Session Blacks don't trust you
Oh yeah, well back at cha baby!
Please fight this obvious attempt to repress the colony even further #inners #ACIAN #resist
Unintelligent policy. Stupid man.
I'm sure the feeling is mutual from federal prosecutors towards Sessions.
Back at you,Jeff.
LOL!  I don't trust Jeff Sessions!
From the man who lied under oath 3 times. That we know of
Holy S..t!
Yeah, he's totally trustworthy
And Jeff, we surely do not trust you.
Why is AL Bar not inves 1000s of ethics complaints against him? Pull his license. Not AG if not lic Atty
Federal prosecutors to Jeff Sessions: "we don't trust you, either". 
Sessions is a  bigot who perjured himself. No one should trust him.
Sen.Kamala Harris of Oakland,California @CSPAN  U.S. House of Representatives,Now!! TRUTH
If there's a (KNOCK) fault w/ AG Jeff Session ,is the lack of respect he has for his federal prosecutors; he wants them to charge persons...
of a crime with the most serious provable offense; where as AG Eric Holder would have his prosecutors to consider the merit ot the offense.
Fight him every way you can. #gpajs (good people against Jeff Sessions) #SessionsMustGo #resist
Washington, DC, is a Potemkin village of alabaster and marble
That's cause he can't be trusted. A dominionist in disguise (thin). Hater.
we/US need to know if @AGJeffBSessions took @POTUS "loyalty pledge" cause he's not working for citizens... @washingtonpost #MarchForTruth
Federal prosecutors to Jeff Sessions: Dude, the feeling's mutual.
America doesn't trust him either
And we trust him because....
That scream you hear is the Swamp Dwellers drying up
If you do not trust someone ,
There is probably good cause ,
He is disgraceful
His lying face makes me sick.
The smug look of satisfaction he has boils my blood.
I can't stand that creepy old man! We have to change our government! I'm sick to death of the old white men in charge! Especially Sessions!!
I don't TRUST Sessions! He DOES NOT REPRESENT THE PEOPLE! HE IS A SCUMBAG!
Yeah, he should just fire them and not give them a chance to do their job with the new adm, right Kamala?
Translation: "I'm scared sh*tless and panicking since returning from overseas unexpectedly early...so I could lawyer up against you."
And America doesn't trust you Sessions
Lol, that's ironic, Sessions the liar not trusting.
Its amazing how many Klan members feel that way.
I'm guessing the feeling is mutual.
Me to Sessions: Same.
