Letting murders back on to the streets can cost you:

An innocent life
They're jailing people for years for not paying parking tickets that go to warrant. If you need food stamps, you surely can't pay bail.
Speaking of food stamps, why is having a drug test so "immoral" in the eyes of liberals?
When is the last time the CEO and board of directors of a large corporation had to take a drug test to get a tax cut?
CEOs are not the owners of companies, they are merely the highest ranking employee of the shareholders
Doesn't matter. They're the ones ultimately responsible. Drug test them!
They don't benefit from tax breaks, shareholders benefit thru increased dividends and share appreciation, ignorance.....
Oh, so CEO's don't get bonuses when profits increase, as they would when taxes go down? Derp.
Lets add something to hold more politicians accountable for their dirty dealings to that bill
So you gave up on saving #aca?? I could tell you why you lost... but you don't listen to your constituents
Y u retweeted this Harpo? If they dealt w/ issues that push these folks out of school, there wouldn't be a need 4 this. Get @ the damn prob
True
#BailReform is long overdue. Thank you @SenKamalaHarris for bringing this bill forward.
Insurance reform is needed more urgently. Insurance companies run rough shod over their clients.
Remove the laws that require the courts to use bail services every time! It harms everyone and feeds the prison industrial complex ( slavery
Wait, Sessions new law, let's use it on him now.
Our bail systems (state based) are CRIMINAL in effect! The Criminal Justice Reform process must address bail abuses!
So what exactly did you do to address these issues in CA when you were Attorney General?  That would be good to know.
Thank you for this! #BailReform
Respectfully you and others are about to put people in danger. You have no idea what is happening on the ground level and how hard it is..
Thank you, Kamala!!
This is not the Root Cause!  This is a symptom of a much larger issue.  Where's the Beef?
How about not being arrested for crimes you don't commit as a good start?
Will you Repeal the Crime Bill?  Yes, that's going to take some real political prowess & stomach to stand up for the people! .@SenSanders
Run it by the Committee.  We'll wait.
How often do u think this happens?
Everytime congress tries 2 fix something it gets worse. (Education, Healthcare, Court sys) #fixhealthcare
And yet another reason #kamala2020

Congress not going to jail for theft of service to Americans is unacceptable. You take our tax money as salary and you produce bullshit
Long,  long,  long over due.
Most charges are dismissed in this age of hyper charging police & hyper indicting grand juries. But people sit in jail waiting for dismissal
Bail/jail causes loss of jobs, kids go into foster care, employers lose employees, and it's unjust, horribly expensive, destroys families.
"Every criminal will tell you they are innocent"

That's not even remotely true.
Its time to jail the criminals 

And you will be next
You're soulless, without compassion or human empathy.
Onewest Bank? what did they cost, or they have an exception to the rule? Just now the public recognizes fake don't be.
But if we let people out of jail that could damage our slave labor force. That's really bad for business, I don't know if you've heard.
Lack of single payer could cause death, which might cost you your job. #makessensetome
Did you think of this when you were wanting to send parents to prison for truancy? 
It's time that people understand that if you are in the right place, doing the right thing all the time, you won't have  the problem!
http://bit.ly/EndMarriageFraud … #NoVawa4Visa
And voting rights reform. We need to end felon disenfranchisement so people in the system have a voice. #RespectMyVote
Prove I'm innocent.
And you  2  are aware that it is civil right to be defended, until you are proven guilty?  Burden of proof on the state. I don't  have to
And your  reputation, your  civil liberties, your health etc., etc.
Dumb and Dumber. Update your resume. Recall coming soon.  Stop pushing #bailreform insanity.
Now I am being detained by ICE. Would be more than willing to share how the detectives fabricated evidence against me in the case.
In the state of Conn., 4 lawyers, the prosecutor and 3 judges deprived me due process so I would be convicted for a crime I didn't commit.
How does someone "SMELLED BLACK" or have the "SMELL OF A BLACK PERSON?" That was how the detectives described the suspect in their report.
An unfair justice system in the state of Conn. wrongfully convicted me of a crime I didn't commit, now I am being DEPORTED from my kids.
@SenKamalaHarris, And Your life-now your list is complete

are you talking about demo-rats?
Along w/ ties to community, employment to determine bail. Have a weak case? Job? Family? Bail will reflect it. Stop shilling for criminals.
That's WHY they do it!!
@planetmoney do a podcast on this!
It's refereed to as kidnapping or imposed bondage fee
@planetmoney did a great episode on this topic!
Umm with prop 47 and prop 57 people don't go to jail for anything in California anymore, Who you kidding.
Same for a crime you did commit, which should also concern us. We won't end mass incarceration with purity tests.
You should worry about racial profiling against blacks...less worry for  #illegalimmigrants.. #blacklive smatter because they are Americans!
You should stick to you "Waiting to Exhale" format of a life...
It has cost many decades of incarceration for crimes they did not commit

Also help states incarcerate innocent men to meet quotas
Your life
Political Corruption is the #BIGGEST THREAT 2 DEMOCRACY  in America! Why are you staying Silent about it?
Financial means should not play a part in justice equality. This would be a small start, and a good one. #blindjusticeisnt
*your life #KaliefBrowder
Traffic ticket can cost you $400+, and prior to court date (bail). If found innocent, court should refund you double to prevent BS tickets.
#Harris2020 
Any regrets from your time as a prosecutor?
and a reform of minimum sentencing.
How about not being a criminal? I save money all the time by NOT being arrested.
Haha, are you aware that some people have problems in life?

Your life....
Your life - see Kaleif Browder...
Respectfully, you and other are unintentionally turning this state over to criminals.  It is becoming difficult to keep people safe.
There is nothing unintentional about this movement. She is playing dangerous politics, decriminalization in exchange for votes. Scary.
Crime is already on the rise ma'am and guess who it's affecting the most. Poor people. This reform movement is failing at the gate...
With all due respect Ma'am. You can't put people in danger because of marginal cases where the system did not get it right.
You want domestic violence victims to be in danger, stalking victims, gang victims and others to be put in danger by taking away bail?
So you want to put people in danger based on an assumption that someone did not commit a crime without knowing facts.
I like Kamala Harris but I can't agree with Bail reform.
Like Pedro Hernandez from the BX who's been sitting in Rikers, without a trial & countless witnesses saying he's innocent. #Justice4Pedro
@garrettisme123 the company I interned at this summer is fixing this actually.
It's time for system reform and fire the Attorney General he's a fanatic.
Hmmmm like what
But being able to pardon yourself, priceless.
To add "you didn't commit" is inflammatory and suggests the govt doesn't care about whether the person charged actually committed the crime
#shameful #amerikkka
I concur
Yvette Carnell on Kamala Harris and Steve Harvey ... Watch: https://youtu.be/O7y57S1ouI4  link
How about civil forfeiture? You don't even need to be convicted and they can take your car, money, electronics, etc. way before bail.
I think Sen. Paul has actually worked on that issue as well.  It was gaining bipartisan traction until Sessions became AG.
Your life.  #KaliefBrowder , 1993–2015
Does this apply to the families you robbed with your "smart on crime" truancy bill?
Your future
This is my bro. Pls rt.
Its working in New Jersey: https://www.google.co.uk/amp/s/www.pbs.org/newshour/amp/bb/new-jersey-eliminates-cash-bail-leads-nation-reforms …
Very True!
One thing I heard in my (short) time.... "I got more time than money....".
And in St Louis, in this extreme heat, it seems it could cost you your life.
http://fox2now.com/2017/07/21/protesters-outside-st-louis-workhouse-over-jail-conditions/amp/ …
What's the Actual percentage of this happening..
Not with that racist keebler in the DOJ but @realDonaldTrump is about to give him the boot so he can get rid of Mueller getting to close
Didn't you prosecute parents whose kids skipped school?
Hey @LydaKrewson you may want to make note of this. Its not just here in the StL. Nationwide folks are working on change. We can too.
Try not committing a crime how about that
Your life
Flint Michigan still needs clean water. 
#FlintWaterCrisis
Your life. #SandraBland #SayHerName
#BailReform You never shown an appetite to prosecute REAL criminals re Mnuchin's bank illegal forclosures
Read the NYT op-ed.  Pulling for the passage of the legislation you put forth.
And your life!
Stop
Enough with your bullshit establishment @DNC projection

the #PrisonIndustrialComplex is the problem - Not bail

Your party is so over
So what do you have in mind?
Let's try it out on Jeff Sessions
Amazing episode on what NJ did from planet Money, everyone should listen: http://www.npr.org/sections/money/2017/07/12/536905881/episode-783-new-jersey-bails-out …
indeed
Please explain this to me...our Dis trict Supervisor Malia Cohen posted this issue on Facebook today! Concerned Citizen, thanks.
Excessive bail directly violates the 8th Amendment.
an 8 ball wut
Unless you're Julian Assange, of course.. then you risk someone else's job/home/kids.. :-/
#PedroHernandez
Thank you for fighting for the people that need to be fought for.
@BruinNinja This is analogous to Goldman Sachs advocating for Bernie Sanders' bank busting agenda
There's too many companies profiting from people's need to make bail.
Could you clarify your positions on prison labor and civil asset forfeiture?
TY, Senator Harris, for speaking about this issue. My 12th graders and I will be studying bail and incarc. related issues issues this year.
Are you out of your damn mind!!! You will NEVER be POTUS with that kind of horse shit talk!

Kamala's a #NeoLib who, as California AG, fought the Federal gov so that CA could keep prisoners imprisoned longer
http://www.latimes.com/local/political/la-me-ff-federal-judges-order-state-to-release-more-prisoners-20141114-story.html … 
We the people DEMAND it! God did not breathe His precious breath in mankind for the evil, unjust American system to lock them up like things
Debtor's prisons are alive and well in America. It's a system that perpetrates guilt, instead of justice.
your life #SIPKhalifBrowder
I know it won't happen in my life time, but I'd like to see the entire CJ system dismantled and rebuilt ground up using applied sciences.
I heard it worked in New Jersey!
I see they let OJ out  so either Donald can move in to his suite
3 things need to happen at booking on misdemeanors
1.Triage by Soc Worker 
2.Schedule Court date
3.Personal bond recommend
And please read the @salon interview of #ChristopherParker and #MattBarreto!  These guys get it!
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris! And thank you @ACLU!
And in St. Louis, not being able to make bail means living in close quarters with 700 people in no air conditioning in 100+ heat. Yep.
How many married men did you blow to get where you are Kamala? You're pure #trash. Not worthy of the White House!
Yet, she fought for asset forfeiture to police without any court involvement at all.
Sen. Kamala Harris is really going to have to figure out what to do with California A.G. Kamala Harris http://www.nationalreview.com/article/449668/jeff-sessions-civil-asset-forfeiture-plan-government-sanctioned-stealing … 
Ugh.  Hypocrisy much?
U are 2 cool.
Thank you Senator Harris for this bill!  Maybe you can be the Democratic leader we Democrats need to push forward an agenda for our country?
America hates its criminals. Any conversation addressing improving the criminal justice system/prisons/police conduct are dead ends.
Wait what? Your butter has officially slid off your toast.
Bail is way before court, which would prove you did or did not commit crime.  
Introducing from the Golden State of California, Kamala Harris.
Let's work on disallowing asset forfeiture without a conviction while we're at it?
Also for profit prisons need to go away such a bad idea. It turns imprisoning people into a profit motive. No wonder we do it more.
Yes and how convenient is it that that's a poor person problem. You rich no problem at all. I'll  be at home sipping wine.
Why would prosecutors like you be pressing charges on people who did not commit crimes? #overzealousprosecutionreform
Absolutely. Fixing actual problems = what #RealPublicServants do.
In the case of #KaliefBrowder, cost his dignity & sense of hope which lead to costing his life.
#BailReform
...so unfair and unfortunate for those who are wrongly accused.
makes no sense.  if your arrested it's for usually for good reason. won't know if guilty or not prior to trial/hearing.
Avoiding the real root cause issue....doing the crime created their problems....for some reason we make all efforts to avoid root causes.
Legal offenders on probation have similar problems paying court related costs often leading to revocation.
I was in jail in Rhea county tn for a week for a crime that never even happened waiting to get a hearing for bond,ROC when truth came out
Keep it up @SenKamalaHarris @bannerite Speak Out on the subjects NO ONE else is touching.  Harris2020
#KaliefBrowder has to be one of the saddest stories ever #bailreform
And your life....
#RememberSandraBland
It cost #SandraBland her life.
What's up with this? http://truepundit.com/2020-watch-400000-money-trail-leads-from-dem-sen-kamala-harris-straight-to-bernie-sanders-big-media-firm/ … And no bail changes!!! 
ALL OVER THE US
Many criminals sitting in jail don't have jobs or homes. Can we see the results of your research? Most jail calls are from drug addicts.
& then the results of yours? + the way you leaped over "crime you didn't commit" for your rhetoric was really something.
What about prison reform? What? Are you funded by the prison industrial complex? I wonder...
@Caitlyn_Jenner for U.S. Senate in @California as a @SenateGOP - He/She Can't LOSE!
If you get your way NOBODY will be arrested to any crime except white people.
What if i can't pay a fine?
Did you believe this as San Francisco DA when your deputies argued for higher bail? Or are you bandwagoning?
What about Sessions obsession with asset seizure for the accused?
Not investing in Wells Fargo as a senator would make you a better senator
Your clothes, your dog, your cat, your shoes, all your bank accounts, your cars, your boats, your underwear.
Everything you own.
The government shouldn't be in the business of ruining people's lives!
@merrill2n should be pretty simple to monitor released accused via electronic something
@tamisawyer ...your life too!
Thanks Senator for SB10
You go, Kamala!
Looks like our laws have been designed to keep poor in jail with high bonds. Securing longer term incarceration? Who benefits GEO Group?
To a poor person, $100.00 is a high bond. Money is relative to how much you earn. A person on minimum wage needs every penny the get.
Criminal justice system discriminates against people economically. If you're rich you can get away with anything. If poor, you go to jail.
No body I know gets arrested with no bail for crimes they didn't commit. This is a pander.
president is a criminal the GOP wants millions of us to die for lower taxes benefiting the rich. Putin is more important To Pres than usa.
Omg! We r stuck with Jeff Sessions. Moving backwards not forward.
Pipeline Robbery
Maybe requiring people to post cash to ensure they appear in court is not the best way to ensure they appear in court. #BailReform
Destroy your life. Your family's lives.
See how Canada does pre-trial release. Time to join the 20th century @USA.  Yeah, they started it last century.  #BailReformAct

Sen?  With respect. We care more about you halting our slide into dictatorship...please?  You & Schumee
Start reform bill for California. We are ready.
Let's turn this law around. Every last one of those bastards are being investigated and I demand they seize every bit of their rubles
My brother spent 3 YEARS in jail for a crime he did not commit with no trial b/c it took my family that long to save up enough $ for bail
& he only got out because he requested & received a lower bail amt! It cost us hundreds of $ for phone calls & commissary! UNACCEPTABLE!
Tax on the person being jailed and the family and friends who care.
Thank you.
Is innocent until proven guilty only for the very rich white sector of American Society? Bc shoot 1st doesn't assume that fundamental right
Please run in 2020!  I'll knock on doors make phone calls - whatever it takes.  You should be our President.
It's not enough to reform US criminal justice system, it must be reinvented. Justice may be blind, but it must not be mindless & cruel.
What is the deal about the 97% conviction rate Kamala?
Bail destroys lives
