BREAKING: Lacking votes, Senate GOP leaders abruptly delay vote on health care bill until after July 4th recess.



it's a shame they are so caught up in rewriting the whole thing rather than simply making it better for all Americans.
Yup keep the pressure up, this is just a delay, not over yet.
This is not good news. They will wait till things cool off and pass it when they think no one is paying attention.
I don't understand why both parties cannot sit down and discuss what they have in common about healthcare.  Shouldn't be just one party.
I want to contribute $ but can't afford it. My voice is muted. Would you consider #BasicIncome for the people..for democracy's sake?
Thank you! Just called and emailed both of my senators. Not likely to change minds.  Georgia ~ Perdue and Isakson 
I live I. KY, so you know my call is wasted.
HELLO?!?!?  I HAVE THE SOLUTION!!!!
The American HEATH Act!  
#AHA!
and what happens when the providers jack up the price. They will when they see who is paying the bill. Nice try, keep at it
Please... They will be HAPPY to be #PaidRegularly and #Consitantly! Look, the rest of the #CivilizedWorld has figured it out! 
REMOVE GREED!
If all those countries are so great, why do people from those countries try so hard to get here? #Capitalism
Can't seem to find a video, vote, or tweet in favor of a Single Payer solution @SenKamalaHarris... 
#sellout
#bought
#MedicareForAll
I'll do my best to have them all fired & replaced before I give up.
Keep hammering!
I'm glad you won't let up... Fight and offer the solution to both #Trumpcare and #Obamacare ----> #SinglePayerNow
What a world we live in-that we are fighting our own govt to save lives! People-DO NOT forget this.We have to fight for each other! Godspeed
Senator Harris, please ask Anthony Rendon to free #SB562 so that it can be revised & ready to protect 40 mil in CA. @AsmBocanegra #DoYourJob
They will probably vote in the middle of the night.
It will never be done...Vote Vote
What is happening at Thurs mtg? Will the Squid give conserv more cuts? No time to rest
Thank you for fighting for us.
Keep encouraging violence from the unstable lefties. You will be held accountable. The law will catch up with you.
When are the dems going to go after McConnell and expose him for the scumbag he really is. He is for the rich and not the people.
Cause Repubs will shout "fake news," no matter what you expose. They are literally blind to reality.
The GOP leadership is bought by the 2%
Here come the Bribes & Koch threats!  
Sad & true. #healthcarebill
Will kill millions.

The People shut down the Capitol demanding @Rendon63rd pass #SB562 #SinglePayer

"Corporate greed is killing my patients!"

…
What a brilliant tweet? Shame of you delighted for this. Be wise !
How do I know where Rubio can be found on the holiday break? Do they keep a schedule?
It is good news, but we #Dems also need to be proposing fixes to #ACA. We cannot win back the voters by cheering only for Repub failures!
Time 2 Address True Drivers of Health Care CO$T$
Pharecuticals MONOPOLY PRICEING
&
AMA'S Price Fixing RUC & RVS Committees
Legal #Extortion

Kamala, please talk sense to Speaker Rendon. You did your job. You fought. Rendon is taking the easy way out on #SB562. #Kamala2020 #RESIST
Need a Free Market healthcare bill, not another government run ponzu scheme.
It's not a win. McConnell has more money to spread around to buy votes and needs the time to do it, that's all. Keep fighting!
I’m trying to convince @SenatorIsakson to vote against this bill. He did great with the VA, but #AHCA is going to be awful for us, GA too!
Fix it, don't destroy it.
Please form a bi-partisan working group of female senators and show leadership how working together to fix our problems is the way forward.
Exactly, we must continue to resist. #healthcsreidarightnotapriviledge
We will keep resisting and persisting, we can't get comfortable and stop
How about supportive and respectful?
Democrats shouldn't break. How about they all have a work vacation in order to put together a healthcare Bill to counter the wealthcare bill
I hope you're still hosting the human chain! Resist, don't back off!!!
Calling is pointless if they don't empty voicemail!

WE MUST FLOOD THEIR TWITTER ACCTS! @SenateMajLdr & @SpeakerRyan & other Senators!
Mr Mc-Leader wants to try to buy some votes as WH did having lunch! Delay tactics ! Resist to persist
Gooooo Kamala, Gooooo, Gooooo
The Robber Baron Relief Act deserves to die!
Cool.  Now get your team together and write one for universal coverage in the mean time.
Keep fighting the good fight!
Let it pass. My premiums might go from 85 to 450. Worth it short term if it destroys the Republican Party
Just wondering how they would vote if they weren't exempt from this terrible bill.
When will we see a dem version of a proposed revamp to Obamacare, fixing the major flaws?
sounds like ' the people' have been heard-- keep after them Senator!!!!
Champion single payer.
Guys, I'm tired of this - let's do golf and vacation ...

.@RonWyden: GOP will work over the weekend. Don't relent @SenWarren @SenFranken @SenSanders @SenFeinstein @PattyMurray @SenDuckworth #VoteNo
YAY!!!!! YAY!!!! YAY!!!!! Fight the good fight, Kamala!
If the republicans had Balls they would go home and hold some Townhall meetings.
Maybe they need more time for securing bribe money.
@AP They must continue to lack votes!
This gives the Koch Brothers time to buy more senators votes. GOP senators have a meeting at the WH at 4pm...wonder what that could be about
You keep working, ma'am!
Make sure no dems are away, they may pull fast one, catching iff guard
Recess, what recess. U stay until u fix this. Like universal healthcare. It's not that difficult but u need the political will.Gopbeholden2$
Acknowledged; Sen. Kamala Harris of Oakland,California PERSISTENCE, PREVAILS for the PEOPLE;  together TRUTH
Continue to be a drum major for Justice and for the rights of the poor.
Fantastic job, but let's keep the pressure on. Until this bill is withdrawn, Kamala - Slow. The. Senate. Down!
Bin the whole thing! Work together like a democracy is supposed to and draft something this country can be proud of! #bouttime
That said, his bottom lip says Democrats are not interested in working with them/Republicans... very negative.
Also, applying critical thinking, questioning and plain logic, ethics as a citizen. Keep at it Americans.
McConnell has had so much Botox he can only move his bottom lip...
Even his wife wishes he stay overnight working on s/t
Amen! And his civility.
SINGLE PAYER. There is no other option.
So u want to keep the mess we have now and get no coverage.  How about giving the ppl the same health care u have.
I knew this would happen. The entire GOP is out of order! #resist #NOTNORMAL
GOP start saving ur blood money. Hope U don't hv ins wen s/ big health crises arrives
Thank you!
Please stay in their faces
Good work Kamala, congratulations.
Great news for sure...thanku for ur leadership.
Moving the goal post? Classic
Thank you Senator Harris. @Michael36776349
Sekulow must be investigated by Mueller for collusion as well...follow the twisted trail of money.
You need to write a bill proposal of your own. No chance of getting anywhere. But it lets people know where you stand.
Good news indeed Bcoz there will B more timeimprove itensure enough votespass so hellopremiums, more doctorschoose,deductibles
Thank God!
Greet your senators for the break and keep reminding them of our Medicaid and ACA stories.
De javu, just like it happened in the house don't let the pressure off, these snakes will try to slip it in in the middle of the night
The GOP fulcrum keeps getting shorter & shorter, but their squeaking wheel keeps getting greased. People, replace that wheel!
The GOP constantly complains that government doesn't work, then when they control it, they prove it.
Predicting that the official announcement will blame the Democrats for the hold up. Mitch always seems to forget that they have the numbers.
24, 23, 22 million ppl. What number of poor souls McConnell does need to drop to get enough votes to pass?
w/ this delay in vote I hope Dems are putting a solid cohesive fix to ACA ? Cap pricing and remove all healthcare from campaign donations!
Come out for Single Payer Medicare for All, Senator ..
Do not become complacent folks!! #KeepCalling!! #KeepFighting #Resist #BCRAkills #SaveACA
Keep those calls to your senators coming! Attend your town hall meetings.
It's a small victory, something to keep us encouraged whilst we continue to pursue our country's best interests.
Such a shame! Mitch McConnell must learn to cooperate. Wasn't it someone "famous" who said "TOGETHER we can make America great again"?
Is it possible for the American people to sue the government if this bill were to pass?
We will! Thank you for your work!
Definitely dont let up but it's time for Dems to step in with fixes to ACA. Show the public that you have them! Get loud now in Congress!
It was never about #healthcare #healthcare; the @GOP loves #AHCA #AHCA because it's spending & tax cuts.
This death care bill is essentially genocide for the poor&disenfranchised while the rich get richer. This is a vicious attack on American's
Your arrogance is showing. Everyone knows NO democrat will support the bill no matter how many lies you spread. Thank the 4 Conservatives.
@SenateGOP should b delayed indefinitely until it is ready 2 graciously b for the people & not admin/rich/insurers! #trumpcare #livesmatter
Ma'am this just gives them time to bribe, and threaten those that would vote against it.
I wish they hadn't delayed vote. Better to kill off this monster now and be done with it.
We need a breather-two Monsters fighting ea other Good. The Kochs Vs other LOOSERS. Fight fight fight
Prayers answered! Keep praying!!!!
So does this mean they're going back home to their constituents? Let's see how brave our GOP Senators are. Face or Flee? We shall see!
Hooray!!
Republicans don't want to govern. They want to rule.
Please work with @SenSanders to bring #MedicareForAll to reality.  Lives depend on it.
Ha ha republicans don't have faith in their own bill.
Strong work Senator!!!!
Just means McTurtle wants more time to wheel and deal... time to be vigilant #nevergiveup #neversurrender. #resist #voteno
"McTurtle"! Oh my! I love it!
Every morning call my Senator helped
This is good news
We cannot give up or assume it's over!
I called my Rep. Senator twice and I broke into tears both times. 
To his voicemail.
Resist.
Ditto!
Praise the lord and pass the butter
Just wait until the Koch brothers close their wallets and start attack ads, those Repubs will come around  quickly.
Good! Now it's time to give them hell at their town halls
A dog that barks doesn't bite
What are you trying to say?
if GOP incumbents don't get defeated in 2018, they're going to try again
I see and sadly you're right. Also if it doesn't passTrump has already said he'd just let ACA fail rather than fund it. Damned either way
@AP That gives them extra time to make it worse!
@SenToddYoung I will keep calling. #FixACA
But remember, the Democrats will be blamed for this . Even though Republicans control the House & Senate
Agreed. The fight has just begun. Keep turning up the heat. Its working.
Wouldn't want to spoil their holiday, would we?
Does this mean Paul Ryan is in big trouble with daddy trump cuz he didn't fix things before July 4?
Keep it up, Senator, we you!!!
