This health care fight is about putting children, seniors & people w/ disabilities over the greed of the GOP!

END OF STORY
Access to affordable #healthcare is a moral issue. FDR had it right when he said It should be a basic right for all Americans.
Removing corruption, greed, & political manipulation from the industry is the first step to creating an afforadable healthcare system.
Indeed, to create affordable #healthcare we must put an end to this kind of corruption...
Indeed, greed, corruption, & unjust regulatory manipulation are the biggest problems within the medical/pharmaceutical, & insurance industrs
That is why Kamala, you need me in Diane's seat. I have a long history of fighting for the little guy.
LOL says the biggest weasel in any medium
Who, me? Why?
You prank people and then get all mad when they fight back, you're the only person who could make me root for Berry Face
Aw, mungo, no love?
No, no one loves you
Aw, mungo, you hurt my feelings.
Hopefully US politics improve after you finally give up and leave, just like everything else you've been involved in
Question Kamala.  How many more years are Dems going to be fighting (every other month) for ACA before you guys pass Single-Payer?
Let's make sure that our healthcare is protected before we move on to something that the GOP will stand united against.
Thank you health care troll.  I'm sure, as you can see, I really don't care about your opinion.
I voted Bernie in the primaries, and Hillary in the general. I understand the realities of American politics. Not my problem if you don't.
Curious how political 'Realities' are always defined by the right, even when they're the minority party & Ds can play nothing but defense.
I remember when we were supposed to "keep our powder dry" & wait for "public opinion to shift so as not to lose seats" with a supermajority
The party just got blown out of the water offering timid, effete technocracy. Preach more caution in the face of people's fear & suffering
They also bought into the lies that the Republicans told about the ACA, like Sarah Palin's "death panels" lie.
Kamala, you're forgetting that the Republicans are not a moral group.
Like not being able to keep your plan & doctor is so much worse than not having any coverage at all. Trump makes Clinton look like a saint!
So, there's a good chance you'll be one of the 32 million that loses covg under Trump's Wealthcare. Makes sense to me!?!
Obamacare did not become law from an EO. It was passed by Congress...something Trump hasn't even been able to do. Lol!
And for your info, Trump has signed almost twice as many EO's as Obama in his first 200 days! So don't spout off about Obama's EO's!
.@POTUS and most republican congress have SHOWN they have NO morality. None.
Dems screw all of us n you blame GOP? ACA was a huge lie that can't deliver on promises. Period.
In Boxer's place, then why are you slow at reinforcement of the ineffectual ADA, with ERA, needed since the end of the US Civil War?  Go DD!
the @GOP has no morals, none
Ridiculous! Dems forced ACA on us, lied abt it working, couldn't fix it, now blaming GOP. Pathetic!
...all that was wrong with ACA was the bombs placed in the bill by GOP...and GOP fought against public option that would have brought cost
You mean like keeping healthy people up to 26 on parents plan? Like the taxes on medical devices? Like creating a monopoly? All idiotic.
...those things were caused by the refusal of the GOP to allow the inclusion of a public option...which would have brought down the cost...
Don’t blame @GOP for our shitty socialist medicine, it’s ALL on the liberals. Gov’t should NOT be in our health insurance. Prices WILL !
Amen!
It's an issue about humanity and conscience, apparently lacking big time in the GOP.
Humanity and conscience? my GOD the Dem lost both those before the GOP knew what was wrong with the STINKING BUGS that lurk amongst US ..USA
And a basic human issue...dr c
Indeed, dr c!
Give back the $ took from those who are addicts whom used to get disability benefits and covered their med bills   No more cry about medical
@tbrajk you think Graham-Cassidy,which removed funding from Cali,will improve that?  more MRI machines to access? No, more bombs & tax cuts
What about the people you're stealing money from and bankrupting to get the money for your healthcare? Two sides to every equation.
The well-being of the people you mentioned was put into deep jeopardy by ObamaCare. You might check out the statistics once in a while.
99% of the republicans do not have morals. All they won't is to destroy everything that has Obama name on it Look at old Mitch he hate him
Replace obutt care
Love u but this is a life and death issue for millions and many orphans left behind
I AM THAT PRE EXISTING CONDITION 
Your absolutely right, madame.
Sure it is! What this congress and senate wants is a population cleanse it's a political population cleanse
Be sure to thank John McCain for all of us who are grateful for his service to this country #americanhero
I agree and it's why the ACA must be replaced!
#oligarchsneedobamacaremoneyback
From the immoral Queen herself
We are not commodities as the GOP, Big Corps+1% Billionaires like Koch want to treat us= we are human beings
#yougo Senator Harris
"let me live"
Hoping @TheDemocrats are ready 4healthcare fight beating back @GOP who R willing 2kill 30million Americans! #Fight4America
Medicare4All is the only truly equitable and moral solution. We deserve it. The people need it.
Medicaid should NOT cover able-bodied people at the expense of the middle class, which is what Obamacare did.
No this health care fight is about erasing a black president's legacy. Until they undue all that Obama has done they will not be happy.
Agree ... and much more ... like GREED, performing for donors like Koch, etc.
Sen Harris, I agree. My question is what will Caluf do for its residents if the repeal goes through?
Please Stop Him. 
Please Senator Harris. 
#FlashbackFriday
Culling (killing) elderly, sick, poor Americans just so billionaires can have a big tax cut is most def. a moral issue. #deplorable
It's about depriving those folks to give massive tax cuts to corporations and already wealthy folks.
#truth
You are a bigot

Medicare is bankrupt, has yearly documented waste of $60 BILLION a year, raises healthcare costs dramatically, and expands the welfare state https://twitter.com/sensanders/status/909165743345893377 …
Sen. Harris... I hate to break this to you.  @GOP has no morals.  They are beholden to their puppeteer contributors.  Not American people.
And Dems are beholden to who? Same groups. It's why nothing gets done even when it's obvious.
We ALL deserve healthcare #SinglePayer
Ahem? Our Democratic candidate took the Republican position in the last election and disagrees with you.
We're talking about a political party that couldn't spell moral if you gave them the oral.
The healthcare fight is divert attention from Russia
Focus on Graham-Cassidy bill. Keep single-payer discussion off the table. Don't convolute the issue.
The Bill presently sponsored helps states that didn't expand Medicaid under #ACA & hurts others! No help to those w #preexistingconditions
Please keep fighting for us. Thank you for all you do.
Yes... give the power back to the states. Better handled on a local level.
Seniors and disabled are covered under Medicare/Medicaid. Parents are responsible for THEIR children. Government should not be in medical!!!
Counts out the GOP.
Health care is a right, not a privilege.
If Healthcare is supposed to help the old and young alike why the hell did Obama put it through where  politicians r empowered #followme #me
For you and me it is indeed a moral issue.  For Republicans it is an issue of cost cutting in order to have bigger tax cuts.
For Republicans its now about reovery from the issues that Obamcare has caused,not to have tax cuts. Tax cuts happen when the bills ARE PAID
I can't support Bernie's health care plan because it doesn't work budget wise. Dems like me don't support Bernie, but vote is elections.
Shout from the roof tops
"Moral"? Can you name 5 ppl in fed legis. notable for ---> moral backbone???
Tick tock...
not an argument, dear. It is nothing more than an emotional appeal, cynically deployed.
If President Obama was white, the Republicans would be trying to fix the Affordable Care Act instead of trying to repeal and replace it.
If you were smart you'd see that this is the DUMBEST comment on the internet. You can't "fix" a dead dog & this animal is in rigamortis!
Guess you didn't get it. The implication is that the Republicans are racists and that is the main reason they're trying to repeal the ACA.
Morals? You haven't given one damn care about those like me who can't afford ACA and get fined for not having it.
So you support single payer, Kamala?
Funny how the GOP always talk about leaving something for their kids but work hard as hell doing the opposite
Californians: your help is needed. Use this tool to help connect red state constituents w/ their Republican Senators.
57 years old and I've never had health insurance. GOP says they want to take it away. I never had it!I'm the guy that falls in the cracks.
Fix it Al Franken, Kamala Harris!
This is about every day people with no health care!
Go get them to stop this insanity. Talk them into Saturday, if you have to.
I'm one of those persons with disabilities. Thank you for fighting for us. Please get some rest before next wknd.I'll be on thecalling GOPs
Strange how stem cell research suddenly mattered after President Ronald Reagan was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease.
Yep Nancy was fierce about promoting it IIRC
Republikkkans have zero morals

It is about how we care for our most vulnerable and it says who we are
V O T E N O !
Then why didn't you support single payer 6 months ago?
Not it is not.  It is about Democrat egos and the fact your ilk passed a terrible law we are gojng to repeal soon
They fell in rank for a unsustainable law & didn't care.
@GOP has No Morality.!  This isn't about Health Care it's about Taking from the Poor and Working Class for America's disgusting Billionaires
It's about people living OR dying. I think it's both. Bet we could come up with some others also.  Thx.
Unfortunately the GOP has no morality.  They just want to suck the teats of the Koch brothers.  They're only in it for the money
Hellooo: Seniors are on Medicare-not ACA-the same program you want to steal from to fund insurance for all the illegals you are admitting.
This Twitter acct of yours is a propaganda machine. There r real people out here who can't afford anything offered by ACA. How r u helping?
And an issue that we've spoken out about twice so far this year. Would be great if @GOP would cut the crap and actually do their jobs!
Sure ....after they finish the jobs of those who just left office, ten they might be able to get to the plan twas put off since GOP tookover
You have no morals.
We as a society (esp repubs), do not value children, the disabled, and the elderly.
It's always been a moral issue. But Senators who are voting yes have admitted they're doing so for political reasons. Heartbreakingly awful.
You co-sponsored Sanders' #MedicareForAll bill. Political stunt or real? Progressives are watching.
I wish i knew the ppl you talk about. Do they all get 00bama care for free??    I pay $632 a month are these Guys paying that ?  No 
  Yes
Right it is immoral to take from producer's families to subsidize criminals and people who game the system.
WE KNOW ITS A MORAL ISSUE AND
 A HOPELESS CAUSE SINCE THE WORLD IS UNDER TRUMPS THUMB.
America was WRONG to ever think govt can run healthcare the right way, look at the crime against our vets & its still a mess! Quit playing
My child = everyone's child.  GOP & Trump wants a political victory over preservation of human life. #Criminal #Healthcare #ACA
@InSpiteOfTrump and veterans!
#VoteNo on #GrahamCassidy !
Thank you @VP Yes, Americans are suffering from the epic failed of OCare!  Must repeal and replace Ocare ASAP!  #MAGA
But our Congress is amoral.
Then get rid of Ocare its disgusting
It's about the other 98%, I.e., nearly everyone.
Also an economic issue. Mental illness is correlated to homelessness. Workers need coverage to remain in workforce.
It also should be about lowering premiums and better coverage. Congress having same coverage as most Americans. Fed. Gov. out of Health Care
Problem is the @GOP have no morals..
No it's really just about tax cuts for the rich....It is all money and politics.
Seniors and people with disabilities are covered under Medicare
You have to be terminally ill to get Medicare. Lots of people with cancer can get treatment to not be terminally ill if they have healthcare
Its a financial transaction for Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell. Its that simple. A tax cut. The are not poor, mil veterans, disabled etc.
Republicans sold the few morals they had long ago.
No, it's about the corruption of our political system. This is not about different world views, it's about who has power.
No it's about controlling the money that's all you politicians care about money/ power
Run out the clock!!
No.  This is a "vote for me"! Issue!
This is a fight of values. What do we, as a country value more? Is it the Public Welfare (well-being) of our populace or cold hard ca$h?
They are saying it has to get done because of political promises!  Putting people's lives in jeopardy because of "political promises"???????
And to allow @SenSanders @amyklobuchar to play roulette with peoples lives in a debate is beyond stupid.
We need our Senators to work on a bipartisan healthcare bill!
Good luck with that. There's no political capital in working bipartisan. It's a death sentence on both sides sadly.
It's the only way our country works. We have been out of step for too long.
Yes it is! I'm disabled and this is literally life or death for me. Republicans have no soul. This proposal is a crime against humanity...
This is about GREED! The billionaires that fund and own the #GOP congress would get $billions tax cut in this bill, 30 million lose coverage
And WOMEN. GRAHAM/CASSIDY HURTS WOMEN.
Get Senators to meet those that will be affected.
Do you know the difference between HEALTH-CARE, & HEALTH care INSURANCE ?
Repeal initiated for tax breaks for the 1%.
You're either stupid or a liar. It's 100% politics. I believe you know that, so...liar.
That's why we have to kill Obamacare. It's a   disease.
Moral issue? Like murdering unborn babies, sodomy, taxing your #CA citizens to death for illegals and you dare to bring up morals? 
What good is Obamacare if we can't afford to use it? The only thing I have to show for it is bills I can't afford. Please spare the lecture
yes it is a moral issue not a stock option
Funny, I thought it was about all Americans. Stop splitting us up & placing us into demographical bins to suit your political means.
They are pushing this healthcare down our throats solely for political reasons. GOP is NOT for the people. Vote them out!
....said the lady who has premium healthcare paid for by the people.
The #GOP & @VP seem to believe workers should have extraordinary circumstances 2go to the doctor! No, maintaining wellness is essential too.
The CNN debate on Mon should be G-C vs. ACA not M4A. @ChrisMurphyCT should be part of dem team
It is significant that the most vulnerable among us will suffer the most, but your standard well Walmart employee is important too.
NO!!!!!!!  its about DemocRats trying to CONTROL The Population of America!
No Solutions - Just Resisting and bitching!!!   Useless
Please read this. She needs help. https://www.facebook.com/NancyPelosi/posts/10155998449794384 …
-Even with "universal health care" here in Canada,the system is finding it difficult to meet the challenges of children,seniors+disabled
Because it's never met. There's always a need. That's the fallacy.
Yeah...NO.  Will change existing paradigm for all carriers and so, impact 90% of us over time!
@AngelinaSnow007 It's about people who want/need access to healthcare - which means everyone!#notrumpcare #noGrahamCassidy
Without Hill oversight, #CassidyGraham  is confederate health care. Sen Cassidy is saying I are is failed. He states docs don't want change?
Do our current Republicans, excluding McCain, Collins, Etc 
Know what 'morals' are or what they mean to a healthy society?
They chase evil $
Why is ED covered but I'd go bankrupt caring for my mom who has severe dementia?
As a disabled American with a chronic illness I'm extremely nervous to put it mildly.
Are you kidding? Like MediCal? Only 50% providers take MediCal ins in California. Reimbursement rates are below actual cost of care.
Like my son. LIke me. Removal of employer mandates will leave me uninsurable, with 13 meds, and so I'm thinking likely dead
Yes. We all agree. But all gop wants is enough money to do tax breaks for their base so they can be re elected. Morality is inconsequential
Actually it's about who is going to pay for it, instead it should be about making costs cheaper.
Exactly what I keep saying @RepMarthaRoby @lutherstrange @SenShelby
So seizing my money and my freedom are a moral issue?  That is unfortunate.
No, you are unfortunate.
I wouldn't bet the house on that.
Thanks for the advice, champ, but, you spend your time attacking windmills. That is about as unfortunate a life as one can have.
Windmills?  How funny.  History and the majority of free loving ppl are on my side.
You are don quixote, making monsters out of nothing.
Perhaps; or maybe u just don't recognize the monsters until it is too late.
So tell us in this big fight there are 23 million without Obamacare? Has nothing to do with Trump at this point. This is before he took WH
The health care bill should be 4 all Americans
It is a human issue...which proves just how inhuman the gop can be!!!!
only two R's in the senate have any morals. We'll see if McCain will be on the right side of history or back his buddy Graham and Koch Bros?
~ People who harm others, have a "cast iron nerve" to walk this earth "without a conscience" and they are a "disgrace to humanity". ~
Thank you Sen. Harris, this Californian is proud to have you looking after us citizens.  It really IS a moral issue.
Seems all of the issues that are important to you are "moral" issues.... as a-political as they come ...eh ...not buying it for a minute...
It's about the well being of HUMANS. #Medicare4All
Alright- MTP talking California - YOU are on the move up there - good work
If it's truly a moral issue, we're in big trouble because it often seems like Congress, except for some, is devoid of a moral compass.
You're a flipping liar! No sick US child has been denied treatment. This is defamation against all Medical Professionals @AmerMedicalAssn
Graham-Cassidy a big fat Byrd Rule violation.
Voting is a moral issue. Vote R, and you have Zero morals.
Preaching to the choir here. So many that this should matter to are blind to this simple fact. How do you reeducate them about morals?
They need 60 after sept 30. They only want the "win" and not to make a good plan.
GOP is only wanting to pass this by sept 30 because that's the dead line. They need 60 after Sept 30. It's a trash plan and huts many.Right?
Yeah but the only problem is we have no one in this administration that has morals
Stop yelling FIRE! You're tactics of trying to scare folks isn't working. And your theory of "free shit for everyone" isn't either.
Yeah, so's War.
Repugs have no morals or heart!Tax breaks 4 rich most important!=More Campaign Funds!All do care about!$&Greed &Gluttony is their God!
#saveACA
The current administration doesn't seem to be ethical or moral in decision making.
You are my Abe Lincoln- keep fighting for what is right " for all" not just the rich
Called @SenSusanCollins @SenJohnMcCain @lisamurkowski @SenCapito begging them for #VoteNOGrahamCassidy Make your calls #KillTheBillThatKills
Agree. I have a physical disability and I'm also currently fighting stage IV cancer. Placing a cap on my Medicare/Medicaid would kill me.
Thank you for being there for me Kamala!
Abortion is not part of this statement, which is something you fervently support. That's you supporting ~1.3 million deaths per year.
It should also be about gathering correct info. Ask the ins CEOs why costs are rising!
Unfortunately the Republicans have NO MORALS!
I finally come to the conclusion the republican hate people. They don't have to worry about health care.
It is a moral issue.  Which explains why most Republicans are on the wrong side of this.  IMO They, like the President, are morally bankrupt
This fight is abt each of us & all of us. Who we are as a society. Every single American now benefits from #Obamacare. Dems must shout this!
Wrong. Can't afford it and get fined for not having it.
Yes, to the average person, but to people wanting to be re elected. Take away their gov't. med. Ins. and see what happens.
I think you lost all the GOPers right after "moral", senator.
GOP has made it a political issue. They need to please the hands that feed them, not the avg American people whom they supposedly serve
Actually since Obamacare the reimbursement rates are higher for the new able bodied they added many states have kicked out vulnerable
Looks like the other party doesn't care.
It's most a costly issueEnoughw/:
premiums
deductibles
costs
longer wait time 2 B seen by Doc
services provided
REPEAL ASAP
