Can we also mock them for being afraid of their pimps, the Koch bros?
I would day YES! I think they definitely need to hear more about it !!! We know what's going on!!!
I am doing all I can, calling my senators etc. I am not sure I can beat the Koch brothers incentive to republicans:
I feel the same.  Powerless against the Kochs and Mercers.  How can we stop them?
Use common sense, and realize that ACA is failing!
Done
I really wanted 2 participate in your last petition, but found i was unable unless i made a donation. Was unable then, & now. So sorry.
I find they all ask for $$ I just skip that part being on a fixed income I only cont.2 1 group that deals with vote hack.
I don't begrudge them askin 4 $, but blocking my voice if i can't give $ pisses me off a bit. I get by, tho barely. Can seldom donate...
...the little i can donate goes 2 Red Cross, or women & children shelters....
What about Bob?
So y don't u and the Dems join them to improve it? The current system can't b sustained.
Stop what? Repeal a plan that you force on citizens while you pay 73% less for better coverage? You and your sheep are morons! We see you
The Koch Brothers promise of $400 M to the GOP re-election campaigns, in return for them repealing ACA now=>is attempted BRIBERY! CRIMINAL
What is there ultimate agenda and how do our "representatives" condone it?
If the Koch bros think things are that bad, they should get off their pampered elderly asses and run for office.
You sucked wild peach nuts when Graham backed Bob Mueller for special prostie, when you all know Mueller trashed FBI on AQ so 911 occurred.
Jimmy Kimmel Show 9/19 On Graham/Cassidy's Health Care Bill.
Jimmy Kimmel on Bill Cassidy’s Health “Care” Bill: http://youtu.be/cOlibbx5sx0 
Time to get rid of the FAILING ACA!
Their phones are off the hook.  Busy signals all day long.
Go on local news. Not everyone has Twitter or Facebook
Obamacare is nothing but a money grab at the people's expense and misfortune. Perpetrated by the self seeking and criminal amongst congress
Proposing an amendment legalizing physician assisted suicide for those who can't pay or get insurance. Whose compassionate now?
Shame on you  @sengraham2016 SenGrahaBe a voice for the little children, the elderly, the poor #SaveACA it's obvious #TRumpDontCare
I have.  They arent listening. I even wrote Lindsey and told him his bill will kill me. They don't care. They believe their own lies on ACA
They don't really. They believe in $$, the Koch's $$
In addition to your senators, speak to their Health Legislative Assistants too! We must go the extra mile to save #ACA!  @benwikler
We must stop this bill, the GOP will murder millions of innocent people.

Truth is, the real terrorist to amer.is the #GOP they do it not with guns or trucks! But with pen& paper

If you too are disappointed in Sen @BillCassidy #GrahamCassidy let them know it - call (202) 224-3121 
Can't rest or give up please call your respective Senators.       https://www.senate.gov/general/contact_information/senators_cfm.cfm …
I'm doing all I can ~ have you seen this latest bombshell:
Here's a #GrahamCassidyِ tidbit which has fallen under the radar... @ASlavitt @TopherSpiro @benwikler @neeratanden
http://acasignups.net/17/09/19/important-graham-cassidy-abortion-catch-22-especially-ca … 
He's splintered the DNC and has you fighting on too many fronts and your message is saturated noise now. Brilliant!
Lindsey, WTF?
1024 new GOP legislators 34 GOP Governors control of House Senate Presidency & Supreme Court & largest GOP majority in 100 yrs
I called John McCain's office this morning and left a "poignant" message.
Done
How about you lawmakers start ?
We've done it over and over and they still won't stop. They like the Terminators of health care....
Even Clinton said Obamacare sucked. Do your jobs and fix it
I made my calls and Tweet each Rep many times a day -we need to show #TheResistanceIsStrong
Lindsay-grab your hoop skirt and get outta town! You're not wanted here!
Why did Dem's jump gun & push single payer? You gave republicans rallying cry.  Huge mistake I hope w don't pay for
Stop the healthcare vote fix Obamacare it works for many people.
This bill is pure evil
Obamacare's a disaster.  Why would you want to keep it?
Elections have consequences we don't want ur commie socialist healthcare + it will never happen your coordinated attack is coming to an end
Make your calls.
We're calling every day. PROTEST IN DENVER FRIDAY. SKYLINE park. 11::
Repeal & fix
What is your alternative health plan Obamacare is going to crash and burn!

GOP has their marching orders from big donars - cut taxes or else. Tax cut requires savings from healthcare. They do not give a shit.
Plus they want big tax cuts! The bigger the better!
They know the people's mind.
This one is worse.
They don't care.
They want that Koch brothers cash.
They won't stop. They are too greedy
Done. 
But I don't think @senmarcorubio cares about the people of #FL. He's kissing up to the man who calls him "little Marco." #SaveACA
URGENT @BillCassidy and @LindseyGraham Want to take healthcare away from 32 mollion people. Kids, Elders, Everyone. Call your Senator here 
This is what we're up against:
Sen. Barrasso R-Wy. couldn't tell Katy Tur that Graham Cassidy wouldn't make insurance premiums unaffordable, I guess that's "yes they will"
Stand your Ground !
This is just plain viciousness!
Welp.
Done
My representatives are democrates, what else can I do
Let's all stop calling it Obamacare, call it ACA.
No.

Republicans new healthcare plan!

He says pretty words but votes for dispicable GOP healthplans every time ! 
NOW he helped write the WORSE ONE YET
@LindseyGrahamSC please stop my life is in danger with your bill mine and millions of others will be on your head

Why don't they stop it. I pray that God will not allow this to happen.
There is no guide on protest. Just articles that has info of what is already known.
and republicans, don't vote for it just because your friend help write it...listening McCain?
We need to ask you to stop before you lead California to total ruin.

This tweet did NOT age well.... https://twitter.com/SenKamalaHarris/status/843900117199523840 …
I am asking my Senator why you Voted in favor of the egregious Defense Authorization Bill? I am gravely disappointed in this Vote. Peace Now
Perhaps @KamalaHarris would like to continue failed disaster of ocare? Low dopamine libs are deplorable
Let them its political suicide, if you want a sweep this is a good opportunity
People will die. We have to do everything possible to stop this outrage.
I hope people are paying attention. So much going on with the world. I believe that they are going to pass this death trap. They don't care.
You are a very sad Woman. Go meet up with HRC. I'm sure she can use a partner to walk in the woods with.
Are gov officials required to be on this plan? If not, vote NO!
The only thing that will stop them is if we all come up with $400 million + $1 dollars. We have to out bid the Koch brothers.
So you want millions to lose their HI because they CAN"T afford it.  I'm now paying $18,000 for me and wife for shitty insurance.  Thanks
We SEE YOU CLEARLY LINDSAY
+you don't stand w/avg Americans
your words mean nothing now
This is your bill+your votes before were against us
#SaveACA
Thank you.  It was easy, I just called 202 224 3121 and gave the d.c. operator my zip.  Got right through!
I wish I had 500M dollars...I'd give it to the GOP if they would all crawl back into their hell pits
They're unchecked criminals and soulless daemons. no healthcare for you...lower middle class and poor (the most vulnerable)
I'll keep doing it!
We must protect healthcare at all costs. Especially with a president intent on blowing up a country.
I did!!
group of angry white men taking healthcare from millions while 2 fat cat Trump lawyers eat steak--this is so SICK
Sen plotting 2 take your HC 
https://twitter.com/topherspiro/status/909771675943792640 … …
   
I'm telling everyone to vote "yes" for Graham-Cassidy bill.  States will do better managing healthcare than Obamacare.
They will not listen and respond only in righteous sounding rhetoric and that just talks in illogical circles.
We need to make it a law that all hi ranking govt employees have @ least 5 yrs prior wk in public service and community bldg volunteer work
Everyone I know has been calling, texting, faxing. What else can we do?? I RT EVERY tweet I get from you and everyone else. What else??
How about you vote to stop military spending? Somewhere to the tune of $700bn.
Derailing the conversation is productive  we should hold her accountable/not spend 700bn but we should also stop this bill from happening.
done ;–)
Thanks for all you do!
I've called my congressmen.
They are wearing me down for sure, but I have told my Senators (both GOP) and they will, once again, ignore me.
Then you deny your congressional healthcare and use what you want to give us. See if you like it
The increase you just voted for in the military could have saved thousands of lives.  I'm confused. 
Stop #BernieSanders and #Republicans from trying to erase #PresidentObama's legacy.
He has no intention of stopping, Ms. Harris. You need to find ways other than asking politely - to end this shit show.
Of course don't want Republicans to Repeal & Replace-would mean political death for dems in 2018.  But better them than Rino's in 2018.
TRUTH, @SenKamalaHarris, 3:27pm. Tweet (notification) @SenSherrodBrown, your Attn: Broaden the TRUTH , ,I'm letting you know
4:30pm @CSPAN 2 U.S. Senate @SenKamalaHarris
5:00pm @CSPAN 2 U.S. Senate, Sen. John Kennedy of Louisiana , speaking  on floor, Tax Policy
.

Lol

Stop what giving something more than ObamaCare

You @dnc own it fix it 

Go back to the criminal party

We vote you home soon

.
#SaveACA
(202) 224-3121
RESIST to 50409
Repeal the Health Maintenance Organization Act of 1973, which allowed  for-profit health care.
we tried that back when the dems did the same thing behind the same closed doors we need Real health care the same care as you get
We have Rand Paul and likely Collins and Murkowski. Bill should be dead.
#SaveACA
(202) 224-3121
RESIST to 50409
The new @GOP Healthcare bill sounds like tragic news from your Doctor : "I'm sorry ma'am, your child has Cassidy-Graham syndrome"
