Welcome Senator. It's all downhill from here. Best wishes on your win, please represent your constituents with great care.
Please keep the pressure on the investigations into Trump's connections to Russia. Tnx.
Nice cheapshot. Ms Harris. I "hope" you're not a victim of any crime..
USPS & elections office denial of service for postal delivery +voter registration in Trinity left message on ur voice mail
by people do you mean citizens or the illegals?
thank you. Stay strong... this is a bumpy storm. But you've got this.
Cool push for the investigation of Trump connections with Russians.
2. @SenKamalaHarris #Case16907 asks for #revote as remedy to void Putin-tainted election. (Or declare honest campaign wins: HRC = POTUS.)
@KgKathryn @SenKamalaHarris #TheResistance it is coming impeachment
TOTALLY AGREE 
Please push for an independent inquiry on the Trump/Flynn/Russian debacle. He must have known. Very shady.
while we are at it let's look into Obama/Hillary/Benghazi/IRS/Uranium One/ etc. Etc.
please stop voting for Trump's cabinet picks.  Please block any SCOTUS pick,  as well.

If only someone had warned us.

 
hindsight!  For the record I'm still with @HillaryClinton
as much as  she would have been a good president. Her health is on steady decline
and he is so healthy?  He's not even a normal color.
.she doesn't work for the ppl of Califorina check out our quality if life last state Califorina. Only thing she is doing is try to get her name out their by hating instead of working together its one world agebda
Thank you for yr work so far, Senator. @SenKamalaHarris Stay strong.
you don't speak for me! Keep doing nothing just like your predecessor @BarbaraBoxer
Please don't back down on ICE issues and Russian collusion! Thank you for your hard work on our behalf!
Thanks for being here!
Would love to work on your future Presidential campaign someday.
Presidential Tax Transparency Act. We must know if Trump as financial ties to Russia.
I dont give a flip about his taxes and i voted for him.IDC
PLEASE get an independent investigation re:Trump and the Russian fix of our election. He should not be in office!!
Congrats. Please 1) press for broad investigation into Russian interference and 2) push for impeachment of @POTUS. PLEASE.
.@SenKamalaHarris any way to delay vote on Pruitt until emails are available for examination?
Looking forward to getting to know you better.
Please reject David Friedman's nomination as ambassador to Israel. He will definitely stop any peace efforts.
congrats Kamala! Good luck
Welcome to Twitter Kamala. It's a beautiful windy day in Copenhagen today. Join me for breakfast here someday. My treat xxx
awesome! First order of business, how do we exile Trump to Mars. Second, do you like pineapple on your pizza?...
So proud to call you a California Senator. Great work! Please never stop!
. I hope you're not just a puppet for Elizabeth Warren. Make your mark by being realistic and flexible.
welcome and thank you! Go get 'em!
Thank your for your service to all Californians.
knew you were a good one, but the Tuolumne photo proves it beyond a doubt.
glad to have you in the Senate. Voting = Power.
Best to you, Senator. Fan in Missouri with daughter in CPS in San Diego.
Make CA/USA proud, Senator!!!
Congrats
Welcome to Twitter. Lead the way #resistance
We the people expect you to push for  complete investigation into Russia's involvement with Trump and his business/election
Although I am in Red Arizona (ugh) I look forward to your Tweets! #StandStrong
Welcome and... beware... and don't let the twits get you down.
So glad to have your voice in the Senate!
VFW CA will be in  DC at the end of the month hope to see you
Will you attack the press and so called enemies as well? Seems to be a popular thing to do ;)
continue the great work for the state of California....on the national level.  Congrats on your recent victory
The people of America will not tire, we will not give-in. We will not be deceived by  foreign leaders, or our own!.........
welcome Senator!! I hope you are ready and willing to fight to protect the Constitution
welcome to the world of tweeting! Keep up the fight !
what an honor. Best wishes 
Welcome! We need more intelligent views on this state of chaos.
welco.e from a fellow calif democrat! Go make history!
don't let Trump get in your way. Stay strong and stand tall and rep the people of this awesome state!
Welcome Sen. Harris! How can we help?
@kamrananwar1973  As a senator you represent all of us. You are simply elected by California.   Do not forget that.
let it rip.  you were awesome at the DC march!
YASSSSSS!!! Be the voice that we need. #persist
excellent. Looking forward to the updates. Thanks.
, Exited to hear .
Welcome  to a blue bird.
We desperately need your help- You are most welcome
, Am humbled to meet you Hon Sen , I was buried from delivering today . They have blocked me from going back to deliver .
, @VP
, Hon Vice president, I have been blocked to deliver and am engaged in family cases
, Am with district officials btas efforts to see if they will be settled with me or they will stay over here@HouseFloor
thank you for your service!
Welcome.
We the people are going to remove politicians like Warren&you from ruining this country. Give California to Mexico
you're doing such a tremendous job out there! Proud to have elected you at a time when we need strong women to fight!
Good morng
thank you!  good job so far. please push for an independent investigation of the ties to Russia
welcome so happy you are one of the great women representing in Washington looking forward to the work you will be doing
so proud of you. You are great!
Hi  TY for being the voice for many! Please help put the backbone in the spines of the dems & Repubs who lost their way!
Welcome! I just got on Twitter a month or so ago. I'm persisting at resisting! Thank you for your service to our nation.
Best of luck! I'm sure Sen Warren will advise you on dealing with trolls. Remember, people, in general, are stupid.
so proud to have you represent me and my family in Washington DC!
Hello!  Thank you so much for using your platform to give voices to the voiceless.  So proud to have voted for you. 
yay! CONGRATS TO YOU AND CALIFORNIA getting a progressive.
We need an independent investigation of the Trump administration. No Jeff Sessions,no Mitch McConnell,no Paul Ryan etc
as a constituent, looking forward to standing with you and #RESIST!
Welcome! CA is in good hands.
hello and congrats on Sen position.  God 1st and build with equality. 
I will help you all I can, Senator!  @SenKamalaHarris
I will help you all I can, Senator!  @SenKamalaHarris
I will help you all I can, Senator!  @SenKamalaHarris

Congratulations on your election Senator!  Please stop the WH occupant!
Welcome! and thank you!
and we will be there to follow.
Congratulations, you took over the seat previously filled by the dumbest person in Washington. You have big shoes to fill.
Hello from Elmo! Elmo follow you, OK? Elmo thinks you nicer than Angry Orange @POTUS Puppet.
Awesome!  Keep up the great work, Kamala.  @vancouverboomer
NCA resident here. 
Absolutely NO SCOTUS VOTE! Push for ethics and treason investigations into Russian dealings!! #Resist
Supporter and proud Californian. #RESIST
Welcome, and thank you @SenKamalaHarris
Can you team up with @TulsiPress  to stop the government from arming terrorists? PLEASE
Alabama is following you too.
WELCOME to twitter.
Best wishes to you, Senator Harris. Go get 'em!
i am a proud Californian, thank you for your work! Please push for continuing investigation into trump's ties with Russia.
welcome!
Arkansan following you.
welcome ,
especially with all Russian affairs, leaks, etc
We need an independent n impartial investigation into all Trump. Please push for it. Thank you.
Welcome to Twitter! I'm new at this too, had to to learn about the fight. Lock Him Up!
Thank you for the amazing job you are doing in D.C. California is so proud of the impact you are making.
I'm excited to see what you will do, Senator! #staystrong
@AustinRozzell @latimes Please Ms. Harris, to work on behalf of CA, work for the whole country and defeat the #demagogue
welcome looking forward to your posts
Thank you for joining twitter. Be a good rep and ignore the haters.
Welcome
you make me want to move to CA!
welcome to twitter!
Welcome! Looking forward to your posts!
Please ensure the Senate Intelligence Comm. appoints independent party to investigate Russian influence in our  democracy.
Hi Kamala!
thank you for keeping us current!
.@SenKamalaHarris Chaffetz & Sessions are involved w/Russian hacking. Please read:
Thank you, @SenKamalaHarris! And thank you for insisting on an independent investigation of Trump/Russia/Pence/ McConnell.
i expect you to kick as much ass in DC as you did in California. You got this.
make us proud, Independent inquiry is the key!
Thanks for your service.  Lynne @ 93927!
Beautiful, thank you! Please demand an independent investigation into Trump, his associates, and family, re: Russian ties.
We are counting on you, Senator. Please don't let us down!
The only way to get to bottom of Russia's involvement is Full Audit and forensics of all 16 Intell agencies.
Full Audit on all 16 Intelligence Agencies, independent review into Corporate PsyOps as well as involvement by Israel
So Glad to See you in Action Senator. Please stop @POTUS for all his Illogical actions and rants.
keep up the great work. Proud to live in CA and glad to have you represent us. #imwithher
you go
best wishes!
Welcome!
Welcome, Sen. Harris. I look forward to reading ur messages and glad ur friends with Sen.Warren. You are in great company.
yay! Congratulations & please save The United States from a Russian takeover. Thank you.
Welcome and please keep doing what you are doing - used to live in CA and love that you are rocking it! @SenKamalaHarris
#impeachtrump #lockhimup. Block Gorsuch
good luck
@StacyeBranche hello
So Glad You Are In Washington Representing Us!
@ja__malone Where's the Trump impeachment!
Go SenKHarris. You're doing us proud. Take of yourself and keep it up!
Please help us make America as great as it was before Trump messed everything up!
Any friend of Elizabeth Warren is a friend of mine. 
Hope you ready to work! Now do your job and #Resist
welcome!
please press for Trump Taxes and an independent investigation into Trump/Russia. #resist
FIRST JOB: RESIST the orange man baby. Please and thank you.
thank you for your service 
Thought you were terrific at the Woman's March. Glad you're in the Senate!
Welcome! Join the good fight here on Twitter for transparency in government :)
#resist
Welcome!!! Thank you for fighting for us!!!
thank you.
hi from Mammoth Lakes, CA - glad to have you on board looking out for Californians
Already following you from Florida.
Welcome! And by all means please fight for a Trump/Flynn Russia investigation. Trump keeps distracting so something there
Will you actually do your job as a Senator. You failed to do so as CA AG and as a result we've got another Goldman Sachs >
crook as Treasury Secretary.
Thank you! I voted for you and am behind you!
keep going! So far, so good. #resist
Wwo How Exciting. NOT At All. Perhaps You belong in La La Land tweeting. Cory is your first Error He is irrelevant
Thank you for standing strong for progressive Californians!!  From a voter in San Diego!
I'm a constituent from 94005.I wish express my deep opposition to the confirmation of Scott Pruitt to lead EPA Vote NO!
.@SenKamalaHarris Happy to follow you here! Thank you for all you have been doing. Proud to have voted for you.
Thank you for being a voice for us. Proud to have you as my senator.
Welcome!
Been hearing some great things about u n ur work! Thank u!
please push the investigation into Flynn.
hello Senator!
hello there
welcome 
Welcome!!
I've been on since the election. Frump tweets constantly so it's a good place to watch....err mock him. Thx for your work.
I live in PA but I have family in CA...Kick some ass Senator Harris Kick some Ass TY
looking forward to it.
Loved your speech @womensmarch. Thank you for being our voice in the Senate. 
Welcome!  I can't wait to see the great works you are continuing to do on behalf of the American people.
thanks for all you do!
Welcome to #TheResistance !!!
