e.r visit, x-ray, meds guess how much it all cost me a big fat zero nothing love my heath care in Canada hope u guys get the same soon.
It took us 3 years to pay off my newborn's MRI. Our last ER visit was $1k and we have excellent healthcare. I must admit jealousy!
thats crazy no wonder so many people are afraid to go to the er or see dr's
Yeah, we tend to save it for the ultimate last resort. And god help us if we need an ambulance ride too! Another $600+ down the drain
But I try not to complain too much. We're lucky to have good insurance. After college, I had my appendix out without it.. $65k later!
ambulance ride is about 4-500 out of pocket.  If you are paying 6 with insurance your plan may not be the best.Calling bs on your $ comments
"Best" plan is relative. Mine is better than most I know, so I consider it good. Happy for you that u can pay 4-5 for ambulance!
we have to pay for ambulance rides but it cost us $75.
Not a right, you are wrong.
I hope that we agree that we are both entitled to our own opinion.
If directed at me, of course!
I work in healthcare in pediatric dept and I feel that all children, at least, have the right to health care.
Not arguing against healthcare being a Very Good Thing, but when it becomes a "right", the only way that right can be secured is by coercion
I'm not sure that I understand what you mean. Please explain.
Put simply, free healthcare is not free. To guarantee free healthcare for 320M Americans would carry an astronomical price tag.
Believe me, I know it's pie in the sky at this point, but in a perfect world....
There's one reason to support paying more & getting less.  
Glad you'll be supporting #SB562 and Bernie's #MedicareForAll bill now!
Yeah guess who's on top doing the best countries with UHC holy shit what is so hard for people to get
Exactly!
Glad someone agrees
I say if your Senator votes against it then you do not get any government health care benefits .. let votes count for something
Yes yes yes we need and must have health care.
Unfortunately its only a right in the case of governmwnt over reach, healthcare should be socialized to individual communities.
I'll say that healthcare is a critical component of a responsible and moral society.
This can't be the best liberals have for 2020
"Well, duh." - Canada
Health care is certainly not a right.
Yep.  Making slaves of doctors and nurses for truly FREE healthcare, is hardly constitutional.  We’ve already forced far too many doctors out of the market with government-imposed Medicare reimbursement rates, hence the litany of nurse practitioners.
Doctors and nurses are not made slaves by universal healthcare. They are still paid, it’s just that they are paid by the tax payers instead of the individual who needs the medical service. Also, there is nothing in the constitution stating that universal healthcare is unlawful.
Wrong.  Doctors who accept Medicare get paid based on what the government believes they deserve, not what they actually bill.  That’s called reimbursement rates.  Government has no right to do that, and it has already driven many doctors out of the market.
I agree, but they are still paid either way. Does not make them slaves.
I suppose that depends on your definition of slavery.  Even American slaves were compensated with lousy food and shelter.  Why should government decide what a doctor’s fees should be?  And if healthcare were truly free, they’d have to work for free.  Universal is not free.
I suppose you are correct about it depending on the definition of slavery. However, there really is no such thing as ‘free’ healthcare even as a concept. Universal healthcare relies on taxpayers for funding and generally speaking; there is no direct cost to the consumer.
can y’all take me out of the @ lmao
Health care is a product. No need to RT, will not change that fact.
Not a right, but smart societies pool their risk, leave nobody behind, and administer the insurance publicly with monopsony purchasing
I LOVE YOU!
@BernieSanders Umm does it say that in the constitution must hav missed it I should reread when I hav time n not workin
just sick n tired of hearing how it's a right from people who pay nothing for it blah blah
So a child, a pensioner, unemployed they can all go die?..sorry the US system is cruel and out of the dark ages..you can keep it
again people makin the laws exempt themselves from the crappy coverage but there workin 4 u
So...vote to change it...vote for those who will bring in a civilised system..but somehow you voted ( or got) Trump..
haha that's funny who nitwit Ryan fraud Bernie u actually think it's going change
Well laughing and pointing ain't going to fix it...so? what are you going to do?....Google Aneurin Bevan and see what he did
Nope. It's not a "right". Not specifically written as such anywhere. But it could and should be available to all thru a Single Payer system
the 'Bill of Rights' was not exclusive, the founders were weary of that misconception. Look more to the 'General Welfare' of the people part
Kamala - you rock
rocks on cheating the indigent and poor out of fair trials, too
http://www.sfgate.com/bayarea/article/Judge-rips-Harris-office-for-hiding-problems-3263797.php …
also allowed KNOWINGLY, falsified confessions
Imagine if all Americans were healthier.
Yeah, just like food, water, sewage and housing. All of which I pay for out of my wages based on MARKET PRICES. Get Govt out of the sector.
Food yes, Water & Sewage? really you got your own or do you use public utilities? How about Roads? Fire? Police? or do you not use them?
Go read some economics and come back when you have an understanding of what you argue.
So you don't use public services?...and if health is a public service? as in the CIVILISED world what then
Breathing air and simultaneously questioning its quality and efficacy does not make one a hypocrite
So you've used European Healthcare? know all about it? you'll happily deny others healthcare becusee they can't pay? why? do you hate them?
You are unable to formulate an argument. Good day sir!
The queen of political pandering. What's worse is most people fall for this.
I'm Scottish. I genuinely don't understand how that isn't a given in any civilised nation.
Welcome to Twitter, and free speech! 
Ps, not another country's social media. This shit is global dude 
You're one funny dude 
Gun ownership is a right...

Maybe you'd like to pay for my new rifle!
Except its not and anyone who thinks it is has the most elementary understanding of the 2nd ammendment. 
Literally not about gun ownership.
What do you think it is about?
Every analysis from ratification era disagrees with you.
See: Story, Rawle, Tucker, Farrar, and Coxe
There's no option to disagree.
Don't RT. RT if you agree
usually you like or reply if you disagree and RT if you agree, and not RT doesn't show disagreement, just that you never saw it.
So maybe just reply that you disagree?
I basically did
This is a panel session I would love to moderate.
It sounds like a panel I would want to stay far away from :)
Please tell your Democratic controlled state house/senate in California which killed single payer healthcare reform.
hate to point out the not so obvious.. rights are regulations/law/code & a means of control.. its not actually a good thing.. 
think about it.. like govt is legally elected.. its a control tactic.. in this case control of the mind
ahh therefore it's bad to help the poor and the sick. man no wonder the US is messed up
its actually a fairly global theme.. Not many countries are void of this reality if any..
A functioning society means that the most extreme excesses of human nature must be curbed to a degree, and that some means exists to do that
exactly.. and with high mechanization round the corner it makes a tonne more sense to retire the majority of the population 1 way or another
"retire" that's a great euphemism!!!
If health care is a right, who pays for it?! CA tax payers of course. NOT YOU! Dems spend OTHER People's money!
Politics aside, I'm Canadian and can't imagine folks not having access to basic, life-saving care. 1/2
we do have it.. but when your life is saved, you receive a bill for services rendered
Right. But how many people try to wait out illness in hopes to not go bankrupt, become homeless or at least enter giant debt?
thats not other peoples problem. people need to take responsibility for themselves.
Define 'other people'? We have enough global examples that countries can take care of their people & still be fanacially prosperous.
define financially prosperous? healthcare is free in other countries yes, but where do they go when their basic care isnt enough? . the US
That's not entirely accurate. Some do, yes. Sometimes for elective surgeries as wait times can be lengthy.
In America health care is NOT a right.  It SHOULD be a right but so long as Republicans run fed/state governments it will never happen
Laurie, start learning the Constitution. Especially read the Tenth Amendment.  The Republican bill by Graham is what federalism is about.
I've read the Constitution, say, unlike the Republicans who denied a hearing to Merrick Garland.
Don't get started tit for tat. Democrats did it some time back.  It's a common practice on both sides.
If #GrahamCassidyBill was good, they'd wait for #CBO scoring & have real hearings with medical-related committees, not homeland security
I like the federalism part. That's were this should be.
But rushing it through without #CBO scoring or real hearings means it can't past muster.
Obamacare wasn't passed your way either. Again, referring to 10th amendment, health care is not a federal issue.
No, it is not a right.. Rights are something that can be given and removed.  The 1st, 2nd and so on amendments are Rights.  Healthcare is a service you purchase and not just given to you. Where is all of the money coming from Kamala? You love spending our money!
You're full of $hit!!! Healthcare is NOT a right!!! Take your globalist, socialism agenda and move to Venezuela!!! America is done with giving freebies to those that don't want to work hard and pay their fair share!!!!
Healthcare should include dental,vision and hearing aids
As in every developed country now. OH except USA.
Btw I'm in love  with you Jon Snow
Lol.
@GreenPeaches2 Unfortunately, healthcare is NOT a right but, owning a gun is.
There goes my happy, healthy people parade 
Health is a right. Healthcare is a service that would be affordable in the US w/o interference from govt & other "middlemen" #DPC
We tried leaving it to the greedy insurance companies. Rates skyrocketed and millions were denied coverage. How soon we forget.
Hate to tell you that that didn't happen until Obamacare came around. I could afford it before Obamacare now I can't afford health insurance
Wrong. If your rates went up you probably had crappy insurance.
Funny how you say I'm wrong when I'm the one that had it happen to.  Every insurance company in my state rates skyrocketed after obamacare
your costs went up because Obama sent all your money to communist Kenya to pay for ISIS babies, not because the entire ACA was written by the Heritage Foundation as a giant giveaway to insurance companies and originally introduced by Romney in massachusetts
so def don't support Medicare for All or any other universal coverage plan that cuts out the insurance companies completely or else ISIS babies are gonna get EVEN MORE
Humanity.Whoa...look at the thesaurus on that one!Americans who don't think others have the right to HC...Texas,&Louisiana ppl gonna need it


Let it go. What if your child had a heart condition and you cannot afford to pay for the life-saving procedure? Go away Trumpster troll.
FREE SPEECH IS A RIGHT. NOT HEALTHCARE.
Exactly...as is the right to bear arms.
No more votes for Democrats until they are for a single payer system. Medicare for all now!
That won’t get us there. Republicans / @ GOP will never vote for UHC.
Can't hurt. People are learning every day how this country keeps our health care and tax system complicated so people can get rich from them. The end is near, sorry.
How’s that working out in UK these days?
H'care is a right & #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer the solution.
Nobody in our country is denied health care.
Are you related to the Ex-professional wrestler?
Same exact name....is she his daughter? Lol
I think we should stop mixing the concepts of health care and health insurance. The debate is about how we as a society should pay for care.
Exactly! We are all going to pay for it one way or another. If not directly, then indirectly.
Stealing money from me is not a right
No one is 'stealing money' from you. Pay your god damn taxes and help out your fellow human. Mine would pay for your care, yours for mine.
Axel should pay Axel's healthcare. Cobra Commander 15 should pay for Cobra Commander 15's healthcare.
I'm sorry you feel that way.
Axel should buy Axel's groceries. Cobra Commander 15 should buy Cobra Commander 15's groceries.
Correct. 
But if either of us reach a point where we cant, we need a safety net to survive. 
Taxes, buddy.
Here is an idea, Axel, and hear me out, open a savings account to plan for such emergencies or pay for your own insurance. My $ isn't yours.
Please describe the source and any limitations on this supposed right.
"Among these rights are LIFE..."
You forgot the liberty part.  Confiscating wealth from those who’ve earned it and transferring it to your base in exchange for votes is hardly liberty.
I'm in favour of universal health care.  It's cheaper and outcomes are better and EVERYONE has stake in it working well.
Also aids social inclusiveness, which reduces tension and violence, and everyone benefits from that
Almost anyone living in a first world country which is not the US knows this
However I think calling it a "right" is terribly counterproductive and convinces no-one who is not already convinced
Someone explain: Government should provide protection against terrorism, but not against disease? 

Which is the bigger threat to citizens?
So your platform will be give free stuff that you have no ability to pay for and destroy what makes us great, Obama 3.0 . Pitiful
I just can't give me a god damn headache
Yes, you have the right to take care of your own health! Not the obligation of the government!
You do by it being payed for by the taxes of the people the government isn't providing it the people are providing it for themselves
Who administers healthcare?  Human beings.  How is it that their skill is your right?  Do you support slavery also?
That doesn’t even make sense. How do you think other countries make this work?
It makes plenty of sense.
I’m a nurse for 27 years and can tell you quite confidently it can be done. The only reason it isn’t is lobbyist bribes from health Ins industry/Pharma to our Govt Reps.
Declaring healthcare a right doesn't give Gov magical powers to deliver services better than the market can. All Gov can offer is rationing. UK now bans surgery for obese & smokers.
Most likely based on proven poor outcomes for this group of people.  If they quit smoking and got to a reasonable BMI, I’m sure that changes.
The problem is with Gov having the final say as to the care you receive. For God's sake is it so hard to understand why such a fundamental freedom is desireable, and its denial is absolutely immoral?
#BErnieWouldHaveWon #HRC should stay in the Woods ;)
Please explain why forcing someone else to pay is a right?
Do you even understand the differences between a negative and positive right?
How about housing? A Human right too? Food too? When someone has the right to something, some else has the obligation to give to you!
WRONG!  Obama made healthcare an entitlement.
I have a right to a Ferrari and a million dollars as well. Stupid senator
If your neighbor has to provide it, it isn't a right.
When did you decide you agreed with Bernie?
I wish politicians wouldn't tell us to retweet things.
We need a party for and by the people -

I read every retweet and not a single one of them was from the verified constitution. ..guess it's not a Right afterall.
You don't have the right to someone else's labor (doctors,nurses). You don't have the right to my labor to pay for your healthcare.
Is owning a home a right?  How about driving?
Darn straight it is!
My tummy hurts. Senator, I demand you drop what you're doing to give me a belly rub. Muh right! (see how ridiculous that sounds)?
I mean if that tummy rub would stop you from dying... Not really?

BS
Citation?
So, you believe you have a right to someone else's labor?
I believe you mean 'sick care'.
Hey what about trans healthcare?
Shit that's a good question
How about standing with CA State Dems & promoting #SB562?
How are we in CA going to pay for #SB562? Do you have any idea what the state already spends in Medi-Cal?!
No need we had it for at least  years in Denmark  can strongly recommend it
I wrote this a year ago
You have every right to pay for it yourself
Healthcare is NOT a right. It is immoral to promote and support slavery.
Don't you have a New Black Panthers Bund meeting to go to, where you can excoriate whites for being white!?

I've lived in socialized countries, and people are literally dying because of socialized medicine there! You madam have no soul!
Yes, I agree.
RT if you think Cali should pass it & Kamala help
Democrats fought a Civil War FOR the Right to others' Service...  RT if you remember that.
and our HC system is nothing more than a way to shuttle profits into the pockets of establishment politicians
No. I. Don't. Agree.
Nope. A right is something that nobody may lawfully prevent you from doing. If somebody else has to pay for it, it is an entitlement. A free country should have no entitlements, only charity.
Will you pay for my family's health care? Please. We can't afford insurance. We work & don't get free stuff.
I missed that one in the constitution. But I'm sure you wouldn't mind changing that pesky old thing. #maga
No one is owed the services of another

Calling healthcare a right demands
& forces people provide it

Someone compelled to do labor, or to pay for someone to do it, is enslaved

Most people should & can pay for their own healthcare & education 

#DemExit
Agreed
If we all had great paying jobs with employers who subsidize insurance then fine, but too many are without.
Wrong answer
Then it shouldn't be your right to sit home, eat pizza and drink beer all day and then make America have to pay for you to not die.
Healthcare is a service provided my people. If you've a right to force people to treat you, then you've a right to enslave them. You're scum.
Healthcare is a right and not an insurance risk to negotiate.  People do not neglect.  Industry takes advantage for profit.  Fight to live.
No it’s not.
I agree!!
LIFE, FREEDOM, LIBERTY, PURSUIT OF HAPPINESS, FREEDOM OF SPEECH ARE GOD-GIVEN RIGHTS, NOT HEALTHCARE!  Stop with the  B.S.
The Right To Life is the greatest Right of all.
Benefits is a right and a great feeling not knowing your to lazy to get a job
I mean, I hope I live to see this become true
So that doesn't mean we need socialized medicine
A natural development of the concept of human rights. A concept sadly lost on the government of the #US.
what I can't understand is I pay for mine and its shittier than the free health care ..pay more for co pays bs
Healthcare is a right yet ppl experiencing fear to not seek healthcare due to financial problems resolve healthcare issues for all US
No its not. It is a service granted by someone else.
No it's not
No darlin'. It's an earned privilege. It's a service to pay for and utilize as appropriate.
No.
Synthetic rights are the product of simple minds, bent on power over others.
Wrong!!
Bring it up for a vote make it law
Truly affordable health care is a right. Single payer is a pipe dream.
Those who r already Americans do Not get health care or afford it we r left to die or loose everything we worked r lives for 2 get treatment
I hate twitter and having to shorten everything and never be able to get a complete thought across and still use proper English.
I agree but I could see a supplemental insurance that people could purchase also.
We have that all over Europe...all people working pay in..but you're free to buy private on top if you wish & I bet it's cheaper than US
Nope. It’s a service, just like any other good or service. You want it or need it, you pay for it. Pretty simple concept, Kamala. Got it?
It should be, with all the money that is spent on war and the military apparatus and with all the money WE all pay in taxes WE shld have 1/
#UniversalHealthcare 2/2
74k morons who RT this have no clue that its forced HC thru insane taxes. Its cheaper now than it would be thru socialized med.
Healthcare is a commodity, no different than Sugar, A Car or Cable T.V.   You want something?  Go earn the money and than purchase.
If health care is a 'right', are doctors, nurses and hospitals obligated to provide free of charge?
Agree
TOUBI SSOUDJI JEVEUX WELCOMEPROPHET HOUSE
Please show were in any historical documentation that ever demonstrates Health Care as a right.
It is not a right
Lookie here... She's doing her Bernie Sanders impression. Pretty good too. She's got the crazy commie nutcase part down pat.
Life. Liberty. The pursuit of happiness is a RIGHT. the rest is to be EARNED!
In for me healthcare has been a human right since I was born 63 yrs ago. Find it hard to believe in all those years  can't do the same!
Believe it everyone is incredibly greedy and petty it sickens me
Liberals believe American tax payers should foot bills an share our hard earned $ with everyone, paying their medical bills. Same w/illegal immigrant health/welfare at $110bill per yr. Sickens me you’re so charitable w/everybody else’s $. You hv a right to BUY insurance yourself.
You have the right to bankrupt somebody else for your sake? Healthcare is not a right it's a commodity.
Military medicine. "Free". Couldn't get a mammogram. Called when i had to.
Should be a  benefit not a right
A right to healthcare in Venezuela, Cuba , Soviet Union...
1986 EMTLA (no one can be turned away from hospital ER for lack of pymt) so health care has already been declared a right. Build upon that 
When argument of right to health care arises in debate, cite 1986 EMTLA… & then: we must guarantee the estab'd right equally applies to all
My error… it's 1986 EMTALA https://www.cms.gov/Regulations-and-Guidance/Legislation/EMTALA/ … & the criticism has been it's unfunded… so #Medicare4All fills this old lege gap. #go4it
My SSDI Medicare premium is $109 w/great Dr's + $25 for Rx cvg & most generic Rx copay = $0. I want the same for all my fellow Americans!
Since when?
Sadly, 71K ignorant or misinformed ppl agree.
Since gun ownership is a right, are you going to buy me an AR?
No it is NOT a right!
Either it is & coverage for all~*or*~ docs go back to accepting a / as payment. Costs off the charts & often multiple misdxs. C'mon 
@wordhorse222    RT
No its not
In what universe and by what law?
We also have the right to bear arms... but we don't supply every American with a free gun and free ammo, unlimited
Please quote part of the Constitution that mentions that? 
Make it AFFORDABLE!!!
2nd amendment is a right. The Bill of Rights. You know, that Constitution thing. @SenKamalaHarris, RT if you agree. Not holding my breath...
Um, no
HELL NO!Hard working Americans are SCREWED enough by government!All ablebodied not elderly,disabled or single parent have to work!
Universal health care might be a good idea, but it is not a right.
No it's not. For it to be a 'right' would require indentured servitude from health care providers and slavery is illegal. You're marketing propaganda and fascism. Please resign.
" we choose to go to the moon " to " vote for me and I'll give you free cellphones " the modern dnc is a disgrace
But people need choices
When will dems. speak out about reps sabotage of obamacare? So tired of hearing about its "failure". #speaktruthtopower
#FANNIEGATE
#ObamaCare it's a total disaster a cash cow for bankrupt #SanctuaryCities who's costumers are #Homeless & doctors appointments take a month
NO, it's not. A right is something the government can't take away from you, it's not something anyone has to give you.
F'ing Com'on ... We just witnessed in England parents rights TAKEN AWAY by single payer board to ensure their small child would die.
How far is the promise land for Health Care Senator?We can chant all we want here, unless there is uproar move in Congress,it is just feint
A healthy population is a productive one. We should encourage active travel as well as provide free health care to prosper.
You can try but we are not letting you catch any of @SenSanders fire!
Push your colleagues @SenJeffMerkley @SenAlFrank to join you! Unite progressives! #HarrisMerkley2020
Where does it state that in the constitution? Screen shot works.
Healthcare food aren't a right you're obviously delusional or just not American
Locking up people for stealing other people's money is right, instead of not pressing charges and receiving lobbying funds in return RTiya
@ben_gaudette does liking it instead of Retweeting like the lady asked mean you disagree?  You've changed man..
Single payer!
Wow! .@SenKamalaHarris is pro slavery. Who knew?
Health care is not a right, its a service you pay for. 
You'd do more good and get more people insurance by reducing premiums & deductibles.
Then explain how I should trust the same people who can keep a road smooth or a veteran healthy with my families healthcare future.
Cant
No it is t
Yes!!! We all have a right to get what we pay for. No more, no less.
But we don't get what we pay for. We pay for profits to go to shareholders. Health insurance is the worst example of Supply Sided Economics
Are you counting how many people in the world don't RT you? 
#Healthcare #depression 
Painting by my late father.
yes! but have concerns about this model: https://www.formosapost.com/pros-and-cons-of-single-payer-health-care/ …. Your thoughts?

Legal representation is a right. All lawyers should provide all services at no charge to client, b paid only whst gvmnt decides they R worth
This is the same the World over & not just in America. We must strive for greater equality Worldwide.

#Health #Healthcare #Caring #Equality
where is this written in the Constitution?
Will you & Sen. Sanders be giving up your Congressional health insurance to a part of the same h\c system you want for your constituents?
Healthcare should be universal, but it is in fact not a natural right, constitutional right, liberty interest or statutory right,  #conlaw
I wish. Life, liberty, property, pursuit of happiness. Maybe fairness and privacy. Can't have right to something that doesn't belong to you
But by that same token, do those other things really "belong"  to you? I feel we have a responsibility to help those who need healthcare.
These are not mutually exclusive. Not a right, but we can decide to help those in need
