Yes yes... Lets hold their hands - "directly"? Go govern in meheco'
Well of course he's trying to get all of them out he's not going to remind him of nothing sad but true
Do you honestly think trump or @SpeakerRyan care? It’s obvious that DACA is meaningless to them both! @RepAdamSchiff @RepSwalwell @SenSchumer @SenJohnMcCain
THEY SHOULD ALREADY KNOW THE DEADLINE.  THEY HAVE BEEN DEALING WITH A DEADLINE SINCE THEY'VE COME HERE.. THIS ONE SHOULD BE NO DIFFERENT !
Can we somehow get volunteers program to contact them
Why is it their job to "REMIND" them??? They should know this already if they were abiding by U.S. law. It's called taking responsibility.
Ruling by neglect. Don't advertise ACA, or DACA. Wait--soon it will be an oops, forgot to advertise the elections except to targeted grps.
So it’s governments job to remind you to sign up for health care.Don’t you keep track of your records?  As Americans we need less government
Yes it is governments jobs...since they impose the deadline. What kind of heartless “Mother of Four” would even make a comment like that?
A mother who pays all her bills on time. Knows when to renew car, health,home owners insurance. It’s part of being responsible adult. Try it
Okie dokie then. Seems to me like it’s still a rather heartless thing to say. Not my kind of mother but whatever.
The Trump/GOP Admin is sabotaging DACA, ACA, mommofour. If it's over something important to you would you say the same?
IF THEY ALL WANT TO STAY HERE THEN THEY SHOULD DEFINITELY BE PAYING ATTENTION.THEY ARE NOT CHILDREN ANYMORE.THEY CAN TAKE CARE OF THEMSELVES
Not his job......#DeportAllIllegalAliens #NoDACA  You destroyed CA, not going any further.  You are a cancer on America
Why give illegals a warning?  Roll in and arrest them. Deport all of them. They broke our laws, no quarter.
the democrats won't talk about Emanuel Kidega Samson
Why dont u just tweet it ???
DISCUSTING lack of care for CITIZEN SAFETY! NOTE: DEMS voted AGAINST KATE'S LAW!
Check out @RNRKentucky's Tweet:
Trump Is About To Send In The Feds To Raid California After What They Just Declared

#JerryBrown You will NOT Win

…
Good maybe ICE can go ahead & deport them! DACA was unconstitutional to start with stupid!
DACA & CHIP are important, but if he starts a nuclear war, it will be complete chaos and millions will die. It can’t be business as usual.
If HE starts a nuculear war?  Honey, you'd better stop watching CNN and take a look at what is going on in NK
Ooppsies missed another pesky deadline. tRUMP has yet to initiate sanctions on Russia, NK, & Iran that passed Congress by a near unanimous vote
And that CHIP thing had some deadline too 
Too many deadlines for #DotardDonald
Give him five years and he might remember to do something but don't count on it
That's your job!!
Can't you be relied upon for even one thing?!
Fortunately, we do have DNC as an oppposition party to ensure Trump’s administration carries out its responsibilities without failing.
A responsible DACA recipient would be aware of the deadline. Maybe ICE can go ahead & deport them!
Oh, you think they don't know.  How about people be responsible for themselves and not rely on the gov't to hold their hand
@HouseGOP So you support life except for children that need medical coverage, except for dreamers, except for people who are shot.
We support FULL medical coverage for dreamers in their respective countries.
Considering this is the only country they know this is where they want the medical help
The NEEDS of citizens and legal residents come first. The WANTS from the rest of the world are simply not our responsibility.

Good, so he supports the laws of the land.  I don't see the problem.
You expected a different result? Wake up! We're being ran by a #WhiteNationalist Party headed up by @realDonaldTrump!
No, we are being led by a man who wants Big Gov't out of our every day lives.  you want gov't telling you what to do, move to England
No - shame on you for not doing your job for decades. It's @POTUS job to uphold laws not break them or make them! You KNOW that (I think).
Deplorable
Shame on you for wanting to uphold breaking our laws!!
Well anyone who supports dotard supports breaking our laws
Not his job!  If I wanted to stay, I would make damn sure I made all of the deadlines.
Good.
Of course they didn't...
I need to either become citizens or be deported out of our country we no longer wish to support them
Nope! No shame when DACA lose their jobs 8 wld b added 2 D jobs created by Trump admin. Except they will all be vacant!!
DACA Womens right all going down the tubles today. Calif must become GOP Free fast.
But the headline is “First Lady Stuns in Black Pantsuit”. Smh
Maybe they'll read your tweet. Ademas, no tuvieramos este problema si el gobierno hubiera mantenido la frontera segura/protegida
So on the same day of the decision for a new time you allow no time for notification before accusing & complaining. shame on you
They are all shameful. Trump is a disgrace.
Yeah...like it's Trump's job to set their alarm clock.  You must see these Dreamers as helpless.
WHY do you CONTINUE TO LIE? They've had PLENTY of time to renew & could even do it on the website! You are making false statements AGAIN!
ICE has been tweeting about the deadline.......have you?
really?  What more should we do for the DACA kids. Most don't pay the renewal fee; should we taxpayers cover that? Shame on you, Senator
@SenKamalaHarris Please do more than that - that is not enough.  It's despicable.
Like Michelle said be'n President doesn't change who you are...! It reveals who you are! Their also do'n that kind of stuff with Obama care!
Perhaps the Trump Administration should use tax dollars to hire individual assistants for each #DACA recipient?
Are you really as clueless as you tweet?!
I know this bc my ofc is in regular contact with lawbreakers n we so nothing about it.
Why should he? They're illegal non-citizens, he's doing them a favor by allowing them to stay temporarily.
Governing by sabotage...DACA, EPA, ACA...
Thank you for staying on this crucial issue.
they should not be here in the first place. I wish you took measures to protect victims like myself than illegals. I can feel what Kate felt
Shame on you!
And this is why 30 year old liberals still live in their parents' basement.
Yes Shame on trump, who told America and Dreamers hiw great they were and he cared! Secretly lets then fail, just like chip and aca
neocons have no shame, stop trying to appeal to their better nature, they don´t have one
Shame on Obama 4 signing DACA with out Congress in the first place.
When is it EVER okay to cross a border illegally?
The answer is NEVER.
#END-DACA
WAKE UP KAMALA and realize the U.S. GOT INVADED by 11 MILLION UNLAWFUL IMMIGRANTS. Know we know, now they must GO! #MAGA
Noticing he ALSO didn't notify his cabinet that excessive use of private jets would be noticed @real
You're actually blaming the legally elected government, of which you are sadly a part, of conspiring against people who are here illegally.
Somebody forgot to tell you there's Bob Menendez, still in office.  What?  NOT FOR LONG?  Take a knee, hon.  Makes you run fast!
They can't read?  If they don't care enough 2 take care of it, then they need 2 leave  #DeportThemAll  #NoDACA #NoAmnesty says 84% Americans
So basically once again it’s racism of low expectations. U think they are so dumb th feds have to keep reminding them. Wow.
When r we gonna do "something" about this cess pool of admin?
RT just in case life got busy for #DACA which I'm sure hasn't happened.
Sessions made statements. Others have made statements. It's been all over the news. I hope they signed up. It will make deportation easier
He is sabatouer in chief
Well,  they're still not legal.  ado who is responsible for that?
For all that say they should know, from who? From where? Do y’all not get online bill reminders, or doctor office appointments?
#ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump !!!!!!!!!
Seriously?
You know, why don't they? Why don't you tell them? Government also suspends licenses without telling too
they never intended to
Just like not advertising ACA sign up dates.
HELLO!!!  It's not their responsibility.  It's the responsibility of the recipient to keep track of the deadline.
Please did u expect anything else? This is Darth Vader come 2 life & installed in the oval. Needs light sabering.
Senator, Trump nor his staff have an ounce of shame. You know that.
Congradulations Senator Kamala Harris to California becoming a safe state for immigrants very nice achievement sanctuary state
There was no law against immigrants. It was illegals that are in violation.
Shut up and go away
Racist Administration does racist, bigoted things. No surprise. Let's just fix the problem. #RepublicansAreTheProblem #VoteRepublicansOut
What about all that cream of crop talk? Yet can't remember most critical deadline?Do they think everything should be done for them?  Oh wait
Well, DACA is illegal. #EndDACA #DeportThemALL #IllegalAliens #BuildTheWall The future of LEGAL American Dreamers depend on it! #MAGA
You know how cowards (aka bullies) do.
But no shame on the illegals, right?
Dotard Trump is getting forgetful isn t he? This and the Russian sanctions deadline (big surprise) ... could it be dementia???
Spite and Malice towards DACA, collusion with Putin.
D'oh! Of course... look at me being all forgetful now....
Squirrel...
I just think Dementia isn't fair to dementia victims. Although it appears he has sundowners. tRump is just evil.
Quite.... the very epitome of evil... and the nerve he has calling out reporting of his failures as 'fake news' is as Nazi as Nazi gets
So true. And the #LiarInChief wants to verify what is truth. That is hysterically funny. Sad, sick, authoritarian, but funny from a LIAR!
Absolutely... he is an utter menace to America and the world.... impeachment cannot come soon enough for him, his sponging kids & his admin
Lol is there google broken ?
The hell with them. Use to be a sympathizer but they can get the hell out if this country they will never be happy time for them to go!
STOP IT, WHEN WILL PEOPLE ESPECIALLY ILLEGAL MEMBERS OF SOCIETY HAVE RESPONSIBILITY + ACCOUNTABILITY 2 KNOW ABOUT AND DO THINGS ON THEIR OWN
Shame on people crossing international borders and expecting to be rewarded for it! Liberal socialist #Democrats encourage it. Sad. #DACA
Mexico doesn't tolerate illegals nor does Canada. Imagine that. Our nearest neighbors expect folks to obey their laws. How novel. RIP #DACA
Same as cutting Obamacare registration time in half.  No ads
dotard is doing the opposite of what US needs 
Reinvesting in HC and education to keep up with technical skills Restoring the middle class
This administration is nothing but a bunch of lying, bigoted, misogynistic white male idiots imaginable who will hurt anyone they find
We have more important issues to deal with.
That's pretty passive aggressive
airlines still have daca discounts available 1 way tickets to Mexico
and on a day Trump mentions a calm before a storm - yet another way to make the vulnerable feel deportable. #DACA kids deserves true support
SwampMaster-in-Chief has a pattern of harming ppl.
1. Not notifying DACA recipients of renewal deadline
2. Slashing ACA advertising budget
That's not the administration's responsibility. The #DACA applicants need to find out on their own.
Surely they would keep an important date like that in the back of their head? Not everyone needs to have their hand held. Shame on you
Let's wipe there asses for them as well
It’s their own responsibility to know the dead line.
why has your party not helped the DACA recipients? stop pointing fingers, it is rude
Did you notify all of DACA in your care> I'm sure you didn't   Stop with the blame game
I would assume if I was as responsible as all of these DACA recipients are purported to be I would have know when the deadline was. #Doh
Why is it their job to remind them of their renewal ?
Worse than shame.  Much worse. @Govjerrybrown
The IRS doesn't send out a notice on April 14th to remind us of tax day! Why the hell should we notify DACA people of thier deadline?
It's not like they didn't know about it. It's been all over the MSM for a  month! All comes back to taking responsibility for ourselves!

Good. Are these people incapable of keeping a date or handling their own affairs? My god the government can't do everything.
Crooked corrupt racist Hypocrites
Can they sue ?
No end of shame on them.  This is why it is so important that the Senate and the House work tirelessly to pass the #DreamAct now!
I suspect you're wanting the government to notify YOU, an American CITIZEN, when your passport expires, too.
Do you watch telemundo? Well the immigration lawyer in telemundo said the October 5th the deadline.  Creo que usted entiende español verdad.
45 & his admin hv proven that GOP & his entire corrupted admin feel no shame or conviction, bc they r dead 2feeling anything connected 2God!
Where they expecting an uber ride to the office to renew as well ?
Screw you Kamala!
Trump never planned on helping the DACA recipients. He's a #LIAR, remember? 
They'll run out of time & he'll expect them to self-deport.
Um, that's up to Congress...last admin set the expiration date....
There was a memo attributed to the Trump admin. It laid out his plan to let time run out & his idea to self-deport. 
We'll see what happens
That's kind of amazing, coz I've heard them announce it on my local news for A MONTH. (smdh)
Good.  Deport them all.  Now.
Assume deadline given when they registered. Not governments job to remind anyone of anything. Want to live here. Be responsible for yourself
Hey mommofour....does the govt send out reminders at tax time to you. Coz I have yet to receive one...I'm responsible for knowing that info.
Exactly Texas Lady!  It’s the dumbing down of America. Everyone wants the government to take care of them.
I hope you are a fake acct with no children
Nope. A real account who teaches her child that no one owes him a damned thing in this life and responsibility.
If you change a deadline by 5 months that if they miss they'll be put in a private prison indefinitely, shouldn't you TELL said children?
AGAIN....they've been announcing it on the news for a month...have seen it on SOCIAL MEDIA...
Only reason anyone knows is because of Democrats speaking out. And 3 states have had storms, PR is 90% without power. You were trying to silence.
They don't know? Watch the news.
That’s coz nobody’s minding the store. The government isn’t functioning. The cabinet is taking it apart and civil servants are jumping ship.
@NancySinatra Why were they waiting in the first place if they're so "eager" to become citizens 
That's because #45 doesn't want them here!
Quick ? I was thinking of being a Senator, like u. Do I have to put my head all the way up my ass or will halfway do?
Really, Shane? How about cowardly, disgusting, ruthless  POS, Now that is more accurate.
when they made the initial announcement the administration was very clear on dates&what needed to get done! I can't wait 4 DACA 2 go away!
Why should he waste his time if you are doing it for him? Has a light bulb come on yet?
Yet to notify? I knew about it. Of course I'm not affected. Was I supposed to say something? Did you warn the illegals?
Why bother if DACA is coming to end
DACA is not priority with the hurricanes and LV shooting. Get your head out of your a@@ and stop this Americans first Deal with it
I knew it and I'm not DACA. It's their responsibility. Stop trying to babysit.
Oops.
I just wonder when Kamala thinks about actual American citizens?  Does that ever happen? All I see are tweets about illegals and Dreamers.
Exactly because they want  keep them to vote democratic. The don't care about these ppl it's votes they want. Americans first
Very true.
DACA needs to end  Obama put that into effect to get voters you democrats are nothing but dividers do your job or get out of office
They never planned to. Haven't you realized by now that this admin is defunct of morals & leadership?
Nobody calls me and tells me when to get up for work every morning! Nobody tells me when to renew my drivers license...etc!  Kiss my ass!
Congress constipated, can't pass #GunControlNow obsessed with ppl's private parts, way have dalla bills rain  #GOPgreed #GowdyalteredDoc
That way there won't be as much opposition if they don't know.
Such a compassionate Administration.
I doubt they are depending on the Whitehouse for shit anymore
Recently, Roy Moore said he never heard of DACA !
Instead of constantly complaining why don't you start working with administration & make America Great again or don't the dems like America?
The notices mailed st the same time the ACA renewal notices were mailed. They must have ALL got lost in the @GOP shredder @SpeakerRyan uses
They were on Hillary's server...
TweedleCan't & TweedleWon't, "leaders" who shouldn't, couldn't & wouldn't. Embarrassing! Save the kids. @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr #FundCHIP
Fuck ALL DAMN ILLEGALS!
They are either 1) incompetent,or 2)evil bastards,or maybe both!
He enjoys seeing people suffer@realdonaldtrump
Oh yeah, they come here illegally and soak up resources, yet they are suffering? You never Trumpers are so uninformed. Get a clue!
What's with the hate? If you are so happy with your president why do you have so much hate towards others? Tell me why, u immigrant
Deplorable!
They have no shame! Shameless 45
They have yet to notify black society with the reparations
So many positions unfilled, so many unqualified that are in office - he has NO IDEA how to be a president. Shame on us that he is in office.
Kamala, I love you.  A lot.  But "Shame" is not good enough.  This is DESPICABLE and DISGUSTING.  Our country used to be better than that.
How is that the government's job?!  If it's important to them, they should keep up with it. 
Come on. Kick there ass. You can do it.
Surprised
Yeah we have other important shit going on right now.
And you are a crook...shame on you
#DACA is the #Dems illegal catastrophe.....you warn them, what are you good for, huh~ except corruption, obstruction and lies.....
How about u? U haven't done zip since you've been in office the way I see It u should be going door to door #Useless
Trump should have dumped DACA immediately and sent the dreamers home immediately. Shame on him.
They, being DACA.
WHAT MURDERING SAVAGE HARRIS IS
Do they need them to wake them up, dress them and feed them too? How about a ride there as well?
Sigh... Compassion compassion compassion in short supply these days
Are you Kidding ME?
You are just as Swampy as the rest of them.
Uh OH!!!
@ICEgov will notify them Don’t worry
BUILD THE WALL
DEPORT THEM ALL
YOU MUST ANSWER!!!!
Shame on YOU! Explain!!!!
They can find out their own damned deadlines.
There’s nothing but shame
they haven't appointed an ambassador to South Korea yet either, they're a fucking disaster
Won’t notify citizens about ACA enrollment, definitely won’t notify Dreamers. They hate all of us...
Shouldn’t the deadline be extended. All hurricanes must be effecting some.

Question. What is the @DNC doing to get the word out to #Dreamers ?
Remember most are not white so did doesn't matter to the Presitent Dotard
No Accident They Let Chip expire  @GOP @realDonaldTrump are Destroying America and we Need a Stronger word Than SHAME Clearly they hve NONE
Round em' up. Fingerprint/Photo/DNA/Deport. Trespassing Foreign Nationals having kids while on US soil does Not make said kid a Citizen.
