Please do hold him accountable?
He had his hand on a Bible he has never read when he took that oath.  It means nothing to him
why when you refuse to uphold our Immigration laws.  You also took an oath.
but you don't mind the laws being broken by Trump, Bannon & the rest of their mafia. Selective aren't you?
I do not believe you can point to where President Trump is breaking the law. If you can though, it would be
just as wrong as Kamala breaking immigration laws.
thank u because I feel frustrated and filled with anxiety all the time. I feel as if I'm in danger&need to  defend my life
@holachola @SenKamalaHarris Hang in there and know there are many people supporting each other in this dark moment. 
I understand these feelings, but I feel empowered when I speak up, march, call, write, etc!
can anyone check out his Paranoia? Also why is he stacking the government with the rich which will not be 4 all of us.
impeach him.
@wajiii How and when?
Yes; we NEED special prosecutor! Our former CA AG @SenKamalaHarris must admit that Sessions is too conflicted to investigate!
We really do!
unlike the previous traitor that you didn't say a peep about. Hard to while you're sucking ass.
How about not letting him destroy our country? Polluting water is a step back not forward. What else is he going to destroy
He is NOT doing that however!!
Can he be impeached on those grounds?
I love it that you are on the Intelligence Committee. This gives me hope that there will be 'intelligence' and persistence.
Oh and what GD great job he is doing!!!
when is a formal investigation re Russian ties launched?  Where are his tax returns?  Please?
So did you Senator. Giving away the country to get votes is not preserving, protecting, or defending the Constitution.
He's still protecting Americans! You Hindus get the hell out from USA.stupid people.#AmericansOnly #ChristiansOnly!!!
'Bannon confirmdTrump selectd Cabinet 4specific purpose o deconstructing administ.state' ..he Better abide by Constitution.
disregarding Constitution he wants lead USA! cabinet member resumes didnt matter either cuz he dismantling those dptmnts...
so impeach him already! Why are you waiting. You have numerous ample grounds.

Thank you. Please fight for truth and our Constitution.
Independent InvestigationS!!
he was in violation of the constitution the moment he swore in.. 
Presumably including the clause that says the president "shall take care that the laws are faithfully executed".
@LeslieMarshall he had his fingers crossed #mentalillnessexam4trump
.@SenKamalaHarris So protecting the border is at the top of your list?
Thank you Kamala!
#impeach45
do you mean the Constitution he hasn't even read? #disgustedwithhim
How can We? Especially whn AG is Mr. KKK Sessions. We're screwed & I'm frustrated their going2 get away w/this! It's Wrong!
sounds like you need an army I don't think you'll need the draft!
@gerhadt_kreuz Yeap. Hold him.
Bravo! Looking forward to learning more about how you are doing that.
Great - I am still looking for the right for abortion at any time - founding fathers must have hidden that from us! #maga
Thank you, Senator.
That was a typo, tRUMP meant defend the Constitution on the U.S.S.R.  damn auto-correct
and he has not violated that oath nor infringed on any of our rights like predecessors
needs to be now. He is denying access to the Press. Only press allowed are the ones that agree with his lies.
@damonbethea1 he knew what he was saying?
I wrote @RepAnnaEshoo that he needs to be impeached. Just. Do. It.
Sorry, Sen. Harris. If you still think he gives a sh*t (pardon my language) it's time to wake up.
He's got the (foot)ball and he's not to give that up. He violated the Constitution on day one and committed alleged treason
but he's still there. He's clearly unfit to be President, but he's still there. He named people to his staff that would
make Hitler jealous, but he's still there. He's not going without a fight. And we all stood by and watched it happen.
what about the 1st amend and the fact that he just excluded news organizations from a press conference!!!
Great. Working class message?
Might help if he had a clue what was actually in the Constitution 

My money is on fact he never read it
Who's holding you and other deplorable Dems accountable to the same oath y'all swore?  Hypocrites.
@bethbrookfield and on TWO BIBLES ( which he really doesn't believe in)..he has so conned his voters
He wouldn't know what's in the Constitution of it fell out of a building and hit him on the head.
and I have never felt like this in my life. I don't like labels. I'm not scared about life usually. This is not normal
.@SenKamalaHarris So based upon last. Pres./Bannon/Cabinet and others ALL have broken oath, it appears the Constitution/country at risk.YES?
Kamala, get a new twitter writer.  This sounds too much like pablum.  You can do better!
@MaryBethCarney3 So did less than 1% of Americans. Both he & they claim to or "Patriots".  Leeches is what they are.
.@SenKamalaHarris AGREED.Issue Bannon again broadcast the purposeful selection of cabinet and the Pres vows daily fight deconstruction admin
The trademark was especially troubling since it's ILLEGAL under Chinese law to trademark the name of a foreign leader/party
Give'em hell Senator and thank you
Never give up.It always pays off in the end.We need each and every person staying with the fight.
That is admirable, as long as you also hold yourself to the very same. Please don't be one who abides by a double standard.
Good luck with that because he's the most dishonest person i think that i've ever seen and i want to see those tax returns.
How?
someone better b/c @realDonaldTrump looks at the Constitution as merely an obstacle to be overcome #ResistTrump
Keep grinding on @realDonaldTrump Senator! As a Californian, I support your efforts! Bigly! Also, thanks you!
keep reminding him
Well then you need to remove him ASAP because he is doing anything but....#emoluments are just the beginning
so glad I voted for you. You rock!!
Good luck and thank you.
Good!
he's already broken his oath, despite the two bibles he swore upon...
