For the states that did not expand Medicaid ( @JohnCornyn @SenTedCruz ), the working poor will still be uninsured along with new cuts (1/2)
@GOP seems to be really grasping at straws here. Why the hell won't they work with @dscc to fix ACA if it needs fixing?
The @GOP,  the party of obstruction. They haven't been bipartisan for 8 years, you expect them to change now? Not happening. #TheResistance
You're right of course Arlene. Sometimes I cannot control my anger & frustration w/GOP tho.
#GOP is making everyone pay the price of disagreeing with #Trumpcare! That friggin #Narcissist #buffoon will have have his way! #bullyAF
Agreed. Repeal and get out of insurance. No delay, no replacement.
Having Obamacare in the 1st place is what's caused this mess....Dems own it!
I have read that their objective is to deliberately hurt people who oppose them. To them, it's all a game.
The number of uninsured seems to be the least of their concerns. Their concern: how big a tax cut for how many rich folk.
Since the opposite of pro is con, the opposite of progress is congress. If they repeal how can we trust replace will happen?
Im getting to the point, where I’m starting to wonder if this game you all are playing is on purpose. Do you realize how much stress 1/
2/ Congress and the executive branch are placing on the American people. If the GOP is doing this horror show on purpose, before giving in
3/ its to their own detriment. AND if the DEM’s are helping their “show” its even more SH**TY. Pretty soon, all incumbents will be the enemy
Agreed. Do NOT repeal Obama care. Need House & Senate need to work together to fix the problems with Obama care over next 2 yrs.
Their racist hatred won't let them.
Well, really don't think racism has anything to do with getting Health Care fixed but will let you know if I find any examples. Take care.
the ACA was supposed to make healthcare affordable so everyone could afford insurance,TX did not care if the working poor were insured  2/2
If it were to pass the UN should bring human rights violation charges against US for legislative genocide
Let's hope there are 3 human beings among Repub Senators who cannot be cajoled, threatened or bought off by Prez Cheeto.
What can we do to help? We all must do our part, but thank you for leading and defending our cause!
They want us to have 'buyers remorse' that we didn't agree to one of their other plans. I'm not buying that. No one should.
Worse than repeal and replace with worse?
Yes, but I rather think that's the point. They work for the rich, not the People.
Looking for you in 2020 election.
They brought nothing to table yrs ago w/hosp admins said something HAD to be done or our #healthcare sys would collapse.Nothing wasnt option
Ms Harris, you know those people are nuts!
And  there won't be a replace
You never put truly poor people on insurance, you put them in a State pool. Individuals buy insurance.
Perhaps THIS was the end-game, all along?
Keep fighting for Obamacare.
It's what they wanted all along
And? What are the Dems going to do about it? We are being held hostage
More like #REPEALandRUN
Senator Harris,  to much of the GOP, with their excellent health insurance via the federal gov't., ideology tumps the American people.
It's like spouse saying I'm quitting my job now & maybe in 2 yrs I can get better job Even tho got rejected from better jobs just tried 2get
#Kudos to the #sheroes in the @GOP for taking a stand. #PeopleOverParty
In a recent poll 99.9% of republican senators cannot Spell Repeal and Delay. Period!
Definately not how Trump described to Scott Pelley
Just keep fighting for the people, not corporations, Senator.  Thank you from Florida.
Just more proof that Trump would rather see the whole USA fail then lose. It looked like he was seated at the children's table at G20 summit
http://How.you  can explain that the power number one worldwide, the lead country in the planet, we.Don't have a medical.universal
Although it would result in more money for tax cuts for The overlords. Money/tax cuts not health/care. What it's about.
The GOP would LOVE this approach - it lets them off the hook...and they'll NEVER come back to the table. #Resist
You had 8 years to fix it!!!!!
Even if this proposed legislation never becomes law. How will congress prevent the administration's ongoing sabotage of ACA?
"People" are not a metric in any GOP plan.
Votes, contributions, profit and loss. THOSE are metrics the GOP pays attention to.
60 million
This is direct proof the current set of @GOP representatives in WH & Congress CANNOT govern. They aren't able to transition from obstruction
Anything with Repeal and Obamacare in it has my vote.
Agreed Senator Harris. Thank you for fighting for us. Harris for 2020!
Cruelty seems to be synonymous with many Congressional  members of the GOP lately...
They're saying they don't care about the vulnerable folks on the A.C.A.
Thank you for consistently standing up for us, Senator.
They have nothing. 7 yrs and still nothing. Quite pathetic yet somewhat funny.
Why talk terrorism and travel bans when you have this absolute moral and ethical rot in the White House..which will kill numerous Americans?
Now its Repeal and Later Replace. ..what a joke.

Do you really think that the wealthy is going to give back the tax breaks into years?
GOP has plenty of ideas.....all to get rid of anything that helps poor and middle class.
Most valuable resource a country has is the people who reside in it. It's in the best interest of the country to have a healthy workforce.
There is zero logic behind it unless the actual goal is to punish people & “win”. Zero.
single payer plz
The fact that the #mangomoron wants to blame the dems for a vote that didn't happen shows how unaware of this mess he is. #clueless #impeach
What makes you think that the  @Gop gives a crap about people?
More money for the 1 precent Just what the Koch brothers ordered
Mr Trump is pushing foolish ideas at the expense of Americans. #FixAndUpdate rather than #RepealAndReplace
"We will immediately repeal and replace ObamaCare - and nobody can do that like me."Trump 
Spiv
Congress does a lot of craven, shallow things, but indeed this takes the cake.
While our insurance costs skyrocket due to unstable market & sabotage
Are they just desperate?
Idk if they are desperate or just cruel and vindictive. Like kids if they can't get their way then they are more than happy to destroy it.
When Calise was shot, they were singing Kumbaya. As soon as he got well they forgot their humanity.
"Repeal & Run" - it's just like the GOP to wash their hands of the American people.
Resistance Hulk ready to fight to save healthcare and Americans! #NeverRepeal
.@SenKamalaHarris Trump and the Republicans believe Russia will save them again. So they care less.
Sen Harris I'm falling for you. You had me when u told sessions "I want u to tell the  truth"
and that's really saying something.
Keep up fight back now
They don't care about the people only keeping the Koch Bros happy.
@realDonaldTrump with his "let it fail" is irresponsible and embarrassing, like a 4 yo with a grudge. Drama queen a preexisting condition?
One might almost get the impression the GOP's priority in health care reform isn't caring for people's health.
Ah....a pattern seems to be forming.....
And who really thinks the GOP will work on a replacement plan once they get the repeal they want so desperately?!
Scary all right but there are 3 GOP women Senators that have come forward as standing firm on NO to Repeal Only. GOP don't have the votes.
I'm sure the worst is yet to come but that's when it's #MuellerTime
Have to get rid of the whole Trump admin, or it will get worse.
A shame they can whine for 7 years and not have a plan! Let's you know it was never about a plan but undermining Obama!
Then push for a public option until we get #SinglePayer - come on, if you're gonna run in 2020 against @SenSanders you better get a message.
Please, don't push Bernie 2020. We have enough trouble with ideologues on right.  We need to get back to center. Plus enuf old white guys
Center? What's more center than where we've been? You clearly have no clue. The ACA was a REPUBLICAN MODEL!!!
Yes. Every new plan becomes the worst ever. You're ruining your welcome... You always go to the extreme.
And...delay for 2 years? After mid-terms? Very crafty, don't ya thing!!
and their adherents just keep buying and drinking the kool-ade
well, they have the "delay" part down pat!
