Exactly why we need to be fighting as hard as we can for #MedicareForAll right now!

I know for a fact that this is false, but I'm game. Please provide citation for this statement.
I guess I should know better than to try to teach anything to a liberal
You're not trying to teach anyone anything. You are entrenched in baseless beliefs, unwilling to learn and insulting others on the internet.

How much do you pay for health care? Would you pay 1/2 of that in new taxes if everything was covered? No co pay no dectubiles dentist eye c
23 dollars a week, for my entire family. Low deductibles, premium plan, from my EMPLOYER!
Hiw much does your employer pay? I bet is more than they can afford. Would you rather have a raise or bonus.
They have to provide good insurance if they want to keep to talent. They invest in me, I work hard and EARN my benefits
Ii support your state because a lot of the material i buy come from michigan. So we are all in this together.
Thanks. I would NEVER force you to buy Michigan made products.
Why do you always want to argue? Your not forcing me to to anything. Why do you despise the left? Make some valid points please.
The left destroyed the Democratic party. They use to be for the blue collar working class. Safe spaces, pc culture, antifa, illegals.
You & 15 other Dems are unfreakingbelievable for siding w/barnie on 'his hc bill' WORST TIMING EVERYou.Messed.Up. #WeWon'tForget
So true!  Bernie is like nuclear waste.  Like the kind you might dump in a minority town in West Texas.
Agree 100%...TOXIC BERNIE...fools who follow Mr.-destroy-the-DemocratParty-Bernie .. NOOOOOO
Can someone explain how this stops being a monthly thing? This keeps happening and i have to imagine it will keep happening until they win.
At what point is it decided this won't work and things are left alone?
Seeing Americans scramble for the opportunity to continue to pay for substandard health care on a monthly basis is getting kind of pathetic.
yes yes repubs are bad. Bout U vote no on $700B dollar military increase while repubs claims healthcare too expensive?
#GrahamCassidyBill =#RobinHoodBill takes healthcare money from one state to give to another. #NoScoreNoVote #SaveACA #Resistance
They need to stop repeal with no replace.  Fix the ACA!
Use every trick in the book Dems. We need you to be united against this. We don't have much time
Maybe if you spent more time on #ACA and less time on "George Soros funded" #bailreform insanity ACA could have been fixed by now.
It is a complete disgrace that the "R's" are trying to throw virtual "table scraps" at for insurance, just so they can they did something.
You're about a year too late behind Bernie
as obamacare turns out unaffordable and a total disaster. you cannot think for yourself at all can you?  does someone dress you in the AM?
Republican Congress is like a kid asking if you will buy him candy-"Please? No."..."Please? No!"..."Pretty Please?...No!!"
You forgot the hashtag: #MedicareForAll! We are already suspicious of your co-sponsorship of Bernie's bill. Show you're serious! #FightForUs
And what's the rush! I want the same as Graham's health ins! Limp around in our poor shoes! Couldn't live a month in  R shoes! 
How is it that every time, they manage to find a way to make each new plan even worse than the last and STILL it has a chance to pass? ?
@SenJohnMcCain is @LindseyGrahamSC friend. He is voting for that bill that can kill millions.
Never forget Palin.
Palin not in Senate. McCain called for full hearings which would take months. They have til next week.
Why not fire trump and pence then we can get politicians instead of Yahoos
Politicians are the ones who created all these messes. Only a good businessman like Trump has any chance at all of rectifying the damage
@SenateGOP Three major hurricanes, western wildfires burn millions of acres. Is this the time to strip millions of healthcare?
You are a disappointment turning your back on the Democratic Party to team up with Bernie. Bernie supporters voted for Trump.
But not as bad as Obamacare from the Democrats
I thought there were myriad laws against purposeful harm: negligence, depraved indifference, intent to cause harm, etc. For  people not gov?
If replacing Obamacare with Trumpcare is such a great plan, then test it on Trump supporters and Republicans that vote for it.
I can't believe they will refund planned parenthood because of abortions but yet they will let people die without insurance even infants
What is your solution? Obamacare imploding. Millions of people have no insurance, you offer no solutions and complain. Typical lib Democrst
.@HouseGOP .@SenateGOP #DeathKnell heard round the world.. for whom does the bell toll? It tolls for thee, .@BillCassidy .@LindseyGrahamSC!
Spoken like a true Hillary bot. Guess we know what you think of your constituents. Typical Democrat.
Oh but @SenKamalaHarris, you jumped on that #barnieinstrain thus giving GOP good rhetoric about repeal & replace OCare; #Unforgivable
We stand together - GOP want us to squabble. #FakePres is like Lance Armstrong - an obvious cheat. Bin Crosscheck now.
GOP will keep on trying this every month until #MedicareForAll is passed.
The Graham-Cassidy “health care" bill is just more of the same disastrous policy we’ve seen from Republicans. We must beat this thing.
Way to RT my girl Kamala!
How bout come up with an intelligent replacement? Repubs want to beat Dems. Dems beat repubs. How bout come up with a plan that works? Duh!
Tell. Me. How.
Please. What do I do. Please tell your Bernie buddies to stop harassing the women of #TheResistance. Its exhausting, hurtful.

I've made quite a few calls already & will continue. I hope more people will do the same
And when Democrats primary in 2020, I will remember every single person who fell for Sander's shiny object & took their eye off the ball.
we're tired of this, Senator Harris.  Why don't the Democrats introduce healthcare legislation?  Why can the Republicans do so repeatedly?
The Rs in charge of the House/Senate will not allow bills from non republican politicians
Call! Oppose ending medicaid expansion, subsidies & block grants. In favor of promoting the marketplace to keep it alive! 202-224-3121
It's not the same it's much worse. Why does @GOP hate people and think we should die?
Please call it Trumpcare,  ty vry much, ty
NO on #TrumpCare! My son: pre-existing condition. My family: saved by ObamaCare. Did we stutter last time?
You have been useless. Do something right and vote for affordable Healthcare. 
 NOT SINGLE PAYER!! Remember Baby Charlie!!!!
Withhold consent. Slow everything down and prevent this monster bill from getting to the floor.

I am having more faith in you!
You believe in socialism & socialized healthcare. You believe America should be a socialist ideology country run by democrats & terrorist
I just cant believe Repubs dont see this for what it is. They dont care about Healthcare.REBUBs are blind and stupid or don't care. Pick one
#regularorder
It's not policy. It's vindictiveness and class and racial warfare.
So gratifying and frustrating to be a Californian; I know you and @SenFeinstein are committed to defeating it, so I have no one to call.
Sen. I have yet to see you offer any legislation that works across party lines. All you like to do is bash repub. with your Dem biased views
with what? bring something to the table? all you know is NO
American needs YES
PLEASE!!! Don't let this trash dumpster bill pass. They re-work it and it gets worse & worse! Heartless, Egocentric, Monsters...all of them!
It's a Disaster
Same thing. Different label.

Use your voice!

Keep the pressure on!…
Keep dreaming!
Do you realize your replies are irrelevant.
They just aren't going 2 give UP until they destroy it.  I won't have healthcare after this.  They don't care.  OBAMA is attached
Urging @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski to do the right thing again - vote no on Graham-Cassidy. Help my family/others.
Kamala likes to see middle class families ruined by the big lie that was Obamacare
you mean the single payer --right?/
OK.  Let Obamacare collapse.
Fight hard Senator - our lives depend on you!
https://soundcloud.com/user-548478055/mobilize-trumpcare …
How can we beat it when it won't died.  How many do overs do they get
#MedicareForAll is the answer. If Repubs dont think HC is a necessity, then they should all go without and see how it goes to take the point
Then don't just tweet, get the Dems out talking about it now! Talk policy...not Trump...
shame on graham and cassidy
Attention lawmakers Republican voters not buying either. We are watching & will be voting. Our future & yours depend on what U do next
*why
And the Dems have done wonders for this country. Hello. Why do you think a lay person won. Wake up America! Congress start doing your jobs
We do we all keep going back and forth just to get nowhere? Our country is sinking fast and all we Americans do is point the finger, SAD
The Republican party is getting so bad im going independent..
Correct
More of the same and it's worse.  We have been distracted lately.  We must still fight.  We have to defeat the G-C health care denial bill.
Graham and Cassidy are a problem for America.Proving by their words and actions they have disavowed their oaths of office.They should resign
Is @KamalaHarris going to come out with a better plan?
kind of like "you can keep your doctor if you want"
It will pass. Accept it
I AGREE, IF U RUN FOR POTUS WILL U BACK TERM LIMITS FOR CONGRESS?
Our system of government is very frustrating in these times. Thank you for your courage and strength.
Hey! I said that first
No, I said it first. 
Well, OK, anyone w/a brain knew any @GOP Healthcare bill would be a #Obamacare Repeal & Destroy US Healthcare fiasco
Thank you for standing up for Healthcare!
been NO disasters from the Dems huh!Ur A pompous arrogant holding up the progress2make our country better!must B A part of the swamp then
Please continue to fight for us!!
Everything the R's put together seems to threaten the well-being and health of the American populace.
#NoGrahamCassidyBill CALL/ SHOW UP say NO to disastrous bill
this is far worse than what was under Bush, the nothing for no one non-policy
this is horrendous cruel sadistic
Pharmaceuticals put them in office.  BIG contributor.
Thank you, people can't imagine a society where people are treated equally. They say it is an ideal. It will happen.
Go on Rachel Maddow and Morning Joe....two best and most watched programs.

This goes far beyond the BCRA, McConnell's bill that failed. It is the complete wiping out of protections for pre-existing conditions. https://twitter.com/TopherSpiro/status/908718687116505090 …
My daughter & I are on this!  She has Crohn's Disease & is recovering from bowel resection surgery but we'll be calling our MOC's Monday!!
Please Keep ObamaCare & Dump Graham-Cassidy (TrumpCare In Disguise).
@JJohnson2u 
AGREED
Where is a copy of it for we the people to read
Disingenuous of @marcorubio @JohnCornyn @tedcruz to throw millions off health care while requesting aid for their states
Hope you got my phone call & saw my tweet encouraging you to run out the clock on another terrible GOP effort to take away healthcare.
How to fight it here:
Yes yes yes
Actually Senator this is worse. Please help the 3 republican senators who voted for the American people don't cave to the extra money . 
#WE NEED ALL HANDS TO MAN THIER  BATTLE STATIONS REPUBLICANS BELIEVE THEY CAN WEAR US DOWN NOT WHEN IT'S A  MATTER OF LIFE OR DEATH RESIST
I tried to my heath in Erndese but imdid not tsk ore sad if know how to do
How can we fix this? What will you do?
Please shut up. I cant stand your libness. So predictable, so boring, so wrong.
When will this bad dream ever end.
For some reason we are not able to retreat! Damn tRUMP
Their idea is bad.  Please explain how yours is better.
Because the Senator is busy, how about you check on the state of 'her idea' aka, the status quo:
What can those of us in CA do?
Please post phone numbers to call for every state.  Thank you.
This time, actually kill the bill!  No new re-incarnations of it!  Done.  Dead.  OVER!
why isnt Bernie mobilizing his supporters? Backburner single-payer bs andall-hands-on-deck to save ACA
RESIST KAMALA!!!
It’s theft from hard working blue states to lazy, meth ridden Republican wastlands. Screw flyover country.
Do they think we don't read or have short term memory loss? Their originality is just awe inspiring!! Sarcasm noted? 
And we all know very well that #MedicareForAll is never going to pass in a million years, it's just positioning for the 2018 midterms.
Little Lindsay Graham is a snake in the grass, Dems need to stop bipartisan work with this fraud.
Glad to see you've got your priorities straight now. Kill this first.
@kikilala1 It's legislated Genocide. Time to call it what it is - human rights abuse against Americans for greed and profit
You got me on board I really wish they would sit down somewhere.
Me-college educated. Mom of 2. Staying home with baby (my choice to leave work). Wife. Mortgage. Car payment. Good credit. No health care. 
and push Medicare for All as you co-sponsored. Get ready for 2018 as a litmus test for real Progressives!

disaster IS the ACA...a welfare entitlemnt program, which is the biggest transfer of wealth in the history of the USA
Well most of the things Democrats create are so damn bad nobody can fix them. Democrats always make a mess and then expect Reps to fix it
You're projecting, just like tRUmp.
The most important part of this is the "air quotes". You're right on senator
GOP POV: it's a huge accomplishment merely undoing anything Obama did, by any ill conceived means. Don't need plan beyond that, it's a WIN!
"Health Assault Bill"
Making my calls AGAIN.
so true!
When I think red team I think Satan
Well single payer is just more bad policy period.
Keep fighting !  Please save our Healthcare!
The fact that I as a woman & mother having a successful pregnancy w/out or w/minor complications is a pricey preexisting condition is insane
The #AwanGate is just another scandal that @TheDemocrats are scared to talk about. Americans want Answers. They stole classified information
Tomorrow, we get back on the phones, ya'll. Here's a summary of the Graham-Cassidy repeal. And yes, it's that bad.
You can beat it, by sharing a draft of #medicareforall. You'd be matching the Republican effort instead of supporting an unwritten bill.
Do you have a citation for that?  Because in the real world... http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/cbo-estimates-22-million-lose-insurance-decade-gop/story?id=48750691 …
...Not to mention pre-existing conditions, etc...
@SenJohnMcCain Please Vote No on Graham-Cassidy-you saved Healthcare before & were our Hero be our hero again -Life is Precious #VoteNO
I'm an Air Force brat, too.  Howdy.  And, looks like we share similar politics, too.  Nice to see your tweet.
Oppose everything. You wouldn't want to put the country ahead of your corrupt party.
They are dastardly!

Yeah sure vote for Bernie's plan.

#Wealthcare. This time bribing the states at the expense of vulnerable Americans. No #GrahamCassidy No #TrumpCare 4.0
You truly Are as Political as they come! Obamacare is one of Our worst disasters in the last 30 years. #justtryintogetvotes
I have the numbers and will start first thing tomorrow morning
We really must stop toiling away at people's health care.  Let's send a very clear message for a second time: the ACA is must stay in tact!
Yeah sure great advice. ACA is already dead freaking sakes. What pray tell is there to save. Get a brain
@timkaine @SenatorWarner @RepTomGarrett  this is wrong 4 Americans please vote no!!!!!  Strengthen ACA or Medicare for all.
PLEASE put your energy&attention on what we are dealing with at this moment They are destroying our gov SINGLE Payer can WAIT Protect us now
By this time, the Senate knows how we feel. Gillibrand needs to check in with McCain, and you with Collins, Murkowski, & the red state dems.
This is so exhausting! What can we do here in California?
Right? It feels like "who you gonna call?" my state and local reps are all on the side of Shit-That-Makes-sense.
Do you guys have friends in other states? I have been encouraging those folks to call... As well as making my own calls since I'm in Maine.
How the GOP can look at the rest of the western world and come to the conclusion that what the US needs is worse healthcare is beyond me.
It's beyond me that anyone votes Republican!
Like I've said, they vote themselves into homelessness.
@GOP rewrites disaster. Again. Why? Dig deeper. Time passing. Something uglier this way comes. #Subterfuge #Distraction #MedicareForAll
why don't you give up your cushy healthcare...? put $$ where your mouth is? #pandering
In the real world, the 'cushy healthcare' that Senators has is...
http://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/2017/04/12/523335954/what-happens-to-a-congressmans-health-insurance-if-obamacare-goes-down … 
...ACA Marketplace plans.
#Kamala2020
.@SenJohnMcCain Please show the courage you displayed during the last vote and do what is right again.  People's lives depend on it.
when can we stop calling it healthcare and start calling it what it really is: a tax cut
@SenFeinstein you must stop this bill. Save the Affordable Care Act.
Kids wake up it's already dead
Yes ! In these mins. TRUTHFULLY your tweet (notification) @SenKamalaHarris your alone, on this SUNDAY that I waited for.(Family) 3:46pm 
2/2  GOD is Always Good; That Good things may come to those who wait. Patience is Virtue;  In God's Speed for you and I both PRAYERFULLY
4:30pm CT. @MLBnetwork @MLB Coverage of Sunday Games, Around the Horn/League, @SenKamalaHarris , TRUTH (Family) 
5:30pm CT. @CNN  SUNDAY, @SenKamalaHarris
6:00pm. @FOXNEWS SUNDAY, @SenKamalaHarris
7:25pm @PBS ch The VIETNAM WAR, @SenKamalaHarris
9:55pm @ESPN @MLB Sunday Night Game, @Dodgers LA vs @Nationals Washington, @SenKamalaHarris
10:38pm  @SUNDANCE ch. Movie: A Fistful of Dollars, @SenKamalaHarris
NO! NO! NO! How many more times before they finally understand NO means NO! One last one!
Sort of like date rape. Only thing is we get screwed.
Tell us why? What's in it? Or not in it?
#GOPCOMPLICIT #GOPPAIDOFF #GOPPAY4PLAY #GOPZOMBIES4TRUMP #GOPDONTGIVEAF0CK #Scruples4Rubles #NotLookingGood #SILENTGOP #FRAUDS #GOPHYPOCRASY
The Graham-Cassidy no-health bill is worse. An excuse to drain money from blue states to red. #SaveACA
We don't want the government in our healthcare. PERIOD!
Why would a Texas account be spamming a California Senator?  There's nothing in that tweet that's not manufactured.
Hopefully "moderates" in the house stop it like the senate did with the AHCA voting with their conscience not pandering to the base.
what's your alternative?
throw some more mud?
WITHHOLD CONSENT-Dems need to use every means possible
Forget theirs just state yours????
Why do Dems play the game, tell Americans your policy w/ details drowned them w/ details!!!!
Campaign for universal health care. Against public support, pols will pursue their constituents' desire. GOP criticized ACA.
And the ACA is so great. What drivel.
Please hold the floor and grind the Senate to a halt. Demand that the CBO score both deficit savings AND coverage! Demand PUBLIC hearings!
Regular order!
They're incapable of writing quality legislation. Why are they in charge of 'leading' our country? #healthcare
Lindsey Graham doing something disastrous?   no waayyyy stop what
