We need to get the word out that seniors will not receive ANY relief by this tax bill. Personal ex goes away making the $12K ded a wash.
Seniors with our limited income will not be helped at all while billionaires will. Please stress this is NOT acceptable. We need your help!
They need to keep the $4050 personal exemption in order to make this a tax cut for seniors/low inc/middle inc people. Stop the lies PLEASE
The same way Obama Care is helping well I think they'll take there chances  :)
russia/45/pence/mcconnell/ryan have fed u guys a lot of fake news2turn u all against ACA, tax reform,1st Amendment rights, 2escalate hatred!
I'm hearing that Russian ads that were brought on twitter & FB were lies about ACA, HRC, guns, BLM, etc.!
Actually the Russian ads were pro BLM, get your facts straight
The middle class will. Rich Sentors will not. Your country club will have to chip in if Trump gets his way.
So, that means you FAVOR the tax proposal, right?   Or are you just creating unrest, dissatisfaction and obstruction
lol except it makes those who deserve better also have to suffer.
Kamalita.   Bella     my   love.    Te   mande. Una.  Foto   eaperp que. Ls. Vea
What an inning ( and it ain't even over) for The Tribe. Thank you @CokeZero for the free games on @MLBTV
U would think that they realize that but no maybe it hs to register
A true miracle for the middle class? HA!
Cut taxes... Pretty please? California has taxes for everything with very little progress, how about a break for a change?
Kamalita. Mi senadora  mas bella .del .alma.  My. Love   Como. Estas .
Kamalita.   Bella     my   love.    Te   mande. Una.  Foto   eaperp que. Ls. Vea
,hola  mi senadora. My.  Love .como.   Estas.   Descansando.  En. .cAsa
Lol..... Sad!
trump train going backwards for supporters.
Tax reform positive for rich and average Americans suffer
Working middle class is the life blood of the US. The only people who deserve tax breaks are small, and big business. Not counting big banks
Tax breaks for small and big business would allow them to spend more money on their business. This is good for the economy.
Individual persons, and families however should not. Doesn't matter if you're rich or poor. Tax hikes are a shit way to cover the rich.
check out TV ads being run in Central Valley implying that simple working people will benefit. Dems should counter them.
Uh u no I don't think they give a shit. The 5th Ave statement applies 2 most Trumpians, 2 them he is the "Dear Leader". They want a dictator
yea because STUPID people NEED SOMEONE to tell them what to do... or they'll just spend all day fucking the sheep & the pigs on yonder farm
Today someone had the nerve to mention Cam Newton raising a clinched fist — like a black power sign. So is this DJT’s white Power sign?
Make America Great again right?
45's spreading verbal hate driven violence, lies & deceptions. 45/pence r not caring for the people of this country only the rich &wealthy!!
That's including 45's dedicated followers who I believe don't care if he deceives them. They'll probably sell their souls 2hell 2 follow 45!
So ignorant
Honestly they probably wouldn't even care. They could lose everything but as long as Trump is in office, that's all that matters.
Really?!?!  If my standard deduction goes from 12k to 24k then im pretty sure im getting something out of it, quit obstructing 1-term senator
Really, you are such a neophyte.  Do you understand the corporate tax change affects all.  Probably not, you don't seem that bright
Bahahahahahahahahahaha! Suckers. They will still think he is the messiah though. Dumb fucks.
wishing someone would pass a law making it a SERIOUS CRIME for POLITICIANS TO LIE TO THE PEOPLE ! ! !  how is LYING even legal & SLANDER 1
2 What happened to SLANDER???? Hillary should have a gazillion SLANDER cases going. why is it legal for them to slander her like they did???
From 10 to 12 hmmm that’s easy math and @realDonaldTrump says we win?
A  middle class Trump supporter told me: "I don't care if Trump makes me pay a 90% tax rate, I'll still support him."
Actually, considering long-term costs of this proposal, many will get _less_than zero.

To his supporters, have you had enough yet? You can’t live on empty promises & a wall won’t feed you or pay the bills. You got played!
as in ALMOST ALL OF THEM, the Conservative Party is a blue collar party unlike the yesteryears. Poor bastards being bamboozled since the 80s
Who cares? "He's still a breathe of fresh air," say his supporters.
Do you hear that deplorables?  I'm still waiting to hear what he's done for you?  He's using you bc he thinks you're too dumb to know better
They were stupid enough to vote for him, they're stupid enough to ignore math.
That's okay. Many Dems will get zero from republican tax "framework." We understand how the GOP rolls.
That’s a lie
Anyone who thought that they would is a fool...
And they will smile and rave about how great his new plan is regardless of how much they suffer. It will all just taste so good.
Didn’t see that coming.  It serves them right.
like you're worried
So there is a God.
Good. They deserve fuck all anyway.
Have you formed your committee for your run for President if so post link so i can start help spread the word
What do you know?
"I don't benefit," Trump said of his proposal to cut taxes. Our analysis found the plan could save him $1.1 billion.
#TrumpNazi voters are fucking stupid and don't get this. They will probably just blame Obama.
Just like every other promise he made.
There's a way for nearly everybody to get a lot of buck bangs:  raise the Capital Gains tax.
Very important to #FightForEverySeat like @GDouglasJones going after Sessions seat to #FlipItBlue #Doug4US

Can I say it yet? No, it's too early. I'll wait.
I’m glad you said “framework” because it certainly isn’t a “plan”
Why don't you start working on impeachment! You are just like them. 
But Trump, Minuchin, and most of his other administration and the GOP fat cats will make out like bandits, Surprise, surprise.
Oh theyll get something, a tax INCREASE
Even if true, your statement proves that @realDonaldTrump is working for all Americans, not just "his voters". Simpler taxes is what we need
Trump voters should pay more to cover the damages.
And go to prison!
These are the same people that said the stock market would crash if @realDonaldTrump became President. #FakeNews
Many Trump voters will get zero from anything Republicans do. Idiots. Stupids.
Framework or Frameup?
Sadly Senator...they think they will. Democrats need to be on TV/Social Media all day everyday trying to combat the lies of the GOP
Individuals can already inherit $10.98 million from their parents tax-free. This allows someone to inherit Billion$$ without having to pay
They deserve that and more
And will certainly blame Democrats as soon as they realize they were tricked.
Well, that's becuz those states, like CA, are taxing their citizens into the ground!
Again ur a joke!!
But they think they will get better jobs because of it!  Gullible Ignorants!!!
But the ones that are Trump supporters will believe they did.
Sadly, yes, as they’re waiting for their coal mining jobs.
Many voters get taxed under democrat tax framework.
that's exactly what i'd expect from president trump - zero just hope he and kim jong il don't initiate third world war
Most regular people won't see a tax break--but the rich will.
they constantly vote against their own interests
Well, that's a shocker. @GOP dupes its dumbass voters every cycle and they fall for it. Shame on the uninformed voters.
No kidding
This news won't phase them. Most of them are still waiting patiently for Reagan's tax cuts to trickle down
Shame... Real shame that's so true...
Poor folks who don't know they're poor. Throw some slogans at em "America first" & "More coal" .. "Let's get that Negro's off health care."
Trump sheep deserve exactly what's coming. Too bad we all have to suffer for their stupidity in trusting a despotic asshole.
I ain't even mad.
Fake .. false.. fake.. false
Our state tax and property tax Will know longer be a right off which is a big difference The elderly could lose their homes! Fight against!
Ah... Poor babies. Fuck 'em.
USA Today, really?  You might as well just quote the National Enquirer!

If his lips are moving, he’s lying.
Oh they'll get something. It's called a recession. Watch out for your 401k.
Stop with your talking points the middle class will get what Obama lied about for eight years you liberals are not ever for the middle class

And will blame Obama for it
Oh, not "zero".... ALL of us will get a giant new crap-load of national debt along with whatever is left when #trumpcorp is done pillaging.
Our country is still at war, giving rich with a 5% Tax cuts, will not help Ntl debt. Plus they raised the lowest from 10% to 12% insane.
That doesn't even count the break to wealthy for Alternative Minimum break & removing Estate taxes
B/C you know stuff, how can Calif start de-funding the current regime in D.C. and what can happen if we do? I don't like the word secession.
Y'all frump voters know what that means..y'all fffff...
Garage kamala. You should work to reduce our taxes.
Problem is will they realize it? Before it cripples their lives?
Maybe worse than zero. Once our debt goes into the stratosphere the GOP will be getting rid of social programs they depend on.
And they will still support him!!!
And then they'll blame Obama
What a surprise.
Wrong
Obstructionist. Believe Newt over you any day.
NEWT: Chuck Schumer trying to break down debt is like an alcoholic explaining the next beer could be a problem!

Newt LOVES Trump #TaxReform 
but, but, her Emails.....
Show us your tax forms. Then we can See How you will benefit! @realDonaldTrump
It's not about GETTING something, it is about growing the economy and improving everyone's life.
Well at least @realDonaldTrump is consistent. They've gotten pretty much zero from him his entire presidency. #FailureInChief #Wealthfare
But there will be trickle down, won’t there?
HaU expect tweeters'll Blieve your tweetMany voters will FINALLY BENEFIT from real tax reform.2 AMT, death tax; Hello low tax rates!
Go figure! Now what do you think of YOUR PRESIDENT! #not mine
How much do they have to suffer before they realize Trump only caters to the rich?? They are BLIND and have Trump Tunnel Vision
@POTUS Making the Wealthy Wealthier Again!
Dang those Dems
Of course, Trump was never for "the people" he just went after the demographic that would vote for him.
Sounds like the democrats program to me.
Actually it's what the Republicans are trying to propose. Pay attention.
That's all they get from any of his alleged policies.
It's fake news until it's too late. Pretty sad.
Kamala for president
And you continue to make statements with no factual data.
They deserve everything Trumps throws at them for being so naive, uninformed and stupid.
Or their taxes may slightly INCREASE! Yes, increase.
So?
Yep the same stupid "economic plan" used by Reagan, Bush, and Clinton failing miserably every time it is used...

Not everyone needs a piece of these proposed tax cuts, but it would be nice if they were revenue neutral.
Again, what a surprise! Now how do we get them to understand that? Why will GOP Senators/Reps not look out for their own constituents?

Serves them right for being so stupid.
Whaaaaaa...?
Yes, but they won't hear the facts. They'll hear the lip service & believe it, just because they believed DJT during campaign. #smh
Can you tell me why you think it's untrue?
Trumpism is a religious cult and a screwing from the Sacred Orange Leader is considered a reward to be cherished.
Since Trump supporters love him so much, let them pay higher taxes & no tax breaks. No sympathy for even one of them! #LiarTrump #ImpeachNow
I never asked for any sympathy from you
They will get what they deserve. They voted for the Ubum
Our clue was the announcement that the 10% bracket will go to 12%.  The 15% bracket disappears for a 25% bracket.  We are not stupid.
Suckers.
They didn't vote for him to get better tax breaks, they voted for better healthcare.
Except those with $50,000+ Out of pocket medical expenses that will go bankrupt without a medical deduction!
Yup. And we warned them repeatedly. They weren't duped. They chose Trump and will get zero sympathy from me.
Good. They'll get exactly what they should get, and they will still support him because they are that smart.
Well luckily for him they're not very bright
Good! Maybe they will wake up
They won't mind, they like it when Trump doublecrosses them.
Of course it's ALL about the Repubs! As usual! SMH! SAD!
...a wise man once said that beauty can save the world, and you are certainly off to a good start.
But they knew that when they voted for him

It's a tax cut for the republicans wealthy donors
...your beauty is a distant celestial body, and it guides me the same way the stars guided my ancestors...
... every sparkle from every heap of gold and jewels cannot inspire me the way you can, lovely Kamala Harris...
Stop with the negativity, Sen Harris.  Most of the middle class will benefit from this tax plan, which what it is designed to do.
that's what they get zero Nada Nyit  0000 nothing they got what they asked for from there leader there  Master
And many will pay HIGHER taxes, so people who already have too much money can have more. #KillThePoorLetPuertoRicoDrown4TaxCuts4Wealthy
Clear out Democrat brain farts and think for yourself.. research for yourself
Trump deplorable voters,WILL SEE THEIR INCOME AND TAXES, DOUBLE TAXED,TO PAY FOR ALLLLLL,THE CUPBOARDS TAXES, OHH,HOW SPECIAL YOUR VOTE IS!!
Preliminary reviews suggest they may pay MORE.
... When I hear your voice, my heart goads me to act in ways I wouldn't have considered otherwise. All the wealth in the world...
The only people getting some
Actually, they will get a bigger bill at end of the year. Say goodbye to vacations. Say goodbye to bills gettin paid off. Goodbye to new car
you don't even realize how many intelligent women voted for Trump sad for you
How many intelligent women voted for Trump? Zero. Also have no self respect as women after he told about grabbing women'a private parts.
Show us the Democrat Tax Cut plan so we can decide which one give the American people the biggest tax CUT. Waiting for Dem plan!  Waiting !!
Like they deserve anything. Maybe this will wake a few of them up. Most are far GONE!
Don't have much sympathy for them just for the rest of the millions more who voted for Clinton.
Once the Rs write the actual law, Ds should create a tax calculator that we can put in the data from our 2016 returns & see the bad news
We Dems need to outline an alternative Tax plan as soon as possible; this issue, plus healthcare, will be decisive in 2018 elections.
Rather than the #GOP method? - screaming "replace!" for years while never actually writing up a replacement??
We gotta do better, not be satisfied just cause republicans in congress set the bar so low
...just to have the honor of your presence. Your eyes denote a soft wisdom that liberates my mind from my relatively limited experience...
Not surprised!
With any kind of Democrat plan, we all get less than zero.
Stop the lies, Kam and get back on your knee.
Yes 4:52pm @SenKamalaHarris, In these mins. TRUTH (Family)
6:00pm @FBN FOX BUSINESS NEWS,  @LouDobbs , @SdnKamalaHarris
7:00pm @MLBnetwork @MLB Thursday Baseball Game, @Rays Tampa  vs @Yankees New York, @SenKamalaHarris
I can't restrain myself anymore. You are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen and I would face any peril with reckless abandon...
It is time for them to WAKE UP!  Our billionaire president has no interest in helping the working class. 
Right, but how much will he save? That is what he cares about, well that and Russia. #putin
Believe there is a typo. “Many” should read “Most.”
Lying sociopaths. .. p.s. you cannot negotiate with sociopaths.
Less than zero!
Good.
that's right. He knew the psychology of the dullest knives in the drawer
Wealthiest 1 percent merry Christmas. Everyone else-- hope you like coal- clean coal- in your stockings.
That's the irony isn't it?!  He does NOTHING for these people and yet they support him.  
zero is prob overly generous estimate tbh
Suckers. Sad!
Zero.  Point.  Zero.
And you feel really Brave about saying that but what if none of your dreamers are getting the stay in America
