We'll see how much the governor will be kissing 45's A$$ tomorrow. Why does he need to even spend $$ coming to Wash. D.C.??
The governor knows you have to kiss 45's ass because otherwise he'll take it out on the people of PR 'cause he's a petty man like that.
https://twitter.com/CNNPolitics/status/921063245078847493 …  here's the REAL TRUTH... next
President Trump: “Did we do a great job?”

Gov. Rosselló: “You responded immediately” 
PR..Disgraceful..this is happening...modern day..21st century..ppl left to die with little help from a government in which they pay taxes
That's a 10 in Donald Trump's racist book...Brown ppl hurting...
Words are nice, but not comforting when no action is taken!
Don't forget the USVI...they are in bad shape too
Last I heard , thousands of troops a millions of FEMA $ are there to help. What else can we do for your voting block?
Are FEMA actually deceiving actors? Funded by US taxes. Video of them: https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1620297788028440&id=100001447039735 …
But, but ... football players are kneeling!!! Have you no perspective???
And that was before the hurricane hit.
Where are the levees in SACTO-STOCKTON going to fail, given a King is dying in each season of Game of Thrones, and you aren't waterproof?
Focus on winning some elections .... in some GOP states where they really don't care ...... then maybe "We" could do something ...
Also the U.S. Virgin Islands! We MUST NOT leave any of our citizens behind
Thank you for your "concern"!   We ARE getting help...thanks to OUR GREAT PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP!!!
Tell the politicians in #PuertoRico to stop wasting precious supplies as well by dumping them-politicizing a disaster#ThursdayMotivation
Our government needs to stop tweeting, talking & take action & DO something!
Exactly! All the time our government spends on twitter they could be actually taking action to save lives! Pathetic!

Please do NOT forget Puerto Rico. Please tell senators and reps that not enough is being done to help them. Please. 202-224-3121 
RT please
But what about her emails?
You are into convict leasing, a Jim Crowe practice. You have no credibility, be quiet.
I have some very important soap for you and those temporarily unfortunate female fugees, displaced by mass murderers, incited by Mueller+.
We must use this crisis to modernize the grid and then follow suit on the main land. Solar,underground wires, etc, etc. it's over 70 yrs old
Why is Whitefish Energy given contractvby FEMA to rebuild electrical lines?  Zinke’s hometown!
US Virgin Islands also still without power
Don't blame Trump for a mismanaged, corrupt PR that IS receiving help!
Congress should pay Elon Musk to install a new grid and Google to operate cell balloons.  We are wasting money on FEMA.
And @realDonaldTrump golfs again
If the bigot would. I was really saddened to learn that the EMPTY BARRELL comment that Gen. Kelly used is a RACIAL SLUR! Decency,Morality?
Looks like the numbers are improving every day!
R u going to comment of the new FBI investigation? Corrupt PR government.
FBI has opened an investigation to the corruption by PR offices. Privileged receive food and water. Not the needy. Their food was thrown out
Yes we do!
Thanks
Have solar panels and proper installers been sent to PR? Why wait for the electrical grid?
PLEASE get the Comfort to do their own triage! The process to get on Comfort is unweildy and is a BIG SECRET how it works! PR's dying! HELP!
The water is a HUGE issue. Puerto Ricans r drinking contaminated water if multiple kinds. Public Health Menace!
Thanks for the update !  Seems like things are getting better by the week !
Don't forget the us virgin islands
We need the media to stop spinning negative news. Government alone cannot fix this. We need companies, friends, family, famous people.
A predominantly white mainland state would be back in business by now. Not being SJW but this is literal & it's sad on your admin's part.
Let's rethink this. Billions of $ in defaults. Near total devastation. Mass exodus. Let's redevelop from the infrastructure to the future.
Trump owns this. What he has failed to do should go down in history as the WORST thing ever done by any president. He truly is a DOTARD!!
They're working on it.  Took months for our electricity to come on after Charlie. Whingers are annoying.
What do you say to the official rep in the House who said trump is doing everything?
They're not part of Trump's base
While we enjoy warmth, power & internet PR is sill in the dark. Satellite photo of Puerto Rico  #PuertoRico
Kamala, time for the #UN
to come in, examine the #Inhumane Treatment
#PuertoRico receives under @realdonaldtrump.
@realDonaldTrump why? So the Donald can continue to shoot hoops
Do something Senator. Quit complaining, help!
need to get the corrupt Dems out of the way and let the people get the aide instead of packages being tossed in the dumpters!!
...and then there's still this...
Today is day 41 that St. John, US Virgin islands is 100% without power following Hurricane Irma. Please keep us in the news-Please retweet.
Don’t forget USVI as well
Ridiculous!!!!!!!!!!!! #AllAmericansMatter
A disgraceful disaster caused by @FEMA_Brock & @realDonaldTrump.
But "it's an Island" per @gop Senators+@realdonaldtrump; they said the response is 'adequate';no 1 asked them what they meant by 'adequate'
Having running water isn't the same as having safe water--if you don't have the means to boil water, that water could kill you. 
Kamala Harris thinks plastic bags in grocery stores hurts California more than burning forest and no water. #prioritizemuch
What about Flint?
If Kampala Harris is on Puerto Rico then Puerto Rico is in trouble. Ask anyone living in Ca Central Valley. But we got non binary drivrlicns
Remember when Trump handed out flashlights and yelled "You don't need them anymore!"?
@SenKamalaHarris your Dem friends are bragging about passing bill allowing non binary on drivers license as the state burns year after year.
All these phony politicians. Ca in gov caused drought and suffering gov caused wild fires. They create problems and solve none.
The real num r 40% lack running water
85% with out power
65% communications r down
I live here in Puerto Rico
@SenKamalaHarris numerous communities in your state of Ca went months without running water,remember? And you did what? Raised water bills.
But @realDonaldTrump is still talking about the NFL...
What about nuclear war yo
Please run for President!
Glad to see that the water access has improved dramatically.  Need to keep up the good work.
We get it but PR's infrastucture was bad to begin with. Building a system takes more time than fixing. Why dont you get it?
Sad just heartbreaking
Its a wrap for #PR
Their electricity was already flickering b4 the storm
Where us #UN
How are we responsible for this massive rebldg program
If theyr technically American
Bring them in and send refugees & immigrants to #PR atleast they would be out of harms way and not r neighbor!

http://www.businessinsider.com/watch-this-truck-roll-out-solar-panels-like-a-carpet-2016-3/?r=AU&IR=T …
Watch this truck rollout solar panels like carpet
Rollout solar






Their leaders should have not let their infrastructure become the disaster it obviously is. Hopefully they have learned their lesson..
It’s so sickening I can’t believe where we are. I’m sad truly. Thank you for working to make a difference my Senator.
They elected to gut Medicare today! We don't have enough eyes.
For Daily Updates from the Puerto Rican Government 
Go to: http://www.status.pr 
For Points of Distribution Locations in every Municipality, Updates & Vital Info on #PuertoRico #USVI
http://www.fema.gov/hurricane-maria 
Assessing the Damage in Puerto Rico
Over 2,700 Power Transmission & 30,000 miles Distribution lines 80% destroyed
#PuertoRicoRelief #USVI
For Transitional Housing from @FEMA see:
http://fema.maps.arcgis.com/apps/webappviewer/index.html …
For Businesses:
Public Assistance: Local, State, Tribal and Private Non-Profit
https://www.fema.gov/public-assistance-local-state-tribal-and-non-profit …
Very hard when we learned Clintons were paid by the Russians
Too easily we get distracted by the shiny new object. God bless Puerto Rico  #kamala2020
and the US Virgin Islands, can we also focus on helping them?
And Northern California
And the US virgin islands.

https://youtu.be/kpZbVrIP1zc 
@realDonaldTrump now there is something you should be concentrating on...versus your bullshit tweets
And the USVI and FL and TX!!!! And CA fire victims.
And their corrupt local politicians hoarding (or throwing away) relief supplies. You should go there and help. Like now!
Where oh where is the UNITY in WASHINGTON for ALL Americans on HC, Tax Reform? PLEASE STAY FOCUSED.
There are reports that the PR Governor has approved a contract with a questionable company to rebuild the power grid.
Whitefish Energy Holdings.  In business 2 yrs.  Less than $200K in revenues.  Red flag! 
http://www.buzzfile.com/business/Whitefish-Energy-Holdings,-LLC-406-471-4668 …
Trump is celebrating Festival of Lights at the WH.  He won't see the irony.
Every death since trumps vision should be placed squarely in his hands. This is shameful!
Is there any billionaires that want a challenge to make Puerto Rico great again?
Yes we do! Especially clean drinking water!
They can't even get tarps. What have we become?
Pleez! Who will insult pregnant widows of war heros then? How much can you expect one potus to do??
Stop grandstanding and get off your ass and do something then all you do flap your lips with rhetoric just pathetic
But 45 is concerned about nfl players standing though
Much more important. Americans dying in many places and he’s concerned with football.
Yes! Just now @SenKamalaHarris, that I see where your seated also w/ another SENATOR,3:50pm TRUTH☻
3:54pm @SenKamalaHarris , what I am sure about is Today's date Oct.18th,2017, TRUTH☻
4:09pm.2/2  @SenKamalaHarris, that being for Puerto Rico's  electrical grid is not expected  to be completely restored until late Dec. @CNN☻
He doesn't care about brown or black people! He is a Bigot. Not honoring the Johnson family & so hateful with his speech, Puerto Rico Brown
But he so concerned with the peaceful protests of a handful of Football players
Most of the men in my family died in wars, my father was blown up by a landmine when I was 4 & now this Viet Nam DRAFT DODGER! TAKE A KNEE
If this were any city/country on the mainland, we wouldn't be having these discussions. Altho, to see Flint, maybe it doesn't matter.
Places occupied by a large margin of non white people...he could care less
General Honeray said this would happen
The realities of aftermath.
Even if Musk help with solar, only temporary, this they know.
Tried to tell them with his tunnel idea, but you think they would listen?
California tunnel project a no go also.
Watching the parallels in Basketball?
On their knees, no action?
Are you trying to say that focusing on NFL players standing up or taking a knee isn't more important!
How many Puerto Ricans have to die before they call it Trump genocide?
I tweeted him and told him to look up the meaning...it's total genocide
