NEED TO BAN AUTOMATIC WEAPONS IN RALLIES'ETC..
I'm outraged by what happened at Trump tower this evening.  That racist piece of pathology in our House @realDonaldTrump HAS to go.
#ImpeachTrumpPenceNow
Yes indeed. Right NOW this country is under attack by Nazis and Confederates approved by GOP/WH/POTUS! We must STOP THIS NOW!
I hope you can do even more to help the country move forward, and back into the light!
She is talking to us, fellow WP. Everyone else is already rightfully outraged about what happens every day.
It seems sadly that this has become every day discrimination. Prosecute the offenders vigorously. Impeach their ringleader.

Usually that's the reason we react that way in the first place.
Exactly. The data is clear- fr @edtrust today.
Yes, we also need to be outraged by Trump/Sessions demanding IP addresses of those that visit #disruptj20 site; a clear violation of privacy
Wake up America! @POTUS is & has been abusing his powers. Congress needs to step up & limit his attack on our rights.
Yes, ma'am, you are right. We do.
You are a shining example of anti citizen discrimination


and so, Senator, I hope you'll use your elected position to work to actively remove this unfit POTUS from office. #ImpeachTrump
Well...lookie here!  Black & illegal brown supremacists!
It's identity politics & that's it for the Dems.  What about helping America? What about "a better plan"? You offer nothing but divisiveness
Outraged about today also!
No more "black lives matter", no more "white lives matter"  ALL LIVES MATTER!!!
No one divides us except us
Yes like masses of people yelling they "want dead cops" or attacking people because they are holding a USA flag
Thank you!
You discriminate on people that aren't socialist. A little bit hypocritical Senator. How about Obama care for the senate?
http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2015/03/media-blackout-dem-rising-star-kamala-harris-blasted-by-court-over-faked-confession-by-prosecutor/ …. you discriminate against poor minorities.  here's the proof #KROOKEDKAMALA
http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2015/03/media-blackout-dem-rising-star-kamala-harris-blasted-by-court-over-faked-confession-by-prosecutor/ … Here's some discrimination for you.
Call for a Vote of No Confidence !
Stay focused, Kamala.

Nice of Prez to let us know he owns the largest winery in the country and it's in Charlottesville:( CLUELESS!
Yes, but we also need to respect free speech and be more tolerant of those whom we disagree with.  We cannot use violence to silence others.



Isn't it telling that those who deny existence of white priveledge are now saying they want "their" country back?
Thank you Senator. Love, #Charlottesville
Now you know what the republicans are. They should change the name of their party to The Nazi Sympathizer Party.
Not Outraged, just a bunch of miss guided individuals and one crazy bastard with the car.
Amen!!
like, quotas, affirmative action, calling white people bad, and demonizing men?
Kamala, 2020 Presidential Run? Please Say Yes!
=the playing field same #Access4all c the following
#GreatpayingJobs
#Livingwageminimum
#Subsidized Healthcare based on incm
#GreatPublic Ed
With that said, can it happen in today's society?
Lets start with education!
Exactly!!!!!!!
My thoughts exactly! Just because you pulled down a statue doesn't mean you have pulled down systematic racism!
and realize NAZI's  are multi generational. The NAZI movement in this country dates to the 1920's. Grandma and Grandpa certainly knew Nazis
Now let's toss Nina Turner under the bus. Go away Kamala. #NeverKamala
Police did NOTHING because of open& carry laws had they moved in it would've been a bloodbath  repeal those laws across THE country
1 of the problems w/americans is once there humbling experience is over seldom if ever do they retain or reflect on it or use it as a tool!!
Yes, we all have to acknowledge our individual bias so hive-intelligence can unite the puzzle right!
Comparing apples to oranges. Racist discrimination is not the same as calling out on ppl actively breaking the laws of YOUR country!
"The Pattern is Full" as was said in the Movie Top Gun! So many things wrong.
The Dirty Underbelly of America is exposed.
We need more than outrage. We need to be smart and stubborn. Outrage cannot be sustained for as long as would be needed.
AMEN!
Not just this weekend in #Charlottesville. This morning Allen Armentrout  showed up in CSA uniform carrying a rifle.
We can't look the other way walk by or stay silent.  We ALL must be vigilant on this
Well said
Ya mean like Fox News, right wing radio, voter suppression, gerrymandering, cop violence? I care a bunch but the power lies with you!
So what laws did you make write; what Racist prosecutors did you go after  to help fight against this?  Please remind us @KamalaHarris .
Tell your friends in Congress
Isn't discrimination based on identities? You trade in identity politics which is core to discrimination. You are the outrage! Resign! 
Now!
"if only there were fewer identities we white racists wouldn't have to discriminate so much"




Well then!
I don't know how anyone listens to @SenKamalaHarris about discrimination, when she helped push some of the most bogus laws in Cali right now
Exactly  I live this and witness it every day thanks to TRUMP WHO GAVE THEM THE GREEN LIGHT.
true. it's always there lingering in the shadows ....it never left..
Yeah like the @HISTORY channel constantly playing nazi programs over and over.
We can no longer be silent and  accept the racism in our country. The diversity of our country should be celebrated, not "tolerated".
DIVERSITY IS STRENGTH !!!!
At minimum
Why aren't you calling out trump and his cabinet?
A statement of education Senator, well said and has been heard here.
And we have to start with the discrimination in the White House
Thank you, @SenKamalaHarris. A consistent voice of thoughtful reason and calm.
But ending a life is ok. Discrimination against a father is ok. Just as long as it's on your terms.
Everyday discrimination originates in The White House~! #Bannon, #Miller, & the 2 #GorkaNazi's have to go~!~
@MsKamala2020 @MSNBC @CNN
That includes prison labor for profit and prosecutorial discretion as to not prosecuting banksters. You're a hypocrite of the highest order.
I do care and I never pass up anyone getting ugly. What can I do? This is so bad and I want to do my part!
I work & live sit by side with people from around the globe. I consider myself rich to stand next to them
@PastorAndrewMcH @mitchellreports @JoyAnnReid @LawyerRogelio @ResistanceParty @DNC #RNC @CNN @FoxNews @USATODAY @nytimes @washingtonpost
.@SenKamalaHarris RT We MUST call out all the racists in the White House. #IMPEACHTRUMP
If you are outraged by Charlottesville then you have to be outraged by political violence on "all sides".
Please say NO to white supremacist rally Aug 26 in San Francisco!
http://www.sfexaminer.com/white-supremacist-patriot-rally-coming-san-francisco-counter-protest-already-planned/ … #Charlottesville #SanFrancisco #WhiteSupremacists
Nancy, I'm not sure what you mean, but you do know free speech is not up for a vote, right?
http://thehill.com/policy/cybersecurity/346544-dreamhost-claims-doj-requesting-info-on-visitors-to-anti-trump-website … Let's start with DOJ discrimination against Citizen Patriots.
Of the reports of the KKK intends on disrupting Heather Hayer's funeral. That must be stopped.
Have you called out the left for their share of the blame in #Charlottesville Kami?
Unless you do you are tacitly condoning their violence..
Arpaio pardon won't do that. Strong signal that civil rights don't matter
Injustice against one = injustice to ALL. We are BETTER than this.  Someone please reset that "moral" compass in DC.  OATH to CONSTITUTION!
You're exactly right, Senator Harris. We can't get complacent and take things for granted. Please consider running for President in 2020.
And get @Sebago Miller, and Bannon off of the federal payroll. #FireBannonGorkaMiller
Do you suppose Trump had the decency to call the mother of Heather Heyer and offer condolences on the death of her child?
i'm positive he didn't
Truth. This sunny-day-activism we've become complacent with doesn't do anybody any favors, save for a few fragile white egos.
We're all outraged Bcoz violence could have been prevented. R U prepared to monitor D AG & FBI or VA Gov & Mayor Y
YES, your tweet (notification) 11:04am CT just now Sen. Kamala Harris , also being your acknowledgment my previous tweet. DREAM ACT, (Family
This is the bigotry that my son experiences everyday. Imagine having 2 sell a car because you get stopped everyday. Heartbreaking & scarey.
We do. Please remove white supremacists from White House.
Then maybe we should stop the affirmative action racism that is currently being used against white people that are more qualified of jobs.
It starts with Steve Bannon, Steve Miller, and Seb Gorka.
we need an EEOC that can actually DO SOMETHING about blatant discriminatory employment ads
EEOC doesn't have the resources or jurisdiction to be effective
All of the posts on my blog the EEOC can literally do nothing about it, I've asked just to send employers info about laws but NOPE
Liberals are Puppets of George Soros. He calls the shots. Pays the Thugs - BLM & Antifa to demonstrate carry sticks and baseball bats. (con
Democrats are the party that started the KKK. Don't lie about it. Democrats have nothing but hate. Democrats have no vision or policy (cont
EVERY SINGLE PERSON WHO BATTERED SHOULD BE ARRESTED. SOMEHOW I HAVE NO FAITH IN SESSIONS.  NOTHING WILL HAPPEN. DENDRE SHOULD SUE! BIGTIME.
The Left is perpetually outraged and offended. No platform. And why you lost historically in 2016.
http://www.thisisdiscrimination.com 
an yet, so far, silence from Legislators on promoting impeachment proceedings ....
Did u see @realDonaldTrump threaten @CNN reporter using a train in lieu of a car2run down reporter #Charlottesville ? He threatened2run down
True. It shouldn't take death to open people's eyes, ears, hearts, and minds - there's a lot of good being done but we have a LONG way to go
REALLY good point.

A Republican who condemns 'obvious' racism (terrorism) IS NOT morally absolved if they still support 'subtle' racism (voter suppression).
Such is the GOP! And trump IS the face of the Republican party/gop.  Horrible HORRIFIC REPRESENTATIVE of our country & our people! Thanx GOP
In #FrederickCoVa citizens are right now being shot at&threatened by racist neo nazis. Happening now.
Hear, hear. #Charlottesville is just a speck in our racist history
Im not only outraged but I heard white nationalist got a permit to protest at Chrissy Field here in Ca! You need to stop that, Kamala!
How much more proof is needed?
