lets give them green cards
I'm sorry for the white folks but daca is here to stay !! Sorry ..really from the bottom of my heart
people break laws that are stupid. like weed smoking
I went to the ATM machine. 3 guys were shooting up. One of them apologized and got out of the way so I can get money
We are a country of laws and citizens - If we don't hold to our laws, we are a lawless society. The citizenry decides who comes to live w/us
Identify part of the law that states that children must be targeted to be taken away from their lives to be sent to countries they dont know
Since there is no law stating that the DACA kids will be deported - AND since Trump himself tweeted they won't be, then I can't do that.
So what was your point about following law if #Daca was violating no law? See how you make no sense & why we know you have anterior reason
DACA's very existence violated the constitution as Obama did not go through Congress as is required. That's why Trump is giving Congress 6..
WRONG! President has always had discretion an how to administrate immigration law, including emphasis. Just like Trump emphasis on criminals
Yes, by that explanation, Trump has every right to end the program, but couldn't do that if the DREAMERS Act gets legislated.
Canada supports DACA 
Haha you should try to live in Canada illegally
Canada is in the works to take up to 30000 DACA. I would wager more. You have some fine skilled workers that might be tossed to the wolves.
You should try to immigrate to Canada illegally
You're a Bernie soldier.
Is that an insult in Trumplandia? That's like telling someone they are compassionate and open minded.
@Scavino45 @POTUS American Citizens First! Stop making this Political; just follow the laws on the books and constitution, PERIOD
@KamalaHarris doesn't care about the American Citizens or the children; she stoled the Senate Seat with lies
Actually it should make Congress look in the mirror & ask why they can't do their jobs & pass meaningful legislation instead of excuses 24/7
Not a fan of illegal immigration tbh
Apparently you disagree with Bill Clinton and Obama. They both declared us to be a nation of laws. Guess not, if you have your way.
Obama signed the #DACA Executive Order so your point is wrong.
He also said I have no authority to do this
Unfortunately, electing Trump should have had us looking in the mirror. This is not the time for reflection, it's time for action
4 lies Sessions told about #DACA #DefendDACA
This is pure nonsense
We don't have to prove to anyone that this is a great country.


BUILD THE WALL SEND ILLEGALS BACK TO WHERE THEY CAME FROM!
ENFORCE THE LAW!
Let's just move on.
We are a country of LAWS, Harris. The laws are BACK. Thats why people voted for TRUMP! DESPERTARSE! Who paid you off?
would soldiers buried at Arlington cemetery gone to war know they were fighting for illegals? FN !
Some #DACA are current military or veterans so your point is mute.

There are 14 million American children that live in poverty. Meanwhile, Democrats are fighting for illegal aliens stealing public aide. 
Hey Kamala, Here's your precious hero & mentor Hillary! Check out what she has to say about DACA: https://mobile.twitter.com/sassygayrepub/status/906285857656659968/video/1 …
Hey Kamala! Might want to review what the leader of the Dems has to say about DACA https://mobile.twitter.com/LVNancy/status/906567846209085440/video/1 …
YOU REFUSED to answer this simple question.  I bet if it were about a GOPer, you'd answer!

#Hypocrites  #Liars
What about US citizens dreams? The ones you swore to represent? Makes no sense.
All they want is there votes that's all they care about it's so obvious!
Arrested & jailed for encouraging ILLEGAL activity. I a proud Veteran, love my country..obviously, you dont. Chew on THAT.
Then you want some of your fellow veterans deported because some #DACA have served and are serving in the U.S. military.
Fearful, hateful potus in political survival mode has incited violence, American terrorism since campaigning. USA under attack fr within USG
We can't all be loving like the DEMONCRAT BABY KILLERS!
Can't you just feel the LOVE!
You need to face the voters and tell why you didn't prosecute ONE WEST BANK. Please answer the question if you care about your credibility
Your refusal to address my question is extremely troubling. At least attempt an answer.
The kind of country we've always been. Remember this country was built off of the "Indian" genocide and African Slave Trade Holocaust.
Got videos of Schumer & HRC proclaiming DACA shd b TEMPORARY & NOT be used as amnesty since it would b illegal & unconstitutional HYPOCRITE!
And of those granted DACA how many had already committed felonies with fake SS# and documents?
Were the kind of country where BABY KILLING IS LEGAL!
So much compassion for CHILDREN!
One of laws,
We are a #NationOfLaws that allow more legal immigrants year over year than any other country. We already DO prove we are a good one. #geesh
Kamala Harris, the Kim Kardashian of the Senate. Famous for being.....
So, you don't believe we should follow the US constitution?
How iroinic the the law makers are breaking the laws they passed.
Trump has shown that the GOP establishment has been in bed with the Democrats. Ex. Bush and Obama are suing Trump. Who would have thought.
Why didn't dems immigration reform when they had a SUPER MAJORITY!
Because they don't care!
My mom immigrated.
She did so legally.
She "Did it right"
They treated us like crap anyway
Well go back where you came from IF IT WAS SO GREAT!
If only they we're all Canadian then it would be ok..it's what Trump's supporter s would say..pure bigotry at its finest!!
DACA/DREMRS n action-MEXICAN RACIEST group San Diego's Chicano Park  attacks white's eating  http://www.sandiegouniontribune.com/news/public-safety/sd-me-chicano-park-20170903-story.html …  …
@realDonaldTrump I AM SORRY MR PRESIDENT THAT OUR GREAT USA LEADERS WANT TO PUT VETERANS BEHIND DACA, SO VERY SAD TO SEE USA HOMELESS VETS
I live in LA & see what amnesty wrought over decades. Not good. Dems in Congress need 2 stop this mess, not make it easier. #NoDREAMDACA4me
DREAM DACA and similar giveaways is y ppl will hate immigrants/ppl of color. It's the anger over being fleeced, not xenophobia.
Y should we work hard 4 our families PLUS have 2 pay 4 illegal families? Not my responsibility! Don't lay that on Americans. #NoDREAMDACA4me
I doubt u personally read tweets, but hopefully aides tell u that Americans don't agree w/ DACA &DREAM. No more amnesty.  #NoDREAMDACA4Me
It is the funding of nonAmericans that got Trump voted in. Americans are tired of paying for illegal populace. I say send them all home.
No, let's not. This kind of giveaway is what makes me want to leave Dem Party to go Independent. Stop giving to nonAmericans! Enuf!
A country of laws, not a country of executive orders
We are a nation of laws!!!
Lawful one?
Yep. We should see the we are a country of laws. These people are criminals and should be dealt with. I agree. Let's look in the mirror.
If your parents sneak you into Disneyland without paying, is it Disneylands fault when you get booted or you parents?

Eighty-four hospitals across California have already been forced to close because of unpaid bills by illegal aliens. 
kamala Harris the future of the DEMONCRATS BABY KILLERS!
SEND THOSE CRIMINALS PACKING OR PUT THEM IN PRISON WITH THERE CRIMINAL PARENTS!
Weren't we good when nearly 1,000,000 died fighting a war over slavery?
Aren't we good because we have given $25 trillion to the poor since the 60's?
yes
Weren't we good when we overcame communism, Nazi Germany and Imperial Japan, or do we only qualify if the "Dream Act" passes?
What kind of country has a president (Obama) that knowingly lies to the country regarding the death of a U.S. ambassador (Chris Stevens)?
What kind of country confers more rights upon illegal aliens than lawful citizens?
What kind of country has a presidential candidate (Hillary Clinton) who knowingly violates the Espionage Act repeatedly.
What kind of country has senators like you who want to deny lawful citizens due process?
Yes, what kind of country has a president (Obama) that knowingly violates the law?
Check out @USAAssociation’s Tweet:
When Hillary advocated deporting Illegal Immigrant children
"Just bc your child gets across the border, doesn't mean the child gets to stay" 
You’ve had years to ask & answer that question since it’s #Congress’ job to responsibly reform and immigration law.
Dreamers are exponentially valuable making any country proud to call them part of their bright future. Don't squander an opportunity.
Well said Senator.
It just another way for Democrats to get new voters.
I looked in the mirror and saw we were heading down the road to communism by allowing executive branch to make unconstitutional orders.
we're a good country--#trump's the bad hombre.
Obama could of done this when he had complete control. He did nothing. Does that make him a bad one?
We are a country built on immigrants! We need to protect the #dreamers
This should not be a partisan issue. This is justice and they are the what about legal we all should understand
Link passage of the Dream Act with:  1) serious border security   2) elimination of chain migration.  Doesn't that make sense?
2020 ticket: You and Corey Booker.
Two baby killers on one ticket!
Protect our children not illegals!
Yes, please! I love your America, @SenKamalaHarris. Thank you for protecting and fighting for it!
If we were so good we wouldn't have elected @realDonaldTrump
And you, please run for president in 2020.
Make it happen.
Let's focus on the fixing the immigration system then a lot people including DACA will benefit from it.
My hope is all these horrible disasters will help pull together and unite ppl to be good & begin to fix  DACA,instituting Gun control
I think (hope) you and @laws_dexter are correct.
Not true sorry! Electing Trump is what we needed, unfortunately! He has exposed the hiprocracy, the racism, the inequality in our country!!
Bravo!! I wonder how many DOCA'S are out there who qualify and not counted? Pass a Bill to capture all and then reform immigration!
How about Native Americans don't forget them!
U all are looking through glass & can't see through it. Wake y'all FAU in force the laws of the land. Dems. Stop illegal voter registration
It has caught up with u and we are not going to allow it to happen anymore. Obey the law of the land or GTFO. It's time to jail Democrats.
People like YOU (Career Politician) should be ashamed of yourselves for encouraging ILLEGAL ALIENS to break the law. You should ne
Virtue signaling dems want to keep their voters.
No chance
I would really appreciate it if you would step up and call the revocation of DACA as GENOCIDE.
do you know why media is not reporting genocide in Burma ?
A country that's been taken over by a pathological liar working with Putin to destroy our democracy
from 300,000,000 to 300,000,001 people. Like single-payer, let's say what we really want. Citizenship for #DREAMers
LIKE JAIL FOR CRIMINALS!
What kind of country are we? We are an OCCUPIED county. Way past time to do something about this ongoing active destabilization op
Yes, agree. However, the DACA recipients who break laws, repeatedly should be deported.
They already are. 2000 former DACA recipients have broken the law & they are all either in jail prior to deportation or already deported.
Are you kidding. Really?????
Let's look at what kind of state we've become shall we?
Laws, immigration? What laws?
how abt the Dreams of American children that need help! stop pandering2 ur illegal base! DACA is unconstitutional-Obozo said it himself!
I so admire your leadership. Thank you so very much for your service ..  Mrs. Shero..
We are counting on our government to do just that.
The #DNCfraudLawsuit should make us look in the mirror & ask, "What kind of Banana Republic are we?"
Destroy duopoly & prove we aren't one.
That's right girl
I agree but that's not the only question that should be ask. Disappointed in the way fellow Americans think. Not all of course but many
Some rough realizations over the past year. Been hard; you're not alone.
Very disappointing in my fellow man
Me too
We are a country of laws...   that's what we are.  Your job, in case you forgot is to be a law maker.
That's not enough to prove anything tbh
Please run In 2020! Platform: Fight gender pay gap, white privilege, pronouns, statues, , men, families, Hitler, & ghosts. Waters 4 VP
It seems 45 in good mood working w/Dems, keep going. Maybe get all thru- healthcare, wages, DACA, real tax relief 4 low/mid class, etc
I wosh I could make congress read Matthew 25:35-45
The kind of country that has laws. Stop using immigrants, legal and illegal to push your agenda.
We don't need to build a wall. We need to place a mirror so we can look at ourselves.
Pass it unanimously with no hidden agenda, no strings and no way to repeal. That's what I'm rooting for! #DefendDACA #DreamAct
Not the way Washington works.

We are a Law and Order kind of country. Y'all couldn't pass that abortion back in 2010. No way it passes now.
The US is a country with Borders and Laws! 
If you are in the US Illegally you are a Criminal and must leave immediately!!!  Thanks!!!!
I like ya... But start worrying about Hurricane Irma. Give it a rest for a while. This is why democrats have been taking it on the chin.
HECK NO!! That's just putting up a VACANCY sign directly on the border, where the WALL should be!

1986=4 Million
2017=11-30 Million
2050=?!
Sen. Harris and the rest  of the radical leftist in Congress are so transparent in their support of illegal aliens. Voter base!
Radical Leftist is the name of my race horse.
American values are slipping away day by day.
just like our jobs, wages, property, and privacy rights. But corporations aren't concerned about citizens losing any of that "stuff".
Mrs. Harris if you? Jr this is not the first time they had met before June 2016, I had said about 3 month ago it probably was in Russia
A country of laws, not presidential fiat...regardless of party. I support the effort to codify dream act by law.
I agree with you  pass daca now !!!
Uhm. We R acountry of laws,made by Congress.Get cliff notes of the Constitution honey. you are sworn to uphold it, maybe u should learn it
Can we call it something else? DREAM makes me think it's a disguised nasty piece of legislation.
Wall first, then we'll talk amnesty
I went a step further and looked at YouTube.  https://youtu.be/Y7HpUrT20m4 . I wonder why you didn't complain when he said that?
The answer is simple. We are a nation of laws. And it's about time we enforce those laws!
You, Sen Harris, should look at us and answer the question "Why are you focusing your priority on illegal aliens over legal citizens?"
Also, you can tell yourself that you've the ability to do more than one thing at a time. You can care about citizens AND aliens.
Sen Harris priority should be to pass laws for legal citizens.  Haven't heard any proposal for healthcare, the Wall, infrastructure, tax..
Why would she make a proposal for the wall? Has she propose anything for DACA at the expense of any other thing? There are 99 other senators
Oh, and she is doing something with healthcare. Also https://www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/browse?sponsor=412678 …
I went to the govtrack website.  You proved my point.  Sen Harris is doing nothing for healthcare, infrastructure, the wall, tax reduction..
we are a country of laws and we want to keep it that way
6:13pm.CT  FOX SPORTS (Bay Area)  Pregame  Show, @MLB Game  @SFGiants vs @WhiteSox Chicago, @SenKamalaHarris, Watching Now
7:00pm CT. @MLB Game @SFGiants vs @WhiteSox Chicago , Game Time, First Pitch  7:10pmCT.  @SenKamalaHarris,
10:23pm CT. #ShoNext ch. (PPV) Movie:FEAR,  @SenKamalaHarris, FINAL @MLB GAME  @SFGiants 9(W) vs @WhiteSox 2(L)
10:50pm CT @HBO_zone Movie: NOCTURNAL ANIMALS , @SenKamalaHarris
12:45am @HBO_zone Movie: BEDROOM EYES, @SenKamalaHarris
Many of our politicians seem to have lost the spirit and goodheartedness of The Greatest Generation. I'm glad you are fighting for it!
The Country Is As Good As Its Leader! He CREATED This HOT MESS!
The kind of country that lets the political system get out of the control of the people and in the hands of Corporate Money.
Let's prove that we are a country with the rule of law not the rule of sympathy.
Then do it.  Stop talking and coddling BLM and act like a REAL Senator
You know it just hit me Senator; you have 16 year high school girl managing you twitter account. Motherhood and Apple Pie all day long!


A Mother And Daughter Being Radiation Poisoned On Superfund Site Treasure Island. Why Aren't You Evacuating Your Constituents?

Yes!


You Not Evacuating Your Constituents From Superfund Site Treasure Island Should Make You Look In A Mirror And Ask Who Am I. Hard Heart.
I don't need a mirror to know that everything the trump regime does is with the intent to hurt America.  I stand with Dreamers and all of us
How is enforcing laws hurting #America?
Seriously!
Law and order not feelgood liberal emotional crap. But then you don't know a thing about laws
#iagree
We're a land of immigrants... including the founding fathers!  the Native Americans didn't put restrictions on them #resist @OccupyDemocrats
told you before, this is a police state now. And your party is harboring the nazis.
#KamalaBomaye!!!!!
Answer....A constitutional republic...and it's great...again!
Please run for president.
Yes becauseI want Trump to win again
Yes!
I am a CA native & infuriated to learn CA has 53 lawmakers that for the past 30 yrs ignored IMMAGRATION REFORM! Now U holler fowl; not cool!
Stop making it about emotions and morals. They are subjective and hold no intelligence.
I was born in Los Angeles; raised in Huntington Bch. I am 50 yrs old and now see how POLITICIANS hurt or help our daily lives/it is HURTFUL!
Perfect gif for this topic.
What part of 'it's not legal don't you understand '?
We can stop penalizing things that do not harm anyone - such as undocumented immigration.

And you might not 'splain the law to Sen. Harris.
The #DREAMAct would grant undocumented immigrants covered by DACA permanent residency & ways to obtain citizenship: https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/senate-bill/1615/text ….
Don't try to defend persecuting 800,000 US resident who have done _nothing_ wrong.  And tell Congress to enact the #DREAMAct.
If the parents of these DACA children made a mistake seeking a better SURVIVAL these kids should not have to pay.  #DefendDACA
6 million illegal aliens were granted amnesty & citizenship from 1986 to 2000. Plus over 20 million deported. We have a problem
University of California enrolls over 3700 illegal aliens each year yet they have to raise tuition costs cuz of over crowding. Who benefits?
"WE" are broken. "WE" still are in useless wars. "WE" still have crap healthcare. "WE" still have high taxes. "WE" have old infrastructure.
"For I was hungry and you gave me food... a stranger and you welcomed me"; Matthew 25:35
What would Jesus do? #DREAMERS
Will you please consider running for president?
With Kamala as President, this would happen.
Easy win for Trump if she does
#DefendDACA #DreamAct #Americaisalreadygreat #KamalaHarris
You should look in the mirror and see the face of corruption, because that's what is there.
Harris for 2020!
Easy win for Trump
We live under The New Republican Party
-Corruption-sexism-racism-treason 
We are the Big Tent Party
Only white males need apply

I agree Senator.
Love you mom
