The @WhiteHouse tax plan: 
Shut it down until we have answers re: Taitors running the government
It's kindling for a fire. Not a plan.
Been in the Senate for about 30 minutes and telling me what I need? No thanks.
what tax credentials do you have?
Rachels tax returns from Trump show he would have only saved 25 million dollars in taxes with his new plan. Hows a billionaire gonna cope
trump and entire family would benefit from his ridiculously informationdetails-lacking tax plan.
@rosekathleen99. Reagan..trickle down..failure. Bush..trickle down..failure.Trump..trickle down..gee what could happen?
Didn't Trump assure his voters that he'd RAISE taxes on the rich? Are their attention spans as short as his?
So a couple earning 50k/year doesn't pay taxes on first 24k, plus getting the child deduction isn't a tax break? What are you smoke'n???
@CNN @POTUS Tax plan is 12 bullet points for $18 trillion economy just so Trump can accomplish something in 100 days. Trump is a bad joke.
Democrats need to vote no on tax plan, and especially health care plan Trump is not a dictator, and unless he tries to get along impeachment
Chocolate milk out of water fountains. And a longer recess period!
Kamala you live in a multi-million dollar home chillout
She's been on the government dole for years! Corporations provide real jobs to real people. It will be a good thing to help the economy.
It's sad bro she only does it to get the vote of those not in the 1%!
The tax returns would provide the truth and we would not need an investigation to find out the truth!
President Trump gave his entire government salary to the Park's Department. Who are you giving your salary to?
As a California resident I urge you to Pass those Tax Cuts
I'll see a tax hike 4 my CA fam of 4 w/$106k AGI due to higher C.O.L.  A 15% tax jump from 50k to 100k NOT relief for my "middle class" fam!
More like the American Joke
How can WH propose tax reform without Congress and the American citizens knowing how the cuts may directly benefit @POTUS?
The Trump administration's inconsistent font use makes me want to scream.
No doubt it's yet another a shining example of Stephen Miller's graphic design skills.
Twenty-six seconds of Stephen Miller's student film about "jihad" is approximately the maximum survivable dose. 
Holy Crap - what the hell did I just see?
I'm looking for the Harris Fair Tax Plan....
BS, apparently you haven't read it. This is GREAT for the PEOPLE of the US. Vote for what's good for "we the people" not just to oppose Rep.
Another effort by Donald Trump to divert attention from the impending (Russian Connection) implosion of his presidency. Exposure happens.
Tax reform and economic growth are mutually exclusive. One will not effect the other. Trump hope the economy grows to pay for lost revenues
@SenateDems Will produce economic growth   How great POTUS is. Greatest ever
At this point the Tax bill is just a plan that the GOP is working on. Corporations provide jobs to people. Give them a lower rate is good!
Typical of the class warfare you &the other dems perpetuate. Here's another idea, how about we cut all the Senators salary in half to start?
Too bad he can't be impeached for continuing to hide whatever it is...he's a piece of work.
Bring back the 90% rate for those who make over 10 million.
"giveaway to corporations & those at the top"

Oh, so, people like you, and your sponsors, Ms. I get paid 200k annually from taxpayers?
This looks like a flyer someone shoved under a windshield wiper. The only thing missing is some comic sans.
...and Thank you for all your hard work Senator..
Can you guys subpoena his tax returns...maybe there is enough to indicate he needs to show them to the nation?
#Overturn2PopularVote Fr&SqAns Nullify NewAdmin&EC R UnethicalUnPatrioticUnfair&Unacceptable HRC1&UNOIT ValidateNr3MillMors WTP CHOSE HRC
It's Trump's Tinkle Down Economics .. Another Contract on America!
Terrible!
That's true and until we see his taxes, as all presidents should have to abide by, we'll never see the millions that he will save in 3 years
A subpeona might do the trick. 
#Trumprussia #ImpeachTrump #Resistance
Aren't tax plans also a little more .. I don't know, detailed?
When there is an income tax, the just man will pay more and the unjust less on the same amount of income-Plato
Tell all the Trump voters you know thank you
Approve the tax plan!
Comments made wow  ignorance, stupidity, nonsense, idiots etc. Puppets coño
It isnt even internally consistant: Bigger standard to avoid itemization, keep Mortgage interest deduction you have to itemize to get
Please stop the fake fancy talk manipulating, dividing the American people. Stop putting yous personal before the Tax payers need.
@ZekeJMiller @WhiteHouse It actually benefits small business owners &will reverse corporate inversions, bringing jobs home.
#TaxReturns
DOUBLING the standard deduction = good thing...Taxation is theft and Trump is taking less from the people- not surprised U R against it.
It's actually for small and medium businesses as well. Btw lying by omission is still a lie
You know, at this point 45 could pull the gold standard of tax plans to benefit middle/lower class out of his ass & I wouldn't believe it.
. So no deductions for the huge student loan interest?  Or medical bills costing more than home?
The lower tax brackets will probably make up for it if it's the same plan he spoke of during the campaign (Or was that Cruz's plan?)
Run me those returns! Lol!
Is this real. This couldn't be real.
Total giveaway to Big Bus and top 1%.  Why would anyone expect something different from the GOP!
And his uninformed  "base" doesn't have a clue... and doesn't want one.
@DantonGeorge1 #fdtrump
What are you doing to stop it? Nothing. #Fail #ShameOnYou #Resist #ImpeachTrump
@ungubunugu1274  Of course. Corporate WH. They don't hv to buy politicians, anymore. They took over.
How can this be stopped if I'm wrong no state tax means no or barely money for public school, roads, infrastructure.. why is this okay
I agree!!  Nothing until we see his returns!  This plan is especially sweet to his businesses 
I half expected it to be in crayon.
Thank you for holding this regime accountable for corruption and for working on the #TrumpRussia investigation.
Show me your tax returns
Trump's plan- no surprise-will benefit himself and his family. Now with Ivanka's 3 new patents in China -So corrupt!
This is a "tax Cut for Rich". Please name it properly.
Holding listening sessions with stake holders means to see what big business wants trump and congress to do so they can make more money.
Typical lies from the left.
The WH Tax Plan as written by the Sherrif of Nottingham.
#PresidentHarris will totally fix this in 2020! #KamalaIn2020
Let me ask. Will you take a 90% tax rate on your income? Do that first then push it on the American people. Be an example.
@MedPierre @ZekeJMiller As far as I can tell I will actually pay more taxes. Middle class beware. To be continued.....

President Trump's tax plan would cut taxes for individuals and businesses while simplifying our overly complex tax code! #MAGA
The trump tax reform list of give-aways would reduce Trump's 2005 taxes from $38M to $5M. Yours and mine would remain about the same.
It will benefit me and other Americans. Senator if tax returns were vital the founders would have made them a requirement. Grow up please
GE will go from 0% to 15% tax rate. Velocity of money is difficult for you to grasp. It's okay. You're only a lawyer and math is hard.
It's no giveaway. It's OUR money we earned! Which line item on DT tax return are U interested in? #KamalaSteepLearningCurve #DemsSoreLosers
@POTUS @WhiteHouse @VP @Stephenboyce SO SAD TO HEAR THE DEMS POUND THE SAME DRUM, REALLY PATHETIC IF YOU ASK ME.  IT'S LIKE THEY ARE STUPID!
Right distribution of Wealth is, unfortunately the small guy Biz was crushed by Obama socialist That why he got 2% growth if that . A Joke
This is a tax increase if you are middle class. By reducing the number of tax brackets many in the middle will see an increase!
Is...is this for real Is it supposed to be official cuz it has @WhiteHouse #clipart at the top
Junk in limited words!! There's no substance of anything here.
Every economist is in agreement this plan will increase growth, but this out of touch Democrat will resist and continue to hurt middle class
You're never getting the returns, no law says he has to release them so sorry but you're SOL
Not to mention doubling the National Debt.
Mmm that was Barry
Allied issue. SUPPORT SB562. Come out strongly for Single Payer. CA voter!
Thank you for persisting, @SenKamalaHarris
Of course, it doubles the standard deduction, but you probably need help comprehending that part of existing tax code.  #TaxPlan #TaxReform
WTF! This is insane @realDonaldTrump I don't know who the hell you think you are not to  release your taxes #trumprussia
Why not stop tweeting and do something about it?
Like maybe Trump's businesses? Hmm....
Says one of the people killing California.
far less than Obama's $1.3 billion giveaway to Iran in January 2017
After all thes years of demanding it?
It is a plan.
It is thier plan.
They know it makes poverty worse.
They don't care.
Says someone who's beating the crap out of us Californians with new taxes every day 
It's a Democratic tax plan, not a Republican one.  Wealthy still will pay a lot in taxes.
@ZekeJMiller @WhiteHouse like it or not the people at the top pay us if you tax them they charge us they stay rich
Yet you refused to indict that monster
The corporate giveaway was the plan all along
Giveaway to 
cOrporations & those at the 
toP
Make him want to release his taxes to prove he isn't gaming the tax code for himself.
Is this a plan? Plans have details - what, when, how, why . . . This is a list.
As stated in the press conference they're working out the details that is all they gave to everyone in the press conference room
Also, no you really don't. I get that you want them, but there's no requirement. Isn't that something you should be aware of?
You didn't even read it lol,Shows your from California!
"You're" & poor comma usage (Fun fact: Statistically it only takes 2 mistakes in a statement before the entire statement is disregarded)
Plus, youre right, it's not a plan. It's an outline for what they would like to see, not a final bill. What part is a give away?
No, you don't need those tax returns. There's no law saying he has to give them is there? This is pandering to your base, stop.
Did you not read the part about 3 brackets? And the percentage rates????
What did you expect from these clowns?
What a gorgeous lady! 
Doesn't even look like real WH stationary!
For people & businesses no deductions Tax reform $0 to $250k 0 tax $250 to $1m 5% tax $1m to $10m 10% tax $10m to 100M 15%tax $100m up 20%
No you don't and stop being so damn negative.
You find yourself struggling to control your victim mascots
Pres. Trumps Tax Reform Promise...Sen. Kamala Harris of CALIFORNIA
Pres.Trumps Plan-Outline  that make massive tax cuts to both small and big  businesses. As well he wants Jobs prosperity to the middleclass.
One simple question to trumpeters: how are you going to pay for your tax plan without mortgaging the future of our children?
What does that even mean? Ask a real question and you will get a real answer.
When the fed'l gov't collects record revenues yet still runs billions of $$$ in deficit, the problem is NOT that taxes are too high!
YESSSSSSS
Don't let this happen.
Tax returns are with HRC's 60k missing emails, Obama's college admission aps & transcripts.
I see you are a small business owner. Are you ok with no longer getting ANY deductions except mortgage interest and charitable cont.?
Why does it look like a WH dinner menu?
Or a high school essay outline.
YES
Meanwhile, CA has the #1, #2, #3, #4, & #7 highest state income tax rates under our all-Democrat "leadership." Yet, we'll STILL have deficit
Please, PLEASE do not let tax reform pass without DT's release of his taxes. We MUST see exactly how this benefits him.
getting rid of the deduction for state income and property taxes hurts middle class Californians.
How?
Making America Broke again, in more ways than one!
With you all the way @SenKamalaHarris
Trump probably on Putin's payroll. All of his income either foreign investments or screwing ppl like Trump U!
Trumped up trickle down Economics
You know it! No returns, no plan. #ReleaseTheReturns #TaxMarch
#ReleaseYourTaxes then we can talk you Feral Shouting Yam 
So-called "trickle down" economics provably doesn't work...rich people don't put it back in the economy, they sock it away.
Because poor people make our economy flourish? 36% of the population didn't pay fed taxes this year
Senator: do you think the tax returns will ever be released? Can they be legally compelled?
it looks like it was done by a 6th grader
A dimwitted 6th grader
