He should be removed, yes--and returned to his home of origin: a cage for corrupt and racist hamsters. Because Sessions IS a hamster. He is.
Aw don't drag innocent hamsters into this.
You are so right...my apologies to you and hamsters. i used to raise them and they deserve better fo' sho
OK! Sessions isn't a hamster. He's a racist elf. Apologies to those of you who love or used to raise elves. But Sessions is EVIL, right?
A-Men!!!  Single-celled organisms are safe for insults, eh?  We're good.  Sessions is borderline diabolical and definitely nefarious.
Naw. Let's clean WH starting with tossing Sessions ears first into the swamp.
Please keep reminding everyone.
Resign why? What laws has be broken? NONE.. You and the democrats don't like his politics.. PERIOD.
I am very concerned about his move to reinstate a policy of mass incarceration.
@nova1947 
2) names of those who voted for him, every time there's an election.
And I agree with you 100%
First, prosecute!
so if Trump fires Sessions your'e gonna freak like Comey
Kamala - please file complaint against Sessions with Alabama State Bar.  I will also, even though it means I may have to travel to Alabama.
.@EPAScottPruitt also lied to Congress.
Why?  Give me a good reason and I'll support you.  Just because you don't like the guy is not a reason
We are being railroaded Sessions recused himself from Russian investigations this is a DICTATOR GONE MAD!!! Threatened Comey hope has tapes
@JeffSession RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN REDIGN REDIGN RESIGN REDIGN
@bannerite He should be fired/removed from office. Why r Dems silent on perjury?Some Dems voted for him.FIX IT!
/never should have been hired
I think you're 100% right!  Thank you for representing us with brains and ethical reason.
@MaRobbie Kamala for #POTUS!
And we stand with you.
Will take that, though would MUCH prefer to see him removed from office w/out dignity of resig - perjury should have consequences.
I concur. He is not fit just like the POS in the WH. The whole administration needs to go away in cuffs for treasonable acts.
How did he even get confirmed? He should crawl back into his 1840s life where his racism and hatred of poor people was acceptable
@nova1947 
1) He should, probably for more reasons than one. He is detrimental to everything and everyone. Will revisit
I stand by what you said.
Sessions was put into Justice Dept not to uphold justice but dampen investigations into trump's ties & businesses. That is obvious.
Thank you!
First perjury, now violating his recusal.  Aside from him being a regressive racist who won't protect civil liberties, yeah, he's gotta go.
Senator what concerns me is #ChronicPain sufferers who don't take opioids can be arrested for using #medicalmarijana legal in their states.
And you have the correct vote to prove it. Stay strong Ms. Harris. I voted for you & I support you for how you are representing Californians
He should go to prison for lying under oath.
There will NEVER be any confidence in the DOJ as long as senile, slippery Sessions swims in the swamp
We are past resignation @SenKamalaHarris, jail is now the proper outcome for the AG
@magicdmw 
Well I say he should drop dead, but ok.
Love that you're there, speaking OUR mind.
America has NO confidence in @jeffsessions ability to lead the DOJ. He is corrupt and compromised. #sessionsneedstoresign
Thank you #SenatorHarris for supporting your constituents, not your personal interests
All should go in one fashion or another .... not 1 competent person in the bunch
but yet you were alright with the way lynch and holder did their job. How double standard for someone in congress.
He never should've been confirmed.
Yesssssss!!!!!
thank you - please encourage your counterparts in the senate to speak up
...it's that southern accent! they charm us e'erytime, thus his confirmation!
Especially now!
If by "resign" you mean "tarred and feathered and ridden out on a rail" then sure - he should resign.
He should be arrested!
Let's wait until he's indicted first. More fun
Oh and guess what...you now have an admission of GUILT!
#TrumpRussia #ArrestHimToday
write to his governing body to have his license revoked!
#Obstruction #Collusion #Liedunderoath #Sessions
He should be in jail.
Agreed!
You say a lot of things.
Disbarred and hung.
can we get him disbarred?
Thank you, Kamala, for your continued stance in support of the Constitution and our Democracy. I am proud of you as California's Senator.
Let's hope there is a line forming.
Thank you for your continued efforts on this!
He is so hateful! He now is changing mandatory sentencing because he &a buds own prisons and want to suppress voters!
Concur
I support mandatory maximum federal sentences for members of the Trump administration.
Jeff Sessions should be impeached, convicted, & jailed.
@LouiseMensch and not pass GO, not collect $200 and go directly to JAIL
Thank you Senator Harris. Please keep pushing this.
Why would one of the key players in the conspiracy resign? After he illegally stops the investigations, Trump will just pardon him
Absolutely agree. Thanks for standing by this.
I agree. Never liked him. Too old too racist. No room for that anymore
The Dems who voted for him should be ashamed. We were warned!
Now more than ever their ALL standing in the way of the invest moving forward w their lies & shenanigans its obvious trump is hiding SOMETHG
His push for harsh sentencing on non-violent drug crimes targets the poor & minorities. Help$ the private prison industry to boot.
It also removes voters.
Which is the whole idea. Look at Florida. Felons essentially can't vote in FL, even reformed ones..for life. Hundreds of thousands of votes.
Don't know what our chances are, but we're trying to change that:
. Yes he lied. How can we trust him with the enforcement of the national law?
Yes. Yes he should.
Thank you!!! Yes!!!!
Resign?! He should go back to Middle Earth!
Thank you for speaking out Senator.
Thank you and please keep pushing. #Trumprussia #ImpeachTrump
Pleeez make that happen! I watched u 2day,u asked all the right questions! So proud u rep  California '
That's one of the many reasons you have my vote 
Do something
I totally agree!
I agree. Either that or he needs to be vaporized by a meteor. One or the other.
@POTUS should resign.
Senator, can you file a motion to begin impeachment proceedings?
What's up with these DJT loyalty pledges from staff?  Does the loyalty pledge trump the pledge to US Constitution?  PLS  INVESTIGATE
Thank you.
Stupid lady Comey was not single handedly investigating Russia. He had a team around him. The investigation continues.
I voted for you. Thank you for backing me
@ArkansasBlog sessions should go to jail. Liars crooks traitors #resisttrump
I'm from Alabama, and I have a complaint. It won't let me  this but one time! 
No one cares what you have to say !
#FireSessions aka Ass Clown
We support you. Keep up the pressure #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
Absolutely.
He perjured himself, recused himself on Trump Russia&Clinton the Comey deal involved both.  Bar should start inves.regarding his law license
Agree 100%!
These folks don't believe in resigning. I thought you all would have figured that out by now. It's the Apprentice effect. You're fired works
Most definitely.
YES! My first EVER call to a rep was saying the exact same thing!!!!!!!!!
He was the worst choice that could have been made. Between sessions and devos it's hard to know which will set us back further
Agreed! How do you MAKE that happen?!?
The entire @GOP should resign & then @Schwarzenegger can come in & rebuild from scorched Earth up.
And we stand by you!!!! Thank you Sen. 
@SenKamalaHarris I'm sure tweeting that should definitely get it done.
THANK YOU!  America is in a crisis. Please help.
Harris is a communist, globalist, post modernist, and does not have CA citizens best interest in her heart.
@SenKamalaHarris As your constituent, what actions are you taking to make this happen? Where do you stand on independent prosecutor?
Please keep on it - if they hear it over and over again, maybe they will finally listen. And thanks for your service!
Agree 100% Senator!
I stand by what I said in February YOU should resign
Agreed. He's lied under oath. Thank you for your leadership, @SenKamalaHarris.
He should have never been confirmed
Time to get Reasonable GOP senators on the bus with that.
If Sessions in fact , did renege on his srlf-recusal, that would be the honorable way out, resign! Don't hold your breath for honorable !
And so should you!
 keep on fighting for us Senator Harris !  Sessions should've never been AG 
Yes! He has a  terrible history.

He should never have been appointed.
1950's throw back proud bigot.
#RednecksDieHard
I stand by what l always say & you should be quiet!
You haven't a clue to what you are propagandizing. Socialism has been destroying this country via the wolves in sheeps clothing. Et tu.
He's a liar too.
Thank you!!
Yes yes yes yes yes and ... yes!!!
Could agree with you more!
Sessions should resign and lose his law license.
Stop with the partisanship, get to work on the healthcare bill,protecting the borders! Start doing the people's business& Stop wasting time!
YOU SHOULD RESIGN!!
I stand with you on that, Senator. AG Sessions must resign now.
The AG is a disgrace.
A little early to start your 2020 campaign for President isn't it Kamala.  Freshman Senator and now - KNOWS IT ALL how 2 B a partisan
Rise up Mrs Harris great respect for your career so far counting on you to take up these challenges to our democracy and lead us to victory
Can you file a claim against him with the bar he is corrupt, needs to  be disbarred.
Great interview today on @jaketapper !
Senator.....you mean the Grand Wizard??
In other words to recuse himself is not enough; though before Jeff Sessions appointment to AG;  he was haunted by the past ; I believe......
and was not viewed at fairly nor given fair treatment,,every person deserves a second chance. You have always been an Attorney.Sen.Harris
Nah he is following the Holder standard so still has one contempt of congress,bury gun running to the Cartel, give IRS pass target Libs
No, he sould be impeached
He should be fired
The entire Executive Branch needs to go.
Why? He has courage to go after corruption.  Ask yourself why you support corruption!
Totally agree! He should never have been confirmed. #Sessions #TrumpRussia
You are spot on!   I'm surprised more Senators r'nt demanding that #SessionsMustResign !  @CNN @maddow @FBI @StephenAtHome
His "Oh, GEE GOLLY" persona is sickening-Personal agenda Bigotry-Corruption not surprising-Blatantly abusing power & ignoring his recusal
The evil elf needs to go, can't even stay out of an FBI investigation he recused himself from plus he's a liar
Letter is proof he didn't recusehimself and instead gave recommendation to fire. He needs to resign #SessionsMustResign
Yes! He lied under oath. #gethimout
Yeah Beauregard. Outta here
Let's be real, he never should have passed the vote in the Senate
Sessions being prosecuted would be fine too.
You, ma'am, did the BEST and most clear job of questioning today! Thank you for being strong!
No he needs to stay. Do u personally know him or u are just going off what the others are saying. Trying to make a name for self
Agree. Should never have been confirmed. So appreciate my CA senators.
CA Politicians are THE WORST Ever!  #justaskthefarmers
Everyone is certainly allowed their own opinions. The two women senators dovetail my politics.
Some of them screwed us in the Central Valley for our water #putsmeltoverppl
A man utterly unfit to serve as the top law enforcer for all Americans.
I am glad you are my senator. I listened to your interview on pod save America. Keep fighting and try to feinstein to represent the people
He should have NEVER been confirmed.
Please get your colleagues  to push this issue. He is the most dangerous man in the WH. He lied under oath, he has not recused himself.
We agree!
Jeff Sessions shouldn't have been approved in the first place. Not your fault there - your cowardly GOP co-workers are.
Most of America didn't want him in the first place
In disgrace
WHAT R U doing about this? YES he should go along with #impeachTrumpnow #resist #indivisible
AMEN TO THAT!
We agree!
Yes
He should be removed.
