That's called an agenda...and belongs noplace near our system of justice. Impartiality and FOLLOWING THE LAW would be nice.
WITH YOUR COMMUNIST AGENDA! GO TO RUSSIA MA'AM WE DON'T NEED COMMUNIST IDEOLOGIES TO UNDERMINE OUR FREEDOMS! YOU CAN KEEP IT TO YOURSELF!
Progressives are evil.
That's an awful idea
Don't you get it? Progressive lawyers mean people like @SenKamalaHarris & terrorists & illegals get free ride while CITIZENS go hungry.
Kamala
Lol, I know. I was just trying to be funny. Sorry.
Actually what we really need is honesty in our Senators and not ones that funnel $100,000.00 into another Senators account like you have!
How is the lawsuit against you going?
Also, Maxine is looking for more money.
Maybe you should be cleaning your own house.
You are just another lousy corrupt politician that thinks she is above the law.
Secretary of State also an important position! Judges etc. People! Need to know how to Vote down the Ticket and not just Presidential years!
Better tell Willie Brown to stop helping make you a bigger embarrassment.
So much for maintaining the lie that the justice system is fair and impartial ... You are partisan and political, and call for more  ...
spotlight is for entertainment !
@GabbyyEscalante we tried :(
Maybe ones that advance by fucking thier bosses... Like Old Willie
Forward to what? Communism right?
Calling progressives "communists" is just as bad as calling conservatives "fascists"
You obviously don't know anything about progressivism. Have you ever asked yourself: What are you progressing to? When will you get there?
or asked: Who gets to decide what constitutes 'progress'?
Sorry, I always get persecution and prosecution confused.  They are spelled so much alike and you seem to exercise them both simultaneously.
We need those in office who will not just go along with a liar even if said liar is connected to the party they represent. #Think change
OK, I get it. I was wondering whose side you were on.
We need prosecutors who can follow the rule of law based on the case at hand w/out biases against the defendants based on external factors.
Oh Kamala, how is that progressive policy working for you. Now we know what your doing with Maxine.
You are a big liberal bully and full of hate. What's going on in your world?
Last thing we need is more public servants who only enforce or follow laws they happen to like.
Elect progressive *criminal justice professionals.
Keep up the good work please , from a follower in Wisconsin .
Did you really pay Maxine Waters 63k for endorsements? If so, why?
Do you have two twitter accounts?
#CitizensUnited
change makes sense when it betters us as a nation. Change that leads us in the wrong direction is pernicious! We the people do not need it!
Oh yea we more snowflake and buttercup prosecutors to release more criminal back out into the public like what's been happening. NOT!!
Yup, let's trust progressive candidates like Kamala.

https://twitter.com/Pamela_Moore13/status/875887330904559616 …
prosecutors for this?
https://twitter.com/Pamela_Moore13/status/875887330904559616 …
Amen.
They removed God, trying to remove Oath as it appears now.  They take oath and still lie! No passion for the Job or commitment made. Lawless
They took away God,  now they are going after Oath,  especially the way our top officials keep lying. No committed prosecutors? Scared?
oh hell no, you're on your way out.
Progressives are a cancer to our Nation and DO NOT represent or values.
Is this the man you were so fiercely defending against a such a "dangerous enemy"? Intelligence Committee or token?

http://www.dcstatesman.com/robert-mueller-worked-democratic-group-tied-obama/ …
We need to make sure no one like you ever gets elected again!  You are despicable!
Who is this we you are referring? According to the law of this land it is YOU who swore an oath to uphold the Constitution & bound to it.
And the LAW of this land is designed to protect the citizens against usurpers in office acting in sedition. High penalty for such an offense
Extremism in ideology has not worked out so well in the past. Study & carefully consider who we are under the Declaration of Independence
And the Constitution was enacted to enforce the constraint of the govt to restrict our right given to us by the Dec of Ind. Choose this day
whom you will serve. You have what it takes to take it as far as you'll fight. who's side are you on? Remember the Oath you swore unto.
Sedition is a serious offense under the laws of this land. The Constitution restrains you from even suggesting such ideals, to overthrow
the Republic with extremist views. Under the NDAA language, you could be detained indefinitely. Maybe time for change, yes. #Truth #Justice
Can't we drop the term "progressive"? I associate it with Sanders, the BernieBros and all that is inimical to Democrats.
That's where they should be so their influence ends at drunks, and drug abusers.  The cult of progressivism is on its way out.
We need to fill all the elected positions with progressives especially with women!
This is anothe grand stand statement from Kamala. What pray tell is a progressive prosecutor? Do they make up their own laws along the way?
Prosecutors seek the truth & enforce laws enacted by elected officials.   If you want something different change the law not the prosecutors
What a lovely sound "Trump takes over Washington."
Justice won't be blind then, will it.
You're a fool to want anything less than equal justice! Politicization of judicial system is tyranny dummy.
How about prosecutors that follow the law!!  I'm sure that's what you meant Ms Harris.
Sure, Sen. Harris...but how do we fix juries who ignore video evidence and refuse to convict?
Prosecutors can make it impossible for jurors to come up with a righteous verdict So, control the Prosecutorsvote them or offices
While I agree about prosecuting bad cops, I must add they are few and far between as the justice departments have shown to be the case!!
Smh always the race card and no facts
Excellent, the people should control our judicial system in order for our voices to be heard, the threat treat of removaltaste good
Are you trying to stack the court? Thats illegal and you should be investagated ASAP. Calling for your resignation.
Bye, bye Obummer appointees
Just, stop pretending you're a progressive...
Kamala... be sure to have John Legend perform at your inauguration concert. He was BRILLIANT for President Obama's in 2009 !
NYS has got your back, Ms. Harris. Especially since Trump isn't living in our state any more! My spouse and I are sending you good wishes.
Midwest represented here.  You are the "brave" and "call-it-as-is" we SHOULD have in government!
What is a progressive prosecutor?  Someone who bends the law to suit their views vs following law! #Cuba #maga @SenTomCotton #shadowcabinet
Smart prosecutors like kamala harris who protected crooked prosecutors - ur a hypocrite
We need prosecutors who have no political agenda
The law shouldn't require progressive or conservative prosecutors.  Justice is blind right?
We need to CLONE you @SenKamalaHarris! Your experience, intelligence, tenacity, ethics, & leadership skills are traits every MoC needs in US
We need this and much larger voter turnout for local elections which are just as important as presidential elections.
And ones who WILL prosecute Wall Street types when they crash the economy again
I don't think pple here singing your praises understand what you mean by progressive. This should help them...
Shut-up! You are rude!!
Just enforce the law. If you don't like it - change it don't subvert it.
Hit the #Repugnicans where it will hurt them at the #grassroots level and it will grow into a movement then a revolution
Nonsense, how many Californians did you put, in prisons over no victim statute? Buzzfeed is propaganda.
Yes, but what abt verbal order he's given civil rights AGs=seek settlements w/o consent decrees to block court oversight? Ethics complaint?
U right you a great influence
Yep! In 2016, many of my friends thought 'local politics' was boring.  Oops.  No trickle-down revolution; no trickle-down economics!
And due to this statement, you should be disbarred & re-called. We are a country of laws, and those laws pertain to YOU Constitution Trumps!
How about getting some criminal defense lawyers on the bench?
When it comes to prosecution of a crime, How does a progressive prosecutor interpret the law differently?
Answer , they make it up as they go along and how it feels to them!!
Your progressive prosecutors in CA falsified a confession. 
https://goo.gl/YxPoq6 
We don't need your brand of progressive adjudication.
Progressive prosecutors are a major reason why J. Hodgkinson wasn't legally barred from owning guns he used to try to assassinate GOP reps.
I'm writing about my local experience. Too many are complicit not thought about
I just want to thank you for all you do
You mean like Obama did? Securing the tainting of justice. Spoken like a partisan hack manipulating laws.
Just curious. How do you deter crime in your leftist utopia? Or are you alleging everyone in our prison system is innocent?
"Hands up, don't shoot," that's how.
Yes, more political activism in the judiciary!! It's healthy!
Look for Restorative Justice where the consequence make right and heals both sides.
That's progressive,
Thanks for all you do.
"Progressive" isn't a priority to me. Fair, dignified, intelligent, considerate, responsible, and accountable are. Moderate's good too.
I like your  beast mode on sessions ...prosecutor across this country is a deep issue from what I went through was bad...
Kamala 2020!
By "Progressive Prosecutors"...I'm assuming you mean don't prosecute crimes you don't like,
shhhhh!
I'm ready and can be available!
With a criminal justice system rivaling the worst of Dixie, Oregon needs this more than California! #OrPol
Do you have advise on how to distinguish them?  I think this is soooo important and is actually the primary reason that I vote.
How about they support establishing conviction integrity units, eliminating junk science, and oppose the death penalty & mandatory minimums?
I can't wait to vote for Trump again in 2020. Also, Progress doesn't mean liberal ideals. Liberal ideology is a failed one. Fact.
Kome on Kamala! Better late than never! Join this fight Black Woman!!! Forgiveness and love only for mine! 
5:00pm @CNN, Sen. Kamala Harris, TRUTH
I still can't believe the man has only named candidates to 20% of the positions that are currently empty.
If you support him and Corey Booker, you aren't the hope I've been waiting for and will lose my vote.  We will be primarying Pelosi
Save AMERICA vote Against the GOP 2018,2020
Kamala, if progressive prosecutors mean those who rule based on law & compassion, I'm with you. Reminds me of someone. Sensible & Tough - KH
I'm sorry, but John Legend is in bed with public school privatizers. He's on the board of the notorious SA in NY known for abusive practices
NO, we the people have to elect prosecutors that STRICTLY follow the Constitution's of the U.S. & state and Supreme Court decisions.
Right. That's what we said. Get the right wang reactionaries making up laws from behind bench
That would be a step toward totalitarianism--the way forward would be following the Constitution!
There are issues with the constitution that need amending. No perfection there
Such as?
Dred Scott? The Negro is 3/5 human which established the electoral college.Consttution-Negro never citizen.
I look forward to the day I see the name "Kamala Harris" on my presidential election ballot. Maybe not 2020, but someday, please.
I look forward to laughing at you again, when someone like Trump wins again ;p
#SessionMustResign
Agreed. Over in Florida, the Governor Rick Scott has tried to oust progressive leaning prosecutors. We need to improve on Governors too.
Kamala, it is said there was an all male meeting regarding AHCA. Is it true! 
The next step forward is to remove you.
Your president first.
We need to also look to Kamala Harris 2020
Amazing how she literally calls for political activism in the judiciary and you ppl clammer for it. Unreal
