Are you saying the government should force a 65 year old man to buy into a system which includes maternal coverage?!??    WOW INSANE
Almost as insane as making the childless contribute towards schools with tax $ for brats that dont belong to us, yet we do. Go figure.
Agreed
I'd also like to opt out of paying taxes towards the NYPD & FDNY that I never call - if we all could cherry pick there'd be no society left.
Police must be publicly funded because it needs is represents the law. I'm sure you could get private firefighters - ie. many volunteers now
I'm just using your logic here, I don't use them therefore I don't need them and shouldn't pay for them, I don't care who else does.
I'm not saying you should pay for nothing you don't use but that doesn't mean you need to pay for all things you don't use. That's the error
Pro-life!
How can you be prolife if you don't want pregnant women to receive maternity care for the babies you're so worried about?
Or healthcare for preexisting conditions they're born with. See the Jimmy Kimmel test.
Who pays? Are you forcing people to pay? Is that moral? Jesus.
Obviously if I'm paying for insurance I expect to have my issues covered.
Bingo! It's called private insurance and you choose your plan.
But it's reasonable to have insurance companies COVER YOUR HEALTH PROBLEMS. Adding maternity care as a 50%increased "extra" is stupid
That's just a hypothetical situation
Being a woman seems to be a pre-existing condition according to this bill.  Beyond shameful it was written. 
It is to the #Republican Party!
I was trying to be diplomatic since not all Republicans feel that way. But the leadership certainly seems to. Trump's GOP is just disgusting
That is really heartless. Too bad @foxnews is not covering this.
To me Fox News is trumps organ of propaganda, like Pravda in Russia, state sponsored news.
So ins companies have the right to deny maternity coverage, but the limp dick pill for @SenateMajLdr & rest of @SenateGOP has to be covered?
Having a baby costs a fortune over 9 months! So I'll never have grandchildren? Kids only for the rich???
Please stop them.
I would have said Grade A Fucking hateful, but I tend to be a tad crude.
Because men have no role in the need for maternity care....
Which section disallows any erectile dysfunctional drugs and/or treatment?
This is disgusting. Did they not have mothers to birth them? What about sisters, wives or daughters?
Unbelievable, Kamala! Regards..
so then a single male wouldnt have to pay for coverage he doesn't need?

That must really infuriate you!
Ivanka is working on family leave, so, there's that.
I paid $25k for this protester when my pre-ACA insurance refused to cover maternity. #SavetheACA
So just drop your baby in the field and keep on working, is that it?
That's just sick.  It should be illegal to discriminate against women this way.  3rd world status, here we come.
Get rid of the mandates and the phony coverage and allow ppl to purchase insurance across state lines
We'll all be hunting for affordable insurance soon. This bill allows employers to opt out of employer-provided insurance. It'll be fun!
Employer based benefits are part of the pay package, if you don't like it then find another job.
At some point all jobs won't offer it because they won't have to...but in your mind it's simple - find another job...
Jobs will offer it if they can't find employees! Don't be so simple minded!
I'm not commenting on the plight of those who will be offered a generous benefits pk...it's the little guy who isn't! So elitist Minded
The little guy is more worried about paying the rent than health insurance!
Little guy here worried abt both. Med bills affect paying my rent. I can chg rent - can't chng the med issues.
I vote no and continue to give the hell
which means that 10 million men and 5 million women, past child bearing years, don't have to pay higher premiums so you can have free babies
Shouldn't have to pay for things we won't ever use.
Thereby causing a cascade of failure, resulting in high cost to society over the lifetimes of those born of mothers having no prenatal care.
I'd love to see Sen Kamala Harris sneak into a press briefing and take AFTER these hacks behind the podium.
I will say it a million times over pls run for president #kamalaharris #ImWithHer
But see, that only applies to chicks. No man has ever been in a household where ins was covered by a lady job. Ever.
#NotMyProb
-1/3
#DraftTheWomen! I'd love to see you and other female Senators form a working healthcare coalition with @SenatorCollins & @lisamurkowski!
Republicans hate women.
Thank you my senator. This is the kind of laser-like analysis and issue spotting we need now; most have not and will not even read the bill.
Why didn't you Dems put together a plan that worked in the first place? Too much special interest money or just not that smart?
@keithellison please stop calling it a healthcare bill. It's clearly a tax cuts bill.
Senator, would you mind proposing an amendment that guarantees that ALL members of the Senate use whatever insurance that the bill creates?
Isn't that good in some cases?  My wife does not need maternity care (trust me) but she is covered under our recent ACA Obamacare policy.
@MrTeamster I find this ironic, since it takes a man to impregnate a woman and this was drafted by men.
Men are full of irony. And some other stuff, like hypocrisy, but mostly irony.
believe me when I tell you if insurances Co.s don't want something they won't pay for it.
Is there any way that you might take a leave -- for maternity, paternity, long vacation, etc.?
I bet it covers viagra.
It does.
@GOP NOT pro-life they are AGAINST LIFE.
This makes no sense. Not covering medical care will just lead to more issues with babies (and higher costs)
Major reason to fight against this bill with all your might. Improve on the #ACA
Fake News
 Are you saying the government isn't forcing a 65 year old man to buy into a system which covers maternal care?! Personal choice is scary!!
The whole point is that you choose your plan based on your needs. You're pro choice when it comes to murder but not healthcare.
THEN CHOOSE A DIFFERENT PLAN HOLY FUCK MAYBE THAT PLAN WOULD BE BETTER FOR OLD LADIES OR ANY MEN
and no one is clarifying which states took the expansion if like OKla you didn't your screwed like us-& worse now-Thanks @MaryFallin
How did we get to this point? Answer: Obamacare and the quest for single payer.  Screw everyone till they cry uncle.  So very compassionate.
DO NOT GIVE UP! WE NEED YOU. @tedcruz @JohnCornyn THIS IS WHAT A LEADER LOOKS LIKE!
Good my son doesn't need it
"Pro Life", my ass. White Supremacist ==> @VP @SpeakerRyan
Un-freaking-believable.
Sen. H: I believe your quoting actual text of the bill is far more persuasive than all of the secondhand summaries and interpretations. TY
I don't see that written here...again  #EpicFail
If you're going to tweet part of a CBO score...tweet something your constituency can understand...  #EpicFail
Because 13 GOP "men" drafted this? Beginning to think GOP men=MYSOGYNIST #trumpcareKILLS #trumpDOESNTcare #2018isCOMING #VOTEBLUE
 what is wrong with the drafters of this bill?? Do they not have mothers, wives and/or daughters??!!
Give the full page if you want me to believe you taking snippets & bending them towards your political slant is not gonna work
I remember those days!
CBO reports Senate health care bill would leave 22 million uninsured, lower premiums, and cut deficit by $321 billion
The usual, women in this country are treated like slaves by these white men.
How would that be pro life? It would not even be pro fetus.
Telling ppl w-out unlimited $$ they r not valuable enough 2 have health care needs met is torturous and abusive.
To let ppl suffer and die, or just suffer for prolonged period of time, is the very definition of torture. GOP bill legalizing torture.
It will cut off care for pre-existing conditions &put lifetime limits back in place,so basically, it's legalized murder,torture actually
This is legalizing murder.
How many Americans will lose/won't be able to afford healthcare under #Obamacare NEXT YEAR? Stop lying & back to school! #FakeNews
Where do these GOP men think they came from? A space-pod? You came from your mother's womb and you and she required maternity care!
What are you doing to support #MedicareForAll ? It is the most effective way to assure your constituents healthcare coverage.
This mess gets crazier and crazier. Whom do these Representatives actually represent?  Certainly not their constituents.  #Disgrace
Tell the REST of that story and stop deceiving.
They shouldn't provide maternity care! Why should ones who don't need it pay for it? You want it--pay for it.
This is unbelievable.
How about you sign up for the ACA then to prove how great it is.  Maybe that would be your best proof of your commitment to ACA.
If that is true why don't you fix it? Complaining isn't making progress. 
We can't have this!!! How do we stop it? Help!
Notive how often the Republicans use the word entitlement 
And try to pass off complaints as about taking back entitlements is hard .
Cory Booker------voted AGAINST allowing Americans to buy cheap drugs from Canada

News http://s1.zetaboards.com/Express_Yourself/topic/8057119/1/#new …
Let's SIMPLIFY this.. FREE Medical Coverage for ALL.
Pay for it with a #LuxuryTAX on Non-Essentials over $500.00.
Simple...
If you can AFFORD the Purchase, you can AFFORD a 2% Tax to Protect ALL of #WeThePeople!
How is this even possible?
The @GOP doesn't believe women should have health insurance cover birth control OR maternity care? How can any woman support this bill?
They lack compassion
Good Lord #killthebill
Man I hope I get the chance to vote ur ass out of office. Save CA turn it #Red.  Kamala Harris/for high taxes, illegals, self raises. 
Only if your not an old white male then your maternity care is at risk
Right, because why should some old white guy in Congress be forced to pay for some WOMAN's baby?!
I CAN'T USE THE DARN INSURANCE.DEDUCTIBLES ARE WAY HIGH.WHAT PART OF THIS SOCIALIST PLAN DO YOU GUYS NOT UNDERSTAND?
please keep fighting senator harris.
It's obvious the insurance lobbyists wrote the GOP bill. R's only interested in tax cuts. R's won't even discuss the impact of the bill.
Trump won bcoz scores of women voted 4 him. Now they reap what they sowed.
Duh! My wife is 62 why would she need maternity cover? But we have it! Is that why our premiums doubled? Duh Kamala Harris?
Ah ha... never knew a man that needed it
Funny how fiscal conservatives don't even know that4 every $1 spent on maternity care, $3.40 is saved on complications of preterm birth etc.
They do not care. They are not human. They are just Putins Stepford wives.  Oh wait but doesnt russia have single payer?
WHAT?? How is this even possible- today- in 20freaking17?? These buffoons want ED covered but not maternity care? I am so angry. My God.
#GOP ridiculous 2 not cover maternity care! Many birth anomalies in infants will be missed! Unexpected problems will occur during birth! NO!
Every1 hay different needs, just like car insurance. We should not be forced to buy stuff we will NEVER need. My 70yo mother does NOT want.
9:30pm @ESPN #NCAA College Baseball World Series Game 1; then  @MLB Game @Rockies vs @Giants, TRUTH ,TOGETHER
Breaking news, The health care "bill" is not coverage, it's a bill.  YOU can buy w/e coverage u want. I'm sure maternity will be an option.
Unconscionable
What's the problem? Just buy the coverage WITH maternity? Example, guys or older woman like my mother don't need maternity care.
Disgraceful!
The bill leaves parts such as this up to the states to decide. That is where the decisions should made.
#Republican Senators and @POTUS are cruel & they don't care if people die! They care about insurance companies and tax cuts to the rich!

Nah, let them withdraw mostly their supporters healthcare and turn retirees against them. It's what you idiots voted for. #Darwinism
Charming
Sad
PLS work on single-payer for Californians. F*ck DC. Our marijuana industry can be regulated/taxed-used 4 social programs & high speed trains
News flash. it takes a man and a woman to make a baby. Also. If you dont want responsibility for new life: don't grow old yourself.
This article says the stupidity of the American voters will help pass the original Obama Care.  You remeber Gruber, don't you?
I don't understand what they're thinking! I can't believe that they would place so many lives in peril!
Thanks to all the staffers out there reading between the lines! #TrumpCareKills
As an expecting parent, this makes me sad and thankful that I live in @california and have fighters like @SenKamalaHarris working for me.
Lets not be ignorant. As an expecting parent YOU should buy coverage that covers maternity. Y should my 75yo mother have 2 buy maternity?
There is a lot of services that are covered that only affect the elderly but young people "buy coverage" for. That statement goes both ways
Plus I hope you are ready to quit your job to take care of your mom when she can no longer care for herself. More than 50% of seniors use
Medicaid to pay for long term care. But this bill will cut medicaid funding and then either you will be responsible for the bill (depends
On your state) or mom will have to come live with you and you will have to quit your job because being a caregiver is a full time job
@california has a great program PACE @AltaMedHealthS elderly care that allows children to stay in the workforce. Win-win. #thankyouCA
@Millionaire2K your mother may fare better in #CA paying a bit extra in maternity care for better elderly services.
That's good, some people don't need it and shouldn't have to buy it
They are gonna continue with these tactics! That Russia thing is truly serious and dangerous for our country! How can I make 74 million 1yr?
Sounds like it's coming from a bunch of old men who DON'T RESPECT WOMEN. Women gave birth to them. It's despicable what their tying to pull.
Thanks for sharing what is and isn't covered for women. We need your help understanding what the men have in store for us. #ResistTrumpcare
At least you can read it
I was there when I was pregnant. It was a scary place to be. I ended up on Medicaid but they want to cut that too. It's unreal.
That's insane!! Unfortunately they don't care.. All they see is how much money they're going to get.
Sneaky @JohnCornyn @SenMajLdr & buds . Thanks @SenKamalaHarris for pointing this out to the American people!
Thanks for fighting for all Americans
They really thought of as many ways possible to stick it to women didn't they? What a sorry group in the Senate GOP.
You wonder how much of the bill is intentional cruelty, and how much is pure incompetence.
guaranteed not to be covered in Texas if left up to States, Texas maternal mortality rate is the nation's highest Right @GregAbbott_TX ?
Despicable
So we get to keep our doctor and our existing plan if we like it ?
lol
You win let there be no healthcare you resisted for a few now no one gets it after all CONSTITUTION does not say you Owen one let it fail
But they will still cover Viagra.
Probably be covered for free.
You can't get birth control or have an abortion but too bad once your pregnant your on your own and then take care of that child w/o help
Well duh. Why would men need maternity care, silly?
So much for being Pro-Life...
So much for being Pro-Choice...
Kamala Harris is slowly be exposed as a fake and I can see her having to resign.
What is that? Waiving the mandated maternity care from the ACA? Glad to see it. Don't want it.
Of course you don't, dear. And I'm sure you never needed prenatal care and were birthed alone in the woods.
My 70yo mother also does not want maternity and she should not HAVE to buy it.  YOU can still buy it, no one is stopping u.
And she likewise doesn't think prostate cancer should be covered, you can pay out of pocket for that.
You r showing your ignorance. U can still get Maternity coverage if u wish, it's just not required. So insurance can offer lower $ options.
That's the "pro-life" GOP for you 
WHY DO MEN or old ladies need Maternity care??
More punishment for being a woman. How dare we be the gender that carries humankind. It's so offensive to these 13 old men
Why does my 62 yr old wife need maternity coverage? Miracle to follow? Is that why our premiums doubled?
@SenKamalaHarris Thank You for your courage & tenacity! @realDonaldTrump  has no chance to destroy this Nation with strength like yours!
Which goes against @realDonaldTrump 's intent Yes, say no, a re-evaluation needs to be done for the sake of errors expressed for true intent
Was this the House or Senate?
But GOP is soooo pro-life. They are too evil for words. #VoteNoAHCA
So the @GOP doesn't really actually care about unborn babies??
They never did. All they care about is controlling women and lining their own pockets
This doesn't really explain much. Expand further?
Could we see the whole page, or the paragraph it refers to?
Keep reading Senator, and advise please, Thanks
Holy ****. A Senator that actually reads controversial legislation. Thank you for standing with Americans, Senator Harris. #BCRA #TrumpCare.
Shameful.
