Well done Senator! Thanks for your intensity!!! 
Great job today, doing ca. Proud
She was great. She was asking questions like a Boss.
Can you post the clip?
Keep pressing forward doing your job and not bullied by others' agendas to bury the facts! Accountability is everyone's responsibility!
Is McCain drunk?
Professional & thorough
You're doing great!
It's over. Nothing here. I'm 4 getting back 2 getting real things done for the people of USA. Are U? Or R U just there to live off taxpayer?
Thank you senator Harris for what you did in there. I think Comey did good and I'm proud of what you guys did. thanks. The gun thing tho 
You are in the weeds pulling them out even when GOP try to shut you up!  been seeing you in hearings you don't pull any punches so thank you
well, that was embarrassing.
Great questions in the hearing!  Proud to have you as one of our senators!  The lights are on!!!
Searching for NOTHING. Waste of time and money. Pathetic.
thank you! <3 #mysenator
Like this Racist garbage that wipes her ass with the Constitution should be taken seriously
Once again, well done.  Thank you for representing CA with dignity, honor, and grace.  WELL DONE.
Dear Senator Harris - I am SO HAPPY that you represent me and my (So CA) family in the Senate.  AND I am so PROUD of you!  THANKYOUTHANKYOU.
Ms Harris - you were the only one up there that knew and appreciated why Comey said he couldn't answer certain things in public. U did good!
Did an excellent job with your questioning
you're such a joke, this whole thing is a sham. #gangof8 #ComeyDay
And the American people is being made a fool out of this sham or scam.
Well done Senator Harris. Thank you for representing us well.
Senator, are you aware of any treasonous government appropriations, such as carbon taxes and sanctuary city funding, adding to A $20T debt?
great job today! whether or not he could answer openly you gave us a peek of your line of questioning in closed hearings
Brilliant
Awesome job at the hearing!
And she rocked it!
Heard Ur cross of Comey & compliment
No badgering & interruption on display
U hold the classified cards
2 find obstruction will be very hard
Great job!
Well done, @SenKamalaHarris
Well played Senator!!!  As a fairly new independent resident to California I am quickly becoming a fan. Opening comment was 
Keep kicking ass! @SenKamalaHarris  #ComeyHearing
I guess you learned your lesson yesterday. Not rude today. Also not nasty. Nevertheless, you did persist as long as you were allowed.
You did a great job questioning #Comey.  I'm glad that you are on that committee because you have a background as an excellent prosecutor
She's shameful comparing @POTUS to an armed robber. Where are the consequences for this? @vp @jeffsessions
Excellent opening! Great questions!
Good lord senator the hope Comment how do you equate a possible being killed to being fired. This word play instead of getting the meat
Why aren't u asking about obam masking why aren't u asking about Hillary selling uranium2Russia4personal gain(trumpRussia fake story 0 proof
What about money laundering from under the trump's Russian loans? Deutsch Bank
Previous tweet was in reference to the Comey questioning.
Great work!! Great questions!!
Just now finished questioning, of James Comey; Sen. Kamala Harris,
Shocked she didn't ask him about Global Warming and Climate Change - what a clown, worst Senator EVER!!!
I love u..
Will he be held accountable for leaking notes to media during this coup attempt?
I support you typically Sen Harris. Disappointed with your hypothetical questions. I don't think it established anything of worth.

Sen.Kamala Harris' example of how a robber's use of the word "hope" could be coercive 

#ComeyHearing #CSPAN #ComeyTestimony #ComeyDay …
I  Harris. #mysenator
All you did is spread fake news and innuendo. Horrible set of questions; waste of our time. @FoxNews @HowieCarrShow
Thank you for asking about Sessions!
So far, the most unproductive line of questioning.
Harris are you the dog pony or just a left wing hefer
Comey is on a slippery slope
Please ask a question that he can answer to us regular citizens!
That was SWEET!
Another liberal trying to destroy America, meanwhile Pres Trump working hard to restore America from the decline Obama caused.
Awesome questions!  When you began we hollered this:
Thank you! Great questions!
Not one definite answer so far. Great job
Great questions!!!
You got 7 minutes instead of 5 and spent 4 asking questions Comey obviously could not answer in open session.  #CmonMan
you are on a witch hung thanks @DNC for the Russian Hoax>https://www.facebook.com/TheOliverStone/posts/1376589502365345 … you Dems have Lost Face it and STOP CREATING HOAXES!!
Is the best your staff can come up with?? You had 20 hours to prepare
@SenateDems Harris continues to showboat by asking questions that she already knows the answer.  Loves to hear herself talk
now Comey Is intimidated by body language? What a pu**.
Thank you for your questions to Comey today. Some were the sort of questions that beg more questions. Keep working for answers!
#impeach45
Theres alot more he is not saying....tip of iceberg..lots more to follow I expect
Compared Trump's ambiguous coments about Flynn as holding a gun to someone's head? Oh please.
When you got nothing, add drama!! lol
You young lady are missing a common sense gene.
Seriously? Don't think so!
I love the pointed questions! Good job!
Stupid comparison.  Somebody that has a gun on ur head will say give me your wallet not I hope.  Duh
How r u tweeting is younare questioning
You are making this about politics which is what we don't want
Lol...you are pathetically desperate!!
Did Rosenthal ever complain to Comey @ performance, Pres/AG views?
OK after today you have a choice to continue to block progress to MAGA or  continue to be a democratic blocking USA being great again!
I hope you lose your next election.
He said these answers already and has contradicted himself under oath
Comey gives friend memo to be leaked to the press and he is miffed about firing??  As your gal pal Hills said..nothing burger here..move on
Babe is back.
Please try to restore all of #JamesComey 's retirement and healthcare benefits! He deserves these! Thank-you!
I see you 
Typical crude liberal comparing the prez with armed robbery, you could turn a all white wedding into mud wrestling for advance of ur agenda
She's is HORRIBLE!!
Lol nope! Keep an eye on her, I see President in her future!
She's a hack
Great job !
and that was a dumb assumption she gave
Questions to imply: Same old tired Democrat tactics to place doubt on non-facts
Oh so tired of republicans cover up !!
Wonder why Donald Trump Jr is tweeting ? Was Daddy told not to so Daddy called his attack dog ?
ON IT !!!
Same old, same old partisan nonsense from you!!
Boom!!! 
Finally!
RUBIO: Ever wonder why the only thing that's never leaked is that Pres Trump wasn't personally under investigation?
I would 'HOPE', you have a term limit.   What a peach!
A hack. A pure political partisan hack, but being a lawyer you are already aware of that. You just don't care.
#ImpeachTrump #traitorTrump #PutinsPuppet
Stupid comment on Gun to the head....
SLAY!!!
Great opening comment about "hope"!

Youre so cute!! :)
