God will continue to bless you and give you strength. A friend from across the ocean.
Sen Kamala Harris, embodies 
the Human, in Humanity.
Thank you for your tenacity in fighting for all the people. We need more reps like you.
Thank You so much for fighting for us. I have many pre existing health prblms. Epilepsy from a brain Anyerism, heart attacks, diabetes. Help
You can't get an answer from any of these pillars of democratic society.
Rock solid argument Senator Harris! If there is no bipartisan support for this healthcare after that speech, then this admin has failed!
How can Pro Lifers give a death penalty to so many????
Senator #Kamala you are an inspiration. Thank you. And please don't stop fighting for your constituents and for the people of America.
Kamala Harris, hahaha! Another liberal leftist from San Francisco. You figure the Democrats would learn after Nancy Pelosi.
#CaliforniaISBlessed2haveYou
#StandingUp4WhatisRIGHT 
#MOREthanaBeautifulBlackWoman
#BeautyANDBrains-FightingtheGOODFight
where does it specifically say this fam will lose coverage? if it does say it somewhere i wouldnt be ok w/ that...
Thank you senator. Despite stories like this-GOP just don't care.
Senator, you do great work.
FINALLY, a 'Politician' with a , Sensibility, Character......someone who Cares 4 the well-being of ALL ppl! Thank You Sen. Harris!
We have no idea how the republican bill will help or hurt! The republicans wont say what's in it cuz even they know it sucks!

Amen
Does the Senate bill touch lifetime limits? At what age will Rhett reach those limits? Age 9?
Exactly 
Run for president
Thank you Senator
More importantly, how does Obamacare help Rhett? Especially when insurance companies are cancelling nationwide. ACA is dead. Get used to it.
Thank you for fighting for us!!!!
is this performance like 'throwing grandma off the cliff'.  This is disgraceful hyperbole, Senator
This is what we call common sense something many Republicans can not relayed too!
what have you done to help the vets who died under Obama waiting for care.Not one of you did any thing
No it's helps @realDonaldTrump and his #Trump  business that's all that matters
#TuesdayThoughts #ImpeachTrump #Trumpcare #CovFefe #MAGA
Not just b c dx I have Chrones. Renal  tubular acidosis, Erlos Danlos Sydrom HBP, Malignant neoplasm of left breast  MVP chronic dislocation
Whats the Greens Club? I'm stage 4 MBC I stopped all treatments b cuz the Drs. Lied 2 me about the treatments, It made me mad! I have seriou
The issues here r not about me really, its about him her y this y that? I never put myself 1st I never talk about me its a waste of time if
You are a great story teller. Thank you for sharing that story of the courageous little boy.
#Harris2020
Desperate and cornered, Koch bros demand a win.
Where are the women, with their perspective? In most families it is the female who leads in health care for entire family--including males!
Thank You so much for trying to help Rhett.I can not stand the GOP letting children die
It use to be, women and children first. Now it is, rich white republicans first, then women and children.
Can you PLEASE be our next president
I'm a widow with 4 kids, ages 7-17.  I'm now fighting breast cancer.  The Republican Bill makes me fear for my life and my children's future
THANK YOU for sharing Rhett's story and for speaking up for all of us.  #GoneWithCancer  #GoKamala!
Senator Harris that story you read make me cry. A child should not have to worry that they may not be able to get cancer treatment .
@haletravel07 Its murder and the people who pass this bill should go to jail when people DIE! NO EXEMPTIONS WE GETthey get!
Well said Senator. 
It doesn't help Rhett. Thank the Lord he's in remission!
it helps the insurance companies, so that's just as good, right? #DrainTheSwamp
My 11 year old son had his colon removed because of Ulcerative Colitis. The ACA saved his life and will continue unless the AHCA becomes law
Repugnicunts want Jayasus to see him!
Thanks, Senator, for fighting for families.
Sen Harris,we need an autopsy on the student from North Korea.Was he on a ventilator or feeding tube?Why aren't we investigating the crime.
Trump's been in office these past 6 months, go bother him about it yourself #NorthKorea
I am going to tell this straight
Changing laws so that the rich can become richer is Criminal 
It is legalized Mafia
It is blood money
This is blood money To take money away from those whose life depends on 
Obamacare  trumpcare is a death sentence
If the rich people want to get more rich then start another business
Thank you, Senator Harris, for seeing and hearing your constituents. Don't give up the fight to save health care! I'm with you!
I pay taxes to benefit my country To help the American people 
Not to line the pockets of the rich
This bill has a chance of not covering Rhett. It's awful. We must vigoursly fight. Americans want this bill to be in the open. No secrecy
It's time for Repub lawmakers to finally be honest. They could care less about Rhett, or anybody else other than Kochs & other money backers
Californians can b so egocentric.The country suffers; areas o NO MDs that take ACA, no plans/insurance companies! Dems refused 2 help
We should make policy based on one sob story in a nation of 330M people. Seems smart.
#HoldTheFloor
Thank u for giving the ppl a voice & working in our behalf!  Great job!
it DOESNT help Rhett, and GOP DOESNT CARE !
Fight on Senator Harris vote Against the GOP 2018,2020
The GOP does not care whom there action kill. As long as they life like kings. Remember the GOP names and vote them out.
And would he have gotten treatment at all under the Rep. bill?
Thanks You 4 fighting the good fight when crotchety old white men dare to attempt to silence you as if what you are articulating isn't valid
Sen rep could care less then a flying fu@k about the future of a kid with cancer if its not in line with their politricks,can't be bothered
But sadly these Senate reps are the worse kinda of politicians the kind that are only worried about their  political future
Will pray for this young man that his cancer stays in remission.Between 4/2011 &,8/2015 I lost both of my parents to devastating disease
I pray with EVERY fiber of my being that for once people will take heed to the warning. "If my people who are called by my name will turn...
What a heartfelt plea and examples of those who would lose their lifelines, literally. No one is absent some kind of preexisting condition!
Kill this Bill
Keep fighting for us my intelligent lady! I admire your courage!
well,now we know where djt got the phrase, 'bad guys',when he refers to so many groups of people;from a 9 yr. old, just about right! #resist
Please continue the fight. The ACA does need fixing, but never #Trumpcare.
You really should run  for president.
Jussayin... 
Keep doing what you are doing Senator, I'm am so impressed by your passion for what is right.
#Harris2020
@SenKamalaHarris is my Shero!!!
@SenKamalaHarris  #2020
Rhett needs to pick himself up by the boot straps. How long can he rely on big government handouts?
Or 51 Atypical ALS OR SEVERE CIPD???
Is Rhett a billionaire? No? Answer - it doesn't.
Will somebody PLEASE explain to me why the @GOP is willing to commit political suicide over #Trumpcare? Is this another Heaven's Gate cult?
It doesn't help at all. Nor does it help my brother who just got diagnosed with bone marrow cancer they taking his Medicaid.# impeach Trump
As I have said, People Before Politics!
IT DOESN'T!!! #shamelessMITCH
Trump will find it hard to campaign from prison -- though most of his voter base is right there.
Aren't you supposed to fight crime?
Thank you for speaking up for Rhett and for so many who haven't yet reached the point of "gone-with-the-cancer." 
Unless something happens, if you're on the ticket in 2020, you have my support and vote hands down. Continue the good fight Senator!
It doesn't We might as well add all people who have a pre-existing Condition to the "ICE" Deportation List
Preexisting is why I fear losing my job and this horrible bill!
Loved the sneeze comment! Keep it up!

Trump care would Suck the American people would die



This mama bear of a child w/#preexistingcondition known as #CHD thanks you for #HOLDTHEFLOOR we back you up 100 #NoHearingNoVote #aca
I have Lupus. Hospitalized for MONTHS at a time. This bill will kill me. Don't give up
Don't you give up, OK? I'm with you, I have several nasty health conditions, our lives hang in the balance.
I have multiple health conditions also.  The republicans are a disgrace, they would rather give tax breaks to their friends than help poor
This breaks my heart. Every other western democracy has single payer. It's not perfect, it has its faults but healthcare is a civic right
This bill is better than the POS it's replacing! Come on Kamala change that dirty skirt and your bad ideology!
Are Rhett's parents wealthy?  Then this bill does not help him.
Trump literally wants to kill 9 year olds because he's literally Hitler
Thank you!! I love you 
.@SenKamalaHarris PLEASE run for #President !
Admirable, but why aren't you and rest of Dems grinding senate biz to halt to head off pre July 4th #AHCA vote... we need action not words.
...My daughter is 24. She was diagnosed with Crohn's disease when she was 16. Will she even survive this bill?
It doesn't!!!!!
My mother paid $800 every month for her insurance. When she got cancer, they covered everything except co pays. PRIVATE INSURANCE IS AWESOME
What is your idea for a solution to the healthcare issue?  You don't have any ideas only finger pointing and acting like a nine year old.
@SenateMajLdr doesn't care.  Hell awaits.
Kamala please speak for him and us
Your body language speaks volumes.  Perhaps consult with a non-verbal communication expert.  Finger pointing doesn't equal idea sharing.
She's doing just fine, thanks.
Not quite. She failed as our CA-AG and is pointing fingers instead of doing work.
 "Failed" all the way up to senator? 
She helped hide crime by declining to prosecute her backers.  She failed her constituents and provided a loophole for transnational gangs.
A Trump supporter crying about about a politician hiding crime. Oh this is rich. Tell me more. I'm on the edge of my seat. 
Heart wrenching example U bet.  If Nazi bill passes, paradigm for all carriers will morph and 95% of Americans will be impacted.
Rhett you are a #cancerslayer 
Donald Trump said in and interview he doesn't have time to worry about our hurt backs or other illnesses so I'm sure he doesn't care 4 Rhett
It doesn't

As the father of a 7 year old cancer survivor this is so important. Lifetime limits and preexisting condition bans will literally kill kids
I can stand behind the ACA, but it's your and your bipartisan counterparts responsibility to restore fiscal responsibility of our country.
#Rhett2020
#kamala2020
Bless you always, Senator Harris. Please don't give up on us. Please don't let them take away our heathcare. We are terrified. 
Thank you so much for standing up for us. We feel helpless, voiceless and terrified as we have no control over our futures right now.
G-d bless you Senator Harris. At least there are a few people actually fighting for ALL Americans... not just the ones who voted for them 
HealthCare isnt about Health, Its How Rich @SenateMajLdr @POTUS @SenDeanHeller @SenTedCruz @SenateGOP will get from Health Industry Stocks!
Thank you Senator for persisting.
More than Obamacare would!! What is YOUR healthcare solution?

Text RESIST to 50409 for fast easy way to fax Senators & Reps to VOTE NO TO #AHCA. Time is running out to stop this genocidal bill. PLS RT!
@search4swag #HoldTheFloor
Thank you for fighting so hard for us! #HoldTheFloor
I love this woman
Adore @KamalaHarris  You would be a great President, Kamala.
Republicans doesn't care; no heart; conscience. They are good at selling deception and LIES.
Kamala Kamala Kamala

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
My daughter is 15 years old, hospitalized since 5/1/2014. This bill helps NONE of these children.
Rhett should understand that an $800B tax cut for the wealthiest people in America will make God happy. And a happy God will smile on Rhett.
Our Democracy has not fallen!!!! We the people, will not give in to bullying of the privaliged! Their oppression only strenths our resolve!
Healthcare premiums will B much more affordable.  will have so much more choices. We'll keep our doctor. No need 4 higher deductibles, etc
You are my hero Kamala!
Thank you Kamala Harris for fighting for us! Your an amazing person who really cares!
Republicans will have a price to pay for denigrating the people of America They are risking the future of the country KARMA IS A BITCH!
The Party should not matter in healthcare bill, what matters is, what are the needs of the American people! So very true!
You go girl!
#HoldTheFloor 
#TrumpCareSucks 
#TrumpCareKills 
#McConnellSucks 
#McConnellIsACrook
As an educator on $14k/mo oral chemo 4 life, this bill is a matter of life & death. #Leukemia doesn't care about party lines. #HoldTheFloor
G-d bless you. I pray for your recovery. I pray for your health and wellbeing. I pray to G-d that these bastards don't get away with this.
Thank you! Your words & prayers are deeply appreciated.  Let's all keep fighting the good fight. The right for civilized healthcare for all.
you are amazing! stay strong 
#BeachballSizeLadyNuts #HarrisForPresident2020
Proud of all Dems tonight. Thank you for fighting for us.
It's difficult to say but if the health care passes the people that voted for Trump deserves what they get. Not To Have Ins
Many don't know because they can't afford the premiums. 1800.00 a month for family of four
To the person tweeting while Senator Harris is speaking, thank you for your hard work on our behalf. #HoldTheFloor
Tell us how we can best support your efforts and we will be there! You have our backs and we have yours!
Thank you Kamala Harris for being an advocate for the people. Oppose the AHCA which betrays the people to give tax breaks to the rich.
How does this bill help Rhett? It removes him as a burden fot the wealthiest taxpayers. Dead, they wont have to subsidize his care. #MAGA
#WeStandWithYou Senate Democrats as you #HoldTheFloor
This isn't health care. This is a huge tax break for the uber rich on the backs of the poor and middle class.
McConnel a coward
Frankly my dear, I don't give a damn (sorry, couldn't resist). Seriously yeah, we need to catch up with the world on health care.
God bless you and God bless America.
I have an 8 year old leukemia patient in my family. There are more Rhett's out there than you can imagine...and they NEED love and care
Thank you!
@SpeakerRyan might say, "It will put him out of his misery AND save money!"
McConnell would say that, too, but the nasty coward removed his Twitter account, so I cannot send him a message.
Yes you can, he has an office.
Kamala, you are relentless and I love you so much! Do you have any help? Where are all the other Dems that should be backing you? WHERE?
All the dems are fighting this, I just think that some are more visible than others.
Queen
N p a@
#HoldTheFloor
