Unequivocally, the Russians interfered in our election and they will be back to interfere again.
Comey said he documented his conversation with Trump because he was concerned Trump would lie about their meetings. This is stunning.
Key point: Comey told Rosenstein about his concerns about Trump meetings. Then, Rosenstein still wrote the memo justifying his firing.
Rosenstein now oversees the special investigation run by Mueller – which is something we should be concerned about.
Yesterday, I pushed Rosenstein to commit in writing that Mueller has full independence - otherwise the same thing may well happen to Mueller
I didn’t receive a sufficient yes or no answer to my question, but I will keep pushing for that answer.
Today, former FBI Director Comey affirmed under oath that Mueller should have full independence. I agree, we owe it to the American people.
Thank you Ms Harris,  you are a true patriot standing up for what is right. I wish my senators in az. Cared more for us
Sen. McCain is no longer fit for office?
I was thinking dementia but as other people have pointed out, his speech seemed slurred. Maybe a stroke? Definitely something wrong there.
He kept calling "Trump" "Comey"
Yeah, that was pretty disturbing. Though President Comey sounds better than President Trump. Wishful thinking?
Never happen. Not in Comey's nature to run for public office. He'll go private sector, first.
Yeah, I jus put meant anything sounds better than President Trump.
Yes!  Anything does!
President Hot Dog has a good ring to it.
Comedy is the leaker. He is done. Next:Lynch will be under investigation soon and Rice too. Have a good day! #MAGA
There's a thin line between comedy and tragedy...
And Minnesota - but a Californian at heart - and my 2 daughters were born there!
I've been a fan since Pod Save America! Thank you!
You embarrassed us all again. You know your a senator and not attorney general right?
Good work, Senator.  Keep going!
Is Sen McCain OK health wise?
Great job today at Comey hearing!!
So glad I voted for you, and look forward to continued and excellent representation from you. Great work, today!
What about Sen McCain? Is he ok ?
And Washington State. Thank you.
Had the Russians interference in our election been for the purpose of aiding a Democratic win the republicans would be ready to start WW III
So, um, when are you announcing your run for 2020...asking for a friend (America)!
California people are proud of you ( I am ) ..you were fantastic
Trump does things to men that usually men do to women. Horrible intimidation it’s hard to put into words that will be believed. Thank you.
Trump wouldn't scare me one bit. I'd whoop that ass.
How? I’ve been trying to figure out how not to get intimidated — what have you found helpful?
Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
Have you ever actually done this?
Choke a fat man with just my legs? Yes, yes I have.
Are you not in the closed session now?
It's lunch break. Supposed to be back at 1 eastern
It's 1:30 ET now.
It starts at 1:45 though. She's probably sitting there tweeting like the rest of them.
Oh gotcha. I thought it started at 1p.
Proud to be your constituent. Thank you, @SenKamalaHarris.
.@SenKamalaHarris could you explain your to .@MaxineWaters the .@FEC may be calling you .@realDonaldTrump .@VP .@DanScavino .@Cernovich
Keep fighting the good fight!
++++1
I'm not a constituent, but thank you. I'm grateful you're a US rep.
Agreed, I'm lucky she is my rep. Kick ass CA AG and now kick ass US Senator. 
Newsome/Harris 2020.   California takes over
I'd love that ticket!!!!
I'm also partial to Harris/Gillibrand b/c #futureisfemale
I like Harris/Comedy
I see what you did there! 
Great job! .@SenKamalaHarris Good to know we have some Senators in search of #TrumpRussia truth & not just 45 lap dogs #ComeyDay #WHCoverUp
She was weak surprisingly so and I'm a Democrat.
She kicked ass. Not sure what you were looking for...
What planet's congressional hearing were you watching?  Who knew she had so many sycophantic fans stuffed up her... wherever.
Robbers don't say 'please', no gun was used, and Comey was central in FBI Intel so his presence was appropriate.  What a circus #ComeyDay
Loving your hard work here in Georgia's 6th district.  We are going to flip the sixth!
.@marcorubio crushed your party's entire narrative. 3 things. No evidence, no obstruction, and, not under investigation
Keep it up and fight the good fight!!!
Thank you from NC and VA
Thank you from Ohio, Senator. It's time for women to speak up for what's right and push for answers.
Thank you for your informed questioning. Please keep up the good work. congress is the lAst line of defense against this dictator.
please do, fair lady!
You, Senator ... were amazing. Proud to see my vote-in-action, through you.
Keep on fighting the good fight. Amazing how much smarter you are than the republicans you are confronting!
Remember this is a former Attorney General.  Knows the law.
Then why ask questions that she knew would get no answers
Thank you for representing California so well. Proud to have you as my Senator!!!
Me too. She is a shining example of a female leader. California leading the way.
share away
Thank you.  Please stay on them, especially Rosenstein.  We need you.
Same with Oregon!
We are with you Kamala!
Fight on!
And another California.
You made California proud today Senator Harris. Thank you 
You were brilliant today and in yesterday's hearing.   However the level of disrespect from other council members is astonishing.
And Upstate NY!
Great job #CaliforniaLove
Run for President Kamala Harris 
You are doing an incredible job. Thank you.
I live in Texas with Cruz and Cornyn. Can I adopt you as my senator?
I think you were watching a different movie. Lol
#NewProgressiveParty
Oh yeah that guy dropped the pop fly in the outfield cuz he's new
Most new employees have a 90 day "probation period" & police have 1 yr but this idiot had free reign? #NewProgressiveParty
thank you.
Bless you.
go get em'
Thank You from Tennessee
Yes, but also said B. Clinton tried essentially same thing with AG Lynch. Going to have to let Trump derail himself, this won't
Thank you to you and others for the hard work - this must go on!
Homerun n the "hope" scenario.
A gun really COMEY IS A 
Comey did not go for the unethical quid pro quo so lost his job.  That is a travesty.
My daughter heard you at the hearing today, totally fell in love. She's 12 & I'm always excited when she gets fired up by powerful women.
Another from washington State saying thank you
Don't forget that when asked if Special Counsel will investigate obstruction by Trump, Comey said, "Sure." So Trump IS under investigation.
OK,  must admit, I didn't vote for you, but it's a non vote I really regret. I'm proud to have you as my senator.

I found you fascinating & will be following your career. You go, girl!
You have thoughts, or prepared statements and talking points? The DNC sunk Sanders. Anyone supposed to trust you!?
Missouri!
The basis for impeachment based on obstruction of justice or abuse of power clearly now exists. Please push things in that direction.
You missed the part about Lynch!
Thank you 
PlZ we are waiting.
Well put Hillary! 
Same with this Veteran from Georgia!
You were great today, Senator. Thanks for your service!
At the least what Mr. Comey experienced was harrassment which he reported to Sessions.  Sessions should be investigated 4 multiple reasons.
Its a violation of Federal employment law to harrass an employee.
Thank you for representing California and so well. I waited to hear your line of questions and you didn't disappoint...
Thank you for your service
(1/2)Thank you for sharing. I find it very odd that women have been frequently "stepped on" when questioning during these senate inquiries.
Thank you Senator for your service, trying to get the truth of #TrumpRussia
California was deeply embarrassed by your strange opening in this testimony maybe you should sell lawn furniture instead!
Big thanks from a Vermonter!
Paul Ryan's comments today is evidence that repubs will not impeach @POTUS. He is setting the stage for when Mueller discovers obstruction
So, you heard nothing about Lynch, Trump not under investigation, most Russia stories lies, NYT gave false info Comey is a leaker,,...,?
At least two folks in Kansas thank you!
Thank you for your thoroughness, efficiency and professionalism, Senator.
Have mercy, CNN! Enough is enough! We can entertain more than one crisis at a time. Your coverage, is numbing us, like the missing plane.
And Illinois.
Those clowns tried to mansplain their way out of it, but Rosenstein stonewalled you b/c he is a witness and/or accessory to OOJ.
I'm not a Californian, but I'm very grateful for you and the work you are doing.
3/ follows easily, because it means you can knock out the opposition by lies (fake news), etc... The nation is in serious danger.
and she persists!!! U go girl 
So proud of u. Keep up the good work. Totally disgusted with the assistant AG. definitely filer busted. In the end truth will prevail.
Thank you for the hard work senator Harris - alameda county
Thank you, Senator Harris. Senators McCain and Burr were way over the top and totally rude. So maddening.
Thank you
You're an inspiration!! So many great questions! Blessed to have you representing our America! Thank you!!
Trump's Legal Team already spinning it to continue the mass brainwashing of #Cult45. This country is doomed. Trump is getting away with it.
How about starting with your decision not to prosecute Mnuchin's bank for foreclosure fraud. After that, I'm all ears.
PLEASE RUN IN 2020
Senator, you're a baaadd beyahtch. Keep it up.
Look at you, pretending to be important.  Shhhhhhhhhh.
Great job questions sad Reps think it's ok Trump is new very sad
as a blue dot in a red state, from the bottom of my heart, thank you.
Yay for blue dots! 
Enough of the sideshow. Get back to work.
No mention of Trump's brag to Russians how Comey firing "eased pressure & no q WHAT Trump had to gain w/ halting Flynn investigation? 
Thank you from someone represented by Rubio.  So glad that there are real patriots in our government. Gives me hope during these dark days
Me too 
Look at me... I am still waiting for a reply...
Oregon checking in with full support!
You make me proud everyday. Thank You Thank You Thank You.
YOUR thoughts being operative word, because the FACTS disproved them ALL! Keep wishing for that gun, might end up pointing to someone else 
Kamala Harris wants to include LBGTQ information in the census rolls?  What purpose does this serve?  Who cares about who u sleep with?
Hey don't forget little Rhody! Rhode Island here
OBJECTION! Leading the witness, witness your honor. assumes facts not in evidence, Counsel is lying. quiet while adults speak. gosh CA sucks
Thank you Sen. Harris.
It's ALL bullshit
Keep going after these Liars . This Californian Has your back and supports your efforts!
Thanku for ur perseverance.Ur attacked 4 not only fighting 4 America but doing it while being a woman(a preexisting condition).Keep fighting
U don't have a gun, you don't have any force.  Now try getting the wallet without the gun.  I hope U will give me your wallet? False hope!
Thank you Kamala you made oakland and all of California proud!
Thank you, Senator Harris, for your excellent work today.
Thank you for heading to the front fighting for the rest of us
Thanks for trying to be open and persistent! Needed at this time!
Keep pushing Senator! You represent the people well. Thank you for your good work.
So proud of my California senator. Keep up the good work.
Awesome job my Representative Senator from California!!please push to continue pressure on the Deputy AG to stay Ind! Fight for us!!
Well done today.
And expat living in Alberta, Canada
Thank you for getting info on the record.
and they found nothing.. no story... give it a break now
You were very impressive! Good yesterday also despite @SenJohnMcCain rude interruption!! 
You rocked it today 
God, you're such an embarrassment
Repubs wasted their precious questions on bringing up hillary. is that how the investigation goes in private?
Please run in 2020.
South Carolina weighing in too - lots of us are depending on you, Senator.
Oh please don't, not yours at least
Well done. Look forward to your updates.
And NJ supports you!
You didnt prosecute Mnuchin. You are a traitor too.
Don't you think you should mention, President Trump is not under investigation by the FBI?  Or does that hurt your version?
You make us proud Kamala!!!!
You are awesome! Thank you!
He wasn't under investigation then, but what about now?
I think you're amazing. Keep pushing!!
Miss Harris just keep doing what you're doing to get that guy out of office thank you for all your efforts
Thank you Senator Harris for continuing to fight for truth and justice. I truly appreciate it.
Thank you, appreciate the updates! 
KEEP UP THE GREAT WORK...
Thank you for strong questioning!
Nice work.  Stay persistent.
Dear Miss Harris I like what you said at the comey hearing (I hope to rob your wallet )is what you said I thought that was funny
This was just smoke and no fire, no smoking gun as it had been pumped up. We need to focus on flipping Red States #ComeyHearing
Woman this is why we elected you... from SF Bay to the top....kill it! Speak for the people
Harrisburg, Pennsylvania inspired by you too!!!
#kamalaforpresident
Just want to say you make me proud to have lived in Cali, and wish I still lived there so I could vote for you.
You're a joke
Point.  Hillary was under investigation, Trump never has been.  Lynch gave Comey a specific order to misrepresent.  Trump asked for mercy.
As former prosecutor, ur misleading deception to ur constituents is criminalComey exonerated.@POTUS#Comey lied under oath
And Virginia
Mrs. Senator, I know this is not PC, but holy moly, you are beautiful.
Kamala opened by implying "I hope"  is equivalent to a robber having a gun to your head, saying I hope you will give me your wallet?  Bad
You are a breath of fresh air among our elected officials. Brilliant, strong, and full of integrity. Thank you for standing for all of US!
 Thank you Senator Harris.
I don't think your thoughts are very honest.  This is how the lies get circulated.  People like yourself are without integrity.  Typical!
Again, very proud to have voted for @SenKamalaHarris
Just left the open Senate Intelligence Committee hearing with former FBI Director James Comey and wanted to share a few thoughts.
Thank you.
You are very smart. You should be spearheading these proceedings going forward
Loved your analogy on "I hope you'll give me your wallet."
But doesn't even take the dire physical threat angle ...
1/
I'm in employee evaluation with my boss' boss.
He says, "I HOPE you'll start tracking time better."  
I would take that to mean, "Do it!"
/2
To my child I say, "I hope you'll take out trash"
Child says, "That's a nice hope"
Me, "Sure! That was exactly my intent - general hope"
/3
My boss' boss has everyone leave room
Says, "You like your job, right?
Says, "I hope you'll have sex with me
@SenatorRisch says, NO PROBLEM
I'd rather you share some thoughts about the closed committee hearing.
No Collusion, No obstruction of Justice. Enough of this extremely sick charade pepetrated by DNC/Hillary/Media! One huge lie! Do your job!
America needs YOU as our next President
Thank you for standing strong and pushing back! Also, keep an eye on what's happening with #trumpcare. So proud to have you represent me!
Will Loretta be indicted?  #BernieWouldHaveWon
In response to your "if someone holds a gun" analogy today- If someone tries to bribe a cop they don't say "I want to bribe you"....
Instead what they do is they take out their wallet, hold out some bills, and say "I hope there is someway we can work this out".
Lynch told Cpmey not to say that Hillary was under investigation. She wanted him to call it a matter?  Attempt to minimize & misrepresent.
Comey said that the meeting between Lynch & Bill Clinton was inappropriate.  He became uncomfortable with Lynch.
Beautiful and brilliant Proud of you Kamala Had you not made that point with Rosenstein  would have continued to be fooled by the appt of RM
NY!
Indiana jere. PLEASE go get em!
You're #amazing! How would you like to become a #Canadian?
2/Please keep up the fight: The historixcal precedent is called salami tactics: the idea: corrupt justice/law enforcement first. The rest 3/
Please do
And Massachusetts thanks you for being one of the strongest loudest voices in this. Please keep up the excellent work!
Ma'am Great Job Today, little worried about my @SenJohnMcCain looked and sound lost and confused Dementia came to mind. Is he OK
Senators like you give me hope for the survival of our democracy. Never give up the good fight.
Please focus on SE Utah. Tribes are gathering. #45 snatching protective status from Bear Ears National Monument, just the beginning...
Dear @SenKamalaHarris. You are my new senator. Please make the transition from prosecutor to representative. Hearings are not trials.
WHAT HAPPEN DONALD TRUMP NO MAKE TWITTERS NOW ? ? ?
