Too late.
I love this Senator! 
        
Great job that's for defending democracy against destruction of our great Country
Senator Harris, Can you strong women in the Senate find one more Senator to vote no? The people have done all that they can. Please.
@tahino1 IMPEACH, INCARCERATE ALL I MENTIONED NOW. NO DEALS. PRISON FOR LIFE.  IMPROVE ALL BENEFITS IMMEDIATELY FREE
Let's check in live with Obamacare...
This is only valid in states "captained" by a republican. I wonder why?
Considering 38 States are "captained" by a Republican that says it all right there don't it?
That's 38 out of 50 for those keeping track
Sigh, you obviously didn't read the latimes article explaining why this was important.  Nice job on missing the point.
Unless you can enlist mass opposition into the Democratic Party you will lose this fight too. Stop sleep walking.
Did you clap for McCain? Serious question.
Go get 'um Tigress!
How do you know how many if you don't know what is in it???
Many of my students have insurance for the first time under ACA. THanks for fighting for them.
-what is your answer to the millions that cannot afford outrageous premiums & a deductible of $10 thousand or more-same as NO INSURANCE!!
Low dopamine @SenKamalaHarris  You are voting on to proceed. You will own the failure of Ocare disaster that you are so proud of.
Thank you for all you do, @SenKamalaHarris #SaveTheACA
You have shown courageous leadership, something in short supply in the Trump era. Where are the rest of those liberal voices?
Courageous leadership? Laughable!
That's the best you can come up with? Attack common sense? You're hilarious!
24 million have a card but cannot use the insurance bc premiums are too high. What happen with the promise of reduction of premiums
Thank you, Kamala Harris for leading the fight for Single Payer!! You don't know how encouraged I feel today, knowing you're in our corner 
Thank you for voting no!
What now? 
Isn't this vote just getting in for debate?  Does it matter? Fed funding will be slashed for medicaid nonetheless.
Lemme guess....you had ZERO problem with #Obamacare taking healthcare from millions of self-employed people earlier this decade?? #hypocrisy
Keep on fighting the good fight!
Democrat: Liar
Like if you like your doctor you can keep it
We won't let up
@ManuelSillas54 we will continue to fight,.vs this stupid and not even know,.about trump are. We need to impeach, him senator harris
Please  fight this bill today and remind the senate GOP members the sanctity of life doesn't stop at birth.
My daughter didn't endure fetal surgery and a 70day NICU stay for the GOP to severely limit her future medical care and education.

My Senators - @SenBobCorker & @SenAlexander left the @GOP & joined the #TrumpGOP. Win at any cost even if it means killing Tennesseans. Sad.
We've already lost.  A bill with 12-16 % approval getting a vote means no one cares about democracy or the people.
Been calling your office in support of your efforts! Thank you. So happy I voted for you. Your brilliance is shinny example!

I urge you to do everything in your power to stop the ACA repeal vote. Withhold consent or filibuster. Whatever it takes.
Just called you Thank you for all you are doing.  I'm so glad I voted for you
More nonsense from Senator Harris
If we like our doctor, can we keep our doctor?

#Deathspiral
Regardless of what happens today, the GOP is in turmoil. 2018 is going to be a nightmare for Trump. 2020 is his official retirement date.
don't be over confident republicans are cheating elections I fear we will never get a fair election again.
JUST IN: What did Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell know about Trump/Russia collusion and when did they know it? June & Sept 2016
Another Dem lie Kamala. Dems have made healthcare unaffordable to millions of working Americans!

Have you noticed the blue states going broke?
No, I have not. They are the economic engines of the country and represent a gross proportion of the nation's GDP.
Please vote no on GOP wealth care
High #ceopay 4 #bigpharma is killing #healthcare #noacha #voteno #VoteNoMTP #aca #NoTrumpCare #obamacare #TrumpcareKills #TheResistance
If you want to wake up with your MEDICAID BENEFITS tomorrow....

Call your Senators RIGHT NOW! 
202-224-3121
@SenCoryGardner  's office 6:00am today before work #norepeal
#FullRepeal
Are you for single payer healthcare Kamala??
Agreed
@RoyBlunt the phone is not ringing. Goes straight to voicemail. No staffers. Constituents deserve to be heard. Disgraceful. #votethemout
23 Million Americans are counting on U to protect healthcare and 100% of Americans need U to protect 1/6th of the economy
Live look at Obamacare
Lol, stop it!

Every step @DNC makes PROTECT #CRIMINAL party 

Vote your #criminal party home or prison or institution they are all nut cases
You cannot get thru on the Senate phone lines!!
Every GOP Senator that votes for this "mystery meat" bill weaves a giant target on their back. What could possibly justify a yes vote?
I called my senator @SenToomey twice and wrote about three email messages. Thank you for your commitment on this.
Healthcare? No, healthcare insurance.
Keep strong Senator you are one of the few true voices we have.
One of the true lying voices!
Hey stay the hell out of my mentions.
I'll tweet you if I'm ever in need of asinine dribble
Your tweets are asinine drivel (not dribble) especially when coming from a point of pure ignorance!
#Trumpcare is #NoCare
Vote Yes. Vote Yes. Vote Yes.  Repeal and Replace.  Unless you have an answer to fix the issues?  That's right you don't.  Stop blocking!
You knowingly lie about this, because your supporters will believe anything you say.
I'm thankful your my Senator. Please continue to fight for those in need.
I literally cannot wait until you are President.
Thank you for protecting millions of people's healthcare with your "no" vote.
I hope many of your fellow Senators do the same.
Good Tuesday Morning, Sen. Kamala Harris tweet (notification) 4 mins ago TRUTHFULLY

Senator, as a Kentuckian, it feels like myself and other constituents aren't being listened to by our Senators.  How do we not let up?
By allowing them not to purchase it? You are a fascist and want to determine what we spend our money on.
We must repeal or repeal & replace! Current ACA is unacceptable!
Yes the ACA needs to be fixed. The GOP plan makes it worse.
There are definitely issues with new plan, but I believe we must repeal 1st in order to cross party lines & create an even better plan!
That will throw insurance into chaos. Premiums will skyrocket. Insurance companies don't like not knowing
It's a terrible time for health care no matter how we look at it. I pray that we find a solution soon.
Cc: @libbycwatson
We're out here, Senator - and we're loud!
CALL! It's so easy.. #SaveTheACA #SaveMedicaid Capitol Switchboard 202-224-3121!!
And because you refuse to listen to the working middle class that pays for it all, more of you will be voted out in 2018 and 2020.
You should probably be paying attention to the people making you pay a greater share of it then...republicans have sabotaged the financing
For the aca for almost its duration, by with holding the reimbursement to insurance companies that come from higher taxes on the rich.
The same tax republicans want to get rid of.
We're done paying treatment-prohibitive premiums to subsidize your insurance at the expense of our families. Pay your own or do without.
Thank you for your NO vote! 
Why ru forcing me to subsidize by paying premiums for insurance I can't afford to use? Funny how the ultra rich are socialists.
Will the voting be seen on ?  If so what time
We need better than Obamacare.
The answer to that sure ain't Trumpcare!
Keep up the good work. #Harris2020
"Like boots stamping on a human face forever"....we'll never let up :)
Kamala do they have the votes to proceed?
As a cancer doctor I know how many lives Obamacare has saved. On the other hand TRUMPCARE WILL KILL PEOPLE!
Another lie. As a cancer doctor why don't you lower your fees for services for starters?
How is it a lie? And how do you know what her fees are? Seems like you're the liar here.
