Please tell us what actions you will take to address #ClimateChange. You're my Senator and I am looking for action not just words
Run please! We need you bad. Let the young Joe Kennedy III be your running mate. Imagine!!!
Also if you watch this interview of him he explains why climate change is a hoax.
I hear them, but drill baby drill!
Science has also spoken on nuclear energy as being key to combating climate change. I hope to see enthusiastic support of it from you.
Nuclear is by far the most expensive way to reduce carbon emission. A foolish way to spend money.
Nope. Including backup from FF and grid upgrades, RE is quite expensive, and not at all proven at scales we need . Do the math.
Don't tell me we can store nuclear waste safely for 10s of thousands of years, but we can't store electricity for a few hours.
SNF does need special treatment, but benefits of nuclear are huge. Well worth it. REs can be used, too. Use all the tools!
And the issue of RE intermittency is much bigger than simply a few hours of storage. Need to address seasonal levels, too.
Global swarming
http://ecosense.me/about/   -about Patrick Moore

Now try and read something that doesn't conform to you bias

https://www.thegwpf.org/patrick-moore-should-we-celebrate-carbon-dioxide/ …

What about your peers?   I am amazed at how he ignores all science, and anything that resembles common sense.
In the north east this is the coldest summer we have had in decades
It's makes sense though, since Obama thought NASA should be an outreach program to make Muslims feel good about themselves.
If you cared U would not be stopping FREE energy - but since U cannot con  money from k street from energy U talk BS
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris Now if we could just get climate denier @RepMcClintock on board. #CA04deservesbetter Can U help? @bateson2018
More likely message is, Keep sending me money, my climate change friends
Climate change is real people! We are killing ourselves by not taking care of the planet.
Hey senator, ever heard of Patrick Moore, Judith Curry? These people are actual environmental scientists. I'll take their word over yours.
What do you know? You actually asked the CIA director what he was doing about climate change. U Really looked dumb
Only way to fix this is get rid of Citizens United and lobbyists. Otherwise there is no hope.
Many scientists (do you own research) have said global warming is a lie! u libs change the name 2 climate change which happens every season
I'm confused; is it global warming, global cooling or climate change? Or is this for you pocket lining agenda of tax payer money?

How about cleaning up the streets of NorCal first worry about climate second. Ca has become a dump, a landfill disgusting
Scientists have been speaking since the beginning of science Odd thing about science,it keeps changing and is frequently wrong. Flat earth
and you hear Gore and company. helping protect payday
Thank you.
Kamkam who writes all this nonsense for you? I thought you were smarter than this.
Finally.... #realscientist from 1912 have been warning about the future....our future. But nobody listened are they now?
8:00pm @ESPN The Little League World Series,  California vs Hawaii
I'm happy California is dipping what it can.
Trump better listen up !!!!
When science is settled, they quit arguing the topic. Last I heard they are still arguing.
I trust you will keep this formost in your mind... and make a credible move to correct our drastic negative imprint on the #planet thanks
Kamala 2020   I am counting on you.
fraud
Thank you Senator. 
Love and light to you.
You should read Judith Curry @curryja.
You use the same nyt article as Dianne. Nyt  admitted they made mistake. So do you really want to go ahead and say that.
Discuss Climate Change and the combined impact of Regulations DT just rolled back...... #KamalaHarris2020
Do something about it. Crops are weeks early along the west coast. Pacific ocean currents are early. Shit is messed up. Help.
100% clean energy by 2045 for millions of good jobs, health & national security
Thanks for listening to scientists and not potus.
How do we get @POTUS @SenateRPC @GOP & all thier #sheap to admit the truth? How do we get that message across to them? @SenFeinstein#resist
how do you get dems and harris and THEIR SHEEP admit the truth? corrupt scam artists
every politician is crooked, i believe no exceptions regardless of sides BUT, not all @potus and @WhiteHouse are such corrupt #traitors.
Make it happen and we will support and fight beside you.
Our Economist have spoken on minimum wage...uncertain you heard them.
Thank you Kamala. This is vitally important. We must all work together to support solutions to our climate crisis!!
Second use of  the  pronoun "I" in this missive should be the plural "we".
Will U help w/our needed NEAR future transportation?
Support % of FUNDS for PersonalMaglevTransit R&D-cleaner,faster,safer transportation http://www.freewebs.com/prpmt1/  @nytimes @HouseDemocrats @CNN 
This report is as accurate as AlGore's predictions. Scientists & politicians make money peddling fear & "we gotta do something" nonsense.
THANK YOU because a GOP / Trump America will require our population to wear HEPA masks WHILE they invested in HEPA Mask Corporations.
#USA had 2nd warmest year to date and 10th hotest July on record! @GOP @NDP #Greens #Climatechange http://www.noaa.gov/news/us-had-2nd-warmest-year-to-date-and-10th-warmest-july-on-record … #Cdnpoli #USpoli
Thank you, Senator!
car emissions are down it's those fucking deisel trucks and planes.
Your tweet (notification) 3:46pm CT. ,just now TRUTHFULLY,  (Family) Sen.Kamala Harris , 4:00pm. @CNN cont'd coverage, @wolfblitzer
6:00pm CT. @ESPN ch. THE LITTLE LEAGUE WORLD SERIES, FROM BRISTOL, CONN. Watching Now.
The gotta do emissions testing on trucks and planes.
Breaking news!
Thank you, Senator
I love you 
#LoudandClear

Are you pro-nuclear energy? Are you Pro Natural Gas? 
Pro wind, pro-solar? Or you just pandering?


