I remain committed to fighting for the American kids who live in fear that their parents will be deported. Think - what will happen to them?
And know that Trump and Republican lawmakers don't give a damn!!! They are children, families, grandparents that have worked hard in the US!
Hatred!!!
That too.... Fear!
I saw that was not a reply to me. Mine was pertaining hatred making it difficult for immigrants to become legal compared to earlier years.
Hi to
YEAH, LET'S KEEP THEM ON THE ENTITLEMENT PAYROLL, TOO, RIGHT? THEN WE CAN WONDER WHY OUR COSTS ARE SO HIGH! GOOD GRIEF! GET A BRAIN!
ALL DREAMERS,ILLEAGLS & FELONS HAVE GOT TO BE DEPORTED. ARREST & DEPORT DEPORT DEPORT DEPORT. WHY SHOULD AMERICANS PAY FOR THEM. @POTUS
No   compassion at all huh ?
Great day reversing Obama's Cuban policy. He arranged the win for Cuba it's gone.  Obama's fascination with Castro  should be investigated.
you want daca an parents to stay here so you can program them for dem votes. You should hate how u use them.
Should we trust a statement from any part of the Trump administration?
you don't have a decent bone in your body
The real victory would be when "Dreamers" are granted a path to citizenship.
Don't get too excited. He said for now. It's coming.
The struggle continues...
However - Trump ended DAPA so there goes the basic human decency.
Legal Hispanic family who believes in American immigration law. Follow US law and come legally! Thank you POTUS! @realDonaldTrump
Thank you senator for all your work!! Hopefully we will have president Harris in 2020
I am a naturalized  American and madam  you have not idea what you are talking about, you do it because is safe. What a phony
I get the impression he is desperately looking for support wherever he can. Today's moves for Latino support: keep dreamers and dump Cuba.
But not their parents.
@SenTomCotton #protectourcare In your LR office wondering if our lives are in danger. Medicare for all! Simple transition and a human right.
Thank you Sen Harris for your voice and support of our American values. We need more patriots like you 
A start....
Don't believe it for a second.
Fantastic news!
He is such a great guy; heard a whole room full say that just a few days ago.
Sad that not committing an atrocity is now construed as a victory these days
Yah but @realDonaldTrump lies when he opens his mouth! #greatesthealthcare #noSSCuts
How about thank you President Trump?!?
Say it just once please "Thank you President Donald J Trump"
Trump is “such a liar that he used to have to get somebody else to call his dog for him.”
Jed Clampett
#DACA is still temporary & expensive. there's no decency in that
Thank you, Senator, for fighting for our Dreamers.
This is great new, how about their parents?

Lame.  Immigration laws only apply when it feels good?
Keep protesting him!!
Tragically Trump WH doesn't start from place of basic human decency, that we have to fight SO hard for basic human decency. #Dreamers #DACA
This is great...but..I think he is trying to take some of the sting away from what is happening. Polls low..he is scared
You mean we still have basic human decency in our society? WOW!!
A small step in the right direction. So cruel to make immigration policy changes retroactive.
They sponsor their parents then after so many yrs here they get SS with out putting in a dime that's how it works. SS is broke already
Actually undocumented immigrants pay into social security and can't withdraw later. You need to be angry at illegal employers.
Don't know his motivation but it's a very welcome decision. I hope the devil that possessed him, allow him to be human every now and then.
Dreamers can stay in USA as long as they don't support Mexico in usa-mexico soccer match
Human decency?  Your "resistance" fighter almost killed 4 Republicans in a ballpark b/c of your violent "any thing goes" message of hate!
@realDonaldTrump    Why would you leave people in this country illegally to take up seats in American schools. You promised to deport them.
Bet it'd be a diff story if they were coming for YOUR job or livelihood! #Truth
We laugh & mock a vulgar TV huckster. Sadly, there is no humor in the downfall of a U.S. President. Redemption will not be easy.
California native. My family's been in the 'wine country' since Spanish Colonial time. You are brilliant. Loved you as CA AG.
Why not give POTUS any credit? Maybe our Lord and Savior is working in Donald Trumps Heart? I Pray he works for yours as well #HopeFaithLove
Key word here is heart.
Sen Kamala Harris campaign Paid Rep.Maxine Waters $63,000.00 for Endorsements. CORRUPTION & ILLEGAL!!!
#Dreamers

Now if we could just get a ruling to stop dragging their parents out of the country.
Are we sure this is real? I don't feel as though I can trust anything that's coming out of this administration to be truthful.
The new York slime balls. And you commie libs say he wants to break up families. Jesus you guys are pros at pushing false narratives.
Excellent.
If they break the "Dreamer" rules or commit crimes they will be deported just like all those who disrespect the sovereignty of the USA.
I don't trust a snake, it's not in his words, it's in his actions.
It still feels like they will continue to live here in constant uncertainty which seems cruel.
The headline of this article is deceptive. The administration backtracked almost immediately with a "...for now" response.
But what about the undocumented parents? This admin is hysterical over immigration. #BuildAWallAroundHim #TrumpRussia #TraitorTrump #Conman
Wanting to enforce immigration law is not hysterical. 
Your hashtags on the other hand...

Trumpophobia causes hypocrisy and memory loss.
Not if they go after their parents?!!
After deporting so many
Thank you, Senator, but I fear that until this is mandated by the courts, he'll just change his mind again.
Dreamers need protection they were born here the children. God bless u
Very disappointing to hear.
Kamala, you have a public acknowledged sex history with a married man for political gain. you have disgraced all women with this revelation
He's trying to raise his numbers with independents
They should HAVE to apply for citizenship if they want ANY benefit from U.S. govt
scared, really ,what a joke.wants what's best, even for you haters
At least there is one good thing
Thank you President Trump
Human decency is law breaking?
Oh hi Rockstar!
TRY SNEAKING INTO MEXICO
Your pithy comments during hearings were heard across the globe...you earned your pay...and more.
DEPORT ALL ILLEGAL ALIENS!!!!
watch him reverse himself tomorrow morning, and send ICE for them
All right...let's hear that Trump love roar!
I think Trump mistakenly checked the wrong box on the Dreamers paperwork.
Score one for the good guys...
the good guys ain't socialist fanatic modern leftists I can tell you that right now. Guarantee You!Their agenda requires the downfall of u.s
Thank you for your comment.
Any comments on Apprentice Programs?!!  Fantastic things happening despite CORRUPT DC Establishment!!  #MAGA
Just don't be in the same location as other undocumented immigrants.
Sun shines on a turd once in awhule
Stay in the the fight! Democracy needs you more than ever! Also, consider 2020 Just sayin 
