Well Saint Kamala looks like after much deliberation your Obama Care is in critical condition.
How John Wayne would it be for McCain to dramatically vote against the motion, and announce his retirement.  He would be a bi-partisan hero.
That would be amazing!!
Better late than never.
LOOKS LIKE JOHN WAYNE SHOWED UP TO THE PARTY!! HAPPY FRIDAY 
Feeling good Diane, feeling gooooood.
Need a name... Or should I call u "Do"? Lol!
sorry, my manners. Mike. Nite.
Goodnight Mike, Sleep well
Would prefer you not reduce human lives to "1/6 of the economy," thanks
Just say it, say they're going to kill people, why can't you all just say it
Republicans want to murder my friends via legislation and here you are fretting over some money
Are senators actually considering voting for an unknown policy of the highest importance just because trump says so?!!
Well Dem senators voted for a pack of lies just to please the first black president so...
I bet something boring is in it #MenTellAll
You mean like this? https://youtu.be/hV-05TLiiLU    #Hypocritical #ImposedGovernment #Repeal #ACA #Liberty
Out of context.  Read the whole thing, for heaven's sake, and stop with edited YouTube crap.
The context is the original bill by the Dems in 2008 was passed before it was released. THAT IS the context. This is all a mess! #Liberty
You've been punked
. "Punked"? R we in Jr. High? No problem conceding @NancyPelosi being taken out of context.Fact remains, Dems passed #ACA b4 publicized.
Yes, you are still in Jr. High bc you don't know what a fact is. You're 0 for 2.
You're still resorting to juvenile attacks. Here's the facts on legislation as #ACA was being debated in 2009:
Did you notice 45's description of Trumpcare sounded exactly like the ACA w $$$ for the opioid epidemic? He just wants to change the name!
He is just saying stuff.  None of it fits the trumpcare disaster bill.
I believe he's just placating us about the healthcare bill because no one has seen it. We all know 45 is a liar. Why would I believe him?
Hard to believe ANYONE believes ANYTHING he says.  But the deplorables are easy to fool.
Easy to fool unlike you, your intelligence and brilliance can see past Hillary and Bernie's corruption and lies, good for you, genius.
.@SenateMajLdr @TheDemocrats @SenFeinstein plz censure McConnell for “conduct that tends to bring the Senate into dishonor and disrepute”
Can you refer me to your tweets of Reid and Pelosi when they used congress as a rubber stamp for Obama, can't seem to find them.
Because such tweets don't exist.
exactly!
It's not hard to figure out what's in the plan. Pain & Suffering, Sickness & Death to 22+ million Americans. SO SAD!
At least 22 million.
Then I suggest you do not vote for it
Pretty sure she doesn't intend to, bubba.
Your voting to open can debate.
Stupid spell check added 'can'.
They don't want anyone to know. The GOP is about to throw millions of people off health care insurance.
CALLING @SenSasse & @SenatorFischer
After dozens of hearings, townhalls, amendments by both parties & a super-majority of 60 votes in the Senate.  Not the same thing.
You should pass the bill so you can read what's in the bill.
Or maybe just read English
Sounds just like when the original hot mess was unilaterally voted in with few knowing what the bill actually said.
i disagree friend. it was a months long discussion in great detail including forums on cable TV with open Q&A. just not like it this time
Won't there be discussion on the bill when it's on the floor?
It IS possible for leadership to minimize that...
welcome to the show dummy
Or not
Republicans have thrown this together so fast, they don't know what's in it either
Will Sen Harris do someting good for her poor, unemployed constituents? Pass merit immigration
Digital world online home business Google play store open champcash app install champcash online earn money free joining refer id 11871689
Oh u mean like the Dems did when they passed Obamacare. U don't remember ur fearless leader, "We have pass it before we know what's in it."
I really dislike these radical Republicans
They'll tell you after they sacrifice that last goat
Great answer!
@monicaraymund   It says BLAH,BLAH,BLAH and BLAH all
2738 pages.
She didn't just tweet that & you didn't just retweet that sounding a whole lot like @NancyPelosi LMAO
Probably because most of them don't know either. Even "funnier" is that @realDonaldTrump is about to talk about. He doesn't know ANYTHING.
Be fair. Trump knows how to launder Russian mafia money. He also knows how to lie, cheat, and steal.
Valid point.
I also dislike it when even the GOP takes a page from the Pelosi playbook. You shouldn't have to pass something to know what's in it.
That plan was put together with bipartisan planning. It was always out in the open to both sides and the public. Just long and complex.
Please explain what you mean by "bipartisan planning" and which republicans were consulted in the drafting of Obamacare. Pray tell.
And for the record, just because O-care was drafted without GOP input, that shouldn't justify the republicans to employ the same tactics.
Funny- where was your outrage when this same thing ( but worse) was done in 2010? Lol... oh wait
Do you really think that would make a difference? No. Democrats just say no.
Regular order is an essential part of the governing process. Bills need hearings/testimony/markups/amendments to make sound policy
I agree but where is the bipartisanship in Washington today. Both sides are not acting like Americans, more like children. America is sick o
That is unacceptable - for any party to do.
Only one party is attempting it
True. I'm attempting to make it clear to Conservatives, that wrong is wrong. Regardless. If Dems were doing the same, I'd call them out.
Why am I thinking of Nancy Pelosi all of the sudden? It's remarkable the GOP is doing exactly what the Democrats did. We're screwed.
Taking away health care from 22M+ people? Huh. I must have been asleep during the last decade.
I'm being critical of both.
I think you can be critical of both, but the Democrats did not push a bill through that no one saw. There were town halls. Partisan talks.
I get it. But not one republican voted for the ACA. I'm not for one or the other. See Godfather 2. They're all part of the same hypocrisy.
You can be critical of both, but the hypocrisy here is just unreal. Not a fan of Pelosi at all, but come on. This is unbelievable.
The only reason they are ramming this in is to wash away Obama's legacy. That is all the Trump presidency has been
If ACA is part of his legacy then Barack should be cheering congress on to repeal it. Its not something he should want to be remembered for.
Just vote NO, please. I know you will!
So you think she should vote for something in which 22-32 M will lose health ins?  Or do you buy the Repubs schtick that that # is a lie?
Wait you mean it's different when you guys do it? Hmmmm such short memories down in that sespool called DC
No, it's different when it's different.
You don't need context. We have to pass it before we read it I'm not taking sides I disagree with both just reminding of hypocrisy thats all
Deal with the facts, if you can.
Pretty self explanitory very clear to me I don't need Trumpsplaining from the left so I'll thank you now snowflake now get off my TL
Yes they have, you're just not listening
Or not reading it I've read the damn bill for heaven sake's
The "Brain Power" of team Trump is amazing. When Obama care is replaced and repealed and the tax cuts are done. Trump train unstoppable
Don't bet the lunch money on that.
I don't bet. "I felt this thrill going up my leg" circa @HardballChris
Wow, now that's a women
And she knows how to use it.
The economy is not the issue here
i need update on the bill
But Obamacare! /s
Knowing what you're voting on is so 2016!
Sounds like the finance bill and the original health care bill from 2008 and 2010. Republicans and Dems treat us the same.
Anything they come up with would be better than the disaster your horrible group (dems) created
"1/6 of our economy" is a cruel way to regard sick Americans
They are voting to bring it to the floor for debate this is something you should know being a senator maybe not if a democratic
What does the fact it "impacts 1/6 of our economy" have to do with anything? Isn't health-care provisioning important in itself?
Single payer now.
Does it really matter what's in it?  If it's coming from Republicans your voting no anyway
Do we know which version yet or is it another blind vote?
Bill Cassidy and John Kennedy have chosen party & donors over people. They both vote YES on anything GOP
I call'em everyday
JUST SAY NO!!
It is the mode of operations Republican style! Keep'em in the dark & pregnant! McConnell gets more than one salary. He gets a commission ***
Its a fucked up mess Obama created
Really solid points there, plenty of data and analysis
OK, look, this 1/6 of the economy line DOESN'T RESONATE. It's too abstract. It's like talking about half a yellow. Find something real.
In prayer...
Kinda like Podesta's Spirit Cooking.  Bernie's threekret thauth.
Universal Healthcare! Now!
Sounds like the Democrats...doesn't it...I surprised you don't remember that...#MAGA...
They learned from Pelosi and Harry Reid!
Hold that floor
"You've got to pass it to find out what's in it."
How about focusing on "your lives will be made worse" instead of a procedural argument.

Like it matters to you Senator. You'll be voting against this bill whether you knew what was in it or not
We'll never know.
Also it'll kill a lot of people. You know the important part of this
Voting on House Bill to proceed.
Dems don't have the credibility to ask for "what's in it" before it's been passed.
Shhh...it's a secret! Amer ppl don't know they're about 2 be screwed royally by the GOP just 2 give Bully Trump a "win"
GOP=bunch of cowards
You have to pass the bill before you read it.~Nancy Pelosi.  C'mon all the cool kids are doing it. #thanksobama
nobody gives a shit about the economy, kamala, they care about their loved ones and themselves being sentenced to death

get with it
Sounds familiar.  "Pass it and we'll read it later," said Nancy. And NO, I didn't vote Trump (or HC). Just keeping things straight.
Why should they?  There's no bipartisan work going on.  To the contrary, Democrats have said they wouldn't vote to support any bill.
Sounds eerily familiar ....
In the words of the great Nancy Pelosi.."You must pass the bill, to see what's in it!"
Kinda like the original ACA bill, huh?
Your Physicians receptionist will explain it to you when you are denied treatment unless you have cash.
Republicans don't count with a health plan real message for disaster......
#trumpcare so many lives wouldn't have 2 be lost if there would be enough disaster poor coverage N very expensive REAL MESSAGE 4 DISASTER
When Pelosi said " you got to pass it before you read it" just showed the ignorance of the Democrats as they stayed silent.
Sending my luck to you all.
Reminds me of a shit bill y'all stuck us with without reading it in 2010. Karma is such a female dog.
I guess you'll just have to wait and see what's in it AFTER the vote, just like Pelosi told America when the idiot program was forced on us.
Then how is a bill that most of you haven't seen, be voted on; like going into a voting booth blindfolded !!
You mean like the Democrats did when they rammed through Obamacare?
So why aren't you filibustering it, letting in protesters to stop it?
Did you have same opinion when they made big mess of great system beaded on all big fat lie?
@EricRutty
How can you vote on something without any info on it? Is this normal practice?
And WHAT was your version 8 years ago ?  Did Nancy read you a bedtime story , oh that's right it was only a book with no words ( obamacare )
You could resign.
Most of them probably don't know what's in it. Such a shame that they are so desperate. They all should be town out
20,000 pages of crap
This is what's in it! Erf
The fact that you phrased this in terms of the economy speaks volumes.  #SinglePayerNow
This might sound familiar.
@ira Harris get out of my government!
It's time the @GOP to stop hiding their tail between their legs. They are pledging loyalty to a man who will inevitably screw them over.
You corporate Dems got us into this mess - don't pretend to GAF
That is because they don't know what is in it.
HMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM
Obama care is horrible
P.S. if you wanted my vote coming up you should have stood for and with @SenSanders .

#BernieWouldHaveWon
Aka millions of us.
...rewinds and reminisces that no one knew what obamacare was all about
Get answers for us, Senator Harris. #YouGotThis
How was your trip to the Hamptons?
I'm awaiting your run for presidency in the future.
Where have I heard this before? Oh yes! Call Nancy Pelosi. She will explain how this works ...
THIS is the Republican plan , , .
It's time to recognize that our republic is in the midst of a bloodless civil war.
That is only because republicans do not know what's in it!
And how does that make you feel???
Be profiles in courage. Start DEMANDING #MedicareForAll en masse. Other wise, all you're fighting to preserve is this
Cause the Rebs, don't even know what's in it! Dear God, who ARE these people?
Dems need to focus on the theft of health care to provide a tax cut for the wealthy as the message for 2018 and beyond.
They just opened it up to debate.  UNMASK their PR re "a promise to the American people to repeal Obamacare?" #lyingGOP @SenFeinstein
You didn't tell us what was in the ACA.......
Because they don't know either! Hate reaches new heights.
Republicans don't actually give a fuck about the people. I hope you aren't surprised by this behavior.
In rural areas it is a far greater part of the economy!
I LOVE YOU MONICA RAYMUND DAWSON FROM CHICAGO FIRE YOU ARE VERY BEAUTIFUL GORGEOUS WOMAN AND THE HUSBAND OF MATT. I LOVE YOU VERY MUCH
How about we don't give Medical Power of Attorney to a bunch of elected bureaucrats? Radical thought, I know.
People are going to DIE if this gets passed, and you wanna talk about ECONOMY? Clinton's donors already influencing you?
"1/6 of our economy" ....
@GOP a 'yes' today and you will have blood in your hands. Our family is on ACA...just fix it
Kamala - It impacts people. People will die. How about leading with that?
My point being Sen., its either acceptable on BOTH sides of the isle or it isn't. Personally I say its not acceptable for either Dem or Rep
But if I recall Nancy Pelosi said exactly the same thing when it was voted in...we have to approve it to see what's in it...I believe
By 1/6 of our economy, do you mean "human beings"?
"We'll have to pass it to find out what's in it." Sound familiar?
.@SenKamalaHarris it is not fair to our patients and the vulnerable populations. Continue to fight the good fight. Thank you.
Just remember for 2020 >>>>>  "She's the One!"
How are you expected to vote for something that you haven't seen?
Again?? This bastards!!!
You mean like the democrats did with Obamacare
LOLOLOL, where was this concern when Obamacare was being pushed through ?????? you're a fraud !!!
Thought you had to pass it before you see what's in in? Huh pelosi???  Keep losing seats
They can do what Obama did sign & read it later. They never read any of the bills they http://passed.wtf 
@ira If U knew how to read U would know what's in it! Your obstruction is cowardly!

Harris for President 2020

Right because the Democrats told us what was in theirs? The problem here is you're such a hypocrite!
The vote is to bring a bill up to discussion
You will have to pass it to see what's in it, sound familiar
How many times do we have to tell these selfish Republicans that health care is more important than tax cuts for the rich?!?
Pelosi: "We have to pass the bill so that you can find out what is in it" #hypocrisy
That's ok, we're in this position thanks to the Dem party working for their donors and against the people. Your donors are going to profit..
You have to pass the bill so you can find out what is in it...sound farmiliar?
Did any democrats voice this concern when Obamacare was voted on?
Look who their boss is. Typical!
Kamala Harris is the 2nd worst thing behind Gov. Brown that has happened to California
Sing not going to vote for in any way you leftist Looney why do you need to know. You're a political hack who has destroyed California
You mean like what happened with the last Administration that took over 1/6 of our economy and its failing miserably?
Any chance you asked what was in it? Or are you spouting this out to get your 2020 campaign ready?
You can say 23 million people. Say 23 million people. 23 million people. Economy who cares, 23 million people.
There are 10 trillion (with a T) examples over last 8 years that budget considerations were never a factor. Why does it matter now? #deficit
no one cares about the fucking economy. what about the PEOPLE who are going to DIE
The fact you had no problem not knowing what was in #Obamacare shows what a hypocrite you are. #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
Awwww- to quote your bestie- 'we have to read the bill to know what's in the bill'. Fun times, right!!
As someone with a genetic handicap who sees specialized doctors this is scary. Will I no longer be able to afford care that keeps me alive?
OK, you haven't been told what's in the HC Bill but your saying how bad it is? Thanks for letting us know.
talk about the lives that would be lost, not the money
Nobody knew what was in OCOMMIECARE when it passed with NOT ONE REPUBLICAN VOTE. 
HYPOCRITE. 
OCOMMIECARE RUINED EXISTING H/C
 ABYSMAL FAIL
Kamala in 2020
Hmm....sounds eerily familiar. #ACARepeal #liberalhypocrisy
sounds lot like Pelosi saying you have to pass Obamacare before you can see whats in it.
Don't Give Up Fighting For Our Healthcare! They are going to attack Medicare next!!
"We have to pass the bill so that you can find out what is in it..." This time, literally.

That's what all you pathetic leftists were perfectly ok with just a few years back. Wonder why no one takes you seriously?
That sounds like Obama care.
It doesn't matter, your party will just vote against it anyway, because that is all you do. Why not vote to proceed today? Scared to debate?
They dont NEED to Madam, Doom & Destruction is always Preceded by Silence and Afterwards by the stench of Death! #SuperMaxTrumpWing
And they need to attempt to hurry McCain to FLY after brain surgery to vote. If he's risking health issues I hope he votes NO
You should be okay with that since the then Speaker of the House, Nancy Pelosi, said we had to pass the bill to find out what's in it!
Think they are following Pelosi's lead and have to pass it before you can read it. #VoteIncumbentsOut
I'm getting flashbacks to 2010
Now you know what the 50% of us felt like during Obama Administration!!  Peace, Love Hypocrites!
How does this happen? No rule that gives people a number of hours to read bill before vote? Serious question.
#Resist #Indivisible !!!
Tell th to vote NO
How many swings to they get at this? It's seems like they struck out already.
Did the Democrats tell us what is in their bill? No, they did not. we had to "pass the bill to see what's in it". Obamacare failed.
Angel it is because they have no idea what's in it! @POTAS will be clueless and the rest couldn't' t organise a beer fest in the brewery
Kind of like ACA

Because is on "close doors" like in #venezuela or #russia. When people get impact with the #healthbill it will ALL REPUBLICAN RESPONSIBILITY
How is that even legal?!?
Well, Dems PASSED a HC bill without telling anyone what was in it.
Then vote NO.
why not participate in the process instead of complaining from the sidelines.   You act like you are a civilian without access.
We have to pass the bill to know what's in it.  Oh wait.  That was Obamacare.
Remember trump is not going to be around in 2018,  to save your ass.
Both Obamacare and the Bill their proposing now are both trash
Please vote no
Kamala, just like when Obamacare was passed. Lets vote it through and we can read it afterwards( see Nancy Pelosi)
Sounds like an automatic "No" vote.
