Yea right-like we're going to listen to another nutty liberal from a financially disasterous state like California with crappy Medical!


This guy needs to run for Prez  2020.
Indeed. That is a very great Kennedy, Joseph P Kennedy the 3rd. Hope he is 46th or VP 46TH. We NEED a Kennedy like this man.
The @GOP is a Money-Grubbing Cult: The Dishonest Leading the Dumb. @GOPSenate
Please America firgive us in SC. We gonna get him out..i promise..smh..ashamed of my rep..#sc5thvoter
Why can't I choose what HC I want for my family? Oh ya, that would mean self empowerment, something you are into.
And because if you or fam member have a pre existing cond you can't "choose" anything
That's because insurance isnt in the business of reimbursing people for their bad health.
She sure is hot.  I hope she's willing to reject corporate donations.  #MedicareForAll was a good first step.
Yeah, no. Here are some receipts: 

Molina Healthcare
Steve Mnuchin, former CEO of OneWest Bank, who she declined to prosecute for foreclosure fraud
Hi
Hi Jene. What brings you here?
Works process
Where from you please
America loves you @SenKamalaHarris
GOP SAYS : YOU CAN MOVE IF YOU DON'T LIKE 
"GOP lawmaker: those with pre-existing conditions may need to move"
 http://www.msnbc.com/rachel-maddow-show/gop-lawmaker-those-pre-existing-conditions-may-need-move … …
Our next president, I hope.
Keep up the good work Senator. We love you!
All lies! Each word u said! Lie lie lie
Thank you for spelling it out for us, and please consider running for potus in 2020. We need your voice.
Let's NOT talk because you are a waster, of time, with words, just now.  Strategy with you DDDs is not available.  BOB MENENDEZ gonna go!
This bill puts people "at risk" which really means a Death Sentence.
It's a death sentence for a good majority of Americans. Even for those idiots who actually voted them into Congress. Only the rich are safe.
So they don't want to eliminate the middle class they truly want everyone that isn't rich to be gone.  #Shame
Trump along with the GOP Congressmen are trying to establish an Authoritarian Dictatorship & Kleptocracy. These are the steps they're taking
That was sure proven today in his UN speech.  Embarrassing and a little scary.  I'm 70 years old & I've never seen anything like it.
NO ONE has ever heard anything like It! But I'm not surprised...he is a childish bully & sociopath. He's unstable, dangerous & irresponsible
#thx for that speechkamala harris#
This is all BS!!!!
Thank you for fighting for us. Without Obamacare, my baby would not be here. She was in the hospital 72 days. We both almost died.
Such a pity you couldn't be 'legislating' in Jamaica or India. White America went to the moon without Jamaicans or Indians. You are a drag.
why did you vite for the $700 billion military spending bill you sellout?
Would you prefer a different country to have the best military? If so, which one?
Why are we listening to bureaucrats about healthcare in the first place? Is squabbling with neighbors over insurance coverage what we want?
Let's talk about mending the ACA instead of blindly following Sanders over a cliff.
Senator, can you provide a transcript of this video? I'd like to use some of the data when making my resistance calls.
How is it that you are living in a multi-million dollar home that is not even in your district?
What a surprise. The day you praise your political opponents for anything is the day your brain falls out of your butt.
Let's talk about YOUR DOPE HABIT.  Wtf are you doing, spinning this in a dead end?  Catch Mueller and look good, OR lose Menendez and LOSE.
This #GOP bill will allow the drug companies to continue to make us pay the highest prices in the world.
Didn't California just scrap it's single payer bill because it was going to cost $4 billion per year? Is California headed for the Pawn Shop
Trumpers (25% of registered voters) can't win without Russia's help.
I hate the fact that there is no transparency with our world today. I want to know facts, not opinions. You cant find facts these days.
Yes. Finally an illegal tax will be repealed.  AMEN
You can't fix stupid Sen. Harris.  You have a large concentration of them, right across the aisle.
Thank you again for fighting for us Senator Harris
Kamala, why aren't Ethics violations applicable, when lawmakers hurt the American public? What good is an oath of office?
Hi
NO! OKLA is doing this now! counting 6m of unemployment twice -knocking out any chance of HC STATE HELP! LOSE YOUR JOB-LOSE YOUR HEALTHCARE
Lets stop talking and start passing it.
A country that condemns its' citizen's to no access to affordable health care is just as morally reprehensible as any murderous Dictatorship
I'm kinda sick of watching you guy vote the debt ceiling up again and then watch you waste those tax dollars on not doing anything.
keep up good work, thanks
Thank you for the update
#TrumpCare2.0
If the ACA was so fantastic why is The Senate exempt from it ?
Try to keep up
You are a flipping whacko!
LIAR!! evcery word out of a Democ RATS mouth!!
If this shit passes almost everyone replying wld be fucked, or know someone who wld be fucked..whether they agree or not #onlytherichsurvive

It's up to you AZ, KS, AK, ME, WV or OH to oppose #CassidyGraham! CALL, TWEET, FAX, EMAIL or text RESIST to 50409. Main DC (202) 244-3121 
This will impact 32 M people and would kill more people than terrorism does. This repeal is an act of terror in a Corporatocracy
Madam President
Harris / Kennedy 2020
commenting not on any bill but your utter hypocrisy. Until u have to live with & be on ACA now & after u leave office, please shut up.
Senator, I support you. But your so-me staffers need to learn the art of the hash tag!
I called all 3 this a.m. Sens Cassidy, Kennedy n Rep.Graves. Republicans, one-and-all, not an oz. of courage among them
Congress is allowing this! We will vote out every member possible for 2018! 
@LindseyGrahamSC @SenJohnMcCain @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins
The GOP wants sick and poor people to die...who needs them right?  A drain on the rich.  I am so sad for a total lack of social empathy.
Thank you for explaining. I support your (and others) opposition to this bill.
time to get rid of barrycare
We the people choose 2 protect the smallest,helpless & innocence.We do not support Planned Parenthood with your Web of Lies.#StopFundingPP
Ms. Harris, please run for President 
Citizens who PAY 4 HC hate OC; We can't afford it !  "Working America" is NOT Seeing  a Doc when should!  PASS TC Bill= Can Tweak it Later
If we have the power and the people, can we not create what we need right now? It's great to work with people, but
to give our power and our people to those who are more concerned with something other than our health and well being, then
Shouldn't we create what benefits our health and well being most?
Or at least have options of alternatives rather than nothing at all?
Meeting the basic needs of the people benefits the country and world, unless the basic needs of the people are of no concern.
Please stay strong do not vote for this

Let's talk about you running for president. 

#Breaking:#ObamaCare Is Creating Uninsured Crisis Among #MiddleClass.#RepealObamacare @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins http://www.investors.com/politics/columnists/betsy-mccaughey-obamacare-is-creating-an-uninsured-crisis-among-the-middle-class/ …
Blessed Be 
I'm beginning to think that rewriting disaster is a cover-up for something that stinks even worse.
#MuellerIsComing
What's good about @GOP ?
#GOPropaganda
#PenceLies 
#RepublicansWasteTimeAndMoney
#WhiteSupremacistGOP
Let's see Congress #TaxReturns 
NOW.
You really CAN'T call it a "health care" bill! There's NO health care in it!
Let's talk about why you gave the military $700bn, most of which will be funneled to contractors to make weapons we don't need.

#Breaking:Lying #Dems Don't Care About Anyone But Votes/Power.Will Do Anything To Undermine #Trump.Repeal #Obamacare https://twitter.com/thedeliaaspect/status/908525240686448645 …
Thank you, Senator Harris. As a physician who cares deeply about excellent health care for all, I echo the call to say, NO, not again, ever.
When my 30yr marriage ended so did my ins. "Pre-existing conds" locked me out of ins for 4 long yrs of pain & dysfunction from Mito disease.
It means I won't be cohersed into a tax bill which is masquerading as health care or fined because I'm too poor to afford the cluster F.
Please seduce @SenJohnMcCain to assure his vote against this #aca attack ...too important for cogent debate...Kamala in 2020
Kamala please run for PResident.  My family loves you. 
Great summary of just how bad this bill is!
That only means it is a great bill.
I concur!
Liberal rants without basis so far: Russia-gate, vote manips (0 GOP style, Dems being arrested for fraud constantly) and this, sad losers.
Your party destroyed Americans healthcare by passing Obamacare. Yjis is just another bunch of lies.
Have you actually read the law, or are you using Nancy Pelosi's example of not understanding what's in the Bill? Scare tactics by Democrats!
You sure you have time for this in between taking care of illigals and Old Willies Willie?
Break down pls.
Kamala, please keep fighting! I among other's are grateful for your effort. Thank you!
1/2 stand up America let our voices be heard enough is enough
What the #GOP is doing is horrible with our healthcare if this stupid bill passes all #GOP in House and Senate should lose their seats
Be sure to tell the @GOP Senators who vote yay to prepare for retirement nxt re-election period! How can they vote for bill w/out CBO score
Kamala wants to repeal Obamacare. What do you think Medicare for all does?
You are a wretched #PROPAGANDIST spewing FEAR, HATE & LIES! How DO you look at yourself each day?
Lol.. Let's talk about YOU accusing POTUS of LYING in ur MARCH tweet about his Campaign being witetapped... where is your APOLOGY?
GOP says they oppose redistribution of wealth. U should offer amend requiring block grant amount be linked to how much tax $$ from the state
You a establishment tool! Version 2! Are u advocating for the 32TRILLION sen sanders proposal! Bankrupt country!Why are they propping u up?
queen say it louder for the ppl in the back and run in 2020

A health bill by Graham & Cassidy
Has bigly amounts of opacity,
Though details within
Are roughly akin…
Thank you for your leadership!
Then PLS don't endorse Bernie's plan & cult hoping to kill ACA. He helped tank 1993 HillaryCare. It took us over a decade to get ACA after.
You were great in "Philadelphia"
WE ARE NOT SOCIALIST @SenSanders 

WE ARE AMERICANS
Hi Bernie!

You must be effin' joking with this? Oh, right. You're a "Christian" fascist.  Take the 2x4 out of your own eye, hypocrite.
Magnificent Kamala! You are a true leader. Problem is we have 30% of white male population who are racist& misogynists as exemplified by DT
If replacing Obamacare with Trumpcare is such a great plan, then test it on Trump supporters and Republicans that vote for it.
We should return to the idea that Trump should EO Congress out of their OCA subsidies

What in Heaven's name can we do Kamala... these republicans are the plague
Show respect, bots. You're tweeting at the next President, and a far better one, I might add. 

#Harris2020
@lisamurkowski I beg you - #VOTENOonGrahamCassidy  #IAmAPreexistingCondition as are my kids. #SaveOurCare PLEASE
Thank you for your NO vote. Keep pressing your colleagues to make the right choice for their constituents. #NoGrahamCassidy
Single payer is a socialist ploy for more government & less freedom.
DT did say in a video he can't stand poor people
This morning we called urging a no vote w/ four of our senators. Me, my husband, our daughters in 2 different states & we will keep calling!
Could you have done this earlier? We are not flotsam and jetsam to be pulled to and fro. We are afraid our government will let us die.
LET EM KNOW QUEEN RT @SenKamalaHarris: Let’s talk about what the Graham-Cassidy bill (aka Repeal the (cont) http://tl.gd/n_1sq6off 
PLEASE VOTE AGAINST THIS ABOMINATION! WE ARE COUNTING ON OUR TWO SENATORS!
Kamala in 2020!
#Resist #WeThePeople the fight is on until September 30 12 midnight! Resist, organize and make voices heard to protect #Obamacare
HERO 
Thank you!
we see what youre doing. and what the DNC is doing. bernie is going to win cali in a landslide
Do you all understand that insurance options have shrunk and insurance companies are at risk of failure... Krazy Kamala you need to go.
Thank you for fighting for my son
There were "real human beings" when dems.f rammed O-care down our throats.  You really don't care abt Americans-illegally exempted yourself.
Medicare for all is something that we can look forward to after we stabilize our debt and repair the damage that Trump and GOP have done
There is a majority of Americans that are center left or center right and we are being overlooked. The country needs to heal and regroup
Senator Harris you are greatly respected and the future of our party. Now is not the time to give the GOP the excuse to repeal the ACA.
@Lnonblonde    Get ready Kamala!   You will be the next President of the United States!!!
The fight to keep the GOP from repealing the ACA is too important to be muddled by the insertion of Medicare for all. First get ACA codified
Explain your vote on the 'National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018'....
Let D states decide whether 2 keep Ocare, not fed govt. Not quite a repeal but still better 4 states that don't want it. Full repeal ideal
Kamala for president
Let's fight back! My Mom shouldn't have to worry about access to her cancer treatments. The GOP are greedy jerks!
It's clearly crap.
You are NOT for people.
My two Senators just rubber stamp whatever Trump wants to do. I have emailed and called his office so many times, but will keep up the fight
Thank you
Only a few days ago you were doing  medicare for all . and here we are still defending ACA with teeth.
you and bernie are ridiculous
I called and left messages.
Me too!!
It's actually take 4 & it's just as bad if not worse than when this nonsense started. To hell with @SenMajLdr @SenateGOP & @POTUS. NO Repeal
Irrelevant irrelevant.  Hope you get it.
I thought you were talking about the ACA.
This may be the most important woman of this decade! People need to listen to her and take her serious! A strong Woman with tenacious ideas!
Pitching the Yorker!!
Let's talk about what Bernie's stupid bill does. Repair ACA!
Do you think the ACA in its current manifestation is financially sustainable at current funding levels?
You do releize that 8 years ago this did not exist. We were better off back then. At least we knew we could be treated then. Now who knows
You're rude & classless, I learned that watching numerous senate hearings where you proved it.
Never work like promised. We will have to pay off congressman to get to front of long line waiting for treatment .
What's your fix for the American families skyrocketing med ins horror? Anything we would rely on?
Let's instead talk about your failure to prosecute Mnuchin and his bank.
Everyone should listen so many facts who would want this plan
Yes, thank you for standing up! We must no longer place profits before people.  Let's join the rest of the indust world.
Thank u 4 doing what is right! Seriously WTH is wrong w/u @BillCassidy @LindseyGrahamSC? My child has T1 diabetes, an autoimmune condition.
@PrincessBravato  Republicans are asking for civil war. Keep fucking with us and you'll be hiding in bunkers for safety.

Thank you for standing against this Bill Senator. No to Graham Cassidy!
Thanks Kamala. You're great.
Thank you for your no vote on #GrahamCassidy

WOW. 

Please take 5 minutes & listen to @ElenaHung202 of @LittleLobbyists explain just how dangerous …
She a lawyer she should sue other nations for providing healthcare for illegals
She lying it hasn't been scored yet Obamacare 27 million will lose HEalthcare . Stop illegal immigration
Call your senators folks! In time  we all will have an illness that puts us in the "pre-existing" category. This is inhumane.
This law actually promotes domestic violence and drunk drivers
Ask Kamala if she agrees with resolution Jerry brown put forth tax payer money to defend criminal illegals and send illegals to college
She doesn't support the bill because California hoping to steal for tax dollars from other states . Like the aca.
Let's see how much Kamala knows about HEAlthcare ?nothing Medicare for all 2016 seniors paid 7500 in premiums per person
Let's talk about Bernie bill 32 trillion who cares about HEAlthcare when your nuked by North Korea
Thank you for being so visible.  It helps me as a voter.
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP @realDonaldTrump How many times do we have to collectively say NO! Leave ACA alone. Stand strong @SenJohnMcCain.
32 million lose..many more millions will lose meaningful coverage! This applies to employer plans too. REPUBS ARE GUNNING FOR OUR LIVES!
Politics 101: No-one on earth hates Americans like the GOP hates Americans.
They love American citizens . I am good with that
Senators or Congressman from CA must not be allowed in US congress any longer CA is a SANCTUARY STATE rejected US laws .
Let's talk about you supporting Feinstein, the hag who opposes single payer. #fraud
Apparently, you don't.
