We need you to run for president and get this clown out of the white house.
On her whole list of maybe 2 accomplishments? Please...
That means she has one more accomplishment than Trump And if it McConnell didn't go nuclear the supreme court would still have an empty seat
Trump has accomplished a lot compared to Harris. You may not like what he has accomplished but Harris is not going to win against Trump.
She probably isn't going to run. DUH.  What has Trump accomplished? I will be waiting for your reply.  I need a good laugh.
His executive orders, the economic recovery continuing. I am not saying these are all him but the perception of low-info voters see it's him
Nobody cares about that. That's not going to win elections and you know it.
Awesome. Still, white women voted more for @realDonaldTrump over @HillaryClinton - doesn't matter that she won popular vote w/ Elec. College
Who cares? They voted for who they thought was the better candidate. Hillary Clinton was a terrible candidate.
I agree. I wasn't saying she should have won. I'm pointing out  that even with 19th Amendment, nothing changed the outcome of the election
Maybe, maybe not. But it does allow more people to voice their opinion in the government. Just like the 15th amendment.
Yet, the majority of white women voted for this misogynist.
Complacency is just as bad
And more to come under this admin.
Start organizing that voter fraud early.....illegals, dead people, multiple states... then tweet about the rule of law again
YES AND No lazy-asses ever changed ANYTHING. POSITIVE, Enlightened and caring participation is a requirement for our democracy's survival.
How do we fight this bigot and his pardon, his transgender ban? Nothing seems to deter this killer of democracy
Everyone in the US telling their Rep to #ImpeachTrump or lose power themselves.  Then Sen. Harris & the rest of the Senate can remove him.
Stop trying to defend Trump.  He is a corrupt omnibigoted sexual predator & liar who is violating the Constitution & causing mass death.
Transgender ban. Charlottesville remarks. Pardoning a racist. Killing clean water/air regulations. Threatening every ally. Hundreds more
Very important point Senator Harris. If we speak out and vote we can end the nightmare the GOP and Trump have brought to our country.
Hola kamala como. Estas
A mi me  llegan las respuestas a través de  la  embajada de  E..E  U. U.   O por valija diplomatica.  Así que se pudran esperando.
Just remember which political party was on the right side.
"California Republican named A.A. Sargent introduced the 19th Amendment only to see it voted down by a Democrat-controlled Congress"
Keyword - citizens
And that's how it should always stay.
Your tweet (notification) in these secs. Sen Kamala Harris, TRUTHFULLY, (FAMILY)
1920 Ratified The 19th Amendment ; The Suffrage Right for Women to Vote, Sen.Kamala Harris, now watching @CNN TRUTH (Family)
6:22pm CT. @FOXNEWS @SenKamalaHarris, cont'd coverage Watching
7:00pm CT. @TMC  The Movie Channel (PPV)  Movie: LINCOLN,  @SenKamalaHarris
9:30pm CT @TMC The Movie Channel, (PPV) Movie: THE CARETAKER @SenKamalaHarris
11:00pm @ShoWOMEN ch. (PPV) Movie: BODY,  @SenKamalaHarris
11:50pm @SyFy ch. Movie: Dark Skies,ends 12:10am.then @SyFy ch. Miovie: SILENT HOUSE, @SenKamalaHarris
2:02am Goodnight PRAYERS
Yes, and the simple task of checking an ID will not effect this one little tiny, itsy bitsy, iota.
Enjoy it while it lasts, SenKam... because Medieval Mike Pence intends to measure American women for chastity belts
#NeverTrumpHillary Women Suffrage Day 1996 Clintons No Compassion— Welfare of Feminism: Struggle in  Midst of Reform http://bit.ly/2vnBql8 
OMG...are you now the victim, Senator??
@4lisaguerrero when can we celebrate 25th amendment
This along with the 14th and 15th Amendments are not the ones Conservatives mean when they state they are "Constitutional Conservatives"
Apparently Republicans are not familiar with Amendment XIX, can't get pass 2nd Amendment. Remove confederate stuff in congress with XIX
But Congress is a bunch of Nazi's !
Eres  tan  bella.   Y. Atractiva.    Eres. Mi. Liuz.  De  mk.  Vida.
But we'll never vote for you... #CORPORATEDEM #womanvoter
what use is our voting if our public servants are too frightened or corrupt to act meaningfully on our behalf?
To be fair, @KamalaHarris has been kicking ass in that regard.
No, she hasn't, as AG she tried to pass a law to enter our homes without a warrant. FFS!
gx
Yes! Voting is a right and privilege.
Who's being denied a vote on account of sex in 2017?

On the flip side, who's voting illegally on account of party or political affiliation?
Agreed!

Collectively 
In
A
3rdPty,
Preferably 
Green!
Kam a lita y. Lo ve.   Voy. A ver.  La.    Pele    my.  Llve     .mw     gjsta.   Las. Afge a. 
Af kales
Also, the treason.  You all knew this election was hacked.  A coup was thrown on our soil by a hostile foreign power. You're all complicit
Such bullshit. You're milquetoast tweets and the responses from the majority of dems highlight the fact that you're all playing a dirty game
If Congress has the power why hasn't Congress fixed gerrymandering problem & establ federal voter regulations to prevent voter suppression?
Just like 2a.
Sin. Ud. No. Haría. Nada.     Es.  La. Lu z ..que me. IluminA.
La.  Encuentro. Miuy. Bella   desde. Chile.
The question is what are you voting for
If the DNC hadn't allowed Koch to get control of 70% of state governments who then enacted voter suppression laws u wdn't need 2 tweet this
BLAH BLAH BLAH...if we are so powerful why is this criminal still in office, I am so frus, I am tired of hearing all the words and NO ACTION
This message makes me laugh, we have NO POWER over this president, he says and does what he wants,smarten up,this muckraker is too smart 4 U
The problem with this is the last sentence referring to Congress....
KAMALA 2020!
You're the one!
#Harris4Prez2020 
#Harris2020
But that's exactly what the electoral college did silence our votes and steal another election
GOP wants less to vote so attack voting is one of ways the GOP plans to win
Dems never wanted nor voted for civil rights bills.   Don't be a puppet ...Look it up.
@blueskymountain it's time to require the electoral college to vote with the majority. Not their political party!
As an Egalitarian, I agree. Everyone should be able to vote. Only restricting citizens under 18 years of age, and illegal aliens.
People don't vote on Amendments.
@SenKamalaHarris  You have no right to discuss this great achievement. You stand for Sharia Law. They don't give women rights.  #hypocrite

Amen!

Is there an amendment allowing men to vote? They might be breaking the law each time they go to vote. Just say'en. ;)
Ummm, I hope you aren't suggesting that dem's voters need to have ID or be here legally or...any thing like that. How rude! ;) Bad joke, lol
AND, we women MUST get out 2 VOTE! My great-grandmother sacrificed much 4 us. We must inform ourselves thru research 2 make the best choice.
cause Lord knows you haven't been getting much of those votes lately!!  #MAGA
The #ElectoralCollege unlawfully abridges our voices & #VotingRights; we need to end it now. No more slaveowners. #LetThePopularVoteSpeak
Yes, and I choose TRUMP!!
Get out and vote every election local, state, federal. It's your right and it's your civic duty
So, why did we need the 1965 Voting Rights Act?
Thx for this. If only the people who fight so hard to defend their right to free speech + guns also fought for the right for ALL to vote..
YAAAS!! I'm also looking forward 2 the anniversary of the #25thAmendment... we should think of a really big, awesome way 2 honor it... 
Thank you Republicans.
And thank you for fighting for the American people!
I hope you run on the Dem ticket
Students are back in school- pls continue posting like this; I know CA teachers like me will share with our students!
Oh the one 100% of democrats voted against? Nice pull
Instead they have policies in place that suppress the vote.
THE KEY WORD IS USE
Thank you for this reminder. 
But Russia will change our votes next time, no doubt
So you support open primaries and a party that doesn't tip the scales for one candidate? Voting for OUR candidate, not appointed one?

JW has warned California to clean up its messy voter registration lists - or else face a federal lawsuit: http://jwatch.us/yy1raN  
Show your identity first and then vote. The 19th Amendment was meant for American citizens, not for illegal immigrants.
How about women across the US collectively organizing to fight racism ? POTUS is a bigot# Does any group have Human Rights in the US ?
You are the Best @SenKamalaHarris #Happy #WomensEqualityDay #TRUTH come out #USA have our NEXT President be a Woman! #StrongerTogether Amen!

Stinging words for liberals from Dr. Alveda King, niece of MLK Jr, regarding why she chose 2cast a vote in the direction of President Trump. 
Voices don't count. If you speak louder doesn't make it law.

How about this?
Dems need to Get rid of the antiquated unfair Electoral College, I am in CA and I demand my vote be counted
And which party fought against its ratification?  Hint: _emocrat
Yes thanks to republicans
Do U stand up or sit down to pee??
#ImpeachNow
Thank you for posting this!
46 million did not vote in the Presidential election last year. Voter apathy is a huge problem.
Before DT, there was just KKKongress. DT is their chosen WEAPON against the American People! Putin helped! RepubliKKKans R TRAITORS/ENEMY!
So many are denied today, and ignored.
19th Amendment - Women's Equality Day. Trumps last official act yesterday.
We have been. We voted for you and yet 2/3 of the country is being held hostage by a Nazi! Your move?
Not according to @POTUS
Please explain
