Thank you @SenKamalaHarris for being one of the first senators to support @SenSanders #medicareforall!!  #proudcalifornian
Good for you?  We'll keep fighting while you disparage the possibilities.
Not sure where you get your news or economic ideas...I'm personally willing to pay more in taxes.  It'd still be cheaper than my deductible
You keep fighting for why we shouldn't bother, I'll keep fighting for why we should.  Thanks for engaging, but I've learned nothing new ...
1) 
2)
3) 
This will not end well.

I agree with you Janae. 
Everyone gets a unicorn as well.
Gotta make sure that centers of excellence will except Medicare reimbursement, e.g. DYK MayoClinics dont? #FailedTMJImplants #MyTMJMyCells
So this #MedicareInsureds #FaceOfWIHighRiskPool S° #InsPlanYear2017 Ind Ded $1500 #MedicareInsuredByProxy Can't Risk Gap cc @SenatorBaldwin
Yes, fight for Health Care now. But until voters clean out hostile/corrupted Congress & WH, this is more symbolism than accomplishment.
I'll have you know that even México has universal healthcare
Kamala is in every way the leader LEADER America so Desperately Needs!She is the Answer!Kamala must Be the 46th ! Yes She Can!Yes She'll  Be
Go go go!!! With you all the way! Medicare for all to the oval 2020!! #keepupthefight #kamala2020 #we willwin #futureisbrightusa
How'd did you fall for this? I thought you were going to be a great Dem candidate?
Medicare for all is not Medical Care for all. Most doctors don't take Medicare, for many good reason. Are you going to force them to?

Maybe you can pay for it all by selling hot air?
Medicare for all isn't in the Constitution and thus tyrannical. How can a Senator of a State endorse this? (By being corrupt herself)
We're on a roll that is truly unstoppable!
Why are you focusing on this political stunt instead of Graham-Cassidy  and protecting ACA?  You are putting politics ahead of people.

Let's see the CBO report. Or is this just another minority party parlor trick?
So when do you declare for the Presidency of the United States of America? 
I am convinced, that you alone can win in 2020!

You finally revealed the truth about yourself: You are a Communist/Socialist, no longer a Democrat. #ComradeHarris #HarrisIsASocialist
A crook introducing a crook...ppl will see her for what she is & judge her not by the color of her skin, but by the content of her character
I hope you are paying for this, socialist pig
It's a total shame that @NancyPelosi is against this.
What HYPOCRITES you all are!

Here's what Bernie said before and he was right! (then)
Thank U!Now, please vote NO on Cassidy Graham!New name 4 GOP's health care plan?MOC trying 2 divert the American ppl?GOP tweets abt tax ref.
#DNC @seanhannity Without a party leader the Dems are all over the board. Looking forward to the future leader herding his/her cats.
Thanks to the both of you
So when you have "Medicare 4 All," will "All" include you and Bernie and the other wannabe Politiburo members?
Introducing it is one thing. Beating back the billion dollar insurance lobby fear machine is another. Didn't hear the combat in the promo.
This rules! Thank you!
Medicaid does need an overhaul, but Medicaid for All is doomed to fail. 1/2
The difference between Medicaid and Medicare, is that Medicaid is free, but Medicare is not. 1.5/2
With no clear way of how Medicaid for All will be paid into, this will increase the national debt thru the roof. It's 20 Trillion atm. 2/2
If we're going to start with the basics, can we have food for all too. Groceries are more expensive than health insurance.
I know it won't happen, but I appreciate this shot across the bow
Got a plan to pay for it?  Or is this just part of your campaign?
Did you all discuss anything about the #AwanBrothers that supposedly stole classified information from @TheDemocrats ? I didn't think so.!
Does that include you
Trump loses  election quitting my job and living off the system won't be worth working
Ready for President Harris #Kamala2020
Good luck with that. Reelection is all you care about. Get out of MY healthcare!!!!!
You think doing this is going to get u elected president? It's not reality. Never going to happen!!!
That's awesome as long as you don't flip on it after elections. We the people are tired of fake politicians in it for themselves.
It's no surprise that you want a single payer socialist healthcare system. Just like the free college plan it's a Sander's pipe dream!
1/. You:  Fighting the good fight to prevent our currency issuer from funding broad public purpose when it issues our currency, thus ...
"...Without a bill for the public to scrutinize" #fixeditforyou
No.
If you joined "medicare for all" without knowing the cost, you are not a good steward of taxpayer dollars. If you know the cost, tell us.
4:02pm Just now again your tweet video (notification) @SenKamalaHarris TRUTHFULLY (Family) Watching @MSNBC  MTP , @SenKamalaHarris 
Glad you joined him hope all real Democratic senator join in Medicare for all
Our next President, Senator Harris
Agreed! Now we need to get #67percentunite #voteoutmeanin2018 so we can get a congress to bring this to the floor. Loved your words ysterday
You go girl! Thank you. WE NEED YOU
I look forward to seeing the bill draft. If Hyde Amendment not repealed, if women's health not addressed, cost addressed, I do not support.
My Fellow Americans:
Please have a look at this photo and then look at one from the GOP.
This photo shows the diversity that is the real US.
People over profit 
Gross.
EVERYBODY GETS A PONY!
who in 1987 said said medicare for all would bankrupt the US. what has changed? we are now 20 tril in debt so where is the money coming from
Sanders - this guy has dementia sounds like you do also. living off taxpayer dime

Proud of you, Sen. Harris!
Senator Harris we must have in mind when investigations complete ONLY ONE ACCEPTABLE RECOMPENSE for election theft. Gorsuch MUST STEP DOWN.
Can you discuss with others and get consensus. This is the only permanent damage.
