And mental health. Having unwanted children is detrimental to all involved.
If you have sex, you know that's where babies come from, so you must want to have a baby.
There are married couples that don't want to stop having sex to not have babies. They would like to plan.
So, buy your own.
I actually do. I also don't mind paying a little extra for those who can't. I actually follow the example of Christ not just talk about it.
I'm not sure you can affix the sharing of  methods of birth control to Jesus.
You know if the woman who bled for 12 years had birth control she may not have bled 12 years. BC used for more than birth.
Different issue
No, not really.
Then why do men regulate abortion more then gun sales?
Do they? Guns protect lives, or did you miss WW2, the church shooting ended with a good guy gun, happens often. Militia stops tyranny.

I listen to everyone.
One of the ways women issues will be out of the hands of MEN is to get majority in #Congress and preferable take the Oval!
Tough to do with the upcoming 2018 implosion of the @dnc, and MAGA candidates winning in GOP. What's going on with Awan and DWS?
KAMALA HARRIS IS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE DEATH OF KATE STEINLE! #boycottNFL #santaRosa #napaFire #columbusDay #thanksGiving #Streep #maga #trump
#GOPISSCAREDTOBEAMINORITY
I am Canadian, but watching what this administration is doing to your country it literally making me sick. Thankfully, we have single payer.
And many of your folks come here for the good and timely care. Don't languish on waiting list.
Hola  bella  mi  senadora. My.  Love   kamaliita mi. Reina.  Besitos  dime algo
Mi.  senadora  bella my. Love.  Quiero.  Saber  si. Tienes   tiempo.  Para. Todo.
No. My tax  should NOT cover birth control. Buy your own!!
Buy your own birth control. You want me to pay for your birth control and abortions. Personal accountability.
Go Pay for your own Birth Control.  Who the hell you think you are to have the government (That would be Taxpayers) pay.
Ms Harris.  Good deal at Walmart on Trojans- if u can’t afford them you don’t need it https://www.walmart.com/ip/Trojan-Pleasure-Pack-Lubricated-Premium-Latex-Condoms-12-CT/15529344 …. 
ROFL! Try keeping your legs together. I'm not paying for your irresponsibility. Send your address, Ill send you a quarter and rubber band.
Harris, if you need to have sex that badly your local Pharmacy sells spermicide.

What a Lie !!!!
I do not know about California, but birth control is available. Quit with the lies
Walgreens has birth control for men and women
Coverage with a co-pay is still coverage. Almost all medical coverage has copays & deductibles. Blatant demagoguery by the Senator.
They should tax employer plans and mandate wage compensation for denying women coverage.  #Discrimination #hypocrisy!
Why can't you afford your own birth control miss Harris!
Woman/Men can still buy it, you can still abstain from it. Therefore you are in control of it. Tax dollars should not cover it. Period.
So you want the 80 year old widow to pay taxes for their birth control?
No, she buy birth control via her own choice. The government should not subsidize birth control or mandate private businesses to provide it
The employers who have issues covering birth control don't seem to have a problem selling their services to customers who use birth control
Trump really hates women.
Protecting Religious Freedom matters! Thank God (I'll explain who He is later) @realDonaldTrump is keeping his promise!
security and justice....OMG, Senator.  You have a way of making me ill with your hyperbole
Women should go on a sex strike until this reversed.
Might want to stop doing it so much.
Women should deny men sex unless they help pay for birth control. Their opinions would change fast!
Actually I think abstinance is a great idea.  Solves the problem quite nicely.
Thank you for your clarity.There is so much vindictive motivation behind this.So unhealthy,now millions of women will suffer because of this
You can get it at Target too
I'm sure Ivanka has our back and is working very hard behind the scenes to change his mind.  
Can't stand that back-stabber. A move to hurt some women, is a move to hurt all women!
Trump's move is aimed at hurting impoverished and minority communities. Thanks for standing strong for those women!
Thank you for standing up for women and families!
Justice for 'WOMEN' will unfortunately be complicated, by Stanford, YOU, Feinie, Eshoo, Boxer, and CAL, Nancy Skinner, ETC.  YOU ALL STINK!
All My Friends In Cali.  Spread the #MAGA and vote #sabato4congress #CA26 #CAGOP #CAPOL @AntonioSabatoJr http://VoteAntonio.com  
You're not a legal citizen. Your kind can't be US citizens.
Then. Say. What. Would. Help. #MedicareForAll
Not to mention if men want to )have sex they better give women choices I just love how white rich men make decisions about our vaginas

Unplanned pregnancy can derail a woman's life plan. NO one should have that kind of power over a whole class of ppl. Democracy? Not really.
I can't imagine why it is such an issue. It's pretty  clear, give women this for free.
So you're saying that women cannot take care of themselves without Government? Not very Progressive of you
With contraception in use- the abortion question doesn’t have to come up. Birth control is the best alternative.
It’s too bad insurance companies won’t just give it away.
No one is taking away your right to BC.  Quit the false narrative.  If you don't like your coverage, get Obamacare.
It's also a health matter for many people, including my child who takes BC for cysts and debilitating cramps. Please help!!
If you can't afford to pay for your sex life, that's an indication you shouldn't have a sex life
Easy to underestimate the huge positive impact of birth control for women.  Access to long acting reversible contraception is essential
If you want justice for women then give back Weinstein's $
Covering cancer medications also matters.
However, many #Obamacare policies don't.
Does it bother you just as much that my husband is dumped in the Medicare hole by June & can’t pay for Insulin?
Yes.
Can we Bobbit the Bastards that voted for this? Also outlaw viagra.
Most mean spirited administration ever
Why not fight for equality?
The federal government has no business forcing nuns to pay for pills that terminate pregnancies.
They don't. Even the morning after pill doesn't terminate a pregnancy if implantation has already occurred.
Stay strong in the Senate.  Don't let them get away with it.
As I stated before when you vote against your voice you should not be surprised by the actions of government. Let that marinate.
It's just the right thing to do. Many women take birth control for serious health issues.
So is protecting our citizens from illegals
and security for women translates to security for children and men. Few talk about this fact.
especially now that the vast majority of jobs pay a subsistence wage leaving nothing to buy contraceptives w/o insurance.
You'd think working class men who struggle for 18 years to pay child support would agree. BC doesn't just benefit women.
Potus is such a great negotiator why not get Pharm co to stop charging $100 & make it affordable since defunding PP is also top priority
That’s not true & you know it! Health clinics free condoms, Walmart generic BC $9.
Only a mental patient equates birth control to justice for women. Good gawd.
Women use birth control to stay in school, keep jobs & help keep family costs down through "size" management. Also 4 actual med conditions.
Women use cars 2 stay in school & all other things u mention, women also use cars to get 2 the doctor. Cars r justice 4 women. Lame argument
The alternative is apparently just giving employers & religious organizations reign over Healthcare coverage. Tad bizarre.
You have no right to your employer paying for your birth control. It's not justice and economics, it's complete bullshit propaganda.
Still don't know why no birth control pull for men? U know something that makes their sperm inactive while taking? This must be possible.
Are the men backing this just mad they never get laid or what?
Americans are trying to put food on the table and your going on about condoms sounds like a Democrat
You are strong independent women so pay for your own shit. $50/mnt ffs you spend 4X on lattees.
Talk is cheap while the beat goes on. We need to act NOW.  This is ridiculous.
So abortion is economic saving for the women?  Selling the baby parts isn't bad money either is it?
@issuemaverick @SenKamalaHarris Especially for liberal pet project @PPact ...big fundraising...
Stop covering Viagra for men. It is not a medical necessity.
As discussed on another thread, BC is also medical need in many cases. None of these male legislators are qualified to make such decisions!
So them they should pay 4 it, or keep their legs closed! I'm not having sex w/them, why should I pay 4 it? Why don't you cover it 4 them?
What are Democrats in @SenateDems and @HouseDemocrats doing about this?
Good grief - we need to keep the focus on Gun Control. Typical redirection of focus by the GOP.
You can multitask?
Why are they picking these fights with *real* issues going on in the world?!
and women's sanity!
Trump minimized immigrants' rights, then LBGT, now it's women. Trusted to raise children but not to decide our own reproductive rights?
SHUT UP!
$9 a month at Walmart
Being a dad myself, Lol good one!hasn't this, indirectly, Bern covered under a SCOTUS ruling?
Yes birth control must not end. Women have fought so long for equal rights. Viagra for men will go before birth control for women ends.
CONGRESS NEEDS TO ACT ON THIS TOTAL VIOLATION TO OUR PRESIDENCY AND THE FABRIC OF OUR CONSTITUTION!! It's time!!PLEASE
The women of Congress should stage a sit-in in the Oval Office. While Trump is in there with his puppets. Make sure the media is there too.
Not sure that's legal
So, what's your point?
What is justice?? Women are so frail they can’t swing ENT for BC  co-payments the same as a coffee,  no female I know are that fragile
You have lost you mind!
Are you referring to the reversing of the mandate that goes against religious liberty? If so, you should read the constitution. Thanks
If it didn't affect men, women wouldn't need birth control.
Basically, millions of women won’t be able to have unabashed sex on someone else’s dime. You’re really pulling at the heart strings now.
Are you insane. Government pays for a women emotional or sexual mistake. That's absurd
Genius...!  You know if you have a lot of sex, you are bound to have a baby.
Let's sue them.
This is a freedom of religion issue. Here's a novel idea: If you don't like an employer's benefits package, find a new employer.
Be LOUD. Twitter ain't enough
#HandsOffMyBC
Women have all the power. They take away birth control, we take away sex. They won't need their insurance-covered little blue pill.
Sex Control good idea, then you won't need the BC
which me on Twitter talking about sex as a choice and buying condoms do not understand at ALL. @ReproRights
Is sex a choice?
POC, immigrants and women are doormats for white men!
I'm a white man. Please don't through its all under the bus. Reverse discrimination is still discrimination
They should just pay women 200% more than what they pay white men. Then we could just pay for it & overthrow male owned enterprises
Go pay a few bucks. If you aren't satisfied and want it for free, go to one of the 99% of companies which provides it.
I hate to tell you this, I'm 74, and there has never been justice for women.
NO birth control for U.

NO abortion for U.

NO health care for U.

BUT GUNS FOR EVERYBODY!
I say cut viagra
Can anyone say Handmaids Tale anyone?
Or Theocracy? Or Christofacism? 
Or Fundamentalism? Or Evangelicalism? 
Or Dominionism? Or 
I think we have to organize another march- bigger than January- Sessions and his “religious “ cronies are attacking women, children and the LGBTQ community. #womensrightsarehumanrights
So they restrict abortions, which usually happen if there is no birth control. What a sad cycle they are forcing women to endure. GOP pigs.
I guess you are fortunate you are already born and weren’t considered a “choice” by your mother.
For some of us it’s a necessary issue of health. Hormonal birth control has many uses.
sad truth ... deserves to retweeted again and again and again....
Burn ‘em!  Boycott their products and services and BUY elsewhere. Make it cost their bottom line. Divest them
It's not about bc. BC is cheap and free thru health clinic anyway. This is about not being forced to fund abortions. Shame on you
Drumpf doesn’t need birth control, Melania won’t touch his shriveled little ween
Oh, and don't forget what you said earlier: Reality is much more complicated than the lines politicians draw to score points. 
Economic security and justice?  What does that even mean?  Who should pay for men's condoms?  How about, be a responsible adult? 
Drumpf doesn’t care about anybody but himself, his crooked family and his bloated entitled cronies. Time for a revolt
You might need a bump stock for that revolution.
Nonviolence
Does that also mean men's Eric tile dysfunction drugs are no longer covered either?
I hope so.
Another moronic decision by this president.  Smh!

And men
Actually Kamala, Birth Control without insurance is still relatively cheap.
Walmart generics $9
Yes @SenKamalaHarris, just now; 
2:04pm @FOXNEWS @SenKamalaHarris, TRUTH (FAMILY) 
If this is for religious reasons does that mean parents can deny their children health care for the same reason?
STOP hIM FROM DOING THIS!!!
Become President and do something about it.
40 as of the 15day of June!
And, it's good for men as well. Look at Murphy ! He could have benefited from birth control!
For women, their partners, and their families this is basic health care.
What year did birth control become "basic health care".
I how the same men who want to ban abortions, & expect insurance to help cover their viagra, also want to take away bc from women in need.
What happens when the GOP men take viagra? They get taller
Funny how these religious ideologues who spout virtue of abstinence have no problem covering Viagra for old men.
Keep speaking facts, Kamala!  And run!  #GirlOnFire #Kamala2020 #YesWeKam
And cue the "moral high-ground" abstinence crowd in 3, 2, 1...
Neither of which GOP believes in.
Men's birth control = abstinence, or condoms 100% of the time. Let's mandate that.
Seems the Republicans do away with birth control but yet don't want too take care of children either.Makes no sense plus attack on women.
Birth control or a lot more abortions, Republicans you decide.
And health.  Many woman use BC to manage painful conditions such as endometriosis.  I know first hand !
Would you rather get free birth control or help that 4 year old with a heart defect.  Let's spend health care dollars on sick people.
Do these ppl understand that #birthcontrol has other MEDICAL uses? @GOP are MONSTERS!
That’s not true & you know it! Health clinics free condoms, Walmart generic BC $9.
Trump position: no contraception, no abortion, no health insurance for children. Guns, yes!
That’s not true & you know it! Health clinics free condoms, Walmart generic BC $9. We pay for our own guns.
Also for men on the economic front....no child support. Problem is this is framed solely as a women's issue. Is also a climate issue
What....?  A climate issue if you have to take responsibility for you sex life?
And the people, usually old white traditionalist men, continue to support suppressing women's rights because why??!! https://youtu.be/031kG667KkI 
These people are the height of hypocrisy. They want to deny a woman the right to choose, the right to use contraception & then insurance.
While telling their mistresses to get on down to the clinic
What about the right to chose an insurer? No choice there for the dem plan. You must buy or be fined, you must by from us! Or be fined.
You get no argument from me. Choice should be first for all. And, the ACA needs legitimate changes, but the GOP offers zero solutions.
Can you stop this?
But should not be paid for by the government
It's not. Get your facts.
That's what I thought 2 Trying 2 understand where idea coming from. I thought that employees were paying for it themselves thru company???
Insurance covers medical costs. Period. One type of prescription should not be denied just because it is for women. That is discriminatory.

So when you become POTUS, you’ll fix all the shit he’s screwed up?
