BREAKING: White House official says Trump expected to withdraw US from Paris climate accord.
This is what happens when a narcissistic moron is in charge
It's sad and confusing that you & your colleagues have no control on this & other of his decisions.
You might take note. An elected official keeping there promises. #MAGA.
Sometimes, keeping your promises can be just as bad as breaking them, as is the case with 45
Winning!!!!
Really? Check your facts and shelve your ego the investment is hardly worth .02 degrees in 50 yrs.
We are with you. Fight!
@AP I'm starting to get worried that we might not be a world leader at the end of 2020.
This accord would have a bad effect on US jobs and economics only to barely reduce the temperature of the earth by a few points of a degree
Trump was the wrong choice.
Yea it's disastrous for the future generations of other countries that won't get our jobs, and we will continue to lead world
How is it possible that one man can make this choice for all of us?
Yeah, but if it were Zerobama or HRC doing it, you'd think it was the greatest thing since buttered toast
I swear, it feels like he's doing this because he's pissed off he's not getting enough support from the country. Just a spiteful baby 
This was never passed through Congress, if you don't respect our laws move to Paris. Enjoy.
Is this 100% Trump's decision or can some branch of govt stop this?  Is ANYONE in favor having the US withdraw from the Paris Accord?
I don't think the Cheeto in Chief cares.
World leader? Bit of a strech right now maybe? Agreed on the wrong choice.
Sorry, but this prez has already undermined our position as world leader. The only question remains how far gone it will be in 4 yrs 
Half way back from king Obama's disastrous 8yrs
Don't think he cares, unfortunately :-(
Isn't the first time @POTUS @realDonaldTrump cut & runs from a deal & it won't be the last. He doesn't care who he hurts. Just wants 'wins.'
Baton passed already. This just doubles down.
Never has an Empire risen so fast and fallen  so fast like the USA, surely world citizens shld boycott this Trump craze
Not to mention #DJT didn't have the balls to do it to their face! #Resistance
Trump, taking Merkel saying, "dudes, we gotta take our destiny in our own hands." And says, "OH YEAH?! I'LL PROVE YOU RIGHT!"
Our position as a world leader was snuffed out last week in Europe.  This is just Trump throwing dirt on the grave.
Just one daily horor show after another.  The man is crippling the US.
Your first sentence sums up the election Senator.
It is the right choice. All the libtards in the world can't change what nature has in for us. Paris is a political answer to defy nature
Still waiting for you to go to the well of the Senate and demand it be sent to the Senate for ratification otherwise it's non binding
This isn't surprising, since he feels climate change doesn't exist. Still sad, nonetheless.
It's up to us now.
Honest question: what can we you do about it? What can WE do about it?
So we have to step up and keep fighting hard ourselves!
There is already nothing left to further undermine, at this point.
Yes! About time. Real Science Win.
As if the election of @realDonaldTrump didn't already undermine our position as a world leader.
True story there!
all part of Putin's greater plan for America to shame us to the bottom of the list! Trump willing a partner to assist goal!
So is the trillions in debt we're leaving for future generations
Thats what putin wants doesnt everyone get it?
Hey Kamal, is this the disaster of the day?
California can and should decide for itself how it handles the future. Be the leader of the nation in spite of Trump. cc: @SenFeinstein
We gave up the role as World Leader on 11/9.
God this man is a moron
TFW China & NK are more concerned with the environment than the US. It may backfire as countries could refuse trade w/ US over this.
@realFireNunes why doesn't he care? Is it the Koch brothers? What mafia deal does he have to make such a vile choice?
We are the biggest polluters. We need to set the example. Not run from our commitment.
"We are the biggest polluters." Are you sure? China and India have many more people, and much less effective pollution control.
Yes China overall because of its size. U.S per capita. But does that change the fact  that we need to reduce, for climate change?
It seems he is simply going down the list, undoing anything President Obama was associated with regardless of thought or impact.
Doesn't undermine, it removes. We are no longer a world leader. Period. Well done Republicans - why we can't have nice things.
Terrifying and likely closer to the truth than we know!
Pretty sure Solyndra did those things sweetie.
Wrong!!
Well Senator, none of us, including yourself, actually thought he would do otherwise.
@slwiede66 @AP A lot of kids will have a hard time dealing with this, @realDonaldTrump .
"Yeah, but we've gotta get dem globalists!" -- Steve Bannon, as he finishes his second fifth of vodka
Perhaps Obama should've gone through Congress and made it law instead of using just his "pen and phone". You can Cofveve that too. #MAGA
@realDonaldTrump - key words for you: "undermines our position as world leader" makes @POTUS and #USA look bad!
Withdrawing from the Paris Climate Accords is a disastrous assault on our future and that of our children.
What can we do to stop this horrible man from making this horrible decision?  I am beside myself with all of this.
Thank you for standing up for our planet  #ClimateChangeIsReal
DT seems to want to be popular, yet fails to do one of the easiest things that could pleasantly surprise most Americans & the world.
.@SenKamalaHarris you are the future leadership of our country. Keep fighting! @GOP - #WrongSideOfHistory
I think he made his decision long ago but was too cowardly to say so to the other world leaders face to face
You have no position as a world leader. You voted against it last November.
On the contrary, this was a bold and necessary choice which will give us all hope for the future. We are truly the world leader now!
Gotta be a good soldier in the #TrumpFakeFollowerArmy, eh @Pdub4life
We're a third world banana republic ruled by a bully tyrant.
It's the 1st step in stopping a useless money guzzling scheme that elitists force on us @POTUS
You clearly have no idea what the Paris Accord is about.
Totally agree but he ran on platform to take America out of World affairs. Right?
Absolutely correct, this administration is totally devoid of reality.
Trump's boorish performance at NATO & now withdrawing from the Paris Accords officially make him a menace to the world not just to America
Silly little man
Sorry to break it to you, Sen. But there is no 'U.S. world leader' status to undermine any more. Just undermining U.S. and the world.
If it's remotely good for all, the idiot-in-chief is against it.
Good Wednesday Morning, Its early KNOWINGLY; Sen.Kamala Harris of Oakland,California; throughout the day TOGETHER; PLEASE!
Yes in agreement, to withdrawal the U.S. from the #ParisAgreement is preposterous and disastrous, #ClimateChange is a vital importance.TRUTH
Then WHAT as citizens can we do to get him out - we call, we march, we yell into the twitter abyss! Where's the Impeachment GoFundMe, stat!
Please keep fighting the good fight. Thanks.
Just another crazy position by Trump. Stop him!
He is no world leader.  Everything he does points toward isolationism.  He needs to go and soon.
Impeach this man. He is unfit.
Absolutely agree but we are no longer a world power thanks to Trump. We are buffoons who will destroy the world to satisfy a man child's ego
You don't think it makes us look buffoonish for Libtards to throw a tantrum and demand impeaching a president the day he is elected?
Aside from #Trumprussia collusion & emoluments, pulling out of the Paris Climate Agreement amounts to a crime against our Earth & humanity!
Aside from trumprussia being a complete fabrication  its im same category as global warming
GIVE HIM HELL KAMALA
Not my President
Can we all agree Exxon claiming we should stay in was most transparent sham in history, designed to distract from Rex doing this for them?
Is there anything we can do?
Yes! Stop eating, stop driving, stop having children, stop living in an air-conditioned building, stop using electric appliances . . .
