Thought you were being groomed for a run in 2020 ? This won't go over well with middle America at all.
before, he recreates Dixie./2
You prefer no bail at all

And then what is to keep them from fleeing , even large sums of bail is not stoping some of them , learn from the real world not fantasy
GOP wants a divided America with one set of laws for them and another for the poor and minorities.
WRONG!  GOP believes in same LAWS FOR ALL!  It's the DEMS that want two sets.  It's OBAMA & DEMS that divided America!
Bail is the reason?Really? It's in place so people, like the guy who assaulted a trump supporter over the weekend, don't flee. Like he tried
He'll if trump supporters weren't mushrooms I might have sypathy
Huh? Like magic mushrooms? Portobello? I'm glad violence is your answer lol. Good luck buddy take care.
Actually violence isnt my answer, I am an instructor trainer in Alternatives to violence and a community mediator,I was thinking crimini?
I am  also a N.Y er anything that cult 45 or his supporters get he has long since earned,he has a long history with hate & racism
Trump made NY what it is today so you have him to thank for that.  Please site one source of his racism?
How about Donald himself trying to get 5 innocent youth put to death for a crime they didn't commit,And rotting in prison for 10+ yrs
Yeah well at one time everyone thought those kids were guilty. Because the MSM portrayed them that way. Ahhh now you get it!!
Essie is funded by George Soros.
Don't do the crime if you can't do the time.
I agree.
Let's switch to community service bail.
Bail is misogyny. Outlaw bail now! We can wait in custody for our hearing dates.
A1: #Bail hits #women hard. Sisters, mothers, wives + grandmothers are often the ones to bail people out and go into debt #bailreformca 
Women having free-will is misogyny. 
Take away their choices.
It gets worse. They've advocated that women that don't want to go into STEM should anyway, to encourage their daughters to STEM.
Only progressives think women and minorities are stupid as hell and need to be told what's best for them.
of all the things wrong in this country you are worried about criminals? typical liberal lunatic
Money is never the problem...the problem is why ppl get into the system from the get go.  Why can't ppl simply follow the 10 Commandments??
Sure it does and has for a while... I'm sure you'll get on it as soon as all the statues are down and bathrooms are unisexed...
Right, because we can't expect people to just avoid committing crimes.... Hmm
The proverbial revolving door
Thank you for fighting. Shakles through the 21st Century.  How incidious. It will be a relief when DOJ AG Keebler Sessions departs /1
How about not becoming s criminal?
Stop breaking the law!
Hey Kamala, I hope you're considering Joe Kennedy as you're VP. You can be KamKen or kamaleddy.
I say we are making progress, the first steps are the monuments, then justice system..
What about the victims. Not easy to tackle them right ?? Let's fixResitition for the victims something the criminals never pay back.Bullshit
I agree, that way you have more voters.  Libtard.
Actions have consequences...
Any questions?
You're obviously dumber than you look.
WHO Do u think u are, Kamala? You know NOTHING  what communities endure from thugs destroying their families.ELITIST
MORE EDUCATION on BAIL REFORM.PROVES YOU WILL CAUSE MORE MURDERS OF POOR FOLKS!
The you tube video isbthe BIGGEST PIECE OF CRAP PROPAGANDA.
 PUT ON BY ACTORS! WATCH THE REAL FOLKS HURT BY THIS!
YOu ONLY WANT TO DESTROY THE POOR COMMUNITIES!
WRONG! This only hurts poor.communities while you live behind a wall. If you TRILY WANT TO HELP- DO AWAY WITH PRIVATE ATTORNEYS!
"Don't do the crime if u can't do the time"
Lol duhhhhh..WOW....U DIDN'T KNOW THAT...I DID...LOL WTF YOU DEMOCRATS DID IT
What is tearing families apart is people being criminals. Stop being criminals.
Crime rates sky rocketed under your position as AG for CA. Are you trying to make that a national phenomenon? #AltLeft
To fix it need to replace half of both party, stop pointing finger , work as one team to help Americans regardless who in office!
I have been watching this and happy to see it being tackled,90 days fighting 1 mill bond on dropped charges the "justice" system is a joke
Stop wasting your time on this issue.  You should be helping Pres Trump create jobs, lower healthcare costs, fight illegal immigration, ...
I love that you're always fighting. No easy tweets like "So happy to meet the 4th grade class from X elementary!"
To be honest Senator, our focus is entirely on removing & prosecuting the criminals in the White House & their enablers in congress.
Our country is broken. Period.
I agree. STOP BEING CRIMINALS and the problem goes away. You appear to have cognitive function issues of some sort
You should be working with Pres Trump to create jobs.  If people have good jobs, they won't commit crimes and won't need bail.
one of the "ingenious" of capitalism.
I agree.  lets go to a no bail for anyone ever system
Tell that to @antonio4ca
CC: @rpyers
People don't need bail if they don't commit a crime. The obvious solution is: Don't commit a crime.
Didn't you increase convictions as CA's AG?
She just cut deal after deal. CA crime rates skyrocketed under her.
Bail is based on a schedule and history. Why are you sympathetic to this. Your video didn't state the crimes. A families finance is so bias.
Maybe we can federally fund all bail.
The money bail system isn't the problem
Kam, what is your idea on #bailreform ? I have concern with your statement on poor people not affording bail. What about types of crimes?...
Would domestic violence be treated different along with other victim crimes? Victims need to be protected. And yes I understand rich...
thank you for sharing this important message!
Or... Stop breaking the law #SLN
@ManuelSillas54 the disabled seniors and.retired people. Are shocking in poverty
That's our Kamala.  Always working to keep criminals in our streets.  Sad.
You and your fellow legislators that support #BailReform refuse to intern/visit or really see what we do. Failure to justice #SMH
Thank you for all you do for us. You make me proud to be black & American  keep shining a light into the darkness
Why does your statement have to be about color? Crime nor bail have a color requirement or money as well. It's choice> can we agree on that?
Simply, I wanted her to know it & I never said it did I'm just simply proud of public figures who go against the stereotype of not caring
Appreciate the clarification. As a #bail company we are here to help families but we have to follow Judge orders of amount.
And I have had white friends screwed just as hard bail wise as my black friends it's a system problem becuz if your wealthy bail is no prob
We can NEVER as a society make committing a crime or alleged crime just have the ability to walk  with NO guarantee to appear. Its dangerous
True but we can make the bail commensurate with a rate that doesn't see people locked up for months simply because they lack the $ 2 get out
#Bail is not to be used a pretrial punishment but is needed to guarantee appearance. Again amounts are the issue not #bondsman
Additionally you continue to condone actions that cause the entire progress. That Senator is a dangerous cause for American Justice
Senator this is by far the most "fear propaganda" you have ever posted. Your issue is high #bail NOT #bondsman attacking wrong entity
Stop commiting crimes........problem solved
it broke politics too, see also: pay to play
Yes,Sen.Kamala Harris, your tweet (notification) in this min ago: TRUTHFULLY,  (FAMILY) ,Watching  @NBC TODAY, Kathie & Hoda


