Why doesn't the media spend more time exposing radical nominations as such instead of only talking about the Russia stuff & the crazy tweets
400 million have no insurance premiums doubled and tripled.716 billion was taken from medicare by Obamacare.Only low income benefited
Lies.  Obamacare is crumbling under it's own weight with increases and plans withdrawing from exchange.
Every Senator ought to vote against all harmful measures the Rs present.  MM is a shameless, horrifying Senator. He hates his own voters!
Get poor off of insurance and allow competition. Prices go down with more options. Move truely poor to State exchanges.
My hybrid, 8% plan would give reps and dems all they both want and more
The obamacare exchanges have been failing and major insurance companies have bailed  .obamacare is what's Leaving people uninsured
Guess  Dems are working for ins co.Give large amounts of money to ins co who in turn give large bonus to CEO and large political donations
True. Because so many people won't be forced by the government to buy something they don't want. My choice. Not the governments.
You know what happens when 30 mil people are bit paying insurance? It goes up for everyone who's still paying
#Democrats indignation against #Republican healthcare leaves out fact #Obamacare still has 27 million uncovered,unaffordable.
The Government should not be involved in healthcare-- they deal in numbers of those covered instead of the quality or cost of coverage.
You hit those talking points  I dare you to get on MediCal or an Obama plan,  then talk
@SenDeanHeller @SenatorCollins @SenMikeLee Thank you! Stand firm on NO!
Unforgivable
They don't have a clue, that a medical.plan should.be reviewed and made by medical. physicians and experts in healthcare, no by corrupt poli
Stop lying to Americans.  There are only 11 million enrolled in Obama care. How can you say 32 million will be uninsured?
The G.O.P. have become our enemies, including their Fraudulent President!
What is wrong with the GOP? Obamacare is not failing but it does some need work. Medicaid & Medicare cuts are political suicide. #SoCrazy
And thats not making America great, he needs to be removed before he destroys everything.
that is not true, 21 million are people who don't want health care and want to pay for doctor visits out of pocket.
Maybe U should contribute your $400K 2 help real uninsured instead of running for 2020 already http://bit.ly/Kam400K  Bring it on if U do
About 12 million?
How many will lose insurance if nothing is done?
32 million is remarkably ridiculous!
Acknowledged,TRUTH
Mistress Harris, doth thou truly believe that those ignoble men shall let thee speak? They hast harried thee at every turn! We be with thee!
Throw out the baby, the bath water and the tub... wow, so much for brain trust. No one can think on the Hill? Solutions for all?
Obamacare is a disaster! They R not paying medical practices for their services. CA will B N crisis soon! Physicians are leaving! Do U care?
Not happening.  They will repeal effective after the midterms and then kick the can two more years.  They get credit.
Can it be arranged so it's only the 32 million Trump voters who lose their healthcare?
When will we ever be able to move forward and improve the ACA. So weary of GOP cruelty
so then it's as crappy as the Democrat's plan.

If any of the GOP Senators in the center that are being threatened by their own party want to switch to the blue team, you are welcome.
I'm 1 of them. W/O the lifetime cap protections of the ACA, I am uninsurable & am fighting stage IV MRCC. Opdivo is not given in the ER.
Lawmakers need to stop pushing their party. That's all this is. #FixAndUpdate rather than #RepealAndReplace
Every single day since noon Jan 20, 2017 We the People have been bombarded with life endangering changes in Fed Gov structure & leadership !
Let's start talking about REPAIR of ACA instead of repeal and replace.
Nope - the rightwing goal is to undue everything the Black President did, and then gift the donor class/1% w/the goodies.
The irony of your propaganda numbers R what % won't buy it, what % will move to Medicare or TriCare? For once N your sleazy career B honest
And, then we have all those Republican states that refused the Medicaid expansions, which would have increased the number of insured!
Uninsured? Or not paid for by the govt. insured? Paying for themselves?
"At least we'll get the 'Obama' out out of healthcare " Cause u know, that's more important.
I think that's the main reason Trump wants it repealed.
Make America Sick Again, @realDonaldTrump!!!
#SinglePayer
Can you also squash his so called voter commission? Thank you.
It seems the GOP is working for their billionaire donors certainly they're not working for average Americans. Vote them out of office ASAP!
@TheDemocrats need to remind voters every day between now and '18 what the @GOP tried to do once they finally had full control of Washington

When a @POTUS threatens the lives of 32 million Americans, HE MUST BE REMOVED.

@realDonaldTrump is a traitor to his people! https://twitter.com/TomWellborn/status/887644467888611328 …
Trump and GOP will throw the sick under the bus.
Are you talking healthcare insurance or Medicaid?

Is that a lot? Seems like a lot. Bigly.
