The USA did not make a promise to these illegal aliens Obama through an illegal executve order promised them but had no authority to do so
Nothing new. Just anti hold hold hold the line.
Promise? What about due process?  If you can't find and deport someone within 7 years, they get to stay.
You’re only securing votes by allowing illegal immigrants into the US. You should be working on allowing only those who want 2b Americans
No we didn’t. @POTUS44 may have promised them sanctuary, but there’s a new sheriff in town who is willing to enforce the law! #MAGA
California a Sanctuary State now breaking federal laws. If your state fails to follow the laws the citizens will too. BRILLIANT
So when did you vote on it?
We need to take care of the vet first.
How about ending decades long #GCBacklog affecting #LegaLImmigrants? USCIS made a promise to us as well but all u care about is DACA.
I believe your Idol #44 made that promise
our promise is to the children of this country who are LEGAL citizens of this country!!
The promise had a deadline and the elected officials sent to DC forgot to establish law in lieu of an executive order that was not the case.
No Obama enacted an unconstitutional order, big difference!
WHY should these people be PROMISED  ANYTHING FREE while taxpayers kids are stuck with huge student loans!?  Oh, Carpetbagging!  Right!
No, President Obama did by executive order, he himself was not the government
Obama made that promise, all by himself.
1. No the Gov didn't.  Maybe Obama...2. You made promises to the people of CA. When do you plan to keep them?
Please introduce a clean Dream Act that solely deals with these youth with no other stipulations attached.  #DACA
Please own that you’re a sell out. You are not fighting for our country and citizens. You’re only trying to secure votes by opening borders
THE PRESIDENT HAS PUSHED THIS TOPIC TO THE CONGRESS WHERE IT SHOULD HAVE ALWAYS BEEN.. SO DO SOMETHING AND QUIT YOUR PISSING AND MOANING!!
Obama did the government refused to pass legislation stop spreading lies
A promise,an Investment. Our Millennial generation wont work, or whine/cry about working 20 hrs. a week.Who is going to support SS in 10 yrs
Wrong again Kamala... Obama's pen made a promise to lock in future votes. Come on Kamala... This is all you got?
I'm a American citizen, you took my dream & my families dream & gave it away to illegals!
Obama made an illegal ill advised promise and now Trump is trying to clean up the mess.
Veterans too
There is NO honor nor integrity in this admin, nor any republicans, this won't happen. Dreamer's will be sabotaged at every turn.
No, Obama made a promise through executive fiat.
HELL NO.  The US government did not.... but if they did it was a lie and illegal.  Y’all need to stop this sh!t.
No we didn’t. The Obamanation went around the law, Constitution, etcetera.
are you not reasonable? 
only those who agree with you?
No, America didn't. Obama did. America has laws against this. Do you even Law?
Thank you. Please do all you can! The SUCCEED Act should not be.
Barry made a promise, not the government
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris. We must protect DACA youth but not at the expense of asylum seekers, unaccompanien children or other immigrants
It was a temporary measure: :Deferred"
Then why didn't you pass it in the last 8 years?
So you favor illegals and committing the “right” kind of crimes...
@SenKamalaHarris  our next world leader I hope. With love and great anticipation from England
Keep Pushin @KamalaHarris A Clean Bill !!
#CleanDreamAct
again OBAMA made an illegal promise to the most at risk, and turned them in to pons in an evil, evil act.  DEMS should be ashamed.
We should defend the 11 millions undocumented immigrants in the US, not just one group.
I totally agree
I am so happy that you're on our side thanks and we love you for that Queen keep up the great work 
You also need to work on stopping gun violence- when exactly does this end when 1000 innocent people get shot!wakeup!
We promise them nothing! We called it "Deferred Action......" for that very reason. And now we're not "deferring the action" any longer!
The Constitution trumps a DHS policy memo.
US did not make the promise. Obama did against the will of the majority of people.
What promise was that?
Obama made a promise he couldn't keep.
Yes, I'm in California and ready to help!
wtf? #fbi lock her up. Oblowma PROMISED we can keep our Dr's? get better Coverage, lower Prem? Why not tweets we must keep that PROMISE? smh
stop acting like you care, you do not, in your black heart you do not, you did zero, shut up, you did zero, shame on you
these jerks had 16 years under the all and wonderful oz and did zero, zero zero no one had big balls to do what was right
and i am one of the grunt immigration lawyers doing the work, kamala can just shshhhshshshhshs up, she is useless
You are our voice SEN. Kamala
We never had a clue back then that our country would become a complete and barely recognizable disaster
No, the government did not. One man did and that was thru executive order, not legislation.
Defund
Charity starts at home! Can we put America first?
Obama made an illegal executive order.
Well, that promise was defacto amnesty, then fill out an application so the Dems can pander to them.  A promise made by 1 man, not Congress
Economic & political power to impose racist ideology resulting in oppression
Come on Kamala what is better then shattered dreams to your brethren across the isle.
On behalf of the Dreamers and our country, thank you.
No, obama made a non-binding order.  We promised them nothing.
you misspelled "refugees."
@dnc corruption on immigration has its consequences. DEMs created the mess, without solution, like Obamacare.
Who exactly made this promise?  Is there a contract somewhere?
You cannot trust Trump Tweet to tweet. Yes the US Government made promises they need to keep. #DACA
Wrong, wrong! Pres. Obama made the promise! Pres Nixon made a promise to save VietNam too! Did Pres Ford honor the promise? Hell No.
You better run in 2020 or this country is so screwed.
DID the DNC opened the borders, lure in dreamers in without paths, and used an authoritarian EO, not congress, for evading the Constitution?
No!
This is old. Get a new song
This moment 5:56pm @SenKamalaHarris, at 6:00pm.@CSPAN U.S. House of Representatives, cont'd; 2018 FEDERAL BUDGET Debate, TRUTH
8:15pm @TBS @MLB NL Wild Card Game @Rockies  O vs @Diamondbacks 4 , @SenKamalaHarris, ☻
Which (D)(R)EAM is that?
