Keep up great work
Do your job. Stop this bill. Democrats in Congress not fighting for us. You will be held accountable in the end. FIGHT!
Thank you Madame President...Oh yeah, not yet.
Pride is one of Trumps favorite of the 7 deadly sins.
He loves to put his name on everything.Why doesn't he want his name on #GrahamCassidy?
You must be talking about your minion Obama. The name Obamacare opposes  your counterfeit claim about Trump #MAGA
Shut up please.
Senator-#Resistance isn't going to stop until the @GOP is held accountable for the atrocities our cntry has endured bc of their complicity!
It's ok camel in8 years no one will look back with regrets, But maybe you for not getting on board and lieing about the president 
You're going to run for president, right?
You are a professional lier Camel you should be pulled from the air and banished from journalism.
Thanks for your diligence and perseverance.
You're killing it. Keep it up. Join with @JoeBiden for an unstoppable 2020 ticket. Make @jeffsessions nervous & put these traitors in jail.
Yaaaaaassssss!!
Make #Dotardgate great again for the first time
I wouldn't vote for ever...
blah blah blah, get in line with us and see how you feel then kamala, you are doing this for your own gains
@ElliNude So glad she voted to give the Pentagon an extra $700 Billion to fight the never ending war in Iraq &Afghanistan.
The military seems spread a little thin. Those navy sailors work way too long hours.
Heck, decommission some older ships, and move their crew to reduce the workload.
Agreed.
If your pet russian traitor is not removed very soon, we won't have the opportunity to "look back" at all. We're good with your requests!
Slam his disrespect to the Anthem n Flag by taking healthcare from millions, bigots n racist in his administration n cabinet.
Reporting how you feel about someone instead of what's true is not journalism it's called an opinion, you're a disgrace to journalism,sad
I'm sorry. Are you exempt from getting Obama Care?
ACA at this time too expensive for middle class. Many cant afford. Over $400 per month/deductible $3000=$650 per year. Too much. Needs fix.
DNC sure is propping her up.
We need to ask more of ourselves
Pre-existing conditions exclusion by insurance companies is the back door to kick people off in case of unwelcome health costs. It is evil.
We love you Kamala Harris.
Hope she runs for president.
My question is, Why is this legal for senators to do? Why do we have to fight our elected officials just to do the right thing?
No it isn't and you know you are deceiving us.
Premiums continue to raise. We do not keep our doctor
Please explain how this bill meets the requirements of reconciliation when it has not been scored by CBO?
What else can we do to stop them? It's legalized murder.
Regrets? Like you sleeping with slimey willie brown and crooked deals with Maxine waters?
Our next President.
God bless you, Senator.
She's  lying
A $3000 a year deductible means you have to spend $3000 before ACA can help, plus the $400 per month. Do the math. ACA needs a fix.
Thank you for speaking up and representing the people 
I am a Brain Aneurysm Survivor only 5 perecent of us make a full recovery .No one will ever give me health care again
No need to apologize. If we want our country back we need help. We are in this mess because we ALL stopped paying attention. #SaveTheDream
This is not the Democrat way, the Democrat way is what can we give you for your vote and force on those who don't support us or take from.
Call Senate.Tell'em NOT 2repeal the AFFORDABLE Care Act. NOT to replace #ACA w #TrumpCare ,even if it's disguised w new name #GrahamCassidy
So grateful for your leadership! Don't stop fighting for us with the truth!!
Please run for President. Make sure they fumigate the WH before moving in to remove the Orange Stench
You will be a good POTUS. The women of both major parties do the hard work. We men sometimes allow our testosterone get the better of us.
Dang I'm in with the future Ms President whatever she says...It'll be like old times.
FACTS MATTER!

REP CHOICE:
1.400M
2.HC FOR MILLIONS
REP CHOOSE

USING LIES,PROPAGANDA,MISINFO 
TO SELLANTI HC BILL

P/C EMAIL FAX DAILY
This Senator is clueless!!!
Please,  cut your corporate ties. Be brave, an inspiration to right the ship. Show love for your country! You can do it! VOCATION BEFORE 
Repeal Obamacare We cannot afford the costs We refuse to take a ptime time job with our fultime job to pay these deducts&premiumsLost our MD
Why did you vote Yay for the military budget, tho?! Ugh. Another corporate elitist.
Interesting how u & Bernie brought Single Payer & all of the sudden kaboom GOP has a bill that one knows about and how is going to work.
Please please We Must Not Allow the Graham-Cassidy Bill to pass it will cause Millions of Americans to Die Let's Fight Hard to Stop this NOW
Thanks, Sen. Harris. It WAS getting exhausting, but the idea of how good it will feel to NOT have regrets in the future has reinvigorated.
Hugs.... You do such a wonderful job I hope you get a high-level cabinet position such as Attorney General very soon.. even vice president!
Love you Kamala thank you!
The dems need to block everything the GOP tries to do especially tax cuts! After this?!  Vote GOP out of house and senate in 2018!
Don't let up on the pressure Americans
Fortify a bipartisan solution
Build from what exists; "prefer better"
#ACA+
@SenateGOP @SenJohnMcCain

Sick to death of ALL of this.  They aren't going to do the right thing.  We are screwed.
Kamala 2020!
Tell me how we don't look back at these times with moron in office as the most regretful time in history ?
We don't.
We learn from our mistakes and move forward.
Republicans only care about racking up a win, even if all of America loses.
Fits empirical data to a tee.
Omg!!! Insurance companies will have to stay afloat and not go under. Kamala meanwhile still enjoys her premium plan for free. Hmmm
Ma'am to provide healthcare to unfortunate people that need health care, I'm happy you asked!
Depends if the doctors take them in through the emergency room, since they might not be insured.
We have Howdy Doody as President, so we have a he'll of a lot more than "regrets".
Regrets every Democrat has those about passing the current nightmare called "Barry Care", That fixed nothing. Now fundraising on this #sick
Phone calls take a few minutes. That's all. Tweets are less effective but take less time. Calls to Senators are most effective. Please call.
I bet all these people calling don't pay federal taxes.
Start winning elections. U lost me when it was ok to kill babies. In the name of women's rights. I was a dem. No more
Nice suit! Donor paid for, of course! 
Never heard you speak before. You're polished.
KAMALA FOR PRESIDENT
Please run for president in 2020, please. 
#Harris2020
We need a person who cares about "everyone" and puts "everyone's" best interest to task. Thank you Kamala for being that person. 2020 please

Just shut up and declare that you're running for President. Please and thank you. Pleeeeease. And, thank you.
Absolutely. Proud you represent Californians!
how come you get to tweet with more than 140 characters?...and with your partisan political baloney, too
We're CALLING!!!!! Help us!!! #SaveACA!
No ER ever turns people away. Hospitals recoup costs for millions of no ins #illegalaliens.
You're pissed #PP is defunded.
#Scared tactics.
Why is basic math so hard? Everyone pays in from the beginning,  rates stay constant. Oh, wait, that's #MedicareForAll
why are not the Trump boys not in the Armed forces their age is ok they are healthy, edcucated i think so why are they home while others die
@SenateGOP and especially @SenJohnMcCain Please examine your conscience and #VoteNoOnGrahamCassidyBill  Vote NO on #GrahamCassidyBill
Your my new hero.
#midtermelections
ms. harris: you have not asked us to do anything that is bothersome
you are 1 of our heroines, never stop!
I wish more people were like you.
Thank you Senator Harris. So glad you represent me
Madame senator thank you for your help I know everyone will suffer in my family I am a single mom of an autistic son with epilepsy #save ACA
KAMALA 2020 - TRUMP that TRUMP!!
She got my VOTE
No more than what you ask of yourself, Senator. We're all with you.
I want my country back, thanks President Trump.
Thank you for your hard work, intellect, and professionalism Senator, I wish you were our POTUS!
Please reach out to GOP reps from CA. They need to protect Us from this disaster in the making.
 I am one of these who will be AFFECTED by this IGNORANT Cassidy/Graham Health Plan. For me it is a DEATHPLAN!!!
Now I can thanks to Obama care.
It had a copay and if I didn't pay I wasn't seen and I had no income at that time. So it was hard to go to the doctor.
I couldn't agree with you any more than what you said Kamala. I had health insurance but it didn't cover anything expect the doctor.
You must be running in 2020. You never shutup
Senator Harris, thank you! Thank you! Thank you! So proud to have you representing our state and thankful for your impact on the hill
Madam President
How many people have to die or have their conditioned worsened before we can vote and try repeal this?
#WhoIsBlackmailingLindseyGraham
Tell me should doctors get paid $500 to tell a nurse it's okay to give a tetanus shot after an injury? That was just the doctor's fee.
Biden/Harris 2020
Providing basic health care isn’t insurance. It’s subsidized healthcare paid for by the taxpayers. Stop lying!
My guess re Healthcare 
Won't pass because McCain
Deja vu
Will you answer a Constituent who Voted for you Senator ? Why did you Vote in favor of the Defense Authorization bill? It violates morality.
Great way to get the word out. Simply pass the information on, and preserve Healthcare for all Americans. @SenKamalaHarris
YES! Do whatever you can to save the remnants of Big-O's presidency. Increase taxes, send billions overseas anything! FIGHT I say, FIIIIGHT!
Aca  only works if you're 20 and extremely healthy
Just announce your presidential bid already!! Give us something to look forward to!
OMG insurance is a business?? healthcare is a good?? oh wow
jeepers, I like you.
Jeepers, I like all leftists, which will guarantee 2018 and 2020 wins...for the GOP.
What changed?
Money money money. Man made symbol. When did having enough become not enough. Shame
If you think I'm encouraging rampant greed you're wrong.  That wasn't my point at all.
Oh no. I was on a rant about GOP and no morality despite their insistence that they are Christian af
I'm not always clear
Watching prez and his "wife" so the world needs to be the opposite of them and expecting applause  - kinda made me blow my top
Rhetoric and spin
why say "let's be clear"? It is so similar to the far-right's "let me be crystal clear" quip right before they lie to you.
I would have surely retweeted if it did not have that one fundamentalist villanelle.
What we Regret  is putting people in office that Keep their Healthcare and take our health in the process. We know where u stand .
The Rule (as a CDN watching over the fence): make & keep the GOP more scared of you than 45's base - or else. Oh, and have KH run for POTUS
Please every1 in the resistance RT this message, all of us must stop this Cassidy/Graham HC farce of a bill!
I have Retweeted.
Up & coming!!!!! 
Meet the real K. Harris. Don't be fooled by the one behind the facade being erected by CORRUPT Corporate-Whore Dems.
tweeting, emailing and calling ! This is so ridiculous. It seems Repubs suffer from Obsessive-Compulsiveness regarding the ACA.
I have been contacting Senators all day. It's not a lot to ask for something this important
The Jedi mind scare tactic is strong in Kamala. However Kamala is wrong again, and probably just plain lying. Do you homework Kamala #MAGA
You'll be more believable if you accept and use the same insurance you wanna push on Americans Kamala. #MAGA
Are Graham/Cassidy/Heller going to use it? You do realize this affects Employer provided coverage too?

This tweet didn’t age well did it Kam? The Trump Campaign WAS wiretapped before & after the election. Care to apologize? https://twitter.com/senkamalaharris/status/843900117199523840 …
You're embarrassing yourself by pedalling lies like Bernie the Bolshevik!
Harris 2020!
Thank you for giving us the information. You rock.
Stop @GOP MADNESS!!
Love it!!! Mega strong!! I'm with You...
Please keep on tweeting and I RT. Thank You. 
You running on 2020? We need You.
Please run in 2020 and thank you for all your hard work!
Copy the #NHS! It's not rocket science. And it's not perfect, but damn, you US folk create a whole mountain of difficulty out of thin air.
Very well said.
Sort of like "a dumpster fire is not perfect, but at least it's a dumpster fire"!  Copy the dumpster fire NHS! 
What a stupid response.
Heh!!
Okay. I'm going to make the call. I'm nervous and I don't want to get in trouble.
Koch network 'piggy banks' closed until Republicans pass health and tax reform
you are not good.
Why did you have to push Medicare for all with Sanders?  I am a lifelong Dem- if you Seidel with Sanders you won't have my vote- period.
they never denied emergency room visits and you know it..why lie ?

Thanks 4 video. Really good that has captions so ppl can watch & C words at work, wherever. Good 4 hearng impaird. Good 4 ppl w/old devices.
Thanks Kamala Harris!
Just want to say thank you for being you and explaining and promoting the ACA for the life of all Americans!
As tired as I am I have already made my calls this morning now on to Twitter and Facebook. Disabled * 2 years diagnosis of SLE at age 13!
Which is why the people's revolution to take back from a corrupt gov't started Nov.8 when we rejected all career politicians for POTUS.
Yep. I want to downsize congress from 535 to 150. There's too many members of congress, especially considering how little they get done.
That literally goes against the constitution. How would this breakdown even work? Who would actually be represented?
Ha! https://usconstitution.net/xconst_A1Sec3.html …, You're right about the Senate. Although the House should be downsized.
2 House and 2 Senate representatives per state. 200 Reps over all. There's no need for 435 House members. All citizens would be represented.
That concept goes against the constitution, and marginalizes the voice of large states like California, Texas, and Florida.
It's the problem with the current electoral college. I wrote a research paper on this.

Let's do it! Also @john14_15, take a look at this.
Watched it. Thanks!
No problem.
If you care so much about our health, why did you approve a bigger budget for an already bloated military budget?
What does that have to do with health?
Kamala Harris for President
Definitely. I predicted Obama's 1'st victory and I'm predicting Kamala's victory. She must run, obviously!! She's wonderful!!!
Good job! Clear explanation of what's at stake. I'm a doctor & patients need to be better informed re: what they lose if ACA is repealed.
.

And american ppl know you own it doing nothing to fix it

Vote your liars criminals home

.
What's your point here?
We need to be resilient. Healthcare is a right, not a privilege.
It will be easier to hold state officials accountable than the Fed gov't. So, turning healthcare control to states makes perfect sense.
I adore you, Lady Harris.  While HRC would easily get my vote again, she's said she won't run.  So I hope to God you will.  Pretty please?!
#SaveACA.      #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
#RepealObamaCare
Copy cat just like YOUR Commander In-Thief & his wife.
Yes @SenKamalaHarris, your tweet ((notification) video in these mins TRUTHFULLY (Family) Being my Thoughts and Prayers as well,P.R. people.
11:00am @CSPAN Senate Judiciary Committee, Judicial Nominations, @SenKamalaHarris ,TRUTH
11:35am @CSPAN 2 Local Immigration Policy; FORUM, @SenKamalaHarris,Watching Now
12:44pm @MSNBC Afternoon, @SenKamalaHarris
1:00pm.@FOXNEWS Afternoon, @SenKamalaHarris
2:00pm @FOXNEWS, @SenKamalaHarris
4:00pm @CNN cont'd coverage,, Anchor: @SenKamalaHarris
4:30pm  @CNN @wolfblitzer, @SenKamalaHarris
#krazyKamala is at it again. Repeal will cost more? #Obamacare cost us more and this ripple will be felt for some time to come.
Their lines are open they should be busy. We need more people to help
Like the regrets you should have for voting to incr military by $80BB? You are just another corrupt, corporate estab dem down-talking to us.
Do you have healthcare? If you do, let those who don't get a chance of it. Thank you.
mIndivisibleTeam @MMFlint @PattyArquette PLEASE RT we neeed to keep up the momentum
I'm calling Sen Kamala. Your staff is lovely btw.
We're calling, faxing, screaming! We're doing all we can!

Typical rantings of a democrat who wants to keep power in Washington DC. Have you read the 10th amendment recently?
Perhaps you could address this with the head of HHS:
https://twitter.com/JasperAvi/status/910342716684455937 …

Maybe if he stopped taking private jets Medicaid could stay.
Tom Price is a fantastic piece of shit. 
Republicans AKA The Swamp needs to take MORE from the sick and poor too! Not only the rich and healthy.
What's giving? Socialism!!!
Like we regret that day in November 2016.
