Please, madam, ask every trump- supporter:
#whatMadeMeGiveMyVote
This hurts the average Republican too. I don't think anyone could foresee this happening. Stop divisiveness everywhere
So please #whatMadeMeGiveMyVote
Think his supporters believed trump would get them better pay better jobs freedom from financial worry. Now faced w/giving up dream is hard

Him & his boys are damaging the country and screwing everyone, regardless of party
They damage the office of presidency... in Germany, presidents had to go for less than that...
Billions and billions will die too!  Alarmist twit
Because those billionaires really need that break. Thanks @GOP for decimating the average family.
The GOP has been working hard to destroy the middle class and the poor since Reagan
Because those 400 wealthiest households in the US have been so cash starved in the recent future. *sarcasm*
It will trickle down to us. Like a golden shower. Aren't you excited!
About as excited as an impending Cat 5 Hurricane.
Misrepresentation serves no one. You offer no solutions for ACA=dead weight like prev generation of dems.
It doesn't "take away" a damn thing.  Every single American can call up their insurance company and get a policy.
it doesnt "take away" their coverage. Those people will "choose" not to buy it.
Yes and right now I'm "choosing" not to buy that mansion on http://realtor.com  
Tom Price knows agrees,
(What an aptly named POS)
Were you born this #stupid, or do you have to work at it every day?  #FAIL #tcot #ccot #ycot
Lies, lies and more lies from Democrats.

1/ Medicaid figures in graph below (CBO)
2/ How can 22M lose healthcare if only 10M are on Ocare?
Did ANYONE Consider Consulting The AMA > while building this HealthCare Plan ? It would be LOGICAL to Involve the Licensed Medical Community
Since Trump actions are unprecedented, so too must be our actions! @SenateDems & @GOP must lockup Trump, Pence & all admin miscreants. @CNN
Yawn.
It's not "tax cut" if you are giving them back the money you took from them to fund the ACA on the first place.
The ACA effectively took away my health coverage by doubling my premiums and adding a $5000 deductible for each person.  Fuck ACA
#GodisNotDEAD  The girl who is starting a revival at UCLA will be there witnessing OCT28-Nov4 She raises the dead
The wealthy and Powerful have always prayed upon the poor and the weak.
That's how they became rich and Powerful.
Trumpcare is No Care - except for trumps wallet!
My how you Dems hate freedom.
Even if true, those 400 households would pay more than the bottom 20% of households. Who's not paying their fair share?
It would also prevent ppl from being forced to purchase a product, which violates the commerce clause of the Constitution.

#Freemarkethealthcare 
#Repealdontreplace
What about working Americans that can't pay for the Obamacare insurance.  Does ANYONE care?? Working people should not be treated like this
If liberals didn't expect government to solve all their problems they are too lazy to solve on their own. We wouldn't have this mess.
Who knew I was one of the wealthiest households in the US? Thanks, Senator! Oh wait...
Democrats have already taken away "health care" from MILLIONS.
Fact
GOP could do nothing, but we see that's not working.
Going to church!
Thank you for all u do! When will u be rallying in San Diego?

#FlipThe49th 
#FlipTheHouse
@IndivisibleSDNo
@IndivisibleOC49
You never answered my question. How many of those "tax cuts" are actually eliminating the new taxes created by the "Affordable" Care Act?
And she never will...
Senator Harris don't let that happen. Why would any American with a heart even want such a thing
How can any1 not see this is not a healthcare bill? It's a tax cut 4 top 400 richest. How can any1 vote 4 those ppl?? #DrainTheSwamp2018
Is lying all you know how to do?
Liberals like Yu stole our doctors, insurance away from us and we want the Republicans to Give it back. Our right to choose not yoyrs
Basically, we all should be institutionalized because we're all crazy to believe insurance actually heals anyone!
Liar. #NeverKamalaHarris
But they don't even want health care! Ask @SpeakerRyan
Those that don't work nor try to get ahead, sit on their butts and get free insurance.  What is fair about that.
Oaklan
Obamacare-Insurance now my #1 largest mnthly exp surpassing our mortgage! Prem went from $650 to $1,300 x 2, deductible from $500 to $7,000!
Millions already don't have coverage and 6.5 million were fined by democrats for not participating! You're a hypocrite!
Always speaking the truth and clearly. Thank you
Crooked corrupt Trump and his Republicans it's has always been about them and it always will
#UHCForAllOurCitizens it's a "right" not a "Privilege"
We The People were #Grubered by Obozo
This repeal and replace in August is nonsense! They had 7 years! Single payer or fix ACA with Dems. Do not trust GOP!!
400 people?  how many Senators are on Obamacare?
The only people losing their healthcare insurance are those who don't pay their premiums. You're a disgrace to the Senate.
Hmm you don't collect 3billion $ in penalties if millions of Americans can't afford Obamacare ? Why so concerned now?
I suggest we all avoid these generalities and use specifics that people can relate to. E.g., someone earning 70k might pay a 1/3 in premiums
BLOCK TRUMP-PUTIN MEETING UNTIL WE KNOW WTF IS GOING ON. #TrumpTreason Russian radio takes over local DC station http://thehill.com/homenews/media/340292-russian-radio-takes-over-local-dc-station …
Would like a list of the "400 households" that are so important the @GOP is willing to trade American lives to give them a little more money
UNFIT
Thank you @KamalaHarris You help restore my faith that there are politicians working 4 us.
Why put aside the L v R and just work on it ! Like AmericansNot dived
@realDonaldTrump We know you haven't  read healthcare bill, because you're too busy watching TV & reading tabloids. What would mommie say?
I am also concerned about his actions regarding voting & eliminating some of our safeguards. They have to stop adding these amendments!
From the lack of healthcare from 199-2010 and understand that the ACA is about less care and now into effect can't afford my Healthcare
@TheDemocrats Told me to sit down and to shut up because they all knew what was best for me with ACA. I wil never shut up that I didn't Die
I didn't fall into former President Obama or the Democrats along with DNC-Media Lies about ACA that they shoved down out throats
It's food or medicine (not both) for some of those on SS disability getting help with RX's with the Medicaid expansion.
Please sau that isnt true?
Kamala, can you please get all the women senators Dems and Reps and tell Mr Trump to stop demeaning us? This has reached another level now
Have you ever had an original thought?
The 1% matter more to Congress than the 22 million they will take healthcare from.
Those millions that you mention can't afford to be "covered". Stop the lies and tell the democrats to work in congress to pass something
Fake people
Ur a fraud!!!!!
Why do you lie to the people? That strategy worked for Obama but it won't work for you. Go to California and stay there.
So they're evil because you want their money? Also be truthful - it's also the middle class being squeezed sweetheart. Dems want us gone.
Who gives a crap. Grow up! You're definitely NOT Presidential material. You don't have what it takes to get elected.
We have to stop this!!
Stand your grounds Senator...u have our support
Easy to identify those 400 households. Let's do so and see how they feel about what they are doing for a buck.
Kamala, the President tweets to Mitch, take away h/c from 32 million. Tweets! Not an official request. A tweet!
This: https://twitter.com/4HealthyCA/status/880491397505105920 …
Your response as my Senator is?
BREAKING:@Rendon63rd blocks #sb562 again 2day in Rules! Next chance is Monday. Calls on him 916-319-2063 & ur Rep 855-271-8515 #FreeTheBill 
Please God! Please! Take H.C. from Senators, Reps. W.H staff first.
Then what are you doing to support #MedicareForAll ? Why are you and your fellow Dems not protecting us?
Yeah, lousy H.C. , bad roads , airports, schools. 800 billion to the rich. Sure, why not?
So this is the #bullshit slogan your selling the people now.  Democratic failures when they fail they fall hard. #Obamacare is dead.
How about you go after the unreasonable COST of health care instead of insurance, coverage etc.  Thats the real solution...but?
where are the ACA funds today/ who has our money
I bet not one person on this TL has O Care yet they all pretend it's wonderful. It's a bust and people are suffering because of it.
Wonder what those 400 families are going to buy with this blood money? Their new vac  is not worth more than lives!
Obamacare is collapsing on is own. Do you propose we all just sit and watch?
How about proposing a real living min wage raise to all Americans so we can afford healthcare without govt help? Just an idea I had.
All of it is connected. Crappy wages and healthcare, rising costs of living, corp welfare, out of control military spending.
No Bueno!
The thing is most of their leadership have already started receiving their payments 4 robbing from the poor 2give to the rich THEYrEVIL @GOP
Trump voters don't f**king care. Until you accept that, you can't change anything.
Ain't that America! #trumpisanidiot #ripUSA
#WealthyCare

I hope you run for president Senator Harris!
What is your proof to support this syatement of yours?
AHCA = #AntiHealthCareAct
We HOPE U'll 2 join us 2 send a VERY important message 2 DC - WE will NOT accept ruining OUR LIFE giving environments & reception 4 speakers
@kat_is_in can we find out who these families are so we can see how wonderful they r to be getting our money.
Good idea. There must be a list.

You are the democrat to lead the party stay strong and diligent
Why is congress allowing The Trump family profit off of the presidency no American should go without healthcare this is disgusting
Did you hear we gave senator Cassidy heck at his town hall! He  tried to sell Blue Cross insurance.
That's why I call it #wealthcare !
It's horrible please block it.
That's not true! You are just making the same incorrect statement that Democrats always do. You want your LIV's to think this helps the rich
All that money going from Millions to 400. What a ratio..
How can they justify this?
Never stop or they will do this. People are under the asuption this is about the poor. This bill affect each of us working as well.
Keep pushing class warfare. Divide Americans. Incite hate&violence. Compassion 4 immigrants over US victims. Ur party msg is embarrassing.
Sounds great, thanks!
@MLB Friday Night Baseball Game, @Nationals Washington vs @Cardinals St. Louis; Sen. Kamala Harris ; a very nice photo ;you KNOW,
Get real...ACA is crumbling daily. And Democrats refuse wise up .  Tragic.  Democrats should be ashamed
while it may true but what will be even MORE is governor Brown's increased gas and registration taxes that I cannot afford.
Support this bill and sleep at night? Tax cuts and health care don't even go together unless you're taking from the poor for the rich!!!
According to Maxoutbrain Waters 700 million will lose HC. Funny only 340 mil people in the USA. #Dumbdems #spreadem4votes #scankkamala
Trump care is not healthcare it's wealth care vote Against the GOP 2018,2020
It's far more than JUST the 400 wealthiest households, isn't it? All making $250K+, right? Uberrich just get more, I thought.
It's all about the tax break... Which is why trump said just repeal it!!! The GOP never had and now won't bother to create a replacement.
Trump supporters don't care if other citizens die because of repeal_they trust he will help just them, survive, thrive and gain advantages!
Slowing unsustainable growth is not a cut or taking away.  It's still growth of an entitlement at a slower pace. Liberals 
We know... what are the Dems doing to protect the ACA??  The people are fighting, who's watching McConnell?  Dam talk is cheap
@SenSasse plan to repeal ACA 1st is an asinine attempt to appease small % of tea party RWNJs. Idea does not have majority of USA APPROVAL
We need single payer
We must STOP this !!
Sounds more like "Wealth care bill"
Sen. Harris, it's the Republicants don't care bill
That would be great, can always use a boost!!
@RepMarthaRoby well? Your thoughts Martha?
I love how you stated they are not losing their Healthcare it's being taken away. That's a fact. Keep up the fight senator.
Don't you ever get tired of lying? 6.5 Million Americans paid the Penalty either by choice or they just can't afford Obama care
You know it will they need to be stopped.
If the bill so good then it's good enough for elected officials they should have the same coverage
Keep tweeting your nonsense Harris won't matter you got a better chance of getting hit by lighting twice in the same day then becoming Potus
You know what th scariest part of this is there's a good chance it's going to past write and call ur officials
Let's be honest, it's either a death bill or a return all funds to the wealthy bill. #blocktrumpcare
Define tax cut... money fleeced from American tax payers to pay for failed ACA ?
My issue is that the people with power are in a, "exactly!" Mind frame. And if that's the case...yikes
Our political system is bought and paid for corrupting almost everything and the
root cause of many of our problems!! Needs fixing.
A large population of have nots die while another very small group keeps even more money in their accounts
You're a broken record
GOP still trying to show fuzzy trickle down economics work. Works for them & their wealthy buddies, not for the rest of us.
And Kill Kids Elderly POOR all 4 GREED
Republicans the party of shameless greed #richfolkdon'tneednodiscount
Totally worth it. JK The GOP are like a big cruel joke.
Thank you, Kamala for working for us.
AMEN!
Still using the Joseph Goebel tactic of repeat a lie often and loud enough people will believe it no one has their healthcare taken
Tell it!!
Say you want single payer
Those are not the facts.Just Your scare tactics.If you can't pay your Obama premiums and $5,000 deductible, you have no healthcare.
Show us the your facts. I know what I pay & what my services include. And what I'll have to pay if repealed is 10x now.
How can you know the amount of increase if the law is not written?Medicaid is not cut. Future growth reduced over time by changing it
Somebody's gotta be able to cough up the $200,000 Mar-a-Lago initiation fee ;)
So its not really a health care plan. It s a tax cut bill for the mega wealthy.
So who will stop them the judge?
No senate business until they back off, take repeal off table. 
That seems fair. Um, nevermind I'm 401.
Unacceptable
#KillTheBill 
Can we get you to run in 2020?
Run where!
Drop dead bot
WOW, truth hurts! Sorry looser!

Where do people come up with thes numbers? Can someone show me
Fight for single payer!
Again @SenKamalaHarris you lie you stop 300 million for nothing but you try to scare some as you do nothing #fakeamerican #fakeRepresentive
Only 400? Well that seems fair - NOT!
If we all get sick or hurt and can't work, or we die from lack of care,  how will those 400 households cook, clean, build, and repair stuff?
It'll be like Atlas Shrugged, or something
Absolutely...
Distinctly un-American 
#1percentwealthcare
Aaah that's what he meant by draining the swamp 
Can repeal of ACA on its own be filibustered?
