No we should enforce the law I am sorry they get a raw deal but the law is the law
just because it's a law doesn't make it just. (slavery was law, excluding women and minorities from voting was the law; segregation was law
My wife is from Canada and had to do it the right way so no matter what things from the past you bring up does not change the law
The end of your comment is "ignorance"
sorry you don't want a country but a world without borders or laws I am not the ignorant http://one.you  are justifying lawlessness
Just change
What do I need to be white to feel the way you do,or does my wife who came here legally should support people who break the law?
We need to do the right thing w/DACA so one day these young people can live the American dream just like you & I. We are all immigrants.#SB4
How about helping out our own US citizens in Houston!  Shouldn't that be your priority right now?  Just sayin'
houston has 500K undocumented immigrants. they are human beings.
Kamala I am not a constituent but damnit if you don't make me beyond proud. Thank you.
Yes we need to keep our promise to these young people
Im dreaming you go away
Shouldn't make illegal promises
Renew DACA. Encourage DREAMERS to join American Dream.
I've interviewed a College Grad Dreamer & would like to hire. Dreamer has filed to renew DACA. USCIS is super slow in processing renewal.
DACA, is not the law of the land,  it's an Obama rule. Go home
Didn't we just promise them a bus ticket back to whence they came?
We didn't promise people breaking our law anything except, that sooner or later we will find you and enforce our laws.Justice will be served
Nah the American people made no promises. Obama did. Put it to vote.
Your promise does not negate the law sweetheart!
Elections have consequences honey. The "policy" put in place by the last admin is no more.
Will you disavow Antifa and George Soros or are you already bought and paid for?
Right Kamala so empty your wallet and bank account and give it all to the dreamers they deserve your money you don't
Who made that promise?
A Democrat rounding up more feel good votes with a promise he could not keep.
Thanks for working tirelessly for these amazing people - who btw, have committed no crimes and will be very productive members of society.
Amen!!! 
You don't deserve to be in office Nancy Pelosi panty sniffer
Thank you
I didn't make any promise.  Only Zerobama made promises
Phase out. No new ones. Do legislation like it should have been done. Follow the law.
Please be the voice for so many amazing young people who DESERVE to be here. Better idea.. why don't we send TRUMPTARD away.
No promise has been made to anyone here illegally.
By all means keep the promises made to Dreamers.  What about those made to CITIZENS OF CALIFORNIA getting beaten in Berkeley?  FOCUS NOW
http://www.prosecutorialaccountability.com/2015/02/01/ca-ag-harris-drops-appeal-in-wake-of-judges-suggestion-prosecutor-be-tried-for-perjury/ … #KROOKEDKAMALA
https://sfla.webconnex.com/korruptkamala . #KROOKEDKAMALA You arrested @daviddaleiden 4 exposing the killing&selling of babies&U sided w/babykillers
http://calwatchdog.com/2013/11/15/ag-kamala-harris-blatant-but-legal-corruption/ ….  #KROOKEDKAMALA
http://www.latimes.com/local/politics/la-me-lying-prosecutors-20150201-story.html ….  #KROOKEDKAMALA Remember when you wouldnt pros your own crooked agency?
We didn't make a permanent promise to Dreamers.  The program has an end date which is approaching now.
WE ... do you have mouse in your pocket? WE didn't promise illegals or their offspring a damm thing. That was done by King Obama.
How about holding up the promises made to the american people about health care? Guess that doesn't produce that many votes or coverage.
Obama promise? I think the law overrides promises.
I would rather you uphold your promise to defend the constitution.
@LesterJ76130762
62 million made no promise.
why?
We need it to become law and not a political tool.  Work to move legislation along and stop the lip service.
It is already law.  Children not born in America are still not citizens.  Pretty much how immigration laws work around the world.
Your busy doing lib politics when you could be helping in TX
Trump is bound and determined to get rid of everything that Obama declared and put into law
God I hope so.
THere is not a shot in hell he will keep promise.He is about chaos, destruction, power&pain.He just pardoned Arpaio.THEY hate BROWN PEOPLE.
Yes you are right, we must.
A lot of bots and Bullshit here...
The right thing to do is uphold the law. A law you obviously ignore.
Aiding and abetting criminals.
#IdentityPolitics #IDpolitics
#Merica #Idiocracy
#DixiecraticNeoliberalCorporatists
Why don't they become citizens and be legal?
Crooked commie creep Trump will be gone soon. Hopefully all damage done can be reversrd.
I love you leftist independents. "I'm an independent I hate republicans". First president is Nasi, now he's a communist. Read a book
Yes Sen.Kamala Harris, your tweet (notification) in these mins TRUTHFULLY (Family) 
7:00pm CT. @MLBnetwork Tuesday Baseball @RedSox Boston vs @BlueJays Toronto,  @SenKamalaHarris
By not prosecuting predatory lenders who aggressively foreclosed on debtors during the '08 housing & financial crisis as Calif. AG!
#DemExit
so work to re write the law , dont just break it..you are after all an elected official..oh wait you dont know how to propose a new law ?
This is a travesty, are republicans  that racist?? My god

.@KamalaHarris You make us all want to name our babies after you. God bless you always. #kamalaharris2020
Promises made & anti-Obama hate are two different things. The racist backlash/jealousy after 8 years of Obama admin is palpable.
Or... their parents could take care of them  #TrumpBackToSchoolTips
GO HOME ILLEGAL ALIENS    ALL OF THEM   Me casa is not su casa
Thanks Kamala. Dreamers are more of America's future than Conservatives.
You must condemn Antifa.
