He opposes the rights of women and LGBTQ Americans and perpetuates discriminatory conspiracy theories.
A qualified judicial nominee must uphold justice for all & consider the impact of their decisions on our society.
I strongly oppose John Bush's nomination.
He is the epitome of an authoritarian judge. It's not about justice, but the law interpreted ideologically.
#Trump should not be president. He has to go. With him in office we are not able to move our country forward.
It's better than Obama's...Atleast the country ain't going backward.
Ok lil boy bot, you and your 20 followers have a nice hot day in the South. You're welcome from all the blue cities and states payin ur way.
Awwwww.....Now you're getting personal.We'll  keep this talk strictly political if ya don't mind
Sad. How can republicans be such bad people.
And tell me Pam before Trump how was everything going
You claim to research your opinions. Breitbart and Fox do not count as unbiased sources. Look deeper. You've allowed yourself to be conned.
just wondering what is your research
Reuters, c-span, factcheck, AP/UPI, voice of America, economist, Christian Science monitor and some MSM with a very critical ear. You?
You must protect US, from them!
Sounds like you're describing everyone on the 
#NinthCircuit whose rulings are overturned 80% of the time at #SCOTUS
Is that true?  Sounds like a bullshit stat to me
Exactly pitiful leadership
.....I want my to like the twice
Which makes him a quintessential Trump administration choice.
Yes he does. Stop his nomination!
What can we do about it, Ms Harris? TELL ME!
vote in every election and get people you know to vote in every election.
Yep. Already doing that. Thanks!
I used to argue before that court and I agree with you COMPLETELY!!!
Too bad Kamala live with like we had to with all the pathetic Obama appointments
That's why they nominated him.
The GOP will not be satisfied until they control it all incl the courts, more puppets for the 1% autocrats/theocrats KochBos,Heritage,et al
Fight the good fight, Kamala. But Trump's judicial appointments are going to be his lasting legacy spreading poison long after he is gone.
My hope is he's too lazy to fill most of those vacancies.
Unless the box is created & checked by a White Christian Rich GOP Man needing tax shelters & envir. regs lifted to improve corporate profits
Naturally. What else do we expect?
We need to demand an end to lifetime appointments across the board.
Were you doing that under Obama as well?
No, back then I was busy campaigning for the GOP. Term limits are a newer interest of mine.
Who did you vote for in 2016?
I ended up voting for Gary Johnson. My state went Trump by a huge margin.
With respect, we have even bigger fish to fry, now. We’re on the Brink of an Authoritarian Crisis
Life. Time. Appointment.
Finally a tweet from Kamala that's not pure mush. Way to go staffer who wrote this!
If Kamala hates Bush he must be awesome! Only people in  calif can stomach Kamala Harris.
He must be extremely busy to personally interview every nominee.  John Bush must have some sort of nonjudgemental superpower!  #MAGA
He apparently meets three qualifications: Male, a Pulse, No Compassion/ Empathy
And every idealistic objection Frankin posed could be applied to Trump.
Nicely Put!
Of course because there is s shit show every damn day
Why?
Time for another episode of
"Dems obstructing the new Trump regime because otherwise we will end up in a dictator & freedomless Trump regime
Why do you think they nominated him? (snark)
Unfortunately that means he is a perfect fit for this regime
There shouldn't be any "lifetime" appointments for judges, simply ridiculous.
Agreed
Just great...
Like Hillary as Secretary of State or President?
Unfortunately, your low opinion of Bush only makes him more appealing to the racist GOP.
No way would Sen biz get done if GOP minority+Dem prez in Putin's pocket. When y'all gonna SHUT IT DOWN?!
We have to stop these appointments must as soon as possible #ResistGOP #Resistance GOP & Trump  #ResistGOP
Our judiciary is currently our only functioning branch of government.  Republicans are hell bent on destroying it too.
Sounds like their kinda guy
Sounds perfect
Hold fast
Omg 
@gop has completely lost all human decency. All rules & standard of conduct completely wiped away. I am on a plane & feel like I might cry
Par for the course for trump. He's unfit to serve our country and so is everyone around him!
Of course.  Always the worse possible candidate.
Congress has power impeach, prison judges when necessary
John Bush is atrocious & he lied during his testimony to congress which should disqualify him, but GOP doesn't care
http://www.thedailybeast.com/trumps-judicial-pick-john-bush-lies-to-the-senate-about-comparing-abortion-to-slavery …
Can a president fire a Sixth Circuit judge?
I've wondered why McConnell has been tweeting his praises. I wonder when a McConnell nod will be akin to the kiss of death for credibility..
You check every box for a greedy woman and you only care about your career, not the truth and not the people of this great Country.
Too bad you can't stop him...Time for more judicial cleanup...
DON'T CONFIRM
But then, so does Trump & his entire mob crew!
Can't be any worse than the 9th Circuit that is consistently overturned
Who are Dems FOR this appt   @SenateMajLdr speaks of. Names, we need names!
Which in this day and age means not a single gop congresscritter will oppose his nomination, right?
So @realDonaldTrump as a Judge. Got it. #unpresidented #sad
Thank you for your efforts, Senator Harris.
http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2017/06/14/trump-judicial-nominees-civil-rights-newsom-bush-schiff-215253 …
http://www.thedailybeast.com/trumps-judicial-pick-john-bush-lies-to-the-senate-about-comparing-abortion-to-slavery …
.an endorsement for conservatives of John Bush
Your fan club is waiting
#ProtectAmericasIconicMustangs
#ProtectAmericasWildHorsesAndBurrosZinke
But, but... McConnell said everybody loves this guy! He wouldn't lie to us [again], would he?
This must not stand
Doom. That's the only word I have left for the plethora [already] of laws, retractions, meanness, inhumanity, treason, hypocrisy and scandal
It's a shame more people are not alarmed at the appointment of John Bush.
Republicans are filling our gov't with incompetent loyalists.
Of course he's incredibly unfit- that's the #1 job requirement to be hired by the Trump admin
Dear #neverhillary voters - this is on you.
Incompetency is what the GOP is all about.

The next question is: how much are special interests paying for his nomination? Because with .@realDonaldTrump it's all about the money.
Shameful. It is not as though there is a shortage of qualified conservative attorneys. Why does the GOP always reach for the wackos
No unfit GOP judges!
#JohnBush
Kinda like you --- every box was checked unfit to be a US Senator.
Then he's the perfect @GOP choice
Correctamundo, Senator. THANK YOU for fighting for us on this very important issue. Judicial appointment have consequences.
want to see unfit, senator, look in the mirror
Kamala opposes helping single mothers and single fathers she has no ideas of how to help them and has no intentions to she is for big money
Kamal is out for her self she cares not for the Poor, LGBTQ or Elderly she is all about money & stagnate Washington she blocks all progress
Kamala is doing the Washington two step my liberal friends she's following the money to the promise land with Pelosi & Maxine waters wake up
Kamala is in for the money my liberal friends wake up she is being taught by the best in Washington Warren, Pelosi, Schumer & Maxine Waters
What & your money grubbing with the rich and shameless makes you perfect think again Kamala The Real True Liberals of America are waking up
Kamala is badass.
Yep.
That makes him a shoe-in!!
He related to GW's tribe? If so nepotism in any party is so wrong.
I appreciate your boldness!
Vote Against the GOP vote OUT the GOP 2018,2020
Filling the swamp with more swamp rats.
These creeps, AKA, your colleagues, are in a blood thirsty feeding frenzy. 
Quelle surprise
Word of advice: if you have any desire to be the first woman president of this country, you'll need to move a bit to the center.
Then is perfect nominee for this administration. Everyone appointed is deliberately picked to disrespect, disable & dismantle their area.
Your stupidity and lack of maturity make you unfit to be our senator.
Placing a chess piece hey!

I'm gonna support John Bush just because you want to silence him. Thanks for helping 
Seriously, these lifetime appointments if judges, even SC justices, has to stop. A ten year appointment wld put an end to this nonsense.
Barf
They'll definitely appoint him, in that case.
Read Devils Bargin 

https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/jul/18/devils-bargain-review-steve-bannon-donald-trump-book … @realDonaldTrump has never been the real President
John Bush will be confirmed because of Socialist like Kamal who attack with no proof.  Just a fake narrative because he is a conservative.
We will see
Whenever there is no VALID reason to oppose a nominee, the left will ALWAYS default to "rascist, bigot, xenaphobia." - makes 4 a SICK nation
Thank you for pivoting to cover all the fires burning Senator Harris
Integrity of our courts demands scrutiny and minimal standards, should not be about shoving ideologues into positions of power!  Thank you!
This works both ways however. Just because you disagree with one point of view does not make silencing said opinion any more right
Will it Matter at th End of th day when @SenateGOP  Keep RAMMING Ev1 thru Like Devos Sessions Tillerson Pruitt Gorsuch Ty @SenKamalaHarris
So at least tRump's picks are consistent... consistently BAD for America; unqualified and wrong. #Resist #25thAmendmentNow
#TheResistance
#TrumpBooks
Diaper Don's Terrible, Horrible, 
No Good, Very Bad Presidency.…
Wish I could get a lifetime job then not have work and let crap happen!  Sweet job!  No accountability!
The treasonist fascist GOP admin. will slowly replace them all just like Putin did. It is called a dictatorship...
Thank you for standing against bigotry and hatred. 
YES! Sen Kamala Harris, your tweet post (notification) this min.; Watching @CSPAN 2 U.S. Senate, Vote John K. Bush ,Nomination
#TheResistance
 
#TheResistance
You can use this on the trolls my fellow patriots 
we would like you to run for President Kamala
That's after Rep's blocked about 100 nominations during Obama's term. #TakeWashingtonBack
Isn't that the theme of all this administrations appointees?
#TheResistance
 
He failed bigly this last round :(
