I'd go further. Trump can be impeached now for obstruction. #impeach
Obstruction of what crime?
Can you be more obstuse. Firing Comey asking Comey to pledge loyalty. Asking Comey to kill Russia election investigations.
^obtuse
Federal Witness tampering. Tweets to Yates b4 testimony. Tweets to Comey about testifying. (Hints at w.h Recording meetings)
Witness tampering/intimidation is illegal. Abuse of office. Obstruction of justice. #impeach
Although we would then get a real conservative in office with impeachment that would REALLY upset the liberals!!
I'd welcome a real conservative. knows how to add. Is compassionate. Cares for the poor and underprivileged. 

Does one exist?
Giving away other people's money actually doesn't make you compassionate. I'm sure that's outside your realm of thinking
I don't think the Repubs can be counted on to do the right thing. They have lost all sense of country & are doing what they can to divide

who is the idiot really?
Agreed 100% > But oyr Luck, We American have voted for the biggest Donkey of Mellinium @realDonaldTrump Just in 100 days look at US
We nd Sp prosecuter for HRC, Lynch, Rice, OB. Brennen, Comey
This is nothing more than a witch hunt!
I don't see it happening. So far, party has come first!
they will regret backing a Buffoon
Why do I get the feeling that 85% of Trump followers are freaking lunatics?
Your a fraud, we don't need a special prosecutor for this criminal  and I haven't herd you say one word about it  #DemExit

That's what Democrats should do too. The DNC are in a frenzied hate fest and time to 'PUT COUNTRY OVER PARTY"
Country, not dictatorship. The Dems are putting country first protecting against all enemies, foreign & domestic.
You're hilarious.

#Extortion17
#MSMfirewalledTheTruth
#OFundedTheMullahs
#WorldsNumerOneStateSponsorOfTerrorism
#Iran
Dems & Reps will put country first only when they remove the Zionist Yoke around their necks.
All true American who love this country, must put country over party. This is why USA is greatest nation in the world.
"Country over party"...something ALL elected officials should do 100% of the time!
but they wont, theyre too busy cashing in, or as they see it, being true to their "ethos".
I think we're beyond a special prosecutor at this point he should just be impeached !
Obviously as a Canadian you have no understanding of the impeachment process. Nor is your opinion needed.
Hes going down!! 
Frozen brain.
Or we did and it screwed you Democrats
@JohinzLV this tweet doesn't seem to be aging well , hrc cheated your primary, country over party ?
if you want to run for POTUS you need too do better than plattitudes
The Republicans don't love this country, they only love themselves - their  homogenous, non-diverse selves.
That would be niceThis way they're both gone at the same time
Only problems we still would have are ryan and mcconnel
Hey its #MsPotatoHead from #Mexifornia fucked that State up know working on the rest
And the world would be better without self absorbed conservatives like you who when they dont get their way blame others for their failures
That is just priceless!  You mean like the a Dems with the huge email scandal of HC?  Benghazi!  IRS?, VA, etc etc.
Wonder how many are paid trolls to write crap in support as Russia sees issues of boiling anger.
Not going to occur.
I think its moot at this point.    deck is stacked, Trump, Pence, Sessions, Ryan gojng down.  DJT will be the most infamous POTUS ever.
McConnell too!
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP don't be an accessory to Treason, appoint a #SpecialProsecutor
I am enjoying in your tweets
We are watching and we vote! #TheResistance @TheSWPrincess @COPicard2017 @CapMalcolm @Olivetimenspace @MrScottLads
They havent so far...& as long as the Evil Turtle is in charge-it's unlikely they'll find their cajones. Must be all stuck up in that shell
However, the time is nigh when Repubs will have to choose: go down with #TitanicTrump or jump for it.  .@lewislacook .@Ireland0828 .@funder
So far, Republicans have yet to err on the side of integrity, humanity, or kindness. Or doing what's right for US.
Why only republicans? Why aren't more dems supporting single payer?
Probably because the MAJORITY of FORMER Dems are NOW Independents!
Hang him then try him?  Would it not start with independent investigation?  How easily you dismiss the crimes of HRC. List is long Senator.
that's what Dems did wasnt it, eight years of their PARTIES AGENDA REGARDLESS OF HOW MANY INNOCENT LIVES LOST LETTING N TERRORISTS R ALIENS
Not sure what you mean, Paul. GOP had control of Congress for Obama's second term, plus two more in the House during his first.
Btw, your questions in senate confirmation hearings were stupid beyond belief. It's scary you're in Congress!
Have you come out AT ANY TIME DENOUNCING ANTIFA? BERKELEY DESTRUCTION, FIRES, SHUTTING DOWN CONSERV. SPEAKERS?
Dems have engaged in political Blackmail, have NEVER denounced violence in the protests,have never denounced suppression of conserv.speech!
It's the Democrats putting politics over country!From Nov 9th,All you've done is RESIST BAMN,BOYCOTT COMMITTEE HEARINGS,SLOW WALK CAB.CF.
An investigation in search of a crime  SMH, you need to spend time building a platform not chase ghost stories. Pathetic, Dem wipeout 2018
Your are so right. They have to create an agenda/platform. It's not enough to be against something; they need to be for something.
Funny coming from a partisan corrupt hack like  you
Get lost! Try to unseat our President+you and your friends sabotaging our Country will see the wrath of tens of millions who voted for Trump
So true 
My role model
Like Dems are the moral authority??? OMG you've lost your mind, where was your Outrage over the countless Obama and HRC insanity??
Resign
Absolutely.
Robert Mueller to be a special counsel overseeing the Russia investigation
Yes we need a special prosecutor
Americans have to go out and VOTE to restore balance within the two party system !
I agree 1000%, but today's Republicans are not the same as those who served during Watergate. They don't care about America
It will never happen!!!
They'll get on that any day now....Just kidding.  If they cared about the country, they wouldn't have nominated Trump in the first place.
We need to do a bit more than retweet this tweet to get positive results.  2018 is near, FYI.
#Trumprussia #TrumpLeaks #trumpmeltdown #GOP
Right, you mean like #obama secretly gave #Iran $400 Million CASH in the dead of night? OR @HillaryClinton gave #Russia 20% of US uranium?
Not up for debate. Sorry.
Facts are not Debatable, Sorry. #obama: "you can keep your Doctor, period". Documented #LIE
We need independent commission. Much of T's behavior isn't criminal. Immoral, unethical impeachable yes. Criminal no. Need indpndt commssion

SpecProsecutr is called in when specific crime is ID'd. Investigation is still in info gathering phase- -2 call in SP wld B cart B4 horse.
You have no integrity why would we listen to you
Some of us wish you would have at least attempted to prosecute Steve Mnuchin.
@SenJohnMcCain @JeffFlake it's not too late for the both of you to stand for country over party......an AZ voter
Trumpgate will be bigger than Watergate so they might as well throw it in. 2018 will show them what supporting a dictator gets them.
Agree
Republicans still giving Trump benefit of the doubt.

@bellaontheave Apart from Pelosi & McCain who else has the ticker? We shall remember those who didn't speak up. #Complicit
I would start whispering #PresidentPence #25thAmendment at all your Republican colleagues. What R-Sen. run in 2018?
Need something different than special prosecutor. Something w/ broader scope.
You hate the US, you racist Nazi. So, sit down & shut up.
Of course I agree but so long as McConnell is in charge of the Senate and Ryan is in charge of the House, it'll never happen.
We need The Justice League.
He's Enemy of The State and poses a Clear and Present danger to Citizens of the U.S.A!

It's an intel-sharing agreement between these five countries. Which many other countries are not happy about.
@DudekLinda Yes....Kamala...Yes...this. Is a complete MESS in Washington DC ..Foreign countries are laughing at us !!!
Someone needs to stop this man PLEASE
Yep, @SpeakerRyan why is keeping 1 district your focus over protecting the country's democracy?
#Mandate =78%want #IndependentCommission 
Unacceptable All the PEOPLE, we the PEOPLE want an INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION!  You work for us and so does the PRESIDENT!  President dear?
I don't agree.  Can tell you are a DIM.  Spend $$ to satisfy egos. Not one for Hillary Clinton either.  Are you an attorney?
So agree!

If you promise the whole special investigation won't get lost down a rabbit hole
I agree.
sorry but if it didn't happen in the last administration it's not gonna happen here
Democrats was stop promoting #meninlittlegirlsbathrooms
Must
They can't. They're cowards and unamerican.
Hahahahahaha
Heck YES we do but good luck with your gop Senate folks.
That "country over party" goes both ways honey & "special prosecutor" means someone Dems who approve of
Read @davidfrum I think you'll be convinced an independent commission is needed (maybe also special prosecutor?)
I agree, but it'll never happen
I agree. Both parties should put country over party for that matter.
I agree
I totally agree
Absolutely
Give me one piece of evidence first ...
One piece of evidence? How about the fact that Trump fired the guy investigating him, and R's still drag their feet on ind. investigator?
@AnikoTevvit but they won't :(
I hope you are talking about Hillary.
One down two more choices
 give you a clue- he's Orange
Why should anyone listen to you, aren't you the one that helped throw FL to Bush over Gore?
Unfortunately, it's not going to happen.
Come on ppl. Retweet plea to create a special prosecutor! Trump & Russia want the TRUTH let's find it ! The Constitution is the law not GOP!
If Donald Trump shot someone in Time Square...House and Senate GOP Would still support him! Shame! Shame! Shame! #Trumprussia #kremlingate
YES - AGREED- we support a SPECIAL PROSECUTOR to reopen the Hillary Email Scandal, Obama fast and furious, Obama IRS scandal, Benghazi etc!
for what? Dems are the ones that need investigated and jailed
It would r much easier to get a heroine addict to kick the habit.
Comey needs to testify as a civilian. He has great power he's weilding
People who need 2 put US over party R Schumer lackeys like U  who with scorched earth want  recession 2 continue 2 retake senate in 2018
I agree, but it's not going to happen. #GOP
Agree
GOP is locked on hard. 
No way they would survive as a party if they turn NOW. 
Haven't seen 45 willing to adhere to any rule, tradition or law. Don't U expect him or his environment to do so now.
http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/us-elections/donald-trump-president-inauguration-hair-wig-claims-combover-a7536711.html … 
You are so right. Our Constitution 1st. That's what the oath to office is about. Not party lines. Special prosecutor!
If there's nothing illegal, they why the obstruction?  Trump's moves are perfect for teaching a 4th grader what obstruction of justice is.
Democrats must put country before party & clean up their GD party #CorruptDNC #DNCFraudLawsuit
For sure.
I wholeheartedly agree, but recommend that you don't hold your breath...
When are the Democrats going to put Country before Neoliberalism???

Uh, this isn't the Student Senate.  You need proof of an actual crime for a special prosecutor.  Please resign.
they will never do that we will have to vote them out.
@stevestivers @senrobportman putting America before party is not an option it's a duty. Appoint an independent special prosecutor. #Trump
When they find indisputable evidence, they'll suppress it saying the voters can't find out how easily a govt can be overturned.
Yes special prosecutor, the Clintons and Obama should be in jail!
I agree
Thank you! Someone needs to say it
That depends on what republicans you are talking about.
You should put country over campaign donor
They haven't done that in decades, why start now?
not gonna happen. they are too dim to play a long game.
They will not do that, Kamala, so now what? What will the Democrats do to save our democracy? They are on their own.
The color RED has become more important than RED,WHITE, & BLUE. People's moral compass has stopped functioning properly.
unfortunately, you're asking the GOP to have some principles, let's not bet on it.
I agree
Nope, only Obama or Hrc crimes if any.
Absolutely. The interference with last November's election was so blatant that each congressmen needs to decide if they are with us or Putin
Hello how are you doing
K, Republicans 'put country over party'??? May I suggest that you return as soon as possible to Planet Earth and have a good look around you
Wow really?  So says the obstructionist party 
Unfortunately this won't happen. The untapped natural resource of Russia joined to  the biggest world economy is a corrupting goal.
Not only Country over party, but welfare of their Constituents over self-interest and personal enrichment.
Politicians 
(Both Parties)
Need to put
The Constitution 
Over Party
Something they swore
Hand on Bible
An oath
To GOD & Man
They would do
When was the last time the Democrats put country over party? Certainly not during the Obama years. They aided & abetted weakening of America
Never gonna happen, and sooner those that oppose them realize that the faster we can fix the ongoing disaster
I agree but won't hold breath. GOPers believe they know better & have right to squelch dissent. They're misogynistic, entitled, old & white
they should but i fear they won't.
They took a Loyalty Oath.they're only giving their Accountability to their Boss.Ryan hiding.McConnell 76 years of age doesn't have Stamina
NO!! They need to impeach immediately, arrest him with the evidence we have so far and LOCK HIM UP.! Then we can continue w/Russia treason.
con man Trump must be pulled out of the office and thrown in jail for the damage he is trying to inflict on our democracy
I like you a lot but it's a waste of time.
Of course, it's still pointless since healthcare vote made it clear that Republicans don't care what their constituents think.
Let's put @RepAdamSchiff and @BarackObama at lead over special prosecution team.
Have you started the process to impeach?
I'm afraid we could retweet this a billion times and Republicans would ignore it.
Unfortunately that will never happen. They are drunk with dreams of permanently being in power.
Unless they are indicted. We can only hope...
Then they need to go ahead and investigate the last eight years of President Obama, and Hillary Clinton with a special prosecutor 1st.
Republicans must put country over party and support a special prosecutor
I can retweet til my fingers fall off. They are implicated. They will not agree.
@RogerMarshall @SenPatRoberts @JerryMoran #ksleg
What if I'm a dem that now disagrees with everything a democrat says? If there is a party that should put country over party it's the dems.
I would say you are not willing to admit a mistake. But it's early. I'm patient
He has made no mistakes as President that has me thinking twice. I don't listen to loony liberal media propaganda.  #TRUMP2020
So it's okay that every time he meets with a foreign leader he is the least informed person in the room. Where is all the greatness?
How do you come to that conclusion? How many times have you spoken to Trump and how many foreign leaders have you met?
President of China had to describe China North Korea relations. Reported by pool on location.
Just blew milk from my nose even supposing that a Republican, at this politically-charged time, could EVER put country over party.
“Patriotism means to stand by the country. It does not mean to stand by the president." -Theodore Roosevelt, #POTUS 26 #TrumpRussia
If the Republicans won't do the right thing, what are other options?
Republican obstruction of justice is also treason and an indefensible crime against patriotic Americans.
Yes.
Republicans would have a hundred separate inquiries ongoing if this was Hillary - FIND UR BALLS DEMOCRATS BEFORE THERE IS NO COUNTRY LEFT!
Aren't you currently being investigated for something? You should probably just stay quiet
Well that's what they SHOULD do, but they only care about themselves and money in their pockets.
country seemingly knew Trumpf corrupt bullshitting con artist, and voted him in precisely because of said traits.  Careful Pence, far worse
Yep... "IF" Pence was actually in the room (as some reports say) during those warnings about Flynn, then he will go down with the rest.
If an if was a fifth our whole country would be drunk right now
#support hell yes
The Russians have leverage over Trump, and Trump has leverage over the R's who took laundered Russian money.  So they're very quiet...
I retweeted it. By the way, I trust that you supported Ken Star: )
I hope your not reading the twitter feed from Senate and House GOP - seems they're quite proud to be working with @realDonaldTrump
There are always those who will be on the wrong side of history.
Special prosecutor into the DNC rigged primary against Sanders. Shame shall follow forever Kamala...
