She definitely fit that description in today's performance.What an embarrassment to our nation! Lacking legal knowledge.SCOTUS will overturn
And her fangirly base spent all day wailing but..but...she's black, she's black. IS THAT ALL YOU GOT IN DEFENSE OF THIS BIMBO WITCH? 
you're just lovely aren't you?
I was being nice.
At least I don't call people names based on who they choose to date. Commenting on a public idiot's public performance in a public forum=ok!
i don't know who you're talking about.
You! You call people who date for reasons you don't approve of Uncle Tim. I've been very patient w u. Bye.
Hey dummy, how does that crow taste? #MAGA
That's fantastic news! Senator Harris please help those trapped in inhumane detention centers, where many undocumented are dying or abused.
You are out of your mind. We are paying millions for 12+M illegals,& U are complaining of detention centers. THEN DON'T COME HERE ILLEGALLY!
Oh the irony that would be, if the next terror attack in the US wiped you out! You are a globalist shill that needs to be voted out
I have no tears for leftwingers victimized by terror.
Me neither.As I have suggested, some1 should do a  study on victims of terror attacks. How many (and affected family) change from Dem to R?
#NoBanNoWall  why are they building a wall around the Eiffel Tower?
Of course GOP would try to hush you Senator Harris .. you are everything they are not .. smart, savvy ... young < hahahaha
You and Kamala should house illegals from those countries and set the example with photo ops proving you are.
Yeah,the circuit comprised of liberal judges who enjoy overreaching their authority.Doesn't reflect well upon them.The public knows the deal
Is that still ongoing at that rate?  Seriously? 1900/month?
I'm so glad that the courts are continuing to uphold the Constitution. Discrimination of any kind has no place in our lives.
You really in fact are a "Wack Job".  People told me that but I waited for PROOF - YOU provided that proof. SCOTUS otherwise
No, it's judges becoming "activists", not adjudicators.
This was Obamas Exec. Order. He Cancelled it. The President will make his own Bill. His Constitutional Duty to Protect National Borders
It was expected by liberal court. Will see what supreme Ct says. We have a process.
SCOTUS will overturn.  9th Circus Court of Appeals is overturned 70% of the time. They are all leftwing nutsacks.
Kamala can u explain why obamas was allowed & not trumps please?
@SenKamalaHarris I sincerely hope that Islamic terror, intimidation and oppression never comes to your door like it has for so many.
it's within the Pres constitutional authority.Again you're clueless.
Can you explain how Jimmy Caters ban wasn't unconstitutional?
.
SCOTUS will over rule and reinstate ban
Victory
Don't get used to it.  Most 9th Circus Court decisions are overturned b/c they are fruitcakes.
The ninth circuit should be banned
The Judicial activism impeding @POTUS's executive order is what's unconstitutional. The law is the law, not play-dough. & #BuildTheWall!
It's a Travel Ban. There are many countries the ban doesn't include where Muslims are, but there's low terror activity in those areas. DUH.
...said the communist terrorist sympathizer
Are you going after San Bernardino CA voters with this tripe? You're using the wrong bait Senator.
@SenKamalaHarris I've never been prouder of my Senator than I was with "So that's a no?" Comment to Rod Rosenstein. You have my support %
I'm sick of winning   lol
Then if anything happens under Ur watch, we will hold U & Ur righteous group personally responsible for not doing Ur JOB!
Not IF...but WHEN something happens.  And yes...these Democrats will continue to lose elections since the blood is on THEIR hands.
Hehe!
They have had more than a month longer then they claimed was desperately needed to develop the "right vetting". Where is the plan @GOP ?
Cocktapus is OUTofCONTROL in NY! Support YOUR Sisters NY Women Celebrating 100 years of the VOTE! July 14 come visit Seneca FALLs NY Convent
Trump is going to fire Robert Mueller Rosenstein knew this when Sen Harris tried to get him to commit to letter of intent/hands off Mueller
President Trump has the authority to ban threatening individuals from entering US. Muslim ban is your wording - not true.
Kamala—I'm in CA. Could you please hurry up and become POTUS? Please? I'll be your BFF. 2020 can't some soon enough for us.
She has no chance.  No one in America will vote for some Marxist moonbat from CA.  After 8 yrs of hell w/Obama all you do is LOSE elections
Ms. Harris, please invite all undocumented folks from the Middle East to live in your neighborhood please!! leave the rest of us alone
oh noooo, she's not talking about her....she is shoving em down our throats.
THAT'S UNANIMOUSLY!!!!!!
That means ALL @realDonaldTrump!!!!
You're a lying hack
The most overturned liberal court. Whatever. Supreme court will finally put this to rest. Why would you want terrorists here, Kamala?
Save AMERICA vote Against the GOP 2018,2020
Didn't they say it was for only 120 days until they could "figure out what is going on"?  Well!!!
"Nepotism, Cronyism, Despotism...oh my"
Yet he persists. What a vulgar statement

Wonderful!!
Don't worry, it will happen. Hopefully sooner than later. Buckle up snowflakes!
Because your pithy the GOP chair will prove that much more irrelevant when attempting to hush your message...but message no less sent.
Graphic: Huge "GOP" shredder with Constitution sticking out...should make a loud point.
Just keep Saying radical Islamist terrorist then it all should just go away.
Please ask the WH say publicly they aren't invoking executive privilege for sessions!! He's going to try to use it in questioning!
I trust that the U.S. Supreme Court will do the same !!!
Cool
Courts the fact that we know it makes a difference which President is selecting them should be all we need to say
This would be shocking if the 9th circuit court was actually unbiased but instead they are the extremist that should be removed from court.
Ninth Circus!
How do you figure? To me Trump is just a liar, deflector and chaos generator.
Most everything the 9th does gets over ruled by higher courts.  No great victory here.
@realDonaldTrump
Acknowledged; Sen. Kamala Harris, just now back from Post Office on @CSPAN 2  White House Briefing,  Sean Spiecer, WH Press Secretary
When SCOTUS overturns this, I bet you still won't admit activist judges are a big part of Democrats plan to enact policy they can't pass.
Are you like me; praying the third time is the charm? From your lips 2 God's ear
Wait for the Supreme Court...thats why they call it "The Supreme Court"
Yep. Even the DOJ attorneys can't bring themselves to fight it vigorously.

LOL with extreme vetting in place 98% of visas are being rejected from the Middle East the ban is just to keep you libs distracted.
Who knew that being lawful could be so complicated? 
Misread your post. I thought you said, "being awful"
#NoMuslimBanEver #GopCoordination
