I'm confused, when did we lose our voting rights?
That is so RACISTS!!!!!!
TRUMP is not a Nazi,,That is total hogwash
We need to go back to paper ballots until we can lay down secure guidelines in each state/district/locality. Otherwise no confidence
Btw @SenKamalaHarris u rock, keep standing up for democracy we need every1 fighting everyday
Lets wait and see the results of the Elections Integrity Commission.
The GA06 race was pretty corrupt. Provisional ballots were not counted and Handel did a lot to benefit herself as SOS to deny voting 4 all.
This has to be fixed. The only way they continually win is by putting barriers up to prevent ALL from voting. Moving polling booths etc..
Jim Crow 2017.0
I read something that suggested everybody should be auto enrolled as a voter when they turn 18. It's too simpl & makes too much sense. Do it
Bet it doesn't include a voter id requirement. Now that would be an advancement.
Saw this introduced today! Support voting rights advancement act #RestoreTheVOTE
Are you also going to support IDs for voting?  Or are you happy to continue with voter fraud like all the other Democrats?
AKA the "Allow Non-Citizens to Illegally Vote so Democrats Can Finally Win an Election Act". We see you.
VOTER ID's..Make sure only LEGAL CITIZENS Vote,,not illegal aliens and dead people and voter Fraud
Please also fight against felon disenfranchisement.
Now, why would the GOP even want to give this bill a glance in committee? They are the ones restricting voting so they can win!
most republicans hate our representative democracy.
I blame gerrymandering and the electoral college for the dumbing down of America.
An honest election is not partisan either. I hope you add voter ID requirement in the bill.
Voter ID requirement ? Of the 50 states, ZERO have a voter fraud issue. Voter ID requirement is just another tool of voter suppression.
My grandmother voted republican her whole life.  Now that she is dead she only votes democrat....
Sadly it has become a partisan issue.
I am disabled, cannot drive very far, and am limited in many ways. Getting proper ID and casting an absentee ballot is easy for US citizens.
Good luck!
What does this bill do that isn't happening already, Senator?
Is this to provide ID's to legal citizens and legal immigrants, so the country can be assured that only the people with the right are voting
I REALLY wish it weren't a partisan issue, but the repubs have made it one by deliberately suppressing votes.
No more gerrymandering. Lines should be drawn around existing state and county lines.
It better be made a national holiday or voting in the weekend so people can do their civic duty.
voting rights is the right of the people all people not just a few like the GOP would like
..allowing Americans w an arrest record vote, voter IDs for non-existent voter fraud issue. ALL WAYS TO SUPPRESS THE VOTE. #votingrights
..make a mockery of our democracy. Gerrymandering, decreasing voting polls claiming budget cuts, increase difficulty of registration, not..
But conservatives HAVE made it a partisan issue. They look at the numbers and know there's ways to suppress the vote. And they continually..
Who's right to vote is being denied?
Thank you!
It shouldn't be, but Republicans favor limitations to voting across the board.  Election Day should be a national holiday.
So many have died to give us the right to vote! Please don't let that be in vain and get out and vote every election by mail. No excuses.
Mandatory weekend voting, automatic voter registration. France had its lowest turnout with over 70% bc of those steps. Hello, 21st century!
We need to get rid of the Crosscheck Program. It purged 100s 0f 1000s of voters just for having similar names. There are 23 in AZ w/my name
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris! Repub. politicians being allowed to interfere w/ anyone's right to vote for partisan purposes is obscene.
Does this include Photo ID to be able to vote? Once we have that there should be no problems for everyone being allowed to vote once
I know you are trying your best to get attention for '20, but give it a rest. Not like Dems want to stuff the ballot box, oh wait...
Keep after those A** Hole republicans..just can't get my head around bloatus core..don't they see what's coming?
Stop the @SenateGOP healthcare bill #terrorists
Shame on you hypocrite, manipulator and betrayer of women's rights
Every citizen should be automatically registered to vote at birth.
That is a good idea
Yes it is when the other side can't win without suppressing the vote
Gotta keep the cheats out 1st
If Voting Rights Amendment Act is anything like the Voting Rights Act of 1965 I commend you/colleagues for standing up to voter supptession.
@kayexline IMO election day should b a national holiday thats celebrated wth same gusto as 4th ofJuly. Increase involvement
No one ever said it was.
Ok. U.S. citizens have the right, non citizens do not. And we need new legislation for that?
Another Act while the DNC ACTs alone to put fwd more poor POTUS runners.
If your legal identity isn't clear, why should you have unfettered access to vote? Having a legal ID is not an undue burden.
Thank you Senator. Please call Councillors @CD4MyrtleCole and @ChrisWardD3 in San Diego, who are denying 112,000 petitioners a vote.
Voter motor ID is the way to go. U know, keep it on the up and up.
Go, #Kamala2020, go! How about Australian system of compulsory voting? #RestoreTheVOTE 

AND....

#NHS while we're at it! #HealthcareBill
Voter ID laws MANDATORY NOW
@SenateGOP I implore you to read the #senatehealthcare bill before speaking on it... your constituency is watching. #AmericaforAll
... The referenced 11% and common reasons are from the @ACLU website.
The Senator from Florida; Sen.Bill Nelson I believe is his correct  name spelling, A Fmr. Astronaut as well ; 2:00pm ct . @weatherchannel
Remember please what was tweeted before ,about nouns, adverbs,adjective, not forgetting prepositions; correct writing grammar usage;I'm not!
From what l see, this VRAA is completely pointless. The evidence would seem to suggest that this would not do anything useful at all.
Every citizen above age 18 should have a say in their future no matter of race religion or past crimes. If you are a citizen you have rights
Sen Harris - could you please look into Crosscheck - Kris Kobach is purging people's names across the country because of similarity.
I mean - heaven forbid that we have popular last names like Johnson, Anderson, Martinez... and that some might have same first name.
Only if there a US Citzen do they have a right vote otherwise no they do not and should not be voting in our elections.
Proud of you! Wishing I could meet you!
Please include Gerrymandering suppression of vote physical & electronic, provisional ballots must be counted, all the hack issues & more 
Thank you. You are being heard!
Despite the 2K election debacle,..we need to dump this whole electronic voting thing to!!! #RestoreConfidence
Not so fast. You need to go to your board of elections and learn how their system works. I think you'll be surprised.
stay focused ... BLOCK THE VOTE on trumps WEALTHCARE bill.  @SenateDems
@SenBobCasey: are you a part of this?
@RepBrianFitz: can you be a co-sponsor?
I am so happy you guys are doing this. I just fear that the GOP will not support this for their own self interest.
What's your vote worth without real representation in government.
This Administration knows the power of the minorities here and that's why they keep pressing the neck down
Is Interstate Crosscheck addressed in this bill?
It pitches votes out, 2 at a time!  Mostly those of minority voters.
It is a partisan issue. One party wants to pass unpopular policies, so they undermine democracy.
I wonder where he learned dictatorship!
Google "Testing Theories of American Politics: Elites, Interest Groups, and Average Citizens" princeton study proves democracy is dead
#sad  that is is an issue.
Another MUST READ 4pg Commentary at http://www.GETAnalysis.ca : 

On The #World Stage – ‘The Ugly #American’
