Already have a dream act and LAWS! It's called apply for citizenship.It is not legal Americans responsibility to foot the bill for illegals
You are a real class act. What a lady. NOT!  Nothing wrong with the facts I stated. Hate all you want.
But just like you have a right to be here , immigrants deserve a CHANCE TOO !!
The program should be ended and people need to enter the legal way.
What legal way is there though if you really think about it ?
You apply for citizenship I mean really that's what my friends did . So did lots of other people as well.
Ok and how did they apply ? Cause it had to be with a citizen , or unless you get a visa U
And what about the rest of undocumented people that have been living here for more than 15 year and pay more taxes than real americans?
I got a solution for them, APPLY FOR CITIZENSHIP! If they don't like the taxes, go anywhere else than the US.
You gonna pay? Do you realize how long the process is? Do you even know what the dream act is????
We already do pay, and if you don't have your hand out to the gov,  you may not realize it but so do you, if u actually work!
Plus, the process can last up to two years if one tries to get the citizenship.
A lot of people waited, and still are, they figured it's worth it. Why should some get in front illegally?
I know what its like, i went to canada and became a refugee there because my dad was a bad man who didnt give up to take me away
How did u get here, to be having this conversation?
Everything in U.S.has gone topsy-turvy since 20 Jan 2017.Remove the evil spirit that's haunting America& bring things back to normal again.
Abu are you even an American? I doubt it.
I am100%American.Proud of American greatness.Can't stand anyone who plots with foreign enemies to ruin the first Universal Republic on earth
Really? And a member of Parliament? What branch of US government has a Parliament?
Govt. does not have Parliament, country has. Are you a Trump supporter? O.K. you need not know it.
England has a parliament. The US doesn't. If u were a citizen-u might know that! Abu must be an Indian illegal.
Oh I'm well aware we don't have a Parliament here in the US. He claims to be this "proud" American and isn't even a true American.
All Trump supporters should learn the elementary knowledge that govt.s don't have parliament&all Americans except traitors are proud&true.
What level of education did you achieve. Just curious...you seem very rude and a showboat. Parents must have skipped manners in raising you
and you seem pathologically angry.
Not at all. I'm a lover! I love that Trump won and will make America Great Again in spite of you. See? 
I'm happy that you're happy.
See? Everybody's happy if they want to be 
Yes! They work (hard). They pay taxes. They are as American as any of us. Why would we want to get rid of them?
Why don't they want to be citizens? I don't want to get rid of them
they do, the government doesn't want to acknowledge them because of how they got here. Sad all around
Or because they are racist.
Thank you Senator!
but NO WALL, Kamala.   that is dirty $ for trump. ONLY.   we don't need it.
No, I don't agree. They can apply for citizenship... maybe cutting special circumstances. We have Americans to take care of. Do it legally!
Meant 'citing special circumstances', not cutting. Gotta love technology
What's the dream act lol
And ILLEGAL program Obama put in place...... 
Oh lol
Dream act wasn't placed by Obama

Dream act hasn't passed at any point of time

DACA is what Obama installed 

Get informed
Maybe but You said nothing when Obama restricted immigration 6 times with Executive Orders
Or You said nothing when Obama set a record for deportations
Lol idek what's going on aha
Never
Non-negotiable.
I guess if it were up to you we wouldn't enforce any laws you disagree with honey. #DisrespectIntended
Then who will you use as your political pawns?

No!
I agree that anyone in the US illegally is siphoning money from homeless Americans and US veterans. It costs us $135B / yr. DEPORT!

There are only two sides. Every person must be either for the United States or against it. There can only be patriots and traitors. period.

Incorrect. Obama violated the Constitution with this program. Trump is allowing congress to fix the mess they wouldn't deal with
Harris for president! #2020 retweet if you agree.
CA has Highest Taxes of Any State! There are over 50k #Dreamers in CA JAILS!!
ASAP
You need to be impeached
NOT gonna happen!! We finally have a president who believes in upholding the rule of law- while looking out for American citizens first!! 
So save the dreamers but deport there family's? Even Obama says the daca was unconstitutional. It's either all or none.
Yes, but what we must address is that gov/congress bickers & takes its time to make needed changes, while regular suffer in the meantime.
So if they can't accomplish something in 6 months I'll vote everyone I can out of office.
American kids have no dreams. Democrats screw the middle class White, Black or Browns. Democrats are all for illegals and screw Americans.
Buzzzzzzzzzzz
That is the buzzer ....
That means you are 100%  WRONG!
Why would you tweet something so stupid.?
Ds are 4 WE THE PEOPLE.
FOB
We must also Impeach Trump.  Public Reminder.
Why? President Pence sounds better to you? President Ryan? Come on. Use your head.
First we #ImpeachTrump & remove him.  Then we #ImpeachPence & remove him - after requiring him to appoint a new VP, who then would be POTUS.
It wouldn't be Ryan.  The extended line of succession only gets invoked in the evident of multiple people being removed simultaneously.
The precedent here is Ford, who was made POTUS after Congress removed both Nixon & Agnew (Agnew having been removed first).
It's not a precedent. It's constitutional law. I'm suggesting the progression you suggested. It's not feasible. You should focus on reality.
These young men and women are a great value to thie communities and to our economy. This is their country, like it is ours.
No it's not their country. They are illegal! Follow the laws of our country! You can't make up laws because you want to!
Only if it's a clean bill. No border wall nonsense. Don't reward them for playing politics with people's lives.
#Facts about Our State Ca! There are over 50k #Dreamers in CA JAILS!!
I wish our homeless vets n lgbt kids kicked out of their homes had as many rights n chances as illegals.
Homeless vets I get, but it's safe to say that blame can be placed on LGBT kid's parents for KICKING them out.
They are us citizens placed behind illegals is my poimt
Yes I have. If conservatives cared, they wouldn't have pursued anti-lgbt legislation, or fight legislation supporting gay marriage.
YES!! I agree! Should have happened 10 years ago!!
@JerryBrownGov Makes Us Pay Highest Taxes in USA! There are over 50k #Dreamers in CA JAILS!!
100% of DACA recipients have no criminal record.
Totally true, Kim! And 100% of them are either in college, college grads, in the military or in the workforce paying taxes.
The amount of misinformation out there is astounding.
Yes, totally astounding! I looked at the above article. Has nothing to do with DACA. People are equating Dreamers with the likes of MS-13.
Maybe next time i'll rob a bank to pay for my kids next meal. Not hurting anyone just need to do whats best for my fam...am I right??
The ignorance of this tweet is mesmerizing.
Only ignorance is not understanding it, but again wouldn't expect anything less. Just because the act makes you feel warm and fuzzy inside
Nothing to do with warm and fuzzy, it is good policy and helps secure our nations future. Your blind bigotry is what will be our downfall.
There's no economic model that shows the creation of wealth by importing poverty. Unless you're a democrat which in that case it does cause
I support you and what you stand for, but the DREAM Act is dangerous without working out the details of the military component
What's wrong with the military component? It makes military service equivalent to college education for the purposes of a Green Card. So?
not only lack citizenship to acquire a higher security clearance, they also lack permanent residency. That hasn't been worked out.
Very good points. Only disagreement is that Conditional Residency is "new": new spouses of US citizens are conditional (CR-1).
They're new in the sense that conditional residents under the DREAM Act wouldn't need a sponsor
And that status hasn't been properly outlined and exercised with the DOD
The dream act doesn't include Americans! I would support such act if if it included all Americans!
As an American are you in danger of being deported? No. That's what the Dream Act is about, by definition it can't include Americans.
My ancestors have been here before Columbus found it. They worked hard & pay their taxes & fought for this country.
As have me and mine. The people in DACA also pay taxes and serve in the military.
Your right they do pay taxes. That's not the point. Why not just make them citizens. No dream act & no special benefits.
Look up how long it takes to get citizenship. Some wait over 20 yrs. this is a stop gap. There is no special benefits and they have to pay.
Without the program, they are not eligible to serve, nor legally work. They can not receive federal aid either.
This fuckin patriot has no brains at all or paid by Russians
He did try to pass it. It's a GOP myth that you are perpetuating and fake history to say he didn't.
Then remember who voted it down. You can use amorphous terms like "prioritize" but it is a lie to say Obama didn't try to pass it.
It is amorphous when you're acting like not being first in line means it's not a priority. Your interpretation.
Again, this only proves what he wanted to do. The timing of trying it is what you are judging & its interpretive
We must take care of illegal citizens before Americans! Said Kamala Harris-screw the poor Americans, we want votes! Screw American dreamers!
hello
Why! We don't owe them anything
Keep dreaming.
The dream act was a joke .done by a president illegally ,not legally done through Congress . I
I don't think you finished your thought.  Continue with the bullshit.....
Depends on what the "Dream Act" is.
Telling people what to do again?   Good luck with that, darlin'.
There is no ACT as if yet, it is your job to write and pass something.
Nope.
Make room in your hearts
Make room in your minds
It will make life livable and you lovable
Agree
No.   End of story

Absolutely not! That's my retweet........ America First
Voting for DREAM Act is to continue the #American #nightmare, where the #rich gets #richer and the #poor gets #poorer..

#Resist #DACA
We get the wall you can have DACA...
Can do that but leave Obamacare... right
We MUST elect a pol that prioritizes the MIDDLE CLASS. Retweet if you agree. #AmericanDreamers
What is the Dream act?
No!  We do NOT need to pass the Dream Act.  Give them a Green Card if their record is clean.
Does that mean all the "dreamers" go back to their country of origin and politicians work for Americans for once ?
Thank you Sen. Harris! I am proud to stand by the people who are fighting for the DREAM Act. You are amazing & I hope to meet you one day!

There are 14 million American children that live in poverty. Meanwhile, Democrats are fighting for illegal aliens stealing public aide. 
To make them leave this country is unforgivable
NO to the Dream Act!
NO to DACA!
NO to racist K Harris in ANY role!
No we mustn't they must be made to come here the right way not be rewarded for continuing to be here illegally
Yeah, LET'S MAKE ROBBING BANKS LEGAL AS WELL!
Praying for you @SenKamalaHarris....youll get voted out. Cant wait!
YEP.........
No thanks!!! But keep dreaming
Wow. Do you champion this hard for ppl that actually voted for you?  #noamnesty #NoDREAMAct #EndDACA
Amazing how much Dem corruption exposed when we have a real DOJ: DWS RICE COMEY LYNCH MENENDEZ CUOMO BRADY MURRY FATTAH BROWN WILLAMS etc!
Why can't you answe a simple question? https://twitter.com/stockmonsterusa/status/907649901646954496 …
AND. We must *not* make military service a condition.
I agree, but won't retweet you so long as you support private, for profit prison$$
Go dream in your bed. In the country where you are a legal citizen.
I agree.
Term limits
Please dont. My sons and grandson have dreams too.
And why should that impede their dreams?
Fair play and rules are what sets U.S. apart from others. Giving help to cheaters just ain't right.
I guess you don't know what DACA is.
Joe, u in freakin Australia! WTF do u know about USA policy and DREAM act? Worry about your own fucked up country, stay outta ours
No I don't agree with you why don't you wake up from your dream okay and stop worrying about Americans black Americans in poverty
You are such a hypocrite.
#DACA The Use Of Children By Obama To Bastardize A Immigration System Instead Of Fixing It?  #HumanTrafficking For Democratic Vote #Criminal
Use Children To Bastardize A Immigration System Instead Of Fixing It
Use Our Tax Money For Everyone Else Forget Our Kids?  
#Snort More Coke
Ya nailed it spot-on!  Again.  
Guess there's nobody else to sleep with to boost her up any higher. Now, she's gotta appeal to her masses.
ASAP!
When will amnesty ever stop. We give it this time will we give again and again?
Does the dream act include legal Americans because I'm 49 years old working my *ss off to support my family!  no dreaming for Americans!
What exactly do you think the DACA program does? Because based on that comment, I can bet it's not what you think it is.
DACA was to allow illegal immigrants born or brought up in the United States at no fault of their own to temporarily live in the US
If they're born here, they are citizens and they don't need the Dream Act or DACA.
They are not legal citizens. DACA doesn't magically make them a citizen. Give them their citizenship & let them work for their dream.
They are my children too! Removing the DREAMERS is an act of cruelty #DACA Drump is a racist without  a conscience&devoid of moral compass
The Dreamers contribute to America in so many ways The criminal in the WH MUST be stopped. My heart breaks for every one of them.
Build the Wall first. Then pass Dream Act.
How long before the American people find out about your ties to the cartels . Days months any day now.
Lmao! Get a life 
Read this....
OPPOSE #bailreform Takes away our 8th Amendment Right to Bail and violates VICTIMS 14th Amendment Right to Due Process.
Thank you POTUS  for your decision
@CrabQ Absolutely RT!  @SenateDems please keep #legalimmigrants in your mind too. Our Green cards are stuck too.
I disagree with most of what you say, this I find comforting, so get to work and get it done.
What we need is to provide the ability of citizens to work toward their dreams as in our constitution.
I DO NOT AGREE!!!! Its NOT a "right" and should NOT be CONTROLLED by the GOVERNMENT! If you want to protects rights, then let us vote on it!
Yes
Dreamers absolutely must remain in the US. They are all as much Americans as you and me.
Their income is subject to withholding and Social Security tax.
Those of you that don't think Dreamers pay taxes are ill informed. They pay property taxes, even if they are renting.
You do know children of illegals can apply for legal visa at 18 without penalty? Have small window to do so
That is what President Trump expects you to do. Stop with all the stupid rhetoric, get to work and do your job.  #MAGA #OurPresident
We must impeach idiotic Kamala Harris.
Of course Congress should - as the should have before Obama stepped over his redline and did his unconstitutional executive order
No we must not
No Ship them home! Americans First!!!
So you think a piece of paper makes you more American than they are?
Yes! Have so many kids that want jobs and I can't hire without ss#'s. smart, wonderful kids that want to work.
Is it too early to start saying to myself "President Harris"?
WE must follow the laws set forth by the Constitution and stop playing touchy feely games with our liberty.  RT if you agree.
Comprehensive Immigration Reform Sen. Harris. Time is right.
We should save DACA but there's only 800k Dreamers whereas 22,000,000 people are going to lose health insurance #DemPriorities
Congress has always stopped it, right? The balls in their court again.
How do you want me to show I disagree?
I agree with you 100%. #Dreamers
You are a superstar. So glad you're in the Senate. I'll support you when you run for national office. You and Joe Biden.
No
Instead,do your job&stop begging for retweets to make you feel accomplished.Congress went from doing nothing to do nothing + social media. 
Do YOUR job and get congress to work together to move our country forward.  Enough with the rabble rousing and finger pointing already.
#Fku
Yes, you must! So why did you spend time criticizing the end of DACA, a temporary fix, when it is Congress's job in the first place? 
@RenaSofer just put in a provision dreamers never get to vote until they go home and come back the right way
No, DACA is nothing more than unconstitutional hypocrisy Illegal. Article I, Section 8, Clause I DO NOT AGREE as many DO NOT no taxpayer $$$
Focus on tax reform and repeal of Obamacare. Your citizens not illegals. You know, those people you're elected to take care of
. Aka "we need those votes". You don't have give a damn about the DREAMers. Hypocrite.
Yes... you must
Your a dream called a nightmare.
NOT!!!
YES
How about a dream where you have common sense?
Yes
Don't tweet. Get your colleagues to pass legislation
Why? Because you operate on feelings rather than laws?
Uh no #dreamact how about sending back n come right way all u teach is sins of parents r forgiven #bullshit
And along comes the #nextwave
First, I am Marie American.   Next, we had no choice.  So I believe that if they want to come into this country, we should allow them.
Sorry should say Native

Must? Or what?
Nope. We absolutely should not pass it. Period. These people are illegal immigrants
let's go sign some online petitions. yeah!
The DREAM act needs to include certain children of legal immigrants who have no path also. Republican supported RAC act includes E2 visa!
No we must not. It was a temporary measure enacted by your messiah Obama. TEMPORARY
It was never passed the 1st time, that's the problem!  Amnesty for 800000 is what we need really and now!
Then get yo ACTION busy!!! Kamala!!!
Create an office to process their APPS for citizenship - priority #3 behind married spouses and active duty US military.
Why? MUST we allow the children of Bernie Madoff to keep the $65B he stole? Is that fair to those impacted by his fraud?
We are breaking up poor Bernie's family by sending him to prison. That's not fair to his family, they did nothing wrong.
@SenKamalaHarris - can you get it done?
Are you ready to back a coup d´etat??????? Stop dreaming! There´s a gangster running our country!!!!!!!
Why?
Apparently you don't stand for America's constitution.  Shame.
Thank you, Senator Harris!  Regards from NYC..
I dream of a day people like you are no longer in power. All you want to do is tear this country down and lift up people who break laws. SMH
It seems like many people who are citizens get all their information from TV commercials
True. Not likely to contribute as much to our country as the better educated DACA young people.
#NoDACA #NoAmnesty
Agree, but what are the chances? Congress has failed to pass it since it was first introduced 16 years ago. 
What part of ILLEGAL don't you get?
Actions speak louder than words.  Do something!
Nope #EndDACANow #ComeHereLegal
Dreamers take job opportunities from those af-am's that want them
Definitely not!
Na
We need to get rid of communist racist dishonest politicians.  Talking to you Beatrice Arnold.
Nope. Not rewarding those who have blatantly broken our laws.
How about passing tax reform and oBamacare repeal/replace to help your legal constituents rather than people who come here illegally?
My "dream act" is that MY kids can go to school that is not full of illegals not speaking Eng, That MY city is not overrun w/ illegals
My neighbor has a huge guest house he doesn't use maybe ill just take it over.
Amnesty again for Illegal aliens can only be permitted if it includes funding for the wall & defund sanctuary cities. Unless u r Open Border
I don't like you.
