@SenKamalaHarris @SenFeinstein Medicaid is important for our family. Please help save Medicaid. #nocutsnocaps #SaveMedicaid 
@SenFeinstein THREAD 5/5 ALL Americans will see their greed & character, & that the wrong people represent US in Congress!
Did you fight for Californians when you decided to ignore the evidence in this case?
I truly wished Texas would have human beings as senators, we're stuck with @tedcruz and @JohnCornyn and they don't give a hoot about ppl

A picture is worth a 1000 soulless words... #AHCA 
I have two adult sons with autism whose lives would be devastated by passage of the Senate Bill. Please do everything you can for them.
We know you will Senator. 
This is what the Dems.do 2 the misinformed,they want 2 keep U there & if U R low income they will feed off of U,like VULTURES,buying VOTES.
Precious boy 
@SenFeinstein  THREAD 4/5 disgraceful & inhumane ACHA bill is, then they should KNOW the ramifications of gutting Medicaid.
My nephew has Angelman's&gets much needed services thru Medicaid. TY to all Senators fighting for him&all children impacted.
I'm cryin wow
@DawnNeufeld I Can't front .. thanks for all the love .:) #rp aka #mj .:)
@SenFeinstein THREAD 1/5   As a parent of a disabled son,I am sad & disgusted that the Senate version of this bill will rob
Did you see this, Senator Harris?  Not only viable and will cover everyone, but will SAVE $$!
There will be jobs in the single payer industry.  I still remember the days when I used a telex--then came the fax!
And then came email, and then iPhones to communicate the same info, but much easier!
This makes me wanna 
Great...and at the same time, cut the annual $66 billion in Medicaid fraud
LIAR.
Too bad you won't fight for the human rights of secular Muslims, women, and homosexuals.
Dems caved on the nuclear option so they could get bi-partisan sanctions on russia! is that the fight youre talkin abt.?
@SenFeinstein THREAD 2/5 those MOST IN NEED, ruin many family's lives, and potentially even kill innocent, needy people!
@SenFeinstein THREAD 3/5  If @GOP believe they can vote "yes" with good conscience & sleep at night KNOWING how tragic,mean
You want to know why healthcare goes up try having ababy when your genitals removed,women with their skulls bashed or survive honor killing
I have a bridge 2 sell U.Check out the abuse hearing with 2 Muslim females,that survived under Sharia law,watch Harris lack of compassion
God bless you, madam
Thank you so much for representing the State of California!!
Ms Harris, I needed your help when you were in California, but unfortunately it never came.I still need help, please respond.
Thanks
@ChrisMurphyCT You’ve talked a good game. Truly. Now it’s time to show your quality.
The HC bill is proof Republicans believe in Social Darwinism and craft policies meant to leave out the less fortunate and under represented
Thank you Kamala! 
Sure you will, after you pay Mad Max to support you
Sen Kamala Harris  thank you so much for fighting us the people who you
As a senior, who will soon need a nursing home, I can't afford it if this health care bill passes. I will then be on government assistance.
Don't you dare stand down. Please. Please.
2. Truly baffling that we r only advanced nation on Earth that allows corp 2 make $$$ from our shared human vulnerabilities. It's insane.
We're all with you, Ellen. So very reassuring to have a Senator whose actions demonstrate belief in the oath of office. You rock, Sen Harris
What about mine?  My neighbors' families?  #DeathBill #Deathcare
#KamalaHarris2020 We believe in u Kamala n R so grateful 4U! I'm a disabled single-parent n cannot afford 2lose my ACA healthcare!ThkU!
I have never felt so ashamed to be an American. To think we have elected such monsters to represent us.. They're our worst enemy.
They can't get away with this.
You are the best!
It's very demeaning to hav a Prez that doesn't care bout the citizens. Ask any Russian or North Korean or any other psycho leader
The Constituent Ellen Haws of both Sen.Dianne Feinstein and your Sen.Kamala Harris ; has a severely disabled child, that I  STRONGLY urge...
for the continued fight against The Trump-Republican Health Care Plan proposal that will cut millions of dollars from Medicaid; Thank You!
Thank you, Senator.
Please stop with the heart-string pulling by throwing little kids in our faces and telling us the GOP is killing them - Give me a break.
You're a cruel person. It's not the child's fault he has problems. Get a heart
@ellen_haws  President Trump will not let you down. Democrats will LIE just to get votes. Do not believe them. Ask @SenKamalaHarris how (con
much she paid Maxine Waters to help her get elected. President Trump will work for ALL AMERICANS. The Democrats won't !!
Believe con artist 45? No thanks.
KEEP UP THE HEAT AND GOOD WORK!!!??
PLEASE IS MEDICAL SAME THING?
MediCal? Yes, it's under the same umbrella.
I have called Senators...emailed..tweeted   What else can we do??
Time machine
We believe in you Senator!
Thanks @SenKamalaHarris. We parents of special needs kids need the support as our children will never be able to vote for themselves!
You have my prayers
Thank you, the Republicans make us feel worthless
There are so many families like this. Please please fight for them all.

