If you want to keep your Doctor...
Dems voices are muted by thier lies.
When Obamacare started my insulin cost $4.95 a month my cost now almost $400 thanks Dems
That isn't the Dems, that's the Drug Companies, & a Congress that hasn't done anything about holding down what Drug Companies charge.
Whatever.. Dems own this .
We the people know who did this.
As we know who owns the disaster that is Trumpcare. Come back in a year & tell us how it's going.
Oh please! Obamacare had to be passed before we knew what was in it "polowsi"
We knew exactly what was in it. There was open debate in congress and 160 amendments to the original bill. Unlike any GOP version.
please you know it was that is not true . now if you are serious and want a true debate don't lie. there was no debate no hearings nothing
Wonder how he’ll answer the fury when his supporters find themselves w/out their ACA wh/they don’t realize is one & the same as Obamacare.
10 million people did not lose their health care under the ACA that is a FAKE NEWS Lie from Fox! Watch something different and get educated
Your comment is pretty much verbatim to what Fox has spit out.
Sending you peace and hugs!
Subsidies are Unconstitutional. Medicare has been decimated for Medicaid for illegals. Nothing has destabilized HC more than Obamacare.
Subsidies pay for insurance for people who can't afford to buy it. It's paid for by Insurance Companies, who agreed to this in the ACA.
If the ACA was failing on its own it wouldn’t require an executive order or any defunding.
ACA was doing fine until Trump started dismantling it. There are things that need to be fixed, Republicans could do nothing but repeal.
The govt needs OUT of HEALTHCARE, PERIOD! That's what voters who won the election voted for!
If you’re referring to Trumpanzees, they lost by 3M votes. HRC won by more than Gore 2000, Carter ‘76,Nixon ‘68, JFK ‘60. #USHistory101
were you ever on ObamaCare? I was . Expensive insurance is not healthcare
#KamalaBomaye!!!!!!!!
Kamala I've not seen you ask your ppl in fact I hear your ppl complaining they have no say , and your ppl dont want a sanctuary state
American people voted for a President who would unravel and repeal the imploding ACA. Don't you get it, Senator?
RETwEET / SHARE : At age 29, she was sleeping w/ a 60 yr old man to make it to the top in politics!    #WillieBrown #NoBluePillThen @cnn
Share.. Maybe there should be investigation with Old Man #WilliamBrown sexual conduct with @SenKamalaHarris back when she was 29! @california @FoxNews @TMZ #SexActsToMoveUp
Don't tell us what we need. We will tell you what we need.
well, u can thank Obama for that
#ObamaCare, as a step towards #SinglePayer, (#Democrats real goal) isn’t either. That’s one reason why we elected #Trump and not #Hillary.
U elected a bankrupted businessman.... congrats
Net worth of over $10B is hardly bankrupt. Sorry troll. How much you got? Go back to mommy’s basement.
45/pence & the GOP republicons I declare & decree that NO weapons u formed against the ppl of this country shall prosper or be successful!!!
Then get off your ass and do something.  Most worthless #Corrupt congress we are sick of your lies. #HowMuchDoYouGetPaidForObamaCare?
Damn woman, why didn’t you tell @NancyPelosi and Obama that in 2009? A little too late to admit it now. They have already done the damage.
I'm already paying 1/3 of my monthly income for crap health insurance. Can we come up with a solution or are you all a bunch of embeciles?
You do realize Kampala is not the problem.  Your president destroyed inexpensive healthcare today.  He did that.
Lol. He's not my president. Hillary is my president. Thank you.
ACA is already unstable....
That would be stupidity of democrat voters.
@amandablount2 Or just move to universal healthcare. Like the rest of the civilised world.

The American people were saying that in 2010 when you guys did just that
Obamacare needs to go. That's what I want
I love when politicians reveal how stupid and out of touch they are.
I love it when an out of touch lying communist Californian tells me what i want. Her election votes need to be investigated.
Ah. But THIS horror could very well lead to his undoing! The Base will scream in treble!
"Democratic" progressives Commies like you lack in history, knowledge & info. You peddle lies, race bait & abet thugs & deviants. #nothanks
Your guy.
Free Markets & Competition are what Americans want!
You won't be able to buy insurance in a free market. Insurance companies will charge you an arm and a leg. I've seen it in the past.
Their already doing that & collecting Taxpayer Bailouts
No, keeping our doctor and our insurance is what we want and need.
Tired of the old Dem playbook.
I want it
And you are in a position to tell us what we need I'm sure. I'm sorry lady but you are as qualified as blind man driving a race car.
There isn't any such market, since medical care has been collectivized by Obama, just as Soviet agriculture was collectivized by Stalin.
Obama built that....
No Odummy did that. 65 million Americans voted to do away with the shakedown called the unAffordable noCare Act.
 such foolishness!
Too bad you can no longer speak with my friend who had cancer. ACA graciously, and EXPEDIENTLY dropped her upon learning of her illness.
I really wanted Rand Paul as president but our president Trump has truly impressed me bigtime
if OUR PRESIDENT TRUMP keep up the great job he will definitely have my vote in 2020.
God bless OUR PRESIDENT TRUMP AND MY GOD BLESSING AMERICA.
Healthcare was destabilized under Obama. I went from $250/month premium to $500 w higher deductable/copay & worse coverage.
you need to cut down on smoken that crack pipe because it's making you delusional. I support Trump
Your made-up disingenuous scenarios are not what the people need either
Yea thanks for quadrupling my premiums!!
IT’S CALLED FIXING BROKEN HEALTHCARE THAT DEMS FORCED THROUGH.  Americans gave #trump the White House to END OBAMACARE!
Are you kidding? The government has always been the problem in higher insurance and prescription costs. The state where both dems & reps of each state have influence, costs get better. U join Hi-liar-y as a political prostitute!
And yet that is exactly what Obama did.
No, we want health care that the middle class can afford. Few health care providers are left and cost out of control.
Your dead wrong! Get out of the health insurance business! Get your grubby hands out of our pockets! We know how to spend our own money!
IT MAY NOT BE WHAT YOU DEMS WANT.. BUT ITS WHAT THE AMERICAN PEOPLE NEED WHETHER YOU THINK SO OR NOT !!!
I agree. Exec orders signed by the POTUS are shameful & will hurt Americans. He must now own healthcare in our country.
The Ds need to show leadership. The POTUS will work with anyone. He just wants a win...grab the opportunity to do the right thing
Please don’t tell us what we want.

- what American People WANT is POTUS that follows Constitution - not Obama rip of $7B of taxpayer $$ to fund ACA illegally.
half the american people want the gov out of health insurance. no constitutional authority
WeThePeople not from the socialist states of CA,NY,MD,RI,CT,MA,IL prefer far less big govt interference in our lives;especially healthcare
Yeah I know,,Obama should NEVER have done that,,,and now DT is FIXING IT..Thank God we have an AMERICAN in office again.;)
I didn't ask for my healthcare to go up 700 a month thanks to Democrats.  Should have kept your hands out of healthcare.
#NOFREELUNCH  #IDIOTS
Cheap political points are the speciality of the Democraps !

Such as this one by you !

By the way, do u have photos of you and Weinstein ?
You should look up the word destabilizing because it doesn't mean what you think it means.

Obamacare is prohibition 

You should study up on the effects of prohibition
.  Idiot.
Then why didn't you explain that to Obama when he came up with the unconstitutional disaster in the first place?
But then again... I understand your still trying to figure out the basic functions of government
We wanted to keep our dr. , have lower premiums keep our plan. My state of AZ is a mess due to Dems O-Care. You can’t pin this on @POTUS
what a fool Kamala Harris is dodo head
Why does your expression in every photo resemble a puppy who was just scolded?
I think if offensive statues can be torn down then I would like to say that you are offensive to ME!
Better concentrate on fixing ur party!
Certainly you’re not this stupid!!!!  
@SenKamalaHarris
They need cheaper premiums, that’s what it’s about
"Political points" Kamala says. As she struggles to look past her own stunning hypocrisy.
Speaking of "cheap" they don't make them any 'cheaper' than you. No thanks to race-baiting 
and socialism. Already had eight years of that.
You haven’t a clue what the American people need or want.
@SenKamalaHarris #Obamacare destabilized the monthly cost of my family’s healthcare, something this American citizen didn’t want or need.
Obama lied, lied & LIED as Gruber laughed at our gullibility. OBAMA LIED TO ALL OF US! Cheap fer sher!
WHERE'S MY $2500/yr?
That's why we elected President Trump. So he could fix the terrible things Obama and you liberals did. You have no clue what Americans need.
What healthcare market are you talking about that anyone can afford? Why isnt your family on O care
None of you people know what the American people need!

step away from the fraud BS.  You will ruin your chances for POTUS if you stick to the old man.
It's what we got though. Now it's up to the Dems to tell us how you'll fix it. Telling us you're NOT HIM won't be enough.
You obviously have no understanding of how much the ACA destroyed before Trump came along.
You should zip it up and stop spewing lies
How would you know? With your cheap attempts to score points, you have cheapened yourself to "Skank" level. Like the bottom
Theatrics. OCare is on life support and you Dems knew to be a failed plan. Pelosi "pass it b4 reading it"  Remember?
Obama destabilized the healthcare industry with illegal payments to insurance companies after destroying Ins. Marketplace.
Like everything else Obama 'acomplished' it was the destabilizing influence, now Trump is trying to fix it. Moronic liberal
Congress & senate need to do their jobs and remove this unfit incompetent traitor/moron from office now. Enough with the talk do it NOE
Oh please. You have healthcare. Obamacare is not. Lets work together to come up with real healthcare.
People didn't want Obamacare either except you hand out liberals wanting us to pay for you losers.
What the American people want is the get the government out of our lives. Stay out of health insurance.
@KamalaHarris take your meds you wacko. ..


Self-awareness level == nil
You Do Know Your Pushing FOR the same.. MAKING A BUSINESS OUT OF HEALTHCARE ..GOP+DEMS= $same thing!! Profit over Ppl.
Trump and his cronies do not care about the American worker, unless that worker made significant campaign or inauguration donations.  He's driven by the demands of wealthy donors. Boeing. Self serving tax credits. Where is White House visitor's log? Hidden. like his tax returns.
#ImpeachTrumpPence
#followmeplease
#resist
#HR2HR
The election is over. She lost.
I know, right... Too bad the Democrats Are pushing 4business as usual..profiting! NOT #MedicareForAll ..What the American ppl really want!
This is a joke Congress and the Senate need to step up and stop this nonsense
Tamalie Harriass needs to buy a clue. TFLPOS obama-care is "health care" in name only. Tamalie Harriass, go away.
You know quite a bit about trying to score political points don't you.  No moral courage.
I smell your fear. #MAGA
I hope you mean it when you write things like that and stay on the progressive course. If you do, your future looks really bright.
It is incredibly cruel and inhuman, but, that is the POTUS
That's what your great god ovomit did.
What are we doing to stop him, @SenKamalaHarris? What action are we taking?
you don't know what American people want.
You Sound like the REAL #Fascist #Obama who Merged our Government with Corporations #Fascism #AntiWhite #ObstructionOfJustice #AntiAmerican
#MurdererInChief
#MurdererInChief
#MurdererInChief
#MurdererInChief
#MurdererInChief
#MurdererInChief
#MurdererInChief
@potus
You referring to Obama and his drone killings of US citizens? Or his record as only Pres to be at War all 8 yrs?
Trump is the #GOP Frankenstein's monster.  They created him and now they need to destroy him.  #ImpeachTrumpNow 
Congress must pass a bill to stabilize the Healthcare market; work around this cheap-shot & destructive executive order.
"We have to pass the bill so we can find out what is in it".....Destabilization at its finest!
And yet your fellow Democrats passed 0bamacare anyway...
And Chris another thing POTUS cabinet jet setting around the world has spent almost that amount of money already check yourself young man.
Not to worry Chris you wont have a doctor at all for low income elderly people need our assistance that’s what Americans. What’s the R playn
I never u dersrood how in America they could make you pay for health insurance or fine you
Trump is Destroying Health care legislation @RWPUSA @CREWcrew Lawfirm @ASlavitt
And whats that got to do with anything???? Last thing Trump is caring about. Maybe if he would join the Human Race we'd have a chance.
You're not very bright, are you?
Probably don't want to be insulting someone when you aren't capable of communicating like a civilized adult. Use your words or stop @ me 
Sadly you are not smart enough to understand.  Sorry that you think that.
No need to be sorry, I don't think too much about the ramblings of a troll. Have a good day & Happy Holidays 
Blame yourself and others like you for Hillarys loss.
Co-sponsoring single payer just to score cheap political points and then backing off isn't what the American people need either.
Will you swiftly address the sexual harrassment and pedophilia in the entertainment industry in California?  Asking for a nation.
Is this tweet from eight years ago?
It may be just the ticket for unregulated hedge fund owners - guys like Kushner and Mercer who profit when Trump delivers a downer.
Only about 6 years too late
#ACASabotage #aca #Trumpcare #Impeach #Resist #TheResistance  #TrumpIsAMoron #TrumpIsUnfit #trumpisamurderer #Obamacare #healthcare
What he is doing is part of what he was elected for, so you don't speak for the American people.
https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/10/14/us/affordable-care-act-enrollment.html?smid=tw-share&mtrref=undefined&gwh=225A433DDEB4E6304CCC145F9C776B44&gwt=pay …
.@SenKamalaHarris would be a much better President than .@realDonaldTrump
Sen, I appreciate your words..but what can we DO?!My T1D daughter will die! Tweets are nice but how do we stop this? What ACTION do we take?
Then DO SOMETHING!!!! Words mean NOTHING!!!!!
He drags us into his vortex of hate for Obama.
People who applaud this are like frogs in a pot of cold water on the stove. They're happy now, but they'll soon realize how f*cked they are.
I agree, but this is literally what Obama did.
See you soon in Sonoma. Our town is in fire.
You LIE... Trump tells the truth!
#ImpeachTrumpPence
#followmeplease
#resist
#HR2HR
We gave Republicans the House, Senate and Presidency for that very thing.
He's not scoring points. He's trying to stay alive. He is hating. He is treading water with 25% of angry people who always exists.
That's what Obamacare accomplished.
His goal is to tear down his predecessor rather than to help the people who voted him into office.
Well, it’s a start.
We need government out of healthcare. Let insurance cross state lines. Term limits.
It's now officially#TrumpCare  #25thAmendmentNow
Three cancelled healthcare plans later (because of Ocare), couldn't agree with you more.
Hey Harris, did you pay extra for that stupidity masters degree or did you steal it. Where do these idiots come from?
Trump is such a disappointing failure and petty af.
What is so Tragic is that so few senators speak out about the behavior of this president and his faux agenda on both sides
NO ONE IS DOING ANYTHING TO STOP HIM. DEMS WHAT THE HELL R U ELECTED OFFICIALS DOING 2 STOP THIS MAD MAN... WHAT!!????
Trump tears down market & accuses ObamaCare of failing, exactly how crooks work.
It is reckless disregard of life threatening situations. It cld lead to massive protests by those who need more than cake & paper towels,
The funny thing is, who is he scoring the points with?  No one wins with this!
What we want and need, is for the government to quit wasting our tax dollars.
Obamacare is a bust. Move on or get out of the way.
Are you kidding? My college kids premiums went from $67 per month to $289 per month and now they tell me the policy will be canceled in 2018
We'd like you to be our speaker at the WOMENS Convention In Detroit and not Bernie Sanders. 
How bout that for starters.
Is this a liars anonymous convention?
Take your snark and smoke it.
BUHBYE, BUH bye, buh bye.
please, please stop him.
It's not only about political points; it's also about holding health care hostage to fund stupid wall!!
Wait 'til all his ignorant #MAGA followers get hit with a whopping premium increase (-subsidy). THAT should wake 'em all right up!!!
They won't necessarily make the connection. The #TrumpLies machine will blame it on Obama. #45 is building a fact-free base immune to truth.
True. And very, very sad...
Yeah socialism is the answer  
They need a leader. Not a political panderer. Your socialist healthcare plan sucked. Go away.
Where was this comment back in 2010?
So, destabilizing the healthcare market for cheap political points is ONLY okay when Democrats did it?

Sorry, not buying that.
Try again?
This probably plays well with the people who pay nothing for healthcare. Otherwise, it's nothing more than idiot level rhetoric.
but it is what an enemy would want, like let's say RUSSIA!!!!!!
BUT SOMEONE GETS AWAY WITH IT DONT THEY????
#trump are
#trumpcare
Then why did the #Dems start #Obummercare in the first place. Destabilization is what happened.
And Trump's catering to only 30% or less of the US population with this cheap shot that hurts far more people & families than he realizes!!
He is doing EXACTLY what we need and voted for! GET A CLUE!
Destiny is being written! Get back in an fight or lose it!
Go take a cold shower!
Focus on regulating HEALTHCARE & drug COSTS because INSURANCE companies AND PATIENTS CANNOT AFFORD IT. Focus on the correct problem
If your state only has one insurance company like OK you want ACA gone. It's also forcing great doctors out of business.
Yes, Obamacare
if you want your doctor you can keep him, EVERY AMERICAN will get $2,500.00 a year, shall I go on about the lies
Wrong. The 63 million good Americans love it!! And all our children do as well!!
… Is what every conservative said for 8 years, but the Dems did it anyway.  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Unless and until the American People rise up & by people I mean the politicians that are so afraid of this monstrosity that was elected
President, he will continue to destroy our country, stop talking about it and DO SOMETHING
The political equivalent of borrowing 100 bucks from a loan shark to buy booze. You WILL pay dearly tomorrow.
So U want 2 keep violating law as courts ruled. U have a law degree, no? @HomeOfUncleSam @APLMom @Robeno @SereDoc @ScotsFyre @theloftusparty
Senator Harris: No political point is cheap. That is your mistake. Were it so, no politician will spend a dime trying to score them.
Nobody believes your cheap political points except your accomplices
Are you talking about Obama's lies about his plan?
But what can we, as @Democrats, do? What's our plan? Let's come forward with concrete ways to improve the #ACA and present it to the people.
…and yet, that's exactly what you Dems foisted on us. #IfYouLikeYourDoctor #IfYouLikeYourPlan #2500AverageSavings
No, that's Obama's doing. It's called lying 2 bring the middle class to poverty level. U wouldn't understand. Nancy said it was complicated.
You are so in denial...what do you think Ocare did?  You are weird.
But they DID want someone who was not a politician, wanted someone to run the country like a business. Trump is making money...for himself.
The American people want lower deductibles and premiums! Why are you exempt from ACA? I demand Congress on same plan as American People
So fix its flaws.  All you have to  do is pass a law to do that. Didn't they Const. basics in law school?
You have to vote for it to find out what's in it. Talk about destabilizing.
