What do you think the VA is? Look how well that govt run healthcare is. Why wouldn't we all want THAT!? Wake up people
Ok let us know how much we will all have to pay. You know this isn't feasible. Yet, you throw it out there. Sad
So eager to spend so much of other people's money.
Shes Totally reading a script.. who buys into this medicare for all crap? Yeah, lets bankrupt the country even more so to pay for so-so care
How are you going to pay for? You have no understanding of economics. Ethical or not is irrelevant when others have to pay for it. #stealing
Some of the money can be diverted from that frigging wall. That's what the orange headed fool should be thinking about. If he thinks at all.
There's actually no money allotted for the wall right now? So how about we take money from the illegal aliens collecting welfare instead?
How do you pay for it?

And yet people still come to U.S. for top of the line healthcare. Why is that do u suppose?
It is because you are lazy and want to make America lazier not great again @SenKamalaHarris. Do we all get Part A, B & D through UHC?
Anything government gets involved with they screw it up and cost only go up. Obama care was suppose to fix it but we know how that worked
That is one persons Opinion!  I would choose it for disabled and old; but I refuse to to give Medicare to healthy young people that can work
In 1970s my father paid a mortgage on our farm, owned a mew truck, put food on the table, paid the bills and paid for both med and dental...
The difference between then and now is government interference
Not only the right thing to do but best way to minimize potential epidemics that coulld harm everyone, including the greedy Rich.
Medicare is a joke I'm on it.  She didn't  talk about the Rx donuthole where you have to pay 5k to get out of.  This broad is lost
Yawn
Thank you!!
Don't  thank her. She is just pandering for votes. She still serves her corporate masters.
What corporate sponsors?  She's going against the big insurance companies!
She's promising to.  It could be genuine, or there could be something going on behind the scenes.  Skepticism is warrented for now.
Promise in one hand and shit in the other and tell me which one fills up first.
Don't get me wrong.  I think she's up to something.  That said, we shouldn't alienate her until we know for sure what her game is.
They alienated us first. They want my vote earn it now or kick rocks. I could be fishing.
Lol lol lol lol lol lol ! Your in support of communism that's your thing
I don't trust her.
The question is, is it constitutional? No. Try reading it sometime. Your emotions don't supersede our laws.
Rt on
We have been waiting 9 years for Enhanced Medicare for All. We must punish healthcare gougers with taxes.


Bull!  It would just mean TOTAL government control, and you KNOW it!
Can you please run for President in 2020?!!
The "right thing to do" is to trap American's in a gov't-run program with ongoing funding problems?
Funny how we only started having funding problems after Congress started cutting taxes on the wealthy and corporations.
Funny how the actuarial assumptions were obsolete decades ago. Also, Medicare has its own tax structure. Gov't ALWAYS wants more $$$.
Is that why they keep giving tax cuts and creating offshore tax havens?  Calling BS on your actuarial accusations as well.  #PartisanStooge
The offshore tax havens are for the same reasons that CA Democrats gave their Hollywood donors & cronies $330M/year in corporate welfare.
But medicare for all isn't medical for all. 
I keep hearing it's moral and ethical, but it's going to hurt ACA
LOL. It annihilates ACA and covers EVERYONE. Good riddance.
You're confusing single payer medicare with single payer healthcare. The two have zero to do with each other, as Sanders proposed it.
Yeah I don't understand what you are saying. Medicare for All and Single Payer seem pretty clear to me.
Have you read anything on it. This will cover people over 65. This isn't medicare for all Americans. This is the misconception.
Read anything about what? Yeah I have worked in and followed health industry for 20 years. Why don't you tell me what you mean?
I thought I did. Don't have time for this. If politicians and the man who dreamed it, can't answer it, you won't be able to
Bernie's bill lowers the Medicare age from 65 to 0 over a 4 year period. Good luck.
She does that, she loses 70% of the party. Ain't a gonna happen.
Thank u!! Total party divider. 's not ready! I mean,C'mon! Take the damn win, fix ACA & focus on UNITING DEMS for some 2018/2020 wins!!
That's what they said about Civil Rights and integration.  Too bad!  It's time to drag this country forward into the light yet again.
Dude, of course I believe in this ideal!! Yet, we will never be in the real position to put this into action w/o more DEMS IN OFFICE!
And we still have to deal with Schumer and Pelosi.  Anything worth doing is rarely easy.
So UR dealing w/BERNIE & THE GODDAMN RUSSIANS. 
FIX OBAMACARE~!~
Yes, fix the 30 y/o plan that basically funnels money into for-profit insurance companies.  Costs will just keep going up.
Not if U can C beyond UR own nose. SET LIMITS~! Our COUNTRY is based on for-Profit concept. Many jobs would go if eliminate Ins. Co.'s Da
K-12 education, police & fire protection, local, state, & national parts....  Somethings shouldn't be driven by a profit motive.
And now every insurance company CEO will pay half their multimillion dollar salary to label her a communist to the rubes.
Hell yeah Kamala! This is how you get #Unity
So proud she is our Senator!!
She wants illegal aliens taken care of also. She's way left and socialist.
This admin and GOP have no morals.
So do the Libs have any laws ?
Coincidentally, that is also why I'm already supporting you as the 2020 Democratic candidate for president.
Good luck with that.
How about YOU go on Medicare, Kamela. You wait in line for for care. You have little or no choice of your Dr. and have govt make decisions.
We have been saying the same things since Hillary tried to pass it years ago, hope it works this time.
Bernie is posturing! This will never come up for a vote. Are you going to just LET them pass Graham/Cassidy & leave US uninsured??
@POW_Vote Time to get the for-profit middle men (insurance companies) out of healthcare.
It's the wrong thing to do
Then why not support the movement to make Medicare like the Canadian model..?
Bc we have millions more than live in Canada. That's the problem....too many people here. Difficult, but not impossible to cover everyone
Sorry Kamala it's stupid litmus test that's going to screw Dem Party when GOP on ropes @SenSanders tearing @DNC apart w/his impractical idea
Where in the constitution does it say this is the responsibility of the federal government? You can keep your BS Medicare for all.
Exactly the last thing our Country needed, another fool in WA. Your track record sealing your fate.
Sucked for CA&NOW upped stupidity
#BernieSanders :
In 1987,Bernie Sanders said if everyone was on medicaid it'd bankrupt the US. Now he's fighting for single payer?#ChildCare4All @seanhannity 
Amen
Sounds like a parent's logic.  "Because I said so."  Other people's money!


Word of advice. Hire all the regular insurance employees that will loose their jobs. Not the CEOs. Just the 9 to 5 workers.
It's time!
Having kids isn't a good reason to get benefits! A widower w/small children I would help for a while. I heard a 17yr say I'll just get preg.
Crazy narrative. Majority of health providers refuse Obamacare. Gov't clinics provide terrible healthcare and our filled w/the incompetent
Totally false narrative.  Another talking point.  We all know how disastrous gov't healthcare is.  Ie. Vet hospitals/obamacare
Best of all, end all the scams of medicare! Out country will get a great boost to GDP one people wake up and realize is so simple, it works
There are lots of models out there in other countries that have well working systems of universal healthcare which could be adapted for US
Don't pick Canada
That's great coming from someone who doesn't pay for their own healthcare. I'm sick of the middle class footing the bill for liberal ideas.
So is not taking corporate cash. If you need them, you're doing something wrong.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=SZ14-JipXwo …
Only a politician could look at a 20 trillion dollar debt and be like "we need more government."
Thank you for supporting this Kamala!
It's just the right thing to do
It's the stupid thing to do. Instead of the patient being a consumer, the patient becomes a nuisance.
Thank you! I am sick &tired of the majority GOP's paralysis over 8 1/2 yrs to do the rt thing, thkg of themselves, unlike DEMS votg for ACA
Who gets to pay this bill?
No
Thank you, Senator!
Paid for by a 60% tax on the middle class.
For years our taxes pay for the welfare system but our medicare payments are different. Paid for by our hard work. S.S.  Mine not sharing
Will you marry me?
Please move to Austin and be our Senator!  You are so spot on with what you support.
amen
Yea!!!
Ok Great if you can pay for it without raising Taxes then go for it. You can start with all the money going overseas and the bad OB deals.
No!!!!!
#kamala2020 #PresidentKamala
I seriously doubt that you will.
Will you give up your senate healthcare plan and join in on your Medicare for all?????
How do you expect to pay for it? People are taxed to death.
and you are enjoying it right now, after all, so yeah, why shouldn't we have it too.
Sounds like a dem explanation.   No facts, just jibberish
So for the vast majority of your career when you didn't support it, was it the right thing to do then too?  Pandering horseshit.
Note: SHOULD BE a right.

Healthcare isn't a right. We can change that, but it currently is not.
@dougiepen 

Just another part of the slippery slope slide to becoming Venezuela.
Go for it USA! You need to get rid of that idiot in charge 1st.
are you passing out the pixie dust to pay for this

Please run for President.
I have worked for Dr's for over 25 years and never understood how a life is worth a profit & Sat in on meetings how to raise a pt's bill 
SENATOR
THANK YOU! 
THIS IS THE AMERICAN WAY: TO DO THE RIGHT THING.
We should get this done and put issue to bed once & for all!
You are ridiculous! You can't even run the VA!! You think I want government running my healthcare.
It's about time. Thank you. 

Don't backtrack, the Internet never forgets false promises.
#ImpeachTrumpANDPenceNow #NeverthelessShePersisted #GuantanamoforTrump #EVIL  @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski  @nytimes @WSJ
Liberalism is a mental disorder
I am ready to go single payer. Too long watching fees out of control in context to quality of care/life. We CAN do this.
The time has come today...
Would you believe this if you weren't running in 2020?
In a free society "the right thing must be chosen not demanded" that said universal healthcare  is a necessary evil like our military
Americans need understand that we must be able to defend ourselves against all threats including biological
True.  But when has "what's right" been a criteria in America?  America's current criteria:  "What generates capital for corporations?"
I'm all for HEALTHCARE for all, trying to achieve that via horrible, wasteful broken base of Medicare is silly.  Good tweet, bad policy work
Make that Free Medicare For All and you will go in the history books as a heroine
Northern California proud ...
If you think it is the right thing, you have not looked at all the facts and consequences of giving so much power to the fed gov. #wakeup
Sure...as long as Congress has to use the same health care system they foist off onto Americans.
Healthcare for all as optional yes, but mandatory via fine or levy absolutely not
Please tell me how someone else's labor can be a right.
Maybe if Medicare was effective.. However with that long long....long list of its not covered, what is the point of saying medical coverage
Medicare is a human right not a privilege.
What happens when the nation's credit rating is downgraded, and Congress can no longer put our future generations in debt to pay for now?
Good, don't let Bernie out flank you.
I'm going 2 talk as a DemoRAT now."This ego slut is crazy. Can't wait 4 her closet 2 be opened. Cluttered like M.Waters, HRC and more."
Let's start with our veterans ... or, will "Medicare for All" be administered in the same inept way as current veteran healthcare?
The reason you support it is because you know that if you don't people won't vote for you. Us @justicedems only trust our people.
The voters have spoken, and they don't want what you're selling!!
Now will she get the same that everyone else gets too!?
Yep!
Thank you Kamala and God Bless 
That's why drs. Are leaving their practices and starting concierge offices. They don't deal wit Medicare.
...as long as she is exempt from it.
Doesn't work, never will. I wouldn't say Medicare is much of a model to follow.
Medicare for All...does this mean senators will have the same insurance as we the people???

#MedicareForAll  #ThanksBernie for fighting for us while the Dem establishment was fighting you.
I'm so happy,that I don't live in California.
What's wrong with healthcare now? Government.

Democrats: what we really need is more government. Under a trump presidency.
Most hospitals do not cover the cost of treating Medicare patients.   How can hospitals survive without adequate reimbursement?
You already passed the bill. The logical use your brain part of it stopped you. As in there's no way in hell you can pay for it 
Let the people who believe it's "the right thing to do" be the ones to contribute to supporting others. Shouldn't have to force a good idea
She knows this bill has no chance of passing, why didn't Kamala support California's single payer bill with a dem super majority?
You can support it but wasting time when Dems have no control. So why? Fix ACA.
Show a way to pay for it.

It's not feasible without huge tax increases. Good luck with that.
Good message but the typo distracts. No one caught this?! Really?! You need to hire a perfectionist for your team!
Quit trying to make our country a Socialist country! That's why Canadians come here for treatment. It doesn't work!!!
KAMALA FOR POTUS 2020
It is the right thing. That's not the language that's going to convince Trump voters however
You need a team of new blood Dems dear! The relics aren't good enough or young enough for this fight! Better get out to rural America.
It's not complicated.
How do we pay for it? CBA scores? Need these facts.
For? Certainly not American taxpayers footing the bill. Maybe for your illegal alien voters...
#RunKamalaRun2020
What is it going to cost and how do we pay for it?
Why should be medical support only for the rich? Advanced societies take care of ALL their members, not pay for bombs!
More proof that leftists don't understand economics which is exactly why the last Potus doubled the national debt
EVERY EUROPEAN NATION has such health care. America is the only one that doesn't. WE THE PEOPLE MUST CHANGE THAT!
#Socialist #Commie #Libturd #Loser
No, it will continue obamas goal of totally bankrupting this country. Even if the gov't. taxes 100% of your income we go broke.
Who's paying for it?
You go Kamala for president
You misspelled supporting wrong on the video.
No, it's the end result of what Obamacare is designed to do.
The system needs to be improved. They need to make sure that they pay the bills and not telling facilities too bad. You won't get paid.
I hope what we end up with won't require the supplemental policies you need now with Medicare. Why can't everything just be covered?
Have a knee replacement in Canada and see how long you have to wait for surgery
And because it's a system we have in place already for some Americans!  Nothing new.
Free food for all sounds good too....but it’s not the Governments responsibility and its unaffordable
Thank you.
Not the right thing to do at all
After you virtue signal for votes explain how you intend to pay for this unless you raise taxes sky high. This is disingenuous even for you!
.There is no way in hell I want the Gov making my healthcare decisions! They can't even control the country's budget!
.Since when is ruining our country financially "the right thing to do"? Hello...does Greece come to mind?!
1 more communist fool. How many times did we hear OBUMMER say its the right thing to do?
Light my way Kamala..
Its because you are Communist. Thats it.
Yep....
Can we also address the overpriced healthcare? Hospitals overcharge for their services. So do doctors.
& since it has no chance of passing, you have nothing to lose
While we are at it how about government for all by getting rid of -gerrymandering, money in politics (legalized bribery, voter suppression.
And to go back to 1957, before health care companies were allowed to be FOR PROFIT.  Thats the reason we pay more for less.
was prosecuting Mnunich when he robbed people of their homes the right thing to do?  I'm a need more than this to get on board with you.
Get on it. Save lives now. #SinglePayerNow .
Let's talk about:

#FlatEarth
#GeoEngineering
#falseflagterrorism
#911InsideJob
#FiatMoney
#NewWorldOrder
#LIES
Then we can debate GOV MEDS?
It sounds like you would like more options covered under your plan, such as wholistic treatments? I support that.
No I want GOV out of my life completely. They want us sick for profits!

I don't need a plan of their making at all
Their plan is KILLING us

Then do what WE did to get it... WORK 40 - 50 years and PAY into it! #DoNotStealMedicare 
@TheDemocrats @SenateGOP @SenateDems #MAGA #TCOT
How intelligent is it to plead for a GOV to control HealthCare
That LIES to US
Experimented on US
Poisons US DAILY
AND thinks we are CATTLE?
As an Aussie I promise you'll dig it!
Thank You for standing up for us. Your awesome 
The reason I became a serial killer is really quite simple - it was the right thing to do.
DO NOT SUPPORT SOCIALIST HEALTHCARE!
I am FORCED into it and put up with RULES that do not apply to me.

Healthcare is DEMOCIDE not Healing!
Have you ever been forced to live with the worry of illness b/c you didn't have healthcare? I have- I don't want to go back there.
Lived and thrived without MEDICARE using private pay,
until forced to take"SSD"!
Been on both sides of it &
GOV doesn't need to do it for US
Ms. Harris is looking rather presidential I'd say.
@3DTruth Absolutely America richest country in world & it spends billions on wars. Spend some of it on universal healthcare
Kamala, you give me hope, and lordy lordy lordy...we all need THAT. Thank you  #MedicareForAll #Medicare4All #kamalaharris2020
Kamala Harris is all about the facts the truth....#nobullshit 2020 perfect vision President Kamala Harris I am with her
I love how calm, cool, collected & kicking ass she is all at the same time. I'm sure she's got to be nervous, but her demeanor is powerful.
She is a strong woman, that is for sure!  And that makes her a threat to many.  I am with Kamala!
She seems cool.  I like that she was the first to back Bernie's plan. Go leftward, young Kamala! 
right... 
and to fund it we're going to.... fly everyone to s america as part of the treatment??
Medicare from wha
thank you great Senator
for helping US
Aaaaannnndddd who will pay for this?
