Gratefulness does not say a soldier knows his future.  An elite solder expects to win, and will if he has the full help of his president.
Please run for the presidency! You would be an extraordinary leader. We need someone with the drive and moral guidance you could show the US
@realDonaldTrump is directly responsible for their deaths. GOP is trying to come up with a story to help him weasel out of responsibility!


And you  OWE  America an  apology  for politicizing the deaths of our heros !
Yet you will not support a tax break 4 citizens in CA suffering at the hands of democrat at the hands of democrat politicians. Go away
He disgraced his son while white-washing the orange baboon. His wife should leave him.
Yes. Not a competition on who gave the best sympathy call. There is nothing but gratefulness to all who serve in our military.
Who's reporting Mueller trashed FBI on AQ so 911 ate world, so no concerts, HOS?  Hef died at 91 re Route 91.  Report on bronze star Bob.
Hola. Mi. Reina bella.  My. Love como te  fue hoy día   siempre en. ConfianA.  En  varias. Sesiones. En el  congreso. Love
We need to say “Full Stop” to only ONE person...  And he is still tweeting lies and insults about it.  This is heartbreaking
I think Gold Star families deserve a President Kamala Harris. Back to reality, common sense, and leadership.
lmao #neverkamala
Hahah yeah man it’s sooo funny that our president insults gold star families. Thanks for that by the way. Trash for trash

#Breaking:#FredericaWilson Caught On Video Saying:They Know What They Signed Up 4 On Fallen Agents.Apologize#Trump! 
Not Full Stop until YOU scold Congresswoman Wilson for taking @POTUS comments completely out of context & politicizing tragedy
The president seems to disagree & General Kelly seems to support him on this while also being a gold star family member. Troubling
I really wish those families could grieve in peace. This is hard enough without the politicization.
Senator. It's Senator Harris.
And Kelly did exact opposite of that today

So, you'll be offering your condemnation of the characterization of Gold Star father @GenJohnFKelly in this manner?
Indeed.
Trump HAS TO STOP BADGERING THESE GOLD STAR FAMS. SEEMS HE DISRESPECTS NONWHITE GOLD STAR. Y MR TRUMP? The BLOOD SHED RAN JUST AS RED!
Tu   que haces   descansas   escrobeme u. . . quierob escuchar  algo .bonito. De.parte   tuya   tus sentimientimos..
Gold Star families include Gen Kelly, please ask @RepWilson to show respect to his family.
THESE YOUNG MEN AND WOMEN FOUGHT SO THAT 45 COULD MAKE ALL HIS MONEY BY WHATEVER MEANS SHAME ON HIM
and politicians should fully stop using fallen soldiers and their stories for their own personal political gain.
It's a Trump distraction to piss us off. Trump is avoiding answering anything on the fallen in Niger.
And how do you thank us Senator? All you’ve ever done is divide our country by obstruction. Hypocrite.
Isn’t it PAST time to stop this and let grieving families know we support them and that we’re grateful for their unimaginable sacrifice?
It's good to know we have someone in the White House that understands the thanks we owe them.
We owe them respect & dignity
Only heavy pain can motivate the stubborn/ignorant (GOP) to develop value for human beings. Be courageous,---pain will come for them.
Agree!  The path of this bickering is disgraceful.
@NP_Geek you are blocked.
Too many hate replies.  Get a life. Trump won.

We owe them so much more than thanks.
Thank you from the bottom of my heart for your extreme sacrifice .
Gen. Kelly calling the widow Johnson and her family liars. No words
If you've lost a loved one while in the military, you've earned our respect and the right to speak your mind.
yes we do and that's why congress put sanctions on Russia for attacking us and will go after anyone who attacks US. Trump. date sanctions
So you will not say anything negative about Gen Kelly?
Why didn't you people show the same level of care when Obama was in office? I'm a Disabled Veteran, btw.
Every vet deserves our thanks. God bless everyone.
Way to politicize their tragedy...just like that fraud Rep. Wilson
Why was it so hard for the president to say that. Express heartfelt sympathy for their loss and America is grateful for their service. Amen
When you are president, I'm sure you will restore the honors they deserve
@JenneBroughton 
Wholeheartedly agree -but sadly- someone needs to explain this to Trump.
preach
Agreed but do not tolerate the cycle trump regime is using to reset reality by using authoritarian tactics.
Thank you.
@SenKamalaHarris agreed. Leave these families to their grief. Give them peace
Period end of story especially when most of us don't serve.
#StopArmingTerrorists?
So what will YOU give as payment to these families? Ya know, "full stop"...
As trump continues his pattern of dishonor & hyperbole, we are reminded of the 22 Veteran suicides per day in this country! We can do better
A grateful nation starts with a grateful president! #trumpmustgo ,,,,and not go golfing!
I agree, and we owe them and the military people the political will to avoid wars and military misadventures #givepeaceachance
@SenKamalaHarris what's going on with the imposed of the Russian Sancation.
makes me ill that this needed to be stated.
Absolutely, thank you Gold Star Families and service member that served.
You owe Gold Star families a lot more!!! They should be provided for, for life, in lieu of their sacrifice to your country. Do better!

So NOW u care about soldiers while you spit on our flag??  That's rich
Thank you for showing us how a president should tweet #kamala2020
Thank you,Senator Harris. Yes Indeed
Remove him
We are a country that is feeding off disrespect of others and that needs to end. We must respect others and treat them with dignity.
Investigate Niger!
Funny it only applies to some for you. Didn’t hear crap out of you for the victims of Benghazi.
Actually we owe Gold Star families more than a thank you IMHO.
How hard is that to say?
But not the vets. You’ve done nothing about the VA. Matter of fact, you don’t even mention it
Lol
No KH,More needs2B SAID&More needs2B said"MORE"Often&heres why:"yesterday is Hist,Tomorrow is a Mystery,t/only time we have left is,#RATNOW"
And our shared sorrow. They must KNOW we share their grief & will be here FOR them going forward.
We owe them a respectful commander in chief, one that values their lives also.
And shouldn’t get into twitter wars with them. FFS!!!
How much have you donated?
Stop glorifying war...full stop.
Any politician publicly denouncing a Gold Star Family needs to sit in the corner with a dunce cap... on the 6 o’clock news
##ozkor_ALAH

https://www.slideshare.net/mobile/dritonN/towards-understanding-islampps …

@eDialogueC @eDialogueCenter @NewMuslimsHail @atheistfriend0 @islamicicdxb
Trump should never be allowed to say another word to any of them.
Why aren’t you calling for an investigation into the deaths of 4 servicemen?  What happened that no one wants to tell us?
Exactly. We. Demand. Answers.
Thanks, respect, and support.  Completely lacking in our current potus.
Hola. Mi. Reina.  Muy. Love  te   vi .conmigo.  Las. Sesiones   agotadoras .siempre. Cuenta. Conmigo  llámame.
Thank you.  The service and sacrifice of our loved ones is far beyond mere politics.
Then put $$ and effort into vets opposed to illegals!
***HYPOCRITE***
https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/elections/shakeup-democratic-national-committee-longtime-officials-ousted-n812126 … #STAY #STRONG 
In 1981, my dad, WWII POW,  interred in Arlington. “Please accept this from a grateful Nation” Flag prsntd 2 Mom. Most poignant words.
http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/politics/monica-lewinsky-tweets-cryptic-message-11369979 … #YEAH 
Yes 11:26am just now your tweet notification, the same,TRUTH, ☻
2/2  @SenKamalaHarris , Your notification as I tweeted previous text to you,11:26am TRUTH☻
3/3 @SenKamalaHarris, spotted (placed) you again being seated in rear of Senate Chamber, Black & White (outfit) more CALIFORNIA
4/4  11:53am @SenKamalaHarris, you just now exited Senate Chamber after my previous tweet  walking by @SenFeinstein, I Know TRUTH, (Her)☻
1:02pm. @SenKamalaHarris,  Afternoon Tax Reform Voting; Sen. Mark Warner of VIRGINIA, now,TRUTH
1:15pm @SenKamalaHarris,  yourself  this afternoon just now entered voted (aye) YES and exited right out. I hope you had a GOOD (lunch) ☻
You Dems decimated our military under Omoron quit exploiting our fallen soldiers for your political bullshit !
Yep. Soldiers and vets love our President for that. The know the truth.
Anyone who insults a Gold Star family, or supports someone who does, cannot say they love our military.
And yet somehow they can be our Commander & Chief. #WTF
Anyone who insults a Gold Star family, or supports someone who does, cannot say they love our military.
Too bad the Orange Reprobate didn’t get that memo, guessthat too is a staff problem.
Period. 

Full  Stop   
 
Trump disrespects President Obama, Generals, POWs, gold star parents, and a gold star Widow. He doesn't know what he signed up for, doesn't care, and is unable to be president of the United States. #GetHimGone #ThursdayThoughts
#Benghazi
No doubt about it. No arguing who did what when (and lying).. just needs to be handled now.
Bizarre that this needs to even be said.  And specifically to Republicans, who used to at least pretend to be the party of patriots.
They also used to say they were the party of personal responsibility. Can't claim that mantle any more, either.
We owe it to Gold Star families to #RemoveTrumpNow. Full stop.
We owe Gold Star families the thanks of a grateful nation. Full stop.
When @Potus orders people to their death via military service & doesn't give a shit about consequences, there's only 1 solution.

#Impeach
Ummm it's a volunteer force not a draft Einstein....
Yep. End statement.
Tell that to the current administration.
