Up the medicare deductions from paychecks, combine w Medicaid to create universal healthcare
Pls read. Excellent article on the healthcare system in America. It explains single-payer & universal healthcare +&-
Where's the fight for single payer? Obamacare is a piece of crap.
Pls read. ACA is the way to single-payer. Complicated & we must understand why so few countries have single-payer
Most of Europe has single payer is not that complicated.
Are you sure about that?
Yes I'm sure of that. Most first world developed countries have single payer. If they can do it then America can too.
That's not true. I sent you 2 articles on this, if you'd care to read them.
Well that's your opinion I guess I can't change that.
Not my opinion. Read this thread.
https://twitter.com/charles_gaba/status/879836344599674880 …
Yup. We must keep fighting against you and for single payer because healthcare is a responsibility of a civilized nation.
Pls read. ACA is the way to single-payer. Complicated & we must understand why so few countries have single-payer
i dont need a primer.i AM a healthcare provider. the ACA is better than the AHCA but its still shitty.
If you cared to read it you might learn something. This is not about hateful sound bytes.
I wanted you to see this video released by the NRA that discusses the #Resistance Senator Harris https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1605896562755373&id=665345483483486&refsrc=http%3A%2F%2Ft.co%2FeYohikF7ee&_rdr …
Shame on them
It's a hatchet job that's for sure. I saw no violence at women's march , none at science march and none at the Pride Parade
Single payer please.
Please stop this. SP is a separate fight. Devoting thoughts and resources to that takes them away from saving our HC.
You can fight for more than one thing at once.
True, but it spreads out the limited resources we have for the battle. Save ACA, win seats, win WH.
If dems aren't going to even talk about single payer until they've got the 08 majorities again then they're just never going to fight for it
The only thing they ever seem to do is fight doomed rearguard battles as we lose one program after another
Don't disagree, but aspirational politics is bound to fail. It failed badly in 2016.
"Vote for the status quo because the other guys is evil" literally put trump in the white house
I am so glad we have people of character in our government like Kamala Harris. They are the future of democracy.
#HarrisForPresident
http://tinyurl.com/mr2rx3h   Remember when Palin but Giffords in a bulls eye b/c she voted for ACA. @TPM @dailykos @AP @RedState
http://tinyurl.com/l6zlo7j  Unbelieveable- Palin actually bragged about killing a child. Remember the bullseye used to target--. Tant bad"
Awesome.
I'm sorry I wasn't in Washington last night - what a great idea!
Thank you
It may not have crossed your mind Senator, but you have the caliber to be our next President.
You pay them with Biglycoins  .
you have my vote for Prez..
Holler if u need a Jazz trio
Thank you. 
We have a conservative Congress (both houses) a conservative SCOTUS, a con man President. That's what we are right now, ACA or not.
That must've been awesome!#KamalaHarris - thank you for your leadership & your passion for our state & our country!
Currently visiting friends in Belgium, learning about how healthcare is understood as a human right. Let's reclaim that right for all of us!
Really? How 'bout a little pee pee from Russian hookers.
@sherrilee7 the level of obstruction and inequality practice by the GOP should be considered a crime!
Repubs have no answers. But healthcare Needs reformed so all are covered. Gov subsidies for insur should go to universal care.
UNIVERSAL COVERAGE FOR ALL AMERICANS...even Cult45.
Pls read. Excellent article on the healthcare system in America. It explains single-payer & universal healthcare +&-
There would have to be a complete overhaul. It would be complicated. I don't care. #UniversalOrBust

The color red use to mean  #Commies , we are not a country of just #Reds if you think so then you're in the wrong country!
If you really care about the citizens of this country than every single one of us should have healthcare. #SinglePayerNow
Pls read. ACA is the way to single-payer. Complicated & we must understand why so few countries have single-payer
Kamala for president!!!! Please!
Thank You for all that you do. #HoldinTheirFeetToTheFire
CA is proud. Keep going.
Just A reminder
A TRUE AMERICAN PATRIOT WITH JUSTICE AND COMPASSION FOR ALL???
As a country, we are America. Started voting for all Americans instead of failed liberal policies. ACA is a disaster.
So sorry you have to deal with all the #GOPnonsense on our behalf Kamala. My hope is that it's not at the cost of your sanity! #isthisreal?
I expect you to run for Pres in a few years. You'd be good at it.
You and Joe K III......seriously....think about it.
my fear is that Mitch McConnell will sneak this in the same way Paul Ryan did Congress!
Thought you meant a human chain. Ya know. Hand in hand side to side. Not marching
POTUS 2020
Beautiful picture of you made more beautiful by what you're doing. Thank you.
STRONGER TOGETHER!!!
Yes. Yes, it will. Keep leading Senator, we will follow!
LOVE YOU!!!!  You are fabulous!
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris for being a beacon of leadership and fighting for America. You are inspiring.
I'm increasingly convinced you might be our first female president!
Thank you for your service. I'm glad you represent me!
Please be careful.
Thank you Kamala! 
What are your suggestions Kamala? Other than identity politics
Much love! May the entire event be protected as Angels stand guard!
Nate the conversation should be health insurance vs health care.
Just smiling there like: "what's going on here?"
thanks for being there. I am calling senators, they ask,where am I from: I say Kamala...folo a real leader!
Kamala I sent you a message asking what to do with Capital phone number.  Many of your followers are wondering who we should ask for and say
Sen KH, great you are out there. Trump is fund raising for another 4 years. If he's not impeached, we can't allow another 4.  #UBReady
We need to get the people that are possessed on their phones to look up and join us! There are people that don't know and/or don't believe.
Keep calling. It's starting to sound like Dean Heller is about to cave and vote yes.
Thank you Senator.
We love you Kamala
okay ...justice system is a mess also..
We're quite loving you out here, Ms. @KamalaHarris You are one class act.
Amen
You did great Senator Harris!

WARREN/ HARRIS 2020
President Harris!
Congress should have the same care as we do, not "special" HC, that way we can all have same options,why you don't have Obamacare? Bc sucks!
I heard you loud and clear-take your hands off our health care- need a road trip with all of you speakers in repeat performance
Love you Kamala Harris
Thank you
You're doing a great job Senator thank you! I wish I still lived in DC so I could be there.
Kamala: Photo op? I'm there!
Had to get your likes off of 666
wish my state had a good and decent Senator like you.  #TheResistance
Thank you!
Parasite convention
If I lived in your district I'd vote for you
Thank you for standing up for the American people. Your patriotism is ardent and admirable.

Thank you!
Time to take care of our vets Kamala! Don't you think?? Do you even care for them?!!
End the Obamacare nightmare!Obamacare is paying for millions of illegals healthcare and physicians are not being paid. MDs are retiring! 
I would be so honored to stand in that crowd next to you @SenKamalaHarris Maybe star struck is a more accurate term

we're good people, with a bad president and majority in govt. they will subjugate us.
Jam on you!!!!!
Get the young people involved. This is for them.
You're a star, Miss. keep fighting the good fight.
Thank you to everyone there from Iowa!!
