How bout "Return our elections to OUR people. Once your illegal voters are gone, game over.
One man, one vote!
We have the electoral college for a reason read the founding documents to figure it out
1/ The electoral college served its purpose when white landowners were the only voters. And the Country was vast and sparsely populated.
Still serves it's purpose by not allowing only leftist states 2 push votes.If Dems use illegals&dead people 2 vote now,imagine no electoral
Seriously? You do realize Reagan and Nixon were from California & the Bushes were from Texas. All GOP.
Look just the fact that U have a poor eagle wearing a pink knitted hat makes me understand your DemLib logic, oh wait that's not logic.
Your name @CubanLady4Trump tells me everything I need to know about you.
#RenewJonesActWaiver
Since we live in a Republic & not a democracy, the Electoral college is essential When will u adult toddlers stop crying over the election ?
Kamala enemies: Flag, Anthem, Woman, Men, Whites, Blacks, Education, Free Speech, 2nd Amendment, Trump, All Trump Supporters, Middle Class..
... Liberty, Patriotism, Energy, Christians, Jews, Catholics, Republicans, Human Fetuses, Starlets, Gid, the Unborn! #Streep #maga #trump
^^^ God
#ConventonOfTheStates
All votes should carry equal weight and it shouldn't matter where you live!
Your corrupt colleagues?? CA legislature is corrupt. Thats why the employyes are even blogging about it. Investigations are being started
How many Americans died when you sung like a bird to the VC?
Our HERO is at it again!  Thank you, @SenJohnMcCain
.

You would as your state allows illegals criminals

 and the dead to vote
Kamala colleagues: Harvey Weinstein, Podesta, Woody Allen, Epstein, Weiner, Polanski, Clinton & AntiFa! #boycottNFL #columbusDay #Streep
Birds of a feather flock together
It's a step in the right direction, but the people won't have control until we have proportional representation.
Or at least some form of single-transferrable vote. And dump party primaries, like CA has done. 
#GiveMeBackMyCountry
Yes. Noone should control elections except those running for re-election.
Why is McCain the voice of reason in Congress all of a sudden?!
Because he is these days !!!
Says the woman fighting for the right for illegal aliens to live and vote here LOL
@SenKamalaHarris you couldn't have put it better! It is an attack on our country and Trump has yet to do anything but hide.
It is hard to believe that after all this great American hero has done in his life, that his greatest moments may be yet to come!
As she silently runs a program to ensure Democratic victories throughout the country.
'God' is with you "John McCain" KEEP up the good work you will be just fine 
Yes, it is time that we put an end to gerrymandering, once and for all!
Returning your money you received from the pervert Weinstein?  Of course not.  You have "ethics".
You would.  mccain is a Democrat Who takes money from
YOUR FRIENDS
the CFR-CIABushClintonObama   Mafia!
...right...?
Let us use this as a stepping stone to unite America!
McCain is a RINO/Soros pawn
Somebody else's brain ALWAYS has to hurt, for DDD and RINO going around.  McCain will die, Menendez will resign, so you go out and play.

The best way to restore power to the people is to eliminate the electoral College.

An anonymous interrogator claimed, 'To me, disability is a government employment classification, and I stand behind it one hundred percent."

An anonymous interrogator claimed, "If he gets a job, 25% of America's money will go to Russia, which will then take over planet Earth."

An interrogator: "We have him in an air chamber. We don't really hand out the same stuff. We research how we might succeed at that."

Anonymous interrogators might be trying to invent "Infinite Rapport," an Alice-in-Wonderland way to talk to anybody, even without empathy.
We need to get rid of Citizens United, the electoral college, closed primaries and superdelegates.    #CountryOverParty  One person-one vote
If that means the Supreme Court repeals its decision in Citizens United, I am onboard!
Must be close to "one man, one vote" and prevent politicians from choosing their electorate by these artificial divisions.
I could not agree with you more
So you want to abolish the Electoral College? In that case, only campaigning in CA, NY, FL, and TX would matter.
This would not work. The POTUS is supposed to represent ALL of the US, not just 4 of the 50. THe EC gives ALL Americans a voice.
McCain is delusional, that's not surprising to say the least.
@SCOTUS we are counting on you for this.
Thank goodness we have u!
if gerrymandering continues  Russians will rule us, their money our people. Our failure as the greatest nation in the world.
Really? So it will be easier for states to limit citizen access to the polls?!
We all know why you would want this, there are a ton of illegal democrat voters in California.
The reason Republicans won this time was because you democrats kept screwing up every year under obama, and people were fed up.
Please McCain is a closet Democrat anyway, so he would support anything democrat.
Thank you Senator McCain
True patriot McCain even facing death again he battles for America true definition of hero thanks John
What is  going to do after the Maverick's passing?
So tell em to argue against Citizens United, which even you won't do. Neolibs
Sen. McCain is is a level-headed, honorable man. He does what's right for the country, not for a party.
I'm one of those 63 million peoples who vitrd for Trump. You and McCain are "despicable".
Democracy is when ppl pick Congress, not when Congress picks its people... end Gerrymandering now!!!
Agreed.  All elections should be paid 100% by the government with pre-established budget or candidate or office.
I wonder sometimes if America has invited Russian attacks, by the cruel way it treats it's own voters.
Thoughts are sweet but ACTIONSSpeak Far Louder Than Empty Words
@neiltyson Why isn’t there an algorithm to draw nonpartisan voting districts? Is this really science fiction?
The Electoral College must be abolished. One person:one vote! I am angry about being disenfranchised. The EC is no longer appropriate today
McCain has to go out a hero.  He did great damage by choosing Palin...
Yes!
Of course.  "Birds of a feather . . . " you know.
That's what I like about him he stands for what is right no matter what side of the aisle.
Another reason to thank McCain Truly an honorable man
Please tell Justice Kennedy.
While you’re at it, get rid of the Electoral College. It makes no sense.
mccain-feingold campaign finance reform bill was such a big step. then citizen's united happened and...wld love 2 see congress address this
What will it take to get rid of the electoral college and simple have an election where one vote equals one vote? #votersdeservebetter
It would be a great start for America to remove all gerrymandering. Then if politicians that try to do it still,instant removal  from office
Well well did you sleep with him too??
Good try, but gerrymandering played a huge role in the Democrats controlling Congress from 1964  to 1994.
Thank you
Love it that @SenJohnMcCain is being a #Maverick for the people,not #Donors! #DemForce
End gerrymandering and Citizens United.
Different subject but Trump's sabotage of #ACA must be stopped. He is breaking the law and anyone who doesn't fight this is complicit.
And he does it w/ ACA budget!
Don't agree with his politics for the most part, but McCain, even with his dire prognosis is fighting for democracy- thank you
Start with repealing 17th Amendment. Then maybe the standard for what's in the senate will improve that above dog catcher.
Elections are the way they have always been. Do NOT change our constitution!
They are not going to have a say in this the people are taking back control of this nation fucktrump
Just imagine a congressional map where districts are created to best represent the people. What a shot in the arm that would be to voters!
It could just be my morning coffee, but I swear this story just sparked a feeling of optimism in me. Go Senator Harris!
M A G A...vote out CRAZY California Democrats and #Rinos, like traitor @SenJohnMcCain!
Does the Weinstein thing make you think maybe Citizens-United gives too much power to wealthy donors like Trump, the Koch's and ALEC?
I'm glad some are standing up for what is right.
PLUS got to be so careful Trump family do not vote in more that ONE State, with ONE vote next time!!!!
Finally, someone making sense. Thank you. The electoral college has failed us for the last time. Next elections will not be stolen from us.
This could bring politics back towards the center instead of the fringes like now, bc politicians would have to get votes from both sides.
Yes please.

Oopsie I hear you took  $$$ from #HarveyWeinstein no 2020 for U!! Lmbo
Yes! Also end citizens united thanks
Mr. McCain once again you prove your the original maverick GOP is mad you but your helping the people who can’t help them self. Thanks again
It's too bad there isn't some kind of congress of lawmakers that could make a new, clarifying law to amend the current process and rules.
Why should a country of 50 states be ruled by a couple of control freak nanny states like a California and New York?

The people spoke, get over the fact that Hillary lost and move on
You John McCain and Elizabeth Warren are the worst senators in our nation well one of them
No w if the DNC kills super delegate, closed primaries & caucuses we can have democratically held elections & primaries.
Well somethings not rite when u win 40% of vote and take 65% of districts. Was always taught 2 have a level playing field. Not 2 crazy huh..
No more gerrymandering or Citizens United!!
We also need campaign finance reform and elimination of lobbyists.
It's time to #EndCitizensUnited
Say, speaking of return, how about doing like Chuck Schumer and returning #HarveyWeinstein's donations?
Go john
McCain is a blowhard trying to keep his name in the news. Gerrymanding has gone on forever. Dem are just as bad as rep. Depends who in charg
Riiiight, like this is gonna happen..You people will just find another way to rig elections.
Sad part is I always thought it was like what happened?
When are you returning the money Weinstein gave you? You are a hypocrite and not to be trusted!
When are u returning the sexual #predator #HarveyWeinstein's pol $$ donation to you? Ur one of 4 who haven't yet!
And a WOMAN!
#KamalaHarris
Kamala harris supports harvey weinstein, a man who sexually harrassed women in hollywood to give them roles/parts
Be careful for what you wish for. It may make elections fair in California. It could backfire on you. Lets work on voter fraud!!!
No chance with Gorsuch.
McCain was a traitor during his military service and a traitor to his party so I can see why you'd agree with him, birds of a feather!!!
How am I a traitor?
My vet Dad ’s this guy!!
Of course you both have the same donors
You mean like you democrats have done in California for years
@SpeakerRyan     Sane member of GOP....plz watch Ryan........
I'm thankful for every second @SenJohnMcCain finds the strength to show up for the people of America! Thank you, Senator. 
Strength does not fuel McCain, hate of america does.
Get over it, Trump and the PEOPLE won the election.
I want some explanation what this mean to me
And again Senator McCain proves his fairness and sensibility. Thank you Senator.
For once I agree with McCain.
Like @NancyPelosi it is time for @SenJohnMcCain to go
Make it happen, Miss H!
Are you sure? A lot of districts were created to secure minority representation.
Pleeeze!
Arizona was hacked& supressed so @gop would win. GOP wouldn’t ave won if not4cheating. #unhackthevote #letpeoplevote
#unhackthevote 
Arizona. Were up to 58,000 citizens in Maricopa County denied right to vote? http://www.azcentral.com/story/news/politics/elections/2017/05/02/maricopa-county-voter-registration-citizenship-adrian-fontes/308435001/ …
Unfortunately it's too little too late.
We’re just asking for democracy, SCOTUS—you don’t have to favor a party. In fact, please don’t.
Me: Patiently observes...
When @SenJohnMcCain gets a thing right, he gets it right.
It's oddly comforting that, when conservatives are forced to think about Legacy, they start behaving more like liberals
Also... Supreme Court Should decide based on law.
Need to support Trump's election Integrity commission.
4:03pm @SenKamalaHarris. Thank You, Acknowledging ,now on @FOXNEWS, @TheFive, TRUTH (Family)
4:07pm  2/2 @SenKamalaHarris,  @FOXNEWS, @TheFive, TRUTH,(Family)
We won't have any control until Citizens United is overturned.
Yup!
Omgosh PLEASE!!!!
@SenJohnMcCain is a good man. I respect him even if I don't agree with him on a lot of issues.
How about adding return women's reproductive and healthcare choices to women.
Which we have a better chance of if one party can't hijack extra seats. So much awful goes back to gerrymandering.
But, politics has crept in to our judicial system.This includes SCOTUS. And, look what NC did last night.
I agree absolutely!
Unfortunately the people don't have the supreme court either.
But I'm starting to like the new and improved John McCain.
That what a true American hero looks like!
Harris and McCain heroes? You think they do anything in support of of America? Both had destroyed the nation since taking office.
Let's stop calling it gerrymandering and call it what it really is.

#ElectionRigging

END OF STORY!
Or theivery... GOP are experts on how to soften their abrasive actions into something more palatable...
When Senators @SenKamalaHarris and @SenJohnMcCain wholeheartedly agree, there's not a damn person in this country who shouldn't be listening
Once in a while, I agree with Sen. McCain. This is one of those times. 

Thanks for speaking out on so many important issues, Sen. Harris!
Oh wow, I almost wanna cry. Thank you guys!!
Hell yes!
So do most of our citizens.
