The person who through hard working Americans off their health care plans was Obama/democrats!You own that poor public policy!
... believe & work towards, just that they should be involved working to shape the landscape.

The only thing I'm getting out of y'all.../5
I'm so proud to have voted for you 
...into propaganda ideology, fear or hate. The 'left' wants equality, fairness, basic human rights guaranteed to all. Why is this so bad?
Are you resurrecting the Symbionese Liberation Army & debuting as their new leader?
Nothing like fear mongering from @TheDemocrats & the "activists" mentioned r mostly unemployed 20somethings paid by Soros!#PJNET #MAGA #TCOT
...I'm sure they can handle thinking for themselves & forming their own opinions
C)they're adults now they should be contributing.../2
Thank you madam president.....day made 
Only thing she will be president of will be her fan club. She is one dim witted lawyer.
Lmao..which of his 3 houses will he make his announcement from? Actuaries say he'll be dead before 2020. And his wife is a future felon.
This is disgusting. This will only stoke the flames of groups like ANTIFA. These kids need to learn politics before becoming activists.
I think you are wrong. Antifa promotes violence. These young adults understand.  99% of the resistance are peaceful and promote no violence
So true, we need the younger generation to stand up for themselves w/regards to livable wages and healtcare or top 1% will take it all.
Lmao..how,old are you..ten? Take all your money? Hahaha
...Is that you're assuming the students will be supporting progressive issues. Is that b/c it's fact that those w/education don't buy.../6
You're about as BRIGHT AS THE LIGHT THAT SHINES FROM YOUR ASS!!!
YES! Please read this. Kamala Harris is one of the smartest Senators ever. She works for the best interest of Americans.
You make me sick.
What is wrong w/some of you? 
A) they're college students not children
B) they're intelligent enough to get accepted into college so.../1
Many words, but no description of what your America looks like other than not like @realDonaldTrump. Everyone agrees with that! Try harder.
President Kamala Harris has a nice ring to it!
I hope everyone can see through this deception. Anyone in SoCal ever been threatened by a Nazi? We have real problems this is a deflection.
This is the most egregious form of fake scare tactics I've ever seen. You are a complete liar! I've been in SoCal my whole life and no Nazis
WOW!
Make sure you are truly informed on issues & don't go running off half cocked.Don't follow Pied Pipers.They have their own agenda not yours.
How about encouraging students to think for themselves and listen twice as much as they talk?
Also, check out local voting laws. Some states make it very hard for students to vote.
Ur pathetic obvious u hate America. Go,be an activist in Iran,Venezuela,Cuba,Syria.if ur looking for some truly oppressed people.
11:58am CT. YES!  your tweet (notification) @SenKamalaHarris ,  now after @CSPAN  US House of Rep. , Watching FOXNEWS , until 12pm then @CNN
2/2 (Family) TRUTHFULLY) , This the Solemn Nativity of The Blessed Virgin Mary, @SenKamalaHarris ,  I Always  A Family Prayer
12:23pm.CT.  @CSPAN 2 EDUCATION POLICY, FORUM; Watching Now , @SenKamalaHarris, TRUTH
3:00pm @CNN cont'd coverage, @SenKamalaHarris
This is disgusting.
...their ideas & work to shape the country they want in the future for themselves & their children
D)no one told them what they should.../4

cc: @benshapiro Get a load of this!
She's running! Oh... and thanks for also telling them to open their ears to opinions different than their own. But you don't, so whatever.
I became an activist in college & next week we are meeting with Grant in your office!  Thank you for this message!  #acscan #cancerlobbyday
You should remind them to register & vote.
#speakup4Rohingya
#equifaxbreach will affect more people than #DACA & #Irma combined. WHY ARE YOU NOT FOCUSED ON THIS?U own stock in #Equifax?
What a bold and blatant call for social disruption and domestic violence.
Yeah also a time when a major party rigged a presidential election & then made up a phony foreign interference claim to cover their perfidy.
You are ridiculous.   Can't wait for your rhetoric on the presidential campaign
But only if they agree with you, right Senator?  There's no room for dissenting opinion on college campuses, right?  You're an embarrassment
And be sure to make Dean's List in a major that can actually be used in the real world. Employers don't like whiny losers. Thank you.
Those poor kids.
Wow, if you have any aspirations for higher office...you better start striking a different tone.  Are you a senator or 20yr old activist?
That such B.S. where was your catchy term in this statement. I don't a country that you want. We are less free with your agenda.
you are a fear mongering hypocrite..werent you once an AG ?
Yep. She was California's 32nd AG. The fact the she supports lawlessness, means she's unsuitable for any position of power.
Fear mongering, and promoting ANTIFA? Shame on you.
The movements of the past that you are trying to signal were organic student led actions not actions brought about by a wannabe slavedriver.
Thank you Kamala
Rally to support immigrant rights today at Cornell.
I personally support legal immigrants. However, I do not support illegal aliens.
@GabbyEdelbrock
#sedition
from the bottom of my sophmore heart, thank you.
I am a Native CA that has to seek HUD for retirement. U have been in ofc 0 yrs. Ur policies & rhetoric hurt us deeply. VOTER not impressed!!
This is proof the DEMs want to brainwash our kids using the educational institutions.
Despite the administration repeating that DACA people are not going to be deported, you keep spreading falsehoods. You're also inciting hate
#harrisforpresident
Inspiring
Can confirm the ones circled are Afro-Peruvians with make up on
Let the brainwashing commence
THIS is the most DESPICABLE piece of dividing PROPAGANDA i have read from you.& to children!. I should not b surprised by it.U R whats wrong
Antifa and violent leftist are something to be feared on campus now.  White supremacists and Nazis control virtually nothing in our society.
Children who were brought into the country illegally I might add, no one is going to throw out a legal citizen its illegals they want out
Wrong. College is about being open minded and discussing ideas
#RepublicanPoliticalToss: When will Trump be impeached? How far & high of a cliff will Republicans let Trump walk them up to throw them off?
and a time communist AntiFA fights with violence in attempts to overthrow the rule of law.
Thank you for your leadership as well, Senator.  We badly need intelligent compassionate and articulate voices in our government right now.
That was beautiful. Thank you @SenKamalaHarris!
And also... No drunkey rapey
Thank you for your inspiration and leadership. KAMALA 2020
Thank you , please don't let the Equifax issue to be drowned out by the Hurricane Coverage, they need to be held accountable
When will you disavow Antifa? These are not the kind of activists we need.
And you forgot Antifa as a threat. Dressed in black/covered faces/with weapons, beat down anyone they disagree with, suppressing free speach
Not like nazis white supremacist kkk who came armed to the teeth w/automatic weapons gg handguns shooting in2 the crowd running OVER ppl
This is a time to define who you are, align with those who share your core principles.  There is alot of money being spent against us.
They are in college for an education. Isn't that the priority? Not being an "activist".
Easy Kamala, our poor kids get enough brainwashing in school without your 2 cents.  Knock it off & get to work.  Thanks.
@SenKamalaHarris for President 2020. You make me feel better about the future of this beautiful nation, thank you for providing guidence
Her future is tyranny and control of your life.
That's what they want. Believing in a figure you can't see is crazy, but trusting greedy people of govt to dictate your life is A OK.
Kamala Harris for President in 2020!!
How are the students supposed to to be active. When they are too indulged in their career prospects, college fees.
Do you watch the news?  Students are among the most active, always have been.
To push for easier grading, so as to allow them more time to pursue change they can't grasp, as they no longer need to study to earn an A.
Well said.
But let's not get violent
But protect urselves. From those who are backed by money and will be a catalyst to violence to injure our cause as well our person.
What kind of country do you want us to be?
Where is the link to jobs?  We need them.
I was wondering when you would condemn Antifa....now you encourage them.  Stalin, Mao and Che would be proud of you.
Please tell me what part of her statement encourages Antifa.  This will be fun.
