The CBO will come back looking better on this one because it works on a 10yr window. Truth is that this bill is WORSE than the House bill
Cuts to Medicaid are DEEPER but because they are spaced further the CBO will look like 15M in 10 yr losing Healthcare instead of 28M in 20yr
We hv come to an all-time low in this country
They must've talked to @BetsyDeVosED she doesn't care for disabled children either.
It's the entire Administration, and many in GOP - Master, White, Wealthy race.
Brian, I am "white" Caucasian & I am insulted by ur remark. I am neither a racist nor rich. U need 2 check out Sen. Kamala Harris, u no clue
Madame: I didn't say all, I said many- and predominantly referring to politicians of - not followers.
Although you have to know a great number of White Supremacist have endorsed and rallied behind the GOP and are in rank and file.
WE ARE NOT A SOCIALIST SOCIETY! IF THAT'S WHAT YOU ADVOCATE, MOVE TO RUSSIA! I AM SURE THEY WILL APPRECIATE YOUR ATTITUDE! WE DON'T!
And Vets - don't forget the Vets
And the disabled
That would include me! Just one big pre-existing condition. I hear I'm supposed to take personal responsibility for my brain injury though 
Also maternity care for unmarried mothers. 
And they say they are the PRO-LIFE party
They are the Pro-fetus Party. They don't care about it once it is born.
But the fetus needs care to and if the mother doesn't have access to pre-natal care the child could be born very unhealthy.
But once born, no longer a fetus so unimportant to them.
If they were such pro fetus, prenatal care should be a priority. Fetuses die from maternal diseases like pre-eclampsia
I think the point is keeping women down. They don't actually care about health of either mother or baby.
Okla actually uses it's Welfare block grant money to run a dating service to find women HUSBANDS, so they can have "a decent!!family".
Right!
What "cutting Medicaid" really means: current spend INCREASES year over year -- just at a slower rate. Tell the truth to the voters!
Sad! We can't let this happen!
what's ur plan Senator? We r w U just need to know there is a plan
When you stop liing i will stop following you.
If Reps are truly concerned w/deficit, why r they cutting taxes by a trillion dollars?
Amazing to with all the protesting and stories how ACA saves lives GOP  still pushing to get rid of it. Pure evil
And for many seniors and youngers not in nursing care trying to survive with family support .  .   .
What "cutting Medicaid" means to the Modern GOP: More yachts, better champagne, a completely-tricked out Benz, Xmas cards from the Kochs

The GOP treating American people this way is heinous! #AHCA is cruel. May they all lose their Congressional seats. #ResistGreedOverPeople! 
May they all lose their tax-payer-funded health insurance -- the #ACA
You can't call that HEALTHCARE!!!!
Except Medicaid would not be cut. Just not expanded as CBO calls for. Senators should know this.
And for those with severe & chronic psychiatric disorders not yet on SSD & Medicare but needing stabilizing medications.
cutting Medicare means middle class families go from paying $2400/mo for longterm NH care to $8700/mo.
I meant Medicaid. Medicare doesn't even cover LT NH. Sorry.
.
@NikitaKitty It means GENOCIDE, Senator. Keep fighting the good fight, please!
GOP: You say that like it's a bad thing.
<snark>
Thank God for you Kamala showing strength to the GOP majority. So proud! We need you to stay strong & keep the faith.
Harris2020
Make Medicare-For-All the sole coverage for politicians. 
Watch the improvements and funding magically appear.
And a "quality of life" equivalent to a third world countries slums.
In the "richest, most Christian country in the WORLD!?? ¿"
Let's call it what it is a WealthCare Bill
Thank you, Sen. Harris, for saying this. Signed, a special educator constituent.
Think of all the elder care workers & nurses & lab techs & doctors who'll be unemployed under Trumpcare. What about jobs?
It just isn't American. Is this the time when they take things from Boomers..? Time to rally then, 2018 the House needs +++DEM
And folks on SSDI.
Dems need every leader on every network, newspaper, hell do rallies!  We need this msg stated loudly for every American to hear!
Gop party of non citizens and Christian
That's mighty neighborly of the #Republicans ! #goodchristians too!
All of this cutting and still no jobs.Carrier finally closing next month leaving 600 w/o jobs that Trump promised tgey cld keep.
Wrong! Stop the fear mongering -STATES should and will step up their coverages -shame on u -spend less time trying to make a name for yrrslf
Exactly! Thank you @SenKamalaHarris for standing up for our most vulnerable. Say no to the #ADCA #AmericanDeathCareAct
How's your buddy "mad Maxine"?
So sad you have to (implicitly) explain that caucasians are in the cross-hairs, too.
Yes. But should be *fewer resources, less support... (less = singular; fewer = plural.) We're losing so much. Please, let's save grammar.
You should think about 2020!
Did you see last word tonight with Ari sitting in? Ruth and Michael Phillips, riveting.
I'd be curious to know how many of those seniors voted for and still support Trump.
But to be fair now some wealthy people will have even more money than they could ever spend in a lifetime.
It also means mothers who fear possibly disabled children w/o Medicaid or prenatal/maternity care may rush for abortions.
I'm sorry you missed @AriMelber tonight on #LastWord . Please see if you can find & view it.
What this will really accomplish is mass death due to people not being able to afford health insurance.
Where does "Medicaid" appear in the Constitution? #tcot #tlot
All my support girl... 56yr old ironworker in SoCal
And adults with disabilities who count on M'caid for independence and ability to hold jobs, pay taxes, be contributing, whole citizens.
Many severely chronically mentally ill depend on Medicaid until they're old enough for Medicare - also offers extra help to cover gaps
This is heartless, what are they doing to compassion?
@KarenKYteacher It also means a lot of nurses out of work that currently work in nursing homes. That's not creating jobs.
Preach, Tim.  This is all so wrong.  We are taking owed care from these people.
They need to be taken out and shot God will give them their punishment that money can't fix
Also, more complications during birth, and greater mortality of women giving birth.
I'm starting  to see what the Republicans real agenda is. They want to clean house. What I mean by that is letting the poor and sick die.
We put you folks in office, do something about it. Dag!!!
They don't care. They're getting another big ass tax cut.
Plan is to phase out Medicaid altogether. Then Medicare & Social Security. What's behind what GOP is about now:
Fewer resources. But, other than that, I'm right there with you!
And adults with disabilities, that depend on it to stay alive.
@wiwa1953 the CBO says that 23 million Americans may lose insurance.  they don't mention the 70 mil who rely on Medicaid.
I'm one of those
many of us are.
Sigh.. I'm just flabbergasted that they would even consider doing this thing
they don't care about you or me or 99% of the country.  If you aren't super rich and white, you don't exist.
and if you don't exist, you don't need healthcare.  Simple.
Who isn't the deaths of all these people built into the healthcare?
Are they thinking if the old, poor, & disabled just die off, all will be good?!  WTF?!
Let us call it cruel beyond any reason. That man is destroying everything including our country ...what is congress going to do about it.
I'm one of the ones who'll be affected by that cut. Is this bill worthy of them risking the reelections next year? Are they this $ hungry?
Trump and his people are disgusting!
I need Medicaid! 
But ban abortion! What reality is this? 
And Home Health Aids, that allow disabled to remain in their homes.
Pulling out the wheelchair from all of them.
@SDIndivisible as a teacher I see the benefit of Medicaid in the lives of many of our families. This will be devastating.
Kamala, I love you, but it's "fewer" - mmkay? #GrammarPolice
Absolutely
Yes, bullshit!
Terrible
And less money for people that abuse system that don't need it ,just gets it.
It's very sad and so selfish.
Yes. And void of humanity
So are they going to also rewrite IDEA to say that kids with disabilities are no longer entitled to FAPE? God help our country!
Well my senator has chimed in.  So now we know, everything the Dems are saying is a lie.  If this woman's mouth is moving, she's lying
I will die rather than allow any for-profit health & senior care providers to encumber everything I worked for. All I have for my kids.
Tax cuts for the rich
Its not a cut to Medicaid...it's an #AlternativeDeduction. Who do they think theyre foolin with this nonsense? Its a cut, dangnabbit!!
Also the mentally challenged. My bro lived in a group home for yrs because of Medicaid subsidy. (Guess who his father voted 4)
Less support for adults with disabilities who need help to stay in homes, be in community, and work.
Less money for residency programs for students.
But the top $$ gets huge tax breaks bc they need em. This is disgusting.  What have we become?

#TheyWillBeReplaced
The GOP doesn't care about this group though, they're not the millionaire donor's that they court.
A big part of my son's autism intervention plan was OT & SLP working w/ him w/in the classroom at school. Can't replicate in pvt setting.
As long as they don't get rid of IDEA, those services are mandated by law.
May I intro you to our Sec of Ed, Betsy DeVos? She's whittling away at the OCR, which is a remedy that many parents use to obtain svcs.
Citizens that are marginal to politicians.

Can someone ask how many jobs will be lost do to this HC plan?
Republicans are NOT cutting Medicaid -- they're reducing the growth of the program in coming years. Stop listening to soundbites.
It ALSO means Job Losses is medical, education, health care workers, lower quality care, where is AMA, AAP?
And that money going to the pockets of the wealthy.
dishonest tweet.  expansion of medical savings accounts and more targeted tax cuts. tell the truth, the whole truth
as long as they get french fries back in school, everything will be OK amiright?
Yes this is the GOP working for its constituents - not at all!
More suffering and crime
And as a LTC nurse, my patients will pay the price with sub par healthcare, less meds, higher risk of death d/t the orange beast
Less actual nursing homes and hospice services.
@Dale1042 #PROFITOUTOFHEALTHCARE
These are people the GOP probably think of as freeloaders. In ancient times, the GOP would leave them out to die of exposure or wild dogs...
Three of my elder relatives outlived their estates. They ended up on Medicaid & in skilled nursing homes. Many more have the same tragedy.
They think they're thinning the herd. We need to thin the weak, mediocre men and women from public service. Given to impulse, can't innovate
Draft a fix to ObamaCare and submit it w/ 40+ co-sponsors and put the divided GOP in a box. Media will cover it even if McConnell doesn't
Hey, but lots of tax cuts and savings for the rich!
Sounds "scary".  Got milk??
And they will give you nothing because they don't care about us. I've resigned myself to a slow and expensive death.
...and the poor pay more for worse care.
We should be cutting corporate welfare, removing the income cap on SS contributions, and driving Medicare for ALL!
@SenJeffMerkley @RonWyden Please use your skills to influence on the cusp GOP senators to vote no to TrumpCare!
What happens when an adult becomes disabled and can't work?
By next year I expect the @SenateGOP and @HouseGOP to introduce the "Poor and Elderly Liquidation Act." A Rand lover's Endlosung.
How true I am so scared for my adult daughter with autism Without Medicaid how will she receive the services she needs?
I agree. Can we talk about how Medicare can be adequately funded as well as comprehensive?
@SenateMajLdr Its so sad to see you turn your back on fellow Kentuckians for your own enrichment. Do you not have a soul?
That gets Paul Ryan aroused.
Yes, I worry about my special needs brothers funding. He's an adult who can't care for himself and lives a carehome.
There always seems to be someone promoting an emotional response to a legitimate problem. And your REAL solution is...
My state, NYS, cuts will effect: preventive tx. ER medical ambulance, psych. Svcs.,med. eqpt., hh aide, nursing home care etc...immoral 2cut
And more resources for more wars.
Forcing women out of jobs to become caretakers is part of the plan. It's the only way he can "create" jobs.
It also cuts resources for retirees that live only on social security. It is a death sentence for Americans.
@SenateMajLdr used it himself  Ask him how his Polio is doing 
Mitch McConnell Beat Polio As A Child Thanks To Government Healthcare http://occupydemocrats.com/2017/06/22/mitch-mcconnell-beat-polio-child-thanks-government-healthcare/ … via @anteksiler
TRUTH!!!!
screwing the poor and elderly so the wealthy can buy another boat or eat kOBE  beef with a jewel encrusted fork.
That is not fair, The Walmart and Exxon class CEOs will end up on cat food, we cant let that happen.
@granisnark12 Then stop it. Pull out all the stops.
Well it is the degradation of a great country
It ruins my life as a 29 yr old disabled woman, it ruins the hundreds of people I meet my age, older, & younger everyday thru my journey
So much for of the people, by the people, and for the people; GOP- for a few people
Dear Ms Harris.  Please consider the WH in 2020.  Your country desperately needs you!  Respectfully signed by Canadians who fear for the US.
Aren't seniors on Medicare?
Not, apparently, for long if this Senate bill becomes law. I suggest you do some reading-up.
I stand corrected. Medicaid pays 45% of total nursing home cost. GOP bills do not specifically cut that funding, as Harris implies
Connecticut Post, NT Times or/and Washington Post have good summaries today....#ctpolitics
As a sr citizen I am worried about my future. When low-income folks can no longer take care of themselves & no medicaid what happens to us?
People don't care unless it affects them. They still don't believe it will happen. They believe him.
And if it doesn't effect them now it eventually will. Absolutely agree with you
Maddow did an excellent segment on the far reaching impact of cuts.
Less access to prenatal care
Yes. Stop this disaster. Put pressure on your @GOP colleagues. @Reuters @AP
Normally, w the GOP, it is dog eat dog. This GOP is feeding the ppl to the dogs & not even asking if they like it or not. No debate/open hrg
Nursing homes are bad enough as is. God help the seniors who depend on that system if this bill becomes law.
We need 2 have control over healthcare costs of doctors,hospital,drugs. I had tension headache, went 2 emergency bill:28K/ 2hrs ins paid 18K
That would be "fewer resources", not "less resources", if you are interested in being grammatically correct.
I work in early intervention home based with newly diagnosed autistic children.  This will dramatically affect my job and early intervention
Do you think that the GOP cares?
Without #Medicaid, rural hospitals close. Jobs evaporate. Then schools, and shops. No tax revenue, town withers. "Trickle-down economics."
Backbone of our way of life. Our fellow man. The children, the disabled.
Ann Rand doctrine applied by Paul Ryan
And less assistance for children in the foster care system...
We need you to run for PRESIDENT
Medicare covers seniors, that & their secondary insurance they must have to fully cover their health needs. Stop lying & misleading people.
There's a difference between Medicare and Medicaid
Dems: wake up!!' Do something!
Elderly people are already poorly treated in many facilities.
Don't forget coverage for pregnancy, birth control, and other resources for women go bye bye. They kept the viagra coverage though 
Personally...y'all need to stay out of it. Obama Care hurt more than y'all wanna admit.  But that doesn't matter to Dems.
Thank you. Don't stop fighting for us and our country
But, yet we refuse to talk about the real reason Y is our HC system's so screwed #ConflictOfInterest  #ProfitOverCountry #HarrisStopGOP
Hope all those Trump voters are busy cleaning out the spare room to take in Grandma with Alzheimers from the nursing home.  Good luck.
But hey, another tax break for the wealthy, so the Trumpers are happy.  Why?  I don't understand.  R voters have been played.
Deaths
Reagan  federal care 4 mental illness, turning jails, libraries & streets into psych wards. Can't rely on states 2 care 4 marginalised ppl
Don't forget less resources for ALL kids. Some disability services are mandated. Cutting funding for these kids will affect all.
How is Americangoing to react to seniors as the next homeless explosion? Guess we'll find out.
The sociopaths will deny it as fake news and carry on blithely! Nvr seen them ever regret their sociopath-y!
Horrible! 
* fewer resources...
It's Evil in it's Purest Form.
Horrible!
Yes....LESS fir all who are in need!!
How do we cost the most and have the worst delivery system? That is the place this discussion should start on both sides of the aisle!!
It means the insurance companies must go. It means that as we retire we won't be cared for at all. Means children will be without treatment.
Medicaid 4very poor. adjunct for the disabled to receive full assist since not all qualify 4 SSDI cuz disabled likely not been working
What century is this again?
You were a joke as CA-AG.  You are terrible as a US Senator.  Repeal and replace ACA.  Tax cuts.  Growth economy. Fire special counsel.MAGA
Actually no. Those you mentioned will still have the same access. Fraud and abuse being cleaned up.
Payoffs to Paul Ryan and GOP are about to pay off.
What a stressful, shitty & un-American waste of time this whole process has been. Shame on McConnell; & the GOP.
How about we just calculate the % of income all Americans would need to pay, for all Americans to have health care. I bet 5% would do it
@SusanDa50168535 We see how the GOP treats Americans with disabilities. As a liability. #SaveMedicaid
@DebraMessing  IT MEANS GETTING RID OF IT.
