"Women's health" is code for "abortion."  The truth is there are men and women who actually believe it is wrong to kill esp late term life.
& men will not be silent either! We stand with our Mothers, Sisters, Daughters & Friends! #GeeksResist #TheResistance #SaveACA #VoteNoBCRA
As a woman, i thank you

You bet! We will not keep paying taxes for other people to kill unborn women!
Because Obama socialized medicine and congress has to fix it.
No one is silencing women. You libs always wanna play race and woman card. America is no longer buying it. Obamacare is a failure. #MAGA 
@GuerrillaNurse @guardian Republican apostals of the old chauvinist  belief?
Exactly! That's why we MUST repeal and replace! We cannot afford to keep Obamacare #RepealAndReplace
Why are you SO sexist? I'm one of your constituents & I HATE THE ACA! Can't wait for your next election; I will donate to all your enemies!
Men don't know nothing about us women!! KEEP  FIGHTING! 
Increasing one's volume doesn't increase the accuracy or quality of one's thoughts. #Caring
I'm a woman and I want Obamacare repealed. I want less Federal govt I my pocket.
You're in for some seriously Big trouble Harris. God does not bless the wicked. Abortion is wicked. You lose.
You fraud.
This woman won't be silenced! No more stealing from me to provide healthcare for able-bodied leeches, male OR female.
Go take mantle from Hillary #StatusQuoKamala
So you'll join the #RepealAndReplace #Obamacare ?

That's great!
I don't think anyone coukd silence you Kamala....too bad you don't use that mouth nicely, you may get somewhere....you know,honey vs vinegar
Cause nobody knows more about women's health Issues then 13 white guys.
One minute there is no gender..now there is gender
Oh absolutely! Let me tell you one thing, i'm a woman and i do NOT WANT THIS SHITTY OBAMACARE.
Idiotic tweet of day nominee
*leftist women
Well women like u r loud and nasty. As an immigrant woman, do not speak for me. I will work 3 jobs if I have to. No handouts  4 immigrants!
Hell yes 
Do you hear me now!! All ears!! Let's never let up Making progress!!! #TheResistance I will try to stop cussing! Try! Get so angry
Lol @KamalaHarris @DNC #wethepeople know @DNC stands4planned murderhood U don't care4citizens only criminals 
Vote your #criminalParty home
yeah, you care "deeply" about babies - which is why you support taking health insurance away from MILLIONS of them #MorallyBankruptChristian
governments don't make people equal or provide health insurance hard work and responsible behavior with good health habits Work requirements
Oh, we know YOU can get louder. But when you get too loud we stop listening. And you're very nearly there already.
You go, girl!
You don't speak for me..
Why do you believe that women have to follow Dem thinking or else?
Are you on Obamacare?
Idk because 54% of them voted for this Administration knowing healthcare was at risk, so I think it's going to take a lot more!! Smh
Probably why Erectile Dysfunction isn't pre-existing. #trumpcareSUCKS
Because they think they are entitled.  It's not health care anyway. It a tax refund for the top 2% Stop calling it health care. It's not.
My washing machine gets loud when it is out of balance, doesn't help anything. Reminds me of you
?
resist. rise.
Amen! Thank you for your efforts!
#GetLoudWomen
That is an excellent question.   Definitely something that needs to be reconciled.
Women in this country are fools for believing democrat lies. But not all of us
Sorry...I only can hear blubbering from McConnell @SenMajLdr ... Could you please repeat your last blubbering statement ?? Y NO WOMEN?
Because this admin is all about $$$, power and boys only
they need neutered ......
Repeal and never replace.
Because their is an undercurrent of hatred towards women!
Oh they'll hear the women alright. Pregnant is going to shoot through the roof from this shit
13 LAWYERS. NOT DOCTORS. DECIDING FOR DOCTORS & WOMEN. JUST LIKE INSURANCE INTERFERING IN PATIENT DOCTOR RELATIONSHIP, NOT IN A GOOD WAY.
@SenatorBaldwin @RepGwenMoore Wisconsin's   real representatives fight for whats right unlike @SpeakerRyan who puts party over country
13 male GOP Senators failed bigly w/Healthcare. Move over, guys. Let's turn it over to GOP & Dem female Senators--they will be be awesome!
But they demand gvt paid Vagara... Sad to see all 13 men deciding women's care haven't had a "natural erection" since Ike...
I used to sell boner pills. Legally. The hypocrisy is astounding.
Hope you women are out in force for mid term elections 
I see old white guys and they are destroying healthcare
Hell ya Kamala!!! WE WILL NOT BE SILENCED
Not only that, they're old and withered and probably couldn't please a woman to save their lives, hence women need to be punished.
And they, I reckon, are way too much like work.
Yes!!!
I am WOMAN, hear me roar!
#Resistance
#HandsoffMyUterus
#IsupportROEvWADE
#ThatRLook
It demonstrates to other men who look like them that we r in control of them womens
yes, why?
Because 'Merca !  Oh yeah..& 40 years of greed, INCOMPETENCE, the DEMORATS moving right, but mostly fking greed & worship of the almighty !
Thank you.
As all women do...cackle cackle!
"Rise  Up"
#HeroesResist #WeAreJustGettingStarted  We stand with our Mothers, Sisters, Daughters & Friends! #TheResistance #SaveACA #VoteNoBCRA
Because old white men are in charge. And only in charge through lies and deception. Much like the presentation of the diabolical bill.
I am appalled that women make up more than half the US population and we are somehow losing rights and becoming 2nd class citizens AGAIN!!!
You better believe it.
Woman & men need to stop the machine long enough to make change. #resist
If you have a vagina, or if you know anyone who has a vagina, you must fight this healthcare bill
Stay strong and fight like hell!
We have fought too hard to be silenced. I WILL NOT BE SILENCED!!!!
We three clowns of...bearing shit they give so far...
And those angry old men look like they haven't seen a vagina in years.

Persist
Keep fighting for us. We need your voice to speak for all of us.
Lets hope so. I couldn't believe a female legislator would vote against the Equal Pay Act but yet...
This guy on the left looks like the crooked vet in Beethoven!
OMG! Do you EVER stop pandering to whichever way the wind blows?!? Get people WORKING and they won't need gov free shit!
Except to ones on the Right. They'll shut there mouths
John Barrasso is always right behind McConnell; is McConnell a puppet of the GOP, with Barrasso there with his left hand inside the jacket?

Because women are not the decision makers.....according to white evangelical "preaching"....men lead, women follow...of course I'm with you
@SenKamalaHarris Please keep asking the tough questions, fighting for all of us and showing the courage and intelligence that the GOP lacks.
This is a question that needed answers in 1619 and 1776. Start talking...
Oh here we go again.
Yes we can
 on health care or any other topic! 
Booooooooo!!
Time to make Mitch McConnell, a last term Senator.
I know why @SenateMajLdr picked only men to write the bill. Women might be sympathetic to the plight of other women and children.
BS!
Because women like u r bullies and big mouths and cant negotiate. UR way or no way,  not the America  way
Someone has to spell it out loud and clear to the sheep who follow him blindly. Where are GOP senators with guys? Please lead them.
Louder doesn't mean smarter or better it means you aren't listening or considering anything other than your own noise
Fix government now! American people need to be represented! The day of the old, controlling white man being the only voice should die
I wouldn't be surprised to learn that half of these guys can't be trusted to be in charge of their own catheters.
If you should hear a deep rumbling from the east of California that some might mistake for an earthquake, it's on your side, too.
https://twitter.com/nowthisnews/status/879543075361538048 … https://twitter.com/LorenzoLopezMer/status/880098002135920640 …
Women in this country will not be silenced on health care. We will only get louder. https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/jun/28/womens-healthcare-republican-senate-bill …

Funny how fiscal conservatives don't even know that4 every $1 spent on maternity care, $3.40 is saved on complications of preterm birth etc.
They don't care. The goal is to get rid of Medicaid, Medicare, Social Security. Think churches, charities should step up.  <$$$ 4 GOP, 0.1%.
Old men have no clue re women & children's health issues. This bill has nothing to due with health but $ 4 rich
Yes we will!
I see no GOP woman bothered to speak out against this male takeover of our healthcare!
How could they even think a woman should not be on the committee?  A woman would tell them the truth. 

No old white man knows squat about women's health.
Kamala, CA 's you! Thank you for fighting so hard on our behalf!
#RESIST
RESIST being silenced PERSIST being heard!
Kamala Harris the poet politician!
YES!
Yes we can and will! Protect Planned Parenthood and women's control over their own bodies
Wow didnt anyone catch that republicans can only count to 13!!!!!!!!
Sexism in gov is immoral, a human right violation, imho. Hear us, @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @SenateRepCaucus Fix This NOW.
To all the stupid clowns living here you should know that 13 is not a lucky number so please republicans pull your heads out of ur (ASSES)!!
Absolutely,  only if more women would stand up against this rhetoric behavior! Women instinctively have nurturing within, passion for things
That is one of the death panels we were warned about. #Resist
Get rid of these old geisers in 2018!
I do not understand why the R Women Senators are ok being submissive to the men Senators.  The R Congress is run by the "good ol' boys club"
Shout it out!!
They all look alike with that I hate the world cast in stone on their faces.
Senator Harris the only reason you are not allowed is because you are smarter than they are
just make sure erectile dysfunction treatment is tied to prexisting conditions. that will get their attention
Its an old mans world. Banana Republic governed by an Orange.
Amen!
The more they try to silence us the more we will persist @ProtectILCare @shrivercenter @PPIAction @ACLU @CitizenActionIL @EverThriveIL
#ResistTrumpcare
They all do that stupid thing with their mouths... like they're frowning and about to cry... Where's the dude who punched the Nazi? Need him
So proud to be a Californian with the 2 best senators in congress. Thank you Kamala for fighting for the 99%.
I'm with you sister. Glad to know my senators stand up for their constituents.
@lucia_graves I guess they are planning to 'mansplain' it to you?
@CNN Trumpcare is the door to the GOP losing the next two elections in a landslide!
Let's help them make these great achievements for the advancement of real health care policies and a best health care insurance program.
Women in any country cant be silenced.
1 things for sure. The Trump "cancers" showing us how broken our system isHes showing us our deepest&most horrifying flawsGOP men "of God"
Thank you for your courage and strength to represent all Americans and defend women's rights. #stop13men
SHOUT!!!! SISTER!!!!
13 men who need to be barefoot and pregnant.
... because of elections.
Go figure. Mitch has lost his rot gut mind. Trumpism has gotten to him. Screw the rest of the country and its citizens for tax cuts for rich
Yes! 
Thank you Kamala for all you do. We are THE RESISTANCE !!!
Thank you!!!
Say it like it is, Senator!
Get louder Senator Harris!!! No force stronger than women united!
Lmao!!
When these grow a P_SSY, they will have the right to DICKTATE what women's health care should be
You want respect, and represent yourself like this ???
#Noclass
You on Obamacare Kamala? 
From the bottom of my heart thank you Kamala. I am Canadian & I refuse to stand by while all this goes on. That liar affects us all.
You said a mouth full, sister.  Only trust these guys AFTER they grow a vagina.
We need you to speak for us. Your voice is our voice. Go get em. Don't mess with Kamala fellas!
I think don't mess with American women, fellas would be even more appropriate to say
get ready ... Coming soon – “Trumpcare 3.0: Return of the Sociopaths”
People with disabilities, pre-existing conditions, and the medical field as a whole are not represented.
This bill is an attack on women, children and the elderly. GOP is running a 3 Card Monte scam on the American people to push it through.
Yup!
impotent leaders
Some of those men would not be in power if those 54% suburban women didn't vote them in office. Now their upset.
Women should decide not to have any more kids since pregnancy is a pre-existing condition
Please form a bipartisan women Senator group and show America what a true, workable healthcare bill looks like.
This whole deal is turning into a freaking nightmare and a complete joke! These republicans are so hell bent on repeal, just fix what we got
Well said. I totally agree. It is a nightmare! I can't understand why he keeps getting away with everything.
government is creating unequal classes of people
Pls tell us what you need from us! Glad yr out there fighting!
It's disgusting how females are not represented at all!
We should have half the seat plus one on the health - death care committee. We'd take the death, deprivation out of the 'better care' Bill.
Thank you for all you do, Senator.
Yes We Will.
Reproduction attacked! Healthcare nationally attacked
Democrats and Republicans refused to work together for the benefit of the American people.
I cannot understand why the American people do not DEMAND Unversal Healthcare. Kick the insurance companies to the curb!
Forever frustrating the "know your place" crowd.
It's the Republican way unfortunately,  its largely the old white male party [not all largely], they can and should do better.
All these old white men are sure the hell trying though
Damn right! How they gonna tell women what to do with our bodies?? GTFOH!!!
Immediately we all need to boycott all Kentucky Bourbon products. McConnell needs to hear from the money people in his state. @CNN @MSNBC
Thank you!
Keep fighting and doing what's right. We respect and admire you a lot.
Fight fight fight those bastards!!
Amen Sista!
Vote them out!!
You get what you vote for.  This white male Congress is what America chose to represent them.  Women and POC need to get to voting booths
