Today, @RandPaul & I introduced “The Pretrial Integrity and Safety Act of 2017."
http://bit.ly/EndMarriageFraud … #NoVawa4Visa
Our entire criminal "justice" system needs an overhaul.And a regulatory agency to act as a watchdog b/c the industry won't do it on its own.
I purposely used the word "industry" because that's what it has become.
No one is saying no punishment for those who did wrong. Merely fit the punishment to the crime and to a person's freaking income!
That's all I meant. Let the punishment fit the crime. Don't punish 1 diff than the next.
What this is a distraction. But you can't cape for liberation while being ok with the oppression of others.
There are black trans ppl too. And you can be concern about trans issues and other issues affect black ppl. This isn't a zero sum game.
Jassy. If you're talking to me I'm lost??  In case you are I'm aware there are any type of preference a person so chooses exist in all races
They want no bail. They want everyone out and nobody responsible for appearing in court
But is secures the defendants appearance where the promise (PTA) does not. And bail is a good deterrent to committing crimes.
You didn't have a problem with bail when you were a D.A.? Have you forgotten the 8th Amendment? @CrimeVictimsCa @CADistAttysAssn
1st paragraph of @nytime is false. See https://twitter.com/bailreformus/status/876151448517709825 … shouldn't take everything you hear from ??? Because there are better solution
#KaliefBrowder had bond $ #jayz if you want #bailreform advocate for nonexcessive bonds or bond for probation violation not racist risktools 

You are going to know who I am in a few months. I'm working on a big project and #bailbonds is a big piece of it. #crime
Who do you consider low risk criminals? Congressmen and former secretaries of state? Obama?
We desperately need to stop prosecutorial misconduct, like you did repeatedly as DA & AG.
1st conquest as Senator? Destroy our Criminal Justice System. #BailReform is a disastrous experiment funded by George Soros. Vote her out.
You have no clue living in ur dream world how many dangerous ppl are released on bail reform only to reoffend within days
Absolutely.  It discriminates against people that violate laws.
So TRUE
How about the seizure of property news that came out from Jeff Sessions? It's a civil rights violation   The ACLU will be jumping on that.

A POC will either be remanded or pay 3 to 4 times more 4 bail than the white guy for same crime.
F
A
C
T
Some ppl Can't be granted bail!
Oh yes big time
"Ohio Deputy Sheriff Charged with #Rape, & Kidnapping of #Woman | #Ohio #News" https://www.usnews.com/news/best-states/ohio/articles/2017-07-20/ohio-deputy-sheriff-charged-with-rape-kidnapping-of-woman?src=usn_tw …

Good job Senator Harris Senator Rand Paul!



Bail reform is unconstitutional and a $3.9 waste of money (just for CA). It violates victims rights and will increase crime.
NO SB10. You thought Chicago was bad? CA will be even worse with everyone forced to buy a gun to protect ourselves. Police will be too busy.

Send Sessions packing, before everyone in the USA is in prison.
We desperately need you to stop representing only radical left Californians. George Soros paid for your win in CA. Nobody voted 4 U &U win?!
There's a kid named Pedro Hernandez in the same situation Kalief Browder was in right now.
how about don't commit a crime to begin with.
We should remove "Have you been convicted if a felony?" from job applications; your chances at a job should not depend on a past crime.
When people leave jail with hardly any money, what are they supposed to do with their lives other than return to their old crime habits?
How about instead of the criminal "justice" system we call it criminal injustice. Never believe for a second the system is just.

RUNNING MATES POTUS 2020 @SenKamalaHarris & @SenRandPauI !!! #winningticket
It costs taxpayers money. All the money goes to bondsmen and then the defendant needs court appointed counsel!
Then don't commit crimes dummy...
Where is #Dems platform messaging to build an #inclusiveamerica w/ access to economic opportunity & shared prosperity? Who manages that msg?
The entire economic construct of the US is based on segregationist policies and practices that remain today. See>
I get tired of the piecemeal approach to dismantling segregationist policies & practices that protect white supremacy. No holistic strategy?
With our current Attorney General? Probably not.
Oddly enough, I have never needed to post bail...BECAUSE I DONT BREAK THE LAW.
Yep their all inocent...
In order to shrink jails you also have to take private corporate interests out of the equation which is what @jeffsessions supports. Sad!
But it makes some folks lots of $$. Wanna bet they lobby & put some of that money into candidates?
Hope you're not including Koch Brother initiatives on easing pressure on white collar crime in this bill, a Rand favorite cause
Punishing people who are innocent-until-proven-guilty and pose no risk of flight or harm to others is wrong. Punish AFTER conviction.
California is ran by criminals who abuse our taxpayer dollars. Investigate the Democrats of Communist California!
So...you mean make it easier for criminals to get back on the streets? How about not being a criminal? Problem solved! Bail is a useful tool
Start messing with the bail laws and bitter ex-husbands have a gr8 opportunity to go back and murder their exes and kill themselves too.
@UncleRUSH @nytimes good luck! Huge lobby.
Former prosecuter Kammy is more rock star bark than bite..almost has Maxie status w/ left

 little bite but is an alleged hero like Maxie

So here's an idea, all bail be set against all your families property. If your families don't put up everything they own, you go to jail.
The people who need bail don't generally have anything of worth?  iPhone, leased Escallade and a fake Rolex
You're going to be running for president 2020  you look like an FBI agent defending criminals oh wait that's nothing new
Chicago Reformed Bail System
How's that working out for the citizens there?
That's right, protect the criminals Kamala. You're a true Democrat! #LawAndOrder

FAR LEFT SOCIALIST
KAMALA HARRIS
Always Puts Criminals BEFORE Law Abiding Citizens
Just Ask Danielle Bologna
What are we calling Rand Paul these days?
Thank you to my next President!!!!!!
what do you mean by low risk? Flight or committing another crime, We must protect the victim/ accuser
Bail Reform is a dangerous Social Justice Experiment doomed to fail. Exploits the people they claim will be helped.
Please look into the Pedro Hernandez story, similiar to Kalief Browder, a victim of the system
Reforming Bail is a start, de-carceration this takes guts, time, care, and tolerance
Bail reform is great need & this sounds like good idea. will fed keep states in check so dont skew too far to bails that mean nothing
Thank you for working across the aisle to find solutions.
Current practices hurt the working poor and middleclass
#dueprocess #bailreform No person shall be deprived of life LIBERTY or property without #dueprocess of law.
I guess you never been a victim you pathetic hack
Why do you support civil asset forfeiture?
I checked to make sure this was a fair representation of Harris. Here's her opposition to AB-639, a 2011 asset forfeiture reform bill: 
Absolutely!
This is the type of action I was hoping for when I voted for you.  Thank you for doing your job - and reaching across the aisle.
Bail Reform is something the Trump's could stand behind.
Thank you! We need to focus on these issues while MUELLER continues his investigation on Russia.
You mean because somehow you think it disproportionately impacts blacks.
If your caught for non violent drugs no bail murder bail Yes something is very weong
Not only bail but sentencing as well.  Also a need for reform and not just prisoner storage.
New Jersey in on the right track!
And reform Drug laws
We raised cigarettes $2 bucks, she's created a brand new drug black market. It's exploding here right now. 
