@GOP senator just having fun with trump. GOP will never pass a bill. They love talking and threaten others.
Best move is leave ACA alone and watch it collapse under its own weight.
Yeh. Watch as they DOUBLE if anything even close to their schemes passes. BTW, had GOP left ACA alone, premiums would've stabilized.
Do you have a pre-existing condition, other than "ideological blindness"? If so, and repeal happens, you'll beee sorrreeeee.
You're not listening. GOP & SCOTUS scuttled how premiums wld've been under control - state mandate to accept Medicaid=thrown out.
WE ELECTED TRUMP TO APPEAL OBAMACARE!!
fortunately, @SenateGOP ANSWER to #WeThePeople. If they passed #Trumpcare its a virtual CERTAINTY 25 of them would LOSE their seats.
Unbelievable, I will votecthem back in if they dont
I hope they know if their arms break that will be called a pre-existing condition under tRumpcare!
Not for them...they are keeping the ACA for themselves and their staff no matter what!
ACA is such a great law...let's really fight for it.  
Ah, so the King doth believe that depriving his PEOPLE of their CARE B a good thing? 33 million of these people B left without homes or life
...What means the King by this? That no life but his, his family, & his Councilors do matter? 'Tis what it doth seem to beLET THEM DIE NOW
Everyday Canada is looking better and better. Please don't build a wall keeping American refugees out.
Unlike the USA, Canada doesn't let just anyone in.
YOU TALK ABOUT ARM-TWISTING????!!!!!!   How in the world do you think Obamacare got passed? HYPOCRITE!!!
I know this is asking a lot, but have they considered making a HC plan that helps people?
Acknowledged
Don't let them
.
@KottiPillar notice @DeanHeller on his right & an African American Senator (?i don't know?) on his LEFT. Seems abt perfect
Disturbing, so very disturbing. The hate that has ignited so much harm on America... it will take years to get this train back on track
I'm sure that the Whitehouse won't engage in any bullying. They have too much class and dignity for that.
Let's hope they repeal it or how about you fork over the 8k for my deductible  and copayments Kamala
STAND STRONG for America-do not be swayed @lisamurkowski @SenCapito @SenatorCollins -Vote as Patriots Vote for America #BePowerfulBeBrave
We will remember in 2018
Just got off my third call of the day with my Senators. They CAN NOT be allowed to kill Americans
I heard he threatened them. Sick puppy.
I think the GOP women have the backbone to stand their ground.
Let us hope so!!!
Don't forget threatening reelection for those who oppose him.
Heard tRump sat next to Heller & asked 'so you still want to be a Senator?'
trump's goal is to win! It is definitely not to take care of Americans. He will also kill the very people who voted for him as their savior!
Calling President Obama a liar several times was classless, particularly coming from a KNOWN liar.
NB: Those senators who attend want their arms to be twisted. They are into it. <They are dirty shady yes-man soulless greedy mf's.>
Truth!
Time's come
THEY must divide into members who're focused on Country vs those who staunchly defend Trump/Russia
We the People NEED some TRUTH

Republican Senators were elected and ran on repeal. Reminder, not arm twisting.
As Obamacare implodes in 2018, just in time for the midterm elections, Democrats will be held responsible for obstructing any fixes.
What,  no beers?
They are all A......s
This is AMERICA but Dark Money buys a lot of votes and minds in the Republican Party. Save AMERICA vote Against the GOP

They have so much free time, having decided that there is no other legislative business. The do-nothing Republican congress.
DT can't blame the Dems on this one. Dems were locked out in the Senate meetings. GOP House and Senate is getting tired of DT.
These guys are fools. Bullying should not be allowed .
Also, some may find out what information Putin shared with Trump about them!
Very concerned ab this government attacking its citizens. They're willing 2kill us for their $gain. Seeing genocide 1st time in action in US
"You do not lead by hitting people over the head. That's assault, not leadership." Eisenhower  
DJT=ignorant bully  GOP=craven cowards.
Then he will threaten to sick his Russian Trolls on them!
SMH
These people just don't give up. Unbelievable.
They are doing more.foolish,.than any other administration,.what ashamed that we don't have a http://universal.medical.care.paid.by  the taxes. Such canada
Trump is a bully.   Do NOT vote to repeal. Do not let this psycho-maniac get to you.
The deal-making will be of historic proportions, 45 needs this win badly. It's all he cares about, not how many will be uninsured.
This is the definition of insanity!

We have to push back let's twist back

He is at it right now.

I'm so glad I'm not Republican Senator.
We should call the offices of Republican Senators and tell them they need strong, resilient arms that resist twisting!
Are you working on legislation to fix and improve the ACA?
DT is worried about the impact of D's on his agenda but Mr authoritarian doesn't negotiate. Tells Rs what to do & says it's great! GOP bows.
Don't give in.
And here I thought we might have a day off from phone calls. Silly me! 202-224-3121
I hope the 3 Honorable Senators stay strong & out of the pigpen.
How many times did they vote for it when they KNEW Obama would veto? They are afraid now because they have to OWN IT
Twist arms literally & likely threaten Fake Kompromat.
Exactly. It's the last supper before 30 million Americans are crucified
Keep fighting!! TU
Maybe they will all get two scoops of ice cream!!  That should do it.
And threaten them.
One word to describe the Republicans: Evil
Let's hope women of the GOP Senate stay strong they are the only hope we have. The men have proven they have no courage stay strong sisters
I hope that they are steadfast
Why don't YOU present an ALTERNATIVE?
The American HEALTH ACt! #AHA! Rev 2
Let our Indulgences PAY for #Medicare4ALL!
any direct contact w s/c POTUS should have opposite of intended effect
Follow the votes. If repeal, presume possible Russian Kompromat or leverage.
If vote no despite pressure, they're clean.
Democrats not invited again but will be blamed for dumasses stupidity, again.
We are counting on @SenatorCollins & others voting no to support American people, not Republican party.

Did they remember to take their tape recorders? There's an app for their phones... please. Whoever is sitting next to 45 @SenatorCollins
If they appeal, their constituents will be waiting for them when they go home.
Treasonous lying grifting potus should  not be allowed to eat lunch in the White House let alone demand grown up senators be ordered there.

Or, maybe he'll just talk about Paris again?
I fear more significant threats to the Senators or their families.  And we wouldn't know.
It's lovely that it's only the GOP we're supposed to be working together to support one cause. When will they decide to represent Americans?
Why r there not 6 GOP willing 2stand up against putin/trump. Our country is in danger &they shutting down state dep we are Putins lap dog
Trump will use all dirty tricks to repeal. He rather sees ppl dying without healthcare than Obamas name on anything.#KamalaHarris2020
Wow. The pres is almost evil in his commitment to ruin people's lives.
Thank you for the hard work that you do for us.
I certainly hope that the Democrat Senators will have their own lunch meeting at the same time to strategize.
Won't work, they want to get re-elected.
Senator...

Excuse my OT Q. Please.

Will you run 2020?  
Sen. McConnell should simply be referred to as the grim reaper. No one has been this obsessed with killing their own people since WW2...
@realDonaldTrump is such a team builder isn't he?
As long as they're on this, they aren't messing something else up.
Trump will prolly talk about his Paris trip again and nothing will be discussed. Which is good.
Ask President Macron to have another parade with marching bands & shiny planes to distract tRump. And then lock him up in the Louvre.
I like the way you think !
Don't cave!  Stay strong and protect healthcare for all.
So the subjects are summoned by the king, is this what I sense here?
Deplorable.
Those senators want to get reelected.  I doubt if their constituents would appreciate being kicked off Medicaid.
Let's hope the women keep their resolve and do what men can't.
Always!! We're sneaky that way. Lay low and then pounce.
Keep fighting. Isn't it illegal for a president to strong arm senators/congress
Since when have mere legalities deterred any of the tRump grifters? Junior loves it!
It's DOA
Only thing trump does:distroi !!!!!
Politicians from all parties have been "twisting arms" for centuries. It's called persuasion, and it's done by both left and right.
But tRump takes "persuasion" to the breaking point. Literally.  And under tRumpcare, a broken arm is a pre-existing condition.
This is hyperbole and just adds to the divide.
I don't agree that it adds to the divide, a little humor is in order these days.
Where is the humor here?
Only the true for the people will survive. Who will sell their soul over lunch?
I hate them! GOP are greedy scum every damn one of them. This is NOT a game its ppls lives. Fix the ACA and repeal GOP. Vote them all out
@SenCapito @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski Stay strong today as they try to pull you to the dark side of Healthcare. We are counting on you
Or more likely buy them off.
Tickets still available
Will they ever get tired of mischief? It play a major part on your health! Some are getting ill now because of that ! Just for right!
What is happening?
I honestly can't imagine ANY Senator falling for this ploy. Go ahead, hitch up to this fossil, see how far impeached prez gets u n next elec
Trumptard bullying!!!!!
I guess this explains the bizarre "lunchtime" tweet.
Let's hope and pray they remember who they really work for.
They work for the United States senate, BUT have a duty to country, party, constituents, but most importantly their own conscious. They may
Simply think that their plan is best. That's why open debate is needed
The Undisclosed House until this administration is out of it.
Obamacare MUST end! It is ruining healthcare in CA!! Why can't you help us and work across the aisle? Are you going to just obstruct? #waste
No need.  They've already twisted themselves into pretzels.
Stay strong and value humanity
Thank you Senator Harris, for your tireless work.
I find it hard to believe that any GOP Senator takes Trump seriously. They know he doesn't know WTF he's doing.
Well said. It's baffling.
What took Don so long? A day late & a dollar short.
Maybe a lil bribery.
I wonder if he will hover over the 3 GOP women and use his intimidation tactic... that seems to be his M.O. in dealing with a powerful woman
It works so yes.
Follow the MONEY
Hopefully without the intended result.
Stay vigilant and stay loud...!
