The danger is still very present - fires continue to burn. Everyone should stay alert and heed the directions of safety officials.
We all should be very thankful for the California firefighters who have come from all over the state
& those who have come from other states & even countries.
As your voice in the Senate, I will demand the aid and relief necessary as quickly as possible.
If we don’t get rid of Trump, all of America will look like this.
Suicide rate is up massively. Mostly opioid ODs. Opioids don’t  help the kind of pain we are all feeling.
The problem with opioids, especially the really high power ones, is that you build up tolerance where effective dose = toxic dose.
I see many ways to help hurricane victims, besides Red Cross how can we help? I'd like to help but won't give to Red Cross
Hi @LindaQVilla - not sure why you don’t like the Red Cross- they’ve been here from the beginning.  But!  Wait a month or two- need will 
But what have you done, to help prevent this from happening NOTHING
Yeah- why didn’t she personally do the maintenance on that PGE transformer in Napa?  
Sen. Harris praying for you all in CA. 
Keep being strong.
?????
He’s a jealous prick
I thought that was Detroit.
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris for stopping by my home town and showing up with compassion and leadership...sorely absent from the White House
Why don’t you tweet about how you’re trying to get rid of the IDIOT destroying our country. Or are you?
As Californians we all need to take care of each other.
Thank you for going. My family is there, I grew up there and it's gut-wrenching seeing what's happened.
We need to take a hard painful look at how disaster prone regions are developed without proper engineering against catastrophic risk.
You didn’t hear?  A giant corporation neglected to maintain their transformer.  It blew.  This isn’t as simple as you want to make it.
Glad ur doing more than Prez
I think cesspool is right. I'm stuck here. Father of twins. Divorced. Unless the mom moves I have anchor babies
No pin .. nor paper...nevermind
#CourageNotCourtesy
Thank you, from the bottom of my heart, thank you.
I heard it easily could have been started by faulty power lines because CA refuses to fix or update them. YOU ALL HELPED DO THIS TO PEOPLE.
I just sent @lisamurkowski a note about being a good custodian for AK You are my love to CA. We will rebuild think about 1906.
Who you gonna call baby Swinerton and Wahlberg and say this crazy broad said she's the great granddaughter of Alfred and she says you can
fix this shit. Ins. Companies we made you we brake you. Now in 1906 the Hotaling's place survived why hell who know's that's how Napa will.
And Kamala look at the pots that survived not the pot that burned maybe there's something in that. CA always survives. 1906 baby girl.




Please send donations to:  https://www.redwoodcu.org/northbayfirerelief …  They will be honestly dispersed to which ever County you want, or all of us.  The Red Cross is utterly worthless, as we know from past performances.  af
Thanks for caring
Have you heard of the fires in Portugal & Spain due to the winds from Ophelia? 
We need #climate leadership now!
Ophelia’s winds → horrific fires in Portugal + Spain.
Very rare for a hurricane to spawn such a wildfire outbreak.

…

Heartbreaking...
Please run for president!!!
I bet too that California legislature will raise the fire tax too. You know, the tax coastal residents don't have to pay.
One more thing Trump has not publicly acknowledged.
@realDonaldTrump still hasn't mentioned us
Senator, the US and world are waiting for you.
I can hardly wait until this lady runs for president.
I'm sure Trump will jump right in and help them like Puerto Rico
Ms. Harris I wish you were the president
Senator Harris, Thank You for taking the time to see first hand to see the destruction in our North Bay. We know you will fight for NorCal.
Thank you for coming here. Your presence was comforting and supportive. Thank you. Thank you.
Heartbreaking!
Any word from that president yet? Oh, wait, CA is a blue state. Nope. He won't care.
You tweet as much as @POTUS - What is up with you girl ?
Media doesn’t cover most news , here on Tweeter you have a voice that’s not phony like most of the media news !
Even though I despise California's policies and politicians with every fiber of my being. My NDRF policy would be benefitting CA right now.
Who needs Trump when see our Great Senators & Governor 
Artificial lake creation from period of rainfall nearby risk areas to moisturize undergrowth during dryness maybe solution
Thank you Senator Harris. We appreciate you.
If you survived, you have not lost everything. Material things don't matter, they can be acquired but human injury, loss is the tragedy.

Thank you for being a leader for California.

We are gutted.
Still waiting for my prediction to come true that Trump will disparage @SenKamalaHarris on Twitter because she is AA, a WOMAN, & a DEMOCRAT.
Are you concerned that the President has not said a word or publically supported you and your first responders? @realDonaldTrump
Trump golfed this weekend. Here is Kamala Harris actually on the ground in California. THIS is what we NEED!
That's what you call a Real Leader
Yes just now 12:07pmct. from Saturdays your visit to Fire ruin remains of N.California,  TRUTH,  (Family) ☻
Thank you madam president, for paying attention to the people & your empathy for those that have lost everything it's needed at this time
#California #WildFires

Kamala, I do hope we have an investigation.
This reeks more of #Arson.
This weekend, I surveyed the damage from the wildfires in Northern California. I’m devastated for the communities that have lost everything. 
We had 80-100 mph winds for days. A spark can go far and light up the dry grasses.
Meanwhile, Trump was golfing.
Hopefully
trump should be doing this instead of playing golf!  Kamala Harris 2020!
At least someone in government cares about what’s happening in Cali. Trump still has yet to say anything about it. As trump would say “SAD!”
You noticed too. Pathetic. Disgusting.
Idiot
