It is the economic and smartest path forward. It is ALSO the moral thing. Let's join the rest of the world in the 21st century.
https://www.va.gov/opa/pressrel/pressrelease.cfm?id=2537 …
I live in a small red town in OR. HALF the people are on MEDICARE, Another third are on Medicaid. You don't know what you are talking about.
Because it just makes sense.
Cause I work in an ER. 'Nuf said.
with condescending medstaff if they r admitted. I can't imagine how they must feel.Ur sick, hurting, alone & a nurse is treating u like crap
In the ER we don't even ASK ur insurance stuff until you've been seen by a provider. I treat EVERYONE like a relative. Hard but rewarding
Wish ERs had more staff w/your characteristic traits. When ur triaged they do ask for insurance info, social security. I had a client who...
I triage. We don't. People try to give me that info ALL THE TIME. I just say wait til you're seen.
Well, again, you're a rare gem in the medical field! :) HR should promote you to training supervisor. :)
I lived in the US for 30+ years, and in Canada for 15. Whatever the pundits and ideologues may say, the Canadian system is better.
Canada isn't burdened with two things the US is: an absurdly large defense budget and evangelicals seeking a theocracy.
Doesn't mean it can't be done. The average cost per person is less than the current US system - so someone somewhere is saving money.
I don't disagree, but charging forward with a CBO score is irresponsible in my view. And you didn't address the evangelical quotient.
You can make the argument that there is nothing sacrilegious about health care - failing that, sometimes you just have to win the fight.
Evangelicals think reproductive healthcare and PrEP are sacrilegious.
Again, sometimes you can't argue your way to consensus - sometimes you just have to have a fight, and win.
ICYMI we haven't been
He is why I support #MedicareForAll
Which is EXACTLY the reason we need #MedicareForAll
Because no one should be stressing about money when they are fighting for their life. #Medicare4All
I don't
I don't support Medicare for all. It should be for elderly, disabled, veterans and mentally ill people. Even California knows that.
Kamala Harris for President 2020
Hoy.  Dime  cuentame de. Ti.
Como. Muy. Love   que ha echo. Kamalita  a descansado. Viajado
Mi  senadora. Como siempre.  Bella   trsbajando. My.  Love.  Escribeme.
I was a California bankruptcy lawyer. Fully 75% of clients were bankrupt because of huge medical bills. It ruins families & is unChristian.
Can I (we) have some details 1st on how you plan to do it @KamalaHarris ? It would be appreciated!
Humane thing 2do
#MedicareForAll would reduce personal financial stress, ultimately creating a healthier society.
Health insurance is a scam designed to put healthcare dollars in the pockets of insurance company CEOs.
Because it's a God given right and falls under life liberty and the pursuit of happiness
Healthcare is a basic human right.  Healthcare should not be a for-profit industry.
my medical bills are keeping me from PERFECT credit, and I'm horrified I won't be able to afford my psych care.
We need to provide healthcare. Not pay insurance corporations to profit by blocking  people from getting healthcare.
My Mom is currently undergoing cancer treatments for a recurrence of breast cancer and relies on Medicare & Medicaid! #MomsAccess2Care
Kamala H. Take the fight all the way.. please get yourself to the WH.. you will make an amazing President and stop this none sense.
#MedicareForAll  because it is the right thing to do!
As a nurse, it's heartbreaking to see patients denied ( via insurance) treatment or procedures which would improve their quality of life!
Kamala   mi.  Bellla como. Esta  que ha
I support Universal Healthcare but I don’t feel comfortable having BS Bernie as thr face of the Dems...hr is NOT A Democrat
I don't. Because it will keep the 'best and brightest' among us from going into medicine which will mean poorer quality healthcare. There!
It's the right thing to do?
Black supremacy is all you preach
it's the right thing to do.  I expect it will save health care costs and result in overall better outcomes.
Because no one should have to decide between a life-saving procedure and feeding their children.
because you can work hard every day, pay through the nose for health insurance premiums and still end up crowdfunding medical costs
because is a human right! not a privilege
I have been on Medicare for years. It works great and I have absolute choice about my healthcare. Better than when I had employer healthcare
Because we shouldn't have to choose between health care and food. #Medicare4All
1 year cancer survivor? 
Now if only, I could get my ostomey supplies. Needs New prescription every year.
Maybe I will grow a new bladder?
By supporting the health care of all Americans, America gains. We have healthy citizens who do not worry, can be productive! It works.
Insurance premiums for decent healthcare are ridiculously high as well as costs for prescriptions & other necessary out of pocket  expenses.
Because SOMETHING is better than Trump & GOP's solution of NOTHING.
I'm a Medicare recipient. My wife is 56 and pays $900/month for a plan with a $2500 deductible and $75 specialist copays. That's just wrong.
medicaRE for seniors works great- everyone should have this coverage

Because in our country you can go bankrupt paying for medical expenses (but not in the UK, Japan, Germany, Switzerland...)
Because no one should go bankrupt if they get sick.
I'm fucking tired of congress not doing shit to reduce the cost of Healthcare!
Too many families forced into poverty late in life because of massive medical bills causing bankrupsies and foreclosures.
Because I'm female and my health is at least as important as a man's or a potential infant's.
Because I'm tired of seeing clients turned away from addiction treatment because they can't afford it/no insurance.
Because healthcare should be about caring for patients not a capitalist venture. End insurance companies denying needed care for profit
It is every person's right + the long-term effect results to a more progressive country with productive citizens making America truly great.
So I could be seeing my doctor today instead of suffering alone at home. So I could afford the meds I need to digest my food. To find peace
Self employed, insurance costs high, ded. High, benefits poor. We can do better. Work in addiction field - people need help.
I'm Canadian. I have a progressive autoimmune disease. My doctors are amazing specialist's in their field. Medicare is sensible care.
I am a therapist and want to help as many people as I can. #Medicareforall will allow me to accomplish this!!!
Group insurance plan is a huge financial burden for my small business. MFA would free up $ for hiring, training, raises.
Because I recently had to be treated in a Canadian ER which does not take US insur. Care was exceptional and the total bill was $800 USD.
Because families should not have to choose between food or medical care.
I support it in theory, but it will never pass. Repair the ACA. Reduce insurance premiums & excessive co-pays.
I'm with you!
But it should cover all health care, including reproductive health. #AbortionIShealthcare
Because an illness should not mean bankruptcy.
Because everyone should be able to see their doctor, regardless of income.
It right thing to do & no American should have to worry about having access to healthcare.
I will be able to have medical care and not have to worry every day that I might need it and won't be able to afford it.
Because my insurance company is pulling out of my zip code.
Health care is a right for all americans, not just the rich.
It's the right thing to do. Health care in the USA should not be a privilege of wealth.
It's the right thing to do. I also support incremental steps like public option & Medicaid expansions in the event that this bill fails.
I work with vulnerable pops #workingpoor that suffer bc they don't earn enough & pass up on Dr./ den checkups for their kids bc copays 2high
Me too. That's why I support all paths to universal coverage.
For-profit medical care is immoral. It's equal to highway robbery. 

"Oh, you're sick? Give me money and I will help you!"
2 reasons.  Common sense, and common decency.  #ThursdayThoughts #ThursdayThought #MedicareForAll #Resist
Someone needs to provide oversight & contols, have you ever seen a bill for surgery? You can't make heads or tails & charges are ridiculous
First as a soldier now as a veteran government run healthcare has been best and most affordable insurance I've ever had. #MedicareForAll
Give Americans a real safety net.
#MedicareForAll because healthcare should not be a for profit industry. Profits steal care from those less fortunate.
Take away from military budget. We deserve doctors and medical care. Insurance is to expensive and unaffordable.
There is no evidence, worldwide, of a successful free market healthcare delivery system. The USA should not experiment with our healthcare!!
The republicans want "risk pools"? How much better is it to have the entire US population as such a pool???? #MedicareForAll
Yeah but why the fuck are we paying insurance workers who get laid off? Why is that even part of the bill? That pisses me off, because as
I figured this would be a bailout bill, with no sound structure. How do we even know what we should be paying people who no longer work? How
Is that even fair? Can we pay people who's businesses fail now? If my hedge fund fails do I get a bailout too?! I knew this bill would step
Into government overreach and bailouts
Access to at least a minimum level of affordable Healthcare is a human right
Equal, or at least improved access at an affordable cost
if you lose your job and lose coverage and / or can't afford health care premiums, you sure as shit still need health care.
Because all other developed countries have it. Why is should we be lagging so far behind? Answer: medicine has always been about $
the RIGHT thing to do.  way past due
Health for profit is sadistic. We need healthCARE for everyone. No one should go broke or homeless to get the care they need.
Because it's WJWD! Heal the poor and care for the sick!
Health care is a basic human right
Really, this needs explaining, we should have had nationwide healthcare established long b4 now,
Human dignity. Belief that we are here to support our fellow man.
Because doctors should determine your medical care not insurance companies.
I'm 62 & working for medical benefits. My body is breaking down but I have to keep working for med ben. My 60-yr-old husband has no job.
The value of your life should not be determined by the size of your paycheck. #healthcareisabasicright
Access to medical care should be a human right. Medicare-for-all will help spread the cost of care, & could lower the cost via negotiation.
I dont support it. Its socialism and is bad.
Because you shouldn't have to choose between getting the health care you need and feeding your family or putting gas in your car.
Because not all of us inherited a fortune from our racist fathers. Or got a small $1 million loan from daddy
A girl I know had a baby with half a heart. She was middle class and now maxed on CC paying for him, trips to Hosp; had to quit job.
Because healthcare should not depend on your financial status. #MedicareForAll
Because the most basic human right is the right to live.
Compare military budget to other countries then compare health care coverage. Let's put $ into saving our own vs preparing to kill the world
Bc if I didn't have Medicare I would be dead 3xs over
Sick of for profit healthcare
back from England Had to seek medical care went to clinic waited 7 min was Treated they would not take payment from me. single pay for USA !
The Christian Right pro- birthers are making sure they are born, they dang well better make sure they have health care.
Sanders is leading Democrats into a trap, don't fall for it!
it's the most fiscally responsible way to benefit the most people with a longer, better life. That's what democracy is! #medicareForAll
Healthcare is a right, not a privilege. It doesn't get simpler than that! #MedicareForAll
My son born with lip & tongue ties couldn't suck, so couldn't eat. Wasn't gaining weight. Ins wouldn't cover therapies, but Medicaid did!
Now, thankfully, he's well. But he was very thin for his first six months or so. Could've easily died without therapies. #MedicareForAll
I shouldn't have to pay $60 every 6 mths for Dr co-pay to get scripts for my chronic illness, then pay $100+ every 3 mths for said scripts
Bc making health insurance a commodity run by for-profits is obscene. Imagine if we treated education that way! Healthcare & ed are rights.
Because my ins co shouldn't be able to pre-auth surgery then claim it's "experimental or exploratory" as a way to avoid paying claims.
Because everyone else in the world has it and it works. I lived in France for 15 years & had outstanding healthcare& inexpensive medications
It's hard to tweet all reasons but I'll say this: organizing healthcare centrally so everyone has coverage means our lives are more free.
Because Universal Single Payer Healthcare is a big factor in decreasing gap between rich and poor. Dream easier to attain.
Because it makes sense
Because I favor prosperity and quality health care for all, I oppose your ridiculous Venezuelan disaster.
Simple. Healthcare is a human right.
Time to stop spending so much of our health care dollar on insurance and drug companies.
No support from this nurse of 37 years!
We don't support you
#MedicareForAll
I'm an Army vet's widow and cancer survivor  with low income, raising two kids. I got no help from the VA so I need health care.
Because human frailty in the face of disease and injury levels us all.  #MedicareForAll
As a Canadian I can tell you that you will need a very rational and well developed reasoning behind the costing and delivery of S/ P.
I have tried to explain the virtues of the system and there is a lot of confusion. GOP will easily propagandise the benefits of S/P.
I have used our Medicare system extensively because I have sustained athletic injuries. It works. It's a godsend. Tax vs ins payments
People need to understand they will not require ins coverage. Or much less so no increased costs to them. And that it won't be debt financed
I'm 61 and can barely afford insurance. I'm hoping to hang on till I'm 65 and qualify for Medicare. Premium, deductible and co-pays are 12K.
What a wonderful message to all citizens struggling to pay for drugs & healthcare svcs. and some simply cannot.  The US cares about you!!
Because I'm a decent, non-psychopathic human being...
Nobody should lose everything because a family member gets sick
Because health care is a basic human right.
I'm with you Mrs. Harris! And thank you. 
1/ My wife is an RN on disability due to compressed discs in lower vertebrae, stenosis of upper spine & fibromyalgia. Private disability
2/ insurer had her fill out LTD paperwork and denied her b/c PCP had her return to work date earlier than end of STD. Employer changed COBRA
3/ administrators a little over a month after she was terminated. Clerical errors & insurance nightmares. Waiting for Trump's shortened open
4/ enrollment window for ACA. Because we saved and invested, we are a lot better off than many. Silly me, I worry about those who are less
5/ fortunate than us. (But, please don't reject a compromise to make progress towards universal coverage if it's the best available option.)
Because each human has value and all deserve to have healthcare.
Because insurance companies don't care if you live or die.
Cause as the #1 country in the world I am.appaled that Medical Care is not available to all. #MedicareForAll
Because it's not a right... people work hard for better health coverage and work hard to be able to provide healthcare
#MedicareForAll is needed for complete coverage for ALL people.  We also need it to balance the pharma and hospital costs.  Let's simplify
Because I'm Canadian?
Because state-insurance, AHCCCS, literally saved my life last year. & it continues to give me a quality of life I would not have otherwise.
I have occipital neuralgia w/a migraine component, so w/o my treatment, I have a constant headache that spikes into migraines.
This time last year, I was confined to my house. Now I'm a very active person, & an activist. I also started a group to help the homeless.
Because my husband will never be able to retire- even after 31 years- because we won't be able to afford health care for our family.
Blessings. I'm disable after working 30years
With you, Senator. I'm in PA, but i will help the fight.
We spend twice as much per person on health care than other advanced economies. Yet Americans are sicker. We must do better. #MedicareForAll
It us only solution that makes sense.
Just as Bernie Sanders says medical care is a right for all. I've always admired Canada's system. To not be able to afford drugs is a crime.
Healthcare should be considered a right. Also, when we are well, when illnesses are detected and treated early, our country is better off.
Because it's what is right! People deserve health care!!!
Doctors say they receive the same amount with Medicare as with private insurance. So why not? Medicare at birth sounds good to me!
all. people need medical care should be. a right. for. everyone, technology. meds. make. care. to. expensive for. many. of. us
Because there is no negotiating after an uninsured person is on a gurney! #MedicareForAll is the fiscally responsible thing to do!
Because what we have now is not working
@BeSeriousUSA Medicare for me, as a stand alone, is too expensive. Low income can't afford copays. I need Medicaid also
Becuz im getting old n ny father is old n my siblings too n becuz we've paid into this all of our lives.
Employers today feel no need to care for employees. Unions have been busted to irrelevance in most industries, no help available there...
Because it wouild ban abortion!
Because I'm retired, but 2 young 4 Medicare. Health insurance is my largest monthly expense. I'm over 55 & should be able 2 buy in at least.
I don't.  I do support #MedicareForCongress though.  So what's the point here, are you admitting that ACA is a failure?
Chronic, life threaten'g illnesses or accidents r bad enough, without the worry about treatment and ALL that encompasses.
Canadian born. Not perfect system, but no one should be denied care based on ability to pay.  Or have to chose between food and healthcare
59 y/o self-employed woman, paying $600/month $3000 deductible, $6000 out of pocket max, and 3D mammogram not covered. #MedicareForAll
Because I've HAD to keep my husband's awful insurance due to his lymphoma, but in keeping it I cannot afford any for myself.
Because healthcare is a RIGHT and we need to take stock prices and profits put of the equation.
How about an option to opt-in for all?
I want to live.
I want others to live.
And I want Wall Street out of my doctors office & my government. Thank you.
@SenKamalaHarris nice try. People are so gullible. If they would actually look it up. Here I did it for you taxes go up majorly
If we want to take costs out of the system we can start with eliminating the middle man, insurance cos.
No one should suffer medical neglect in an advanced society where we have the means to do so - it's basic human compassion!
It is necessary for all of us to be able to have access to quality healthcare. We are human beings. Humanity should be our first priority.
You mudt condider repealing or modifying 1973 HMO ACT. Please look see read.
Those who are chronically ill who must turn getting well or staying alive into a full time job. This wouldn't happen with #MedicareForAll
Everyone on earth deserves health care. In a country like the USA it's a disgrace that not all do.
Because my daughter, Annie has Crohn's Disease & needs medical care. She is recovering from bowel resection surgery! She relies on the #ACA
Because I have a small family yet many would benefit from #MedicareForAll. We are only as strong as our weakest link. #StrongerTogether
Hubby passed from ALS, no ins (b4) ACA n I was left bankrupt. Lost home. No one shld b denied medical care. Its humane
Because worrying about the cost of getting well impedes actually getting well.
Imagine all the people...having access to affordable (free) healthcare and what a wonderful world that would be.
I don't. That is a great way to completely destroy America because you put Health care into Government hands. Look things up first
Because the greatest country on Earth should be able to do great things for it's citizens, like provide healthcare.
Because there will never be equality if healthcare is only accessible to the wealthy.
This says it all, for me.
Because there are 1000s of Americans with mystery diseases caused by our ignoring the environment who need medical care.
Because we are better than this...we all deserve healthcare!
Because the amount of money you have should not determine your ability to access healthcare.
Bc health care is a right, not a privilege
Because health care is a human right.
It is a civil right. There several developed nations that have it.
Because my 20 year old daughter was just diagnosed with cancer. #MedicareForAll
Because if I had #MedicareForAll I wouldn't be almost almost 24 weeks off of my medication begging my new jobs hr to please hurry
Simply put--health care is unaffordable!!
It's the simplest to implement. Since Medicare has such a long history & has been fine tuned to run more efficiently, everyone will benefit!
