And Kushner needs his security clearance pulled immediately. It's clear he is a danger to our national security
Yes, yank his security clearance. Kushner has utterly no business in the White House, with access to our nation's secrets
HRC is no longer relevant to security clearance question. But she was investigated & cleared. Agree, the private email server was stupid.
Kamala in 2020!
I'm up for this!!!  Kamala has strength & fortitude -- & the values & vision to be an amazing President.  Proud how she challenges Sessions!
Put them in a room together and she comes out in under 2 minutes, working a toothpick!!
Kamala Harris u tired ole bag no one agrees with your mealy mouth conspiracy ideas wanting attention
This is maddening, BClinton impeached for lying about an affair. This is a hostile foreign gov´t interacted with, stop pussyfooting around.
You want the truth?!  You can't handle the truth!  Senate Intel Committee WHAT. Oh girl u jest. What they gone do? Ans: nothing
Can't even accomplish that. See why Schaub resigned?
I need to  this 1000x. Unbelievable how GOP is responding to all this. If tables were turned they would be so nasty. Such Hypocrites! 
They should be screaming aboit that comb over thing on Ts head. That tjing has bothered me since the 80s lol
Why, they will lie or amazingly not be able to remember anything.  Waste of time! Democracy is going crap fast with this admin!
Waste of time.That's why they lie all the time to cover up the truth & always point fingers at others.
Now not tomorrow now! Russia is running our country!we will b in more trouble if trump is pardoned
NO chance. America's only chance is Dem victory in 2018 - everything else must be sacrificed to that
Hillary owes america answers
Answers to what? Do u have any questions?
If they're not prosecuted...soon, the govt should release Reality Winner immediately!!
But complicit GOP will toss soft ?s & provide excuses. #independentcommission NOW

Let me interpret this for you folks, 

Here you go
LOVE!  

Then hold them in contempt or charge them with perjury when they lie to Congress.
Hillary is the problem. She needs to be in jail
Hillary is old news, she's out the picture, move on. Funny how you all have a hard on for Hillary.
No hillary is a murderer and a thief. She will never be out of 5he pic till she is in jail
If they continue to avoid questions like others they are hiding The Truth to protect DJT
Senate Intel Committee with you on it is an oxymoron.

Whistleblower Tarref Simon needs help in bringing attention to the VA. https://twitter.com/refee00/status/880540730174967810 …
They will lie.  Hook them up to lie detector.
I will watch all testify and they should, but they will have no problem lying 2 intel committee, they have no morals
They will just lie anyway.
Someone in your leadership team, should HAVE THE POWER to make this happen...then DO IT! Leaders, especially our MALES, need to STEP UP!
Yes, we do. Please keep digging and don't let the Republicans drag their heels.
Can we establish ground rules. Fellow Senators MUST NOT interrupt when you are questioning.
Just as soon as you establish rules that say when she asks a question, she allows the person to answer.  Rudest person ever
Go get them @SenKamalaHarris and don't hold back! #TrumpRussia #Kamala2020
They will just lie
Senator Harris, Please demand that Kushner's security clearance be revoked. Thank you.
A public hearing please. Otherwise it will be spun to high heaven.
They'll just get more half assed lies
Kushner should have his clearance revoked immediately.
Televise, please! We the people have been WAITING for your great cross-examinations of these traitors! #DonTrumpJr #TrumpRussiaCollusion
I will stock up on popcorn!
This man has the same idea
Security clearances need to be revoked NOW while this is investigated.
What about Hillary's what? She doesn't have a security clearance. She is not under investigation. She did not commit possible treason.
We need to arrest some folks... like right now.
Sadly tRump may pardon them. Impeachment first then arrest.
Unfortunately any #GOP party member left as president will pardon the whole bunch to avoid the embarrassment. We can't take them all at once
We also need to revoke Kushner's security clearance. When is that going to happen? Why is it taking so long? It should have happened by now!
Session is DOJ! He's not going to revoke any of his buddies security clearances! MONEY & POWER in charge! Our only hope is GOD & Karma!!!
What happened when Sessions testified? Who in this corrupt admin has suffered any consequences? What power do you have to do anything?
Why Senate intel committee as they are all in conspiracy 2gether
And Reince, get his pouty ass up there. Answer to why he colluded with them, then in WH is a lying  AHole Director.
Keep crying. 
Open session NO closed door BS where .@GOP can ask how the weather is instead of hard hitting ones, then claim all is well!
You think they will be honest? No way, they lie like others blink. A lot. Everyday.
likewise
Milf...
Get ready to make them nervous @SenKamalaHarris!!!

You go girl!
Make sure they are in chains - lock 'em up. Perhaps Trump's love of water boarding should be used on them.
BIGLY APPEARANCE NOW.
And we need those answers sooner rather than later .... Like now!!
Make it happen so that our country will not continue to look a mess in front of other countries. Take some action please. #embarrassing
They'll come you'll be rude.  What else is new?
I'm afraid even under oath they all would lie lie lie. We will have to get answers from their leakers. They are now turning on each other.
Then what? Gov concludes their rich and won an election...they can do anything they want
I have never seen such weakness or lack of backbone in the GOP.... Provided evidence of collusion or conspiracy with an advesary.. crickets
Bunch of cowards
How about pulling Kushner's security clearance for not mentioning this meeting on his form?
Thank you!  Cz if this was Obama doing just half the stuff these people are doing you know they'd be calling for his head!!!!!!!
They broke the law and THAT is not being debated so why haven't they been charged? Because your entire gov is corrupt, that's why!
Why, Congress has no teeth. Twice now two intel Chiefs, and Sessions have refused to give direct answers to questions congress did nothing.
Also: @realDonaldTrump
Kamala Harris, the world's preeminent expert at asking questions she know wil get no answers.  Woman's leader in bullying and obnoxiousness.
Actually, I think you should bring in the guy who wrote email to Jr & ask him exactly what he meant by "part of Russia's efforts to help."
Shouldn't Kushner's security clearance at least be suspended?
We need answers: What was the "dirt" on #Hillary that #Russia gave to #TrumpJr/#Kushner? Why didn't #MSM/#USIntel expose #Hillary's crimes?
We know that #Hillary committed #ElectionFraud-- NOT #Russia. @TheJusticeDept @POTUS @WhiteHouse #ThursdayThoughts
We don't know that @DNC was hacked--there's credible evidence that an insider wanted #Hillary's crimes to be exposed.
Answers? As if anyone will tell the truth? They lie, and nothing gets done about it, anytime ppl have to "come before Senate"
No one gives a shit....seriously its backfired for you guys big time. Left still Really really out of touch with the american people. #MAGA
Stop fishing! What about Loretta Lynch and James Comey
We know the answers !!
We need answers from you and the Dems too!!!!!
Drag 'em.
Right after you drag in DNC HRC colluding w Ukrainian for fake Trump dossier China for financial favors and complete search of their servers
I'm sure the cream of the crop feed you info
You'll never get them but +1 for the effort
I'd love to see Trump withstand questions from a bipartisan Senate committee for 5 hours like @HillaryClinton did. He'd be screwed.
Answers under oath.
Lightweight. I'm so thrilled you represent the future of the Democrat Party. You'll help ensure Republican majorities for many years.
Thank you for leading and speaking out Senator Harris.
NOW ... not in a month nor a week ... NOW ...
They better have their playbook down so everybody tells the same lies. If not the stories will change again. And again and again
So much wrong with Trump meeting with Russia & the son meeting last summer Does it have a connection with their business? Keeping it going?
What makes you think these liars would give truthful answers?
Shouldn't security clearance be revoked for Kushner?
But you're only going to get lies.
To what? Who got the lawyer in the country and was she used to get a FISA warrant for Trump?
That's just a waste of time.  To what end?
Please help US! Taxpayers are upset.
Impeach
They all knew all along Russia wanted 45 to win, they just gonna continue to lie they must be stopped! #45gottago #foronlyloveconquershate
Go get em.
please let us know when they appear please
Kamala, don't read my text as if I don't support you and your policies for America and specifically 4 African American people•
I think the special counsel is the place for these prisoners •
So make sure it happens. We need action, not more "shoulds"...
You might wanna drag @jeffsessions back too
Simple Trumps can commit any crime and it's OK.No more he's new crap. Manafort is not new. He knew it was a crime to meet with Russian.
Yes America need a lot of answers but to get Junior to tell the truth will be mission impossible!
I optimism of so many. But why would anyone think they'll tell the truth, even under oath? They are liars. Journos keep digging!
Looking forward to a seasoned prosecutor like Harris grilling this trio. Maybe not Junior cuz he's an idiot and it's too easy.
L
Yes, we the citizens of the United States of America need, and deserve, answers!
And in the interim keep them out of the government so they don't do Putin's work
Let me prepare you. Ready? "I don't remember"
I can't recall... I have no memory of ANYthing at all...
They are trying to make Kushner Ghost on power.
Problem is this admin has displayed personally & professionally blatant disregard for truth
How about Trump Sr, interview under oath
We have the answers congress needs to act!
Lock them up,lock them up,lock them up
For what? To lie, spin and deflect? For the chairman to be like stop being mean to them? Then nothing happens?
What is the point?  They have no issue lying under oath!  Waste of time and political theater.
It is time to remove the entire trump family and lock them up for treason!!
Just right after you bring the Attorney General Loretta Lynch to the tablewe still need answers from her
About what? Oh, you think she's guilty of somethin'.
I'm thinking they should be picked up by the FBI and questioned.
Pay attention to medicaid cuts, new GOP plan still cuts medicaid and gives .1 % of 1 % a trillion $ tax cut over 10 yrs
before that each of them should interviewed by agents of the FBI, their electronic devices should be searched!
The question is whether more than 3 of your Republican colleagues agree.
They have to be Public Hearings @SenKamalaHarris enough with these behind close door hearings.
Right after they all give their answers, we should convict them for perjury, for starters!
a number of #GOP legislators need to appear to explain citizenship,  patriotism & loyalty including @SenateMajLdr
Sen. McConnell knew America was under attack. He did nothing. https://twitter.com/normornstein/status/884833693084389376 …
Only problem..you and your "colleagues" lack intelligence so any answer you get won't  satisfy your sick agenda.
@greenleafjenjen all you are likely to get are lies.
Will we get the same "No Comment" responses?
When you do dont let those geriatric men talk you down..press press and press harder. This Authoritarion regime should be kicked Out of Wh
They'll probably lie
Yes-in a public setting-and please find out why his security clearance hasn't been pulled. Our national security is at risk.
And they should let Senator Harris do the direct and cross.
Immediate answers without interruption !!
I'd love to see you question him!
I look forward to seeing if you can get through a hearing without being interrupted
I hope you can get your question out before the chairman squelches you.
I'm no intel colleague but I concur!
On it...Kamala...
Make it happen!
They will lie to the senate. But yes, we need answers.
Yes & immediately take away Kushner's security clearance, as he LIED on his clearance forms.  That perjury is punishable, as stated on form
They're only gonna claim to not remember, then what? Use this forum to outline a plan of action not seek RTs in the echo chamber
I'm sure this has been asked but why hasn't Kushner's security clearance been suspended pending investigation?
Hopefully you won't get interrupted when you get to ask the questions.
Why are Sessions, Flynn, Jr, all who lied under oath about Russia meetings, not in jail?  They perjured themselves.

Trump is like a door 2 door salesman who drugs you, ties you to a chair while he violates your daughter, assaults your wife & robs you blind
This lying Trump administration, weeks no Russia. Now we had contact but it's nothing. Lie lie lie lie lie Resist
You want "Honest" answers?? #Sarcasm
Why does Kushner still have security clearance?
Make them cry!
They will not hesitate to lie
You would love to have more camera time!
McCain, you just shush so Senator Harris can do her work.
That goes for you, too, Richard Burr!
Will they let you talk though?
How can u make them answer your questions without the bs confidentiality excuse?
Bipartisan love 
And will this happen when?
Rep. Brad Sherman introduces articles of impeachment against Trump
Doesnt really matter, they will lie and lie and lie #CYA
Sadly u were elected to wrk 4 the Amer ppl & all u want to do is GRANDSTAND sitting on ur butt in front of MSM cameras SELF IMPORTANCE/EGO
U guys are worse than a dog with a bone... Don't u have an actual job to be doing?
What good does it do to catch liars in lies when they know they'll never be brought to justice?
Just lock em up we getting tired just talking. 
And you should be allowed to kick their asses!
And POTUS, Ivanka Trump, Reince Priebus and Sean Spicer since they all knew about this meeting long ago.
but...you will only get lies...sad

Why does Kushner still have security clearance? It's now proven he knew what that meeting was about prior to going to the meeting.
And when they lie to you, whatcha gonna do about it? The minority party has no recourse.
Don't we have answers?
How bout all at once?
How is it these people still have jobs with security clearance? Their passports should be taken too.
You would destroy them...good :)
Public hearings please.
Yes lets get them to lie under oath!
Why so you can ask meaningless grandstanding badgering questions so you can get your C-SPAN face time.
Who else are you going to ask but them? Of course they need to come before the committees. Trump too!
Unfortunately, all you will probably get is "I don't recall", the Fifth or a dirty lie.
If fake Recusal Jeff Sessions lied under oath, then Kushner, Don Jr, & Manafort will lie, too.
it's not like they'd ever give truthful answers, so what's the point? unless they can get them in checkmate via proven perjury...
Yes , the sooner the better .
They'll just lie. The Oath means nothing to them.
@JamieLarsen66 If you're seeking true answers, you won't get them. These goons lie as reflexively as they blink.
Totally agree, but they should still have to come before the committee to be questioned!
Absolutely! Best interrogations let liars lie. The more they talk, the deeper they dig their own holes. 


If they are innocent, they should be ASKING to testify before the intel committee!
We have answers they R all CROOKS & need 2 B JAILED.  Why is the senate & house not speaking out about these atrocities.  SHAMEFUL FOR U.S.
Bring Sessions back he might be able to remember some more meetings. OH and Pence aka Sgt Schulz from Hogans Heroes  I know nothing
Actually, they should come before a judge, jury and then a warden.....
.....and Kushner's security clearance needs to be suspended or revoked immediately
Why does Kushner still have a clearance? Initial security clearance application he committed perjury!
Sure, it's not like they'll avoid answering or lie too you. Nothing like that.
I agree 110%! The GOP should be forcing it. This is the worst time in the history of the USA. How much longer do they get?
Why wasn't Trump Jr.'s reaction to email offer of Russian govt attorney dirt on Hillary to call the FBI?
Why isn't Jarod Kushner's clearance revoked for "omitting" Russian Meeting on security application?
Yeah, maybe when we get answers from Obama and Hilary
No because they could use this as a bargaining chip to gain immunity. No way, no how should that deal ever be on the table.
Go get them senator. #Harris2020
I want them questioned publicly, and SOON!
