Both sides of the est lie... Difference is the Dems pretend to give a shit....
Repugs lying is nothing to write home about, Dems lying it a scapegoat to being 'not that evil'... (Fyi- evil is also measured by omission)
Political layup if that Time will tell where u all really stand...Thgt-if u really gave af abt it u wld b out there rallying like Bernie
Not saying sen Harris has answers but my be ideas to move ball forward.
At this point who knows who W run in future
I'm pretty convinced she has none, and like all talking heads of the est Ds she will say just about anything.... sadly
Yeah I not happy w dem party either 
Wish she was further away from establishment & Corp  and call out DNC 4 shortchanging Bernie
Agreed, any progressive D worth their salt should!
On top of adopting the anti-corp pol funding model
Yea right. They should steal his job & all the others in this crooked administration.
Funny thing...DREAMERS are smart and could clean up this mess and get rid of this administration and those that need to be put out
For the most part people get jobs becuase they're more qualified than other applicants. Whose fault is it then, if Dreamers get the jobs?
Kind of like you had to lie to cover up that the Obama administration wiretapped the Trump campaign ?  You've got a credibility issue!

C'mon, Jeff. How is it possible to "steal" a job? Oh, wait, Trump did it.
Pants on fire
Sessions is a biased little man and has no business in his job.
ABSOLUTELY TRUE!
Get rid of monopolizing by the rich businesses and create public works jobs, gov health jobs, and mom-pop stores and get back competition.
Kampala that a straight ass Lie.There are a lot of lazy ass people who don't want to dig ditches, pick fruit and vegetables, they are white
 they all lie,like a cheap Russian watch!!
Dreamers are Americans. No child should be punished IN ANY WAY, AT ANY LEVEL for the crimes of their parents. This is so basic. So simple.
Any Person that qualifies under DACA should be granted citizenship. Every life  deserves to belong in the society in which they are raised.
They are just following their leader. They eventually believe their own lies and expect the rest of us to believe them as well. We don't.
Wish someone would take your job as you stink at it

lies... from both sides of his two faces
They are taking a job a citizen could have. It's not these are dreamer only jobs, it's common sense.
Jeff Sessions should get back in his lil clown car , put on his micky mouse club ears and drive back to the 1950's . The world has moved on
Dreamers may not as yet be Americans but each one of them believes in our values and you most certainly do not
What jobs are they taking? Please list, I'll wait.
The coal mining job I lost.
How did you lose it?
I have no words for this hateful man except #FAKE Christian
We know who the liars are,  do I need to wiretap your phone to prove it?
And how exactly does one 'steal a job? Companies have say-so over who they hire correct? Sessions is way off on that one.
They say dreamers directly compete for jobs with qulified Americans while field agricultural workers do not cuz ppl don't want those jobs.
Spend a day w/them while harvest time is here, they don't complain, just work hard, it's amazing, you ought to try it for a day...BUT U WONT
you are right, I won't and I agree with you. They are hard workers that deserve way more than they got.
Soooo that means HE HAS a wait list of folks ready to do those crapy jobs migrant workers r stuck with??  NOT!!  Thought so
He uses that to raise people's emotions.  Hitler did it and it worked.
Sessions lies almost as much as Trump and family.
STUFF that Jeff "CornponeCaptain"Sessions says, isn´t even worth honorable mention, Senator. Alas, he is our Nations AG. As "DJ" says,"SAD".
Take his... Please #Resistance
the evil elf is so out of touch, cuz he is old, a racist, who shouldn't be in our WH.  please vote nov 18 & 2020 send him back to AL
I say we have Session come tell you that Sen .Since you make him so nervous and all
Would pay big to see that!!! 
Me too
Front row premium!!!
Ya, I liked you until u wanted single payor and kill jobs.  Good one.  Thank God I remained a Pelosi supporter.  She thinks 2 feet ahead.
Trump was right he is an idiot but thinks we all are
The CEO's hired them in the 80's they got min wage but subsidized by the government US workers got 9 an hr they got 15.
Jeff Sessions lies like he breathes.
A Trump administration official lied? I'm shocked! Such an honest group. In other news, the sky is blue and bears shit in the woods.
Another lie from a Racist!
Jeff Sessions is a deplorable little man. He is little in every way possible but most significantly he has a little black heart. No empathy.
Liar liar pants on fire
What a little red neck wiener Mr Sessions.  Flap your ears and fly away!!
Is he talking about those jobs  companies take when they leave America & go 2 a foreign shore 4 cheaper labor while expecting us 2still buy?
I'd like someone to steal HIS job.
Did you know senator that during Hitler era the Nazi movement campaigned w/same lines,"Jews were taking jobs ,overpopulated. FRW follows it.
truly there's no arguing with idiots ! they can't get their heads around things like facts, truths, data, etc...no little grey cells
Dreamers are, by definition, documented. Ergo, they are not stealing jobs, as there is no subterfuge. They succeed on their qualifications.
No Trump is and all the govt money he can shove down his pants while others aren't watching!
Or right in front of them, he doesn't bother to hide it.
Jeff Sessions is an extreme racist & white supremacist say no more
Stop with this garbage.!nononebis stealing American jobs. IOU sound idiotic saying it and the ones who believe it are stupid.
Racist
Jeff Sessions has to lie because he is Trump's BITCH!
Sessions spoke untruths to you and Senator Franken during his confirmation hearings!!!
Lying comes naturally to Sessions et al. They want to promote fear & hate because that's the way they live & think everyone else should too.
@jeffsessions just needs to retire or slip in the bathtub. He's nothing but a fearful little old man with delusions of superiority.
YOU'RE the other side missy!  YOU are the LIARS!

YOU are one of the worst people in the Senate and the left has plenty!
Unemployment is not exactly a pressing problem these days, after 75+ straight months of growth
He is evil. What kind of man tries to assuage fears by blaming the innocent? Oh right. I remember. Hitler.
Just think...one day years from now when people want to equate someone w/the vilest of the vile, they'll say Trump.
Keep up the good work Kamala Harris!  We need you!
It really is insane how far we've deviated from a *fact* based dialog using reasonable data to reach a(n) compromise, hence move on...?!
Lock him up!
Does Jeff have anything to say about Trumps foreign worker visas, Don't they take jobs from Americans?
They lie. Period.
But his job as "Jeffry the racist House Elf" is safe
I have a lot to answer for; Lord knows i do. However, Sessions needs to wonder if any of his stances will pass scrutiny at The Judgement.
This little evil elf needs to resign!!
No mr. attorney general the dreamers are not doing any damage to US fixAlabama drug addicted #1 porno #2 clean up KKK and racist Alabama
Evil little elf
Sessions, like Trump, will NEVER ever change regardless of any 'flip-flop' rhetoric they put out there.
The "other side" ??? There's your problem right there!
If you've ever wondered what it would be like to have Mr. Burns for President and Mr. Magoo for AG, you need wonder no more.
Mr Keebler Sessions also LIED to Congress and his lying ass should be in a LEGAL SLING right now!
He has lied under oath. He will be held accountable. He says you make him nervous. That's a good thing..
This man is so afraid of 45 he would say any thing to keep his job lol
and cheat to win elections
Which also means they know what they want is not good for us all. Wldn't hv to lie if it was.
Oh yes, especially those Dreamers who have enlisted in the Armed Forces. We have such an excess of qualified volunteers.
Sessions is a disgrace.
Sessions needs graduated bifocals
Most american trump supporters dont work they're on disability and aren't disabled
Same old beaten horse. I wish they'd stop lying to people but more importantly that bigots would stop using this as an excuse
It kills me when they talk about jobs being stolen, then communities battle against factories being built in their towns.
If only both Sessions and Trump were forced to read this piece...
He's obviously smart, but, what turned his smarts into twisted hate.He takes the law to a level of maximum cruelty...
Has to be lie! We are soooo short handed in Texas we need construction workers, truck drivers, nurses etc.....  So what jobs is he talking

WHAT AMERICA MUST NOTICE IS THEIR ATTORNEY GENERAL LIED TO CONGRESS & WAS STILL ALLOWED TO BE THE ATTORNEY GENERAL, SO LYING IS EASY FOR HIM
Let's give lie detector tests to ALL OF TRUMP'S ADMINISTRATION and see what happens.  Bet there's not one honest person among them.
@USAGSessions is a clear bigot who jumps at the chance to violate foreigners. He wants it so much he submits to a belittling dictator
All they do is lie #impeachSessions #SessionsPerjury #impeachtrumpPenceNOW
Sessions is a proven liar so it doesn't matter what he has to say. He just needs to go to jail for lying twice at his confirmation hearing.
I am sick of looking at and listening to this Alabama mush mouthed Racist.  Wish someone would file a Writ of Mandamus and remove them all
Idiots have more weapons avaible to them as truth is the enemy.
Ooops...available to them
Sessions is nothing but a sneaky lying weasel!
How did this man get elected no less appointed, then confirmed? He is off the wall. He's a horror movie all to himself!
Deporting children is his wet dream
If us lazy-ass Americans worked half as hard as Immigrants did we'd have no need for Immigrant labor at all.
Unbelievable
Shut up sessions & quit lying! This is your argument that DACA kids take away from blacks & Hispanics! Since when U care
The whole stealing jobs thing is so ridiculous. Such BS... DC... the new swamp...
Jobs from the white supremacists that wont come of the sofa unless there s a w supr march. Sessions needs to tel them get out of welfare.
Total Lie
THIS fight? Also the fight against LGBT rights, the fight against socialized medicine, clean energy, etc. Every position is based on lies.
They are stealing his tree house cookie making jobs!
Keep calling them out! 
they are... illegal ass aliens... stealing american jobs
Jeff's pretty good at lying. Oh wait no he's not and his lying is regarding treason. Oops
He lies
Wow! 45's entire corrupted administration cult r all sellouts of America's democracy through greed & deceptions.Pathological pathetic liars!
The 45/pence administration are all pathetic psychopath losers, thieves & con-artists pathological liars whenever their mouth's are opened!
The dreamers are college grads, brilliant with a ton to offer here and we need that. Most Trumpers are ignorant and couldnt get their jobs.0
The politics of hate and fear. We are seeing through this!
I thought most of Dreamers were still in school?
#JeffSessions needs to get his head out of his ass and speak the truth. #RealDonaldTrump was right; Jeff Sessions is an idiot.

Good old racist boy.no surprise.
So Many Guilty TRUMPsters. HOPE THE GO TO A JEFF SESSIONS JAIL
How ridiculous I want to stand up for him but his core beliefs are weird and foreign to me
Sessions I'm convinced is a racist just like his boss. Period
Help! We are watching the daily destruction of our beautiful country. We need STRONG DEMOCRATS! Know any? (Besides yourself, of course).
You are all the same nation. Under God apparently. This shit is just to keep you from seeing what's truly happening.
Isn't that pathological..sad!
N my lifetime of 54 yrs on this planet I've never known a single person complain of losing a job 2 a minority, refugee, or "illegal alien".
If Dreamers have jobs, they are paying taxes, into SSI, and saving or buying things to help the economy. Go Dreamers.
Yes.and.they are comfortable with lying.
Omg....Hahahaaa. Most Americans seriously can't even pass HS
And he & Trump are killing the American dream.
BOO!!!!
Lying is the Trump way, through and THROUGH.
I'm sure the people in TX dgaf about whether the first responders were Dreamers or not...... (hint: because some of them were).
Please steel Jeffies job. He ain't no good at it.
I do not like that man. How can anyone say he's doing the right thing or has any integrity. I heard a gop say he had those things. Malarkey
How long will it take for America to recover from an administration that promotes lies to purposely foment hatred amongst its citizens?
If one of them could steal Sessions job, I would be elated.
Republican bogeyman reasoning; they're out there trying to upset your way of life; must be diligent to prevent this from occurring.
Now that is some Bullshit for sure.  What jobs? Where? How many? What is their rate of pay?  What white people applied for these jobs?
Aren't u on your way to jail
They know that most of the people illegally hire undocumented workers are Republicans. We need to talk about that more.
If an undocumented worker can come take my job then I probably deserve it.
This HAS to stop!!! Will anyone finally just call out these jerks as liars? What are you all waiting for at this point? THEY ARE RUINING US!
In every fight. #Republicans have to lie about everything because their agenda is based in fiction
Dreamers has gone to school, college to better themselves. Americans has the same opportunities if they so desire. Don't blame them.
#KKKeeblerElfLies
Session is allegedly a Christian. Really? Does anyone see the Christ spirit in him? I don't.
With employers desperate for workers? It's a dog whistle.
Sessions is allegedly a Christian.Really?
@TheView @GMA @GStephanopoulos @ABC @SenSchumer:I wonder why former Senator Ted Kennedy.,(wanted Jeff Sessions out) #Corrupt #Racist 
Hmmm, kind of ironic that you would say that.
Jeff Sessions is a racist.
Session's alternative universe: crime is up (fact check... no) Jobs are being stolen by "ilegal aliens" from Americans ( fact check.. nope)
I wish one of them would steal his...besides, he needs to resume his yearly "on the shelf" duties soon.
A great American businessperson would look at immigrants and see... customers!
(Or was that a Japanese businessperson?)
@USAGSessions is a liar, racist and most likely treasonous.
Jeff wants to pick strawberries, I just know it. Maybe he wants to be on call Christmas and I won't have to. It's all yours, Jeff
That's what they do best--LIE! Every. Day.

Satan's favorite racist elf!
There are no repercussions for the lies they tell. As long as that continues to be the case, they'll keep on doing it.


sessions is a racist ignorant man, he needs to get gone along with his boss.
Jeff Sessions?  Is not he a recovering (failed miserably) white supremacist and weasel??  Please!  Smh.
They take jobs when nobody is looking. Rapists, criminals, pussy grabbers, liars, and job theft. Oh wait, they WORK!! Donnie sits back.
What an elf sized douche he is
I work in health care and at my job we don't have enough people apply for openings.
They are hilarious as heck!!..
When didn't they?
Dreamers aren't stealing jobs...old, white, rich and incompetent men are...

! Sessions should have NEVER been voted in! NEVER!
of course they do. if they didn't lie, they wouldn't have an 'argument' at all.
This coming from -ah Harris , trying for the Maxine Waters achievement award.
tRump's right, Sessions is an idiot!
They lie to justify most of their arguments in most fights and they somehow reconcile their lying with being good God fearing Christians.
Nothing Sessions says about other races can be seen ass anything but his filthy white supremacist doctrine showing in full lite.
If we could make it mandatory to provide statistics for their claims we could cut all these alternative facts.
Yesterday all heard that one before....
Well, he has created jobs for lawyers. 

That's ALL the other side does. Lie at all cost
only the ones Americans refuse tl do bc it appears to be beneath them
You will never be President.  You're nothing but a grandstanding pretender.  The equivalent of a female Obama without the charisma.  Never.
When did lying become a good trait. Sessions is a Klansman scumbag. 30%of America thinks that is okay.
Hitler said Jews were responsible for Germans $ problems Reagan said Welfare Queens (lazy Blacks) were sealing white ppl's tax $ Same stuff
They first have pursue the jobs instead of collecting or drug dealing or stealing...not right to blame people who worked hard for their jobs
Jeff Sessions - if he is breathing, he lies.
