Donald Trump would have no problem cutting these trees down to make lumber for fences just to avoid having to buy lumber from Canada.
actually it's illegal to cut an old growth giant sequoia in California
Until Donald Trump has a beef with Canada like he just had recently. This president has no respect for anything that doesn't make him money.
as I said, the the wood is very soft and brittle and has very limited commercial value
and no timber company would touch it, due to practicality and public backlash
what it really needs is funding for ecological restoration efforts
fire suppression has lead to an unnaturally dense forests, which lead to more intense fires
that can reach to the crowns of the sequoias, killing them
There is no other place like this on the planet. It's a sacred site that should never be despoiled.
I love my big trees. I should say OUR big trees. ALL of our monuments.
Cut em down and make fire wood.  If you're for it , I'm against it.  Now for everyone except my Senator, this is a joke.
He wants 2destroy all of the beauty in the US.poison water &air,make ppl sicker,over tax us,give power to ppl w $$ not brains,selling us out
Also write more letters.
@SDforHillary 
Those are magnificent trees. So majestic and beautiful.
And their root systems are only 6-12' deep!
What?? Is Trump messing with it? Letter will go out in tomorrow's mail. My family went up every summer when I was a kid. 
Sequoia NP, or Giant Sequoia National Monument?
Make sure it's the right one, cause it's easy to get confused!
To even imagine we have to worry about our national treasures is absolutely insane.
Great picture -- thanks Kamela!!
I have traveled through these Redwoods several times over the years and they need to be saved for future generations which is why National Monuments, National Forests  and National Parks were established by our ancestors and the men who had the foresight to establish these.
I grew up in Visalia and still visit the Giant Sequoias.
From tree to shining tree!!!!
Reminds me of Tolkien's Return of the king.A dethroned once powerful wizard becomes Sharkey working at destroying the Shire.He almost does.
@FarmtoSpace
I've seen these Sequoia trees. They're an American treasure as are all our National Parks. It's our duty as Americans to protect them.
One would have to have zero respect/reverence for MotherNature &no aesthetic sensibilities to cut down 2000+yrs old trees.
Just greed.
Those trees are over 3000 years old & majestic! Being a native of CA I will defend those trees with everything possible!
Thank you Janice.  I recently visited the Sequoia Forrest and was awed...
I'm so glad you got to have that experience. Now you know why Californians are so protective.
She wasn't a Senator then.
She's not a Senator now.
How about we make the entire planet a food forest for all earth inhabitants, then build our SUSTAINABLE  cities around nature, not replace?
But with this, you need to declare all the earth's resources COMMON HERITAGE to ALL the world's people, and clean food & water are a RIGHT!
Just took my grandchildren to see the giant trees yesterday. The trees are older than Jesus!
Those Redwoods are 2000 years old!
Omg  Saruman is tryin to cut #Treebeard #NO. #Resist.

@evahoman2 Retweet to protect!
Splendid Awesomeness!
Aren't you the one who supports, or passes laws?... wtf?
My Pleasure, it is magnificent!!! Bless you
Wrong God created it stop trying to speak for him 

No one trust @DNC party of crimnals 

Vote your #criminal party home/prison/institution
Beautiful  trees
so many of my childhood memories are in Sequoia park. I hope it stays protected.
I would like to know the small print asterisk  you have linked to this notion. There is always a catch with all you politicians.
Thank you, Senator, for standing up to #DefendOurMonuments! @next100cltn
I made a trip to CA just to see the Sequoias. Nature in its magnificence is the one thing that keeps us humble. We need that perspective.
I visited many years ago and I was in awe of their beauty!
I used to live in Northern California, waaaay back in the day...Summer of  Love...
@ChewbaccaResist New Yorkers want this too

If you're THAT worried give your old, and I mean old, predecessor a call and have the state make the Feds an offer
If the sequoias go @SHAQ goes 2
Agree this kind of history needs to stay put.
Leave my giant trees alone! And everything else that's still beautiful and protected by humans who love and respect me. - Mother Earth
Fires....Beetles.....Pollution....No one can even protect the
Ag pickers here....What chance do trees have ?!
All Sequoias, Coastal and Giant, should be thought of as national treasures and protected for all time. They are irreplaceable.
Keep your chainsaws off our trees!!!
Beautiful place.
Those trees are one of the most magnificent sights I have experienced on earth!
This loss--IF it occurs--would be a National Disaster!!! Period. They ONLY grow in http://CA.Support  preservation !!!
Can't you Californians hurry up and secede from the United States already?  What's the hold up?
@xeni This one is under review too!? Well cut my bread and call me mustard that is some bullpoop right there.
I Need to work for NPS so I can Help! HELP me, help US
Thank you so much Senator Harris for giving this your special attention . CA has so many beautiful NP we don't want to lose. @alt_BaldEagle
It's part of what makes California and America great. Keep writing those tweets/letters people.
#WAKEUP #STANDUP #SPEAKUP #LOUDVOICESNEEDED #SaveOurNationalParks #SaveOurUniquePlaces #Corrupttrump #EPAShambles #SELLINGUSOUT
Definitely keep it protected! Common sense must prevail for common good!
This majestic symbol lifts spirits for all
Yes, but talk with the many thousands of Californians with redwood decks/furniture that contribute to the decimation of redwood forests.
I think that's probably unanimous
Is this some kind of squirrelly land grab thing you're trying to justify?
Has Trump sold it to Russia yet?
I'm in S.Africa, we have many trees under protection, I hope the same attitude is taken up over there.
I would hope so too, but sadly there are those in our current government who do not feel the same
The trees themselves are regulated under state law.  Don't need national monument.
It is a beautiful place
Ive literally driven through a Sequoia &  the forest. It's beautiful. It needs to be protected from the greed of corporate America.
Oh but wait-- if the Russians need the wood, then Trump might see fit to give that away too. Good gosh, what a world.
And thus could be better managed for fire control, new growth, etc. No one is trying to touch National Park area, only shrinking Monument 3
The land would be returned to the National Forest, which would mean it would remain under the watch of US Forest Service which would allow 2
Might want your LC for this area to explain it to you. There are several local politicians who are calling for the Monument to be shrunk 1/3
EVERY FAMILY SHOULD TAKE THEIR CHILDREN TO SEE THAT AMAZING FOREST
Thank you Sen Harris for all you do for CA.
I agree with u on this.
I don't agree with anything that you want to do!
Yes!!! Thank you. I want to protect all of our natural monuments. They are irreplaceable treasures!  #California #Nature #Environment

#MyLyrics            PRT 
I so agree we need to protect are national forests
We can't keep Leveling every piece of land till they were no trees & no Mountain no beauty in this beautiful land that we love
I don't live in CA - but I have visited this monument - It is beautiful!!!  It needs to stay protected!!!
I can't believe this is even at issue!
I wish everyone could see our National Monuments and Parks to see how special they are.
cc #FlowerReport
Been there. Its like heaven. To bad drive through tree was destroyed. But have family photos of car in tree.
Was just there yesterday. Th National Christmas tree, The General Grant Tree, Sequoia National Park.
There's plenty of lumber without cutting down giant sequoia trees that comprise a national monument. Shall we next mine the Grand Canyon?
Who's trying to cut them down?
Soooo @SenKamalaHarris any plans on tossing in your hat for maybe a Potus position...hmmmm? 
Please please please!
IMO there may be 0 in the USA 2 compare with these magnificent living things
Agree!
Our family will be visiting this National Park this week.  I want to protect it.
Please protect these....they are a treasure, and on my bucket list!
Am I missing something here? Are they trying to destroy the redwoods?
Wow. Thought there was a House or Senate bill or Executive order that I missed! 
Seeing a giant redwood for the first time is jaw-dropping, they are so massively huge. Then learning they are centuries old even better.
Only one of MANY problems this horrid Admin is wreaking. Why do these despicable humans work so hard to ruin their own country?! #RESIST
Just visited there last month from TX. Awe inspiring!
@POTUS wouldn't understand the 1906 Antiquities Act if you explained it. And this is a dream come true for @EPAScottPruitt #ProtectOurLand
It damn well better stay protected or we are going to have some problems. I am just saying.
kamala, the only way to protect your state is to kick illegals & you out.
Absolutely Agree !!!
Sequoia National Park.....one of the most beautiful places I have ever seen! Would be criminal to allow these idiots to destroy it!
ZINEYZE QUI NE CONAIT PAS DIEU .DITES TOUTE  LA VERITEPRESIDENT MOUSSA PROPHETMILIARDIRE NIGER -USA MON ARGENT TUER MOI
We LOVE you! Thank you! 
I want to, visit that park.  Gods grace, personified, in the beauty, of His work. 
It is clear Kamala Harris cares more about trees than those killed by illegal immigrants. How is a tree more important than human safety.
TOTALLY! Dump this idiot before he ruins our planet as well as our country!
This admin. cares so little for natural beauty, it would be no surprise if they advocated cutting the trees down to make chairs

#25thNow
STOP THE GOVT. TAKE OVER OF PUBLIC LANDS
PLEASE STOP THIS BOGUS VOTER FRAUD COMMISSION!!! PLEASE!!!!
My husband as my muse in front of the Majestic General Sherman, this past Spring. Save our Giant Sequoias.
Amazing!
Essential
No one is trying to destroy the trees, Ca lawmakers have already destroyed the entire state.
The US may not have old man-made monuments, instead, we have monuments of nature. #California #AmericaTheBeautiful #NationalPark
Don't we get it? Once gone, that's it. No rebuilding Mother Nature's masterpieces.
Sequoia--one of the most marvelous places on earth.
Weyerhaeuser could make a lot of money logging it. So that is what will likely happen. Nothing is sacred in DC.
@iamfonda I want that,Muir Woods,Half Moon Bay,SLO, Montecito,Grand Canyon,Yellow Stone,All Indian Lands&Parks protected
All beaches,marshy wetlands,canyons& mountainous areas & parks, Bear Ears,all coastlines, Carmel& farmlands
I also want Monsanto sprays forever removed b/c it causes cancer,kills soil/seeds & all our pollinators
If pollinators are killed &farm soils are dead b/c of Monsanto, humans& creatures have a total of 3yrs to live
Plus, whoever is killing hibernating bears &their cubs &Bald Eagles need life in prison after a beat down
Walking under the Giant Sequoiasis like being in a fairy tale. It is hard to describe. One experiences God through Nature there. 
Not a Californian, but an American, + all natural wild spaces + monuments should be preserved! We need to save the land for the children.
Retweeted, but as a citizen of the planet.
I believe that was created before there was a California
Sacred lands, sacred spaces.
@iamfonda please a save this monument. I drove from Massachusetts to see these trees and want to bring my nephews!!!!
We also need protection from Banksters like @StevenMnuchin1 who you failed to prosecute!
Cut it down!!! HA HA HA!!

Just kidding. Trump and I love trees.
Was there a democratic vote? No there was not.
TRUMPZI if we need one it'll be done CALIFORNIA IS ANTI TRUMP AND DAMNNN PROUD BOY
I agree 
National parks were created by the leadership of a Republican president. What has happened to us? We have created a monster.
Redwoods are one of the fastest growing trees and are a great carbon sink!!  They grow six feet in first year.

#ClimateChange
One day I hope to see the great redwood pines  of California ; Sen.Kamala Harris,Back from Laundromat, (Grapes)
Why you always lyyiiiin'?? The sequoias were already in a national park.There's no risk to them at all w/o the "monument" status.
Harris is trying to convince everyone that rolling back the abuse by Obama of the National Antiquities Act will destroy giant sequoias. Lie.
Guess again.
Guess again, about what? If you have something to say, say it plainly.
It's a beautiful place!!!
Of course.  Great monument and the best ever trees.   Screw Trump and his horrible cabinet.   Environment is so important and needed.
I agree. Sites like this need to be there for future generations! No one should take the experience away from them...
...why can't it be a state park? I'm tired of paying for California's parks. Left them foot the bill. I say HELL NO. #MAGA
Agree!!!
When are we as a species only one of billions of species that called earth home going to stand up & protect our shared home from us!

Iawtp!
Senator ,Trump needs to leave federal lands alone trying to make the rich richer and disregard for citizens of the USA. Why
YES
Keep our land safe from trump's delusion of grandeur!! Stop drilling and fracking - jBrown should b ashamed 2
Trees are the living barometers of the health of the earth. Rivers are the arteries that feed our land. All 'He' sees are $$$.
As a 4th grade teacher, Giant Sequoia National Monument was a favorite of mine when teaching the West Region. It's a treasure!
Absolutely we do.
See Senator, you and I do agree on some things.
@brentrose #27monuments

Absolutely. Nothing gives the executive branch or agency DOI any standing or authority to rescind a Antiquities Act created Monument.
Executive Power does, unfortunately.
Just got back from camping there
I agree
from a TN to California- save them, absolutely
don't make the ghost of John Muir get angry...
NOBODY IS GOING TO HURT THE TREES STOP LYING
These trees are majestic and without a doubt one of the most spiritual places on Earth.
Let me guess, The Angry Orange wants to sell it and open a saw mill?
Live that......Angry orange
We want to STAY PROTECTED 2 Retweet 2 #Impeach or Jail @realDonaldTrump
We visited @SequoiaKingsNPS @YosemiteNPS and @RedwoodNPS this spring via RV. Absolutely amazing.
God, I love this woman.
My father in law gave us a 5 year old Sequoia in a pot when we bought our home 20 years ago, I had no idea how big and fast they grew.
Kamala my love for you is like a mighty Sequoia!
I will second that
Absolutely!!!
Trump should like the GSNM as the Trees are Very Very Tall and the Very Very Biggest and most Beautiful Trees in the USA and World.
Ha! He knows nothing about "big"
No one is going to harm the SEQUOIA......
Redwood decks and fences are pretty
