Senator Harris, commit to not separating unborn babies from their mothers and I'll believe your sincerity.
I just love Kamila
@TheAmyBrenneman  because he is a THUG
@HelenELais  and now we know how the German people could allow Mothers to be sent to separate camps from their children
That's quite a way to weasel out of a commitment. Keep up the good work @SenKamalaHarris.  Let's get you in the WH in 2020.
At least B honest. What U believe is a completely open border that everyone from whatever country has the unfettered riight to enter & stay
At least Be honest. You hate women.
The President pretends to care about children? This General is supposed to honor the constitution & protect us, that includes children. Sad
STEALING FOOD FROM SCHOOL PROGRAM FOR CHILDREN IN NEED IS NOT CARING ABOUT CHILDREN

NARCISSISM CURRENTLY HAS
NO KNOWN EFFECTIVE TREATMENT!
One more reason I love my Senator Kamala Harris.  Stay strong sister. Never back down.
Hey Kammy how about we just send the whole family back to where they came from so as not to separate them, u r a liberal loon
So happy he refused !!! I voted for you because i thought u would do the right thing ! NOT. I am now registered Rep.
We have laws. Thought you were sworn to uphold them?
Such disrespect.
He works for trump!!!!
Infuriating the way disrespectful, condescending John Kelly speaks to you!
He's a retired Marine, she's a..well, not that significant. He commands respect, not her.
Why just mothers?? Are you a feminist ?
#KELLYisSwampMonster
Good for John.  If the kids are US Cit, let them stay, or let them go with mom.  Either way, mom has to go.  Illegal is Illegal
How about don't be a terrible parent, undertake a dangerous trek thru the desert w your kids & Kelly wouldn't have to make that decision
@gglightbulb Thanks 4 doing that ! As a mom & an educator, I couldn't believe someone in office wld do such a thing
Swine!
I would care and I do but I see first hand how they use us in order to hire them, this is why I don't care about this border.
Basically, you uncovered his bullshit...Thank you!
They lie to make themselves feel good!
What does the LAW say about illegal immigration? If you don't like the law, do your job and change it. If it's not you MUST support it
dear Ms. Harris. no need to separate. they need to stay with the parents.
Kelly is committing child abuse by separating children from their mothers.
John Kelly you are an awful human being. Separating children from their parents. Where is your compassion?
He is a Trump idiot who is power hungry and lacking in morals.
Thank you Secretary Kelly for standing strong against illegals taking over our country
Senator: I admire your perseverance and composure to such ridiculous answers. How is an ICE or CBP agent to apply "leadership"? w/o writing?
Good lord. No sense of humanity. Heartbreaking.
keep after him, unacceptable!
He doesn't see the need to issue the directive in writing because he issued it verbally? To 235,000 employees??? Good lord...
Another clueless politician from California. Keep up the great work Secretary Kelly, glad someone cares about our safety.
HARRIS 2020
After your endorsement of AIPAC, you must not have any qualms about  Israeli regime separating Palestinian families in every way imaginable
"verbal" directive?  You know how good this Administration's word is?
I'd say at least as good as BHO's.
#wrong!!!
General Kelly is a family man and human do u honestly think he wants to separate family's. @NorCalJax
THANK YOU Senator Harris for representing us.
Solution: don't cross our border illegally
Time for more women in government. Needlessly cruel.
Thank you for trying. Need to #resist
He shouldn't split them up send them both back where they came from.
Thinking maybe the "Hon" before his name needs to be removed
Thank you Kamala for doing your best to stop us from becoming Germany in the 1930s.
Actually he stated his policy. Your petty request demonstrates a lack of respect for leadership and authority. He is not an Obama flunky.
A verbal directive can be misunderstood as it travels thru DHS. A written directive is there to read & reread. There is no respect for
That's because he is a fucking Nazi. And he has plenty of company in his admin and his party.
#resist
Thank You for trying to help. Keep it up if you can.
Who are these people who won't do the right thing
And You voted to allow killing of wolves & hibernating bears & their cubs in Alaska. You're a disgrace to the great state of California!!
Bummer
Don't separate them, send them all with Mom.
Isn't the more important question is whether Secretary Kelly will follow existing laws of border security?
Thank you for standing up for our women/children & human rights  @SenKamalaHarris
Keep up the pressure, Rep. Harris!
He's an ass. #resist #trumprussia #russiagate
Is he involved in child trafficking with kickbacks???  What the hell would ever be justifiable about parent child separation?!
Disgraceful.
Need to Change his name from Honorable too Arrogant John Kelly
By GOP standards, money, not people being priority, how is it even economical to separate families? They have hire & pay 24 hr. child care.
Right and trump cares about Syrian children all a pr stunt
Verbal is expected because people at that level prefer to cover their ass.
Trump and his cronies are inhuman nazis
Thank you for fighting the good fight against people like this!!
I am so grateful that you are there representing our state.
Good job! Agreed! If this is his policy, why is it not in writing? The only explanation is that it's not official & it can be ignored.
Separating mothers and children is so despicable. It should hurt anyone's heart-if they have one
What about Sec Kelly is honorable?
great job Senator. Keep it up. They're awful
that’s bc he doesn’t want a written record
This whole administration has a hard time giving straight answers. They always talk in riddle instead of doing so head on.
ALTERNATE
   REALITY
Persist! 
The guy is an absolute douche. To think all 230,000 employees got the message is asinine. His agenda is divide and conquer just like @POTUS
Wow.
Please continue to pursue getting that in writing - thank you so much for your efforts to hold DHS accountable for their actions!
Of course not. Guys like that probably masturbate to videos of separating families.
Thank you Kamela Harris. Keep fighting for us & we will keep fighting for you. #Resist #Indivisible
Might need to take the "Honorable" in front of his name.
Proud to support you. Every day.
California separated Kate Steinle from her parents permanently.
What is with this administration acting like heaping piles of shit?
