Like Kate Kamala?
Kamala.. what about the other bill w/"life-or-death consequences?" Kate Steinle died in her father's arms. You are SILENT.

Heres what CA should do: setup socialized medicine in this state. If u don't want it, don't work or live here. Will fix many ills!!!
Sounds perfect!   Then we can build the wall with Sanctuary State California on the other side!!
amen
I called my representative to tell him to keep AHCA and work with Senator Harris and other democrats to build a better plan for all.
More political promises from folks with professional politic ambitions..
Exactly! People of California is no different than Iran. Some day California residents will fight for freedom from their government! #WorldFightForFreedom
Listen to this, close your pie hole. You are a junior senator who talks too much.

Kamala: What about the other bill with "life-or-death consequences?" Kate Steinle died in her father's arms. You are SILENT. https://twitter.com/SenKamalaHarris/status/878392475399979008 …
...if they live long enough given the number of UNVETTED illegals and criminals (i.e. Ms13 etc) running around being protected under your sanctuary city status!!

#KateSteinle

Sen. Feinstein: We don't agree on much, but you were correct below. Perhaps you could advise Kamala on your obligations as a US Senator. https://twitter.com/SenFeinstein/status/618538339113828352 …
When someone in your own party looks at you like you're a raving lunatic 
What about the rape and murder of children by @DanWarp & @Nickelodeon ?? I bet @SenKamalaHarris will not mention anything having to do with #ChildTrafficking and/or pedophiles/sexual predators working within our government... right? @JudgeJeanine @FBI @realDonaldTrump #PedoGate
Democrats have had approximately 7 years to fix any problems with ACA..nothing! Trump wants it gone, suddenly, you have the ultimate solution. Only idiots will beleive that nonsense.
What about the bill that allows AIDS to be knowingly transferred  to other people with no consequences? That is without a doubt life and death!
CA wants a state single-payer health care system now, without delay. All CA Dem politicians need to hear and respond to our voices, Senator.
Your state can have it. There is just one small problem.

How are you going to pay for it?
Lol. Didnt you once bodyslam Hulk Hogan?
This is all ya got? Were all gonna die?
Geeze what a crock
I k kw you had zero concern for Kate Steinle
Your liberal policies will come to roost and you will have throngs of angry citizens at your door #Karma4Kamala
GTFO!
Kamala: What about the other bill with "life-or-death consequences?" Kate Steinle died in her father's arms. You are SILENT. https://twitter.com/SenKamalaHarris/status/878392475399979008 …
Wait, does the repeal of the individual mandate preclude people from buying insurance if they want it?

Can those eligible still get subsidies?

I don't see the problem
Why do they hate for a woman to have an abortion? Because they don't want to help that kid and that's OK let Women have a
Why can't women who don't want children use birth control? Any person who qualifies for free abortions would qualify for free birth control. Much better to get an iud or take a pill, than to murder a baby.
#KateSteinle

That's rich Kuala.  

Kate Steinle was not shot in the back by a health care bill.  Kate Steinle was shot in the back by a 5x convicted illegal alien felon who was in the state because Left wing hacks like you want to make our communities safe havens for foreign born criminals.

Killing of Kathryn Steinle in SF is an absolute tragedy. Suspect should have been removed from U.S., not released. http://1.usa.gov/1H8sVVu 
This from supporter of illegals over its citizens.
We’re all gonna die!!!
What about Kate? She died in her fathers arm because an illegal who illegally had a firearm went on a rampage. You sicken me Kameldung!
With all the illegal immigrants. Oops sorry, undocumented immigrants.. lmao
BOO HOO! NOW YOU KNOW HOW WE FELT WHEN NAZI P. RAMMED THIS DOWN OUR THROATS WITH HER LIES, 'YOU CAN KEEP YOUR DOCTOR'! WHAT'S THE DIFF!?
Where your support for #SB562 ?
Senator Harris, I got an email from Rubio stating GOP intent to eliminate Medicare and change Social Security. Help us, please!
Quit with the life or death crap! ACA is bankrupting the middle class and we can't even use it unless we have at least a heart attack!
I've been on and off Obamacare...its not good. Please don't be partisan...work together!  Make a difference @SenKamalaHarris
Here's a reminder of Trump's suggestion on bad health care. #HoldHimAccountable
Oh please.. This plan will be horrid for CA. But CA DOESNT seem to care.
If this bill passes, let's all dump our medical bills on the capital steps.
what about the millions of babies that died during to abortions.Or the vest who died waiting for care under Obama.don't there lifes matter
Please stand strong! Obamacare does need revision; let's fix it instead! My five-year-old has only one company to chose from. Some choice.
But, you're against Single Payer or the Public option? Being against Trumpcare is one thing, what are you FOR we don't know?
Am from CA. ACHA is bad law. Please work to it to allow the market to drive down costs, and get rid of entitlement for rich!
Show us the approvals from CBO, 2000 pages read ur wrong here. Just show us amendments to admendmentds articles to articles Pass CBO PASSED?
What are you doing to support #MedicareForAll ? No Support- not my vote. Got it?
Where we find the bill you & others developed re #Healthcare? We need 2 get the message out 2 the public. Dems must reach people. #UniteBlue
Yet your party was willing to hurt so many without ever even reading the Obama care bill. You are a joke.
Both parties are in the pockets of insurance and pharma. #MedicareForAll is a start to ending this corporate gravy train.
Are you on Medicare now?  If not, you might want to rethink that.
Our nations entire health care system needs restructuring.  It needs government out!! Government is to regulate, not sell.
@SenKamalaHarris, please do everything possible to defeat this monstrously callous bill!
Give few examples of most harmful items and each one's simple explanation in individual twits! More work for you better understanding for us
We're one of the few states capable of doing our own healthcare plan, which is now allowed by this bill. So lets lead by example!
Right back to extreme diatribe that can stir the unhinged to violence.  Took you less than two weeks.
Some hillbilly from AR is going to decide the fate of 40m Californians.
The entire country needs to make their voices heard as well as the honest judges we have left.there is more of us than them.Drastic measures
We MUST stop this bill for the needy and the ill informed. Then we need (and want) single payer in California. #ilovekamala
I'm from California, I'll never go back there. You've change the State I grew up in!
Republicans Are Among The Very Worst People In The World 
They Ought To Stop All Their Christian Hypocrisy 
And Fund Health Care For All
so dramatic
Thank you for your diligent and persistent work representing your constituents (like me!!!). This immoral bill must be stopped!
The immoral bill was passed and took HC from people who paid their own way and given to others for free.
Kamala for POTUS 2020
Sadly Death is part of Life get use to it
If you are suffering too much check into Hospice its free
Do the Honorable thing
The nation needs to make their voice heard NOT just Californians. We are in it together!!!!!
let us know when Congress goes on the same plan you are forcing on the taxpayer.
What? No. See, the Trumplican Congress wanted to waive the requirement that GOV. had to use the same health care plan. CROOKED GOP!
I stand behind you to fight this draconian bill. What else can I do to make myself heard?
Which Americans the ones paying for it or the non citizens sucking off it. Deport all illegals and Dreamers Cancel visas and green cards
Hyperbole, Senator. Just admit it, your desire is typical Dem philosophy to expand welfare roles which secures you a committed electorate
You are my voice, Sen Harris.  Stay strong, and keep up the great effort!
Obamacare has died on the vine thanks to you and all your comrades
This corrupt bill has a civil war on the line.
No @SenKamalaHarris any deaths are on Obama care& now dragging your feet is killing more can not blame Trump his is not in place @DNC death
No matter if you're Republican or Democrat why does it always come down to life or death?
https://www.thenation.com/article/life-and-death-red-america/ … Worth reading and sharing.
If it's left up to him I'LL die, I have ESRD
Didn't work with the ACA.
You are the VOICE, bring it!!!!
Ex-fucking-zactly!
Yes Immediately.
