Can you imagine if the shoe was on the other foot?!  They'd be chanting "lock her up" in three part harmony.
They chanted that about boring yoga emails.
Guess you forgot Obama's DOJ cleared them without a visa. That's what you get when virtue signaling for votes is more important than facts.

We both knew this though. To watch now the GOP to stand up for him cause they got nothing makes me vomit! Traitors all of them!

That needs to be on a T-Shirt.
I could make the shirts!   It's what i do!
Still soiling your panties over this I see. 
I so admire you. Keep it up!!!
Really? That kind of gossip is worth spewing to my most trusted advisor first. Since Trump is not capable of having one...?
As confirmed by the current nominee for FBI Director...
Only if there was really something there, but turned out to be an appeal for adoption issues.
Cannot WAIT to see you question Don Jr. 
Cannot wait for her to be president either
Same!
#Harris2020  add @RepAdamSchiff to the ticket and it's solid gold!
Not such on Adam
I like Adam. And Ted Lieu.
Meeting with @DonaldJTrumpJr set up as way to wire tap Trump tower? This could be HUGE break in Obama spying story!
Right. It was BHO and Hillary they thought she was going to Winn so they set up TRUMP
Then let's make sure HRC is held accountable as well for involvement in receiving info from the Ukraine. Works both ways.
Exactly!
"Should be" doesn't mean "have to". We cud talk all day about things people should or shouldn't do. What was legal/illegal is what counts.
Explain that to Hillary who stated during the campaign that she was talking with world leaders to stop Trump.
Yeah, but what's the likelihood a private citizen would think that? Zero. You guys are tripping HARD
Kamala check out Randi  she has  it down    The Randi Rhodes Show: NO ONE CAN REPLACE MY BOYFRIEND: http://youtu.be/_AaEpHsitLw?a  via @YouTube
Stop stalling with this "Russia" nonsense. We want tax reform and Obamacare repeale. Get it done or get voted out.
Ok. Where do you get your health insurance? You must be in perfect health. Weight, blood pressure, no previous injuries including sports.
If you want a policy that covers your issues, get one. Pay for it yourself. Stop expecting us to pay it for you. We have our own to care for
That may be your opinion......but it is not a law.....and any politician would jump at the opportunity to get dirt on an opponent
you sure about that?  & as my FBI father always told us "ignorance of the law is no excuse."  Ah, family memories!
#FireSessions #sendJaredandIvankahome #Article25Now #resigntoday #fools #liars #votethemout #olewaxyface #timeforustoadmitthetruth #fools
They knew this.  They are not dumb. Just prime evil.
Yeah Right! Trump Probably is a #PiedPiper For Certain #JewishZionists! But You Won't Mess with Jewish #AIPAC #MostPowerfulLobby In America!
If u would focus more on legal or illegal things that can be proven with evidence, then maybe the country wud take Democrats serious.

Why aren't these people under arrest.  To me this is treason.
Correct. This clueless person thought it would be "alright" to just take the call! The admin is a complete disaster. #ImpeachTrumpNow
Kamala, darling, he's just a boy! He's new. He doesn't know politics.

Hang the 38 year old out to dry!

It seems like anything else about them it's optional to call FBI
The Democrats never did it, why would anyone else, especially with all the fake garbage you & imitation news propoganists bandy about
I don't know shit about shit and I know to call the FBI.
You're right, you don't know shit about shit.
The FBI is still waiting for Hillary's call.
Yes, to expose the corruption of the oppo!
And we will never know the exact discussion they had at that meeting can we....the timing is so suspicious. Not coincidence ! 
Looking forward to your pointed questions  to Donald Trump  Junior.
You should also look for Richard Burr to be an asshat and stop any good questioning. He  is a sad excuse for a Senator.
You know the same people contacted Hillary's people, got $$$, hired a former spy, released dossier-- same law firm.
link to a legit source for this.

And even in this article, it doesn't link the campaign to him. Just "Democratic supporters of Ms. Clinton"
Which could be anyone. So let's not actually blame the Clintons for anything here if they did nothing wrong.
I'm researching articles to put it together for you-- and let's hope you hold "unnamed sources" and Crowdstrike to same standard
You won't find anything that actually links her campaign or her to the Steele Dossier because she isn't treasonous the way the president is.
And just to make clear my position: every oligarch/big player in world has ties to Russians- money, real estate, resources.
The russian attorney who met with don jr will be killed or will disappear because putin will not allow this image...no way she will live...
I cannot wait for Kamala harris to pose question to don jr...she had jeff sessions, the Keebler elf, wanting jesus to save him...
Trumps wouldn't know to contact the FBI b/c they simply don't know what they're doing. Sad so many people are OK with that.
The definition of war should be expanded to include cyberwar, so people who collude with countries at cyberwar with the U.S. can be charged.
Peace or war, treason is treason.
When you cross examine that liar, plz don't let him ramble on to use up all your time. Ask for only yes or no answers and go for the jugular
That would have been done months ago, then. What's the diff here?'
Oh please if roles reversed the Dems would be at same meeting
Unless it's the @GOP.  Then it's stored in the "Good Looking Out" file.
@SenKamalaHarris we need the calling out of gov. officials routinly flip/flopping vs. a Binary Clear Decision on CONDEMNING #TREASON
#Resist
You are right, but don't expect that from donald trump.
The Trumps are above the law, laws do not apply to them, they will just say I did not know it was against the law and win. It is not right!
Meeting with @DonaldJTrumpJr set up as way to wire tap Trump tower? This could be HUGE break in Obama spying story!
Please run for President!
I mean really?? If this was Obama we would be in a civil war!
Unless ... Jr in fact cut a deal and this was the quid for the pro quo?
Yeah, can't wait
There are some R's that have already said they would do what jr. did. That's really frightening to me but hey, who am I? Just a voter.
Why can't Trump's FBI nominee say that?
-Lindsay graham
Human nature is to want to know the scoop.  Curiosity.
After planning it, talking to dad about it and implementation , Don Jr. will FINALLY be able to talk to the FBI…
Yes, assuming you are a smart person
Unless your a #Trump
You would think that would be common knowledge and behavior.
Yeap...but that's under normal circumstances however in this instance ...Guess nuf said!
I bet Trump jr called his dad first.
Too bad the guy applying for the Director job did not say that today.   Sen Graham fed it to him.  Why?
Can't wait to see you rip into these con artists!!
I have a strange compulsion to interrupt you & mansplain to you.  Oh, wait, I've been watching too many Senate hearings.  My bad.  Carry on.
lol, unless you are a Democrat
You know this administration doesn't know jack about anything! A bunch if clowns he the WH! An idiot for president!  Just keep your on&!
YAAASSSS
There ya go being hysterical again 

Kamala Harris 2020 
Trump crime family knows nothing about first calling according to fake news reports
If the Secretary of State send classified information on a private server she should be in jail
Political Campaigns For Dummies
This administration is a sideshow
Can someone tell the trumpkin clan - pleeeease...
And they all knew that, they are not as dumb as they're playing.
It is treason
Yeah Hillary!
It's like they've never seen an episode of The Americans. Criminal, inept, AND poor TV choices. Sad.
PLEASE push this forward for once! Seems like y'all just get the dirt and let it wash off this slimy family. Oh- and whatever Trump is too.
Not Don Jr though.
You sure? I thought you supposed to say, "I love it". 
Assuming they were innocent to begin with. They did not ever intend to do what's best for the country
Exactly!  Any first year recruit knows this. Oh wait, #TrumpRussia #TrumpJr never served
Absolutely the first step

In the real world but we R living in a Reality TV Series  Time 2 cancel due 2 low ratings We R tired We R done. FN NATIONAL SECURITY THREAT
Am curious how soon after Jr. sent the "I love it" email did he call daddy?
So Hilary getting damaging information from Ukrainian is criminal!  Prosecute her!
Or at the least your lawyer to see what to do ... not knowing is not an option. But these freaks KNEW - DJT Jr cred opportunity for Fredo
So if a person regrets pulling the trigger after killing someone, should they not be punished. We want action! Criminals.
YASSSSSS GIRL. THIS.
Unless you are the HRC Campaign and the group is from Ukraine.
Kamala girl, you are future presidential material.
But no crime here.  And collusion is not a crime.
Not just foreign, remember this?
It should be , true. But no one, is playing by the rules! And then nothing happens!  We see it all day long on tv, social media!
Mr. Wray should have been as straightforward and concise. It's not hard.
...and Jr. ...if there's a fire ... call 911
The movie about this president will be the highest grossing blockbuster ever the whole 7 trillion in debt he will cause if we don't impeach.
I won't be able to watch it.  I can never relive this crap again.
Truth being spoken agree with that.
@SenateDems know this, why not @SenateGOP ?
And you would do exactly the same thing if the situation was flipped.
Why did Lindsey Graham have to press Mr Wray to say that?  I still think Wray is teuml patsy.  GOP are ALL liars
Fools and #TraitorTrump rush in thinking they are above the law. #RuleOfLaw and our #Constitution must hold, please!
Yes. I look forward to seeing you question Donald Junior and Jared Kushner, who should not have a job in the WH anymore.
Problem with that is Russia aren't supposed to be the enemy anymore. Remember "The '80s are calling to ask for their foreign policy back."?
The wholesale depiction of Russia as the big evil boogieman again is one of the biggest political pretzels in recent times.
Manafort di not know this? Yeah right.
Christopher Wray didn't seem super clear on that point today. 
Had to gasp when FBI Director nominee told Sen Graham a person should call a lawyer. Graham had to be him in a corner bf he said call FBI.
Even tho the poss. New director didn't come up with that logical answer. Need a flow chart of the bad guys on the FBI bathroom wall??
IT'S A GOOD THING RUSSIA ISN'T ACTUALLY AN ADVERSARY SINCE WE AREN'T AT WAR WITH THEM
Absolutely
LOL, yea, except when they give you or your husband a bucket load of cash. HRC wasn't call no cop that's for sure. Ka ching, ka ching.
Impeach the 45th president...
#25thAmendment 
#25thAmmendmentNow
Even a domestic adversary in posession of stolen, say GWB debate preparations... Team Gore called the FBI
That's if you are a decent patriotic American but if you have TREASON running flowing in your veins you won't notify anyone . God Bless 
Corruption goes all the way back to Fred Trump. It's in their DNA. They are incapable of recognizing ethical or moral breaches.
Thank you for reminding us that we arent required to let an 'elected' or not half wit and his hench(wo)/men turn us into a banana republic.
And what was Juniors official campaign position?
That's what I would do!
Unless that campaign person is high quality.
How's that going to work if the head of FBI (being interviewed now) has ties to foreign adversary?
I mean...that seems like common sense. I'm not in politics AT ALL and that would seem a no brainer if I were in that position.
So far the only person with the record of contacting a campaign with such info is a British citizen. No?
Comey already knew. He was just figuring out how to get on TV when the big meeting amounted to nothing.
Where are your complaints regarding Hillary's emsils and Uranium deal?  DEM+MSM+Globalist are colluding to undermine presidential election.
Yea it should be but it's the Trump family , so it's pretty much what to expect  .
So when the DNC met with the Ukrainians in their embassy, why wasn't the FBI called? #CoverUp #DoubleStandards #TrumpWonSuckItUpButtercup
I thought a British publicist contacted trump jr?
@DonaldJTrumpJr ...and Jr, YOU knew this,  but colluded and kept it a secret for over a year!
Everything is now twisted in this post Obama world, what was up is now down, what was down is now up. The fall of an empire
Trump had been receiving help well July, and it was known by more than the "campaign" people, right @SenateMajLdr Paul Ryan @HouseGOP?
No they apparently were nobody. So who you gonna call? GHOSTBUSTERS 
Would this include Americans who contact campaigns in other countries as well?
yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeup. i mean... if you're running for President of the United States, wouldn't one of your concerns be National Security?
You'd think so, right? I disagreed w/Reagan and Bushes on everything but I never questioned their allegiance to US. Cheetolini not so much.

Likewise the DNC should've turned their hacked server to the FBI, not to the Ukraines.
Nope other way around! Also I bet THAT lawyer called her leader which led to Putin
Harris 2020
Not if it helps your fathers campaign. You're on that tea  like a Londoner at high noon.
What if a SECDEF gives Russia 20% of our Uranium in exchange for donations? Who you gonna call then?
Because Russian meeting produced 'nothing' doesn't mean it wasn't illegal. It's still illegal if you rob a bank & didn't get the money.
Well if they are really as efficient,  they should call first.
Why does someone who has met with Russian agents and lied about it still have security clearance?
You are apparently not clear ... except for the party line.  Why don't you put our interests first.  Is that not why you were elected?
Tear Jr, Manafort and Jared new ones! Can you shane the GOP for supporting an insurrection as stated in your Oath? They all should be FIRED!

It's nearly 2hrs since the announcement, yet the GOP is silent and still won't denounce Chump! They are part of the problem to put GOP/USA.
In a functioning democracy, yes; in a burgeoning kleptocracy, no.
I'll just wait for the condemnation or the excuse as to how this is totally different :  http://www.politico.com/story/2017/01/ukraine-sabotage-trump-backfire-233446 …
And we all know why it wasn't
But is it illegal?  Treason? Obstruction? #pleasesayyes
Let's be clear--grifters are comfortable with illegal activity and will never contact law enforcement.
Since when would ANY politician do that?
Or you can obstruct the FBI, then just ask your buddy Sergey if they are legit, since he seems to be around all the time anyhow.
You should tell Hilary that!

Pence should not be allowed to reap  rewards of theft -Trump impeached the whole gang should go. Mueller needs to  Ryan and McConnell too!
#Kamala4Prez
The sad thing is the America I love wouldn't even need to be told this 
Welcome Mam, cosine brother, name is Kishore Ramalingam ( CTS Divisional mgr. in USA) mentally phyco character and doing criminal duty
What I am missing here! I thought Russia was & is our #1 enemy, as of today!
Which is worse...kashdashian clan, no redeeming value vs. rapist trump and his entire empire of traitors...
True americans 'might' put up with infidelity from our leaders but 'never' being a traitor to the country they love...
(NOT).Not if your a dicklicker named trump. This shows our country what money brings you .thats why republicans try to keep the poor (POOR)!
True Americans know, if you are approach by another country about any information on your foe(s) during an election-you contact the FBI...
Absolutely. Very clear. You are the best. Hopefully you can be our Attorney General when the next Democratic President is in the Whitehouse.
Ariana grande, pop singer/donut licker who hates America and americans now rapist trump and his entire family...(2)
Traitors in the 'dirty (white) house'...american traitors: edward snowden, currently residing in one of putin's bunker; (1)
Amen!
Well, I would probably call my wife first...THEN the FBI. 
Good luck with that then I guess Ted Kennedy should be remembered as a traitor as well. What about the Clinton campaign and Ukraine
Guaranteed the first call #DonaldTrumpJr made was too big daddy @POTUS #DonaldJTrump! 

He. Knew. All. About. It. 

#TraitorTrump
Please do not let these #Traitors get away with this. If our system allows maj. party to cover up #Treason then the Constitution is broken
That's where lawyers excel at pointing out that "foreign adversary" in this context is undefined with specificity needed. Too subjective.
Hmm, did DNC & HRC notify FBI re: Ukraine? I suppose they approved mtg @ embassy and info for MSM.
Would you please run for office?  You're already more qualified than anyone in the administration!
I agree Bill.  Especially out of this rabble.
Trump family does not believe in the laws or protocol of America.  The trump family believes unification with an enemy-but not the country.
Don Jr said LOVE IT when he heard they have dirt on Hilary that alone is Treason
So 'I love it' would not be appropriate? Sadly this agent of Putin is also a family friend. Thanks for all you do, Senator.
That's exactly what Al Gore did when offered G.W. Bush's playbook
Call Comey. Are you crazy. Adversary?
Agree!  What's the appropriate protocol when @cnn gives you debate questions?
So much this.
I can't wait for this hearing. Kushners answers ought to be interesting. Also; what will they do to hush you this time? Stay hard sen Harris
@realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr Are you taking notes?  This is not NORMAL!
The Trump family doesn't trust the FBI, CIA, media other than Fox, global warming, vaccines, Congress... but they sure trust Russia
The first call of a patriot would have been.....
Excused it as "basic information," His response is the PROBLEM. "Nothing to tell." No action taken. When he KNEW it was an issue.
