Yet you are for abortion...
#Hypocrite
Did King Obama bring the Climate Change Agreement to Congress to vote on? Hell NO! Is it a binding agreement? NO! Will it cost US jobs? YES!
Let me correct this for you: Obama did not bring it to congress to vote on but it is indeed a binding agreement and it will create more jobs
You turn 7 in the 1st grade. June would be learning sentence structure to create tiny paragraphs. Thanx mom & dad for pretending to b me.
or in 2nd. i could write that in 2nd.
Then U would b an advanced student.
This was not written by a 7yr old.
Tool 2 convince gullible into following false global warming debate.
FAKE NEWS ALERT BEEWOOBEEWOOBEEWOOBEEWOO
Magnetic polar shift probably a better scenario. Climate has always changed and that theory has more credence than man's negligible impact.
Negligible? Where the fuck do you think TRILLIONS of tons of CO2 go???
Does it just dissipate out into space? You think TRILLIONS of tons isn't enough to disrupt the natural carbon cycle? Epitome of ignorance
Let's talk abt the C-cycle. According to your religion, hordes of migrants need to come to the west to stop global warming. -1
What a hypocrisy!
#NOCLUE
Absolutely! We fail our children, and their children, if we don't ACT NOW on Climate Change.
Senator, DT is doing everything he can to destroy POTUS44's accomplishments. Including America's moral compass.
Agreed. Seems to be sole unifying point of everything DT + GOP do: try to erase Obama's accomplishments. Damn the cost in $$ + lives.
51 million abortions in United States since 1970 seems more dangerous to our children then getting out of the  money grab #ParisAccords
June doesnt pay taxes, kickbacks, or bribes; she is of no use to the GOP.
I call bullshit of this one
cannot be done if other countries do not play by the rules
Only thing. Our money. The same  money that started as our personal income, you see as only funds
I see the public indoctrination, er, education system is working well on the minds of seven year olds. #JunkScience
Further what does it harm to reduce carbon footprints?  California is a perfect example of harnessing efficiency in environmental impact.
is an embarrassment to California and the nation.
Still think this is  just "a matter for the #US government" #borisjohnson ? #Election 2017
HOW do we stop him? Stop them?! #AxisOfEvil X infinty
Parenting at its finest. Scaremongering children.
This lil fellow footin the bill and our sovereignty for this globalist money grab for climate hoax? Pleezz.
using children is what you people do.
She probably doesn't even know about the $60grand of national debt per person that you've left her, either.
#kamalaharris #California LEGALIZED child prostitution. OPPOSE #pimp recruiters #WomensMarch #feminists & @lsarsour! 
Hahahahahahahahaha.       Hahaha.
uggggggghhhhh </3
Dear June, tell your Mommy & Daddy to stop buying anything in plastic. And don't use anymore straws. We don't have to wait for them....
We can do better than the poorly thought out Paris agreement. Let's come together and make it happen.
That's a lovely letter Kamala.  I'm sure it means a lot to the tax payers of CA that you took the time to write it out by hand.
My 1st graders report on how lower emissions help reduce air pollution & global warming. Why do 7 year olds know more than @POTUS?
You liberals never cease to amaze me.
I support Trump to withdraw Hoax Paris climate deal to stop taking away our tax money from corrupted politicians.
Governing bodies attempt to change such by seeding the sky's, yet if one watches after a tree is downed there is new growth...it's a lie
Brainwashed kids
Your party is currently out of power. People voted that way to get out of the Paris accord.  It's going to be a long four years for you.
Over 350 youth have signed on to a letter to urge Trump to stay in the #ParisAgreement. Help spread the word:
.@SenKamalaHarris Although true that a 7 year old likely has more wisdom than you NO adult makes desi ions based on a 7 year olds analysis.
Try harder. We are letting down Goldman Sachs and the investors who stand to make tons of money off the American people.
brainwashed, needs urgent help.
stop using kids for political purposes. they have better things to do.
When my son was 7 he wanted a milkshake everyday. Had to say no because it was a bad idea.

Paris Agreement bad for US already $20T in debt.
It's still May ._.
what about debt and what we are leaving kids?
@SenKamalaHarris needs to practice her penmanship....This note she wrote looks like shit...
Give us a goddamn break Kamala
The global warming is terrblè now. Rainfall cant soothe this one.
My son 16yrs old almost cried when I shared the news with him.
You shouldn't have reproduced then
You have horrible hand writing @SenKamalaHarris
Show me a kid who understands political grandstanding and manipulation through dramatic prose and I'll go along with you.
What does 7 year old June think about the renegotiation of NAFTA?
You're goofy.
.@HeyWillieNJ @SenKamalaHarris She is owned by Willie Brown the most corrupt back room politician in California.  Swamp master!
No, this is who youre brainwashing at age 7, to get them to enact your virtue for you. Kid takes dictation well. great vocab for 7. 
Not at all and another attempt at propagandizing an economic issue.  Kamala, disavow socialism. It is a failed and ruinous political scam.
I am a handwriting expert and this letter matches samples I have examined of Senator Kamala Harris's handwriting.
A child who's brainwashed by govt run public ED?
Good thing. He/She/It) surely knows what's on stake. Please tell him to shutdown his playstation and cancel trip to hawaii #childernfirst
the jokes write themselves lmao
What would leftists do if they couldn't use children to further their agenda?.. see also: healthcare, womens rights and LGBTQ
Actually, it represents a complete failure on the part of Congress to address issues via legislation & not deference to executive authority
We in our lifetime will see effects of global warming that make us look back on this with regret. Wonder how our grandkids might feel?
all a big hoax funded with leftist govt grants
This.
Nice use of children in propaganda.
7 year olds believe the lies of liberals.
trump and his sycophants do not care about our children, our poor, our elderly or our planet...shame on america for electing them
*we're* not letting her down, Trump & the @GOP is; that is for certain.
Can we sign state by state?  Tells the world "we the people" know better!  CA 6th largest economy.
Using children as propaganda again I see?
Pls behave responsibly, stop peddling junk science

Judith Curry, top climatologist - NOT man-made

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z4ys2HCq-pw …

#ParisAgreement
I bet your car is filthy.
First, I don't give a frack what 7 years olds think. Two, I also don't believe in the lie of man made climate change since it isn't static
No, you are letting down business and workers. #ParisAgreement is a political answer to science. Bad politics and bad science.
"This is who" our public school system is indoctrinating.  This is the biggest fraud to oppress America and its middle class.
That oaf #Trump probably thinks that IS the Paris Agreement.
Thanks #Trumprussia
She's concerned because of concern trolls like you Kamala telling her what to say.
Sure Kamala, let's troll the children for Political Gain.
Not sure where Trump thinks his grandkids and young son are going to live to avoid the effects of climate change.
Save AMERICA vote Against the GOP and bring back the EPA 2018,2020
Elon Musk is not happy.
Of course not. Global Elite crooks' profit impact big time due to USA stopping participation in #ParisAgreement wealth redist. SCAM!
RIGHT, Sen. Kamala Harris of Oakland,California, in mins your Acknowledgement of my previous tweet. I'm There!! Budget Committee as well
I know. Ist grade vocabulary not:
environment
concerned
global
warming
LOL
June needs to add some punctuation after "environment."
You may expect a world wide reaction: stop buying US goods. Just a matter of time. The real USA should lead the world in Climate Change.
Congress should urge entire science community to offer definitive CAUSAL evidence of climate change. Hypothesis is a guess, NOT science.
Awww that's so heart breaking.
