Trump’s executive order to undermine Obamacare, explained https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/10/12/16458184/trump-obamacare-executive-order-association-health-plans-short-term-insurance?utm_campaign=vox&utm_content=chorus&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter …
Remember, #Obama used the term "junk" insurance to refer to any insurance that was TOO HIGH OF QUALITY TO BE LEGAL UNDER #ACA.
Oh you mean insurance that covered cancer patients & their treatment? Oh no, those people were refused coverage #ACA
why do you hate people who are being turned away from the emergency room?  Why do you hate people who now have to choose between buying food or medicine? #Obamacare #ACA is neither care of affordable.
Btw, you don't seem to care about 16 million people who might well die uninsurable & untreated for cancer #ACA
Death panels.
So you support death panels for cancer patients? #ACA
no, I oppose the death panels, unlike you.
Again I ask, what should be the fate of 16 million cancer patients? Insurance companies won't cover us #ACA
I'm so sorry. Hopefully states will sue the #SOCIOPATH
I think you mean when I could afford your doctor.

Are you saying I'm number one... Thank you
I was in high risk pool for 10 yrs b4 ACA. I paid $1000/mo. + meds for individual. I went thru my & mom's LIFE SAVINGS. She is 76 & works.
I'm so sorry. I just don't understand this country's complete lack of empathy regarding health care.
I don't either. I have brain tumor, scheduled for 7th spinal tap, & brain shunt. My meds are $1000s/mo. Just 1=$1600/mo. I have 2 have care.
Wow. That's awful. Can you apply for Medicaid or temporary disability? I had temporary disability when I first got sick.
I applied for diability but it takes up to 24 mos. With this Admin. who knows? I've worked whole life, got bitten by tick & now use walker
Oh, I see. In my state they have temporary disability that u can get right away. Feel better. Sending u positive thoughts & gentle hugs 
Thank you. Wishing you well. 
AS IF THE ACA WAS GOOD? IT'S BROKEN AND IS IMPLODING.. PEOPLE CANNOT AFFORD IT ANYMORE.. WHO WANTS TO PAY THOUSANDS FOR A CARD THEY CANT USE
So please explain how trumpcare will help you and America
Learn how to pay insurance faster-  Go to the link, watch free trainings, fill the feedback form, and save money
 http://tinyurl.com/eliminsurance 
ACA, with which you assisted in burdening the country, cost American taxpayers $48 billion dollars more to insure 20 million lazy people.
@sourdoughme They pay more because the cost more same with bad drivers that's the way insurance works.
more untrue Dem talking points?  be honest for a change, Senator
I will not be able to afford Ins. 900.00 a month Jan 2018.  Republicans OUT 2018
No doubt. Stand up for us!
DT’s way of dismantling anything that President Barack Obama achieved, purely an obsession with #43 & #44 Barack Obama , DT is a RACIST 
Making America great again...
#bs
Like the movie Rainmaker (Matt Damon) Ins Co (junk cheap policy) wouldnt allow son to have operation. He died waiting for courts to decide.
Prove it !
This will kill people. No pre-exist. kills ppl. No meds kills ppl. Everything in this lousy EO is meant to crash ACA. Garbage policies/r bad
R's have wht they want,back to Status Quo,pre ACA, same w/Guns,& immigration, In other words NOW shut up & move on to Our AGENDA TAXES CUTS
Um...Stop with the fear mongering. It's why you guys lose. Poor CA, if you run for President, the USA will be a JUNK country like CA state
Well, people were "duped" when the #ACA was passed, so?
"...we have to pass the law to see what's in it" <--- @NancyPelosi
Junk insurance?
You mean where you buy your own condoms?
Where you don't have pay for  coverage you don't need or want?
& is AFFORDABLE?
That’s HORRIBLE & DISGUSTING!Why can’t we as American taxpayers demand ALL politicians to have ACA.They are NO better than us! Cut their ins
We are in the midst of a coup. The GOP, VP and many others are complicit. These are not normal times.
Exactly
You are so wrong. Free market will provide the best coverage at the lowest cost. Socialism always fails. Obamacare is over.
Not so, friend. Stop spouting your party's line. Read more. I've lived in two such countries and would NEVER move back to US. #HappyInSweden
I like Sweden, however it is not a good comparison because you only have 8-10 million people.
Ha! More credit to Sweden: fewer people pay in. Also love the NHS (UK); "only" 67m pop. Hubby's quad bypass? Not a penny. #BetterSystems IMO
Stop spending all your time denouncing everything POTUS does.  Be productive do something yourself.
I had great insurance and it didn't cost a fortune because I wasn't paying for everyone else's problems this isn't socialism FYI
No....you have to have that wrong! You must have misunderstood...i heard Trump say this will make everything all better...he promised!
He’s a liar liar pants on fire 
Or...

People will be able to buy what they feel best suits their needs.

The horror!
His hate and jealous off Obama i oray he will destroy himself. U see the Republican already on the track for destruction.
And will lose cost sharing subsidies. Healthcare will become out of reach. Devastating.
It’s fake insurane that he proposes like car warranties that never cover what is wrong
They were not "duped" into buying "junk" insurance. They buy what they feel is right for them not the government telling what is right
This was me B4 ACA. Would not cover pre ex cond so I went 11 months with a tumor, possibly cancer. After surgery doc said NOT A PRE EX COND
"Give the people what they want" they the stupids think they know more let them bury their families so they can own ignorance!!
Democrats have to stop clumping the two together to scare people for their vote. People need to educate themselves and stop believing MSM
Insurance and Medical care are two different entity's. you have to first fix you health care before you can fix your Insurance.
That is no different than anywhere when dealing with Insurance. As a diabetic and a Canadian I'm still covered for medical care in Canada.
Repeal of ACA is a death warrant for my loved one. Although I work full time, I cannot afford to insure his condition. Trump is a murderer.
It got me before. Probably get me again. Heart patient for 29 years.
Thanks, Trump!!!
Then do something. YOU are the lawmaker
They need to have a heart and a broken heart! I am a pre-existing conditionPPMS. Hubby smashed by unlicensed uninsured drunk-spine injury.
tRump’s goal-remove Obama from the . He can’t stand that he followed a black guy, and lost election by 3m to a girl=why he wants her jailed
Sue him!
We need to use the term TRUMP CARE NOW. HE alone is responsible for this sabatoge.
Sounds like you're ready to support single payer!
The MAD HATTER strikes again. Republicans are so proud of Trump
Junk insurance covers ONLY catastrophe over a HI deduct, NO preventative exams, you pay FULL for doc visits, no annual mammograms, nothing.

Any hope that CA, NY have standards that will exclude the junk plans as fraudulent & start a ripple effect?
Tijuana Docs: here we go. #SanDiego #California #ACA
Yawn
Republicans never intended on replacing http://healthcare.Now  that most can't afford it, things will go back to the way it was before ACA.
Yup, welcome to my world.
What can be done?
And with the way they define pre-existing conditions, that’s a lot people getting screwed!
Today it’s now Trumpcare. You break it you bough. End of story.

It's just like a variation of the sub prime mortgage scandal
What have you done today to forward the progress of stopping trump?
Extremely high deductible plans with high premiums are junk. But that's the golden goose that funds the scam, so you pretend they're a value
We have a JUNK president @realDonaldTrump pushing JUNK policy on America. Wake up Congress!!!
As a former insurance regulator, I haven't forgotten the market prior to the ACA. Trump & his minions have infinite ignorance. #TrumpCare
If one can even get coverage w/pre-existing.
Not ma'am...not at all... Obama care was a lie pushed upon the ppl...thank God the ppl are pushing back...
ACA is JUNK insurance

You mean like the example where the former President of the Harvard Law Review talked about the bad auto insurance policy he got duped into?
Ppl who want to take away health care by saying let the market take care of it have no reguard for humanity.
This is all about funding the tax cuts over the dead bodies of Americans.
Junk insurance? like the junk insurance people are getting at the exchanges? You constituents are literally roasting alive and here you are?
Obama should have done it right; he sold out.
Obama was lame duck for 90 months, with Republican Congress.
He never tried. He made a secret backroom deal with industry. Cashing in now.

Repeal without first ratifying replacement guarantees Americans will suffer. Short-sighted Executive action is a heinous disservice to USA.
So sad, many have no idea what is about to occur. It will be a death panel for so many with preexisting conditions.
You're lying......again
You mean people can buy the insurance they want rather than the junk you for us to buy, that we won't use.
@KamalaHarris @keithellison @TomPerez @CoryBooker @RepSwalwell @NancyPelosi WE REALLY NEED A UNIFYING LEADER AMONGST Y’ALL RIGHT NOW!
Angels of Death - US is unique among advanced nations in not guaranteeing basic health care...immoral&unethical...”
I can't afford $400 a month under Obama Care when I was working, part time, I got quote from insurance agent
I've been denied insurance because of pre existing conditions under past Presidents
Trump looking to disband Congressional power...already happening to Dems.
