Cause he doesn't give a figs bum about healthcare. It's about winning. And power.
And, if I didn't know better, I'd say there were consequences he'd have to answer to Trump (or Putin) if this doesn't pass, soon.
This is McConnell. He doesn't give a poo about Trump. Although, his wife's job on the other hand...
I think Mitch McConnell should be worried about karma. It will come back around.
Read a couple things that say he's being looked at for his dealings with Trump and Russia
Man I hope so. I want him gone.
Can't stand McConnell, walking talking waste of skin.
I can't believe this. This has never been this way before. How can they do it now.
I'm shocked they didn't " shush" her...but not shocked that  Mitch McConnell objected. First he steals the Supreme Court pick. now this.
Mitch McConnell.. has to be voted out of office... every day he comes to work he hurts Americans. He hurts the poorest of us.. get him out!
This is the same man who said his number one goal was to make President Obama a one-term president.. how that work out for you Mitch! Lackey
He's on the same personal sociopathic vendetta against All Things Obama with 45, Prez Bannon & assorted WH/@SenateGOP racists & 45 cultists
Exactly it is a sociopathic agenda to wipe away all traces of the Obama presidency as though President Obama never existed, racists!
And then he crawled back into his shell
Yasssss this..roflmao

Shocking.
I have a great deal of respect for Senator Harris, who has to frequently deal with a lot of rude behavior from the republicans.
Oh I do too.  My comment was a joke about Senator McConnell denying her request.
Yeah. He's such a dick. ;)
He certainly is!
This sounds awfully familiar when the GOP asked for the same courtesy when the ACA was adopted. They got a reply of No.
Check your facts. 100+ meetings were held, over the course of a year; Republicans added over 150 amendments prior 2 the passage of the ACA.
Of course he did. He is a back stabbing,underhanded, conniving,immoral,little weasel.
The one who is receiving Russian checks
Please demand, lives are at matter hear.
PREACH!!!
McConnell will vote on anything against Obama! He's clear, cut, and dry! Another one who needs to follow McCain out of the door!
As he will continue to do till either he or the rest of America drops dead.
Is there any way to post a longer video where we can hear @SenateMajLdr 's entire response? TY in advance.
Sucks doesn't it. Hypocrite
Couldn't be more plain what's afoot. Deliberate obfuscation as a means to railroad an unpopular bill
Of course he did.
You beat me to it.
Mitch has made no secret of his obstructionism when Obama was POTUS. Wore it like a badge of honor. He and The lump need to stop whining.
My severely autistic son could lose his medicad He takes meds that keep him from beating his head excessively! They're expensive I'm scared
If it happens, contact the drug manufacturer & see if they have a program to help. They don't publicize the help, but some have assistance.
Hope you interrupted him while he was answering you! #VoteBlue #Kamala2020
And then told him to calm down and stop being hysterical
Yes
How about you and @SenSchumer grow a pair and start withholding consent and shut down the damn Senate?
@SenateMajLdr Such a disgrace. If you cant "get there" using the real rules (Gorsuch) you try changing rules to fit your losing game. Again.
Well, of course he did.
That's about par for the course for you CA. Dems.......
always in a hurry to do things not slow, not fast, but halfassed.
Every time McConnell is mentioned I will post this of him and Elaine Shoe. Just because.
#resist 
YES THEY ARE & THOSE WHO FOLLOW!  Tell me how they're different when instead of guns they aim this rotten, disaster of a bill at our hearts!
McConnell objected? What a surprise
McConnell will lose this battle, but succeed in the next corporate policy deregulation. He wont see that both are bad for him.
Keep fighting Kamala!
I object to McConnell and his cohorts. Absolutely not good for our country
It is a complete travesty that members of our own government are working to harm us. I applaud you and your colleagues for fighting back.
Of course he did.
Note to the wanna be keebler elf Sessions who disrespected you during his test.
What is he afraid of? If there is nothing to hide why object! GOP are weasels. Thank you for fighting for us all.
Trump and his goon quad needs to be locked up ASAP! We have to come together as one and fight for healthcare.
It's time we object to Mitch McConnell.
Senator McConnell objected.
Love you so!! Please run in 2020!!!
McConnell objected.   He is an instrument to Trump's agenda.  Shame on him!
You have to pass to see what's in it. Oh, wait- that was the democraps way of holding a hearing on the Obamacare bill. Sux doesn't it?
GO GIRL!!
Thank you Kamala for all you do. Your dedication to the American people & the Constitution is greatly appreciated! Now, KICK SOME ASS! #ACA
McConnell needs to be sent home. He is too old & been in Congress way  too long. He does not care about the ppl
Because he's a .
Well,  at least that made me laugh.

Okay, that made me laugh too.

I like the idea in this context, but remember that courtesy is essential in the Senate. It was intended to be a body of adults.
@SenateMajLdr has no shame

ALL AMERICANS w common sense should b appauled! I hope ALL FMs know this is NOT a black thing as much as its a loathing 4 women issue.
Throw them all out in 2018. Including Trump, we can deal with Pence, next.
Of course he did. It's not in the GOP's best interest for y'all to actually know what you're voting on. #NotDemocratic #GOP
Can you censure McConnell? Maybe put him in a home for the permanently bewildered? 
Remember, karma's a bitch & she's always in heat!
luv u kamala
Um, gee. Didn't that's what Polosi and the rest of them did? "PASS THE BILL TO FIND OUT WHAT'S IN IT, eh?
Jesus
That's all the ***hole had to do? "I object," and it's dead? Tell me again how this is democratic?
Please keep from fighting to save Democracy
I hope, someday, she has a chance to prosecute him. She's really good at that.
Wouldn't that be something? My girl is such a badass. We can only hope 
This is why Im already launching a campaign against McConnell in KY. He's a deceitful man. Kentucky is better than him #CoxforKY #2020vision
Why are these old white boys so threatened by Senator Kamala Harris.. is it because she's a woman and she's smart that must be it!
She's like Wonder Woman.  Of course they're scared of her.... villains are like that.  Good guys don't react like this.
Exactly
You look like the face of our first female president. I hope so!
I'm glad someone else is thinking that as well.

Plus, you Master Legislator, it's not a BILL yet..please re-take your Rookie Senator test asap.
Mitch McConnell needs to resign!! So sick of this greedy old man!! #GOP is so done
#VoteBlue next election.Get them out!!
Mitch McConnell.., he hurts America and Americans every day he shows up for work he hurts the poorest of us he hurts the weakest of us.
I agree...we need to vote him out!!! #DitchMitch #FlipTheHouse
It starts with everyone that lives in Kentucky.. I almost want to move there so that I can vote against him.
You are right..unfortunetly the state is mostly repubs..they vote party over country
How's that civility thing working out Mr Speaker?
The Speaker is the head of the House of Representatives. McConnell is the Senate Majority Leader.
Very disturbing behavior on #gop part. They come off as bullies.
You say that like they would care. That might have been so in the past, but today's GOP/TP is only concerned with themselves and sponsors.
Senator McConnell, as you call him, is a bad person.
A very bad man.
He must be giddy with power just now.
He failed to fulfill his constitutional obligations. And I bet he has chicklets in his jacket pocket.
He has Charleston Chews in his pocket. Made by poor people.
Does twitter have italics?
mmcan't remember having seen them...
Of course he did.
Who does McConnell answer to? It is time to show him that he owes his allegiance to the citizens of America. He needs to go home
Just turn him over on hus back. By morning it will all be over. #MitchMcMulliganStew
Funny how the Dems pulled that same baloney while passing Obummercare
Not at all. Really need to get the facts. There were hearings, votes & amendments from the Republicans.
“But we have to pass the [health care] bill so that you can find out what’s in it....”   -- Nancy Pelosi
McConnell is a vile, evil little creep
McConnell wants Obama care gone simply because it is part of President Obama's legacy.  #shameful
Please introduce as many amendments to this bill as you can. It is our only hope!
I bet he did1 it's time for the old fart to retire!
I wonder if people with insurance will be able to have GOP Sens charged with rape?
Thank you for speaking out about this atrocity of secrecy!
What a joke the R's are! Thank you Senator for all that you do. Keep it up! #Resist
Just keep fighting Sen Harris for the truth!!!! Humane kindness!! Whatever happen to the 'Golden Rule' -
#McConnellSucks 
#McConnellIsACrook 
#McConnellIsAWeasel
Keep fighting for all Americans!
Thank you Senator keep up the great work.
Please keep pointing out the #Hypocrisy of the #Left. Thank you.
Kamala, you have shown in just a few short months that you are a rising star and leader in the Democratic Party starved of new blood. thanks
Nevertheless, she persisted!
Ths republican traitors... there is no other description 4 the lies &secrecy of this republican party seems like tRump ooze got them all
"There's a big surprise!" - Iago
#AHCA FOLLOW THIS APP.  IT  WILL AUTOMATICALLY PULL UP YOUR REPRESENTATIVES DEMANDING TO HEAR AND SPEAK ON THIS END ON TO HEALTH CARE.
Ex Post Facto. Even if you could get this ridiculous thing past, wouldn't stop this bill. but you got that one zinger on Sessions.
McConnell is the absolute worst of the GOP. A complete partisan hack!
PERSIST!!!!
Can you ask him why he objects?
THANK YOU
did he object to NHNV Act not having been read aloud?
Your pithy stunts are not going to win you loyalty or votes in 2020. Only your policy will, start working on that why don't you?  #DemExit
Yes, stop the GOP!!!
Hopefully you're prepared to go all week.
We need to send in truckloads of electrolytes and energy bars!
What in the hell are these Republican men dealing in secret trying to pull? Things are just so unreal right now. Democracy dying.
@johniadarola - Time to go Mitch !! Go now before the people drag you out onto the street where you belong!!
Somebody needs to get rid nasty old man full of hot air.Hes senial
Of course he did. He is deplorable
You have to pass it to know what's in it

K: Did you ever imagine it would be this bad?
You all signed obamacare exempting yourselves without knowing what was in it. You need to live under the bills & laws you expect us to live
#NoHearingNoVote
Please run for Pres!
Of course he did. That's all he knows how to do, object and change the rules. Garbage!
Of course he did
,Please ck out Ezra Levin thread on filibuster by amendment. Would that work?
#impeachmcconnell
McConnell must be "hysterical"
Who should we call??? You are my senator!
To my neighbors in KY, how can you vote for McConnell?
Thank you for your help. The GOP is robbing US middle class and poor to give rich a tax break!
Once O'Connell is out, things will run smoother as long as T stays out of it. MM has been shameful as US Senator, I feel the same abt Ryan.
As this bill didn't follow Senate rules for a bill to pass, going thru committees, open debate Is it legal? Can we get an injunction?
We the people deserve knowing what these miserable few Republicans are plotting behind our backs. #Sneaky SOB's
Of course he did.
Of course he did
of course he did.. and did he interrupt you and mansplain while he was at it...
Turtle boy can object all he wants. We reject his version of democracy.
Thank you for putting constituents first. Rs  following o'connell to keep their committee assignments. I consider this dereliction of duty.
*McConnell*
He objected to literally everything. He's democracy's biggest obstructor. And also, he looks like a turtle with a turkey wattle.
McConnell is the devil. He will keep healthcare from vets, women, poor & elderly. I don't know how he sleeps at night. Karma, do your thing.
That git is a terrible, terrible little turtle man!
McConnell only cares about party, not people. Oh and wealthy donors of course.
This is not America any more. It's a GOP one party state. #RepublicanSociopaths
Of course he did. Mitch is the single most obstructionist politician in Congress.
McConnell's actions should be considered criminal.
Your past is so colorful, it must be exposed! 
@SenateMajLdr WTF!! 
How can we let more Americans know this
good idea -- it was worth a try!
(Again) Mitch McConnell and the banality of evil. I won't stop tweeting that line until he stops being it.
He's an idiot I can't take that pompous human!
YOU VOTED ON OBABACARE WITHOUT REPUBLICANS INPUT BUT WANT TO PARTICIPATE AND MARK UP THIS BILL? DON'T THINK SO!
@GeorgeTakei 

1) Talk about COLLUSION! And, very SHORT-SIGHTED conspiracy of EVIL! Don't they see 2018 EJECTION coming?!
@SenateMajLdr mcconis pure avarice and greed.
Why don't the Democrats come up with way to save Obamacare? Oh there is no way to save it. Oh ok
Nancy Pelosi says you have to pass the bill first to see what's in it?
But WHY though? What's the point of objecting to fair legislation?
"They should be ashamed - even for Repubs" - my mom (i.e. Just when you think Repubs can't get any worse...) @SenateGOP shame is your name.
#shameisyourname is also what we say to my dog when she's been naughty, altho she's never, ever been this bad - even when she bit me!
I hear you and all Senators will see what is inside before it is voted on, however Obamacare was passed before we saw what was inside.
@SenMajLeader let KY stay at bottom of the barrel in health for DECADES. His incompetence = danger to vulnerable seniors, disabled, poor!
Thank you for being the standup amazing person that you are.
Use the vote-a-rama rule. Have 100's and 100's of amendments ready to all be discussed and voted on when they try 4 reconciliation vote
McConnell is a piece of crap.
This is outrageous.  America is watching & will remember this. @SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @GOP
I believe Politicians or Political Party's who do things in Secrecy will see more violence in AMERICA. Do we need a Civil War?
@SenToomey you are complicit in this fraud and the citizens of PA will remember
Of course he did. Always amazed how much power a guy who was elected by 800K people has over all 300MM of us.
No surprise there. Mitch is a filthy worm.
PERSIST! Senator!
#resist
Nevertheless, he persisted. Mitch McConnell won't listen to anyone except his twisted dying ego.
Of course his evil little turtle self did!
"Turtle" continues to hide in his Senate GOP shell.
#BiglySad
Think about this only 46% of the ppl in KY turned out to vote in 2014. A mere 800k elected a man who now holds the nation hostage 800k ppl
Won't the greedy, russian-supporting, racists just change the rules again?
Tell him Senator!!!!
They have no bill! Just waiting time!
and objected and objected. This whole gang has not an ounce of ethics or morality among them.
Thank you!!
@AllLeftNews #CrookedMitch #Persist to #Resist
We're behind you, Senator! Keep asking, don't let them shut you down.
Of course he did. He is a weasel.
If you lose your job and let it lapse your premiums will go up dramatically.
Of course Yertle McConnell objected. He's not working for the American people, which begs the question of just WHO he is working for #resist
Of course the obstructionist did! #traitorMcConnell
So the GOP are doing what the cried about when dems did it....
Of course he did
Of course McConnell objected.  He cares about Mitch and NO ONE else.  Ashamed he is my senator.  THANK YOU for all you do.
But didn't Nancy Pepsi say we had to vote for it to see what's in it with regard to the ACA?  Why the hypocrisy?
Pelosi
Good work Senator Harris
No sound but typical  he's certainly hiding something
Fucking turtle-necked twatwaffle Mitch "The Bitch" McConnell! Vote this DNA stain out of office!
McConnel is worse than trump, just sayin
So you want to be treated differently?  Your party set the precedence. What goes around comes around in DC.
Unfortunately Mitch McConnell has many levels of Interest, Nothing for "We the People" or his Constituents
Rather it's all about GOP Donors!
Seriously, McConnell. #healthcare
He must obey the Koch brother masters. Ayup.
I don't think the GOP cares what Dems do or do not stand for. They just are obsessed with winning and keeping it white.
We need Kamala in 2020!!!
You are an inspiration to all America , keep up the good fight and God bless you!
Thank you Sen. Harris. Pls fight for us & don't let those old white men silence you! You speak 4me & many others.
WTF is going on????  This is some straight-up bullshit. You Dems better play hard ass hard ball!!!  This is NOT acceptable!!!
It looks like the only way to save democracy is to throw mcconnell in jail.
If there even is a 2018 election. The way it's going, I'm not counting on it.
We the people have a right to know!  #NoHearingNoVote
The problems the Democrats are having is that we didn't get out and vote. We've got to vote in all elections.
