If you're against it, then it MUST be good!
So you believe denying pregnant women and children with disabilities health care? Or deny vets that wind up with debilitating health?
Children with disabilities qualify for medicaid through Social Security. Vets have VA healthcare. Pregnant women ain't my problem.
In this bill, Medicaid will be reduced. And pregnant women's health affects everyone (long term economic crisis). + no girls in family?
Medicaid SHOULD be reduced to only elderly & disabled. To many able-bodied people getting free healthcare. Pregnant woman aren't my problem
Pregnant doesn't mean disabled. I work through my pregnancies and I take care of my kids. Why should I take care of everyone else's?
It's part of the definition of society. We take care of each other. That's why we pay taxes (and property taxes for schools).
Taking care of each other because we want to help others is completely different than being FORCED to pay someone else's way.
Now u listening to what a comedian says...
Did you watch the video? Did you see how all the major health non profits like ACS are against this? That's why she shared.
She did. She signed on to co-sponsor healthcare for all bill.
Single payer? Not working out so well in UK....https://twitter.com/lawyer4laws/status/908842337400492032 …
My hubby is from Canada. He misses the ease of the system so much. Never have to worry about getting sick there
Kimmel should have known he was lying when Cassidy quickly uttered 'Yup' to his question about coverage.
Kimmel is a Moron,surely everyone knows
Graham Cassidy
Go! Jimmy! Go!
It passes the "Collect $400 million from the Koch Bros. for the 2018 mid-terms" test.   The only one that matters to the #GOP
Thank you for fighting for those in California who don't have a voice.
She cares more about Socialistic policies, than she does about the average American.
Prove it
MfA, ACA, PP, are her biggest platforms. All of which are socialist policies. Socialism does not promote economy, it ruins it.
Then explain why every other developed country is able to have socialist programs that are successful, and a strong capitalistic economy?
The US has the higest national debt for a single country in the world, and the 3rd largest population behind China and the EU.
What about the socialistic policies FDR imposed during the Great Depression? Social Security.
Social Security is a program that people have paid into since it's creation. It's used for older people, so they can retire, at 62.
Thank you @jimmykimmel for shining a light on the GC bill.
single payer never does, how much do you pay? what care do you get? are you willing to go any govt plan?
We woulndt be talking about repeal if  the government stayed out of our lives.
Unfortunately,it passes the one that seems to matter most since Jan20 The 'can we mark this as a win for our scorecard' test. #Fight4US !!
It passes the "What is the price of my soul test". Answer: $400 Million.
As a kid that works, do chores get paid or can't go play. In POLITICS, it's called bribery.Do as they say or they don't pay u off GOP WAY
You get the best taxpayer health care.   What do you care.
Just like you didn't read Obamacare before you shoved down our throats and exempting yourself

Such 
2 old white privileged men throwing 32M off of healthcare. Many are low income POC. Call it what it is; the Graham-Cracker bill.
#Harris2020 
It passes the 'let's erase the Obama legacy' test.
#GOP @realDonaldTrump Trumps Actual Plan
That was Obamas lie
@chirprn Ty Jimmy Kimmel using UR platform to speak out!
I need to start watching this show!!!!
How about building an organization around #fantasysports. Worth a look for sure. http://bit.ly/FF_Intro 
Diud you tthe say the same thing about the horrble Obamacare?
This video is so effective and we'll done @JimmyKimmelLive please keep retweeting.  He lays it out really well.  I'm making calls today!
this coming from a guy who's claim to fame is the juggies and girls on trampolines #themanshow
Every republican in congress must own stock in insurance companies/healthcare system! Why against affordable care? Ur profits maybe?!
Sick
Academic failure,HS diploma, maybe. Mental giant, politically & morally devoid of any sense of anything. Great wagon to hitch to. A clown

It's Obvious that. The GOP is willing to misrepresent. THE TRUTH! It Depends on Their Donors. Not Us. @Okema_07 @jupiter896 @SocialPowerOne1
Oh it passes the smell test ..... the "this stinks to high heaven" test!!!
Please listen to Kamala Harris' speech and Kimmel's speech. They are very important
the G-C bill passes my test; therefore, it is good
It's ok to say it, Cassidy lied to his face.
What does this comedian know. Nothing. Just a trump hater like the rest of them. Obamacare. Graham wtf. Fix it that's all
The entire world has become aware of the gangsters in charge. They don't "earn" it anymore, they steal it. Pure greed from the rich. $$$$$$$
I made calls today it's so easy
Really you're listening to a nice show commentator to get your healthcare bill fax from get out of Congress you're worthless
What he isn't telling you. He has private insurance. Not government ran care or the purposed new one. Fearmogering
It passes the "How to murder millions of Americans and pretend their deaths are not your fault" test.
I think @jimmykimmel needs to stick 2 what he knows. States deciding=citizens decide to stay or go. Ie: CA is making it impossible 4 middle
Class to afford 2 live/own a business- so freedom to move! No child that needs a life-saving surgery would be denied because parents cannot
Afford. No1 disagrees w that. How bout covering the 45yo 400lb 2pk a day smoker? We all should pay? Americans DONT WANT HEALTHCARE!
If they cared, they would go to the doctor and he'd advice and instructions and avoid the high cost of care. Jimmy is a propaganda
Artist.. elite hollywood.. who pretends to stand for poor and middle class Americans. But what he is saying is we should all pay for every1
Because again, he can afford it. Just like he sits behind his security gate at his home yet stands for open borders. No concept of reality
This'll impact 32M people and would kill more people than terrorism does.This repeal is an act of terror in a Corporatocracy:fake Democracy
Sure it does + extra credit for most insane/cruel/evil/egotistical bill the GOP ever wrote because they're hellbent on repealing ObamaCare
I don't feel you're helping the debate by echoing the words of a late night comedian madame senator.
Nope. Kamala is an elitist that pushes more taxes and problems of citizens as she sits pretty behind her secure wall of elitism
What test did Obamacare pass? I don't remember any test given or even or what it would be until it was passed!
Oh, but that defense bill is a great use of money. I am disgusted with you.
Guess he is an expert. He is a comedian. Why is his opinion more important than mine?
Repealing ACA fits YOUR agenda. It paves the way for your Medicare for all. What part don't you get?
Neither does MFA or ACA. We need a true vision of health care, not something a politician thinks is best.
Did you really vote for that military influx of funds?
Thank you senator for your sane response to this insane administration.
Right.. it's better to be priced out of O'Care with increasing premiums and a deductible that makes it unaffordable to get sick #fullrepeal
How about every american, including those pesky gov employees have to have the same health care...Bet you and your buddy's change tune then.

Once again, Hollywood should focus on entertainment and not political grandstanding. https://twitter.com/thehill/status/909836681360134149 …

This tweet didn’t age well did it Kam? The Trump Campaign WAS wiretapped before & after the election. Care to apologize? https://twitter.com/senkamalaharris/status/843900117199523840 …
Saw @jimmykimmel displayed the http://senate.gov/general/contacting.htm …
  "You can't just click [like] on this video." A man after my own heart. #noapathy
Please share!
#GrahamCassidy: New name, same dangerous policies, & same message from pediatricians: #KeepKidsCovered (thread ) 
Joe Kennedy III's Eloquent Takedown Of Secret #Trumpcare Bill https://youtu.be/d9zdwFck-7U  via @YouTube #TrumpCare2 might even be worse
Did u really vote yes, first time?
What Cassidy really meant by "JKTest": if you're White, Rich, Male you'll get all the health care you need.
Standing with you.  Tweeting anyone who may listen.   This can't pass
Neither did #Trump pass any test & he is now #POTUS thanks to the archaic #electoralcollege system. But he more than 35 & a citizen of #usa
Our Group is calling this morning,  we are 15 sometimes 13 start at 9:00am to 5:00 pm Pacific time, non stop calling breaking every 20 min.
STARTED YESTERDAY WILL KEEP CALLING UNTIL THE 30TH...LETS MOBILIZE AND MAKE THIS LAST ONE SHOW FORCE OF UNITY NOT DIVISION...CALL CALL CALL
pls explain to me why Collins Murkowski, McCain (and many others) will not simply say : I will vote NO and end this?
Good question where are they?
American Genocide for the offshore accounts of the wealthiest who don't give a rats ass about anyone else yet we continue to pay taxes!
Jimmy Kimmel is just an arm of the left-wing propaganda machine.  State control of healthcare makes perfect sense after failed Obamacare.
So glad that you, an elected US Senator, take advice from a late night talk show host & base your voting decision off of that. Proud of you!
We can’t afford health care bc we spend 700 BILLION with a B on fake wars
They just need incentives.  Constitutional Amendment: Congress gets the same health care as everybody else. https://tinyurl.com/yasd3ofz   RT?
Well done.
To my American friends: good luck protecting your own lives & those of your loved ones. It's unbelievable you are forced to make that choice
It passes the cruel and unusual test very well.  #CassidyGraham
Saying "states will have the opportunity 2 provide care needed 2 citizens"=saying plan will provide ACCESS-IT'S BS! #GrahamCassidyDeathBill
Call them on it.  Constitutional Amendment: Congress gets the same health care as everybody else. https://tinyurl.com/yasd3ofz   Please RT.
Harris 2020
It passes the "Hate Obama Test"  and the "We don't really care about our Constituents test". Fulfills the "Let the eat cake" parameters also
They just need incentives.  Constitutional Amendment: Congress gets the same health care as everybody else. https://tinyurl.com/yasd3ofz   RT?
Once again Republican Fear Book factor that Single payer Sen Sanders will be Goverment Telling you what Doctor & Services Workers pay Tax $
It passes the "How hard can we screw Americans?" test.
Yes jus t now 59 secs ago TRUTHFULLY,  your tweet video (notification) @SenKamalaHarris, Jimmy Kimmel; (Family) more
11:30am @CSPAN 2 Local Immigration Policy, FORUM; @SenKamalaHarris,Watching Now
TRUMP Has Backed Jimmy Kimmel into A Corner of His Office Where Those Howard Stern Audio Cassettes Are Hidden. ..Maybe It's About Time LOL
Can't wait to see the sex tape
Obstruct. Keep up the narrative.
Destruct. Mutual imperative.  Constitutional Amendment: Congress gets the same health care as everybody else.
Please don't think like this. It COULD pass. We have to do everything we can to make sure it doesn't.
It passes the Hunger Games test pitting States against each other...
Except in Capitalist America, Congress works for you.  Constitutional Amendment: they get same care as everybody.
I think the capitalist swamp likes socialism, but only amongst themselves. Everyone else can go to hell. #GrahamCassidy #RESIST
So send them there first.  Constitutional Amendment: Congress gets the same health care as everybody else.
