22 million more Americans would be uninsured over the next decade including 15 million Americans next year under the bill.
The Republican health care bill will make premiums to go up an average of 20 percent next year and will cause coverage to be worse.
This bill cuts $772 billion from Medicaid programs that, among other things, help seniors pay for nursing home care.
The Republican health care bill causes millions of Americans with insurance coverage through their employer to lose coverage.
All the while, the Republican health care bill gives insurance companies & the top 1% tax breaks.
This bill is downright immoral. We must reject it & pursue meaningful, bipartisan improvements to our health care system.
This administration is so desperate to pass anything so they give the impression of winning even if it costs those that voted for them.  Sad
The Republicans, Trump and Vladimir Putin are one! How about those election riggers!
GOP representatives will say the score is wrong. They R trying 2 get 2 elections in before the full impact hits all of their supporters.
Those who don't lose their coverage right away will agree with their reps until it is 2 late. W Virginia & Alaska republicans PAY ATTENTION!
I'm still gonna die because I'm not taking "personal responsibility" for being born with a genetic disorder?
It's just completely shameful what this country's leaders have become. We have to fight them. #ImpeachTrump
I can't vote it away. My senators are McConnell, who loves this, and Paul, who hates it but only because it doesn't kill me fast enough.
We have to fight! Call your Senators and oppose this immoral healthcare bill.
Politicians should get the same Health Care that they vote for the rest of us. If we don't have Health Care They don't have it either.
The CBO says that there will be a $71 billion increase in Medicaid programs. DEMs cry that Medicaid is getting cut! $71 B increase not a cut
Look up the CBO scoring on ACA,,,there were way off on everything
Beyond #HealthcareBill cost in human suffering, it WILL cost #jobs,impede #productivity, increase #debt/#bankruptcy. Insidious drain on #GDP
I am so happy for All people no most Assurance health care also thanks so much Sir Harris
just awful! even unconstitutional, it does not "promote the general welfare"
Please explain this bill. What is better about getting ACHA besides not requiring to get insurance?
These changes are for no other reason than to undo what President Obama did while in office. 
Thank you for this great summary, Sen Harris.
Cbo has bad accuracy record. As do u judging from ur tweets.
You know Kamala, I admire your tenacity with these guys.  But how do you translate your message into action? Seems Dems have no real plan.
@deedeesSay
eeeeeewwwwwwwwww
@realDonaldTrump make the government use the same healthcare that gets passed and give up all their perks
We can read! We don't need your interpretation of it. 30% savings on premiums. 23 mil less covered in 2026 (we'll see). Miss anything???
.@ScienceNfacts it's literally anyone who isn't rich genocide. PWD, elderly, kids, low and middle income people.
I'm not co-opting POC victimhood, I'm saying this bill doesn't just target POC, it targets everyone that isn't rich.
White privilege isn't going to save anyone from this legislation. I'm done talking with you. Way to further divide an already divided party.
That means that the GOP wants to create a new life form called "homo richus". "Homo poorus" will become extinct eventually.
 it's NOT a healthcare bill . . . it's a windfall for the wealthy
Senator:  To what degree is the @DNC willing to depart from previously accepted political norms to effect change and defeat the evil in DC?
#MedicaidMatters
Waiting to see you push 4 that Public Option if & when this tax cut fails.Since you R not in favor of #SinglePayer.Time to take a stand Sen.
If anything close to this bill passes into law, Americans should vote out the reps who vote for it. Do not accept bad representation.
But you forgot to tell your minions "THEY'RE ALL GONNA DIE!!" Like the crazy Pelosi did
Go MAGA somewhere you're appreciated.
ThTs pretty much everywhere, except the wacky left. Winning much Kelli? 
The American people do not deserve to be held captive by the government over healthcare. It's that simple
And @KamalaHarris kamalwhat have you done.besides complain

What nothing/home/jail
Vote your #criminal party home or prison or institution
SPELL it out to us,"LAY PEOPLE "less fortunate" UN LIKE ARE SMART(TRUMP)SPELL OUT EVERY fact figureto EVERY American&What it MEANS
#WitholdConsent and #FilibusterByAmendment
And they were right on with Obummacare, huh? Fraud.
OMG says a troll/bot who is posting BS linking vaccines to autism on her page! Blocked!!
If USA goes back to that system it is cruel.
Where I live there are no questions asked and this country provides care no questions asked
And you live where exactly and how did you get a job?
I wanted to be with my love but this keeps us apart. Even though it was the surgeon fault my COBRA lapsed in 2002 and no one would help me
Let's focus on kicking #trump out too
Kamala for President!
So do the elderly in homes just get tossed out?  Wtf
I thought maybe to move back to the US 
I have good Care and it costs about $1500 for me here with a disability caused by surgeons in USA
1500 a year
Since there are currently 28 million uninsured under the ACA & being uninsured is a problem, where is the Democratic bill to address this?
And they were spot on with this one......https://www.cbo.gov/sites/default/files/111th-congress-2009-2010/costestimate/amendreconprop.pdf …
What's the plan to stop #TrumpCare? Please reach out to the moderate GOP senators, confirm votes/positions, & make a plan 2 improve ACA.
Doesn't matter Republicans/whites will do what they want screw everyone else.. Its been  proven time and times again.....
Wait a minute. I'm white, this bill screws me over too and I've never voted for anything to screw over POC, elderly, poor, disabled or kids.
GOP= DEATH PANEL
This bill is a death knell for a lot of people.
Please keep voicing your opposition.  I wish NC had Senate representation like you instead of our special interest lackey, @SenatorBurr
You're pathetic.
That it will lower premiums 30% by 2020?!?
OUR President can be whatever he wants for the next 4yrs. See that's how elections work in USA.  #gohugaterrorist #MAGA
BREAKING NEWS: #MitchMcConnell  #Obama & a #Trumpster explain #Trumpcare.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2UkkTJ9vHA8 …
#ACHA #satire #ACA #Obamacare
i read somewhere after 2025 there will be more uninsured (in addition to the 22 million being quoted), is this true, if so, how much more?
Must read thread. Thank you @SenKamalaHarris

my 6 year old grandson will be kicked off his medical insurance and parents unable to pay for it.  He has epilepsy. Life threatening.
Why doesn't California lead by example? Senator, I know it's out of your purview, but I'd like you to support single payer in California
YES!  Single payer for CA. I've been tweeting, calling and faxing all my CA reps.
I saw a report that CA tried to calculate the cost, and concluded it wasn't do-able. Was bull, because they cal'd. the tax collect. wrong.
Acknowledged; In the seconds, Sen. Kamala Harris, , TRUTH ; your tweet post.
We better not get sick, or else have our lives ruined by massive debt from being uninsured.
Yeah, go VEGAN and move into the gym
That doesn't stop cancer. Or car accidents. Or type 1 diabetes. Or autoimmune diseases, etc
In a time where you get complete medical coverage in Jail and your congressional rep is failing you.    Seems like a recipe for change.
Yeah tell me about. I actually called and emailed NC reps over the weekend.
It's a piss poor attempt at a tax cut?
Thank you for your service senator Harris.
