The rich get richer, the poor die. @GOP does not care. #truth
Plus while I worked SS came out of my pay check every week. Its not a charity from our Govt. How can they take it away?
Do you, @SenKamalaHarris live with ACA insurance, or the good insurance We The People pay for you?

Take is the word. I hope the GOP takers are losers in the next election
Mean while nobody keeps insurance companies and drug companies in check as they raise costs so CEOs still get a fat bonus. NOBODY!
That's exactly right

It's funny how you talk down to Americans. We are more alert than you think.
PROVE IT and who you should be talking to is President Trump on national TV and during the debate HE degraded DEMEANED he was vulgar U DID 0

Excellent point! GOP are masters at hiding ugly things with pretty words. We need to use stronger, more accurate words to expose the truth
You mean like robbing Medicare of $716 billion? Oops that was the democrats & paid off Insurance and drug companies.
you still parroting that lie after 7 years? Go on, tell me how the GOP are the defenders of Medicare. That's grade A bullshit.
Briefly thought you were replying to me Can't see the comment,must be a muted troll. Seeing a lot of old debunked lies lately. Desperation?
yes it was a troll claiming dems gut Medicare to pass the ACA
Oh good grief. I've come to believe that they're all either bots or paid propagandists. (And based on the stale material, over paid ones.)
The new liberal hole
I have a stalker! Kevin stop!  I see you! 
Lock her up
If it's not purchases by you, it doesn't belong to you!
True that! #universalhealthcare
With no help from the Democrats.. Shocker there huh. No Democrat wants to help.. But that's ok America see how shitty the Dems are being
Here here, amen cousin. You said it
Who declared you the arbiter of property & rights? Health care is a service. Get out of the people's way so they can have unfettered access!
No it isn't it's a human right dude
Great point, @SenKamalaHarris You can lose your keys or lose your way, but when UR health care vanishes, you've been robbed. #StopHealthCare
If u will lose it, it wasnt yours to begin with. Earn it. 
#Freemarkethealthcare 
#Repealdontreplace
Thing's might go a bit better with the healthcare bill.. But you are all on your high horse and think you can blame this on Republicans
Are you freaking kidding me?? Republicans are not taking your healthcare. Maybe if you Democrats would get off your ass and give a bit
To be fair it's so they can give rich people more money. So what's the big deal? I'm sure there will be trickle down health.
"The aura of wellness be with you"
- Trump health panel
Senator Harris telling it like it is.
When in fact it was Obama that pushed this shitty healthcare bill thru and knew it sucked.. So now Republicans are trying to fix it
The repubs not taking anything away from anyone. You &the dems forced people to buy something they didn't want.Stop the socialist mantra!
You should say "Republicans are taking $785B from YOUR health care and giving that $785B to the WEALTHY in tax cuts"!
#WealthCare
ObamaCare took healthcare away from millions, & their doctors & their ins plans & their money by force! #TheftByDemocrat  #FullRepeal
https://twitter.com/KevinNR/status/881929874562273280 …
the Government is just taking back what it gave them under Obama.
Exactly RIGHT THEIR GREED HAS GUTTED THEIR conscience there is no longer any Humanity THEY R Cowards WHO USED r children to fight their Wars
#Freemarkethealthcare 
#Repealdontreplace

Not taking it fool, giving people options. Good spin though
No their not!

And come election time the Dems will lose again.. No message No leadership and No Class....
#GOP wants to gut Medicaid, that's their central issue. He can't stand that former Pres. Obama is widely respected, that's #Trump 's issue
Racism is CORNERSTONE of MAGA.Erasing BO's legacy of success is their mandate.Cherry?Get richer&hurt
#25thAmendmentNow

Exactly!
Part of the liberal big lie that government can somehow protect you from every bad thing that can happen to you.
THEFT-

it is a FELONIOUS THEFT

on a national scale-

DEPRAVITY.
#STOPtrumpedcare

#repairACA
They are going to take far more than their healthcare with this legislation.
It is a robbery by @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
Perhaps we need to also say... many people will lose their lives. Frankly, I'd like to see lawsuits for negligence and wrongful death.
Wanna throw your weight behind SB562 to get some real funding for it? If not just keep tweeting truism I guess
Words are important.
What do you tell those whose insurance is so costly now it is unusable?  If they didn't have it before ACA, it's not being taken away.
YES! Change the messaging! Keep repeating it! Make it sink in!
"22M will have healthcare taken away by the Republicans!".
Thank you for fighting for US.
EXACTLY
But repubs think if you can't afford the ins. & can't buy any that's NOT taking it away. Seriously I just saw Budget Dir say it!
OY!
https://www.democracynow.org/2017/6/29/republicans_have_trifecta_control_of_25 …

All part of the plan to deconstruct democracy Senator
Go Girl!
Why can't a new plan just provide subsedies to existing insurance companies? U take the subsidy? U also now need to accept a,b,c rules. WIN!
Important framing! Can the Dems make all of their messaging about GOP taking away and Dems fighting to restore & expand, please?
I can't wait to canvas for you in South Carolina in 2020
I would add, it's not just being taken, it's being stolen. It's a planned heist behind closed doors to repay their corporate masters.
Den Kamala Harris is 100% correct. Big difference between losing & taking.
Sen Harris could you please list pro and con of this plan. You know a comparison list
More than care stolen from Disabled Americans. Lives & Liberty! Our wheelchairs. Our help to eat, bathe and use the toilet! #ADAPTandRESIST
This is the government of Take Away
 Well said. @GOP are deplorable, with 3 @ssholes leading them. #Harris2020 Thank You for all you do! 
Stealing Healthcare to get unneeded tax break...
How about, "they will take your health care away from you with this bill."
Please don't let this happen.
#GOP,..

Nazis had more sympathy.
They offered a nice #Shower.
#TrumpCare #White#genocide.
We should stop saying folks are going to “lose their health care,” because what I see happening is the Republicans are taking it from them. 
Go Kamala
Sure! We know right where it's going. @GOP Patrons pockets. Transfer of health into wealth. Clear case of simple greed.
Thank u Senator.Exactly right.Us older people have paid in 2 Medicare,disability,SS,all r lives.Stealing from us,is accurate.
You are correct
Also individual liberty hello
Can anyone or any group stop this? I will die, seriously, if I don't have insurance. I already can barely afford my insurance now.
"Stop taking my stuff!"
Good job Kamala!!!
Join us marching for impeachment of Donald Trump July 2 in SF!!
Hey @SenateGOP  #DontTakeMyHealthcare  #LeaveMyHCalone  
#SaveOurCare 
#SaveDiabeticCare 
But, but Paul Ryan says they just won't buy what they don't want!
Right!! I didn't "lose" my dad...He straight up died because he didn't get health care early enough.
The number of US Citz who will lose their health care equates to the population of Australia less the surplus of Clinton over Trump voters.
@barriecassidy Thort this an interesting statistic.
You're just a Senator who is stealing money from constituents & acting like she doesn't . Obamacare has hurt us all, & you do nothing!
Yeah, "lose" is not the operative word. Rather, they will TAKE our health care away in order to give tax cuts to the rich.
Fake news.
Kamala, how many lives could be saved if Congress (you) eliminated the $50 Billion Dollars of Medicare/Medicaid fraud that occurs EVERY year
Get your hands off my stuff!!! 
Dems need to stop being so politically correct,stop being victims stand up &hand it right back to them & STRONGER,BIDENLY!!
support single payer
Yes! As Oscar Wilde's Lady Bracknell would say, to "lose" one's health care "looks like carelessness." Semantics does matter!! Thanks.
Why don't u talk 2 ur fellow CA Democrats like @Rendon63rd @JerryBrownGov @SenFeinstein @NancyPelosi  2 pass #SB562 #SinglePayerNow?
I just love you!
I agree with that rephrasing!
This is like out of Mad Max movie
Yep 
anybody who loses their insurance should have their bills forwarded to Donald Trump care of the White House
Right. The GOP is stealing our healthcare with the aim of murdering Americans
Yes...speak only in VICTORY
Good point.  Keep it going Senator.  Your persistence is admirable. I hope you break through. This feels like a brick wall, no pun.
Why doesn't media start calling this bill 4what it is? The euthanization of Americans bill. The death panels be jumping in this motherf'er.
Actually, the states that refused to expand coverage under the ACA...are losing people their coverage.
Yep....and whatever is left is choked by Republicans destabization of the insurance companies.
"David Bolten" is a troll account just started...he hasn't tweeted anything and is already following 75 public figures to troll through.
Yes, Ma'am!
Excellent point on the subject, it is being taken!
Repubs have no choice but to deal w imploding dem ACA. Was designed to fail & it is. 
Preach!!
Well what happens is Obamacare is such a big failure that can't be fix .. as everything that Obama did:mess up everything,he was great at it
You're absolutely right, Senator.
Absolutely!
Human Wonder Woman  #KAMALA !
Right on, Senator. An astute distinction.
Take it while giving Super Rich tax cuts! Killing Americans to satisfy rich.
Amen Senator Harris!!!!
It just may be the gops last evil act. #ChoicesHaveConsequences
The GOP AHCA is an outright theft of the nation's health. It needs to be stopped in its tracks.
What is the ppl of the UNITED STATES going to do? I say we all go out 2the WH, surround it and camp until they give up. Noone out, noone in.
Plenty of people don't have health care with the ACA. Do you care about those people or don't they matter. #SinglePayer
Yasss!!  Words have power.
Stay badass!!!  You are speaking the truth
Truth and why can't we have the same healthcare as our legislatures.
This is not about Health Care it's about Health Insurance and you've never been concerned about the people that can't afford O care
wish we govt. healthcare like you. Maybe if you asked people outside of LA and DC you would learn the truth. Also, why are so many on medica
You really like to scare people and stir the pot.
Republicans better start thinking abt a fix to stop hemorrahaging of ACA that they hav caused, 2018 is Closer than u THINK & VOTERS r PISSED
Amen!!!
OMG! Will ANYBODY Listen?!?
The American HEALTH Act! #AHA! REV 1 
Letting our INDULGENCES Keep America HEALTHY!
Oh, in case U MISSED THIS!
We both drink, V smokes both pot and cigarettes. And we'd both gladly pay a luxury tax.
i agree republicans are taking away my healthcare!!! because they are losers!
I guess folks don't mean you Kamala!
The only way to pass new healthcare: repeal and enhance....a lot....and quickly
And so by taking it against peoples will, is this not theft Kamala?
You are awesome Senator Kamala Harris!
Clinton/Harris 2020
Good point.  Shout it from the hilltops. Or Congress steps.  Lincoln Memorial works too
Republicans are stealing healthcare from people.
It's not lost if you know exactly where it is.....Tax cuts.
Call the members of the #Gangof13 and tell them that we will kick all of them OUT in #2018
no doubt...
Of course she did. http://madworldnews.com/kamala-harris-81k-baby-killers/ …
Lmfao!!! 
"Mad world news"
I'm crying, that's so pathetic

"BLESS YOUR HEART!"
Together, TRUTH; Sen. Kamala Harris,
How can GOP call CBO liars on Twitter?
They are saying people won't lose coverage.
How are they getting away with this?
Without the tax penalty, many will leave voluntarily without being punished.Without the employer mandate, more jobs will be added to bizzes
Absolutely!
God damn your tweets boring
You are absolutely correct. Thank you for clarifying this item, Repub. need to own up to this.
I know. Noone is losing it. It is being taken away. Even under obamacare bits not imploding on its own. Its being forced to collapse.
YES!!! republicans are taking away our health care
Thank you for staying on message.  Healthcare and Russian interference in our elections should be primary focus.
It appears U R not referring to Ocare, which is what U R actually saving. NO ONE wants 2 rid of healthcare. REPEAL so we have morechoices.
Yassssss Senator, YASSSSS.
Lies
old white men in general ...smh... I feel for all the young folks...
Stop taking our health care majority of republicans
Why did Cal vote down single payer? I'm sorry, made it so there can't even be a vote on single payer*

You really quote and believe the liar that said "if you like your Dr you can keep your Dr & if you like your insurance you can keep your in"
Senator, Get government out of the insurance business.  You want health care? Control medical costs, not insurance access.
girl preach
Excellent point. Words still matter, and you are correct. Taken, not lost.
Why are other nations able to provide a basic level of med care to their citizens yet the US is not?
Because we as a country don't believe every citizen has a right to healthcare and we would rather spend money on the military.
Yeah, let's focus on more guns, more military, more money. War War War! Fucking #Trumpsters
Yes, Republicans causing the result.
There's a difference between losing your health and someone deliberately doing something to keep you unhealthy or make you unhealthy.
Dems need a plan
She's  just getting  started.   Look   out  here  she  comes.
Amen!
Whatever happened to being persistent, passionate and persuasive? The Republicans ain't talking nothing unless we let them 
Thank You!  In the age of Fox News that is exactly how simply stated it needs to be!  Republicans are taking it from you!!
Agreed! Words are important. Let's use them to tell the real story.
You should work for CNN… you would fit right in…

#SenateGOP, #HouseGOP, & #POTUS MUST be forced to ONLY have #AHCA for THEIR health insurance! They say its SO good! #ProtectOurCare #Resist
In order to take something from someone, that person wld have to own it
Hard hearted
In order to give their campaign supporters tax cuts.  The clear Ethical conflict should be a legal issue.
It's wealth care. Not health care.  Call it what it is.
The GOP is the new Taker State. And Oklahoma too. @GovMaryFallin is a poorly spoken hypocrite.
Yes and constantly diminishing Americans quality of life for the 1% benefit
#Deathcare is a death sentence
You are Fake News!! Why are you lying to people?
Sounds more like theft to me.
