Blocked from White House media briefing

· CNN
· NY Times…
OUTRAGEOUS!
What is congress doing about this? How can this happen without consequence? What are you doing to stop this dictator?
@ddiamond 3 of the biggest lying hacks around. Cry me a river. Hahaha!!
Hitler did the same thing and look how successful he was! Anybody else scared yet?
But it's threatening to our rising fascism.
@lestergas 
Press is a mirror. Reflects one honestly. Don't like your image? Trumps answer is "BREAK THE MIRROR!
When they start reporting the news correctly, they'll be back in. Sick of their BS and yours too.
wow! You look like a dod
This President must be held to account.
a free press does NOT guarantee access to anything or anyone
outrageous while Paul Ryan crows over tax reform and disregards all impropriety
oh no!! took out subscription to NYTimes but didnt know LA Times was banned 2...will get LA times 2..lots o'Sunday papers!
: free democracy is redundant . Get a writer ; we are embarrassed !
I totally agree!
this how totalitarian states behave not democracies.
@ddiamond . Block the light. So truth becomes lies and lies become truth. Days of deception.
THEN GO WITH THE MEDIA AND OPENLY ESPRESS THE VIEWS FROM PEOPLE IN CALIFORNIA
Trump should be impeached immediately. He is a danger to the entire world now. And this has gone far enough.
How will the Senate respond to press access being limited by the WH?
free press YES!  Not reporting the facts,  being biased & disrespectful NO!
????
An honest Press is more important. Who is the check and balance on the Press and their partial truths and bias reporting?
CALIFORNIA IS AGAINST RACIAL PROFILING, WANTS ANSWERS ON #russiagate,and a new INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION.
press must stand as one.
Sadly some of the Trumpsters see this as alright?
@ddiamond A Free Press does not mean you can consistently lie, even though your party is fond of that.
@DickDurbin So what are you guys going to do about this? Surely a corrupt Cong. majority can't ignore violating the Const.
I fear it's just a distraction. Make the media the story. Distracts them from FBI & obstruction of justice.
This is inexcusable and unpatriotic. ALL REAL news outlets should BOYCOTT Spicer's alternative press briefings.
this administration is falling apart in front of our eyes. Trying to dismantle our constitution!
Gump/Bannon Admin Don't Care! They also know there's Nothing we can do about it! Gump said "He Can Do Anythng He Wants!!
@ddiamond  the right wing doesn't like democracy. They want an America that is not a democracy.  Hence hating the press.
why doesn't the entire media boycott?
shameful.
“Breitbart”.  Isn’t that “RT America”?  Soon to be running  United States State Television?
when is someone going to stop this, I trust the press and this is very upsetting.
THEN DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT PLEASE! We need to put an end to this "War" on journalism!
@ddiamond That means you're doing your job and scaring the pants off this corrupt administration @cnn @nytimes #PressOn!
it was a gaggle in his office, not the normal briefing and other news outlets were there. Tell the whole truth!
how will you help ensure the free press continues to be able to report? I have subscribed to @nytimes.
An free unencumbered press is REQUIRED by the Constitution. What WH is doing is UN-Constitutional!
where are we Communist China? #ResistTrump #wtf
@ClaudiaNichols sounds very much like the Nixon situation
.@wethepeople611 @SenKamalaHarris Far worse. #Rosneft #NATO
Thank God, the American people are sick of their fake news.
This has gone too far.  I knew POTUS and his gang were unscrupulous....but this is an outrage and he needs to be stopped.
please do whatever you can to stop this attack on our democracy. This is a very frightening action by the White House
This is a violation of the Constitution. It's not kindergarten.
@CNN @nytimes @latimes Is it time to go to court re: "Fake News" claims & lack of access? Freedom of the Press is #1, scary
Agreed but what do Cowards Congressional Democrats do about it?! Just talking and tweeting?!
@cathleendecker is press conference not a infomercial
Protect our freedom Rise up
just goes to show what cowards they are. They are afraid of the truth because it shines light on their evil deeds
how is this legal???
I’m a Californian. Keep supporting our constitution and an independent investigation re Russia, emoluments.
Yep - it is.
Why don't u have a chat with the guys who checked ID on passengers debarking a domestic flight? Sound like freedom 2 u?
I bet you FOX News and Breitbart are present.
they aren't in any way democratic. #ittybittyhandeddictator
How is this happening without consequence?
where is the line?? How much is is going to take for Republicans to stand up?
What's not essential is for any real news outlet to spend one more minute listening to Spicer's nonsense
.@SenKamalaHarris The first amendment appears to be under siege by this admin. I am your constituent. I am scared. What can I do?
I guess this is trump doing what he said this morning and fixing the press
Bannon's finger prints all over this.
Senator Harris - this is intolerable.  We must respond to this as a nation.
@PattyMurray @SenatorCantwell: UNACCEPTABLE!!! They are paid tax-payer money; therefore, they work for the American people!
: If 45 is allowed to continue such behavior I predict a civil war brewing, and if this
: happens, America loses and what ashame that would be.
this is outrageous. No justice from the WH.
and LA Times. And Breitbart gets in!!! Outrageous suppression of the press.
@3310jj yes it is! This is not a good sign of things to come!
I agree! Is there anything we can do to ensure press access for our countries best journalists?
good thing out press is free nothing wrong has been done
True, but a dishonest press is not good for democracy as it alters perception of reality. Truthful press is a necessity.
Define dishonest? Not saying anything against 45?
I wish Obama had blocked Fox those 8 years! And declared them an enemy of the state (which they were) Barack way too classy
