Today, I’m featuring the beautiful San Gabriel Mountains National Monument. A rare place to get away in Los Angeles, it must be protected.
We need to tell Trump to keep his kleptocratic hands off of our National Monuments. Our public lands are not yours to steal @realDonaldTrump
Let Trump know that by commenting here: https://www.regulations.gov/comment?D=DOI-2017-0002-0001 …
Your efforts will be better used protecting our constitution. You swore an oath to protect the constitution didn't you? Start with the 2A.
Is 2A under attack? I mean supposedly for 8 years obama was taking your guns but that didn't happen.
Try being a gun owner in California. Our 2A rights have been destroyed. I wish you knew what was really going on.
I have a friend that moved for GA to CA. He got to keep his guns and no one came banging. He was worried about it though.
Well that doesn't make you right. It only makes your friend suspect.
He registered them and took the test required. All were legal.
So what?  So you friend owns some older style guns. Try buying a modern AR style rifle or a new model handgun.
How are they under "threat"? I don't understand
Trump & GOP aim to privatize OUR federal public lands owned by you, me, & all American citizens.
Owned by us or the government? 2 different things. Privately owned means owned by us government owned means owned by them. Maybe we disagree
Owned by govt = owned by we the people.
Grand Canyon, Yellowstone, Yosemite, etc federal public land owned by all American citizens.
Owned by us on paper but who controls them? Obama administration seemed to put fences up around them when the government shut down
Fed publicland managed by govt for multi uses, from wilderness to drilling leases. If privatized, which is GOP goal, public loses ALL access
Last ok up GOP party platform. Included 'disposal' of fed public land. If you support that, you support agenda of billionaires. We all lose.
hysteria
Do U hike hunt camp fish backpack travel ski climb bike ... on federal public lands? If so learn about political moves to privatize OUR land
I'm just saying, pinning it on trump. Everything negative spinning thing, trump trump trump lol its all these people have in their playbook
issue is more of a GOP thing than Trump. Part of their platform. Trump did say last year in field&stream interview he supts fed public land
I this national monument review is a toll back on what he said in that interview. WE the American people own those monuments.
If they shrink or rescind them it is a loss to all of us. Hunting, hiking, visiting NAT parks, sight seeing... republicans & democrats enjoy
why would it be so drastic? He says he wants to preserve nature...I'm confused on the debate...
When u lie u tell big lies. Just like a good communist.
Please run for higher office, Senator. We need you and we'll make the signs!
Seconded.
Just like in NOLA, monuments are comin' down! #TakeEmDownCali
Someone tweeted that the Administration is considering drilling requests on the Grand Canyon. There are many ways to destroy America.
Over my dead body will these morons touch the Grand Canyon!!!
Wonder if Trump Tribe has ever even seen any of these.
Love you Kamala..please run in 2020

#kamala2020
Mrs. President someday? Please
Revolting...in every sense! trump forgot who's his employer just like he forgot where his limo was (parked outside door of airplane)
Supporting California from Connecticut we have to all stick together because we are in jeopardy not just one state but all states
Stop blaming Trump you guys have been running the state for years. It's an easy out to blame him.
Yes with all the Russia talk which is also important this must not get overlooked
You Go Girl. That's what Cali needs. Another self loathing redirect. MB a statue of yourself in greatness posture is now due us? Let us know
We need to tell Trump to keep his kleptocratic hands off of our National Monuments. Our public lands are not yours to steal @realDonaldTrump
Comment here: https://www.regulations.gov/comment?D=DOI-2017-0002-0001 …
Done. Thanks for the link.
Let California protect them!!! Why do the Feds have to do it? Use Ca taxpayer money and pay to protect it yourself!!!!
What does Trump call national parks? MONEY...where do we the people stand???
Here: https://www.regulations.gov/comment?D=DOI-2017-0002-0001 …
Thank you for the link and I just made a comment
Seriously? How about focusing and sticking to a point? Monuments? There is a wall representative of our failure already. Take care of people
What?
Is the Crazy Horse monument under threat too?  I know it's not in CA but it's still a very significance monument for natives.
Interior dept list here: https://www.doi.gov/pressreleases/interior-department-releases-list-monuments-under-review-announces-first-ever-formal … Bears Ears in Utah very significant Native area.
Fight @SecretaryZinke attacks on our monuments. Zinke works for us. We need public hearings and @SecretaryZinke Grilled and Removed.
Come to Memphis and see what your people have done to our monuments! Help the poor and children and forget about monuments
@SenKamalaHarris  is a great follow if you want to truly see how a leader represents their constituency. Inspiring.
@Mauigirl52 Kamala Harris is a sellout, a bigot, and a phony who does nothing for her state. It whine
Thank you.
Good news.  Thank you!  We cherish each and every one!
That guy has no integrity, dignity or respect for nature and it's inhabitants.
Include yourself Kamala, YOU are a national treasure.

Liar
45 is a disgrace
Maybe they should be state monuments instead of national monuments.
Every front needs defending from the would be King & his cronies. Thank you Sen. Harris 
What about all the wind and solar farms that scar our deserts and kill off our wildlife, it's a man made Hell.
I wonder if you've ever even been to these six places.
Keep up your good work. Saving pieces of American life and monuments. Need more of you in congress who care about why u were sent there
boy you are really makingTrump out to be the boogeyman. Pathetic.  Praying your constituents will see through your lies!
#Trump is a "terrorist"
Just ask Miriam Webster.
The GOP is a cult.
Politics is supposed to be about specific issues not intangible beliefs.
stay safe.Trump wants2provoke NKorea into attacking California&has bragged about it. Fact.All because California resists.
Thank you for your hard work & for caring.
I wonder if DT has EVER gone for a walk in the wilderness?doubtful
Thank you @KamalaHarris for standing up to bullying! It reverberates & inspired us all!
We will NOT be silenced.

Says whaaat?
Save the Sequoias 
Tell Trump here: https://www.regulations.gov/comment?D=DOI-2017-0002-0001 …
Trump needs to keep his tiny hands off!!
Tell him to keep his tiny hands off NAT mon's: https://www.regulations.gov/comment?D=DOI-2017-0002-0001 …
Thank you Mam and I hope some #FlordiaSenator doing same
I like your posts
You are unstoppable, Kamala! So glad you are in charge and representing us!!
Thank you Senator Harris. Please hold  @SecretaryZinke accountable for this outrageous attack on these National Monuments & Antiquities Act.
Fight back keep nature

Trump trolls should really move to Russia  and take wacko Trump with you. Very Lame and very busy whacking off to your "dearest leader"
Thank you Senator @KamalaHarris for fighting trump's fascism
Thank you but he threatens so much more!
Thanks.   
A civilization is judged by its accomplishments and what it holds of value.   Our grandchildren deserve to know what we valued.
I'd rather hear you speak on SB562 that was shelved by democratic leadership.
How can he do this ? Just for profit ? He better not try it !!!
#25thAmendmentNow 
#Impeachment
Please protect Yosemite National Park. I have dreamt of going there all my life and in 2011 I got to go.
Thank you Senator. We need more like you to speak up and work and defend the people.

any in the Malibu area.?
San Gabriel National Forest
Tell Trump hands off San Gabe NAT Mon: https://www.regulations.gov/comment?D=DOI-2017-0002-0001 …
Please fight them all the way. Need to preserve ALL national parks & monuments for future.Once gone never coming back. Wrecking balls.
Up to U! Comment here: http://regulations.gov/comment?D=DOI -… CA NATMon=Great Sequoia, Carrizo Plain, SandtoSnow, SanGabe Mtns, Berryessa, MojaveTr
Why don't you highlight that awesome interview technique on Susan Rice?
Thanks
Please do! And just say no to trump.
? Huh ?
When are you announcing your run for the presidency in 2020 ?
#25thAmendmentNow
Thank you Kamala for caring about OUR parks in CA. Hopefully other Senators will be brace enough to follow suit n take a stand against Trump
As a native Californian who enjoys those magnificent monuments I thank you for highlighting these treasures.
Tell Trump to keep his little hands off CA monuments: https://www.regulations.gov/comment?D=DOI-2017-0002-0001 …
Little hands little tiny mouth big ass ego you would think the guy was only 4 foot tall
Bravo. As we try here in AZ too, to save our lands and Natl Parks. Hopefully our west coast will win the fight.
@ReggieDog3 Love you, Kamala!
Super mam
Bless you
Admire u very much.  Thank you for your work.  Can't imagine the Va reaction to touching our Natitonal Parks.  There would be hell to pay .
Beautiful Yosemite, He needs to be stopped. Thank you, @SenKamalaHarris  What a magnificent hike, view. Heavenly
Up to U! Comment here: http://regulations.gov/comment?D=DOI -… CA NATMon=Great Sequoia, Carrizo Plain, SandtoSnow, SanGabe Mtns, Berryessa, MojaveTr
Mike, Like most Gov sites, this is the mesg it has on page ~> " We're sorry, but we couldn't load document DOI for commenting " Unreal !
Try this: https://www.regulations.gov  Follow link to NAT mon comments!
Good! Ok  let's do this #25thAmendmentNOW
@POTUS Recommend instead U highlight all the Conservative Americans under threat by illegals & snowflakes in CALI Senator you are a threat!
'i'm a conservative and I'm under threat!!!!' I thought you guys hated when people play identity politics & victim cards.
If he takes away national status, can you make them a state park or monument?
Save them
Up to US! Tell Trump hands of NAT mon's: https://www.regulations.gov/comment?D=DOI-2017-0002-0001 …
I must have missed your tweets criticizing Obama dealing with lands in Utah. 
Obama used executive orders to create monuments.  Accessible land was then closed to many recreational uses.  Better off as reg BLM areas.
Thank you from  for what you are doing!!
Under review for a reason
So many fronts to fight him on.
Thank you for your dedication.
You are an inspiration to all of us.
Ms. Harris, please save our beloved NationalMonuments. They help make California beautiful and are a part of our history!.
Up to U! Comment here: http://regulations.gov/comment?D=DOI -… CA NATMon=Great Sequoia, Carrizo Plain, SandtoSnow, SanGabe Mtns, Berryessa, MojaveTr
Senator I don't understand this administration's fixation with destroying national monuments. Do they know the dif btw nat mons & nat prks?
Tell Trump hands off NAT mon's: https://www.regulations.gov/comment?D=DOI-2017-0002-0001 …
America is under Attack by Sore Losers Democrats!
You don't explain how they are "under threat" leaving me to believe your statement is political bullshit disguised as something else.
So sad we have to refight these battles under each @SenateGOP @HouseGOP rule
Can't we tie him up in Court for 4 years?
love the idea... #Impeach45 #ImpeachTrump
I guess the @GOP elite need private campgrounds as well as private beaches?
You're awesome 
THREAT! TRUMP!  OH MY!  get over urself, Kamala.. u r such a propaganda artist
At this moment I am sitting in the Humboldt State park gazing at Redwoods.  Please protect this Majesy!!
Up to U! Comment here: https://www.regulations.gov/comment?D=DOI-2017-0002-0001 … CA NAT Mon = Great Sequoia, Carrizo Plain, Sand to Snow, San Gabe Mtns, Berryessa, Mojave Tr
Comment on any or all of those CA national monuments Trump wants to GUT!
Who said he wants to gut them?
What is the rationale for taking away this status
Logging Mining Grazing Drilling Fracking Selling Privatizing $$$. Federal public lands are OURS & they want to take them from US!
Awesome!
Waiting to see you. #Trumpcare
Thank you
