What's stopping Dems from drafting their own bill to counter McConnell's
Exactly. They very well may have one ready to go but it will never see the light of day with the @SenateGOP and this @SenateMajLdr in charge
Well if they do, hopefully this time they will read it prior to us seeing what's in it.
Maybe Dems shouldn't have killed Anti-Trust laws along with the GOP-allowing Big Pharma/Medicine to get so powerful as to control you all.
IF The Bell System can be divested, SO CAN Big Oil, BIG INSURANCE & BIG PHARMA!! The three have us in a stranglehold. Divest Them NOW!!
You can add Walmart and the major comms like AT&T to that mix too. Germany has over 100 isps competing for business. We need 3x as many
I hate to say it but from a business standpoint I don't think this is wrong. The insurance company didn't make me sick. Why make them pay?
The GOP snakes in Congress just refuse to do the right thing. Time to clean the house from all of the corporate whores that infect it today
Will @SenateMajLdr have to pay due to his preexisting condition as a polio survivor?
Congress has exempted itself from Trumpcare. They're currently on Obamacare, which they clearly know is better.
#KillTheBill
#WeThePeopleAreWatichingYou
#TickTockWeAreComingForYou
R
E
S
I
S
T
 THE RUMPS RUMPS RAGTIME 
R
E
S
I
S
T
My daughter and SIL own a business. They are paying enormous prices for Healthcare with big deductibles.  And then can't afford to go to dr.
It won't get better under this bill.  Insurance companies are a big part of the problem.
Are all the GOP as dastardly as mcconnell&ryan? Please explain why this is ok and how the GOP Agenda is an agenda for American citizens.
@HITEXECUTIVE cater to insurance companies US legislators and stop being a true American that works FOR the people !
I think everyone that is a registered Democrat should be discriminated against.
Really? What do you propose? Prison camps?
Send them all to Cali. Cali secedes. No problem.
I find your hatred refreshing, it's at least open & honest
It was the Democrat party that started the Ku Klux Klan. Don't try to tell me about hate.
You might want to brush up on who KKK actually supports & then talk about hate. @GOP is NOT THE PARTY OF LINCOLN - they are now called Dems.
You need to read a history book. I know tRumpers don't like to read books, but you must force yourself. You can get them on audio I hear.
@connerwilliamsx I will be okay because in 2 yrs I will qualify for MC, but I worry about those younger than I am. /1
This is how you can tell I am not a Republican. /2
The insurance agencies have always done this, even with Obamacareless. Stop with the lying Kamala.
.@SenKamalaHarris and @fromphilly7   IT'S ALL ABOUT MONEY AND INCREASING WEALTH IMBALANCE
My car was wrecked &I don't have insurance. I wonder if an insurance co. will fix it if I buy a policy today. It has a preexisting condition
And if so, the GOP needs to have the SAME EXACT insurance! They can NOT be exempt from it, and keep ACA for themselves!
@SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP  believe in a tax cut for the wealthy & #healthcare for themselves at the cost of American lives.
No.
I think we should have their insurance. It must be nice.
Being a Republican Senator is a pre-existing condition.
RT again & again! De-indoctrinate the fully affected victims of GOPsGrandLIES
ADA protects persons w/disabilities from workplace discrimination yet they can't have healthcare? Makes perfect sense
Here it comes again.
Obamacare may allow pre-existing conditions but the Insurance priced way beyond what ppl cld afford. Shame on u for inciting fear
How bad is the GOP Trumpdontcare bill if they are going to exempt themselves & their families from it?
HARRIS 2020
I'd get on board with that one. She's badass.
How about a Kamala/Chelsea ticket? I don't see that it matters which would get the big chair.
Yes PLEASE!

Kamala/Chelsea 2020!

Now that's a winning ticket!
They'd be a great White House pairing. Mind you, if HRC winds up replacing the Trump admin, the point would be moot.
Since the Trump campaign committed treason to get into office, their victory should be nullified. Winner would be Hillary.

Well, she's the legitimate president, if the Trump campaign committed treason to get into office. And they did.
Like pre born lives?
Still obsessed with the lies about PPH aren't you? Gov't does not fund abortions. PPH helped me with my endometriosis when I didn't have Ins
Gpt my PAP screenings when I didn't have Ins. Gave my daughter BC and her PAPs when she didn't have ins. I know checking reality is hard.
So if I wreck my car and dont have insurance, I can take it to an insurance co. open a policy & expect them to fix its preexisting condition
Don't overreact.......
Agreed, massive killing sprees never solve anything.
The GOP have a preexisting condition known as Greed, lies and deceit. Our employees get Golden Health Insurance and retirement paid for by WE THE PEOPLE.
thank you for speaking for me
I have Chiari Malformation. My brain is herniating from my skull. This bill will destroy me. I already skip meds to save on cost WITH ins.
In case anyone is unclear on what's at stake. Senator Harris, why are lawmakers allowed to lie about laws like this?
Polio is a preexisting condition @SenateMajLdr but what do you have to worry about?
Turtle was "cured" of his pre-existing polio with FREE gvt care as a child .. a thing McConnel now opposes... for everyone else.
It took him a while but he's pulling up the ladder.
I was unable to get insurance before Medicare because I have Type 2 diabetes and high blood pressure. I spent a scary yr waiting to turn 65.
Would u like 2 tell this woman she will be discriminated because of her #PreExistingCondition? @SenateMajLdr  
Turtle McConnell lacks the requisite humanity to care about this woman, but he made sure to keep ACA for his own preexisting condition/Polio
Did you read the article? So sick people pay more. Why should it be the burden of the healthy?
We either stick together, or hang separately.

No one in their right mind will discriminate against someone for preexisting conditions. The GOP will work it out. Saying otherwise is a lie
The GOP will simply restore the old, unacceptable status quo, and health insurance companies will return to being scam operations.
I have preexisting health issue that I have to have q 8 to 9 weeks because without these treatment I can't walk w/o assistance and pain un
Oh wow.  I will keep you in my prayers.
Please keep  me on your prayer list I am in dark valley Thad makes me fill I can't pull the dirt away but I will by hold onto my Lord's hand
I will, Martha.  Please keep hope & faith.  You are going thru this dark time for a reason.  You will prevail & come out stronger. #TrustGod
Please read it and then RETWEET it!
The Turtle effect: When a GOP leader spends 8yrs leading to repeal the ACA under Obama & still has nothing better to offer under Trump.
Just the other day there was an article  about turtle neck McConnell being caught up in #RussiaGate he shouldn't even be touching healthcare
The medicad cuts & tax cuts for wealthy R still part of this latest version. So America  #ImpeachTrumpNow #25thAmendmentNow #TheResistance
Bye bye Obamacare!!!!  The death of the country.
So wrong!!!
Thank you for being an inspiration for all. I read all the good things you are involved in and try to make sense of the contrast with trump.
This entire situation is CRIMINAL.
McConnell should have a preexisting condition of not having a neck as his brain must be residing in it.
@PuestoLoco @voxdotcom 

No! MY daughter (preemie) is healthy;cuz she survived, she has #PreexistingConditions. #SaveACA
@SenMajLdr I had Pre-ex T2Diab. I'd be dead w/o the #ACA & #Medicaid. Please don't gut Medicaid. So many lives depend on it.
Why the rush McConnell? Afraid some indictments coming your way that will END THE GOP TOO?
#TrumpcareKills 
#TrumpRussiaCollusion
Please fight for those like my husband, battling aggressive bladder cancer.
Because cancer is your own fault, you should just die instead of whining about rich people's taxes going down. Republicanism is the disease.
MEDICARE FOR ALL.
Unless you want to kill off all sick people.
The nazis shipped "sick" Jews to camp.
heartless animals
You should have said RT if you are human being
Obviously. And that is what ACA accomplished.
Gee, that was a smart move, Sen McConnell. Who wouldn't like that?
Thank you Senator for all you do. Rooting for you in all you do! Dems need your leadership.
GOP taking us back to a dark time. What's great about that?
Kamala, we all know it's 'wrong'!  Come on.  You're our senator from CA. Call it what it is: Disgusting & Cruel!  Please guys, get real!
#Hypocritical Mitch McConnell, who as boy was saved from polio by medicaid, is the most vicious, unconscionable creator of GOP health bill.
Introduce bill requiring Senate 2 buytheir own insurance-they all are old & pre-existing. All they see is tax cut for Kochs. Not rep voters
Evil, Malice and Vitriol....mix in hubris and wanton greed = @SenateMajLdr
This is what insurance companies do over here, & why we need to protect our non-discriminatory NHS - but our current govt is out to get it.

The fact that u posted this is sweet, but that u posted in reply to Ms. Harris (lover her), is even sweeter. I'd follow u but I already do!
Think that over Kamala. It's the American way. You know of your pre-existing conditions.
Amen.
Childbirth and C-Section are pre-existing conditions.  All mothers could be denied coverage for any reason.
Why did they wait until they had a condition to try to get coverage?  Can you buy flood insurance AFTER your house is under water?
Wouldn't the inevitable collapse of Obamacare also do same?
Pre-existing conditions are an unchangeable past when one needs a hopeful future.  Failure to cover them compounds their impact.
Country before party
Bastards they are..demons
Here is the Problem I see ..the point of having the insurance to to keep costs down when something happens..what is the point if it doesnt
Most of the civilized world is asking "What the hell are preexisting conditions?" Next question is "What century is America living in?"
Ask me again when Pence is president and chastity belts are mandatory.
Welcome to Gilead!
Barbaric. Simply fucking uncivilized.
Nobody is but you can continue to push this lie if it helps you ease the pain of her losing
I will be priced out of the market if they bring back pre existing.  I was born with an aortic aneurysm that can start threading at any time
technically, injuries from a car wreck, spousal abuse, shootings, etc. are pre existing also. The wording needs a close look.
Sad McConnell had polio as a child, govern support helped him. How quickly they forget!
What is the number for single payer ?
#ohno
All the time wasted w/this repeal and replace rhetoric, Congress could have repaired and fixed. Party first or people?
If you see Mitch in the hallway, please pass on a message from me:

FU, Mitch.

That's all. Thanks!
This is wrong. No one should be discriminated against because they have a preexisting condition. RT if you agree. https://www.vox.com/health-care/2017/7/11/15949274/senate-health-bill-preexisting-conditions …
I would guess that for people 50 and over, that a very large percentage would have some kind of preexisting condition.
We've all got a preexisting condition--it is called life & it's terminal

It's too bad they're all too stupid to understand the difference between ACUTE, PRECIPITATING and CHRONIC, or they might differentiate funds
WADR, T & His @GOP HC HENCHMEN R TRYING 2 KICK 23 MILLION U.S. FAMILIES OFF A CLIFF 2 OUR HC DEATHS...FOR A GET-RICH-QUICK SCHEME, DEATH-4-
...WEALTH PREMEDITATED PLOT TO BANKRUPT ALL Of U.S. WHO R 99% OF THE USA FAMILIES!!! THE @GOP  & THEIR T WH CO-CONSPIRATORS SHOT A HC MISSLE
Maybe McConnell should pay back all his gov health insurance ... after all being a polio survivor is a pre-existing condition right?
#GOP *is* a pre-existing condition.
5 reasons GOP should adopt single payer.
If you're silent on #singlepayernow these vague tweets are useless
The States can't handle Medicaid so we R gonna Trust the States with a HealthCare System? PLEASE
Get ready America. GOP wants to return medical care to pre-Obamacare conditions and hurt the poor and benefit the rich. America the Great?
Problem is that if you want pre-existing to work, you have to force the healthy to also sign up to balance the book
Is a cocaine habit a pre- existing condition. His wife's family have that pre-existing condition.
My question is still: what is insurance for if not to take care of ppl when sick
The sick in mind and spirit voting the future of the unfortunate. Whatsoever do ye to the least of these my brethren, do ye also unto me
#KillerMcConnell is the greatest threat to American safety and health.
Yeah because they knew they were as wrong as two left feet and ugly shoes !
This "new" lack of healthcare coverage is going to be the death of me....   #chronicillness #IwanttheACA
Another issue With preexisting conditions is it will make it more difficult to get a better job for fear new insurance would not cover you
It's why I don't leave my poorly-paying job.  I need the healthcare benefits.
I'm sorry to hear that and I think that's an argument that is not being made as much.
For all their talk about wanting people to "pull up by their bootstraps" and better themselves, this bill hinders ability to do that
They don't care about me are you!
Disgusting
Yep, I agree, going backward instead of forward...
Adverse selection is a real problem.  Single-payer solves it.
Your society needs to decide if it will support the sick.
Boring. Obamacare is crashing just in time for the 2018's.  Great strategy.
I'm guessing millions of  Americans have a #preexisting conditions.
Everything that McConnell has a hand in is wrong. Healthcare, the SC nomination, selling OUR country to Putin. He's a traitor.
@RoyBlunt @RoyBluntMO Are you gonna stand up for MO? trumpare=treasoncare=deathcare The only way forward is to #saveACA work w/dems.
Now that he no longer suffers from polio & we pay him waaay too much to do nothing, pre-ex's are of no concern to @SenateMajLdr Disgusting!

McConnell is evil when it comes to healthcare. Oh, wait - he's just evil
Starting to look more like Obamacare
Of course not what century are we living in anyway, that's torture of a person who is very I'll who deserves immediate quality care.
That's ill not I'll.
Bankruptcies will skyrocket under the GOP "wealth" plan.
Repubs simply don't care abt their fellow humans. They refuse 2 understand that health care is a right, not a commodity. So behind the times
please support this bill #SaveCharlieGard #IAmCharlieGard @charliesfight @Fight4Charlie
Thank you for fighting against Trumpcare!  Plz no compromises!
i agree that the ACA was destructive to the middle class, made care unaffordable. is that what you mean? #singlepayer
#GetMoneyOut
Where's pay your fair share???? Just a joke #dem joke
You don't know how "Insurance" works??  You can not get coverage for a vehicle that has already been crashed before you bought it..
SHOULD be asking for is for PAST insurance companies to CONTINUE coverage for PAST CLAIMS on illness or injury that occurred WHILE COVERED..
Congressional Healthcare evil mimics Nazis anti-Health care and euthanasia of in-firmed with approval of the educated
#FULLREPEAL
Dear #SenMitchMcConnell Your history of #polio is a pre-existing condition .@ CNN
Unless he didnt include it in his adult med docs.....
Is this really so different from auto & home insurance that raises rates (punishes) for any claims made -- whether due to your fault or not.
After fixing health insurance, can legislatures work on fixing ALL insurance?
People are not homes or autos.  Why should a child be punished because they were born with a preexisting condition?
Oh, jeez, I'm certainly NOT saying that. Disrespectful for you to imply that. Was just making a side point about insurance. Sheesh.
Keep fighting for us. Don't let them win with substandard healthcare. Scream. Yell. Rant. FOR US.
Mitchy will pay someday...Ryan too. That fiery pit has a bench with GOP inscribed on it.
What is Wrong is ur stance on Sanctuary cities and #KatesLaw!! #SAD!!
The ponzie scheme that was Obama care was designed to crash and burn; leaving the democrat party the only alternative of socialized medicine
It keeps some of us alive
You know what's REALLY wrong, Kamala? @Rendon63rd and @caldems are keeping 39 million folk from #singlepayer health CARE. #DemExit
The republican party do not care about you or your well-being.  they're in bed with the #KochBrothers  @SenMajLdr @GOPLeader @SpeakerRyan
GOP seeks a punitive health care insurance plan, its like auto insurance that covers everything except accidents
CALL NOW: 844-432-0883 #ProtectOurCare
Yet you r demanding I pay for someone else's problem?  Discrimination works both ways. Forcing insurance companies 2cover is discrimination
President Harris
I have a transplanted kidney and 10 other pre-existing conditions. I want to live to see my son grow up. If this bill passes I won't.
Mitch don't care about pre-existing or blacks, Latinos, lgbt, women, @SenWarren @maddow @andersoncooper @AliVelshi @ChrisCuomo @JoyAnnReid
@SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @POTUS @RepCummings @clairecmc @MaxineWaters @rosadelauro @ananavarro @MariaTCardona @latinorebels @NBCLatino
The GOP is hellbent to take us back to the bad old days where Americans suffered & died at the hands of insurance denial.
I wouldn't retweet the National Anthem if you were singing it. Wait,  you believe the flag and the anthem are racist.
Do you mean pre-existing like being treated for polo as a kid? Asking for a not so good friend.
I'll never understand how the plan the politicians are on can't be expanded into a single payer system and be done with it. #greedtrumpsall
These guys are .............. can't think of a  word or phrase that discribe their wickedness
Please vote against horse SLAUGHTER today!!!
Take away JUST his healthcare (and his wife's.) See if he changes his tune.
As if they Care. They got Theirs. They should spend some time in Our Shoes. But...
McConnell seriously is becoming a modern day Hitler. Now we really know what he thinks about 22 million that would lose coverage on his bill
@GOP, @SenateGOP, & @SenateMajLdr:  Stop trying to sell out Americans with this disaster of a healthcare plan!!
@KatiePavlich
White House should have to use this insurance too! Bet they would be doing a lot of amending then.
McConnell and GOP 'Healthcare' bill  are our most life threatening pre-existing conditions.
I hate this old man
GOP plan has 3 goals: Kill Medicare/Medicaid, cut taxes for the rich, make insurers money.
CITIZENS  don't be quiet, they r going to rearrange the wording but the CORE  is the same. $$ for top % .SMOKE AND MIRRORS 
So wrong! I'm a self employed 62 yr old pre-existing. 1 of 14M #GOP is USING to get to 50 votes! #DISGRACEFUL #IMPEACHTRUMP
I have a pre-existing condition! Type 1 Diabetes since I was 11 yrs old! I live healthy because of great care- my Dr & me!
Who does McConnell remind me of ?
In practical terms I will be unable to move back to USA if this passes. Been diagnosed w/mild chronic condition in UK but it's on the list.

If you don’t know who you are: you cannot make a mistake

http://pjunkie1.blogspot.com 
Take out the tax cuts for the rich and your one step closer.
Got To Agree With That One.
BREAKING: GOP health bill actually just a link to Go Fund Me
LOCK HIM UP!
McConnell took two and a half Million Dollars from Trump's Russian cartel. Why is he still there bribing our Republican Senators? Takn r HC?
Well, you certainly can't call it Healthcare if you do. RE: discriminate against those with preexisting conditions.
Your Republican Colleagues don't give a crap about the sick or the poor. That is why the ACA is in danger. They want people to drop dead.

It is wrong and ty 4 fighting 4 ppl!
Does polio count
Yes, but McConnell is an awful human being, can't we discriminate against him a little? Sympathy for his childhood polio has limits
Is Turtleitus a preexisting condition? 
Lol mitch is gonna be screwed! 
We have to stay focused, @SenateMajLdr will continue to use WH scandals to distract from his tax cut for his donor base #Trumpcarekills
The system needs a bailout. No budget proposal from republicans or democrats will make the proper fixes.
IT'S INTERESTING HOW ALL THESE OLD GOP POLITICIANS ARE TRYING TO KILL OFF THE SENIORS,WHO KEPT THEM IN OFFICE & MADE THEM ALL MILLIONAIRES!
Then let insurance companies run their own business and free up the market . Balance a budget and make this another govt expense
I have good reason to believe I have lung cancer or perhaps emphysema. I won't get checked bc that'd be another preexisting I'd lose tx for.
They won't quit until we're all dead and they're all that's left.
I'd die early. No question. I'm 33 now and depending on when I'd lose medicaid, I'll be surprised to make 40. Not that these monsters care.
Agree..
Called Sen Strange & Sen Shelby-requested they work w/Dems. Even though I'm a disabled vet-get my care at VA. I care about my fellow man 1
I call them every week to ask them 2 vote NO-My daughter & grandchildren each have preexisting conditions that won't be covered w/new bill
#THOSE ASSHOLES ARE GOING TO KILL ALOT OF POOR PEOPLE, IF TJEY GET THIS PASSED
Be honest y out want destructive government run healthcare.
Life is a pre-existing condition
Screw McDonnell!! I don't know who is worse? Him or Ryan!!
#treasoncare
#SinglePayer will fix that How's that for data!
Corrupt and shameless
