Protect #NetNeutrality!
Time to update the Constitution to protect our fundamental right to an open Internet http://internetfreedomamendment.org/petition 
Ending net neutrality gives too much control to corporate interests over the free flow of news and information.
internet of today serves Americans in same way interstate highways, hence should be federally protected for free and unimpeded access
I support strong Net Neutrality backed by title II oversight of ISPs
The net was never designed for manipulation especially by our own government!  Hands off!!!
confused on the point of your comment, also, do you know who made the internet?
Fully aware Greg. But for the government to now decide what, who and what order things appear is the same as limiting 1st amendment rights.
What if Cox or Comcast was able to decide which websites should run fast, and which run slow? You like that idea?
Please fight for us. The Internet is our Commons and we must have a free and unrestricted FREE INTERNET!  Our Freedoms depend on it.
Fight for it. Absolutely.
THAT doesn't sit well with me! It's another way to dismantle our ways
We cannot allow private companies to dictate access, start makeup by decisions on levels of access.
Even better idea ... if corporations want " we the people's " internet - tell them to go get their own ....
we need more ISP choice so providers think twice about screwing over consumers.
Net neutrality is essential to democracy.  Please do not make it easier for corporations to control information.
How does THAT sit with ya'!? Omg he and the elites would pay for all the prime time/speed..they might usurp the media that way cuz they rich
...And another thing! 1) TRUMP WANTS 2RUN GOV LIKE A BUSINESS SO HE PAYS 4PRIME AIRTIME& FALSE NEWS IS PROPORTED, WHILE FACTS R "DELAYED"
...for the sake of business, to desecrate the constitution is an abomination...something one would see in Russia someplace like Trump tower
Keep fighting for us that can't in wheelchair but would be there by your side! Trump DICTATOR
Keep TRUMP and his goons as far away from the public's ability to express ourselves unabridged, uncensored..and drawn into dictatorship
do nor desecrate the constitution. Prevent the perversion of our laws
2) 2permit gov 2abridge expression allows perpetuation of HALF-TRUTHS! Depriving us of all viewpoints is abridging the freedom of speech.
Ending net neutrality is kind of like paying for phone service and being told who you can call. Or extra charges just to call your friends.
I'm not a constituent but I want u to know we look to you in OH to not give Big Business any more power over the individual #NetNeutrality
#NetNeutrality is critical - corporations must not be able promote or limit certain viewpoints via utility.
Broadband should be regulated as a utility! Please protect #NetNeutrality
3) per the http://www.firstamendmentcenter.org/about-that-word- …‘abridging’-in-the-first-amendment-…/
Loss of net privacy protections means more exposure to hacks, fraud and extortion exploits.
Net neutrality is 100% American because it allows the individual to compete and win against megacorps.
We must have a Free and Open internet, now and always, the FCC fascists must be stopped!
The internet extends our abilities to think, learn, & collaborate beyond our physical bodies.We're all personally diminished w/o neutrality.
Net neutrality is very important. Please support it.
Net neutrality protects freedom of speech and privacy. No corporation should decide what I see or tweet. Broadband comm is telecom.
That's what oligarchs do..they are the financial elite ..the few... not the majority...( like Trumps election )the opposite of a democracy..
The internet is increasingly used as a tool to help & teach special needs kids, like those in the autism spectrum.
1)To "abridge" fredom of speech commands a censor scrutinize 4objectionable content &can shorten by deleting as much as wishs #NETNEUTRALITY
When R U going 2 wake up 2 the main problem facing this country that people outside the Swamp are concerned with--jobs. Fight for tax cuts!
@senkamalaharris Net neutrality is crucial to our freedoms. Please support it.
...and who do we know who loves fake news?!?!? Who perpetuates half truths already! We must NEVER allow or codify lying! Period
Oh Jesus, God please don't let this go through.
Called my Wyoming representatives about this, only Barasso responded with a letter essentially saying "hahaha" for about four paragraphs.
Please fight for our free speech!
Please protect net neutrality! Agree that ISP is a utility like water. Berkeley 94709
It's a utility just like gas or electric. Period. It's not an airline seating group. No paid premium service here. Unacceptable.
Meanwhile  Zinke signed an order to open AK's Petroleum Reserve to oil & gas. EVEN OPENING the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge to production
I support net neutrality
Stop trying to turn the internet into Ma Bell.
Can you please instruct @senrobportman how to senator? This is a wonderful thing you're doing ma'am, thank you!
Expensive, complicated for internet-based services to keep costs down with unequal treatment --> less innovation, fewer jobs.
We need to protect #NetNeutrality via #TitleII regulations. It's that simple.
Keep fighting to protect #NetNeutrality @senKamalaHarris. SB voter 93109
Please support net neutrality. Active voter in 94597
Did you ever read Dr. Seuss's SNEETCHES and OTHER STORIES? A story of haves and have nots so basic even the kids get it. No more priviledges
Keep our intertubes open and neutral! 94611 and an active voter.
Protect our #NetNeutrality! My internet access shouldn't be determined by my socioeconomic status.
From Morgan Hill (95037).  Please protect net neutrality!   Thanks for all your hard work. Keep going!
I'd be fine if you just came out and said you don't comprehend any of it. Certainly don't need title II to ensure net neutrality.
Net neutrality is important like a free press. Adding restrictions to internet content is like corporate or government censorship.
Your aide is Creepy!
I fear we would be jeopardizing freedom of information. This is a slippery slope toward propaganda vs information. Thank you from 94018
An open Internet is a fundamental right in the 21st century. Times change & so should the Constitution http://internetfreedomamendment.org/petition 
Support consumers and net neutrality!
Please protect #NetNeutrality - From zip code 92223. Thanks for all you are doing to #ResistTrump
Net neutrality = must have
Constituent from Ca49, zip 92081
I am for net neutrality. Hijacking the internet is inexcusable. So many internet providers are against it. Even Comcast! Please fight it.
A vote against net neutrality is a vote for censorship and for partisan control of information. It betrays everything we stand for.
+1 for net neutrality. This is our economy now. We must continue to grow it. Without neutrality, I suspect I'd have to leave Cayucos 93430
Ok, so 45 thinks climate change is a hoax, & scientist are crazy.  Ask China, ask he coal miners with black lung disease.
The big Corp's want me to only get content from them, that's censorship. Support #netneutrality
We need #netneutrality to give everyone fair access to the internet. Should be able to skip the Corp, go to the source.
just another way to dumb down the American Youth and population in general. Another form of gerrymandering!
The internet is like a highway. Fixed capacity & difficult/costly to expand. If much is sold, less is available to share among the nonpayers
I support net neutrality and urge you to protect it. I'm a constituent from 92557
Today the reality is that the monopoly enjoyed by most cable providers is a utility. It should be regulated like one or give up its monopoly
Senator, I think you need to have a little chat with @reedhastings
Sincere question: how do we protect net neutrality without giving the FCC too much control over the internet?
I'll join what I hope is a huge chorus urging you to protect net neutrality. SF voter, 94114.
We need NetNeutrality to maintain basic access to media (press). Please protect us against the tyranny of corporations. 93704
Rolling back #netneutrality can potentially influence elections and/or put poor students at an academic disadvantage and more I'm sure.
The anti-Net Neutrality side is merely letting big monopolists gouge everyone for more money. Pure and simple usual GOP politics.
PLEASE support Net Neutrality. There is no other option for a workable internet. For not only individuals but new businesses.
The Internet is critical to virtually everything anybody does nowadays.  Net neutrality is critical so that access doesn't depend on wealth.
Keep it. Protect it.
The internet is a communications tool. We already pay to access it. It should be a first amendment right to have open access to internet.
And from Watsonville, protect net neutrality.
We don't trust the ISPs! Hold them to the fire. We want unencumbered streaming.
critical to protect #NetNeutrality for grassroots and independent media.
Net neutrality and Title 2 benefit individuals while removing them only benefits corporations. Please protect your fellow citizens
protect NetNeutrality! it's the guiding principle of the internet and it is absolutely essential to maintain democracy. VERY IMPORTANT!
People who think the internet isn't a fundamental telecommunications medium have never gotten important work emails on the weekend.
They've never had to apply for jobs online. They've never had to have a working email to get that job.
They've never had to access media for school, or watch a public hearing when they're hundreds or thousands of miles from government.
They've never had to communicate with people in other countries without using expensive international minutes.
They've never had to do webinar for volunteer work. They've never had to manage volunteers from afar.
They've never had to register for school online. They've never had to access important parts of their classes online.
Simply put, people who oppose #NetNeutrality are people out of touch with how the world actually functions today for the average American.
4:30pm.Gone Post Office Direct TV partial.pmt, Bank Cash Withdrawal, Back in reasonable time, Sen.Kamala Harris of Oakland,California
Back to apt. Now!! Also on @CNN @wolfblitzer once again
the market will not work it out and wind up screwing the consumer. Please continue to support this Senator Harris
I own a blog. I pay to host it. Why should I be forced to pay YOUR Internet provider so you can view my nlog? Why doesn't the DVD get this?
Net Neutrality MUST be protected! Thank you, Senator Harris.
Considering the authoritarian regime we now have, if we can't have an open internet, then we will take to the streets like never before.
Please work to protect net neutrality and not put us at the mercy of corporations. Thank you! - constituent from LA
Net neutrality is legal; other options r not: Congress shall make no law...prohibiting the free exercise or abridging the freedom of speech
The FCC was established by law so rules under it are in essence the law.  They cannot let internet companies favor or restrict speech by law
Support net neutrality. For the love of dog!
unrelated, but also already sold away by the GOP this session...
I strongly support continued Tier 2 regulation and submitted my own comment accordingly. Thank you, Senator!
.Net neutrality and strong title 2 protections are required for protecting a free and open internet.
I strongly support net neutrality, and ask you to protect our free and fair internet. Thank you for all you're doing for us Senator! 
Critical issue for small independent businesses(not fake NFIB "small"l businesses) but real sole proprietorships whose access threatened.
Keep net neutrality, get FCC to delete fake proabolition comments
I've submitted my comments to the FCC directly, but my 2c: Americans think of their ISP as a utility like power, water, sewage, etc.
Broadband providers should be regulated under the same utility framework, because that's what they are to most people in the US.
I support net neutrality and urge you to protect it, Senator Harris.
(And I'm a constituent from Sacramento, CA 95838) 
protect net neutrality please!
