I expect nothing different
Kind of like Obama care where we were promised we could keep our doctors. Check your facts before you make stupid comments
Kamalita.  Mi. Senadora. My love   bella  te  quiero.   Yo  despertamoa. Juntos.
Tr/Rs trying to hide big tax breaks for wealthiest.  why not tax breaks for hard working citizens who haven't seen increased wages in yrs.
Glenn Kessler admits not having all the data yet offers an opinion anyway. Not creditable
The ppl of this country are really tired of kamala_harris type BS response to any & every POTUS idea. START BEING PRODUCTIVE & stop the anti everything JUST BC A WHITE CONSERVATIVE is in the Oval Office.
What else can I do?
What else is new.  I don't trust a word that comes out of this administration.
The trifecta= Trump- Cohn- and Mnuchin.  All honorable men working for the average American, right? @@  Da swamp lives.
No kidding. No RE tax deduction for the 28% of Americans who own homes? They say it won't deter people from buying. Mid.class pays more tax.
What else is new!
This from a newspaper analyst, Hahaha...a liberal one at that. What am oxymoron.
well, we are not going to get the truth from you, Senator
That guy on the left - is that Munchkin's bodyguard?
We need to replace the Trump Administration with the Harris Administration prayers that day is coming! You can be that president Kamala.
Kamalita   despertamos  juntos. En. La..conver dación   siempre.  Así  dime
u r my Senator Trump is out of control Call for impeachment. His behavior is erratic and we are afraid 4 our lives #ImpeachTrumpNow
Kamslita. My lpve. Bella. .mi.senadora .inteligente . soñem os. .juntos. . dime
Mi. Senadora   my. Love.   Quiero  pasar junto  a. Ti  en. Conversacion  noche.
Kamilita  my   love  bella.  Veng o    bajando. De   la.   Cordillera.
Fly away on ur broom Harris-It's what witches do beside lie 2 innocent Hypocrite Talk abt 1st Amendment  https://twitter.com/rejialex7/status/897817404377632769 …  it up
Deathcare for the poor and richer tax breaks for the greedy rich. Caring rich folk know the poor need help.
those two...OMG...just looking at them I wouldn't trust them...knowing their backgrounds...does anyone else remember 2008...god save us...
Only beneficiaries are the wealthy, but what did we expect?
That's all they do is twist the truth!
Why can’t anyone just say “LYING”? No one’s twisting anything. They’re LYING.
I'm sure the stockholders and employees of those corporations appreciate you.
Lying criminals. Must be stopped.
Keep up your strong opposition to this "wak" at Americans - the 98%!!
You are right Senator Harris. Call them what they are: blatant outright lies.
ME, to realDT: Your supporters didn't learn anything, ever, so they are begging in the streets for something.  Can you surmise what it is?
#LiarInChief
Let's keep the heat on these liars!
OK is anyone surprise at the lies.
TRump isn't 'twisting the truth' about the tax plan, he is outright lying.
Sounds like “if you like your doctor you can keep your doctor “
when cohn asked ?, his gobbledegook ans...'well, the 355's n the arp 97's alng w/the 92 83's'...saw same ans in a comedy show
They are lying. Say it. Liars. All of them.
I'm sure it's because of the Russians.
Bottomline - Poor & Middle Class will suffer.
When is the Jerk-off POTUS & Admin going to send school buses to Puerto Rico so the can at least shuttle Truck Drivers to work.???
Let's see trump's returns and see how the tax plan works for him

While no one heads straight to Puerto Rico. The big ocean. Big body of water.
It's a #HostileCorprateTakeover of the US! Until Corporate money is outlawed in politics, we're ALL SCREWED
In't that what #fascists do.  When will you become brave enough to call what is happening to #America #Fascism. We fight better when the thing is defined
They cut tax on wealthy. Decrease # of tax brackets. I am going out on a limb , but figuring most middle class move up to higher%. Winning!
Tax cut plan raises my taxes while Billionaires, DJT & cabinet get a billion$ cut. No state tax deduction-Blue state wealth to red state
Please READ- Don't believe ANYONE Do research like thesis get 3 resources-Otherwise you seem silly & easy prey
What do you say about the disaster in Puerto Rico?9
LugenPotus! LugenAdmimistration!
What about skipping CBO scores?!?
Flat. Out. Lying.
Yep.  Get Nick Hanuer and other sane rich guys to explain to Americans.
Senator, the repukes & their Frankenstein monster R working 2 undermine ACA & cut funding.We R getting tired of talk.What CAN U DO?
You'll crap yourself when your followers find out the truth that you either hide or are too stupid to see. Bye bye. Go find another job.
Businesses leave US not because of tax rate but because they can pay workers $15/day not $15/hour! #MAGA by jailing tRump #donnylittlehands
So I'm guessin you'll vote single payer while the dems are in a minority, then say "we tried it already" when it has a chance to pass
When doesn't he twist the truth? He isn't #DonTheCon for no reason. #TaxReform #TaxCutsForTheRich

"Twisting the truth"? Let's call it what it is- lying!
You can say lying.  It’s the only thing they are consistent with.
Well of course, that same way he would like people to think That PR only got a little rain
I know and from what I have read #45 stands to benefit along with his cronies.  The middle class and poor ppl will be robbed as a result.
How would you know! You have not even read the plan! Stupid again!!
It’s a middle class tax cut. That’s why it eliminates the estate tax which 80 families paid last tear.
For those who know their history. These Republicans are Failed Americans. They are the equivalent of George III Royalists. 
Makes one wonder how many fake beams support his buildings
Every time he opens his mouth, he spews lies.  #LiarInChief
If you say they are lying that's the best assurance I could have that they are telling the truth.
Sort of like California Democrats lying about the gas tax repeal measure?
You have made a career out of twisting truth and selling lies.  I believe you need to sit down and be quiet. #Hypocrite

Lies from liars.
@janis_wilds @washingtonpost COULD YOU JACKS FOCUS ON PUERTO RICO 
PEOPLE ARE DYING
THIS IS SHAMEFUL
@SenSchumer @HouseDemocrats @TheDemCoalition @OccupyDemocrats @Millennial_Dems @democratichub @TheDemocrats @CNN
They're not the only ones, Kamala. Both parties are great at deceiving the masses. Take Medicaid for All for instance, massive load of crap.
@GlennKesslerWP  Trump's theme song--Liars lie.
You can say they are lying.  That's what they do
Two multi-millionaires (almost billionaires) out there spreading the word. What could go wrong!?
This is what it’s like in Russia.
As usual @realDonaldTrump & @GOP must deceive & lie to the American people to push healthcare & tax reforms that will hurt the 99%.
I Would Love2Personally Hand him $1000, Cash Money & Tell him2Take ME Car Shopping&Pay4 MY *NEW CAR*with the $1000 I Put In His Hand !!!
the only people that believe his tax plan is fair are his gullible minions the rest of us know better
And of course demorats always speak the truth,
NEWT: Chuck Schumer trying to break down debt is like an alcoholic explaining the next beer could be a problem!

Newt LOVES Trump #TaxReform 
You are the only one who believes in the Washington Post is telling the truth. That is a liberal bias periodical
Zand pretty much everything else as well
The #CheeseFish gets $1.2BILLION from that plan - that's why he likes it.
Really? Shocking...said no true American ever. 
IF There is Anyone N the USA that breathes Oxygen over the age of 10 that does NOT ALREADY KNOW THIS, WE Have Some Serious Teaching To Do !!
Im upset that people have become dependent on divided politics. Politician Preschoolers blaming others for not doing right by the people.
Not surprised, everything they do they deceive& lie using twisted truth to manipulate the minds of ignorant&illiterate bigots 2fall 4lies!
There hasn't been too much of anything the Trump administration doesn't twist the truth on.  One thing in 9 months that hasn't been twisted?
They never would do that!
Fricking @GOP have no clue what an average family earns. $1000? That's maybe 3 trips to the grocery store if you're lucky and have coupons.
Because trump voters are gullible
@realDonaldTrump has no relationship with the truth. He is a lying fear-monger and race-baiter unworthy of POTUS.
The Trump Administration is out there twisting the truth about EVERYTHING

FIFY
MORON HATER OF AMERICANS WHO PAY YOUR SALARY
Lying. They are lying!
#FakeNews alert!
Everything is tainted as far as Trump is concerned.
Just look at Munchin's face.  He knows that we know he's lying.

Kamala twists the truth very well in her own right. Just saying...
#KamalaLamaDingDing2020
We know
No kidding
Maybe Trump voters will finally believe when they see for themselves, on paper, how much Trump ends up helping them.
Learn some economics commerce business
I'm soooo tired of these asshats,so tired, my daily prayer is we flip every possible seat in 2018 to curb the nightmare
Twisting the truth about Puerto Rico as well
Kamala, Dems must focus on getting a detailed plan into the hands, hearts and minds of non-voting-dems, independents & borderline Trumpers
It's a proposal.
There is no plan.
Because, you know, @GOP can't compose plans.
Only pretend to.
This is going to cost my family a ton - so nice that the con's family won't have to pay estate tax - happy to help grifters out. #Impeach45
Just say it...they are lying!

.

No @SenKamalaHarris American ppl need tax reform

Lowest they will pay is 20'%
It's a break4all

yes it's a break4the upper class

As many of us has been paying frm 38% 42%
We deserve break

Personally I rather see a flat tax4all but this is good start
Vote ur criminals home
.

You mean lying?
What a nice way to describe "bold-faced lying", Sen.Harris!! Way to "go high".

#TrumpsCultureOfCorruption
Just left a VM with your staffer FX. My question: when will you call @realDonaldTrump a lying, racist failure?

Can we simply call them (Trump admin) the liars they are? #ijs
Yes, we can.  They liars may also be referred to as DEMOCRATS.  But, don't let facts get in the way of your narrative
The liars...
This is about Autocrats buying the @GOP. We need campaign fin reform!
Yes In these mins. TRUTH, @SenKamalaHarris, (Family) 
7:00pm @FOXSPORTS @MLB Game @Athletics Oakland vs @Rangers Texas @SenKamalaHarris
9:10pm @MLB Game @Athletics Oakland 3 vs @Rangers Texas 5  7th INNING, @SenKamalaHarris
@MLB Game @Rangers 5 (W) vs @Athletics 3 (L). FINAL @SenKamalaHarris
Everyone who cares to know understands the agenda of Trump. Democrats please concentrate on YOUR plans and how you will implement them!!!
Yes, please keep up with those plans!  They worked very well last year 
In many ways, the Trump-Ryan tax plan is more dasterdly than the the ACA repeal and replace. This is nothing but corporate welfare.
@realDonaldTrump is, and has always been the ultimate #WelfareKing.
They're all liars
That is nothing new. This Pres IS twisted
shut up Cohn you are a democrat ,how can you betray the American people that way with your lies
How do they explain the actual numbers in this plan?
Kakistocracy 
Kleptocracy 
Pinnochiocracy
We're onto them though, right? Like the health care bills... we know they are entitled privileged liars.
Shouldn't they be out there taking care of PR?
This is why Representative's like your self need to keep them honest.
And it will hurt his supporters more than others. They lose all their deductions.
This admin lying?
You don't say.
and water is wet, especially very big water.
Grateful you're out there working to untwist it. Thank you.
Trump administration twists the truth about everything, it's in their bylaws. A big assist from Fox (so-called) News.
Like he has any real idea abt what is in his tax plan. All he knows is what his cronies tell him, he won't analyze it himself.
Lt Gen Jay Silveria - shows True powerful leadership Trump could learn a lesson or two
They're doing what they always do....lie.
Mnuchin needs to take the fall for this mess of a plan. #letthemeatcake
1 out of 3 Americans believe every word. Astonishing

Trump tax plan would benefit wealthiest Americans most, cost $2.4 trillion: analysis http://hill.cm/WFACxfc  

Ma’am twisting the truth is being to kind. They are lying their ass off..
Yes. Because Kamela is a paragon of truth and virtue. Oops, afraid not. 
You mean trump isn't telling the truth? I'd be more shocked if he did.
Just. Say. Lying.

Say it loudly. Bullies LIVE on people being too polite to stand up too them.
No, that's you and all the rest of the anti-American @DNC
Every day I'm more amazed about the GOP blatantly lying to us about things that are so easily debunked.
Mnuchin's there? You can't believe a thing that POS says about $ & the middle class. California knows who he is. We won't forget.
This is my shocked face.
Thanks for the information,  Pot.  Signed,  Kettle
Cohn and mnuchin are both evil!!!
Senator Harris, another more accurate term for this is LYING.
Why am I not surprised?!
Last 4 words superfluous tbh
Be their WORST nightmare, Kamala.  Be the people's voice!  
I love her as much as I hate Trump! Every day my heart stretches, as does my bowel (that is the hate muscle). #kamala2020 sorry about bowel!
