Abortion is healthcare? Or murder of unborn child?
Abortion is murder. My wife and daughter have not committed murder. They value life.
I'm not insane, but you are insulting.
you're damn right I'm insulting you- you have no right to legislate a woman's body until you know the mind of God or know the unknowable
I didn't legislate a woman's body. Why do you legislate murdering the unborn?
Hope they tell Senator Murphy ahead of time
Isn't that what you're doing senator you are willing to let Obamacare die rather than compromise
@gmo1stmimi The band from LAS VEGAS is playing in LOS ANGELES tomorrow or the next day.  How can LA prepare just in case?
@LAPDHQ 
@CBSNews
People is too broad a word- you should say Republican monsters!
What about every1 who lost care  when obama care kicked in? Why dont you cate about them???
Politician says stop playing politics w health care? Ok, so maybe government should get out of health care and leave to private sector. LOL
Tell that to your buddy @POTUS44
You are so right Kamala! And @realDonaldTrump just did. #MAGA #DTS
@gmo1stmimi  Not this pup! Somebody need to sit him down and explain how NO CHOICE works!
@NAACP 
@MAXINEWATERS 
@cher 
@RWPUSA 
@SenWarren
Personally I think 20 weeks is plenty of time to terminate a pregnancy. Why wait so long?
This late it's almost always a medical issue for the baby, mother, or both.  Women usually DON'T wait that long.
This goes against our constitutional right. Sorry but this better be fought if it passes.
constitutional right isn’t for me to pay abortions because women can’t  legs shut, if it’s not medically necessary pay for your own
Abortion is not healthcare I think you believe your, people who make poor choice and don’t to be responsible have abortions
If this doesn't get women to the polls, I don't know what will.
not all women sleep around without protection, and chose to abort kids if there’s an accident.Its shameful it’s so exceptible.
Since when is late term abortion described as health care? Endangers both mother and baby.
end barrycare
RYAN IS TIME FOR YOU TO STEP DOWN WITH ALL YOUR SWAMPS.
That's how the ACA was created, Playing politics."Can't know what's in it 'til you pass it"? You know that. That makes you a hypocrite...!
It's okay for Reps and Senators with mistresses to take advantage of abortions, though. #hypocrisy 
As we all know it's not about being prolife for the @GOP. It's about controlling women. The @GOP just tried to pass GrahamCassidy taking1
Republican women like being women wives and moms and liberal perceive that as control. It’s crap
So late-term abortions are not just the price of freedom but mass shootings are? @SpeakerRyan @billoreilly
We pay for abortions not guns and this guy would of got guns requardless of the laws .
How much money did you receive from Planned Parenthood?
how much money did you give to GOP who voted to leave millions pf children without HC..let me guess you are Christians
I worked and couldn’t get free insurance or pay fo it. If we weren’t  paying for  HC for  illegal kids ours might be covered
AMEN!
Abortion is NOT healthcare, unless the womans life is in danger! Quit with your identity politics!
Like the liberals have been for years
Crazy thing is Bible says abortion is crime punishable by a fine. Exodus 21:22 not murder. Read your Bible and stop being ridiculous!
Msybr u should help by not supporting a plan that will not succed. Medicare for all.
I’m a doctor, and gov’t involvement has largely ruined health care.  You don’t want actual care, just the appearance of it.
@SenSchumer @NancyPelosi @BernieSanders @CoryBooker @SenWhitehouse @lisamurkowski @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins PLEASE take 1min READ 1/5
This is ridiculous. This group of old white rich men have no idea what a woman, afraid, maybe raped or carrying a baby who will not survive.
I totally agree with you Kampala!!!
Oops sorry about the name misspelled
I would love to play politics w @SpeakerRyan's #healthcare and #tickettoride w @elonmusk @bod526 @shamusnoblet .
People need to stop murdering babies.
Eddy Munster strikes again.
Every Victim of the Las Vegas shooting will receive different care and rehabilitation based on insurance and or lack thereof. Politics sorry
JUST NEVER STOPS
@SpeakerRyan didn't want to make Las Vegas political with gun policy  yet uses the tragedy as cover for @GOP anti-women policies!
Once again men telling us what we can do with our bodies
@SenKamalaHarris-don't you know GOP values intrauterine pre-life over infants, children, adults; how else can we explain fear of gun control
If reducing access to abortions reduces abortions why doesn't the same apply for reducing access to guns to address gun violence?
How do you compare the 2. Many lives are saved by guns to balance lives lost. With free birthcontrol we shouldn’t be paying for abortions
Yes, instead the should politicize mass shootings. Am I right?
Including Democrats
@RepTimMurphy Had His Mistress Get Abortion, Then Voted To Ban Other Women From Getting One
When any of those jerks can get carry a baby then they can pass this legislation. Until then they need to SIT DOWN AND BE QUIET
Pro-lifers are out again! The hypocricy is sickening. GOP STARTED EVERY WAR we have had & have no problem sending kids to WAR to be killed.
The goal before him, shows knowledge of the Sieve, the Wall, the Wing or the rear to support the van. #bot

If a #ResourceBasedEconomy is possible We MUST do it, or Stop FUCKING Pretending that the human goal is & Not  #TheVenusProject #Resist
@zenyatta1411 @NBCNews babe its not about health care , its always been about thee insurance companies, control greed
America is grieving for Vegas. Stop your politics
Who aborts after 20 weeks. Scared, raped or carrying a child with a condition that won't survive outside the womb. Teenagers, scared.
People unaware they were pregnant. People diagnosed with an illness, cancer, treatment can't be given whilst pregnant. An example.
I was 23. Just married. Pregnant. 13 weeks. Choice, abort or risk my life. I chose baby. 26 weeks I went into labour. My daughter was born.
Every intervention, she died at sixteen days. Got treated, and had two boys. With a lot of help. Got pregnant. 23 weeks by baby died in
Utero. Cancer came back. I made my choice. My daughter was diagnosed with cerebral palsy. If I had aborted, earlier treatment, one perfectly
Healthy fetus would have survived my last pregnancy and my sons would have been prem. Maybe. But had I terminated it would have been after
Twenty weeks. I died twice due to haemorrhage. Did I consider termination? Her life for mine? She already had cp. I made a choice. A very
Difficult one. Did I make the wrong decision? Possibly. I chose, after anguish, tears, anger. Now my choice isn't out there for others.
I'm starting to think some members of Congress should have been aborted.
This is ridiculous. This group of old white rich men have no idea what a woman, afraid, maybe raped or carrying a baby who will not survive
Babies are human
Killing babies that are viable and can feel pain?  What kind of monster would promote such a terrible death?
We already have laws covering abortion. Why do we need more? Isn't that the @GOP line of thinking with gun laws?
@metaquest @SpeakerRyan Why is it that  regulations will not stop massacres, yet you think this shit will stop abortion?
Yes @SenKamalaHarris, @CSPAN  U.S. House Representatives, TRUTH
Hypocrite. You are playing politics as an obstructionist. How about easy up on your ideology


This will go nowhere.  Abortion is legal. Hands off
I have never been able to understand why politicians should have any say what so ever in deciding what a woman should do re her choice
people? you are using that term way too loosely. you mean republicans.
At this rate I'm surprised us women are still allowed to drive. What country am I living in?
Men need to stop dictating what a woman can do
Like letting insurance companies write bills that force people to buy their product?
Hypocrites!
Senators need to stop playing politics with: Puerto Rico, illegal aliens, Russia, 2nd Amendment.
So killing a baby in ‘late-term’ is politics to you. Disgusting #monster thought process. Gearing up to be a ghoul at Halloween?
Women who get a late term abortion aren't doing it "because they changed their mind" Baby incompatible with life or put mom's life at risk
What koolaid are you drinking
@MSNBC @FoxNews @CNN Stopping a women’s right to choose while getting rid of the CHIP program so children will die by congress legally.
It should be illegal for men to have a say in women's health.
We need all become gun fanatic’s. Look what it did for abortion. Read this and pass it on....

Are you going to stop playing politics with EVERYTHING?
More people die in this country by gun violence than the number of LAT performed ant many of the latter are to save the mother's life
These stupid R's just take in boatloads of $$ don't need to run again!  America is not going to take it anymore! Repub. agenda sucks! not4Us
People being the GOP
Not holding my breath for @GOP stopping their 
I don’t begrudge@SpeakerRyan and others' religious beliefs, but I do object when they force them on me.
@SpeakerRyan - Hey - you may regret -  never know when a Repub may need this -
What about medical coverage for 9 million Children that just expired? Ryan the Closet Catholic When running for VP washing dishes in shelter
Only solution to this is to get government out of health care.  Let's do that.  #repealobamacare
so you're on your own when next deadly communicable  disease breaks out or you're poisoned by meds its the 21st fucking century ding dong...
"People"
GOP people will keep doing it until we get them out.
The premise this bill is based on is unproven.
hell why not just castrate all men since those eggs may feel pain being spiked by swimming sperm - who says eggs dont feel pain? WTF? GOP!
They don't know LTA are banned, except for emergencies only? The woman wants it, but it could kill her. This is sick.
Yes they do! I will die without my health care! That may not be saying anything to anyone else except me and my family. I still MATTER!
I rest assured knowing the junior California Senator will do all she can to ensure this #antiabortion bill is not passed in the senate. 
That Eddie Munster look alike needs to go.
Why don't they pass a  late -term ban on assault weapons?
I second that
FOX News:  "John McCain has brain cancer.  NOW IS NOT THE TIME to talk about healthcare.  Very disrespectful."
Men need to stop making decisions about what women can do with their own body.
Child support?
If you can’t do the time, don’t do the crime.
