What about the 6 police officers who were shot around the USA this past weekend, 2 of whom were ambushed and killed in Miami?
false choice. it's not either/ or. changing the topic this way is dishonest of you
The FBI issued a bulletin in may warning that radicalized white extremists are our biggest threat. Comments?
why are you changing the subject? why can't you admit white supremacy is a serious problem?
well, you're wrong, they exist. and they clearly are a problem. you need to stop endlessly deflecting reality
How about instead of grandstanding, you start working on Rs to get the votes to remove the supremacist in chief from office?
Don't put this on her it's your job to put pressure on the Republicans you change their mind freaking millennials helped elect Trump #Resist
Yes but she's in the senate which is where trump's removal from office will be voted on. She sees thes people every day
You're misinformed. The House has to act first.
I'm not misinformed. The house does have to act first but we're likely to take the house back in 2018. Senate is much harder. Start work now
It doesn't matter Phillip YOU NEED 2/3 or the Senate & we don't have & won't have it That's why Nixon resigned Senate had votes to remove
I remain hopeful that if the house takes the first step we can convince a third of GOP senators. Graham, Flake, McCain, Sasse, etc.
we must convince the electorate b4 that. They are corrupt & only react to their voters. @Mas5665 @Marguerite0131
Good, I think that's a great first step. PLEASE don't run in 2020. Let us have Bernie. You have YEARS to be president.
Man, stop it. I loved Bernie at first, but it was long ago time to move on. Look where all that clinging got the whole country. #Harris2020
https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/press-release … Have you read this? I'm not trusting anyone the DNC is pushing.
I use this great app that filters hoax sites. This site gets a little poop emoji. Cos, y'know, it's not real. I'm sorry, but...yeah.
These emails were hacked from the campaign. Are you really going to go all fake news with this? Clinton never denied them.
wikileaks is Russian--mingling reality w/fiction--to put Trump in office. I wouldn't wipe my shoes with it. Loved Bernie. Moved on.
Well since she LOST it's moot. Still ridic but moot. Just saying, Bernie is a was. The question is what next? 1st: depose #TinPotTrump
Am I being blocked?
What about Antifa and BLM, they are as implicit, as a fact they are still conducting property damage! Arrest all criminals!
and paid by Sorros - what the #$#$#$  ??? dems are all blah blah blah ---oh woooie wooie do.. hoo ha hoo ha--- wha wha wha..
I hope the impeachment process has started, hope I don't have to see his ugly FAT face with his asshole  mouth ever again
Why not hearing on all instigators of violence including vigilante actions in response to hate? Rev. MLK, Jr. won by nonviolent action.
Why don't you call a hearing on the genocide occurring in Chicago on a daily basis?  I guess black people killing each other is OK with you?
Or maybe look in your own backyard.  Ask Janet Napalitano to stop creating riots at Berkley!
@Jer_Schn_  Senator Harris. What can b done about Trump pardoning Arpaio?Does congress even care that he pardoned a racist?
Please Senator Get It Done!
Trumo called out all forms of bigotry,racism and violence . You think their were only white racist there? Black racist and fascist .
Have been
Every day you make me prouder that I voted for you.
REALLY!!!!
Go girl
Morons all
One question how did the non white supremacist get there weapons they're armed on video alsowere there stick& bat vendors? both came armed
Oh look, parroting "on many sides" malarkey. Any violence from left is condemned by left. Your deflection is yet another false equivalence.
are are so ignorant OF COURSE it was two sides- did you not see the live TV shots???? only dem talking points and media lying differs
Of course you are!
good idea. A black man killed 5 police officers because they were white. Hearing for black on white crime too?
Just concentrate on prosecuting criminals and forget about your political agenda.
Discuss the facts you socialist witch
Whites commit less crimes , Muslims in the last 20 years are the largest group of terrorist arrest and kills .
After tonight's lunatic speech at the #PhoenixRally we citizens are calling for a new administration.  Skip these useless hearings, eh?
thank you!
at lying dems and the media---
Please do not lose sight of #russia. That goes to the core of our democracy.
Sorry dude, Russia, Russia, Russia came up snakes eyes, but there's another shiny object to fascinate the low infos now, insurrection
Don't forget 2 discuss the terrorist group Black Lives Matters.  They have still not been held responsible 4 the killings of Dallas police.
Uhhhh....WHAT ABOUT VIOLENT BLACK SUPREMACY.... #BLM TO BE EXACT....ALONG WITH ANTIFA WASTES!!
Antifa are a much larger and more violent problem. Work on that.
This didn't age well.
Members of Congress-

We the people want you to call for Trump's resignation & say if he doesn't then he should face impeachment.

America
Save us Kamala!!
are you kidding-- she has a big mouth and that's it!!! brains  nope
Investigate the GOP? Hmm,....
lock up Hillary
Stupid women they ideology of these groups are the same. There is no difference. Whites aren't jailed as much as blacks .
Any other freedoms you'd like to deny us Senator?#HillaryIsStillGoing2Prison
Awww ,,, you know dem white folk ain't violent! ! 
Ma'am, sad event with death of young lady, but where is the hearing for daily domestic terrorism in Nola?  Drive by a and street shootings
Whites weren't  violent. They had permit to protest. It was ANTIFA n BLM that ran ads on craiglist hiring 4 $25hr anti protesters n violence
2 Hearings on how US establishment supports Jewish Supremacy, Jewish Supremacist state when?
1 Pew: 80% of Israeli Jews said Jews deserve preferential treatment in Israel. 48% said Arabs should be removed.
Blacks murdered how many people that weekend in Chicago alone? Nation reeling, still healing. Hearings on black murderers when?
What about the terrorist group AntiFa?  or Black Lives Matter - they killed 5 cops in Dallas last year.
Grandstanding to the n'th degree.
What a crock senator. That's like having the fox investigate the hen house. We are not all as foolish as you suppose.
You demoNazis are good a grandstanding and delaying tactics..  are you hiding from Little Debbie's IT scandal???
@ChelRBR  Are you going to include Antifa & BLM racist in the investigation or won't Soros let you? Hypocrite.
@ChelRBR finally someone going after Antifa! Thank you!!!
Still practicing white racism ....no one condones their behavior! An investigation is a waste of taxpayer money.
Go ahead, everything you corrupt Dems have tried has boomeranged right back in your face; tick tock....
Why not investigate black lives matter also. Look at the violence they've been involved since obama endorsed them. Kinda racist. You won't
Anifta should be no 1 on your hit list.
You mean the DEMOCRATS SOROS FUNDED IDIOTS. While u at it Hillarys emails & pay to play/DWS investigation.
So then explain why ANTIFA had their faces covered? Seems like you support modern-day Brownahirts. That would make you a racist.
And we're calling for an investigation into Obama/ Soros funded domestic terrorists Antifa!
Which therefore will incite a civil war...ding bat. Wake up...
Well well well, we are calling for BLM as a terror group along with Antifa....the rate of hate you spew, the entire USA will be labeled...
America needs 2 wake up 2 the lies B4 it's too late. All being lured insidiously to path of no return
Need that hearing for violent democrats as well. May have to make some calls.
Thank you. You need to get on MSNBC to speak on the issues, the People need to hear & see you, Booker & other Democrats. Dems  shout out!
Did those white supremacists (idiots) have the right to assemble? Did they file for it? Did black lives matter file?
You better include #blm and #antifa on that list too the worst of our homeland terroist
How about a Senate Hearing on declaring Antifa a terrorist, criminally funded, organization? No? Shocking?
That's called the Democratic party
So, last weekend 9 negros were murdered in Chicago. The week before, another 9 negros murdered. And I bet your tripping on me saying negros?
Thank you! The right to free speech cannot be valid in the pursuit of hatred and violence!
Did you do the same for domestic terror attacks of BLM in Texas? How about antifa? VA baseball shooting? #DEMhypocrisy!!!
Way overdue.
u piss away money like its friggin water...ur all a bunch of crooks
Let's also have some public seminars for those that don't process the truth of how monuments and flags have been used to continue oppression
How about all violent racist(hate) type groups.  Why do you want to keep racism alive?   Last few years has been more viopence by others.
You can at least try&give the appearance of fairness by also looking into BLM & Antifa. Without those two groups we wouldn't have any riots!
a senate hearing for investigating a couple hundred nut cases ?  now do Antifa and BLM
So stupid. Feed tha flames of misinformation, lies, and exaggeration. Liberalism 101
How about violent black Supremacy Apparently one bunch of blacks thinks they're superior to the others they keep shooting them in Chicago.
How about adding antifi and BLM both racist bigot groups
Yay!
Can we finish Russia first? I am hoping Russian investigation will be Dumpster's demise. First things first.
I would like to see a grand jury investigation as well into AntiFa surrounding Berkeley and other cities across the nation.
Nice work!

What about violent black supremacy groups funded by #Soros

We should look into ALL domestic terror groups #Nazis #Antifa #BLM
Will you also call for a senate hearing on the violent BLM who participated or are u gonna make it one sided
Your phones must be very tired...
White supremacists were a bunch of losers who no-one gave a crap about, The left made them a big deal. There is no violence without the left
Are you calling Antifa 'white supremacists' now?
Don't forget to call hearings for violent Antifa & violent BLM. Thx.
There was no domestic terror attack in #Charlottesville you despicable traitor. Where were the hearings when 5police officers were murdered?
You'll never get the hearing, but if you do get it Jeff Sessions might be a good place to start as witnesses go.
IMO you are an anti-white hate monger who is creating racial and class animosity for personal political gain & attention @SenKamalaHarris
U S Govt should declare white supremacist organizations a terrorists organizations.
It's about time
While you're at it, you might want a hearing on Black Lives Matters, who are more violent, aggressive, racist & destructive!
Kammy!  You can start with George Soros who helped the Nazis. & is funding White, Black, & Brown  Supremacy.  He's a donor of yours?  YES!
Good idea but also look at violent ANTIFA. Be fair.
.@SenKamalaHarris You should first start with the causes of MOST violent protest ... #antifa, #BlackLivesMatters, #BAMN, @BarackObama etc.
Well Kamela, that would mean u wouldn't it????
.And antifa? What about black lives matter?
All proudly supported by Soros and the peeping Uncle Tom x president!
Why not on all violence? #BLM commits violent crimes. Your proposal is targeting a certain race which is racial. You're a divider, not Trump

You can't go after one militant group as long as you defend others
What about black separatist groups and radicalization within the US, investigate one, investigate them all #racecard #identitypolitics
But not violence from Antifa or BLM?
Yeah? What about the violent ANTIFA??????????? Tell both sides of the story, and quit being a PUPPET to STUPIDITY.
Lol how's that Dem fundraising going? The young progressives will NEVER vote for you
As long as you also call for a hearing on antifa and their violence. The violence is what you should be calling a hearing for
They need to be labeled as terrorists and treated as such. They have shown they mean to be evil, & will use violence to further heir goals.
AND I AM A WHITE MALE!
I LIVE IN La. AND I AM AMAZED AT THE UNDERTONES OF RACISM THAT EXISTED SINCE B. O. GOT ELECTED. I GUESS MY HEAD WAS IN THE SAND AND I AM 63!
So you can use it as a Gun grabbing Scam?  Guess what.. we in California still have all ours..
AND THE STATE OF DTS' MIND I HOPE!
We need someone like you to publicly say what ESPN did to Robert Lee is idiotic. Bad for Dems to think like this.
How about all hate groups?
2/2 victims of most race crime.  Whites, not blacks, not anyone else. You are hardly representing ALL w/ your race-baiting
white supremacy is a myth the Democrat Party has fabricated to divide the country. whites are 5th in income and... 1/2
Again, I insist you call for a hearing on the ongoing victimization of white people by minorities.  This is where the #s r
US senators don't have access to impartial federal crime stats, which show WHITES are usually the victims of race crime?
Newsflash, propagandist: 90% of race-based violent crime victims are white.  Why is that?
Thank God-should have been addressed immediately upon their elevation to point of leaving disguises off. Pls consider war crimes punishment.
Just PLEASE ACTUALLY DO SOMETHING. #DiplomacyBeDamned  Thank you.
Yes. Do something, Kamala. Please and thank you.
#California resident/US constituent requesting Amendment to the Constitution. TY, Senator! #Nazi gazed people! views not freedom of speech!
and what is the point of this picture??? are you blaming republicans??? now I have heard everything !
Go Kamala! Thank you for that. It's out of hand.
Again Senator, France+Germany prohibit public display of #Nazi symbols/swastika/SS logo, except4 historical purposes. #amend #1stAmendment !
Confederate displays would currently be covered by your argument
What would that accomplish?
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris for leading this charge!
Ask why WH took them off the terror watch list+defunded comm watching them
NOIZE
Thank You!!!
Don't forget to reinstate funding for KKK, white supremacist, neo-Nazi investigation & prosecution
Domestic terror attack? You mean by ANTIFA who show up illegally to legal protests and incite violence? No of course not.
Thank you!
Harris 2020
As long as you investigate the following: Black on Black crime in Chicago, BLM hate crimes against Whites/Hispanics/Asians et. al. #Equality
During the hearings on "white supremesit" domestic terrorism make sure you mention BLM and Anitfa. They are terrorists also
Will you discuss the widening wealth gap but the rich and poor of this country or you and your colleagues part of the problem? #gositdown
Yes!!! Hate groups need to be labeled as terror organizations!
That is good. We need more. We need you to help @HouseGOP Judiciary Comm. to get the ball rolling on #Impeachment also and quickly! Please.
@SenDonnelly @SenToddYoung please work with Sen Harris. This is a huge problem in IN and we need action!  Your voters are paying attention
Why didn't we have hearings when the leftist antifi was burning Berkley or Black Lives Matter burning down cities and looting? Hypocrite
Need to treat them as terrorist organizations.
You're nothing but a highly-paid race baiter.
Remember BLM and Texas and the five cops that were killed when you do that!
You are one phony individual. How embarrassing to our country that you are using the Obama playbook.
talk to the house about restoring funding for groups working to track and deradicalize white supremicists
We demand you address rampant black violence.  Blacks attack whites at a rate five times greater than whites attack blacks.  @BreitbartNews
We stand w you Senator Harris!
U all need to call for trump to be removed!! We had enough of this craziness! #whatruallwaitingfor
Thank God 

That's no shit doll.. hi LOL 
What took you so long?
No need to have an enquiry. They operate with impunity and the protection of the 1st Amendment.
What will a hearing accomplish? Anything more than political points?
And while you're at it let's investigate Clinton, Podesta, Rice, Lynch, Lerner, et al!


Sure you are. BecauSe you are nuts.
White supremacy is in all the institutions: criminal justice, education, jobs, housing, business ownership, etc...where do you start??
How bout an impeachment or something?
Yeah, there are a lot  of white kids in the Anarchist, communist movement called Antifa.
. Omg... How can this moron actually say such stupid stuff.. What about the violent morons that shoot cops in the back?
I agree 100% and I also want this televised during prime time for maximum exposure. We need to call this out and figure out a resolution.
How bout a senate hearing on the ongoing antifa violence.   Months of it and you and others won't condemn.  Real domestic terrorists.
Kamala: Do you support Antifa?
Great! Is #Antifa hearing the next day?
And while you're at it let's investigate Clinton, Podesta, Lynch. Lerner, Rice, et al.
Thank you, it's about time.
We should also talk about it in schools. Let's teach children why it is on the wrong side of history.
LATE
it will fall on deaf ears, congress,house&top Gov’t don’t care about people of color, clearly-dead unarmed people of color r just statistics
Why don't you look into ANTIFA violence everywhere they go.  A much bigger problem that is going to ignite mass violence.

Make it happen. Please.
And investigate the 6 blue lives assassinated  during your blm riot in Dallas
Since when to you care about Whites using violence on Whites, especially the #ANTIFA dressed in Black wearing masks. Dems = ISIS.
