President Trump privately signed an anti-Planned Parenthood law today http://cnn.it/2ociYUp  
How unsurprising that evil remains evil. And, women voted for this disgrace of a human. Such a cruel, punitive bill.
What's cruel & evil is murder. It's a disgrace women have their babies killed. Evil does remain, murder!
You straight off the back judge me calling me a disgrace for who I voted for. Is that not also quick to condemn?
I've been that story. A 17yo Mom, then 22yo Mom with 2 jobs just to scrape by. I'm not condemning women, I condemn murder.
I support women's choices, just not abortion. If women choose to have abortions that's their choice, but tax dollars should NEVER be used.
Murder is not healthcare. if they want real healthcare, plenty of legit locations to find it #scoreoneforbabies
What like school nurses? Prisons? You have no idea how hard it is for some women and men to access affordable healthcare? You are selfish!
doctors and hospitals are readily available - even the CVS walk-in nurse...so don't lie to American public about PP mission which is murder
So stop funding Israel too ?
There committing MURDER too 
Don't lie
Advocating murder of millions of American babies based on the nation of Israel. What a stretch. Either way, close your legs and your mouth
Ain't so Christlike now are ya ? You Christian Hypocrites amuse me . 
You poor thing confuse Christianity with weakness. Did you learn nothing from the MOAB this week. Christian = strength and the ultimate win

He makes me think of a serial killer. No consience, driven to hurt people & willing to kill w/o remorse, elated afterward.
Sounds much like Planned Parenthood and selling baby parts.
First off @LLfromnyc I'm not a girl! I am a WOMAN, a mother & grandmother. I have fact checked for 40 years. Ignorance must be bliss!
@realDonaldTrump - Coward! I hope you like your health care while the people you claim to help are now more challenged to get healthcare.
#ThankYouMrPresident! Another promise kept! #LoveMyPresident
What are Dems doing about this?
Sneaky isn't he....wonder what else he does that's that sneaky.
The women who voted for Trump deserve nothing but scorn.
That's pretty tolerant
COWARD!
NOOOOOOOWTF!!!
Why do you people think it's only about abortions? It's about health care for women get a clue.
Pity. Have to pay for your own abortions? The shock and horror.
They already do idiot. No Federal funding goes to abortion. This is for cancer testing, std testing, education, pre-natal care.
No Federal funding for Abortions?...That's a good one...
Yes. It happens to be true. Wow, an Australian knows more about your laws than you do?
Taxpayers pay for Abortions....So padding yourself on the back didn't thrill me...
It doesn't yank funding. It gives the power back to each state to decide. It was approved by congress a couple of weeks ago. #FakeNewsCNN
Where is the economic benefit in defunding early detection of cervical and breast cancer?
Where is Ivanka's outrage? #Complicit
572 days until midterm election. Dems need 24 more seats in house, 5 in senate. 572 days. Wait. Remember. Vote.
No#senkamalaharris he allowed the federal government to withhold funds from those who provide abortions..
Why u so want the babies killed ?
Legal don't make it right ....
ABORTIONS are not healthcare!
It's not all about abortions.
#trumpIsTheSwampMonster
Does not surprise me with Trump, typical hate and ignorance from them.
60 million babies ripped out of the womb since 1973. God bless @POTUS for stopping the carnage & brutality. @PoliticalKathy @IsabelleAliciaa
My daily reminder of the disgust I feel for the women who voted for Trump.
"women's health care" Ha!!
Absolutely ridiculous!    He needs to be stopped
Who was going to stop him. Not the Republicans that's for sure. Now they have their chance to be as nasty as it can be.
*gasp* you mean a private company has to survive on its own without tax payer money !? SWEET MOTHER OF GOD , WHAT SHALL WE DO !?
You mean a healthcare provider who was giving low cost necessary healthcare to people who could barely afford to eat? And yes HEALTH. CARE.
Yes, I'm not one for tax payer subsidies for any corporation .
I wish we could defund his trips to Florida. At least we can make him dance.
Presidential travel is funded  at beginning of fiscal year, so it's already funded   . he doesn't travel like the Obamas
You are kidding, right?  Please do you're homework.
And saved the lives of many babies
No. If women can't access legal affordable abortion they will get it other ways. And women will die. Ask doctors who worked pre Roe vs Wade
Not a good argument for state-sponsored murder of babies. Try again
Has this man no conscience?
So when he gets impeached how long will it take to turn all of this around? Seriously!
From this lying pathetic fraud
trumps behavior is pure dictatorship. We shouldn't have to follow the laws of a putin appointed "president" 
#resist
During the primaries, Trump was the only Republican candidate who would admit that Planned Parenthood does good work.
The tyrant plods on, anything to wreck the Country and divert
##
What a _uck.
The war on women escalates.
Too soon for another Women's March on Washington DC?
Abortion is not healthcare. Of course Planned Parenthood needs to be defunded. Immediately.
Might hurt your campaign donations
@DiscoPriest @PPFA @CNN More of the swamp draining that's made HIM so popular. Such a jerk!
@Alyssa_Milano @PPFA GOOD!
Do something about this crackpot
Isn't that how he usually treats women?
So sad for this country and women's health
Oh no. Why is the government anti-women. Nothing changes.
Fine. I will get a second job to support them!
Nothing to see here.  I'm going to sign this and distract with attempts to start Vietnam II...
What he did was give states the right to fund or not fund the body parts farms 
Flexible deviant coward
NOT HIDDEN, I heard about it
Makes me so angry!
That is what bullies do.
Coward!!!  He knew if he made that action a public thing the pushback he was going to receive!!!
- people need to protest at town hall meetings
Vile
I can just assume that anything he signs his name on will not benefit the American people. At least not the lower 97%
Grrrrrrrrrr!!!
COWARDS
HAHA, soon you'll see how an Orban-like autocracy looks like!

Fight back
I can only hope if N Korea takes aim at the US, the target is either the White House or Mar-a-Lago. Trump and his crooked admin,need to go!!
You misspelled "abortion clinics."
"But his soul was mad. Being alone in the wilderness, it had looked within itself and, by heavens I tell you, it had gone mad." J. Conrad
Precision conniving.
Please there are women's clinics everywhere, they just may not preform abortions. In the up side they almost always have OB/GYN on staff!
Trump & #GOP have no interest in women/women's health! We MUST #VoteGOPOutOfOffice! They are taking us back to 1950s! #ProtectWomensHealth
To whom it may concern, birth control is actually very inexpensive. You're welcome.
When there's no fanfare toy know he's up to something sneaky.  He's doing nothing but ruining #US.
Cheetohead is a tool,you all know this. You could key his car or make sure he doesn't get fed. Put Russiagate together solid-do it-no holes
He does some of his best work behind closed doors....according to the Russians anyway.
not so proud, huh donnie?
@feliciaday @PPFA Specifically, the bill allows states to defund planned parenthood and does nothing by itself.
Yet he spends tax payer's money like there's no tomorrow on weekends to golf at Mar a lago.
And how much will that save the US government?
Get real : chopping of babies' limbs to kill them in utero is NOT health care
So what were Ivanka's sycophants saying just recently about her having a moderating influence on him?
Yet. I am sure he relied heavily on the services from his past indiscretions
No doubt.
He thinks his bombing distractions can cover his dirt but someones all ways watching.

You mean he signed a LAW passed by Congress overturning an Obama-era rule enacted in December 2016 (after the election)?
Sad!
More proof he is trying to protect innocent little babies who cant protect themselves!  Abortion is murder!
he is so slimy! Won't do it openly because he is a bully & bullys are CHICKEN!
Every woman needs to be reminded of this next time there is a vote
SD sick man
Wow, another day pussygrabber elect shows what a massive douche he is. That's what, 87 days in a row? Shocker right?
Chicken-S**t slimy scum!
Wow he must have learned that secret signing from Obama
Abortion should not be an option for irresponsible behavior !! contraceptives are cheaper than procedures and no one has to die .
POTUS=Punk Of The United States. .
It doesn't yank funding. It gives the power back to each state to decide. It was approved by congress a couple of weeks ago. #FakeNewsCNN
To decide to cut funding?
Yep
Even if one state cuts this (and you know they will) it's a travesty. Poor women will suffer. Some will die.
PP isn't/shouldn't be the only provider of HC 4 women. Instead states will fund state/county/parish clinics, pay private MD (Medicaid Exp).
@CecileRichards Need your help!
@pynance can give you another point of view. Title X dollars will still be spent on family planning & woman's health screening.
.but not enough for most providers to do the work. That's the sad truth.
How much of the money was used to kill babies?  If u r so concerned about "women's health" why do u want more Muslim immigrants? @FoxNews
More winning.
PP is in a lot of red states with high poverty rates. Where is the outrage from those states?
Why isn't he having a photo op on this one?
Why do you people think it's ok for my tax dollars to fund this? Have fund raisers,  charge, ask for donations.

That's the way we want it.
Why are women more important than men? Medicaid covers women for breast,cervical,ovarian cancer,yet they don't cover men for prostate cancer
No, he allowed states to make the decision whether they want to collude with the murder of children in the womb. Healthcare is still safe.
YES  Finally you can pay for your own aborted fetus you got from your choice to inseminate.
Republicans do not practice #transparency. If #honesty, #truth & transparency are principles you value, do not vote #GOP. #2018 #VoteBlue
There's this place that you rich people know nothing about. It's called your local health department. They take excellent care of women.
Oh My Lord. This Idiot isn't just a Lunatic he's a Monster!
Chickensh#@
potus knew this wasn't good.
He saved a lot of  innocent babies
Guess he didn't give 2 s about what Ivanka had to say. Wait....what? Ohhhhh....complicit.
Here comes another march. Marching for our lives #ImpeachTrump  #Trumprussia
Taking healthcare from women, in a most cowardly way, to try and save yourself from impeachment. How low can he go?How long can we remember?
Of course, he didn't "defund" the slaughter-house known as Planned Parenthood. But nice to see you're all upset that abortion mills keep up!
You, 45, are the spawn of the Devil! Your children, grandchildren, great grandchildren and beyond will pay for your greed!
why should my taxes pay for abortions?
Coward traitor.
This is the biggest farce on Americans ever - this President is going to set us back 100 years! And get us killed, too! Stop Him Now!!!
Why aren't women considered people too?
@Alyssa_Milano @PPFA where's men's healthcare
@feliciaday @PPFA @CNN Abortion is not health care. #DefundPP

@Amoney666 @PPFA @CNN resist!
Recalling pundits during election saying Trump's real stance towards reproductive rights was OK, nuttin' 2 b concerned about. Yeah...
Unforgivable #Resist #Trumprussia
Our POTUS is a slimy dude.
WOMEN WILL DIE trump, an you dont care
Don!
@drew_xray @PPFA you're misleading the sheeple; it strengthens states rights
@GPBmadeit @PPFA @CNN He's a coward!!!!!
Thank you for repeating this...I just heard a snippet of news about it then THEY went on to worse stuff.
It is about time killing is not a form of birth control in the eyes of The civilized
If I'm reading this correctly he's giving rights to states for them to decide is that right?
How is this so under-reported???
Coward @realDonaldTrump can't stand him
Gotta pay for more MOABs and missiles somehow 
On NBC news broadcast tonight Lester said the room was full of women. What woman would be ok with taking funding away from women. 
I would. There are local health departments in almost every county in this Country that serve women's needs. They don't provide abortions.
So u are saying because they perform a legal service they should have their funding cut. Do u realize the average cost of a patient at the
And the Senate voted to make women register for the draft.  Can't get birth control, but can get shot for oil.
I would say THAT is the real MOAB...
Sexist!!!!
Grand Old Pompous Asses

Trying to cut through the noise. #whattheysay

#TheResistance…
That's great.  You pay for it instead of me.
Greasy POSPOTUS

 Cool to know, thanks
He's proving again how spiteful & vindictive he is - again striving for failure.
Little scared. Almost frightened. Some cowardice around
Coward
Great no more tax payer dollars to kill babies you're a sick woman.
It's about time.
What a dick wad....
women with ACA, medicaid any insurance can see any reg doctor they want to. tax payer does not have to pay for abortion, pay yourself.
Taxpayers don't pay for abortions. Hyde amendment. Not that that'll slow your sanctimonius rant.
#Trump just signed a bill to defund baby slaughters like @PPFA? Bravo!
You mean abortion providers, really.  Women don't nee to go there for any other reason. Get pap smear elsewhere. Smell of death in the air
You have no idea how hard that is. Abortion is legal whatever your faux moralism says. Your willingness to deprive women of health care sick
Repubs sooo have a War on Women going on.
@Alyssa_Milano @CNN Great. Take that money and give it to moment health centers that don't harvest baby tissue for profit.
Hey! Thanks for your help @IvankaTrump 
Yeah, like @BarackObama would sign/release on Friday nights when no one was watching!
Great
.@realDonaldTrump Hey! Why so private Donald? Aren't you proud of what you've done? Or do you feel shame, as you should? @SenKamalaHarris
The Russians don't have a pee-pee tape. It's S&M and Donald is the submissive. He's beaten and walked like a dog. #underagegirls #resign
1/2 children killed by planned parenthood are FEMALE. Not healthy for those young women. Woman's health is not killing! Killing is killing.
He was saying he was going to do it for the longest, I mean are you surprised?
He is such a women hater!
Its callef federalism. Read about it
@CNN Really, U know women have the right to vote, might need a remedial history lesson. @POTUS @indivisibletxjc
Please stop this man!
Who did he do it for? Because he could care less about women's health....
1 @SenKamalaHarris @JerryLingle @PPFA  Trump's an ILLEGITIMATE POTUS. Once the truth's made official @HillaryClinton must be Instated as
2 @SenKamalaHarris @JerryLingle @PPFA @HillaryClinton 
POTUS. Ipso facto anything this FRAUDULENT POTUS put N2 action becomes null & void!
YAY
And I'm not paying for anymore prostatectomies, exams, viagra, penile implants.
@NavKaz @PPFA @CNN so that meeting with Ivanka went real well.
@Alyssa_Milano @PPFA It shows u he is afraid of strong women.
An answer to prayer, Kamala! Thanks for sharing this encouragement
Good!!! Obama did numerous signings- most were "over reach of power"
I like these trump supporters who use the word "crusade" in their names. Do they fly rebel flags also? Innuendos are telling.
