First on CNN: AG Jeff Sessions did not disclose Russia meetings in a security clearance form, DOJ tells CNN. http://cnn.it/2qXAeS2  
Sessions & trump are BOTH a disgrace to common decency & morality that WE PAY FOR!!
Have u forgotten obama and hillay?  A coward and a liar..
Trump is the Greatest President Ever! SESSIONS KNOWS HOW TO DO HIS JOB WELL!
And you happen to know everything 
Can't believe you're kicking a cute little dishonest racist puppy when he's down.
Right?!?
I have a visceral loathing for that man.
My hit list for anti-Americans in power are  Sessions, Bannon, Trump. Different days, Trump and Bannon flip, but Sessions is always on top.
When I read tweets like this from the "party of tolerance and equality," it makes me so happy that @HillaryClinton isn't our president.
Cool. Name a Jeff Sessions policy.
I liked the bush tax reform policy that helped small biz, Not a fan of harsh punishments for non violent offenses, like drug possession.
I can't really get more descriptive in 140 characters.
We can definitely do better than #SessionsMustGo. Is our system of checks and balances working effectively?
Please get rid of this poor excuse for a human being! His DOJ is corrupted and compromised.
AMEN!! Lock HIM up!!!!
Lock you up Sessions is The Greatest! Love  that guy and I know you do to!
Yep! As much as the stomach flu & hemorrhoids!!
Kamela is a giant dummy. He didn't lie under oath. You are a liar.
Lol. Victicrat.
Prove it!
your Muslim Terrorist pal Linda Sarsour run.  Yet you Dems would have no problem with a convicted Terrorist. You just hate GOP people.
What's simple is that you DEMS lie constantly. I'm sure you'll TRY running in 2020 Harris, but you'll never win! Maybe you should have....
You know who lied under oath?  HIllary Clintont! Many times over and over! YOU lefties are hanging with Terrorists like Linda Sarsour!
But yet he was the deciding vote to allow Obama care to be passed by the Supreme Court... it's simple right?
He has recused himself from investigations then acted upon them.He is a racist, a hater and will not stop at that.  WHYHASN'THEBEENDISBARRD
And he's never going to indict Trump on obstruction charges as he should.
Why is this being tolerated? Any other administration should have had him out immediately.
The GOP is policing the GOP. Dems must take back the House and/or Senate then hearings galore until 2020 & put his agenda in deep freeze.
Then the small fact that he's managing oil deals with Russia and is the X head of Exxon. Small conflict?
Shorter list would be the innocent in this Russian fiasco destroying this nation.
also, he just sucks and is a racist keebler elf
@faiza_n_ali He is not going anywhere. Deal with it
Congressman John Lewis should decide the fate of
this creep.
I will not stop fighting until the full truth is out and Linda Sarsour is OUT of the USA or in a prison cell. She will not have a voice!
NOT SURPRISING,  THEY HAVE DRUG DEALERS RUNNING DISTRICT POLLS....
@holesinthefoam The whole #WH-bunch should be impeached'.
I really hope an underpaid staffer is tweeting nonsense every 3 mins & not an actual senator making in excess of 100k..  #partisanclown
Your timeline is a partisan sewer troll
You supported an admin that weaponized our intelligence community against American citizens. Let that sink in.. Resist that..
You're so partisan that you support an admin even if they colluded with the Russians to throw an election. Let that sink in.
Throw an election?  You're an adult (i assume- cartoon profile pic aside) who subscribes 2 a wild theory 2 satisfy ur tantrum & denial
But what's he gonna do? It's been so long he's surely forgotten all the Keebler cookie recipes.
1) The more tainted one is, appears to land you at the top of this WH's hiearachical pyramid. Con artist, bullies, liars,
2) looking for jobs, jobs,jobs? Sign up now, at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave, while opportunity allows. Swamp won't be there long
No shit, the math is pretty simple on this one.
Why that rascally L'il Ol Possum Beauregard!!
Why don't you guys haul him into congress?
Those encounters were part of his job description, they were not misleading and he did not lie. Go do something useful.
Sessions is just like Trump they lied and continue to lie, Trumps behavior toward NATO and a President is unacceptable shoving and pushing
this man sends a message about the ppl of this country in which we are not like that at all. He has to be impeached get him out.
You're not required to report foreign contacts conducted in course of your duties. This needs to be determined or it's just a fake crisis
Haha eat it!
Sessions & Brietbart. And that creepy steve miller.
so? herpes is more popular than your party is kamilla....ps do u need a tissue 4 all that hillary ass kissing u did?
careful what you are saying, this man is sitting ag - innocent until proven else, is even not under investigation.
U are so totally right about this.
and he will get away with it too
He should be a guest of one of those private prisons he loves so much and has investments in.
Loretta Lynch just talked to President Clinton on a plane.  It drove all concerned crazy! She was blasted. Jeff Sessions is a sneaky ol Fox
Be nice to see the DNC buy some air time on Fox News maybe just maybe it could help a little bit
He should immediately be removed. Should never have been cobfirmed
I thought you were going to say "president" but yeah, I'll settle for this for now.
Likewise 4 a representative who does not care 4 the people she represent is unfit to be a representative.
Sources?
@jeffsessions #UNFIT4TopCop
I never thought a President could hire all criminals to be part of his cabinet.   Funny how he's above the law.
Agreed.  I hate that little man.  His voice sounds like the evil preacher in Poltergeist 2.
omg! THANK YOU FOR CALLING THIS OUT!!!!!!!! And thank you again for your service to the people of California and the US.
He shouldn't be allowed 2 leave his prison cell, but for an hour per day 4 fresh air & exercise, maybe a healthy meal & a shiv by the gang.
@cnnbrk :All @realDonaldTrump land needs to go!
Everyone knows this but the republicans
And, Trump shouldn't be POTUS
And, DeVos shouldn't be Ed secretary
And, Carson shouldn't be HUD head and on and on and on. ITS SICKENING 
Also he's a career racist who has spent decades disenfranchising & oppressing communities of color--that's the biggest reason he should go
Agreed.1.The AG of US should be an honorable man of impeccable Judical instincts.2.The AG of US should not be a racist.
Lock him up, lock him up, lock him up
I don't always support mandatory minimums, but when I do it's for treason
Wow. The 1st two sentences in your tweet apply to almost everyone in 45's White House! You can use them every day for other WH appointees.
Ready for you to start your campaign!
#DriveThemOut
Lock him up.
Call the rock for advice on getting that brow up.
@jeffsessions need to be locked up; resignation isn't sufficient. Corrupt good ol' boy. Puppet. Lapdog. @maddow @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan
And you shouldn't be a Senator.....so
Agreed!
You can get 5yrs for that
If that is so, and if that is a federal crime, then he should be charged and given a trial. Let a jury decide.
Absolutely right. 
Why are we not HEARING about this????
Seems we would expect honesty from head of Dept of Justice
The whole Administration is a sham
CROOKS & CONS!!! Wow, what has America come to?
Who's responsible for enforcing the law? & if that person doesn't, who's THEIR boss, etc? Seems someone should have authority to enforce.
I don't foresee him lasting long. They need someone who knows how to run an agency/country.
People did not believe that Trump would last long as GOP candidate either... We have to continue speaking out, writing, marching, etc.
And we have to stay informed. Reading, watching, listening... its becoming a necessity.
He should be put in Jail. He might be by the time we finish with this mess
Sound like you're talking about obama
He must be charged for lying on the SF86. He must be removed.
Agreed, But ... Why did you not prosecute Mnuchin?
Why is this not a story today? @ABC @TheDemocrats @CBSNews @NBCNews Is it too much to ask u to cover Gianetti, Sessions &TrumpNATO ignorance
The truth is the only way America will ALMOST straighten itself out is either by military intervention or insurrection. Screwed either way.
How much u want to bet he's a perfect Putin puppet? Watch his actions when he gets the slightest shook !!
You forgot the part about him being as racist AF...
Lock him up!
Lying Sessions
Love Tim Kaine
You forgot~ he is a danger to America! #JeffSessionsisatraitor
The elf claims every1 is trying 2 steal his cookies, while CLEANING-off Ur plate! BASH him --now!  @lorax58
Impeach Imprison Impale
Where is your tweet on British Intelligence leaks? That is a real crime unlike this. Left Ideology over country is your MO. #fakenews #MAGA
Jeff Sessions is a combination of Bull Connor and the Keebler Elves.
FIRE HIS ASS! @USAGSessions
How can our AG be a Liar? #fakeAG #fakepresident
We knew that on March 4. He's been tossing people in prison in the mean time. Unbelievable that this is happening #FlipitBlue
Agreed!!!
I lie under oath I'm going to jail, Sessions lies and he gets to be Attorney General how is this possible why is he not being removed
ENOUGH of Keebler Elf Sessions, why is the United States dealing with Liars that are dangerous to the citizens, Sessions needs to be gone
Politicians lie. "If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor" Apparently, it's ok for @TheDemocrats to lie though.
As someone that's gone through the security clearance process he in fact should be facing jail time
GOP today, Nazis, Skinheads, Fascist, KKK, Alt-Right, and above all corporate billionaires who laugh at before mentioned as useful idiots.
He wants to put people or immigrants in jail for far lesser crimes.
Um..... In prison for purguery!!! This administration is just blatantly attacking our democracy! How can a true American support them?
Buh Bye Keebler Elf reject !
How is this man AG of the United States?  WTF. #TrumpRussia #StopPresidentBannon
Amen...
as of yesterday!
Having Sessions as AG is quite similar to having Hitler as POPE
Fire him!
Lock him up.
In the land of the blind...the one-eyed man is King!! I mean land of lies, because lies are everywhere.
He NEVER should have been appointed. #FireSessions  #Sessions
Up until now, I thought Jefferson Davis Sessions was simply a garden variety, pencil-necked, Southern-fried bigot. I was wrong. He's worse.
The fact, he sits in the Whitehouse, makes my skin crawl ! His blatant racism , is appalling !
Totally agree
Time to put @USAGSessions in one of those private prisons he's invested in...
He's part of the root system. Bring the whole. Russian tree down.
Am I losing my mind?  Wasn't this issue brought up during his confirmation hearing,before he was sworn in?Too racist to be a fed judge, too!
#fakenews you chucklehead liberals are being lied to by your liberal corrupt media
DOJ fires back at CNN: Sessions was "instructed" not to list meetings connected with Senate activities http://washex.am/2rBQj0q  
agree! Why is she still there and not in court getting his ass in a sling?
#Sessionsresign constant pattern of lying about Russian contacts, recused then lied about that, THIS IS A COUNTRY OF LAWS #Sessionsresign
And his boss should not be our president.
rTump & his gang are all owned by Russians. Our country has been taken over, right under our noses.
He's following the Eric holder model so no big deal right????
but he stands to create a bonanza for the mercer and prince families through the private prison system. He's in place for that very purpose.
As my Senator, what will you do about this?
Recused himself from #TrumpRussia investigation, then violated it by being involved in #Comey firing. #crooked #corrupt #KKKsympathizer
It's discrimination against the Elf community. It's nothing but an Elf hunt.
He needs to be removed
Eric Holder, Susan Rice, and Hillary Clinton lied to Congress numerous times; yet, they remain heroes to Kamal Harris - partisan hack.
I could not agree more. If the U.S. Attorney Gen. doesn't understand the law, and defies the laws he should resign yesterday.
Are you kidding..Trump's partner in crime...won't get rid of him because he doesn't think he did anything wrong.
Treasonous Republicans are traitors
OK 
YOU GUYS take care of that please
But who else would be so good at interfering with the Russia investigation?
That is a lie. He did no such thing and you know it.
So what is Congress going to DO about it??
what he did is PURJURY, now time for the Elf to go to Jail
People always tell me to call my senator. But you save me the trouble. You're always way ahead of me and doing the right thing.
Plus he's a straight up old school racist.
Apparently he does not know or understand the law.
It is a prerequisite for this administration. WHERE IS CONGRESS?!?! @SpeakerRyan is it okay?!?! Oh yes we hear you loud and clear.#crickets
He should go back to being a spokesperson
PERFECT!!
He should resign, consider it a mandatory minimum sentence.
Don't Democrats go to prison for lying under oath?
He should resign.
ok so lets do something about all these liars !
Standards for an AG can't be this??!! Sessions has TO GO!!!
Perfect with popcorns...
U're a home grown terrorist. How you "Lewinsky'd" your way up the ranks to become SF DA is despicable. U'r no role model. #WillieBrown
BEYOND YES.
Think about for for a second, The Attorney General of the United States of America is a PROVEN liar.
He shouldn't be an attorney, period. #SessionsMustResign #SessionsMustGo #SessionsKeepsLying
The Evil Hillbilly Elf
Elves should be better than this.
Last I checked, lying under oath = perjury = jail time 
Agree!
Yes, it's definitely clear. But for some reason, they obviously see things differently. And Sessions plans to toughen up on small crimes
Another one will bite the dust real soon!
Lock him up! This is the so called law n order admin. How horrifying is it to watch the USA become international disgrace. Stop the madness
Impeachment is the solution...
It should be that simple hopefully he will be removed. Because that evil little man shouldn't of never been made AG.
Lock him up! #Trumprussia
You should totally be our new AG. #wishfulthinking #onedaymaybe or #kamala2020
Poor lefties can't handle losing
@AlabamaStateBar Is _this_ enough to revoke his membership?
Any comments on Debbie Wasserman Shultz threatening police doing an investigation?  Or does she get another pass because she is far far left
