California is literally on fire and this is what's on your mind. Really? You're priorities are showing!
She's only responding to Trump, who is the one threatening to rescind DACA on Tuesday. Where are his priorities???
Last I saw he is president and she is a senator representing my state that has immediate issues like oh you know lives & homes burning!
I'll wait for you to show me Trumps response to Cali wildfires....
If you are in an area impacted by a wildfire please heed evacuation orders and local officials. Stay safe!
Keep in mind that's one tweet compared to many about DACA and she is my state senator & I expect more from our leaders.
Trump's not your leader? 
Good to know thanks!
So you expect less from your President than your Senator?
Um, wildfires, hurricanes. Idk, just a few serious fights in front of us right NOW and you want this to be your platform? Disgusting!
And Trump is talking about rescinding DACA by Tuesday. Why aren't his priorities different?? She's only taking about this because of Trump
It's imperative to restore the rule of law, and not continue this downward spiral. I live in CA, over 25 billion a year to illegals. Enough!
In all seriousness though, DACA recipients pay IN to the system, and are not eligible for government benefits.
So that's not really a valid argument, it just reveals your prejudice
Enjoy your flight! 
Illegal immigrants having anchor babies.. nice drain.


Heres your anchor baby.   Good example.
Here's another angle.

Stop spewing your false narrative. Donald Trump will sign it AFTER it passes in Congress. Stop lying to the American People for your gain.
What about the American  people & defending the constitution. Dreamers = illegals #EndDACAnow
Are dreamers going to college for free cuz my folks aren't?
Being disingenuous, Kamala. If there's 800,000 'dreamers' in the US, I'm shocked you say California only has 220.
He ended Obama's executive branch overreach. What the law changed? You & the rest of the do nothing legislative branch must do it correctly.
I hope you run for POTUS.
The Republican's will crush her! President Trump will destroy her toss her into the litter box! Meow! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Checking the age of the people who claimed to be brought here as children? Nope. Committing fraud, voter fraud with taxpayer money--yep.
Why are illegals given preference over black Americans?
Why are illegal immigrants given preference over black AMERICANS?
@DeneenBorelli takes LEFTISTS to task
More:
…
So you do not believe in the rule of law, the Constitution, or the Bill of Rights. Thanks for making that clear, Comrade. #DACE #TCOT #PJNET
You AREN'T working for Americans!
Will you be fighting as hard for justice for Black AMERICAN citizens? 
Kamala Harris is a black American woman. Why would you think she wouldn't fight just as hard for justice for black Americans?
Barack Obama was a Black American... What did he do, specifically, for Black Americans? 
Here you go. Now, what specifically did he ever do to harm the black community?
This was NOT due to ANY legislation on his part. These advancements were trends that were s result of larger public policy.
DO YOUR JOB and quit playing political games with people's lives!
Your reported numbers are incorrect once again. Each life matters and CA has at least 220,000 DACA recipients-- not the 220 you claim.  SAD
Thank you for your service!
Homeless vets, seniors without meds schools failing,VAfailing, criminals rewarded, corruptpoliticians and all you can say is dreamers crap
Illegal aliens are not citizens! Just sayin! 

Illegal means breaking the law Senator, I mean I know that you're an attorney and all!
commit to ending chain migration!
Leftists preach unity and togetherness but always describe their goals as a fight. Go figure.
Another lie, Trump didn't end anything. Do your job.
#ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrumpNow #TrumpCrimeFamily #Resist  @washingtonpost @nytimes @latimes @BostonGlobe @chicagotribune  Do something ASAP
Illegal is illegal...
They were many under the age of 7 when parents relocated them. If you have kids do they do as told?
They can stay... Parents and other chains have to go!
If the DREAMers have lived here their whole lives, now avg age 20+, why haven't they become legal citizens? Why can't they do so now?
#primary #VoteThemOut #donothingcongress
Never forget that Kamala Harris slept her way to the top with a married man. #WillieBrown
As you said, and hordes agree, "it´s the right thing to do".
If you and those involved succeed, those "kids" will worship you. #vivaDACA
Yes but still keep the pressure on Russian probe
I live in NJ. So many of my children's friends will be affected by this. What can I do!? He must be stopped. Please hurry Meuler.
Mueller has got NOTHING on TRUMP! What our our straving children in this country!!!!
Pandering to "dreamers" will not get you where you're planning to go. What'$ your agenda for the only group who will support you exclusively
Why should we support her exclusively?
The Dreamers are NOT Dreamers, that are citizens of the United States and should be treated as such!!!!!!!!!!
Follow the freaking law lady! Its not fair to Americans or the others who are waiting to come into the country correctly!
End DACA today. It was a law passed by executive order that the Congress had rejected, wouldn't pass, that is unbelievably unconstitutional

Defend these ?
I support leg for DACA. I do NOT support threats to attach DACA leg to other bills or even mentioning 45. Work together unconditionally!
The dreamers are all of us. We cannot turn our backs on these brilliant children. They deserve better. We owe them that much.
I'd be honored to call you our POTUS. I wish you would consider it. America needs you right now. A strong independent intelligent woman.
I wish you were our president. You are far more qualified, intelligent & articulate than this orange scum could ever be.
No i think the American People are terrorized. With all the taxes we have to pay for illegals and refugees.
Defend them in congress with an actual law that is debated on. That is how it works here in America Kamala. Get to work.
Since DACA is not law, you want WHAT, from Trump?  LET THE COURTS AND CONGRESS HAVE IT.  Legislate.  You dream that it's 2008, not 2017.
You're a Senator, why didn't you address this issue through the proper legislative channels??
Do your job and make the  legislation to make this right!!
Do YOUR JOB!!!!
Senator Kamala your position on DACA is commendable
Why cancel DACA ? The no.s are huge and it can bring sociopolitical crisis in US apart from falling image of US.
Please run for President!
No repeal of mortgage tax benefit!!!
I work with over 2000 dreamers not one year of education. Your only as safe as the dumbest person
Thank you for your leadership.
we love you Kamala keep looking out for the law breakers "Dreamers" there are about 10 billion of them
Great job  w msnbc interview tonight regarding the dreamers.  You explained situation very well.  Especially about them already being vetted
Thanks for understanding the Dreamers cause.



Lots of blessings
One of the best Senator today fellas.
DACA story
My #DACA STORY 
What other shameful and unconstitutional horrors await us? Fight back!
Great interview tonight! You didn't say no to 2020? Start giving us your plan!
Trump is already campaigning for 2020. Your behind the ball...You and JK3?!
Sanctuary city queen...
Thank you for standing up for what's best about America and for working with Republicans who feel the same way.
"Dreamers are Americans in every way except a piece of paper." As an unlicensed driver, I'm a driver in every way except a piece of paper.
Thanks Howard university 

@SenKamalaHarris @HU_NAACP #neverkamala
Great on O'Donnell. agree with you. I work at the largest hospital in Az. We have 3 dreamers in my dept.  GREAT people. I Stand with them
IF you care about America stop GIVING IT AWAY when you do not OWN IT!
WHO'S PAYING FOR THEIR DREAMS? U.S. TAX PAYERS. GUESS THAT'S NOT U COZ U DON'T GIVE A SHIT ABOUT US. U CARE MORE ABOUT THEM BUT U WORK 4 US
You forget #DACA was illegal? So if I commit a crime like not pay my taxes I should get a free pass & free college education, etc?
No Borders/No Walls people are useful idiots for the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund.  Enjoy.
#DefendDACA Thank you for your outspoken support of the young people who should not be deported.
Remember Willie Brown?

 Border Wall Design 
   Watch and Share 
         
https://youtu.be/3o0pi2nUGP4  
Dear Senator Harris, Dreamers is a beautiful word... Actually these are just children of people who intentionally broke the immigration laws
Call Congress and ask them to write legislation that would make Dreamers American citizens.
"Dreamers are Americans in every way except a piece of paper." That piece of paper  = the laws of our country, which you swore to uphold.
I had hoped U had learned 2 compromise on ur MIA vacation 
From last tweet 0 expectation
2 fight=some1 must lose
Victim 2 demonize 2 abuse
Congress has a moral obligation to make DACA permanent before Trump's cruel, pointless decision can ruin any more lives!
Cruel!!!!!!...take a walk down streets in NY, Louisiana, Chicago...poor, poor people! Starving! What about our starving children!
I understand your DREAMERS care, but when do we americans get to be up front. You know us poor forgotten ones.
Go get 'em Senator.  We got your back.
https://twitter.com/DropThe_Mic/status/904861070690586624/video/1 …
https://twitter.com/DropThe_Mic/status/904861070690586624/video/1 …
https://twitter.com/DropThe_Mic/status/904861070690586624/video/1 …
I support my country, my president #EndDACA #DonaldTrump #GodBlessAmerica
Please keep fighting for our Dreamers!
Senator Harris before you propose single payer health care, you better think again. This will be your downfall if you go this path!
Apparently the "rule of law" doesn't apply to Lying Jeff Sessions, who made not one reference to children in his announcement.
Speak out to senate NOW
We are a country of laws. Why do ALL dem's support breaking the law?!
Kamala: they can file applications. End gov't. Dependence programs.
Please STAND UP & Against this Hateful & Ignorant Trump!


Please use this automated service to resist! ...I always pick congress as option, that way ALL ur reps receive!
https://twitter.com/ashtotheru/status/904508275911163904 …
#ByeBye #PackYourBags #HastaLaVista #Adios #HitTheRoadYak
Defending the "rights" of criminals.  We see where your loyalties lie. Not with America
Do.
Not.
Let.
Them.
Take.
Our.
Kids.

#Hinder
#Impair
#Delay
#Entice

#Weaken
#Advocate
#Impede
#Thwart

#Oppose
#Resist

#StonesInTheRoad
@Maggyw519   Sending Mexicans back is ethnic cleansing, nothing more.
These kids only know the USA as their home
The dreamers are felons just for showing up. We need less felons in America. Make America safe again.
DACA must go! Why do illegal immigrants get to be called dreamers?
DACA: apply to come into the country legally is the path. No blanket amnesty or blanket citizenship.

Thx 4 supporting DACA. We need Caucasians to take a decisive role 4 immigration rights. Alt-right is dead WRONG. California 4 Dreamers.
The Dreamers have more right to this land than any of us white people.They are Latinos,mostly a mix of Native Americans and Spanish invaders
poor white people
This is a job for CONGRESS.  Not for a Presidential Executive Order.
Dear Sen Harris, I thought you should know: Trump is Overdue for His Physical & Mental Evaluation by Walter Reed Hospital & Results 2 Public
@SenKamalaHarris
1St) No Matter what Anyone Says, Does,Begs, Trump will end DACA on Tuesday! It's His Payback 2 OBAMA ! If Obama is For DACA- TRUMPs Against!
You can't defend DACA SCOTUS already ruled against Obama incompetent politician
Take your fight to SCOTUS your rhetoric is nothing and makes democrats weaker but funny a loser for a senator keep losing GOP says thanks
You're trying to fight a SCOTUS ruling during obama tenure that's funny trump will enforce the rule of law liberalism is a mental illness.
You don't get to pick which laws you enforce. Change the law! #ImmigrationReform
You have a legal obligation to uphold and defend immigration laws, not break them like obama did.
# Repeal DACA
Senator Harris please urge Calif AG @AGBecerra to join lawsuits vs Trump admin to protect DACA.
We are a nation  of immigrants but those who appreciated our culture, not simply wanting a new place to continue their old culture/language.
You defend corporations and lap where you sit.
I'm looking forward to voting for you for president - please - just stay squeaky clean - no dirty foundations until you're retired.
If DACA created skilled labor, nurses, engineers, etc., these are exactly the kind of people the third world needs. Send them back to help.
GOD BLESS U #WestA #HU Senator @KamalaHarris
#INJUSTICE UNFAIR!
PEOPLE WAIT, REGISTER, STAND IN LINE & GET CITIZENSHIP FAIRLY! #EndDACAnow
IT IS AN #INJUSTICE TO PROTECT & REWARD PARENTS WHO BRING KIDS ALONG IN COLLUSION!
LETS REWARD PARENTS WHO FOLLOW THE LAW!
#JUSTICE IS FAIR!
Well of coarse he chose a holiday weekend so getting ur senators & congressmen on the phone "NOT GOING TO HAPPEN" stay vigelent TWEET #45
U R welcome2takeallthesepart of Innocent "Dreamers"2 UR house Kamala,WE KNOW U Guys Endorse Illegal Imm ANTIFA,BLM Over The American Citizen
then U better work with @gop and get it done. 6 months and then it's @TheDemocrats fault if #daca folks gets deported
#DACAadoption #AdoptDACA #adultDACAadoption
How do we help fight and defend Dreamers?

Not you in 2010, your a Corporate Democrat, waiting to get your hands in the bigger pie. Stay in California, Washington has enough crooks!
#CALL. YOUR. REPS. AND. SENATORS!! #DefendDACA 202-224-3121 & home offices!!
Who defends American citizens? Who defends immigrants who become US citizens legally? Who holds illegal aliens accountable? Trump does #MAGA
You defend the dreams of #IllegalAliens. What of the dreams of American citizens. You cast our children aside in favor of criminals. #MAGA
We need to get these anti-government bigots and obstructionists OUT of our government.
Take your fight 4 politics as usual out of your ass
Compromise if you want DACA extension to pass
Fund Trump's wall
Tax cuts do not stall
 can't wait to see you in the WH race. The US needs leaders like you
 #WhenHellFreezesOver
What about American citizens' dreams. Such filthy open borders propaganda,
Ola
2020 Dem ticket of hard left senators from NY and CA might not get any votes between the Appalachians and the Sierra
they had their path so did their parents they didnt take it put them out illeagal is illeagal
Why didn't Congress do something about this? Congress had the years to do it and the power. Congress doesn't want to do anything.

We must fight for what us morally right. These DACA dreamers call USA the only home they have ever known.
Trump's in a great position w/DACA. Congress not so much. If program ends, Trump gets credit w/base. If not, he gets to blame Congress.
قل
It's time for #TheResistance to march on D.C. #DefendDACA
Do not fall for the 'Okey Doke' & empty promises that 'Harris' promises. This Woman could not give a 'flying f#ck' about the Black Community
Stop circumventing the immigration laws and don't reward criminal choice.
Barbara Jordan said it best and now Democrats has it wrong.
Let them hold their own nuts.
Impeach Trump!
Thank you Kamala
Our soldiers fight, you talk, learn the difference
Do whatever you can to fight @realDonaldTrump decision on DACA.

Why is it that people immigrating to the USA LEGALLY doesn't seem to be an option at all to Democrats/Leftists? Why DACA not citizens yet?
She's running.
Thanks for being passionate Kamala....love ya!
Just give them citizenship already!   #FFS
Sorry black people your not descendents of immigrants more like P.O.W.s. It's okay Ben Carson thought the same too.
DACA was ruled unconstitutional.
Defending our borders and allowing legal immigration is the first fight. Look at the mess in California
I stsnd with you!   #defenddaca
When the hell are you gonna speak up for black people specifically? You no better than the rest!!
Please Save DACA!!!
Interesting coincidence-people working under DACA pay annual taxes ~equal to the initial appropriation Trump requested for Harvey relief.
Defending dreamers taking jobs and stealing seats in our overcrowded universities.   Why do we have a country if you just allow all in.
Well she married a...nevermind
Are you mentally challenged?

This is what leadership looks like, go on Kamala Harris.
Dreamers work do not need defending!  Only illegal parasites need u!
It's really unconscionable that this may have a chance to continue! Cruel
we need support, but we need our strength too!
Learn English grammar. You should know the difference between illegal alien & immigrant, & the difference between Lies &Truth!
California will not allow this in our state #screwtrump
Everyone opposed to Trump's action must call their Rep and Senators and say so. Demand a legislative path to citizenship.
Call #DefendDACA
We are not Democratic we are a republic
What is to be done?
@HoneyDemForce His is whom I'm looking at for 2020 - Senator Kamala Harris
