Secretary Padilla's response to the Election Commission's request for personal data of CA voters: 
GOP & NRA Go Epileptic Over Gun Database -But Giving All US Voters Data to Trump's Vote Suppression Cabal is OK http://www.cnn.com/2017/06/30/opinions/voter-rolls-demand-douglas/index.html … … 
Hypocrisy...oh, hypocrisy... how sweet a sound to Republicans
So who checks to make sure all registered voters are legal citizens?
you have to have a social security number to register.
And who checks to see if it's actually legit?
the system is digitized.
Meaning what? I know several people who have had their SS # used by illegals, and know illegals who have SS#
1: people are not illegal. 2: whenever you use your ssn it is regularly checked. there has never been voter fraud of that type/scale.
How would you know that people with fake or stolen SS# aren't voting?
Kudos to Secretary Padilla!

Thank you!
My God! The nerve of this White House is beyond words. We totally support you, Sen. Harris. You make us proud to be Californians! #Kamala
X2. @SenFeinstein has also been doing sterling work the past few months. Our CA Senators: two smart, badass women. Heroes of #TheResistance.
What will this info serve for Trump?  I still wouldn't vote for him !  Isn't this against our civil rights for privacy?
This is crazy
Thank You!
RESIST!!!
Can you post the request so that we know the response is appropriate?
Why is Kobach not beingv investigated for Civil Rights violations?
Screw pence!
Every state should respond this way. A bogus commission that will not be performing any svc that insures voter's rights.
We all know ILLEGALS vote in our state don't give me no more bullshit all you doing is protecting the illegal vote for Democrat control
Excellent response to protecting voters rights based on privacy & confidentiality laws! @CASOSvote
Now if only other states would refuse to comply. Let's see if officials from purple or red states do the right thing.
This commission's review is a waste of government dollars just to smooth Trump's ruffled feathers.  He needs to get over the election.
Oh thank goodness. I was horrified over the request and am so glad I can trust our SOS to use common sense and do the correct thing.
@SenKamalaHarris & @SenFeinstein We Californians r SO blessed 2 have u as our advocates & voices during this horrific presidency
I am moving to California. Bravo Secretary Padilla.
Too bad more won't stand up to that garbage. I wish I still lived in CA. Here in Texas voter suppression and intimidation is rampant.
Keep fighting back to Trump's craziness
You've been lying for years in Sacramento.  Now you've brought it to DC.  You're part of the swamp.  Good luck with that.
The more I see of our government and representation in Congress, the more I appreciate that I live in CA! Thank you Senator Harris!
*mic drop*
I really hope the red states value our constitutional privacy and follow suit with CA- distraction from Russian ties need investigation
"The president..request is an ominous sign" #Dictatorship
What happens if 50 states refuse? Who pays for all the manpower to collect?
So good to see some actual resistance to this administration, which seems to be run by cartoon villains...
It's not determined yet what role this administration had in the election. Until that point they should have no involvement with that
That's what the answer should be
@CASOSvote I am so proud to be a Californian.
Good...let's see all States push back at this travesty
@tassagency_en Ole @Secy_State_US has to get Putin's ok to resign as Secy of State and that ain't happening. Kushner will still be the boss.
The ACLU needs to protect our personal and voter information. I can't depend on Gov Abbott to do so!
Trump is setting up his next election in 2020 by voters suppression more than in 2016. NO WAY give him this info, I hope ALL 50 states NO!

Every state needs to reply similarly
I'm a California resident. I want my information to remain private. This commission is a waste of taxpayer money to feed Trump's ego.
Don't trust this WH
What can people do to keep this from being made public? What gives them the right to all of our private info? How do we protect ourselves?
Thank you for your continuing watchfulnes.
All Floridians are vulnerable because Rick Scott and Pam Bundy will release the data. How can we protect our privacy from this witch hunt?
Sessions must go! Please, he makes the DOJ  a sore spot! Please don't allow our privacy, privilegedi nformation be disseminated amongst  eny
Excellent! Awesome!!
So the integrity of our elections has been undermined by we the citizens-  we the voters are the threat to our democracy! Who knew...
Horrifying! Voting records s/b private! Recently read in-depth article re: Kobach. He wanted 91-yr-old WWll vet to show birth cert to vote.
CA and NY have to remain bulwarks against this administration's power grabs. We're the country's last, best hope
I hope they're successful passing legislation preventing any Pres candidate from being on ballet who doesn't prob tax records!
Awesome!!
Since the commission want to make publically available every voter Name, address and last 4 SSN what more would Russian hackers need. A gift
@BrianKempGA    Hopefully you will have a response similar to Secretary Padilla's to this intrusive request for Georgians' personal info.
Must expose voter fraud.  Protect democracy.
CA response to dimwit's 'election information'. Drop dead.
Keep standing up! The people are on your side. Righteousness rules.
Alex Padilla -- America's newest hero!
I agree completely with @AlexPadilla4CA We protect our freedoms in California.
Thank you!

@SenJohnMcCain @JeffFlake don't even think about it in Arizona!!  HANDS OFF of our RIGHTS!  This isn't RUSSIA yet @POTUS @GOP
Senator Harris, please protect us from this madman, DJT.
damn right!
California love
Ok, Alex Padilla's stock just went up in my book.
@CASOSvote @SenBobCorker @SenAlexander you guys better not do this in Tennessee.  We have lost enough freedoms as it is.
I had to read this twice.  Am I awake? With Russia probing this info already how in the world would anyone think it's OK to willingly...
...transmit this data, essentially doubling the chances of it getting picked off!?!?!?
How is this legal for the WH to ask for these records?  Trumps a baby and would personally attack everyone who didn't vote for him

