Yeah--like Medicaid, and Harvey/Irma relief, and your highways and airports and stuff, right?
Like Medicaid? I bet you think Medicare is great too! Have you NOT been LISTENING to the state of our bridges & streets & health care?
Forget it, the guy is from Chicago! If the left says it's so, then it's so. Guys like him can't think or talk without checking in with them.
Chicago? these mopes can't even figure out where I live.  Embarassing
Take it up with Twitter, you're the "mope" that had Chicago by your name. Nice try to change the subject. You still don't know the facts!
All good here.  Anything else I can help you wiht comrade?
I'm not your comrade you regressive statist.  I'm an American who served my country, supports the vote, & RESEARCHES to think independently!
Really?  Is it in the U. S. Constitution? When we didn't have insurance, we paid ourselves.Great incentive to stay healthy.
: Then its your right to pay for your health care.  It's my right to NOT pay for yours!

11k likes for socialized medicine. God help America we have become a nation of fools.
Feel the $2.5 TRILLION Per YEAR! Bern...#MedicareForAll 
1st Step 2 Socialism 4 America...w Economy Crushing Taxes
https://www.fitsnews.com/2016/01/29/feel-the-2-5-trillion-bern/ …
If we spent a fraction  for the rebiof what we do on foreign aid & America started building their land   countrie
Why is it a right. I missed that part in the Constitution.  What section is it in. Is transportation a right to give everyone  a Cadillac
.
Healthcare is not a right it's a privilege. I work for my healthcare. Everyone else can to.
If you worked for an education, you'd say "too". People are self-employed don't have insurance. Should they suffer? They are working too.
What about those of us that worked our asses off & got sick & can't work now? I don't qualify for Medicare & insurance is too rich! Thanks!
Healthcare is a Human Right not a corporate right!
Human rights are what exists without any external forces. You don't just exist having health insurance, it is something you must acquire
Healthcare is a Human Right not a corporate right!
Healthcare is for the weak.
Or the ones with a death wish
So is a living wage!  Get on that too!  People are slaving for poverty here in America, all due to political greed!
You know, maybe 7.50 could be a living wage if we were to make medical care reasonably affordable?
7.50 will never be living wage. Rent, food, healthcare, gas to/from work or public transport, utilities & clothing. Lucky if 15 is that wage
Cant get by on $15 here in NJ. Rent is unnecessarily high, taxes, cost of living, car ins, medical benefits, etc. I'd like to see THEM try.
Says who?
Says any serious examination of the concepts underpinning "life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness".
In the 1790s they had doctors and medicine... the founding fathers were aware of both. Nowhere mentioned are either. Hmmm...
"Hmmm..." Which means, "I really have nothing to say, but of course you get my point and I am right" in troll-speak.
You're welcome to interpret my "hmmm..." however you like. Apparently you like to do so with utter banality.
So do enlighten us about why universal healthcare would be such a terrible thing. Why don't people have the right to medical care?
Allow me an analogous explanation which will begin with a question: is food a human right?
I would say yes. I would say people have the right to not starve to death.
Since when?  Show me that in our constitution. You're the problem
What is this document you speak of comrade
Do people have the Right NOT too pay for Medicare for all?
Yeah, but only if we also get the right to not pay for endless war.
Hugo Chavez and Castro said the same thing.
You're constantly posting things about the Constitution that are false, how are you even a senator?

Doubt that.
That's what you said the first time 
You wish
I already did and had it granted once.   Second time is a charm.
Good luck with that.
Don't need luck.  Just booming economy, tax cuts, immigration reform, and jobs.  Easy as pie.
Haven't seen anything but executive orders undercutting an established & expanding prosperity. 

Teach me why reality just doesn't apply.
Easy to say. Come up with a working model for how you will finance your health care. Most European models are from 1950s & too bureaucratic.
The US already spends more tax dollars per capita on healthcare than almost every other country. The money is there.
No, it is not. The Federal Reserve Banking system is based on Debt (credit), not Wealth. Look up "Hyperinflation".
Really? So the government isn't spending tax dollars on healthcare? Good to know.
There's a difference between providing food stamps to the needy and single-payer agriculture.
What I'm saying is, you're already spending a fortune on healthcare. Why not put those funds towards a system that works for everyone?

LOL wow, this is such utter garbage, I'm not even going to bother 
The majority of the USA (nonpartisan issue)
wants Medicare for all... why does DC continually
debate this????!
Once upon a time the majority of America's wanted slavery... "the majority wants it" is a stupid reason to do anything.
The south was never the majority
You speak as though the south was the only region where slavery was supported...
Not discussing slavery w/ you. The constitution can be amended. Can be changed easily to make ins. a right
You're the one who decided till retort the slavery issue. So... The constitution can be easily changed eh?
It can be done fairly easily yes, or it can be done the more difficult way. We've done it 27 times before, we can do it again
And the last time we did so was...
A basic human right.
What document promises, "...Life, Liberty & the pursuit of happiness?"
"Life" includes healthcare.
Promote the general welfare seems to fall under that too :-)
So they can make a commercial for healthy living. You have no right to the labor of others. Even doctors and nurses
I do have the right, I am human and we all owe each other.
Okay, Stay the selfish person you are. The rest of us don't need this.
You're the one saying you're owed something, reaching into others pockets. That's selfish entitlement
Funny how founding fathers thought we all deserve "life,liberty and the pursuit of happiness."
Health care is a service provided by individuals with special skills.
So is police, military, public school, and fire department.
Yes, but that doesn't make it a right, rather it makes it a responsibilty of the government. "Rights" are completely different.
You do have a right to healthcare, meaning no one can STOP you from buying it. Likewise you have a right to education and such.
Getting it via the government is not what makes something a right. It's a gross intentional misuse of the word to gather ignorant support.
Kamala I am a Democrat. #MedicareForAll all would break our country & leave #disabled, #elderly & #terminal patients WITHOUT critical help
No it wouldn't.
Steve. YES It would!! Your job insures YOU and that how we survive. #MEDICARE AND #MEDICAID is for #ELDERLY, #DISABLED & #EMERGENCIES Period
No Susan. DO NOT BELIEVE ANY of their crap. They are not telling the truth, Our employers insure us. and that is how we need to be
You're confusing health care with health insurance.
I think you're just being confusing.
Affordable, accessible healthcare for all. It's the human thing to do.
#MedicareForAll
Affordable medicare is an oxymoron.  Someone has to subsidize the costs to make it "affordable".
You realize you subsidize the cost for the uninsured as it stands right now? The price would be far less with Medicare for all
How does a subsidy for a few currently cost more than a subsidy for all?
You mean the 1.7M receiving a subsidy for obamacare, as opposed to the 324M people that would be eligible for "free" medicare? That few?
1) try 12.7 million. 2) US pays more for health ins than anyone else, but ranks 12th in life expectancy 3) those who can, would buy more ins
I guess cell phones..  new cars..  houses..  are the next civil rights issues.  Wait.. never mind
You don't have the right to force people to pay for someone else's healthcare, that's called slavery!!

Can I have a puppy too?
Boo.  You do not have my vote!
How about Medicare for all democrats including politicians paid for by only democrats including politicians.  Us sane people will buy ours.
Let those who want this "civil right" should pay for this crap. I don't want my taxes to be raised while some govt hack
Then why isn't it tax deductible?
Medicare is not healthcare, it is health insurance. Show us where in the constitution the Federsl govt is given any power over that...

#10A
Great.  Civil rights in America aren't paid for by taxpayers.   Go on Medicare today w/same rules as seniors. No private insurance backup
Right after muskets
It is NOT a right.  You saying it doesn't make it a right.
Healthcare is personal responsibility! Squashing that concept empowers govt control over people. You are the enemy of #freedom
BAHAHAHA Harris! PANDERING for the "socialist" vote? You will never be president fyi.  America will not go socialist.
What a Imbecile, who the hell voted for this wack job? 
Kamala do u enjoy appearing uneducated? Health Care is not a civil right. And saying it three times doesn't make it true Mrs. Alinsky. 
She's got my vote and will keep it as long as she's for universal healthcare. Smart lady.
Ok thanks?
Actually Senator it is not.
Hey, how about free food for all! Free rent, free utilities, free cable TV and internet! Free cell phones, free cars! Where will it end??
Once again you're WRONG!
Umm I'm with the drunk octopus. U are an embarrassment senator
Care is not the same as insurance.

Show us where it says that in the Constitution.
Yeah...I'm gonna need you to show me that in the Constitution! You know...that pesky little document that keeps you liberal fools in check!!
no it's not,nobody is entitled to someone else's skills and service
You don't have that, do Ya? Dope
Every one?
... Medicare for you too?
Healthcare is a personal responsibility, Medical care is a service, and Insurance is something you purchase by choice to mitigate risk! 
And u are a dumn ass
You have a right to a doctor?  How is that, when the doctor has her own rights?
Subsidized universal health care and open borders are incompatible. Much admired Scandinavian countries once understood as much. You don't!
Why
After I call You an idiot, Mam, Really, and what genius told you that Health Care is a Civil right?  Really, you were elected...hmm. #MAGA
And owning a car? House? Clothes?  Where does it end.
Health care is a commodity, just like car, home & life ins. Not a right.Our RIGHTS in this Great Republic are covered in US Constitution .
Show me where in the Constitution I can find this, please.
She says "ALL" but I'm sure she doesn't include herself in that BS!

a civil right ? U tweet this on the anniversary of the signing of the Declaration of Independence? Who voted 4 u ?
Health care is a civil right, yet I still have to pay for groceries? You're a political anti America hack.
Show me.where in the Constitution?
Healthcare is a privilege, one you work to afford! I don't want govern. healthcare I want to chose what I need not what you decide I need!
Quit calling it health care, it's health insurance. Are you willing to use Obamacare or is it not good enough for you?
If it is possible for you ,be honest. Just say " The Obamacare Tax does not apply to all citizens equally. :
Yes I want you in line @SenKamalaHarris at local IEHP office waiting for hours to see assistant bc no Docs will work here.Pompous&liar

Prison Time for Corrupt Politicians!!  You are included!
We will start with you @SenKamalaHarris your children will live on the streets! your money will be taken so you can pay for another's child
@SenKamalaHarris more freebies from Kamala. Nevermind CA has highest poverty rate in US. Black communities ignored.Homeless have no shelter
@KamalaHarris since you opened our borders to get votes. Citizens of US have no rights lady!Uou mean US must pay 4 the world's healthcare.
Except it's not. The right to PURCHASE healthcare exists. Healthcare, food, clothing, shelter are NOT rights.
Doctors need to be paid. Hospitals need to buy equipment. Healthcare professionals want to eat.
Even if you believe that ignorant statement, using my money for it is not.
Harris your another liberal idiot
Tells us how much it will cost, and how it will work! Tell it to local news agencies in CA as well.
Can you point that out in the constitution? Anywhere?
Don't expect others to pay for your civil rights
where does it say that? What document explains this?
Your ignorance is stunning. You're like a parody of someone who cares. You should shut your mouth. People will think more of you.
It's a right and I should be able to purchase as much or as little as I want or need, right? #ConstitutionDay #tyranny #Democrats
False. Health care is a service. Therefore paid for.

Health care is a personal responsibility. #NoSocialism
Where in the constitution does it state that?
Nope! 
It's not a civil right nor a constitutional right you're now 2 down read a book
Please post the part of the Constitution that says this.

There's about a hundred things I'd rather have than drugs and scalpels...can we "civil right" some of those instead?
Socialist.
New motorcycles for all is a civil right!!!
Even if true, doesn't mean it should be provided free of charge. Gun ownership is a right, too.
Since when ? ....
If it's a CIVIL RIGHT,then where is my right to not be poisoned by Government agency's as t FDA,CDC,EPA Poison Food,Water,Air&Vaccinations?
Since When?
Naturally, Senator, you'd be exempt from it if it'd were a reality.
Literally impossible. WY will never have access to same quality as NYC or LA. This would FORCE the govt to provide exactly that.
Pay for it just like everybody else, we are not responsible for you
U r delusional and are in serious need of education!
Then YOU pay for it.
The govt can't even find millions of missing dollars from the pentagon, what makes anyone think that they can figure out MY healthcare?
LEAVE MY HEALTHCARE ALONE
#smallgovtisbetter
#deepstate
#globalists
#ricegate
#obamagate
#hisnamewasSETH
#awangate
#corruptgovt
NO ITS NOT !!! AND YOU CALL YOUR SELF A LAWYER. WHO IS GONNA PAY FOR ALL YOUR GIVE AWAYS. GO BACK TO CALIFORNIA !GO TRUMP/PENCE 2020 @POTUS
How did you dupe folks into voting you in office? My God.
Please run on this for 2020. Please. Dems are so far out of touch.My blk cousin got a job w benefits finally after 3 yrs cuz @POTUS economy
Actually, health care is a service provided by medical professionals to members of the public who choose to have (and pay for) such servicce
You have an odd understanding (no understanding, at all) of what is and isn't a "right".
Since when? Can't find that right anywhere in the constitution, bill of rights or any amendments. Work hard, take care of ur own business
It is not a civil right. No more than a driver's license. The more you come to reality you might just make a mark in history.
Someone is working to pay for it
Despising Kamala Harris is a Consitutional right! Get a brain!#MAGA
A civil right? Equal to, or less of a civil right to not be homeless, have food to eat, or to have a job? Time for a reality check Congress!
Says the woman who doesn't pay a dime for healthcare
Next you'll say food is a civil right. Then housing. Then cars. Then cell phones. Then TVs. Then cake. Then pedicures.
No it's not.
In what Country?
Another reason the excessively tax the average hard-working American to subsidize the generational takers and undocumented Democrats.
Gov't does such a great job at TSA, VA, DMV and Postal Service, so why not, huh?
You are not going to be president
Actually it's not until constitutional amendment. Indiscriminate access 2 Employment, education, housing & public facilities R civil rights
Not if your too lazy to maintain a job
Nope
So is food, housing, education, transportation, a living wage etc etc  YAWN.
Keep running on this, it'll do great things for your party next election cycle.
Yes 32 trillion is a civil right.
Life is a civil right
Corruption is a criminal offense.
No it's not. In fact, show me in the constitution where it says Government shall pay for health care.
Your screwing it up worse than Obama did. Legal American citizens deserve quality healthcare.
No it is not. It is NOT a right and I wish you wouldn't lead your constituents into thinking it is. How did you become a Senator?
You do not understand the word and meaning of rights - which are unalienable and given by our creator - not bc some loser wants free gunny
& we all know who u expect to pay for those who don't work...how many ways do u #democRATS want to stretch taxpayer money??
Not in the way that would pay for a useless border wall.
Right..u just want us to pay for abortions and healthcare for people who don't want to work and/or are here illegally.
The people who are here illegally want to work.  That's why they come here.  They work very hard.  Abortions?  Where did that come from?
Many of them r here for handouts that working people have to pay for.  And yes, abortions - don't tell me u don't believe in them.
They are here for work or to escape horrific conditions that few Americans could even imagine.  You lack empathy.
Wrong. In the Constitution?
#NeverVoteDem
Evidently you can read things that are NOT THERE. Show us in the Constitution of the Untied States any such enumerated right. IGNORANCE
No it isn't…
Please explain the legal basis for healthcare being a civil right?
its a civil responsibility nt a right-u all need an asylum.Take Medicare from us who have paid 4 it since '76-deprive us treatment I got it
Lol ummm no its not. Your a senator & dont know this? Jesh there should be some sort of test to become a senator. SMFH
No it's not.  ??
Wow you really are not informed at all your ignorance is showing.
Then that means my becoming an incompetent MD is a right and the school should educate me for free.
#WRONG
How is this idiot a senator? Prime example of a broken system...
Funny, I don't see anything in the Constitution that says "healthcare." Is this why Congress has an A+ plan and the rest of us don't?
So you know as much about civil rights as you know about history & law. Time to extreme vetting your academic credentials. Smtg fishy here.
Can you as an uneducated Communist democrat show where this is written in the Constitution? Oh yeah,you've never read the constitution.
Free Healthcare - enlist in the military for 4 years and then get honorably discharged - boom you have VA healthcare for life.
FYI- a commodity is not a "civil right"
In reality you don't give a shit about health care you are just jumping on the next "whatever is popular" topic and casting in ur support
Everything is a civil right to you and anyone who disagrees is racist.
Exactly how is health insurance for all guaranteed by the constitution and its amendments???
Are you going to be on Medicare?
Impossible.  Any benefit that requires redistribution of my property can't be a civil right.
And we wonder why our country is going down the toilet . . . Clue: Representatives like this one!
how the hell can we afford that
how's the VA hospitals working out?
no it is not. You are so corrupt
Bernie says it would bankrupt the United States.

Medicare is not affordable now and working ppl pay into it. Obama and democrats robbed medicare and put the money into Obamacare. Failure.

Government healthcare is a tragedy. Medicaid for all is Wait for services, denied services. This is what the democrats want for USA. Ppl.
Is this a joke??..not sure I even understand this stupidity
Please state the article in Constitution which gives us that right or did you just make it up.
Yea what you said!!!
Stay out of Medicare! It is for our elderly who have earned it and pay for it you fool!
Show me in the constitution where it says that? Oh wait you can't because you've never cracked it open!
Ignorance reigns in the swamp!
We don't want government run healthcare. We see the VA. We don't want it. We don't trust you to look after our best interests.
These ppl don't think so
