Thank you #KamalaHarris You are a bright light in a dark time for our country.
Tamara actually all you said applies to you
That's the problem with dem., if they don't like what you say they can't stand you!
What's there to like about someone who devalues a woman for doing her job. Don't hear the same criticisms of men. That's not acceptable
I am a professional woman:Im an attorney & am around other attorneys on a dail basis & Sen Harris acted perfectly.U r so wrong
You did such an OUTSTANDING job - we Americans THANK YOU
You mean the 34% that still stick with trump. That's funny
Hang out in a courtroom once in a while - KH is a seasoned attny & Sen Sessions is a seasoned politician who knew exactly what he was doing
Prosecuters have cut me off while testifying for giving more information then asked for. Sessions knew exactly what he was doing
The American people deserve an army of public servants like you. Shame on you @SenJohnMcCain for shushing a formidable woman doing her job.
Are you describing Donald Trump?
Oh my word... well about as much as you and the rest of your kissing cousin's have ventured out of the trailer park.
Who are these "lazy liberals" that u speak of? You're so delusional I doubt if u even know. The 1st step is admitting that u have a problem
We want the truth. Tired of this administration taking us for fools. Sessions and others need to leave. They are lying to us all.
Session is a complete dishonest Dinosaur that should have retired from office. I'm glad he's not my attorney .
Outstanding job today, you were very respectful and professional...impressive !
You are the true version of what we need as a Senator. Thank you for your service!
Agree 150%.  But would love to see @SenKamalaHarris next as the 2020 Presidential nominee.  We need your integrity and spirit.
Sounds like a plan!! Harris 2020
Good luck with that
No time for trump trolls. Shoo fly.
Your far left ppl r doing such a disservice for democrats. Y'all need some meds
Honey you are the one on the timeline of a Democrat Senator-maybe stick to what you know-elsewhere.
Really? isn't this America country of Free Speech
GOOD FOR YOU..but how about redressing the humiliating attitudes at hearings by your fellow female Dems @ayaan @asranomani
She's very disrespectful to AG Sessions
respect has to be earned.
Absolutely, you have to give respect to get respect which Sen Harris will never be respected... she's disgraceful
@KamalaHarris is highly respected
Maybe respected by her small district, but to the rest of America we sit and watch how rude she is to AG Sessions,she's disgraceful
Not from CA, definantely other Americans respect her. Know many here in MN. But of course we aren't from her "small district"....
Their prblm us that she us an attorney and knows to much law for him and I can't understand how someone who has no legal knowledge became AG
I know he calls us "Delawares" which is from the state called Delaware.
The American people deserve a Senate Committee that looks for truth. Your questioning was a pathetic line best described as a witch hunt!
regurgitate and repeat!
We also deserved senators who don't always have to be reprimanded because THEY don't follow common sense & LISTEN!
Whatever he preach they will believe him!
You are a Rockstar!  Direct, assertive Woman!  If I played for the other team (so to speak), I'd be so hot right now!
Evasion? Consistently interrupting the person you are asking a question to is rude and unprofessional. Glad the chair called you out.
The CHAIR admonished her and she should be censured!
The chair admonished McCain for interrupting her. Should he be censured too or just the skilled black prosecutor?
You should read the transcripts. I was watching it LIVE! SHE was told to let him answer!!! 'skilled' liberal antagonist!
poor @jeffsessions.Couldn't keep up with you. I guess when one is trying to keep all his many lies straight, it's easy to get confused.
Thank you!!
thank you for holding the torch of truth high.
You know. You sure like to sling insults. Did you take your trumpeter earphones out to actually see? She handled herself well,he wasted time
She acted like a spoiled child or the stereotype of "hysterical woman" feminists have fought so hard to overcome.
I also think sessions doesn't know his job very well as an attorney.
Fantastic job.
You didn't let him finish because you were showing off.  Had he not finished, you would have accused him of not answering. Get a grip.
Crooked Harris , Is she related to Crooked Hillary ? Demo-rats = communist agenda .......Go Trump Team !!!
Thank you! We need 99 more senators like you.

Here is a complete list of Senators who have been interrupted by Senators during the #SenateIntelHearing:

1. Kamala Harris (twice)…
Because none of them are as rude and condescending as she was. She cut him off before he could answer! Just like last hearing!!
rude? what do you call trump?
This has nothing to do with Trump! This is about why she was interrupted. But nice try. Going to mention Russia next? 
sure, why not!
Because it has no bearing on this but typical liberal.
And, we also deserve for you not to be interrupted during questioning...again.
Sen Cotton himself said AG Holder was *wrong* to have used same tactic! So why defend Sessions for same? Use Cotton's own words against him!
Was it Cotton or the dude from OK?
Definitely Cotton. He even said Holder was forced by courts to release information.
It was @SenatorLankford .   He has his questions posted on his twitter account.    But  it sure why he used that as cover for Sessions
I question you kamala .. you were a complete rude b### today you have questions let sessions speak  may cali wake up and vote you out ..MAGA
You really don't want the truth. That's why you won't let Sessions answer your questions.
You. Were. Incredible!! Thank you for doing your job to discover the truth - something your GOP colleagues had no interest in.
U sounded like a crazed woodpecker..grandstanding, not allowing answers bc didn't fit ur narrative..embarrassment..how did Georgia work out!
Why the hell is this old fart AG of USA. Can't remember, don't recall, can't recollect! Most good lawyers have great memory!
Wouldn't it have been nice if you had done your job when Lynch was evading questions! Oh that's right only Dems are allowed to lie and cheat
And the @SenateGOP will be pushing through the AHCA without hearings, what about that?
You are the epitome of strength, courage,and grace. Thank you for your service-even when faced with the likes of Yosemite Sam. #ShePersists
Thanks for the tip, I'll be sure to forward you a list of neurosurgeons in your area to take care of that lobotomy you are in dire need of.
Be relentless Sen Harris. In dark times, you & others like you are our light. Fight corruption. Fight malicious collusion.  #resist
Thank you for your RELENTLESS pursuit of the TRUTH!#SessionsHearing #TrumpRussia
You are awesome
Fight on, Senator. Don't take their crap. Our sons & daughters need to see a woman demanding & commanding respect. Thank you.
We love your tenacity! More should take your lead!
More like badgered the witness.
He was disgustingly evasive.  He should be cited for contempt.  Our morally bankrupt leadership of the country is truly disheartening.
They can barely keep up with the daily rants of the obstructionists!
This is not proper questioning. You don't allow him to answer appropriately and criticize him for everything. One sided, twisted thinking.
You don't know me and I'm not your constituent but I'm rooting for you. I want you to win at every corner.
. Thank you. Keep up the good work and don't let any man @gop nor @TheDemocrats intimidate you to question or speak. 
Why is he smiling so much @KamalaHarris ?

Those notes, emails documents etc.. are long destroyed. Hence his & trump admin attitude.
Because he knows he's deliberately wasting her time. Trying to give long nonsense to make it so she didn't get through her questions.
Oh but remember how hard the simple ones were? Don't wanna overload him with harder ones then "what's your name?"
Really then stop talking
There prblm is that u are an attorney ,Sessions isn't. How did he ever even get appointed as an Attorney General with no legal knowledge?
Go get them Senator Harris! Speak truth to power
When will you invite Hillary Rodham Clinton and the DNC chair to testify about proven collusion to overthrow an election
I would love u to be our first Woman President!! @SenKamalaHarris
Senator, I need you to hurry up and be President!!! ##Harris2020
Tamara all you do is troll a Senator NOT for ur state with utter nonsense.Perhaps its time you find a job
Abuse of power, you should be ashamed for your disrespect.
And WE APPRECIATE YOU!! 
ESPECIALLY us in Cali

What a rude encounter, question after question rattled off. You didn't listen to one of his answers before asking another question. Shameful
You were exceptional.  Don't let that old McCain bother you.  He's an old white man threatened by a young, intelligent, STRONG woman.
Ms Harris - please you have our support keep asking tough questions of princess sessions.
On that note, how about initiating an investigation into links between #SethRich and wikileaks, as it relates to the leaking of DNC info?
So proud of your actions.  You showed yourself to be a real American.  You spoke truth to power, & proved you have more balls than the men.
And all he had to say was:"I don't recall". How can he recall being at Mayflower and not "recalling"meeting anyone?Btw @SenKamalaHarris 
Thank you for asking the hard questions
You don't deserve the continued bad treatment by @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorBurr. They wouldn't treat a male colleague this way #ShePersisted
I am glad you went after the truth and did not let up. We deserve the truth.
thank you for your service to the US Senate!
@SenateGOP nor @HouseGOP can't handle the truth...want power, but not responsibilities of governing... don't care about America or Americans
Most of his testimony was weak and squirrelly. Compare it to Comey, Yates and Clapper which are grounded in truth.
I thought you did a fantastic job and handled yourself admirably!
We love you Senator.  Consider the source.
TELL IT, TELL IT, TELL IT!!!
Thank you.  I appreciate you having the courage to ask the tough questions. #Sessions
He slowed down to even a slower snails pace when  1 on 1 with you. No disrespect to your colleagues, but Dems should pass all min. to you.
Thank you for your tenacity, intelligence and strength.
Many watching the #SessionsHearing were incensed by theAG's cynical evasions &by the disrespect shown to Sen.Harris. It was an embarrassment
Her lack of respect was embarrassing

Our country's safety depends on the truth!
Thank you for doing such a great job!!
3)Republicans r trying 2 separate themselves from the ppl. This means they'll try 2 silence those speaking 4 the ppl.
You're badgering of a fellow senator was disgusting. You are an embarrassment as an elected official. #StickToTheFactsMaam #LearnRespect
American ppl deserve 4 u2 get off ur witches broom&start doing ur job which doesnt include chasing every #FakeNews rpt. U acted a fool again
GOP: "Quiet woman, men are talking!"
Good for you, Senator Harris. I understand you made Mr. Sessions nervous.
Thank you Senator. As always, you were amazing!!!
Sessions: "I'm not able to be rushed this fast–it makes me nervous" 
BECAUSE YOU'RE LYING 
#SessionsHearing #maddow 
Agreed! Don't stop.
You're making me nervous! 
GREAT JOB!!!# T.Y.  NEED MORE LIKE YOU.....
: Where was TRUTH on #benghazi? #USAuraniumRussian sale? @Bill Clinton w @AGLorettaLynch?  American People want to know!
I love you, @SenKamalaHarris! Way to drill into Sessions to get the truth Americans deserve!
He is completely out of his depth. Or out of his mind.
Thank you for the questions youbtried to get answers to and the abuse from the GOP clowns
And.....you did a shitty job!!  What is the truth?  What r u looking for?  Nothing has happened, at least there WAS a breakin at Watergate
Thank you so much Senator Harris!
Please continue the fight for truth for the American people
I am with you
Those who think you were rude to AG are dumbfucks.
Thank you for not being deterred! Nevertheless, you #persisted. 
Have him charged with contempt of congress. Enough talk. Actions instead of words
#Bullshit Dems wasting tax payers money, go back to work bullshiter
You are a warrior! Your voice was meant for these times! You strike fear in the "good old boys" System! Ignore Sen. McCain he is a guest!
If you're going to accuse him, the American people deserve your proof. #ThereIsNone
At least you weren't afraid to press him even when he tried to dodge. I may not be in your state but you spoke for me yesterday anyway!
You're not interested in the truth, you're just trying to block Trump from governing.
. You won't be in that chamber long enjoy it while you can.  Please drill Ms Lynch the same way when she has to testify soon
I was very uncomfortable with your questioning I thought you were rude and it makes me sad because I think this aggression fuels crazy!
He is the Top lawyer of his dept. Is he unsure of what he is saying? Not a good example of our government leadership. He should know prior
Great job today Senator I wish you were my Senator.
John McCain isn't on twitter, right?  He'd interrupt your tweet!
I am put off by this crap about, we have to ask that in private. I want to know it all. Trump will tell the Russians! I deserve more.
You did an awesome job today. Too bad you were surrounded by sexist old school scaredy cats who can't handle a strong woman.
There should be a law against laughing, snickering, interrupting a woman on a roll. & the penalty should be castration. #extremebutseriously
Isn't it time we get the respect we deserve? Instead of "little lady you be quiet now bc you made the green elf nervous" #SessionHearing
#Shill
well we're not going to get truth from YOU!
Ur the BOMB!   Keep up the good work!
There is a difference between questioning and badgering.
You are awesome. You made Miss Priss aka @USAGSessions nervous. You go girl.
Well if you shut up for 2 seconds then AG could respond. Your conduct is the one that was poor example to your constituents and American ppl
yes, about the truth..
Your awesome Kamala !!!
Brava! If Trump is still prez during 2020 campaign, I can't wait 2 hear you go after him like this during a Presidential debate #Harris2020
frankly, you were just rude! I'm glad they cut you off. Have some respect. That's how NOT to climb the career ladder, fyi!
Oh you mean the way obama, hillary, kerry, lynch did the evasion? you are batcrap crazy and pray you are voted out. MAGA
If you felt the earth shaking under you, it was the release of the rage of women everywhere when @SenJohnMcCain tried to silence you AGAIN.
You didn't just question...you kicked (you know what) well done! I am proud of you! Remember me? Probably not!
ur a hyena
The American People are STILL WAITING ON LORETTA LYNCH TO ANSWER THE Questions. THAT was horrific obstruction .
I think I'm in love with your mind. Lol
I will follow your career from now on. Great job with Jeff Sessions.
A joy to watch you after the truth! Thank you!
You treated the AG like a street thug and now you're whining because you were called out. Do u think we don't notice?
Thank you. It is good to know that you are fighting for the American people. Good on you.
Did you question #Tarmacgate? Hypocrite.
Jeff sessions is a weasel
Looks like to me you are trying to make a name for yourself. Nothing you asked was important to the point. "No colustion get over it"
you didn't seem to concerned about the truth when 0bama and HitLIARy were deceiving the nation!
You were excellent Senator. Sessions was being pompous and evasive. Nail him to the wall.
@KamalaHarris   @SenKamalaHarris                   We  You. Respectfully, We The People 
You are an incredible role model. Thank you!
I think the problem here is women can out think men. Obvious Sessions can't keep up.
. I watched the entire hearing.  You stood out as a rude twit, intent on causing uproar.  Oops   Fail
You are an embarrassment to the United States.
Sessions testimony's Stonewalling Nixon era principle having it both ways, citing executive privilege protecting the end justifies the means
Ask a question to get truth instead of cheap sound bites for your $$ begging ad's and you will have a different experience.
You are a badass!  Thank you for serving CA!
@SenKamalaHarris only proved to the nation she would rather hear herself talk than listen to answers.
You mean his deliberate and intentional waste of time? even in court he would have been told to just answer. He evaded and wasted time.
I did talk about policy of improving russian relations BING BING BING...WE HAVE A WINNER!
You were rude.
disgusting that @SenJohnMcCain once again butts in, why do these old white men think they can interrupt a woman's speech?
Why did Sessions, Coats & Rogers decided to not discuss their conversations with Trump? Because Trump is guilty & they're trying to protect
I would like to see you have the time to get to the truth. The 5 minutes allotted is not sufficient
they can`t handle the truth- GEE  ANOTHER WOMEN BEING HYSTERICAL - i don`t get why women support these jerks
I'm glad you handled things as you did. Too bad your male colleagues & Mr. Sessions disagree. Keep being who you are!
You better question yourself if you need the truth or if you need attention. If you needed the truth you would've let him respond.
Thank you Senator Harris, you were spectacular today.
Sessions said he would be transparent; yet was evasive. Repeatedly saying, "I don't recall," is slippery. You making him nervous? Brilliant!
He gave you an answer! You just choose not to listen! Your behavior was disgusting! Didn't your mom ever teach you manners?
I would suggest you take some lessons in how to use your time better in these investigation hearings. You are trying too hard.
Well you really didn't give him a chance did you? He tried.
And you deserve respect. You saw right through what Session was doing. His long winded answers perhaps to evade or limit questioning.
AG Sessions is more of a stand up guy than you will ever be
Thought you did a great job today Senator @KamalaHarris
You are an embarrassment to your party and this country.
Thanks, Senator Harris! Keep it up!
Bravo!  And don't take any crap from those male Republicans..tell them they're out of order!
We question you! Heard you put out for power! Who you screwing now?
https://twitter.com/ZaidJilani/status/874828347171160064 … But you didnt show as much spine right here.
Bernie Sanders vs. Kamala Harris on Palestine. The first condemns the occupation, the second whitewashes it 
Thank you for your questions. Americans want answers and you were great today.
Thanks for being there and sorry about various rude people you have had to deal with.
@jeffsessions has shown he has no problem lying to his adoring @SenateGOP pals. Surprised he didn't refer to them as "comrades"!
It's the same let all of them. They can't answer yes or no , give a simple answer. If I can't understand it as as citizen, you're lying
You didn't "question" @attorneygeneral. You spoke over him and completely disregarded all decorum expected from you. You should resign comm.
Maybe, Just Maybe had Y OU ACtually ALLOWED him to answer instead of Interupting EVERY TIME he tried, you might have gotten an answer!!!
You were rude and GRAND STANDING,  and you need to learn some respect. You weren't taught to respect your elders?
Thank you again Senator 
Okay, here's some truth. You and your Democrat friends have produced a handful of nothing with this charade, and the GOP is nutless.
Grandstanding as usual ur arrogant rude and we'll you LL do anything to gain popularity
You didn't question. You bully and badger. Watch the recordings and learn how senators behave. There's a decorum that you're lacking
@SenKamalaHarris 2020!!!!!!
Sessions is one of the most principled men in government! You should take notes instead of trying for political points!!!
