Maybe we shoulda went with the experienced former secretary of state.
Shoulda went? Did you attend school?
I'm so sorry Claire. Here: should have. Could I get away with should've?
It was "went" that was incorrect! You still don't see it!
There's nothing wrong with saying should have went w/ HRC.
Should have "gone" not " went".
That's like correcting someone for saying a person should be "hung" rather than "hanged" ... so strange
I think you should lead a team to NK and do your diplomacy thing. U seem to have lots of good ideas!
Good to see diplomacy has worked for the last 20 years. Good to see giving them billions of dollars work also
Unfortunately there is currently a severe shortage on those things.  We need a unified force to back, not horse trading politics.
Say thank you to your President.. the ONLY one not kicking this can down the road. #AmericaIsBack!
They tried this formula since Jimmy Carter It's been an intentional fail by all the globalist ruling elite Globalists want a nuclear NK
Absolutely. You can't defeat aggressive behavior with a more intense form of aggressiveness! 0+0=0
The Hell you can't. Ask Japan!

Yes because Clinton,Bush and Obama let it get to a critical place!!
Really you did not noticed  that standing up to this bully made him back down
What do you know about anything?  You're a one term Senator... VOTE HER OUT!!
It hasent worked for the last 20 years
Diplomacy, like Clinton tried, I have worked for a Korean company 25 years. You need people who know Korea working on this.
I'm making my reservations for Trump World which will be built in the middle of North Korea when we Nation rebuild
Nope it requires big balls, big guns, and unwaivering spirit.
So our reps are just going to do absolutely NOTHING to stop this psychotic hate monger from starting HIS war or is it WARS now?
WHAT is it going to take before the ppl are represented and he is REMOVED? WTH are u all waiting for?
When are you going to update me on your cohort's threats to murder me Kamala @SenKamalaHarris?  cc: @jeffsessions @TheJusticeDept @FBI
Is the president going to make any statements of what is going on with the second day of white nationalist in Virginia
We must work to remove @realDonaldTrump from office as soon as possible before he gets us all killed. #25thAmendmentNow
Really? You could not be this stupid. @realDonaldTrump is defending our country from being struck by a country with ICBM capabilities.
How does any senator know our problems. You are worth about 2 million? How much is ur husband worth. All 100 of you go away.
Lets vote on term limits.
Yea because that has worked so well in the past
Yes yes yes yes. Please run for president
It's an all-hands approach fm DoS to DoD to Exec Br fire for effect. It worked IRT Guam. It set a strategy precedence; more to come?
We have the steady hand in place. Clinton started this disaster now Trump has to deal with a madman. Gr8 foresight Dimmocrats
Love me some Senator Harris, I'm a policy wonk ,gay guy, Democrat, love a powerful woman, especially a gorgeous African American woman!
If you need steady-handed leaders you have to call Xi-Jingping or Merkel. Let Trump play golf and keep him away ffom America's WMD.
Kamala- watching tv this morn - see neo nazis attacking church members in the streets- speak to WH this AM - this is outrageous!!!
You just said it. Serious threat. We handed this dictator the means to make these threats. You should be the first to go
Maybe we should give them some nukes to help them feel better??? That sounds like a genius idea!! Call Barry & Billy they'll be happy 2 help
Follow President Trump or get out of the way. You WILL NOT be re elected!
I want plans, details, transparency, and timelines. From Congress. And I speak for many when I say my patience is done.
25th Amendment?
If Clinton wouldn't have tried to pay them off for an empty promise we wouldn't be facing these threats of NKorea! #opentheeyes
Let's see, Clinton makes a stupid deal w NK, Clintoness exchanges uranium for 'speaking fees,' &Obama gives $100s of MM to Iran. Yes ->Trump

If that’s what it requires we’re so screwed
And specifics.
@nikkihaley couldn't get the confederate flag out of her state. What qualifies her to administrate a nuclear war with rogue nations?
Steady leadership wouldn't come from you!! You say the dumbest things and want to remove rights from citizens. You're a joke
That will only happen if he upsets Republicans and their financial supporters. War is gud fer bidness
Given the "leadership" we have in the Oval Office, what's Plan B?
this would be a great time for DEMS to reveal a foreign policy 
and paths to peace and prosperity dont play trumps game
step up and outclass
with all do respect Sen Harris this is nothing more than a DISTRACTION by team trump NK will do nothing more than they have in the past
Not Trump!
Your guy (Obama) had 8 years to do that; he was the 'poster child' for appeasement and feckless leadership. Mr. Trump inherited this mess
LOL....you snowflakes are hilarious. True comedy..
Please stop this insane President from making these crazy comments before we go to war. Someone needs to take control!
Which hasn't worked for the past 25yrs
Thank you for standing strong on this issue. Please take action and please post to if there is any way we as citizens can participate.
#25thamendment 

#25thAmendmentNow
Well we're screwed because "steady-handed", "leadership" and "diplomacy" are three things we dont have right now.
What would you specifically advise .@POTUS, of he was listening?
We are not going to find this in the current WH. There's a bunch of cowboys in there now who are just itching for a fight.
Which we will not get. At least until this Administration and Congress have been sanitized.
We are in this mess because of inaction. And "diplomacy" doesn't work with a dictator.  How dare you undermine our President!
I just posted we must march for peace and communicate with them. We must intervene in this nonsense. Not too comfy on W coast now.
So what are u doing to get that leadership and what can we do?  No help just stating the obvious.
Uh, something we don't have at the moment.
Yes! Steady, diplomatic leadership! Excellent! That can work perfec ... Wait. Hang on. Where do we find steady, diplomatic leadership now?
Thats why we need a President who is strong like President Trump. Thank goodness for him!!
That's why you must get involved to fix this mess !
We are a little, I  mean a lot, short on those qualities right now.
We seem to be lacking that these days. Any other suggestions??
And whom do we rely on: Trump & "Dr" Gorka, the hyperactive powers? Rex "Nothing's changed" Tillerson? Or the already side-lined Gen Mattis?
Can you call Bill Clinton the N Koreans like him and they trust him. He should do negotiations it may bother Trump but it will defuse.
Then we need someone other than 45 for sure! He does not know how to negotiate, only intimidate and insult!
So...not Donald Trump?
Which we don't have in the White House!
Where will we find that?
@_A__Dub  you're clearly not going to find it with this Administration!!
Trump is daring North Korea to strike Guam!  Can't you stop him!
Good plan. when does Impeachment start?
Unfortunately we are a little short of those things since Jan 20
Trump's rhetoric and spouting off without thinking first is very scary.
yah, well we don't have that!
So.....Canada?
Please show your conviction and cosponsor the Markey Bill S.200 Restricting the First Use of Nuclear Weapons #Doctorsspeakout @PSRSecurity
Sadly we are lacking in those skills.#resist
All qualities Mien Kampf Trump does not have!USA needs real President!With Class &Experience &Diplomacy!
You won't find that in the WH￼
Maybe you could send obama over there to apologize?
we're screwed 
Too late. The blow toad  is at it again
Ha ha and where are we going to get that with Pres Loco at the helm?
General James Mattis has a opportunity to atone for his past WAR losses w/nuclear annihilation of millions of people. A win for him & Trump!
Trump has to stop treating this asc a game
Well then we're up shit's creek
We need YOU in the WH.
Where do we find that?!? 
Duh. If that's the best you got we're in trouble. Did you read that in a sixth grade civics book?  #drowninginthetrumpswamp
Is that not your job?  What is this we stuff? Do I ask for help mowing my lawn? No because that's my job.
Countering the long running but quickly accelerating NK threat requires novice Senators allow the Dod and admin to do their jobs!
Obama ignored it is that @TheDemocrats diplomacy?
The "elected" leadership has neither.
And DT is not that steady-handed leadership&diplomacy which we need!
Hello greetings to you and your lovely family please less talk on my google hangout beckerdavid922@gmail.com
We aren't paying out money . So forget it
Our "leader" asked during the campaign, if we have nukes, why can't we use them....
Yes we need to handle it like obama and bush did said no one ever
Unfortunately steady handed leadership and diplomacy are both in short supply with this administration.
 seriously?  Don't participate in his Wag the Dog moment, it undermines your credibility
I agree we must attempt to de-escalate. I also think that China needs cut Kim Jong Un off at the knees, controlling their step-child leader.
Wise public officials should guide humanity AWAY from the Brink!  If they do not, wise citizens MUST Step Forward! #NorthKorea #USA #RESIST
The day of reckoning is coming. How can you be diplomatic with a leader who honestly believes he is a god and forces people to worship him
Yes...why haven't you co-sponsored S.200? Please do so today!
Unfortunately, we have neither.
Where are you & the rest of Congress & Senate. Who will speak truth to power? COWARDS!
I wonder where we could get one of those.
Sen. Harris: Will Congress act ASAP to remove @POTUS? Psychiatrists at Yale cite "duty to warn." He is dangerous!
Not tiny handed & bat shit crazy?
sadly we don't have that in the White House -
Hey Kamala, we all know that you are SO much smarter, SO much more cultered and diplomatic than ANYONE you cud fix this NK overnight, right?
If that's the case could you please take over then?

Two things we seriously lack right now.
Which we don't have.
So anyone but Trump...
Well, we don't have that with tillerson and trump.
There is no de-escalating dealing w/ Kim. This is a time where we put politics aside and become 1 nation in solidarity w/ the prez. #noko
can we pass a constitutional amendment to bench an incompetent POTUS and put in his HIGHLY competent, smart, intelligent predecessor
How exactly do we do that when Nikki Haley said "she is done talking."  Isn't that, literally, her job?!
We have neither. Especially with our State Department in shambles.
then we need to get PRESIDENT OBAMA back... 45 can't even negotiate   the bathrooms at the white house... Can you bench a PRESIDENT
Does blasting tweets between holes on the golf course count???
2 qualities potus completely lacks

Unfortunately the Idiot-In-Chief possesses none of those qualities.
Your naiveté is apparent. Kim Jong-un is a sociopath. De-escalation and diplomacy are good things, but try to tell that to Kim Jong-un.
So what you're saying is we need someone other than Trump in charge
see if barron is available
We're boned.
an emergency Congressional meeting and have him removed immediately. We are all scared. Thank you Sen. Harris. #25thAmendmentNow
Yes please help us. Please don't let him get near the nuclear codes. He's not rational enough to command a nuclear armament. Call on...
Where are we to find that ? Steady ?
True but that N. Korean little toad doesn't know the meaning of diplomacy. He's a sabre rattling paranoid clown who thinks he's a god.
Thats gonna be a bit of a problem, we have zero steady handed leadership, anywhere, and a leader with the temperment of a 3 yr old in the WH
I guess we're screwed then
Yeah,  wish we had that.  #kamala2020
So in other words, we are screwed!
Have you or any dems filed articles of impeachment ? Until you do, i cant hear anything else you say
Get Hillary!!!! She can fix it.   .@HillaryClinton
Something we don't have at the moment
Aug 9th 1945 - 70.000 people killed - is POTUS' threats today timed on porpuse?
Who you gonna call?
That would be a feasible plan if the top fruit weren't a lemon, the POTUS, good luck with that.
Then it's time for @HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats @SenateGOP @SenateDems to speak out for using #25thAmendmentNow to remove @realDonaldTrump
However, There is no one in this current presidential administration that can accomplish that. #fucktrump #fuckGOP #fuckpence #imbeciles
Who has actually confirmed any of this "intel" about NK mini nukes is true, @SenKamalaHarris @SenFeinstein @MartinHeinrich @SenateDems?
And how do we do that? I don't think anyone knows how to deal with NK. They just waited for Kim Jong-Il to die and hoped...
People smart people know the history and tensions I. The region and he is afraid of getting saddamed
Found this today on @washingtonpost .... yeah.... lets de-escalate this real damn quick... https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/world/north-korea-targets/img/map-of-death.gif?c=4e4c04df0e8c65d448ca584b0eb27f2197d8a9f1-1500990064 …
What about that Russian invasion of Korea said by @MaxineWaters ?
We're in big trouble then, because our leadership has neither of those things.
Vacancies in the State Dept. not helping.
Right on,25 yrs of diplomacy hasnt worked yet on them, 26th yr has gotta be the ONE. crossing fingers so hard !
And not complete idiot currently POTUS
ARE YOU OUT OF YOUR MINDS? NUKING THEM WORKS, EVACUATE SOUTH KOREA WHILST CLEANSED!!!
U Dems started w/ diplomacy but U whine about it nowNK broke deal B4 ink got dry. No worries, A-team now in place
You're gonna have to dumb this waaaaayy down for the Trump people.
Trump is putting the world on a collision course with survival of our species. Humanity stands to lose while POTUS plays poker with nukes.
Where are you going to find this steady-handed leadership?  Unfortunately, you're not president,  yet.
We don't have leadership. We don't even have a president. We are flying solo. America is dead!
You've just stipulated 2 qualities totally absent in the WH and the GOP. Any back-up?
...and who pays/threatens MSN senior editors.
...And knowing the value of skepticism,  and how a "false flag" is perpetrated.  Educate: false flags.  https://counterpropa.com/morons-believe-us-government-says-north-korea/amp/ …
Well we know that not my President T is not level headed to deal with this .2020 Kamala Harris for President. We need you.
Well then... we're screwed. I'll be in the bunker with my food, ammo, and toilet paper.. 
You seem to have come to the wrong @POTUS .
He needs to be removed ASAP before he gets us all killed. He will do anything not to be impeached and imprisoned for treason!
"Steady handed leadership & diplomacy"  not enough...need integrity, decency, sanity, generosity, self control...no tweeters need need apply
Send in @dennisrodman - problem solved. Seriously.
Diplomacy has worked for years. What has changed? DJT wants a war. It distracts from Russia.
We're screwed.
What if Trump's instigation towards North Korea is all a distraction from the investigations? Frank Underwood did it.
