Why do so many eastern politicians want to control the lands of the west, land many of them have never seen?

Profit for their pockets
Uhh Kamala Harris is from California... if you weren't a Russian boy you'd know that, comrade
FYI here's the list of MLB players born in Russia 

http://www.baseball-almanac.com/players/birthplace.php?loc=Russia …. 

Imagine a bit replying directly to your accu
Or misspelling "bot"?  
Damn I'm a bot

Not
Especially on the pristine land in the Alaska, all the animals have been free their whole lives without disruption. Just about everyone living in Alaska  disagree, why? Money is more important?
The American people use oil for income and consumption we have rights to use the land how we want. Cant all be rec and grazing.
KH for 2020.
It's ours... LET'S USE IT and keep our energy Independence as long as we can. NO NEED to depend on other countries who can cut us off!
We don't want them opened up to HUNTING either. Wolves in Oregon are now being shot on public land by nearby ranchers.
it was the epa and various tree huggers that have forced repopulation of wolves and it has been disastrous to ranchers, be a good metrosexual and worry about your soy latte
I Disagree we are sitting under enormous wealth. I would rather drill & have a fat wallet than not drill and be struggling big time.
actually Kami we do want them opened for drilling,only progressive socialists want them off limits to WeThePeople as a means of control

Why are we still doing so much drilling when there is like 5 billion years of energy right out there in space?
So do our Civil War Statues!  HANDS OFF!
They should be in places where ppl can go see them when they want, like Confed. cemetery, museum, etc.
Bigger picture: IMPEACHMENT needs to be an everyday media vocabulary word. Your @DNC party is not worthy of any support or vote without it
We can come back from exec orders, we can change regulations, but there's no coming back from destroyed national monuments.
Most of those "national monuments" were place by the KKK in the 50s to try to discourage the civil rights movement. Study some history.
Yeah democrats put them there
Central banks own $21.4trillion in assets that back the money system.  Up 10% from 2015.
What exactly are those assets?

Actually, we should sell off public lands that aren't essential for national defense or return to the states.
@TheCarlWeathers If the public owns the land, logically the public should vote on how it's used
Public lands belong to the American people. We don’t want them opened up for drilling. Retweet if you agree.
Rights aren't up for votes and debate.
#BeLove
Yyyyaaaa!!!!! Is this another brain storm of DT????????
Probably, anything to get his greedy hands in a dollar!
“Public lands” is a misnomer because what you really mean is closing off land for socialist elite personal use. Hi Nancy
The American people should have to #vote on such matters that impact our health, water, air. #Corporations o not care and cannot be trusted.
You look pretty message me okay
I absolutely do.   Tweeted Trump  this morning the same thing!!! By the way... whatever you run for... I'm with you !
I don't mean to rant but I am scared to death and I'm a white person with a little bit Indian and who knows what else but I love all people
Good news is. He is just a figurehead.

Ike told us first. JFK next

"Ask not what your Country can do, for you"

Was a warning

Not lecture
And now he is dividing that too. Now what send the kkk, and all the Hate groups to defend us. NOT
No worries Cindy.

#WeGotThis

Because if we just assume the role of Govt through #CivicCapitalism

No campaign $ wasted. No corruption
Then WE the People. Decide what & how to fix it

For instance

If trucking companies all donated $

Fixed roads themselves

They'd save $
Versus waiting for the insurance money and also.. For their state to fix the roads

 #CivicCapitalism just takes care of it ourselves
Have you stumbled and hit your head?
Crooked Hillary wanted to put the miners out of business and you want to put the oil industry out of business. The Democratic way.
Its always drill on the majority to make the rich richer.  The majority has broader values which include beautiful Alaskan meadows.
@JanetPlanet666 Republicans and Democrats can agree public lands are public lands. Come together, keep it our land.
@kelly_carlin   Impeach him. 25th amendment him. Lock him in the bathroom. Something!
another brilliant "resister"who is clueless to the application of The 25th Amendment..
Public lands should belong to the native people, but yes, NO drilling in them!

American people like gasoline and electricity and jods.
What are jods?
So you'd rather keep pay terrorist countries blood money for oil, giving our enemy's endless money. Sad
Stupid tweets like these is why I wish Twitter had a thumbs down option. 
Public lands belong to the American people. We don’t want them opened up for drilling. Retweet if you agree.
Let's open them up for unauthorized immigrants who can develop them and settle them.
And, if we did open them up, how about the oil co.'s share the profits with the people?




Public lands have already been taken & destroyed for the wall. See TX Monarch Sanctuary. Procedure not followed. Gone. More in the works. 1/
 it's so sad leave them alone #USA
Really? Why do we have to pay to go to these"public lands"?
Trolling my page, I see. Who do you think takes care of those public lands? Who puts out the fires, etc? Common sense isn't your strong suit
Having a conversation without an insult isn't your strong suit.
If you can't handle someone questioning your ability to reason then maybe you should avoid social media altogether
We disagree, bfd. I reason just fine thank you. People like you can't tolerate a differing viewpoint so you make personal.

@SenKamalaHarris Thank you for standing up for public lands! #publiclandsproud
The law locks up the man that steals the goose from off the common
But leaves the greater villain loose
Who steals the common from the goose
These lands are sacred and have sites on them known long to our people. No opening for drilling or ranching. Ranching? Time for change.
Drill baby drill
Maybe should have stopped the stealing of land and granting Russia uranium rights under last admin... just saying.
Watch how fast the parks close when the govt does approve raising the debt ceiling.  The Govt owns the land not the people.
drilling that will create jobs for the American people...
@NovoDems Yes, I agree!
I am not really a protest sort of person but I will be rioting in the streets if there is any action to drill off the California coast.
Achuar won, so can other peoples
See ANSCA...
And the indigenous people
I didn't name call and I don't consider myself racist. But all opinions should be listened to
I'm not your honey.
No, not really...
Native Americans own America, not immigrants from Europe
Teddy Roosevelt, a Republican, had a vision 2protect precious wild places 4 posterity & for ALL Americans not a revenue source 4 investors
Public lands belong to the American people. We don’t want them opened up for drilling. Retweet if you agree.
Maybe children should decide?
God you've got to rub. For president!
Run, not rub.
Agree!
Agree Kamala, especially when the proceeds of the drilling are being sent overseas. If anything should occur the oil should stay in the US
I don't think this policy should be one size fits all. It should be decided on a case by case basis after careful analysis.
Profits from drilling rights should be used to help fund the department of interior
Where is Zinke's report?!? It needs to be made public!
Maybe just one rig right right in front of Mar-a-Lago? Kidding but only a little.
You mean like the new Dem Base:
The same with Indian lands our government has shown it has no respect
#MonumentsForAll
Your college degree is in what? You have what agenda before you presently? You are trying to run for POTUS in 2020 is that correct?
#NoMore #OilDrilling+ #OilSpills Public lands belong to the American people. We don’t want them opened up for drilling. Retweet if you agree
Agreed. Keep our public lands public.
I'm not voting for you Harris, so stop trying to bait me, I learned back in 2008 about that
Amen
As soon as some oil company writes you a check you will delete this tweet and cave
DT will continue to reward wall street and corporate America while pretending to drain the swamp at the expense of the environment and poor
Please get this lunatic out of the White House.
Hope THEY won't drill,  b/c not enough time.
b/c  #Fukushima  
The jig is up.... we're screwed 
No, I don't agree. You don't speak for me or for many many others. You're but one faction.
@Carly08440710 no we don't. The American people deserve sane leadership. Trumps now proven the law can't even stop him #SOS
Fat chance. American people are jailed without trial for being on "public lands" 
Just another part of Democrat slush funds.
Clearly state your platform for America to judge or go home!
yeas! i want our white house back from the deplorable current administration.  is pence gonna b a better prez?  LOLOL just investigate pence
Maybe u need 2 focus on the 113 billion its costs a yr to educate, medicate and foodicate ILLEGAL ALIENS. they pay 13 B in taxes..yada..yada
Yes we do want them open..to achieve energy independence and economy boost...DRILL BABY DRILL..FRACK UNTIL THEY HACK.
#publiclandowner #nowall #stayoffpubliclands
Privatized wealth, public risk gotta stop. Socialism for the wealthy & fascism for the rest of US is a sure way 2 destroy all
If lands belong to the people and they are ok with using the land for drilling purposes, like say in Anwar led the ppl drill there.
Drilling provides us with both energy and also salaries. Don't put esoteric environmentalism above people lives.
We don't want them opened up for illegal aliens.
Yes!
@pittrpatt Maybe leave out the 'RT if you agree.' I'm often about to RT and that sentence stops me from doing so
They belonged to natives first, but lets be honest lawmakers will do what they want without regard to the people. At least your trying
Again, stealing from US citizens.
What if I don't agree?
Happening here in the UK as well ...fracking it's called ...
Ummm that's exactly what BLM land was set aside for.
Amen! Keep American safe from Trump & his crownies!
Don't worry. After big companies pollute your air and water, you won't have the strength to visit the land. Sad
The public also want Trump out of the WH.  Impeach if you agree.
Hurry up with your CALEXIT and you won't have to worry about it. U Can suck off other peoples monies.
It's a whole TS going on in TX and you're worried about drilling. Let's talk about rising waters and the need for federal funding.
There's no reason not to be concerned about both.
While I appreciate your viewpoint an emergency deserves the nation's  attention right now. #muteit
I don't disagree with you. We can still do both. It's not like we can't do so.
#KamalaTheSerpent2020 speaks with fork tongue. Public lands that are taken from private citizens.
Dont worry there is a push to not make it profitable to drill.  But landowners can do with their land what they want.  Deal with it.
Drill drill drill
no drilling on public lands
How did you help Standing Rock protesters when First nation people & others stood up against the Dakota Access Pipeline? Somewhat? Not much?
It drives me nuts when people ask others to "retweet if you agree."
I think we're just looking for support while we have an absolute maniac as our president. #resist
Please get this info out, the circus in white house takes away from getting what's happening to the public!
I agree but you have to take that up with the Queen
Or coal mining, which shouldn't be allowed on public lands either. #keepitintheground
Please stop this madman
Start walking then.
We all agree, but Trump could care less what we think.
give them back to the Tribal Nations that Democrats stole them from.....
#DJT thumbs his nose at one of America's great ideas, preserving our natural & cultural history; despoiling will add to assault on climate.
You act like drilling is a sin! God gave us these resources 2 use wisely. Why can't U try getting along w/ The Right Conservatives no hate
If public lands belong to the American people, why don't you stand up for our statues of American heritage. We are blessed to live here
If statues on public land glorify the oppression of my ancestors, they should be moved to land that I don't pay for with my taxes. 1/2
Trust me, POC won't forget who those men are or what they stood for 2/2
We need to use our own resources and there is an abundant amountBeing self sufficient is not only necessary it is a must.
I'm very surprised your not in prison yet.
One of the few things you've said that I agree with.
Agree. Still don't care for your politics , but on this we agree.
race baiter @SenKamalaHarris forgets #FastandFurious - What about #Americans then?
If you alone owned all that land you'd sure as Hell be signing lease deals. Am I wrong?
Stop driving ur car then....
Trump pretends to be concerned about "the beauty of our parks," when talking about removing Confederate monuments, but wants oil rigs there
, there has to be a legal recourse to this. Shouldn't citizens be the ones who make such decisions? Like a VOTE?
I wish I could retweet this thousands of times! Public lands are part of this country's legacy! Should never be used in this manner!

Not sure if you're progressive for Neo Liberal. 
Dont want to make the same mistake made with Obama and Clinton
tuyet do moi chích la tu do
Who cares what you want.  Hahaha
Didn't these public land once belong to the native American people? Your ancestors pillaged their land for their own gain. Same thing here.
American Indians constantly get screwed by the old white men, this was their land, we should respect them & the  we r visiting.
Once u support Israel which is a ruthless apartheid regime, NOTHING u say or ask has credibility! Resign!!
Trump's Environmental Destruction Agency has to be stopped or these will be in every protected public land.
PUBLIC LANDS IN PUBLIC HANDS
You should be tweeting nothing but "NAZIS IN THE WHITE HOUSE". UNTIL THAT IS RESOLVED, NOTHING MATTERS.
Agree!
Every day is a year,,,want to take away Seniors Meals on Wheels,Kids Sesame Streets and Everyone's national monuments and parks #TheJoy
Yup
Trump must have misinterpreted a chapter on what to do as a President from, the Presidential Handbook For Dummies. #truedummy
Do you support a nationwide ban on fracking?
We're already in a glut of oil & gas.  Why drill for more? And why ignore all the other sources of energy that can power our society?
Most of my electricity comes from #Millstone & #IndianPoint. I'd love to have 2-3 times as much #nuclear & no gas or oil. Won't happen...
unless we commit to stop drilling & start building more #CleanEnergy like advanced #nuclear power.
Your profile, @tjgeol, says you support new technologies if they have a sound economic basis. Look at the real cost of fossil fuels...
in terms of deaths & environmental degradation.  Compare that to costs of hydro & nuclear. We should impose an immediate moratorium on coal.
Not bullshit at all. Search for "external costs of coal" or "coal related mortality". Plenty of legitimate research showing coal costs...
@SenKamalaHarris, THANK YOU for paying attention to this issue. I beg you to protect public lands from private interests.
WWWY?
For the sake of Mother Earth , @GOP needs to invest in renewables 
Idea let's declare the whole earth a global park. The tree huggers will finally be happy. Until they have to burn trees for their iPhones
I totally agree.
Public lands belong to the governing body which controls them. Please stop equating the government with the people.
Misread that. Thought it said "private". Even then...
Land owned by the people is privately owned... by people. Public land is owned by the government.
That's it. Still I'm not a fan of national parks being drilled...
Then sell the lands to private conservationists. No one likes land being drilled but everyone likes mobility and electricity.
That's the hope. And good point, but sadly there's not really a equivalent to oil and coal. Technology needs to advance.
Technology has advanced. Intervention (subsidization) merely gums up the works. There are no solutions; only trade-offs.
Teddy Roosevelt was the POTUS who set aside these lands as National Parks. If he only knew what DJT was doing, HE'D shoot him! #DumpTrump
It's what underneath our homes that we must be aware of, because we are already surrounded by chemicals beneath the surface, like tunnels

Public officials belong to the America people. We don't want them opened to corporations and they need term limits. Retweet if you agree
I RT'd, and I'm not even American! ;-)
Why isn't this a "DUH" for EVERYONE?!
take the OBSCENE amount of money out of politics, Use that money to produce a modern rail system in the USA. @StampStampede @YoBenCohen
 Truth!!!
I can't retweet this enough. Please count this one as a million retweets.
Drill baby drill
um, I'm a member of the "American people"  you, madam, do not speak for me.

#MyLyrics            Please retweet 
There is nothing worse than been opened up to a drilling.
This land is #stolenland
Your a hypocrite Harris!
They can open up my portion.
We want u guys to get rid of trump asap! That should be priority number 1 at this point. We don't want to see how low this hole goes.
We love you @SenKamalaHarris - OLD, RICH, WHITE, PROPERTY OWNING MEN may differ, but you are a part of what this country desperately needs
Please help us before trump ruins everything please
Gulf of Mexico ?
Public lands are governed by our leaders who are elected by the people.
How about the East Coast 

http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=125420241 …
Do public waterways count in your hit piece ?
That land belongs to ME??
DRILL IT.  SEND ME THE PROFITS
Drill baby drill
May the ghost of Teddy Roosevelt haunt @realDonaldTrump @GOP @SenMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @EPAScottPruitt #Protect OurPublicLands #StopTheGreed
Don't you have any historical monuments to tear down?
Abundant and cheap energy means jobs. Why are you against using natural resources to help American families? You people are so frustrating.
