Thank U @SenKamalaHarris we ALL have 2 rally + save #ACA I'll lose health insurance w this bill. GOP hijacked this bill & not 1 woman.
What about you...
Are you going to help cover my exorbitant surgery copay under @Highmark so i can stop living everyday in pain
Destroying the ACA will not help you. FIXING the ACA as a path to a universal system is better.
Keeping ACA won't help me either
It had its chance
It failed
You guys were wrong, time for a different approach
Hey there @DjCyFi (1st, I  ur handle)  Does PA have #Obamacare|#ACA? When the states actually serve the constituents properly, it works.
No, it doesn't
I've read ACA, it isn't the states that are causing this situation - it's how ACA is set up
Stop lying
Again, I'm not lying.  Whatever info UR available 2 is wrong. The state has the control. U'd rather have 40 Million people go uninsured?
Stop throwing it reactionary figures without citation, context, or a basis in reality
I've actually read ACA
While you retweet yourself
Ma'am ask them why be willing to send us #Veterans to war then cut off our healthcare and attempt to profit further from our service
They have been saying no one has seen it so how does this meme creator and u know this
Understand I'm not playing politics with this. The #AHCA @HouseGOP put up does exactly this. You're referring to the current @SenateGOP plan
Sorry senate plan is what I was talking about
Additionally they want to also consider pushing us onto state health plans which are already overburdening taxpayers as they argue
He hasn't signed off on any of it and won't if he doesn't get what he promised. But what about the changes to the VA that he has promised?
He didn't sign off because @SenateGOP @SenateDems rejected @HouseGOP bill it never has come up for vote.
So proud of you!! You ROCK!!
I have health coverage through @Highmark
I can't afford the copays treatment
I live everyday in horrible pain
Will you help me pay for care?
And if the AHCA passes then you might not get coverage for your pain condition because it will be a pre-existing condition.
The $$ i pay each year in premiums b/c of ACA is enough to pay for my procedure
ACA is keeping me sick, in pain & broke
You will not receive any coverage for this condition ever if this bill passes!
What is wrong with you?
You're so wrapped up in your own echo chamber you can't even pay attention to what other people are saying
Like that the ACA has helped millions of people get health insurance who couldn't get any before because of a pre-existing condition.
Having insurance isn't the same as being able to afford treatment
Now we just pay lots of $$ for health insurance when we can't afford care
You may be waiting a long time for them to find their spines. But hang Trumpcare around their necks in 2018. And Trump.
Oh, you mean like your lot did passing Obamacare with no one being allowed to see it? Pelosi, gotta' pass it to see it. Hypocrite much?
#Gangof13
They R not just trying 2 starve the elderly, they intend 2 put n place mechanisms so none of it can ever b undone. They r out 2 kill 4 big $
Who formed this list?
I do NOT know who formed it but it does correctly define the present GOP down 2 #14. America is not a voter elected democracy, it's Oligarch
So who ran the oligarchy when Obama was in power?
After the darling of the Oligarchy, "W" did so badly, the O allowed a black man n feeling that he wud be a 1 termer & then they get it back.
Kamala Harris, lady we can depend on, true fighter. She just landed n the Senate but she is the storm that Dems needed w @SenWarren +MaxWtrs
Dems need to start drafting single payer Medicare for all system that can be enacted first day if we win congress in 2018. @SenFranken
Are you going to submit your thousand amendments to block #trumpcare?
did you interrupt your colleague when you posted this tweet?
Kamala HEAT 
Oh I can tell I'll be replaying a video of her turning sessions into a eunuch in private again tonight!
Does she use a dull butter knife with salt as an antiseptic?
I like where you're head's at!  How about a dull pizza cutter and woodgrain alcohol? OOO 1 for half the job then switch!
It is a good start lol
Yes it is. Ha ha. We have no shame and are proud of it.,I don't want poor people around - be gone I say!
Thank you, Senator Harris! We need more champions like you in Congress!
The republicans should ignore the democrats and run this bill through. Kamala Harris as usual is wrong!
Funny the Democrats just received it and is debating it now but you have read it? Tell us whats in it PLEASE?
They don't have it.  No one does!!!!
Dear Honest - The Senate has not shared a word of their tCare proposed bill!  13 men r meeting privately... Want to rush it through... Truth
Exactly.So it can be cut to pieces.Saying this is the bill we've passed it now u have 2 hrs to review it and vote on it.Not going to happen.
Thank you!
Thank you Ms Harris. Stay strong. The people support you..
Our wonderful American tradition,crusty old white men deciding about women,children,elderly...horrid humans enjoying their pathetic victory
But you don't have a record of standing up for what is right
HOW CAN YOU SAY SOMETHING IS BAD WHEN YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT IT IS? IT WAS BAD WHEN IT WAS PASSED WHEN WE HAD TO 'READ IT TO SEE WHAT'S IN IT!'
Pls be real about "it's worse than we thought"? I'd say @SenateDems nee2 expect the worse & seriously on message, 
Please do what's right, and we know this is just wrong!!
Is the @GOP getting help from Russians with their secret healthcare plan? Is that why it is a secret?
Nope! Cause we're ALL WATCHING! 
PS THANKS KAMALA!!
Remember you paraded Obamacare across Capital steps, behind Pelosi, "Pass it,to see what's in it"?! Well tough luck now! Ha
At this point, Americans are pretty hip to what's what. If @theDemocrats think this bill is bad, there's a 99% likelihood it's good for us!
After election, all should work together
You don't know if it's bad. I assume you would help create the bill that helps Americans. Work together for us. 
Please run for president. I think you're amazing, and I feel inspired by you daily.
Same message to @CNNPolitics @MSNBC  @maddow @chucktodd
Please tell lyin P Ryan that as he stated; "An attack on one of us, is an attack on ALL OF US" applies to healthcare too.
The senate bill is wrong. Don't republicans have pre-existing conditions?  Why are they so against healthcare?
Yeah, public health effects everyone whether they want to admit it or not. We all go out in public so we all risk getting a public illness.
That's the Trump way just push through whatever u can as fast as u can. For him to call it mean had to hurt him some how.
Stand down and stop supporting unpaid prison labour, Kamala. #slavery
Thank you! She is a hypocrite
Yes, we are all watching!
Agreed and nice sentiment, but your R colleagues clearly don't GAD about America's families. That's not changing. Solution? Vote them out.
My message for you: keep kicking ass
Why don't the #Democrats have an #ACARepair Bill ready?
As for me... any Senator who votes yes on this bill MUST be replaced. They care about party, not their constituents.
Go girl. So glad to see a woman not afraid to fight for truth and justice!
#46 #2020 
You and  Dems could get 60% of Americans behind you if you supported a Universal option. Reps would  lose if you were serious abt hc
Loved your questions for Jeff.  I'm wearing my Nasty Woman t-shirt.  Go get'em Kamala.  Proud you are my senator
Shout it from the mountaintops! American healthcare is a calamity and International embarrassment! Give all in US Congress's insurance plan!
@slkavney yes mammmm.
And this is such wonderful advice for elected officials at all levels to never forget your principles and why you went into public service!
You rock woman.  Keep it up.
They just don't care. Everyone is going to notice.
Thank you for speaking up !!
True we are watching closely.
Please continue resisting, doing whatever you can to slow down the process, requiring that this hidden Trumpcare bill be openly debated.
This is in effect an attempt of a tyrannical rule of the majority. Regardless of party we should all stand for the integrity of our system.
Please, repugs have some backbone and stand up for what is right for everyone, not just your party cronies. You are embarrassing yourselves.
Thank you for being a voice to your colleagues! Now if they would only listen!
Dems really need to do everything possible to stop/delay this bill. Use every procedural rule against them. Enough already.
Good luck, I've come to accept the GOP representatives are spineless lemmings
@Honey17011 HOPEFULLY, your message doesn't fall on #DeafEars!!
This EXACTLY WHY @IronStache WILL be replacing heartless & ridiculous @SpeakerRyan .. #CleanHouse 2018!
Colleagues republican and democrat. This is a terrible precedent
If it does go through  they will have two choices. Either they are incompetent or complicit. Good luck in '18
We're here. And we notice!
Kamala Someone needs to reach the republican voters and tell them to call their reps and tell them what they want.Go on @FoxNews
“Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.” 
― Martin Luther King Jr.  Stay Strong!
Speak it!   Someone stand up for what you really believe!
What I don't understand is why so many are cowering on this thing. Its a giant, steaming pile and everyone knows it, so what is the hold up?
Right you are, Sen Harris.
We are watching. And we will remember your vote. #Nov2018
REPUBLICANS SUCK!!
My message to you, Kamala, is please look into the largest property tax loophole in the us. God can afford taxes or no one can.
Those who stand up will be heroes in history books.
Your colleagues don't know how to fight. Perhaps you can teach them.
Most are sheep
We notice.
Pretty much NEVER the time for that if you are an elected representative. REPRESENT!
Thank you for your leadership Ms. Harris.
No. Don't. Please support the bill. If you're dumb enough to vote for it, you deserve to find a new job after YOU are voted OUT!!!
@comrade_orange We will notice
EVERYONE is noticing. I hope @SenateGOP knows that. Americans see @SenateMajLdr & others for who they are.
Bravo Kamala!
Senator: Please continue to show the # of months it took with over 90 GOP Amendments/Public Hearings before ACA . GOP has selective memory.
The problem is quite simple. Some constituents are like me, others are millionaires and billionaires. The million/billionaires are winning.
Your @GOP colleagues are ALL cowards & liars
Agreed!
we'll notice...oh yes we will notice
We all notice.
Knock their doors down and drag them out so they will take action! 
Don't let them be quiet!!!
Harris 2020
I only wish that if it passed all the GOP senators have to go on it. Hope you don't have a pre-exist condition. Pay back is a b---h
Agreed! I've never been a follower, but on issues of key importance, people need to step out from their malaise comfort zones & get active.
Are you going to grill sessions again once Trump has time to get his story straight? Since his answers were all "I can't answer YET"?
Kamala Harris is leading by example! Go head girl!!
As members of Congress, is there ever a time to be quiet & hope no one notices?
As my rep will u and Dems stand up to stop?  A vote a Rama?
I noticed that they could have put together a decent single-payer option to show Americans they cared about them, but they don't.
I don't think they have the courage to do the right thing. Reason 7 billion as to why I'm not a republican.
It will be noticed in voting booths.
We noticed already. Too late for them to hide it or themselves.
I love your optimism. I keep hoping they will change their mind about this approach.
Matter of life and death.

If you need to keep the tax breaks for the top 2% and for insurance companies, the GOP Senate is on the right track I believe.
Trust me...we will notice
Why try to stop bills implemented by someone we should have stopped from being elected to begin with. We wait for things to happen then fix
Time 2 tweet til u bleed .If u don't tweet congress u r not AMERICAN. TWEET them all. Tell them HELL NO 2 DEATH CARE.LET'S SHUT DOWN TWITTER
Plus that is the GOP s platform
GUTLESS , GUTLESS
#FreePalestine
If you don't know what's in this bill, & @SenateMajLdr lights it on fire & says, "Jump on it,"you know it's poo! #VoteNoAHCA #VoteYourOssoff
And if they do they WILL suffer the consequences in 2018 when Americans realize what just happened to them #MAGA it's a catch phrase
Franken-Harris 2020
Remind them as well they are not the only ones that can take away care . We care enough to vote which can be taken away too.
What are they afraid of, if it isn't the American People? They don't fear us. But they are afraid. Who or what is it that they fear?
I believe that a lot of Russian money has been invested into republican politics, and that it also comes with a penalty for non-delivery...
What a voice gir the Democratic party, rub for the presidency in 2020.
Pls outline your objections and alternatives and allow a public debate on Twitter.
Everyone is paying attention now. They have to know that...if this passes, 2018 will go bay without consequence but 2020 will be the year of
All we need is three of you to show integrity, to put people over party.
Is Pelosi going to read it this time? Are you? However many pages? Are you personally going to read it or will your flunkies?
Too many in Congress are spineless 
They are not as strong as you are and did not take the same oath.

#LicTrump: Trump awol. Trump tax records M.I.A. Trump & Sessions Russia collusion memories K.I.A. Republican Party L.I.A.R.S. "Go figure!" 
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU for standing up, for speaking out, for refusing to be silenced! 
@SenateGOP If I lose my child & myself lose our Medicaid & Medicaid Expansion I hope the citizens in the @GOP states come for your SEAT 
.we will notice. We might have to haunt you from our graves. But notice and haunt, we will.
they knew your nomination for potus was bad didn't stand up then you expect too much
we notice and we vote
Yes 
The entire Trumpcare is "Mean" and in complete shambles..Any wonder then why they want to do all this in secret. A win at any cost.
We WILL notice. We are taking names!! And when your seat comes up we WILL remember.
Then Dems need 2 put a hold on the bill! It's procedurally possible – drastic measure but these R drastic times & a dire situation. #Please
Thank you for opposing the bill Senator Harris. I know you and Ms. Feinstein have worked tirelessly to get the word out about this disaster.
We're gonna notice.
Their not interested in the health and well being of the average American, only interested in that huge tax cut for the wealthy.
How can they DO this to us?  If McConnell would take away our healthcare, let's take away theirs. It's enough to make one utterly depressed.
This is GOP using dark money bribes to fatten up their retirement accounts. The GOP Old Guard knows they are done for. No longer relevant.
Many #GOP legislators concerned ONLY abt '18 & '20 election prospects. They need to be reminded that many people WILL die bc of their plan.
@POTUS?
He's got issues, and I don't think it's getting better.

#SadBunny
#AHCA
#Healthcare
We've ALL noticed what the GOP is doing. They obviously haven't figured that out. We need to show them in 2018.
Thank you!
Oh we will notice and VOTE  THEM  OUT 
Although you represent California, you speak for all of us.  Thank you
Reach across the aisle to moderates such as Murkowski.
No statute that excludes congress.
We.  Will. Notice.
Resist - stand up - it's what a majority of Americans want - stop this administration from destroying the USA.
or keep quiet hoping someone else will step up instead
Stand up America!!!  And those esp that have been elected. Do wats right.
Silence means acceptance. This cannot be acceptable 2 any . I am so thankful 4 the healthcare that we do have in .
Unfortunately Senator, most of your colleagues (specifically on the right), is that they don't have 1/10th of the Backbone you have ma'am. 
if it's behind closed doors....it's bad sorta like a man who beats his wife and no one knows bcs they're not there to see. Debate on floor
@SenKamalaHarris please get together w/ those not in this closed door men's club & bring ideas to table so when they say u did nothing PROOF
@john95822 right!!!!
It's Our Tax Money. Why would we want to create Profit for the Few out of Our Money?Privatizing Schools means You Pay Tuition & 1%r's profit
Ms. Harris, can you please run for President in 2020? I'd vote for you in a heartbeat.
1% See Us & Our Tax Dollars as a bottomless pit of Cash to grab off and Pile into their Greedy Stash. Government is about Service not Profit
Rally the Troops Kamala! That's what Leaders do...
Drain the swamp in 2018
If anyone stays quiet in the Senate then he/she shouldn't be a Senator ... She/He needs a new job, say a MIME ....
They don't care if it's a bad bill. They just want to "win" and undo what Obama accomplished. @SenMajLdr is truly evil.
Agreed. Because the American people are going to notice. Do not screw us over. If you do, it's on you, Republicans. #Resist
We are noticing.. called Cory..  said I'm  a shamed of him.. He no longer deserves to represent us
everyone will pay the price. including them. If not now, then later at election times.
Believe it @SenateDems we are watching, and if you pass on this fight, start looking for new jobs
#WITHHOLDCONSENT #NoHearingsNoVote #Resist
@SenKamalaHarris, you appear to be one of the very few @TheDemocrats who do fight.  We need you to help us.  Thank you for what you do!
Everyone cowers to King Donald
@SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP should not pass a bill till all their constituents see it & agree! Backroom bills not Democracy
Problem is that nobody knows yet. Unless you listen to Pelosi and to vote for it so you can find out what's in it.
I hope they hear you! Thank you for your stand.

#LICTRUMP: Less Insurance Coverage, tm 2017 Donald J. Trump. 
I don't live in your District but believe me I am appreciative that SOMEONE in the Congress is doing more than just lip service!!
We will notice...
Because the voters are noticing!
Because WE ARE watching 
@cdelbrocco Absolutely, now is the time to stop this Bill.
How do we if we already have Congressional representative who are against this terrible "non-bill" of a bill.  To your colleagues: RESIST!
I LOVE how in such a short time in DC, you are kicking a$$ and taking names. Keep up the good work! The American people thank you!
We Dems need to go full court press on the COWARDICE  of the GOP.
We notice. Luv you Kamala. #ew
With republicans in command they will stuff it up our ass this is not about people this is about Obama and$ their only purpose
