How does a "company" have a religious belief? It's a company, not a person?
It's called the owners & founders of the company stupid
Now there’s an uneducated classless response. Name calling, what are you 10? Oh no, you must be a trump supporter. Can’t debate facts! Sad
No just responding to a stupid comment on your part.
I understand my comment is beyond your comprehension & it’s above Your perspective to discuss! But your ignorance is showing! You’ll be ok!
Obviously something you don't comprehend
Your ignorance is shining brightly! I’m not going to explain it to you it’s way too complicated for you to understand  keep it as fairies! 
No it's just ignorant for you to think just cause people own a company means they have to disavow their beliefs.
Not true again!   Birth control still accessible! Why does Kamala always lie
We need to overturn this total atrocity against women.
Lol lol lol
So why do we vote? Why aren't their means for reps to object for reversals. Needed too are bills to halt the reversals of former POTUS work
The problem is the previous socialist in the office by passed the law did things with his pen that can be undone! Blame obama
GoP: "the government shouldn't get between you and your healthcare"
GoP: "unless we don't like the care you need"
So get a new coverage.  Obamacare is accessible and affordable for everyone, right?  Also you can buy BC at Walmart for 9 dollars!
Good. I love babies.
Than one can choose to WORK ELSEWHERE! PRIVATE BUSINESSES HAVE THE RIGHT!
Your vagina is not the taxpayers responsibility.
Why
Does health care cover Viagra and penis pumps? Add that to the books see those dry old men change this crap bill to keep that.
It's about religious beliefs. They can pay 4 their own bc. Tax payer funded healthcare shouldn't be picking up the tab. Stop pandering this
denying "coverage" is not denying access.   I see no reasons for me to pay for "birth control" for the promiscuous females in California.
Birth control isn't healthcare. Pregnancy is not a disease as far as I know. Spend your own money for birth control not my tax money.
Birth control??   So, is that the biblical term for it?  Try that term out in your church visits
If you care so much about women then give back Weinstein's $ you hypocrite
I feel like certain company’s do this already.
It’s not right but it’s life here we will continue to sit back another 3 years & complain. Yet push No candidate to emerge to stop gop 2020
Sad.  Four years can’t go fast enough.  Ready to move to Canada!
Bye. I lived with 8 years of values-destruction and "blame America" with ur King Obumbler. Glad to know you'll be squirming for the next 7.
Many #Obamacare policies don't cover cancer medications either.
And they cost far more than $9 a month.
But they will still pay for Viagra but not birth control... someone needs to explain this one to me! #HandsOffMyBC
Republicans sure don't like women.

Good news, they like really fine white men!
#GOPCorruption #GOPForMen
Never
Please work with congress to get him out of our White House asap.  Please for the sake and sanity of the majority.
8 Other Reasons Women Take Birth Control Pills (Besides Preventing Pregnancy) http://wb.md/2xLp32D 
 from @WebMD
How did we end up with so many people who cannot grasp how insurance works? The party of stupid must be stopped.
They can also drive to Walgreens
The federal government has no business forcing nuns to pay for pills that terminate pregnancies.
I better go get my iud changed to Paragard so I’m good for the next 10 years. Just in case.
Stupid ass Republicans! What are they doing?
Good God
Don't worry if you're sleeping with them they'll pay for it
But they cover viagra?
Thanks @IvankaTrump  for looking out for women's rights. NOT.
Oh please. Zip it.

THE ONLY BIRTH CONTROL TAXPAYERS SHOULD PAY FOR IS YOURS, BUT WAIT WE PAY YOUR SALARY.
Why the pivot to Medicare4All, Kamala? Our concentration should be on fixing and maintaining the ACA!
One is for the present, the other for the future.
This is not a problem. You are free to shop around for a plan that fits your needs without having force involved.
This has to stop.
I bet Viagra is still covered though.
Will women & their partners get paid family leave when their babies are born? Help with day care? No, the GOP loves  fetuses, not children
Can we have our own solution in CA?
$9 a month at Walmart
@GOP & @realDonaldTrump reign! #Women second class citizens Go to Canada, Mexico, etc, even the #internet #Cost < #CoPay #WeThePeople rule!!
It’s not their job.
@IvankaTrump where you at?
If your employer doesn't offer plan with it, make a stink. I bet 99.9% will
That’s ridiculous!! Women will have obviously have more babies than they want or need at their own expense! Or be able to afford!
Good if that means I don't have to pay for the coverage
Crying my eyes out.  He needs to go. Why is he still there????????????????
Wow this is insane.
Indeed I do and this is a good thing. It's called personal responsibility. You outta try it sometime or move to Cuba.
No PP,no emp ins birth control,what’s left for poor &/or unemployed women? More poor,abused,disadvan bb’s That ought to boost our economy
Can employers afford having their female labor out on a 90 day maternity leave?
I wonder what the women who voted for Trump are saying Now?
They have no right and sometimes birth control is use for health purposes it’s not just for you to keep from getting pregnant
my employer used to so no surprise here
So wrong!!!
Then they can hop on over to Planned Parenthood and get them. Because that’s what it’s there for, right?
Government shouldn't be in the birth control business. It's called freedom. Something that you what to dole out and control
Good. I don't want the government in my bedroom.
Being a man i am rather offended
Also, selective abortion of all male fetuses for the next 10 years could eliminate this problem in 50+ years
Not in Illinois...
That is one way the GOP plans to remove women from the work force.
Next they'll be banning hysterectomies.
BUT HER EMAILS! BUT HER VOICE! BUT HER PANTSUITS! #TrumpIsAMoron
I don't get it GOP doesn't want abortions. Yet doesn't want birth control. Do they understand what the result will be ?? Unwanted pregnancy

Employers have no responsibility to supply birth control.  They give jobs and pay taxes.
I wish Trumps mother had used birth control!!!
Will they deny Men’s ED medication as well. Seems only fair. Hate our president
#HandmaidsTale
The right wants to keep women barefoot and pregnant: underpaid, unemployed, and making babies no matter what.
Yep. That’s exactly what they want: Christian Sharia.
No, most of them don’t want any of that. Why do you fear Dr. Oz?
 Lemme guess: Breitbart?

No, I believe reality, not Islamophobia.
And I’m sure they will.
Contraceptives should be easier to obtain. However can you explain this?
Great.
Enjoying your revolution Sue? This IS what you fought for, right?! Your tribe is going after Kamala now...keep them feeding @SusanSarandon
Next they will deny you coverage if you are part of the LGBT community.
We are back in the dark ages!
Second class citizens.
U said this 30 mins ago: Reality is much more complicated than the lines politicians draw to score points. 
Great.  Isn't this cheaper than unwanted birth expenses??? I mean a delivery alone costs employers $10k.....
He's a terrible person. Cannot wait for impeachment day
This is awful.  Women should have rights over their reproduction abilities.
Yet, they will fight to make sure men can get an  erection, smh. If they don't pay for birth control, bye bye Viagra
Handmaids tail anyone? ... smh
This is not America!
Cant you just feel us getting closer to being great again? Tired of winning yet?  Make him go away, before it's too late.
Major nat'l BOYCOTT & PROTEST any employer or Ins Co who denies coverage, just b/c trump says they can.
Employers & Ins Co's who do so must be exposed as soon as it happens. 
Silver lining : we will see who does the denying & can act upon that.
So sad so unnecessary remember when you vote!!
#WarOnWomen
Time to go all #Lysistrata on these guys. No more men making rules for women's bodies! Cut coverage of little blue pill too!
Next, they'll remove pregnancy as part of health coverage.
Kamala, what about individual states? Can you at least make sure these rights are protected in our state of CA?
#BlockVasectomyInsCovNOW!
And then not pay for your maternity leave when you *mysteriously* wind up pregnant.
Before that on their own for medical / prenatal care.
Oh, and good luck with childcare when you have to go back to work after a couple weeks.
Please spread the word about how your constituents can fight this. Donate to the @aclu, register complaint on  https://www.federalregister.gov  etc
@GOP doesn't want you to have health care, they want to tax you more so they could give the wealthy a tax cut
This is terrible.
Sen Harris, as a lawyer, how can this possibly withstand a court challenge?
Men: “Why should MY tax dollars pay for your birth control?”
Women: “...Isn’t it obvious?”
Men: “No, we lobbied for abstinence only sex ed.”
Time for another march.
Another GOP policy to advance their world view that in America, men come first
You must really hate Muslims then?
Now the federal gov't can hire contractors that discriminate in hiring. LOTS going on today.
I work for a child care company. I don’t believe they would do this but one could imagine why they would want to.
My employer has no right to govern my uterus. I'll boycott any company that does or wants to. #HobbyLobby is at the top of the list.
And any sporting event sponsored by Viagra! So done!!
No one is telling you can’t use contraception
This is messed up. https://youtu.be/031kG667KkI  "Why can't old white men keep their hands of women's reproductive rights?" - My Mom Off Camera
But I am sure that coverage of vasectomies remains…uncut
Ha ha! Very cheeky! And they'll keep Viagra!
This is an act of terrorism.
Outrageous. This administration is dismantling our lives a piece at a time.
Second class citizens once again.
