Universal healthcare is what the voters want. Your donors don't. Who will win? #SinglePayerNow
U go girl...In Spirit I am with U~~
Love from Chicago for our next POTUS (2020!)
"Seeing 2020 with Harris": I'm telling you ma'am, you'd make plenty of us smile AND work your campaign:)
Congress should get same healthcare they force on us!!  NO EXCEPTIONS!!
Perhaps we can start moving toward a Medicare for All system...? We need to get the cost of prescription drugs DOWN!!!
Thank you, Senator Harris
Instead of "FIGHTING" maybe you should learn to negotiate and compromise. Your attitude and demaanor will hold you back from a higher office
Did ya just meet the GOP? They will NOT negotiate nor compromise,what's left but to fight !
I'm standing in line already to vote for you in 2020.
Thank you !! We need you please keep up the hard work and the good fight!!
You go girl!! Congratulations on your bid for 2020!
Take your socialist brain back to California, if they can stand you. If you can't actually help, you are just part of the problem.
Do not let up. This may be a head fake.
Tsk, tsk.  What a corrupt, lying, sleeping w/married men, No morals @SenKamalaHarris is.  Thats a dem for you.  The truth is coming!
Keep fighting for all of us, soon-to-be President Harris !
Dreamer!
Must demand ratification of #Equal Rights Amend so it is illegal to discriminate against women in healthcare going forward  #ERANow
Happy & Relieved that You are in The Senate, a True Fighter for what's Right & for The People
please use periscope also, <3
2020
EASE UP MY DEAR AUNT SALLY NOT! FIGHT HARDER MY FELLOW RESISTERS! 
Oh boy, don't think so
Does math/economics of public option work to bring down prices due to competition?   I do not hear any word of reviving it....
Why are illegals get FREE Healthcare? Do you believe tax payers should pay for them??
Exactly what are you doing to fight? Exactly what can we do to help?
#SinglePayerNow #Medicare4All
This is not enough Senator, not enough!
Thank you
Yes, Future Madam President Harris.
I'm sure you will be your rude, and nasty self......
Why don't you just head outside the United States and not come back
Can't believe ur being congratulated for obstructing progress. Dems need to get to work-that's what you're there for; stop pouting w/schumer
Thank you Senator Harris! Please stay safe and have security with you always! As you know, many lunatics around nowadays.
It's not your gender, or color that disqualifies you. It is the mentality of corruption. There are 1000s of females that are honest. Not you
The entire Country, including many Californians are NOT WITH YOU, and will never be. You stand for corruption and everybody knows.
Keep fighting for the American people.
http://bit.ly/HiBuzzi  All we're seeing is Ruth Buzzi filibusteringBoth of U voted NO to ShanahanU can't even unite on an EZ pickSAD

Where r other Dems???
Thank you Sen Harris! Keep fighting for us!!!
#MedicareForAll must be the defining moral issue of 2018. The utter depravity of the @GOP  bill offers us the path for a wave election.
If u can't even take a stand against 1 man on sleeveless clothing, how much are you willing to fight?   need dems that'll be BOLD N STRONG!
We don't need a new plan - Government should stay out of our lives. #Liberty
can I trade you for Rubio?
The Repugs have a track record for lying & let's leave out the past for s & giggles & start w/Trump times. They've done more lying w/45
then they have since the start of the Repug party. Trump is the kind of evil we never hoped to see, and always feared would come...
Thank you, @SenKamalaHarris! :)
U do like wasting tax payers time&money 
CONSTITUTION don't  guarantee any health care 
Yiu dont repreaent the ppl u represent #criminals
Head over to check out what 2 Russians are doing with SOS please!
headed outside to an audience picked by you office staff?
Keep fighting for us, we have your back in California!!!!! #donttakeourheathcare
Yourself having entered the U.S. Senate Assembly Chamber voting NO ,I'm there.
Senator Kamala Harris love you to life? But that was not a compelling argument. No Senator, you are a Jamaican mom, you have better stuff.
thank you, Senator!!!!
I'm with Joe! Healthcare is a RIGHT not a PRIVILEGE FOR THE RICH!
Quiet as little mice...
We love you for your endeavors!
Go get em Kamala 
4:44PM Y Your tweet (notification) the same; @CSPAN  2 U.S. Senate; Voting Now.
Yourself having entered the U.S. Senate Assembly Chamber voting NO, I'm there.
Thank you TRUE PATRIOT!!! 
When you are done do you think you could you go sign the IMPEACHMENT PAPERS your colleges have drawn up?

We're behind you %. Make them face the truth, Kamala.

Medicare for all

