Falling in line like a good little DEM girl! So wrong just so wrong! Just keep in mind that you work for us ALL in CA not some!
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris.
Unfortunately . . .
Thank you Senator
Thank you!
And like most things democrats waste our time and money on, achieved absolutely nothing......
Just secede already. Then you and the other Kosmic Klowns can form your own Zen Court.
How much good did it do you.  Only alienated people in California that think laws should be enforced.
Thank you!
Thank you very much.
Good for you Kamala Harris .
sorry to see that U voted for this block. while the Garland treatment was bad, Gorsuch is probably better than next Trump nominee.
LOL, in my best Dr. Phil voice, how did that work for ya? Thanks to the Harry Reid Option!!! ;)
And how did that work out for you? LOL
Thanks for the effort.
You are comedy gold.
Thank you for trying to stop him. All your efforts help and mean a lot.
Yes!  Thank you for your courage.
you just voted without engaging the gray matter....think of the future next time you vote. Amateur!
How did that work out for you?
Justice Neil Gorsuch confirmed by Senate. How'd you vote again....oh never mind, not important now.
You are shameful !
@gabycam you are the best Kamala!
you failed to do your job senator.
As a democrat, I think you guys blew it.  What did you gain?  A more divided senate.
proving ur all obstructionists and hypocrites! Not to mention against the constitution AND AMERICA! #NukeEm #ConfirmGorsuch
Thanks for trying.
You are my hero!
Thank you
Thank you.
A waste performed by a waste. Did you REALLY go to law school? If so, which one. I don't believe you ever attended!
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris !!! Proud to call you my senator. What's wrong with @GOP ?!? They are despicable people. Sad.
Thank you, Senator!!
BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH
Thank you 
No, you really didn't.  You just make it easier for Trump to fill the next seat.
Thank you
Idiot !!!
This is a real shocker but, it doesn't matter as Gorsuch will be confirmed and you can thank Harry Reid.
Thanks
So, you're a puppet. You want a medal for letting someone pull your strings? Why no? Just because he likes the constitution & you don't?
Maybe just Maybe one day you will actually do something. Your first three months has been a waste to all.
Now you know why we went #NuclearOption. There was no valid reason to oppose #ConfirmGorsuch. Partisan obstruction is not a valid reason.
Thank you! We cannot have a cuckoo bird for a lifetime on the Supreme Court.
Thank you. The Supreme Court will never again be admired, trusted/supported by the rest of the World, let alone here.SCOTUS tainted forever.
BFD
Please let us know when the political kabuki and grandstanding is over.
Thank you!
Thank you.
you need to ask yourself if Trump's next pick will be better?  If you do not believe you will get someone more acceptable, why vote no?
Thank you.
I think it's a losing battle but thank you for standing strong #NuclearOption #NeilGorsuch #MerrickGarland
@retireleo @SenSchumer dumb vote and simply a waste of legislative time.
Thank you SO much!
@SenFeinstein Your votes had nothing to do with his qualifications, everything to do with your anger at @POTUS. So easy to see.(CA resident)
Day late and a dollar short. Better cancel the fireworks celebration.
Thank you for nuking the filibuster.  It was undemocratic.
Thank you.
Not sure i agree with this .....
It sucks @SenateMajLdr continue to do the dirty deeds of @realDonaldTrump not patriotic

Thanks to all of you who encouraged me to consider filibuster reform. It had to be done.
Mostly what I glean from your tweets is that you are in over your head and have no business being a Senator.
You go girl!! 
#bimboexpress
That's JUSTICE #Gorsuch to you.#Losers
Thank you!
Didn't do a bit of good.
I did not agree with your vote.
... and I am glad you lost.  You should of done your job and confirmed Judge Gorsuch.  Gun Owners in CA Thank you for leaving
Unfortunately, she didn't leave.  Only changed hats to become even more dangerous to our freedoms.
She is currently a lame duck Senator. I think it will stay that way. She can't do anything against gun owners when she is the minority party
240 yr experiment in collaborative democracy ends after GOP blocks DEM  #SCOTUS for 9 months - then hypocritically pushes their own nominee.
Remember in 2007, Schumer and Biden preached that they should not consider any SCOTUS appointment by GWBush during his last year in office.
Talk is One Thing
But the Actions of #MitchMcConnell @GOP in preventing ANY consideration (no hearings, no cmte) are inexcusable hypocrisy.
True, but the Dems were prepared to do the very same thing if a SCOTUS position had opened up under GW.
It's the hypocrisy.
Way to not govern. Party politics and the sake of the USA.
Thank you!
Way to waste the people's time. Go on break now. You've been working too hard.
Thank you! #StopGorsuch #StolenSeat
Thank you so much !
Save our democracy/constitution! Russian investigation FIRST!
@VABVOX Thank You Senator Harris.
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you, Senator! Keep fighting for us-we need your leadership!
Thank you 
.@SenKamalaHarris keep it up. Your work has value and we appreciate it.

YES ! Thank you !!!
.@SenKamalaHarris @PaulBrandfass Finally some meaningful work being done. Keep it up.
Thank you.
Thank you Senator.
thank you
i voted for you and i am happy with my decision
Thank you!  This is so important
thank you for your representation. I am Cali.

Well done Senator.
Thank you!
Nuclear option leads to nuclear fallout.  We will remember in 2018.
It's called the Reid rule for a reason. #historylesson.
Thank you!! 
Thanks for standing up against this GOP insanity!
#StopGorsuch
What are you doing to stop this @GOP lead rule change? #resist #indivisible
What? Change the Reid rule?? No way.

You should be ashamed of yourself!!
Thank you for standing up to him and them. That's why we voted for you!
thank you. Whatever happens, we appreciate that you did what you could.
He has no business being there. Merrick Garland is supposed to be bc that's when the position opened & I'll never be ok w/ what they did.
Thank you, Senator Harris!
Thank you for standing strong against this mini-dictatorship
Well you've never been known for your intelligence so it's not exactly a surprise.
Thank you
Thank you!
U did so with no legal reason.  Left made a HUGE mistake; Americans understand disagreement but not petty fights. #gorsuch
You mean like how the GOP blocked obamas Supreme Court pick?
80 years of tradition , like 241 yrs of no filibuster for SC nominee - Left s to tear down traditions. #MAGA
Thank you Senator! #StopGorsuch
Thank you, Sen Harris.  So proud to have you representing me.
Nobody is arguing on his qualifications per say, they are arguing who is alliance is for and when the entire sitting court says no LISTEN
You are the best, Kamala! Thanks for working so hard for CA! 
Thank you, Senator Harris!
Thank you!
They sat on their butts over a year and stop Obama from doing his job why now are they hell bent on picking one ?
Thank You!
Thank you Senator Harris.
Thank you! Keep fighting for us!
Thank you!
I thank you
please vote no on the gas tax.  We cannot afford all these taxes
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you! And, Please have Dems Look at Nunes Cali District 22 - flippable district, with his actions. Let citizens know what to do.
thank you
Stop the nuclear option.  Stop Gorsuch. Save the nation. 
From Connecticut, Thank You!

Thank you, Senator!
Your terrific work on this crucial issue will not be forgotten by us back in CA.
@smille5884 so sad that @GOP used the nuclear option last year.
Nuclear option first used by Dem H Reid?
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you this man plagiarized would not answer morality questions BAD BAD CHOICE HOPE ONE OF CONGRESS CHILDREN END UP IN FRONT OF HIM 
Thank you!!!
Thank you Senator.
I just saw that it failed to reach 60...is that true?
Thank you!
Thank you for continuing to follow your moral compass with pride.
Thank you Senator Harris!!!
Thank you
Thank you.
Thank you, Senator.
Good luck with that 
Thanks Senator!
Thank you, Senator!
Your effort is much appreciated what ever the outcome.
