Sen Harris, it is not the pressure from the WH, it is the pressure from Russia.
You tweet more than @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
Repubs Senators need to go home & apologise to their constituents face the music search their hearts.Promises were political just 4 votes
My question, @SenKamalaHarris; why should anyone have to feel "pressure" do to the right things?
An honest person  may not feel pressure to do right but depending on what's at stake in people's lives there is pressure to get it right .
Elections have consequences. This is what we voted for, cupcake. Buckle up.
No it isn’t. Buckle up yourself, sport.
Trump is a bully. The American people aren't.
True. But we're a very unruly bunch when our rights,our country & our democracy are threatened. GOP forgets each vote is an American.
So simple so true
and still...
Please take a moment to get your thoughts together before posting such angry hateful comments to people you don't even know. Life is short.

@SenCapito gave yes vote in exch for T going to Boy Sct Jamb in WV. Hope she enjoys DC. She'll b voted out next time
https://twitter.com/SenCapito/status/889134355674693632 …
Hi
They should we pay their salary to protect us and handle things we don't know is going on. I was given a gift from friend thing DNA Sd help
He got wrong DNA needed 23 n me from CVC it list all the illnesses over history but I'm 19% American 36% British American
so says another big $$$ sucking dino. #BernieWouldHaveWon & YOU are instead cozying up w #CorrptDNC Hillbots
@SenateGOP @SenBlumenthal They can blackmail trump easier than he can do anything to them. He and/or family can lose everything.
Dickless Don and SQUEEZE - Now Playing! #немойпрезидент #notmypresident #putincokholster #itmfa
#danarohrabachermustgo #darrellissamustgo
#Cult45 and #GOP are choosing pride over people. Let's watch them sink!
Too bad they need "pressure" to do the right thing and not kill constituents
If the @DNC would field more qualified and more charismatic candidates, then we wouldn't be in this situation with this @POTUS
The pressure from people who elected Trump needs to be stronger to D's then lobbyist donations. D's need to put people over big pharma $$$$$
I have tweeting all day to get Americans to call, email, or tweet their Sen. and Reps. to let them know we know longer trust this POTUS
His 'base,' like Nixon's will NEVER change yet most Americans oppose DJT so why doesn't the GOP act? They guilty too?
No, they need to hear AND LISTEN to their constituents more than they do the WH. Checks & balances not Tyranny.
Exactly, well put and thank you
IT is that time to get out on the streets. We are ready to fight for our country. We will not let you sell it to Russia.
@JConabicycle agreed. The people need a voice of encouragement they remain vigilant on congress AND POTUS
One wishes they had the brains, guts, and backbones to serve the people...they were happy enough to obstruct the Exec Branch other times.
the only thing care about is what on their agenda. not what the rest of us want!
How about if we just demonstrate that we know what health insurance is, how much it costs and how it works?
 Special Counsel
 Independent Commission
 2018 Impeachment
 REMOVAL
#ImpeachTrump one cartoon at a time 
Except, you see, pence is evil AND competent... wouldn't you rather the incompetent evil?
Out of the frying pan  & into the fire 
Throw'em all out. Get Al Franken 2 run th place interim. Smart guy w/sense of humor. Cd do w/that after this disaster.
We need a Day of Rage, when millions of Americans walk off the job & shut down this country. The GOP will take notice, trust me.
Dans la rue!
Or from foreign governments writing bipartisan bills to lock up Americans for criticizing them.
It's like she imparts some common sense thing we should all be doing from some far-off cloud, vague whispering to persist.
These two tweets say it all if you are a Democrat...@realDonaldTrump see the complete and utter hypocrisy but Dems are like...what? LOL
Not following your logic Andy
Lol
Didn't think you would you are a lefty...lol one hand she supports the kids the other hand she supports the murder of babies in the womb
Here's some pressure for you:  Repeal the disaster that is Obamacare!  Fix our healthcare NOW!
@SenKamalaHarris many of the people they represent are Trump-obsessed nut-jobs. How do you combat that? They are the problem.
Their number is small, but slowly getting in2 collective brain constits want ACA & do not give a sht about promise made 7 yrs ago 2 kill it.
I wish the Democrats listened more to the pressure from their constituents and less to pressure from their donors.
Beeeeeeeeern! 
I'm on it like Stink on 

What the people want is of no consequence to the Republicans. They are there for the Oligarchy that runs the US.
Q:  WHOM do you represent?  Your constituents, or the White House?
Blaming the victims, are we?
Thank you for believing in American Democracy Senator Harris!
Yes, after all we voted for them! Special interest also needs to be eliminated!
@AllOnMedicare Kampala- Where is our Health Care in California????  #Medicare4All #SB562
Needs to be smarter too, which, on its face, shouldn't be too hard.
The pressure you acknowledge from the people needs to be stronger than the pressure that donor money exerts on your palms. #RealTalk
The pressure BOTH PARTIES feel from the people they DON'T REPRESENT needs to be stronger than the pressure they get from their donors.
and stronger than the lobbyists too
or from their Koch brother masters
depends on which group of republicans it is...
People in the middle of America had their pensions cut Senator. DO YOU EVEN CARE? You're twitter lines are embarrassing.
You establishment Crooks really cannot see what's going on do you? we are on to all your shenanigans we are watching you like Hawks!#FAIL
They hide! Brooks would only see hand selected voters at his town hall. I've called him, Shelby & Strange till they hate me.
You're going to get pressure from progressives too!
My senator!!
They had no problems ignoring @BarackObama did they? Maybe it's time they grew a spine.

You & @TheDemocrats need to hear the same message. WORK FOR US OR GET VOTED OUT COME RE-ELECTION TIME. 
Put up or get voted out.
When for-profit medicine meets for-profit government, the people will always lose out to the profiteers.  We must stop this
AND the Kochs, AND Putin.
The Republicans in govetnment should remember that they don't work for the white house/Trump...they work for the people of the USA!!!
Or the @SenateGOP need to listen to their constituents and not @realDonaldTrump
Amen.
Yess,Resistance now!!!
Soooo what was the 7 year Obamacare fight and government shutdowns really about?
Yes. But donors are the real lever. When they get the tax cuts promised by @GOP then perhaps they will allow MoCs to respond to voters.
Relentlessly.
a perfect response to a sad situation ... keep on keeping on kamala
I suggest a noose to apply the pressure
I'm sorry, @SenKamalaHarris, but @SenBobCorker's statement makes it clear the only pressure he gives into is financial. We don't have the $$

Still waiting to hear what u guys r doing........
It's right around the corner.  Watch your representatives vote.
It's past time for @SenateGOP to put their constituents over their party.
You'd think they'd learn something from Sessions' "stab in the back reward" - sociopaths have no loyalty but even though they demand it
Monopolies are bad mmk?
Senators need to be going out into their communities and talking to their constituents. Onus shouldn't be entirely on voters' shoulders.
@SenKamalaHarris another corrupt corporate establishment @TheDemocrats being shoved down progressives throats. We will not vote for you!
The Dems. in Congress are missing the Medicare for all boat. Stand up for America. We need healthcare for all Americans now. Time to act.
What about the pressure they get from donors?  Isn't that all they really care about?
Yes they need to decide how history will judge them - and for now understand that they risk never being elected for anything again.
Hope the Repugnican senators aren't expecting anything resembling loyalty from Trump...
Honestly, how much pressure can there be from a failing, crazy cic?
...let's hope they remember that they serve the people
not the President.
The majority of the population voted #Democrat   . Republicans need to take People Power into consideration
Or the Koch Bros
They are elected to GOVERN not be lured by the magic WH pipe. WAKE UP GOP, re-read the Constitution, follow your oath, lead or leave office.
Say it ain't So. You hit the NAIL on the head. GOP is more loyal to DONALD then Voters that put them there.
He takes them to lunch, you take them to dinner!
Yes!!!!
and threats they get from the White House.  They should understand by now that most of his threats are empty.
I agree wholeheartedly. Keep telling it.
Blunt needs to meet Missourians
ESPECIALLY from constituents! If i hear any more "I'm sorry"s or "i didn't vote for him/her"s I'll scream. #resist!
@SMacMillanMD
If they see a sinking ship, they made listen to their constituents.
AND stronger than their campaign funders.
That is why we have to keep the heat on at the local levels.  Thanks for continuing to point this out!

Once again, thank you for your leadership.
Or the pressure they get from companies who give them big $$$
I hear you. You're saying we're not there yet, amp it up. Increase the pressure peacefully en mass. Only u can't overtly say that bc ur job.
This is exactly right!
Or stronger than the interests of their donors....
Unfortunately, they don't seem 2b getting any pressure from their base, other than 2b meaner, most racist, more heartless, and hateful!
There is no pressure from 36% approval rating Donny. He might be able to have votes suppressed or Russian hackers help out but not legit aid
Everyone needs to heed your advice! This needs to trend all over Twitter!
Just Republican Senators?
Pressure's not the right word threats and intimidation best describe Trump's mobster style of "governing" #AndIuseThatLoosely
So are you running or nah?
@BeautyofDamon or the SuperPAC monies.
Trump won't last but the GOP's constituents will. Think long term, guys... @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
Should we park an army on their lawn? This traitor seems to have gop by the balls.
Don't you think it would be wonderful if you stood up to him a woman just think what that would do to him? please!!
If corp Dems like u don't give up your rich donors and develop a core message other than resist Trump, we're going to lose in 2018.
Why do they care about the pressure from the White House they can't be fired
Or the Koch Bros.
It's almost like the majority of Republicans didn't vote for or support Trump's agenda during the primary.  Oh wait...we didn't.
But the $$$$ Rubio's donors dump into his lap seems to have persuaded him PARTY BEFORE PEOPLE, alas. But I fax, call, email daily & rally!
We need to pressure all of the socialists out of office. Which is why I urge everyone to vote you out of office next time.
Very nice
We voted Trump.  Duh.
202 225 3121  Call Dems&Repubs every day.  We want Single-Payer Universal Health Care for All  not insurance.  Together.
The problem with Republicans is they actually believe it's all fake news and none of it is true.
I hope the more moderate ones realize it's being on the correct or incorrect side of history.
Kamala, I have mad respect for you. The GOP is not there for Americans, unless you count keeping everyone dumb and poor to stay in power.
Well said.
@FoundersGirl the GOP would have all resigned  in that case,  your comment doesn't make any sense
If Obama care is so great then you drop your healthcare and sign up for Obamacare. No statue that exempts congress.
Petition drives, recall elections--that the kind of pressure they will understand.  Let's clean house. Kick GOP members to the curb.
KAMALA HARRIS for PRESIDENT Of The UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
We need to replace them at every level w/ progressives running for local office!

Find your chapter
http://LocalBerniecrats.com 
Follow @LBcrats
I'd be willing to support you, but I've been unimpressed with your stance on #SinglePayer & #Medicare4All. That is representing the people
How? We write, they send us canned responses. They aren't even listening. The @GOP only cares if you bring money.
u senator
if only Ds practiced same independence when Obama pushed thru flawed #IranDeal which did not curb nukes, empowered IRGC & escalated genocide
You said it!!
History will not look kindly on those who follow Trump.
Tho if they feel pressured by that orange buffoon, they have tissue paper for skin. All bark and a bully. He can't do anything.
Doesn't help they won't meet constituents and don't answer them!
Those in Congress should not feel "pressure" from WH, or big donor $ interests. You are there to be a check on WH, & represent #WeThePeople.
When is someone going to stop that idiot in the white house from destroying this country???  This is deliberate!
Now total scam & they know it. Their constituents bought repeal & replace Obamacare --- until they found out it is the very ACA they love
NOTHING to do with health or care of humans, it is entirely about insurance company profits and taxes
The moderate Republicans need to make common cause with the Dems. Y'all already so close.
When is someone going to stop that idiot in the white house from destroying this country???
Got a tip for how to penetrate the Cruz/Cornyn idiocy and complete lack of interest for constituents? They aren't listening. #PERSISTENCE
I hope so!

You mean the people they claim to represent!
Want to keep retweeting. Spot on Sen.Harris.
#STFU2020 #KamalaHarris
Republican Senators need to run as far away from @realDonaldTrump as they can.  It's way beyond time.
right ON!
He said that He would not cut Medicare and Medicaid . Healthcare for everyone. #helied
@SenDeanHeller DGAF what Nevadans want. He's still giddy from sitting next to Trump and getting smacked around on TV.
@SenatorTimScott was on the other side getting slapped around. But he didn't notice bec/he was too busy trying to kiss DT's rear end.
Disgusting. They say they're so proud to be from here, but they're just in it for glory and praise. VOTE THEM OUT #MIDTERMS2018
You tell them 4 us that trump is not going to be there long. WE are the force they should be worrying about. He has NO power compared to us
Agree 100%!
That applies to you too!
#LOON
How?
Call, show up, tweet, talk to your friends and neighbors, go to a town hall 

and 

check out this website:  https://www.indivisibleguide.com 
The pressure Republican Senators feel from the people they represent needs to be stronger than the pressure they get from the White House.
So damn true @SenKamalaHarris.  Party over country is a priority for the GOP.  Sad state of affairs!!
Truth
@IndivisibleTeam white house? Hahahahahaha. It's the donors. Trump promised to protect Medicaid. Donors. Donors. Donors.
finding and dusting off their souls wouldn't hurt either.
Trump should ask his doctor if impeachment is right for him.
A march?
Where & when?
Yes it does keep calling your reps.
@LibertyIsALady This from someone who refuses to answer an email with anything but a plea for money.
Did you write her an email?
You go girl, we're with you & everyone who joins you. For the People.
quit u are a soiled material
True that.
Let's hope so!
ON IT!!!!!
All representatives should feel that no matter which side they are on. Elected for people not party
Why do you think they are trying to mess with everything relating to voting? To make sure they are in regardless.
Agreed - and I would add this applies to every federal congressman or congresswoman regardless of political party
It took 8 times to get through to my sen this morning and 3 times tonight. Keep calling everybody please!
