It's a mystery to me how Devos is Ed. Sec. Never taught or went to a public school. Knows nothing about school operation
Oh She will!
There Is A Bigger. ? Is There a better investment. To stop Education Or The Infinite Cells That Our MINDS Keep US Going! #TrulllyHuman
I worked for a for profit school 4 year & what I saw was horrifying. Every night when I would drive home, I felt like part of me was dying.
@moldova27 I felt the same way!
It's the worst right? I went from nonprofit to that. I think you have to be a certain kind of person to be ok with that work. Not for me.
Excellent point. Turnover so high and corp "leadership" could care less. I left too. Work at a real university now, am happiest ever!
Leadership in quotes is perfect! So many times ppl would come in to speak to admissions & I wanted to say, "don't do it."
Public institutions of learning charging $50-60,000 yr. thats a scam. Dems just trying to fund their big liberal supporters in academia.
Bc he falsified his own edu. Credentials- Trump doesn't value real education. This admin. Views it as opportunity to cash in by scamming ppl
sick racist females that ever existed. Until she and Trump is out and locked up in prison things just going to get worse.
as a rich country,a model 2other countries we R failing in healthcare 4all & investing in our kids by making college free What's wrong w/us?
Republicans. They love $$$$ more than people.
It has turned into a cult of rich business men out 2 rape country of all the money they can Not worried about people anymore just$$$
@BetsyDeVosED =disgrace! She's in it for the $ 1st, to tear education away from those who cannot afford it, & not equal for all #education
@sassyshades your first name is awesome. And spelled the right way
How about tuition "free" college so that we can stay ahead of other countries? Or do we want to accomplish that with High school only?
stop the lies and hate
This is America, you are obviously confused with some other (socialist) country! We are a government of the PEOPLE, BY THE PEOPLE!
Ya think that concept is being buried alive and is having a parkade built on it
?
We need to stop the liberal brain washing that goes on in colleges and teach people to think for themselves...not a bunch of obedient drones
Program in trouble but needs reform not repeal.
GOP not good at reforming or fixing. They just repeal.
holy moly
I know I'm sorry, I never ever but that woman is so disrespectful! I just can't take the division anymore!Took a disease to just want peace!
She's a horrid creeper... just like her handler (turnip) all she's intent on doing is screwing over U.S. citizens in the name of profits
HMMMM Who do we know with a for profit "University" that went up in smoke......?
Here's an idea that almost always works....Have two parents done get pregnant, and doing your homework in k-12 school.
Don't attend if you have doubts. Kami is just an anti-capitalist. All hail big govt
Stand up for protections for college students!  Invest in public resources!
Did you get your education for free? Maybe mommy and daddy? No wonder you feel 'entitled' and promote entitlement for everyone! BS Not Amer!
Is Trump U coming back?
Like Tramp University. I mean tRump University.
I don't hear you saying they should stop with the liberal indoctrination of our youth though...you are so pathetic
Student Loan program misused by students, who took too much debt. Colleges exploited it to increase fees. 
Loan program out of control.
She's only about the wealthy upper class agenda. She cant understand the need of low income communities when that hasnt been her experience.
I worked at these soulless places for years. Please rep cali well and don't let them scam students once again. #fightback
The right-wing loonies are tough because they never make mistakes. Just read their Twits--I mean Tweets.
Ah, the woman voted the absolute WORST cabinet member in a field of terrible cabinet members! SAVE OUR SCHOOLS! Get rid of this RICH IDIOT !
Senator Harris, focus please on healthcare! Nothing else matters at this moment. Nothing!
"For-profit college" is an oxymoron.
EXACTLY
BetsyDeVosED been doing this for years in my home state of #Michigan and now you all get to see what we been dealing with here
Will Trump reopen his university!
Like scam Trump University?
U mean like Trump-U?
From europe i can see. Lady you have what it takes to become POTUS.
You obv haven't seen her in action! She's way to angry and has a huge chip of Bitch on her shoulder! Disrespectful & unprofessional!
This entire regime is filled with con artists. When are the Dems going to start calling the collusion treason?
There needs to be a list of SCAMMERS that every Millennial and High School student knows about.
Betsy D needs to go back to selling Amway or Tupperware or whatever she was doing before shilling for donnie2scoops.
-Colleges should all be NON PROFIT! Congress-pass a law making this idea a REALITY!
- SHUT DOWN FOR PROFIT TRUMP UNIV! I'd be embarrassed to taint my resume if I earned a 4yr degree from there!
Profit sucks teachers should work for free! Stand up for free stuff! You know what's best for us! How rich are you? Don't hate the haters?
Our State Universities that take Billions from the Government while they have enough money to give every student free tuition for 20 years?
MUST stay focused on what Trump is DOING! He's Making America Worse. He's all about $$, for himself. His tweets divert attention. #FireTrump
She wants to support her investments in student loan companies.
Like Trump University?
Tell me how to do it and i will help! Give me ideas!
How come CA gives in state tuition rates to illegal aliens, but charges Americans from out of state more?  Stand up for those students!
She's bad news like trump
Unfit
This is simply ridiculous.  The poor are preyed upon, and the Higher Learning Comm. won't have reach to address issues of fraud.  No!!!
Trump University was closed for a reason, Betsy just stop.
@SenKamalaHarris @KamalaHarris do not forget all the schools, including aviation classses that milked Veterans and the VA for $250k classes.
just what we need, more Trump University's, hooray :(
Has @BetsyDeVosED read "Lower Ed" by @tressiemcphd ?
https://youtu.be/QyC6NPjcc7M 
Not a question asked at a hearing regarding the fate of women in Islam ? Kamala like a true politician you pick and choose .. All political!
AND they need to take responsibility for their own decisions to borrow money.
What about the ones who are already making crippling student loan payments? How can they get relief?
Scammed by non-profits? ahaha!How about the scam perpetrated by ALL colleges? Why does taxpayer $ need to fund RICH professors lifestyles?
If that the are teaching the young to be anti everything close them down
All these miserably unqualified frauds are gonna go, but Betsy's departure will be especially satisfying.
Agreed!
Try thowing out some ideas everybody is for and see if we can build a new platform. Did you go to College?  Let's be Pro Speed Limit. Yea...
Part-time jobs, pull grant, & fair/affordable student loans helped me build a life and future that I couldn't have imagined otherwise.
Need someone who cares that a strong Dept of Ed system improves our economy and the country.
Scamming students only helps unsustainable business models in the short term. DeVos is incompetent.
Can something be done with this crazy incompetent DeVos?  Seriously, she is part of what is wrong with America right now!!!!
ITT provided training that got people jobs in San Diego until the Obama Admin's Attack on "for profit colleges". Bad move on you
I keep hoping this administration will do even *1* good thing. @MichelleObama described it best, "This is what not having hope feels like."
It's to be expected from a progeny of "Scamway". Pyramid schemes and bilking taxpayers is the family business.
Betsy DeVoid-of-any-useful-purpose is at it again...what a troll! #complicit #corrupt #toostupidforthisjob #Repugnantcons #UGH
Yes, but the rich won't make money if we don't let them run their scams. THEY HAVE BILLS TOO YA KNOW. ;)
Ask all those ITT students if the student loan they are paying for a Non-Accredited degree is funny!
Education is too expensive and it's because of your liberal buddies!
Holy cow @KamalaHarris how as a country do we move forward when all we do is keep bailing h2o out of the boat as #trump & #GOP adds more
Look like DeVoss is clearing all regulations so universities like Trump University can move in and rip off unsuspecting students
I can't stand @BetsyDeVosED @BetsyDeVos. She's the worse thing that could ever happen for education. Completely incompetent & super greedy.
Like Trump's "university"?
Did you know that the "tuition explosion" in the last 20yrs was generated by the parents seeking status?The colleges were happy to comply!
I other words,the schools were raising rates to be "fashionable"!That includes the "Ivy Leagues"!

Ridiculous meme.
TOGETHER,TRUTH Sen. Kamala Harris ,@weatherchannel WATCHING; cont'd coverage
Like Trump U?
As long as we have guns to protect from grizzlies we are good 
I don't believe that Donald Trump could have found a better person qualified to destroy our public school system and make a pyramid scheme.
How disgusting do you have to be be pro predatory lending.
She needs to go
It is a HUGE racket, 5 figure debt and a worthless or no degrees at all. Scam scum turned a noble idea into feading at the trough.
What? you have a problem with Trump University?
Good point. Right on Kamala
...or some "University".
Like Trump University? Indeed.
Also a national disgrace that so many students leave school with a crushing burden of debt.
Thank you to our @SenatorDurbin ....he's fighting for Illinois!!
#TrumpUniversity
"A country can only succeed with an educated, healthy populace."
Repubs: "Who gives a shit"
Keep them barefoot & pregnant?
DeVos is trying to reestablish Trump University.
I agree. But why don't we also reBrand For Profit Education as a bad investment of time, tuition, and educational loans. Caveat emptor.
Imagine an abundance of degree mills like Trump University. Diplomas will be like Confederate currency after the war.
Ya just like the failed city school systems that have become nothing but failures.  Name the city under Democratic control and see the mess
That woman knows nothing about education!
You mean like Trump University?
Yes they all have degrees in Covfefe
quality humor this is the content i log into twitter dot com for
how much at CA state school increased tuition over the past 10 years?  Zero inflation and they have had double digit rate hikes..SCAM
Get rid of student loans. Watch tuitions plummet by 60% in 5 years. Same with mortgages.
What about non-profits like $300k notre dame, etc? What's the difference to a kid paying full price, if a poor kid is getting subsidized?

Our own POTUS scammed thousands of students for his Trump U and Trump Institute.   Amazing people voted for Don the Con after what he did.
Do you mean places like "Trump University"? 
Well at least you obtained something from TU more than what people received from Criminal Clinton Foundation..
Especially since they've been scammed for years!!
This is a scourge. Thank you for standing up against this
