These sanctuaries are essential to the recreation and tourism that drive our coastal economies.
They encompass millions of acres of coral reefs, pristine beaches, and habitats for whales and other marine life.
Public comments are now being accepted through August 15. Please make your voice heard on this issue.
any idea where we can post our thoughts on Maritime Sanctuaries? Web address?
Here: NOAA to reopen public comment period on review of national marine sanctuaries and marine national monuments

https://sanctuaries.noaa.gov/about/executive-order-13795.html …
Done  Thanks! Loggerhead Marine Life Center (info@marinelife.org) is @10 mi from Mar-a-Lago. Protects 1,000's of Sea Turtles. He's awful.
That's crazy. So awful. This cannot happen!
Whu
Just can't destroy the world fast enough can they?
Inept science-denying oil lobbyists,nazis,&a wannabe oligarch r ruining this planet's future,were elected by millions of gullible fools.
Wraps that up nicely! 
Why do the tax payers have to pay for this?  Where in the constitution does it authorize the .gov to take my $ for this?
I don't think you understand what the constitution is... here's a copy: http://constitutionus.com/   But LMGTFY anyway: https://oceanservice.noaa.gov/oceans/sanctuaries/ …
Kamils   es. Muy   imoortante  lo. Que   jhace. Y  zee  reconoce.
Senadora.  Kamsla  harri a. Esperp   que.
Hola. Kamala.  H arria
Nooooo!
Get to work n get private donations,gov is not here to support you,ur famy,etc.
Do the marine sanctuaries line Donald's or the GOP's pockets? No? Then they're gone.
As a resident of Monterey, this concerns me as we have one of the best research aquariums in the world (top two) and it has done so much
For the oceans. For the animals. For our community. For education. I grew up going to the aquarium. It helped shape who I am.
Monterey is in your district. I voted for you. I have complete faith that you will fight for us when we can no longer fight for ourselves.
If it's associated with limits on the EPA, it came out months ago. Have things changed?
I think you would be a great candidate for president Senator!
Seriously
Noooooooo!!!!!
She just voted for sanctions...
What do you think is the alternative w/ NK?
It's fascinating that someone from Tehran is so interested in our politics.
Let me guess. You are marine scientist
Do you denounce fracking?
That's a good thing, hopefully she follows through on this 1. Unlike when she let 1 West off the hook after they screwed people out of homes
Sounds like your issue is not related to marine sanctuaries, but finding something wrong with kamala harris.
My issue is with Hillary pushing fracking hard & thinking Kamala is her protege'. Failing to follow through on the prosecution of 1 west=BAD
So again,your issue is with Kamala,who serves as a proxy (in your mind) for Hillary. SN:I've never heard Hillary mention kamala,but whatevs.
@robynlyn2016 who in the administration, stays up nights, thinking of dumb stuff  to do.
Important!!...but not Now Kamala. @realDonaldTrump has to shrink/Eliminate White Supremacist Terrorist & possibility of Nuclear War. 
Some seem determined with  destroying the planet!
At this point I'm convinced they eat endangered  species for dinner
With a side of puppies and kittens.
Thanks for this information.
Well, if it's being "reviewed" and it's beneficial, it will be eliminated. 45 is taking away everything else.
I haven't seen it since Ft Ord closed but it was amazing in 91 so I know it has to be even better 25+ years later 
Surprising because it's Fake news and they always report fake news. BTW you will not be elected President. EVER!
Run in 2020
.
Good, the ones in California were based on lies. And the ones in Southern California Closers were not done according to rules. SC got screw
No, no, no!
Please keep fighting for our environment.  No seismic testing in the Atlantic!  Thank you! #HarrisKennedy2020
Protect our land environment and keep us out of war.
Just as @TieDyedSeas and I and others are ranking MPAs for GLORES recognition.
How many do we have ...how many do we need ...
How many can we afford. The answer is there.
As long as everyone involved errs on the side of environmental protection. Aka don't dump waste in the ocean etc.
Then maybe our kids, when they visit the ocean won't see a bunch of dead seals and dolphins. That's how it is now.
Gotta look at our needs...taking outlandish stuff from Harris isnt an educated decision. I live in Florida. I want the best but not nutty
Your state will be a marine sanctuary soon. How nutty is that?
I don't think it's necessary...however, I am selfish   enough to want to see every inch of Florida in a sanctuary...Already support Manatees
No, I meant your state is going to be under water.
Friends, experts, even chicken little told me not to buy Florida property...1989.
My water is right where it was. Tide ebbs and flows..lol
He's a mentally ill man! Find a way to get him out!!!
Of course they are.
I can't seem to keep up with the destruction @realDonaldTrump is doing to our country. He needs to go before he gets us into a war w N Korea
Of course we aren't hearing abt that. Trump has a fire hose of news coming out all day long. His wild tweets provide the distraction. Yikes!
Hey let's work on fukisimia Japan is killing our ocean
Got a great idea!!!! Why not find some stranger with a camera and have them follow u so you can interrupt a total stranger!That would be gr8
Get him out of the Oval Office before he kills millions of people. He is crazy
Its been in the news but like so many other things gets silenced by the next big scandal/ This is unsustainable.
They are literal EVIL
Why can't our Superheroes come take them out? ......
. And your source is who?
@feliciaday They are indeed. Apparently, Trump has issues with fish. And women, clean air, brown people, Obama.
thanks for calling attention to this important issue!
They're magicians, whatever they touch turns into shit.
Privatize and merchandise
You shouldn't even be in the office
Comments are due soon no all of the monuments under review.
horrible idea!
He's trying to destroy our planet! Why?
What is wrong with these people?
Why???
They just want to rape the planet. Loathsome.
Oh waoooo they want to kill everything!!
Is nothing safe from the destructive nature of this administration? Unbelievable
My god, does DT have another planet to go to that I'm unaware of???
How did this happen?
"Who cares about a buncha damn fish?"

-- Unhinged Orange Donnie, Preznit Stupid of US America
What's happening to the Earth is.slow suicide by humans.
Is there no bar too low for this administration? They're dismantling all that is America as we watch.
It's a catch and release stream like our criminal justice system..Ms Harris
Go ahead and try for w/our coast, u treasonous aholes, CA will form a marine based activist force to make Greenpeace look like dinghy race
This admin is so evil.
Oil
I know about it Ms Harris. Trump wants to open offshore sanctuaries for drilling. It'll make his friends the Mercers lots of $$
Off the California coast after we have worked for decades to build up the marine life. No that it's flourishing he wants to destroy it. NO!
Making America Great Again... 
Unfortunate that America didn't think past an "up yours" to Clinton IRT issues like this. Personally not in the least surprised but dismayed
Thank you for letting us know. Is there anything Congress can do to stop this?
He is just a destroyer and needs to go, impeach now.
This infuriates me. So many people's hard work, research & outreach down the toilet.
What? What else can they destroy that's such bs
That's because Marines don't *need* safe spaces. Never did.
...
...
...
Wait, what?
This is not sane- People that don't believe in facts, science..there has to be an end to this
That's right and hardly any science news.
So they can drill for more oil?
Now would be a great time to talk about building a national water pipeline. This idea would bring multiple benefits across our nation.
Seems @GOP is hellbent on destroying the only planet we have to live on for corprat profit.
They're the personification of evil. Roll everything back to Stone Age bec #BlackPresident #ItsTheRacismStupid #TrumpRussia #TrumpTreason
Such ignorance of our ecosystem both on the land and sea! Too much power is put into the hands of the greedy! This must be STOPPED! Now!
Thank you again. You are a bright shining light! As a resident of the state of Florida which is mostly coastline this is frightening!
This administration is all about seek and destroy nothing's sacred, unless there's $$ to pocket.
Now if we could just shrink the size of your head.
Done.
I swear this idiot/criminals stay up at night figuring out how to turn this country into a third world country/nightmare.
Make our voices heard!  https://www.regulations.gov/docket?D=NOAA-NOS-2017-0066 …
Trump & posse are a not so natural disaster when it comes to the environment
No! No! No! Who are these people? (If we can call them that). They are humanitie's terrorists!
Is there no end to the destruction?
Let me guess why: more offshore drilling.
These people are going to hasten death of us
I think that the GOP is trying to hurt "coastal elites", but as usual they haven't thought through their policies and/or promises.
Also many national monuments all over the country. Call Zinke
This is to be expected! Trump cares for no one but himself!
If Trump/Pence are left to their own devices they will attack everything that the average American considers good, just and right.
Hurt people, animals, economy & the planet - what don't they want to destroy - end timers in control of US gov't doesn't bode well for world
Guess we don't need any eco balance now.
 Oh Oh!!! They're messing with nature Big time. Soon they'll be deciding who and how to eliminate some human beings!!! These ppl are nuts
There's odd balls in Key West. We'll see what they say about eliminating marine sanctuaries (when they sober up-it's gonna be real for sure)
@GrumpyIndy God! We need him out!
This guy is like the apocalypse personified.
he very well may bring on the apocalypse!
No shit its for oil drilling.
The California Coastal National Monument protects rocks, exposed reefs, more, along the California coast, such as Bird Rock in Laguna Bch

I have heard and am signing every petition and re-posting them and articles relating to it. But, you are correct, most don't know...
@realDonaldTrump is a hazard to everything in the world- people, animals and planet!
Oh how I know it I have my sustainability awarness page horrific that politicians run our life , land and ruin our resources by ignorance
We all need to look past the crazy headlines and watch for the danger hiding behind
Why does this not surprise me 

Yes, as N. Korea takes sharp aim against US, let's cut back our marine sanctuaries. No..On 2nd thot let's put #TRUMP in a sanctuary. #Insane
Awful
I think they want to shrink our lives! What a bunch of asses!
That's what freaks me about this administration. While he is playing the clown, orders are being written rolling back protections like this.
@realDonaldTrump is at war with the American people. Literally. https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/trumps-war-against-inclusive-america-mike-green …
#inclusiveamerica
45 has too much authority. Psych evals, tax returns, physicals, and adherance to the emoluments clause must be mandatory 4 future presidents
No no no! Why are some blocking offshore drilling they want to do?
@feliciaday If it's approved get the word out.
Oh God NOW this #Fauxministration going after OUR MARINE SANCTUARIES!TheSanctuary inTX isn't enough?!#BorderWallNotButterflies#MakeItStop
. @SenKamalaHarris @JoanneBannister I swear we are actually living with a movie villain as the President
Apocalypse soon.
There are SO many government agencies that are being taking apart, losing funding, left with little or no supervision. It's overwhelming
Destruction & dismantling of our republic from the inside. Just what Bannon & Putin planned.
Exactly
I am getting so weary of all the destruction of anything good about this country.
O King! Thou art treading upon a rocky path. Those of us who care deeply for these places and the species there protected, wilst fight thee!
They don't care about our environment and they never will.
So many good things are under attack by Trump it's hard to keep track.
Something that you are not hearing in the news is that Trump is a habitual liar, con man POS!! This is all just too much!!!
Why????
Commented - thank you!
No, please no.

the OTTERS!!
The #otter #resistance
He's also allowing endangered bears to be killed while hibernating!
Trump accident must be fixed soon. Send this fucker to the hospice already.
They're exploring ways to turn it into a profit for themselves. All will eventually be mined & confiscated to be given to the "party."
Can you play nice with Bernie or not? We need to know.
Noooooo!

@realDonaldTrump does anything to tear down the country, its people and the environment.  Does he care about anything more than himself?
Protect our conservations along the border, also! Santa Ana National Wildlife Refuge and the National Butterfly Center incursion by DHS

The hard work that all marine biologists are up against worldwide are endangered! Acknowledging making a case of $ opensbut they go we go!!
So... 2020? 2024? When are you going to run for president?
The Administration needs to be "reviewing" healthcare
I would walk from  to protect all! In order to do my job read through NAFTA almost from beginning he has been in violation! OMG 21 cent. 
Noooo
Read this also before it gets suppressed...
Refreshing to have a Federal Official not SELLING our American #Resources held-in- common to the highest campaign contributor. #Pruitt #maga
Wow
Insanity Jacques Cousteau rolling in his grave A horror even he couldn't imagine
Not draining the swamp but creating more swamp.
I can't take much more...
Ruining this country. Absurdly divisive and believes in polluting our country so it becomes as fake and decrepit as his hair and skin color
Must preserve the Papahānaumokuākea Marine National Monument, a World Heritage-listed U.S. National Monument.
Trump isn't concerned about disappearing marine sanctuaries and climate change! He is going to make the pipe line in Alaska!
What actions have you taken?
I'll bet they are. Not only lowdown but stupid as well. Par for the trump course.
WTF!!!
Plz explain
I never missed the past so much, until I saw the future under Trump!
Another takedown of Obama. These ppl are so transparent
If there's money to be made off of it then none of us are surprised.
I live near the Monterey Bay Aquarium.  They are being creative and really cute in how they are approaching this threat! @MontereyAq
of course  not the Donald is buying up tv stations!
Crimes against humanity and nature. @GOP Thank you - what can we do? How to stop this?
And?
Can we talk about the giant dead zone/depleted/no oxygen area the size of New Jersey in The Gulf ??
The poverty in this country is more important then a coastal reef
How about the fact that USA controls enough offshore area to produce the entire worlds protein requirements?
shrinkage. i hear @realdonaldtrump can't afford it - so tiny.

Here are the details for those who would like to review or comment:  https://www.regulations.gov/document?D=NOAA-NOS-2017-0066-0001 …
OMG is there anything that the Trump Administration is doing that's not evil or devastating to the environment? #25thAmendmentNow
Public comment:
We need someone like you, Kamala, who can restore America to the way it was! We don't need another authoritarian regime like Trump's!
Stop fawning. You look mawkish. It's Aug 2017.
Please keep sharing the things we aren't hearing about!
As well as allow #logging in the Sequoias #nationalmonument in #California. #environment
Thank you for that added note, Mandy! Totally unconscionable. Nothing stops these evildoers except fierce, unstinting #Resistance.
We won't have it. Period. @Govjerrybrown
The war for honesty in DC will continue as long as you involve yourself in it.
@RepErikPaulsen  Erik. This is your partys doing. You support this horror . It's on your head
Nothing these entitled pricks do surprises me.  What is surprising is how much they've been able to get away with right in front of us. 
Why are they doing this? What on earth is the benefit?

Trump is destroy, destroy, destroy. Wish we could destroy his tenure in the WH. Pence as the next pres. is disgusting too.
Please stop them!
Literally everything they are doing is obscene and shocking. I hate Trump's entire agenda.
What aren't they trying to destroy at this point?
Btw I've got your back in central Illinois 
Why not?  He's deregulated the EPA., delisted Yellowstone bears. Open season on wolves.  All 7 coal miners that share the pen,  are able to
More money needed for that wall?
This administration is attacking the whole world.  Openly hostile to humanity itself, and the ecology.  Don't hold back when fighting them.
Republicans consistently attack USA homeland security infrastructure. WH is occupied by Putin's lackeys! #RussiaGOPCoup. #ImpeachTrumpPence
This administration is trying to dismantle everything that makes our Country great thus NOT making America Great again.
Is this like how you wanted to "review"--block--gender reassignment for a trans inmate?
Wonder why that wasn't on Trumps news channel?
