
I think if she were a man, this wouldn't be an issue.
Sorry, I don't like imperialists, regardless of gender.
I'm not saying it's right or wrong.  I'm just saying words like are treated differently coming from a woman.
I will not deny we live in a patriarchy, but there is no excuse for saying this and it should be called out regardless of who says it.
Note: wearing eclipse glasses like an adult.
Madam Albright, the British government is at it again in supporting Nigerian army to commit genocide against Biafrans.
You are temporary, too, blody butcher
The darkness was temporary but the hangover was hell. #TrumpHangover
excellent
except you, I mean 80 years...
So true
Is that Tony Blair? That's some good company you keep. #MassMurderers
I beleive!
TOO BAD YOU DIDN'T GET BLINDED
Powerful statement. Thank you for blessing us with those words.
YOU are a national treasure! Thank you for your service to this country. #SaneTimes #GoodTimes
So would the #Iraqi children but..
We need your wisdom and leadership more now than ever, Madame Secretary!
You guys just have one single line of context, don't you? Must make your lives so much easier.
I have looked for and can't find a link with the whole episode, uncut. If you have it, link it here, and I will judge for myself.
Can you link it?
This means so much right now. Thanks for the hope!
always the sun will shine after any darkness as a hope and success is always delivered  from the darkest moments in our life.
Isn't it more that the dark is eternal and the light temporary?
Except the eternal darkness that you brought to 500.000+ #Iraqi children 

#Iraq #Eclipse2017
Thank you. In a sane culture with even minimal accountability her self-serving tweet would be absolutely BURIED in responses like yours.
Let's strive to build that society..And even if the odds are against us, even if we fail, it promises to be a good fight..
For one brief moment our national divide and political discourse was...eclipsed.
Yes it was; it renewed my faith. In Ireland, they're fond of saying "the darkest hour is the hour before dawn." Sounds trite, but not.
We say that here too.
Almost married Irish guy who's family's from Wicklow + An Spiddal (Galway.) Married a French guy instead ♡.♡ Not sure which I regret.
Hmmm. Getting darker!
As long as every leaving powerful psychopath is replaced by a newly elected one, darkness will rule...
The lady who said 1/2 million dead Iraqi children was worth it speaks of Darkness.  #SkollFoundation
Great .. down under on New Zealand wish we could have seen it first hand!
Even BO 'only' lasted 8 years; 8 VERY LONG years. SO glad that one is gone.
Thank goodness for that. There is hope.
Ah not for the blind. Or is that a metaphor?
That's exactly what I thought when you left office.

Zonsverduistering of maansverduistering in Amerika?
Amazing women, did you read her biography?
Indeed, Indeed!
Thank you.  Just,  thank you forever
Where is the pin?
yes so true......beblack onlybummers darkness only lasted 8 years
Honestly @lailarouass photo of aWAR CRIMINAL toLecture about "darkness"might as well have put Goring's pic up-at least he had better uniform
Darkness=someone bombing Serbian women&children because of muslim terrorists in Kosovo-or someone invading sovereign state-Iraq=million Dead

Well said !
All your victims would probably agree with you if they weren't dead.
The last one isn't
a pity that theory does not apply to your and evil Clinton.
I'm not sure it is. All light is temporary.
And she used her glasses
Except the shadow that lingers over empty cradles in #Iraq w/ 500,000 dead babies tesulting from sanctions that u called a #PriceWorthPaying
White on White Wine....best show name, got a big chuckle. Yet to listen to the ep. Hope it's nothing more terrible than intro song @TBGWT
How does this look like a reply to Madeline Albright and when am I no longer a rookie at life?!?
The price will be worth it.
Almost as fun as Trump starting up all this tweet and rant, but he gets mobbed all ANGRY BIRDIES!  Really, I stayed in, neat of meat+busses.
Where are my special glasses to see the events of this Presidency?
Hope to goodness all the darkness of recent events is equally fleeting. :-)
Madeleine Albright demonstrating how to safely view the eclipse. Another lesson thetrump ignored.
Even thetrump.
You are one of those people for whom I wish there were a god.
she is one of the reason we are at war with Islam. how dare her and Bill Clinton try to impose their western ways on them.
Let's hope so
All darkness is temporary.
Excellent observation,,thank you.
If you missed the eclipse in the USA, come to the UK and watch the sun disappear for the whole July and August.
hi
And that without protection you can be blinded forever. (Everyday our protection is attacked)
Trump needs as many external enemies as possible to keep internal peace. He will surely keep on making new enemies. 
The list is long now.
ALL is TEMPORARY?
Except maybe the dark ABYSS in the twisted heart of TwitterTwitTwump ??
Not  while trump runs your country it not
You proved that by retiring.
For  a woman  as smart  as  you what  a dumb  thing  to  say about  something  as beautiful  as an eclipse
Thank you for your positivity!
You still around?
yes the darkness of the evil obama administration is over and the light is shining with Trump repairing the damage of liberalism
That is true. Thanks for a different perspective.
Thank you for that reminder...this too shall pass..
Have you ever danced with the dictator in the pale moonlight?
best tweet ever
nice metaphor, sadly not true
Obviously, you have never died.
Yeah, but hasn't Trump's darkness lasted too long?
Except the eternal darkness we all face.
If this tweet weren't from Madeline Albright I might say it's pret-ty dumb but ... I won't
Boo Hoo get over it he won.
You continue to lighten our darkness, Madame Secretary!
And some eclipses take a full four years.
you werent the only one who took in the eclipse!
Hell is eternal, @madeleine. Hell is eternal.

Well put.
BET U TAKE POLITICS IN THE SH*TTER W/YOU TOO HUH! FOSSIL
Are they your 'I saw nothing untoward during Bill Clinton's presidency' glasses?
Indeed.
#MadelineAlbrightForPresident
Those were Ghosts of Rwanda you evil wench...and they're 4 you2020
How many Iraqi kids did you butcher, i forget the death count you nazis are responsible for
You won the internet today! And thank you!
Unless you're blind and going to hell, then darkness is eternal
well said Secretary of State, well said!
Way to Go!
Thanks for that. These days its getting harder and harder to remember. Reminders from sane people are always good.
A great reminder, even women can be horrible evil war criminals
#ImpeachTheMoon
Meaning, your time in politics?
Rock on.
She's a monster. She said "it was worth it" that 500,000 children died in Iraq
Sad Lee Carter that you liked Albright's subliminal message, but not unexpected

I have as much empathy for you as you had for 400,000 Iraqi children
it must be difficult as a war criminal facing imminent judgement from your creator.
Yeah we're finally seeing the light after the dark shadow of Obama World. It's wonderful.
Yes, but Madam Albright, this dark phase has been around a bit too long.
You and I disagreed about a lot,Madame Secretary...but that is a wonderful sentiment. Thank you for sharing.
In my opinion you are quite evil. Just my opinion though.


Perfect analysis of our current situation.
nope .. it will bee dark permanently for u in hell
Acutally its not true for all the wars & raping of countries by US military, politicians & allies there will be eternal darkness waiting!
...unless you wear the blinders of the liberal elite...
Unless you were one of 500,000 Iraqi children who are now in permanent darkness. #Eclipse2017 #USA #LockHerUp
Bloody sore necks in America!!!
Unless you're blind.
So true -- and so full of hope!
A friend told me that he didn't care whether or not he saw the eclipse. Then, we handed him the glasses...MAJESTY!
This sentiment is much appreciated right now, Madam Secretary. Today's political climate leaves me exhausted and worried... #Light #Peace
... and that the light, however momentarily hidden, will shine again - a truth to be cherished for all times.
Solar eclipse or lunar eclipse ?
No. Darkness is inevitable conqueror. Entropy will be forever even as the last star dies. @madeleine @alexstubb
Lovely thought!!
hahahahaha
Tell that to my heart...
#hope #light
you are right. Obama's term finally ended!
I'm just happy to see she's wearing glasses... 
Great message!
Unless it's Brexit
That's what the dinosaurs must have thought.
Genius tweet!
Yet you're still here. These clueless liberal idiots may not know about your evil, but I do.
This fellow Wellesley alum truly needed to hear those words. Thank you Madam Secretary. You are a light.
Or 4 years!
Positive way of looking at things.
Thought she was dead 
Wish I could like this twice!!
Wow... just wow!
Bring on the Dragon Stone! #GOT
peter capaldi??
Tell that to the ONE MILLION IRAQI CHILDREN you sent to the darkness of death.
Love this
But, you can't see that in the dark. We never notice eclipses in the dark either.
EUROP IS OURS !!!???
What a great way to view life in general, all darkness has a light at some point! 
A perfectly succinct tweet from a true states lady. Classy

Thank you. Yes, all darkness is temporary. Excellent reminder.
Except for the 500,000 Iraqi children whose deaths you defended with a straight face without hesitation.
Unless @POTUS reeeeeally f¥€ks things up, in which case it might be permanent. Stayed tuned to find out, Earth!
Having read some of your monographs during my (dark) undergrad years, I will take this comment to heart. I need the reminder just now!!
As long as the light at the end of the tunnel isn't an oncoming train!
but the transition is going so slowly...
That's funny I thought it was a great reminder that all light is temporary

Indeed, the social justice warriors and race-baiting leftist might someday be an extinct breed.
Thanks, we needed that reminder! 
Wise words!  Hope the darkness we are going through now will ends soon!
Madam Secretary, can we say that about orangeness too?
Did @madeleine just throw shade at @realDonaldTrump? Awesome. #ITMFA #25thThe45th
But what about entropy?
~Even the last eight dark years of the Obama administration~ Trump daylight cleanses these years away, 1 exec order at a time~
What pin did you wear?
