EPA made power grab. Navigable water doesn't mean a puddle on someone's property. Common sense being restored @ EPA
Water flows downhill. You pollute a pond on your property and it eventually becomes a problem for everyone, incl. fish and wildlife.
Moral of the story: don't fill in wetlands.  Respect the land for what it is, don't try to change it into something else.
Should we cut their budget and take away their tools as well? EPA's work is just as important.
Yes, cut their budget. Make them more efficient & responsible for their actions. They are unelected bureaucrats.
"Unelected bureaucrats" are who make this country livable. I don't want elected officials who have no expertise in these areas making calls.
Hahahahaha Congress?
A) People have to work to provide clean drinking water.

B) Democrats have a track record of blocking such activity. See MI and CA.
It is a public good that requires the protection and management of government to ensure that it remains unspoiled for all.
Water isn't a public good, and your blind dependence on corrupt asses like Harris leads to crisis like Flint, New Orleans, and CA shortage.
You are incorrect. In our system, water cannot be privately owned. It belongs to the people and is managed in the public trust by gov't.
Australia solved the problem by privatizing water and costs too. It manages its water supply FAR better than the US does.
There's no problem. Water will always remain a public good in the US. Anything else is, frankly, immoral.
Morality has nothing to do with it.
Morality has everything to do with everything. Taking a basic life need from the public's hands would be treasonous.
The issues with Flint repulses me. That MI's governor hasn't been charged with a crime is appalling. But, poors and black, who cares, right?
The governor didn't cause it. Democrats controlled Flint for how many decades? Get your facts correct before you slander someone.
I didn't say he caused it. I said he allowed it to continue, covered it up, and did nothing about it. Reading comprehension is your friend.
Same to you and your moral superiority.  Get off your high horse. The GOP is for clean water & air. Nixon created EPA
45 years ago they were. Now, they pretend science doesn't exist.
That us just plain horseshoe. If you knew science,  you wouldn't say that. #FakeNews #FakeStatements Stop lying. Where is your evidence?
Marv, learn to google.
I'm worried about the water air and land we share with the US, I don't think we should have to suffer for this Moron @POTUS/admin stupidity
how that work out in Michigan under the current law?
This will be a disaster for our communities far worse than #Flint
That's for sure but it's always about the money
yes it is thats why leavng it up to states will send us back to "good old boy" days when states hands were plenty greasy
I guess DC is doesn't have a good ol boys club? They're so righteous there that giving them control over all aspects of our lives is obvious
guess I stepped on a good ole boy nerve
Not nerves, I guess you can just say I don't trust the government to make decisions for me. It's called freedom.
Glad you can trust an uncouth guy in orange who insults&grabs women He's a deranged clown attacking newswoman Mika
That's just comedy for people who agree they're all a joke. Those outraged on queue are the best govt slaves.
You mean we need clean water to survive? Who woulda thunk.
Trump doesn't think we need drinking water becos he thinks pressing a button & getting an ice-cold glass of Diet Pepsi is proper hydration!
& he thinks theres no connection between the water & his soda
My God we work to get 3rd world countries clean drinking water but can't provide for our own? Don't recognize this country anymore
Perhaps this will help!
Are you high? Trump pulls out of Climate Treaty, wants to eliminate protections for drinking water & supports GOP anti-health bill.
Climate treaty was bogus from the start, EPA needs to stay out of the way and let each state regulate. Such a wide variation state to state
Typical #TrumpChump. Let state regulate would b ok if the water was only in one state. BUT ITS NOT DIPSHIT! Need fed regs 4 safe water.
Your local water district, for example. They don't give water away for free.
People aren't paying for the water, fool. They're paying for its purification to be potable. duh
Although.. if they're paying for purification - it's still not a right.
And the case underlying WOTUS has already been rejected 8-0 by SCOTUS https://swampschool.org/us-army-corps-of-engineers-v-hawkes-co-inc/ …
Thank you!
This 2?  He is an angry psychopath you know this
Protection of people, the environment, natural resources, etc. are all being tossed by this administration! Enough America, speak up now!!!
Where does this leave Flynt, Michigan?
Thank you for NOT getting distracted by the facelift tweet BS. Please...carry on.
What right will you invent tomorrow?
Thank you for your support to #DefendWater!!!
No, it isn't.
You are a liar.
Let's thank all the  #MAGA supporters for endangering our health & removing regulations that protect our drinking water! Great job! DRINK UP
Thats not in the Constitution.
Why is this happening? Why is clean water so bad?
did the "right" to clean water keep Flints clean?
Is that in the Constitution?
CEO of Nestle says people don't have a right to water. 
It would appear that the GOP believe we have the right to life but nothing else no food no clean air water no Health Care not even jobs
Is anyone stopping you from growing your own food and purifying your own water? There you go! You DO have the right to provide for yourself.
Have u done any of these things urself the price of seed,water the land to grow even container gardening doesn't feed  a family all year
You're now arguing price & convenience, not rights. 
And yes, I have. #Aquaponics 
Can be quite hard, but not impossible.
And how did the poor pay for these things you seem to have the same let them eat cake attitude
This isn't "let them eat cake", except that people used to being taken care of would oft rather riot than start taking care of themselves.
And that's not a racial statement by the way. It seems to be both "cultural" and "universally true"
Do you fact check #FoxAndFriends #FOXNEWS ?  Asking you to care about our drinking water, old infrastructure seems over your head. Flint!!!
This is a horrible rule Ma'am. It gives the federal government way too much power over the states and individual land owners. Trump is right
except the rule you are crying over, never went into effect, and your state can handle its own water issues.
Not exactly. CWR was simply clarifying what had been policy prior to SWANCC ruling in 90s. Surf water belongs to all Americans, not states.
Mandatory fluoridation in our water. That means government medicine in your water. No thanks.
You can put all the fluoride in the water you want. It won't take the lead out. Or any other heavy metal & resistant bacteria.
That's ok. It's "all natural".
Floride shouldn't be your worry.Water treatment plants can't remove excess pharmaceuticals that we naturally excrete, you name it,it's there
The EPA polluted the river in Colorado.  Did any of you give a shit?
The pond would have failed eventually without action. EPA was trying to clean up a mess left by a business that felt no obligation to.
The EPA botched the work they were doing.  Read the report. Was anyone at EPA held accountable? No!
Honest question. Is there anything you think we don't all have a right to?
I have a right to pizza.
Exactly.

Under God
There is no God.
There is if you believe it.  Not saying I believe it  
And the right to a clean watershed so our lands can be fruitful and free of cancer causing contaminants.
Making land free of carcinogens would require sterilizing down to bare rock, because so many are natural. May have to remove some rocks too.
carcinogens and contaminants are two different things. although a carcinogen can be a contaminant.  #TheMoreYouKnow
Which begs the question: What's your point?
We were not talking Carcinogens in this thread, however, we can open a discussion on that topic in another thread when I have time to talk.
You said free of cancer causing  contaminants.
I am not talking about all carcinogens. I am talking about controllable by clean water rule and environmental regulations.
Ok but Kamala Harris is still profoundly wrong.
Ok... Senator... Elucidate... who's doing this? Who's proposing this
Where do we put the pressure?
Our country is getting closer to being a dictatorship 3rd world country. Clean air, water, & land. Nope I'll pass. SMH!
For #Libertarian friends, how does right to own a biz about water (& its dirty for $) supersede the rights of humans to access clean water?
@hall_mackey Trump has waged war on the American people. #ImpeachTrump
Life straw,can drink from rivers through a filter
Really they want to re-tract. The clean water act.Didn't they learn anything from Michigan incident
You sure make up a lot of bullshit rights.
More fear mongering from a bat shit crazy democrat? Imagine my shock!
Invest in a water filter.
It is ANTI-AMERICAN to DENY any CONSTITUTION abiding citizen the RIGHT to CLEAN WATER, BREATHABLE AIR, RADIATION & PETROLEUM FREE SOIL.
WTF?!? Are you drunk tweeting???
Wow this is an ignorant Tweet.
No, just a totally dishonest one.
you show your ignorance at every turn
Are you drunk again?
No, she's not a Packer fan.
Good. We don't like lying liars on our side. 
So everyone is going to poison water when the rule goes away? Do they plan to target orphanages and twirl their mustaches too?
Yes, I don't know who benefits from dirty/contaminated water.If the Companies that foul it don't clean it, it falls on the States to clean.
Please signal boost From the Ashes - Vital to this conversation
Do you drink directly from puddles & ditches in your yard? Or no?
@GhostPanther ...and they don't care. They're going to all the water rights anyway.  :(
Yes. Just ask the people of Flint who still do not have clean water. #Flint
Lol the climate treaty and clean water rule sound amazing, however they're fund appropriation rackets. We will keep clean water don't worry.
I'm going to guess that you don't even know what you meant by "fund appropriation rackets". Be specific, please.
Flint must be feeling so reassured! Rest of country will feel flints pain soon enough! Wow  let's make America a third world country!
whoa, where in the Constitution does it say we have a right to clean water?
When was the last time you researched something before opening your mouth and providing a misinformed opinion?
What is going on with the EPA.. can we get a new EPA president...this one is dumb
Canada's gr8 but some ppl have had to boil their water for 18 years to get clean water. What do u wanna bet they're native? @JustinTrudeau
RESIST the 4% who continue to try to pee on us, the majority, tell us it's raining, & expect us to be stupid enough to put us an umbrella!
CLEAN WATER IS NEEDED FOR EVERY LIVING THING ON EARTH
99.9 % of us do not have a Brimstone hole to Crawl into @GOP 
#OneEarth
#OnePlanet
Another wrong decision by the jackass.  If he can't put a price tag on it, then it has no value.
Jackass is correct. I cannot wait for him to be gone so we can put things right again.
Kampala, you want clean water, move to the Great Lakes. Pretty much an unending supply. Oh, & clean water rule doesn't keep water clean.
Trump doesn't care, he only drinks Come, or is it Koch.
Trump wants to "Flintify" all of America.
add water to the air Republicans don't seem to care about.
Like health care you have the right to afford it
The Clean Water Rule never went into effect. The rule was stayed by a court ruling in 2015. Hasn't been implemented. Playing to her base.
Everything is a fundamental right with you, isn't it. I should have a fundamental right to use the internet w/o seeing you.
It's not a fundamental right when people have to pay for access to dirty water. How can we change this?
Does Trump own stock in a bottled water company???
There must be some way to stop this madness. What is to be accomplished by taking away the clean water act? Think Flint, Michigan.
I can't understand why or how our own govt would deny us clean water. Unless it's part of their genocidal-plan to kill off millions of us.
#GOP policy the voter has no right to: Clean Air,Clean Water,Safe Food,Safe Housing&Healthcare. Pretty much everything that keeps you alive
All the gop thinks is the wealthy deserve to have all of the tax breaks!
and all the clean air, water, safe food, medical care, etc.. they can afford the best so why should elitists worry about the working class?
U R the best at making stupid comments, did you attend a Pelosi class?
HORRIBLE!! CRIMINAL!! WTF!! Why?? Who will this help? NO 1! Who will this hurt? EVERY ONE!! EVERYONE! #EPA #EpicFail
What is going on here?!?!
Another GOP attack on ordinary Americans. I get that Putin is at war with us. But why the GOP?
#ItNeedsToBeSaid 
While Liberals sometimes go by "Progressives" Republicans R demonstrating their true colors
#GOP = #Regressives
Keep fighting! Doing great job!!!!
Conservatives don't believe you have a fundamental right to anything except owning a gun.
The rule never went into effect based on an injunction granted by a federal court, but most of your supporters are too stupid to know this.
Bill never went into effect. 
So nothing is changing.
AKA - this is fake news.
Apparently you haven't heard. The only right we have is the right to own as many guns as possible. Everything else is govmnt interference.
They'll kill us any way they can.
The US is going to turn into the rich and the Charles Dickens Victorian slums
WOTUS had nothing to do with clean water you dolt!

Better not happen in CA. We r counting on u and Jerry and all Dems in govt to keep CA safe from Trump piss water.
@missLtoe The RWers say there are no worries.  They only use bottled water.  Yes, they said this.
grrrrr...
Another case of an idiot Senator not bothering to check the facts.
The rule never went into effect. I think you better look up "fundamental rights."
Never let the truth get in the way. You're a Black, female Democrat from California. If only you were gay.
Interesting how many thongs that require others to do things are now considered 'rights'.  That's not how those work.
Kamala....this is outrageous. Worse than third world...
Um...it never went into effect so it's had ZERO influence on anything and just curious but how would it be eliminated if it doesn't exist?
On November 8th, I built a still. 
Bonus for imported beverages. Let's follow that money.
we everything is a "right", we have no rights.
Yes, but what will corps do if they can't keep the good water to sell to us? As a country we have sold life for profit.
Wut???
You mean the rule that was never implemented. That rule?
You'd think you could afford law school. Oh, wait...
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump And illustrates the complete lack of compassion this Administration shows to the American people. They don't care!
Clean air, clean water, safe food--they're all privileges.  The only RIGHT is the right to buy as many guns as you want so you can kill ppl.
Trump's grand plan, is to destroy America & model it after Russia.
How so ma'am? It never went into effect so how does it's "elimination" affect anything? Pandering to your base here?
Then you should sue the states over ridiculous rainwater harvesting laws. http://www.ncsl.org/research/environment-and-natural-resources/rainwater-harvesting.aspx …
#WaterIsLife
Hmmmmm.....which Constitutional Amendment was that? I don't recall............................................still waiting
You keep going Senator 
ummmm hello..it never went into effect..just another  attempt at land grab that got halted in the courts
Buy bottled
2 lies in this post.
The Rule never went into effect, ever! And it would destroy small organic and family farmers! #Idgit
Making up rules now?
This NEVER went into effect.  There's nothing to "eliminate".

Just stop.
I can see why Democrats think so highly of you.
Our fundamental right to drink clean water?  And who will we be forcing to provide the clean water to us at no cost?
Lie.  Lemme guess, thousands, tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands, perhaps millions will die!!!
Meanwhile your state allows billions of drinking water to flow into the ocean to save a few fish. Can't wait till CA goes broke. 
When did Congress repeal the Clean water and Air act?
Except it isn't.   This never went into effect so it doesn't change anything.  Try to be accurate.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!   No, it won't.
Can eliminate something that never went into effect. Wow and some say you would be presidential material. Laugh.
Senator Harris you need to scolded your interns.  They have not given u correct info.  The water program you refer 2 does not exist.
You're very intellectually dishonest. You're lucky your base is very uninformed aren't you?
That's not a fundamental right
No, it isn't.
Please start being honest, most of us can see right through your b.s.
Now we gat poison water too huh? What about Flint?? Michigan are you ok? 
This scam/rule never went into effect.
What are you going to do about it?
Fundamental right? Please refund me my last 40 years of monthly water bills. Cash. No personal checks.
But freedom tastes like lead poisoning
you dont have a right to clean water.  if it was a right it would be free out of the tap. you have a right to life liberty property
You spelled "to bear arms" wrong.
I have a fundamental right to your paycheck.  DM for bank routing info.
So, our fundamental right to drink clean water has been  under attack by both parties for 225 years now.
This never went into effect.
Check your facts before speaking next time.
It was being negotiated and researched, and had become adjudicated. All she means is that what was rescinded was going to be implemented.
The Clean Water Act never went into effect. How can it be eliminated , Senator? U spread falsehoods.Try truth for a change.#attentionseeker
Senator, the clean water act has never been approved nor enacted.  Perhaps you and your staff could draft an act that would work.
The only water you should be concerned with is "Maxine Waters". Use some of the $ you gave her to buy votes and buy yourself a Berkey filter
and courts tied him up for his overreach.
its been tied up in courts, since AS PER USUAL, obama exceeded his authority and imposed something that was unconstitutional
Some other 'rights' you do not have, but probably believe that they are 'fundamental':

http://predicthistunpredictpast.blogspot.com/2012/04/rights-you-do-not-have.html …
but more importanlty. It was never implemented.So, while it was bad law, and represented a complete overreach by EPA it impacted 0% of water
the clean water rule was imposed by obama and infringed on property rights. Total overreach
Rule? The US is a nation of laws. Nothing like a little scaring people to get your way....
I don't trust any administration that looks to deregulate businesses while putting tighter regulations on the individual.
I don't think this Senator knows what rights are.
The CEO of Nestlé (and I'm sure GOP leadership agrees) doesn't think we have a right to clean drinking water.
I thought abortion was the fundamental right being infringed.  You #violentleftists have to get your messaging straight.
This is dishonest and a flat out lie. This rule was NEVER in effect. Yet your followers will take this lie and propagate it.
Where the heck is that "right" in the Constitution? Stupid Lawyers.
Hmmm. Ur just trying to stir up lefty loons for... How much did u get paid for this? B hones if you can.
But it will probably help some scum make money.
Tell that to flint Michigan
Why can't you quit lying
What part of the Constitution says that this issue should be a Federal problem? States need to take care of their own problems.
Scary 45's going to kill off ppl one way or the other!  Could 45 fix Flint's water problem by executive order?  If so, why not use it 4 good
On a positive note stock in soft drink companies will rise...but so will the obesity rates and the death rates!
Republicans claim clean drinking water is a privilege, not a right.
When was the Clean Water rule implemented?
The Left continues to confuse their leftist  agendas with rights.
When did that rule take effect?

GOP calls this the "Flint Water Ain't That Bad" elimination.
But it wont affect the billionaires and the other 1%!
Of course its the people who fill their pools with Evian water that want to eliminate the Clean Water rule
Clean water is a human right for all!
Well SF PUC handled that
So...you are aware this rule NEVER WENT INTO EFFECT? You continue to prove you are the most ignorant in Congress,
Wait.. I have a "right" to clean water?

Will you back me when I stop paying my water bill?
Get a Britta.
Rule never went into effect, how is it eliminated??
