Because people aren't FORCED to buy something they don't want. I thought liberals were Pro-choice?
Oh yeah, because people don't want health insurance. The whole point of insurance is you don't need it......until something bad happens.
Do you WANT to buy car insurance? Is that the next thing Rs will go after? Freedom sure is a different concept depending on who you ask.
no one forces you to own or drive a car.
Point is, when you're the wealthiest country in the world, you shouldn't have to choose not to have something you want.
fine, but do it straight up instead of all this nonsense.
We are the wealthiest country in the world -- everyone should have health insurance and live longer. Period.
We all deserve unicorns and magic wands, buy this is the world as it is, not as we want it.
Has it occurred to you anti-ACA peeps that INSURANCE cos don't want a repeal bcuz it would destabilize the market & have effect on economy?
Awww. Precious.
Your pre-existing condition is showing
Do We Accept Under #ACA ObamaCare 33 Million Americans Still Don't Have Health Insurance http://53eig.ht/1Mv4fes —#SinglePayer #FeelTheBern
If you're a radical centrist who follows the party line like  a lemming...yes.
BS. 73% of that CBO figure = people VOLUNTARILY DROPPING Obamacare because no longer FORCED to buy it.
Yep. Free to go back to the ER instead and let the hospital eat the cost.
When they go to the county hospital WE eat the cost.
If we pay for them to go to the doctor, that's different how? How do we know that doesn't ultimately cost the system more?
Because it costs $300 just to walk in the door of an ER, which doesn't include the cost of the care you receive while there.
how does that work since only 9.7 million Americans have Obamacare and another 6 million pay to opt out?
She, like most evil libs, just make shit up to fit their narrative, I'm thinking.
mind boggling democrat libs don't want to hear the truth. They'll let politicians get rich on their taxes and, fight for them to do so
The CBO is not the most accurate forecaster.  Kind of like the weather person
@SenJohnMcCain please vote no!
most of those people don't want to be forced into healthcare anyway!
Because they choose not to buy insurance because they don't have to buy it?
This bill will collapse the individual markets, so people won't be able to buy if they don't get it from their employer.
AND it eliminates the employer mandate so you'd better hope your employer offers insurance coverage. What a disaster.
the employer needs you, they will pay it. With free market, no illegal immigration and US manufacturing, the workers can demand it. We win
Seasonal jobs like that will never offer insurance and there will always be a large percentage of people that hold jobs that won't
That's literally how it was before ACA, without the mandate, it's going to be a mess
How many will lose their insurance when Obamacare fails???
Some just need to get a job.
People do not realize how much Obama care is hurting the healthcare system.
It needs changed
Doesnt this kind of qualify the GOP as (for some of those 16 million) a "death panel?"

....just sayin'.
Nope
That's funny...cause (many) more people seem to agree with me than YOU, soooo...
So?
That is mostly individuals choosing not to purchase, would be NO MANDATE
It didn't pass I doubt it ever will because there will be a lot of unemployed people who currently work in health care also.
Does the CBO care about the millions who have ins but can't afford the deductibles?
No. Evidence of government care? Charlie Gard.
The GOP method would be to visit the ER for everything and then just walk your tab. Who cares?
Cheaper for the majority... That's democracy
Exactly.
Less access to healthcare, less environmental protection, fewer military personnel... "Making America Great Again"
Sounds like you have an agenda
Well I guess that would make 2 of us then, wouldn't it? 
# Three brave Senators voted this crap filled Bill down !! It, would have made premiums go up !!
don't forget a lot of those people did not want health insurance in the first place. Had to get it w/ Obamacare due to high tax penalties
When we are no longer Mandated to purchase something,many of choose not to purchase it any more.That means less of it.This is blatant spin.
Sounds about rite
Who cares, I am forced to carry coverage and I can't afford to seek medical care. Stop bitching and give the people the senate plan
As opposed to the current plans financial disaster waiting down the line in 18-24 months.. then how many will be uninsured?
Does nobody realize that a vast majority would be people leaving the market because they don't want it not because they are kicked out
The CBO is never accurate.
How can that be when Obamacare only has approximately 10 million on it?
Anyone believe their premiums or deductibles are going to go down while the coverage and quality will go up under any bill?
No, Not 16 million!!
16 million - 22 million what the hell is the right number CBO?
Gee, how many are screwed over because of the un affordable care act? I bet it's way more
CBO is NEVER correct with their projections. Cant believe anyone even pays attention to this gang
so basically they are trying to agree on how many its ok to kill.
You never address the millions of workers who can barely afford premiums let alone the deductables. Useless insurance.
Yet 49 @GOP Sens voted for 16M to lose health ins w/o replace! For 8 @SenateGOP seats in '18, "what's that whitelight coming."@SenateDems
Been in Healthcare 30+ years the Fraud is overwhelming..no oversight! So many on it that don't need it! Once they become responsible $saved
Is it a right to have health care in this country??
So haw many are uninsured because they simply can’t afford the premiums?
COB needs to understand the meaning of this word
What the PEOPLE who really don't deserve it???? Abusers of our system.
*people who can purchase their own insurance
How can that be when there is only 12.7 million in ACA? Tell me how that math works?
Could u at least understand that most would be people that would drop out because they can't afford it? It's called freedom of Choice
So now that obama will stay how many will die and lose coverage????
So, none will be bc that 16 mill is the faulty math it uses. Good to know.
The CBO is a joke! They were so off on Obamacare. Their words are all lies.
It's funny that they forced the vote before the report came out. They knew it would not look good.
Because they won't be forced to buy unaffordable products.
When Obama care implodes the democrats & rhino republicans own it.
Fake news it only 15.99 million
CBO methods need to be opened for public scrutiny. I recall they missed several marks for ACA, principal among them, under estimated cost.
No capital, no market. Carbon credits are crazy; pooling healthcare tax liability? Their care,a write off as is! Bill&track like insurance.
#MoreHumanismLessTheism #ETHICS #SinglePayer
And 15 million want to opt out
What was the CBO report on Obamacare? Did it predict huge premium increases?
Excellent. For once in their pathetic lives, these 43 million USA citizens can start learning how to stand on their own 2 feet.
How many of those are voluntary?And why don't you report it honestly? Lowers because tyranny mandate has been repealed. Big difference.Truth
I'll just leave this here...
So basically when they arent fined for not having insurance, they wont get it. Current uninsured are just paying the fine.
12 million of whom were forced against their will to buy insurance when they didn't want it. The rest of the story ...
Who cares let them pay c the own
That would be the number not forced to join. I thought in America we had the right to choose?
I'll see your 16 and raise you 10 more.
No , wait a minute, I'm all in for 325 million.
Scare tactics
Uninsured on the taxpayer dollar . With government controls gone there'd be no more market hype and costs decline.
what about those low income people whose rates are so high they cannot afford medical coverage under ObamaCare
@MatthewStroud10
How many will lose insurance when Ocare implodes?
3 Republicans and 48 Democrats let the American people down. As #POTUS said from the beginning, let ObamaCare implode, then deal. Watch!
@SenCoryGardner When will you put Coloradans over partisanship? You follow a failing President and failing agenda. You will fail in 2020.
=#FakeNews due to the word"more"which is wrong;NOBODY has insurance cover under #Obamacare;In 1 year you will cry because #SkinnyRepeal lost
Wow, Government has become so many of your, go to... very, very scary...
Healthcare provision for US politicians seems to be affordable and cheap... Why isn't it available on same terms to rest of citizens?
@salemstate
Will @POTUS ever lead by example on 'Made in America'? http://cnn.it/2vvHLqa   #TheLead https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/8mtjmHu9xPA … & https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/75EqHmRwfHu …
The CBO did such a great job forecasting Obamacare....
This blows for alot of people.  I'm just gonna stop there.
Dig deeper and see that's primarily from removing the mandate to purchase it.
Remove the mandate, the death spiral starts and uncertainty reigns, which the insurance co. hates! Work with Dems, just fix the damn law!
How many of those 16 million would be by choice?
At least they "had" health care! #HitlerTrump just wants to thumb his tiny dick at Obama at the expense of the American people.#disgusting
Disabled family-----health insurance rate WENT UP 300% because of Obamacare

Videos http://s1.zetaboards.com/Express_Yourself/topic/8082941/1/#new …
5 lies-----that the Democrats told about their health care bill

VIDEOS http://s1.zetaboards.com/Express_Yourself/topic/5243545/1/ …
Listen to this Dumb Republicans!... Murderers !
Shameful 
@StephenMoore is on pins and needles. His fucking political gain while people are dying , fuckball
The cbo has never been right, why believe it now?  It backs up your narrative
Kill the bill
But that includes millions that choose to NOT buy insurance with elimination of the individual mandate.
"If there are uninsured millions in America, it's because they don't love Jesus enough.
That's the rhetoric of Right-wing Christian whackos.
Proud and glad to be Canadian!

Why does almost every country in the world have universal healthcare & we get BS?
ACA did more than that.
the fear mongering in the comments are hilarious.
#shame on @GOP
Does it break down who is forced out and who drops it because they didn't want it in the first place?
BREAKING: As a result of people choosing not to buy the insanely priced garbage obamacare plans without fear of being penalized.
CBO's persistent error is trying to predict the future of a dynamic situation using a static set of calculations.
BREAKING: Congressional Budget Office says 16 million more uninsured would result from GOP's pared-down health care bill.
Is this in addition to the other millions of people, or revised estimated figure of those left to fend for themselves?????
The President wants 2 classes of people super rich and the super poor and he's working on it
@Cgriffin3323 @SpeakerRyan can y'all just give up? And just impeach / blame trump and move on? Cuz right about now y'all just failures
Also calm on ant layoffs
Y'all whittled from 30mil uninsured to 16mil uninsured (skinny repeal)! How about ALL PEOPLE INSURED!
The CBO has been really really wrong before. I question their assessments.
Oh good. It's nice to get news from a conservative site.
Choosing not to purchase something mandated by govt is not losing healthcare. Individual liberty.
This book seems less popular the a turd on a punch bowl.
What the AP won't tell you are millions will voluntarily give it up once the mandate is gone.
Fake news.
.@AP @HoneyDemForce @SenateMajLdr THANK YOU MITCH for your FREEDOM FROM LIFE bill. We could ALL use a dirt nap. Really appreciate it dirtbag
No one in @GOP cares
Has anyone ever tried to make them? If we don't try we'll never know. Are they or not considered government employees? If so the law applies
I'm sick over this. I don't understand how anyone can let people die due to no healthcare
Calculated all that in 2hrs. Must have super team. But hey, they got OCare right?? Wrong big time
Better check.  CBO might be saying 16 million r those who bought because of mandate. W/O mandate 16 million won't keep it. Not lost/choice
If people choose not to buy coverage because its not MANDATED that doesn't equal people 0 coverage. It's their CHOICE to drop their coverage
We need the supreme court, appeal. Asap
@lisamurkowski @SenCapito this hurts plenty of Americans in your states. Do the right thing.
That is still less than those who will be uninsured if Obamacare is not repealed.
16 million? To a billionaire like me doesn't sound like much. Not a bad idea to decrease surpus population. Same as laying off extra workers
A mandate to purchase! You can never get both sides or full picture. Young people want a choice of plan, like catastrophic.
Keep up the good fight Senator!!! #Killthebill
Libtards complaining the cost of healthcare will skyrocket looks like they haven't been paying attention the last few years.
Damn
Gimmeabreak Fake News! They don't say large fraction of that would VOLUNTARILY leave.
VV zbWgmgz j head
Won't anybody just state the facts? The CBO doesn't know what the he'll its doing!
Hopefully all the money rich people will save can go to fixing all the vag pouch necks of the old white men in Congress
CBO is a left leaning organization.  We are to believe this announcement why?
@TheOklahoman need help on Oklahoma!
Liberals act like Obamacare has all Americans with Insurance, WRONG! Less than 20% have coverage thru Obamacare.
And with classic mafia attitude, @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse @POTUS wants the CBO to swim with the fishes. @USCBO
Another example that the GOP simply does not know how to gover. Period.
I guess the GOP is set to have America uninsured. After all, they have a different plan that covers 100% & isn't impacted by their decisions
16 million out of 400 million. Mathematically, small potatoes.
.@SenJohnMcCain? .@SenatorLankford? You cool with this? Is it worth it to you to say you kept a promise? Not what people want.
Is this the same CBO that overestimated the number of enrollments by 100%?
Better than 32 or 20 million.  Still not as good as 0
that would suk but @ap is a #fakenews outlet so ......... dont believe it true
pffbt. I mean I know it's not infowars. It's just one of the oldest, most respected global news orgs in the world. but, yeah, hannity, smart
Having the freedom of not choosing is different than losing insurance. But communist minds like those from soros and AP fail to understand
Forget the "Skinny Repeal",  IMPEACHMENT. FOUND HTML CODE IN MI SOS ELECTION WEB PAGE USED TO HACK WEB SITES. #ImpeachTrumpNow
IMPEACHMENT. FOUND HTML CODE IN MI SOS ELECTION WEB PAGE USED TO HACK WEB SITES. #ImpeachTrumpNow
But at least it will lower premiums. Oh wait...
Congratulations! America! You voted to fuc* yourselves.
FYI. @USCBO also finds that under the 'skinny repeal’ bill premiums will go up 20% every year between 2018 and 2026: http://bit.ly/2h7mNfi 
Pundits have now taken to covering @SenJohnMcCain’s winks, smiles and thumbs to predict how #SkinnyRepeal vote will go.
FYI. The vote going on right now is the @SenateDems motion to send this all back to committee. It is not the vote on the actual bill.
.@SenDonnelly was among those who voted to send the bill to the health committee. @RandPaul, @SenateMajLdr and @SenToddYoung voted against.
This is one of those nights you really appreciate @cspan. Watch: http://cs.pn/2h7rsxO  #SkinnyRepeal
JUST IN: U.S. Senate rejects @PattyMurray’s motion to send #SkinnyRepeal bill to health committee along a party line vote.
I would guess the votes on Skinny Repeal will be the same
Only one way to find out.
Enjoy your 20% increase to premiums everyone!
Get a job
Readin bout 'skinny repeal bill' this very minute.
Sen Enzi, we did see an increase cost due to patients accessing care but overall cost of care is trending downward.
Why do fat heads want to skinny repeal?
I vote we pare down the GOP ASAP.
Have a look at this BREAKING NEWS!
#ProphetDrOwuor 
A DEAD DECOMPOSING CORPSE IS BROUGHT BACK TO LIFE BY THE MIGHTIEST PROPHET OF THE LORD.
No, it means ppl who were forced to sign up can now leave and if they want find new insurance or if not they don't. It's that simple
it means they *won't* be able to find new insurance, more than likely. this guts rural hospitals."don't want to have insurance" -til sick
https://soundcloud.com/king-xerxes-2/4noats-ent-presents-crack-baby …
All this to destroy the legacy of OBAMA....SMH...

https://soundcloud.com/king-xerxes-2/4noats-ent-presents-crack-baby …

Free download on my website

https://4noatsent.wixsite.com/houseofamenti 
Has CBO ever been wrong?
Please look up the term Operational Definitions before you print this nonsense
but 50 states would then have balanced budgets
So misleading!! 95% of those 16 million will be uninsured because they choose to be
Aca is all good on paper. It is designed to fill the mouth politicians. In reality it is an unsustainable lie
Lil. It is called FREEDOM
..over 12 million never wanted it..Fake news...
That's not actually possible. What you mean is 16 million people would have the option to do whatever they want.
There will be riots if this passes.  You cannot retroactively take away health insurance from everyone who has employer provided coverage.
CBO doesn't get the whole picture.
15 million voluntarily
Because they won't be forced to buy health insurance, if they offered slimmed down plan, maybe more would buy
People, if people aren't covered we pay for it! It's called the trickled down effect.
*willfully uninsured* i.e. They won't be penalized for not wanting the insurance
The freedom to die in the street bill.....
I could know more about insurance than I give myself credit for, John...so here's a guess: "EMERGING MARKETS"? #NannyTax!! (?) cc. @POTUS
Senate votes at midnight, please tell me when the FUCK does anything good happen after midnight?!?!
#SkinnyRepeal
And it also turns any institution that does abortions (except rape and mother's life danger) into a prohibited entity with no funding
Uninsured=People refusing to buy something they cannot afford and cannot use! 
.@AP The same CBO says 15 million people would opt out of ACA if they could.
@JesusIsComing_2 @AFP  
BREAKING NEWS. DEAD ROTTING BODY BROUGHT BACK TO LIFE BY #ProphetDrOwour IN SOUTH POKOT KENYA.
THE LORD OF ISRAEL HAS RAISED AND GLORIFIED A PROPHET #ProphetDrOwuor ELIJAH (MALACHI 4:5) TO PREPARE THE WAY FOR THE COMING MESSIAH. LOOK.
AND NOW A GLOBAL REVIVAL HAS BROKEN OUT TO CELLEBRATE THE POWER OF RESURRECTION BESTOWED BY GOD THE FATHER ON #ProphetDrOwuor HIS SERVANT.
Worse than predicting weather
hey, @AP nice 2 hear from u. remember the 20% increase in premiums EACH yr over the ACA premiums as well & 6 million employed that lose ins.
We know they will be uninsured.

We assume they will be adults and seek out their own insurance plans. Even if that is Medicaid...go apply.
Rather than fix the problem by working with the Democrats the Republicans want to make the problem even worse.  This is the American way.
Trumpcare is Deathcare.
