We shouldn't classify assault weapons as guns. They should be as legal to own as flame throwers and explosives.
Hopefully you're not being sarcastic, because in the true intent of the 2nd Amendment, you are correct. National Guard is NOT a militia.
Flame throwers are illegal and violate even international rules of war. Civilians don't need assault weapons for home protection or hunting
I think it's time to dispense with the "home protection and hunting" argument. The people we're talking about don't care about that.(1)
It's not about NEEDING these weapons. It is about wanting them. It is no different than arguments against non-smoking ordinances. (2)
"Who are you to limit me? The government can't tell me how to behave. I'm going to do things to annoy you just on principle." (3)
Until that WANT is addressed, or that drive to attack a perceived annoyance, there will be something they will do to provoke hostility.(4)
It's why bumpstock sales went up. It's not because gun lovers had not heard of them.
Tipper Gore slaps a warming label on a record? It sells
Why can't we accept it? It will never change. If a mass shooting of kids.. yes KIDS at Sandy Hook didn't change laws. Sorry.. nothing will.
What law would have stopped it??

The dude was denied a gun purchase,  then killed his own mother and took hers.
Exactly. A crazy person is going to do what a crazy person has to do.
The only people that will feel any effect from new gun laws are people who already abide by the law
Laws won't make people sane and stop violence. Lots of guns here in Canada. But we don't have that problem with mass shootings. I think it must be a society thing in the US.
It is.We have groups like the ACLU that defend killers. It's taboo to address the gang violence. So many things wrong before you get to gun
My God.  It’s like u believe the U.S. is the only free country on Earth. The NRA puts us in danger, ACLU exists SOLELY 2 preserve rights.
How does the nra put us in danger
Conversations need to turn into common-sense gun controls passed by Congress. Americans need to stand up to the @NRA #GunControlNow
Let's remember what our forefathers had in mind when they wrote that beautiful constitution.....

Not bump stocks, AR15s, etc....
If that’s the case, the 1st amendment only applies to speech and printed writing. Therefore, the first amendment doesn’t apply to your tweet
Tweets aren't written?
I'm no, they are typed and then sent via a system that was not even conseavable then. Use all the quills and parchment you want.
Why are most conservative illiterate?  Serious question.
Did u just assume my political stance?
Did you just assume I was addressing you?
We're doing two original plays about bullying and gun violence in Jan 2018.
Do it like Canada get all the honest farmers that shoot a deer once a year Billions made and gangsters still don't register their guns.
Hasn't faded with me. My car. A stranger thanked me the other day.             Cc: @Rep_Hunter
Thanks TJ, for your commitment and inspiration. We will keep fighting for reasonable and sane gun control measures across this country.
I'm already over my max upset all the time.  At some point for my mental health I have to say that voting is enough
Instead of gun violence call it evil violence. 300 killed by truck bomb in Somalia. Legislation doesn’t work on the evil or mentally ill.
To say "deadliest," "faded," and "can't" is ignorant on each count.  These words dismiss the past, present, and future, respectively.
Run
NRA, #45 WANT'S2B OBAMA  AND GOP'S ARE OUR NATION'S TERRORISTS THAT KEEPS THE NATION IN CRISIS @realDonaldTrump
Makes it harder to politicize doesn't it?  How is Chicago doing with the strictest of gun laws? How are all the inner cities run by Dems?
I would like to invite you on @MSNBC to talk about it ASAP.  Open invitation.  #VelshiRuhle live M-F 11am ET w/@SRuhle & @AliVelshi.
Let's skip the ideological discussions, and go back to discussions about the Constitution.

You DO remember what the Constitution is, don't you?
Plus the asshat in Georgia is GIVING AWAY a #BumpStock. Absolutely disgusting act on his part.
Yes, it appalls me that there is no work being done on gun control.
One of them. The deadliest were against POC

Please just take back the house & senate in 2018 so we can reintroduce the bills Obama passed & new one's that protect the right to life.
With respect, ma’am, The Root has an excellent article that suggests this is only the deadliest mass shooting in recent, or perhaps modern, history, but not US history:
I’m not sure that was the issue she was speaking of...
Sad to say- and do not misconstrue my statement- but most gun nuts in America need to have the issue hit them personally in order to get it.
Basically, the only thing that will change things is if RWNJ's understand on an intimate personal level. Empathy isn't a thing with them.
We know they control the media. But they dont control the TRUTH! U GO GIRL!!
U MAKE US DAMN PROUD 2 FIGHT ALONG WITH YOU IN THIS WAR!
It's too soon right until it's forgotten.
Gun violence had ZERO TO DO WITH THAT! WE HAVE OUR GUNS AND WE'RE KEEPING THEM. GET USED TO IT.
The American people are bombarded by numerous atrocities with this administration.  It's almost impossible to keep track, let alone prioritize.  There is a new fire to put out everyday.
Our GOP Governor has said he will sign without hesitation Mass. Senate Unanimously Votes To Ban Sale Of Bump Stocks
This is the attitude all states Red or Blue should have and they should be forcing this to a vote and making it public.
NRA already rolled back that bump stock clause  and it was barely even a spit in the bucket compared top what we really need #GunControlNow

Then please do something about it with the rest of Congress.
Its too soon
conversations on global warming have washed away too.
The problem is lobbyists in Washington. We need to get rid of this system of bribery and reverse Citizens United. #powerbacktothepeople
The National Republican Association 
                        NRA
           Always Stays Quiet ...
             After a Massacre ...
Especially given that in the first week or so any mention of gun violence is deemed 'too soon'.
@jennafischer .
Take away guns from good people only the criminals will have guns Ban Gun Free zones
Never let a great opportunity go to waste.
It fades because everyone knows that gun control won't solve the problem of mental illness in our country. Accept that.
Instead of glossing over it with leftist talking points about gun control, how bout we get some answers about the obvious #VegasCoverUp
What cover up is that pray tell?
When you have  a country that voted in Trump then expect the worst. Guns for everyone.  We have the right to protect ourselves.  Garbage!
Apparently Wounded Knee isn't important to you.
Kamala...why do you hate the natives?

I agree.
@lady10314 actually Wounded Knee was worse.
Well cause now we’ve moved on to TRUCK VIOLENCE time for new TRUCK CONTROL LAWS
Kamela Harris, surprises as a fool about guns being the issue just like the other leftists. Automobiles kill 35,000 a year, so ban cars!
Foolish Kamela Harris amazingly harps on taking guns when Chicago's murder and shooting rates are highest and gun control strictly enforced.
No gun control laws will stop a madman. You should get a clue.
Because it’s not about guns. It’s about the conspiracy that you may be involved in. 
Why do you people have to lie all of the time heres a cause to fight https://youtu.be/_wLJ3PAVxmw 
You cannot be seriously talking about an illuminate YouTube video as serious evidence
Watch it its cbs nbc and nancy newsclips real ones dont just read the title
But we accepted it after Sand Hook. So what makes this any different?
NRA spends so much fighting against any common sense gun reform. They play on people's fears.
As long as greedy people continue to take money from the NRA, this lack of action will continue.
Sad & very true. It truly makes my heart ache to see so many young lives cut short by mentally ill people with guns.
How about we target the mentally  ill instead of sane, law abiding gun owners. If you are so set on depriving a group their rights...crazies
I agree! I'm a gun owner and believe we need some common sense gun laws.
I'm also a gun owner. I have no problem with a check prior to purchase. And I know the old arguments, criminals don't buy legally yet the last two mass shootings were mentally ill people. Not sure if background checks would have helped but it's a place to start.
Actually, in both instances background checks WERE done & shooters passed. No current/proposed law would have stopped their purchases.
Introduce a bill banning full auto mods like bump stocks. Most can agree on that.
Doing what most agree on is democracy. Pushing unpopular agenda is stupid/divisive. Come together, find common ground, progress that unites.
I think what runrman is getting at, is that people wanting to commit mass shootings will simply turn to the black market and the deep web
That's the exact opposite point he was trying to make. He thinks laws would eliminate the black market
I don't think you even read runrman's tweet
Yes. He wants more legislation which suggests he thinks that will make a difference in curbing the black market.
And we’ve just had an office shooter

i didn't realize they were even happening in the first place.
I expect teh NRA has retreated to its usual corner of wounded, put-upon innocence.

Something HAS to be done for gun control
"Now is not the time..." Try this one instead: "There is no time like the present."  #TW #Guncontrol
Welcome to America, everyone just waits for the next headline to complain instead of actually solving the problem.
Women with guns... makes us more equal than feminism! Long live the 2nd Amendment!!!! It's what's kept us #1 all over the world!
Not in Vegas it hasn’t. We are still living it and talking about it every day
We had the conversations already.  They didn't go your way...
You’re the senator. Why are you telling us?
every week Chicago has multiple shootings. Why pay attention now?
Accept when the gunman acquired the firearm ILLEGALLY. So maybe enforce current laws to stop gun violence.
We Dems only conversed with ourselves. GOP won't talk about it. They're in the pockets of the NRA.
All about lobby $$$ GOP will take every cent they can get their hands on. They don't care how many ppl die. Greedy MF's
How about some facts about what happened?
By another democrat
What's there to talk about? 10s of thousands of people get shot every year. Been happening for decades. It's EASIER today. #banguns
Over fifty thousand dead due to drug use in 2016, ban drugs too please?
KEEP GUNS OUT OF CRIMINALS HANDS........10-20 YRS. IN THE SLAMMER.......DONE.
you perhaps forgot Wounded Knee?
Human behavior is a multifaceted thing. Education, nutrition, and connectivity, i.e. community, is what we need. Not fear.
You’re so right. We are buried in bad news and scandals. It’s exhausting and painful.
Wounded Knee was far worse and it was a gun grab also
Not to take away anything from the discussion but wounded knee tops this entirely.
" deadliest mass shooting"
a bunch of little children were killed in their school. conversations disappeared. we accepted it.
This is a good point. If its unacceptable what exactly are you proposing to do? Where is the movement-building?
Agree!
The reason is: #Trump is a Specialist in changing the conversation, #DT did it again.
You talk about laws in a state that picks and chooses which ones to follow.
We cant accept bills paraded as a ban for bump stocks that also ban other gun mods not related to bump stocks. STOP padding bills #DoYourJob
Agreed... and 33,000 people died from opiates in 1 year. Not 1 member of Congress objected to Marino's DEA pharma buy out bill. #Complicit
This is the pattern in America. NRA stays quiet while it's in the headlines. Story shifts to something else until the next mass shooting.
*ahem*
#WoundedKnee
Legislators "thoughts and prayers" are empty sentiments.  Where's the ACTION?
Yes we can
Because you all don’t care... if they could have linked it to any exterior ‘terrorist’ you would be at war by now...
Ask why not how
We just know "both sides" are too dug in
On average mass shootings are only relevant for 13 days, so apparently this was just an about average shooting.Nothing to get upset about 
So the NRA knows pretty exactly for how long after a shooting they have to have their defences up. And in the meantime they prepare
With all due respect, the conversation faded when fear mongering Sen., P.R, and NRA decided that mowing down school  kids was bearable.
Vegas is nothing to them at this point
What about the mass murders in Tulsa, Ok & Rosewood, FL in the early 1900's or do they not count since the only victims were POC?
No more "shotgun wedding, "gunning it", how many football plays use "gun". Even water guns, we don't call water balloons water bombs...

We haven't run out of thoughts and prayers yet.
SURPRISE. .....  DID YOU REALLY THINK THE NRA WAS GOING TO LET A "CONVERSATION" HAPPEN?  #25thAmendmentNow
yes ...
So let’s start talking about mental health in this country @SenKamalaHarris
Yes, but can we accept that you refused to prosecute Steve Munuchin when you were cal, state attorney general
because we have a moron in the White House who can't focus for more than two weeks.
*2 days (except for peaceful protests people are allowed 2 do under Constitution. That he can stay focused on for like a month & 1/2+ )
Don't forget about Hillary. He can focus on that for months as well. And the press (except for FOX)
I agree. Our news cycles are just ridiculously fast. What about keeping us informed & energized with continued coverage on these atrocities?
U Americans are dimwits feasting on Fox and CNN agendas. U will post the same thing 16 days after the next worst massacre.
Deadliest mass shooting? False
What about 
1890 Wounded Knee Massacre
Or the Elaine race riots?
Conspiracy?
It must not be time to talk about gun control yet.
I can get behind this since you are actually putting in more of an effort than your role as Attorney General.
*modern mass shooting, over 200 women and children were massacred at Wounded Knee.
Bolsonaro 2018
Thanks for reminding us; wait a minute GOP like to say 'that would not have stopped this massacre' so as to do nothing !
The real question is why is it ok to kill supposed @realDonaldTrump supporters? Or why does GOV import terrorist they "know" about?
Because he's still obsessed with football and Hillary.
We can, we are, we do, over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and
stop trying to make yourself relevant
Hey Kampala let’s continue the talk about Chicago, on a lighter side, most Americans don’t agree with you on this and most issues hon 
This can't be retweeted enough!!!! How about now? Can we PLEASE talk about gun control NOW?
Hayward broke his leg... Fuck
Gun control laws are only gonna affect law-abiding citizens. Criminals are still gonna find a way to obtain weapons no matter what.
The deadliest mass shooting in our country’s history was 16 days ago, and we still don't have a MOTIVE, we cannot accept that! #VegasCoverup
Anyone seen any surveillance footage of the supposed shooter in the hotel? He checked in and was there a while?? Supposedly w weapons Hmmmm
http://nation.foxnews.com/2017/10/17/report-russians-used-bribes-sought-pad-clinton-charity-amid-obama-era-push-expand-us …
The NRA can
Introduce articles of impeachment and you can get to work

So start raising hell on every web site news channel and in Washington. If you want to be President get involved
Please run for president.  Pretty please.  Bone up on your international diplomacy and totally crush it!  @SenKamalaHarris
This tweet will also fade out
With respect, Wounded Knee remains the deadliest mass shooting in history. We can't move forward if we're not fully recognizing our past.
It always does...the gun lobby banks on Americans very short attention span. With all the that goes on everyday...people just move on. SAD!
You can’t accept that*
and what, exactly, are YOU doing about it. A tweet full of platitudes?
Not so fast:
Here is a comparison of gun violence in United States and Australia
@SenKamalaHarris the fact that none of the evidence adds up and only thing you question is gun control is outrageous
I can't believe Congress is so afraid to even brainstorm ideas of ways to handle this? Is this a re-election issue or no ideas issue?
The Repummunists will not talk tougher gun laws! Nothing will change!!! "Nazi Riflemans Alliance" The NRA owns the GOP. Most people agree! 
Lol
...and Puerto Rico is still waiting for help after 3 plus weeks !
Question the narrative.
Republican State Senator  for Georgia, & candidate for Governor, Michael Williams, announced a raffle to give away a bump stock
The acceptance of gun related carnage is sad.  Let's implement UK rules.
Kamala, would you follow me? Thank you.
Uhh sounds about white.
GUN VIOLENCE S.O.P. FOR AMERICA:
1. Mass shooting happens, killing dozens
2. Everybody sends "thoughts and prayers"
3. Social media goes ballistic
4. Lawmakers talk about talking about gun control
5. NRA gently reminds them who they REALLY work for.
6. Nothing gets done
7. Repeat
*MODERN history. MODERN. There are still others like wounded knee.
Kindergartens were murdered and nothing was done.
so I'm not surprised...
It was awful; still not deadliest in country’s history. https://www.vox.com/identities/2017/10/2/16401510/las-vegas-shooting-deadliest … This piece doesn’t even mention Native Americans. #UShistory
What ...no consideration for the fact that almost 100% of the terrorist attacks are coordinated by the CIA ? Not all are indoctrinated sheep
Agreed. What is on the table for bills banning silencers, etc?  We are with you Kamala!
I thought kneeling was the #1 problem America faced?
Your black it was not the deadliest shooting in our history. Get it together
https://crimeresearch.org/2017/04/number-murders-county-54-us-counties-2014-zero-murders-69-1-murder/ …  When y’all are ready to talk about root causes, let us know.
Why are the American people not being told what is known about this mass murderer?
Now's the time to have the conversation and action...
ALL CRIMINALS DON'T RESPECT ANY GUN LAW. Stop hurting the good American citizens with your stupid laws!
Thank you. Because if he had rocks, knives or cutlasses & was just as evil & mentally deranged; undoubtedly, many more people would be alive
Which is worse: that I read it as years vice days & thought of Sandy Hook or Aurora OR that I later realized days & that we eclipsed it.
Daily shootings in major cities don't spark any conversation...
This. meanwhile GOP candidates feel it's somehow in good taste to hold stunts like this. http://thehill.com/homenews/campaign/355761-gop-georgia-governor-candidate-announces-bump-stock-giveaway … NRA needs to go away.
Don't call it what it's not.....Fake news does nothing but deflect the truth.
Beyond disgusting, #NRA money whores that don’t care about anything \anyone.
If you want gun control go learn to use one. You cant have mine unless your guards lose theirs, and everyone else, anywhere.
What about Chicago?
no it wasn't
We can’t but with a owned NRA republican administration looks nothing will be done.
Just heard today we have a GA state senator running for governor who's giving away a bump stock. SMH. https://www.facebook.com/williamsforga/ 
Err... Does "Wounded Knee" not ring a bell? 
Is no surprise! We forgot about Sandy Hook; VTech, Aurora etc those were unfortunate incidents. I've lost hope ok any type of gun control
But prez says now is not the time to discuss
I don't think we should ignore the connection between that and the sexual assault stuff, either. It all has power and control at its roots.
Another mass shooting occurred today in #Maryland. Same stuff, different day.
Yeah we can lol
We just did.  What's with the investigation?  Where did the Guard go?
Chicago and New Orleans have some of the toughest gun laws....how is that working out?  Criminals r criminals b/c they don't obey laws.
It’s amazing how quickly people forget because there is so much violence in the world today
Sorry Sen Harris. It's a daily shit show with this admin.  It's important, but so is healthcare and our election integrity.
Ande we have this: https://www.msn.com/en-us/news/politics/georgia-gop-candidate-holds-bump-stock-giveaway-contest/ar-AAtE2fE?li=AA5a8k&ocid=spartandhp …
Thank you
"Country's modern history", reply from all your Native fans....we remember Sand Creek & Wounded Knee.
Maybe because gun control wouldn't stop anything
The rate at which we just move on following increasingly deadly carnage is a reflection of where our nation's moral core is trending.
Unfortunately that is the pattern, the country has collective ADHD.
WE have 2 get a 'Malignant Narcissist' out of office
We have 2 save healthcare
We need 2 stop nuclear war
We need 2 save our planet
We need 2 protect immigrants
We need 2 stay above water w/low, stagnant wages while rich get richer
& YES, we need conversations about gun violence
What can people do today to get changes made to gun laws and other policies?
And Peurto Rico and CLIMATE CHANGE!!!
The deadliest mess shooting in our country's history was the bloodbath the Europeans did to my people. #FirstNation are not savages
We need our politicians to put aside discussions about statues and have more talk about these issues. #NRANeedsChangesNow #ItsNotTooSoon
Not the deadliest-- Tulsa, 1921 ma'am.
Now’s not the right time to talk guns Senator, ‘cause, you know, it’s Wed. Oh and Th, F, S, S, M & T aren’t good either.
And the NRA has come out against any restrictions on bump fire stock. They should be labeled as a terrorist organization.
How are those gun laws in Chicago working out?
Yes - we must keep this going!!

END GUN FREE ZONES that provide human predators soft targets

END unconstitutional prohibitions on LAW ABIDING CITIZENS right to defend themselves and others

EXECUTE people who use guns in violent crimes

DEPORT illegal aliens
I am impressed with your questions in comm hearings but I must call out this stmt. Deadliest mass shooting = Wounded Knee, SD
This is exactly what republicans and the prez want...
