..that buy drugs instead of healthcare..

Mz Harry- see Illinois - study Illinois- learn why democrats are dangerous ( literally) to your health
Why do people keep calling this a healthcare bill when in fact, it's a tax cut bill
Remind us again how many ACA dropped?  And those weren't medicaid deadbeats either.

You should ask the GOP how many are under the influence of Koch?
Wow. That other 0.6% of the1% must be really upset! They'll just have to give up their yachts to pay for healthcare!
Until Mommy has dementia..then they suddenly hide her money and pit her in medicaid #specialtrusts for the  wealthy #everyday happening
CALL YOUR REPS EVERYDAY! #CALLSMATTER
Delayed Ms. Harris!
But her emails!
Keep focused everyone. Trump and McConnell have something up their sleeve. You can bet it won't be a nice surprise.
Will kill 28,000 per year.
Who else do republicans and their voters serve?
I don't understand why they have tied the two separate issues together. What's the rational? Rising costs not even addressed! Craziness!
Keep spreading lies. If it removes the individual mandate and allows someone to pick and choose coverage then it's a healthcare bill
To how many people does this actually make sense?
No support, no vote this week. Let's just hope they don't plan on strong arming anyone over recess...
Oh they will...
Wondering just how many extra shoes, homes, vacations, etc the wealthy *need* Greed abounds.
None. The point is to recycle a portion of it back to R pols that pass it. Everybody's happy, right? Win-win!
You're a liar and you disregard the millions of working class people who support this country and who could afford to self-insure again.
And what about those who can't? There are millions of people out there who are not physically able to work. Should we just let them die?
They'll still be on Medicaid, which was NOT cut, just as they are now. There was no increase. Learn to read and think for yourself.
Super. So we all agree that all of us need healthcare so universal Medicare for all it is. Awesome! 
No, dear. You agree to that crap. Nowhere did I say I agreed with universal Medicaid. Learn to read.
Both of you say you want people covered. All people. That's a wonderful way to do it. Dear.
I want people to pay for their own. Their coverage isn't my financial responsibility. I have enough paying triple prem/deductible for mine.
Oh you're Cult45. Nvm. That explains a lot. Enjoy your greed, Scrooge!
That is a fact.
you are right
I would like to see you run for president
We must ensure they understand constituents will not accept this!
GOP are jerks! Vote them all out!!

CBO report on Senate health bill says one-third of the tax cuts are for those who would no longer be forced to buy insurance or pay penalty 
You're lying again
Don't you think it's time for the House to form an open committee to address the key issues on healthcare?
The Constitution says that it was written in part "to promote the general welfare". I don't see anything about tax cuts for the rich.
In the larger US budget there must be areas where this 800 billion can come from vs taking out of the hides of those who need the safety net

Sends the message that votes don't count; only money does...
Try new idea - REPEAL obamashit! Just say NO to socialized medicine. Be an adult & pay YOUR own way in life
sorry, excuse the language.
Fuc* them, fuc* them all
Remember "no cuts to Social Security,  Medicare and Medicaid"? Another lie from drumpf. So sad so bad.
Start pushing for Medicare for All
Lets start pushing for Democrats for all arms of the government. Repubs only support the already powerful rich. That ain't us
Lie
Why is it still being called "health care"?
As many millions as live in the GOP states I recolored green here
Few had sense enough to say no.
How do we keep the R's & 45 from undermining Obamacare?
Keep voting blue.
And it will give relief to 6+ million people who pay $3 billion/annually just not to have ObamaCare.
People losing coverage! 4/10 of1% of wealthy people getting a tax break ( that's about 100 people) Thank God we have Obamacare!It's in the
Not take away, allow to leave without penalty.
it would put insurance money in republican pockets as well
It sounds like a done deal. I pray it's not!  God please help Americans
In fairness, need to say that Obama raised taxes, mainly on wealthy, to fund Obamacare. For GOP to eliminate the funds flow now is insanity.
Did you know 45% of Americans pay no federal income tax?
Once again it's up to us. We have to keep the pressure on DC. Don't give up now!
It's a tax cut bill, there's no healthcare in it!
Can't get any locals in FL to answer the root question. Is healthcare a privilege or a human right? R you getting answers?
Even worse - premiums 
Age: 64
Income: $56k
Net Premium-Senate Bill: $20k
(Over 1/3 of income!)
Net Premium-Obamacare: $6k
(About 10%)
Is ANYBODY Listening? I HAVE THE SOLUTION! Will generate 5-8 Trillion per year! Infrastructure Money! Pay down DEBT Money! #FreeAmerica CASH
That sums it up very nicely. Can someone submit this for implementation, please?
Mitch Mconnell just pulled the bill, poor Mitchy, no tax cut for your masters!
You are one of smartest Senators. Can you bend rules--like Mitch--to stop Mitch? He thinks Dems will always be polite, so he just laughs.
everybody wants Medicare for all except insurance companies. #buggywhips
So work with R's to fix the mess you ALL made instead of stonewalling. ACA is broken.
Wake up Bonnie, the GOP wouldn't let Dems near the final bill until now, they weren't consulted. They have good ideas, but GOP said 'NO'.
ACA was the same story until the Dems released it. "Have to pass it to see what's in it" N Pelosi.
It'll take away more of your party from D Senate when a REPEAL & tax cuts pass Bcozvotedthese & won't vote againD party opposing them!
Yet a significant number of throes millions cheer their own demise. I don't understand.
Money trickles up, not down.
It's more than a trickle, it's freely flowing
Idiot
Is it ignorance, stupidity, or refusal to learn? Not even sound economic policy - the reputed (now repudiated) ground of the GOP.
All and only abt the money. Mr 1% saves a few mil in taxes and kicks back a few hundred g's to the R pols that pass this.
Names. I want their names. #ShameThem
Not True! End the Obamacare Nightmare! Obamacare... where illegals are cared for better than US Citizens!!! #Repeal&Replace
All this hell is happening so that we can get to single payer, which is inevitable.
It would be so nice, but not with republicans in majorities everywhere. Bad, bad, greedy people.
That's the hell part.
Part of @realDonaldTrump @POTUS strategy to #MAGA. Wonder how those in rust belt feel like now! #OrangutanintheWH.
Just buy a red #MAGA hat and roll with it,  as long as it's a "win" they will be happy no matter the cost.

Unconscionable

Don't forget those tax cuts are retroactive from past years that will fill their pockets.
This is unconscionable and must not happen. We owe this to one another as citizens of the greatest country in the world (in spite of Trump).
This is the most disgusting part of the whole bill.
Demonic forces working against the American people who stand for truth and justice!
99% of millionaires would trade their tax break to save just ONE child’s life. But no one is asking THAT question: “Would you..?"
How many millionaires do you know who pay more taxes than asked for? ZERO.
#KillTheBill
In a nutshell, yes. But it's even meaner than that ...
