Ms. Harris I liked you since 1st meeting in CulverCity. "Qualified" is throwAwayWord. What makes anyone "Q" 4 publicOffice?
Individuals entrusted to represent me (you?) is not "anyJob?" ToMe, it's the mostImportant & deserves thought. @SenKamalaHarris
We've had many decades of "experienced" politicians who know what they're doing... How's that working out? @SenKamalaHarris
well the expierienced O lost the dems 1052 seats. Keep going dems, pretty soon Cali will b red
Carson is just as experienced as any other. Cali is full of idiots with none. Was ref 2 Obozo
Thanks for trying Kamala, but @SenateGOP has made it clear they'll confirm a rubber chicken if Trump asked.
And now he says slaves came to America as immigrants with big dreams.
Are you for your job?
thank you.
Yet he was somehow qualified to lead the whole nation! Which do you think takes more smarts; HUD or brain surgery?
You voted no on Ben Carson because Your Criminal Dem Cabal,Will lose another ATM in our Government .Prison Awaits You all
your judgement on this shows your polarizing views and quiet frankly you'll never support anything republicans do
and you think your qualified. He came from the housing projects for Gods sake. He should know a lot more then elites like u
Kamala... I know he wasn't qualified, I'm with you on that.. today we need to condemn him..he's not qualified to speak
Vote No all you want. We'll just keep laughing at you 
that cause ur racist?
thank you for fighting for us against our hijacked government. #resist
@1slandgirl
Got it
Some of Obama's political appointment never held a job and were not qualified, did you protest? NO
hell Obama was a Jr IL senator had done nothing except leg hump Domestic terrorist Bill Ayers
Also IL State Senator before that!
yes Jr IL senator did nothing voted present why loon Rahm is Chicago mayor BHO ass kisser
Nothing except serve the people of IL.  Do you know how Government works?
do you know or just repeat what you are told
I have a thinking mind. You should try it sometimes. It's refreshing!
should practice what you preach David of course being neutered makes you feel refreshed
.@SenKamalaHarris Like all of your other votes.. it didn't change a thing, did it?  Congratulations to #BenCarson on his confirmation.
is it because President Trump honored a fallen navy seal???
It's EVIDENT that Trump, et al family & rich developers will be behind all he does.
Of course, you did. He's Conservative.
plainly spoken she's a disaster for California and America
you have got to be kidding me your saying a NEUROSURGEON isn't qualified to lead a department your a laughing stock
Yet you are to be a sitting Senator?
It appears you are not qualified for the position you hold either.
Neither were you, but you got elected.
were you seated too, all you dems were missing. Was your white hats.
can't wait till 2018 and dirt rises on you.
Thank you. N.O.  especially because he thinks slaves came over on the SS Immigration... while on holiday... son'of'a...
How'd that go for you?
THAT'S clearly evident. There's a TREMENDOUS shortage of low-income housing in your district/across America!
Way unfit!
Of course you voted no, you're a crying liberal. Hope you lose your seat next election.
How did it go? You and your party are powerless,irrelevant. You'd have a chance for a future,but you're self-destructing.
brain surgeons are very highly intelligent idiot!
more qualified than you..are you smarter than a brain surgeon?..you try that one on for size..this is a cakewalk 4 him
carson is a wonderful loving man america is founded on chritain principals you kamala need to resign!!
Seems to me that being qualified has little to nothing to do with Mr. Trumps picks.  Befuddling.
You are unqualified to be a Senator.
Bravo, so proud to have voted for you!
the thing that makes this so sad is how terribly under qualified you are to be anything but a political hack.
education do you have to do that for us. If your a political science major your part of the swamp or soon will be.
what are the qualifications are any of you qualified you are voted in by us to help our voices get to Washington what
LOL. And Obama was, with his razor thin resume? LBJ was "qualified" and he was a certifiable monster. Smarten up.
did your vote matter like ours doesn't in Cali. Lmao prob not.
U voted against a black man, U must be racist. He said he wants to help inner cities.What have U done to help? Nothing.
so ......... you are a racist
Racist much?
Ben Carson's sole qualifications are that he is known and his skin color differs from trump's.
Are any of them qualified?
as he once said himself...
You lost that one!
hopefully I may apply soon someday
What makes you qualified to say that?
says you?
Details Please as to why he is not qualified ?
and you are racists
That worked out how? Now real change can begin & finally all will see your choices have done nothing for americans #MAGA
And your down vote didn't matter. Ha
I can see why you're fighting Trump. ;)
thank you Senator Harris!
YOU ARE LUCKY!!  if you were Republican you would be labeled a Racist !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! That was close for you!!
Who are the 3 Dems that continually vote with the GOP.
yea the Neurosurgeon isn't qualified but let me guess, you are? or maybe 1 of your establishment cronnies??
a man so much smarter then you who lived a hard life & You say not qualified you should resign
Carson is a pedi neurosurgeon. They aren't "using" him the way they should. It's another example of the general chaos.
. I totally agree with you on that one too Ben Carson is totally unqualified for that job.
Carson should be teaching Med. Students. Has no business in this job.
Good for you Senator. Keep standing with the facts!
So your one of the racist Democrats that voted no.
simply put you are racist and didn't like his skin color, jes more qualified then you are because he is a human unlike u
you're a racist.
For...more or less anything. Thank you, Senator.
Even Ben Carson doesn't think he's qualified for the job. Being good at brain surgery does not make you good at HUD.
@realDonaldTrump is any of Trumps Cabinet qualified? They all seem to be a bunch thugs that want to shred the constitution
 U voted no, who cares he's confirmed and @realDonaldTrump will shove down all dimmicrats throat his appointees #MAGA
N u r?! Ur a riot Only n Cali would u b elected 2 any public office Enjoy ur 15 mins #MAGA
YOU ARENT QUALIFIED ! COMMUNIST !
That's Trump who has tie to Communism!
And neither are you, liberal....
lol and you are?? Good luck to you and your party remaining relevant.
Hypocrisy....... Purely put!
are any @realDonaldTrump appointees truly qualified, I mean first Devos & now Carson, that 'swamp draining' has failed.
You democrats lost so you turned EVIL! You get paid by the people! Stop this now or all dems should get the boot. So wrong!
You are doing all of this to hurt our Pres. Shame on you for obstructing! The other countries & Russia laugh at this divide
@tammyinlalaland nice
and you are?
He's not even qualified to be called human. None of them are.
@AskMjj He is not qualified, as most of the cabinet picks are not either! #inept
what r u qualified to do, whine whine whine. Get ur azz to work & do something for the ppl for once instead of ur self.
Thank you. #California
as a city planner in CA: thank you.
Thank you. Agree.
@New_Colossus_ I had issues with you as CA AG. I am now damned proud to have you as our senator. Thank you.
Thank you.
Stand your ground. We're all right behind you!
If being a "hack" is a qualification for US Senate, then you, madam, are over-qualified!  #hopethishelps
To put it simply, YOU ARE A RACIST. When will your party condemn you?
thank you for standing up for America
Fruit Loops, You're not qualified or competent!
Has Trump chosen anyone who is s qualified yet?
I guess you didn't hear that he was sworn in early this evening!!!!!
nor is this guy qualified
Thank you for always fighting the good fight!
Thank you Kamala. It may not have gone our way, but we know you will always make sure our voices are heard.
Thank you!
Remind me again your qualifications to be Senator? HUD sec is a manager like all dept heads. Carson plenty qualified.
thank you, no, he is not.
your not qualified to be. Senator! You should resign
Thank you!
thank you for your no vote.
- thank you for using your brain. There are not many that have one.
To put it simply Kampala, you don't know your head from your hind-end, except as a political hack.  Shame on you.

@SenKamalaHarris
Thank you!  Keep an eye on Elizabeth Warren!  Sorry to read she had to change her vote from yes to no because of pressure.  WHAT!!!
@DianaHollins He was the first man to recognize Stonehenge was a dogpark & the Pyramids stored grain.What more do you want?
Thank you for standing up. We are bearing witness to the fight you are fighting on our behalf. Keep it up!
He's far more qualified than previous Democrat (and Republican) hacks.
Of course you did, your a racist
....you are an American???  NOT!!!!
. A wonderful MD w/a remarkable story, but unqualified for HUD. Hope he uses his considerable skills to make a difference.
Nope. Not going to happen. Lines have been drawn. At the very LEAST,  guys actions need to be legal.
Im so glad the dems don't have a real seat the the table.  Keep voting no.  And Americans keep winning with real leaders
How can we get rid of you?????????
you are not qualified resign now
how is a brain surgeon not qualified to be sec of HUD? LOL!!! Isn't that a resume requirement for that position, hahaha!!
what makes you qualified ....you are as crooked as everyone in DC!?
And neither are you.
You lost. Again. Congratulations. #DrBenCarson can rewire a child's nervous systems. I think he'll "Catch On" 
Lilly he is unqualified as is almost every member of Trump's cabinet.
and you lost again
You lose!
Oh please, you voted no because you're a dem..
he previously admitted as much!
racist
bunch of loons, your days are coming. You may need to work for living.
Wow, what a shocker. A Dem Senator voting no. When you have something useful to say, tweet it then. Chuck told you to do it
we arnt' surprised. you vote no on anyone who's a conserative. give me a break. you're such a hypocrite.
Thank you Senator
And tomorrow will be the beginning of the effort to defund HUD.
Reply to @SenKamalaHarris Thank you
I'm a constituent.  You rock.
standing tall
UnQualified like Obama?
what exactly are you qualified for ??
thank you, Senator Harris #mysenator
thank you!
Just because you're a freshman you can do better than just follow the party line:((
Neither are you.
Excuse me Obama wasn't qualified but he took office for 8 years. Are you qualified to be in office ?  Be ashamed.
sadly, he's as qualified for that job as Betsy DeVoid is for Sec'y of Education. Soon they'll all be gone #ImpeachTrump
what qualifies you to decide
Unqualified? That's just how Trump likes them, no competition that way. Thx for trying!
thank you. Thank you for hearing your people, and not forgetting what matters, being qualified, being ethical. #prouddem
63 million people said the same about his boss, and yet here we are...
- you are exactly right but qualifications don't seem to be of a concern in this administration.  The less qualified fits
What a bizarre pick for this agency.  
even with all of these no votes they are still getting in.  Almost frustrating.
, I think you are doing a fantastic job! Do you see a shot to run for president in. The coming 2020 election!
no nominee to the cabinet has been qualified thus far in Trump presidency! No surprise here
Thank you, you are awesome! 
Well at least he likely didn't talk to Kislyak. He would have been asleep. And Rick Perry is still looking for his office.
This is perfect!
thank you!
that's funny, because I'm sure you thought Obama was qualified?
Thank you.
Desperate and wasteful
that's a charitable way of saying it.
thank you Sen.
he sure isn't qualified & he damn sure wasn't qualified 2 b POUS.he & trump wr  2 most dangerous candidates that ran n 2016
TY! 
Odd that a man who, he himself has admitted, is NOT qualified for a cabinet position, gets confirmed. GOP is a joke!
the jokes on the Dems! Haha, sore losers , and lots of seats have been lost
hahaha the good news is, there's about to be a LOT of seats lost & it's not elected seats on the line. 
Thank You!
agreed!
few are qualified in this administration
But Mr. Carson lives in a house, and had his portrait done with god. He must know a lot about housing and urban issues!
no one in this cabinet is qualified.
your vote did not matter on either!
Thank you!
