Here's an idea, you and the other female D and R congresswomen get together and write a healthcare bill? Is there any reason why not?
Mitch and his cronies would not allow more than 1 women in a room
Go around them. Women have been going around men's ego's for years to get things done, why should this be any different.
DO IT..what's the cost..time & paper??
Sorry to tell you but she's all talk and NO action.
Your bio says NC so you probs have no idea abt the $1.1bil judgment she won against Corinthian Colleges. They were like the defunct Trump U.
I live in NC NOW.  People are somewhat mobile these days.
I don't believe you. Her effectiveness as CA AG is not a partisan issue. Meaning everyone who live/s/d here knows it.
"Our stuff," that someone else pays for.
Yes,like subsidies for corporations & bailouts for banks & budgets for world-destroying wars hat are paid w/ "OUR MONEY" but only enrich 1%.
Know how to eliminate that instantly? Return to the government allowed by the Constitution.
Right. We should go a back to a system that didn't deal w/modern finance bc only then will it be able to free us from our "un-liquidity".
The system is one of significantly limiting the federal government. It has nothing to do with "modern finance."
Exactly my point, which has clearly been missed. We need govt that's capable of defending us in today's world. Not selling us out for money.
My point is our govt has to be effective in today's world. Looking back at a govt in times of slaves, as some sort of utopia is madness.
What is madness is thinking an enormous government with trillion $$ budgets will not be distributing spoils to people who can pay for access
Obamacare isn't failing, trump & the @GOP are sabotaging it.
Just listen 2 Rep views on your HC...PROOF EXSISTS
It probably is, that doesn't mean it had to. It means the GOP wanted to win more than care for you.
Im sorry you didn't pay attention in  civics.  Government does have a mission to care. Parties are extra-constitutional do not care for you.
I guess you're not old enough to remember the healthcare redistribution of the 80s and 90s. Our private insurance costs covered uninsured.1/
This is still happening. We pay far more than anyone else. There is no free market now 2/
LOL. Obamacare is collapsing as 10's of millions have lost it already, exchanges collapsing premiums up 3X since 2014. Give it up woman.
No, I'm getting my healthcare back after Obama and the Democrats stole it from me 12/24/2010.  Remember that day?  I didn't think so.
Quit lying about anyone stealing anything from you.
I know your a lying troll that supports Putin's boy so GFY!
hey #Gop
#BCRAp #AHCA
#MitchDoesntCare
#MitchNeedsToGo
#RyanDoesntCare
#RyanNeedToGo
#SaveACA
#penceknew
#russiagate
#WeDeserveBetter 2018
Call him out, Kamala.  McConnell.  7 years of nothing, 2 weeks writing in the dark and now he's afraid of the vote.  #TheResistance
Why don't you encourage your senator to be a grown up and help fix the mess.
Why should tax payers pay for health insurance for people who are not poor, disabled, chronically ill or old?
I'm losing healthcare in Nevada because Anthem is deserting us. Preexisting conditions will deny my family going forward.
GOP will make sure replacement provides for president existing condition. Anthem left because Obamacare failed you
Trump already said he won't have pre existing conditions clauses allowed anyway. That's not the problem
This sums up the dem party: gimme free stuff and I will whine if you try to deny me. Brutally honest @SenKamalaHarris, thank you for that

Let's figure out a way to take theirs. Let's see Congressional tax returns. All of you.
ACA was always meant to fail
4/mammos, pap smears - all things that the Repubs want to take away w/their disastrous plan. Never mind taking health care  away fm
Thank God I live in Canada
you will have sharia compliant healthcare within a decade canada is lost like europe
It's not "your" stuff. I'm paying for it
And they are giving tax cuts to the GOP elite, the aristocrats, not the working class
I was recently shocked 2 discover that Medicare pays $10 billion/yr for physician residency training!!! Why is Medicare used for that?
Well said
So glad I started following you. Love this statement.
Babies like pacifiers too. Sen kamala statement is childish. Tell her to get to work and help fix the problem Dems created.
GOP can sneak lots of bills through Congress that only benefit their wealthy donors -but they're discovering health care isn't one of them.
Look it was Dems and obama who snuck through healthcare bill that was never sustainable from the beginning.
Senator, I'm getting pretty old, please become POTUS as soon as possible.
Thank you Senator Harris - keep the truth alive - don't let up!
WE HAVE  PETITIONS CIRCULATING WANT TO TAKE CONGRESS HEALTHCARE BENEFITS PENSIONS GOV  CARD. TERM LIMITS. NEW PEOPLE
Why do Dems always think that in order to get what they want they have to take something away from someone else. ACA is failed Dems plan
Especially from our children, grandparents, parents, aunts, uncles, cousins, and friends!
Unfortunately when Dems pushed through ACA they knew it wasn't sustainable so didn't care about your family
So dumb. Yeah, all of Congress are on the same health plan, but at least Dems want the people to have HC too. The GOP want to take it away.
Dems quickly jumped on the bill, arguing that Republicans are willing to take away protections for the general public, but not themselves.
13 prev. uninsured people were covered under the ACA. Under the AHCA 22 million people will LOSE insurance & the wealthy get big tax cuts.
ACA is still the law. It can be improved. Removing it requires an act of Congress.By Republicans, who would then OWN it. And they WANT that?
It's not your stuff when someone else is paying for it
@InSpiteOfTrump I will always remember that afternoon when the white men took that beer party at the W H
How about the Republican senator's healthcare?  Will any of them lose their medical coverage?   What nonsense!
Obamacare was always expected to fail from the beginning in order to move to single payor system. Stop blaming republicans
That's funny considering you are exempt from Obamacare so how is it being taken from you?
Good point! Needs to be said over and over again. Stop republicans from stealing our health care!
This is a great dem deflection: create a program that you know will fail lie to your constituents and blame someone else.
How can these people want to hurt Americans in such a harsh way. All is needed is to get together and fix the ACA as AMERICANS for AMERICA
Because Dems lied to you when they forced the false narrative about ACA on us. It was never sustainable.
Another out of touch trumpette Healthcare is a human right tell congress to fix it NOT DESTROY IT and You come back to reality
What Healthcare?
GOP WANT YOUR HEALTH CARE 2 STOP
Feel free to jump on the #SinglePayer bus anytime.
What's that? 
Campaign contributions are more important to you than people's health?
Rep. Labrador speaks with constituents upset over health care bill: "Nobody dies b/c they don't have access to HC
It's an act of war on the American people by our own government. Declaration of IND says we have the right to overthrow a tyrannical govt.
For Petessake grow up. ACA was never sustainable and Dems knew it. Now they don't want to help fix it and you say we need a war?
Get a grip. Dems have always wanted to fix the ACA. Repubs stopped them. "Fixing it" isn't giving a huge tax break to 1% and killing people.
Rock on @SenKamalaHarris Continue to advocate for the truth. You had my last vote and any future vote! UR the best and we are depending on U
Except no truth here. Obamacare was never sustainable. Dems knew it. Now they are lying to you and won't help fix their mess.its shameful.
23,000,000 to lose insurance=population of Ohio and Pennsylvania...both states voted for Trump...still happy with your vote?
The moment you think other people's money is "your stuff", you become a thief in the eyes of those of us who give what is actually ours.
Not for profit, Single payer. Healthcare is a right.
Healthcare is not a right just because you say so. Combined private and government program best for all Americans.
Constitution says so. We pay taxes to provide for the common welfare. Single payer is gov only paying hlth bill instead of bloated ceo pay.
No not really. I'll leave you alone to your delusions.
Rah Rah Rah...........
This Gruber is the man that went on National TV and called everyone "stupid" for buying into Obamacare!  Yeah, the guy who wrote it, laughed
Here is, enjoy.
Lack of transparency is why it passed...
I've informed Prime Minister Trudeau that Trump twice in 48 hrs threatened to deport me & request that Canada grant me political asylum .
Awww what a shame. Bye-bye
Still here, so he can threaten all he wants, and a few  members of Congress  have been told, an Attorney General and PM Trudeau in Canada.
I think you might be a bit paranoid. Unless you're a felon I doubt anyone is out to deport you
Oh, so Trump telling me he is going to makes me paranoid? Hmmm!! Interesting. And no, I have NO criminal record, none at all.
So you are saying that President Trump took time from his busy schedule to tell you that he is going to deport you at any minute?
If it is NOT Trump, then whomever is claiming to be him should be arrested then for impersonating him.
Thank you Kamala! That's a very important distinction! 
There is no distinction here. Kampala voted for ACA which has failed. She is pretending it is republican fault and you are buying it
Our money is not your stuff
Like her BFF Barry, she's never had a REAL job, so she thinks the $ stolen by gov as taxes is hers.
Lies come so easy to you - oh wait you're just another lying politician. By the way why Willie Brown @CNNTonight @MSNBC
The current ACA is taking it away by allowing costs to skyrocket. Why don't Ds and Rs work together? Or are you unfamiliar with that?
What a bunch of bullshit
You spelled "power" wrong!
My paycheck is not your stuff, Kamala.
Sort of like you taking my hard earned money and give it to someone who doesn't work or deserve it? Stay in California Sen Moonbeam. #idiot
Y'all took our stuff in 2013 when I lost my plan due to ObamaCare. How about both parties quit taking our stuff?
Obamacare is a failure. Why would you defend a plan with unaffordable premiums/copays & no choice? If you like your Dr you can keep your dr
"...our stuff"? Girly, your healthcare is paid by us, the taxpayers. Where did u get this "us" stuff?
Everything you liberals have (your "stuff") was taken from hard-working people like me. Stop stealing. #TaxationIsTheft
Think of it as baking for 400 people a delicious cake whose ingredients are the sifted well-being of 22 million.
Your entitlement!! You're not entitled to anything! Show me  what you've earned first!
Our stuff. Is there a more entitlement mentality statement than that?  Sweetie, taxpayer $ is not your stuff. U want something? Earn it.
The money to fund this comes from "my stuff"...my income!    Stop taking redistributed tax payer money, which is MY stuff!
DNC can start raising funds today to pay for health insurance, what are they waiting for?
True. More accurate headline: "GOP Trumpcare Steals Healthcare from 22M+ Americans" #Trumpcare
Is it your stuff if others pay for it?
As a doctor, Why do you get to decide to how to impart my services to others?Why do you get to own my labor? That's communism.
They take nothing. It's not &; never has been the government's place to provide what you should be accepting responsibility for.. Pay ur way
I didn't leave my low-premium, high-deductible health insurance and my HSA on the bus.

Obamacare stole them.  GIVE THEM BACK.
Nobody is taking anyone's health care.  You are a bald-faced liar and I am ashamed to have you as my Senator.
You're beautiful, but you don't belong in politics.
when you say "our stuff",  you can provide receipt to show you paid for it, right?  Can you prove ownership of what you claim was "stolen"?
No where in the Constitution or Bill of Rights does it guarantee health insurance!!!
It really is a simple rule, don't take things that don't belong to you. Any 5 year old could tell you that.
What's simple is realizing ACA was never sustainable. No one is taking anything. Dems lied to you in the beginning. They are still lying
Who would ever find enuf guts to put in pre-existing cond.? Shd this not have been addressed many years ago.? There is no easy answer.
Shut up!
Better yet, don't make us decide between affording healthcare and losing our homes if we have a catastrophic illness. Home vs health. bad.
Go ahead and scare people
Obummercare is failing and dying. That's the bus healthcare is on. Obstruct and do nothing and see how happy your constituents will be.
Americans won't lose their health care either way. It's a big lie like most things Democrats say.
Actually, you took mine and other taxpayer's money first. Sequence is kind of important. It was mine before it was "yours."
Your motto - "What is mine is mine, what is yours is mine". The gov has NO business in healthcare. Fix what you already run first!
Don't take our stuff.  Great idea.  You should tell that to your democrat cronies in Sacramento who continually raise taxes & misapp funds
Karmela Obamacare is no good for us we don't want nothing shove down our throat we want the freedom to pick our insurance. MAGA
funniest shit I've heard ever. Everyone gets health care in this country, but some don't want to pay for it. FREE is lost
you have your own health care plan like the rest of Congress. and we all pay for it. #hypocrite.
If health care is "our stuff", who is paying 4 "our stuff"? Is our stuff paid 4, or does 20 trillion $ of debt make it not "our stuff" now?
I stand to get huge tax break if #ACA is repealed, I say no thanks if it means ppl lose insurance bc I'm not a psychopath, but you do you.
U assume there's liking here of the new health plan?2 the contrary.Dems got us into this mess & Republicans won't fare much better #liberty!
You can really only call it YOURS when YOU pay for it
Does "don't take our stuff" also apply to those of us who earn a living and are tired of being taxed above our eyeballs?
Your "stuff".  That my taxes pay for.  What a joke
We need #SinglePayer. Have you told @Rendon63rd off for delaying #SB562? If not, take a seat. We want to live. @jimmy_dore @RealTimBlack
Wow are you paying her for her support
Kamala is @SCNstrategies darling show horse, not a work horse. Hey girl! You gonna get to be @potus using ur #WillieBrown tactic? Spread em!
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris
"Don't take our stuff"
Can you print that out, frame it, and look at it every time you want to tax or confiscate anything? Thanks.
Also look at it anytime you want to bring in more immigrants to put on public assistance.
The Democrats took my healthcare with Obamacare.
The Dems pretended to provide healthcare but it was only a ploy to expand government
Don't take our stuff? 

Only after you & the other politicians stop taxing our income can you say, "don't take our stuff."
Obama & Dems stole it from hardworking Americans. Not yours unless you earned it. #Freemarkethealthcare #Repealdontreplace
Can I have my Dr back?  I couldn't keep him under O'care, couldn't keep my plan either.  Using your logic, Dems took my stuff.
Don't redistribute MY stuff.
My insurance since Ivamacate gas risen to 625 per month and a 5000 deductible.  I've spent my life savings in 4 years Kamela.
Take my Obamacare please!!!!
You can keep all the "stuff" you buy with your own money. And we will keep ours.
Stop grandstanding!  You are only opening your trap to attract voters...who do you think you are kidding?
No free healthcare.
Give up your healthcare for Obamacare.
#HealthKILLBill will KILL THOUSANDS and it's virtually GUARANTEED, that incidents of suicide, depression and PTSD will most certainly RISE!
You speak as if healthcare is a right? You don't have the right to another person's labor.
Typical dem thinks citizens keeping more of our money is taking "their stuff". No mandate=less $ to government=crying dems
Dear Mrs Harris: I do hope you'll run for President! You're the best and the USA needs you! 
Nobody is taking anything, you'll just have to PAY for your OWN insurance if you want it, just like the rest of us!
DC office of Mcconnell, phones not working.....call
Louisville office 502-582-6304...#trumpcareUNamerican
get a real job lady cause U suck at politics!  Where was your outrage when I lost my doctors and my premiums skyrocketed from O care?
it's not your stuff, it's my tax dollars.
Not YOUR stuff. Using govt to steal fruits of other people's labor doesn't cleanse the act nor make it YOURS.
Can't wait to vote for you for President!!!
@TheDemocrats had a shot at fixing healthcare and #Obamacare was a mess.
You're not going to be president. Just save the $500,000,000
She wants DEATH TO AMERICA.  Monster that she is.
"Don't take our stuff" Iike the sound of that.  New Democrat motto?  I like the sound of it!
Before it ever was "your stuff", it was "my money".

You stole my money. I didnt leave it on the bus. You took it from me.
You can keep your Obamacare and your doctor.......
This dope has no sense if self awareness I guess.
I have yet to hear you speak of the people losing heathcare now, under obamacare. No concern for them. Rising costs, straining families
Vote this joker out.Kamala harris is nothing but a Noise maker she just got in D Senate and already playing the RACE CARD & LYING TO VOTERS
And you're obviously not on ACA.
The president earned a monthly job approval of 46% in June. 58% of Democrats Say Their Party Needs New Leadership
something can't be taken from you if it wasn't yours to begin with
obamacare took away our coverage and doctor
Go get jobs like the rest of us
What i work for isn't yours!!!
It's Healthcare INSURANCE - stop muddying the water - nobody is taking anything away from anybody and the gov't  (YOU) should keep out of it
Free Clue: IT'S NOT YOUR STUFF.

#TCOT #TEAParty
Hypocrite, thy name is Kamala Harris.
YOUR Peeps Gotta #EarnYourStuff like the rest of us that work Kamala Lalla Ding-Dong
Thank you for standing up for all of us!
You cannot claim as yours what you did not earn.
No, not lost.
"Robbed"
I'm one of those "if you like it you can keep your plan" who got cancelled from Obamacare so Dems took my health care away
When did my money become your stuff?

Kamala wants it like the Canadians...WRONG.
The thing with the GOP taking our healthcare. The people that voted for them will suffer just like the rest of us. (Except those w/tax cuts)
No one is "taking" anything. Obamacare was never intended to be sustainable. You are victim of false advertising. Give Trump a chance.
Only "your stuff" inasmuch as it doesn't pick my pocket or break my leg. You know, that liberty thing, upon which our country was founded.
It's Health INSURANCE.
Here's an idea @SenKamalaHarris - Why don't the Dems and Repubs stop acting like children and work together to come up with a fair plan?
I get irrate when people are sooooo completely ignorant about the facts!
Quick tell your mind bots something else false to froth over, just not the truth. They can't handle truth! Repeal AHCA - NOW, Free market!!!
"Your stuff" that you want someone else to pay for. Commodities are different from rights smh.
Most of the loss?  Due to loss of mandate.

I don't feel it's taken from me, when I'm not forced to buy something.
Why do you?
To avoid feeling we've "taken" your private jet; we're mandating you buy one.
OR pay a huge fine if you do not.

You're welcome?
OK now the gentlemen in the white coats would like to have a short conversation with you... its ok you can trust them.
Like most of the other dims, you are a liar~! Obozocare is FAILING, was FAILING, soon to be DEAD~! So kamala whatever that means.. get off~!
I didn't  realized how BIG she was !! Who owes who ?? Does Kamala owe Maxine Kerosene or does @MaxineWaters owe Kamala. It's a lot $$$$
Don't take so much of my hard-earned wages. Let me keep more of what I earn!
PLEASE RUN FOR PRESIDENT IN 2020 SENATOR HARRIS!
It's impossible to not love you!  
Agree 100%
That's all you got  Not a solution Try harder 
So wait....to take MY money to pay for stuf and suddenly it's YOUR stuff?  That's really not how it's supposed to work.
Pay for your own stuff.
"if you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor".  Don't take our stuff
Excellent point. Thank you for that.
The fruits of other people's labor are yours? #Slavery
"Don't take our stuff."  Do you mean stuff like income???
Hmmmm. Great point.  So when you say "undocumented" did they just forget them somewhere on a bus?
Pretty fucking rich coming from the party of 80% taxation!!!

Thieves complaining that people don't want to be stolen from anymore!!!

You don't have real healthcare when you can't afford it. Stop the lies and bullshit rhetoric.
Are you serious lady? Wow--you scare me with this illogical thinking!
Obamacare took jobs away.

You want health insurance? Study hard, work hard, don't waste money. Don't expect me to pay for your health insurance.
explain where in the constitution it says government is responsible for healthcare..now since you can't get out of mine..
She misspoke, she meant to say....Give us your money
Get the government out of http://HC.You  can't keep suppliers from raising prices when their main customer can just steal money!
Rep. HC bill causes 208,500+unnecessary deaths!
Constituents blood be on your hands!
Tax break for wealthy so important you'd kill for it?
You're a radical leftist who thinks Americans are a bunch of dummies.
You aren't losing anything. If you still want it, then you can get it. Only this time, you won't be penalized if you don't take it.
