How can someone support oil and gas emissions, spur climate change and favor polluted water? Trump's EPA.
I don't understand how you can be for burdening and hurting poor people with you green agenda.
You mean cutting EPA programs to give more money to big corporations. Clean air and water are essential to all living beings.
You live in Canada so mind your own business.
What's going on in your country affects the entire planet, for instance climate change, war threats, economy, alliances, immigration, etc.
This picture says it all.
And, what is wrong with that?
It is killing people, by polluting the air and the water and the landscape.
Example: Pruitt, Perry, & Trump are blocking the Clean Power Plan.  That alone is causing thousands of deaths - http://www.lung.org/about-us/media/press-releases/clean-power-plan-essential.html?referrer=https://duckduckgo.com/ ….
Making unfounded and exaggerated claims doesn't help. It's intellectually dishonest.
What I wrote is the plain facts.  Trump et al. are blocking the Clean Power Plan.  Their doing so is causing thousands of deaths.
I direct you to the link I provided for a discussion of the Clean Power Plan by the public health experts at the American Lung Association.
Do not engage in denialism of the harm that Trump, Perry, Pruitt & others in the Trump administration are causing.
Kinda like you and your attacks on 2nd amendment. We just want to ban all guns right?
We are counting on you Kamala to defend our clean water! Stop the anti APA and anti water riders in the appropriation bills!
I don't understand how malfeasance & violations of the equal protection clause on this scale is still happening. This republic is pathetic.
How do we stop him?
24M Americans have COPD. EPA publishes https://www.epa.gov/burnwise/choosing-right-wood-stove … Eliminate EPA, kill some of us for lack of information. Leave EPA alone.
How about constitutional amendment to make EPA independent of political party control?
THIS is why Trump has to go!
Pruitt is the devil's advocate and neither he nor Trump should have ever been given the keys to any public office.
He ain't hiding that goal.  He has as much as stated it.  And that's why we love him!
just like Obama

I live in Oklahoma....he's always been horrible, just like the billionaire that put him there.

SOME DD kept droning and hid how Mueller made sure the FBI didn't catch Atta before 911 got us to $20 trillion IN DEBT, so COLD WAR.
another bad person that needs to be removed; i like clean air, water, food, wildlife living in our parks, etc. gop bad for USA VOTE THEM OUT
Yes Mrs Harris no one likes you on a national basis at all!
He's the worst of em.. hope we've got the plan to jump start it all over again once this asshat is gone.
@LESTERJ205
Following the rest of  the bottom of the barrel.
EPA mission is to protect human health + the environment-air, water, land. Pruitt has done the opposite. What legislative recourse?
And what are you doing about it Senator? Tweets not enough.
Haven't you heard? Tweets are all the rage! It replaced doing their damn jobs or ACTUALLY talking to their constituents. OUT OF TOUCH!!
When are you going to update me on your cohort's threats to murder me Kamala @SenKamalaHarris?  cc: @jeffsessions @TheJusticeDept @FBI
Sounds good to me.
Why bother operating in secrecy if he's made it clear his aim is to dismantle the EPA? Let it all hang out! Show us your handiwork, Pruitt.
Let's talk about the indictment of Huma Abedin for espionage.  Dems constantly diverting attention from criminality of party.  Vote them out
Don't  think he was trying to hide it.
Kamala, I hope you have a good plan for rebuilding the EPA when you become president. This irresponsible nonsense has to stop.
T's M.O.: all heads of depts. disfavor said dept. For ex. Ms DeVos is head of the Ed. Dept. Goal: dismantle our institutions.
another one that needs to be stopped!!!

#FireScottPruittAKOCHLackey
I am disgusted by Pruitt's work in dismantling EPA. He MUST pay for medical & hospital bills of those sickened by environmental diseases!
Pruitt will not succeed. Thanks to people like you, Senator 
Next to go! ASAP

Good.
History will note Scott Pruitt. It won't be good
Take 5,
Round two coming up. 
#RESIST
I didn't think he was hiding!
I hate this beyond words. Scott Pruitt is a corrupt, squirrelly little snake. I don't understand how he was even confirmed.
STOP HIM!!
If you really think about it Pruitt is a terrorist
Scarier then a Stephen King novel. And terrifyingly real. Thank you for posting.
@brontyman Step by step the trump administration is destroying America.
Stay strong and keep up the great work!  We need you Kamala !  Thank
So what can and will Congress do about it. I smell long-time financial backing from Big Chems. Can you investigate Pruitt's financials?
Yes.., that would be like you towing the line for corporations and the status quo while masquerading as a progressive.
Since when are they hiding it? I'm confused.
Good
And it's working
@ShawnSRocks
Locks himself in from everyone.
Pruitt should be arrested for undermining our country's laws preserving our water, air, earth. His past should be enough to remove him
Let's hope so!!!
I have been saying this all day. @realDonaldTrump is succeeding in destroying our government. His daily distractions blind us to what he did
Thank you for being so vigilant even while fighting natzis. Keep us posted and say whatever we can do to help and defend vs hidden agendas
@BethRenee @nytimes this too shall pass. As dismayed as I am re: this cluster F admin, can we start planning backlash NOW?
Get him out.
I respect you hugely, @SenKamalaHarris. But US politics now has zero constructive debate. How will your system ever be repaired now?
That was clear from the onset, as was Devos and Sessions. Lowest days since election when these folks were confirmed. 
lock him up, lock him up
EPA too intrusive w/ anti-business unnecessary regs.voted 2 DRAIN the SWAMP.  This is just one part of MAGA. Watch & learn w/ other Dems.
This is how he does everything. As a citizen of Oklahoma, I'm well aware of his shady tactics. 
He's not trying very hard. His Twitter account makes it pretty clear that environmental protection is last on his priority list.
And all the other stuff is just a distraction from plans to destroy the planet.
I am worried about my Great Lakes,they are a national treasure!!
@nytimes Oklahoma & GEORGIA figure heavily in current govt. #unfounding permitted and encouraged as #alternativefacts BOTH states. @UN_Women
Exactly what was Heather Heyer doing at the rally? Can somebody answer me why this pilar of morals was there please?
In my mind, she was too fat to get out of the way!!
How can we stop this?!?!
This is very dangerous.
gawd damn
Call him out Kamala !!!!!!!
How can we stop this monster?
Thank you!!!  So many other things going on under the cover of darkness with this administration.
Stay on his case Kamala!
Everyone who reads this tweet can help. Research your local republicans and see what they are up to. 
Pass that information on or tweet it.
Hide it?
We all knew that Pruitt would be a traitor to this planet.
That's some scary stuff.
That's why Trump put him there & Sessions at DOJ, & Tillerson at State, & Devos at education. Shall I go on?
It was no secret from day one
We've seen a lot. How much more is hidden? Every single public action I've seen or heard has been to dismantle or walk-back EPA authority.
There's no law against being an idiot in charge of the EPA.Especially on that does not believe in the EPA to begin with.Again Mr Trump wrong
Heading the "environmental destruction agency".  Shameful!
Keep shining the light in every dark corner.
He also wanted to get out of Oklahoma.  They have 2 earthquakes a day. Before fracking, they only had 2 per year.
Every one of those GOP are dismantling the government institutions. Selling everything off to their friends.

Not trying very hard or successfully to hide his goal. Problem is do we have enough attention & time to fight all the battles at once?
We must- it's what they r counting on. Create chaos and deflect- see GOT- chaos is a ladder
As he should. Regulations are a burden on capitalism
Don't let him..
Yes, Brannon's legacy, deconstruct our govt Dept by Dept. EPA could be the worst, but they're all heinously covert & destructive. Go, Kamala
resign too! Bankrupting America
From the start, it has been the intent of this administration to dismantle our government, democracy & nation from the inside. #Impeach45
Constitutional Convention is their mandate. Council for National Policy is org.members GOP .Robert Mercer..danger. Google it
What the heck is happening to the #USA.

 Colluding during elections
 Praising Dictators who Murder citizens
 GOP Punching Reporters
We knew that was his agenda all along and trump supports it. Exploit as much as you can to make as much as you can.
So please do something about it!
You have to do something about it. Google Council for National Policy & members.
YES Sen.Kamala Harris, your tweet (notification) TRUTHFULLY, (Family)., hope your READ my early tweet ; being for a Civil Rights Program.
Assuming the Dems get their act together, they're going to have to spend the entire next term undoing all this crap. #getittoghetherdems
Which was founded by Republican Richard Nixon. Personally, I like clean water. #ImpeachTrump #Resist #Scottpruitt #EPAmatters
Please lead the fight. These morons have no concern for the well being of the country. Admin just favors business; wants 2 save oil & coal.
Kamala..Stay on it..you at least seem to have good judgement & character...Hell..you even kinda cute..but stay focused and help all of us...
While we're focused on Bannon, terrorism,and neo-nazis, @EPAScottPruitt quietly destroying arguably one of most important Agencies for world
Pruitt is taking away environmental policies so oil, coal, chemical companies can save money by destroying the environment. Must be stopped!
He is just awful. It's not funny the devastation his policies will inflict on this country and the world
#DismantleConfederacy
lol..youre getting desperate #KROOKEDKAMALA  - over/reg from EPA crippled business and was major factor in #CROOKEDHILLARY losing!  #MAGA
Those in Oklahoma know what a right wing religious nut he is. He caused us to waste so much money on stupid lawsuits.
Sorry-- when was this ever a secret?
He's not hiding anything. He's never hidden his disdain for the EPA & has spoken in the past his own thoughts on ending the EPA. Don't lie.
Pruitt is an eco-terrorist.

And a jackass!

:-)

@cspanwj #UniteBlue #p2 #tcot #NotMyPrez #RacistTrump
The only thing he's trying to hide is the extent of what he wants to dismantle. His agenda is plain as day.
If it is being done is secret, how does Kamala the Liar know?  When it comes to your 1st Amend, you need Kamala's approval or u get attacked
Based in greed!  I don't understand how he can't possible have a thought for the future of our planet.
He doesn't.  Never has occurred to him.
Now that he's fired all the top scientific minds and gutted the EPA.  What's left to do? Exploit all the Natural parks for resources.
As we watch the White House explode we need to pay attention and stand up to Pruitt and zinke!
ZINKE REALLY CRUEL TO INTERIOR ANIMALS !!
Pruitt going about practically unnoticed as we are all distracted with the downfall of humanity!!
It's the plan WAKE UP whole administration MUST GO- SAVE DEMOCRACY NOW. Before it's too late
HE JUST ONE OF THE HUGE, SNAKES!!!
He wants good only for the $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$RICHER RICHEST,FOREVER LAWS
how can we help to stop this?!
Google Council for National Policy. Robert Mercer/ Bannon Many GOP members. Mandate.Constitutional  Convention.
Ironic 1st suing EPA, than 45 appoints him to to head the EPA.  Where he fire all the scientist an disavows the, "Paris Climate Agreement."
When will this nightmare end
I'm praying soon. America is gradually being replace with a, "Madking agenda." We have to unite as a nation @SandyPratt1 #Impeach45
praying to whom? the same alleged entity that let it happen?
Elections have consequences  #FridayMotivation
Our very own @JerryBrownGov and followers pose a larger threat in our home state madame senator
The GOP agenda is to dismantle government. When will Democrats take this message to the public

Press please start reporting on all these things-
Disgusting.
