for the democrats free handouts there is no reason for working people to pay someone else's way it would have been nice if democrats had
2018 DEMS NEED SANE LEADERSHIP SCARED TO DEATH. I DONT EVEN KNOW WHO THE DEMS ARE ANYMORE
the democrats where once the party of the working class but not anymore your the party of laziness and free handouts
More like these two, please.
I love you Kamala! Harris 2020
Beautiful
a break from what you haven't done anything for hard working American's in the past 8 years and now you want to enslave us and make us pay
My healthcare premiums increased 28% last year because of Obamacare what do YOU have to fix that?
It's probably in the same room that the Dems crafted Obamacare. "Have to pass it to see what's in it." Hypocrisy on both sides is y DC sucks
Two amazingly beautiful ladies! Thank you for bringing the fight @KamalaHarris! So glad I voted for you!
I'm severely heterosexual and happily married. But I may just be in love with you.  Keep smiling and fighting
I know.... Kamala ruled that Senate committee hearing! Those old white dudes didn't know what the f to do!!
I am so proud of you to rep us we have been blessed
Both of you very pretty ladies
Keep looking I know you'll find that rasclely rabbit. #not funny but I support you.
During your "selfie," did you come up with a plan to help all, especially our most vulnerable? NO, so keep boot licking for the elite.
Betcha didn't find it!!  LOL!!  Sounds like a case for Magnum P.I., Sherlock Holmes, & Barnaby Jones, then THEY still won't find it either.
You need to update it's the 21st century
beautiful women!!!
You are beautiful Kamala!
Please reach your brilliant potential and become a statesman. We have so few to look up to. I feel you could truly be one.
You are really entrenched in an us and them mentality. I loved Sen Pete Domenici who reached across parties for 36 yrs. A true statesman.
fought this hard to help the coal mining community's instead of looking down on us and abandoning us and not giving any kind of help
Personally ive seen enough of you.
Hey Kamala! Stay with us.... we need you!
"We have to pass it to know what's in it."
U r a follower led by wolves in sheep skin.U have joined the ranks of corrupted politicians #liberalfascism #liberalterrorist open ur eyes
YOU GO GIRL..we need more of you..and don't let that A** Hole McConnell try to put you down
so much fun, your first year and your done.#DNCFraudLawsuit #DemExitForever
Hey Kamala: Obamacare ("You can keep your doctor") was hidden MUCH better) Democrats can't win elections because of your dishonesty-go away!
Hi ladys
oh aren't you soooo cooollllll
Hahahahaha, Senator Harris! Need to keep some humor going. Big fan of yours. You were righteous during Sessions testimony or lack there of.
Bless your hardworking hearts!
And the two of you can still smile? You two rock as leaders!
with all do respect you are the most beautiful politician in America. But... you're still biased and like I said before #biasedpoliticians..
Still can't get over that terrible analogy you made during Comeys testimony #biasedpoliticianssuck
...of this traitor! Someone who's party is so hypocrital about "American values" that it isn't funny! Ok, rant over. Get 'em!
#bae #WCW
Reagan would probably roll in his grave if he knew what Chump is doing! Hell anyone who served during the Cold War era would be ashamed of
Why don't U check the same place the Democrats hid the ObamaCare bill "We have to pass it to know what's in it"-NP until they jammed it thru
Kamala, keep turning up the heat on those creampuffs! They have to understand that collusion and treason are high crimes!
Just beautiful ladies!
I believe @ChrisMurphyCT claims he found it.  Storm the room!!
Love you both and proud to have BWC representing me in NJ!
Thank you both!!! We are with YOU!!!
Great idea!! A break, but: find a good app geek to crunch a game like #Pokemon, it'll go viral: Where's Senate Health Bill
awesome selfie! putting mine to shame.
Thank you both!!! Sending you so much love! Xx
#ShowUsTheBill  thank you Senators.
The Democrats as a whole have taking a break from the people since 2010. keep doing what your doing PLEASEEEEEEEE
1,000,000 Likes !!
Great selfie!
I'll bet Pooten knows whats in this bill.
Thank you BOTH!!!!
The Senate's healthcare bill is like the old Tuna Surprise. Surprise! There's no healthcare in it!
Very beautiful@SenKamalaHarris. You are truly an amazing woman. We love you here in San Antonio Texas.
Scary. No one cares what you think
You are always on break when what do you do for the American people besides complain
Thanks for working so hard for us ladies!
Two inspirations
Yes, its ok to take a break! I love it and thank you for fighting.
Senator Harris -- Continue to fight the good fight of faith; because you are an inspiration to so many...we are rooting for you.
I can't wait for you to run for president.

Looking for healthcare
Bill like needle in haystack:
If it's found, you bleed. . . .
#TrumpHaiku
Think I found it -"Panicking, Mitch #McConnell Shoves Entire Senate #HealthcareBill Into Mouth As Democrat Walks Past" @TheOnion
Wrong meme. It is supposed to be of old hag Pelosi #liberalfascism #liberalterrorist She started all this BS.

Cute!
Senator Harris I want you to stand for Planned Parenthood it saves the lives of so many. Thank you.  Rose from California.
I'm glad you all are having a good time, but I'm going to need you both to get back to work and SAVE US! 
Selfie Day!!
Do you support Medicare-for-All? It's a stronger countermessage, and has the added benefit of being the right thing to do.
It is always good to see the 'ladies'....
Amazing!!! I am simply inspired by strong women like you both! Keep up the good work! 
That read's gotta be a cure for insomnia! TY for THAT!
Beauty and brains...can't beat it
Just look for one of those BIO-HAZARD warnings on a closed door and they're concocting the AHCA behind it.
I think you're wonderful 

keep looking ladies!! :-)
I'm becoming concerned over my ever increasing attraction to @SenKamalaHarris for every single quality she holds.

Wonder Woman IRL
It's always the last place you think to look. Are there any gender-neutral bathrooms in the Capitol? If not, try a Muslim prayer room
Beautiful and inspiring women!
Awesome AND attractive! Thanks so much for everything you do for us.
We love you Kamala. Harris for President 2020 I can see it now.
Please keep healthcare debate alive. This has to be an all out assault on what republicans are doing.
It'll be there before you know it.
 
Beautiful!!!!
((Kamala's not too shabby, either))
:-)
2 Heads are sometimes better than ONE, when taking a break or even thinking TOGETHER the same ; I KNOW the Congresswoman; a very nice photo.
4:00pm ct. WATCHING; @CSPAN 2 U.S. Senate, Voting Now!! Sen.Kamala Harris,of Oakland,California
Please keep searching. Americans wanna know!
Beautiful, Ladies!
Good luck with that!  Nice pic!
@TheDailyEdge @RepBonnie Any idea where they are hiding it?
Best place to hide is in plain sight
Beauties!!
And thank you @SenKamalaHarris and @RepBonnie for looking for that secret health care bill! Oy.
Awww, what a cute picture of you two! Cuter than this gif, I dare say.
Are you freaking blind? Or have you od'ed on the Kool-Aid
... but glad ur all about the SELFies..
Gargoyles
Isn't there a vote happening right now?
Or a blood drive
Beautiful, beautiful, and beautiful! 
Find that bill ladies!!! 
Here's mine #NationalSelfieDay
Couldn't be more proud of you, @KamalaHarris !!!
Ever considered empathizing with more than half the country that is upset about Obamacare? Tryig Knology what folks have been going through?
Acknowledging**
Thank you guys for working so hard!
Check behind the fridge. It's always behind the fridge.
Beauty & brains!
