Need a lot more than this...it's a tiny smokescreen for doing nothing.  Again.

http://petitions.pinknews.co.uk/donald-trump-stop-opposing-ending-the-death-penalty-for-being-gay …

An anonymous interrogator claimed a plan of discovering whether or not my own dentist should ever clean my own teeth with ultrasonic waves.

Interrogator: "It's a pocket (in my throat) into which we can submit information, but if it hurts we have to keep doing it." Make them stop!

Anonymous interrogators might be ending all interviews through proving that people talk that way naturally without even being interviewed.

Is someone on standby waiting for me to tell an insane woman believing in me as a robot to take medicine to call me a hypocrite for not?

Anonymous interrogators insinuated that a naturally drug-free person is too much for them to live up to as true items thus affect too much.

Do these guys look kind of like dead? https://twitter.com/gayfriends_/status/916094610346250240 … Is that pic causing problems politically-speaking?

Anonymous interrogators claimed that as long as my own art creations remain entirely subconscious then I prove that art is reallly science.
WHOOP DEE DOO !!!  YOU GO FOR IT!!  THE GUN STILL FIRES..  !!!
It's a start, but long way to go.  Keep at it.
Really going out on a limb...
We also need background checks, a national register and prohibit anyone with a mental illness from owning a gun.  But this is a start.
& AK47s/AR15s & any other military grade weapons. #StrictGunControl w/ #backgroundcks #registry #Insurance just like cars. #deadlyweapons
@patticar @SenFeinstein How about Women's Repro Rights, Rolling Back Civil Rights etc. We need to know you'll stand w/ us.
@MamaRose2017 @SenFeinstein ... manufacture??
Along with majority of all ppl in congress 
Killers don't need them, but can still easily get them. BFD. Emulate Aussies if you want to do something real.
Appears inadequate
If Stephen Paddock was gunning for Trump supporters, then the Second Amendment is still valid and useful. More of that please.
nothing like advocating mass murder AND gun control at the same time. sounds like you admire the Nazi Party of the 30's.
(it's a fake account.)
Oh yeah, it's one of those fake accounts that tries to sow division. Twitter's done a lot less about these crap accounts than Facebook.
What fake account ??? Who faked....idiot advocating mass murder ??
Yes. I was replying to you.
Big fucking deal ...what about assault weapons or 100 shot magazines. Or no registration of training, this is a no brainer. And it means zip
Thank you, but we need to take assault weapons out of the hands of civilians. Yes, I am a gun owner.
Yes and plz anything else which allows for multiple  to hundreds of rounds in seconfs. #GunControlNow #GunControl #LasVegasShooting
Thank you but you can’t stop there.
And automatic weapons gets a pass?? Lame. @CNN @maddow
Life comes at you fast.  Schumer steers Dems away from gun votes
Hmmm.... wonder why you didn’t “ban” them before they were approved?
That's a good start: Now what about the Healthcare armageddon planned by Rs in the guise of "Tax Reform"? CHIP? The EO Trump plans to sign?
Since they were allowed under President Obama, maybe you should resign.  Because we ALL know you voted lock-step WITH 44
Except the Obama Admin is the one who made them Legal.. Let's not forget ..How did You Vote on that? You are on the record, so no fibing.
We must act now and enact gun control in American now!  Stop letting the NRA buy Congress!  #IWon’tBackDown!
They have no need,I just believe I have right to hand gun however I am an Eagle Scout class of ‘82’ and value life shoot to stop not kill 
We need more than that
Ok, but isn't this sort of tinkering around the edges?
Thanks, but the gun shops in my area are already sold out...of course.  We will be playing Catch-Up on this for a loooong time, if ever.  I'm very proud of you, and Sen DF, when possible.
lgtbq community could use a little boost as well, know you are all fatigued by constant plate spinning from issue to another, BUT WE R DYING
There's got to be more that we can do though. Even the liberal pundits are telling us it's fruitless to try to go up against the NRA, help!

Ignorance, it’s also a technic that people did long before the stock was created. These people should fire a gun before making laws for ‘em
Don't stop there. We have a bigger problem with guns that needs to be addressed
That is a good start Senator. How about taking it one step further and introduce legislation to ban ALL semi automatic weapons of war?
unless it’s a country wide ban it’s worthless. This ban wouldn’t have stopped the Vegas shooter. Try again.
It will be interesting to see what happens to this bill.
NOT ENOUGH!
They are flying off the shelves!
Not enough.
That's a start but does not go far enough, ban all semi-automatic firearms, review ammunition, who needs armor piercing bullets??
Bump stocks? What about guns?? This is empty legislation for an easy win.
Great!  How can we be more proactive in the future?  Why did you wait until now?
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris !
Not enough! Get rid of the guns they go on.
Stop the sale of these guns to the type of people who would want a bumper stock. Not Allow the magazine capacity preferred for their use.
I would be so interested on someone defending why they would need this?
I assume it will include the other devices shown on MSNBC before It was know what type of device was used.
How about pushing for a well regulated militia for gun owners. Might id  the lunatics
Thank you, Senators.
Thank you but a LOT more needs to be done about this.
Americans are cowards for bearing arms!
Why don’t you look at the 270+ bills that the House of Representatives has already sent to the Senate.
Good DO IT!!!
Bump stocks not used at Sandy Hook 
Bump stocks not used at the Pulse 
Bump stocks not used at Va. Tech 
This not "doing something"
Also, vote down the budget that just passed in the house of reps!
#senkamalaharris Thank you! And keep on going, like Australia!
Let’s go all the way, #repeal2A !
http://www.vulture.com/2017/10/kimmel-calls-out-senators-who-didnt-close-gun-law-loopholes.html … Diane show them which one is you here because you sit near Mitch McConnell
https://www.buzzfeed.com/dominicholden/jeff-sessions-just-reversed-a-policy-that-protects … this is almost like the sale of negro slaves isn't it
#democRATS

And #murder
They're all Democrats! None of them are members of the NRA! 

#WednesdayWisdom
http://atlantablackstar.com/2017/10/03/country-white-domestic-terrorist-nra-wants-make-sure-not-labeled/ … via @atlblackstar
Look into Gatlin Cranks as well, basically do the same thing as Bump Stocks.! @SenSchumer @SenSanders
Unfortunately, the GOP has sold their soul to the NRA.  They will never let it pass.
That is not enough.  We need a digital and national database, along with regulating of high capacity magainzes. Global background checks
Keep silencers illegal!!
That to do it... what about background checks, semi automatic guns and huge clips? Heck , why not just repeal the 2nd amendment - that's why they call it an amendment.
It’s a good start but not the only was to mod a semi-auto to full-auto:

https://www.facebook.com/U.SUltimateWeapons/videos/1722372641169057/ …

What will be done to prevent this?
Do it now. Most gun dealers are already sold out. We need a Gun Registry & expanded firearm regulations to protect our citizens.
Potential Presidential candidate must not be reactive but creative, insightful, imaginative, taking us all on a path she alone creates. You.
It’ll never pass but only because it should.
Hey, Senator, what about GatCranks???
Just a clue
It's a start. #banAssaultRifles
1 of the BIGGEST THREATS to our Democracy... #StopExtremePartisanGerrymanderingNOW!!! PLS RT 
More liberal nonsense ..Look at Chicago.. 50 -60 shot each week, with 10-15 killed
Maaaaanuuuuufaaaactuuuuuure...
Thank you!
How about going one further & banning ALL assault weapons
There is no legal reason why civilians should be able to buy bump stocks
Great! Please also consider allowing fed $ for research on gun violence as a health issue & a computerized ownership database.
What about banning the production of these devices.
I hope the rest of the country follows California's lead on this.
Thank you, Senator!!
Don't stop there.
#NoAssaultWeapons are not needed, 
only for Military and Law Enforcement.
How abt banning anything over a 8 capacity magazine? I am a gun owner, highly trained and hate them.
Good, senators, but it's a damning comment about America that these & the weapons of mass murder they adorn are objects of lust for so many.
Do more ... go after 2A
Why isn't  there gun Insurance?  I have car insurance. Let's get gun insurance
Why does it have to take a Vegas or Sandy Hook to introduce legislation?
Excellent!

What are the Vegas odds you screw this up?
Thank you. 
Tell Ye Ole Uncle Grandpa to move out of future pics.
We need more to include all military style weapons. Semi or Auto! Thank you 
Can you address, The sale of legal conversion kits.. the only purpose they serve is to make your gun illegal.$65. Instructions on YouTube
Gun owners who feel, well, you know, let's just say "inadequate", are not going to be happy about this.
With ya girl
Do more than that please. How about banning automatic weapons
Thank you!
We need gun owners insurance
#CountAndInsure
Thank you.
When will you introduce a Constitutional Amendment to #RepealThe2nd?
A little to late for that seeing how lots of americans own bumpskis and is a piece of plastic really worth 10 years in a federal prison?
I agree, we're going to have to ban all the guns instead.
Thank you!
Thank you!
EXCELLENT! KAMALA HARRIS 2020!!
Absolutely!
Let’s pass this! We can get GOP support. Please don’t give up.
Thank you! One small step. We need the GOP to join us to #EndGunViolence
Love you, California senators! We always lead the way.
Necessary but insufficient.
This also please..if in effect, guys like #LasVegasShooter would be on police radar..
Which amendment is the one about cars?
Thank you, Senator!  Let's outlaw machine-guns in the United States for civilians and  routine law enforcement.  Neither need them
Thank you but more needs to be done.
That's not enough! Why can't we ban automatic and semi automatic weapons? Period.
@SenKamalaHarris - gotta do better than that!  Let's go for Australia's auto and semi-auto weapons ban past and future!!!!
Good start.
Continue:

Close the gun show loophole
Ban and recall high capacity magazines, suppressors & bump stocks
Ban 3D print/CNC guns
You need to Go a little further but good start
As CA's Attorney General you reneged on yr obligation to voters to criminally prosecute #bankster #Mnuchin.
Your life is shame, not pride.
Let's revive the assault weapon ban too.
That's the least we can do.
Let's include a ban on large capacity magazines.
How about work on making murder illegal? Oh wait...
THANK YOU! So proud to be Californian!
Ban high cap magazines, restrict ammo sales. Require insurance for guns.
Sure. Fine. But bump stocks are a convenience. It’s the guns. You don’t need a kit to do the same thing.

it's a start, and thank you
Posted info and short video for this venue so we had info to better understand how it works. And it’s not for hunting anything but humans!
BUMP STOCKS - For the Micro-Penis Challenged
Use 'em for when a sock in your pants does not compensate you adequately for your penis issues
Tthank you
Can you provide details when it will come up for a vote, including time and room number? Because that's what the NRA will do.
Thank you
Please actually talk to a sensible gun owner- there is the Gatling, too.
The Left's argument for Gun Control is akin to saying skimpy attire causes rapes so ban skimpy clothing. Of course, blaming victims works.
Can she introduce legislation to now officially label the President .... a "moron"
That is a start.  Then automatic weapons, high capacity magazines,  high impact ammunition, etc etc etc
Please don’t use specific wording. They’ll just change a screw and call it something else and it’ll all be for naught. Also, thank you!
Too late
Great. Do more
How about assault weapons??

step one.
Thank you, Senators, for your moral courage.
There needs to be a national registry for guns. We register our cars and pretty much every appliance we own. Why not guns?
Yay, thank you all!
Go further!
Thank you!!
I'm not a lawyer, but is it true then that in a transaction, the seller is guilty of a crime while the buyer isn't? Include purchase ban?
Thank you!
this afternoon this site was alive and well, and selling out fast. 
See, sometimes doing something makes a difference.
Thank you for having the courage to fight for our safety.
Thanks from Las Vegas. #LasVegasShooting
Start with #DrainTheSwamp or you'll have a next to an impossible task. I salute your efforts.
RT and share this #NRA bought and paid for #BulletBuddy list. #Demand #Truth #Demand #Answers
Bump stocks aren’t the only way to upgrade guns all manner should be banned
Hopefully includes private sales and gun shows
Sounds great in theory but I'drather you be taking about taking control and how you intend to get there They can fix the election Get it
Omg , what would the senate be w/o you ? 
Thank you for acting so quickly.
@senjohncornyn Join this effort now! #unite
That's it? Try harder, Senator. Please.
sorry not enough
Nice start.  #KeepGoing @momsdemand
The Obama Admin passed bump stocks.....Correct?
They were invented in 2011 during his presidency. So what?? Every attempt at gun legislation blocked by Republicans & fake Dems in Congress
Good start, but someone will invent a replacement device.  Better fight is ban on semi-auto and automatic weapons.
Ladies let's get this done! Horriffing to know that Bump Stocks are available! Must Stop!
THANK YOU!
MHarris2020!
GOOD. How do you work with today's GOP? Thank you for your courage and stamina.
Thank you, Kamala
I'm so proud she's our senator
Then you don't really know her.
Thank you, Senators!
Thank you! #GunControlNow
Nations must continue to evolve  if they do not they are doomed.
Can we make a provision to prevent police from using this as a pretext to arrest minorities ? Is that possible ?
“bump stocks” OR ANY AFTER-MARKET DEVICE because you know evil will keep trying to enhance killing.
@SenFeinstein has been a tireless leader on the issue of gun control for many years. Good to see our new Senator has her back.
Substantial reform woefully absent comes to mind #ResistTheNRA #ResistTrump #LasVegasShooter #TheResistance

That's right folks, murderers always follow laws and never use illegal weaponry, just like politicians like this idiot honor their oath.
Good start, but why are semi-automatics still allowed?  That is a military weapon.
Revolvers are military weapons? Hm.
Those guns should be outlawed. What about those of us who don't need gun we have a right to be safe from idiots who want to kill us.
