Because the loudest crybaby gets the most? Have you heard the word "No" or "we can't afford it", "grow up", "be responsible"? Thought not
Why should we have to fight for our rights? And why should we have to do all elected officials job? Do the job you were hired to do.
She's doing the job of protecting her big money donors just like 95% of govt.  Both parties are corrupt.
I wasn't referring to her, so to speak.
Did you read my tweet?  Either I'm misunderstanding you or you're misunderstanding me.  
Swallowed my telephone phobia and called my senators (Burr and Tillis). Got recordings, left messages. #SaveACA #NoTrumpCare
This is not working! Calling, emailing, voicing our opinions & concerns. They are NOT listening to us!! They DO NOT CARE!
They needed Pence to come in to break tie as we got two!
MY EYE, TRUTH, Sen. Kamala Harris, this 1 day old posted tweet of yours.
Russia, Iran, and North Korea Sanctions,; your vote Sen.Kamala Harris, being in the Senate Assembly Chamber again seated.
How do we take the fight to the next level? (Because lighting up the phone doesn't seem to work)
How do we cut off the flow of money to the GOP? What companies must we stop buying from? Who has an accurate chart?
Fairness doctrine, overturn Citizens United and eliminate superpacs. That's how you take the money away.
What is the matter with you? Asking Dems to call and defend right wing healthcare is pure cynicism.
Why not #filibuster ?
Time to repeal health care. Working people have health care. Seniors have Medicare. Folks on welfare have medicade. Who is left to cover?
People who work, but don't get medical benefits and can't afford their premiums.
called faxed... Did my part! But what about you? When we succeed what will you do to ensure #MedicareForAll ?
She'll give a meaningless platitude, maybe some lip service. Kamala is all about them Clinton donors.
corruption
Kamala Harris fails to explain why she didn’t prosecute Steven Mnuchin’s bank https://interc.pt/2igBdpi  by @ddayen
I know, we will be able to keep our doctor. What, that was another Obama lie... Damn....
The ACA is not single payer. Stop trying to defend half ass law. We need FDR not Barack Obama.
We need you to stop the #Resist #obstruct tactics Do your JOB You know Obamacare is FAILING MILLIONS Schumer has a new slogan A Better Deal
This IS her job, loyalty to the LA constituents who voted for her, 1.5 million of whom stand to lose coverage. Learn how government works
She's not loyal to you, me or 99%. She's bought by big money special interests & cares only about them.
Wat r the numbers?  I'll call!
They are trying to deny us MEDICAL CARE. Who can support that?
Lighting up the phones in opposition to the democrat national socialists nazi party of hate division and envy
What if weve already called today?  Again?
A majority of the American people want it REPEALED.  Start working for the people you low life Kamala.
Looks like Hillary's moronic crowd has migrated to Sen. Harris.
Vote no on this SHAM Capito 202-224-6472 Heller 202-224-6244 Lee 202-224-5444 Murkowski 202-224-6665 Paul 202-224-4343 Portman 202-224-3353
@theresamax I will call am n pm thurs fri ETC...
My GOV is giving me PTSD.
#NoRepeal
PDTSD Post Donald Trump

Repeal ObamaCare.
It will not do any good to call.  Both NC Burr and Tillman have voted with the GOP on every issue and refuse to hold town halls.
You#dems and leftist stop promising entitlements we cannot pay for!  I work hard for my money tired of you redistributing it!
We need someone like you to run for President!
Give Americans the same health plan you and the rest of Congress receives.
Be fair to Everyone......

Which Dem senator will now offer the amendment replacing the Trumpcare legislation with a one-page bill lowering the Medicare age to zero?
I'll light up the phones when YOU come out 100% behind Single Payer.
Just wait till people get their new insurance rates in the mail from Obama-care. You will see the phones light up alright.
Doing it!
@TheDemocrats 
Thank you! Wisconsin loves you!
And tell you that it is killing the middle class and should be replaced?
screw phones. i am right here, right now asking YOU to push for #singlepayer......crickets.
How are The Hamptons?
I keep calling to get you kicked out, but as usual Dems have no desire to clean out sewer!
The phones have been lite up for months.  Work harder.
Call Harris and let her know you want her to vote for repeal.
We need you to come to the table and fix the ACA disaster & to start paying for your own insurance. This Congress exemption is hypocrite BS
@TheDemocrats I'm so proud of you as well as inspired. Thank you for being on the right side of justice. 

A big gigantic thank you to @maziehirono for leaving her treatments for stage 4 kidney cancer to protect our access to medical care.
@JohnCornyn is a big fat #2, but I'm eager to unseat @TedCruz and #voteBeto in 2018.
John and Ted are monsters.
Are you going to introduce a #MedicareForAll amendment to that bill?
I am. My senator said they would straighten it all out in conference.  Can't reach second senator.
I've called and written Pat Toomey repeatedly. He does not listen to, or care about, Pennsylvania's citizens.
Millions of lives on the line We must take it 2 the streets #nofascistusa #trumppencemustgo #NotMyPresident
You're better off coming up with a better replacement, O Care is history.
Just not yours bc you dont respond even to twitter posts
Does it do any good to call Ted Cruz? John Cornyn? Stop sitting out elections, Texas!!!
Living in OC,CA who am I supposed to call? Senators already on board & @RepRohrabacher staff don't answer phone & we know his vote anyway
Called your D.C. LIne thanking you for fighting for this
Unfortunately my senators could care less of what I think and the people they represent.
I'm from Philly who do I contact
Thank you for fighting for us!
Yes that's why I'm calling @SenDeanHeller to vote to repeal #Obamacare it's hurting to many Americans
Need we stop paying taxes due to the fact we the people are not a factor
They will keep voting until they can get enough votes.
Are you not the one who is against single payer? Learning to do the bidding of your corporate overlords?
We need Congress to publically state Trump is nuts. America is in extreme danger. Russian coup
Why don't you introduce a one page healthcare bill for all. Reduce the age for Medicare to 0, and remove the cap on Medicare taxes. Simple.


95% of ins claims r less than $5000. Deductibles r $7100+. ACA plans DO NOT pay claims 95% of the time bc of deductibles. ACA is worthless!
Leadership101:work in collaboration, work as Senator McCain suggested yesterday,across the aisle,GET work done, we the people expect results
Done though my Senator helped write  it
I'm calling....must repeal Obamacare.
Please help #DNC define policies on economics, security, #aca, and education. #resisttrump with innovative ideas helping all Americans
Also speak out for LGBTQ Rights! Trump Pence are going after minorities to keep the Christianists White Supremacist happy.
Sen. KH, Republicants are/have proven they don't care what Americans thinks or say.They were cool w/people in w/c's being flipped & arrested
Sen. Harris - lead #resisttrump help illuminate the path forward with new ideas - together a future for all Americans #democrates
So where's the affordability in the affordable care act?
Will do but it's sad that we have to repeatedly remind them that their main purpose on earth is to behave humanely, to care for others.
How do you feel about calling senators who aren't MY elected officials? Mine represent me.
Thank you!  Does it help anything to call your office? I'm one of the lucky ones .
I'm on it! Have made a master phone list in my contacts to call them all! So Done with these evil doers.
Military also doesn't allow great big giant fat people, drug addicts, tattoos /neck/face felons, or without a diploma. Discrimination??
I ring from Australia every night for the sake of my parents. I don't care how much my phone bill is, it is my duty to my country of birth.
Don't you have better things to say... maybe discuss what you would do to improve healthcare insurance for the 90+% who now pay more than b4
We The Ppl are tired of #childrenofthecorn & many of the DEMS talking heads #FakeNews of #ACARepeal shut up.With fabrications & Lies #MAGA
Can you please give a message to @SenatorIsakson and @sendavidperdue that they need to axe this ridiculous bill that will torment GA!
Vote your #criminal party home or prison or

 institution they are all nut cases and we need ppl 2

 work 4america not complain 4america
Light up the phones to say...let's end this national tragedy on our healthcare
Kamala I'm trying but a lot of them have mailboxes that are full or they busy out the phone line. I've tried calling their local offices too
With all due respect, Senator Harris, we have been lighting up phones & more for months w/ same results. When does the strategy change?
Its why its taken them so long to try this in the first place. We had two women actually listen to constituents and they needed Pence
I appreciate your response and commitment. I'm one more person working p/t jobs w/ no benefits dependent on #ACA & this pass/no pass cycle
Good. Let's get GOP voting record in place that will surely doom them in 2018
Im sure the phones were lite up but 90% of the Republicans avoid there constituents. They vote for who line their pockets.

Marco Rubio and all his staff MIA.
10:23am This moment your tweet (notification) Sen.Kamal Harris, more vote today 10:30am and  2:30pm , Watching TRUTH
Serious question. My state senators are @MartinHeinrich &@SenatorTomUdall already opposed. Who should I be calling?
Call them till you use up their voicemail tape! Try Capito...she voted no last week or whenever turtleface had the last vote

I did... I ask my senator to vote YES! - Get rid of Obamacare Moron
The only distraction is Trump making the #transban announcement today so we are divided and cannot focus on the impact we can make
You are exhausting.  Why don't you look for a way to fix the problems vs just trying to obstruct....hmmm you have no answers/plan, do you ?
My Senator McConnell's office voice mail is full!
You are a shining light in the vast wasteland of American politics, Senator Harris. Thank you for your amazing work.
Will do. And tweeter too.
keep us focused, Kamala!
I say leave it alone too. Let it collapse

have you been able to see what your expected to vote on this time?
