Attorney General Jeff Sessions paves the way for tougher drug sentences, undoing Obama-era reforms http://cnn.it/2q9Z6Fs  
This is one area where I disagree with you. If you ever lost a friend to drugs (or even a stoned driver), you might see it differently.
And the fact that dealers make huge money off destroying peoples' lives is just disgusting.  If anything, the penalties should be higher.
If a dealers drugs ends up killing someone, they should be charged with murder.
Are we responsible for our actions at all?
Sure. The drug user has the life long health issues.  But getting them hooked is also the fault of the dealer
So lets jail the CEOs of Rite Aid and Walgreen's too. Most dealers are users. And they dont have to force anyone to buy drugs.
I agree it's more complicated depending on how they got the drug. I'm talking about through illegal means. It's not a racial thing.
If we are going to jail dealers we have to jail the CEOs and board of every Alcohol, Tobacco, Pharma and gun company.
Sure, and Jerry Brown just released a bunch of people early, and several of them have already murdered people. What say you about that
Would you stop the war on drugs? I'm not holding my breath.
Once again U R fighting. People R dying and a wall would help. Once again more blood on your ideologue hands How can you look in the mirror
He looks like he enjoys thinking about people being harmed by his legislative acts. Sadistic little turd.
AG Sessions is following the laws and regulations. Fight to change them.
Trump admin Also resigning with private prisons.  Funneling more citizens into slavery for the profit of cronies. It's all pretty shameful.
When I listened to this Speech I heard (3rd Ear) Profile, Target, this man is the new 2017 George Wallace / J. Edgar Hoover. Must Be Stopped
Everything Trump touches turned to poison and every appointment guarantees civil war. USA disaster.
@BarenMater We must not allow the narrative to pushed as the "drug dealers" This war on drugs, Pharmaceutical companies
Look at where he's FROM. If it's backward, he's all in. He thinks you can never be too harsh on criminals, especially if black.
Dont forget to add what HHS Price said about medication assisted treatment just substituting one opioid for another. That is factually wrong
It was not a failure : #strippingvotingrights; #Enslavingnumerousblacksservinghalftheirlivesonmandatoryminimumsentencesimprivateprisons etc
Trump admin will never relent in the fight to remove &/or incarcerate those people who profit on human addiction & misery in the drug trade.
Racial animus
House+Sen #revolvingdoor-fed coercion!RE-FIGHT? #ScienceBeatProfiteerLIARS so lawlessAG can BURN R $+lives' work? #FALLUALL!  #insidetraders
The statistics show that war on drugs was not successful
Wonder how much he has invested in private prison companies? We need to lock him up for perjury and treason
Are we just moving on from the fact that he lied under oath and that he involved himself in an investigation he recused himself from?
Who thought he was going to do something else ? Private prisons have to be funded and I'm sure he has some links to the profits
Never hear GOP talk about making it easier for people to get treatment.
He lied to Congress yet he is the attorney general - what justice?
Did we learn nothing w/ our war on Drugs during Bush Admin? Just filled our jails with black and brown citizens! Going backwards!
Don't tell me you are pro-drug dealers! CA politicians are out of this world. #Saveusfromour CAgovernment.
If you have a friend on drugs they need real help..not repeated incarceration that doesn't work
Please fight this
These republicans want to live in a different century.  He is an idiot.
I hear banjos every time I see this man . Scary
I'M WITH YOU LADYBUG
Sessions is a dinosaur, and corrupt to boot. Lied about meeting Russians, then helped fire the man investigating his and Trump's Russia ties
Has anyone checked to see if he has a financial interest in private prisons?
"must"? You guys better.
and what were your anti-drug accomplishments in San Francisco as DA? The City is a cesspool.
Are there statistics on how many GOP politicians aimed the Drug War at THEIR OWN KIDS vs let's make this a war #WithFewExceptions ?! 
Why do mass shooters & public shooters keep getting found with legal Rx drugs found in their body? Is violence Pharma's trickle-down effect?
This is the most untruthful administration ever. Americans have no trouble connecting a significant portion of ODs to fake care for Health.
Let us face truth. Much drug dependency/addiction came from healthcare delivery/advertising that was untruthful. Patient is victim not perp.
From tenor & profiteering, I expect GOP to up the drug war game, allow MORE people to fall INTO dependency, maximize harm they suffer&do.
I'm hoping he falls in a sinkhole, but until then we must fight.
TOTAL SUPPORT FOR YOUR PLATFORM AND WHEREVER YOUR POLITICAL LIFE TAKES YOU! -PROUD YOU ARE MY SENATOR!
Please call for the AG's resignation. His involvement in Comey's firing demonstrates that he is incapable of fulfilling his duties.
So introduce a bill legalizing all drug use include in said bill the removal of all taxpayer funds for drug treatment as well #consequences
Criminal Justice is self-explanatory--- we don't need "reform"
Drug war has been a multiple decade failure b/c the fight against drugs starts in the home. Taxpayer pays when the home is negligent.
These people are stuck on "Back in my day" selective memory.
Lock them up. Take a look at the great failure of Ca Prop 47 now criminals don't even get arrested. People need to take responsibility
Does he have investments in for-profit prisons?
Since he is involved n "obstruction" of the investigation, can we get rid of him when 45 finishes getting himself impeached?
@CNN He should step down. If not we need 2treat addicts addictions not treat addicts like criminals they way we did w/crack
This entire administration is abhorrent. Please for the love of God, remove them. Hold them hostage with your votes. Whatever it takes.
Gotta fill up those private prisons.  He's contractually obligated. In AZ they guarantee 100% occupancy.
He's a DOPE! (And the PUN was intended). #outoftoucholdwhitemenarebadfortheusa
The War on Drugs was simply an excuse to incarcerate people of color and continue the oppression of POC in America.  #abolishthewarondrugs
Congress needs to act and remove mandatory minimums immediately
Sessions Translation: Throw the book at minorities that use. But white ppl abusing opiates in the midwest, that's a crisis, need compassion.
When you have old white that live in the past, this is what you get.
How about we tighten the sentences on election fraud and treason, and then we really take a hard look at what Sessions has been up to?
He's a prejudice asshole who wants all black people in jail. Call it what it is.
Your a champion for criminal justice reform unless the criminal is an illegal alien...#nosanctuarycity/state
Forget fighting "this", Sessions has got to go.
He wants to make sure that the prison industry continues to thrive with black and brown labor.
He must resign he lied under oath once and he'll do it/other illegal misconduct, it's all tiny racist bridge trolls know how to do!
Agreed. But how?
You are doing just GREAT in the senate, Senator. Tho you are not my Senator, your ideas will affect my life positively
Will he enforce the law against white rural/suburban wealthy heroine users or only enforce in the inner cities, minority & poor communities?
He is a terrible man who should have resigned for lying to thecSenate. How do we fight these policies?
#harriscastro2020
Once again you're bringing MUCH needed visibility to Sessions's terrible policies and character. Thank you for your leadership!
#sessions always believed the south would rise again. The prison industrial complex is his path back to legal #slavery

#nonviolentcrimes
100 %!!!
Is your party really Pro Lawlessness. You pretend Hillary is innocent.  You allow illegals to kill Americans and do not want to punish crime
So many front lines.
He means max 4 drug offienses of minorities, then sent to private prisons so he and his pals profit. That's his goal. He needs to resign.
The policy he's pursuing targets Black people.
Got to fill up those private prisons somehow.
It's all about filling private prisons and keeping minorities from voting, nothing more.
How about tougher laws for corruption, perjury, and obstruction of justice??
There would be no Dems. The DNC would have to disband
How many people have you watched overdose on herion?
We are counting on you to do this.  That's why we elected you.  Let us know what we can do to help. Criminal justice reform is a priority.
Beauregard loves private prisons
thank you for all you do! Thank you for fighting hard for Californians and all Americans
Because he's stuck in the 1950s. He should resign, he violated the recusal and has the audacity to challenge other people's integrity????
Timing (Yes) Perfectly; Sen. Kamala Harris of CALIFORNIA ; The minute 1, @CNN yesterday as well , TRUTH ; Always!
Jeff Sessions is old south he can never change he was from birth trained by his parent s to hate
Sessions' train of thought are as old as his ear hairs. Would like to see stats on how tougher penalties have a positive affect on drug use.
Sessions is a FAILURE and not fit to do his job! He should step down!
#thenewjimcrow  "nothing new under the sun." You know as a former Prosecutor little fish plea bargain, little fish plea bargain same ole
I agree what can be done?
Everyone can tell their Reps. to remove Sessions for his perjury, his bigotry, and all of the other harm he has done.
Standing with you!
How about asking those of us actually IN healthcare what we think?
Sessions needs to resign!! Ask if he has recused from Manafort???
