@co_rapunzel4 @Mooncatadams @cherokeesher2 #Veterans Meanwhile, Back to the Treasonous Trump/Pence White House https://newrepublic.com/article/143586/trumps-russian-laundromat-trump-tower-luxury-high-rises-dirty-money-international-crime-syndicate …
...wonder if Republicans will do anything once evidence is presented confirming treasonous acts by whiner-in-chief.
Where's the evidence you've been looking for a year
Let's start with obstruction of justice, treason, colluding with an enemy nation, abuse of power, intimidation....
No proof of Any of it but nice try! By the way would have to be at war to commit treason
Lol lol lol what has this administration done other than offend you personally?? That you have proof or evidence of?
Judges can use their own discretion and make trans-national gangs prove monies didn't come from felonious sources. Your bill is a non-issue.
Our next President of United States
..waving at the Future Madame President
Hillary has a better chance  in 2020
Nawww
Well Kamala has zero chance! I hope she does run would guarantee a GOP win
What about when determining to prosecute them, or does that hinge on whether they donated to you or not?
What is your point? I'm pretty sure this was discussed yesterday! She couldn't come up with the evidence, moved on to other cases!
Attacking Democratic Leaders while country is in turmoil, democracy dying, shows you are not a true #Patriot! Focus on #TRUMPRUSSIA #SAVEUSA
We need to focus on Trump now for sure we can come back to this later but I promise you Kamala Harris is not without problems
When we had the primary here in CA and she ran against Loretta Sanchez many were upset Brown endorsed her: I wanted Sanchez
Santa Clara county is terrible. One public defender told me what they r doing is Unconstitutional. It breaks my heart. What do I do?
Too bad we don't have some sort of over-whelming anti-fraud hammering all going on in a USDC because Alternate Def.Epps/SCCo.+ DA = contempt
Only in the US a lawyer could use a term such as "affluenza" to justify rich people crimes. Money and wealth are the true gods in this age.
Now days people don't respect the system,free meals, tv, etc is what people joke about. What deters them from doing it again?and again?
Senator....please admit it....you just want their illegal votes.  Very simple.
COWARD
#BailReform
Coming from a bail bondsman, hard to take this 4 anything other than fear of losing business.
Never heard that 1 before. Come intern a week, see the inmates, courts and see the smiles of "Free" crime wave. #BailReform
This is Abt non violent shit like possession of pot or dui or things that pple are sitting in jail for bcuz they can't make bail.
So you condone smoking pot and driving drunk & not taken to jail or no jail at all?
Or time in jail. A fine. A dui will cost individual a shit ton 4 a first offense already. Extensive hail time is counter productive
You're advocating for people that make a CHOICE commit a crime. Court, jail, fines and bail can all be avoided with better choices
Pple make mistakes. Why shd 1 mistake destroy their whole life? Especially if they can't make bail. I'm advocating for common sense.
Much to respond to here. Let's start w/ "economic justice" and "common sense" arguments and apply those to min wage
Where do you get your stuff??
Great bill!
We need Kampala Harris repeal!!
Agree 
I agree this is a program that would benefit the community
I'm with you - comprehensive bail reform. Freedom shouldn't be driven by profit motives.

How about bail being set based on what one earns? This way the poor can afford it rather than the impossibility of affording it.
Yes! This makes so much more sense than a "risk-assessment"
So if you're poor but accused of murder, your bail should be less? That's not very sound
Instead of saying 'no' to a suggestion, how about coming up with a solution or two? This way the problem can be solved.
Base bail on the crime the person is being accused of like Harris is saying. Drug offenses get small amount. Murders, rapes get high amount
Currently the bail system is encouraging a "debtor's prison", which aids our "for profit jail system". I hope your bill passes.
Why didn't you bring this concept to fruition when you were CA-AG?
Does that mean if Trump were arrested for his crimes he wouldn't get bail since he's a threat to  & flight risk
Makes sense to me. It probably will save the criminal justice system $ by not having to pay to incarcerate people before trial
Sounds good but I don't trust anything she says and BTW isn't that O.R.? Which is already in place?
Thank God for people that talk common sense. To many people spend time in jail unnecessarily. 
The judicial system is archaic.
Private prisons, prison contractors, bail bondsmen... just a way to extract wealth for them ...
Sadly nearly everything in our justice system is determined based on wealth  :(
That's questionable. Why is because money can do lots."MONEY TALKS"
I truly can not wait to vote for you for President of the United States.
All this talk about poor people...  Makes me so upset that I need to go meditate on the golf course...
Yes!!
Pay to play. Cops have to fill the empty cells in privatized jails, and collect fees to keep the system going.
$$$$buys justice
 I agree
Never heard a congressperson mention our medieval jail bailout system before 
Senator , they should have respected the law. You are trying to close the door after the cow has been stolen
You completely ignored the point. Go back and re-read. This is about wealthy receiving bail much easier for them to afford. #SAD
You need to understand criminal system. You commit a crime and want bail, it's up to the judge.... understand?
You don't get it. She makes a very important point that completely escapes your ability to comprehend. I tried. You're helpless.
so you are saying the safety of the victim, or the public. Rich or poor has nothing to do with it.
ONLY if you are a Citizen, not every damn camel jocky that enters our borders from who the hell knows where? What are you smoking girl?
Unfortunately Donald Trump's lawbreaking is an example of White Rich Folks getting away without impunity He was right he could shoot someone
no we don't need bail reform
#KamalaHarris2020 #Kamala2020
This was over 25 years ago and the emotional and physical scars and pain caused by excessive bail of 25K caused me to lose everything.
All of this was because I was poor and Law Enforcement placed Money on fellow immates books to have me killed. I had to fight for my life.
Excessive Bail and an Abusive no contact order killed my Son his last wish was to die in my arms. I violated a court order to give him that.
Ian N Ferbert died in my arms at one years old while in CPS custody at Riley Children's Hospital In Indianapolis IN. One year later.
25K was my bail for 3 counts of Negliect of a dependant Because I'm disabled And Was making repairs to the house . The Kids are 24 and 20 !
I totally agree with you I lost my children because of Excessive Bail By the time I got out to fight back CPS had them up for adoption.
Thanks for the positive idea for improvement, Sen. Harris.
I was with you until you got to "Rand Paul". Just no. NO D should try to normalize that level of crazy in our gov't. He seeks to seem normal
Supportive  Not at risk working individuals espcially with family no background of criminal activity,no  should be let go  to court .
We need to reform our overall prison system... Remember when we pointed out how many people were in Russian jails...
Common sense really. Doesn't always happen.
NOT ONLY IS THE IDEA GREAT BUT SHE ALSO HAS A REPUBLICAN FOR IT AS WELL! UNBELIEVABLE!!! WAY TO GO SENATORS!!!
I agree with you; How about if you're found not guilty, you get $200-$500 from the state treasury?
That'll keep everybody nearby.
#news
I love your policy tweets and want to campaign for you when you run!!!
Thank You 4 all your work 2 make laws fair!Your needed now more than ever before!Especially with Mien Kampf trump &Swamp Rats Cabinet!
Law 4 rich &Law 4 poor!Two different laws!
How about don't commit crimes in the 1st place, what a novel idea. DEMs like you say it's not right to throw them in jail they have families
flight risk and the ability to do so should obv be a piece of the bail study.. ig income could fairly factor in here
Senator did you ever hear of being arrested because they may be a potential warrant?
@majesticjkl
Simple COMMON sense people.
Alinsky your Mentor says if you want a Social State you have to Pitt the Poor against the Rich....
They are aware of the cards being stacked against , guess who?
And if they are a flight risk?
Throw in an end to the current civil asset forfeiture system, and I actually agree. 
Welcome to libertarianism.
KH for the WH #Harris2020
Yes.  And also whether they are considered a flight risk...
@SenKamalaHarris Please run for president.
Keep up the good work, Senator!
My god, Kamala - we need SYSTEM reform! What's a "crime?" How to "detain/bail?" How to determine apply true justice, not just incarcerate.
Hmmm, I thought she is a former prosecutor, doesn't she know how our system works? If you are rich, you are definitely treated differently

Anyone who disputes this doesn't know how the rippling of poverty effects how minorities in particular are mistreated in the legal system
Canada has a system like this where offenders are released on "Recognizance" usually with conditions. If the person is a risk? Not released.
you've find more damage than you will ever know
You are so articulate.  Please run in 2020
Absolutely! !  Ms Kamala.  
wow...go for it....
You want to change the rules for detaining people based on your opinions. What are the facts to support your argument ?

Excuse me but the average person can only afford about 10 minutes of a lawyer's time. That won't buy them much due process.
I appreciate you ...
YOU SHOULD ALSO LOOK INTO " THE PROBATION SYSTEM" THAT FEED OFF POOR PEOPLE ESPECIALLY THE MENTALLY  ILL!
Thank you for you leadership!
So true, that makes it look like screw the community and we just want to make some money. No matter the cost to others. Disrespectful
Please, slow down on being in front of the camera so much (like Mr. opportunistic C.B.) you're admired by many-your time will come.
HARRIS IS A GREAT POLITICIAN
That's right. 
So #LocKushnerUp
Sen. Harris, that is a moot point at this point in the game. Maybe later. Are you drumming up advertising for a future campaign run?
IMPEACH, INCARCERATE ALL I MENTIONED. U MORE THAN ENOUGH TO LOCK THEM UP LIFE.
BEAUTIFUL PROFILE PIC. JUDICIAL SYSTEM CORRUPT.   STOP DEPORTATIONS. EVEN IN PRISON KIDS CAN GO SEE PARENTS, NOT DEPORTED.
@neverquiet1 BEAUTIFUL, WISH I MET YOU 30 YEARS AGO WHEN I WAS KING KONG ON TOP OF EMPIRE STATE. WE RULED WORLD.
Love Harris!  Want her to run in 2020....
Your voice resonates & you've stayed with us directly. We need 20 more strong Senators like you and 50 strong people oriented reps in House
You are awesome!
Yes Ms. Harris, let's all take example from Nova(queen sugar) by Ava. Communities can come together, donate, help bail the innocent. #We can
Nor should those under suspicion have their home and savings confiscated to enrich the police & take away their ability to defend themselves
So very true!
UR r doing a FANTASTIC JOB...!!!!
It's the bondsman that's going to go against this, they earn their bread and butter off misery.
You preach with one hand and condemn with the other.
http://www.dailywire.com/news/14908/kamala-harris-office-collaborated-planned-hank-berrien … But if it upsets your liberal agenda you gladly change the law to punish minor crimes. Zero morals typical dem.
Tell us again about people in jail...
Kamala Harris's office kept a man imprisoned for 28 years over simply carrying a weapon in jail over a technicality 
Take your mask off Harris. Palestinians are DETAINED without trial, PREDETERMINED to be risks and are impoverished
Bernie Sanders voted against punishing ordinary Iranians with sanctions just now. Booker, Harris, and Gillibrand voted for it. Wonder why? 
I agree with the Senator. Bail should be based upon risk of causing harm, likelihood of fleeing not how rich, connected defendant is
... how else can we help the Private Prison Club  , to grow and provide return interest  ... ? ... always money  , money  and more Money  ..
As a former prosecutor & AG, @SenKamalaHarris knows what she's talking about & we support this bill!
DEFUND ICE
Kamala in 2020?  Please??
What a stupid statement. How would you know that. Is that discrimination
#Blacks4Revenue @AGPamBondi & @1dca_flcourts #JudgeDonHLester means #ImpeachedCops can fabric8 official rpts w/o #POLY @FBI
So you're basically on theHook w/a predominantly white judiciary "just asking 4 punishment"
NOT LONG!
Extremely well done video...outlined the problem with solid examples and offered a non-partisan solution. When time comes let us know 4 help
Thank you for raising this in a cogent, ongoing way. Absolutely right, urgent, and crucial.
Well said,and very sensible logic
And of course the charges have nothing to do with it.
When does a Citizen Finally pay thr debt to Society?  Why CAN'T EXFELONS VOTE? They've done thr Time. Tax cuts = Less $ 4 Judges & LegalAid
It should be determined by the eight amendment to the constitution.  Everyone is entitled to reasonable bail.  No need for all this other
I you! Thank you for serving you are a shining light in the US Senate #KamalaHarrisPrez2020
President Kamala Harris
Admit it
That shit sound good.
#2020
Yo! Einstein, they were arrested, they were a risk to SOMEONE.
yep ...justice system needs a closer look ...
Disabled Americans detained in institutions NEVER get a trial. @SenKamalaHarris why are you NOT cosponsoring S910? #DIAtoday #ADAPTandRESIST
Whether someone is detained before trial should be determined by whether they're a risk to their community, not whether they're rich. 
All token politics is her idea of gaining voters. She's a fraud progressive, warhawk, dehumanizer, Transphobic, prison for profit shill.
does that still include taking as much as you can from them with both hands? hopes so!!
Really ? Haven't seen you make any comments on your buddy Obama unmasking folks. Where is the outrage from you pathetic big mouth? Silence
Yet you didn't go after anyone in One West.
See: "Affluenza"

See also: "Swimmer, Stanford"

See, further: "Aged actor, Rapist"
Oh no, that would take millions out of #usa #legal system and free many to maintain #employment, #housing and a semblance of livelihood.
Do you know the difference between an immigrant and an illegal alien? Apparently not. @RealJamesWoods
Whenever ur ready. U got my vote
Not mine
Bernie Sanders voted against punishing ordinary Iranians with sanctions just now. Booker, Harris, and Gillibrand voted for it. Wonder why? 
I'm not trying to control ur vote . Do as u please . This is America
@SenKamalaHarris, you inspire. If you run for POTUS in 2020, I will stump my old lady legs off in support in MI-01.
That's the law. But with friends in high places, the law becomes merely a guideline. With no friends in high places- big time prosecution
unfortunately, we have a two tier judicial system,the rich, own this country,set up a system for themselves,+the rest of us get what we have
I support you Senator Harris, but here's the reality of the problem. It's called the Prison Industrial Complex. Making money over Rights.
Please run and put some sanity back in the nation
@Dward88254853 
Actually, bail is designed to insure appearance at trial, not as preventive detention. See Stack v. Boyle Supreme Court Reporter.
I thought this is the point the senator, an attorney, is making.
Amen
Shut up hack
#EndCashBail
Cash bail is what allowed rich mother who fled with #Affluenza son out of country to post bail despite being flight risk.
Rich matters not. Breaking the law gets you arrested. I don't much trust your definition of who is risky. Protect illegals, Sanct cities...
Amen!
I'd dems play it right, Sen. Harris/Sally Yates could be a ticket for 2020. Or Chris Murphy w/either.
Always trying to get the convict vote.  Shows how the democrats are.
Democrats should consider Kamala Harris for President in 2020, she would be an ideal candidate for Madam President
We'll remember that at your hearing .
Rich: hence a flight risk! That's a big reason to detain.
I'd say that anyone arrested for a crime is probably a risk to community.  Breaking the law means you disregard and disrespect  community.
Thank you. The world needs more people like you.
Thanks for civic lesson. You should teach not legislate
Run, Kamala, Run
Or if they're a flight risk, which would be more likely if they're rich.
Anyone else want Senator Harris for POTUS in 2020?

That should also be true for politicians that are a danger not only to the community, but also to the country! We have fine examples ...
But Your Office While AG of California Argued To SCOTUS That Cali Could Not Afford To Lose Cheap Labor & Contracted With GEO Group 
Impeachmet please!!
I was told once by a criminal attorney that money bought justice and if you thought differently, then you were wrong. Sad, right?
You are in the right side of every issue. Doing great work.
Woe, Rand Paul?
thank you
We also need more open-minded employers to hire ex-felons! There's not going to be many people left if this path continues
As always an innovativator & piller of strength & intelligence! Keep up the good work and we are with u!
A thoughtful bill. Thank you Senator @SenKamalaHarris
From the other side of the room: 
Criminal and civil fines could be a percentage of wealth rather than the same amount for everyone.
Civil forfeiture needs to stop. Today. Along with the ramping up of the drug war.
Assessing risk is logical, common in business, industry, medicine, etc. Its all part of informed decision making. Thanks for sponsoring.
@Dagu_Sprachen oh and if you can't pay a traffic ticket &ur given time to pay u make pymnt like probation xtr fees$$
@Dagu_Sprachen absolutely it's usually just a money thing all of it

YOU AND THE REST OF THE CROOKED DEMOCRAPS NEED TO BE IN PRISON CROOKS EVERY LAST ONE OF YOU
Should be...unfortunately not the way it is


Your example of the poor mother shoplifting to get by is hardly the typical Criminal! You are really good at Soros talk
PRESIDENT Harris
Be sure to watch at 18min mark on..
