sincerely asking: HOW IS THIS EVEN LEGAL?!?! because this is one of the most brazenly corrupt moves coming out of #AHCA
ACA has kept me alive. This new plan will kill me & others so tht the gop can hve more cash in pocket.  How ppl r blind to this is shocking
It's been a life saver for me too . Many are not blind to it just a few speak up here !
WTF r u talking about?! No 1 is asking for free stuff! I pay taxes. USA shld take care of its ppl s does all other industrialized nation!
So true
how many times do they have to basically say Let Them Eat Cake before the Trump supporters get it?
Only the government employees will keep ACA.
A typical response thinking everyone not sharing their beliefs must be a lefty.  Step away from the Kool-Aid & grow some brain cells.
No the whole GOP is trying to pull a fast one !
@MSNBC please ask the senators you're interviewing about this article. This is a disgrace. People need to know this little tidbit!
LMAO you're about to get a plan that will cover nothing. Enjoy.
Dude, you're on VA or tricare, right?
You spent twenty years working for the government, right?
Wow.  So much crookidness and greed in this country.
the point of the obfuscatory legalese is to hoodwink the racists who voted for these snakes.
Cruz was born to be a Jerk.??
Again?
Of course it is Kamala... MONEY is their ONLY Motivation...

How about this?

The American HEALTH Act! which will help ALL Financially! #AHA
Loving the Idea, sounds feasible, lets hear all the details, push it forward, loudly.
Liberals did this with Obamacare, why not a disgrace then??
A slap in the face of the American people. How can they look themselves in a mirror. Absolutely a travesty these @SenateGOP
@janedare @voxdotcom healthcare is not hard! Champus (the same plan all government has) for every American. Done! NOW!
Where has "government FOR the people" gone?
Yes but so typical. Why aren't their constituents taking them to task?
They're afraid of their constituents and won't meet with them in person.
everything in your statement is wrong.    Ironic
Where is the effing outrage???
These are the the white hypocritical evangelicals  using God's name to justify their hypocrisy.  Shameful
Why does the allegedly highest body in the land have the lowest morals?
Exactly...perhaps not all but to many.
Hahahahahaha no.
CruzCare is gonna look good. Super cheap policy for young healthies, everyone can or will lose coverage, especially pre's and elder nice TED
Not surprised at all. Jus as expected from GOP!
WTFFFFFF
It is a shame that you support Obamacare and if you wanted to help people, you would support fed employees insurance to everyone
How can ANY Republican (not in Congress) think this is okay? This is so far beyond a spit in our citizens faces. Some ppl R going to hell!
Why aren't Dem Sens coming out with their own plan to improve ACA?  It's fun to watch @GOP implode but how about some answers for once?
DEMS said, this week, let's work at fixing wht is wrong with ACA!! CRICKETS! R's don't want to fix it, they want it gone, too screw us all!!
Hillary already offered her plan to the GOP via twitter because they asked. Here it is again since you asked!
Congess should be part of the program too..im sure you agree
Disgusting
NO NO NO NO NO NO this is wrong on so many levels it's repugnant checks & balance is nowhere to be found
They also did that when O'Care was passed SOP
Yes. Yes it is.
I'm quite sure there's a special kind of hell for this disgraced lot!!
So when are people coming out of the WH in handcuffs??!!

Cruz is an empty suit taking up space.
@BeltwayPanda @voxdotcom par in trumps America
The Democrats have done this many times before, as with OBAMACAREless. Pick & choose your reality. You are part of the SWAMP
@SenAlexander @SenBobCorker please don't be this big a weasel.
I thought disgrace and Cruz were synonyms.
Dems did the same with Obamacare.  You didn't complain then.
Please do not take my Obama care away.
Sad for us to have these guys represent us when they don't give a damn about us !!!
It's identical to what Dems did in ACA
Cruz is a disgrace.
So in other words u get the hamburger that fell on the floor. I'm taking the one still on the grill. Sorry and pathetic ppl voted 4 idiots
We need to remember this because the Republicans will keep on trying to cut OUR access to healthcare.
@ejmjmnmm1 @voxdotcom but not even a little out of character
It is a Disgrace Senator Harris
@tedcruz YOU ARE OUT IN 2018. Texas has had enough of your cruelty, lies, & indiffernce.
This is a joke. These people are public servants, they are not Kings and Queens. Time to knock them off their pedestals. Sick or their shit.
Of course you can't expect Congress to make do with the crappy insurance that will be for the rest of us.  Of course.
Now Now, you have to tell the WHOLE TRUTH!
DESPICABLE!!!
We need to file a federal lawsuit, in the supreme court
Class action suit to impeach this conman.
Absolutely, this homosexual who has ties with Russia, cover up. Both are faggotts
Check out his feed, he's racist too. I'm sure he's a Trump bot, reported him
I doubt he's a trumpling, but yeah, reported him for hate speech, and blocked him. Awful.
Go get them Kamala-   Love watching you in Senate hearings
In the words of Cruz's fearless leader (@realDonaldTrump ) "There goes lying Ted Cruz again" Someone send this man back to  please 
@redolivemartini Hey! That's Ted's middle name. 

Side note. They also exempted themselves from ACA requirements.
Yes, & it's part of the problem. It seems Congress feels no consequences for their actions (or lack thereof when gov shuts down).
Maybe it's only a disgrace because now you will have to PAY FOR YOUR OWN-instead of taxpayers footing the bill
I pay for all my health insurance and my care for my family, and I'm glad to share my wealth to help take care of others. It's called Love
Glad you can afford it-my neighbors monthly premium went from $700 to $1400 my sisters deductible doubled-have 15 more stories like this
Let's fix it! That is not what on whole everyone is experiencing. Depends on State. 95% of the ACA is working well for many.
I have family that lives in 4 different states all experiencing similar -brother in Arizona the worst
Totally agree in changing that for your brother and many! What's the answer? We spend 3Trillion on Healthcare in Total. Not an easy problem!
Thanks for your honesty and true concern-it does make me feel there could be a resolution 
I agree we need to find a resolution! Starts with a dialogue and discussion! Both sides will need to concede something. All the best!
What @GOP @SenateGOP the plan isn't good enough for you? If not good enough for you, then not good enough for the American People!!
A years worth of debate/input from republicans isn't rammed through. Look it up if u don't know that..... stop watching fox if u want truth
How can they look people in the eyes or don't they. Only the ones they know have bought their lies.
But of course. You don't expect elites like @TedCruz to struggle like his constituents, do you?  :\
He's also a TRAITOR
How?
Just another example of the disconnect from the electorate...but unsurprising since really only the votes of monied interests matter
They suck.
disgusting
The Senate Repubs are Pigs! Vote them out!
@senkamalaharris TU for this news. How do we insure our representatives have the same health coverage they vote in for the rest of us?

Shameful.
Unacceptable on any level. How dare they?!
Did anyone expect anything different?
Nope.
Was it a disgrace when the same thing happened under obamacare or was that cool with you then?
A disgrace but no surprise. This is the party of the wealthy elites more than ever.
So are you
I found this out immediately and Tweeted my outrage. It's cruel, inhumane; expected of Dictatorships not USA @SenJohnMcCain @SenFlakeStaff
Please fight this for us!
Self interest, above the people's interests, does not suggest that these are the right people to be making decisions.
Someone has to shot this out from the tallest building..ppl wake up, they will get best coverage and we pay for it.  What a joke
Grrrrr. This Alone shows how bad their health care bill really is! All legislators have a Moral responsibility to vote No on this bill!
I wish someone would slap that weasely smile off Cruz's weasely face.
Disgusting
But you aren't. Kamala 2020!
@IndivisibleTeam we need to push this message. Why won't they use the same healthcare they are forcing on us? Call call call
America's citizens get a nothing burger & Congress gets a Big Mac.
Ask Obama why Obama is not using Obamacare or why no Dem is on it after voting for it?
Yes it is and every voter needs to know this!
May they end up having the same insurance that they are trying to foist on the public.  Please run in 2020.
Disgraceful, but not surprising
@POTUS @tedcruz @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @Reince45 @VP @RandPaul @SenSasse Why are Congressmen more important then we are are. Drain the swamp!
I've been saying, as part of TrumpCare, all Congressmen should be prohibited from government healthcare as an amendment to their bill.
Like that democrats don't do the samething.
Unconscionable.
Disgusting.
How dare they. #rottenassgopsenators
Amoral immoral and inanely unethical
Disgusting and disgraceful.
Oh Look! It's @SenatorCruz talking about his Lucifer amendment designed to kill ppl and/or cause great suffering.
The people have basically become the GOP's "Flowers in the Attic."

They will kill us if we don't fight like hell.
@GOP This is what is wrong with your party, you put personal gain and petty partisan politics over the American people. There is no defense.
This is what they do!
Liberals like u think obamacare is so great i want that shit.out of my taxes and dont wanna be forced to buy the crap
They dont care about the people they are suppose to serve.
This makes me sick to the core.
Uhoh... precious Ivancka is Friday's focus. Let the games begin hehheh
That should be reason enough to vote them out in 2018! It's time we all play on a level field!They already make enough money off our taxes!
Vultures! Eat off the dying.
No surprise. And yes - a disgrace
They know what shit their bill is, and how it will treat people. They don't want to be treated the way they treat everyone else.
@Lawrence @voxdotcom 
Immunity from the negative consequences of their actions=outrageous injustice and cowardice. No skin in the game should=no vote.
What's good for the little, isn't good enough for our Republicans. Disgusting!

didn't it have to be done this way because of the way the original aca was passed? Going for headlines instead of telling whole truth. SAD
@finney @maddow @amjoyshow @thesalsa3344 I think that all the Major News Media sources should confront the Republicans 1 on 1 regarding this
situation and make them state why they should keep the 'Obamacare (ACA) that they currently have, while trying to pass a Bill to take it
away from tens of millions of other Americans, especially since they all claim to hate Obamacare so much!
Both exemption and the idiot standing in the middle of the picture
Surprise they didn't raise their salaries
Every day is another smash and grab for Republican representatives. It's absurd.
Dems exempt themselves from ObamaCare!!! Give me a break!
No shame. 

So... no reelection.
@amyklobuchar @alfranken As a Senator, can you opt out of Senate Healthcare Options and take what the rest of the citizens are offered?!?!?


The hypocrisy is unsurprising.
If the health insurance is good enough for their constituents then it's good enough for them! Thank you for being strong! I'm woman crushing
The Ancien Régime had better optics.
Your refusal to seek Justice for Espinoza and his family is a disgrace.
@kimwim @voxdotcom 

Most of what this admin. Does is disgusting!
The real disgrace will be if they pass their murderous Wealth Care bill, decimating Medicaid funds & taking insurance from millions.
Vile GOP crap piling up day after day. Where's the wrath? Where's the blowback? Where are the goddam protesters? Do some democracy, people!
Assessing Americans, and stealing for them, they don't work and make so much money but always on vacations
What a crock
#Trumpcare
Trump base WAKE UP these are NOT Christian ideals- read the Bible- WWJD? Not ANY of this!
So they get to keep Obamacare and we don't.
They exempted themselves from the ACA as well. They still have roughly same ins plans from BEFORE Obamacare. They're special.
The kicker is they don't pay for their health insurance plans. They get that entitlement paid for by  taxpayers who may lose their coverage!
Key word: Entitlement. But, we mere citizens are not entitled.
Ted Cruz is a FRAUD.. If he knew tB 4 he list to  that guy he would have exploited it #FRAUD
This one's so great even the crafters won't sign on. 
America this health-bill is so bad your Republican/GOP leaders are keeping ObamaCare
Why doesn't Congress just give Americans the healthcare coverage that they enjoy ? Wouldn't that be simple enough ?
Thank You, Senator, I agree completely.We will fix this in the next few elections, but thank you for helping during this bad time.
These are amoral jerks who don't understand or care - apparently - about the damage they are about to do. #ShameOnTheGOP
Further proof the GOP knows Trumpcare is a pile of shit...they won't accept it as their medical insurance...
Also known as Standard Operating Procedure for Republicans.
Really unbelievable
So you're telling me that the house & senate exempt themselves from that phony tax cuts for the rich lying Trumpcare stupid plan!  Really 
WTH kind of CORRUPT ppl hv been elected? There are no words as to the disgust I feel towards the GOP My Father's Party No More
It is so wrong! If their plan is good enough for us it should be good enough for them & their families! There should be a law against this.
So kamala what insurance do you have?
Of course
I believe this:
And yet the Dems can't beat these guys Senator.They find a way to blame left, and Dems will let them.
Their scumbags who don't understand they get voted in by the very people they're taking healthcare away from.
Sen., Please forward this article about VP Pence misleading Govs about Ohio Medicaid to Sen. Portman.. http://www.cincinnati.com/story/news/politics/2017/07/14/kasich-gop-obamacare-replacement-still-unacceptable/479071001/ …
Typo. Knew this before
absolute disgrace!That's why it's so easy for them to make these changes, it doesn't affect them! I'm so sick of this shit!
Who the fuck do they thjnk they are??
Isn't that business as usual?
The GOP does this Shit right out in front of everyone too? No Conscience!
Senators/Congressman are citizens, too, & shld not be exempt from #Trumpcare, or any care placed on US people. #ACA #Healthcare @SenateDems
Don't that happen, what is wrong with Congress, Americans are treated like crap but these a___holes are royalty, what is happening to us
Right...they undercut healthcare for all in order to benefit from tax cut, but make sure they aren't affected themselves. Nice people.
Perfectly sums up the @SenateGOP
@GOP why do you want to retain protections from a bill that's collapsing? #32million of your voters are trusting you!
Pure GOP! And they want rent $$$$ too!
Senate and Representatives should be required to have same healthcare as constituents. No special plan.
Well, you can just opt out then. Act on your upright words. And pay premiums with big deductibles for you and fam, k?
Thank you...its amazing how self-absorbed politicians have become.
Put it on a billboard on every corner in states that voted for Trump.
@GOP killing Americans.

Do u think they don't know  their constituents won't be happy abt their exemption?  They will after we keep reminding them. Vote them out!
Is more than a disgrace is a disaster!!
Our nation is going downhill with this government!!!  This is make America disgrace
This is SICKENING!!!
Disgusting
I agee as a Repub my party s/b embarrassed to even say Cruz because his ammendment = cruelty nothing less than shamefull cruelty  appalled
Traitors and Douchebags
What do these GOP actions tell us about the quality of this bill?  Beyond shameful.
This is how the base of the party feels about @SenKamalaHarris #FuckHer #HillBot #SinglePayer #OurRevolution
Just proves what a piece of  this bill really is. Not good enough for them but just ducky for us. F@@KERS!!!!
I'm sure you're referring to 2009 as well…?
#fight for us
Bigly

