Kaity is dying, I don't have $ to give her my Kidney!Glad you can afford insurance, most of us can't https://www.gofundme.com/3no5a8g  Americans Dying
You should be on The Unaffordable Care Act just like the rest of us #DrainTheSwamp  #votehimout 
Aye! So the adage is true then? Misery loves company?
Also. We share something with the wealthy. "Entitlement." Yes I am broad-brushing.
Correction. There is some study on how  self-entitlement can be established. I say it's passed on by certain parents.
So what? This crook like Trump want $$$ he votes no on healthcare YES on TAXES, people still won't have $$ health care
Again, thank you Senator.
Thank you for not supporting that horrendous bill. Please convince your fellow GOP members to vote NO as well!!!
A hero for the people once again.  Thank you, Senator McCain.
Senator you are still my hero but I believe Graham Cassidy is at least the start. Without a starting point we are floundering around again for years.
He speaks about good conscience yet he stiff the middle class as he gives money to the RICH 1% - 1 TRILLION+ debt
You're a gentleman Sir. Once again you do your country proud.
Don. Jphn    en mi  chile. Hay mucha  corrupción.  De. Que manera  ayudar.
John did u feel the same way when the Democrats forced O Bama care down our throats?
Fight on, good sir! You are a warrior in the battle for sanity. (I am also in a boot and hate it).
Thank you Senator McCain for standing in your integrity!  Let this be part of your legacy.
Ol johnny didnt vote cuz hes anti yrump. Hea bought to get busted with crooked hillary too
ALL. REPUBLICANS NEED TO BE IN A MENTAL HOSPITAL FOR LIFE TOTAL FREE OF CHARGES
Good conscience? You?
RINO
ALWAYS A TRUE HERO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I love you senator McCain and always will for standing up for the least of us
I love you senator McCain and always will for standing up for the least of us
so now we have an exec order that is neither Rep or Dem vetted and will make people lose their insurance. Congress needs to 25 Trump.
Retire please
You have a conscience, good to know. I guess keeping your word doesn't apply.
thank you.  why don't your colleagues in the GOP care to admit that's how it's supposed to work?
I remember when you were the nation’s hero. Now you’re back and fighting again.
Senator McCain... I am praying for you as you represent the best of America and I am not a Republican so it is not a partisan opinion
Thank you. And keep pissing him off. He needs to be gone.
Senator McCain thank you for your service but it's time to resign and give someone else a chance. I am disappointed no Graham-CS +vote

You have a conscience?  Then stop taking out your personal beef with @POTUS on ALL AMERICANS.
#RepealObamaCare
Where is Sen McCain's repeal Obamacare bill? He campaigned on repeal. Stop complaining & come up w/a plan, its YOUR job! #MAGA
Here’s a plan; let People fund & choose their own candidates, do no more $hunting. Buckminster Fuller: a new model makes (E) model obsolete.
it. None. Zero. Zilch. Repeal it, put it down, then knock yourself out with bi-partisanship to come up with a replacement. But first, REPEAL
McCain, if I recall correctly, Obamacare was passed without a SINGLE Republican vote. As such, there's no need for bi-partisanship to repeal
Used to think you were a hero what happened to you?  Don't wish anything bad for you..  but really sad to see u go out this way
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain & best wishes for a speedy recovery America is rooting for you! 
You cannot, in good conscience, vote for anything good because you have no conscience. You're a brainless . #HealthcareReform #RINO
@MikeEmanuelFox Thanks "comrad" for continueing to screw over the american people.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=UR8CkAaiEXs …

Give it 30 seconds thats all I ask!
Tell the truth John you're not voting for it because Trump wants it pasted you're a hypocrite you're a failure and I'm glad you're not running again because I would not vote for you
Follow your Conscience good Sor.
Senator McCain; thank you for your courage at this time, on this issue.Your outstanding contributions to USA are honorable.
Way to go @SenJohnMcCain .  The way to fix this is traumatic though:  Ban Insurance altogether.  The middle-men = Cost inverse to quality
Thank you Senator.  I am praying for you.
Thank you for not voting for Graham-Cassidy. Some of the most vulnerable populations will be spared.
Most surprising thing you've said in the last decade, thought you and graham were buddy buddy. Maybe with that brain cancer fixed you'll return to sanity? If so, please team up with @RandPaul for a repeal and replace solution. Please! -85142
Sorry your ill but it would be a good thing to help with this tax bill that would do so much to help the American people!
Thank you Senator.  I hope you feel better soon

Thank you again!  too few GOP with consciences and regard for diversity today. Thank you - needless, but I will say: too bad u not Pres now
SHUT UP!!! UVE DONE NOTHING FOR ARIZONA BUT U GAVE SECRETS AWAY TO THE BAD GUYS. U MUST DISSAPPER. WORTHLESS
George Washington is very proud of your vote.  
He's old retire please
As a Dem In 2008 I was ready to respect you as POTUS.  I still trust and respect you.  I don't respect many in the GOP anymore. Thank you.
Resign Mr. McCain
I regret giving you my vote. #wonthappenagain #retire
You seem to do this on everything the Trump Administration tries to do...
John McCain is a good man...!!
so glad you never got elected. Your true colors are now showing. Lies lies lies....ill pray for your soul
You're an idiot John
If more congressional members were like you, I'd still be a Republican. Thank you for standing up to the swamp monsters.
Thank you, Senator McCain, for your decency & courage. There's something amiss w/most of the rest of GOP senators & congress members.
You represent the people of Arizona. It would benefit your constituency! Get a clue!
I think U.S. Senator John McCain should be on ObamaCare!
Thank you so much!  Hero yet again!
Thank You John Mcain  for your service. Past present and future My American Hero..strong courageous intelligent a real person for we the ppl
Whatever beef you have with the President is hurting the American people.  I bet your getting great healthcare!
Thank you for your continued service, sir. 
The Current ACA should now be called John McCare Bill, since he voted to keep ACA in place, of something better.  So much for your promise.
So why not vote for it (since it was better then the ACA Bill) to improve our conditions, and get rid of a worse bill?????????
Thank you for being a voice of good conscience for the American people. We need more support like yours on both sides. God Bless
Thank you from this family w/pre existing stuff. 
A well revered Nigerian clergy was quoted as saying: "All politicians are liars & shouldn't be trusted". I love u get over your issues plz.
google McCain lands plane on air craft carrier ,kills 176 seamen ,has terminal cancer , age 80, his talk on health care is selfish on U.S.A.
How is he selfish on health care? As a senator he gets great insurance anyway. And with the cancer he has, likely not long time to enjoy it.
hi Nina , as a cancer servivor i was bankrupt , senator will get the best of the best &could afford to pay cash if need b ,he is not onboard
Mr. McCain I sincerely pray that the Senate Vote to have you return home to Arizona. You LIED to America for 7 yrs. RESIGN!!!
Nobody said you had a "Good" conscience. We all know its all out of spite. Just remember, O'Care was not passed bi-part. #BSEXCUSE
I will never vote for you again you lied about repeal and replace Obamacare only to benefit yourself.  You are no different than Obama.
How much effort have you made McCain? Why dont you put your name on it whenn it is the way you want it.
So were where you for 7 years Senator McCain, you campaigned to repeal and replace Obamacare, what efforts did you make to get it right?
Thank you Sir!!!
Every day I love you more, Senator.
He's in a good spot right now. He can speak his mind and conscience! He's not being bought out by big money who buy and control their guys.
A true hero
You are a good man. Standing up for the good of all. May God bless you.
I just want to Thank You so much for doing the right thing.  I had just said those same words & then it came across my news that U did also
YOU KNOW THAT A BIPARTISAN LAW WILL NEVER WORK OUT! THE DEMOCRATS WANT TO KEEP OBAMACARE AND GOP WANTS IT GONE! WAKE-UP JOHN! SERIOUSLY!
THE RAND PAUL'S AND THE TED CRUZ'S WILL N E V E R VOTE TO JUST THROW MORE MONEY AT OBAMACARE! THATS ONLY THING DEMOCRATS WANT! H E L L O ??
Thank you!
in good conscience resign
Very Poor Decision Dems are obstructionists You know that.  What is really up with you.  Your legacy is to sink Health Care Reform Sad??
That's why I love John McCain!!!!
@SenJohnMcCain Thank you for your bravery, conscience, service, grace, integrity and saving my faulty heart
Where was your damn principle then?
Yeah there was tons of bipartisan support when this travesty was ram rodded down our throats.  Lying hypocrite do you hear the drain sucking
Thank you Senator McCain, you’re a good man. Wish there were more men like you in government.
Senator, you obviously plan to retire and simply want to get back at Pres Trump for campaign stmts against u. Self-centered much?
Like Dems who approved #Obamacare w/o 1 single @GOP vote, including yours.  Your hate for #Trump > than your love of US people.
You don't care about the people, you only want to get back at the President of the USA!
IF MY PEOPLE HUMBLE THEMSELVES, PRAY, SEEK MY FACE, TURN FROM THEIR WICKED WAYS, I WILL HEAR FROM HEAVEN, FORGIVE THEIR SINS. 2 CHRON. 7:14
Thank you!
thank you John McCain for your courage to make decisions based on ethics and need for clarity about consequences. Great man!!
Thank You
You miss the point. That isn't the end, it goes to conference to flush out differences and come up with a final bill. You don't know that!!!
Thank you Senator McCain. We agree.
Leave the party you are as harmful to America as Obama was. #TraitorMcCain
Thank you.
Thank you, Senator McCain, for truly caring.
What you really mean is waste 4-5 years debating this in the senate and taking as many vacations as possible to not actually change anything
Senator McCain, thank you for your military & political service 4 our country. And for doing the right thing on the latest healthcare bill.
Thank you Senator McCain. You are our hero yesterday, today and always.
Your nothing but a miserable traitor, as usual, Yah you work for the people? YOU NEVER DID  so quit lying or bragging
Your dedication to the health & wellbeing of the people trumped (no pun intended) going along party lines. #integrity #hero
Even tho I'm a Democrat, I have great #Respect for everything you have done for & for the good of our country.
Thank you for your integrity and listening to your constituency.
yeah, that's cool. I'll just keep paying my record high insurance premiums,  and still not be able to afford the deductible.
you are really courageous. Its a thing of appreciation
You are a Maverick! I worked the art crew on your movie filmed in NOLA. Proud to have done it!
Question Sen McCain -have you seen or solicited any cooperation from the Democrats to work seriously in a bipartisan fashion on this?
Thank you, Mr. McCain! You are our Hero!!!!!!
Thank you, senator McCain! Thank you.
Thank you for sane and balanced leadership. Trump is not my POTUS. I will follow you b4 him.
You need to step down! You are a liar, and you are making things very difficult to get this country back on track! Time to hang your cleets!
A man who doesn't care about AZ. You spoke of counties with one or even no coverage. Is that better yet? What do they do waiting for change?
Campaign didn't mention those needs. I distinctly remember repeal & replace though. Politician doing/saying what it takes to get reelected.
So if u want to be so stubborn, just announce the policy changes u want and get off procedural high horse.
Which is why you should do whatever it takes to repeal Obamacare, Mr. McCain. Bi-partisan it was not! Hypocrisy abounds.
Bravo. Thank You for thinking of the least of us. A nation should be judged by how they treat the least able to care for themselves.
Thank you! #Hero
God will take you soon John, may he have forgiveness in his heart. You are hurting many hard working Americans
He doesn't care! He got rich from funneling money. His net worth is $21M? How the hell can you get that rich from making $174K per year? NOT
Thank you Mr. McCain for being a sane conservative voice. I thought that had all but disappeared.
Thank you for standing strong!!
Thank you isn't enough! Ur ability 2 look past party lines & stand up 4 basic human rights is invaluable! though scarce in politics now. TU!
Thank you, thank you, thank you, Sen. for putting country before party.  May God bless you and heal you.  Many hugs.
you were one my great heros now i am even starting your milatary record from vin
Bad decision
GOP total failures out of time and out of excuses gosh I am so glad my employer has HC and off that O.C $__t  Way toomuch $$$
Thank you, from the great state of Georgia!
So funny that you have a conscience. Don't be what we all know, you just HATE all that Trump is trying to do, admit it,  ENVY
Senator McCain remembers his oath to serve the people. Debate, advise and consent. A real American hero for USA.
because your brain is turning to mush as we speak; my dentist lived 6 months, time is almost up for you, repent and ask God to forgive you
#ThankYouMaverick
You campaigned and were elected on Obamacare repeal. You betrayed your constituents and those of us who financed you.
I guess we should have waited for the Democrats to get rid of Jim Crow laws? Bad laws are bad laws and should be replaced like bad Senators.
Good job traitor
Thank you, @SenJohnMcCain !
Don't know what your end game is john. Soon, you will be less than irrelevant. Vote for us working Americans. Put your vendettas aside!
so where you been the last 7 years?  what have we been paying you for? nothing? absolutely nothing?  Worst Senator ever, selfish and greedy
thank you @SenJohnMcCain for your principled opposition to Graham-Cassidy!
Thank you, @SenJohnMcCain , for doing the right thing. You and your family are in my thoughts as I pray for your health.
Thank you for saving many lives
Thank you, Senator.
So SenMcCain, if the bill's no good, WHAT do you propose? Go ahead put it out there for everyone to see. YOU'VE GOT A PLAN RIGHT?
Senator McCain you are an American hero in every way. Thank you so much for standing up for US on the health care bill @realDonaldTrump
Thank you, Senator McCain.
Thank you Senator McCain for your courage.  #ProtectOurCare  #NoOnGrahamCassidy.
Although I appreciate your service and sacrifice, it is time for you to move on. In this instance you disappoint me tremendously!
We do not know how Graham-Cassidy will effect us, we wont get another 51 vote chance. We will lose house and senate if we dont vote yes
Americans all know that your betrayal is due to your feelings hurt by Trump. He was calling you out because you are flip.flopping
Thank you Sir! You'll have my admiration and respect forever...  
You've had almost 8 years to figure this out! Get over yourself!!
Thank you!
Ya gotta have some love for this guy. 
Thank you for your moderate views!
Thank you Senator McCain for opposing G-C bill. My daughter is 45 yo and mentally and physically handicapped. You helped her life.
Why don't you do us all a favor & switch parties now?
Thank you! I will always remember ur service to the nation, ur support for gun control, & ur principled stand against Graham-Cassidy
Nice...
Thank you Senator McCain. You continue to serve and protect. We are grateful.
People with preexisting conditions can't get kicked to the curb help us Senator!
Stand America strong fight for us NO on this health bill. Thank you!!!
Democrats will NEVER compromise on Obamacare repeal. You should know by now. If you really want to serve your country you will vote yes.
Vote yes and lead the effort to amend this.
Thank you for standing up for America and having the courage to do what is right for this country.
Thank you senator McCain, for standing for people instead of the bottom line
Thank you Senator McCain  Repair and restore the ACA to the original bill.  @indivisible_la
Thank you, Senator McCain. You ARE a great man in a not so great White House.

A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
Thank you for putting American lives above party politics.
Anxiously waiting for your proposed legislation then.  You owe it to your constituents.   How many times did you promise repeal again?
Zero integrity douche bag
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
Thank you for standing up for me when my Senator won't.
