Our only hope is that you follow through with the most vigorous and most tenacious effort. This president and his ideology must be stopped.
But Hillary is above the law then?
You assume a lot. Who I voted for is NOYB. '45' is the issue we were discussing.
You didn't vote. After women put their lives and careers at risk for you to get the right to vote? You unappreciative people are exactly
You wrongly assume (again) that I didn't vote. Try again.
Listen lady, you should wear your vote with pride. You are an American for christs sake. You should wear your beliefs with dignity
I do wear my beliefs w/pride. I don't force others to adopt them. They have their own.
At least we can both agree that conspiracy theorists are the best human beings. Putting own lives at risk for greater good
I don't agree w/that. Alex Jones is a paid shit-stirrer who sits back & watches the debris fall. #notafan
While you are at it, why don't you file a lawsuit to hold Hillary accountable, Obama accountable and the rest of the criminals in govt.?!
Such total and complete libtards- you need to RE-READ the federalist papers idiots this clause DOES NOT pertain to the president lmao duh
Maybe if you were actually able 2 understand the purposes for these clauses bc it pertains to AMBASSADORS and such!! NOT THE PRESIDENT! Lol!
What happened to that huge gold medallion given to Trump in Saudi Arabia??? Worth a fortune! 
What about the American public suing him for undue stress?
I'm with you. Every time I read something else my blood pressure rises.
I think I'm getting PTSD from sphincter.
I'm becoming a big fan along with millions of other Americans. Will you be announcing your intention to run for President in 2020 soon? :)
Most importantly, you forgot the part about educated, intelligent and qualified! Geez guys!
Accountable for WHAT??  You lost the damn election.. Time to get over it and stop with the nonsense and bogus search for wrong doing.
OH-and btw libtard geniuses, article 2 pertains to the president, hello!?! Emoluments clause is in article 1, NOT ARTICLE 2 not 1 letter!!
Thank god 
I'm so sick of this man pissing on our constitution
I hear he likes that sort of thing
How has Trump "p¡ssed" on the Constitution?
Oh god one of you people. Get out of here. You know the garbage trump is pulling. He will be impeached. Start crying now
Can CA join Maryland and DC's lawsuit too?
lawsuit for what?Isn't the double standard great, all of bho & hrc corruption/scandals they got away with. but now nobody is above the law 
There is an article right there for you to read & educate yourself. It's for his violations of the Emoluments Clause of the Constitution
There is absolutely no comparison between 45's abuse of the Presidency and what you imagine HRC's corruption to be.  She lost, get over it!
And I'm not comparing bho to Hillary ?  Lmao what are you talking about. I'm comparing obama many violations of constitution to trumps NONE!


Where were these "Constitutionalist" libtards when obama was changing obamacare after it was already voted 4? Huh?Huh? That's just 1 example
Apparently all taught by the libtards of public schools- all the while sitting in the back of the class dreaming of looting and rioting.
Thank you for your tenacity!
It feels like he is above the law. After all, he's still in the White House
Give it time, justice is not often swift, but this time I do believe they are being thorough and he's going DOWN!!!!!!!
Why is Hiliary still free???  Oh, that's right, Loretta Lynch.
Hillary: Investigated & cleared. Team Trump:Just getting started and the lying bastards R going DOWN! Watergate was just a warm-up for this.
No, Lynch met Willy on the tarmac, conversed in plane, Comey drops further investigation/questioning of HRC. She was never cleared.
Thank you! Have seen very little of this on the news. Gotta get the word out.
Lock him up!!!  Lock him up!!!
What about you "accidentally" releasing donor data? Hypocrite.
You commies. Didn't do that to obama .....you sicken me
What about the campaign funds involving you and the other corrupt politician @MaxineWaters You two are pathetic
There ya go! Kamala Harris for President! 2020!!!! !!!!!BUYA!!!!
Standing ovation! Take a bow!
When will you be filing a law suit to hold Hillary Clinton accountable?
U holding Pres. Trump accountable that is so funny. We the people will soon be holding you accountable despicable
I tell all my friends about you and how smart, intelligent and beautiful you are. You have my vote if you decide to run for President.
Thank you Sen. Keep fighting
Happy 2 hear this!

Thank you! Get the #redout if  nothing to hide then why the fear of being found out?

Remember YOUR words Kamala
Not that I disagree but remember your words
The rule of law is the cornerstone of democracy. And no one is immune.
#ImpeachTrump
Great work! Keep the heat on his orange scrawny butt! We will #Resist !
Yeah #LockHimUp
It's about time ...
Sink him and marry me!!!

Liberalism is a mental disorder a sickness that destroys rational thought they all need to be institutionalized ....
So that means you and Maxine Waters, too, right?  Please explain how you're any less corrupt.http://www.oann.com/watch-sen-harris-campaign-paid-rep-waters-63k-for-endorsements/ …
Finally, NEXT action, how bout commercials to public explaining WHY? GOP pact is running comm. pushing T-care nonstop. NO Dem response.
You're already turning out to be as batshit nutty as Maxine Waters.  You don't represent me.
Remember when  Kamala's staff impersonated law enforcement? Remember she argued releasing prisoners early would decrease prison labor? LMAO!
He will get away with it. We both know that.
Thank you Senator. We need more like you. Thank you.
Thank you for all your hard work.
Oh yes they are-Hillary, Obama, Comey, -just to name a few.
More waste of time and money. You're useless.
It's about time for the Democrats to take a stand in office. The Republicans would have impeached Hillary about now. Dems must STAND UP!
A bunch of lawyers trying to get their pound of flesh using the law. Typical. So glad our POTUS isn't a lawyer.
How many do we need before #notmypresident is held accountable
Thank you fellow citizens
Um this sort of whiney sore loser behavior is why you lost (and will continue to lose) hope this helps
Who is paying for that circus? Stop wasting taxpayers time & money.
Cops, @SenKamalaHarris, are apparently so...good luck with all of that. #PhilandoCastile
In regard to what?
You go girl! I'm counting on you to bring this buffoon down and to justice!

This is the best news I've heard, since the article about Meuller's dream team!!!!
You're acts aren't legal either
who cares.. Try The DNC cullusion with main stream media liars and#HillaryThePureEvilVileOne hacked e-mail server
President Snowflake doesn't like being held accountable, will do something really stupid tomorrow to distract from the issue #CovFefe
I cringe everytime u r disrespected by measly lil white men! U r brave @KamalaHarris along w/other female dems that have been working OT!
Thank you

Trump does not represent middle-class and low-class Americans he represents the capital!
Don't want #PresidentTrump in your click in D.C. because he will bring out the corruption, & D.C. can't stand it! America is watching.
You are Killing It!!!! Keep the heat on these wimps.
Libs answer for everything
I want to believe that. The rich and powerful, greedy to be even more rich and powerful, make it hard to keep believing in America.
Thank you for your service and persistence! Thank you for standing for us! #ShePersisted #Resist #Persist
Online Part Time Job ke liya whatsapp number 9102777220 is number pa job likh kar bhaje.
You keep kickin' big butt 45 on down the road, nothin but love,honor, and respect coming your way, Kiddo!
"When you're rich, you can do anything you want......"DJT.
Yesssss!
Thank you. Rational Americans must stand together to bring this horrific aberrancy to a close. I remember Watergate. This is Watergate X100.
You're obnoxious and abrasive.  Maybe learn the job before coming out and looking like you're incredibly rude and unqualified
Can we expand that to a class action lawsuit for all tax payers?
Wonderful ! He's been in violation of that clause since the day he took office. Let me as a citizen know if I can do anything to help.
Thank you for all you do. Your state elected a jewel of a person to office.  Good job, don't stop.
You are my Shero
No office holder should be able to profit from foreign &/or non constituent entities, because it takes representation away from their charge
200 idiots that need to get around to doing their jobs. The American people are holding you accountable.
Yay!!
Thank you.
selective accountability. D's never interested in accountability for Lerner, Clinton, Holder. Can't take u seriously
But u r OK w/ Sec State selling uranium 2 Russia w immediate paybck 4 100s thousands o dollars?! We knew he owns hotels. U spit on democracy
Thank you!
File charges indict this crook
Thank you! #LockHimUp
Long overdue! Thank you for doing what is right to protect the people from this dictator!
sounds like the kind of statement I would expect from some1 who sees forced prison labor as a way to keep costs down
#kamala2020
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahayayuaha he's been felony free since the 70s. Good luck with that.
thank you for being a role model and a force to be reckoned with.  keep asking the tough questions, no matter how "nervous" it makes people.
@throughthechaff clintonistas have cnn makes the #s look magnifed more than they are...dont sink your promising career4this
@throughthechaff why drop robosigners lawsuit that could have actually helped millions of americans. dont fall on hrc sword

LOCK Him Up!
Hillary was above the law. You shut up and let her Clinton Foundation rob Haiti and Africa because you guys have similar policies. #weak
get him and pence and make it stick...no rest until this disaster of an administration is 100% unwound
Good! Becuz Carter had to sell his peanut farm. Nothing even remotely close to all the long cons Trump is running from inside the WH!
Thank you for doing so. #TheResistance
I've a big Canadian crush on Senator Harris!  Thanks for your work!
Neither is your husband.
White teeth, fake tan, dress in suit,  still a liar and a thug.
Apparently you are above the law, if you're name is Hillary Clinton. Guess what's good for the gander really isn't what's good for the goose
When are you going to hold Steven Mnuchin to task. Or, do all those people have their houses back?
Thank you Senator for trying to keep this lying weasel in check!
Please continue to speak your truth.
Will you be equally transparent when your case loses?
I believe you are our peaceful #Resistant leader you use your brilliant legal mind. Pardon redneck R expression but Get'r Done
I agree
Thank you for representing the USA.
Could you prosecute the case and make them all "NERVOUS?"
Your so-called "dreamers" seem to be above the law. I love your hypocrisy.
Hallelujah!! Finally. We're done watching him & his family get rich off the presidency & the Amercian Taxpayer. They forget they Work For US
"Emoluments" like the cool $60K you rec'd from M Waters?
#Harris2020
Yes
RIGHT ON!! It's about time. Thanks for all you do to salvage our threatened democracy!
You are a NUTJOB delete your account NOW ! We are looking in your closet of skeletons be ready for your dirty laundry to start flying
Oh he's above the law. Even if he's found guilty of everything he's accused of he won't spend a day in jail. & Pence waits w/ the pardon pen
...that's so sad. Of course, Pence is complicit too. @SenKamalaHarris
You go madam president
Thank you ...POTUS needs to be held to same standard..as he repeatedly said on campaign trail
DAMN SKIPPY!!!!!!
@SenKamalaHarris Thank you from the bottom of my heart in CA.
KamalaHarris2020
Maxine Waters paid her daughter >$700K to stuff envelopes as Kamala Harris paid Maxine for endorsements= $63K so far
Until something actually happens to him.. he is above the law and keeps proving it daily...
btw thanx for your effort / questions in the hearings -keep it up --their non-answers are annoying & people deserve better
Hiding behind your skirt to denigrate men is not very promising.Pls uphold law by going behind real criminals (HRC).Know U can't being one.
... except Mnuchin, cuz he was above the law, amirite?  ... or is it bankers in general?
Thank you all!
Thank you!
This won't go anywhere. Dems are digging and reaching but no evidence of any of the claims so far. Better things to spend our money on
This has already been proven to be bull@%#. Move on and do your job. Make laws, not lawsuits
Rally enough snakes, alligators and other swamp creatures together and you just might stop the draining of the swamp.
Love u!  Keep doing what ur doing they have to listen to u eventually!? Thank you
Nobody unless you worked for obama? Lerner, lynch, holder all brokevthe law
tell 'em Kamala !
Making Californians proud Ms. Harris! Keep it up!
Yes! Push and don't stop! Remember how the Feds got Capone? Tax evasion!
For making America great again? Yeah, lets get him! Sen Harris you are sadly misguided
Keep making them NERVOUS @KamalaHarris
You hate shows in your face. Jesus is the answer to your sickness.God got our #president  #Noweaponformagainsthimshallprosper #nomatterwhat
It's too bad the GOP is too blind to see this huckster for what he is. A scam artist who is indebted to some "bad homres".
Beauty of American politics
You and Wonder Woman are my new heros.
Right. 

If I stored classified docs on an unsecured home server then shared them with my lawyers I'd never see daylight again.
Putting their ideology above everything else including America
You've been fantastic at the hearings.Don't take any c..p from these people. They couldn't care less about anything other than their agenda.
Go Senator Harris, go !!!
Atta girl, keep it up and never shut up. We're behind you and we appreciate you!
so impressed by you. Thank you.
What can we do about this Cuba deal? It's all about Russia and China
Way to go Senator. Glad I voted for you!
You rock! Go for the jugular, so to speak!
Pres. Harris sounds great. Think we could break that glass ceiling??
Thank you
