And we should be proud of them for doing so..,,
So can a five year old serve? Or does that not meet standards? Oh, that pesky word standard. The left hate standards.
Are you arguing that transgender people are like five year olds?
No genius, just because a person wants to serve doesn't mean they can or should serve.
Sure, not everyone who wants to can, but no reason why being trans is disqualifying.  Still perfectly able to fulfill the duties of the job.
And this comes from your vast experience of the military?
DQed from serving, but I'm from a fam that's served since before 1776.  You disrespect trans people's service and make others out to be 
What hell they got to do with your comment. You spoke of our military duties as if you know. You don't know, especially combat arms.
Know enough to know the servicemembers I know don't GAF if Brian was born Brenda as long as he's a good infantryman, comm officer, whatever.
@LeslieGoldman4 Including those over 38?

*Article says-author of this article writes for WaPO and graduated from UVA. I am not an expert, but I tried to find the answer for you. *
Good find, thanks. I'm above all of those ages!
You're welcome. 
And the cowardly draft dodger-in-chief does not deserve to make any decisions about the military, I Don't Care that he's prez. He's dirt.

Even if it means our safety is at risk?  You are looking for popularity, certainly not interested in Americas safety. Standards are in place
Not "should be able to serve", say "MUST be able to serve". Use power words.
BUT MOST THESE SAME PEOPLE VOTED FOR TRUMP!!  THIS IS WHAT THEY AS GET

@WhiteHouse @BreakingF24 @Scaramucci @LGBTEqCaucus @realDonaldTrump @POTUS  dts A  FUCN LYING RACIST  TRAITOR #IMPEACH45NOW  #CROOKEDTRUMP
I guess Tweets are the way new Executive Orders are dealt out! And I would've thought that he'd discuss this with his Generals first!

Chelsea Manning gets it. Who's talking about Sessions or the bloated, corrupt F-35 program today? https://twitter.com/xychelsea/status/890215240461430785 …
What about the mentality or physically handicapped, morbid obese people or a genetic illness.  The military is not all inclusive.
Sorry not everyone can get a participation trophy defending our country.  There are standards of entry and sustainment.
Did you serve? Transgenders and the costs associated with conversion should not be bore on the backs of taxpayers. Change on your own dime!
The military spends many multiples of transgendered care costs on Viagra. Should my tax $ go to soldiers who can't get it up?
#WTF this is a clear case of discrimination why isnt our congressmen/women pushing for his immediate removal from WH
No it isnt. That's your go to get rid of him bc you know he's correct removing this social experiment
Tell me about it. I did it N I would never regret it ever. I proudly served my country's Navy team with honor, courage, commitment. 
If you're that guy u were a guy when you served. R military is not a social experiment
100% Correct! America is like the Island of Misfit Toys Rudolph the Red Nose Reindeer we ALL need a good home. @POTUS is the Grinch he hates
Just like every American should have tax payers, pay for there operations to become a transgender... I don't think so.
a bullet doesn't care who it kills,it still will kill,trans or not.
Drumpf is a weak coward.....
@realDonaldTrump  never served. As far as I am concerned, he is not serving NOW, in his present capacity as @POTUS . FAR from serving, .
Not only did he not serve, he actively lied to AVOID serving. But his sad little fan base will eat this shit up because it's their emperor
Please run for president senator
Many who are willing will be turned away.  How about obesity or lack of meeting a physical fitness requirement? Is that discrimination?
Really will let me tell you they can't, they won't take me because of age did u stand up for me, what about people that can't pass the test
Cost of health care is a specious argument to ban trans, we know that. What Trump is doing is catering to the Religious Bigots in his camp.
R military is not a social experiment! Don't hv the funds 4 pple who want 2 join only 2 get a surgery & force ths on its members 2 accept it
And every patriotic politician should fight Trump in every way and bring him down before he destroys America
Gender, or lack-there-of, is IRRELEVANT to patriotism!!
Bs
I know someone who didn't try to serve his country. Coward
Risk their lives for civil asset forfeiture?  Risk their lives to violate the Constitution?  What exactly are they risking their lives for??
really ...have you read the story of lot ...all the books of Allah speak on it...
Exept our president that faces obstruction from congress. You are not doing Americans any favors. Get serious!
For the good of humanity, it would be better to stop with militarism.
Trump... The biggest eligible patriot.
Trump First ....for America.
So what about felons & obese individuals?  Or someone with neck tattoos maybe? Are they somehow unable to be patriotic? #transban #MAGA 
Trump doesn't fall in that category.. not a patriot and wasn't willing to serve
Something Trump never was...
In our VOLUNTEER army no less !!
Dont ask me who i sleep with, r if i am a boy r girl. Just know i am willing to die for country and freedom. See my heart red white blue
This action is for his deplorable 25%.  He wants to look like he's powerful.
And we should honor them. HONOR THEM. #HERO
Unless they have bone spurs and undying loyalty to Russia.
Go get him, Senator Harris. #stopthisscumbag
If it meets your narrative then yea sure
not my opinion...stop the social engineering
But not use the American people's money for surgery
Amen
This is a NIGHTMARE!  I want to awaken!!
And those who dodged serving should never be elected president
Absolutely 
And every proud patriot who serves should have the best healthcare our country can give them. If dicks needs Viagra, TGs should get hormones
In compromise, there could be requirement Trans people be financially responsible for any trans related medical expenses.  
WaPo says military pays more for viagra than trans medical bills. #NoOnTaxpayer paying for Viagra!  Keep weenies in trousers dudes!
@AlamoOnTheRise Transgender are not allowed to serve and all Trumps refuse to serve.


@TTR28T NPR reporting on the ban, but not how T is allowed to run our military. At what point do we object?
Absolutely 
What about fat people,short people,tall people,sick people,drug users, the list goes on for those who cannot join.Tg already banned the mil.
Even blind people ??
Yes, if you are physically mentally emotionally healthy
Who would want to place their life in the hands of one of these mentally ill individuals who can't figure out if they are male or female ??
What about a president who used every trick NOT to serve?
CLinton?

Exactly.
Amen
If you want to be a transgender then get that done on your own I deal with enough suicide as a leader not to add to plate you have no idea
Thanks but no thanks we in military don’t support changing of sex and Christians who disagree have been told to get out what about us??
Period point blank.
Proud Patriots like murderers and rapists. How about those that can't see or hear? You're right! It's only the safety of Americans...
Does that tweet say murderers and rapists? The military would frown upon both of those. Wow! Way to take it to te land of ridiculous.
Does it say transgenders? It's says EVERY PROUD AMERICAN.....nobody cares if you want to play dress up but the military is not the place. 
Who is not patriot is the moron draft dodger @realDonaldTrump & then had to collude with Russia to win Electoral Vote coz HILLARY WON VOTES
Hillary lost!!!!!!!!!!
And COMPETENT.
Keep in mind Trump banned from the military Americans willing to die for country with no written documentation, no discussion.

On Twitter.
Yes I agree
Right. It should be about the country and not about the rights views on morality.

Please run for President!
And they deserve our respect an honor for that service.  Period.
And thanked!  Not discriminated against. 
Yes. That's the way it works.
It's obvious you are posturing for a Presidentisl run. There are many areas you need to set politics aside please.
YOU R WRONG- FIND A WAY TO DO A SECURE BLIND STUDY OF ACTUAL PPL SERVING. #SOLDIERSINFOXHOLESLIVESMATTER
@realDonaldTrump what about those draft dodgers that think they know more than the generals? What do you say to those unAmerican losers?
And 5 time draft dodgers should not be permitted to be their CIC.
trump has no idea what serving the country even means. But distraction seems to work everytime. "Distract and repeal"ACA
Not in the United States of Trump~
#DraftDodger
#Collusion'ist @realdonaldtrump

Has Weakened Our National Defense
Against Our Mortal Enemy #putin.
Every proud patriot willing to risk their life for our country should be able to serve.
DT wouldn't know anything about that!
Oh my heel spurs!
and have a sex change operation?
That is something Donald Trump is unable to comprehend.
#draftdodger 
#trans
every hear of 4F,  not fit for military service??
Every day u think America can't sink any lower in global opinion (I'm uk) yet somehow 45 manages to do it. Scouts, LGBT, deathcare. Despair
Not when we have to pay for their fantasies
Unlike the time draft dodger @realDonaldTrump!
Something the @realDonaldTrump family is unfamiliar with.
tRaitor tRump farts around with Discriminating against American military personnel citizens protecting America
WHILE
IGNORING N.Korea.
This is a cruel attempt to distract you from trying to stop the health care bill, don't fall for it!  Keep fighting!
AWAN brothers
This is a slap in the face to the 8,000 #Transgender individuals bravely & honorably serving in our military. Shame on Trump!

#LiarInChief
People with autism or quadriplegics should be able to serve in the military??
Military tax dollars should not be spent for transgender surgeries or special accommodations for unique individuals. Trump is right.
I guess that lets everyone in Trump's family off the hook.
#DispicableTrump
Of course!
No.
Seriously who'd want to serve knowing you'll be sent into an endless, winless war. However anyone willing to do so should. #Transgender
Easy to say when it's not YOUR ass on the line in combat.  Did you ever serve under fire?  No?  I thought not. Back seater.

US Air Force B-2 Stealth Bomber a.k.a MAGAtron
More of his white supremacist racist bullshit 
Isn't there something that can be done
Enough is enough with this pig and his sewer
That's your personal opinion.
US Army M1-Abrams "COVFEFE"
#idetesttrump n his #evilclan
Ssh. You're maing sense. Or dollars or even lots of those. Your not aloud to make sense acording to 45 :P
The brave "Men & Women" of the US Armed Forces are thankful for our Commander In Chief for taking this action. #MAGA45
And to be clear, Donald Trump was not willing to risk ANYTHING, even when the nation was at war
Maybe you should try research.  Trump filed for waivers so he could attend college. MILLIONS of American males 18+ did exactly the same.
Please run for president.
That #LiarInChief broke my heart this morning & just put a target on the backs of my friends, family & soldiers I know. He is modern Hitler.
Just because transgenders claim victimhood they get a free pass?
I suppose Putin came down hard on Rump for this cause. #Fake45 obeys his master.
I am a patriot willing to serve you Kamala. Can you hire me? I will wait for your response.
If people with poor hearing, poor vision, and many other medical conditions can't make the military cut why should transgenders?
Should troops with asthma buy their own inhalers? Should military doctors not get help paying for med school?
Your comments are asinine.
Shame on draft dodging #Fake45! Shame on the unAmerican Republican Party!
That's find just don't use proud patriot taxes for person gains if you want a sex change operation you should pay for it yourself
These people want a free sex change and would spend most of their military career on medical leave. No one is fooled by this nonsense
None of the transgender people I know have spent extensive time out of work. What makes you think they'll miss so much time?
How are we defining transgender?
Usually I consider someone transgender if they tell me they are. Or if "Bill" comes into work and says "Hey I'm going to be Sally now"
Hmm one way to not have to register. Can that change after enlistment?
Senator Harris, I'm sorry but you looked transgendered. In other words, you look like a man.
Military experts made the call.
Looks like he can do anything he wants . Why is this crazy bastard still in office . What will it take ?? Honestly at this point anything ?
You really need to take advise Senator Harris from people in Healthcare and in the military in your state. Please. #LearnB4Speaking
Every AMERICAN wonders why you vote to

 PROTECT #CRIMINALparty your a #fakeAmerican  

Vote your #criminal party home or prison
I truthfully wish I knew how people would respond if he announced the opposite.
the democratic party is the party of the freakshow
Do you even care what our brave generals think? With all due respect-you need to get advise from others Senator Harris.
This isn't about patriotism...it is just more identity politics....pandering to voters
#Trump doesn't know about patriotism, because he isn't a patriot.  He is showing that with his health care bill.  #HealthCareForAll
If Kushner and Pence weren't pretending to be straight, and had the courage to serve, they'd be offended.
So why do you say they are gay? I'd be fascinated by your answer.
I'm sure that you would. Just know that I don't just say stuff.
So what does that mean? You don't have an answer? Why do you say that?
I just gave you my answer, beyond that it means, GN.
Hilarious the foolishness
Even rewarded for their service. 
With support and excellent medical care.
Kristin Beck, Navy SEAL, member of SEAL team 6, American hero who reached the absolute peak of military excellence. #RealWoman #RealAmerican
2. for some nefarious manipulative reason of his own not considering how disruptive stupid and perverse his actions might be to real humans
Im just waiting on 45 to type he is going to look over the constitution an try to use an executive order to change a few things lol
The second worse thing about this other than the reprehensible order itself is that Trump having no convictions of his own is doing this for
Unlike the idiot in the White House now, who is a coward to the nth degree.
Agreed
Nope! Not according to Military an top Generals the will not be..
The one thing the makes a Still Great is out young 18 to 26 year old who are willing to defend us around the world. #OnePride
And you need to go 

Vote your #criminal party home or prison or

 institution they are all nut cases
This is all about PUTIN.  He hates LGBQT and told @POTUS to do this.  Putin's wish is Trump's command.  Why?  He owns him.
You've lost your mind. This is about what the American who voted believe.
Trump administration keeps expanding the list of people who are not American enough.
I was a Republican until trump..but no longer.  I am so grateful and proud you are my Senator.
YES Sen. Kamala Harris ,24 secs ago your tweet (notification) I quoted you yesterday,being for a speech you've made, in Los Angeles. PATRIOT
Everyday trump causes chaos in our country and around the world. It gets worse everyday.
Cover for GOP gutting healthcare?
100% this
Right out of Putin's playbook actually (see: Russian anti-gay legislation used to consolidate power and stoke nationalism)
The way I see it, Manning (traitor or not) served in place of the 6 Romney and 3 Trump males who did not. For starters...
Absolutely! Too expensive my ass! It was expensive 4 the south to abolish slavery, but it had to happen b/c we have rights!
It's a shame our brave military is now led by a cowardly, treasonous, draft-dodger
Will the Trump Administration also deny the LGBTQ service members Veterans benefits for their service connected  injuries ? @MattMurph24
Aren't there any laws about discrimination that apply here??
More courage than "bone spurs" Donnie!
Absolutely

Well said.  The bigotry here in unconscionable.  Thank you for working for America's greatness
Call 718.414.1555 - Ferry Point Golf Course and leave a mssg for the President
These days, you could be talking about public school teachers.
Agreed. But let's not get distracted from Trumpcare focus.
As well as CONTINUE to serve!
Absolutely. This smells of Mike Pence and diversion.
Also Mother Russia. They have hard stance on gays & trans.
This has Bannon/Pence/Miller written all over..they r trying to build equity w/base for Sessions firing.
Lol. You people are wayyyyy out there. You have no concept of common sense. Absolutely none
No common sense... is not caring about whether a solider is gay or transgender.
Well said!
