In Charlottesville, a candlelight vigil was a striking peaceful contrast to torches wielded by white supremacists http://nyti.ms/2uTIcL5  
Majority of voters wanted @HillaryClinton as potus.  DEMS have the correct policies that the majority wants.  #midterms coming
Majority of voters came from NY and Cal, Clinton won those states, ur flawed logic says let 2 states always elect POTUS! UR post is moot!
Hypocrite!  You use untrue, inflammatory rhetoric to incite events like Charolettesville than pander to survivors.  Conservatives R good too
Today's violent leftist are the new Stalinist / Bolsheviks of our time. They  had a confrontation with the Neo-Nazis. Speak out abut it.
That's bigger than #45 inauguration!!!!!! Any angle you look at it.....
That doesn't change anything, does it?
@nytimes i my self.know Americans are.sharing people,good,but theres.bad too?
Too bad you're not part of the Majority.
This is us, @realDonaldTrump, patriots, sane Americans, #theResistance,who protest peacefully & deserve an ethical, compassionate leader.
Any democrat going to condemn the shootings and killings of police officers over the weekend! Probably not!
#ImpeachTrump there is no other option
It's time to demand a psychological evaluation. Trump is delusional and unfit for office.
Have you called out .@TerryMcAuliffe for granting permits to white supremacists & not providing police protection for all? No? YOU SHOULD!
#Beautiful. #Hope 
Beautifully Said Senator
I would like to believe that, but have difficulty when considering the number of people who support Trump. How can any decent person do so?
When are you going to update me on your cohort's threats to murder me Kamala @SenKamalaHarris?  cc: @jeffsessions @TheJusticeDept @FBI
Murder on one side and also too much violence on the other including a blow torch?  Not anything to brag about.  Too many dangerous bad ppl
Um....
now more than ever this country is in dire straits.  literally to the point of no return.
@LESTERJ205

The founder of the Ku Klux Klan, Nathan Bedford Forrest, was a delegate to the Democratic National Convention 

Here's the real democratic party. Hillary's mentor. 
Here's the real democratic party. Hillary's mentor. The real KKK
What about the soros bat wielding Antifa ?
Everyone should read this, it's long but you need to know!

.@SenKamalaHarris I am shaken by the numbers of white supremacists coming out of the woodwork. I fear for our country. Your thoughts?
Hard to keep things in perspective. Thanks for reminding us.
So were you in on the setup too?
https://youtu.be/4UpF8H1Zjcw . GET YOUR FACT RIGHT.
#Charlottesville
That's true. But, the majority did not elect this President. GOP selected their voters through gerrymandering districts. We are in trouble.
Fun fact: There are more of us than them.  Thank God!
What about a Senator calling for assassination of @POTUS are you guys going to say that is okay? #AltLeft
It did lift my spirit to see that beautiful vigil.
The majority also DID NOT vote for Trump. Hmmmm..



That Donald Trump is a candlelight vigil.
Humanity showing True Humanity
No bigotry..Pelosi trys to shut down SF march calling them white suprematists when march officials complained they were brown
What happened in Charlottesville is B/c of your party's resistance crap!
How about White people?
Thank you
Kamala your party is losing members b/c of games! We all see what's going on! Trump won get over it, do your job, get 2 work on HC & taxes!
This was a beautiful moment! I actually felt hope watching it! Hope that our NATION no OUR GREAT nation can and will Recover!
What's alarming is that 30% of the country aren't!

This Speaks!!!! 
@nytimes you were a fed prosecutor right...your part of the problem you know the wrongs of the justice system expose it...
Beautiful event.

Aug 21-Drop @realDonaldTrump from Twitter/Facebook Monday 8/31. In 1 fell swoop, hit him in the only place he cares about! #DumpTrumpMonday! 
Please join @RepSpeier & call for Trump's removal by the #25Amendment now!
POTUS is showing signs of erratic behavior and mental instability that place the country in grave danger. Time to invoke the 25th Amendment.
What are you doing about the murder rate in Chicago? Don't you care? What are you doing about it?
Give this #ImpeachTrump a kick in the ass to get it through!!!  Our country needs it right now!!!
We may be crazy as loons at times, but we are good, fair & just.
Thank God!!!
I see Presidential written all over you!
Some great Peeps in our party! @RepSwalwell @SenSherrodBrown @jahimes @RepTerriSewell @CoryBooker
Perfect. Thanks.
Thanks for recognizing us Senator. #DefendCville We've got a pretty cool Governor, too.
So true
Um, allow me a small edit:  "The majority of Americans are good, fair & just," the rest are Republicans!  The end.
If I could retweet that a hundred times, I would?
@maddow
Those Americans MUST get to the polls in 2018 & 2020!
This is who we are!

&  will triumph everytime. This is wonderful to see.


Where was peace and calm the other day? Anti free-speech protesters should be denounced along with anyone else who uses violence to silence.

We truly are and it is so unfortunate we have 45 who is so unfit to represent us out and about in the world embarrassing us.
We just had a terror attack En Barcelona
But the bad, ugly minority is in charge right now. Sad.
#resist
True.  The majority of Americans also want single payer universal health coverage too.  Where do you stand on that issue?
69% of Republicans thought Trump's response was right. Care to revisit that statement?
Really? You never stop stirring up racist crap where there is none do you?
35% R bad Americans.Hateful and outright bigots.
Now this @realDonaldTrump are fine people
The majority are good people, you on the other hand suck!
And it looks bigger than inauguration crowd! There are more good people than bad!
Please inform to M/s. Cognizant technology service CEO in India
Mam, Bhawani padmanaban ( cognizant Technology services - HR in India )  is a Hi Tech Criminal, please will suspend around 3 years
Let me guess only democrats at the rally. You couldn't possibly be doing your job and commenting on what's best for all Americans!! Who knew
Truth.
Yes we are out here!  Keep working for us.
Though a strong minority is easily manipulated to support evil, unfair, And unjust causes. 2016 election is proof of that.
yeah, how sweet, anyways...any chance you talked to the young repub that was singled out and assaulted by the ANTIFA mob ?...
Yes Sen Kamala Harris your tweet (notification) 2:12pm CT, TRUTHFULLY,  (Family) from last night ,Always ; I'm There. @FOXNEWS , SPAIN
Thank you Charlottesville for showing the world last night who the greater majority of Americans are.
I know that that is true Kamala, I just hope you are one of those for you do not give that impression. You got elected because of California
We should be putting up statues of Heather Heyer and other like her
No they're not.
trump needs to take a look at what a REAL peaceful protest of very fine people looks like
@SenateDems 

Yes ...
Congress must act fast to Impeach Trump if this weekend has many such events/escalation and #Trump fails again. Nazis feed off his weakness.
It's sad that 46Minus1 and the majority of the @GOP are not....
30% of voters deny climate change say Obamacare  is Kenyan Muslim support suspending 2020 election to keep trump in control of US=fascism
Agree, but you must call out all domestic terrorists, including BLM and Antifa!
Proof indeed!  Kamala thank you so much just for your presence and voice.  Truly, it is needed at this time. Don't ever ever stop!
Yes, agreed. Did you read @MayorLandrieu's excellent speech:
Mitch is as much of a danger to the US as Kamala.
It was beautiful, wasn't it?  Nazis and white supremicists brought their ugliness to that community.
don't want to be mean but some people in germany showed support bc they know about nazis , but not seen millions americans in the streets
accross the country , I think sadly most are not that concerned about it really
Speak for yourself Bryon.
Thank you for what you do for our country.
Too bad only about 15% of them voted in the 2016 general election
Yes, I believe they are. That's why we deseve better than Trump as POTUS. 
#ImpeachTrump  #25ththe45th   please. now.
Yes.This is not a Dems vs Rupbs thing. Racism is ignorance & failure to recognize a trait such as skin or eye color does not define Humans
Race is a trait & nothing more. There is only one race, the human race. We must stand together against bigotry & hate.
I Like you
And we didn't need to carry tiki torches
we will never allow nazis to control anything in the USA, we defeated them before and we will do it again.  #ImpeachTrumpNow
Umm to late...they already do. Nazis occupy the White House. Bannon, Miller etc...
We need to be the party w/positive messages to the people, not harping on past.  We want to enthuse voters to actually vote FOR real issues.
This is Donald’s violent alt-left..#Comical
No. These are empathetic mourners paying respects to a fallen girl taken unjustly. Masked antifa are not there.
How sad that our president can condemn the Barcelona terrorist, but not the ones here 
He did condemn it butt wipe!
Just unfortunate that the one in charge is not liked, or like, the majority of Americans.
You ppl better wake ip as to what is REALLY happening!
