Exclusive: Trump revealed highly classified information to Russian diplomats in their Oval Office meeting last week http://wapo.st/2pOKFnO 
What is? You don't even know what or IF he shared something that's not already widely known. You're just doing what Libs do. Nothing.
When are you people going to stop trying to over throw the government and actually do some work?
Right! & ppl who complain he has a right to share is NOT the point! he jeopardized our relationship with REAL allies! Russia is NOT an ally!
From the Girl Who Cried Wolf.   Why should anyone believe you idiots THIS time, when everything Trump does is "extremely dangerous"?
And what are you and your colleagues doing about it?? IMPEACH, INDICT, IMPRISON
I love the smell of desperation in the morning.
Start the impeachment process. Why isn't thay happening?
Its all over the internet and has been since Mar 17 of this year.  Get a damn life.
BleachbitCH is the real threat but you people cannoy accept defeat.
He gave them information on how to fight ISIS.  Not the launch codes.  Big difference
Yes let's be clear your the threat to America
snakes like you
but letting illegals in and allowing them to vote isn't? MS13 ever hear of them? taking 1000s from the mid east isn't?
let's be clear - your actions are extremely dangerous and a real threat to our security, go do your job.
Let's be clear:  this was fake news.
It's time for serious discussion of impeachment, also from senators. #ImpeachTrump
It is past time for the Senate Democratic Caucus to issue a Resolution of No Confidence in Mr. Trump, requesting his resignation.
NOPE. There were witnesses in the meeting McMaster said -FALSE & did not happen. keep digging yourselves in deeper Liberals. & keep LOSING.
@washingtonpost 
Then do something about it. You're are in congress. We are not.
She can't.  #DEMOCRATSAREIMPOTENT
WaPo is FOS...just like you Kami 

Our @POTUS is awesome!
Let's be clear - the continuous leaks, the obstruction is a real threat to our security!  Do you care? Selective concern!
THEN DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT.... #IMPEACH
It is only dangerous for idiots who want to support a global caliphate.
30k emails a bathroom server and a laptop..enough said
@washingtonpost TRUMP MUST BE IMPEACHED NOW! BEFORE HE RUINS THIS NATION!!!
Yes, be clear, WHAT is extremely dangerous and a threat to our security. Please be specific. Are you talking about unfounded "news" reports?
#gethimouttathere #begin impeachment hearings!
What about Hillary? Or Joe Biden? You're lying. There isn't an honest democrat on earth. The last good democrat died Nov 22 1963.
by the way, the "Obama Let's be clear" line is way over used
McMaster: Washington Post story is false http://dailyjournalonline.com/news/national/ 
Let's be clear - the POTUS has authority to declassify anything he wishes.  Part of his job.  Glad you Senators don't even know the law.
We need a Special Prosecutor to investigate Mr. DJ Trump, Ivanka Trump, and the AG
I like when you start by saying "Let's be clear"
I'm glad the post had a reporter in that meeting to release this information to us.
Kamala, 
think watergate again: The story and its moral:
Carl Bernstein and Bob Woodward being incorporated?
@TedKennedyJR @BernieSanders
Imagine if this was @HillaryClinton !!!!!!!!!  OMG #lockhimup Impeachment isn't good enough for this man
Impeachment isn't good enough. Donald @realDonaldTrump IS NOT FIT TO BE POTUS  #lockhimup
Let's be clear - This story has already proven to be 100% #FakeNews.
When will the GOP grow a spine and bring this madness to a stop?!
With the amount of conviction in this statement and knowing your high level security clearance, I now trust and believe you @SenKamalaHarris
What can any of us do to stop him? Nothing matters anymore.
The right sentence should be: "He is extremely dangerous and a real threat to our security."
Violation of Oath of Office?
But "there was no intentional misconduct" and "no reasonable prosecutor" would bring charges.
Fake @FoxNews News
How long until this is fake news?
@KamalaHarris can you please run for president in 2020?? 
Bravo, you managed a tweet without the word "fuck".
Yes you are.
If the Russians want any 411 they just go to Hillary that a no brainer
@washingtonpost Run Forrest, run!
I still can't believe it is NOT illegal.  Cause POTUS can declassify anything?  Or almost anything.
@realdonaldtrump
*gave #HighlyClassified Intelligence to #Russia
* #Allies hadn't received this Intelligence
Those in the room said nothing classified was said. Unless you were there, shut up. It's more BS created to make potus look bad.
Does anyone really believe potus would do that? Are you dems seriously that desperate to create something from nothing? Getting annoyed. ..
#ImpeachTrump
@washingtonpost today's WH crisis follows the pattern: tomorrow's will be worse. How bad does it have to get?
Let's also be clear, the ppl that were actually in the room say it didn't happen. Either WaPo should reveal the source or retract.
If it were true.  Check legitimate sources...not 2 unnamed who weren't there.
The reporters know specifically what Trump told the Russians & US officials asked the reporters to not report those details in their article
It is time for impeachment.
What is clear is that this is fake news leaked by a traitor 2 discredit Trump Do U not believe Tillerson McMaster & deputy security adviser?
Let's be truly clear - Donald Trump  is extremely dangerous and a real threat to our security.
IMPEACH
Just locker room talk among the boys. Move on. Nothing to see here. Besides, Hilliary's emails. @realDonaldTrump
Save AMERICA vote against the GOP 2018,2020
He is not above the law.  He must be held accountable.
SOS!  Red alert!  
More anonymous source BULLSHIT and you're eating it up
Question? Everyone knows someone doing something bad how many do you know?

Crystal clear; now what's being done about it?
In 1 week POTUS jeopardized domestic & national security, faith in our institutions and lied publicly. Choices: resign or impeach.
Help us, that's the reason I voted for you... Impeach Trump before it's too late.
Shut down the Senate! #StopTheMadness
What is it going to take before DEMS and REPS step-up-to-the proverbial plate and use 25 or Impeachment to remove 45 from office?
And completely unsurprising from a man who thinks he is the smartest guy in the room #resist #unpresidented
You seem very eager to believe a tabloid paper continuing to report fake news. We expect more from a US Senator. #KamalaSteepLearningCurve
And......the republicans don't care. Paul Ryan said he is too busy to think about what Trump is doing.
He is dismantling our democracy. If he is not arrested we might have to do citizens arrest ourselves,that won't be pretty: 500,000(+) of us
If this proves to be true he's committed treason by aiding and abetting a known enemy.
This is treason. We want him arrested and tried as a traitor with appropriate sentencing.
Treason
We don't clarity. This is clear enough. I voted for you, DO something!
EXACTLY! #ITMFA
Then Do Something About It!! #lockhimup
Yes it is, and we're counting on you—and others in power like you—to do something about it. Thank you!
says who though? I voted for you, please don't disappoint by spreading questionable news!
Dems have to stop all work in the Senate to get their demands met: a special prosecutor and/or and independent investigation to Kremlingate.
This is why right after the election I became a Subscriber to @washingtonpost I didn't feel like I could get thru the next 4 years w/out it
Let's be clear: Congress needs to call for #impeachment.
I called your office to ask about a statement. This is all you have?!
Isn't it time (well, long overdue?)  #25thamendment
Thank you! Please refuse to cooperate with GOP until they investigate!!!!
We need new requirements to run for President. You must pass a mental health test, but also take a how things work test. Is this possible?
@washingtonpost Agreed.  What is being done to stop him?  TODAY.
Thank you for your comment. Would a phone call to your office help?
Will the @GOP do something now to save our Democracy?!! #CountryOverParty
If the Republicans won't stand up for our country, Dems have to stop the Senate until we get an Independ Investigation & specal prosecutor
Just the weekly anti-Trump, Democrat ordered liberal media theme of the week. Next week, it will be something else. How many since Nov. 8th?
It is clear!  What is not clear: When will House and Senate members FINALLY do something to restrain this dangerous person's actions?
he is allowed to do this cuz he's 45??? WTF?!  This will never end, he can do whatever he wants as he's pres.?This is SICK
#25thAmendment - Section 4 is there for a reason.
Trump's clear lack of intellect & stability are huge cry for action to protect America & our allies.  He is a danger to America. #impeachNOW
Plain stark English: Trump threatened our personal safety and our nation's safety.
ISIS or Russia will likely attack our (ex) partner.
#BenedictDonald
Will this kill this Zombie President or is he going to keep coming back? Blotus is an absolute walking blubbering MOAB.Impeach this puke
It's false news per Tillerson, Powell, and McMaster all in the meeting.
Well of course he did.  He's got a big mouth.
He revealed intel that we would not even share with our allies. 25A, Obstruction, Witness tampering. IMPEACH.
Other countries' too potentially. ..
Uhhh YES IT IS!
Unfortunately, the political fallout from this will be the square root of fuck all.
Do something about it
That's because Trump is extremely dangerous and a real threat to our security. What is this country doing & why isn't President Bannon gone?
The real question is which of the GOP lapdogs will step up to defend this???
yes, Madame President!!! #Kamala2020
Tulsi Gabbard would be FAR superior . She's also a real progressive.
yes it is. 25th Amendment time yet?
So please work with the House to get impeachment process started.
Time to pull the plug.
If this is true, it's gotta be the end of the jig, right? Right?
we know
