Why does Senator #Harris lie about important issues so much ? #farleftistsareinsane
very good question!
Did you ask him during hearing? If so why did yo let him not answer.
Does a newborn deserve full rights? What about the previous day? If not, what has changed?  Mental health exception via Doe v Bolton? Lame!
That same mental health outcome is measured statistically within unwanted pregnancies only, just to be clear.
"What an idiot!"  But this doesn't put the "smarter person" in a good light, Senator Harris.  That dead idiot is an exploited woman.
B/c in his world women should shutup & get back in the kitchen, but for men to exploit people, rape & pillage resources is the 'murakin way.
Why let a president under an FBI investigation make lifetime appointments until he is cleared from any wrong doing? OVERTURN CITIZENS UNITED
Well if you honestly look at his record, then you'd realize you're wrong.
@DianaHollins simple: "corporations are people too, women maybe not". @MittRomney #gorsuch #Trump

@divaesq what if the corporation has a female CEO?
And get off the women kick.Between you and Clinton, I can't tell the bigger boob(n. fool nitwit) playing the woman card ! get off it will u
Ripping a baby out of a womb is not a "women's right"
Idc about your womb, I care about the human inside that womb
YES. I do care more about a baby's life than wether a women's feelings are hurt
How do you weigh someone's feeling more important than an individual's life?
"@SenKamalaHarris: Why does Judge #Gorsuch seem to believe that corporations deserve full rights and protections but women don’t?" #SCOTUS
What rights/protections has he afforded corporations but denied women?
Because he is a mental midget
Excellent question we deserve an answer .
That's easy $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
Because the Koch Bros told him so 
(sung to Jesus loves me this I know...) #StopGorsuch #gopovercountry @RealMuckmaker @docrocktex26
Been wondering the same damn thing.
#NoRussiaProbeNoSCOTUSRobe #StopGorsuch #WeObject #TrumpRussia
Just vote against this fucking fascist did u know he started a club in college called forever fascist. Think on that
He and most privileged men!
Can you prove this allegation? My money says NO!
Why does Kamala Harris feel District Atty's and police deserve full rights but its citizens dont?
because he is a white male Republican, full stop!!
Stand up for us!!
Corporations? They allow guns to have more rights than women!
BRILLIANT!  Did you think this up all by yourself?
It may seem so to you but you are so left soon you would slam MLK for being nonviolent. You should resign as you embarrass California.
I assume this is rhetorical.
Because he believes women do not deserve rights and protections. Most corporations are owned/run by men.
Why are you Schumer's shill?
We need to ratify the ERA-Equal Rights Amendment so that women cannot be second class citizens.
You just hate him because hes an orginalist who abides by the constitution which you hate. He will overturn your gun control.
not to mention his view of disabled children! This man is a travesty to the Constitution! In Donald's pocket.
He's a man, but why doesn't his wife care about women's protections?
because he has a penis.  and $$$$.  lots and lots of $$$$
Good Question. And lets agree that Repubs forfeited right to "holier than thou" by their relentless conduct during former administration
Because if  the good judge had it his way women would not have a voice period. 
Jesus is on his side. There is a Jesus for every belief.
I think a lot of these pseudo christians forget Jesus would have been middle eastern and probably would have had brown skin.
Because he's toeing the company - err - Republican line.
Yep
Why don't Republicans recognize Gorsuch is no more qualified than Bork.Need someone w/compassion,as was basis4 no vote by Sen John Warner.
Compassion has nothing to do with rule of law. But then again liberals believe the exact opposite. Except where the unborn are concerned RT
He doesn't believe that,your emotional hyperbole has clouded your judgement and caused you to smear & subvert his SCOTUS nomination.
Another lie..
Keep Putin's taint off our Supreme Court. Stop enabling the GOP subversion of our democracy.
Why didn't he along w the entire judiciary refuse nomination until Garland was given hearing and up/down vote? Very disappointing.
Aren't you under investigation for planned parenthood coverup??? You're a bought and paid for puppet.
Gorsuch is a lobbyist's nominee. Only a lobbyist would support Dark Money Gorsuch.
Just in: Senate Dems write Gorsuch calling on him to help find out who donated $10m+ backing his nomination - currently secret: 
You lose credibility when you use rhetoric and miss truths to justify your political agenda. Shame on You!
You disagree with him on an issue. That doesn't mean a filibuster. Filibuster is if you disagree with his qualifications. You're a disgrace
Do you have a case to back up that charge? I didn't think so
Tell it
I'm for GORSUCH.
GO GET 'UM Senator! and THX U! #resist #Indivisible
Follow the money
Gorsuch was raised Catholic.
I drove over the road for 50 years!The guy that left his trailer was wrong. That in itself is against all trucking policy. Brush up on it !
That 50 years in a truck certainly qualifies you as a legal expert on the case (sarcasm). BTW, your answer is not responsive to the question
Pretzel logic.  Makes no sense.  Very concerning.
The problem with you libs are, this trucking guy ! First it was 14 deg.,now you have it at 27deg, or so. This guy was wrong.  cont...
it's simple Senator. he's a Republican! enough said!
Because he is a powerful white male.
Would you like for him to be black? Lol
"You can not have more of an interest in the fetus she is carrying than you have in the woman herself" Dr Willie Parker. This is Pro-Life!
I don't think you have to worry about that
Has anyone asked him?
"I refuse to participate in a system where a woman does not have the same agency to make decisions that I do as a man." Dr. Willie Parker
Tell it sister!
