who do you represent? I emailed u and u don't respond lost my vote!
if your not a citizen u shouldn't get public assistance! Name a country that does give as much as the USA if u can
Seniors' pay more? and low earning young adults get FREE healthcare? #bothsidesarewrong
2020 is 3 more years for able bodied 'underpaid' workers to get free healthcare that hard working middle class can't afford
Medicaid is bloated, PP kills babies, seniors pay less, not more. Attack, attack, attack, nothing constructive Kam?
GOP could instead work to control health care & pres drug costs, etc. Instead, a big tax break for millionaires.
fat chance that would ever happen.  They only look for ways to take more of our money
we hv more ppl using more drugs. They shld b cheapest here but 2 much pharm $ in WH. #Trumpcare
you sound like a communist
  Move to cuba
GOOD, GOOD, WRONG, in that order, time to repeal and replace you fear mongers
it gives the state 100 Billion can u peeps do the right thing with the $$ illegals should not b on our budget! Sorry
We HAVE TO KEEP #ACA because #Trumpcarefails is making me ill.  #TheResistance #resist #Trumprussia #EmolumentsClause
@snowstormyou Bullshit
prove otherwise
re::Ups;
Harris is a Dem. Her party is the party of lies, distortions, manipulation, and fear mongering among minorities.
a market based system for pharmaceuticals would be a good start. #nohealthcarerebates
I don't want my tax dollars going to kill babies. Defund planned parenthoid.
hooray
You are still lying. A progressive liberal philosophy always leads to failure.
No, not TrumpCare. Republicare.  NO SCAPE GOAT
Tax cuts for wealthy and Healthcare CEOs will drain #MedicareTrustFund by 2024. #GOP wants to kill #Medicare. #ReadTheBill
@meganhswanson Not TrumpCare. #DonTcare
what page?
can California please do a statewide universal healthcare plan? Or a group health plan with different states?
How many of us have to die before they see the damage they're doing?
I agree that this shouldn't be called Trumpcare.
I tried to tell my elderly mother this before she voted for Trump. Would not listen. I feel just sick about this mess
@realDomoldTrump  if she voted for Trump she get what she reservese! He doesn't care about the poor!
you bash republicans and president for trying to fix Obamacare what's your solutions u can't just complain u have to lead
OBAMACARE premiums are rising 13% in 2017 in your state what are your ideas to help people with this increase senator
what's your solution senator to the problem
what's your soution senator
I dont have $32.00 to spare most months let alone 100 times that, per month! I worked my whole life for this?
oh, stop complaining! Just buy more cat food.
how does $100BN kill Medicare expansion? You must have the reading skills of a 3rd grader...
since the opposite of everything said by Democrats about ACA happened should I believe the same here
We have a large group of workers retiring in the next 2-4years. Medicare will not be able support & premiums are too high.
@InSpiteOfTrump most seniors voted for Trump so screw them anyway.
#SwampCare
Two out of three ain't bad!!!
No on repeal replace!!!!!!!!!!!!
please don't call it Trumpcare. Call it Republicare or Republicancare. They created it. They bear the responsibility.
still better than $10,000 deductible and no access to doctor.
please don't frame as TrumpCare this is REPUBLICARE and the GOP needs to own and answer for in 2018
Let's call it #DonTCare
this isnt just Trump, and the GOP must own up to its hypocrisy. As far as I'm concerned, it's #Republicare
let's call it #DonTCare.
@ActualEPAFacts The Resistance is calling it Republicare-- spread the blame and deny Trump his ego boost.
Nooooo!  What kind of people are the Repubs supporting this anyway?  We must help the poor, seniors, kids, working poor
The Republicans have ALWAYS stood for the betterment if the wealthy. They have NEVER cared about the poor
Not just DT--blame all of them! #Republicare is a nightmare for many & helps the rich.
So, walk across the isle and start negotiating to get a bill that is good for all. ACA is not, go to work.

Can we please call this "Republicare" so they're all branded with the stench of this shitbomb? #Republicare
To quote Leader @NancyPelosi , we have to pass the bill to know what's in the bill-- so just pass the darn thing #maga
Why didn't the Republicans challenge Roberts 23 page ruling on the "Penalty" which means "Tax" ?
on the shoulders of the most disadvantaged population.  Why do they hate Americans. I don't get it.
thanks for sharing the details
1) expansion deserves to die. 2) unborn deserve to live. 3) untrue. typical oversight of those who oppose.
#WealthCare #PayMoreForLess
please fight #Trumpcare we don't want it!!!
please vote NO this is unacceptable
So happy to be a senior. Seniors are supposed to be taken care of. We did not live this long for Ryan to shit on us!
Also hurts long term health of Medicare Trust Fund.
Trump supporters be like "But he's making America great again?!" 
thank you for speaking up, Senator Harris! #mysenator
Missing the big one-its offering tax credits, not a direct monthly subsidy. I'm disabled, don't make enuff $ for tax credit
seniors already on fixed income, is SS raising to help them pay...I gather not.
the GOP death panel care plan!
republicans!! Stop this!
We'll expect you and the rest of the dems to fight it. Make better recommendarions. I need the ACA but it's expensive.
any effect on Medicare for existing enrollees?
@CarlaMoulton3 #TRUMPCAREKILLS
I'm sure his voters will be happy
Also note that #taxcut for wealthy strips funding for #Medicare Trust Fund to zero by 2024. This is OUR money! #TrumpCare
The GOP are nothing but lying, greedy sociopaths and con artists.
mooching liberal babble
Don't forget there's still a penalty for letting your insurance lapse.
bullshit what page?
And it breaks a big promise by the president. He said we’d have insurance for everybody. https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/trump-vows-insurance-for-everybody-in-obamacare-replacement-plan/2017/01/15/5f2b1e18-db5d-11e6-ad42-f3375f271c9c_story.html?tid=a_inl&utm_term=.c84d3f106e85 …
