You Know the drill... Both parties.. SAME THING!! #absolutelyNothing
They've got my info. Someone tried to use my debit card to purchase airfare and did manage to use my credit card # in the UK. In addition...
They locked my Yahoo account. I only get my bills in  that email. When I called the number they wanted 129.00 to unlock my account...
So corrupt!
WTF
Well, where's the Class Action lawsuit??
OR "Government policy should make sense." Totally agree.
WTF? This company should be put out of business for the shoddy treatment of our most sensitive information.
COME ON, YOU CLOWNS! The disdain the government has for the people is never-ending!
Stop acting surprised.. Banks + Wall street Got They're Bailout paid By the American Tax payers.. It's, the GOP'S turn To rob Us!!
That's the way things go in trump's alternate universe I think he's using a magic 8 ball to make decisions
8 ball of crystal meth perhaps..   he's completely irrational
SAD:( NO JUSTICE FOR THE POOR!:(
Thank you Senator - when I first read about this story, I thought it was from The Onion.
And Our Government Shouldn't sit back while black and brown ppl are slaughtered by Police.. But that's our Justice system.. All4Nothing!!
how about the bankers and banks that caused the mortgage meltdown.
Waiting for my check Class Action?
Thats the first sane thing u have have said
..... or $$$ w t actual f is that?!!!
Agree what us wrong with America
Something tells me this breach and data was provided to #DONTARD's Voter Fraud team! Anyone want to place a bet on it?
We've got some real morons in the White House.  Isn't elementary schooll graduation a requirement?
So, @SenKamalaHarris please tell me what Congress isdoingto get us OUT of this #hotmess? Love you, seriously but #talkeischeap #weneedACTION
So what are YOU going to do about it?
Say WHAT?
This seems "off," somehow.
You GO, Girl!
That's exactly how 
Paul"Ayn Rand"Ryan lives GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS.
THIS IS ALL TRUE WELFARE,CORPORATE WELFARE STEALING FROM 
PUBLIC COFFERS.
But our government is full of money hungry racist dummies so 
Start with kicking in his retirement parachute to be included in OUR losses. I'm paying for a service to watch my $ activity 
This might be the first (and only) thing I have ever agreed with you about...
I wonder who is getting paid off for this one!
Corruption in this country is running rampit.
November 2018
It should but they won't.
look who's talking about holding people accountable gimmeb a break Kamala that's the pot calling the kettle black
So why aren’t you? You’re part of the Government too, y’know. Stop tweeting and do something

Craig Phillips formerly of BlackRock works for Mnuchin. BlackRock has a lot of shares in Equifax. https://fintel.io/soh/us/efx/blackrock-group … …
Amen to that!
It should be the other way round - IRS should be contracted my financial institutions to validate information
Wow
An outfit in NV is using REAL SSN's + phony bk. acct nos. + false claims of debt=> to pull off a collection scheme. How did they get SSN's?
More Republican corruption.
We should be holding Wells Fargo and other banks accountable for financially ruining people, not fines that are chump change to them.

Follow the $$$. Remember the Bush admin's no-bid $39.5 billion contract to Cheney's Halliburton during the Iraq war?
Do they use Kaspersky? 
What about the little ppl???

Really bad move.
@dagallegossr Failing up?
AMEN!!!! 
Finally Senator! We agree with an issue, but Politico is not a reliable source. Please keep us posted on this.
How can we hold Equifax accountable if their potential liability far exceeds the value of the company. 150,000,000 x $1000 = $150b
For once I actually agree with you but I’m still going to side with the IRS because I don’t want to be audited.
So they profit from making us all vulnerable?
Trump has always been rewarded for his incompetence, that's all he knows.  Makes depressing sense he'd do the same.
Can we at least demand free account freeze and two years free monitoring??
Every high ranking employee at the time of the delayed disclosure (cover up) should be jailed and deprived from their stock sale profit.
If only you knew someone that could do something about it.  
The incompetent giving money to the more incompetent...Insanity!
Just another day in the "Twilight Zone" that used to be America 
How do we get them to do that?
Why was that done? Are they Trump donors?
Like you held Mnuchin accountable?
Equifax should be shut down
Corruption yet again and nothing will be done about it
I would argue that due to their incompetence I will forever be living in fear I will be victimized financially. I'd settle for $ 2 million
Not only should they be paying us for damages & providing free credit monitoring, $EFX should forfeit profits made selling our personal info
Sorry Miss Harris the Justice dept no longer cares about justice
Absolutely. ..
Everything is the opposite of what it should be since the election. 
This is unbelievable and highly offensive. Is anyone ethical left?
Should also be holding our President accountable for being such an embarrassment & so Corrupted
Who should hold you and your politicians accountable for wasting taxpayers money and increasing the debt? Stop grandstanding so pathetic
I agree!
This is absolutely outrageous!  Craziness!!
Equifax was already providing these services, this is a bridge contract until new one is in place.  You could ask if they did a good job.
I want some Fried Pork Chops with some macaroni & cheese, skillet potatoes with , cabbage mixed with some bacon  & some big mama pound cake
So let's recommend some legislature or options??
How much did they donate to the GOP?
Wait- What?!
Absolutely!!
Unbelievable !!!
punish those for advocating the over throw of our constitutional form of government must be removed from office as well.
project. The constitution can not be amended improperly, as the GOP just did. Any elected official not willing to restore the laws and
WTF is this??????
This software gives the stakeholders , who are not legally authorized, access to all our personal and confidential info to use for their
Does that include the ones that fill your pockets as well?
Our government caused this breach by disapproving the law to protect our rights privacy.Our government installed this software on our device
Someone files taxes in my name behind this breach.
This is bigger than Cam Newton! #Focuspeople
The IRS has to be crazy.
YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I agree.
WHY THEIR FRAUDS
@GOP @TheDemocrats They need to go! They were irresponsible.
Yes Please!!!!!!
Shouldn't we have a say oh never mind we the people have lost all rights when the White House became Trump House of Horrors!
That's difficult when Trump is hosting Equifax's CEO!
That contract has to be cancelled without penalty, immediately. Recent events prove they r incapable of safeguarding data & systems.
@JoyAnnReid Really? They should be fired right away!
Agree they make our reports without our permission we pay them to check our reports go thru hell to fix them Now they say they lost it all
The million dollar question is can anything be done about it?
We the people must demand it
Who did Equifax financially ruin?
Thanks I thought the same exact thing!
For sure, but it won't. But who's looking besides @SenKamalaHarris?
BARF Equifax Has Screwed My Finances Over The Last 50+ Yrs. These Companies Should Be Illegal. WHY Should They or Any Have My Info
Sad.
This is the Republican way
sick
Who made that happen?
#HurryRobertMueller
Yet another example of this Administration letting a fox guard the hen house. (See every other appointment made.)
This is NOT ACCEPTABLE! Who authorized this contract, do you know?
REPUBS have the House - Senate & enabling the SIGNER-in-CHIEF-guaranteeing RW DEEPER POVERTY EARLY DEATH&RAPE OF YOUR DAUGHTERS w GOP LEGIS
Constant and Pervasive Hypocrisy... makes it  currently impossible to believe in government (social policy).  Always sold to highest bidder
... since our card information and private information is our information why is it given freely we should be paid when they sell it
Absolutely and by the way Senator Harris. Here's an idea that I would like to float with you and would be happy to discuss it anytime...
Why would they do this instead of holding Equifax accountable ?
This is ominous. More scary crap
You are a senator right?
Another mind boggling action brought to us by the ever brilliant Trump administration.
Especially when we as consumers have no choice but to be their customers. I'd like to cancel with them but that's not possible. Crazy
I am one of the millions who lost their info because of Equifax. How does one get their data completely expunged from their records?
They’re just following Putin’s orders to destabilize the USA.
If you do wrong you get rewarded with new business opportunities..
These boys should be in jail. WTF
WTF?
That should be a no-brainer.
Whose bright idea was this?
Corporate criminals getting away with crimes
Two entities have compromised my identity. The IRS and Equifax. Makes perfect sense to me that they would work together.
This is obscene  Keep fighting the good fight!!!!!!!
This is ridiculous!
Common sense has no place in our government I've determined
WHO, WHICH PEOPLE IN GOV. IS RESPONSIBLE FOR THIS, BY NAME?
W. T. Serious F.!
I am baffled by this... how can this happen?
Gee I thought that's how government works. Give them a contract or a position within the government!
Their all in on it.....
Void #Equifax IRS contract for failing fiduciary responsibility in protecting millions of citizens private dataThey should be prosecuted
My head hurts so much trying to see the logic in this
REPEAL REPLACE OUR GOVERNMENT...before it's to late and we are the REPUBLIC OF USSR...
How long are "WE THE PEOPLE" going to deal with this, when are we going to take ACTION!
But you do not really have a government, right? Just a bunch of clowns lead by an Orange Buffoon... ;-) #ImpeachTrumpNow
um Trump's WH is opposite land. Also, ridiculously wealthy white men historically have never cared 4 the masses. NEVER
What can we as CITIZENS DO?
Senator, What can we as citizens do? I hear a lot of talk talk talk...but nothing behind it.
ACTION speaks louder!
Agreed.  This is just sick.
Where's the oversight??
Aw, your just complaining because you know this is the 1st step towards a voter ID Process that may just work for Citizens.

Didn't hear you bitching when the DOD security clearance database was hacked!
IRS needs to withdraw no bid contract and request an immediate refund.  The Government should close Equifax down.  They aren't the only business of this kind.
Try to do a better job than you did with the insurance and real estate companies during the mortgage and insurance fiascos!!
🖓
These companies are a violation of privacy of papers..should be sued and shuttered!!!
Yes! @SenKamalaHarris, just now TRUTH
3:09pm @SenKamalaHarris, Having  Adjourned the Senate Budget Committee, now on @CSPAN 2 U.S. Senate  TAX REFORM DEBATE, @BrianSchatz ,TRUTH
Oh yeah, you think the govt should intrude on anything and everything.  You have no imagination.
HOLY SHIT! You hypocrite! If only you had recently been in a position to bring justice against crooks like this who steal from the public!!!
WOW! Actually applying common sense to fix a problem.  Can you spread that around to some of your colleagues?
I'll take that as a Yes. Keep up the good work Sen. Harris.
Impeach and Replace.
Then we get Mike @VP........... Nobody wants that right?
This not how I want my tax dollars spent. Equifax has proven themselves to be untrustworthy. Why would Trump's IRS do this?!
A sociopath is what a sociopath does.
My spidey sense tell me Equifax credit breach and WH admin are linked. But why would they want my voting record AND access to my credit? 
