Kamala Harris 2020

I like that trump picture in your profile pic.
LOL, thanks. It's similar to the pussycat pic on yours obviously representing our last president.
Yes he was real sweet, thanks for noticing!
They committed a crime so what if they sit in jail. If they're convicted the days they sat in jail count toward their conviction.
Thank you Senator, that makes perfect sense.
Unfortunate you care more about Criminals Rights over Victims Rights. @PollyDad @CrimeVictimsCa @crimesurvivors
In parts of Eur. bail & fines are determined on a PERCENTAGE of income scale. Far more equitable for all and raises fines for the rich too.
Money or freedom. The justice system is a robbery scheme. For the last 8 months I have become more and more disgusted with this country.
our entire court system needs fixing, this is an excellent place to start.
Kamala I like your style
We can see OBAMA is grooming you to run in 2020 with all these FAR LEFT ISSUES that screw over America just LIKE HE DID!
When it's more lucrative to be a bail bondsman than a defense atty right out of law school, we have a problem.
orrrrrrrr you could do something like not steal or commit crimes so that you dont have to deal with the bail system or the court system.
2020...That's all I'm sayin'.
Watch out http://dailycaller.com/2016/08/29/california-prop-57-tripling-down-on-public-safety-failure/ … more bad decisions?
Name three things you have done as attorney general to reform #CashBail
Kamala.  M i bella del.  Al ma   eres espectacu lar   escribeme. Llámame las 24. Horas. Te doy  mi celular  llam a me.
Soy como tu guardaespalda
Waste of time. Normal people are not arrested. You're going to lose your moderate base on this type of crap.
People are arrested when they commit crimes. What the judge does w/ someone who has committed a crime is a different issue.
@seanhannity  what doesn't make any sense to me is @DevinNunes has access to the EXACT transcript as to what Andrew McCabe said in close session. Rep Nunes didn't use the exact words. Now DEMs say McCabe didn't say whats in in GOP memo!

I totally agree with you one hundred percent
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris This is important life changing legislation.
Cash bail is a system that arises out of libertarian values. Govt needs to make a profit. Classic Ayne Rand democracy isn't important.
Wow, @KamalaHarris the thoughts of your proposal gives me goose bumps. A non partisan proposal.
I do hope this isn't just for publicity
your right, no bail for anyone. thats fair
Wonderful joined up thinking. And timely work seeing what is happening regarding disparity in USA justice and injustices.
Racism is a large part of the problem. Until that is fixed, there will always be injustice because black people by default are guilty.
This is one thing I agree with u on!
So so true...
Please! This travesty has gone on long enough. Especially for anyone of color.

This country has moved to the Greed system, and the 1% control all the greed
They got a strange system the US always finds ways of making money even out of bail
My son is dark skinned and gets stopped constantly.He's in jail for 11 months ,because no money for lawyer.Plead guilty no lawyer
 thank you & I've never needed a bail bondsman-but, I still can understand how wrong it is for people who do get in trouble
Indeed!!!!!!!
I couldn't agree more! Too many poor people are stuck in jail.
please.  Spare us. You frontin
Damn she the truth.
Look at what they're doing already in Hamilton County, Indiana's pre-trial release program
Absolutely!!!
Or hiring good attorneys vs public defenders. Equal outcomes? No way! Justice isnt equal. Again.
Kamala, I agree. But take the whole punishment system further. Wrt fines. Who is punished most by fines? Rich or poor? Justice isnt equal.
@SenKamalaHarris is absolutely right. Make Lady Justice blind again ! #CashBailReform now.
Maybe also take on the right of felons to vote, perhaps after they've done their time. Why should they lose this right forever?
Wonderful thoughts and wishes to you to make it happen.
The current american "justice" system was built and craftily designed to replace the trans atlantic slave trade. America will soon be judged
No worries. Our God, the same one that judged ancient egypt will soon judge modern day egypt. I hope they got their boots on.+
It’s a disgusting system.... in all honesty, the whole judicial system needs to be reformed.
Your passion is inspiring!
Fight hard for this issue @KamalaHarris  @RandPaul the health of of society depends on it.
God bless you sis!!!  Keep fighting the good fight!
YES!
Bail should be based on seriousness of crime, ties to community, & likelihood to appear. Never on color of skin!
" @SenKamalaHarris @WhitfordBradley  !! "
gotta address the whole system ...top to bottom...
...It is horse shit you just support letting people out. Getting arrested is part of getting caught. How about you don't steal...
Let's hear what you say about violent crime. I could still support this. But does domestic violence victims get protected?
Kampala Harris always picking silly non issues and then moves on without accomplishing anything. Just playing for the camera. Looser...
I have an idea dummy. Don't do the crime at all & then your point is mute. Why make it easy on someone who's just done something illegal?
Our criminal justice system is, too often, criminal AND unjust. Money and race waaaayyy too often determines outcomes, unfairly.
Oh my gosh she said lady justice. I am in love...
Show ur right
Yawn.  Do the crime. Do the time. And everything that's associated with it.
You can't change big business, and crime and correction is big business unfortunately 
I am speechless that someone actually cast a vote for you
If you would change Gun Laws in California that would allow the citizens of California to defend themselves, this would be a decent solution
@gbmnyc Usually based on flight risk,  offense and any danger to community. Many out on own recognizance or very low bond.
Better do it before Sessions puts his hand to it.
Are u single handily trying to give away this country? Give illegals a free pass, give criminals a free pass, give the lazy a free pass! WTF
Kamala for President in 2020!
U have a steve mnuchin problem

@SenKamalaHarris #neverkamala #SteveMnuchin #California #tech
@CharlesMBlow love the idea but too much money is being made for it to happen
And beautiful smart Kamala is right once again. #Kamalain2020

Yes, Senator, The Lady Kamala Harris!
Love this.
Kamala Harris = Leadership + completely aligned with Dem party platform messages. 
A Young Navajo mother was killed by police after being probably falsely accused of shoplifting. Death penalty for shoplifting. Idiotic.
I think you may be mentally challenged. Don't commit crimes and work for a living. You're a embarrassment to the senate.
consider the day-set-charge, bail 4a crime carries x nr. of days based on its severity, value of the day is set based on felon income
LIKE YESTERDAY!!!
A politician who truly seems to have the interests of everyday Americans at heart.
PREACH SISTER!
Harris 2020
Much opposition will be presented from the bail industry for obvious reasons. Make it so drug use/possession are not incarcerated offenses.
Drug users are VICTIMS. Please include that in your bill.
This would open up so many questions on how the courts would apply a test on risk to society. Drug users should NOT be arrested period.
@SenKamalaHarris First go to jail w/o bail is Trump who 'lost-guilty-25 million settlement w/Trump University fraud+1000 sues, PresShame?
Question: do law enforcement agencies or government entities in any way profit from cash bail system? Or, how about the for-profit prisons?
I still think the prblm is not the cash bail system but the judges and court systm. If they have to work 24/7 then so be it.  Be done w/it
THANK YOU Senator!!  Thank you for bring some sense to a senseless situation.
It's called motivation to show for your trial. Take away something they don't want taken. You naive enf to think they'll show off a promise?
Local adage back in the 70s. Folks in the jail system serve two pimps, the city & bail bondsmen.
Kamala, you live off the govt dime. TRUTH. do nothing for Americans. TRUTH
Sounds like a better plan. Thank you !

learn the job first before running for the next, recall @BarackObama made mistakes due to the lack of experience- wasted 2 yrs on health
You make so much sense!
This is a very important issue. Thank you for efforts.
ThkU @SenKamalaHarris 4 taking this on. Like so many issues, this only hits reg Americans, rich ppl just hand over the $ Yes, rich ppl steal
Great job stopping this while you were #California #AttorneyGeneral #LiarLiar #BringBackLiberty #VoteLibertarian #WildstarForGovernor2018
Bail should be a civil RIGHT unless the defendant can be legally defined as dangerous and a flight risk pending the trial.
We might also talk about the constitutionality of nearly every person "presumed innocent", being deemed necessary to hold until trial.
It's practically illegal to be poor
I applaud you for taking this on. Its a tough one. You Rock.
We could probably talk about making it illegal for law makers to have ANY stake in the penal system, too, eh?
Kamala Harris for President 
You are a true leader.
Watch the mother of a VICTIM of a "non violent felin" released w no bail!
@RandPaul is WRONG ON THIS!
You go Sen Harris. The poor get raped by the judicial system everyday.
The difference of what sentence is.. is how EXPENSIVE UR PRIVATE ATTORNEY IS!
U want to be fair??!! Get rid of Private Attorneys!!!
How well Bail reform has worked n New jersey. Only HURTS Poir communities!
Lets say u dont do the crime
Great I am with you
You are missing the point. Watch the video again and this time pay attention. Not being sarcastic, just please, try it again.
This is 100% true.
Great idea! I support you. The difficulty in a capitalist society is the goal is the incarceration of the underprivileged by design. America
Ohhhh is that how it works?
The system was created after the "Emancipation Proclamation". #history
YES! your tweet (notification) another video just now @SenKamalaHarris, TRUTHFULLY, (Family) being before the 1:45pm ET. HUD Vote, 
1:00pm CT. Clearly your vote a short time ago, then coming back for a talk w/ the SENATOR of Montana, I KNOW @SenKamalaHarris, TRUTH
8:35pm @MLBnetwork @MLB Game @Royals vs @Indians @SenKamalaHarris
12:40am @SenKamalaHarris, MY TV OFF
Or throw out the present one as unconstitutional.
Finally. Speak YOUR truth to the issues and find the solution.Ur advisor needs to do better, let u loose to find solution not every catfight
I support you for President of the United States, and I will work for your election.
This type of thinking and action is what we expect an want out of our elected officials!
Heck yeah
.@SenKamalaHarris You're talking like a president! Go girl
Your not going to be president sorry
Why aren't you committing about ESPN Hill and her horrible remarks??
Most people charged with a crime are guilty.  We need to make it more painful for them, not less.  You should spend time on other things.
It's the sensible and fair thing to do!!
Liked it all but the Rand Paul part.
Rand paul is a worm hole just like the rest of the parasites.
No habla Engles Camilla
.

Than we need to imprisoned the criminals party

Criminals protect criminals

Vote your criminals home

.
fake news
You are simply brilliant .. but, to be honest, it's a cause not appropriate for you to address .. please, think more Presidential
Finally.....
let say somebody gets arrested for a nonviolent crime
let say they get arrested for illegal entry to the US
because illegal entry is a crime
INS investigates and arrests, not interpret immigration law.
As you are well aware from experience the cash bail system needs a major overhaul. Pursuant to the Eight Amendment most are excessive.
Russia 
What would Lady Justice say about violating a defendant's rights by hiding damaging information about the police from them?
Senator Harris: a ferocious leader, capable of tackling many issues, simultaneously!  This is the leadership America longs for! #Kamala2020
Yes please be the first female pres!!
Bail system should be on seriousness of crime only.  Petty theft should be dealt with in lower court.
see...THIS isn't aspirational, this can be done and has some bipartisan support. Good use of elected time.
Reform the whole system! This cash bail thing only covers an inkling of this horrible justice system.
