This is wild: Hundreds of people are in line for the Graham-Cassidy Hearing at 2pm. It snakes from Dirksen Senate Office Building into Hart: 
ACA is Crap and you know it. It was designed to BREAK healthcare.
Will you please speak out against the disgusting way protestors were removed? In particular ppl w disabilities. How VERY unAmerican that is!
YES!!!!!!!!
Kamalita. Mi princesa  muy. Love.  Bella como  estas  y familia. Te necesito
Hola. My  bella  my   love    estaré  hoy. Y.  La noche  contigo   que. Fuera. Del. Mundial. De. Rusia    te necesito
Kamalita mi. Senadora. Muy.  Love ....bella.  Quiero. Saber.  Si tu. Famiiia
People keep showing up and demanding their free stuff, stuff you Marxist carpetbaggers promised in exchange for votes
Too bad democrats didn't leave my healthcare alone. Now I have none, thanks Obamacare 
Cuentame. Kamalita.  My. Love   que. Ha   estado. Haciendo.
Hola  muy love. Bella  te. Necesito. Mucho.  Escribeme.  Ahora
Mi. Senadora  mas. Bella. Muy. Love.  Quisiera  saber  de ti. Mas seguido
Kamalita  bella my.  Love.  Te.  Mande. Una. Foto.   Ccmo   no   tengo.  Una tuya
Hola. Mi reina. My lovr bella   mi. Senadora  diime   que  sientes  por mi
Como esta mi senadora. Mas  bella .muy love.  Espero  la.  Foto   y. Llamada
More Democratic BS.  No solutions, just BS.
And everyone who doesnt want the gov't taking their money to pay for it will keeping shutting it down.
Bravo, sister resistors! I’m there in spirit!
Oh.  You mean like DINOs @amyklobuchar and @SenFranken flipped their DP primary votes to Hildog, from @BernieSanders and LOST in 2016, so?
Well, yeah, you signed on to Bernie's unicorn farts instead of fighting for the #ACA so there's that.
Hola  kamalita  my.  Love   bella.  Como  te.  Sientes  tu   estas  en  sesion.
Kamalita. My love  bella  como. Esta. Mi. Senadora.  Adorable.   Escribeme.
Hola muy love bella. Te necesitó. Escribeme   la familia.
Where's TAKE A KNEE?  Not healthy enough for football this year, are you.
#GOPDONTGIVEAF0CK
Don’t be annoyed by them. It is literally a life or death issue for them.
Help. Get the police. Peaceful protest going on. #dumpcassidygraham
I have great respect for the Capitol Police. But it's time for them to "take a knee. Grassley "Let the police take care of it."
No, not in the Senate - the peoples' House. Capitol Police to Grassley & Hatch: "No., Senators. Hold hearing - real, regular order hearing.
. . . Don't ask us to drag sick people out of their wheelchairs, out of the peoples' house. We are not Pinkertons. @CapitolPolice
I've wanted Democrats to leave my healthcare alone too... yet, your dangerous policies will be our ruin
They need to swallow pride and improve it without taking anything away. Everyone is so concerned about money. Stop corn subsidies.
How's your healthcare Kamala? Don't care about us suffering under ObummerCare?
Most of us showing up until Obamacare is repealed.  Dems should have left my healthcare alone.  Now my family can't afford it.  Dems fault.
Thank you senkamalaharris
Now we need to do the same to fight FOR National Improved #MedicareForAll #hr676
Tell it!!!!
Pretty organized...shirts and all...hmm 
@frankthorp   @fahc the people are not some illiterate flock to dictate too.
How about you go on Ocare sweetie?
Yeah I pay extreme premiums and deductibles so they can have healthcare. What did we do before obamacrapcare?  Things were just fine. Thanks
I like that Senator Colllins in her statement wants to FIX the current healthcare ACA. Hopefully there are other Republicans too.
If this doesn't look like something citizens think is a right, I don't know what does
I just want the government OUT of my healthcare
How about Democrats leave healthcare alone.
You don't want to leave Obamacare alone given recent proposal for Medicare to all. I guess we all admit Obamacare is failing.
You are such a lib....nobody is being left without options. Its the people who want it FREE that complain. How about a salary cut?
@senorrinhatch & @SenMikeLee why do you still support this bill?  I work too hard for you to steal my healthcare!
2020 President candidate. 
Respectful
Qualified
Fair
Honest
Leadership qualities
Loves this country
True. I hope Bernie Sanders does not hurt our cause tonight. Seems poor timing.
Been through medical bankruptcy. "Choice" & "competition" don't work when someone is ill. Spend some of defense budget defending health.
Republican or Democrat... what ever party put's wind in your sails.. Obama care is working!..human health care is priority not corporate!
fuck leaving it alone, FIX IT!!!
how many times do we the people have to tell them no? I didn't vote for the koch bros. who are using their $$ for the gop to do this to us.
We knew @GOP were heartless, soulless, greedy, power-hungry bastards, but now they're just blatant with it.
Back 2 rebuttal, D feds should keep health care alone & leave it 2. Voters on 11/8/16 far out#d these (many Soros paid) protesters #REPEAL
Good for them! This is great to see. I hope it has the desired impact. This GOP cruel nonsense must stop!
...and then you will repeal Obamacare in favor of Medicare for all?  Obamacare is failing.
It's failing because of Repubs. They've torpedoed it since before it was passed and continue to do so even now.
Neither is punting 30 million+ off Medicaid or passing a plan that will let states return to discriminating pre-existing conditions.
I wish they would already. It's ridiculous that people need to protest repeatedly just so these horrid people won't pass a law killing them.
Or, if not killing them, making them choose between paying for meds, etc or eating/having shelter, etc. It is absolutely repulsive.
And republicans don't care and will vote to overturn ACA! They should all resign
Please help the people who were dragged out of the public hearing and arrested.
Biden/Harris 2020
Bless every one of them
Problem is they don't care about people. Just getting check from big investors & getting Trump a repeal for his base. Hell with rest of us
'THEIR' healthcare doesn't exist
It isn't a right
DEMS scam healthcare is costly & there is no CARE!
COMPETITION & CHOICE is what is needed
This bill sure as hell isn't going to give either. And yes, in a country as rich as ours, it damn well should be a right to affordable care.
Well... at least those that you choose to show on your Twitter
We the people...the forget or disregard usglad these people are there to represent us
Yep, GOP has us focused on health care. Trump has us focused on NFL. Russia is out of limelight. But you know who is still focused? #MUELLER
I came with my organ donors picture USCG Fireman Michael Bovill saved my life with a beautiful heart that fit AMEN  #preexistingconditions
Why are police dragging out disabled people and blocking citizens from the public forum?
@GOP don't want to hear them - the Koch brothers will cut off their funds if repeal doesn't pass. So they want constituents silenced.
Its not convenient, comfortable nor easy for each of those wonderful people to show up. Kudos!!
And will continue to be dragged out and arrested for as long as the corrupt GOP remain in charge.
@SenKamalaHarris ,YES in this min 3:14pm.CT.(Family) TRUTH,  
4:00pm @CNN  @SenKamalaHarris,
5:00pm CT. @SenKamalaHarris Having seen you vote,also talking to @SenCortezMasto,@SenatorCantwell, others Senator's TRUTH, 
Welcome to Trump Dictatorship..  Kick everyone out who has a voice.. He doesn't care.
But, RIGHT NOW, Please GET BIPARTISAN Support & Reassure Americans the YUGE Premiums & Deductibles will be FIXED! OPEN STATE LINES! PLEASE!
My health insurance was fine UNTIL DEMOCRATS FUBARED IT!
NO GOVERNMENT IN HEALTH INSURANCE! 
Why are police arresting people in Wheel chairs? Does the @HouseGOP think they are in the Turkish Government?
Expect us.
Leaving it alone is NOT the option we seek!
Medicare for all or single payer - Congresses choice.....
Please run in 2020 for President!

You have my vote 
Please Please #Resist #KillTheBill
Excellent




