@SenKamalaHarris in 2020
Keep fighting the good fight. America has your back.
Maybe you can remind the @GOP they work for the American citizens, and not Putin.
Generally speaking, I think the American people deserve exactly what they ask for at the polls. Still, I am not arguing with your premise.
The American people asked for Clinton to become POTUS.  We did not get that.

And _nobody_ deserves what Trump et al. are doing.
"You can fool some of the people all the time . . . ." Nothing new here.
Senate must DEMAND WH to either immediately deliver secret recordings to subcommittee or articles of impeachment be written.

Red flag #2: Deputy AG Rosenstein wouldn't commit in writing that Mueller has full independence to conduct probe w/o risk of being fired
10/ 
Sen harris i honestly wnted 2smack Sen Burr when he let his sexism&gopcollusional spirit show while u were questioning Rosenstein.#Resist
Can you spell & think #joke
Keep it up, Senator.  This is why we voted for you!
Much love and support to you, sister! We need more like you!
Kamala Harris wouldn't know the truth if it fell on her because she's such a compromised individual and crooked.
Hey arborsierra 77 what have YOU done with your life? Senator Kamala is accomplished, intelligent, confident. What r u ?
She has the intelligence of a chicken and obviously so do you!
The truth  madam is hidden some place in your rectum
Keep them on the hot seat, Senator. And let's see some decisivie action towards eventual impeachment of our foolish fearless leader!
What we deserve is 4 our representatives 2 end this waste of time that should be used 2 create jobs tax cuts ACA pass etc not soundbites
Yep and we got it! You dems need to end this ridiculous witch hunt! Or not, keep digging your own graves #maga
We have the truth thanks. No collusion, Comey leaked documents to hurt our president, and Lynch protected Clinton. Can we move on now?
What are you going to do when you run out of Witches to hunt???
Did you get any of your questions answered in the closed hearing?
Tbone deposed under oath...stick a fork in him as he's done.
Strong and don't take prisoners. You're what the Dems desperately need now.
She is good I like here !!!!
Thankful to call you my Senator!
I'm glad you think the American people got truth under the Obama Adm. #joke
Would you realize it, the truth
Thank you.
Then why are you and the media making up lies??
And bs is what we getting and going to get 
@tkdmike @Blavity  IDK the sens. on either side of Kamala Harris as she questioned Comey but they acted like fidgety brats.
I like to play with these combinations but I think I've got it.

Harris / Rye 2020

@angela_rye
Can you run for president? Please?
Sooner than later.
Really?
Speak loudly please !
@jamescomey1 knew he was fired the minute @POTUS was elected He was always in @HillaryClinton camp for decades ; math101
I really enjoyed your questions to Mr. Comey yesterday. Keep doing what you are doing.
Keep digging. Our Constitution is stronger and more valuable than Trump's ego!
A Wonder Woman in The Senate .
Why?

You've managed to live without it years - so why now?
Thank you Senator.
Love her
Thank you Senator
I voted for you because I believe you have the strength and integrity to hold  Trump and the GOP accountable. We need ur leadership Senator
At minimum took oath with the respect of law and career work for AMERICA not a party politician! Full respect
Senator Harris 2020!
ok the senator definitely is considering running in 2020, that's a good thing.
Truth:Comey leaked, Lynch had a deal with Bill Clinton regarding Killary, Rice lied about Benghazi &video,the 3 should go to jail. #MAGA
The rest of the world are also very interested. Thank you for doing what you do. 
And not from rude old men who can't let people speak their minds w/o cutting them off because they don't like what they have to say!!
Senator, thank you for all you do for the people of this country. You are an impeccable example of no-nonsense, for-the-people leadership.
Yes, Senator - the truth - if 45 is capable of said truth.
Get em, gurl
Yes, we need the truth about your involvement in the Prime Healthcare Services scandal. Let's see if you can live by the words you preach!
Thank you for fighting so hard for Californians and democracy.
WE Are No Longer a FACTOR in this Country....Our Only Trajectory Now...is being the Brunt of neoCON ABUSE~
Please Help Us Kamala~
Keep at Ms Harris t is a mobster we know this! He is ONE big obstruction of justice and the EMOLUMENTS clause
Thanks For Showing What Democracy Looks Like Senator Harris
You are our next President!
Senator Harris,

Where can we report hate crimes and be heard?

We're losing our ability to speak up daily.

It's only a matter of time.
I'm distraught by the lack of support from our leadership in Illinois.

These issues affect us all.

Unfortunately many of us have no voice.
No more visa selling, Putin loving, Comey dissing, cancer skimming lies. 
Americans deserve the truth.
And we shall have it.  Stay relentless.
You are gonna be in the pool of VP candidates, at minimum, for 2020 if you keep all this up. You're getting noticed
You are hardly the purveyor of truth. The ONLY obstruction of justice is the Clinton-AG Lynch-Comey collusion and Comey's relentless leaks.
Regarding Russia and Trump, we deserve the truth. Regarding the secret health care plan, we deserve the truth.
Rewrite: Americans deserve the truth.
Thanks for representing us in these hearings, Senator! We need a prosecutor like yourself in these chambers!
Yep and you Senator Kamala Harris are just the brilliant wonder woman to deliver the truth. You are fierce. Keep blowing it up. #RESIST
Look at how ardently GOP leadership is fighting to ensure the truth remains buried.
Senator, you have loooootttts of fans, thank you for your integrity and elegant shade
Get'em
Harris is the top of Tier 2 for 2020.  Tier 1: Sanders, Biden, Warren are tough to beat, but age is on Harris side. Will be interesting.
If Kamala Harris is top tier for 2020 then you have a very low bar!
Have no doubt you will get it!
Awesome! So, why isn't Steve Mnuchin in prison?
A thousands thank yous
