Trying to get it ready for Hillary....nice!

Hillary might be able to give you some inside information.
Holy God! Its taking an ActOfCongress to provide female prisoners w/free tampons &to NOT SHACKLE PREGNANT WOMEN?! #womensrights #humanrights
@HillaryClinton & Loretta Lynch will be so happy to hear that.
Why are the women being focused on? What about all the violence and abuse in the male prisons?

prison is not supposed to be a day spa. Do the crime get the time.
23% of @POTUS nominees have been confirmed by the Senate. At this point in his presidency, Obama had 69%. Dem obstruction is unprecedented.
The 3 stooges, Curly, Pockahuntass, Will Browns Ho=Aunt Jamalla
Of all people, you know damn well men always get longer sentences. They get away with sexual assault on minors.
Thank you Senators. High fives from @CleanAirMoms_NJ !! 
But according to the far left, Booker is a corrupt neoliberal shill
Everything isn't black and white. Probably the biggest far left issue is single payer healthcare, which he does not really support.
Even Bernie pulled back on single payer.  So I guess y'all are abandoning him too? Oh wait no. Different rules for KING BERNIE.
He never pulled back, he simply said that it is not realistic to try to pass single payer with a Republican controlled Congress that
has no interest in a bipartisan solution.
Decriminalizing "moral" crimes, especially drug use, would keep many from being there in the first place. Waste of tax $ & more signft fix.
Problem with drug use is that junkies turn to crime when they need a fix. Agree jail isn't the answer but most think they don't need help
Then prosecute them for that crime
What can we do to keep them from being put behind bars?
How are they treated? Different than their male counterparts? Food may be better.
Lawsuit: Sheriff David Clarke’s jail forced a woman to give birth while in shackles
No one deserves to deliver a child while in shackles.
They're in prison because they're criminals  If they need to be shackled, so be it.  Stop being soft on crime
Do they get free tapons and pads on the outside? Lizzy doesn't want em shackled so it's easier to get to a clinic for a free abortion.
If men had periods, tampons and pads would be free, no questions asked.  Pro-Choice does not = Abort every baby that we can.
I don't agree that abortions should be banned as sometimes necessary for medical reasons but I don't agree with free abortions.
Be careful which illegal actions you join.  The cannon foder will follow you.
#trust they are both perfectly good candidates and the hill to climb for the place the both are running for will be a compfy 1..
I wouldn't be proud to stand with those two assholes
How is it Democrats keep getting these wild eyes kooks like Elizabeth Warren? This simply can't be good for Democrats.
You should be locked up
Hillarys America - Carol Swain interview with Dinesh https://youtu.be/E4_wqwbLeh4  via @YouTube
If they were not criminals they would not be in prison. When are you ultra liberals going to accept the fact that lawbreakers made decision
Because fathers aren't separated from their kids? Maybe if they didn't commit crimes, there wouldn't be so many of them in there.
They have broken the law, therefore I don't care, the far left disgusts me.
yes
This is insanity... how about working to keep women from committing crimes to land them behind bars??
#OpLibTard will have fun with this!.. Theres a new rehab open for you.
http://www.disobeydisobey.com/page10.html 
Warrens days are numbered. You might want to distance yourself from here. Then again maybe flushing all 3 of you cupcakes isn't a bad idea !
Men are really scared of women NOW!Fact: Albany's NOW organization is Gone! More Significant increase in Women arrested, harrassed & killed?
SEN WARREN gets $400,000 a year to teach ONE CLASS. then she preaches the colleges cost to much? what a hypocrit
Ok then iam with you
Thank you Senator Harris for taking time to put the work in for awareness and truly try to make These United States - one nation..
Give me a break. Stop giving special treatment to women.
Great team! Thanks for having a man working with you both on women's issues.
Why is Washington politics proceeding as normal with traitors in WH & GOP congress?

They are destroying . Enough!

#ShutItDown
People in flint Michigan still can't drink a clean glass of water  but these fools want to make prisoners comfy?!?! PRIORITY?!
This my DNC dream team. I'd vote any of these three President.
They should get mints and rose petals left on their pillows every morning & special chocolate for those that murdered people
Two crooks and two idiots.
World changers You!!
If they can't do the time than they shouldn't do the crime.
@SweetArreitLove
I'm sure @IvankaTrump will appreciate that when her turn comes up on the wheel of treason! Especially with the billions she is stashing
@RevDrBarber @RevJJackson @JeremiahWright @TheRevAl @MadisonSiriusXM @ministter @thelauracoates @ACLU @splcenter @NAACP_LDF @NAACP @NPR
@RevDrBarber @RevJJackson @JeremiahWright @TheRevAl @MadisonSiriusXM @ministter @thelauracoates @ACLU @splcenter @NAACP_LDF @NAACP @NPR
Who knew that Women in prison don't even get adequate menstrual supplies. How is that sanitary or humane. Give Women their dignity back
Yeah...it's "dignified" to be incarcerated, as long as OTHER people are financing MY welfare and comfort.
This is great!
Great! Now why don't they try and improve health care, and reduce taxes?!
I think she is trying to soften up the prisons for when she ends up there
3 of my fav Dems. 
#NeverWaiver #AlwaysFocused
#Harris/Booker2020
Elizabeth Warren you have no shame. You Go meet Pakistani army general whose track record on women rights is atrocious & ask women rights
Oh boy, more posturing, nonsense 'legislation' that is unfounded and no one cares about.  Is this the 'big' crisis we should worry about?
Women are still allowed to be shackled while pregnant, which the bill would prohibit.
I can't imagine giving birth in handcuffs over shoplifting!!!What happened to USA!Was looking good for a while.Oh yeah, Republicans took ova
Yup, for 4 years, and there is nothing you can do about it, wait, you could go join your friends in your cute little protests.
Really no faith y'all still allowing the Federal govt to impose a 18-1 penalty on crack.SOLVE THAT ISSUE FIRST  we know cocaine is worse !
You should upgrade your company. A poser, and a screecher. Shit show.
Maybe stop licking mother's up for stupid stuff like drug offences. Rey spending money in rehabbing them instead.
Thank you and fight against private prisons for profit. They are not monitored and the health care and food are like POW camps.
Good luck on that.  Could give insight from exp if it would help?
See Democrats. Good n Noble
And how Congresswomen are treated when at the microphone in Congress. #interruptions #yetshepersisted
Please also join Sen. Booker's new bill to abolish the sham voter fraud commission!
Wonderful Senators thank you for you dedicated service !
While you're patting yourselves on the back...93% of prisoners are men.
Booker SOLD OUT to big pharma. He cannot be trusted. Please don't align urself with him Kamala. Mistake.
Ms Harris, wake up;with Booker & Warren u are destroying urself
Try not to join @CoryBooker at AIPAC, mkay?
I wonder if it's any different than how they're treated as human beings period
Thank you! We must continue to fight for both prison reform & criminal justice reform under Sessions.
THANK YOU!
No thanks on Booker. He sold out to big pharma. DISGUSTING
Booker an old fashion ORIO

Kampala u have terrible logic with Warren & Bookerthey'll bring u all the way down
Matthew 25: 35-46
Thinking of #Americans other than self, working to rep vs #insults Help folks who need ass Like #working vs getting $ Novel, correct #POTUS
This must be done. Thank you
We think it's great that you're concerned for how @HillaryClinton will be treated behind bars.
And how all the females in your clan are already being treated. Drug addiction and inbreeding run rampant in your family tree.
How about reducing and removing long sentences for non violent offenders. No reason some 16 yr old should get locked up cause they use THC
And in the senate hearings
So....what are we getting ready to let prisoners vote?
12:30pm ct. @CSPAN 2 U.S. Senate;  Assembly Voting ; WATCHING, Sen. Kamala Harris
YES! With you in Senate chamber, having spoken to Sen. Patty Murray of Washington., TRUTH
Whenever in camera view I can; Sen. Kamala Harris seated,talking to other Senators.TRITH
What great company! Why hasn't @MaxineWaters joined you? A team of American traitors.
Yeah, you never know for the future.....
I love your work and attitude Kamala!! Keep it up! Thanks, stew.
Thank you thank you thank you - what government is for - to ensure we are all treated equally under the law always
We truly observe body language, eye contact, those who are interrupted, and those who are NOT interrupted! Right makes wrong nervous!

No running water nor AC at Lowell Correctional leads to ‘subhuman conditions’
http://www.miamiherald.com/news/special-reports/florida-prisons/article160786574.html …
U need to hurry before #Potus and crew work to make sure all prisoners live at Gitmo and have no access to rights..or dignity.
With Trump in the WH I wouldn't be surprised if he reopened Alcatraz without any renovations.
Cory Booker also likes big pharma payouts.
Is this what you are basing your tweet on?
Viral image about Democratic senators and 'big pharma' is misleading
The dream team is on this! Thank you for caring about the most vulnerable. That's the mark of greatness in people & governments.
The "most vulnerable" are children; not adult female offenders (many of whom have HARMED their children.)
Out of these three, at least one will be POTUS one day.
Hahahahahahahahahaha
I am so very proud of all of you for doing this.
Currently in SF http://amp.miamiherald.com/news/special-reports/florida-prisons/article160786574.html …
