All due respect @KamalaHarris but you are obviously not on Medicare. They choose which illnesses to pay for or not: Who lives who dies.
Medicare is no different from any insurance company except no one will have any other option than 2 let Government decide who lives or dies.
Perhaps they could write the new bill where our Doctors make those decisions.
Doctors who use #AMA's "Do Not Treat" list already do. Phil Donohue exposed the List in late 80s.
They need to change somethings and now is the time to do it. I realize it's complicated. Much more work is needed.
And  thoughtful work that listens to patients not just hospitals, physicians, and insurance companies.
Indeed a must!
No wall! I would prefer that money goes to good healthcare. Why pay for a wall when we could use that money to save lives! I live in Ca!
Welcome to the right side of history. Hope you stay with us.
You're a pandering doofus.
No surprise progressive leadership believes that stealing from taxpayers is "the right thing to do"
Stealing from taxpayers to build a stupid wall. I say no to them, I do not want them to use our taxpayers money to build the wall!
Yes! Most intelligent & humane way forward. HC should NEVER be profit engines.
Years of overlooking the Immigration laws hascreated a problem, and overlooking it again is not the answer.
That's gonna cost u votes Baby boomers VOTE AND we paid in .PROUD DEM NOT A SOCIALIST Hard not 2 want a refund now that U want 2 give away.
You will blow your chances at a run for POTUS by confusing the people A dem is a dem . And a socialist is a socialist UR  who u hang with .
Respectfully.
I expect a refund for Medicare I paid in my whole life . ACA works for many leave them alone .Now figure out something 4 rest.
The 2 of you can start by tellingus  that your healthcare with preexisting coverage is what WE DEMAND Congress is no better us red or blue
who is going to pay for all this shit?
yes
PLS SENATR KAMALA HARRIS SERIOUSLY CONSIDR RUNING 4 PRESDENT IN 2020
I WLL PERSONLY DONTE F U DO!
You can't balance a homeless persons checkbook and now you want to give even more away for FREE? Typical Democrat...
That FREE you ignorant people keep using means: OUR TAXES going to US vs war, pentagon waste, and all the other things we don't want to pay.
Even if there is no money for it.
Does that mean its written in the bill that Congress.must use it?  If not youre a liar
Keep the Govt OUT of healthcare!!
Keep govt and MY TAX DOLLARS out of wars I don't believe in! Put it towards AMERICANS needs.
Americans do Not get health care
can not afford it we r left to die
or loose everything we worked our lives for,
2 get treatment
RT if Agree
I sent Dmocrats my view of single Payer as Medicare for all, 55 up current monthly cost and 55 down double the monthly Medicare cost.
And who in the he!! is going to pay for it???? Its not free!!! 47% who are working to pay these bills cant talke their own family to the DR
Why?  Why ruin your reputation by aligning with the fraud BS?
Yes, why would you ruin your reputation by aligning with most popular politician in America?
who is the most popular?  LOL.  That "poll" was done by a mere 2000 berners!  Not even a legit poll.  BS and the bots just keep repeating it
We don't want a Medicare for All bill. We don't want a "One Pay" system
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @voxdotcom
Right for whom? How well does socialism work in other parts of the world. How about Senators going on Sanders plan?
Do you have Medicare??? Why not give all American taxpayers access to what you have for HC( paid by taxpayers).
you are looking very sweet my dear,please write back to me oke?
I hope this isn't just your public view, but also your private view. Ask HRC how her private views impacted her.
Because she's not in California's state legislature@
1. She was NEVER in the state legislature. She was a city attorney & then state AG. 2. Quit yelling. 3. No need to resort to name calling.
If you truly want to fight for single payer, fight to enact it in California.
She is a US Senator not Cali
She's a Senator FROM California, so she can still twist some arms in her home state.
Got a point. Sanders did with Burlington College bank loan.  However, THAT is Gov's job.
How do we pay for it?
TAXES, lots of taxes, if you own a small business, you get more taxes, if you make any money at all, more taxes.
"a 2.3% gross receipts tax on businesses and a 2.3% sales tax"
.@HillaryClinton blasts "unrealistic" Sanders for 'lasting damage' http://cnn.it/2vHZeAD —Deny #UniversalHealthCare

I think John Conyers has been trying to get Medicare for all since 2003.  Where was Bernie?
Medicare for all means rationed care and longer wait times.Also means the governtment will get to deduce whether u receive life saving trtmt
Can you also cosponsor a bill forbidding cops from gunning down unarmed citizens and mandate zero tolerance for cops who don't abide?
"Do you pay the government or do you pay a private insurer?” we've seen govt healthcare w/the VA, so no-brainer.
"Doctors, would likely have to get paid less & patients would have to accept different standards of access&comfort."
So, @SenKamalaHarris you're totally fine with that? Good to know.
Awesome, now stop ruining the lives of sex workers
TY Kamala!
Does that make you FEEL good...?
Spending other people's money to ensure your voter base gets more freebies I mean...
Trying to out commie the commie?
Will you also endorse & promote #sb562 in CA? It's also the right thing to do. Hoping you're more than just a political opportunist
"Just the right thing to do" is a pretty weak argument
Have you formally announced yet or is this just positioning in anticipation of that?
Go ahead and just destroy health-care in the name of coverage for all. Oh, and how are you going to pay for it?
Medicare is no saving Grace .I'm on it sucks .Those of us that PAID In & Earned it want A REFUND.If u give it free now u owe me 57yearrefund
This just shows what a mixed race woman with an IQ in the low 90s can achieve. Ain't America great!
Exercise Ur girl Pwr,"reclaim......
So she uses Bernie's bill and starts email campaign with it to ask for donations to her campaign
Has she?
Received two of them today
Oh wow.
Cover letter says she is supporting Bernie's bill and when you click on it it opens into an ACTBLUE screen asking for donations for her
Reparations for African Americans. It's just the right thing to do.
Can I pay for your gas and iPhone too?
Yassssssss
I don't trust you and think your co-sponsorship is a ploy.
Thank you!! 
Ride his coattails all you want so long as it becomes the next Human Rights Act in these United States
No, that is Communist. Murica is not Communist, we reserve our healthcare for the elite.

YAY so then everybody's healthcare will be just like the VA. You've all lost your damn minds!
“Everyone deserves good health care,” said Abhimanyudas Das, 66, of Vallejo!  Yes we do! #Medicare4All
You and @BernieSanders?! I'm off your train. 
Another lefty loser trying to make American into a socialist hell. Go to Venezuela that is what you want.
THANK YOU...
Hillary Clinton status quo surrogate, progressives know you...
Thank you Madam President (Hint, hint)
There's no better methodology for promoting a healthy economy, than looking after the health of all your citizens. Make America great again!
I hope I'm wrong but The Bernie supporters will still find a way to be against Kamala...I'm With Her!!!
Wonder why @JoyAnnReid didn't retweet this...lmao...wonder why indeed...
your history doesn't support this stand on health care, why are you really doing this? i hear you like to be president someday in 2020.
Thank you.
. crushing the racist filth that is the #orangecounry CA criminal justice system was also the right thing to do - you can't pick and chose
How much will Medicare pay doctors? If it's less in any case, will there be debt forgiveness for their student loans?
Bravo!!! A liberal actually standing for progressive solutions...Who'd have thunk it?
How about u learn to run the VA first.....
Yeah, sign me up right after you and the rest of the "public servants" sign up for Medicaid/MediCal.
You know if Bernie sanders promotes something it's bad for the country it's just giving something for free and bad policy#useYourBrain
You would give anything for free to further your ambitions we see through this bullshit. How about being a good steward of our tax money
Are you crazy? Bernie is a socialist Medicare for all would deplete our resources so much we need a strong military and care for vets
Universal health care is THE only option. Health care for all.
From this Canadian's humble opinion--the country is a much better place when everyone's health is attended to.
Thank you
I'm all in on this. Single payer should've been law 40 years ago. Better late than never, especially with this.
I don't want Medicare! I don't think 280 Million Americans want Medicare....I purchase a product I like, I don't want your welfare program!
So is hitting the streets in CA to march with the people for #SinglePayer. When can we expect more than a photo op? #WhatWouldBernieDo
Thank you for co-sponsoring this bill, but why now? Why haven't you been a supporter of MFA until now? Appears like it's fir political gain.
YOUR Base, voted for you and Hillary, NOT Bernie. REMEMBER that.
hahaha.....

Your name & the words 
"the right thing to do" should Not be
in the same sentence... 

#PrisonLaborLover
#YOU
A fellow comrade agrees with @SenKamalaHarris and @SenSanders:
And #SB562 ?
This is not a solution, single-payer does not work any better than an ACA repeal....just let ACA work
Agree. But what about funding? ACA has been funded by theft of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. Ask @stevenmnuchin1 @FHFA @MariaBartiromo
This CA voter says HELL NO!
Liar!!!!!    Sell out!!!  Don't hide behind Sanders.  You belong to your   $$$$donors$$$$     not the people!!!!  Liar!!!  @SenKamalaHarris
Health care is NOT a right.  All rights are conveyed through the Constitution, you lightweight.
We are not a socialist country!!
"Most countries who implement universal health care do so through legislation, regulation and taxation."
https://www.medaxiom.com/blog/the-single-payer-vs-universal-coverage-conundrum …


Harris 2020!
See your a Bernie nutcase!   In case you don't comprehend medicare you have to pay in it for years before your eligible for it
Could you provide more info on the Bill?  Please and thank you. Harris2020
I am a dirty wo,an
Hundreds thousands Dr's; nurses are not almonds shaken from trees. @65 Medicare gone! Tax TRILLIONS need 28000 billionaires! Kamela 
Choices for 2020:
1. Warren
2. Warren
3. Warren
How will you pay for it?We have massive deficit/debt.California couldn't make numbers work-how will you?Please be specific.

Take preexisting out have a separate plan for that. Open up to free market sale across state lines and get rid of mandates. Problem solved
Please Senator, get Bernie Sanders off your bill for this!  Real Dems will not support this as long as he is connected to this.  Please!
Nope she won't she's not a good steward of taxpayer money she's aligning w goofy Bernie for the votes it'll backfire# fameChaser
it might be a couple of years too soon...but you might run on it in the platform in 2020
Just wondering why this is your take on this now, but not when Senator Sanders was out there championing this and the DNC smeared him 4 it.
Kamala, are you going to pay for it? #Socialism #MAGA #AlyssaMilanoPayYourTaxes #DeadbeatAlyssaMilano
Can you work on some water storage for California and stop all this grand standing??
Please press *leadership* for debate. We have to decide whether national single-payer or 50+ subsidized *markets* is better. I am no expert.
How can she talk about give "us" health-care when she doesn't pay into it and doesn't have the coverage normal Citizens have?
How about Medicare+ for all? A better version of Medicare.
Yes, Senator! America needs universal healthcare. Country after country show this provides best outcomes for less $.
We support you!
No we don't this shows your desperate attempt to get your face out there to run for prez family Is done w your idiocy this so obvious
Interested to see how the #hillbots react to this. If @SenSanders can push Dems far enough on policy, maybe he won't have to run.
Good. Will it comevwith Tort reform. Getting rid of the insurance companies. Reducing doctors salaries and control of big pharma if not ???
Really? With this Congress? C'mon!
Grat Thank You!
You're a crass politician that wants Californians to pay even more in taxes? This is where you'll loose your vote
You do realize that Medicare doesn't cover at 100%? Medicare covers at 80% & those who choose Medicare Part B pay a premium. It's NOT free!!
Nothing is  free and, read his proposal, he breaks it down for you. He shows you how we can all save thousands each per year.
Thank you
It's time!

And how are you paying for it
It will never pass. Plus Medicare is for Seniors who put money into the plan all their lives. Fix Obamacare.
@Alyssa_Milano Your President just pledge 1 million bucks of his own money to Harvey victims, How can we slander him with This..ready, go!!
@Alyssa_Milano @SenSanders @sacbee_news Now there is a caring responsible leader! 

Will you co-sponsor @BernieSanders legal defense fund raiser?
Many employers only hire part time due to Obama Care. This way no employee insurance is required. Get rid of ACA.
Please share! Only reason you need to vote this woman out! She has no morals! How she get her job? lol She a mistress!
Working taxpaying American Citizens put their hard earn money into Medicare, it is not for parasites, illegal aliens or refugees. GET IT!
Did U Tell Everybody that All 50 STATES has this LAW THAT STATES THE PEOPLE THAT USE MEDICAID MUST PAID IT BACK Or Govt Takes their Assets!
Tell US the Truth! That U going 2 Tax everybody & pocket the $ 4 yourself! Do U want 2 go 1 on 1 with me on ObamaCare? DO YOU, LIAR!
Thank you
Harris/sanders 2020
Wow. Way too suck the old socialist knob! 
That's cool, but watch out for Sanders.  He's the kiss of death for POC.  #HarrisKennedy2020
So that means you are doing all the work while Sanders speaks on tv shows and campaigns!  Just saying...
This is a bad tweet.
Democrats/Republicans in congress has to have all Americans in mind. No more illegal government funding
If @realDonaldTrump got behind that and passed it he might actually have a decent presidency.
It would be the ONLY bright light in a dark administration.
Why don't you hypocrite senators have the same health care like everyone else - failing Obama care
Single-payer will destroy this country.  Funny that your home state abandoned it when they understood the real costs...
Give me any example of a country with socialized medicine that works and their citizens aren't taxed out the ass? This will do that here
You liberals have no problem giving away other's money. You want to redistribute wealth like Obama
Will you be part if it or will you vote to exempt yourselves like you did with Obamacare?
The lemmings are sure to follow DNCs newest #neoglib. #DemExit #FlushCongress2018
@AgentCarter_SSR @SenSanders @sacbee_news THOUGHT YOU WERE GOING TO HELP DID YOU EVEN LOOK AT CANADA'S PLAN SEEMS TO WORK!
@AgentCarter_SSR @SenSanders @sacbee_news HOW WILL THEY THE POOR SICK ELDERLY PAY FOR 20% MEDICARE DOES NOT PAY!
What about the single payer bill in California????
Kamala is not in CA legislature.
Please! Immediately! Thanks in advance for reelection of Trumpy!
Medicare is HORRIBLE coverage. I don't want it!!
Honest question: why are fewer and fewer doctors accepting new Medicare patients?
They can't make money. No money, no doctors.
Medicare is a terrible, expensive, inefficient program that should be ended.  Read:
throw in free college and a new car every 5 years on top of free healthcare, section 8 and food stamps and the zombies will vote 4 u !
Maybe Kamala Harris free healthcare will help with the herpes out break in Hollywood.
I am a Dumbocrat, I don't worry about cost.
Said Lenin, Trotsky, Marx and Kamala Harris!  B very afraid of Kamala Harris!
You ROCK!!!! GO GET 'EM KAMALA!!! 
You're going to take my money and give it to others or force others to give me theirs.  No thanks.  Venezuela shows Socialism doesn't work.
And your comment is somehow relevant to a discussion on a single payer or universal healthcare because?
Because single payer is socialism and it does not work.  ANd single payer is misnamed.  It is actually paid by every person in the US.
If we have Medicare for All, will it cover me when I travel outside of the USA?  That's a problem in countries w/ state provided healthcare.
I hope you run for President 
Kamala Harris is a socialist and we can all see how that turned out for Venezuela
I'm glad the Constitution doesn't allow you to do what you think is the right thing to do
How is it "the right thing to do"? Its just giving YOU and the government more power over other people's health.
Stop trying to turn the USA into Western Europe.Instead how about you and @SenSanders retire as career politicians and get real jobs.
Umm I too do not understand economics. 
Over 30 developed nations in the world would disagree with you on that.
As usual, giving people something for nothing. Letting the working poor pay for everything.
LEAVE MEDICARE ALONE..if that is part of your platform, forget it you WILL lose. I guess we need to start phone calls!
another item from the 'right thing to do' file, prosecute murderous cops when you are in a position to do so #KamalaLovesKillerCops
Removing bail because it puts a burden on criminals is that the right thing to do to???  Seems like you don't know what your fighting for...
Who's gonna pay for it? How? You have literally zero answers.
For all? Are you saying, members of the congress, senators like you and others in govt will all be under this medicare for all bill? Really?
Thank you very much!!!  As one of our former @DemocraticAGs, please keep this foremost in mind as well. / #Mueller @FBI @CIA @TribeLaw
What about prosecuting corrupt bankers that donate $$ to you, is that the right thing to do?... Because you didn't. #WeSeeThroughYouKamala
And why is it the standards never apply for everybody? Explain to me why at this time, you (people in the govt) have a different insurance.
Remember Reagan, "The government is not the solution to the problem, the government (You) is the problem".
But not on the expense of others.
People should have a right to their money. They may chose to help or not help. They may chose who to help. If u want to help others, great
Again you don't know what your doing ! Rates for private/ biz  ins will skyrocket ... socialist! @vj44 @KellyannePolls @IngrahamAngle
It is never a right thing to do, when u impose your demand on other people. It is unAmerican to spend other people's hard earned money.
20,000,000,000,000.... who's going to pay for this?
Your all's hunger for control is unbelievable. Let go of my wallet and stay away from my medical freedom.
I think the thought sounds good, but how much will it actually take to fund? Can it be done without overtaking our economy?
If you and Sanders are for it, I know it's crap. Stop buying votes with our money!
Ahhh....the good old single payer finally raises its head. This is 1 platform she plans on running on 4 president, buy votes with taxpayer $
Not affordable, the private market is all that holds Medicare and Medicaid together right now. This is criminal to give people false hope.
From the party that brought you the hits "If You Like Your Doctor" & "Look At Velenzuela"
