Thank you @clairecmc !
It's the strong women of the Senate and House who will shape the future. Keep fighting! #NeverthelessShePersisted
Thanks Ladies fir standing up for all of us. Its beginning to look as though you Ladies are the only ones trying to do something for people
On behalf of our country I would like to thank all of the #badasswomenDC who are speaking for those who hv no voice 
#FightforJustice
I saw this and it was AMAZING! Thanks 2 all the dem women 4 speaking up for ppl of this country, esp 4 women!
Stick to your guns.  GOP loves to bully intelligent women.  Shows what little men they are.
Thank you for trying to stand up protect the American people from the soulless men in the Republican party.
Will there be a hearing?  *crickets*  *whispers*

Its good. But she makes a few critical mistakes in making her argument. Need even more sharp clarity.
DEMOCRATS SHOULD ANNOUNCE THEY WILL
DENY CONSENT NOW!
#DENYCONSENT
Powerful and righteous request!! Thank you!!
@orlandoandresm4 @clairecmc You mean as transparent as the 22,000 pages of Obamacare,Pelosi stated we have to pass it then
Thanks Sen Harris!! 
#ThatsMySenator
Strong Work! I am impressed that she decided to #StandUpandSpeakOut .Was she the only Senator that had the guts to speak for ppl of USA?
What happened next?  Was there any response to her point and plea?
Who is that old fart?! Get rid of him vote him out! We need to vote these guys & gals, Republicans, out when they come up for reelection!
Oh uh but but ah uh we but uh uh uh. And if tRump, Pence and Ryan get put into Handcuffs this guy is going to be our President. GOD HELP US!
I watched it, he seems oblivious to what she was asking.
I did and appreciate her taking a stand!
Incidentally, Senator Harris: You Rock.
I agree, so join in outrage and make a hearing happen! Dont just talk about it.
I saw this. What the @GOP #GreedOverPeople party is doing is truly unconscionable. We need more level headed and heartfelt women in Congress
Go Clair , you are one of a few with integrity & grit & guts! Go young woman GO!
It will take a woman to "rid the  senate of these meddlesome priests"- to paraphrase Henry(ette) II
Thanks to both of you for your #Courage!
GOPRTraitors
She is amazing - thought of a possible president Hatch if it gets to that, now troubles me very much. Proud of our strong intelligent women!
Yes! It was awesome. She's been fighting so hard for us.

Robert Mueller can incarcerate a sitting President. Prosecute Trump in the federal courts system,. Affording Trump his 5th Amendment rights. 
Proud of her
You need to do more. One meme is not enough. Get on CNN, MSNBC, all the networks. Nothing is more important than this now.
I want to have lunch with the two of you. Tell me what it would take.
Ladies & Gentlemen, Orrin Hatch - #3 in the line of succession
We missed you at your office on Thursday to talk to you about our concerns re: AHCA
If Orrin Hatch is the "Designated Survivor" is the woman instructing him how to respond the "Default Designated Survivor"? "Diaper Changer"?
The @SenateGOP & @GOP Leadership need to be taken out to the woodshed & t taught a lession.
Orrin Hatch another old confused Repub that shld no longer be there. If there's not going to be term limits for God's sake make an age limit
Thank you for sharing that! She is amazing!
Your Russia Conspiracy Bubble has Been Busted. Yoy know the 1 you've known the Trurh about fir a Long Time. Your a Criminal
She was awesome! Rendered Hatch speechless.
Is time to remove the old scenile whiteguys from govt
As a foreign, but very close observer of your politics, I have found it extraordinary to see such spineless GOP!
Three words | Hypocritical Republicans, wow!!!
Thank you for standing up for #WeThePeople. I am disheartened to see @GOPSenFinance @SenMajLeader shameful actions to deny hearings on #AHCA
I'm LOVING these persistent women! Thank you for representing all, not just a select few. Healthcare is important & shouldn't be partisan.
Harris / McCaskill 2020 
Ft
Health care hearing. Ty!
Hun I let these things to you all I have a different job!
so good-Triple kudos @clairecmc!& job well done@SenKamalaHarris during Comey ?s. I'm sure answers in closed Session. No pun intended lol.
An intelligent woman with a strong argument!  She rocks!
Watch this!!!!!!'WATCH THIS AMERICA
Wow that was what I want to see from my government!
It is time Washington to work together!
This is awesome 
She's right. So what are @SenateDems doing to make this practice by @SenateGOP a hellfire? Flood the MSM with appearances and shine a light!
Most powerful video this year re: GOP healthcare secretly plotting to demolish Medicaid, get rid of subsidies hurting ppl truly hateful GOP
definitely girl power! There may not be enough Dems to get it done but the ones we have are great! Thankyou both
Which is exactly why we need more women in all levels of government #vote4women
Wow!!
Love Claire. Now I know @SenKamalaHarris and love her too. Women are only backbones in Washington.
She echoed the sentiments of our entire Dem base. Her words were powerful, straightforward and Im so proud to have the  of KC in DC.
Everyone pay attention to the grumbling the moment she raises her voice. #equality

Oh my God! Help us all!
Yes! More of this! She is dead-on and simply asking to do her job, which McConnell and his gang are denying.
Why aren't there any R women Senators standing up to their leadership denouncing a process that didn't include any women in the committee?
Shocking l don't understand why these republicans want to kick the whole country. Soon they will be kicked out.
Holy cow! Goosebumps! Claire, you are the America's hero!!!!!! God bless you!!!
Needless to say I am not a fan of this human being.
I used to be in Missouri. Know how she treats her constituents? Anyone who doesn't believe what she believes is belittled & marginalized.
She also made the understatement of the decade in saying that mistakes were made in the ACA-- Good admission there. But agree on discussion
Between McCaskill, Warren, Gillibrand, and Harris these women are kicking ass and taking names!!!
Their Democratic male counterparts need to step it up!!
We are calling all you out for doing nothing
#Neverthelessshepersisted  Thank you, Senator!
I wish we got to hear the answer. Hatch needs a nurse now apparently
Well said. Succinct and clear.
Please #retweet. Get the word out!
I love you!!!  #harrisschiff2020
Clearly a small group of Republican staffers are guiding health care legislation.
Clear concise intelligent, no drama, no floridity-Perfect! So it probably won’t work. A woman was speaking, they can’t hear it, won’t get it
Clinton tried.  Harris, Gillibrand, Warren, McCaskill are trying.  All falling on deaf ears and a country undervalues women.
Powerful words from colleague of Kamala Harris on healthcare transparency. Watch Claire McCaskill press the GOP for a healthcare hearing
Claire, I truly thank you. You are a Rock Star! 
If their bill is so fantastic, why are they not showing it proudly? What is the @GOP Senate hiding? #ShowUsTheBill
Well said but they are not going to change. That's how they are. They don't play by the rules&definitely not following ethics! #winin2018
We need more strong women like @SenKamalaHarris @clairecmc @SenWarren & @NancyPelosi in Congress who refuse to be patronized. Proud of you
Please support her contact your state  congressman& Demand TRANSPARENCY. We know we cannot trust the GOP to be fair& do right 4 ALL.PRT
This is ridiculous. This needs to change. Americans are not being represented by their legislatures.
Isn't that a novel idea.  Why wasn't the same transparency afforded the House and Senate when #ACA was shoved down our throats?
The Republican were not included on any of the discussions surrounding the ACA, which is why not a single Republican voted for the ACA.
Its all about the women smarts!Great Job Sen. Harris.If you can,ask about the meeting (Woolsey, Flynn,et al) alleged plot to kidnap Gullen.
Like when Obamacare was pushed through reconciliation? Your memory sucks!!
.@Maddow could really help .@SenKamalaHarris & .@clairecmc inform the America ppl #Trumpcare #Maddow
To strong women....
Senator McCaskill was outstanding in the way she handled this. Outstanding.
Agree 
The GOP's attempt to ram through their Billionaire relief/wealth redistribution campaign they call the AHCA, is an egregious assault.
The women of our Congress have made me so proud! Please keep fighting the good fight. We need you all and more like you!
She was fantastic!! If only Portman or that other Ohio rep would put people over party.
Everything about this is ridiculous and shocking. If it passes this will destroy me and my families lives and countless others.. Sigh.
#Clairemc was amazing 
Thank you for sharing this Kamala
I'm afraid to ask if that guy is #4 in line for Presidency if Trump, Pence and Ryan are jailed
i am confident we'll get 3 Rs to flip. keep up the great work you're doing. it's appreciated.
Why is there no public hearing or debate??
Because tax cuts for rich and throwing people off health care isn't popular.
Excellent
@SenateGOP @CNN Secretly advancing ACHA with 20% public support unconscionable, undemocratic #ProtectOurCare
What is our call to action?  How to be most effective?

She wanted the #WonderWomen award you got yesterday. Thank you for continuing to fight for US.
