Turn off the TV Kamala and go there and make a differance
We cannot trust the #LIARINCHIEF & #INEPTWH take care of Puerto Rico!! We have talented, genius businesswomen N men-gigantic companies
in CA alone!There are people dying&eating DOG FOOD!I would b ok in them receiving a deduction for building infrastructure, bringing meds,etc
Innovators of new products or creators of mini houses? pre-fabricated?! Medical equipment? Just like the chefs,using their god given talents
Vieques & Culebra military Superfund sites
If he thought he could get that $33?Mil in debt he left them with back, he probably would be more willing to help.
Thank you again. And again. And again.
this is where we should be heading
Don't ask Trump, just DO IT!
2words ,, criminal negligence #ImpeachTrumpNow
Yes @SenKamalaHarris in these mins TRUTH, 5 :55pm ,
@SenKamalaHarris, 8:57pmct. @MLB AL Wild Card Game, @Twins  4 vs @Yankees 5, TOP 4th INNING☻
10:00pm @MLB AL Wild Card Game @Twins 4 vs @Yankees 7,   TOP  7th INNING, @SenKamalaHarris,  almost time for the (Stretch) ☻
2/2 @SenKamalaHarris. New York
11:04pm @FX ch. American Horror Story: Cult, @SenKamalaHarris, TRUTH(Family) 
https://twitter.com/SamuelA71459883/status/915722149427601408 … 
How can the US not afford to give the appropriate aid to Puerto Rico?
Mexico slaps Trump in face by offering aid to Puerto Rico after his disastrous visit http://www.newsweek.com/mexico-sending-aid-puerto-rico-after-trumps-disastrous-visit-677754 …
THIS prez is oit of WHACK
I need paper towels, my two kids are MAKING quite a mess,please Donald.

Lying MSM attacks Trump for not being in Puerto Rico & now they are attacking Trump in Puerto Rico. No matter what he does they attack him.
just like your lying dotard
Nearly the entire electrical infrastructure was destroyed, how do you airlift electricity?
Democrats are not that smart
Puerto Rico was broken before this disaster. Why do you only care about it now. Shame on all of you.
shame on the dotard and his fascist goons.  the only solution
OK, we know...your political harping is so egregious
the con man thinks throwing rolls of paper towels will solve the problem.  impeach the dotard.
Sen. Harris, Pls make sure USVI are also included. Haven't heard reports of relief headed to those Americans.
It took a hurricane to uncover the long standing problems the corrupt government inflicts on its citizens. You’re so out of touch w/reality.
Let them have 1 roll of paper towels, sayeth Dotard Donald.
What was San Juan's mayor doing? Giving interviews standing in front of pallets of food, She could have made something happen.
Just able to reach my friends in Puerto Rico. They are in need for tarps for roofs. My husband and I are sending what we can. Spread word.
Yet but 45 thought they could use paper towels? I guess he thought he was at the zoo when he was throwing them at the people. Disgraceful
Meanwhile, P-45 is throwing them paper towels and telling them they've "thrown our budget a little out of whack"? #TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist
thanks
Trump: lemme get you some paper towels
You really shouldn't listen to the Mayor of San Juan. Foolish to do so. You do know Senator that the US has a Marine Corps, right?
If more people with political power would say something astoundingly PROFOUND it would be powerful.Trump believes everything is great!
It made me sick watching him throw stuff to the crowd! Looked like throwing a bone to a dog! ASSHOLE!!
قایل توجه اعضای محترم کنگره
But hey, under #DONTARD #BLOTUS logic, if you are hungry, throw them paper towels. If you are thirsty, tell them they are ruining the budget
And #FakePresident is tossing out #KochBrother approve Brawny paper towels pais for w/tax payer $$. #ImpeachTrumpNow
Yes we know Kamala. You keep reminding us how much they are suffering. What have you done, PERSONALLy, to help besides complain?
So, what are they supposed to do with those paper towels? #clueless or #derelictionofduty
He does not care.
Trump is shameful n embarrassing
These are people of color, who Trump has no regard for. They have no electoral votes, so are totally irrelevant to him. He doesn't care.
Folks in #PuertoRico are clearly NOT "fellow Americans," at list within the @WhiteHouse 
#Trump's longstanding #racism rules out his accepting their citizenship and humanity. He does absolutely the least he can get away with.
Tell Tangerine Idi Amin vegas doesn’t need him here
@JoyAnnReid people w/ access & celebrity are stepping up since Gvt can't or won't https://twitter.com/bethenny/status/915270431447425024 … 
3.4mil Americans
Someone find me a C130 plane to transport oxygen. #PR911 as a reference.
Oh shut up this is just st political
I heard President Trump brought a golf trophy to them... That will help a lot... ;)
On a totally different subject... Have you noticed how most Puerto Ricans, including myself, seem to be "slightly" darker than Texans...???
Trump visited the well to do part of the island where the homes were able to mostly withstand the hurricane winds. Other parts? Bad photo op

But they have paper towels.
Forgot to include you.
@HillaryClinton @SenSanders @SenWarren Why are you such vile human beings? You MUST know how deeply you're despised.
https://twitter.com/ingrahamangle/status/914881896772972544 …
You are listening to the mayor. She didn't attend FEMA status meetings where her input might of helped with distribution of supplies.
But they have paper towels, thanks, trump
You should quit watching the MSM hacks and get a clue.  However, you won't.  You're too stuck in unfounded tweets that mean nothing.
"FELLOW AMERICANS" IS A FALSE EQUIVALENCY. Shame on you 4 perpetuating this lie. Puerto Ricans are not Constitutional Citizens. U know it.
Why do you mention that Puerto Ricans are Americans, but never referred to Texans as Americans?
Maybe if the corrupt mayor of Sj had kept the infarstucture up to date-they would b better off--where did the money go?
Trump said they don't need flashlights anymore. Did he find a magic switch to turn on electricity for everyone?
Living without infrastructure is very hard. Basic life sustainability is not to be taken for granted.
but now they have paper towels, so all is good
I bet The Obama's wouldn't have flown to PR . I'm sure he would given a good speech and given a free ride by the press

Hi @potus @realDonaldTrump - this is @WCKitchen plan I want to put forward w/ @fema & others to help feed Puerto Rico!! #ChefsForPuertoRico 
They have been suffering for along time due to incompetent government
it hard with roads out shape and no communication to get out of Ports to the people lack of those check the items and trucks to delivery
Oh, but he passed out paper towels. Even let PR know they don't need flashlights. Do hope we can do better.
and the heartless trump wont give them flashlights but throws them towels
BUT TRUMP ONLY DO SOMETHING IF THERE'S A BUCK IN IT FOR HIM.
Oh shut up
But, he threw paper towels at them. Doesn't that count for something?
CNN says the people are now eating dog food and some of the remote cities.
OMG, Trump’s head is going to explode!
No, I saw the video. @potus gave them paper towels, flashlights, batteries, and small tins of cat food.
Maybe you and your corrupt cohorts should be part of the solution. NOT the problem. Theres only ONE thing dems do so well -- judge
But they got a golf tournament dedicated to them, what's the problem
But...but...Trump visited and took pictures and threw paper towels at everyone. He said everything was great now...
Give it up, kam. Ur spin of what is really the truth is insulting. Makes u look smaller than u already are
Are solar panels and people  with installation knowledge being sent to PR? The homes/businesses need electricity now, not waiting for grids.
A friend writes, "I have heard of such people, but I don't believe that before Trump I had actually seen a person born without a soul."

Humanity denied
CNN political analyst: Trump is a joke of a president
Bethenny Frankel is making things happen down there while Trump throws paper towels and congrats himself...
International Aid Agency OXFAM have stepped up. They assessed. and felt the USA was not sending enough assistance to Puerto Rico. Google it.
Yet, the politicians were forced to placate #TrumpleThinSkin in order to not be further punished. True #AmericanHorrorStory smh
This was happening before the hurricane. Why didn’t you address it then?
Calling on #45 is pointless. Use your co-equal power to force his hand--better yet: go around him! He has neither the will nor the ability.
Power system in PR is owned by the state. Power plants are fine but grid, which was poorly maintained, was destroyed. Government at its best
#ImpeachTrumpNow He must also promise to never darken their doorstep again!
Go down and figure it out Kamala instead of whining about it
How is it going to prioritize when he doesn’t even know that 95% of the population doesn’t have electricity?
Give them temp food stamps too. Like Houston gets

C'mon ! What about that nice trophy?
trump does not care plan & simple,  they cant vote for him
I think your commas are in the wrong place. @realDonaldTrump does not plan, does not care, and is quite simple.
His behavior is dereliction of duty on behalf of Am citizens
And?  PR ran their infrastructure into the ground like you & Jerry brown are doing to California.  Be part of the solution not the problem.
Thank you.  Not sure Trump appreciates amt. of damage. Today told PR today they didn't need flashlights anymore. Only 5% have electricity
@CarmenYulinCruz is hoarding supplies
I bet @realDonaldTrump hates it when the opposition jumps on his back at any opportunity, rational or not. Did Obama's letter cover that?
As a Senator, don't you have access to the latest information? There is plenty of food and water. It is the distribution
He is a asshole nd should be removed all his ppl also but no one but him his supporters n the GOP that cover 4 him should apologize
They’ll be okay, trump threw some paper towels at them, and said to have fun.
Thrilled to have him as POTUS, put EVERYONE knows you bring mustard to hurricane victims. Duh.
Many people are saying mustard is great
I heard that more people said paper towels ... the biggest crowd came for them... fake news won't report it. Sad!

Another False Narrative from @SenKamalaHarris .  She is worse than Hillary with these False narratives.
They have like three rolls of paper towels now. So I guess America is great again.
And ONLY twelve have died. Totally on top of the world.
It's going to be way more
...and then they had to suffer through Trump.
We know.   Does he?
Mr. Trump #OpenedFedCoffers #CorruptPR needs to do some things by themselves #MPRGASometime
Why doesn't Trump board a helicopter to fly over the real devastation?  Looked like he walked along a debris free street.
And in US Virgin Islands too.
Thx for the update. What have you Done about it? Your girl was wearing heels any comment ??
But they have paper towels...
And knowing that Donald Trump decline to let them use their food stamps to buy hot meals. Knowing they have no electricity
But they have paper towels thanks to Donnie tater tot hands
This is definitely important
Too many in Puerto Rico are still without power or drinking water. I just requested a Science Cmte hearing on Puerto Rico's electrical grid: 
But they have paper towels.
Why isn't California sending aid ourselves? We can and we should.
And @SenJeffMerkley &  @RonWyden ! Thank you to all!
Yet they're denying residents to buy prepared food w/ their food stamps.

SMFH!

We continue to bring supplies to areas affected by #Maria. More photos of teams in action: https://www.dvidshub.net/feature/FSPRVI  [: DVIDS] 
He used his Golf course time to lob paper towels. #impeach45&co.
EVERY 
SINGLE 
PERSON 
IN
ICU 
DIED
AND
NOW
PEOPLE 
IN
THE
HOSPITALS
ARE
EATING 
DOG
FOOD 
I hope dog food is on the prison menu where tRumps going.
PR is a US territory. Just because PR cannot take care of it's own people, does not mean it's Trump's fault.
Trump
Owes
PR
33
MILLION 
DOLLARS
So it's Trump's fault that before Maria, PR was already dealing with the worst debt crisis in US municipal history?
Yet POTUS insists everything is going great. I guess he thinks we are all stupid.
Of course he does. Remember his family has superior genes, Bahaha. #TrumpleThinSkin
But not to worry! Donald Trump will throw you a roll of paper towels.
Thank you for LEADING this effort Senator Harris.  You are everything we need in our next elected president.  May God continue to bless you!
Progressivism should be a certifiable mental disease. Period.
#dotarf gave them paper towels. I believe bounty two-ply. The greatest of all the paper towels.
He doesn’t care about people at all.
