BREAKING: Education Secretary rescinds Obama-era guidance on investigating campus sexual assault, puts interim rules in place.
Without the Title IX guidance, student safety is jeopardized.
I will continue fighting to ensure that the Ed. Dept's Office of Civil Rights protects all students & hold @BetsyDeVosED accountable.
Every human being in this Country is entitled to due process for a reason!!
Kamalita. Bella.  My. Lo ve . .con   amorb.  Para   mi    inteliigente.  Bell
Please urge @JerryBrownGov to sign SB 169 ASAP!!!
The new guidelines will provide balance. Too many schools have leftist "slaughter boards" where the accuse might as well just be put before a firing squad.
 "... and justice for all."
No, it's actually not.   What is disgraceful is women not READING before they tweet. They are embarrassing the rest of us who study detail.
Kamilita. Bella. Muy  love.  Como. Lo. Pasastes.  Ayer.  Disfrutastes.  Quiero.mi  torta.   Y otras.  Cosas  loven
disgusting a "woman" would do this
karma will have to pay her a visit
im sure bc theres money in it
Hola. Bella muy. Y. El cumpleaños. Como. Esta. Te. Felicito. Y  familia my. Love  que lo  disfrutes.  Quiero.  Torta
Too bad you as A/G California made sure lawyers need not conduct discovery, so fraud by whores does happen, A LOT, for backtoschool tricks!
Out of Trump’s jealousy of a great President Obama he will destroy all the good #44 created
HMMM, I thought you were an attorney and knew about "DUE PROCESS" --- you know innocent until proven guilty.
Men who are falsely accused have a right to fair treatment, too,
I"m a Dem & 45 is a disgrace but Title IX expansion denies due process to the accused- & it's "claimants" not "survivors- "innocent until.."
Betsy was BARELY confirmed, yet acts as if she has a mandate to dismantle educ dept & our protections.When will Congress call her to answer?
http://tinyurl.com/mcb2dpp   Blackwater In-Law DeVos outlines "stealth" plot against Public Education"  May 2011 Betsy has been at it for years
http://tinyurl.com/62qham7   Meet the Super-Wealthy Right-Wingers Working With the Religious Right to Kill Public Education @RedState @dailykos
The RWANS & RRNS are the most dangerous people to democracy and our freedom!
Who is FOR this?
No.. the premis of Obama order was based on false data and put men in unfair situation. We all know how u hate men, especially white ones.
Survivors of police corruption have a right to feel safe too , but you never filed any charges against any DA's office for misconduct as AG.
@Twitter see my comment below
I'm saying it again: twitter needs a #sad button!
Yet many will keep voting for Trump & his supporters
More than a disgrace, Kamala
I'm never surprised at this regime. I can't see how a woman can ideologically contradict her own being. Beats me
we won't let them back-track on all the progress that has been made for sexual abuse victims to speak and heal, since the 80's. NO-GOIN-BAK!
Out of control.
But considering the accused guilty rather than innocent with no due process is a good thing.
Added to the list of disgraces this illegitimate administration has perpetrated against Americans
I say she (DeVoss) should go along side #DotardTrump to prison, for endangering our students!
Hard to worry about stupid women who had it coming, when, Heaven forbid, a black NFL player is taking a knee in a peaceful protest of rasicm
And she's a freaking woman for cripes sake. No clue DeVos.
in ur tweet, u assume they're "survivors of sex assault" which = accused must be guilty. So y have a trial? Think u just proved Devos right
All Betsy Lunch Lady wants to do is privatize meals in the schools

It is time to #GetWokeOrDie
under this admin. women take a back seat to men in many ways. You an't go back to the 1950's or 60;s w/out recending rights of women
Same rules apply to campuses as they do to courts outside of campus. You cannot level an accusation and that's that! Wake up!
A dilettante billionairess with a head for bonko schemes and Jim jones style religion buys her way into power.
There is no excuse for her employment
@mkulltra @AP_Politics Sounds like those who #AcquitTheGuilty @AGPamBondi have NOW expanded their efforts2LIMIT protections
And those accused of sexual assault have the right to be presumed innocent until proven guilty and due process. Decision is NOT a disgrace.
We will not go back!
People accused of sexual assault have a right to due process, and equal protection under the law. College's are not court rooms.
It's an absolute necessity! Speaking with knowledge.
If there is anyone that can enlighten me as to why changing this legislation is a good idea please let me know? Who is for this and why?
Yes! Of course, let's tip the scales more in favor of the perpetrators. This is monstrous!
Trump Continually progresses on "SLIPPERY SLOPE" Killing Millions MOSTLY WOMEN!(theydontVOTE4Him(removal healthCARE)Taking Fund$ from $tates
Irresponsible "leadership"?
Thanks goodness many CA school systems will continue to utilize the Obama-era rules/recommendations. DeVos is a pure disgrace! Sad!
This decision is not even a surprise for republicans.  That is sad.
Like Bill Clinton's rape victims?
Amazing how they sit back,look down their noses making decisions that affect other people. If it happened to her it'd be different.
When will people realize anything Obama has got to go.  No matter who it may hurt.  This is a uncaring group of people plain and simple.
These decisions endanger young women...so beyond belief. She really is a disgrace like this entire misogynistic incompetent administration.
And it never gets reversed but for Bernie attacking HRC and giving us Trump! White privileged men on the left and right harming women!
For sure! Disgusting
She is an embarrassment to all women, yet a champion to predators.  This Stepford Wife needs to resign.
When I went to college in the early 70's no one thought to report it, why bother, ALWAYS the victims fault!!!
Really am frustrated with this administration
i know the results of all these things, just another letting down women, and upholding men who have right to rape ideology
This president and his cabinet need to go away before someone dies!! 
DeVos is not just trying to put rules in (their) place.
Please tell this has a chance of being fixed through legislation #DeVosMustGo
I knew secretary DeVos would make it easier for men to sexually abuse women and get away with it . Take a good look at Trumps abuse cases .
The Obama era "guidance" was "guilty till proven innocent." Sign of autocracy. You are tied to socialist/organizer groups. Is this justice?
Wow nah hell no someone better die up on that disgusting decision
For a Woman especially to put her signature on this is beyond disgusting. Guess we have to continue the fight ourselves. #Protectagainstrape
Removing protections for our daughters is a new low for the lowest administration in  history.
Thank you Senator...voice of reason!  @BetsyDeVosED should be ashamed for jeopardizing student safety.
I agree. But why did @HillaryClinton silence and marginalize those who accused @BillClinton of the same?
If someone in the clergy sexually assaults someone, report to law enforcement not to the church.  We have seen how that plays out.
Whatever happens on a college campus, report to law enforcement first so evidence can be gathered, and medical needs addressed.
Survived. Keep being our voice.
Assault is a criminal matter. It needs to be handled by the police.
Look what sits in the WH a pedophile
Congress should have power to oust cabinet members when policies put in place can do harm to the ppl of our country: DeVos, Pruitt, Rice.
Sexual Assault most recently happened in Alabama At A College in A deep Red County! Alabama short CHANGED AGAIN FROM Voting for Republicans
When isn't anything Betsy DeVos does?
When I was growing up it never occurred to me that Gov't would be guiding my every step in life. Safety in Numbers, & Don't be a Victim.
Again why do some of you vote for this man???
http://www.newsday.com/long-island/nassau/da-hofstra-student-lied-about-rape-1.1454571 …

You know she must think this kind of shit don't happen. She's just some old rich white woman that was feed by a spoon all her life!!!
Obviously she knows nothing about this topic, if she did she wouldn't have done this! I say she needs to walk a mile in the moccasins now!!

Can they all be impeached already. I can't believe the things that they are doing.
#Trump wants the unlimited power to rape and silence women. So does all #GOP chauvinists. Women are products to be used...
Betsy DeVos is bitter, she thinks rape victims are getting action when she can't get any 'cause no one would touch her with a barge pole
Who is she trying to protect? His husband or son?
@AP_Politics Trump and his staff are ripping this country to shreds. We will MAGA when they've all left the White House.
Besty is litterally the anti-christ.  She is everything she claims to stand against.
You have to hand it to this admin. They're trying to systematically destroy every decent, moral part of our lives. #Resist every single day!
This is terrible and needs to be addressed! #unacceptable
Due Process is a constitutional right and the original guidelines of this policy negate those rights. Let’s fix it instead of arguing.
Yes, Betsy Devos's behavior is shameful
And women everywhere are pissed. 
This shit will end.
It sickens me, that a woman in the WH does not support this!
And so do the alleged perpetrators, which rarely if ever happened. Colleges aren't equipped to handle this fairly.
#Congress #makealaw giving local law investigative power on campus. Would you let Walmart security handle an assault investigation?!
In the past 18 months I have used the words disgraceful disgusting and Treason more times then the rest of my life combined
#TheResistance
How many innocent people did you put in jail over the years? Huh? Due process! Everybody is innocent until proven guilty! Don’t like that!?
Devos is an advocate of sexual assault.  May she be blessed with a personal experience.
I am a father. This should not be a debate.
Any woman that attempts to silence sexual attack is a traitor to all women
Oh,  you mean like Hillary did with the women that Bill raped? The hypocrosee from you people is absolutely astonishing.
Nothing. Nothing was wrong with it. And a lot was very good.
Yes, it is. We must not stop the fight.
Couldn't agree more. This is shameful.
Yeah & they're often not heard because of fear of contempt, or being disregarded as if they lied or what they say doesn't matter, etc.
She heads education yet us an ignorant uneducated fool who knows 0 about rape! Obviously! But when one has 0 feelings this is the result!
Senator Harris, I’ve come to believe that you would vote no on yes you are one of the most negative politicians I have heard in my 60+ years
This is why I will never accept #45 defectors because they accepted this rhetoric during the campaign now it's real .
Betsy is a disgrace. Another of Trumps picks who donated to his campaign. She is not qualified for the job.
DEvos obviously thinks the rape culture on college campuses is a right of passage.
Thank you.  Legislation needs to be passed to ensure these safeguards.
Student unions need to voice their objections & force each University & College to come up with their own guidelines to keep students safe.
This entire administration is a disgrace! Built on blocks of ignorance and myopic views.
Kampala for prez!
Like Bill Clinton’s victims deserved to be heard, right K?
2 sexual assaults at UCA within 2 weeks
She & her family are predators. They have no capacity for empathy & no idea what it is to be victimized, survive & be revictimized by courts
#sexualassault #EducationSecretary recinds rules Kick these people to the curb and #WakeUpAmerica SHEESH!!
Devos is a disgrace. Period.
U have no clue!
Joining the trump wagon on stupidity. Hopefully she will soon be replaced.
Senator - but the prior guidance did away with the accused's due process. I totally understand need for safety but it was so flawed
DeVos is a disgrace. Period.
Wrong so wrong
This current, blatant disrespect of human beings makes a mockery of liberty and protection for all! 
Not surprised given the source 
Bet you voted for Clinton too, hypocrite.
SD State pays Francisco Sousa damages for false accusation, https://www.sandiegoreader.com/news/2017/apr/29/ticker-san-diego-state-pays-sousa-damages-false/ …, @SDReader
DeVos is devoid of sexual assault effects. She is a nincompoop.
As long as Trump remains illegitimate POTUS, America's NOT safe!  Psychological harm, physical harm, sick rhetoric is unhealthy 4 Americans!
Why.. though.....why did she?!?
Sickening. This administration is of the mindset that "she was asking for it"
Ms. DeVos - may it never happen to you as it has to so many others.  This is shameful on your part.  Have you no moral compass?
every single person @realDonaldTrump has put into office is a disgrace..@BetsyDeVosED is on the top of that list....#MuellerInvestigation
So why didn't you feel this way when you were AG of California? http://amp.sacbee.com/news/politics-government/politics-columns-blogs/dan-walters/article89928322.html …
But, even though she’s completely unqualified for her cabinet post, she was approved by your GOP associates. Well, 2018 is not far off.
There are truly evil people in government today. #Dotardssurroundus
Well so is everyone in this admin. Betsy may be the worse by far. If obamas name is on anything they want it gone.
And not get harassed by the wife of the accused.  Like. Hmm let's just say hilary clinton  the biggest bully of all bills rape cases  sad 
Rape survivors have the right to try the accused in a court, no evidence, no case. Don't believe based on nothing. Evidence over words.
Also, false rape accusations should be treated so heinous no one would try to pull that BS.
And maybe rape should be considered so heinous, no one would pull That BS.
It already is you nut, that's why it's a punishable offense? No punishment unless you can prove the crime, especially something like rape.
This is why I left college early. I was brutally attacked and harassed everyday by an asshole. It's happening and victims need help.
This view will stand w/ GOP until one of their leaders children unfortunately is violated. Then and only then will they change their tune.
@BetsyDeVosED @BetsyDeVos has at least 2 daughters. Campuses should put up signs thanking @BetsyDeVosED  for standing up for rapists.
Devos is ILLEGITIMATE and UNFIT to be Education Secretary! When Trump and VP get bounced she will be FIRST behind them!
Don't hold your breath. What color is the sky in your world?
The entire republiCON platform is to repeal progress, or BETTER, made by President Obama.
This administration is a disgrace but no one is holding them accountable so they feel free to act like this.  She needs to held in account
Who stands to gain from NOT doing everything possible to protect and defend a victim? That is a terrible question to ask...
...because the answer is completely horrifying and wicked. I just don't understand.
Much needed common sense changes. Obama made accused guilty without a trail.
We should all thank Secretary DeVos.
Senator... Can you please help us understand why DeVos, a woman herself, betrays the health and safety of women? #FireDeVos @maddow @CNN
Those accused of sexual assault r always assumed innocent. People believe that a man is guilty of murder rather than rape. #betsy'sgottago
Why in the world does a Secretary of Education even consider rescinding a bill protecting sexual assault victims? Not fair to the accused?
Bullshit no directive of guilty first with no recourse is good policy it destroyed alot of men's lives
Everything the rabid, icy sociopaths moved to do is a DISGRACE....and could be coup de gras to wut is left of this nation!
It doesn't make sense
Besty DeVos sold her soul to the devil as in Donald!
THIS is not normal
The administration is a disgrace. It seems that anything Oboma has done Manchild is reversing. Mr. Manchild, Obama will be remembered long..
After your memory  is lost to the dust bin of history.
Everything this administration is doing is a disgrace
The accussed has a right to a lawyer. Thats law.
This just abhorent
I would love to see the statistics on the numbers of how many were falsely accused --what DeVos claims.  Disgraceful.
On what planet is this ok?
Appalling. My kid is now looking at colleges; we will go with 1 that regards this decision as ish.
Horrible
WTF. I can't take it anymore. Can we treat them all like leopards and get them out of here, but sadly give them care?
Show us some stats, Kamala.. come on.. you can do it. No emotional phoney Testimonies.. DATA!
Why? What does this woman gain taking this stand? I don't get her reasoning.
Did you know college women in Texas can pack heat on campus? Vermin control.
This decision is because @BetsyDeVosED thinks that the “victims” wanted it and the accused are innocent.
free pass for rapist
How about it is left to the police where it belongs. Campuses will only try to downplay it to protect their reputation. THAT has been proven
Just like everything devos does. Her whole family is about profits. That is their only concern.
Is devos simply carrying conservative water, or is her evilness her own?
There is nothing but twits in all these positions since trump is in office. The stupid never stops!
Not a fan of Devos or Trump.  Yet I still believe in people being innocent until proven guilty.  Current process was a wee bit one sided.
THANK YOU KAMALA! If the Republicans don't want government to control the business of Health care or Pharmaceutical companies. they want
FREE MARKET in this area. They shouldn't have control over our bodies. Period.
This Decision by Devos has set us back DECADES. Not Right
Rescinding this guidance is a disgrace to our country.
Any woman unfortunate enough to be victimized on campus should not hesitate in contacting @BetsyDeVosED and seeking immediate assistance.
@BetsyDeVos is a #disgrace and #deplorable
Peacefully Protest DeVos on every campus at every opportunity to show we are taking back OUR Dept of Education and will not go backwards.
The only reason I can think of as to why she did this was to destroy #PBOs work. What a price young people will pay for her vengeance. 

.
Our education secretary is an absolute moron
