Where are the citizens gathering to support #GrahamCassidyBill standing behind GOP Senators? NOWHERE because citizens want to keep ACA.
We need a fighter who will work for ALL Americans in the White House. Run Kamala Run ! #Harris2020
@flywithkamala @SenKamalaHarris Yes, please Kamala say you will be running. Iwillbe working for you.
Estas  dando  discurso.   Magistral  eres. Mi. Senadora   my. Love. Bella.
If you are fighting for americans, how do you expect to pay for single payer? We are taxed to death now.
@cherokeesher2 @CitizensFedUp @MtnMD #WomensHealth #Family #FBI #Veterans #Law It's ALL About Profit OVER Country http://www.eclectablog.com/2017/09/the-one-simple-reason-the-gop-wants-to-pass-the-worst-possible-trumpcare-bill-by-september-30.html …
Where is  YOUR Solutions as opposed to just complaining and resisting???
@LindseyGrahamSC I did Bkr Law for quite a few years/witnessed parents'struggles to keep their children alive after insurance capped.
There are millions of Americans that don`t need healthcare, they do not want to pay for something they don`t need.
What about fighting for those of us who LOST healthcare with both parents working because we couldn't afford Obamacare? What about us?
@LindseyGrahamSC if you are not willing to help look out for their interests then you have no right to represent them.
Call your @SenateGOP @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins @SenJohnMcCain ask Y they R not supporting bipartisan @PattyMurray @SenAlexander bill
@LindseyGrahamSC  Americans only want what you have - peace of mind should their family, or they, need medical in order to survive.
Just curious; how is an abortion considered healthcare? PP does not offer pre-natal care (Their words not mine).  Is killing a baby healthy?
What are you talking about. This is more then about abortion.  Stop focusing on that and look at the millions of people losing healthcare.
Problem is current program is going bankrupt! If it dries up, everyone loses healthcare! That's why both parties are scrambling to fix.
Repub and Dem politicians have sold us a bill of goods that doesn't work. Vote conscience not party!
Cut the shht, speak English & get it through your thick skull!

#HEALTHCAREISNOTACIVILRIGHT!  Seniors, women & the sick are NOT deprived!!
Enough with this healthcare bullshit. Small portion of the population. You need new talking points.
Keep up the pressure on the Republicans who might vote YES on Graham-Cassidy
How about healthy foods and lifestyle for the most unhealthy ppl on earth.  Oh wait there's no campaign cash from the "Lifestyle" lobby.
Let's defund the $500 million going to Planned Parenthood & use it to fund real OBGYNs. That way people get the healthcare that they need!
Thank you for standing up for healthcare for me and my husband, two of your California constituents!
Why did you vote for $700 BILLION military budget that will continue endless wars & use our children as cannon fodder? Pathetic. Dems = @gop
Thank you! 10's of millions of Americans are with you!
@LindseyGrahamSC call it what you want/reality is, you are playing roulette w/lives & you have no right. Whatever you gain/monetary u lose.
where is all that money u stole from Boxer?
People will get a better health care plan under a more state controlled plan than with the failing single payer system of the ACA.
Yes @SenKamalaHarris your tweet (notification)  TRUTHFULLY, Video, (Family) 6:00pm @CSPAN  U.S. Senate, 
6:16pm CT. @PBS ch. The NEWS HOUR, Anchor: @judywoodruff , @SenKamalaHarris
11:00pm @Rangers Texas vs @Mariners Seattle, @SenKamalaHarris
Do u mean the millions who have lost health care because of Obamacare? Or been priced out? Lost our doctors? No providers? U have failed us!
Hey what about Cali?????
#SaveACA  CONTACT YOUR SENATORS https://www.senate.gov/general/contact_information/senators_cfm.cfm …
NO TIME TO WAIST!
*waste
Senator stop saying "access". 
People need healthcare, not access to healthcare.
We're the richest country on the planet.
We can afford it.
I pray that the same three Rep have the guts to hang tough and vote against this travesty of a bill. Vote your conscience!
Thank you for your hard work just an advice Senator apply little more power and inspiration kind of Nelson Mandela s way of delivering.
The People Spoke!
You and DEMs offer NO real solution. Bernie, not even a DEM, wants single payer which would be a disaster. CA wants to give illegals care 2.
Keep fighting !!
I'll just leave this right here for you to enjoy, I know that I did.
Please don't give up.
Kind of hypocritical when y'all the Democratic Party created this monster oboma care now your trying 2 blame it on President Trump, no direc
Today we marched for ACA. a young mom in her w/chair said Graham-Cassidy Bill is 'premeditated murder'!! SHE HAS ACA and I GET THAT
By releasing the #medicareforall bill right? Because it's totally a read bill you guys! It wasn't a power play at all you guys!
I am in Tennessee! All red state residents didn't vote against their  interests. ACA is keeping me alive! #Tennessee
Hypocrite, you pay 73% less with better coverage than the swill you're forcing down tax paying citizens throats. You're a disgrace!
R u fighting for Veterans???
#EmpowerThe People !!
Who's your provider?
Exactly...Congress with their Gov plans have nothing to worry about. They have the best coverage possible. Why shd they keep their plans?
mad because THEY can't make more profit off people being SICK, Y'ALL CLAPPING 4 THEIR MONEY 4 THEIR PROFIT!! 4 PARTY. STUPID IS STUPID DOES
these COMPANIES have made BILLIONS upon BILLIONS. Dumb citizens mad because they can't make more billions. Insurance ain't hurt 4 money
Thank you!
Oh, Sen Harris, I don't know if I should marry you or just keep voting for you. 
Yall really thank it cost $50 for gauze, $300 for saline bags, $100 for needles, $500 to sleep in those beds. Yall really thank it's okay
Charge more for pre-existing conditions. That's all your parents and because it's your party y'all agreeing with it. What till you need it
Thank you for your service!
People outraged about seniors dying during the storms don't care about them dying due to lack of healthcare
You are fighting for the millions of Americans who want somebody else to pay for their healthcare.
I work in an inner city. those whom you are "fighting for" still do not pay for healthcare.
You are not alone.
Hey how about not voting to give the military $700 billion then yeah?
You're doing it wrong.
I love my kick-ass Senator Harris!  Thank you for fight for us!
You are awesome
I remember before HMOs, Health Insur., and drug ads. Healthcare was affordable. No healthcare for profit! Please include dental!
Hey Kamala, take a look at the people behind you in this pic. They all look like lazy losers to me.
Access to healthcare is a lie.  It's the prices.  And prices are set to go UP under the government's control, like everything else.
Access? ..you spelled taxpayer funded wrong...
Employment opportunities are growing which means health care benefits in many cases; encourage folks to work, grow and advance.
Fight...Soldiers fight. Politicians work together and draft legislation for approval.
Kamala for pres 2020
Healthcare is the platform !
Why not fight for the millions of Americans that bought plans, can't afford them &are struggling to pay? States can deal better with this!
Then pay for it like the 100's of millions who pay for it! Problem solved! Oh wait, I thought you made it mandatory!!?????
I needed access to healthcare so I opened up the Yellow Pages.

Universal is the way to go.

Thank you for keeping up the fight
Thank you. I'm in.
Thank you, Sen Harris, and especially to all of you who showed up to protest this abomination, a death-care bill.  KH in 2020. You with me?
No.
Republican health care benefits who?
Are you fighting for me. I lose ACA in my county because they are pulling out. You need to help Dems & Republicans. We are all Americans 
Another misleading statement...it is about insurance, not healthcare.
Didn’t you just vote to give $700billion to the military
Fighting against the forces of evil--the GOP. All sociopaths who care 0 about Americans.
I wish #GOP was this assertive in protecting our rights to #vote - they use our tax dollars to take away #healthcare #votingrights #climate
Take away? Obamacare took more healthcare away from the citizens than absolutely any other legislation in history!
Kamala, please stop the obfuscation, you're fighting to kill babies via funding for @PPact - just tell the truth please?
If you could run for president in 2020, that'd be great.
Please do.  That would guarantee that we continue to #maga #TrumpPence2020 #RepealAndReplace
get it @SenKamalaHarris yes
Once again the republicans are destroying many lives just because it says Obama care.
she just voted yes to continue the NDAA, and on $700B for war. so i guess only #AmericanLivesMatter ? #ResistWhat ?

So far I've only noticed very few platforms Kamala runs on. Abortion, DACA, Illegal Aliens, Medicaid for All, ACA, Environment. 1/2
My main platforms: Unity, Accountability, & Budget. My secondary platforms: Education, H.C., Economy, NDRF, Sanctuary City, etc. 1.5/2
Kamala's platforms are very flat, and symmetrical. She pushes Socialism HARD. Humans have something called Free Will, embrace it. 2/2
Yes Yes Yes!! Fight the Good Fight. I support you and the for Affordable Health Care as civil and human right. 
Fighting for murder
@SenateDems - your not doing a very good job - $100 co pay $5000 deductible that should be your cost !
There's about 1.3 million babies aborted every year in the US. 1/2
Instead of preaching abortion. How about abstinence? How about sexual contraceptives? How about sex education? 2/2 #DefundPP
So lets see, Healthcare for all. If it raises your Taxes up $5 Each, for everyone to be covered,any doctor any reason, NO Medical bills ever
Reject GOP train wreck. Vote NO

You're as bad as dumb as they get
I believe you're speaking of "health insurance" madam senator. Health care is available to all that need it.
There is no evidence of that. All there are is words. No actions. No deeds, except creating horrible Obamacare which should be repealed.
Absolutely BS.
No illegal aliens Americans are not responsible
Maybe the dreamers will come shut you down too
keep fighting ms. harris! please
What happened to the dreamers?  Find a shinier pebble?
Thank you for being one of my #Senators.
that's right people that have gotten ill and lost their job money  ran out
Go Kamala
Why did U &other Dems join Bernie to propose M4A.Such stupid timingSave http://ACA.Win  seats in  '18. Then discuss.Shame on Bernie
Access is not enough. It has to be affordable. I have access to a Porsche dealer but I can't buy anything there.
Join kamala Harris in trying to stop this bill before it starts.
You're an very smart person! Please realize that your stance on these issues are not within God's will. God loves us and even the unborn!
What are your Priorities
Looking and sounding like you were born to lead and talk in front of podiums on behalf of tens of millions of people Senator. JS #2020
I couldn't agree more! This is a civil rights matter!!
Obamacare raised premiums, deductibles, and now more middle class Americans have inadequate healthcare coverage. Ya let's keep it! #sarcasm
Do your homework! You are spouting alt-facts! #reality
Sen. Harris for Prez in 2020!
How's that staff of felons working out for you Harris?
Single payer is not going to happen.
Too late they've got the votes.
this is what Presidents are supposed to do, protect people, not threaten them and take away rights, liberties, and health care
Pay for your health insurance.  try it.
Obama failed to disclose Muslims are exempt from forced insurance purchases! You're not discussing Dems FAILURE to step up!!
You are neglecting to state that ACA is FAILING! Insurance companies are bailing out!Premiums are unaffordable! It NEEDS to be fixed
The republicans are so desperate to take ownership of Healthcare that they don't even see (or care) whom the repeal of the ACA will hurt.
Yes because she  is from Calif and knows the Calif government is to incompetent to run health care without the Feds telling what to do
Thank you Senator for what you are doing.

It's sad that Tex, Fla SC & AZ are asking for the $ they denied their own constituents to come from the states that didn't
You are not! Tell the truth. Obamacare is hurting millions of Americans and bankrupting our country. Do you have the guts to tell the truth?
good how about delivering jobs with benefits??? keep the welfare give us jobs

FREE HEALTHCARE + OPEN BORDERS

WHAT COULD GO WRONG?
Why aren't these people working that r holding the signs? That's their problem. Go get a damn job and u will get insur.
Thank you for fighting! I am a 53 disabled woman who relies on Medicaid to live. Please don't let them end my life!
#autismawareness ....us parents better watch close. #GOP cares nothing about our children.

I like her!
Please, please let reason prevail.
Why do democrats hate the American people so much that you would continue the suffering under the ACA?
Thank You
Stop looting, and protesting. Instead learn a trade, looting isn't a trade. And get a REAL adult job. Not Taco Bell but an ADULT job.
You are fighting for nothing but POWER
You are not fighting for the 55-64 yr olds - you priced us out of the market! We cant afford ACA- we cant pay for dental care either! L
And Trump has the nerve to tell the UN America comes first. Lying sack of 
Get on message then! RT and Repeat!
Single payer eliminates insurance companies profits & as HL Mencken said “When somebody says it’s not about the money, it’s about the money"
Most of the GOP do their bidding. You hear the right screech about Soros but hardly ANY know a thing about Kochs.
Access? Or to have someone else pay for it? They already have access. U want others to subsidize it for your lowlifes.
Thank you so much for your staunch advocacy to #SaveACA.  You are exactly the type of fighter we need in the White House.  #FlyWithKamala
YES!!!  I am so grateful for Sen. Harris, and her commitment to help all of us.  Kamala Harris for President!
So your helping to get ride of the ACA that has taken insurance away from people, decreased access and utterly unafordable?
Kamala you are standing for all and I respect that. You need more Senators to stand with you. Thank you Kamala for all you do.
Please do not give up. Your awesome.. Stay focused. I support you 100%
Best part of UN speech: Trump “If the righteous many do not confront the wicked few, then evil will triumph.” Yes we are on it!
Beside you. 
Keep fighting for me PLEASE!
On behalf of those in red states who will hate you while you fight for them and their own party threatens them, thank you.
seems to be a lot of fights at once, how long is this one going to drag on?
Thank you, Sen Harris!
. Stop whining , propose a bill. You are the laziest senator I've ever seen Kamala.
