democrats proved that they were a bunch of nazis 8 years ago when donna brazile smeared clinton with 'baggage'. thats a lot to make up for
I was only a democrat because clinton made her money by helpng poor people face to face. if the democrats sell her out, they sell me out too
#whataboutism much?!
thats important tactical data. without her, you dont have me.
While you're deciding if we have you or not, try reading about Nazis! If you think what you said make Dems Nazis 
I know all about nazis. been fighting these ones since reagan. 30 years of argueing with them on the internet and bernies mob acts the same
Boom! This shows you know nothing about them! If you think Bernie's "mob" are the same! U R way off!
And the peaceful protesters throwing rocks and committing arson at Berkeley were right? Those actions are justified to prevent words?
Who decide which words are hate words justifying violent reaction. If I hate your reply does that justify me reacting to you with violence?
"Many sides". Remember the attempted assassination of Congress Reps 2 months earlier in VA. How about violent #Antifa?
When you can't defend him, throw a #whataboutism one
Ramming car into protesters: WRONG
Attempted assassination of US Congress Reps.: WRONG
Silence other people's speech using violence: WRONG
Next time if you get ISIS supporters protesting in your town , remember to protect their free speech! 
Not seeing the difference: #stupid
I feel it's time to reconnect with the non-violent philosophies of Dr. King and Mahatma Gandhi and teach our young people going forward.
"An eye for an eye means everyone goes blind." There has to be a peaceful way to win.
Yeah with this logic during WWII we would be all living under a Nazi Germany leadership now and there wouldn't be any Jewish ppl left
You can be "non violent" but you can't be passive
The side that wants you dead Kamala & that openly advocates for criminal violence running people over with cars
Will YOU condemn this?
It's important that we see & hear Kamala condemn these domestic terrorists or we'll know she's really on their side. Please call her & ask
Will Kamala condemn the group CIA has identified CAIR & MB are supporting & who
who advocate criminal violence? Fax her this & demand answer
.

Funny that you @SenKamalaHarris  

@DNC @HouseDemocrats 

@SenateDems 

Now YOU try to shift blame

Lets look at true history 

.
Lol

A fool  born every minute 

Learn aome history before opening your mouth
Show us. Impeach him.
PLEASE RUN IN 2020 
I condemn all forms of hatred.  Can you say the same thing Kamala?  Go ahead, tell us that (it includes Antifa, BTW).
It wasn't antifascists who attacked Charlottesville.  It was white supremacist terrorists.

Cut out the false equivalencies.
See, the problem is you SUPPORT certain kinds of hate.  You don't see them as hate, you see them as righteous. This is Marxism.
So what bills did you write to stop Racist from attacking blacks ? How many Racist prosecutors did you go after?
In Hard Times ©  https://calililiindies.bandcamp.com/track/in-hard-times-anthem-4-choice-lgbtq-rights-civil-rights-climate-science-full-track-cali-lili-single-from-upcoming-debut-album-cali-lili-this-female-is-not-yet-rated-soundtrack-to-upcoming-feature … #Democracy #WomensRights #LGBTQRights #BlackLivesMatter #Climate #Science
To all the songwriters 
We need a really good one 
 A We Shall Overcome , or an Ohio
Something
Democrats & the Left MUST #CONDEMNAntifa NOW
Democrats & the Left MUST #CONDEMNAntifa NOW
Democrats & the Left MUST #CONDEMNAntifa NOW
The majority of us say that and know full well what Dems are doing. We will show you in 2018.
The truth is, the thing that is tearing America apart is identity politics of all kinds, and you are one of its CHIEF PRACTITIONERS. Shame.
Most of the time it easy to spot the bad guys they are the ones wearing mask #AntifaTerrorist that is all they are!
I do believe that she would make a great President. I will do some more research into what her past and long term values and principles are
While the #KKK are a bunch of brainless douches, there was no word from u on the racist and violent protests by the #BLM. Shame.
That's not what donald said.  See what he say let us say Friday

Thank you for speaking out on this. Please don't let up on all the harm Trump and the GOP are doing to this country.
Trump did not say morally equivalent he said both sides were wrong. I agree. 

We cannot accept violent masked thugs as being right or good.
Kamala & team, have you seen this? On a wall at 40th & Market streets in my Oakland neighborhood. #ShePersisted (Artist unknown as of now)
Who you are - a political opportunist - is showing. Stop inflammatory rhetoric. What are you doing to make things better? Support POTUS.
This:
It's mind boggling, but most things are these days.
In Donald Trump's mind, would abolitionists have been #AltLeft ?   If so, count me among the #AltLeft
BLM and Antifa. Is that who we are? Let us know if that's ok with you.
Racist nonentity. Waters Mk 2.
Absolutely it's not hard to spot the ones on the wrong side 
I stand in solidarity with you senator
Kamala - continuing to criticize our president every chance you get is getting old. Apparently you feel it's good for your political agenda
Let's get started Senator!!!!
Impeach
America must come to grips with the fact that political inaction lead to the election of a all out racist to the White House. Get involved!
@SenFranken @SenatorMenendez @SenKamalaHarris @NancyPelosi @SenSchumer I BEG YOU #SaveAMERICA #ImpeachTrumpNOW Remove this racist sociopath
#History Won't Silence #HERstory © https://youtu.be/YQBSWussONk 
 #Democracy #WomensRights #Choice #BlackLivesMatter #LGBTQ #Climate #Science
@LESTERJ205

YOU did show us-that's why you lost.  #MAGA
Because the two sides are opposed, one of them has to be right.
Then the President has to go. No other choice
Guilty until proven innocent.
unfortunately i think it still is what a lot of americans believe
It should be, It's not who we want to be. Obviously it's who we are just read the comments on this one tweet.
Except this is exactly who they are which is why idiot trump and his swamp administration are in the Oval Office right now 
"many sides"
Remember #HeatherHeyer

We should remember the name and face of Charlottesville victim Heather Heyer. 
You forgot what her mother had to say
Real terrorists are those that drive cars into crowds of people. Hope that clears things up for you.
youve proven that you are a bunch of nazis just like slanders
1.Will you ever stand up for Americans? Homeless people and hungry children. That's ok...middle class are helping them and we don't forget
The people who turned their backs on them
All that anger from being teased/tormented day after day takes a huge toll on those young boys- he drowned in Arroyo Secco
So you're good with ANTIFA and BLM beating people, burning down neighborhoods, gunning down police. Good to know.
There are good and bad people in antifa and BLM. There are NO good Nazis.
He had decided he was going somewhere that he thought white people would not be treated the way he & the boys he grew up with-white boys
It's Republitards against everyone else.
Awww. Sorry you are so angry. Keep calling us names
My 16 yr old son had been terrorized in his school- just before he died he had told me he was going to the army & then to a state like Missi
Problem is this is exactly who we are and will be as long as 44.5* and a capitulant GOP hold state legislatures and all 3 branches in DC.
This is America. We all play a role. Good or bad, we're in it together.
Their tiki torches lit up their faces
Please explain to me how we are to change/fix this? I spent 20 yrs there lost my son there & was trying to figure out how to protect him
https://m.dailykos.com/stories/2017/8/14/1689450/-New-Mexico-police-union-chief-shared-meme-about-running-protesters-over-with-cars …  start with this
This Twitter accounts owner made evil joke about Heather Heyer's murder!
YES Sen.Kamala Harris, in these secs your tweet (notification) ,Watching @FOXNEWS, yesterday old  video tape of Sen.Rubio and YOU.    ILIKED
MANY sides meant others contributed 2 D violence, not just white supremesTypical sleazy politician using a tragedy 4 political points
Senator with @POTUS alt right  advisors what is the status with Kushner's security clearance?  Does Putin already have all our State secrets
The alt right AND alt left are horrible. I disavow both but unless you have proof of that and know them personally then shut up
#FakeNews
2018 is our only hope for peace. VOTE DEMOCRATIC.
I'm a democrat who flipped so god no...I don't want open borders and a tax hike and foreigners getting more aid than americans
If we want to be a party off conviction, it begins with ending our hypocrisy. #ACTIONSNOTWORDS
It's only hard if you are trump.
Let's have you go first Senator.
