And, gerrymandering. This is the best explanation of gerrymandering you will ever see (via @Pocket)
I'm definitely against gerrymandering but I don't think there is a fair solution to it. It's a symptom of the electoral college.
It's fairly obvious now that they don't care "how" they win, just that they win.
Preaching to the choir. I know just how singleminded they are about seizing power for its own sake. But is there a solution that doesn't...
My presidential votes from 1972 until present have never counted because I'm a democrat in Wyoming. The 3 WY EC votes went to GOP candidate.
Could be worse Imagine the massive amount of democrat voters in Texas but all their votes count for nothing because it's a massive GOP state
The point is everyone's vote should count with equal weight when it comes to the voting. A "direct democracy" when voting for candidates.
140 characters makes you paraphrase.
I think this is a distraction. There's absolutely nothing stopping people from having their ballot mailed in, filled out, and mailed back.
Except, say, in FL, where "duplicate" names removed from rolls. By odd coincidence, Af Americans are more likely to have similar names.
Is that true? I find Black people to have particularly unique names. It's White people who tend to have similar names. Go figure.
Stats go the other way. Will try to find recent article and post.
"Census data shows that minorities are overrepresented in 85 of the 100 most common last names."
Okay but what about mail-in ballots?
You can't mail in a ballot if you're not registered to vote. The issue here is voter registration, not the method by which people vote.
Kamala is this all you have to say really where is your bills for healthcare, women in the work place, jobs for American voters, $ schools??
Bills are secondary to protecting our democracy.
Ice Man doesn't want Senator Harris to introduce bills, he wants our country to burn down. Making assholez garish always
I want socialist bullies like you out of this country & you vacant insult me or bully me I'm no sheep I'm a strong American not a week sheep
Temper temper
So go cry a little then get up and challenge Washington the right way not with lies and propaganda that helps no one on either side wake up
You do like and retweet your own tweets 

What a loser
Ever voter must update their registration because of the voter purges taking place so they don't get turned away at the polls.
I quit voting coz @RepGoodlatte "serves" my dist. Won't do hearings on VRA, gun violence; shames women, lies, no tnhalls in 3 years. 1/
I know of Rep Badlatte!! PLEASE VOTE, fight 4 change, register voters, organize & 
RESIST
Nah, I quit. Electing Trump tells me we are too stupid collectively to sort fact from fiction and we won't survive this. #gameover
...if everyone has that attitude you're right. I prefer to think has more + courage=HOPE
I get that. In my exp. voting is not relevant any longer when the minority of Americans are gov'd by the racist, grifting minority. I quit.
...do it for Mojo
Simple solution, that is if you're really worried about it.  Nation Wide Photo ID.  Then your certain everybody's rights are preserved
@WMN4SRVL 

Senator. Move to repeal men's suffrage. Promise to amend exceptions.
Voting day should be a holiday
Discouraged? Voter ID laws are specifically designed as a cheat for Republicans. YouTube: PA Speaker Voter ID
for admission on tape.
Voter suppression and racist gerrymandering make a mockery of representative democracy.
Time to get rid of electoral college and let everyone's vote count. Also, why is there problems with ppl being able to vote. 18 and  votes
Kamala your only concerned with saving your a$$ next election if you helped Americans DEMs and GOP alike you wouldn't have to sell your self
Kamala a real politician that serves the people Americans does it for the good of all the people all the time not for money and payoffs
Kamala ther are people needing health care and jobs minorities need help with work & health not you opportunist crap that helps none of them
Sit down clown!
Only legal citizens should be able to vote. Must be proven with ID card. There is nothing racist about it
Republicans have ADMITTED their id requirements are designed to suppress voting by youth & people of color. Take them at their word.
Do you think it's ok for illegal aliens to vote in an election they are not legal citizens of?
GOP knows they can only win through voter suppression, gerrymandering and disinformation.
And CORPORATE SPONSORS. Campaign finance reform MUST become the law of the land; Corporate America should never have a Vote.
Citizens United was a horrible decision, up there with shredding the VRA.
Horrible for the Country, great for the GOP. How nice to have a locked donation box with an "R" outside,and envelopes with"K" on the inside.
Why vote trump will be dictator and we arent going to have a chance
Let's face it, people are discouraged because no matter who they vote for, nothing gets fixed.All of you politicians are bought by the corps
May we have policies rather than "BetterDeals"? That would help.
Pious thoughts and platitudes won't. #justsaying

And, hacking. South Carolina May Prove a Microcosm of U.S. Election Hacking Efforts (via @Pocket)
And today, there's been a discussion about @KamalaHarris for President on CNN.
The word is starting to spread... what does Kamala think? 
Voter I.D. to keep foreign interference out of our ELECTION and prison for anyone giving ILLEGALS driver's license Calif. #VoterFraud
Compared to when? Opine, Opine!
Why not "draw" districts alphabetically state to state? Gerrymandering must end on both sides. Doesn't matter how many vote if districts bad
No major changes can occur until the legalized bribery that is Citizens United is ended.
2 much credit is given 2 Russia. YES they had a part but REAL CULPRIT is VOTER SUPP. &  Electoral College!
The biggest discouragement, most times, is the candidate as their messaging does NOT resonate to all the (party) voting base.
Election Day should be a national holiday again and there should be a $50 fine imposed for failure to register to vote
With the biggest discouragement being a lack of good, quality, honest, uncorrupt candidates.
The electoral college...fix that mess or nothing will stay fixed
We need your leadership in this area. What @GOP & @KrisKobach1787 are doing is criminal.
***on purpose***
Mail in PAPER.  Have election marshals at every post office collection sight. It can be done locally, easily. Kill electronic voting.
...when almost 50% of registered voters DID NOT VOTE in 2016 POTUS election, democracy has problems! 
We must fix this
Some effective,well-placed TV ads might make them feel enraged rather than discouraged.Then help getting them registered no matter how hard.
The Electoral College also influences people not to vote  they think there vote didn't count when the candidate wins popular vote but loses.
in EC, in SOME states, 'winner takes all' votes.Not equitable, diminishes value of each vote: disenfranchised
There are too many ways people can vote illegally..need to fix it..
ID requirement for voting.   What's the problem?
@DearAuntCrabby what is  discouraging about a photo I.D. or proving u r citizen? Get real.
http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/supreme-court/trump-administration-stirs-alarm-over-voter-purges-n789706 …
Yea one is your not a US citizen but why argue over details you pathetic hack
We need to have a voter's Bill of Rights, even if only aspirational, that covers non-intimidation, security, and especially gerrymandering!
I agree.

PLEASE see the work from Philadelphia trying to work this issue! https://twitter.com/wordluscious/status/892063488675389442 …

Also #unhackthevote from @mikefarb1
Visit http://DontTreadOnMyVote.com  to learn where to sign (if Allegheny Cty resident), volunteer, & donate. End #votersuppression! #22ksignatures
There are strong reasons why Kamala doesn't want voter fraud investigated
You get Trump/ Pence  with that attitude so maybe now people will WAKE The HELL Up !!!!!

I question wisdom of discussing 2020 elections in 2017, but if you're going to, address voter suppression. From June https://beta.theglobeandmail.com/opinion/dont-focus-on-georgia-voter-suppression-is-the-issue/article35409425/?ref=https://www.theglobeandmail.com&service=mobile …
Stay strong and never let anyone deter you from voting. The days of Jim Crow are over but the GOP never got the memo.
I live in CA and Marxist always get elected.  Discouraging.

@JLownLaw people have to start speaking with each other about their reps and issues instead of listening to their BS & ADS
@Greg_Palast  U might wanna check him out, Kamala.  He's doing good work and could use your support.
How are we going to ensure against voter suppression in 2018?

@SenKamalaHarris
I agree
Pols with inspiring policies & a record that offers substance get people to vote. That's not you. Give it up for 2020, #KamalaChameleon.
Every legal citizen has the opportunity to vote!
How about putting candidates who aren't centrist corncobs and can get the progressive base out to vote?
Yeah voter intimidation is horrible and should be stopped, punished at every opportunity.  DOJ dropped charges here.

2018 is so important to our country.
Can you provide examples ow people are discouraged from voting?
How hard is it to get an ID and go vote? It's not hard at all. People are not discouraged they're lazy.
ILLEGALS cancelling out a legitimate vote is the greatest threat to the integrity of our vote!
Prove it
@letamericavote Amerikkkan democracy is a sham! Oprah said this about hateful, old Republikkkans:
You might try tweeting about #MedicareForAll.  You'd get a lot more responses & a hella lot more retweets.
De je' Vue. I advocated for voters rights once and these a**w***s want to go back. Ok but we will overcome again.
So - What specific things do you want to do to enhance ballot access for all Americans???
@SenKamalaHarris I love how you continuously speak out against the injustices that occur across the country. One suggestion: get loud!
You only want those illegals to vote. Stop spreading your hate K. Everyone who were born here or are citizens can vote.  Prove it to us
How is showing an id such discouragement. We ask for an id when purchasing with a credit card. Why not with voting. What's the big deal?
How are people discouraged from voting? A lot of people simply don't care to vote. That doesn't mean they are systematically "discouraged"
Here's a news flash no one is discouraged from voting if you are a citizen of the USA , one person one vote with proof of who they are!
Kris Kobach might know  thing or two about that.  Also what's with that stupid Electoral College thing??
why is the electoral college stupid?
My grandmother was a British suffragettes. Without people like her we still might not have the vote. It appalls me people don't vote today.
No one should stand voter suppression. Voting is essential to democracy and need to be easy and hack-proof
If you want more people to vote for you, give them something other than communism to vote for!  #communismSux
Doesn't it get exhausting telling lies all the time?
.@KamalaHarris We need to stop them, but first can we stop China and Russia from hacking into our voting system to pick another republican?

The oldest and STILL the most pervasive form of #VoterSuppression is #Gerrymandering!
But worse it also suppresses candidates 4 office!
gerrymandering is bad, yes.  but u need to educate yrslf about CROSSCHECK and Kris Kobach.  Check out @Greg_Palast
How about increasing the number of ConMen from 438 to 5,000? That will end gerrymandering & reduce influence of $ in politics.
YOU ARE RIGHT! THIS SHOULD OF NEVER BEEN ALLOWED! Bullying is not allowed at the polls! BO would of never won!
Let's start by listing in priority order how we knock down each and every obstacle. Let's do this now before the 2018 elections.
Agreed we have to start now
Not if you are legally a citizen of the county. Made up BS by Dems which is demeaning to minorities
You're tweets are mostly an extract of analyse. Write more clearly and direct. Some hesitate to vote.. This is what I'm going to do 1)..2)..
Oh please sto it with the dnc talking points! Only someone with something to hide cares
Right! While we're caught up in Trumps daily sideshows, his minions are stripping away years of progress for people of color!
Please use your voice to get everyone registered to vote.
#kamala2020
Plus some people are just assholes and don't want to get involved. Let's change that too.
We need a constitutional amendment guaranteeing every citizen's right to vote. Assuming a voter 'guilty' w/o adequate proof is UnDemocratic.
Afraid to lose your illegal and dead voters? 
PLZ ADDRESS: America's hijacked "free market" by Corporate PREDATORS that FORCE taxpayers to subsidize their low wages & steal the Dream.
Just remember your Party created the environment and LBJ thought the act was unnecessary.  The oppressor Party  has a conscience now.
Keep fighting and advocating! The VRA was a crown Jewel of US justice. That it was repealed under Obama is shameful. Thanks for your service
There is no point in me participating in voting -- you can't remove turds from office when the GOP controls gov't. Our republic is dead. 3/3
So much work to do....
If Harris gets the 2020 nomination I will be extremely discouraged.
Statistics show that dead people always vote Democrat.
@RepGoodlatte is gerrymandered into office, won't debate opps or even hear from those w/ diff opinions, was racist towards Pres. Obama. 2/
Trump has caused many people to question their own vote.
Is that why Dems overcompensate by voting multiple times?
Right, and we voted multiple times in the wrong place? If the election is rigged, let's redo.
Or simply require proof of identity, knowing that it isn't racist to do so.
To simplify the issue down to proof of identity is naive. IMO
Yeah. Other than detecting fraud it would really suck
Sorry, I am a little lit. I mean there are many things keeping people from voting. Some just don't want to be in the jury pool.
That is their loss. Ppl like that are horrible leaches on our system.
Well, that's kind of extreme. I wish everyone would participate. Voting is your voice. It is free. Your vote bid powerful.
what are the possibility of bringing back the paper vote, this would encourage people to vote. They will be confident not being hacked.
Thanks for being a force for democracy and positive change.  I'm proud you are my representative. #ThankYou
Agreed unfortunately that was by design with LBJ and Democratic Party, Voting Rights Act #VotingRightsAct
YES Sen.Kamla Harris, again in these secs your tweet ((notification) had to do some cleaning in kitchen before on Grill now.TRUTH
2:16pm CT. In 5min off Grill w/ Bratwurst will be watching a @MLB Sunday Baseball Game, will tweet team as then.TRUTH
5:00pmCT @MLBnetwork cont'd coverage, Around the League/Horn Sunday Games,Watching
Love you!!
PLease get your party to talk about this!
We can't ever let the non voters cause another Trump disaster in the future because this nightmare is real
