Tonight, veterans and working families who rely on Medicaid are more secure.
Seniors in nursing homes and children with complex medical conditions are more secure.
Tonight, cancer patients and those with preexisting conditions are more secure.
It's because people all across this country wrote letters, made phone calls, and showed up at rallies & town halls.
It's because Americans told their stories and made their voices heard.
You did this.
Please thank Senators McCain, Collins and Murkowski for us!!!!! I think I speak for millions
Thank U, @SenJohnMcCain !!! 
No, the message was that virtually no politician has principles he is willing to stand by when it comes to putting country ahead of election
You need to take a hard look in the mirror, lady!!!
Like you guys did when you passed ObamaCare knowing it was designed to eventually fail?
"Instead, you will submit to warhawk Democrats who want to play politics with your lives"
There is no question that you and Corey Brooks need to be the next ticket.  Great work, and God bless McCain.

Either shld Dems! Let's be honest and work together THIS time! Love u KH!
An absolute must read!
Or steal their money??? #NoAssetForfeiture
1 thing at a time
She leads the battle on healthcare & #TrumpRussia

The Nazi like asset forfeiture is 'Deliverance' Jeff &his time is short

I see & certainly oppose that
Go ahead get in race now stay above all the impeachment drama!
Nor can they skulk in the shadows; we see them. We see EVERY misdeed.
I think that is what President Obummer did with Obamacare! "You can keep your doctors"...NOT!
As you cash your corporate lobbyists checks..#Hypocrisy
#Impeach45
Can you please try some actual bipartisan legislating for the benefit of all now? Please.
How about achieving nonpartisanism and working to find the common welfare...
But they will and they will not hesitate..
we've seen this beast before.
 And I mean that with the due-est respect possible. 
#BigDisgrace  Democratic Party is Extremist and Republican Party,Radical Extremist;but Both are Equal in CORRUPTION.
Kamala, please personally thank Mazie Hirono for voting with you.
 She needs to be recognized as the hero she is.
Thank You @KamalaHarris
They haven't learned any lessons, they never do. They just need to be voted out. Tragicly some will get reelected.
The  problem still has to be addressed,trump wants it to implode. Don't stop now, it must also be fixed so it continues to work
Thank you, keep your voices loud.
And you shouldn't play politics with corporate sponsors & the wealthy, if you want the people to support you.
Thank You!!!!
hang in there like a pit bull with the crooked pres and GOP. Oh yeah-we want you as our next pres for the purpose of locking trump up.
Wht abt those tht r not children or seniors. Medi-cal/Medicaid doesn't cover basic needs for this age group. It isn't ACA! It nds 2 b fixed
Absolutely! Thanks 
No, but forcing some Americans to pay for others' free stuff is still ok. I thought we ended slavery in 1865?
Gop's desperation vote last night to take health insurance away from millions of people should make it more likely for you to vote in 2018.
I vote in EVERY election from dogcatcher to president! I never miss them
I meant that for the Trump voters who were targeted by the gop to lose their health insurance so McConnell could give tax cuts to wealthy.
Ah....got ya
Cute.
Please run for president!
It's ALL THEY DO, Kamala. Tax cuts for the rich, profits at the expense of environment, hate & fear for Xian Taliban base.
Don't you have to establish a link between "people's lives" and Obamacare to make that statement, first?
...because if it's not statistical "lives", and just metaphorical "lives", then ALL politics is "playing with people's lives".
Isn't doubling my premiums, doubling my deductibles, and determining my coverage for me "playing with my life"?
Exactly!
You're a joke! And what are the Democrats doing? You unbelievable hypocrite!!
They will keep trying to beat us down, day after day.  The criminal Don The Con has been con't enabled by the GOP.
Stay strong and alert. We are strong if we stay united. #resist #TheResistance. Proud of the fight against ACA repeal. True Americans 
@GOP is a dead party walking
Hang in there and hold them to it!
Going forward Dem message must be: We Can Do Better
Thank you, Senator, for all you do for us.  (Not your constituent, but appreciative just the same!)  
Dem have been playing politics with our lives for the past 7 yrs. But that is alright because they do no wrong.
Thank you for your support and fight for the health of all Americans. Time to work and improve the ACA. Time to work on Bi Partisan solution
AMEN!
So proud of the American people who fought, made calls, carried signs. This is what America looks like, and we truly are stronger together
Elderly parents, my aunt and my Nana who is 96 is in & out of rehab because she falls w/o Medicare what would they do! Thank you Thank you!
Single payer option is a must to keep the ACA competative.
Horribly worried about what we would do w/o Obamacare/Covered CA or if people with pre-existing conditions would not be covered or my
And we require monthly medical insurance, continual care for myself and my husband is doing quarterly checks for cancer. We have been
My husband was diagnosed with aggressive prostate cancer and had surgery. I continue to have daily challenges and horrible headaches 24/7
But last year I had a brain tumor diagnosed and removal of what they could because it's sitting on my main artery and left optic nerve and
Thank you so much. I was very concerned about coverage, in the past 3 years it has increased from $94, $126 to $511 monthly we can't afford
And hopefully the democrats will catch up an genuinly support single payer!
@PeterVogt10 Injustice prevails when good women & men do nothing...this  cat admires them for principled votes.
They shouldn't but they will continue to do so you know that right Senator? @SenKamalaHarris They're corrupt criminals who only care about $
indeed
Well you we best keep a close eye on them
Promises like DT's rarely kept
Both parties need to begin to put the people first and the party second. Democrats have their own dirty laundry as well
Keep up the great work Kamala!
Thank you for being a tough broad like Ann Richards.  I love to use that term when a woman stands up for what is right.

GOP ARE TRAITORS
I will vote against any politician on either side for re-election. Had enough of you lying clowns
That takes a lot of guts to say, your party says no, doesn't matter what it's for, if Trump suggests it your auto no.
The Hill is reporting that Lindsay Graham met with Trump about his idea to replace Obamacare. So we aren't done yet.
Thank you for your courage.
Last night the people spoke
https://judiciary.house.gov/wp-content/uploads/2017/07/072717_HJC-Letter-to-AG-DAG.pdf …
cant wait to see the dems shrivel up after this.
Amen to that! Keep fighting on behalf of Americans.
Bless you.
Any Congress must honor&promote fair&necessary #ACACapacityBuilding phase (onboarding providers&patients) restarting from zip-care baseline.
Thanks Senator for being such a great fighter! We need more people like you! 
Thank you for your important votes on health care. We support you!  Keep up the good work.
Agree. Somehow this whole B.C. Bill thing seemed like s play, a ruse to test our commitment to democracy.
Meant HC.
She has my vote for Prez in 2020...can I hear a AMEN !!!
You are a breath of fresh air...and now I too follow you...lead me my queen...
what should worry everyone is only 3 Republican Senators thought that it was not ok to release a bill 2 hrs prior to voting on it at 12 AM
TY Senator Kamala Harris for all your hard work and communications. And TY to all the Dems..our firewall against backsliding.
A big thanks to Senator McCain.
The American People want #SinglePayer. #Resist Corporate Dems. #SB562 #HR676
You can be a great Senator by representing all Ca. including Republicans, will ya continue to bad rap millions of Republicans in our state?
We want to believe. Really, we do...
They will NEVER stop. Be ready to fight GOP and Trump as they try and dismantle the ACA. They don't care if people die.
So true!
Enough is enough
NO. The message is that NEITHER party should play politics with people's lives. Congress is to be "of the PEOPLE," not "of party X."
Thank you All for your TENACITY#GotItDone
It's strong people like you that are inside the political realm but kept their values of people over party that gives us hope. Thank You!
Thank you Sen Harris for standing for us. You are appreciated
Great. Now waste no time getting to work on the ACA repairs.
Thank you for representing and fighting for people who can't (or don't know to) fight for themselves.
It's time for all to work together for the People and not a party-U R all the representatives of all Americans-work for us all! 
You are fabulous. Now that this battle is won. Please rally your troops and get aggressive towards getting these corrupt monsters out of WH.
Thank you.  Now please represent us and IMPEACH now!  Do it before he eliminates all checks and balances completely!
Thanks so much for your work
Thank you for your tireless work for us
Miss Kamala did much but she wont take credit! Lets give credit where and to whom credit is due: Senator Kamala
THANK YOU MISS KAMALA for fighting for ALL Americans! 
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris
So what's McConnell's next move going to be?  I can't imagine that this isn't going to arise again via some back door...
Please run in 2020!
Ms Harris time to take a well deserved break, thank you for your relentless service
Next up. We can stop the for profit hospitals, insurance, and pharma to quit play with our lives. SINGLE PAYER NOW!


Thank you, Senator, for standing strong with us! 
how do we get both sides working on improving ACA (and not sabotaging it)? This needs to be bipartisan. Show country how to come together.
Feel free to share this poem with a republican

Your moral high ground
Was nowhere around
As safety nets are downed
By greediness profound
And women like Senator Murkowski deserve more credit then they have been given for the stand that they made.
Transparency in pricing, tax employer plans and tax break for individual plans. Flat base rate for all ages
Thank you!
Thank you, Sen. Harris!
They still don't give shit.
Thank you so much for your support.
WE WANT MEDICARE FOR ALL AND BERNIE AS PRESIDENT!
but democrats can. democrats are never held to any kind of standard. thats why they cheated their own primary. and the debates.
Thank you for representing Californians like a boss
Nevertheless, the fight is made easier thanks to politicians like you, who are willing to hear the citizens and do right by them.
Senator Harris, as long as politicians stand to be enchanted by the force of power, the people must be ready to defend their rights.
Yes, the American people's voices sings out.. DON'T Touch our Health Care Plan! Thanks McCain and others who step up!!!
Exactly! TY all three Senator's especially my Great American War Hero Senator McCain! Trump, you can Thank a Real American War Hero! Karma!
You mean Russian roulette with people's lives.
Interesting phrasing kamala. It's sound like you excluded yourself. Why didnt you say our lives. Oh yeah you are excluded.
Thank you Senator!
Single-payer!
Thank you for supporting the #Resistance and fighting for us!
They still played politics ... 3 votes .. just enough . That's politics and not voting for what's right
That'll be the day!
THE PEOPLE OF AMERICA WAS ABLE TO SHOW THEIR REAL POWER WHEN THEY ARE UNITED, THEY CAME TOGETHER TO SAVE AMERICA & THEIR VERY LIVES!
Don't disappoint the American ppl by continuing to support that Russian Shill HRC. Both you and your sister will lose your credibility.
We need to put forward solid solutions, today please!
Thank you for your work and compassion.
Republicans don't care about people's lives. They care about their lives. Their political lives.
Obamacare is on life support..#letitfail
A post beneath you. This isn't us and them to the American people. We are one nation. John McCain was a true statesman. He voted his heart.
My question to you>Would you vote against your party with the stakes so high, or would you vote for the right thing to do? You can be great!
Find a viable candidate to run in 2020. Anything less is failure.
Thank you
Thank you!!!
You don't care about the people who can't afford health insurance and go without why won't you speak for them quit playing politics.
Thank you for the encouragement! I'm extremely depressed about 45 and his Court of Idiots!  What will it take to IMPEACH him?
Thank you for all your efforts, Senator.  @SenKamalaHarris
Yea well...you're up. I hope as this ridiculousness has been unfolding the DEMS have the fixes ready. We're watching 
Thank you Senator for all your hard work and RTs. #SaveOurCare
Thank you for your consistent and strong leadership, Senator. We  you.
Pp
And you must no longer play politics using class , gender,  and race warfare
Thank you for working so hard for Americans!
#FailureFriday
Thank you x1000 for all your hard work.
"Harris For America 2020!"
I live in KY not CA, but thank you for standing up for Americans and not personal interest or greed.  THANK YOU!
When your a billionaire...your last worry is about healthcare..Thank God someone else is listening in DC..
And now it's time for dems/Rs to work together for our country. Our pres does not know how.  Moving forward is up to congress
#FIGHT 4 AMERICAN PPL IS FAR FROM OVER WE NEED EACH OTHER REGARDLESS OF RACE AGE SEX RELIGION TIME  2 COME TOGETHER & FIGHT 4 EACH OTHER
It will not be over until trump and tea party are gone & reasonable people in office. #PartyofNo is #PartyofHate #Harris2020 LISTEN to us!
Problem I see is 49 of them voted Yes to a bill that should never have been put to floor. That is too close for comfort. Bunch of terrorists
THANK YOU for working so hard to stop these asshats, Madame . . President?
But will they heed the message?  I fear not.  Ryan still has Medicare and Social Security to destroy.
100% Agree !!!!
Thank you for saving healthcare and being so compassionate!   @SenatorCollins, @SenJohnMcCain and @lisamurkowski Thank you for your courage
Why are you not on O Care. If its so great?
You do that everyday though Kamala.
You're about as intelligent as a bowl of cold oatmeal. Nobody buys what you're shoveling.
Job well done !!!!
Thank You!!!!
Can't wait to vote you out.
.what will they try next? Next week?
Focus must be to get private insurance companies OUT of the business! I worked 4 HBCBS & can confirm their Mgt is greedy & put patient last!
NO POLITICIANS should play with the people!  NONE!   The people are STILL fed up!   Hillary won and we need JUSTICE for 2016!
you mean like how the Democrats have been doing that for seven years now?
Thank you senator, you never gave up and reminded us everyday that we the people have the power to stop this

Just imagine how different things would be if @GOP did one thing- told the truth. 

Further, if their voters stopped believing their lies
Vote for #singlepayer @BernieSanders bill #MedicareforAll @DNC
GOP wanted to deprive the most vulnerable people of healthcare and use that $ to give tax breaks to the least  vulnerable= Sinister nihilism
Thank you for fighting for us!
Kamala Harris in 2020
@OccupyDemocrats
But, of course, they will. Endlessly.
Thank you Kamala for your diligent dedication to our country
Is #Trumpcare really dead? Will #GOP really meet w/ U & others in your party to make #Obamacare stronger? After what I have seen I hv doubts
Thank you Senator Harris
Thank you for keeping up hopeful and motivated! You're a 
Too bad only 3 republicans realize this was bad.
Thank you for all you've done!!!
Thank you, thank you, thank you. I sm crying with relief.
#MoreHumanismLessTheism #ETHICS #SinglePayer
@SenKamalaHarris, thankyou for being a voice for California & the rest of the U.S. My senator, @SenToomey could stand to learn lots from you
They will never learn this lesson with the Koch brothers money in their pockets.
NOT interested in this corporate selected Canddidate

Is HC a Human Right? Amazing answer frm GOP!  https://youtu.be/MxiOi8AUBsE 
Politicians are still playing with people's lives. You're completely out of touch with rural America.
Sanders has more in common with conservatives, than kamala Harris. Wake up!!
Indeed, the GOP's use of healthcare to provide tax cuts for the wealthy was immoral & perhaps, just perhaps, more GOPs will follow the light
Two women and a man who brushed against death days before had to set the USA  straight
Thank you for fighting for the people
Thank you Senator!
I'm elated people get to keep their insurance just wish more  Republicans could of showed they agreed with the people and not their wallets
Thanks for all your Hard Work
Republicans must no longer play politics.
Kamala 2020
Senator thank you and your colleagues for your leadership and fortitude.  Congratulations!
