he's despicable, he can't help it
not insulting, just the facts. he has no soul. satan incarnate?
never get parking tickets cos i'm not a dick that feels compelled to park illegally..on the other hand, it is a law he's tryin to overturn
You imply parking illegally makes one a dick. So, being an illegal alien must make one a huge dick. Let's get rid of the dicks then.
the premise was an idiot using stupid equivalencies. and yes parking is such a hot button issue theses days, everyone is talking abt it
Just wanted clarification of your statement. Got it. You aren't a dick Illegals are. Same thing they can go. We have enough native criminals
He is incapable of feeling empathy or sympathy. Therefore he's incapable of dealing with this issue sensitively. How many Dreamers vote GOP?
Appeals to his base who think dreamers take their jobs. And the dreamers probably don't vote GOP. Win win for him. Lose lose for humanity
Illegal immigrants don't just take jobs. They reduce wages across the whole labor spectrum. The construction industry is a good example.
I have worked since 16, even when pregnant and raised a family. I am a citiizen. My taxes pay for those who won't work but could,
What you did or will do has nothing to do with a decision to remove 800k+ people here illegally. Obama decided now it's Trumps turn #EndDACA
You are sadly very miss informed
I don't think so. Your pregnancy while working has nothing to do with #EndDACA. They can apply to legally come back and get in line.
Why can't they apply for citizenship and not be thrown out. Give a deadline, and deport those who engage in criminal activity.
You can't have Obama back. You do get to watch trump eliminate everything possible that Obama did. It's the wonderful way America works.
Not to worry. True Democracy always finds a way. Enjoy your short lived presidency.
And if we had a true democracy that might be so. Trump may only get a single term that's true. It's looking like a hell of a term though.
Yes, Mueller's got this.
And Hillary is sure to win. Oops. Why would I trust the predictions of any lib? Because you are so accurate at forecasting?
I do love your optimism. That and the general aura of frothing hysteria flying off the liberals like night terror sweat.
They should have never been allowed!
#DEPORT_EM_ALL 
#AmericaFirst 
#FUCK_EM
Shouldn't he be worrying about North Korea,  flooding  and budgets? Dreamers really?
Exactly...It was passed behind everyones backs....This is not on Trump...He's doing a great job
There's a sick joy it provides him... Same sick behavior he demonstrated in his business dealings.
DACA is unconstitutional pretty simple
Actually that is just a talking point... but u a trumping so facts don't matter...
These 800,000 were firmly in BHO & Congress' hands- 8 yrs!! No immigration reform to help them- Why didn't you act???
If it was an obam-ere policy, he will do all he can to destroy it.  He's jealous because he will never be the POTUS or man obama was and is
EOs are not law... try learning about #DACA and see that @BarackObama said so 12 times.
I know the process; we speak directly to the intent of this rollback. It sports a familiar theme of discrimination and racism.
This is pretty much how I see him handling the issue
But Obama listed his "overseas time" as a qualification to serve as President. Why take that away from those kids. Learning new cultures.
THOUSANDS of American students with better stats than "Dreamers" are rejected from medical school every year  - http://bit.ly/2wESW1U 
He talks loosely of love, but then demonstrates lack of charity and compassion. I can't reconcile the two. Actions speak louder than words.
There's no way he could be that cruel (or stupid).
He loves being cruel. He ruins the lives of 800,000 latino (mostly) residents & their families. We all freak out & march. His peeps love it.
This is not a compassion or kindness issue. This is a law issue. They are illegal aliens. This is simple fact based action not feelings.
When did he do that it is their parents who threatened their future
Barack Obama created an unconstitutional pgm that gave false hope and expectations to 800,000 ppl.  Trump is fixing Obama's mess.
#NeverTrumpHillary @POTUS44 #DACA DREAMers in limbo http://bit.ly/2eXG0fF  Temporary Order Mandated Exposure for 1.8 Mil—Uncertain Futures
#NeverTrumpHillaryism! Restoring Trust http://bit.ly/2wCJ48N  Obama Temporary #DACA DidNot Go Far Enough—Dreamers in Jeopardy—Many Left Out
#NeverTrumpHillaryism Did We Take Comfort in @POTUS44 Placing Dreamers in Jeopardy w/Temporary #DACA—Dems Disagree
@BarackObama threatened their future with an illegal promise. Stop spouting untruths.
When do I get reimbursed $5000 for 3 months housing/travel, etc for homeless American because no room for him for mental health or housing?
Dreams are only as real as you make them. I want an Ironman suit. Shit wont happen in my lifetime.
Senator he deserves punitive action over this cliffhanger regardless of his "ruling".  Congress can remove him from office Why have you not?
Damn they must have broke the Stupidity mold when they indoctrinated you .... this is one of the most ignorant posts iv read
Can someone tell me his reasoning? Not that he has ever had a good reason for anything he's done, just curious.
It's not Constitutional.
#WRONG Their parents threatened their futures by illegally entering a foreign country hoping for a free pass. #UseTheFrontDoorPlease
This is VERY CRUEL to Americans who dream! Democrats don't care

A vote FOR a Democrat is a vote AGAINST Americans!
DACA Fraud Rate at '40 to 50 Percent', Says Former Immigration Official http://www.breitbart.com/texas/2017/09/07/daca-fraud-rate-40-50-percent-says-former-immigration-official/ …
He should start #Deporting illegals - that's the future they're entitled to.
What have you done about #DACA since Jan 3? You knew the EO by BHO was not law, get to work and do your job. BHO said 12 times was not a law
Another lie. Trump doesn't have the authority to fix this. Legislators like yourself have allowed this to drag on. You are the blame!

This was only a temporary bill that was not approved through congress but rather in an executive order with an expiration date..Not on Trump
Delusional! @POTUS is doing dreamers a favor.SCOTUS would have delcared DACA unconstitutional anyway...and then no 6 mo. for congress to act
This rested in your Senate's hands when you didn't pass any immigration reform to make DACA legal!! Why didn't you???
Stop the fear mongering Kamala.
Not only theirs, ours. Are we rejecting a Nobel Prize winner, or the person who will find the cure for cancer?
lol because only an illegal alien will do that for us.
He's not threatening. It's his pattern. He doesn't say it and not do it. You're not just a senator ma'am. You're a leader of the resistance.
Thats the problem, it rest in his hands. we are a democratic society not a monarchy, our votes count and our voices should be heard.
US is a constitutional republic #DACA was an EO and ends at the pleasure of the next #POTUS
This one is a " no brainer"!!!! When Trump is woefully sagging in the polls. OK We've been here previously. 1) His base will love it (more)
2)60+% of Americans will wonder, "What the (expletive)" then 3)Trump suffers another diminution in his poll numbers. DJT is firing himself
3)Majority of Americans have had enough!Trump is incessant on narrow world view.Stuck on http://stupid.Pink  slip him w/deliberate speed
Stuck on stupid.
It's called "bullying". It's all he knows. SAD
It's called upholding The Constitution
He loves doing it - and congress let's him - how about censuring him?
LOL censure for what??
Congress has to fix this.
If they upheld the Constitution like they swore to do, they would also cancel DACA.

Please run for President.
Myself and many Americans would support your run for the highest office of our land. This land needs leaders with your vision.
So?
What is anything but that? Let's vote. I'm tired of this Republic. I want  a Democracy.
Go find one. We have a system. There is a system to enter legally as well. So many want special rules. End of the line sweetcheeks.
If you were properly educated you would know DACA is in violation of the Constitution. Stop encouraging lawlessness.
Whatever happened to immigration reform. Why must undocumented ppl deal with uncertainty every day and year. Smh
I think Trump should be Deported/Exiled to Russia with this message
He must resign. He has done nothing but destroy our country for eight months.
Nah. Why resign?
If you are asking facetiously, cool. If not good luck with your ongoing struggle with reality.
Your suggestion is hilarious on its face. Hard to respond through my laughter. Country is ok. Better if we get rid of illegals and antifa.
Right,  and empower the alt-right, white supremacists and Nazis? I am NOT laughing.  Nothing funny.
Anyone that disagree with the left or antifa is called altright white supremacist or Nazi. The falsely applied labels are losing their power
Sorta like antifa? Just sayin'.
Antifa is the main group applying the labels and using violence to control who can speak and what they can say. Antifa fascists are an issue
We are a country built on #immigrants for F-sake! #tinyhands should stop threatening ALL our futures! #Impeach45
My I offer an edit? We are a country built on "legal" immigrants . . . .
Your proofreading is #deplorable too. If you're going to "offer an edit" you MAY want to check your spelling. #ImwithKamala #DefendDACA
I stand corrected.
While you're at it, read a history book, many influential Americans were immigrants. Andrew Carnegie, Madeline Albright, Einstein...
Yes, legal immigrants have contributed and all are great full. However, few matched your rudeness and smug attitude.
May I suggest you also read Gandhi & Emily Post. Looks like you have many lessons to learn.
Why doesnt trump deport the nazi's,kkk,and those against the law and the constitution. .oh yea,he's against the law and constitution. Proven
And Antifa.
The nazis kkk and antifa are legal citizens. They can't be deported. They can be prosecuted for crimes they may commit. That's America
Of course,i know that.i was referring to they're "undesirable"status in this country.these kids have done nothing to be expelled.
Being here is the violation. We can't house our 50k plus homeless vets. Forcing citizens to pay more for 800k illegals is wrong.
Its not that believe your wrong.your not.that 168 billion would help evety vet in the country.with housing,jobs,medical.and deservedly so.
We have plenty of issues and troubles with citizens that could use help. We should expend our nations limited resources on legal citizens.
I really cant argue with that.point taken.
"Dreamers are Americans in every way except a piece of paper." That piece of paper  = the laws of our country, which you swore to uphold.
Speak out to senate now- Trump is anti American- anti immigrant - Trump is KKK lover and member
Would I be able to save a dreamer by adopting them?
DACA truths
You fool. He only refused to re sign an unconstitutional order; telling congress make law re DACA. Stop ur emotional propaganda.
So you are a Senator who does not believe in laws.  Pathetic!

Please use this automated service to resist! ...I always pick congress as option, that way ALL ur reps receive!
https://twitter.com/ashtotheru/status/904508275911163904 …
Its in the hands of congress, it always has been. Get things done!
How did these Dreamers live before Obama??
@brainboomr22 this is a man who found "value" in sebastion gorcic or what the fuck his nazi name is. "Value"
90% of his agenda involves threatening others. He thinks he's a mob boss.
#RUKidding?? I'm SICK of hearing about everyone else EXCEPT #AMERICANCITIZENS! #DREAMERS ARE ADULTS - WHY HAVEN'T THEY TAKEN STEPS 2B LEGAL?
Obama created Dreamers, not Congress, not the courts. You need to fight in the Senate to make laws not public opinion. Get to work Dummy!
We are with you Kamala.
Congress has the power to stop Trump's abuse of power. What are you prepared to do to get others on board and take action against him?
So what were they doing before DACA?  Also this promise to illegals was made on the backs of hardworking Americans your constituents!
You misspelled Democrats.
The fate of trump rests.in OUR hands. And Mueller's And Schneiderman's
Their parents are responsible for their circumstances. Trump is responsible for preserving dreams of American citizens. You're disoriented.
The Fate Of EVERY AMERICAN CITIZEN OUTWEIGHS the fate of these ILLEGALS
Find a legislative solution
If only you could get elected past the US Senate.  But WE know you are at the end of the road to advancement, right?  No WH, in your future.
They are not in trump's little hands, They are in our American hands and we shall defend them
Yes, why make the parents accountable? Big gov't knows best, eh?
Maybe you can change that with a senate iniciative of some sort
Eliminate Trump, and you eliminate his threats. Our Constitution gives you the possibility, Senator. I give you my mandate and wish you well
No, their fate is in your hands.  Stop fighting the Reps. and pass a law.  Trump can't make laws, only enforce them.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @VP @KellyannePolls If you want to 'make America great' then Make Our Children GREAT!Crayons & coloring books...NO!!
It rests in The hands of Congress now, so pass a veto-proof Act now!
No, it doesn't! It rests with Congress to find a solution.
The law is the law dork.
Please we beg of you begin impeachment...before this man destroys our country
800,000 future and current taxpayers
Will they be able to keep their doctors?
Can no one reign this racist pig in. I'm sick of him breaking up families. I'm sick of him giving Nazi's & white supremacist a free pass.
they can't help it.  they are so afraid of the other.  Always have been.  even remotely dark people are hated here.
Who now has the database with all their personal information. Combined with voter info and now talk of resistance emails and contacts info
Trump must let the Dreamers be. Let them live in peace. He is too incompetent,stupid, ignorant to have this authority over so many people.
Let the dreamers be and live here in peace. @RepAndyBiggsAZ @SenJohnMcCain @JeffFlake @dougducey @RepTrentFranks @RepMcSally @RepGosar
We put them through school & then kick em out? Definite flaw in logic!
@Epiphanyshouse http://Afromations.com  for the indigenous
civil is commercial, democracy is treason. Why can't people file on the public record. Power not rights
Their parents shouldn't have sent them illegally into another country!
Shoulda would could Kamala
Stop blaming POTUS for stupid DACA program. Congress & obama should not have relied on an executive order to solve immigration reform
And they should become citizens you twit.
What about the DACA members of the military's.
I STAND WITH DACA#DREAMERSMUSTSTAY
The fate of 323 million rests in his hands. All our futures are in jeopardy. We need to make citizenship easier & get on with it. #wakeup
Please continue to fight for all of Americans.    You are a very strong leader!   Kamala Harris 2020
Imagine how millions of unborn children feel as they are being aborted!
Imagine how many children already here and living poverty who are suffering. Where is the compassion for them?
They are not diametrically opposed, but part of a seamless garment of life.  Abortion doesn't heal poverty.  It wipes out a life.
He is threatening the survival of humanity. That's how I feel.
Our party sends SO MUCH time & energy on Trump hating & fighting him,  I don't hear our message & vision for our country!
::::::clapping loudly::::::::  I'm so proud that you are one of two Senators from California.   Keep on fighting.   Because we will also.
@voniaburrell97  makes me sick he's giving Texas people 1million of his own money. I'm happy for Texas,but bet thats our tax money was'nt he
@voniaburrell97  told to leave company money alone!! How can he face them No Climate Change,No Global Warning pulled America out of Paris D!
That is quite a power trip, having a whole nation waiting for his next step. Typical style of #smallhands #Trump.
@voniaburrell97  Lord I pray for them so much! He'll say he cares,but he's so full of hate & lies no telling what he'll do.Muller Hurry!!
But he will do so precisely to spite Obama, Latinos & to prove he can. Power corrupts, absolute power corrupts absolutely. Not my quote.
So many creations, advancements, if gang killer bad police record may go
You should open your eyes to the reality of this mess!!
45 doesn't care, it's just another shiny object to him, 45'll drop his decision the next time Mueller has a bombshell to throw some light on
Donald Trump doesn't have any Compassion & is clearly Evil 
Trump doesn't care, so no use appealing to his "better side."  He doesn't have one.  We'll all have to pick up the pieces after impeachment.
He's a cruel human...all these rich people love their ability to ruin lives of those they weird power over. This is disgusting!!
He should stop threatening congressmen futures along with the rest of us
Not in Trump's hands...will be stopped by courts regardless of what Trump does.
We will go to court!!
Perhaps they should create futures in their own country? Just a thought.
He's out 2 punish AMERICA! He doesn't care what party u are, he's mad & going 2 punish everyone!
Agreed!
But he won't.  Because it's something that gives him a sense of power.
What and adopt your decision in San Francisco to not prosecute property crimes?   You have a history of flawed judgement.
He enjoys the game.  He's a sick individual.
Why doesn't Congress address #DACA? Why leave it up to Trump?
Why stop now? He's overturned everything Obama has done! Once legislation is overturned! Trump want have a job... might as well resign.
If he doesn't Senator then what?
He's sadistic, he loves having power over people's lives. It is sick. He's got to go!#ImpeachTrumpNow
He is a bully..
He doesn't care.

The real threat is from you and Congress. Do YOUR job. If you like #DACA do something instead of sitting on the sideline and complaining.
It's actually been in your hands since you've been in the senate.  Fix the law and stop crying.
Every human being deserves a pleasant home to live in, pure water. fresh air, good food, education & healthcare....
He does not care about their futures....
In @realDonaldTrump tiny hands
He should Stop
Trumps lack of empathy is abundantly clear.  He's stringing Dreamers along as they wait to hear his decision... and their fate.
How do we afford our citizens who are homeless, ill, & hungry.... & illegals.... with $20T debt? Honestly asking...
I'm sorry, but as soon as he is far, far away from the Houston Dreamers, he'll crush their dreams. He's too predictable. Campaign promise.
Removing  DACA would be up there with removing healthcare for millions of people.  He is soooooo cruel!  We can't let him get away with this
@SenKamalaHarris we know where u stand when it comes 2open borders its bad idont have time 2list the 0000's of CA US citizens @TuckerCarlson
I thought it was 300k
Reality check.  Trumpito has All of our lives in his hands. Yet he remains in office.  No anybody un CON-gress?
Why does he build this up like it's a stupid game show? "Coming Tuesday...will they stay or will they go?" He's cruel.
This is the face of a Dreamer. They are the heroes amongst us!
He should stop threatening all of our futures and resign.
Maybe after seeing brown faces up close N Texas,he'll realize they're actually people with hearts and change his tune. not putting  on it
@realDonaldTrump gets off on that power. I have a feeling he's not going to kick them out and that's why he's prolonging the announcement.
@realDonaldTrump is a sick man and gets off on being able to control people. #ImpeachTrump #TrumpIsSadistic
Had you not declined to prosecute certain Trump allies - the world might be a better place right now and Tubman wouldn't be crying in heaven
I can't believe that one person has absolute power over 800,000 people! This should have never gotten to this point.
He threatens ALL our futures
He didn't do it illegally. The injunction stands bc SC was splint (remember congress blocking him from a SC nominee?)
And yet here we have congress trying to stop Trump from getting rid of it
Bullying makes him feel powerful. Such a petty old man.
Congress should make it so that neither Trump nor any other wacko can just (willy-nilly) destroy these people's lives!  Stop him, Kamala!
But...but...threatening gives @realDonaldTrump a hard on. He doesn't have many choices these days.

when my people came to america. the signs read:
irish need not apply... 
those living in glass houses
should not throw stones ...
Exactly, he better do right by the dreamers or we must organize the biggest rally in every city in the USA. The man is sick
The world is watching our government use DACA kids as a political whipping board. #DefendDACA #Congress
#ThankyouObama
Im sure we all have a good idea of what his answer is. Yes, he should just spit it out and get it over with.
I'll be shocked if he doesn't end dreamers- honestly get ready for a fight
Pres Trump is not threatening.  He is deciding what to do with this mess that Obama left for him.  Obama illegally granted executive amnesty
He should deport HIMSELF back to his homeland; Mother Russia!
he was one of those terrible kids that burned ants w magnifying glass.
He should stop being president, the taint of Putin is all over him.
What Obama did was illegal but Congress should pass legislation
He loves the power .... So sick and sad   I pray he does the right thing and does not abolish DACA
I think their future is ultimately in the hands of Congress and the American taxpayers, if either will step up to the plate
I agree
Stop threatening Americans futures and let them get in line
Booker/Harris in 2020!
And ours too. These are contributing members to our communities and economy. Ruining lives for no purpose except fear and lies.
No rests with congress
#DACA kids shoud be grandfathered in. Change rules going forward, if necessary.  @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan
His sad tiny stupid fucking hands
And Dems should stop writing checks with their mouths that their a$$ can't cash!
Cruel beyond belief!
#RESIST
Why do you appeal to someone who doesn't care.
There are plenty of hands on the hill to stop this nonsense. No one person can ever be allowed to "rule" over these issues again.
The only reason he threatens their future is because he thinks their existence threatens his! And they do because they're not his supporters
If DT were an honorable man, he wouldn't consider hurting people like this! Nor during this crisis, dangle such a threat over them.
#defendDACA #defendDACA #defendDACA #defendDACA #defendDACA #defendDACA #defendDACA #defendDACA #defendDACA #defendDACA #defendDACA
#DefendDACA
Perhaps you and congress should do their job instead of grandstanding. What Obama did was unconstitutional. You should know that Miss lawyer
Have you listened to the DACA 'kids' speak? They are all smarter than Trump. Y he wants them out. His decision held like a carrot, teasing.
The few chosen to represent the many to create the impression we are deporting 800k einsteins? It's a false image. Show the face tattoo kids
Trump gets off on the power.  He adores it. Don't fool yourself into thinking he will consider the future of Dreamers or the country's loss.
