As a Senator, can u answer: What is wrong w/these people? Americans are under so much stress as they insist on taking away our healthcare
So much stress every damn day!
EVERY FREAKING DAY. ...
So our next President is a female from California.
Look in a mirror. You really can't be that blind..
You need to realize we have a psycho in the White House
To say the least....he's actually indescribable as a person....I cannot put into words the disdain for him I feel
Look at this picture then you will know
You're a dope Senator. Competitive health insurance has nothing to do with health care. You're too thick to notice.
This isn't about HC but a tax cut for millionaires and billionaires and that is why @GOP is playing politics.
You mean like you do every day?
Can Dems come up with a repaired version of the ACA that mod Repubs could support to have in the can awaiting a failed Trump care vote?
ALL politicians need to stop playing politics with healthcare. It's outside your domain. Free markets work, government doesn't.

These people are going to take away my heart medicine and give the savings to the Koch brothers- it is that simple!
Run for president please.
#TRUTH
#UniversalHealthcare
That's not how you spell 'Democrats'
It's not just healthcare. It's lives.
Are you serious?  You play politics all the time!  Stop it, I trusted you more when I voted for you.
But they won't
One minute after McCains phony speech about Republicans crossing the isle to work with Democrats, the GOP's were rolling on the floor LOLLOL
Republicans need a soul. Democrats need a spine and We The People need to FIRE ANYONE on the take from Drug Company$. #ACA #HealthcareBill
So desperate for a "win" they literally don't care what passes as long as they can say they've accomplished something.
Yuuuup
The truth is Donald Trump and his cronies can do just about anything they wish and nobody is going to stop it- dictatorship!
Russian witch hunt is nothing more than DEMs hiding the fact they have no policies to offer their constituents & the DEM leaders have failed
Your the joke you just can't handle the truth Antonio or Kid Rock over anyone like Pelosi, Maxine or Schumor is a Win  big Huge Win period
Seriously I do not think there is one thing you dont turn political, like even you interrupting ppl is made political
They interrupted her.  Change the channel.
Do something!
Please educate yourself on the current situation.
Its a dark day for America's healthcare. I thought Senator McCain would have been sympathetic but he's just a Republican and nothing else
John McCain is a spineless poor excuse for a human !  His track record speaks for itself!  He could have done something special. But no
Our healthcare, their tax cut.
It's DEMOCRATS that did that when they signed the idiotic ACA bill into law.  U Dems deceive the ppl by calling health insurance health care
Your the one playing politics with our healthcare. Take a look in the mirror. Your healthcare plan is failing and it will collapse on itself
Pot meet kettle
Senator, you know as well as I That my Medical as is will be gone ,no doubt about it
With all respect, I think they are playing pay back, which is much more sticky and hard to 'clean' like breaking a syrup bottle...
Well... come up with something more sustainable and affordable then. Obamacare can't stay.
That's what happens when good people stay away from elections. The lowest of the low (read: GOP) play with people's lives
I mean. I'm with you. But it's OUR health care. You guys are all set. If it really was *our* health care, @GOP would never have voted yes.
The way alleviate peoples anxiety about what's happening in Congress is to teach civics in high school. CA doesn't and should. One semester.
Shame on you!! You had evidence against @PPact & did nothing. You know health ins. Is different from health care. Ins. Limits care.
Come on @SenKamalaHarris, they get off on hurting ppl. The politics of bullying. It's a blood sport and the GOP love it.
The Republicans need to stop being hateful racists. Don't hold your breath.
They need to stop playing with our democracy and country.
prolonging the pain of millions...!
Hahaha! A politician playing politics lecturing about other politicians playing politics.
Your party ruined healthcare for tens of millions by making it more expensive, you should resign!
You mean the way Democrats did when they passed it?  Playing those type of politics?
This is partisan BS. Dems ruined healthcare and you know it.
As do democrats - No voting when you don't like something? Where's our representation? #DoYourJob
Are you people idiots?  It's a motion to proceed. And hopefully it wii result in NOT forcing people to buy what they don't want.
don't you think Obama did that in 2009?...he lied then (and wow, did he), and you are lying now
And just how is this accomplished?? Heller was threatened by Wynn & his $$$$. How do we fight THAT???
They cry "death panels" and you give us this....see the problem?!
Kamala they are not playing. I do not think that congress understands that this can push people to revolution.
I guess Dems should have not started the game to begin with then!!
...."If you like your doctor you can keep your doctor".........
That's an understatement
You need to #DoYourJob
Obamacare did not get one vote from Republicans
Have Dems ever thought maybe let them kill ACA, let their supporters feel the pain and maybe people will rebel in 2018. Just a thought...
We have to make them stop.
They have to STOP PLAYING POLITICS all together. They do not care about The Country or The People. Only their Investments in Corporations.
Oh when there's money to be made, the never will.
You are sickening & your demeanor speaks volumes 4 your gender. Eyes rolling interrupting Unhinged typical female response
Kamala Harris typical Fauxminist. Seething jealousy of her male counterparts
It's not politics; it's innate greed and cruelty.
Then I look forward to your vote for a full repeal of the overtly political ACA.
@egelliott3 what did you do with the Medicaid and Medicare taxes.... That's for ppl who are about to die get a job.
@egelliott3 you need to stop lying to people and use the media to throw fake news about the bill
What, like Obamacare?  Single payer?  Get your politics OUT of my health care and then we'll have something.
At least we knew what we were getting with ACA. Didn't have to pass it to find out. You cons love working in darkness.
You fought so hard for us and the #ACA thank you Senator, even if the @GOP were setting on killing Americans, we know you TRIED to stop them
The GOP has been forced into it by the inept Obamacare system put in place by democrats that hadn't even read the bill yet. Hello Nancy
What happened to the no votes
@Brooke888888 That's right healthcare should not be up for political debate nor should education and women's health care
Your so right.does anyone know where we stand yet.
They say seven yrs replace and repeal.. I say 8 yrs duly elected ... does nobody stand up for Obamas mandate?
Neither party seems to be doing a very good job lately. Don't act like you could do any better. You goose step right alongside the others.
GOP didn't pass Ocare. They read the damn thing & found it wanting.Libs didnt read it & forced it on us, knocking millions off their plans
#SaveACA Monsters in the senate might think if bill passes #resistance  will crumble. Don't. Dust yourselves off and double your efforts!
GOP needs to stop acting like a $$Cult & start acting like they're elected to help the people of this country.  But I'm not betting on it.
They're not acting like a cult. They are acting like agents of the Russian Federation.
Do we deserve less than @SenateGOP who will gain access to 200+ health plan FEHBP, 72% taxpayer paid premiums if they repeal/replace ACA?
Like you guys did when you shoved this ACA law down our throats? While our rates increased?  Do you care about that?
This is crazy
#45 = AmericanANGST @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @SenCapito @SenJohnMcCain @senrobportman  @cnn @SenDeanHeller @nytimes @weareoversight
All they play is politics. The politics of *WINNING*. -by cheating, stealing and hurting people
Kate Steinle is dead bc you allowed illegal immigrants in sanctuary city. Your politics literally killed her; blood on your hands. Evil.
PRAYING for the family.
Says the democrats who put us in this position to begin with!
Try harder.
Democrats forced ACA down our throats. Now my work insurance is double and I don't go to Doctors anymore. How about the millions like me??
We need a #FullRepeal and then we can look at the safety nets. #ObamaCare is broken and failing
Both parties should stop playing politics with our healthcare. Why are so many exempt?
Proud to be a Californian with you & @SenFeinstein leading a brave fight to save h-care. Kids with disabilities need you to stay strong!
ALL need to stop "playing politics." Ad nauseam GOP bashing is wearing thin. Didn't work for Hillary, so why continue? #nomorepolitics
Who's healthcare certainly not mine more people are being priced out of their healthcare right now! It needs to be repealed not replaced..
You are correct! Gov't has no Constitutional right to be in the insurance business!
Eliminate the government from healthcare.
Govt needs to get out of your healthcare and quit CAUSING the problems we have. you fix NOTHING
You need to stop making healthcare a political issue
When u subject urself&offspring to obamadontcaretax or VAwaitList ur care is a personal problem. Not my problem till u send me the billz.
Republicans are the true enemies of America
Democrats need to stop pretending ACA is a solution. 28 million still uninsured. high deductibles making care too expensive. #singlepayer.
You mean like Obama and the Dems putting a tax on all citizens to pay for healthcare for those that did not want healthcare??
If u like your doctor, u can keep your doctor..period!! From the honest person of the century @BarackObama
EVERYONE needs to still playing politics with our health care!
Yeah we see how that turned out when ObamaCare got passed
Kamala Harris 2020!!!
We want politics out of our healthcare. As in, none. Not you, not GOP, not anyone. Get out
.Love Ur honest spunk!!! Pls GO FOR IT!!! U have MANY fans - just w me already!!! Oh --- Bill the Cat - she votes!
.@SenKamalaHarris Please help the Republican supporters too. They want healthcare, but want their politician too. 
Agenda 21
I fully agree it was a bad idea in the nineties then Clintoncare treason will become an Abominationcare 
Let it die now!!!!! My health care
Republicans need to just stop playing politics.
Ironic.
What time is the vote?
It would be ok if you used stronger language.
Even worse @SecPriceMD @SeemaCMS are using taxpayer money to get people off #ACA when they should focus on informing us on #BCRA 

So cliche.... Repeal Obamacare...save jobs...promote freedom.
...but they won't. They can't, and still satisfy their big donors wants and needs.
You are the good-looking senator.  You are also kinda needing premise: 2008 WON'T COME BACK.  TRUMP IS DESTINY BECAUSE U SUCKED IN 2008, OK?
Lead all Democratic Senators (and any GOP with a shred of decency left) right out of the chamber. Mitch McConnell is a thief and a liar.
I don't know why they stay loyal to a tyrant. He bashed them a few days ago. I would turn my back on him. You all work 4 the people not him!
From the party that put people's health care in the government's hand...
That's what we have been saying at every march and rally, with every phone call and every email; yet, here we are.
@SenateGOP Oh boy , do you have the wrong GOP . This GOP voted for this.
Laughable! As if the Democrats didn't? Obamacare is proof that when the government gets involved in things it shouldn't they screw it up!
What more can we do? What can we do today to help?
They need to stop playing with our country..Period.
#CensureMcConnell for blatantly acting against the appropriate Senate process for legislation. Healthcare ≠ party loyalty oath.
They are held hostage to AFP Koch Industries &   laundering. If they vote outside the scope, they are primaried out. @GOP is compromised.
You mean like you did with BLACK lives
When you was the D.A.  ?
Please demand senate use safeguards to avoid  congress recess for 10 consecutive days. trump will pocket veto sanctions bill & appt new AG.
@TheDemocrats need to stop financially raping the working middle class to pay for everyone else's insurance while our families do without.
Have you noticed how often we're referred to as "voters", rather than "citizens" or just plain ol' "people" ?
A vote against a motion to proceed is really a vote for ObamaCare.
Stop playing nice with these fascists

"Our"? 
Rs are starting to actually kill people by damaging the ACA & horrible replace plan. @SenJohnMcCain knows how impt having good healthcare is
Dems had 7 years to fix Obamacare if they were really interested in doing so.
Republicans are a waste of time,  tax $, and do not work for the people.
Or at the very least, take the same health care we have to.
Women senators need to stay strong
We don't have any strong ones they are all in the throws of period aggressive/menopausal behavior. They can't be rational
@ManuelSillas54  We need to.Don't vote.And this.Bill.drop. And demand that a new healthcare plan,.should be made.And  by medical physicians
Vote today is a blind "motion to proceed" -  all games and politics with  no caring.  This is how to take the care out of healthcare.
Agreed. Now how are you going to stop them?
senators need to do more than tweet about it too I see you @tedlieu @SenSanders @timkaine  tweeting up a storm and nothing changing.
I'm terrified that I will lose my protection from lifetime caps. With the cost of healthcare rising, many will be affected. #SaveACA
Please stop lying those are not in the chopping block stop the lying propaganda people are dying & hurting and cannot afore failed Obamacare
The financial impact of repeal will be devastating. Completely devastating.
https://www.theatlantic.com/amp/article/534768/ …
or maybe ya'll should grow and realize if you started playing politics, and advocated single payer, maybe we'd win an election or two 
This Russian witch hunt is nothing more than DEMs deflecting from the truth they have failed constituents with lies, failed policies & HRC

It is not a health care bill, its a tax cut and an attempt to return to the 1950's, where white men ruled and POC/women "knew their place".
I would call my senators, but it's you and @SenFeinstein! Hoping enough republicans put country over party today.
@SenateMajLdr had plenty of time for debate but he locked you out @SenCapito, @lisamurkowski, @SenatorCollins, @DeanHeller,@robportman
I am so angry at them right now. I will lose health care and will die tempted to take some of
Don't finish that statement, we all understand
Demand a single-payer option.
Why?
Like democrats who got us in this mess
Democratic Leaders and senate and congress DEMs need to stop with fake Russian witch hunt to cover up their failure to there constituents
Yassssssss
YES! in this min your tweet(notification) Sen. Kamala Harris, as I was tweeting Sen. Dianne Feinstein at the same time TRUTHFULLY
I'm a loyal (Patriot) : being for  a speech you made to a audience in Los Angeles "Rep. need to stop playing politics w/our health care"
#SaveACA
Damn straight!
This Government by Blackmail the Republicans have engaged in needs to stop.

Republicans need to remove their Trump MAGA hat & wear the Founding Fathers hat 
trump needs to stop playing politics; has no idea, his "senior/top advisors" are clueless apprentices as is he; trumps played USA big-time!
They'll only stop playing politics with healthcare if we threaten their jobs. Anyone that votes for MTP should be retired.

202-224-3121
That's what i told Ted Cruz' office today, the staffer went ballistic on me.
And what did you say back?
We argued a while then he disconnected and wouldnt answer the phone again. Chicken-shit.
@DanaRohrabacher is my Rep and he is awful but the staff picks up/listens. I'm sure they hate him too. I'm lucky with Kamala and Feinstein.
.@SenateMajLdr I'm looking at you, and I will NOT forget. On behalf of mothers everywhere with special needs kids: YOU PICKED THE WRONG ONES
People over party!
The 45th's sheep followers really need to step away from the Kool-Aid and grow some brain cells.  If it's not too late to do so.
