Hundreds rally in support of Oakland nurse, family members facing deportation within hours https://www.dailykos.com/story/2017/8/14/1689570/-Hundreds-rally-in-support-of-Oakland-nurse-family-members-facing-deportation-within-hours …
She broke the law Senator!  FIX our Legal Immigration system in Congress and STOP complaining!  Find common ground and do Your Job!
Oh silly boy.. She can't be bothered doing her job.  She's way too busy laying groundwork for POTUS run in 2020
You need to ensure that the illegal immigrants in your state get to fight to stay in. Do the proper paperwork and pay taxes.
Emboldened Amn Whites are excited by trump & they believe he plans 2 remove all non whites restore segregation only wht immgts 2 b allowed
The new #trumpRussianAmerica #EnablingRacistsGOP doesn't take responsibility 4 injustice no reconciliation revictimizes the marginalized
Can't have a welfare state and open borders. #AmericaFirst
You democrats are law-breakers and thugs.
what can I do. I live in an immigrant area, I am a legal immigrant, but I want to work to help undocumented people find a way in?
How about finding a way to help Americans and not uninvited welfare recipients?  #AmericaFirst
I don't see how undocumented people qualify for welfare... you need the right paperwork to do so... please explain this to me?
Then YOU and YOUR family pay for them, and the generations after them to be here.
If that nurse makes a mistake, how do you sue if she's illegal?
We are a nation of laws.  As a Senator you should know that.  #MAGA  
It's not a "disgrace" to follow our laws & as a former prosecutor your whining is politically motivated grandstanding. Stop the divisiveness

You're the disgrace.
All these big mouths here...Wonder how you'd feel if they used your social security number to work...
Not "Hateful Policies"  Laws of the Constitution, which YOU swore to uphold.  Are you going to do it or not.  I'll stand by for answer
What an outrageous statement!  You should be impeached for not following the law and trying to circumvent it!  Do your job!
Keep protecting criminals at the expense of middle-class Americans. We will not forget koala Harris. Your national ambitions are toast
She voluntarily broke the law.  responsibility is on her.  Enforcing the law is the gov duty, writing those laws is yours. Do better now!
America is better than this
Isn't being an Illegal Immigrant a Federal Crime? When did it become ok to enforce only the laws that don't make us butt hurt?
How does one get a job in CA without proper documentation? I've always had to provide DL &  SSC. 
Harris is a racist. How do I know? She's a Democrat!
"President" Trump and all criminal Russian collaborators of his "administration" are what need to be deported from the US. NOW.
Actually, all liberals should move to #Venezuela
That would be hilarious, yes please do 
Come here legally and you will not have to worry about that
Illegals are more important than citizens to you I see.
Contribute to the society of you want to live in this country. It's simple as that. We can't afford handouts.
Find it amusing that Democrats publicly fight to keep illegals, while despite Union dues going 2 Democrat campaigns, jobs get exported
Hateful polices or law of the land?
Do Affirmative Action Sock Puppets believe in the rule of law?
You mean the law, not policies.
How about you fight for Americans? Youre just another Dem steeped in hatred for those who built this country. CA deserves you.
How would you like to go thru a year of hell w IRS to try to straighten out income earned by an illegal using your social security number?
If she's illegal, whose social security number is she using? That would be a federal crime for any US citizen!
did the judge err in his/her decision?Shud the staff that caught the illegal voting look the other way?
do u respect the rule of law? What kind of country do you want?
If you don't like the laws on the books then change them, until then illegal means illegal!!
Why is a sitting Senator reading the Daily Kossack  ?
I'm loving how you lying prog nitwits are ensuring that Trump will win in 2020 in a landslide.  Keep it up, please.
This is so far the only agreement we have. I believe before any else deported, we should repatriate prisoners to their country of origin.
This Isn't right. @POTUS is a disgrace
ACLU maybe they can help
Adios!
If only you had taken an oath to uphold and defend the laws of this country. Oh, wait......
This shows that conservative "family values " voters are lying about their motivations.
Following laws - part of the values
When are you going to update me on your cohort's threats to murder me Kamala @SenKamalaHarris?  cc: @jeffsessions @TheJusticeDept @FBI
supporters of this fraud should ask themselves why they should forgo the American dream and resist the policies that provide the opportunity
for them to achieve success and acquiesce said dream to foreigners.
Horrible!!! 

as soon as this crook 45 is impeached we get them back
Can we please keep these good, hardworking people who contribute to  the wellbeing of our society and get ride of the awful haters?
left u.s.cuz of reagen/nixon in 1970 to come to canada. greatest place on earth! 'sanchez's please come-u will BE WECOME HERE!!!
Keep track of what happens to those girls. 
wouldn't it be better to Deport Trump
@LESTERJ205
Seems they are deporting those who are contributing to our country...so much for the "bad" ones. Those take too much time.
Not enough, Kamala. You need to mobilise with POLICIES that will help us win elections and oust this hateful regime. Get onboard.
Deporting folks like this is stupid. No other way to say it.
@dailykos @TUSK81 @realDonaldTrump said only vicious criminals wld be deported... Another lie...@SpeakerRyan
Where is support for Americans in tent cities and otherwise suffering in Oakland.  When they are lifted back up we can see who is next then.
After 8 years of Obama and these people STILL don't have a path to citizenship but now it's trumps fault?
As a ER RN, and a Democrat, I am appalled! We are in dire need of good nurses! Please keep fighting @SenKamalaHarris
Harris is more Marxist than democrat...
If they R hateful, it should B EZ 2 repeal them. More disgraceful using M&E 4 props 2 break laws. Family separation aint uncommon by choice.
They aren't hateful policies they are laws that have been for years! If u 2 change it via congress! Ur getting paid 2 do it! Stop stealing !
Could we please keep this family and get rid of an equal number of white nationalists?
Go in there with YOUR heart attack and insist only white Americans touch you.
Lol! You do that! I worked in ER.  You'll be an easy patient to IGNORE.
So, how's those impeachment proceedings going, that fight for families targeted by Trumpov's hateful policies ????
Good bye.  Should have came the legal way. Families aren't broken their all going back.
A job John Kelly was very happily overseeing until 2 weeks ago. As right wing as the rest of Trump's enablers.
Theres no logic to splitting up families.
POSITVELY, in this min your tweet (notification) Sen.Kamala Harris, 12:35am CT, not as early, I won't wonder why. @CNN Now! (FAMILY)
Trump wins with every story like this RNs family.
@dailykos conflict of interest w/GoP voting, twice, to hide his tax returns??
We might get knocked down, but never knocked out!  Keep fighting for them, Kamala!!  #MakeAmericaDREAMAgain
This is horrid! What have we become?
#ImpeachTrumpAndPence
Mrs. Harris, please make sure all @GOP members know our descent towards @POTUS and why he needs to be removed.
Alt-Left Political Terrorism is running rampant in America.  Police, Republicans and White Males BEWARE!  #AltLeft #Antifa #BLM #ViolentLeft
