Reminder! We were promised $2,500 annual family savings and would be able to keep our doctors and plans.
This just in: Obama is not the current president.
I haven't appreciated the last 3, consistency
Let me guess. Libertarian?
I try not to align, but I do embrace a lot of the principles
Those principles don't hold up in the real world. They basically boil down to, 'I got mine, screw you.' No room for the public good.
Don't buy that as the most charitable in our society are those who are demonized for not doing enough
Libertarianism decries taxes, which are essential for basic services like road construction, fire departments, and police departments.
Did you failed history 101?  Pelosi said "we won't know what's in the PelosiCare bill until it is passed"
Why is it RWNJs like you can't defend the GOP without attacking Democrats? It's almost like you know your team sucks.
Lifelong registered Democrat.  Against freeloaders and do nothings hijacking the country.
How about corporate welfare? Overpaid CEOs that send jobs overseas? At-will employment that screws over workers? Cuts to education?
Bill Clinton enabled all the abuses you mentioned. Take a look.  BTW, the Communist Party will be more to your liking
Dodge the questions, assign blame elsewhere, and insult me. That's pretty much what I thought you would do.
Facts hurt your feelings?
CBO Projects Obamacare Repeal Will Cut Deficit By $119 Billion
Without caring.
#TRUMPTARD
#LoserPOTUS
#LoserLosingLost
Sort like Obama / Pelosi... Deal with it, we did.
Oh you mean how Dems did it Remember Pelosi we have to pass it to know what's it it? was crap for middle class premiums up enroll down
#deplorable !
They obviously don't care.
What have you and your obstructionist friends done to fix the current broken system? Obstruct and stall is not a method to move forward.
It's as if they don't care. They just want to  the box.

Because they don't care about American families.
How'd ACA turn out compared to its CBO?
how about passing obamacare without reading the bill?
Politicians Pd too much for that. Earn your pay, be informed.
OUTRAGEOUS!
Never forget N Pelosi on O care, "we have to pass if before we read it"
And not caring
You mean like #Obamacare  that tripled my premiums, doubled my deductible and haven't seen the doctor since George W.
Reminder, Nancy Pelosi said "we have to pass the bill so you can find out what's in it" speaking about Obama care. Don't be hypocritical!!!
They didn't care about the CBO score they just wanted free beer in the Rose Garden!
They do not care about the impact on American families at all. They care about giving tax breaks to very rich people who don't need them.
Of course they knew its impact. I resent this inability to give them credit for being intelligent AND malign.
Without knowing or without caring?
They will get a rude awakening in 2018 because 1% does not get one re elected!
Because they honestly don't care.
Because they couldn't care less what the impact is. It won't effect them.
That's because they don't care about most Americans, only the rich, and no one else.
We expect Senate to support the people. We expect Senate to #ImproveACA! We expect Senate to vote NO #Trumpcare! #ProtectOurCare #Resist
Republicans is so cruel and greedy.  Come on Dems fight back.
because they do not care and are greedy SOBs...we need single payer and eliminate the for profit healthcare, but support medical research.
They are lowering coverage and kicking 23 million  people off is so they can use that cash to give enormous tax break for top richest!
And exempted themselves from their own healthcare bill.
Oh, they knew, they knew.
I beg to differ Senator. @GOP knew exactly what impact it would have. They're not stupid, they're just evil & greedy 4 power. #Resist 
Silly goose they knew
Its in now. L
.@SenSchumer You just said trump should read this CBO report cover to cover! Impossible. He doesn't bother with details. #CliffNotesPlease
How would we know. Never been fully explained exactly what's entailed.  Just baseless snippets! Yet another media fail... @washingtonpost
The AHCA isn't about healthcare, it's about tax cuts for the top 2%! Republicans don't care abt the middle class, low income, or disabled!
They don't care! It must be stopped!
They also don't really care!
SURPRISE! 
23 Million lose coverage by 2026 & pre-existing conditions aren't able to buy! But at least "high income" people get tax break!
As did the Democrats at midnight. Dems are bankrupting CA and the US
out now.
They knew.
Didn't you support Obamacare before you read the bill?
They don't care. That should be the rallying cry. Ask why they push this stuff. Follow the $$ #greed
Attn: @SusanWBrooks .
And then had a beer bash to celebrate. I hope they're all out of jobs after the midterms.
They knew the impact. They just didn't want the rest of us to know.
Kamala they passed the bill in order 2 fix the catastrophe, Obama care!The bill the dems lied about, told citizens it would cost less&so on?
The GOP does not care about the Poor, Elderly, and the Middle Class
It's not polite to lie about people.
We judge them by their fruits. So far, nothing but rotten BS and misdirection from the Rethuglicans.
Maybe with a little hate thrown in? Republicans are your neighbors, not suits in DC.
Wow, just like the Dems did when passing ACA. They're just like you.
Voters need to tell House Republicans who they are SUPPOSED to be representing.  Exercise your personal power. VOTE every time!
They're representing me.
So you approve of your representatives voting without doing their homework? How exactly does passing this health bill help you?
They knew, they just didn't care.
I can tell you the CBO score already. 
Elite, Upper Class = 1
Middle/Lower Class = 0
Game, set, match, GOP. 
Thanks for fighting to fix it!
Deja vu...Pelosi said the exact same thing about ObamaCare. #ShortTermMemoryLoss #OutOfTouch
Because u CARE, right @GOP?

@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr #FlipItDem #FlipItDem #FlipItDem #FlipItDem #FlipItDem #FlipItDem #FlipItDem #resist
Nazi Republican Party does not care about the impact on families.  They only want to play politics, look out for 1% and rule, not govern.
Why such hate for people you don't know?
You are wrong. I don't hate anyone. Just telling the truth.
Nor do they care.
No soul and no conscience in any of http://them.Voting  them out isn't nearly enough punishment.
Please. Nancy Pelosi.
Totally Irresponsible @GOP voted #TrumpCare without
a) Knowing what's in bill;
b) Reading bill; and,
c) Without CBO score
#AlternativeFacts
When exactly will the average family see their $2,500 per year saving from the "Affordable" Care Act?
They absolutely knew how bad it was. They all just flat out refused to even acknowledge it. Cynical bullshit, top to bottom.
#NoAHCA
They did, however, know the impact to their masters(rich donors')pockets.  They actually WANT people to die, look at the budget.
They don't care what THEIR bills cost, so long as they can continue to kick the poor while they're down and give more to the rich.
I'm confident the baby will be ugly.
Did anyone study the impact of Obamacare on USA before our premiums and Deductibles doubled? I'm guessing the answer is "No".   #FullRepeal
So MSM reporting on how the healthcare bill will affect American families is not supported? How could MSM know but Republicans not know?
Republicans know, they just don't care and get to act ignorant until an official CBO report is released.
Interesting that you disagree with @SenKamalaHarris I thought she was spot on.
She's says it that way for political reasons
ACKNOWLEDGED: Sen. Kamala Harris of Oakland,California; Senate Floor
Passed it knowing: 65M w/ pre-existing not covered; >24M+ losing cover; as much as  another 20M losing from budget cuts. Knew hurt >100M!
Without care for average Americans
They do not care about us.
The @GOP loses all right to be taken seriously.
You misspelled "caring"
We are all waiting.
And that waiting for the CBO score was used as a Republican stalling tactic during vote on ACA
They knew.
