Oh yeah!
...She is a member of the Democratic Party... so she's a Democrat. Thats all that means.
Of course you do. Because unless they tell you what ideology they claim, how else would you know?
Oh well. Looks like she failed your little purity test. Best of luck finding people who pass.
The sad truth is the far Left never votes. So it does no good to cater to them, even if you'd like to.
The attempts to improve health care by removing the 'ObamaCare' program. At least it brought some order and understanding to the topic.
And thin skin Trump is trying to distract.  I think the GOP is in cahoots with this whole Mika attach!
@science_biased It is innacurate to refer to this as a healthcare bill. It's financial reform, healthcare is the victim.
Will there be any punishment for @realDonaldTrump's latest defamation towards @morningmika?
Unless Flynn gave this info up already. But still would be great to catch the other traitors too.
The Senate Republican  bill will kill jobs. #TrumpCareKillJobs
Nope. They took it down again.
She's a woman trying to do right by the country forget Democrat she's for OUR country
Without it, it will be the way it was before ObamaCare. No way to tell what is covered and how much! New bill will wreak HAVOC!
It's "bribe a senator" week.
I just BBC reports from Kentucky! agent has no support re ACA repeal. Reports that his base support is REAL FAKE NEWS! Keep pressure on!
And no to whatever flimsy afterthough amendments they want to throw in. Deny it all and let them fail. They need sum humble pie.
Be sure to call the offices of BOTH Cornyn & Cruz EVERY DAY until this bill is declared finally dead!
If it passes, all hell breaks out!
call who? if in CA, does it help anything to call your office? can we get thru to @SenFeinstein?
We R "better than this". Constitutionally, health care is a State "right".  Let States provide better, cheaper healthcare for citizens.
Keep fighting Kamala-Californians need to know you are not only voting no-but also doing all you can to stall/stop this dangerous  bill.
Congress need to REMOVE Trump from office immediately.
I sure hope they have names of the guys who were working with Smith. Now that he's dead they need someone other than Flynn to corroborate.
Mailbox full. Will continue to call.
It's not a health bill, Let's call it what it is, a tax cut bill for the rich!
Also, seems like everytime a Trump initiative is really at risk or needs to divert attn. From investigation a threat of war emerges! Now NK
The GOP Senators that drafted death bill is because they're more concerned about getting money than they are about helping people in need!

THIS should be all Senate GOP offices until their healthcare bill is officially dead:
And they're working overtime at constituent misdirection.
By build support, I assume you mean bribe. I get why you can't say it, but that's what it is.
Calling for #Medicare4All
called both of my Senators @dccc
And @DNC use the next few days to do nothing but complain nothing new 

Vote your #criminal party home or prison or institution
U think that's a lot of ppl b/c of shading on a map? Most ppl live in the blue space, dense population, the red is mostly land not ppl
Both parties need to work together for the better of the people. Healthcare is for the people and both parties should try coming together.
I call @SenatorIsakson every day. They keep saying he's 'taking his time reviewing the bill' Really? He's a coward
They just bought Portman.
Support for Obamacare declining.
Instead of complaining why don't you do something to fix it. Im a disgusted Democrat
How can they justify passing a bill that the people clearly oppose? At this point every politician that supports #TrumpCare is guilty.
"build support" = offering/taking bribes
And protesting, e-mailing, 
#KeepPounding
Single payer in California is an important step.
California's Republicans all voted yes against ACA. http://fw.to/oWVrT1a  takes Ca homeless #Vets to org,vote them out 2018! #CostaMesa
Why don't you present a bill that gives everyone the same healthcare that YOU get? Problem solved.
I call and write, but I am beginning to think it maes no difference to these people.
So what should they do? Let ACA fail? We already have the fewest # of uninsured Americans since 1978. Get an education.
How many people do you think lost coverage and died under Your Obamacare? You think none right.Keep up the good work. Keep loosing elections
Bribes and threats are in the #GOP air . . .

@cumberland_g 12% approval. It's dead the #GOP is just playing like their trying
Never under-estimate the brain-eating gluttony of #GOP zombies.
oh I know we need to keep up the pressure on those greedy bastards #resistance was heavy in Washington
God help us if the pubs get the HC passed
Text resist to 50409 will fax your letter to your senator based on your zip code it's free #savemedicaid #advocate #killthebill
#Bravo 
anybody who votes for the bill must be fired at next election. no donations and no votes. How will they pay Trump golf membership?
I keep calling, but is anyone listening? It seems like they do whatever they want regardless of what we do.
Government for the people, by the people. TRUMP & other government officials work for us. Remind them with a call. Bad Work = U R Fired!
"Build support" is a code wors for "bribe the crap out of the opposition"
CALIFORNIA WANTS SINGLE PAYER NOW
Help it to fail. Then GOP has to work with Dems on Obamacare. #Wealthcare #Deathcare
Hahahahhahahahhahahahah #oops
Can you introduce your and Diane's bill. Would anyone listen?
You need to get in between McConnell and the reluctant GOPers and force them further apart.
Don't you have women's speeches to scoff at and silence?
Please ask GOP on the floor why they hate Americans and this nation so much?  They truly WANT to kill as many humans as possible.
#DUMPFCARE
Favorited, RT'd ,& called today...who you rooting for in the Freeway series? 
They got $300 billion up for grabs in entitlements for the next 8 yes men.
Republicans are deciding their price for millions of Americans' suffering and death. $1/10/20 million? Lobbyist job guarantee? How much?
Democrats Should Utilize "Lull" In The GOP "Hyper-Cruelty"..ACA "Demolition-Derby"!..To Find "Solutions", To "Tweek" ACA!. GOP,Will Be Back!
I called & remember that are trying to KILL our WILD HORSES too! So tell them Yes On SAFE ACT & no classifying them as LIVESTOCK to KILL
Do those calls register with reps./sens these days?
@tedcruz & @JohnCornyn have their fax machines turned off & no one answers the phones.
Here comes the GOP Fake Out. McConnell is shaking his piggy bank and they come running. Little tweaks & bribes 4 good boys & girls. Resist.
Call every day!
Talking to Inhofe, Lankford & Markwayne Mullin is like talking to a wall. Thank you, Senator Harris for fighting for this critical issue.
I agree. It's terrible. Need to repeal and replace completely. Get out of the insurance business. Free market is the way to go.
What about the terrible anti-immigration law they are going to pass?
This is Trumpcare Wealth care vote Against the GOP 2018,2020
#GOPDONTGIVEAF0CK #GOPHATESICKPOOR #GOPATTACKVETSHEALTH #GOPPAIDOFF #WANNABDICKTRAITOR #DignityOverMoney #Hyprocrasy #SCRUPLES4RUBLES
Yes people please call mrs Kamala & demand she steps forward and helps her constituents by being their voice on the health bill it's her job
#Trumpdontcare BILL
& have conversations in&w/ your community. Don't forget, many don't keep up w news, even weekly - & are still ignorant to what's happening!
When they get a chance to read it, Republican Senators are running for the hills. Watch for more defections.
I wish you were the Senator from Texas. Keep doing what you are doing!
Relatively small population of ultra rich psychopaths!
The answer, of course is yes. They won't say it but I would love video or pics of their facial expressions after asked.
Thank you Senator Harris for standing strong!
While democrats read their copies of "Rigging elections for dummies"!!
After insulting & attacking Muslims, POC, Elderly, the GOP & Trump are now coming for the rest of America! #AHCA #TrumpCare #DeathCare
TYVM Ms Harris for standing up for ALL Americans!
Building support or bribing senators?
Both there's that fundraiser tonight.
Why won't @SenateMajLdr hold floor debates w Dems on #BCRA. It's as if he doesn't really want to get a good bill, just ram thru a bad one.
We have the long weekend, and people in California will be at the resistance
Whatever they bring back Friday it can't be supported simply because it's better than the last one. It's all relative.
Toomey's line is busy and his voice mailbox is full. Coward.
Of course it is. Thanks for trying.
What else can be done?????
Seems like everything's a rich mans trick.
Democrats just killed single-payer in California and you're still spewing #DNC talking points. That dog won't hunt anymore. #DemExit
To "build support" or to find out everybodys # to buy the needed votes???
Really we cannot rest.
I called 16 R senators yesterday and 6 today. More tomorrow.  I'm on it!  Also emailing and writing postcards.
Get it girl 
OH: "We need 52 turd polishers! STAT!"
You are my senator. I know where you stand but here is my voice...I'm a cancer survivor. I now have a preexisting condition. I need the ACA!
We must not drop our guard this is by no means over!
Oh boohoo. Just repeal the whole government-forced insurance. People need to grow up & buy their own
McConnell says unless senators tow the line he'll be forced to go to Schumer.  Have to work with Democrats!  Heaven forbid, what a jerkoff!
@BrunoAmato_1 Rs r  trying 2 set the Ds up as obstructionist 4 the reason Y this funky bill isn't passing...WE ND PUSHBACK
12-17% approval. That's an awfully deep hole.
Make it better
It shouldn't be called a health care bill.It's more like Wealthcare.Women, seniors, veterans, disabled, &poor will fall by the wayside for $
Imagine going into 4th of July week with the feeling we will be losing our healthcare. While they will be celebrating more $ in their pocket
I will lose my SSDI Social Security Disability under this bill. Why? What did I or other Americans do except get sick?
It doesn't meet criteria of DJT NO SURPRISE!
BY OFFERING GOODIES!!? OUTRAGEOUS!
Republican prostitutes offering large bribes from Conservative donors like Koch and Mercer to rip off $800 billion dollars because ?
Billionaire Conservatives want to have a poor lower class that they can feel superior to. All of that money doesn't make them feel special.
Or fill pockets not previously filled.
Back to the 'secrecy' - closed door meetings.  Trying to rush this thru b4 Fri; something that will impact millions.
Keep up the good work!!! 
They have had about 10 years to work on this health care plan and this is what they come up with. Why do we pay these people?
I will Senator.  I will.
Give up the love  for all of our Senate Dems fighting to save our Health Care. Call Republican Senators. 202-224-3121 #Resist #Persist 
And what's with this "slush fund" that is millions of dollars to buy votes instead of spending on healthcare for Americans?
Let me say it for you Ms. Harris... To be educated men their educated fools who don't care about the people they serve.
@ICook5336 STOP THEM. IMPEACH. INCARCERATE ALL I MENTIONED.  READ.
Bribe, threats, bully.  @SenJohnMcCain is already a sellout. He doesn't care about his constituents.
Just what IS so good about Obama Care? Do you even know?
Keep going strong
No, they're making deals and payoffs

It is a tax cut bill for the wealthy. The decimation of healthcare is included as the method to pay for it.
They are using the next few days to offer bribes to those on the fence.
like ocare, it's unconstitutional. None of what's in it matters(or ocare) just because of that 1 fact.
End the Obamacare nightmare!!
HC consultant with over 20 yrs experience, this bill is a death bill for more that just 20 million, shocked they are pulling this. #fight
What is their true motive?
Calling doesn't work they vote for what they want REGARDLESS of how many calls they get. Stop selling false hope
Even I got in on this, and I'm in France! We gotta knock 'em dead.
I think they'll make it better. Certainly better than Obamacare. What about the millions who lost their doctor/coverage? Premiums UP, ded up
Why criticise it if you haven't even read it? BTW you are obnoxious.
I call everyday
And they are basically blackmailing people into voting for it.
Come on  fight back.   Keep fight back!!!!!!
Maybe they can buy enough people to get up to 18%??
why can't the dem stand up for us...They seem to be a bunch of wet noodles...WE need fighters that give no quarter
Every day!
Why can't the American people VOTE for the  Healthcare Bill?
You're my senator. (I am very fortunate.) I know you will keep fighting.
We will but please keep fighting.
I would say they're crazy, but I think they're just evil enough to try to pull this off.
Keep kicking ass Senator Harris!!!
Pence will be the tie breaker. He will OWN it.
#Bipartisan
Pres Harris
Post The number again please. Here in CT we have great Senators. Been calling them to thank them. Main number would be good to have. Thanks
Thank you. We are calling, even in ALABAMA.
Yeah, they're dreading going home to the ass chewing they're gonna get from their constituents.
#MAGA =dismantling our democratic foundation.
#DeepState = installing a one party rule.
Orwell would have been amused that = Nostradamus.
Amusing. There is no deep state. That's a creation of the fake news loving Right.
You're absolutely right.  It's a figmentary root cause to allow the right to attempt to install one state party.  Will democracy survive?
50 Senate republicans must know their vote yes on Trump's healthcare bill to "give him a victory" will be their legacy FOREVER!
Yes ma'am. Calling again now. I call every day.
Will you be helping these folks that are ACTUALLY dying because of your bill #Obamacare?
FLORIDA PEOPLE REALLY DYING ACA

State's attorney blames #Obamacare through tax payer benefits unlimited funds for scams. #OpiodCrisis 
Unfortunately I've heard Rubio's comments the past few days and he's pretty much a solid yes.
Lol. Only one party is the Death Party. The GOP merely wants a win, not health care access for constituents.
Build support, you mean I'll do this if you vote yes on this "SUPPORT".
You could sell knives on HSN after your Senator gig. 

BE DIALING!
This is a once in a lifetime deal!
BE DIALING!
McConnell and Ryan are up to their usual no good...likely soliciting Kremlin for dirt on those holdout GOP senators.
Going to pass the same way Obamacare did you liar!
Please do. Guaranteed Trump win.
