doesn't matter who Judge Gorsuch will serve, shouldn't be a seat available for him. Rejected unless it's Garland.
Do we really need to ask this question?  If nominated by Trump I think we already know the answer.
He's not Merrick Garland so every Democrat MUST VOTE NO!
hate to say it but just like sessions I believe he will lie through his teeth! Compare future Behavior to his past rulings!
it's Garrick seat. You don't need to ask a question you know who it belongs too
Wrong. The question is no one but Garland belongs on the bench. Anyone else is stolen. Unconstitutional.
Comey revelation changes everything, Senate should postpone Gorsuch Supreme Court nomination hearing. #California
he's conservative Christian. He will serve God.
FI  LI  BUS  TER     
This was Obama's stolen appointment. Reps did nothing. It's payback time. Stretch this out as long as you can and then...NO
PLEASE filibuster Gorsuch. Check carefully his record on basic rights Dems believe in--it is frightening!
#MerrickGarlandHearing #FirstThingsFirst #BuckStopsHere #StandOurGround #YouShallNotPass!!!!
@leesgreenberg 
Is it ok to assume that we know the answer.
sorry no cuts! Get in line Gorusch and get a backbone @TheDemocrats
You have demonstrated much to your constituents in the 1st 60 days,very disappointed in your comments about Judge Gorsuch?
it doesn't matter. It's not his seat.
Per GOP, we should not seat a SCOTUS justice in the last year of a president's term. So: we need to wait out investigations, etc. first.
I can answer your question now. He will serve ONLY special interests and coward congressional Democrats can not stop him.
as a constituent, I support confirming Gorsuch. Constitutionalist supportung Americans by the laws as they are written.
block #gorsuch ... he stands against everything the US is built on.  Don't lose your focus now!  from LA
It doesn't matter. The seat was stolen.
He must be blocked. Per the GOP, no noms in last year of presidency. Pres illegitimate. Ditto Gorsuch. Cannot be trusted.
NO BECAUSE there's a possibility the Russians moved the election to Republicans -- a Democrat should be picking a Justice!
#confirmgorsuch  He stands for ALL Americans, including those living in the womb.
Emergency Remedy & Judicial Review Needed, My Life's being threatened by the LAPD, LA Superior Courts & D.A. Case#BA453888
no votes on a candidate nominated by a man under FBI investigation
please do whatever you can to stop this from coming to a vote until the investigation is complete!
what about  uphold the Constitution and applying the rule of law? Is that not important?
doesn't matter.  Should not confirm nominee by POTUS under criminal investigation for treason!
Do not allow the hearings to proceed until the investigation into #45's collusion with Russia has completed.
since he was selected by 'Thumper', I would have  major problems with him
I don't trust him!
Perfect question. He will serve all Americans, not just liberals like too many judges and legislators.
I am not convinced he will. Stay strong with a "No!"
The only question you need to ask: Is your name Merrick Garland?
ACLU report on Gorsuch shows a documented history of serving special interest groups. #MerrickGarland
please vote against him and protect our public lands and our immigrants.
@JoshDorner Wrong question. Question is: Why do we allow #TheStolenJustice?
Block. Block. Block. That's what your constituents want.
I'll give you one guess...
The question we need to ask is Merrick Garland. We've done without a  full SCOTUS for a year we can go a few more.
we need to clean house and freeze Trumps movement until we are done cleaning house....maybe..?Just an idea..
He'll claim he didn't understand the question- be exact & precise leaving no room- well you know!!
Unless he's Merrick Garland, it should be a No no matter the answers to your questions.
My personal worry is individuals with special needs. My GD has benefited greatly from programs to help with her autism.
I ask the same if you!
additionally, should ANY GOP B indicted w/Trump, then we should request new nominations 4cabinet and remove the Trumpettes
lest harm come to anyone in this country as a result of his decisions..
we know he has broken his oath already enough to put any of his decisions on hold until investigation is completed
the investigation into Russia starts tomorrow, nominations should B put on hold especially 4anyone Trump suggested 4SCOTUS
Ah, that would be a 'no', Senator.
I dare you to vote him in. Its not his fault @POTUS44 nom didn't get hearing. You owe to All your constituents not some!
you don't even need too ask to already know the answer. #SpecialInterests. Don't accept his lip service/lies
A man that doesn't respect the law should not get to give lifetime appt.  Russian ties need to be resolved before Dems cave
please keep calling him Merrick when you talk to him. It'll be grand.
ask
Question:  Does he believe corporations are 'people'?
We should refuse to consider 
until independent investigation of Trump/Russia collusion is complete
On one single issue alone he stands out as a disastrous pick https://www.prochoiceamerica.org/2017/01/31/naral-statement-nomination-neil-gorsuch-us-supreme-court/ …
He needs to be asked about the travel ban and women's rights
.@SenKamalaHarris No, the question is: Will you commit to a filibuster? Will you use every tool to oppose him, as the GOP did to Garland?
The ? Is..Will he follow the law or piece break up precedent as Roberts has done and doing? How does he feel re: citizens u
I would truly like him not getting the job.
this act is old the characters/sides change but it's the same BS from the party out of power. Confirm the man
@IndivisibleSF that's too general, Senator. Can you please learn the issues and think and speak more impactfully?
filibuster him
he's done a fine job on the 10th district voted in without a issue. So what's the concern now? That he's selected by Trump?
the problem might be, that he may think he doesn't serve a special interest, when we all know he likely does.
I'm a 92648 constituent. Filibuster!! He is a danger to women and human rights!
Shouldn't be his hearing.
Is his loyalty to the U.S. Constitution or to Trumplethinskin?
ABA gave Gorsuch its highest rating. Unanimously confirmed for fed seat. Dems are done if they oppose. HYPOCRITES.
actually the real question is when are the hearings for merick garland going to happen???? #merickgarland #STOLEN
@fredric_wertham NO the question is why are you here? This hearing is supposed to be for Merrick Garland! #stolenseat
Please vote NO #MerrickGarland
the question to ask, if he is elected, how long will it take house repubs to turn on #trump ?
It's not his seat & never will be. It will be a stain on his reputation. He stole his place in history.
You're my Senator. Vote NO on any Trump nominee.
You know that he won't. Filibuster Gorsuch, fight for the American people.
Asking would be rhetorical; he wouldnt have been nominated if he wasn't going to vote a conservative agenda.
we do fine with 8 justices
NO there should not be 2 sets of rules, 1 for Democratic Prez & 1 for GOP Prez. Do NOT reward republicans 4 abuses of power
It still isn't his seat.
We already know the answer.
#BlockGorsuch
Do not pass #GorsuchNomination until #MerrickGarland has a hearing. This is a #STOLENSCOTUS seat! #Resist
I'm your constituent and will be watching how you handle this. The only response is to block this stolen nomination.
DON'T CARE! BLOCK HIM!
I thought Republicans said there were to be no SCOTUS hearings in the last months of a presidency?
..ans is very clear.. billionaire and gang, 
no Garland, no vote.
oh he will rule for special interests all right. He is GOP result of severe meddling of norms and FINE w it.
....and: is there a way #MerrickGarland can get a hearing first?
Abetter question- why is he getting a hearing when Garland did not?
@glangendorf01 Filibuster. Don't forget what they did to Merrick Garland. Filibuster.
Obviously just special interests. In AL we have been barraged by tv commercials for him. Ridiculous!
@wajiii The real question is why are we having this hearing with anyone but Merrick Garland
the question I have will you be part of a filibuster?
He will be an ongoing influence of this administration into the future.  We cannot allow it.  Vote no & tell others Vote No
NO and FILIBUSTER!
Remember who picked him and there's your answer!
he shouldn't get a hearing before Merick Garland, end of discussion!
no. Absolutely not.
Nominated by a lame duck "so called" president without the majority of Americans. "NO", he should not serve.
bigger question: why are dems giving up the fight for more-qualified merrick?
Vital to address the Bush torture emails. #Gorsuch very conciliatory to executive power. #hobbylobby enables discrimination
No, the question is are we just going to give hime a stolen seat.
The question we all need to ask is why is he even getting a hearing? @GOP stonewalled that seat and so should dems. #Enough
Hea nightmare that shouldn't be let in charge of anything.
special interests!
no need for questions,  vote no until he turns into Garland.
That's rhetorical, right?
That you feel you have to ask that question indicates doubt that Gorsuch will serve all Americans & not special interests.
NO lifetime appointments, nomatter WHO it is until #russiagate and other questions are fully sorted out. #Revote2017
please stand firm on rejecting him as the GOP did Merrick Garland
The answer is no..but you should be telling us that. No to #facismforever. No to #HobbyLobby. No to #Gorsuch nom by illegitimate Trump.
special interest. Duh.
.@SenKamalaHarris He will continue to do what he has always done. He will serve special interests. Believe his record.
So a fool doing On-the-job-training gets to fill this seat but a GREAT 7yrPres was told 2 suck it?How does that make sense?
Ask: Did McConnell & Senate GOP violate Constitution, refusing vote on President's nominee? If so, Gorsuch must withdraw.
Please #RejectGorsuch. He's awful, and also it's a #StolenSeat!
No questions needed. Stolen seat. Not Trump's to fill.  Not McConnell's. #resist #filibuster
ultimately, it doesn't  matter. He is not Merrick Garland. Period.
Don't you already know the answer? The question I ask is what is congress going to do to return the govt to its owners?
The only candidate for the Supreme Court you should be interviewing is Merrick Garland.
Block this nomination either way! #PauseThisPresidency
Follow up: Why should an outgoing president fill a Supreme Court vacancy?
Technically they're all outgoing as soon as they're sworn in, so that's an incredibly lame rationale.
The question to be asked is "Who are you and where is Merrick Garland?"
Technically 2 questions!
Every time his is the deciding vote,  know that the decision is the result of Republican silent coup.
Why is there at hearing? The Reoublicans never had a hearing in Obama's nominee?
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP 
Work together like adults to #MAGA 
Stop whining!
Be creative prob solvers!
#DraintheSwamp
#Pray4DJT
@wingsimplied we already know he thinks "natural law" has meaning in the American legal system, which should disqualify him
please don't confirm him, he's bad for USA. Also trump regime is falling apart, not an appropriate time. Russiagate impt.
scotus is functioning with 8. Potus should not appoint while under cloud of Russia scandal and possible impeachment
there is no Russia scandal
Is this a rhetorical question?
Another question: Is he Merrick Garland? If answer to this non-rhetorical question is "No" then no Dem should vote for him.
I think we already know whose interests he'll be serving. Questions is, how do we deny him that ability
the answer should be clear. Special interests. Listen to Nancy Reagan and #JustSayNo
Special Interests only
