We gave laws in this country. You can't just come in and get handouts while our tax dollars pays for it.
So you're saying its ok to sneak in our country for free handouts?? I dont think so.
you have to prove citizenship to get any government assistance.
Not in my state. They give illegals licenses
A license is not a free hand out nor does it proves citizenship
No it's just easier for them to use for fraud.

I like it. Every computer should have one
They do have one they says delete. Apply that to your account.

Keep removing them. Maybe you should go with them.
You're only worried about your illegal voters.

Expedited deportation is a good thing for those here illegally.  We are a nation of laws.  Slow deportation cost taxpayers more money.
There is no money for his wall. His budget is a failure.  Besides, he won't be in office long enough to get it started.
We'll see
@DavidNakamura We need to speed up the deportation process and make it as efficient as possible! #CleanCities
What illegal immigrants did is reprehensible and cannot be ignored.  They broke our laws and you think that is okay?  You are reprehensible!
I, WE do not have rights in OTHER countries, why do you socialist fools expect us to pay for the world because they broke & entered. Shame
You represent none of my views. It is only the rigged election system in CA that let you win. #MakeCaliforniaGreatAgain
Trump's doing a great job on ILLEGAL immigration. Down 70% since taking office. Keep illegals out of our country.
It's criminal!
I know you can't say it but we have a DICK as our "leader" and it's disgusting and embarrassing for all Americans
It is reprehensible for Dems to protect illegals at the expense of citizens.  Stop the sanctuary city/state nonsense.
It's about time we upheld our immigration laws - expediting increases efficiency - apparently these things you're against, senator. #MAGA
This is wonderful, legal, and long overdue. God Bless President Trump.
Just blows our minds that YOU Dems back BREAKING THE LAWS over Illegals!  And you were AG? What a joke! Hypocrite!
It is reprehensible that Kate Steinle's family was broken up on a pier in SF & you want to continue allowing ILLEGALS to roam the streets.
No "Senator", this is reprehensible
They're criminals. Get them out!
Enforce our laws period!
Neither can this.

No it isn't and yes it can.  Indeed, it should.
ONLY CLEAR AND PRESENT DANGER TO DEMOCRACY 
RULE OF LAW IS TRUMP/CERTAIN WH STAFF/FAMILY!
NOT AN IMMIGRANT AMONG THEM!
DEPORT IMMEDIATELY!!!
Oh my gosh you actually use Washington Post as reference Jeff Bezos & John Podesta-Shame on you for working on this-It is anti-American

Good go for it !!!
If you're not a Native American Indian you are an immigrant........
What happened to give me your huddled masses????
As a Canadian I feel sorry for my American friends under trump. I wish more Americans would be like this senator
Kamal and her fantasy love for the criminal element.
How much longer can we be expected to suffer this garbage?
Which state featured hot-looking but hairy sisters, to suppress all material facts, by unfair, criminal CHURNING of controversy and fraud?
Which state let MS use it as a staging ground, to link up with Chinese, Filipinos, Sikhs, ALL KINDS of folks, past blind 1300 I St., SACTO?
Which state has no agent, to take any material report, for submission as material fact, at your riot of criminal misconduct, so I.S. is here
Which state let racketeering roll hard, without noting criminal demographics OR taking reports, during the Brown-clown's mafia circus, '70+?
I cannot stress, enough, how when you let @BarackObama embody musical BYE-BYE BIRDIE, all we get is tweets, at @realDonaldTrump birdland.
Reprehensible acts require continuous condemnation and action to revoke them
Another disgusting Trump move!   What is happening to the essence of this country?   Unreal!
GOP will ignore any & everything
The only thing reprehensible is the number of illegal aliens in this country because the laws were ignored
Fourth Reich
In the meantime #45 and his family cartel break laws and sneak in Russians that would harm this country...smh
Can't we just deport the GOP?
RIGHT! What about: “Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, the wretched refuse of your teeming shore.”
If potus can allow this then we may as well take down Lady Liberty. She won't be needed anymore.  Heart breaking.
Deporting those Detroit Iraqi minority Christians who voted for Orange Face is irresponsible!
The voter fraud is a scam by trump the hate towards immigrants that they get free handouts is a scam by Trump. fascist playbook
Throughout human evolution, yes I said EVOLUTION, humans have migrated for water, food, & shelter. It's human nature to want a better life!
Not to worry. Trump is despicable and will never outlive his detractors.
Anti-American
Stay strong Senator Harris!  You make us proud.  Keep on!
Go!
My God did he go thru the military and get the scums with the worst reports to be in his admin. Such a disgrace to the uniform!
I wish someone could explain in what twisted way this makes us a "better country"??
Why do you support Sarsour? Are you like her. Right? Defending the sell of body parts, killing the innocent and mutilating girls. Right?
So much of what they do is reprehensible. None can be ignored.
Reprehensible that they are following the law of the land? Shame on you!
Thank you senator 
Fight this, Sen. Harris.  Thanks for your efforts.
The only people that need deported is his entire Criminal Administration!! Confusion, Division, and Hate! Disgrace!!!
Keep a straight and unflinching face once you say.......

Hell to The No !!!
What is the number of border hoppers and my job stealers you would be happy with. My parents are foreign n co workers n they hate USA
Who didn't see this coming?
Shut up, it's just fine.

ANOTHER DISTRACTION! STAY FOCUSED! RUSSIA! RUSSIA! #RESIST!
No Harris what is reprehensible is your agenda of lawlessness and only following laws that suit your agenda to get elected
Which means it's a good thing and we should get it done!
So this is how Liberty dies...to the sound of expanded federal powers.
How terrible, they mean to uphold the LAWS of our great country, what scumbags. #sarcasm
Trump needs to have all his assets seized and be deported to Russia for this fascist bs.
What can we do?
Just the BAD HOMBRES
& any brown person without ID
Americans have rights
Without a hearing there is no way to guarantee rights
No it's not. This is why the Dems are losing. So frustrating. 
Meh, not really a big revelation when you consider the bullshit ICE is already doing.
It's reprehensible to deport people that are in the Country illegally?  Let's take care of the poor people in our Country first.
@ManuelSillas54 @RuthShepersky1 @maureenoco @MaureenSeus this went too far already. Let's start with the impeachment due process. Senator
Not if following the law. Your pandering continues.
I wish more people cared 
Congress can pass legislation to stop this @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan
This is an unnecessary escalation. We do not have the necessary people to work the jobs that no one else will do. We need immigration laws.
https://www.google.com/amp/amp.dailycaller.com/2017/07/12/exclusive-ice-director-says-there-could-be-more-than-12-million-illegals-in-us/ … Guess with all these you still need more fraudulent voters
Let me know when we've got the votes to stop them.
No disrespect, Sen Harris, waiting for the fight next year, is all.
This is Pres. Trumps Admin.,  there must be hope in the midst of despair, Sen. Kamala Harris. 9th INNING  @Pirates 2 vs @Cardinals Tied
PIRATES WIN, 3-2 CARDINALS,  NOW watching   @MLB Game @Indians Cleveland vs @Athletics Oakland on @FOXSPORTS
@MLB Game Final @Indians 0 vs @Athletics 5; Goodnight PRAYERS ,TOGETHER, TRUTH (Family)
You are going to go down as communist of the year. Yes, that award is as fake as your photo ops you take with children.
At the same time, WH states it's considering letting DACA end in September
Thank you for the amazing job you're doing under the worst circumstances, Senator Harris. You are appreciated!
what is America becoming..
Does every male & female member of the sick Trump Admin look like a satanic ghoul, bleached & corpselike?
Yea shit-head, we're not going to ignore it !!!! You got that buddy ?? No more ignoring your debaucheries... Nobody is ignoring ! Lol !!! 
is this the beginning of fascism or a bad dream? This is the work of Bannon, trump is 2 stupid and too busy making it about himself to think
Legal immigration is not immoral. We are a nation of laws.
Trump deports the people who contribute to our society...yet welcomes the Russian agents who are here to do harm & undermine our democracy.
What is reprehensible is that we have representatives such as yourself who endorse breaking the laws of the nation.

Everything he does is reprehensible. How can one man be so hateful and destructive? It seems he can't be stopped.
So we should just have absolutely no borders  or laws, correct? How the hell did you get voted in to office?
@ACLU this can happen???
Yes it can happen.
Sickening
ex-General should NEVER HAVE BEEN CONFIRMED AS DHS secretary! His military history was questionable enough & DOMESTIC affairs r not military
THIS is Y he was elected by. We have existing laws 4 D longest time but not enforced. If U want 2 change it, propose a bill & vote on it.
#PutinBot
CheckmateThat's a NOTHING BURGER reply on behalf of D Senator. Would U like 2 join us 4 a ride 2 continue 2 MAGAhttp://bit.ly/DTnPutn 
GOP plan: do as much damage as fast as possible, cause we are all going down!     Go get em @SenKamalaHarris!!!!!
@SenKamalaHarris @KamalaHarris what part dont. You understand our President is enforcing tje.laws Congress and senate made
What part of fair trial do you not understand?
Yes it's reprehensible that Trump wants to deport 12 million people, but strangely no one cared when Obama deported 2-3 million. 
Maybe you should go back to your office and re-read the oath you swore and the constitution if you find this reprehensible.
So this administration just wants white men to decide who should be here, gets insurance, prison time, abortion rights, civil rights, ect...
Did u say the same when a black man was President. He did the same things as  @POTUS
This is a must watch. U tell me 1 single fact @stranahan provides that u can dispute.
Sigh. I hate these hideous people. Their greed, corruption & bigotry is unequaled.
What the hell's wrong with USA?  What kind of a crap country is that dump??
You're from Mexico. Give me a break.
"Reprehensible? Good grief Kamala. Reprehensible is the constant war you are waging against OUR president
You presume that this was a free and fair election! So by extension, you're good with poll taxes, collusion, fraud and Treason!
Yep I guess bc if YOU can believe innuendo as facts you can believe I'm a "bad" person for stating my opinion
This is the only kind of thing he can pass.
What s their fucken obsession for ?
Disgusting. It's hard to keep up when they are awful on so many levels, but you are doing a great job defending the country!
They're break the law.  Deport now
Hey there #russianbot
Good .  .
