Liberals are so dim-witted and unbelievably idiotic. It’s painful and fun to watch them shoot themselves in the foot daily.
Lying? Liberals are the liars. Sorry you’re too brainwashed by the liberal media to realize that. So dim-witted.
And give me an example of what makes him “heartless”.
Sending $1,000,000 of HIS OWN money to Puerto Rico was pretty heartless too huh?
Dems could move to hold Sessions in contempt for not answering questions, but they don't.  Why not?
Old boys club rules
Oh. Right. The Law is only the Law when broken by anyone other than a white male. Gotcha.
the old boy club rules that allows them to grab pu**y without fear of punishment
“And when you’re a (former) senator, they let you do it.”
I'm gonna look up the number for the Justice Department's "Legislative Affairs" office as Session's claimed was the office 2. Call with me!
Call and demand that Sessions responds to questions from Congress: 

202-514-2141

The AG must answer, explicitly invoke executive privilege, or be held in contempt. His refusal to answer questions about non-classified matters is unacceptable. 

https://www.justice.gov/ola/contact-office …
Like Eric Holder and Loretta Lynch did?
He was just doing what ur standard bearer hilliary did wjen questioned during her hearings "I plead the 5th" or the old reliable" I do not recall". Why didn't you question her about her the same thing? 
*when * doing
“When someone shows you who they are, believe them the first time.” - Maya Angelou #WednesdayWisdom
@bigfiga Sen. Harris,I'm so OVER lil #ConfederateJr  Cdlnt get appointed in the 80s. no business in that position NOW! 
Look who appointed him. Both with personal ties to white supremacy.
Real ties to white supremacy. 
Russian propaganda
 she admitted to admiring him along with Margaret Sanger founder of planned parenthood who said negros are human weeds that must be exterminated. Why are majority of pp "clinics"  in minority neighborhoods, huh "super predator"? another hillary disc for black ppl
We are aware of this. We also aware trump parents were active members and his show more blatantly in his character.
As an attorney who practices constitutional law  I can confirm that there is no privilege that applies to communications between AG and Pres
How can he claim executive privilege when the prez hadn't exerted it, I don't understand
This White Hiuse does what it wants when it, all the time flipping the bird at the Constitution
How about Fusion GPs?
Easy, hillarys used that policy over and over
But then again I had no idea it was legal 4all Presidents to hand pick W.H.Admin.   N.E.1!Taco Bell has a more rigererous hiring system

The only thing I could think of is pleading the 5th? BUT that's criminal I'm sure there isnt?

YOU intimidate him. You have him Scared!
I will NEVERRR Forget That. 
You big scary, beautiful, and fearfully made sista, you!


This is a lie.

It's still a lie, even when you tweet it twice.

Senator charge him with perjury and have him removed from office. He's undermining the constitution and our republic. Sedition.
@SenKamalaHarris 
 “When someone shows you who they are, believe them the first time.” - Maya Angelou #WednesdayWisdom
Why? As a former state AG, don't YOU know?

Surely wish you were on the Judiciary committee! He would be sweating.
He doesn't answer long drawn out nonsensical nagging questions. You seem to have a problem asking clear unambiguous Q's - it might b you
No he can’t
Following previous AG Eric Holder! Can previous AG do the same? GOP-DEM Ya'll all the same. Time for a third party to take powrr..the people
And he sat there with that little ##it eating grin like it was a game.
Sadly, it seems to be spelled T...R...U...M...P. Soooooo exhausting watching the "deflection" game.
He needs to be cited and forced to answer questions.
Kamala, do you really have to be everywhere all the time - exhausting and irritating.
I am an Alabama resident . Not only this, but Roy Moore too! Dear God!
Kamala! Policy? Policy does not supersede the law. Please ignore policy and enforce applicable law  in that infuriatingly toothless forum.
He doesn’t care about the rule of law. Which is ironic in light of his job.
@SenKamalaHarris for president 2020
No he can’t.  So what can you do about it?  We’ve seen him lie, evade, lie and nothing ever comes of it.

FOX NEWS ALERT: Investigation into Obama-era Russian uranium deal heats up | @GriffJenkins 
Senator that’s twice he’s sat in front of congress and lied! And smiled about it! When will they get self respect back and do something?
Yes, I would like to know how he can do that!
I am certain he cannot.
Nope
Can you, Kamala, explain to me how it is that multiple Demtards plead the 5th, ignore subpoenas, destroy evidence under subpoena, Etc?
Yes answer is GOP!!!!!!!!!!!
Give it to him!
Ha! I saw that poll you have 1% favorability for the 2020 Presidential Election! Your a Joke that’s not funny!
Its called lack of subpoena
You should ask him. You know he gets "the vapors" when a woman asks him anything. He might faint.
He can’t. You make him nervous.  
I'm sure if nothing else, he does know what may be incriminating!
Did he find one or any?

Why are y'all allowing it? He has proven he will do what he can get away with! Hold him accountable!!!
The Keebler needs reminding he's not 45's personal attorney. He needs to answer, be removed from position & jailed
This smug elf is infuriating.
Of course not They are effecie stonewalling . Some are holding out for promised pardons
Jeff Sessions should resign. He is a proven liar and a great threat to the safety and freedoms of this country.
Personally I've lost every bit of trust I have had in the DOJ to properly enforce voting and civil rights. Sessions is a racist and a liar !
I agree completely and am very disappointed in the Dem's for not being more aggressive in protecting the Constitution, this country, and the freedoms of the people. They say a lot about negative things happening, but don't seem to be involved in correcting the wrongs.
Totally agree. The Dems need to get started and get tough. No sitting back and complaining, it's time to develop viable candidates
Seems he can't. He is knee deep in the swamp
Why did nobody ask him THAT QUESTION?
He lied under oath. He should b disbarred and put under observation for dementia.
These people think they are above the law. It doesn't apply to them. It's why we are in such serious trouble.
Sessions is part of the new dictatorial operation of the US..He never should have been clear to become the AG..degrading this position!
He will ma'am... as soon as his minions finish writing it and he puts it into the DoJ record... Then he'll point it out to you fine folks.
As a distinguished former senator. I'm sure Mr Sessions knows what he can do and can't do.  You'd be wise to learn from such a man.
IT'S JUST RIDICULOUS
i dont see where there are any negative repercussions for sessions to not respond. seems like business as usual for this WH.
When will the clown show stop? Horrible example of the worst of American society- lies hate cheating bigotry racism, division, blame and self pity. Good to see it raw but now the show is over. Bring goodness, compassion strength acceptance pride in others, development & unity now
Nope
It’s simple now course not.
Time to push it thru the courts and use 'contempt'!...enough of  extra chances because of a title. 'NO ONE IS ABOVE THE LAW!..DISHEARTENED!
No he can't!
He’s gets away with it.  It’s working for him
No, but can you charge him with contempt of Congress?
Sessions is a Southern Fried Fascist.
No, ALEC hasn’t put it into writing yet.
Why aren’t democrats taking Sessions to court for contempt of Congress and dereliction of Duty which is aiding & abetting Russian cyberwar
Where was the judge who says: “Answer the question Mr. Sessions or I’ll charge you with contempt.”?
Executive Privilege is for the use of the POTUS but it's limited. SCOTUS voted 8-0 w/1 abstention that Nixon had to turn over the tapes.
He doesnt give a shit and knows no one is gonna do shit about it.
So why are there no consequences for his refusal?
Its called #trumpsfacts , just like his ties and terrible products! #brandedbullshit 
 @CNN @Rosie @realDonaldTrump
Can’t you get tough with these guys.
So what? Is Congress gonna do anything about it? If you think he's lying under oath, you either do something or have the way for more.
C'mon..really? These hearing are nothing more than public spectacle to make it APPEAR that committees/members are actually doing something
the policy is whatever makes mad king trump happy.
No, but it doesn't matter. He's already perjured himself and nothing came of that. He has an open invitation to continue to do so.
Hebl Ioked and acted like a guilty person. He was clearly upset by most of the hard questions.
He cannot confirm nor deny...anything.
Chances are no.  But as a house elf, be careful of anything he shows or says.  They’re notorious a lying bunch.
how many current cabinet members did you prosecute for foreclosure fraud when you had a chance to do so when you were CA AG?
Well make him show you. Make him show you!
how many murderous cops did you prosecute when you had the opportunity to do so as Attorney General of California?
No! So why is he continually allowed to get away with it?
The Senate took on Trump to save his job, they won't call him on BS interpretation of executive privilege #Republicanssticktogether
Serious Q, Senator: why is no one calling him on this “confidential” nonsense?
Wow ! Get  them to listen to sanity.
Senator,he has lied under Oath at least 3 times before the Committee. Why isn’t he being charged?A regular citizen would be jailed. #Outrage
But it's too late now. 

What damage will he do before his next hearing? He practically promised to imprison free press journalism.
So why are there NO CONSEQUENCES? This administration continues to do things that "are not allowed" and NOTHING happens!
Teeth

From NYT
"In 1821, the Supreme Court upheld Congress’s right to hold people in contempt and imprison them."
Congress: You must answer question:
Citizen: No
Congress: Go to jail.

Congress: You must answer question:
Jeff Sessions: No
Congress: OK
Why doesn't congressional oversight have teeth? 

Congress: rules say you must...
Sessions: no
Congress: OK.
He is deplorable AND despicable
Who cares...he needs to fired immediately..if you can’t walk the walk..you not fit to judge or be head of it.. he weak and needs to go
Nope.
Can’t he be charged with contempt or something else?Republicans get away with everything, including stealing elections and a SCOTUS seat.
Why isn't he held in contempt until he answers?
Hold him in contempt and charge him

Wish u b mm could've asked that, I did not see the hearing, were u on the commmitte? I just saw clips of it. Am was great as usual.
Is there anything positive to come out of your mouth?
He thinks he’s above the law. Sitting there with that damn smirk on his face, he takes y’all 4 a joke! Licking out his tongue pulling on 
If only the senators had some mechanism (like contempt) to use when someone refuses without basis to give testimony. Oh wait...
At what point do we get to take these people to court for not answering questions?
sadly we are dealing with the MOST corrupt administration in years!
Then put him in front of a committee and file perjury charges. It’s obvious he is lying.
We put up with a lying Attorney General that doesn’t follow the law. A habitually lying President who is racist, narcissistic, inept, & unfi
Why aren't these proceedings/hearings being made public. The people have a right to see & hear the people sworn to protect America & us.
K - he lied to you in his confirmation hearings and got away with it; his contempt for you is boundless.
When does he get jail time for contempt? He has already committed it several times!
He could point to the policy, but he and the President discussed that policy, so he can’t.
Would it be because he comes to see you voluntarily instead of being subpoenaed? W/o  a subpoena, can you be held in contempt of Congress?
Obstruction!!!!
Senator! @SenKamalaHarris  chop that cookie tree down! U knew months ago that elf was lying.
He is in contempt.  Why are you all not taking action against him?
I can, it is " if you gone let me punk you, i will punk you"
No. Obstruction of Justice sounds about right. Clearly contempt of Senate.
Sessions should be held in contempt of congress.  Trump cannot claim executive privilege.  Who's gonna step up and force Sessions to talk?
Really? Eric Holder is still in contempt of Congress.
My bet is on No
Remember "I cannot recall" by Hillary? Where were you then?
Its in the IOKIYAR policy
Just as you had to give Senators a chance to respond so does Franken. You two have that in common. Ask a question & ALLOW person to respond.
All if you accuse Sessions of lying to Congress - what PROOF do have? At least like this ?: https://apnews.com/6ee62bc1899d45b1980f09fe750a7105/ap-fact-check-clinton-email-claims-collapse-under-fbi-probe …. Where were you then?
And this is the AG of the United States?
Unbelievable considering he is the ATTORNEY GENERAL
You know, the head of the Department of Justice and the top law official in the country?
He’s a criminal.
Nope.. but he already knows that.! Pssst he's on the ropes! Keep pushing!
Nope
No he can't but it doesn't seem to matter to republicans like grassely
Unless you Senators actually sanction him, the above statement is meaningless. If he breaks the law without consequence, then it’s theater
Senators must demand a charge of contempt and perjury. Any citizen would be. If you don’t, that CAN & will be used in court by others.
Pretty sure it’s the same policy Comey followed when he was still at FBI. Did it bother you when HE “could neither confirm or deny”?
No and he won't,because there's no obligation to do so. Knowing from previous questioning of AG Sessions they should've been better prepared
He can and it's a classic: 'he who pays the piper picks the tune' -- both houses of Congress and the White House, through 2018 at least.
Nope
No he csnnot point to anything that kmmunes him from answering questions, there is no alliances supposedly between the AG and the president
No he can't because it doesn't exist.
He is an evasive little weasel isn't he. Blinks a lot, keeps saying how offended he is that his own answers are being read back to him. 
It sure seems like he plays by a double standard. I know if was me they'd make me answer, what makes him so special? Doesn't seem fair!
no, he can't.  he's breaking the law.  arrest him.
Careful, Senator. You'll make the poor dishonest racist misogynistic homophobic man nervous.
Seems simple enough if you are an honest, law abiding citizen; oh wait...
Okay, but what's anyone going to do about it besides tweet?
It's simple - can Sessions point to the policy, in writing, that allows him to not answer questions from Senators today?
No.  I saw it not happening when you grilled him.
No
Not the first Cabinet member from this WH to refuse to answer questions before the Senate. Should have been hit with contempt the 1st time.
He's soooooo sneaky - those eyes!
Why is he not held in contempt?
Bingo. Just another disgusting attempt to display strength for his bosses approval that in reality backfired & reaffirmed a weak spine.
Can Hillary?
Lock him up!
Almost seemed like he doesn't know what his job is...
Because of this administration's behavior, all incoming POTUS and staff should take the Hippocratic Oath - to do no harm to the citizens.
Why do you allow him to lie. You caught him in perjury, and do nothing.
Keebler Elf creed. You don't have to say anything unless they offer you a cookie.
Ur asking us? How many testimonies has that been used over the past 8 mo. & not one Senator has looked into it? You're not trying too hard.
It's the unwritten Trump rule
I’d love to see you questioning this arrogant, stupid liddle’ elf. I hope to see remorse on his face SOON! He’s caused too much pain 4 years
He is the AG! He should know that he had no excuses.But then, no other president wanted a racist AG in their cabinet.
Never mind a policy.  He can't even point to a law.
Will anyone require that he do so?
He didnt answer one question. Not one! Liar in Chief, lying AG.
Careful. You might make him 'nervous'.
The fact is that he did not, and doesn't plan to, and Republicans have no interest in forcing him to.
He sure seemed rattled, dotty and senile at the hearing today. Of course, he was also an exaggerated version of the Keebler elf when evading
The way 2 of the men treatednthis woman and I think she was the only one on the committee. I WOULD OF SNAPPED! She handled it so gracefully.
Why is he not being held in contempt?
That's nothing!!At last Congressional Hearing they treated the only woman up there appalling ,deplorable .My eyes and ears couldn't believe
The 5th = guilty maybe
Drain the Swamp
@jeffsessions, why won't you answer questions?
Me thinks not!!
Oh Kamala. It's not like he's the AG or anything!
But when I diud, I was not theya. If I recall. I may not. But that’s true. Your time is up.
He will but the ink is still wet.
Right on! When did that crap start? Who told Sessions that was ok? Or anyone that refuses to answer questions?
Sessions and most of the Republicans in Congress are not fit for the Office they hold. They have not compassion. Not only #45.
Same rules as Trump. The Makeitupasyougo law, upheld by nobody. Convenient.
No, please Run for President; we need a strong Person to help us get back on track.
Why didn't they demand proof or demand answers? He sat there like he was something special and he didn't have to answer their questions.
Jeff Sessions Discussed Donald Trump Policies With Russian Ambassador During Campaign, Sessions Finally Admits
No he can't. And from what I've seen in open hearings, this practice is quite common and non-consequential.
You can't evoke executive privilege when the president won't say it.
It’s from the top, super secret “F.U.” Policy-
I think I would say, not no, but perhaps he like Trump only reads things that help him answer in Trump’s favor.
5th Amendment
Next up: Obama and Hillary can answer questions on why they allowed a sale of uranium to the Russians.
@dollyllamaX no
