If Al Gore couldn't do it maybe you can huh?
Couldn't do what ? He educated the country on climate change so when your drowning in flood waters irs a fact  that the sea is rising !
OMG! If it weren't for Al Gore we never would have know about Climate Change.
Your story in your profile  makes me laugh so hard God and Trump ! God may forgive him for what he hath does!

I have a theory....
Stop obstructing now.

There - fixed that for you.
Faulty fake science and again NO TAX PAYER EUROPEAN MONEY GRAB FOR FAILED SOCIALIST POLICIES. THE ONES MAKING THE SCIENCE GET RICH.
Hi Senator Harris,

I have a most obscure plan to combat climate change. I'd love to discuss it with you sometime. I'm a former SF resident
Hoax! Al Gore and “Climate” Warriors Demand $15 Trillion to Save Earth https://www.thenewamerican.com/tech/environment/item/25918-al-gore-and-climate-warriors-demand-15-trillion-to-save-earth …
She will be in prison for pay to play corruption. Trump 8 Years, Pence 8 Years Ivanka 8 years. Get use to it.
Climate change is real. Science matters.
#ClimateChangeIsReal #climatechange #ScienceSunday
George Soros Funded Al Gore’s Global Warming Scam http://yournewswire.com/george-soros-funded-al-gores-global-warming-scam/ … via @yournewswire
We need ethical, vocal, visionary leaders to emerge with visibility NOW in the Democratic Party @CoryBooker @SenGillibrand @ChrisMurphyCT
George Soros Funded Al Gore’s Global Warming Scam http://yournewswire.com/george-soros-funded-al-gores-global-warming-scam/ … via @yournewswire
Thank you! My gravest concern about all we see is the blatant destruction to the Earth, the environment, the animals, & the disenfranchised
What a Hoax...this man should be in Jail!
This has happened throughout the history of the globe. New?Talk pollution, that affects us directly.Influence on typical warming NO evidence
You so crazy.
Because you don't act on crime.
If you like Hillary's agenda which was global warming,Open boarders/ High taxes to take care of immigrants...You will Love SenKamalaHarris
That means adressing the military industrial complex and Nasa
This religion is B.S. taught in school forced by the swamp like abortion. The weather changes its earth.. you're just trying to steal our $
And they keep filling in the bay with more buildings!
There's no actual science to back up this bullshit. You know it as well as I do.
50% of world's coral reef has died due to global warming.  See "Chasing Coral" Netflix.  Tremendous env. and econ. impact.
Yes, let's take action to reduce Climate disruptions! Can ALL Democrats refuse campaign contributions from the fossil fuel industry?
No, u need to act on putting America First. Stop padding the pockets of foreign govt. Oh wait, I forget, u r a corrupt politician.
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP
The primary source of global warming, isn’t the non scientific farce spewed for the rich to get richer it’s the gas bags own hot air #AlGore
According to AlGore & his Hollywood movie an inconvenient truth the #GlobalWarming farce we should all be using row boats to get work. 
Yes. Mr Inconvenient Truth. The Global Farce aka #AlGore said we’d all die due to #GlobalWarming back in 2006. #InconvenientFarce part 2
#AlGores been spewing this crap since the 60’s. Only true planetary emergency is the anti-American fools bent on destroying the US. The @DNC
Let's start by helping people live life large so they too can give back to climate change!! 8 hours left to vote!
http://5x5night.com/ideas/detail/lifemaxed.com3 …

Yes, Yes, Yes Kamala... Do what Al failed to do, save us!
Run baby run! We love you!   
We will follow you! Lead US!
We Did! It is not a topic any longer. Move On.
Free market capitalist innovation, not global socialist bureaucrat redistribution/regulation will green the planet.
https://thsresearch.files.wordpress.com/2017/05/ef-gast-data-research-report-062717.pdf …
Would you stop already with the fraudulent statistics, you are no better then gore.
@scruffyowl07 willing to do what is necessary to stop or slow down #GlobalWarming @SenKamalaHarris #globalclimatechangeideas?
You need to talk to God about that one Kamala, and I'm pretty sure he is not listed as one of your "favorite" contacts.
@kurtisalexander Climate Change is a hoax!
Speak to China senator they're the ones poisoning the planet 
CH4 concentration is way UP, from formerly frozen deposits  in permafrost and seafloor areas, ice-to-gas, cools surface, then HOTHOUSE EARTH
Sacto-Stockton seems a goner, yes?  For belated Nekkid Day singalong: If you CHURN, you BURN.  So why SPIN on RICO-CHURN to issue BAD HEAT?
We must be climate advocates daily
The Chinese invented climate change to fleece us
Right on man! here's the Scientific proof you need to get unfettered access to endless citizens tax $$
The so called rise in global temperatures are within the margin of error says John Coleman founder of the weather channel
Great way to pilfer tax money to spread around, but .. the real inconvenient truth is it's a scam.
Senator Harris take a look here for some actionable legislative targets for adapting to sea level rise.
Sadly, our elected politicians have wasted so much money over the last 30+ years the US simply can't afford to address many vital issues 1/n
Americans pretend to not have a $20 Trillion debt, with another $32+ Trillion of debt borrowed from Social Security & Medicaid. The US  2/n
simply over expanded its global sphere of influence and no longer has the money to spend on domestic problems like this. Ignorance is bliss!
We also need politicians who embrace solutions based on science, not the demands of natural gas industry donors and the building trades.
We need Common Sense What I see from Kamala ahorris is just what America needs and Now !
Enough judgement Here in  relplys  people if I can call you a person are horrible
@Kamala Harris  -Goleta Beach  ,California -No beach any longer !
  #Risingwaters 
#GlobalWarming & #Globalchange  serious  SOS !!!
Those who deny that climate change is not real or a hoax or list the scientists proving it, Are not in the know. , ignorant or denying it
Good luck on that Trump is already destroying our waters and lands so sad and what for money of course for his wealth friends
very interesting article..
Living through epidemics, famine, and global conflict is the only way humankind can be convinced to save itself. http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2017/07/climate-change-earth-too-hot-for-humans.html …
Bull shit,there's no such thing is just human nature and don't tell me is industrial pollution either.
Obviously global warming is bad but I don't understand why the melting of underwater ice would cause the sea level to rise that much. 
Agreed, but first we have to stop trumpdeathcare.
Finally an issue that the whole planet needs to participate in oh wait we can call it the Paris climate accord
I suppose that's just another reason people are migrating out of California
What a fraud to steal your money. No such thing as global change.
How 2 get Trump Swamp to understand & address Climate Change? They are all about making more $$! No care for anything else. #DrainTrumpSwamp
It's already too late. Almost.
Doing the best that I can.
Agreed. But I don't think humans will move nearly fast enough, until there feet r wet. Then it's all over.
Losing healthcare now though.
Would more use of solar power help with that? I believe the wall you don't like has a huge solar power proposal in the works.
Yes. See iceberg the size of New Jersey separate.
Go ahead, that's why I voted for you
Yes, we do.
Getting the meathead out of the WH should help as long as his merry band of marauders goes with him, Pence included!
Explain to me how building the wall is a waste of $$ but humans trying to change the climate isn't. 
But they say is all a hoax
I regret voting for you #neoliberalism #CorporateShills #sellout




That we do, and not 10 years from now, but starting yesterday!

Yea, and don't forget the sky is falling. Why don't you post all your personal achievements so far in Washington. We have time!!!
You need to be a new leader and spokesperson for the Democratic Party!
@TeeTweetsHere @sfchronicle WE NEED TO ACT ON CHANGING ILLEGITIMATE TO WINNER HILLARY. INCARCERATE ALL I MENTIONED.  READ.
Looser HillaryThe American majority spoke we elected Donald J. Trump as President. It's a FACT get used to it.
Nothing Al Gore said is the Truth. He's a lying opportunist ready and willing to steal your money
You care,I voted for you.Time to protect our original environmentalists. Native Americans aka Indigenous. Did you go to Standing Rock?
Yes we do.Canada is a key player in Nicaragua, polluting Indigenous water thru mining.Sound familiar, U.S has been at it for years...
What happened to Global Warming? What percentage of climate change is due to human activity?
This is what scientists are determiningthis is why they call it science
Why are they then? Also, what level is due to human activity? Answer the question.
Stupid Argument of the Week by Democrats.
First things first Senator, we need to get this jack ass out of office and get a real President.
Be Proud of do nothing maxine waters. Democrats like Pelosi SIGN YOUR MONEY AWAY LIKE ITS FREE. THEY ARE,RICH AND,YOU KEEP VOTING TRASH IN
Been saying it since 1980.

THIS IS,WHY California is Bankrupt. Democrats just SUCK TAX PAYERS,DRY. THATS WHY MASS EXODUS TO TEXAS OUT OF LIBTARD HELL. THEY WANT MORE



No TREE HUGGERS. All the Paris agreement is just an AMERICAN TAX PAYER MONEY GRAB FOR FAILED SOCIALIST POLICIES. HAND OFF TAX PAYERS MONIES!

"Scientists"
That ship has sailed...
Yes we do!!! 
It's like I've heard this story before.
Too late unfortunately
Put some clothes on you're exposure is offensive
I have one solution. There's too much hot air from certain political types in Washington and if they would curb that we'd be better off.
And yet rich people keep buying seaside property?  Odd, same ones pushing cc
#balboaisland
Locally at state level , because it won't get done otherwise .
However the neophyte of @realDonaldTrump does not believe it. He is an stupid liar fool, which a mentally disturbed mind. We need to enforce
Really?
Unfortunately @GOP won't let that happen so we need 2018 #midterms first. @swingleft
Funny, they said the same thing a few decades ago referring to NOW.
U need to run for president after all this crap is done!!
Shouldn't we be worrying about the incoming asteroid ?

These Lib Globalists with their climate change delusions need to put their thermometers back in their BT's were they belong!
MAGA! 
You want to react to a guess there's no fact they're saying likely, may, could, possibly give me some hard facts
Immediately!!
Go for it California. Be the change you want to see.
Lol
You taking on Climate change would be like you trying to take control of earthquakes peddle it to some other countrty
Lead the way, California.
YES
Please yes! Whatever you decide, I am in! 
If "climate change" can clean out SF maybe we shouldn't be to hasty to act... 
Only a "christian" would say something so inane and cruel
Republican Jesus is the antichrist.
Hail Satan.
Where does the U.S constitution specifically state anything about drug use?
Stop the traitors in th WH, then.

We need a leader like @POTUS44 who understood what climate change meant. We don't need a leader who says it's a hoax. That's a problem.
Russian BOT beware
We need to act on getting you into the Oval Office! Love from Chicago! 


MAJORITY OF REPUBLICANS SAY COLLEGES ARE BAD FOR AMERICA (YES, REALLY!)
Wish you were representing me but ... Live in DC "taxation without representation".  Love everything you stand for tho. Thank you!
YOU are so RIGHT, being that  a notification just through to my phone; less than 1 min ago.Sen.Kamala Harris.  @MLB @Cardinals vs @Pirates
Incidentally Pittsburgh Pirates  uniform colors  are just as colorful as the Athletics Oakland. Went to Grocery Store and Chapel for Prayer
9:25pm @FOX SPORTS  @MLB Saturday Game, Watching Now! @Indians Cleveland 2 vs @Athletics 1 BOT of 5th INNING
7:00am @EWTN FAMILY, Sunday MASS; A FAMILY PRAYER.
We need to put sensible and responsible people like yourself in power. We need a majority to get the real work done.
You mean Socialist's. You want America to end up like Venezuela then put the Socialists in charge We just had 8 years of Obummer. Not for me


It's complicated.
 http://www.crfb.org/blogs/has-president-obama-doubled-national-debt …
You have NO POWER HERE. CANNOT BULLY HERE. WILL BE CALLED OUT AND EXPOSED HERE FOR WHAT YOU AND THE DEMOCRATS ARE. THE MESIAH Obama spent it
And we need to act on Premier Trump promoting his non-divested properties at tax payer expense.

Yeah, I'm sure we'll be fine. I mean, it's not like anything like this has ever gone badly before ... http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1871174X16300488 …

You misspelled "Trump family"








