We’re just 24 hours away from voting on a health care bill that impacts 1/6 of our economy & Republicans still haven’t told us what’s in it.
Sorry, was busy watching Trump lecture the Boy Scouts—addresseing them like his personal Trump Youth Brigade. We are re-living the 1930s...
Not well.
Its a bot. 365k tweets?
Def a bot
Rule 1– Don't feed the trolls
Rule 2– Don't fight the Firehose of Falsehood with a Squirtgun of Truth. We need a FIREHOSE OF TRUTH
Q up the Nancy Pelosi quote saying no one knows what obamcare was until it gets passed. #howlittleeveryoneforgets #notatrumpsupporter
I am fighting cancerous cells  and cannot afford my monthly Obamacare, please DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT
Dens voted on ACA without knowing what was in it. I am for letting ACA IMPLODE , then laughing my A off.
A shame and utterly unworthy of a democracy.
God only knows what they're going to try to slip through ......
I bet @realDonaldTrump has no idea what is in this HC bill either, he just wants to put a notch of his belt. Even if it hurts millions
That's because all you liberal senetors are he'll bent on obstruction and not helping the American people get on board and help MAGA
But @SenKamalaHarris they are praying about it, and God told them the poor can eat cake.
How is that even legal?
They're allowing the president to do whatever he wants with Russia do you really think they give a flip about our healthcare.
Are they going to hand out blank checks to everyone so we're all on a level playing field?
When "Akhenaten" died? "Tut" was only 9! Egypt, tried to erase all memory & all signs of "Akhenaten"! Like, This GOP's Obsession with Obama!
If it were me, I'd abstain out of protest. Put me in jail, whatever. Highly unethical 2 demand a vote on something senators haven't seen.
The new slogan for the @SenateDems should be "We the People..."
Take the initiative as a Senator and READ the bill, ........
The Republicans will reap the benefits of what they sowed... 
Now it's time to do #WhatsBestForAmerica & start on the 2018 election process!
just vote 'no'
Republicans know exactly what they are voting on today, erase anything that has to do with our first black president, Obama, a real POTUS.
Senators know how necessary it is to vote. Refusing to vote is like giving more power to the side you don't want to win. EXPLAIN THIS!!!!!
They're clueless!  They listen to a a bona fide fool who didn't understand what the job he ran for entailed.  #hewantedtobekingnotpresident
Irony 7 out 10 ACA ppl voted Trump while many wealthy dems are not on ACA and will get tax break from GOP Bill but oppose bill.
how is this even Legal....i thought we had a two party system to protect us from this type of actions....
The GOP will protect no one but their rich donors and they want that tax cut
Gimme gimme gimme... $$$$$$$
Hahah. Well, I'm sure it just destroys families and makes rich people richer. No big deal.
Hopefully you and the other badass ladies of the Senate will stop this monstrosity! @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @SenCapito
INSANE

The GOP doesn't give a s**t. They get kickbacks from Big Pharma & insurance companies, plus Trump is giving them grief. Constituents? Hah!
Do not vote for a repeal!!!
Then hold out and raise hell about it. Invite reporters into the chamber - people need to know
This is too much trump care is done, move on. This administration is under investigation, maybe that could be what senate works on next.
Time to get radical in the Senate to #SaveourHealthcare
Because  it's  a sham, & serves no purpose xcept  2 allow the tax breaks for the rich elites, the GOP serves
OMG!  Here we go again... eenie meenie mineey moe...
Isn't there some kind of senate rule that requires the bill text days before the vote? Maybe I'm confusing it with House rules.
I've wondered the same thing.
Its irresponsible and immoral to mess with peoples lives just bc the gop hates obama and aca.
Exactly! 

This is insane. Where are the checks & balances? Congress is not doing their job. Is there a way 2 make them accountable now???
And like last time that's because the bill is heinous. Once it's passed, they will launch a propaganda op to tell the base it's "freedom"
Disgraceful and irresponsible.    One person loses coverage then this bill is a loser.
I know.  garbage.  They shame to show anybody.
Please do all you can to stop this attack on middle-class America. Convince your colleagues to #StopTrumpCare
I feel like it's a lost cause for Georgia.  Every time I called them they act like it's an annoyance. They argue with you.
All should say no just for that reason - you don't know wha's in it. What if there's some sort of horrendous 'rider' clause?
It would be ridiculously crazy if it wasn't so scary 
Vote no, no no!
How can a W.H. have that many stupid politicians in it?
Ignorant old boys club just has to win win win even if it kills us all 
It seems that no would be the answer, but you knew that.
Because McConnell has the votes.
Hang tough Senator. Country is depending on you & those who hold same love for USA. We're behind y'all all the way.
Harris for president 2020?
How is this even real that you haven't seen the bill? Aren't there rules that they have to give you a certain amount of time to review it?
@eqracer they should be arrested for murder
That is great governing...only the GOP can come up with a plan which the content is unknown
There are no rules anymore. Instead lies and deception rule. The constitution is subordinated to tribal loyalty & party placed above country
So vote no
Like you'd actually vote yes anyway....
Give me a break, lady.

taking a vote that will impact millions while they have provided for themselves is a national shame
Their STUPID...but think their smart Mitch is an Educated Fool w an asterisk
I contracted hepc 40 yrs ago thru blood transfusion that has damaged my liver I had gastro hemorrhage shunt surgery #ACA saved my life today
Obstruct the insanity
Kamala for prez !! Double whammy on Repubs - black and woman !!!
I don't know how we got to this level.  Unbelievable!!!
The Republicans are Un-American and are destroying our Democracy. They are the secret government now. Vote NO REPUBS 2018-20
Seriously who has a brain tumor removed a week ago, and makes a cross country trip just for a vote. This smells to high heaven.
So don't vote. Or vote no. Anything else else is unacceptable if you don't even know what you are voting for. Vote means nothing otherwise.
The fix is in, IF they conned McCain into making the trip just to get his vote.
I cannot believe there isn't more accountability and regulation demanded from GOP! This is unheard of and should be considered a crime!
Sounds about right.
GOP lost their minds vote them out
I wouldn't vote blind. I know all issues and candidates. I expect the same from my Congress. #WeThePeople 's Congress, not 45's.
Sounds like our foreign policy been screaming an 4 6 months Videos suggest Russian government may be arming Taliban
As I learned throughout the generations and I will teach myself when in doubt go without.
Now, wish me a happy birthday in about one hour and 20 minutes.
Just 24 hrs away from confirming a crook who covered for Trump 
Worked at Alfa Bank said no connections now is awaiting confirmation
Republicans are operating actually like a CULT
GOP=Crazily Irrational. When & If they come to their senses the ? will be...Is America strong enough to overcome the Harm they've inflicted?
Then I don't see how the vote could be yea for anything
All day it's been the big push for vote tomorrow I can only hope everybody sees that it's not in the people's best interest
Please senators vote no on deathcare bill!
Of you! SAD!
@gglightbulb (1) This phantom bill voting on tomorrow by the Senate is a nightmarish idea that's full of crap. #Resist
Wait. Surely McC knows what bill will be voted. Dems don't. McCain returns if they have the votes. We need tougher tactics.
This is the canary in a coal mine. We have a tenuous grasp on democracy.
On the next Episode of Wingnut White House!
Tell them the American people, the voters, the constituency demand a debate and to know what is in the bill before one vote is cast. Please.
Whatever they do .... its real effects will be kicked down the road till after the next election.. they think we are all dumb
That's their plan! We need to follow Poland's lead and occupy the streets.
I hope there are people in the streets in Washington tomorrow
I already told you, we have to pass the bill to know what's in it! #ProgLogic #schadenfreude 
I want you and Al Franken to run in 2020. Madam President Harris sounds pretty sweet to my ear balls!
K I support you. What can you do. These tea party jackasses are ruining your country one vote at a time
Keep fighting and save our country
Don't worry the republicans will make something up as they go
Show up and vote all members of congress  we need to raid the coffers for the benefit courtiers is the Trump's insultarama Thefterdome.
And why haven't you brought up norms, rules of the senate-your u guys all act powerless
Seems the process is corrupt. It needs to be changed. This is the problem with a 2 party system.
Ask if they'll read it out loud. I saw that in a movie once.
"You vote blank bill today, comrade.  We stare at blank pages until...until...Just vote, it be fine. Sign name here..."
I can't believe that there's no way to stop Mitch McConnell? He's deviated from every normal practice in the Senate
That is beyond ridiculous!
Oh Miss Kamila, I know you fought so hard. I am so glad you there. I will not forget you.
#GOPDONTGIVEAF0CK #GOPHATESICKPOOR #GOPHATESUS #WANNABDICKTRAITOR #COMPROMISEDPRESIDENCY #IMPEACH
Repeal. Start over.
Then it's a no. If you haven't had time to read it and digest it it's a no vote.
Calling but the Repub senator Todd Young still on track to do Mcconnell's bidding.   He refuses to listen
Kamala stop this!  I hope u can.
Can u call in sick. Say something like you have a Dr.'s appointment, & thank God you have good healthcare, we should share it with everyone?
Just a question, what happens if you don't vote?
Msg to @GOP @SenateGOP Don't think excuse 'I didn't know' will work if you vote to blindly harm. NO DO-OVERS. Will be your vote-forever.
Thank you for continuing to fight the good fight.
Simple. Vote NO.
Kamala, its a loyalty test for the GOP to vote explicitly for personal devotion to Trump over country, not a vote on a bill.
The point is to say "we will loyally vote 4 anything McConnell tells us to, therefore there's no need to see the contents before the vote."
Thanks for your hard work and dedication. Both bills are damaging to the poor and middle class Americans. No REPEAL please!
And trying to get McClain fly in for a vote!
Do we have to read it to know what is in it like Nancy Pelosi said?
They are willing to kill McCain to do it.
He is willing to kill himself to do it. He's not passive in this.
His disease is a life sentence.  He has 1-2 years, tops. I know from personal experience with people close to me.
“You have to pass the bill to find out what’s in it.“
Just vote NO to anythi g they put on the table...we all know it can't be good. 
Ridiculous
Stay strong. We need you. 
That is an utter outrage.
That's 70,080 hours since the passage of Obamacare that DEMs have had to fix it.  Time to repeal.
RESIGN ALREADY
Thanks for watching our backs
They're voting on tax cuts for the very wealthy, of course! The body count is immaterial. #WealthCare #Treason
Ok soooo what would happen if you "accidentally" shut down the senate and "accidentally" filabustered. again
Vote No
So, so grateful that you are my senator.
JUST SAY NO SENATOR!!!    AND THANK YOU FOR ALL YOUR HARD WORK!!!
Just make sure you vote NO.
GOP must be really proud of healthcare bill, that nobody knows about. Don't worry we will tell you after you vote.
Figure out what we be the worst thing they could possible do, or ask you all to vote on, and that'll be it.
I guess you'll have to pass it so you can see what's in it.
Sound familiar?
So tell them, if I don't know what's in it, no is my vote. Which is how Obamacare should've been done by the way
Well, you have to pass it to find out what's in it.
It's irresponsible & reckless to vote on a bill they are crafting on the fly that effects 1/6 of the economy, 1M+ jobs & healthcare for 32M
Pathetic! Us Dems need to pull it together and take back Congress! House and Senate.
Then the vote is No.
It's a bunch of fuckn bullshit
Really Harris its your job so why don't you get your lazy tweeting but to the vote you hack
Mass psychosis...
VOTE NO. This is wrong. Stand tall and insist that this FAKE HEALTHCARE BILL is not passed.
Please vote NO on wealth care
give em hell.
I've called even though in my heart I know they are going to find a way to push this through and hurt the patients I work so hard to help.
On BS.
Ms. Harris, why don't we have universal health care? @SenSchumer was a joke today. No mention of healthcare cuz even the left won't allow it
Yes voting to just debate the topic not the actual bill. Misleading narrative
This is The twilight zone. Cannot believe we are dealing with this reality. I want my country back!
That should be a default no unless reverse psychology or else reverse reverse psychology or just please stop it
Im thinking maybe a NO vote would be best. Just saying
It's really sit. Just vote no. Isn't that the logical thing to do if you are being forced to vote on something you have no clue about?
@SenateMajLdr why so secretive trying to hide your bullshit #Trumpcare
If they vote to repeal they will catch holy hell when they go back to their districts. It will be all out war on the Senators offices
How can you vote on something
You dont know whats in it???
Reason enough to vote no.
Hope you can stop this insanity!
Welcome to 8 years ago.
And the #RepublicanPartyMalpractice bs just keeps on going.
Sen Harris, how can this be legal?
@SenKamalaHarris future Madame President , keep up the amazing work. Can't wait for 2020 you rock!
Wouldn't a complete outline of the  details of trumpcare healthcare plan explained to America be better before a vote?
This hate bill must be stopped!!

Medicaid thru ACA saved my life this yr from out of the blue illness, Neuro dsn't know why, said may happen again. Will I have to just die?
GOP is completely unorganized and uneducated on healthcare .The hypocrisy of their complaints on ACA is http://unbelievable.Vote  them out
We need to repeal and not replace the ACA, it's been a true disaster since its conception and it needs to be aborted ASAP!
It says a lot about any senator who will vote FOR any bill that they have not had a chance to read. McConnell is so dishonest!
What happens after this try fails?
Actually, your constituents make you vote.
The GOP just wants to pass anything, good or bad!  God help us, as we are getting tired of this clown.  We the resistance are in for a ride!
Please stay strong.
BAD
I've read it. Why haven't you? Keep feeding the sheep.
this administration is so low, I can't believe how low this is
If you show up..is that considered an AUTOMATIC AGREEMENT to Trumpcare?
bring stacks and stacks of constituent letters with you, in a cart if need be! Please!
@GOP is so fucking evil, they're trying to figure out how to get McCain to vote while he's out on leave. It's disgusting and pathetic...
Healthcare Law,
One size does not fit all 'Constitution'
Feds should never gotten involved,
Calif even has it's own,
How America got ACA'd !
How can anyone vote yes on this w/o knowing what it is and still tell their constituents that they represent their interests?
tRump & cronies & McConnell probably threatened bodily harm to a family member unless @GOP votes for repeal. #NeverRepeal
Keep spreadin your legs to get a job
Stay the course.
Well, I imagine it is something the American people, including the T peeps, R not going 2 like! Therefore, B ready 4 some PO people coming!
The senate can vote NO or vote NOT to vote
I thought the vote tomorrow was to get to the floor where everyone will be able to debate and add amendments? No big thing
I suggest you put forward to them they vote Trump out Kamala. Just saying.
Good or bad this #POTUS is carving out an presidency that will forever be marked in history. And it's JUST what he wants.
