We need to tell that to everyone who attends those ridiculous rallies.
They don't listen. And they won't care. They seem to think he's sent by God and can do no wrong.
Bow Down

You are a "logical person"? Who gave you this title? Hilarious!
Well, isn't this fun? Hey guys! A Russian taking up for a trump supporter! 
If I were you, I wouldn't show your ignorance and your low level of education: do you know anything abt the USSR, silly? Go, educate yrself!
trump, during a hurricane that is destroying Huston, plugged a book by a man who forced a woman to give birth on a cell floor, in shackles..
lol I hope you know, we know. lol Doesn't solve anything but gets people motivated for the ballot box, which was its intention.
So what are you saying Ronnie?
the American people love to be bullshitted and told what they want to hear, not necessarily the truth.
So do you think he will build this wall?
he's crazy enough to try to. IDK, but did "The Club" stop dudes fro breaking into cars? Has ADT stopped home burglaries? #TheWall
You're preaching to the choir!
The largest group of persons overstaying their VISA's fly in, I'm wondering how a wall is going to stop that?
The money that they will spend on the stupid wall can feed the poor and pay for our healthcare! Republicans spend our $ like drunken sailors
Joseph, did you get the latest News Alert???? THE NATIONAL DEBT DOUBLED during Oblamas 8 yr reign of terror!!!! Get a clue!!!!
What about when the Cheney/Bush adm., demolished Clintons surplus causing 2 wars and cutting taxes on the 1% twice?
One useless Pres spending more than ALL PREVIOUS PRESIDENTS COMBINED!! Monumental achievement!
WTF?
Obama added the cost of both Iraq and Afghanistan to the national debt. Bush refused to include that in the budget. caused the increase
If Repub were concerned about deficit, why did Trump cut Obamacare subsidies which will increase deficit billions of dollars over 10 years.
Then there's Trump's tax cut plan which the CBO States would increase the deficit by over a trillion dollars in a 10 year period.
No worries.. Mexico  taxpayers aren't Trumps subjects...I hope they put viewing platforms with those little telescopes.. for 25 c a look
I'm sorry  it'll be in pesos not 25cents...
So first Mexico is going to pay , then us, and if we don't, he shuts down our govt? WTF!
You'll never be president.
Let's get another thing straight: you were soft on crime in SF & there's blood on your hands.
Completely bogus  especially  if #Trump touts that illegal immigration is down. #NoWall required. #TaxPayer
He talks so much shit & U can't believe a word he says. Now Canada is getting our Immigrants! Maybe they should built a wall.Almost 4000 now
But isn't Mexico paying for it! Oh, I guess not. #TrumpRallyPhoenix
Say this again and again. Thank you for standing up against this foolishness.
The Repubs get a lot of $$$$ from
the founder of Home Depot. He may think he wins either way 
But Trump is going to shut down government if you don't fund it.
Having p45 in office is a stupid use of taxpayer money! #POLResist
I wish you would focus on removing Trump insteading of stating the obvious.
i heard the wall was already built, but fake news refuses to report on it:) In fact its a bigly fantastic wall. best wall ever built
I'm close to blocking you. Its not about the money Kamala, IT'S THE PRINCIPAL OF IT. that is what you should be saying is wrong. Ugh! Fake
Its both the money and the principle
Why does autocorrect keep fucking up principles.... Sorry bout that? But you know what i mean.
"is"? it would be. but we're counting on you, your Dem colleagues & realistic Republican moderates to keep it from happening.
You mean Mexican taxpayers,  right? I seem to remember @realDonaldTrump telling us once or twice that Mexico would pay for the wall. ..
It's even simpler than that, amend it a bit to: Trump is a stupid use of taxpayer money.
If we had a border wall during Obama, by 2013, MS-13 would not be as infamous.  Have you heard, of ARIZONA or TEXAS?  Long borders, yes?
Make him shut down the govt. Please make him do it. It'll bite ALL R's in the ass. Those who haven't been paying attention will start!
If GOP want's a repeat of 1929 & 2008, shut it down.  Those Crashes happened when they had the WH,House&Senate.#MakeAmericaCrashAgain
He doesn't want to feed kids, help the homeless.  If he wants this wall, tax the elite 1% and let THEM pay for it.  I am fed up with him.
LOL. You have no concept of the cost of illegal immigrants in California.
So is your salary.
Let's get one more thing straight... it ain't gonna happen. #25thAmendmentNow
Wait - isn't Mexico supposed to pay for that?
Kamela 2020!!!!
Everything Trump is stupid. Everything Trump touches dies.
So is everything he, and his family does.
Yes, this nutcase needs to b impeached, this is beyond stupid anymore!!
Yes, securing our border & National Security is stupid. You are nothing but an obstructionist who cares nothing about her constituents!



Kind of like Trump's winning the presidency.
But, but, but........isn't Mexico going to pay for it? Isn't ISIS going to be defeated in 30 days? Isn't the ACA going to repealed on day 1?
This is not how a senator talks. But, you change the meaning of senator and remove all elements of respect.
Tough Guy Said MEXICO was PAYING 4 Wall! Klump Talks BS and REAL MEN ARE NOT Bullied By Him!
Have U met his constituents? They talk & run & hide. Not a real man amongst them!! Real men don't spread hate but Stand Up 4 our rights.
I don't think so. Stupid use of taxpayer money is giving illegals welfare.
#Sad
This may be the policy, but many are getting govt benefits. Keeping our nation safe is not stupid.  #myopinion #priorities
An opinion is not a fact.
A policy typed out does not mean it is followed. My opinion is my fact based on facts that I know. Push your agenda elsewhere.
I have to chime in that Deep South stick said they don't get benefits but the meme says most benefits so which ones are they not getting
absolutely! Trump isn't a hair too bright ! Can't wait till he's impeached !
Nonsense! This was a campaign promise and he is following through. Not surprised that you do not understand the concept.
I would go next step and say a stupid waste of taxpayer money. A wall exists, toughen the laws for perpetrators, use drones. Don't waste $$$
Great idea. Why not use technology instead of a stupid wall?
Hahaha! Technology? 45 doesn't even use a computer! (True) He doesn't understand or appreciate technology.
I'd much rather see that money used educating people on how the government works. #itsnotabusiness
Gov works for legal citizens,  it is not meant for open boarders.
The people who want to keep people in the shadows really like that low cost labor don't they!
Globalists like Kamala's pals George Soros? True,  they do.
If you really want to be horrified investigate the Koch brothers.
They're bad, but pale in comparison to Soros. They don't want to destroy this country, which is Soros' goal.
Koch Brothers are Libertarians which means they want the erosion of the national government into nothing but leader of the military.
I cannot for the life of me understand why any woman can vote for a Republican, especially Trump!
Because it cuts into you undocumented voting base?
Great if dems and repubs can come together to form a wall against it.
Who's paying for this wall?
No one. It's imaginary, much like Trump's current wall. 
Then we'll have "Jim" build it for free!
Sounds good. "Jim"! Get to work.
so is the funding of all his travel and golf excursions.  For the record.
he paid it,
You mean the tax payers of Mexico right? But I agree completely. They are building tunnels to bring the drugs into the country.
That needed to be straightened out?
"A Better Deal." Not a GREAT one, but better...

Right! Have you every heard Roger Waters from Pink Floyd talk about Trump? Scathing!!
Yes! Hoping to catch his concert soon!
Do! You won't be disappointed!! 
Don't laugh the last time I saw 'Pink Floyd' I was a teenager. Loved them forever. Gonna try and see Rodger SOON!
Use that money ey to fund a universal healthcare, make medicare available to everyone or let us have what the Senate has :)
Whose going to pay for medicare for everyone? Government can't even run trains on time. YOU can let them run YOUR healthcare. No thanks
Border traffic down 75% Trump says.
No need for wall.
Put it to Medicare for all.
So is his security detail.
Kamala worried about losing her illegal votes
it's also a stupid way to threaten a govt. shutdown, but stupid is his m.o., Ms. Harris

He should use his own money but that would mean admitting he's NO BILLIONAIRE LOL .Or start a go fund me.
And remember he wants holes in it so we can see what's on the other side.
To say the least.
What about a billion spent in LA county alone on illegals? I'll take the wall thank you
wow a Democrat who does not love to spend other people's money foolishly. Now I have seen everything.
Dems need to talk economy, jobs and health, interrupted only by health, jobs and economy! Party's going to unite in Sept. Watch!
You think Americans care more about real issues than statues, walls, and CNN memes? #Antifa just needs to keep throwing their poo...for 8yrs
Your salary is stupider.
I have to agree . But we have tax payers money . Paying for so crazy things . Like full benefits and you work how many years to get that ? 4
Life time Benefits I believe .
But a soldier has to serve 20 fair?
Also, it's just stupid.
I think the people who want the wall should pay for it. They can either pay extra taxes or they can start a gofundme account
So is his secret service detail for his whole stupid family, and obviously the stupid wall.
Thanks Sen Harris, keep up obstruction to @POTUS stupid ideas, #GOP lacks guts to stand up for USA - except that one vote @SenJohnMcCain 
Second thing straight. It isn't Trumps. 

#ConManDon has no ideas. He is 71 reads what he is told by the #WhiteCowards surrounding him.
Then why does Mexico have a wall on their southern border? Investigate violence into alt left groups. #Scalise #Berkeley
The wall is a testament to how sick Trump really is..
He could build the wall with all the profit he's made from being potus & still have billions & billions.
Wow a CA Dem worried about Gov't spending. That's a first.
You support spending $100 billion on illegal aliens. Why not use that to save SS!
Tell us it's "immoral". I think it's better than buying our way out of poverty, like you seem to want to do.
Nowhere near as stupid as paying ur salary. ur pandering to the #AltLeft will get you exactly what you deserve. #ItsOverForYOU
Why?  You need some facts Kamala if you want to win Independents who went for Trump.  Democrats have no policy outline.
pretty much feel the same abou you
actually your senatorial salary is a far worse use, you should resign and make way for someone to actually work
Run a bullet train across top of wall and maybe yes
So is trump
So was paying you as attorney general to not prosecute Steve Mnuchin and one West Bank.
Let him pay back what it cost for SS first.
How about drones and other high tech equipment?
Thank you
You mean . . . Mexico's pesos, riiiiiight?
It's an inexcusable failure to prioritize the well-being of the American people over Trump's xenophobic agenda.
Before you say anything, think long & hard about what YOUR state, county or community could do w/ $25+ billion.
And you are an incredibly stupid use of taxpayer money!
A wall isn't going to do shit. Technological security would. And people. Not a wall.
An electronic wall?? Great as long as it gets the job done!!
Sure. Sensors, heat detection, X-ray, drones, etc. there's tons out there compounded with actual people (which creates jobs) could b used
Yep.   You could also have said:

Trump is a stupid use of taxpayer money.

Yeah, but it's funny! Like, does one man rule the country? Aren't there mechanisms to prevent stupid?
I don't understand how he's moving this forward.  Any research supporting its effectiveness?  A pilot study as a starting point, perhaps?
The wall will rob us of land & waterways. Subsistence living & ranching along the border will be effected. Drugs & people will still come.
But all that money he would be able to divert without being noticed!
Especially since he advocated  that Mexico would pay for it, not US. It was a lie to begin with, but USA should not pay for it regardless.
A wall when GOP refuses to provide a decent plan for healthcare. DISGUSTING!!!
There are plenty of stupid uses for taxpayer money. Why are you so focused on this one? Would you like to give some back? Pay down the debt?
Art.
This is why I love you!
It's a damn waste of money, he wants the wall he should pay for it.
@blabbypain Secret Service Out of funds Trump has cost U.S. Far to much Let him fund the wall !
You just called the american people STUPID its our wall its our money

You work for the ppl not your party

You need to go and now get out
Paying Democratic's For Not Doing their Jobs is a stupid use of taxpayer money.
Amen! He must be impeached! He is not fit to be president!
No it's not. You don't speak for middle America. Mexico has their own southern border wall. Learn something

Trumps plan to cut his own taxes.
#ThursdayThoughts
Excessive spending on welfare is a stupid use or tax payer money.
So is paying your salary
Thank You!
It certainly is! All that money could provide an awful lot of healthcare.
As stupid as he is.
A few facts for you Senator.
One thing for sure is you are useless and got where you got on your back
The flow of Undocumented Democrats must be stopped. Kabala, do you really think we can afford welfare for million more?
Trump is a stupid use of tax payer money
California needs a law prohibiting the state from doing business with any company that has anything to do with building the wall.
My money is on trump wanting to use who ever will give him the biggest kickback
What part of the 20T debt is the good part, pray tell.
Amen
See, where you liberals don't get it. I'm investing in shovel and ladder companies 
you need a shovel if you're following Trump
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump is also a stupid use of taxpayer money....
But... but... Mexico is gonna pay for it... Trump swears they will xD

Second only to his entire family
Yes!!! Stupid & irresponsible!!!
Trump promised 'Mexico will pay for the wall' & we should hold him to it! Let's force him cuz he said "believe me" #resist @OccupyDemocrats
As are his numerous golfing trips and rallies
It's about branding. #Trump wants a #wall as a monument to his POTUS legacy. He'll slap a TRUMP plaque on it, do a ribbon-cutting & photo op
Think about it, though...the time it would take to build what he promised...he may not be alive to see.  It's not going to happen.  No way.
True! He may have a heart attack and die while rallying!
In AZ Trump said the wall had to be the see through kind. Maybe Don The Con Jr. owns a failing chain link co.
@Empnew stupid is really not strong enough word
I still marvel that Trump convinced his followers to that Mexico will pay for the wall. His prowess as a con artist is astonishing.
Trump is crazy regardless
Let's crowd source a program to buy Ladders for Laredo, Mexico  to highlight the stupidity of a wall and the massive waste of my tax dollars
trump is a stupid use of taxpayer money!
Build the wall!
@JJohnsonLaw heroin crossing the southern border wreaking havoc on the streets of Chicago is clearly not a concern for you.
Trumps wall may cost 67 billion.  Less than what we spend on illegals in 2 years.  The math adds up that in year 3 we save a lot of MONEY.
You're a waste of tax $'s
So is renting golf carts.
Yes it is but then we have 2 consider the SOURCE Unless #northkorea distracts #Trump this will b his new obsession
Use? Waste
Really then why does Mexico have one on it's southern border, it will make crossing harder which is its whole point I say 20 bil for wall
Instead of 90 bil a year for illegal aliens. #stoptheinvasion
Didn't hear how stupid it was to raise taxes on gas and cars, of working class people for the 3rd time against Cali constitution.
As opposed to allowing the jack ass to profit off his own golf course on our tax dime every single friggin weekend?
So are 90% of your policies.
I'm actually quite happy spending my tax dollars on it. It's vital. And will be happy to increase the national deficit to carry its costs.
Wait! If we're lucky California will have seceded from the union before she has a chance to run (or would that be "unlucky"?)
So is Planned Parenthood, except that the border wall saves lives, not takes lives.
Actually it's a "misuse"
Second only to paying for his vacations, as well as his family on business trips for the Trump brand. Biggest scam in U,S, history,
A stupid WASTE of taxpayer money
So are golf cart rentals to protect HIM
Trump border wall that cost taxpayer 12 billion total but saves tax payers 90 billion a year is a bad investment. @Dnc logic for ya folks
Beside the fact that it's racist, taxpayers can't afford it. There are no jobs to pay for this unless he has the 1% like @stevenmnuchin1 pay
And the Democrats know a whole lot about stupidly using taxpayer money.
You're right! Let's use all that #BigCorporation $$ YOU, @DNC & #GOP got for #RICH ONLY AGENDA. BETTER = use for #SinglePayer @RoseAnnDeMoro
@LeeCamp @davidsirota @DemSocialists @DraftBernie @PascoRevolution @fightfor15 @WaywardWinifred @4HealthyCA @WoobieTuesday @Freedom4Blks
Not as stupid as the crybabies called DEMOCRATS.. bingo.. you lose.. again
Completely!!!
Said the Extortionist!
LOL!  Excellent!
He should pay for it with all the taxes he hasn't paid.Hey trump no one wants this wall it is stupid and useless kinda like you in this life
We're not going to pay for that wall.  Not going to happen.
He will shut down the government if no $ for wall!! Which government Mexico? USA?
Lol, says a woman who would have us bringing thousands of refugees in?
Didn't you hear... Mexico is taking out a loan with Trump to pay for it.  Trump is getting the money to loan from Russia, everything is fine
I'm sure Kamala thinks that sending plane loads of cash to Iran is a fine use of taxpayer dollars
I strongly disagree. Building the wall will put Americans to work, and grow the economy. It's an excellent idea
How much are illegals costing?
So is all the $ we spend on him and ALL of his family for protection!
Solution! Take away Carter's, both Bush's, Clinton's and ESPECIALLY Obama's details
Trump's entire Presidency is a stupid use of taxpayer money.
Except that he donated his salary to the parks services.
Your salary is a stupid use of taxpayer money #REKT
He said Mexico was going to pay for the wall and now he wants the taxpayers to pay for it. We say not with our tax dollars.
