And @SenJohnMcCain is riding his government healthcare back into town tomorrow to take away benefits from millions.
You mean taking away government forcing me to buy something.
Like car insurance?  And roads?  And military equipment?  The government requires you to buy all of that.
Not like any of those things, no. I'm fined for existing.
So you aren't required to pay taxes?  Your existence requires it.
Think what you will about taxation, but this is a fine for not buying a good. Therefore is not the same.
Further, giving people a choice is not the same as taking something away. Do you really not know the difference between these things?
You don't understand how insurance markets work.  Giving the choice is the same thing as taking it away.  1/
Kamala, anything but single-payer is unacceptable. Let's work on that.
How many people who need important medical care in the US go to Canada for procedures? Yup, none. Because there system sucks.
American can't go to Canada for medical procedures without paying for them. Canada medical doesn't cover Americans. That might be the reason
Then why do Canadians come here? They would have 2 pay as well. We have the best medical system for a reason. The govt will ruin & ration it
Thats not factually accurate. Pls don't use the word "most".  Some cannot.  We cannot provide everything for everybody.
Why not? We can find money to destroy the world fighting some fictional enemy yet we can't provide medical coverage? Makes no sense to me.
4 starters b/c we are almost 20 trillion in debt and over 200 trillion with unfunded liabilities (soc sec, medicare). need to stop wars also
War machine is our biggest liability. Pentagon can't account for $trillions$. Social Security was robbed by GW. Obama bailed out Wall St.
My Senators are DEMS, but so far I called McConnell, Cotton, Capito & urged them to be courageous and work with Dems on this healthcarebill.
Another lie keep it up Kamala spew your agenda no matter what lies you tell pathetic hack
#CBOSCORE
Right the CBO and the model from the CBO that you refer to was written by Grueber enough said
Millions of us do not want to lose access to affordable health insurance! We are outraged that @SenateGOP shows no regard for our families!
Where is affordable, ? Oh , Medicaid
And, repeal and replace did not pass, correct?  Today on to vote to repeal, right?
Nothing passed yet. They had a vote last night that failed. The madness continues today.
What's funny is how you lump those of us who DONT WANT "coverage" Into the "lose coverage" category. Where is freedom?
Probably much fewer of you than those who'd really miss it. Am really curious about why you don't want coverage, though? Care to explain?
Because I can't afford it.
That sucks. :(
What crock.
KH, why do you deserve better than the people you serve. Double standard..
@RepBarbaraLee liar
Don't left 'em bully you
Retweet if you want this sexist man out of office!
Racist/Sexist GOP Sen looks like Pat from Saturday Night Live! Or he could pass for Porky on The old  Lil Rascals/Our Gang movies.
Healthcare funded by taxpayer extortion is not a right.
Maslow's hierarchy of needs is a universal right for every human being
A RETWEET, from one day ago, Sen.Kamala Harris, just now posted.
Not if you are "I'm ok" @SenJohnMcCain and @realDonaldTrump. American heroes both.
How many do not have coverage today? 20 plus million minimum.
Democrats caused this by forcing Obamacare extortion on working people. You bums are Communist traitors.Repeal it and leave us alone.
That's just completely dishonest and deceptive. 100 million will have the freedom to shop for a plan that suits them not forced on them.
Then where's the revision?
Any repeal legislation will have a transition period for those who got  coverage through Obamacare to move to new plans.
At what price fir premiums and deductibles Mark? One of those bills raises both making insurance unaffordable.

Interesting article re House bill from March 8 ~ irrelevant to current Senate free for all
Keep #ACA, nobody can afford premiums or deductibles which means nobody has any actual healthcare #obamacare #fraud
Speaking of Radical Leftists, how ya doing Kamala
The ones you are trying to say will loose their coverage are welfare. Maybe they should get a job pay their share
and  your proof is the @CBO that got the #ACA numbers wrong too? Wise up lame brain
And millions lose benefits and suffer increased costs via employer plans.
How about simply leaving it alone?
Like Whoppi Said, "We want what you got!" And why not. Our tax dollars pay your salaries.
Too bad they cut everything from ACA to get it to pass. It wld be btr if work on limiting the amt of profit to be had on poor health
Where do you Dems and Libs get your numbers out of your BUTTS??? Love how you to try to scare your peeps into blindly following!
Agreed, maybe Impeach Pence we all get a chance, Impeach Dumpmeister and Pence, win, win situation!
And put Paul Ryan as POTUS? No thank you.
Tell his Mommy, he will go running home with his tail between his legs
Kamala for President.
Cuba and Venezuela already have a President, perhaps Russia?
Tell us about the 10s of millions, that can't afford the cost of skyrocketing premiums. #ObamaLied, said avg fam saves avg $2500 a year.
How many of these millions are illegals? I do not want to continue paying for them. Put my money towards VETS. You should be ashamed Kamala
Only eight million are in it.   Where is your math. ?
Make California its own country already. And take NY with u. We don't want to be Canada/Europe. Ask Charlie G's parents about govt run HC
and of that, 11.8 million (84 percent) were people given the “gift” of Medicaid. Oops damn there goes those pesky FACTS of TRUTH again!
How did you arrive at these numbers?
She didn't.
https://www.cbo.gov/publication/52939 …

https://apps.npr.org/documents/document.html?id=3878034-52849-hr1628senate …

It's actually 32 and 22 million, but the numbers are accurate speculations from the CBO.
The CBO itself says it's because people will opt out. We have safety measures for people who can't afford healthcare. Dems say nothing about
the millions that lost their healthcare because of Obamacare. The GOP plan is basically Obamacare so it's trash too. There should be no
"Replacement".
So we should have no healthcare at all...? Yeah good plan man
Correct, no govt provided HC. HC is not a "right". There are plenty of places to get HC and get it for less if govt would get out of the way
And second, they will  have more choices and better options. Win. Win. Oops did you miss that???

Let John McCain die.
And how many of them are from the mandate?
According to the very same organization that put those numbers out- upwards of 70%.
And millions that could loose their lives
Kamala, why is it so hard to understand that Americans put 100 of you in the senate to represent Americans. All should be the same.. SO
Dear @SenateGOP why are you doing this to US? As law-abiding #Americans, we have a RIGHT to good, affordable Health Care--like YOU.
Unless you are Paul Ryan, Mitch McConnell and Donald Trump.  The bigger the number the more they trumpet it.
The "unhappy w ACA" 13%, will now, along w @GOP,
help  KILL thousands among the EIGHTY SEVEN PERCENT that Are Happy &
DEPEND on ACA to live
Maintain ACA: 28 million lose coverage.
One may well happen.
#MoochSawTrump Perform open heart surgery on 3 people at the same time. Who needs health care when @realDonaldTrump can save lives.
Thank you for fighting for those who need it most!
Your negativity is unacceptable.
'Both are unacceptable' - much like my pair of #Leftist California Senators.
While Kamala was in her 20's she had an affair with the 69 year old California speaker
Kamala lies more than Obama
How can anyone NOT agree? Both are UNACCEPTABLE!

both inaccurate. "73 % of "lost" coverage would arise from individuals making a CHOICE to exit the marketplace..."
We aren't FORCED to buy the plan gov commands we buy. We might have a choice with the new plan.
Liar
stats are misleading. People will be able to choose without penalty to not get healthcare. Dems need to step up and work not obstruct.
People spending their own $ as they see fit, w/o gov't getting a cut? Aw HELLZ naw!
I saw something that said 75% of the millions you claim will lose coverage didn't want the coverage they were forced to buy under the ACA.
Will you work for Medicare for all?
It's unfortunate but Trump supporters may indeed get what they voted for, " less for more".
So is Ocrap!!
Is that the 23 mill that were put on Medicare when the ACA was enacted?
Can we repeal and replace the Trump administration?
Keep in place small business owners pay 1500 a month for terrible health insurance for their families.  You're all idiots
Stop the scare tactics #DemoRATS Most of the "loss" comes frm ppl FORCED 2 buy #Ocare when they didn't want 2. This is Am! #VoteKamalaOut
So angry they did this
Non citizens should not have non-emergency care.  Resist glamorizing socialism.
Mark, read what bill! The same even most of the Republican congress were lockedout of!Or are you one of the 13 GOP shitnators that coined it
It is!! Amazing how hard they are trying to do that to the American people relying on Obama care. But. If they succeed, we will repeal it18
What will you do when @POTUS writes an executive order ordering congress to use Obamacare? Asking for some friends.
Does that include me & millions who will drop it. WITHOUT PAYING A FINE. No one believes you liars any more.
#TraitorTrump is terrible for America. Save people save America  #ImpeachTrump #TheResistance #TrumpRussia #NoTrumpCare #FakePresident 
Strange that only 9M r on ObamaNOcare plus another 10M on medicaid (many of which are 18-54 ABLE bodied men). Obvious that CBO sucks at math
Obamacare gave people insurance on paper for $10,000 per year but people couldn't use it. High restrictions on MSA's.
Please keep fighting for us.
ObamaCare is unacceptable, and so is doing nothing to repeal & replace it!  #MAGA
From afar, it looks driven by utter wanton wickedness.
I declare THIS Congress to be a prexisting condition.
What about the millions that lost healthcare for what you guys put in place. You crook should be in jail
They. Don't. Care. about the American people
KAMALA HARRIS!!! DEMOCRATS MUST HOLD HOSTAGE THE HOUSE AND SENATE! TIME TO GET YOUR HANDS DIRTY!
Both are fine because government shouldn't be touching anything to do with health. It should've never happened to begin with.
So all schedule surgeries put on hold, except John McCain's.
As if January every Canadian under the age of 24 will get free prescription for all meds learn from us ...Canada's takes care of their own
Don't get it we make it work in Canada for most part maybe they need to learn from us
Semantics, because as soon as it is repealed 15M will opt to drop all coverage that they were forced by law to have. TELL THE TRUTH
Millionaires and Billionaires don't have health ins. They write a check . They have no idea what they are doing to us. Nor do they care.
How many people are without healthcare coverage right now? What are you doing for them?
But senators of GOP are more afraid of Trump the guy that mentally is still in 7th grade than the voters who put them there go figure
Make it better Senator.
Do you support bills for Medicare for All and Single Payer? If not, you are playing the same game as the Republicans.
Another step towards yet another Republican economic collapse. Mark my words, they're taking America down for billionaires.
They don't care. #RussianGOP bought and paid for. We're screwed.
We're not done yet... it just the beginning of the fight. We will fight this as long as it takes.
Please filibuster by amendment.
@MeghanMcCain Please share this post from this sick pig so that UR followers can see it and contact the looser. @HARRISFAULKNER @Circa
Fix ACA and 95% of Americans have access to some sort of healthcare and a chance to survive. #GOPisEvil
oh really??  the AVA/Obamacare crap ain't helping shit....sit down crooked politician!!
Don't worry. Just wait until November next year when Democrats again refuse to vote itll get worse....
These numbers have been proven wrong. It's not even close.
Agreed!
Dems demagoguing "millions will lose coverage."  No, they'll choose to not be forced to buy it, opt out. #freedom
#Sellout Corporate Democrats are Unacceptable. #SinglePayerNow #SB562 #MedicareForAll #BernieCare #SinglePayer
TrumpCare Worst piece of health care legislation ever Written @JohnKasich @GeorgeWBush These People are Correct!
And just as worst with regulation reverse action not 1company employee in the trucking industry has benefited from it just Companies
Fake news again.  I'm working and without insurance. Cost is 820 a mo with 6250 deductible. Obamacare care is worthless. Expand Medicaid
Republican Re-With-Lies-Able-Coverage-To Keep-YOU-Like-Their-Coverage
32 Million...the whole population of Canada.  If this happened in Canada, the whole country would be uninsured.
and yet...
Keep up the fight Kamala then run for president
Congressional Republicans don't care...
... to anyone except the people behind it.
What about Skinny Repeal? 15 million?
but letting people like steve mnuchin off on fraud is acceptable though right???
Why do you oppose Medicare for all?   Best approach
Talk about a rock and a hard place!
Healthcare then Medicare next Social Security and VA Benefits.   WAKE UP AMERICA !!!
How bout we all stop paying into insurance, and demand single payer? Anyone? No? Man I hate this soulless brainwashed country.
GOP doesn't care about Americans keeping healthcare, they want to get rid of anything associated w Obama & get their tax cuts! Hateful!
There are only 11.4 million on Obamacare.  Where do you get the 32 and 23 million?
Here's how the CBO comes up with those numbers.
Actually CBO is using a flawed method; actual number is far smaller for Repeal so your numbers suck
Why don't dems come up with a plan for the COB to evaluate that fixes ACA to at least have something to counter, then work from there?
Sabotaging Obamacare for years all because of jealousy & greed that's what these GOP's are made of. They r in GOV to put $ in their pockets.
Senator are democrats reaching across the aisle to gain support for a NO vote today!
I'd like someone else to pay my internet,cable, and gym membership. Can you do something about that? Oh, and pay for my kids' college.
There are only 11 million people enrolled in Obamacare.  Your numbers of those losing coverage makes no sense.
Fraudulent generalization based on a desire to get votes. Self-serving, anti-American, deceitful, racist liar.
It's time for single payer.

FIGHT! Take back your country from this madman and his henchmen.
Government needs to get out of healthcare
#ImproveACA & everyone benefits w affordable/comprehensive healthcare! #GOP MUST see that healthcare for all a RIGHT! GOP only cares for $$!
18 million begins next year.
. @SenThomTillis @SenatorBurr your yes vote = blood on your hands for the men, women, and children that will die w/out ins. Vote NO.
Yeah, but Sir Misogyny the Orange saw a Gerber baby ad that said insurance is only $12/yr. Maybe he's going to get Gerber plans 4 everyone?
Let's not forget - even more outrageous are the tax cuts for the m/billionaires attached to this.
Agree!
Thank you Sen Harris.
Remember that ACA also leaves millions uncovered, to the benefit of the Insurance industry. #SinglePayer
.@SenKamalaHarris You are my shero! We stand with you in this fight for our life. NOBODY puts baby in the corner. We must ROAR this message.
MURDERER TRUMP AND GOP WILL BURN IN HELL!!!
Here's the thing, Congress has health care that the American ppl pay for.Their response is to take ours away. What's civilized about that?
Look @SenJohnMcCain in they eye and tell him to go straight to hell if he votes for either!
Americans have to see this is fight for moral, decent and caring society! All who care for these values must act NOW or suffer consequences

Hopefully, one day Trump will learn that marginalizing America - like he's doing now - actually makes America weaker, not stronger.
 
.@GOP THIS IS A PERSON YOU WANT TO TAKE HEALTHCARE FROM! HE'S MY BROTHER! MY FATHER DID THIS TO HIM! HOW SICK ARE YOU! 
How do you know that if you don't know what's in it?
This might be one sad and scary day for millions but trump wil have destroyed everything Pres. Obama achieved. What hate can do.
You liberals care so damn much, you pay for a families HC wants out of your pocket. STOP telling me I must pick up the tab.
Thank you for fighting for us!
8 million elected to pay a cheap ass obama created fine in 2016 vs being responsible ...more unacceptable. REPEAL, free market, BUY IT
Why didn't u call it unacceptable for the 30M who lost the plans they liked due to ACA?
Repealing ACA will elliminate safety on parasitic hospital readmissions policy. subpart I of 42 CFR part 412 (§412.150 through §412.154).
I urge you to do everything in your power to stop the ACA repeal vote. Withhold consent or filibuster. Whatever it takes.
I can see them smiling, twitching as their strings are pulled, Caligula smiling with a poisoned dagger behind his back.
Not my job to pay your insurance. Access to healthcare is still there. Just have to pay for it like everybody else
Nobody loses;  if they like their doctor, they can keep their doctor.
Stop misleading. Fact is 73% of those would be because they chose not to have insurance. Letting people choose is right.
Fuzzy math Kamala and another Dem lie ! Did you include the millions who have dropped Obamacare because they can't afford high premiums?
How are these fools voting for something and  don't even know what they are voting for? Because they hate Obama and don't care about people.
#SaveACA
#DemExit #KamalaExit
@davidpsdem Have you read the posts from GOP supporters?? They are thrilled ppl are losing their healthcare!
When will you run and change all of this???
They don't care! What difference does 9M make? It's unconscionable & immoral!
Keep fighting!!!
again with the misinformation! start by telling the honest truth with current healthcare. It will never get better by being dishonest..
Senator; your talking points are lies, part of the great Dem effort to preserve the Obama legacy. You are the enabler $$ of a broken program
Then vote to put the bill on the floor and debate it. If nothing changes you can vote against it. Don't block debate on the #HealthcareBill
What about the 15 million that would be w/o coverage b/c they choose to be w/o. Manipulation of #s for political purposes!
And status quo?  Implosion!!!!!!

They do not care until it touches them. #sad
Replace #ACA would be completely acceptable especially if it was #HealthcareForAll 
#SinglePayer 
#ForTheManyNotTheFew
Unfortunately depends on who you ask
Get your numbers right!
Nothing is acceptable to the left.
Not according to the CBO... the again they have their own troubles.
Please meet with the 3 GOP women. They cannot change vote to a worse bill than the one they voted no to couple of weeks ago. PLEASE.
The current ACA is unacceptable & must be repealed!
More than unacceptable. It's monstrous, inhumane, a stain on America. It shows the utter depravity & soullessness of the current #GOP. Shame
How much are they paying you? Are you for single payor?
