
New book by 'Shattered' by Clinton insiders reveals that "blame Russia" plan was hatched "within twenty-four hours" of  election loss. 
I'm undecided on this - I think the Senate will learn the truth on Thursday when he has his closed session them. I wish I were a fly...
Kamala there is no crime to appoint a special prosecutor. Please stop mis-representing the facts.
Of course you did.  Obstruction is your only usefulness
First thing  u have ever stood up for despite not being able to articulate the reason why
Good for you. We need one badly.
You need to commit to a special prosecutor for wiretap, unmask and leaking. The only real crime in this fiasco.
You don't have a clue.  With you and your ties maybe we need one to investigate you.  People who live in glass houses.......
Might want to see the story out on Maxine Waters and her glass houses today.
Hillary Clinton while Secretary of State had an illegal unsecured email server and lied about it under oath
he will continue to not want a special prosecutor
Thank you!
The only thing you stand by is being a political hack...
No special prosectuor needed. UR Prince (Obama) and his intel heads already have said NO EVIDENCE OF TRUMP COLLUSION. @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
Shut up about a Special persecutor.
How about Colin Powell for FBI director?  I think he's a straight shooter.
Give Rosenstein a break He's learning a new job and how to shave at the same time
Which is why I stand with YOU.
Special persecutors are unconstitutional, the investigation is just fine with Sessions and Rosenstein, new FBI & Assistant FBI Grow up
Our @POTUS is not under investigation. can't the Senate handle Russian Hacking, DNC insecure servers, tell Podesta to by McGaffe
Thank you!!!!
Boy we're you ever right. He's a weasel
Great job
Kamala I don't live in your state, but I like the hell out of you. #StraightTalk #ChampionOfPeople #Champion4Change #NotJustTalkingTheTalk
Where's any evidence of a crime, in order to require a special prosecutor? ?
Why a "prosecutor" and not an "investigator"? There's nothing to prosecute as of today.
Quit beating a dead horse. If there was something there would be proof by now. Stop wasting our $$
keep up the good fight. We need leadership like yours
You Rock! Please help us get out of this mess
It would be understating to say many citizens are deeply concerned about Justice Dept & FBI. Standing on principle isn't same as a broom.
Proud of you
That guy must be Trumps new Lapdog..
We are being railroaded Sessions recused himself from Russian investigations this is a DICTATOR GONE MAD!!! Threatened Comey hope has tapes
Senator, please read Melik Kaylan pieces in Politico and Forbes. This is a new kind of Cold War-fare.
U Go President Harris!....I mean Sen. Harris!! 
Until you people come out of the fancy bubble you live in and understand what real America faces...you will continue to lose as a party.

#standup to #Trump be the #CHAMPION OF #DEMS
And i stand with you.
I appreciate your backbone, Sister!! Thank you.
I know why you think this BUT #SallyYatesIsAPatriot and #comeyismyhomey BOTH say #Rosenstein=GOOD.
Thank you, Senator.
I'm believing in your judgement more and more everyday. I got fooled and really believed #Rosenstein would do what's good for the country!?
You are a bada$$!! 
I Wish I could Vote for Kamela Harris. I could - if She Would - Run for President!
Great call.
Happy you are my Senator!
Thanks!
How about a bill to make personal violation of the COTUS by a president (ie Emoluments) unpardonable?
I smell an armed civil war coming.
Yall a bunch of cry babies.i saw none of this when obama was elected.ok i punched a wall then accepted it.my hand hurted for a week.
We love you Kamala Harris! Keep pressure on the GOP REPUBLICANS !  Impeach #45 NOW!
Keep speaking for and voting for the people who elected you!
Thank you!
We could yell all day and night..and he will need to use earplugs to sleep..
Shane I think we the people may need 2do that..? Lets have a sit in at the front WH gates...at the march for truth ..like.. a million of us.
Thank you.
Thank you! Keep it up. We are your constituents!!
Thank you.
Obviously, you were BIG TIME in the minority! No crime has been committed. Spend your time on things that do matter, like the economy.
Thank you, Senator. 
And apparently he proved why you opposed him. He pledged loyalty to Trump, not country.
Envious of states whose Senators have integrity. In Alabama we haven't that luxury & in fact foisted one (Sessions) off on y'all... Sorry.
We all know you believe in deconstruction instead of building a better america
Can you step in for the orange baboon?
Another Trump minion
fate of this illegitimate PRESIDENT
TO attempt to redeem whatever creditability he has and his reputation ,ROSENSENSTEN has absolutely no choice or suffer the
Thank you 
Thank you so much for that Senator Harris!!
Hmmm, I'm siding with the FBI, something smells foul with GOP
Proud of you as a first-term Senator for being so vocal.
Thank you, Senator! 
Thank you. I am so pleased to have voted for you! You are a powerhouse now and for the future.
ROSENSTEIN MUST RESIGN.HES A LOSER.
I stand by you, my Senator.
Congress GOP r aiding Trump 2 obstruct justice. Flood -lines Demand #SpecialProsecutor Congress contacts & Scripts⇒https://docs.google.com/document/d/1R9ysZs0UAGOSkkfaFm12tCguSkWo8t_qE4sN0c7teiA/copy?usp=sharing …
You have a justice department that is obstructing justice. And the POTUS is saying what are you going to do about it. Well? Impeach him & AG
Thank You.  Stand tall Stand firm. #RESISTANCE
Maybe time for Impeachment Inquiry?
Good for you. We need you to stay focused on these criminals.
Good, now go find 59 friends in the Senate and maybe we can stop this country from swirling down the drain.
From Louise: Look at Jim Comey's own Senate testimony. He clearly had ZERO desire for a Spec. Pros. Wants career @FBI in charge #Rosenstein
FUTURE LEADER!
Deputy AG Rosenstein needs to appoint a special prosecutor. As a USAF vet I am ashamed of where our ledrs are takng us.
@dickensgirl Good call.
But now that he's in there, what is next step.....?
Your words: ". . choosing Party over country"  . . just like Maxine Waters.
He can, however, redeem himself today. Appoint the prosecutor and move on.
Senator Harris, so far you are proving to be correct in voting against DAG! Hopefully he comes around.
Thank you.....from Seaside CA
Thank you, Kamala!
Thank you!
I wish our other senators in this county would have followed your lead. Thank you Sen. Harris!
Country*
We love you! You did the right thing.
Sen. Kamala Harris of CALIFORNIA: 4:00pm ct. @CNN cont'd coverage, Anchor: @wolfblitzer the min. Timing!
Clearly neither AG Jeff Sessions nor Deputy AG Rosenstein are in your favor or Book as being the Top Law Enforcement Officials in the Nation
As far as I can tell you haven't done a single thing beneficial for CA voters - you're all posture and propaganda and general obstruction.
Right, thanks for your vote of confidence. Conservatives have pretty much given up in CA, haven't they? My solution is twitter - for now.

What are you doing to persuade your colleagues across the aisle to do something?
