They 'think' they are the opposite sex which makes it mental but you ban any help they can get. Atta girl
Apparently, you haven't the slightest idea what conversion therapy is do you.
Conversion therapy (also called reparative therapy) is any treatment that aims to change sexual orientation from homosexual to heterosexual.
And it's a sham-a dangerous one at that.
And those that are just confused and desire it? Kamala is banning the treatment some desire. What about them? Tough rocks?
Conversion therapy has been clearly defined by clinical professionals as being harmful and not helpful. It's torture, not science.
So, tough rocks to those that want it. Just cut them lose. Too bad that you may want help, right? How about a choice rather than a ban?
Yet she supports Sharia Law and FGM is fine by her!
Quick question: Would this bill ban conversion therapy as it applies to gender identity & sexual orientation, or just sexual orientation?
Oh shit, are they doing that now too?
Thanks from the other side of the planet. Every small step helps.
Will you also be banning ABA therapy, since it's pretty much the same thing and can be extremely harmful for autistic kids?
Thank you!!
On what scientific basis?
Surprised it hasn't been banned already. Thank you for seeing this through!
thank you, Senator! This is very important work.
Thank You!
Conversion therapy is modern day Mengele.  It's torture.
You're a shero! I suffered a lot through, 'conversion therapy'. When do x-tians open their heart. That'll be the day.
I'm sorry for your suffering & promise to keep fighting to end #ConversionTherapy nationwide. You were #BornPerfect!
Thanx. I'll be fighting too on my own territory (the Netherlands). These 'conversionists' don't know what they're doing or darn well
Thank You.  So proud to live in CA and be represented by you.  Conversion-therapy is disgusting.
Conversion-therapy is right up there in the book of medical miracles along with leeching, clysters and trepanning.
Thank You for the children
Are you going to run. Can't We Stop The Madness?Cali needs to fix this.2018-Sweep 2020 we are waiting for someone?
Lovaas invented this and ABA.
Do you know that there is an "Autism Conversion therapy" that abuses Autistic children until they "look less" Autistic?Where is the #ABABan?
#ConversionTherapy is #abuse #ChildAbuse
#ChildAbusePreventionMonth 
#LGBTQI is normal natural #humanity
#tolerance
#science
Go Kamala!
Conversion Therapy is inhuman and in violation of basic human rights. Thank you for stepping up to help the LGBTQ community.
thank you for putting effort toward ending this barbaric practice! #inclusion
This is a criminal theocratic act that the right wing knows is wrong. When was the last 'Conversion Therapy" tea party March on Washington?Liar's or Cowards?
TY. Conversion therapy is a cruel practice perpetrated by paranoid & ignorant heterosexuals. It doesn't work anyway, you can't "fix" gay.
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris, for moving to ban this cruel practice. As a proud Californian, I appreciate your heart!!
You should include a ban on autism conversion therapy, popularly known as ABA. It's just as bad if not worse. Oh, and also 100% ineffective.
I agree - how can you convert people who are already converted many times. However the practise is not terrible for those who know it is bad
Perhaps look into the "indistinguishable from peers" pursuit of ABA on autistic children. Analysis is one thing, dog training is another.
bravo!
Mr and Mrs.  Michelle Bachman will be so hurt! 
THANK YOU! 
One heartbeat/impeachment away from the Presidency: #Pence
It's toture
This Gay Desert Storm Vet from Atlanta, GA thanks you!
Thank You for Your Service Kenny
It was my honor! Now my fight is to keep Captain Pus*y grabber from sending any more of my brothers/sisters to die for his ego or ratings!
What a sad statement
You volunteered, and Thank You
This is what a progressive looks like. Well done senator.
Until the  pouty ass progressive  purists go after her for not throwing the book at Trump's treasury Secretary, because bernie...... smdh.
Don't you know? Prog purity ponies are all about getting the W nowadays. They're willing to overlook things like t-vaginal ultrasounds.
Well done.
Applause!!!
I wish you were a politician in the Netherland, We're far away from banning this horrible crime against LGBT's
OMG @SenKamalaHarris you better run in 2020 You have my vote! THANK YOU FOR BEING OUR VOICE! XO
Terrific!! No conversion, ex-gay therapy isn't cuz there's nothing to "cure." Does harm!! Glad to see your effort!!! Great 100+ days!
@SnowBiAuthor I went through 7 years of conversion torture. And I'm still bisexual.
Tragic that a ban is required, how can it not be a given? Why does the right thing have to be mandated? Damaged people damaging people. #sad
Conversion therapy is a human rights violation and should be treated as such.
What is the name/number of the bill? And thank you for being the people's champion!
Thank you Kamala! I will try my hardest to get my FL Reps to sign on. This horrifying abuse happens in my state, too. It must end!
The effects of conversion therapy are really horrifying.
Thank you for your efforts. This is a ban that is actually needed.
We need to use this therapy on #Congress. It might not work but it would be fun. #ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussia #MarchForTruth
I hope you want to run for President in '20. We need an able, capable woman. You fit that bill. My wife and I will support you in any way.
I'm so happy and proud you are my Senator!
That's horrible but I do understand why. But I will forget I read this and let's move on.
Thank you.
Thank you for this
But seriously, thank you for the victims of this horrendous torture.
To bad it doesn't work.  My hopes are dashed that Pence and Trump could be converted into decent human beings.
Thank you with all my heart!!!!
Thankyou!!!
@TheDerpWagon yes, that's messed up BUT get your head on #RussiaGate and the minority treasonous prez!
Thank you Senator Harris!
Yeah, my mom used to beat me, for my own good. I still turned out shitty.
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you!!
Thank you
Thank you. So many innocent people are harmed by this systematic application of torture techniques. The homophobia and hate must to stop!!!
Conversion therapy should be tried in on @VP Pence. He needs it desperately to be human.
Yea
TY
Thank you!!
Thank you!
"In an effort to end conversion therapy, the 50 Bills 50 States Campaign was founded by Samuel Brinton on December 1, 2016."
Not to be confused with conversation therapy or meditation to leave desires behind.
Thank you
What a waste of time. Who cares? Talk about something that involves all of us not a tiny % of the population. Gas tax, the 2A, jobs, etc.
Banning of free speech?
Thank you! I'm traumatized just thinking about anyone having to endure it: sounds like torture. Not an acceptable form of therapy.
hat is off to you for trying! You'll have big trouble in the Deep South. But agree it needs to be illegal.
Thank you, Senator Harris!
Strange that you want to stop "conversion-therapy" but are fine that CA taxpayers are stuck paying for this.
Pass it quickly before Pence is president due to trump resigning in disgrace
@WomenG4Hillary our VP supports this horrible horrible cruel practice.......SHAME. ON.  HIM 
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris this is torture plan and simple and we must put an end to it.
Plz @costareports @HallieJackson others can we arrange for Pence to be asked about his support for this bill?
VP Pence I'm sure didn't take this well since this moron believes in it.
Thank you
You rock, Senator Harris! 
Thank you!
Bless you!!
Add it to the list of reasons I send support to you from all the way on the other side of the country. Thank you.
Thank you!
Thank you!
Thank you.
Thank you!!!
As a licensed social worker, THANK YOU!!
Thank you so much!
Didn't I read that Pence in college went thru conversion therapy? Claims it saved him! I think just pushed him & others further into closet
That is much too logical
Thank you

Thank you!!!
thank you senator!
Thanks 4cosponsoring this! It is essential youth grow up not having 2battle internalized homophobia! (There is No 'sickness to repair).
Thank you!!!
'..a homosexual..it is nothing 2B ashamed of,no vice,no degradation;it cannot B classified an illness' -Freud(2mom who wantd gay son changd)
Thank you!
Thank you!
It works! Anyone who wants to be gay can come to my gay summer camp. You'll be gay or your money back.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
And thank you both for taking steps to ban this practice. As a gay man, I appreciate your support.
Thank you for protecting LGB individuals.
Ooooh... Milo will be pissed 
From a proud gay man bravo to you.
Thank you. Brutal and Terrible approach and has never been proven to work. One of Pence's projects. Never sure who is worse
Conversion-Therapy being psychological treatment or spiritual counseling, to changing the sexuality of a person.Your bill will prohibit.....
this practice by therapist if passed.Also that therapist should be charged for Consumer Fraud ,as well prosecuted. Sen.Kamala Harris, of CA
Thank you!
Stay on them, terrible practice!  Thank you
THANK YOU!!!
the fbi likes it so there is nothing you can do
Thank you for your efforts to ban this disgusting practice.
yay!
Thank you, @SenKamalaHarris
Thank goodness
Art.
Thank you Senator Harris!
Thank you.  Nothing makes me miss having you as a Senator more than #progress
Thank you.
Thank you, Senator.
yea thats too bad. Maybe if you didnt allow the fbi to pick the president we could have done something about that. Next time.
There are parents injecting their kids with hormones without their consent like the ones rejecting their homosexuality? Wow, fill me in.
Let me guess another person who has no knowledge of science acting like they do? Try 5-alphreductase deficiency, SRY gene, etc. THEN talk

Excellent! Good job.
Thank you! Good work. Now get #SenateIntelligenceCommittee moving faster please!
Thank you, Senator Harris.
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris!! @PantsuitPolitic @hellbentpod
"Conversion-therapy” isn't therapy at all. Today, I cosponsored the first federal ban on this terrible practice.
Thank you! Loving the leadership you have been showing!
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris 
Thank you! And @SenWarren !!!!
