#readacrossamerica #DrSeuss Grab your hat and read with the cat.
https://www.redbubble.com/people/cottonnerd/works/25505886-dr-seuss?asc=u …
you are what is wrong this country.  Stop inflaming the crazies.
The leaders of these marches are Marxists who admire a cop-killer Marxist. Shame on you for supporting them!
Supporting a cop killer, eh?  Don't ever talk about morality to us again,  you have no standing.
You're just another loud mouthed, left wing hack on the make. Obama in drag. You'll blow yourself up with your whacky positions B 4 long.
Sounds like a bunch of misfits getting together for a little drug moment !
to support a cop killer is beyond my belief that you represent me as a Californian you disgrace me as your mentor obama sad
Are you next in line for the FGM that Women's March supports? Will you let Linda cut you? Would Willie approve?
I don't understand what we're fighting for & why now & not the past few yrs. We vote, work, hold office, are CEO'S. Help???
You wore white for WHAT? what is it that you don't have? are you afraid we will stop you from slaughtering your own babies?
you race baiting cop hating criminal watch your 6
Have you not considered that there is defacto sharia limitations to women in Europe b/c of failure of Muslim assimilation
never-harris.
http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2017/jan/17/pro-life-women-banned-anti-trump-womens-march-wash/ …

I'm sure you'll ban these people, which destroys your "hear your voice" motto to "only your voice."

Do you go home at night to sew pink vagina heads for your ladies? Your family must be proud.
Go after Sessions.
Thank You!!! I think I see my letter in on of those tubs!!!;-)
can you please move to Arizona we are in desperate need!!! my daily calls to my senators go unheeded
where will that bring us.. I will tell you . If you all keep it up.. Civil War.
Wow! You, my dear, are a true whack job. Really nucking futz. Civil war? Over Trumpty Dumpty? Fool.
and we are more than thrilled to have a PATRIOT in office. but you all keep on being ugly & full of hatred.
YOU need to knw YOU DO NOT SPEAK for us out here. YOU DO NOT! We are HAPPY that the traitor is done destroying our country!
Done? He is just getting started. Only a few weeks in and he is a failed Prez. He hires Russian spies!
sad that anyone would have to stop you from that but apparently that is how far into depraved evil you have gone.
then hear my letter! you women are making the vast majority of us out here very ashamed these days.
@IndivisibleTeam thank you, Senator!
@IndivisibleTeam Dolores Huerta, Angela Davis, Tammy Duckworth, Gabby Gifford and many more
Senator, you are going to need more of those plastic bin things. #TWWUSA #Equal
Love yr pic of yr postcard tub.  Does someone read them and log the comment somehow? Is a return address important?
You looked  poised and strong during the speech last night! We believe in you! #resist #indivisible
I'm in PA and enjoy imaging what @SenToomey's mail looks like. He's sure heard from me more than once!
Thank you, Senator!
bahahaha. I think all of those are mine!! 
We've have been sending @SenBookerOffice and @SenatorMenendez letters, too.  Would love to see photos from them!
Yes they did a great job showing America what kind of people you all are. Nasty. They would be kindest thing I could say.
"a few" haha
We're counting on you Sen. Harris. Fight on!
maybe stop persecuting women trying to make a living and spreading moral panics about trafficking, then #backpage
You mean the Women's March where one of the organizers supported Sharia Law? That Women's March? #WomensHistoryMonth
Thank you from CA !! @SenKamalaHarris
what a waste of time. You fight for what we already have. You should fight for something real
what the hell are you fighting
@RevJJackson SO IT IS WRITTEN SO IT SHALL BE DONE#
what's the message from the letters. what are you fighting for?
we need another
I think I see mine!
If I haven't sent one, I should have.
Awesome! I don't see any of mine in the photo, but I've sent a few.
Who are your readers? I should have said.
I have never been trafficked or worked for anyone! My body, my rules. You just drove the endangered to more danger.
We count on you. Just don't go into the Pelosi's and Schumer 's swamp.
Wow, thank you for sharing this!  It makes us see how powerful are collective action is. #WomensHistoryMonth
 beautiful!!! 
Why fight against your fellow country men and women when we could all work together for a better country?
We're counting on you!
Thank you ♡
.@SenKamalaHarris love to see that Kamala
I'm so happy you're my senator.
