Be careful, Scaramucci is looking to have the entire staff whacked!!!
Have you seen this? I know 45 has family interests in human trafficking.  I just wonder how many others...

Suppose to repeal and renew BETTER!!! More Trumps habitual lies hope they enjoy working at McDonald's
Thank you Senator.
Its DONE!
Consider it done. I don't want to have to tell my mother and aunt that their health care will be going away.
Now here's your coffee to get home safe!!
Thanks, Senator! Watching the proceedings on Periscope. I hope all bipartisan chit chat is about how to #WorkTogether to fix #HealthCare!
wake me up when they send the fluffers in to service mccain. :)
@SenKamalaHarris I think I speak for many of us when I say we will stay with you through this and as many campaigns as it takes.
Vote vote fix
Thank you Kamala for all of your energy, trying to keep the Republicans in check. Thank you for all your hard work.
Thank you for all that you do for us.
Thank you for your LEADERSHIP on all matters Senator Harris!
Thank you, Sen. Harris, for your strength and perseverance.  We're grateful!
Stay strong! We're behind you 100 percent.
You did great tonight Kamala. I'm so proud that you're California's voice!
#Kamala4POTUS2020
Not one of them could imagine the betrayal of only 51 votes and bullied into signing a death bill!
Work the floor. Grab Rs and ask them to make history. Work with you on new bill. Break this cycle
Thank you, Senator Harris!! What a tense night!
We did it! Don't give up! I flipping love you guys fighting for us #SkinnyRepeal was a disaster and likely to be dangerous, WHew! Thank you!
WEEEE DID!!!
Fight the good fight. Lives literally depend on it. #SaveTheACA
No way should this get through people will not forget those that threw us under the bus!!!
Maybe if ya'll worked a full 8 hrs. it wouldn't take so long. When in session you should have to be a desk the whole time. Things would get
@ActDontReact Still hanging on.
I don't have medication for the anxiety or depression it is causing me. No lie. I've written, called, etc. This will kill us.
I know, my blood pressure is up. I got angry talking w Sen. Boozman and Sen Cotton DC staff today. Not how I want to live my life. #hell
SOOOOOO PUT PRESSSDURE ON THEM!!###TWITTER CALL WRITR WHAT YOU WANT FOR AMERICANS
Well done Senator ! 
Come on Ladies of Sen. Those of us with Cancer are depending on you! @SenDianeFeinstein, @SenSusanCollins, @lisamurkowski
I was listening and watching. Thank you!
Thank you bunches. Great job, Sen that voted NO. Cheers 
I am watching and waiting with millions of others to find out if our health care will be in jeopardy. Thank you for fighting for us.
Thank you! I got you sis! 
N.California, stands with You, Ms. Harris ...
Sen Harris please make some noise with this nonsense. We are counting on you
We are watching you on C-Span2 in CA. With you all the way!!!
Thank you for everything you are doing!
Hang in there Senator! We stand behind you every step of the way!
Watching on c-span. Thanks for voting for Senator Murray's motion to send the bill to committee. The right way.
Stay strong and smart, we are depending on your best work to keep destructive ill-conceived bills from becoming law!
There are Compromises to be made. How well would it serve a Senator to serve ALL of their constituents?
Serve an entire group of people. Republicans and Democrats!!!
Do me a favor Miss Kamala. If u get a chance, remind your colleagues that none of them won with 100% of the vote. Remind them that they.....
Thank you for fighting for the people and for standing up against the Republicans skinny repeal.
It's a late night every night for many who work two jobs to make ends meet.
out here in Californiawatching! Counting n you, thank you!
Call bullshit on this whole illegitimate government.
WE ARE WITH YOU SENATOR! 
You are actually going to do some work?  #Surprise
It's shortly after midnight. You're about to vote. We have been with you every minute. Thanks for fighting for us.
Fight it!!!
We are awake and with you.
Thanks Kamala. Whatever the outcome of Senate health care vote is, we know you fought and care.
Update: 16 million ppl (including me) are about to be kicked off of our insurance plans. Goodnight.
@SenKamalaHarris  senators (most) are NOT medical providers nor educated in the field. Get clinicians involved in this. Ppl who DO this!
We're with you!!!! Thank you for fighting with us!!!!
I'm very worried!
Stand strong and shame those bastards into doing the right thing.
I'm so disgusted by the GOP my stomach hurts. Thanks for your efforts. We will not forget those who fought for us
Thank YOU, Senator, for your commitment, courage, and conviction!
Any word? I'm really scared here...
On a side topic circulate re marijuana laws
We are here with you!
What about the $788 BILLION border wall bill the house just passed? These MEpublicans have lost their minds!
We're watching C-Span right now. Enzi is pretty boring. Staying with you!
Stay faithful.... and keep chanting.....

It’s time to pan
the kick the can
health care plan

Thank you Senator
#midnightmassacre
Thank you for your diligence for #America!
Senator, go get some rest. Your input and vote is inconsequential. The GOP is in charge of this vote.51 and Obamacare is done.
It would be so much simpler to fix the #ACA, but that was the black guy's program & we just can't allow that to stay. Sorry America!
fight hard, try to amend..stay strong we are with you..#resist..
Hang in there, Senator.  I wish someone could knock some sense into your colleagues.  Thank you for your service.
Stay strong!
We're with you, Senator Harris.
Ryan's word is absolutely worthless. I think Senate GOP knows this.
Stay strong
This is sad McConnell Dr of death doesn't give a dam about anyone but his  benefactors filling his pockets this is a black eyes on the USA.
Please speak reason and truth. These GOP senators need to stop. People will die!
As a healthcare worker in CA I implore you to actually speak 2 physicians N the healthcare industry. U will learn that O-care is a disaster
We are with you!
Thank you for representing the people
Thank-you, hang in there! We're with you!
Defund Planned Parenthood!



You might as well,go to bed.  Not going to change anything now.
Would you tell Blunt to set down and shut up. He's destroyed  Missouri . Thanks for all you are doing.
With you all the way!!
Thank you! Fight the good fight!
I have worn my fingers out on @botresist Sent so many messages I'm an elite member. Twice today. Might be time again. #Resist

The extent to which GOP debases itself for Trump underscores their complete worthlessness and must cement our resolve to end their reign.
the moderates always cave
Keep fighting, Senator!
@SenateGOP and @HouseGOP are passing the same flaming bag of excrement back and forth, each hoping the other will be the 1st to stomp on it.
Thank you for fighting!
Please keep fighting for us. I'm not too proud to beg.
Thanks in advance for your NO vote. I am so proud that you're my Senator!
I.  Love.   You.
Someone will have to do a pancake or omelette run!!
We're here!
Stop calling it healthcare.  You should have called it Deathcare from jump. Wake up
I for 1 will be actively working against  reelection for Rethuglican candidated who r supporting this travesty clown show
I have faith in you
Thank you for all you are doing,
Keep at it lady
I am afraid.   All they care about is screwing Pres Obama legacy.  The @SenateGOP do not care about their constituents
We're with you, @SenKamalaHarris
Thank you!
WHAT IS GOING ON AND WHY IS THIS INSANITY HAPPENING IN OUR COUTRY?!?
So much anxiety right now for my family! I'm disabled and my healthcare will hurt us if taken away
I'm a pre-existing condition and we are a military family ...why are you doing this to us??
Hopefully this GOP clown operation will trip all over themselves and make bill go away.please find allies to create fixes to ACA.
The cost increases in this bill could trigger a recession then what will congress do Absurd!
 Thanks for staying up!!!
Thanks!!!!!
You got it. I'll be up.
Can't you all deny consent and block this disaster?
Thank you for all you do.
Heavenly Father please wrap our leaders in your Loving Grace, give them the strength to stand up and do
 #TheRightThing for our Country
consider that this insanity is below what California should be and we should become a free and independent people!
I'm staying with you all the way! My husband and I watched UR. debate here in Cali and voted for you! We're in SBNF, Crestline, CA.  You!
Hang in there, Senator.
Its appreciated Ms Harris! 
Barely breathing.
Please. For the Love of God. Go to the floor and go the Hell off. No more Mrs nice Kamala. We got your back. Lay the smack down.
Thank you for being a guiding light through this darkness!
Keep fighting for us.
I called and left you a message because I support everything you're doing to stop the Republican healthcare bill from passing
I you
Thanks for fighting!
We're watching and tweeting @ 'em! #hanginthere
thank you for fighting against the repeal!
Kindly pull the fire alarm and hide the gavel.

#ProtectOurCare #FreedomfromHealth
Thank you Senator. I'm so proud of you.
Always with you. Good luck!
Please get them to #VoteNO on the #SkinnyRepeal! Thank you!
We are waiting!
#RepealTheGOP
Maybe you should take a look at this, as to why nothing will change my Friend
Give em hell!!!!
@PrincessBravato Thank You for all you're doing 4 us Sen.!!
Why are you actually working or just grandstanding
Thank you @KamalaHarris , We love you and how hard you are working for us! (And I'm in FL)
Anyone who votes yes should assume it becomes law. We hold that standard & they must too. didn't elect Ryan to the senate.
Why not?  I think I've had @cspan on since 11AM.  As a 59 yo self employed breast cancer, it's D day.
I am so sick of the @GOP and the pig of a POTUS
Thank you for your service and for fighting for us!!!
#wethepeople qill watch take names and vite you

 out not to worry we Will vote our #criminal party

 home
Get some protein & hydrate. We need you to stay healthy. So does your family.
Thank u.  I love that only women have the courage to go up against Trump. We have your back  
Up there with you Senator.
Thank you Senator. I appreciate your hard work
hang in there Sen. Harris! We need you!
Why don't you update on how all Dems voted even against the single payer option tonight what happen isn't that what you Dems wanted
I just called again. Paul Ryan didn't give Lindsey Graham what he wanted regarding to Skinny Bill. Vote no
Here!
We're with you Kamala. If this passes, things are going to get really bad on many levels.
Hang tough. It HAS to be more exhausting for you being on the front lines than for the rest of us, and it's pretty bad out here. Thank you!
I feel your pain.  This is like the mad tea party in Alice in Wonderland.  Leader M is the dormouse!!
Kick some a$$...thank you to everyone that truly is standing up for us all #Resist
Stay strong kamala!
Really proud of you Senator! Texas Senators are the ones with tin foil on their heads so I appreciate your help!!!
Watching on cspan. Good luck, and ty for working so hard for us regular folks who need the help.
They think we aren't watching at night.  We are.  Go get 'em Kamala!
Thank you Senator and future President
Couldn't keep us away
Pretty much a given you will oppose this... Why the fanfare? And when you gonna endorse #MedicareForAll @JordanChariton
Try thinking. The logical answer is as soon as it would benefit her politically to endorse that position.
Funny because by all political weather maps that time is NOW
Stay strong Senator and drink lots of coffee! 
We stand strong with Kamala. I am thsnkful I live in California where dems are loud proud and in charge.
me2!!
We're with you!
We're with u Soror Senator! Thank u for your service!
Thank you!
I don't know how you're all dealing with this. It's exhausting just on this end. Thank you. Save the ACA.
Thank you for working for us
Thank you for fighting. So proud of how hard democrats are fighting for all of us.
Go Kamala! Be the force you are meant to be
I love you, Senator Harris. Thank you for fighting for people like me.
Do not leave ur seat for any reason so they can't sneak it by u
I am so frightened right now.   This is unbelievable that we have to go through this.
Thanks for fighting for us! We are with you!
Walk out or be labeled as a coward who let our country fail
Can probably just head home right?? It's not like they give a shit about what anyone thinks anyway. Whatever it's worth thank you
thank you 
Thank you, Senator Harris -- you've been a tireless advocate for all Americans; we're lucky to have you! 
You have our support. Keep up the good fight and Thank you for your service. 
I'm in this for the long haul. #pacifictime
Stay strong,  Senator.
Fight for us Ms. Harris. Please.
Tuned in & on standby in your home state California. Give 'em hell @SenKamalaHarris Rally the votes against sham of process & bad bill
Thank you for fighting for us!  We are with you!
Thank you, senator!  Obviously, we need more strong voices like yours!
Why are you even there ? if it was a great bill you will vote it down.
No TrumpCare
Think Single Payer!
@ToddYoungIN doesn't even want to talk to us. It just goes to a machine.
Thank you for keeping the public informed when the GOP want to slink about in the shadows.
@ethomas3915 talk some sense into your repub colleagues.
