Offering citizenship as an inducement for military service is disgraceful...
Why?
Because we aren't a country of mercenaries, or at least we shouldn't be... If you're a Globalist, no bid deal
Earning citizenship through service is not being a mercenary. It’s the opposite.
Serving in a foreign military for a reward... doesn't get more straightforward than that.... Would they serve w/o a reward? Of course not
Bad enough that some U.S citizens join up because of the benefits...
And subconsciously, this cynically leads the civilian leadership to think of our servicemen as paid employees... hired hands
Perhaps. But to some extent they always were.
When's it going to matter?At what point does it all come crashing down?How can anybody concentrate on anything else, knowing he's a traitor?
Well said. ...we need to stop normalizing this
We all HATE Rump we hv 2 n rid of that psychopath asap and psychopatj #2 Pence and Cabinet from hell can't take any longer
While in the military they should not be deportable. Once they finish their first contract they should be given automatic citizenship
This I agree with, but also make the path & plan for them to become Naturalized Citizens
Why is it that you always have to be so very negative, following 100% of the Far Left Wing negativity. You are a better person than this
I guess I am Trumpster since I support the President of USA. I see only 1 "right" taken away (Transgenders in military)
So do not understand this enormous fear of loosing civil rights you speak of.
Absolutely if ever there was a path to citizenship, serving is a shortcut with a guarantee of further education.
everyone deserves respect
Then why did you oppose me accomplishing my assigned mission when I was in Iraq?  Stop lying, liar.
And what assigned mission did the senator prevent you from accomplishing, Cynical? Rather ironical you support a draft dodger. 
And crickets. You run away from even non god related topics.
Also only 1/10 of 1 percent of DACA recipients have joined the military.
@indivisibletxjc @politico congress and @realDonaldTrump need to protect all DREAMers @TXAFLCIO @JoaquinCastrotx @MSNBC
DOD reports approx 900  Dreamers serve in our armed forces.  That's .01 % of the dreamer population. No question the 900 earned citizenship.
Is there anyone in congress who opposes dream act? I haven't heard of any. When will a vote be held? Don't let a bunch of bad amendments in.
I saw the ones who were naturalized and the ones who never completed the process. It's their own fault if they didn't get naturalized.
We need a new immigration reform for all. Don't get me wrong the dreamers need support but those married to American citizens do too!!
See EO 13269.
They all deserve respect. We should also end the wars, but that's another issue...

Derrick Gaffney This is an absolute lie. In 2014 the Pentagon expanded the program to include DACA recipients.
Blame Nobama for not getting this situation right.  Try pointing the finger there first
America again rewarding laziness.
So if you want to become a naturalized citizen the system is in place. They just have to get off their butts to do it. I saw it happen.
Only in the military? How bold! -Facepalms-
Congress should make them citizens.  Hispanic Americans have received Medal of Honor http://www.cmohs.org 

OK so enter illegally then avoid deportation & gain respect by pledging to receive housing, steady pay and  training? #Sweet
They've been enlisting for years. This isn't new. Many have died for OUR country. Respect.
Some have already been deported!
You the .001 % of the "Dreamers". Spare me your BS kamala.  How's that Potomac fever these days?
Veterans die & commit suicide daily Veterans cannot get timely medical, help! You are self centered using this to serve your one way agenda
I'm sorry, but they should not have been allowed to serve. If they served then there should be a law to make them citizens
Yes, all 900 of them. But their service does not translate to  the 799,100 dreamers that refuse to serve in the military.
Where are you getting your facts from? Some of these dreamers are youngsters still in high school.
DoD
Damn. F*cking. Straight.
Hell, that should be a fast track to citizenship
If you want permanent visa serve 5 years and get a green card, or self deport. Great idea 

#DACA
What! Second time I agree. We need immigration reform and secured border. And civil servants or military service should earn legal status.
Kamala Harris for President in 2020/ Joe Kennedy for V.P.
Absolutely! Then pass a law letting them all stay. Don't let executive action substitute for you and your colleagues doing your job.
Typical leftist. Use an extreme case to make a casual point. What's the rate of dreamers in the military? 
Same is true for those who complied with all of the DACA application and renewal rules. #DueProcess
1. This came about during the Regan admin. days. When he granted amnesty in 2016 he those male who qualified had to register w/ arm services
That should read 1986, NOT 2016. The male recipients 18 and over had to sign up. Those who did, were called to duty during Bush43 Iraq war.
900 of them out of 800,000 tell the whole story grandstander Harris
The constitution says otherwise!!!
Those who have been elected @POTUS and @VP deserve to be not elected again
What about the rest? Only crime was coming across a border in tow with their parents as minors.

Deport them like they should
My dad an Italian immigrant was sworn in as a citizen prior to deployment overseas during WW II. Dreamers serving the US deserve citizenship
Exactly!
Pandering to low info's at its finest.
Isn't that a promise we already made to them? Why aren't we keeping it?
Check who is in the WH and you'll have your answer.
I couldn't agree more Senator! If you serve in the U.S. military you deserve citizenship!
True!
That's not enough ! Protect all the Dreamers!
Good lord such drama
They deserve to be citizens.
How about we protect ALL Dreamers!! #ProtectDREAMers
Let's not make exceptions and not deport any of them.  Get this law passed giving them citizenship and stop talking about it; just do it.
Yes!
less than 1,000 "dreamers" serve in the military
Thank you, Senator.
Jus n the military..
Thank you, Senator Harris! Regards from NYC..
I think when they serve they should automatically be given citizenshop.
Or citizenship.
An then anyone who testifies against El Chapo. Should be granted asylum and witsec..
https://twitter.com/siia_us/status/905121105924456448 … @SIIA_US, why not support legal kids too? #S281 @SenMikeLee #justice4legal #70years wait is inhumane
Who will advocate for #Dreamers of LEGAL, tax paying #immigrants stuck in 70 year Green Card backlog #Fairness4Legals @SenatorDurbin 
How does military service not come with instantaneous automatic citizenship?  That would just seem logical to me.
Even the Roman Empire made soldiers Citizens for serving in the Legions. That's basic fairness.
The Dems should protect all dreamers from this house of evil lead by this despicable 45 'thing' in the WH.
I know something has to be done.
Protect 900 out of 800000. A lot rhetoric for .001%
You could try letting go of #AUMF, then make your own decisions about how to "respect" the US military rather than let Donald make the calls
This must be made up?
As an immigrant who earned citizenship through military service, I can't applaud this enough...

Me^^: taking Americans jobs in Baghdad 2003
They are. You can become a U.S. Citizen upon completion of Basic training or Boot Camp.
What about THE REST OF THEM -- you know, the ones who DON'T choose to help fight US wars of genocide?
I dont understand why illegals would join the US Military.....oh wait, maybe because they think they wont be deported!  Not.
I can't even believe this is an issue.
If you came home from work and found a family had moved into your house, you have every right to kick them all out.
I'm a Vietnam vet, why is this draft dodger screwing around with the Military anyway! Remember Texas, Florida, American territories
America's immigration laws deserve respect by those who come here.  Don't disrespect us then ask for favors. BTW, less than 1% of DACA serve
They deserve CITIZENSHIP for serving and putting their lives on the line for the U.S. It's a NO BRAINER! 
And it's not the law, so bitching about Trump doesn't change a thing.
2/2 I served in Armed Forces (Army) with always giving respect, and in return I was given respect. A different TIME ; but RESPECT is RESPECT
#DontDeportVets
Beyond belief.
.

Respect yes

Why did you @DNC lie cheat and

 make them illegal hust for their

 illegal votes 

How cruel

.
As a veteran, I support citizenship to those that serve this country and are honorably discharged.
everyone deserves protection, military service should not be a prerequisite. your heart's in the right place, but this is a weak position
She's one of the main voices for the Dream act so slow your roll.
i didn't realize you were a veteran
Neo Cons & US war Mongers are creating a new Class of Slaves to Go & kill innocents for USA in Far away lands b4 being given Citizenship.
then naturalize them all. problem solved.
Oh? You mean the non citizens. I agree. Serving in the armed forces should be a fast track to citizenship. Nothing for illegals though. Nada
U do realize that 'nada' is a non-English word. U r a phony patriot & unAmerican. Do u sleep with Steve Bannon? #TrumpChump #MAWA #bigot
NONE of the dreamers deserve deportation. cmon
5:33pm @SenKamalaHarris,Again I like your Outfit worn, with seeing you vote early. your tweet (notification)5:13pmCT. My EYE, family,TRUTH
2/2 I served in the Armed Forces(Army) with always giving respect; and was respected in return.A Different Time, but RESPECT is RESPECT.
8:00pm CT. @FOXNEWS @TheFive, @SenKamalaHarris  Watching
9:00pm CT. @CSPAN U.S. House of Representatives,Watching @SenKamalaHarris
9:06pm CT. @CNN Tonight With Don Lemon,Watching @SenKamalaHarris
10:00pm @CNN Tonight With Don Lemon, @SenKamalaHarris
11:00pm CT.
How about protecting all #Dreamers ?
Sen. Harris wants to do that via the #DREAMAct, which everyone should tell Congress to enact quickly: https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/senate-bill/1615 … .
DEPORT ALL ILLEGAL ALIENS
Stop sending them and everyone else to endless imperialist wars. That seems to be the most respectful thing to do.
Remember to tell that to Bernie and Warren. Don't take no for an answer!
Trying to ask Sanders if he will support Rand's amendment to stop endless wars in Afghanistan/Iraq #NDAA #EndlessWar https://www.pscp.tv/w/bIbQBzI4OTU4Mjd8MU1ZeE5YZHlCWW9HdwnkPAaTBOv3Z3gvNNAZuXHTtg__NsdEDgnllT-aXwSB …
Why only in the #Military ?....sounds selfish
This proposal covers immigrants who are in the military under the MAVNI program.
Sen Harris wants to protect all Dreamers via the #DREAMAct.
For details on the #DREAMAct, which everyone in the US should tell Congress to enact: https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/senate-bill/1615/text … .
Unlike @realDonaldTrump #DraftDodger wth Phoney BONE SPURS who Can Golf While ENRICHIN himself While RAPING th TAXPAYERS Deserves No RESPECT
Anyone, and I mean anyone, dreamers, trans, any of the lgbtq, hetero, black, white or any combination thereof, should be allowed to serve.
