I'd love to see Democrats advocate for a childcare subsidy all parents as well, on the model of Germany's kindergeld.
Low income and high income families almost get the same amount. It's not efficient at all! Invest that money in free education and care.
Not mutually exclusive. But we have nothing to subsidize middle class childcare in US, and in states like mine it costs more than rent.
There are at least some childcare programs for low income, though I'd like to see those expanded. There's no subsidy for at home caregivers
The kindergeld system is very outdated. Someone who makes 10K/month almost gets the same amount as someone who makes 1K/month.
Sure. I didn't literally mean "let's do kindergeld." But we have NOTHING in the US. It's just an example of a place to start, that's all.
Fair enough. When it comes to public care the US seems to be behind a decade or two so you got to start somewhere, best of luck!
Way more than a decade or two! We don't have any child benefit at all, and our childcare is wildly expensive. Literally more than rent.
Get on board with Senator Sanders. Its time!
Get Ivanka on it!
Ivanka will take credit for it AFTER they do all the heavy lifting ~just like Daddy & the jobs reports, stock market, etc. #TrumpCrimeFamily
We need a Department of Paid Family Leave! More government regulations! 
God forbid moms and dads want to stay with their newborns
God forbid ppl take responsibility for themselves and fashion their lives to accomplish this and don't rely on the govt
I dont get how ppl expect poor people 2 behave like idols compared to the middle class and higher. We all sorta have the same tendencies
Why are poor ppl having kids? I genuinely don't get it. I understand birth cont/things happen but I mean poor folks that do so deliberately.
Well my guess is the slight natural drive to reproduce but poorer ppl usually have more kids. Due to sex ed access to condoms/Bcontrol
I hear that! Health dept used to be 1.5 mi away fr my poor neighborhood. Now free bc req a long bus ride. Plan Phood nearby but not free.
Thanks for the nice "debate"
Thank you for standing up for Americans everyday.
Did Republicans get the memo???
Yes and we MUST also stop electing #Corporate democrats.  We want REAL REFORM candidates who hold town halls, rallys to reach voters not $
For all families
@gamora_78
Everyone who works has the right to just and favorable remuneration ensuring for himself and his family an existence worthy of human dignity
Kamala Harris/Joquain Castro 2020!
@KayeDeeDidd @SenGillibrand Don't forget the unemployed, disabled, gig economy workers, contract workers. #BasicIncome
Meanwhile, Dems like Sen. Harris and Gillibrand are trying to help people.
America is behind virtually every other nation in this regard. @SenGillibrand is truly working to #MAGA with a bill like this!

So, Russia has better Family Leave laws than US? Sad.
Some of the best in the World, along with China. Very sad.
Thank you! I went back to work in a very snowy February with no sick or vacation time left & my 3m/o in daycare. It was incredibly hard.
Who pays for this?
Agreed, we are the only industrialized country in the world without it, Europe puts us to shame.
If one employee in a company with 5 employees takes paid leave, it could devastate the company. One in 1K, no.
The bill favors big business?
GM @SenKamalaHarris @SenGillibrand #Thanks for your continuous help to my fellow human beings though law didn't protect me @CambridgePolice
My sons father had to use all his vacation up to have any kind of "leave" back in 2003
California just passed something like this. 

It's great for those who need to take FMLA.
How about you work on getting some water storage for all of us in California????
Yes much needed! Thank you!
So happy to already have this in California I have used more than once!! #kamala2020
Would it still only apply to larger businesses? Women employed by smaller businesses still don't have maternity leave :(
That's what savings accounts, vacation time, and PTO are for.

Blah blah blah blah
Please please please run in 2020 with @joekennedy!!!
@SenKamalaHarris and @SenGillibrand would make for an amazing duo in #2020. Just saying.
Just more benefits until we go bankrupt. Sounds like fun.
Yeah, US is SO poor, that it's the only country in the world w/o family leave and the only developed country w/of universal hcare. So SAD!
It just hastens bankruptcy, people just aren't going to learn until PIIGS and Japan start defaulting. Greece wasn't enough, clearly.
Greece had other issues. Didn't bankrupt because of family leave or hcare. Paid pension to dead ppl for decades and so on. Cultural things
Yeah they went bankrupt because they spent too much for too many years, their debt was too great. Does it matter what it was specifically?
Well if you use it as an excuse not to have family leave, it matters. No hcare, no sick leaves, no family leaves. Great use of tax money?
We waste tons of $ on stupid stuff. It's just that no politician cares until the hammer drops. No political pain for offering free $$$$$
Why didn't anyone try to block the 1.6bn they stuck in a spending bill last week to start that  bullshit wall? and why does no one care?
What about allowing sick days for caring for a sick family member/ child?
appreciate her bill. Curious though, are there any men in Congress that care about women's & family issues?
I can't find in the Constitution where you have that authority, can you help me out with that ?
I would suggest family leave act - the trump family should leave the White House
I couldn't take time when my mom was dying as it would have been unpaid leave I am with you Senators! Lee fighting the fight
Great initiative, someone's actually thinking about American families and their challenges.
Understood
let these R's get on the book obstructing family leave..you know, for families
I benefited twice from California's paid family leave and thank goodness!  My family would not be here today if not for this humane program.
And if a company can't manage without employees are you going to step in?
Can you put your weight behind Adam Schiff's new bill about getting rid of Citizens United?
Where is @IvankaTrump on this...thought this was her issue?  As usual WH admin is absent...
Yes!!!
Absolutely
FMLA restrictions should be reevaluated, too. 1250 hrs or 12 mo working. Hurts new families,millenials.   Retaliation not strong enuf either
Didn't Bill Clinton pass that!!!!
Got it wasn't paid leave
Absolutely. You democrats love spending other people's money. We should just pay people that don't work at all n solve all the problems
I see you're piggy backing on Trump's agendas.
Does it guarantee your position after you return? I can see companies complying and then demoting/punishing.
@ManuelSillas5 @SenKamalaHarris @SenKamalaHarris @MariaCeleste @elba_guera @RuthShepersky1 @just_b_girl @SenWarren @realDonaldTrump
We need to hold DCFS accountable for referrals that are not investigated properly.  Our children are being murdered. THEY'RE concern FUNDING
Amen sisters. Paid family leave should happen now
YES! Sen.Kamala Harris your tweet (notification) secs ago while I was posting a tweet for. Sen. Tom Carper of DELAWARE, TRUTHFULLY
More welfare!! Stop it
This is so important, birth mother needs time to recover and bond, father/partner needs to be there in support. It's past time for change!
@SenKamalaHarris @SenGillibrand 2020!

Who's we?
If you could get it enacted prior to Sept 30th, that would be great :)
No! half of America don't want this. Remember the Government shutdown against Obama. Budget cuts. Democrate Keep legislation simple for now!
Why dont u actually read the bill the employee and the company have to meet halfway.
Always giving away the goods with no thought 

Didn't your mother http://tell.you  ANYTHING 

Work first
YES
We must!? Typical authoritarian left.
Let competition of employers mitigate the problem instead of government Intervention which is Infamous for making things worse.
Read the actual bill first
What is it exactly that I'm missing? I'm assuming you Read it...
Well its not even much of a taxpayer thing its the employee/employer meeting in the middle and the employee has to push first.
You're right has nothing to do with taxes,  has to do with companies having a finite amount of money and having to make financial decisions.
Does this cover anyone caretaking 4 a dying sibling? Where can w find the entirety of this measure
I agree
How will it be funded?  Who pays for it?
The black woman can't have a family because her black man is being incarcerated 10k per 100k. How are you gonna help black males?
They can't help themselves?  You need @SenKamalaHarris to do it?  
