Why isn't this mentioned more?
How are there enough red state voters who thinks this is okay? It's so bizarre that they're willing to take this in the name of Trump.
Wait until it hits their door steps and realize they all got punked..

Suckers?? I didn't vote for this SOB
It is a healthcare bill written by people who have never had to chose between food for their family and insulin for their child.
Thank u for keeping your eye on the ball and your constituents informed. Proud Californian.
Please tell me you'll be questioning Don Jr.
OMG Please!  I'd give my firstborn child to watch that.
Why do they need it? GOVT HHS says #ObamaCare #ACA NOT collapsing & going strong. News shows best year ever!  Evan called Trump a liar 


Obamacare marketplaces just had their most profitable first quarter ever

https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/wonk/wp/2017/07/10/obamacare-marketplaces-just-had-their-most-profitable-first-quarter-ever/ …
Kamala where is ur bleeding heart for all of those Americans that have lost their care because Obamacare is just too costly! Hypocrite!
Which also defines the @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @realDonaldTrump @SenMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @jeffsessions etc
Yet @KellyannePolls defends
I'm so grateful you're staying focused on "health care"-- you are a light in what seems like a very dark world right now.
But Kamala is against Single Payer healthcare? She's a part of what keep this world dark.
One step at a time. Stop GOP bill, fix Obamacare. Single payer seems like too big a swing at this moment. In my opinion.
People are dying. People are going bankrupt. Single Payer is the solution to Obamacare.
Why do they want us to die?
To them the lower classes are redundant and should be liquidated. We are useless consumers of food water and oxygen.
We know the truth! Rise ABOVE
Just tell us about your
Investigation how did you scam along in Cali and when are you testifying Kamala. Oh ah.
The GOP leadership agrees it's indefensible. Why else did they concoct the bill in secret w/ no hearings or opportunity 4 Dem amendments?
Its going to negatively affect alot more than that!

It's more of a (Go eff yourself) plan !
and what is your plan to fix the imploding Obamacare?
but... compared to the imploding Obamacare it is at least a start
If this type of thing is allowed in our Gov. then our claims of being the greatest country is mere hype. We demand answers. Now not Later.
This furthers the trans national .1% goal of eliminating the 85% not needed to service the robots by 2030.
it's amazing how much the Republicans do not care...sad
Yes, the "we-don't-care-unless-you're-super-wealthy plan"
#Repugs never had a plan Seriously, they didn't!
KAMALA!!!! Im so proud. I turned a rep n2 a left leaner tonight by playing utube of u w/jeff sessions! 1 more & i get my toaster oven right?
I'm not paying federal taxes if @SenateMajLdr passes this bill.

If he wants to defund everyday Americans, I'll defund him.
Kamala, then how come you're against Single Payer healthcare?
Absolutely indefensible.
Am an OH res, but want 2 TY 4 standing 4 us all. Those of us w. chronic ills have lost enough; don't let #GOP take our #healthcare & future
Another favorite I've come to follow...our female leaders are pretty incredible. And keeping us fighting! Thanks for all u do!
Trumpdeathcare
Kamala makes the Kool-Aid AND drinks it.
It's a tax cut for the rich, funded by cuts to medicare, medicaid and the ACA.
Its borderline genocide
They will take millions of people's healthcare away and then, ready for it? They'll blame Obama for no one having healthcare.
Fight, Resist!  We need leaders like you.
It harms even more by having the 4 profit insurers of wall street on the exchanges. Why are they on the exchanges?
GOP and people who vote for them don't really care about anyone but themselves... it's that obvious.
It's a health care profit bill. Changes nothing about health care other than possibly cutting staff to up the profits. Pure greed.
It appears you don't have a good understanding of who is actually on Medicaid
Oh I know one person who would try to defend it. Somebody re-hydrate Kellyanne
Republicans are clueless
@GOP @SenateMajLdr #healthcare stance is that ppl will care about their health because they won't have any healthcare 
you are right please fight and do what ever you have to stop this and Trump's picks
At this point the GOP isn't fooling anyone with their repeal & replace to help America. Just admit, you want all of our dough for yourself.
Despite the pleas and protests  from their constituents.....#ObamaCared #ACA #GOP
They will try to force it down our throats.
Capitalism by default does not care about workers. Why should they? That's why I'm a Liberal
It's actually mass murder.
Yes it is no matter how they want to spin it!
Like obama care was ? It was an entitlement for benefit suckers.
And you just lost 50% of your August Taxpayer paid vacation. Damn GOP!
Why don't the @SenateDems & @HouseDemocrats ever mention the 300M Americans who will lose all of the protections of #Obamacare? 
So much...
Fuzzy math! CBO score doesn't consider already Medicaid eligible, & those forced to purchase.  Only 11mm covered now how did you get 24mm?
GOP will change the way Congress votes to repeal Obamacare & replace it with anything. ACA marks their failure to obstruct Obama legacy.
You ready to #HoldTheFloor if you have to?
This final plan will be the most vile yet, and will pass with unanimous GOP support. Trumpsters will be first and worst hurt, 2 dumb 2care
/3 so we may see single payer come to fruition - @NancyPelosi & other "trueblue" are driving the party under - time for change for people
& since the @DNC is also playing politics with peoples lives perhaps it is time for another party that is for the people
@gop @senategop Ms. Harris they do not care if they harm people, bottom line is the dollars they are saving the 1% - vote anything but GOP
Thank you for not backing down on this important issue.
You make me want to move to California!!
Oh yea.  The health care plan? What about the wall ???
@tedlieu @alfranken 
Pls tweet legislation that is being passed amid the chaos. SNEAKY @GOP .
Thank you. Good Bless
If you're going to dictate the terms of people's healthcare, you should have to take the Hippocratic Oath just like a Dr. 1) Do No Harm
Why doesn't the GOP just mandate euthanasia as the hallmark of their plan? It'll save them time, and even more money.
Let's take back America by creating Jobs by investing in small businesses,green energy, and affordable education for all who want one.
Let's take back America by providing all Americans Healthcare. No one should go bankrupt in order to get medical care in this country.
Let's take back America by working to rebuild relationships with other countries+forging peaceful alliances.
It's "wealth" care, not "health" care.
It's A Republican Tax Cut For The Rich !!!!!
You are very impressive. How did I not know of you before? I thought I was paying attention...
The GOP shows disdain for a certain class of "whites" as they have with minorities. Their health plan is the evidence.
The surgeon general should score the bill and issue a warning of health hazards
It's not a "plan"....it's a tax cut for the wealthy. 
This is the political rhetoric that Antifa needs to justify violence.  Shameful class warfare.
GIGO is here effected, since you deflect from how ACA was SO BAD, to get there u pretend Barry can lead, sing, and hit dingers, and NO WAY!
That seems like a revelation from someone who yet neglects how Super.Ct. and USDC conduct no lawful discoveries, IN MY LIFETIME.
It isn't about health care for them. It's about peeing on Obama's legacy.
Oppose AB 243 big beef.
It was known ahead of time and the Democrats can not communicate clearly enough with people to do a damned thing about it. That is pitiful.
And how is a Democracy supposed to work now.
Correct.  It's a tax cut bill.  A wealth transfer bill.  An income inequality enhancement bill.  But nothing about health care, to be sure.
And all of it isn't about Healthcare or Climate Change, it's about wiping out the legacy of Barack Obama, because he's "Black".
you should back #SinglePayer in CA then. Put your weight behind #SB562 and help your constituents and the country.
Where do you get your numbers? From the Fake News?
The ACA also isn't a health plan. It's an insurance plan and thar means trying to limit care and maximize insurance profit. #SinglePayer
So bloody proud to follow you!
If you think your ideas are so terrific, then help the Republicans solve the problem caused by the Democrats!That does not mean single payer
It's more of a let the poor die plan.
Unlike the Un -AHCA forced on us by Democrats that has already collapsed in several states. Give us the respect we deserve & help the Rep.
@jhiattsteele its not a health care plan,  CONald Trump's plan is a "WealthCare Plan".  Sad!
Wealth care funds, in part, will be diverted to GOP campaigns for 2018/2020. A generous thank you very much expected & will be delivered.
If you substitute the H for a big W, it all makes sense. It's a wealthcare plan.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS Kamala Harris for President!
...and why would a party like the GOP care considering fact they have no conscience ? Sociopaths.
Truth Dems continually use people to make money Including Obamacare why are they not on Obamacare it's so wonderful force politicians on it
Truth is it's a select few that want or need Obamacare and they cannot afford it most of the time that number is closer to 8 million not 22
keep hearing 22 million it's not truly 22 million recently it has been said now 27million the people on the forced Obamacare can't afford it
The GOP could benefit from Spocks words of wisdom:

"The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few or the one"
Dear Kamala, is it too early to ask you kindly to please run for president? Lead us out of this nightmare. Thank you very much.
It's false advertising...it contains the word 'care'.
It's a "health careless" plan!
The end of Rump Deathplan was McConnel throwing woman out her wheelchair onto the floor
@jhiattsteele Why even call it a healthcare plan. It's an "insurance care" plan that allows us to then obtain healthcare.
My brain read this as "The RUSSIAN healthcare plan..." So, obvs, correctly.
But hey wait those .04% control 99% of campaign election $, and few bite hand that feeds them
But think of the stock price.....

It's Wealthcare. The tax cut is its purpose.
just the price of 2 votes & you can kill 22+million people-what a deal. Contact all your congress reps-say NO/tell yr story
Are ppl really going to die?  I am scared!  I don't want anybody to die.
If another country tried to do this to its citizens, we would object on human rights grounds. #ACA
STOP THEM.  IMPEACH INCARCERATE ALL I MENTIONED.  IMPROVE ALL BENEFITS IMMEDIATELY.  PEOPLE ARE STRUGGLING TREMENDOUSLY
Thanks for all you do!  I am afraid this is what will happen if Republicans have their way!
Please read my earlier tweet about the damage this plan already causes. TY
Mitch McConnell is thanking Don Jr for creating the latest diversion
so he can sneak his Trumpcare bill in through America's back door!
Look around the rest of the world has single payer . It's cheaper because insurance companies are like tapeworms eating the $ meant for HC
The American dream lives in Canada free healthcare Cheap universities allows families to aquire wealth and maintain assets 
To pass on kids
As a Canadian who has had cancer surgery chemo and shit someone over sixty just gets   my house will be left to my son without med bills
Stop with the class warfare mantra. If you don't remember over 300 million Americans had healthcare or access 2 healthcare before Obamacare.
It's imposible for a profit based healthcare system to provided a balanced inclusive healthcare That why the rest of the world dropped it
You're right! This isnt a healthcare bill at all. It's a giant taxcut for billionaires like @realDonaldTrump. @DevinNunes voting blind #CA22
So is spending more money than you take in till you're bankrupt. So is the fact that the ACA is falling apart.
In several states it's doing just fine
It's just a tax cut for the 1%
How do we stop it? We are calling, writing, tweeting. How do we really stop the majority of both houses and the President from doing this.
Go to single payor like we have here in Canada
@jallnet12   The GOP has become a traitorous Death Panel.
I, a CA voter urge you to support Single Payer. If Warren can do it, so can you.
Since you are such an Expert at writing Health Care why don't you put some Skin in the Game and come up with something.
Love You and respect your work. Keep fighting for minorities.

Call 202 224-3121 follow the instructions. Leave a msg. Switchboard open 24/7. 
TEXT 50409 for bot to send free faxes
#TheResistance
I can only assume you're for having all of us on the same health plan as congress... or no, because that would be unsustainable like #ACA is
Voting you out !!!
So how many of the 22 million teenagers chose not to want healthcare?
It's a tax cut for the wealthy on the backs of the poorest and infirm because they already raped the middle class.
It is deathcare
If you really wanted to help people, you would fight to get government out of health insurance. Regulate medical costs...
It's a gift to for profit insurance companies. Single payor and end for profit in our health care
The GOP health care plan is just a WEALTH CARE PLAN
Hey @SenAlexander & @SenBobCorker  Do you know how to say NO?? Now would be a good time to say it, or lose your legacy and all respect in Tn

It's shocking how the liberals, long since consumed by leftist, have willingly and gleefully aligned with Islam
Ask Charlie Gard's parents how the like socialized medicine.
There you go again lying to your constituents and other Americans.
Some people still don't see how much harm this Senate wealth care/ health killer bill will do- bc they are not on an ACA plan, as I am.
I never seem to get an answer to this question.  How is it legal to write a (large), tax cut for the rich in a health care bill?
The new bill repeals tax increases for the wealthy introduced by the Obamacare bill to support obamacare's objective.
Was it really 11% though?
What really TEES me off is GOP in the House had a WAIVER in the AHCA so they KEEP OBAMACARE for THEMSELVES!

Source:
Congress waived themselves off of Obamacare too.
Thank you for your passion and determination!
Always Fun at the Ball ,  Home Run Derby Winner (Judd) New York Yankees ; representation. WATCHING #FLIX  (PPV) Movie Enemy at the Gates.
http://www.cnn.com/2017/07/10/politics/pence-limbaugh-health-care-days-away/index.html … so you are saying the VP just said the "BIGGEST HONOR" of his life would be to take 22 Mill off Healthcare? Wow!
Heartless, soulless creature dressed in a man's body.
It is a tax cut for the wealthy. 

PERIOD.
You're a bad representative
How many did Obama's "Health Care" plan hurt?
Screw those people, right?
So you don't give a shit about the 300 million who can no longer afford ins and have it cancelled under ACA?You don't represent the people.
Keep fighting!
Then what's your plan? Other than single payer. How about offering a solution instead of this continued "resist" only attitude.
I thank you for telling it like it is. 
Tell them the whole thing Kamalai
Next time that kkk man comes 2 testify  get n his ass Again and don't let him dodge the questions..BTW u did a great job!! Keep it up!
These creeps wanted nothing2do w/ANY "Healthcare" bill. Their "Repeal&Replace" bluff was called when DT was elected; default2 tax cuts 4pals
It's wealthcare for fat old white men! Repugnant!
#Trumpcare is garbage! Give to the rich take from the poor/middle class
Deathcare
#ResistTheSOB Keep your filthy little hands off ACA
Where were you when millions lost insurance because of Obamacare? You care nothing for the taxpaying, legal citizen. Venezuela ain't utopia
actions speak louder than words we ALREADY KNOW with out ACTION words are DEAD 
it be nice if some one told us something we do not know like when is #ImpeachTrump going to happen before after the usa is NUKED 
Wealthcare. We take care of those who need it least ...
Fight for us
#MedicareForAll
Don't let @SenateMajLdr get away with this. This is not what our country is about. Officials are elected to represent us openly not covertly
AGREE! It's a tax cut for the rich!
#repealObamaCare!
That seems to be the American Way. At least to the GOP
Not "health care" they meant "wealth care".
Absolutely Sen. Harris
...Republicans.  Let's ditch the partisan politics and do what's right for America! Starting with you Senator Harris.
If that bill passes it will be the the Health Care System for all the people in America, not just for people that voted for
It's a Republicants don't care bill
It's not health care it's a tax cut.
Please call it what it is.
It is technically a pile of fester maggot filled poo being labelled as a health bill. On thing is, labels don't stick to sh!t.
True, Kamala. Neither is the California Democratic Party suffocating Single-Payer with a Neoliberal pillow when they have full control.
That legislation is no more "Republican" Health Care than the ACH is Obamacare. Let's call it what it is. AHCA or BCRA.

No #TRUMPCARE
Yeah Republicans hate poor people and minorities.
I received an email from Trump healthcare replacement soliciting response for quotes for medical coverage.  Odd
They had 8 years. They just don't care if the American people alive or healthy or fed or housed or educated or... #Inners
It's about money and shifting money to the chosen few it has never been about people for this bunch of GOP Thugs
My 2yo son has autism. We pay @cigna $1000/month for employer backed plan.this will wreck us.We have to buy in to $250/month Medicaid rider.
Please try to get your GOP counterparts to see this! So many are ignoring or arresting their constituents! Thank you!!
Trumpcare=willful neglect
Your missing the Trump Jr train! Get on and lay down the law! We need you to rip him apart in committee! Good thing you will be there!

#Truth
#25thAmendmentNow 
#Resist #KillTheBill 
#NetNeutrality
Flake 202–224–4521 Cassidy 202–224-5824 Capito 202–224-6472 Collins 202–224–2523
We are with you!!!! #Kamala2020 #Harris2020 
