A lot of young legals are questioning why they they have to struggle for a future because the govt only cares about the illegals future
What about TAXPAYERS and their college age kids. Strapped with huge student loan DEBT. Why should DACA kids get free stuff? right! Votes!
Young people are terrified of this administration, period.
It's not just young people, any decent person is terrified of the old, evil, racist living in the WH. An insult to all of America.
I just think they are terrified because of the dismal approval rating of Congress and it’s dysfunctional officials.
#KamalaHarrisPresident2020
Trump told the Dreamers to keep dreaming...
Send themback
They are not children. They are adults that will savagely turn on you so fast your head won't have time to spin.....
I live in Ireland you are such a pro! please keep going keep making people accountable... until you reach the top #trump
Gee where was Obamas answer? He said it was Temporary but he sure as Hell didn't fight to make permanent neither did Dems reflection lie
Call 406-333-7491 to connect to one of our key congressional targets & demand they protect immigrant youth by co-sponsoring clean dream act.
America 1st and illegal aliens go back and come the right way
This is disgusting to lie to the #DACA children
The parents are disgusting for throwing them over the border to fend for themselves.
So you take it on the children ?
Answers are simple Trump killed Obama's illegal exec action Now its up to Congress to pass a bill No bill, no DACA #LessLibsMoreLiberty
Young people are afraid of you you corporate shillpic.twitter.com/CvdUTTsmQA
Keep repeating their names and pictures and campaign for whoever runs against them.
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris for pressing in this extremely important issue! #IStandwithDreamers #DefendDACA Congress America demands you stand behind your promise
I'm actually "terrified " because of California lawmakers disdain for taxpayers
2020 your the perfect vision for that year
Break the law go to jail..... so what's wrong with sending illegal aliens back to there home land ??
Senator, don't let these people off the hook. I can't believe this is happening in America. ICE runs around like they are the Gestapo.
You mean deporting illegal aliens so pretty much you mean cops doing there job to up hold the law of this great land yep it's about time!
Hola kamalita como esta. Mi senadora mas bella y amorosa te deseo. Mucho
The ball is in your court Senator.
.@fema Get army transport planes to carry people to states on the US mainland #PuertoRicoReliefNOW
Thank you for consistently using your voice of strength and reason to defend the most vulnerable people in our communities.
NO ILLEGAL ALIEN DREAM ACT
We need more Democrats who have the guts to represent working folks instead of rich, corp interests. If tax bill passes, we're screwed
This illegitimate administration wants everyone fearful or angry. Better yet, both. They have earned their rubles.
Our President won the election so only thing "illegitimate" here is the people breaking the law and not going to jail for it
What the hell happened. You actually treated her with a little respect. Are you sick?
You mean ILLEGAL young people. Too bad Obama broke the law when he signed his EO.
So what changed here?pic.twitter.com/WwhQNTV38A
US citizens R terrified u r in a leadership & proved 2 not care if they get killed or raped by illegal aliens right @SRuhle
Sis pulled out receipts!!
#daca watch your back, don't do prison labor, teach your kids, protect your assets, trump wants your real estate and your labor,for freepic.twitter.com/xOZgHb7hCn
Daca watch your back
Throw them out with their parents !!! No DACA!!! Get out and return through proper Channels. F them they have no respect for US laws!
I know you will work hard on their behalf. Thank you.
God Bless Senator Harris for Fighting for these Kids
And we know.. its ALL ABOUT the illegal immigrants for you. https://youtu.be/FlsTdo9E5Fg 
Pure pandering. And if the government made this promise, it is one that shouldn't have been made.
Point of order Senator! The admin's actions in regards to North Korea have been also been terrifying.
DACA is an insult to the legal immigrants who followed the legal process, disrespectful to law abiding individuals
Answers.... yep the wait continues
@SIIA_USpic.twitter.com/36cAFZ9fpN
pic.twitter.com/Y78mTCicqj
You are awesome. Absolutely impressive. To have the document with you, oh yeah - fierce!
Avg 25 years old people
we CLEAR that....nevermind
You get them girl! I'm looking forward to the 2020 elections.
Ask Alabama Slim! Him and his trusty 6 shooter will ...... uh, forget that. He did not know what DACA was. They don't care. That simple.
Young people could care less, that's the problem.
The Law is the Law . Very Simple FOLLOW THE LAW.
Answer: don't expect special treatment for breaking the law.
#NoDACA invite them ALL to your house if you care so much. Pay there tuition personally don't steal from my grandkids
The heartless people in DC could care less.
Is kamal a US citizen! With the extensive crimes that happened under obama! She may be another rush to citizenship! Need to know more!
pic.twitter.com/R5T6XmfWfI
The administration ended an unconstitutional executive order. If you don't like the administration's actions, introduce legislation.
Honestly I’m terrified for the whole government right now.
The #DREAMACT can be fixed easily to protect child of LEGAL immigran too or #H4DREAMERS as shown by @David_J_Bier :pic.twitter.com/yWdC0Bv1YQ
In other words, another amnesty. Just one more then they will fix broken immigration laws.
American youths are not terrified. The $135 billion spent on DACA would go a long way to improve American youth lives. US kids need answers!
We need you & Congress to focus first on citizens, not illegal aliens. Do your job or get out of Congress. We need tax reduction, ....etc
How are young people terrified. You mean illegal aliens should be terrified, but they aren't because they can do anything freely.
once again..a total lie
well, then Obozo should not have done it. it was unconstitutional to begin with - his fault! DACA needs to end. #noamnesty #deportillegals
Senator Harris doesn't play. On behalf of California, I appreciate your apt attention on DACA and the anguished young people who it serves.
I would be terrified too if I got caught breaking the law.
SHIP EM OUT! If you're here ILLEGALLY, you've been on borrowed time. You're outta here!
Not just young people.
Has to run for 2020!
Spoken like a true adultress. Thank Kamalayher your input not needed.
Answer...DACA was unconstitutional and was going to be stopped in court. Trump gave it a lifeline and a chance in Congress.
And also bc these laws don't work except to arrest the blacks ...how do these people still have jobs
What we all need is impeachment hearings.
Let's start with Harris, Waters, Warren, Schumer, Pelosi, McCain....all the hysterical liars. We can call it an idiot drain.
Stop the hyperbolic rhetoric. 1. build the wall & secure border 2. pass RAISE act 3. e-verify 4. no chain migration 5. legal status for DACA
Jamal’s people, illegals and criminals. She screws the middle class.
You've been such a strong advocate for the people. Thank you. #Harris2020
There you go again putting illegals ahead of American citizens. You're more concerned about illegals who get free education than citizens!
Keep up the good work! We need more people like you!
Young illegal immigrants* Thought I would give a correction. I'm young, and not terrified. (Also, there haven't been any actions, so quit.)
Dreamers are terrified by ICE Patients are terrified by ACA loss or collapse Naturalized citizens & Legal immigrants to have FB monitoredpic.twitter.com/Vzt6647weZ
All brought to you by our elite government.
And, she'd [Sen. Harris] like the answer by the end of the week please. Alrighty.pic.twitter.com/N3LdARoNiB
.. " Terrified and Divided " , just what " Putin " demanded from " Trump " , ingredients for birth of ..Killing Democracy, not so softly..!
Not just on DACA but on every single issue facing us.
We can sit and cry all day long...we can scream & holla.. Yet it won't make a difference for now...
Thank you for being a fierce voice for those whom this government is trying to silence. I appreciate your advocacy for America's #Dreamers.
Dreamers ???? O you mean people that are breaking the law
MIC DROP at "end of the week please"
. Wrong old buzzard breath americans and world look to America to be a nation of laws Learn the constitution and follow the laws Vote your criminal party home @DNC @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems .pic.twitter.com/HL3AFU0CnV
Yup, Trump is not above the law, good point.
Trump is creating fear & terror in U.S. from DACA to ignoring Puerto Rico to Muslim ban to NFL to North Korean nukes to Graham-Cassidy.
You guys let Trump exploit this country. I can't believe how lax the gov is in so many areas and we have nerve to call ourselves the elite
It's bad enough that trump's administration IS NOT keeping its WORD to the world; now they won't keep their word to TAX PAYERS! #HelpDACA
Thank you for standing up for these young people, Senator Harris!
By the end of the week! Like a boss!!
Get in line! How many jobs are your constituents losing to illigals? You want your constituents on welfare for life and dependent on D.C.
I would give anything to hear Kamala Harris question Jeff Sessions for 12 minutes. That's all I want.
You get squat. They are Illegal.
We need a different president.
YES, @SenKamalaHarris, just Now! TRUTH
3:00pm.ct. @CNN cont'd coverage, Anchor: @JakeTapper ; @SenKamalaHarris, (Family) TRUTH
4:18pm @SenKamalaHarris ,The U.S. Senate just adjourned knowingly until 3:00pm ET. on Monday, TRUTH
6:00pm @FBN FOX BUSINESS NEWS, @LouDobbs, @SenKamalaHarris, (Family)
You said it sister
We need a strong black woman - like yourself - in the Oval office. Would turn this country around for the better forever. #2020
Agreed. It won't be easy, but to win the top job never is. If she's up for the task, she can galvanize the people!! #Harris2020
Everyone ought to be terrified of this administration not just the young and not just because of #Daca
Of coarse.. no blame to guy that set them up.
Of coarse
Every time I see my senator, I feel a ray of hope.
Me too!
You Went Off!! And that's exactly what #DACA recipients need and deserve - a staunch, intelligent advocate like you! #Harris2020
