Obama tried to destroy #NetNeutrality too before the internet rose up and stopped him. This isn't a partisan issue.
I must have missed that - can you elaborate??
That's simply "Not True" he was a proponent of #NetNeutrality & fought for its reinstatement after a lawsuit by Verizon.
Only after he put his political finger in the wind. Before that, the Wheeler FCC was ready to create fast/slow lanes
Am I missing something in that article? No where in there did I see anything about Pres. Obama doing anything.
Learn how the FCC works. Chairman Tom Wheeler, previously a telecom lobbyist, was appointed to his position by President Obama.
Yes Wheeler was a one time lobbyist. However, his track record showed that in his FCC position he fought for & helped save #NetNeutrality
If you were right about his track record, why did #NetNeutrality activists block his driveway in protest?
Anyone who still thinks #NetNeutrality is a partisan issue has been lied too by an isp. If you're not in the 1%, you support net neutrality.
What about the people who rely on zero rated apps?
I... don't
see...
what apps or their ratings
have to do with this...
Zero rated apps refers to services that ISPs provide for free to users without counting against their data usage.
Okay. Good to know. Still doesn't mean they can censor the free internet.
But that's the point. Net neutrality has prevented mobile operators from offering such services.
Okay. That's really a non problem. If that's true, that kinda sucks, and I'm sure we could work something out.
But in no way whatsoever is that a deal breaker.
That's okay, it's worth it to put more $ in their pockets (and the big Corps who bought them). 
Wait, when did Trump try to push this?? And it's also some democratic senators are trying to push this to. You act lik the GOP came up with
Can we see the list of Greedy GOP who got paid by the companies who want this passed ??  @TuesdaysToomey
Propaganda again.  How many conservative sites don't load.  Has nothing to do with Trump. IDIOTS IN THE HOUSE. Look in the mirror
WOW. GREAT TWEET!
Thank you for fighting to preserve Net Neutrality Senator Harris. This keeps the internet on a somewhat level field for us. #NetNeutrality

Omg stop spreading lies
#Kamala2020
It did not load
I feel as if my senator has punked me. I hope when she's president she'll just punk Republicans.
Nooooooo this came up on my twitter feed again omg!!!! stooooop the spinning!!!!!
I was formerly under the impression that because morons got elected 2008 to plug insurance scams as healthcare, neglecting else, Trump wins.
Lol.
A statement with no facts backing it up doesn't make it true.
FYI this would also affect mobile devices not just computers
This gif gives me so much anxiety
Me too. When I retweeted, it took much longer than expected 
They are determine to drain every American for their own financial gain.
Obama admin also attempted to destroy #NetNeutrality if it weren't for a very vocal population. Stop bringing partisanship to this issue.
This isn't a party issue, @AjitPaiFCC was appointed to the FCC by Obama, both parties have a history of favoring corporations over people
It's already taking too long. Damn!
Wouldn't expect any less from the party of greed @GOP
That's awesome!  It would only be funny for a day to see the kids of this generation freak out 
The page will never load so that makes you a liar because you know it won't ever load.
You should follow John Oliver's lead and try to bring everyone together instead of separate them. Not all Republicans want this.
He must go, enough is enough. I am so stressed out :-(
Thank you for supporting #NetNeutrality Senator Harris! As a California voter I'm proud of you!
Very effective. Thanks. If this doesn't wake up regular people that vote Republican, I don't think they have a pulse or a brain!
Sen Harris, I know it's mpossible to believe but please please try. @GOP is Russian asset. Voting/elections rigged now. Trump=Hitler rerun
I was a bit wrong about wheeler, but pai is legit a dingo if he scraps title II protections.
Good one
Wanted to say thank you for continuing to fight for the people.
Holy shit this is President Trumps fault too? Damn that man is EVERYWHERE

I thought it was the cable companies rubbing their greedy hands together like hmmm we want more M O N E Y not the president doing this.
You could have rallied us all together or divided us along partisan lines....and you chose division. #AnybodyButKamala2020
Kamala Harris for President 2020 
Ah yeah, can't wait for CNN to milk this as well 
Please save Net Neutrality
This isn't a republican v democrat thing Net Neutrality was a problem when Obama was president don't push your agenda fight for what's right
Hey, stop trying to blame shit on us. We're just as pissed as you are.
http://borderlandalternativemedia.com/2017/07/net-neutrality-need-know/ …
oh whatever if Obama had way the net would be free
Fool. If the private sector does not have an incentive to invest in increasing bandwidth, the Internet is guaranteed to become slow.
Actually it's more of a democrat thing and trump loves tweeting so he has to be for net number
Lol  so true! #NetNeutrality
Help protect #NetNeutrality. Not good for consumers & would kill internet-based #startups who can't afford 2 pay for premium service.
Ultimately this would not be good for #innovation, business development,  #economicgrowth, or #jobs. Stop #GOP monetization of US persons.
I think it might be short-sighted to make this a small left/right thing.  The left seemed to be pushing for regulations under Obama...
If the federal govt gets control of the internet, the page will never load!
Okay, that's clever.
Great graphics... Brings the point home!
But I live in canada
Conservatives like myself and countless other don't want it either...don't point blame this is a universal subject
We need to GET THEM OUT before they wreck the whole country!
Lol look at yourself.
Fun fact-this page will load before we find a Republican hero in the Senate that will stand up to Trump.
Fun fact: both parties have not supported Net Neutrality in the past

I'm republican and I believe we need net neutrality.
I'm sure any of us on the internet do. This is a stupid anti-conservative comment as both sides have supported and despised net neutrality
Your comment isn't the stupid one btw. Hers is

Works for me with the Dems & endless discussion of Russian conspiracy tired of it very tired of it. Not one shred of evidence after 9 mos
A socialist using scare tactics on #NetNeautrality #NetNeutralityDay all I need to know to reject the idea. #netneutlaw @MIGOP
Nice!
Cost a small fortune to see anything but ads and promotional crap. This has to be contrary to the anti-trust laws about monopoly 4 profit.
Satisfactory Home internet will be $400-$500/ month
Home rates wouldn't rise. Publishers' rates would go up. Fox News could afford it but Black Lives Matter or Sierra Club might be throttled
HOW?
No it really wouldnt. service providers will jack up the prices and give faster internet to those who can pay for it.
You are wrong. Net neutrality is fixing a problem that doesnt exist. The internet doesnt need government ownership

Congrats on taking a ridiculously complicated legal/regulatory issue (type II classification) and reducing it into an "us vs them" jab.
Your tweets always seem 2 suggest that U R relying on followers 2 B UNinformed & gullible enough 2 believe such as this ridiculous GIF. SAD
the longer you wait the more I get paid!!! wutt, mic drop
Im still waiting
Time and time again, others get richer while we lose freedoms. It's disgusting. Why don't they have what's best for us in mind??

Stop them
Orrrrrrrr.... you could get a job annnnnnd... PAY for your own internet. What a novel idea.
Is this a bad joke? Do you really have no understanding of what net neutrality is?
Thats my mind trying to process trump being president...
TRULY hoping that is not case being  true, Sen.Kamala Harris,  still watching @ CSPAN  U.S. House of Representatives. 3:46 pm ct.

Very important FACTUAL UNEDITED LEAKED PHONE CALL
Are we going to have President Harris on January 20th 2021?
Thank God for you tube!  Dems and republicans alike should start taking in FACTS, unedited factual content WITHOUT being told what 2 think!
Dang it!  The second you tweeted that my internet crashed!  
Very truth, or he is twisting such.a Damn child. Hahahahahahabba
#Kamala2020
But ur OK with the following?.
Check out @ColleenJensen17's Tweet: https://twitter.com/ColleenJensen17/status/885173231543439361?s=09 …
Senator Harris don't give up the fight
I don't want to go back 3 years to Nu-telecom lying to me about high speed coming to my farm.
Good One!!  #NetNeutrality
Nice lol  Point taken

Republican Party always ready to line their pockets first and foremost 
Scamula harris.  Fake senator
Grace A shade from Senator Harris. Just proving again why she's a rising star and just the kinda leader we need right now!
Grade A. Damn autocorrect.
I am a constituent. We need an open Internet just as we need public libraries. Access to accurate info is vital for true democratic process.
That is straight up awesome! Love it! #NetNeutrality
That's the idea. Give the people what DJT/GOP want them to see only.
This gif is EVIL
IT STILL HASN'T LOADED YET
Yes, other conspirators working with those losers! Shows how far they will go to get these KGB members in place!
There it is.
OK. So you're goofin around. 
Stoooooop posting this lmao...its so friggin annoying... ok ok we will fight it !,!
You said we.... it's the they that needs convincing....
girl! They're getting g their way!!
