How's this for being smarter. Stop breaking the law.
Powerful talk on jailing women. A fair and just economic base is not where rich get richer, 1%, others poorer.
We should look at other developed nations that put rehabilitation first & against prison corporations that only care about the bottom line
Explain how 11 states in CA have been charge with voter fraud sofar*more people vote then people in that city n state?must be Russia?
U are a great role model coverup all years for Obama n Hillary n now u are Kabal member like crazy madonna n hollywood n Podesta
So, we should just release criminals? I don't understand how that's being smarter
so your policy is illegals Blm antifa prison people Ms-13 trannys crazy feminist snowflakes n criminals is that how u will win? good luck
Hahahaha yes @TheDemocrats do need to be smarter. They are imploding like Obamacare
Michelle Obama's school lunch guru indicted for stealing $$ from school lunch program Was she involved? #LockHerUp
crimes committed by women are as simple as being what they call an accomplice, boyfriend or husband is selling drugs, mandatory can be 25 yr
And yes believe it or not these men put their families in Jeopardy every day and I am not surprised when women don't know, they're screwed
Your man can be doing something illegal and you get in trouble for it even if it was Kept Secret from you
Equal opportunity for k - 12 and free college will likely reduce our enormous incarceration rate.
Yea, criminals are good, cops bad!!
Don't break the law, that is the only answer!
Yes, you need to be smart enough to get a job & work to feed yourselves & your children instead of committing crimes and getting locked up.
Yep.  Lock more of them up for false accusations and bankrupting fathers.
How much smarter can you get than Debbie Wasserman Schulz? She's the tops!
My state ranks #1 in female incarceration. I hope you run in 2020 Kamala!
@SenKamalaHarris  Talk to Susan MacDougal. She knows!
No, women in prison need to be smarter. It is PUNISHMENT for a CRIME. Not a vacation.
Well, yes, there's a lot to do. I hope all the involved people be Smart indeed
#Harris4Prez2020
Just ask those women to stop committing crimes! Study, get education, learn skill-get job! Yes, be smarter
Is she suggesting we do something like define be smarter, what does that entail?
Too many people are in prison when really, they need to be in a rehab center.
Truth! Thank you for advocating for those voices that are ignored!
she is the devil
They need to be smarter and not get themselves locked up..
Stop putting contractors in charge of our prison system. Money ensures those most vulnerable are in that pipeline to feed the greed!!
Maybe the incarcerated women need to be smarter and not commit crimes. It's really a simple concept
The problem is not how many women are in prison, the problem is how we deal with them in the prison environment.
We have to be smarter. That's it. No solutions. We have to be smarter. What does that mean.
Hope Debbie Wasserman Shultz is supporting you since she may be moving from the House to the Big House http://www.unz.com/pgiraldi/the-tale-of-the-brothers-awan/ …
We need to be smarter on a whole lot of issues
Go to CHOWCHILLA women prison and talk to the nurses!
A lot smarter!
They need to be smarter and not commit crime
Didn't you sleep your way to your position in politics. Don't teach the young girls that move. You jerk!
Kamala Harris has won 5 straight major elections & each time this is mentioned.  6 like Jordan in #2020?! @KamalaHarris #TeamKamala #KHive
@ChampagneWesle  is a bot.
@JWBraithwaite1  
is a bot.Block this fool
How about being smart enough not to break the law.
Mandatory minimum sentencing is one of the worst things to come out of the "war on drugs."
How about taking just one day to address the potential nuclear holocaust our idiot-in-chief is about to unleash on the entire planet...
Exactly why I volunteer to help other woman with addictions coming out of prison get to a 12- step meeting. Show them a new way!
Really? Talk about the wage gap. Women pop. 6.7% and men 93.3%. We jail too much period compared to the world. http://goo.gl/AVS5dz 
I do agree with you on not returning to mandatory sentences. Maybe talk about disproportionate number of blacks and minorities jailed....
Maybe blacks and minorities should stop committing crimes
People who commit crimes should go to jail.
I'm with HER. Hell yeah, Senator.
If you break the law you pay...you can't fix stupid
Smarter and much more exterior supervison
what bill of goods are you trying to sell us? don't tell me your considering running for president
Once we deport all the criminal illegals there will be lots of room in prisons. Spacious even.
Smarter and much more exterior supervision. So much is swept under the rug
What?? , in this day,  and age..?
And support each other!
Ur awesome! #smarter yes for all ladies! To be smarter! 
What is the definition of smarter here?
So it is our fault these women chose to break the law? How about they need to be smarter and obey the law. We do.
This is great-but the biggest issue in prison is PEOPLE who shouldn't be there at all. Men, minority especially, are the most impacted group
This is a forum dedicated to women.

The unique issues women face during and after prison.

The "ALL INMATES MATTER" meeting is elsewhere.
I was unaware of the context of the forum so no need for your retarded smart@$$ comment. I reject the "all" anything matters premise. Chill
I'm chill.

"Retarded" though? 

Also, at an event named "Women Unshackled." The focus is of course upon women. – at Atlanta BeltLine - Midtown
Just now, Sen. Kamala Harris, in these secs your tweet (notification) TRUTHFULLY, ,  5pmCT,   Tweet Always PLEASE; (Family)
I'm sorry, what are you saying?
@SenKamalaHarris 
So much talk, so little solution
So it's not a topic that should be discussed? Go off, Senator.  Keep speaking up! America has a horrible incarceration problem.  Tell em! 
