Thank you, Senator.
I'm jealous.
It’s tough because I don’t have anyone to complain to.
I spend a lot of time thanking other people's representation.
I saw Cornyn’s speech earlier and had to lash myself to a chair to keep from smashing things.
I flip him off every time he's on any screen.
Some of us are stuck calling him and Cruz to protest and hear their voices on their answering systems. It gets old.
They're just the worst. I've resolved to just fax them both, I can't handle talking to humans in their offices anymore.
You go girl CA counts on you.  From 90804
Thank you!!
I was so tired and slightly hungover when I contacted your office this morning and left a somewhat incoherent thankful voicemail.
They should do more late night stuff! That was fun! As long as we always win in the end. Good crying only!   
I love you,   but  *whom*  you represent.
Thank You Senator!
Thank you Senator!
Thank you, Senator Harris!
Love you
I beg your pardon.  You don't represent me
Thank you MS. Harris!
Thank you Ms. Harris. Good to have you with people of California.
Thanks Senator!
Thank you.
Thank you, Ms. Harris!--from Monterey, CA
On behalf of this person of California - thank you.
You make me want to vomit! All of you Senators make me sick!
Thank you!!!!!!
Awesome, we have to keep standing up to the Nazis and their Statist flunkies, exposed by the Russkies, in their attempt to save the world
Thank you Senator!
Thank you Senator! My dad's life depends on the ACA and that is not hyperbole.
You mean your bankrupt state...good job!
The people of CA thank you.
Thank you Kamala. I never doubted once that you would vote "no". I'd vote for you again. I'm so proud of you. Thanks
That is the reason I voted for you... a person that represents a minority in this country and who looks like me.
Thank you
Thank you for your persistent efforts, Senator. Proud to have you rep our state.
Yes!  Agree 100%.
As a person living in California & dealing with what would be called a pre-existing condition multiple sclerosis-I Thank You!
Thank you!
Thank you!
Predictable, this show is boring can we change the channel?
Thank you run for president. Please.
Who the fuck cares. Hope Cal-Exit passes. The rest of the country would be happy to leave Cali all to itself. The land of fruits and nuts.
I'm pretty sure that you only are representing yourself.
Thank You Senator Harris!
If you cared you'd fight for Medicare for All
Thank-you!
And thank YOU for speaking out as a first term Senator and refusing to be silenced by the "good old boys".
THANK YOU!
Now do the heavy lifting of fixing ACA. Start by dropping you and your colleagues in the House exemption from the ACA and defund your HC.
Thank you Senator Harris, you are doing a great job.
Thank you! 

(I'm in MA, but I am getting the feeling I may get to vote for you someday without moving out of state)
There's a shocker!
Thank you, I knew we could count on you
Thank you!
We're lucky to have you. Thank you!
Thank you, Senator Harris, you're doing great work!
You are awesome. 
Still a sellout
... and will watch the #ACA implode.  Good job.
Thank you Thank you Thank you!
Yeah
Thank you from the Beach Cities, Senator.
Thank you!
On behalf of the decent people in Florida, we thank you for your service and your vote, as well.

Wish we were there.....
Thx bae 
But the entire country appreciates your vote & your voice! <3
As of there were ever a doubt. We know you've got our backs!!
Proud of my Senator #ThankYou
Thank you!!!!
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you for having the citizens of our country's best interests in your votes and action this year
Trump must eliminate congressional exemption from Obamacare.
You made me proud! McCain Murkowski Collins did the right thing too. God bless!
I wish @RonJohnsonWI would have voted on behalf of his Wisconsin constituents. He- as always- voted yes.
If you run in 2020 I will totally support you
Thank you!
I don't live in California, but I appreciate your vote.  Thank you Senator.
You don't represent me!!! Not in any way, shape or form!!!
Why aren't any of you trying to fix our #homeless problem? We have thousands of Americans living in feces and vermin. ITS A PROBLEM!
Thank for all your work and supporting the people you represent. I appreciate it!!!
Thank you for fighting so hard to protect all of us.
I'm from Massachusetts but we appreciate your no vote!
Thankful and grateful
Thank you
Thank You!

Thanks for being for Americans. Sad when you have to thank a senator for being for Americans.
Senator Harris, What's your calendar look like for Nov. 3, 2020? There's a party I'd like to invite you to...
We are ALL indebted to you!
Thank you. I watched it on cspan. Girl, I see ya!
I'm in CA and mistakenly voted for you. I shouldn't be forced to pay for healthcare when I'm fully covered 20 mins south in MX for $200.
Thank you for all you do for us!!
Who would have thought McCain would vote with the Democrats. That was cool. You are Awesome Kamela!
On this one, thank you for representing us ALL, persisting and resisting until the very end!
Thank you.
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris. Grateful for strong Dem Coalition and stands from Senators Murkowski, Collins, McCain.
Thank you for voicing my concerns and ably representing our state.
Thank you Senator Harris.
And I thank you.
Thank you! #Harris2020
Thank you!!
Excellent
Thank YOU, Senator, for continuing to serve your constituents and your country.
Thank you very much.
Bravo!!!
WE LOVE YOU
Guess the committee chair who cut u off looks pretty stupid today-huh?  Graham introducing your bill about mueller
I love you Kamala! Keep giving them hell! We're behind you! Harris 2020!
Thank you. I will continue to vote for you when given the chance 
Whom I have...
Thank you senator @KamalaHarris 

and to @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins @SenJohnMcCain 
Thank you for putting country over party
Thank you!
On behalf of this little boy in Georgia with special needs, I am profoundly grateful to you and those who voted to protect his future.
Thank You Kamala!
Thank you! Senator, you've risen to every challenge and you represent your constituents well.
Thank you from the bottom of my heart. Californians know we are in good hands with you and Sen. Feinstein.
While I'm outside of California, I thank you for your leadership from the get go!
Thank you and all of the other Democrat Senators for your steadfastness to the American People.
Kamala i just wanna thank you 
Thank you thank you thank you
Thank you.
And now, we MUST address the underlying healthcare costs. Premiums mean nothing. $27k/yr in avg costs when median family income is $56k?!? 
Of course you note. For something you don't participate in or will pay for. Hypocric
Thank you, Senator Harris!
Thank you! Ur a patriot and a hero right along w/ @lisamurkowski & @SenatorCollins.Proud to have u representing me in chambers last night.
Sen. Heller from Colorado: On behalf of the people of Colorado-who I have the privilege to represent- I vote the way Trump wants me to.
Thank you Senator
I am embarrassed that you are representing California.
Thank you!!
Thank you :) You always represent us well.
On behalf of myself, I vote YES to you becoming the next President of the United States of America in 2020.
Gracias!
That is because you vote for your Party, NOT YOUR CONSTITUENTS! So tired of suffering under Obamacare!
Thank you!!!
Thank you
"whom"
My home state!  Thank you.
Thank you for your dedication,  and being a voice for all of us. Your tireless efforts are appreciated and paid off! Cherisse
I hope one day you will represent ALL of us! (Hint, hint.)
Thank you for vote & support of your constituents.
Thank you for always being there working hard for us! 
Thank you from Santa Barbara!!
Thank you.
Thank you!
Thank you. For your vote, and for your fight.
Thank You Thank You Thank You
Great now you own it
Thank you Senator
Thank you for standing for Americans.
Thank you so much Senator!!
Thank you senator Harris!

I wish you were my senator @SenKamalaHarris!
Thanks from a Georgian who couldn't count on her Senators! 
And I thank you from the bottom of my heart
From Virginia, this grateful mom of a child on the autism spectrum, thank you 
You are the BEST !!!
We love you
I knew you would. That's why you got my vote. Thank you, Senator Harris.
Nothing like voting to keep garbage.
THANK YOU,THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU  THANK YOU THANK YOU, NOW LET'S GIVE THE REPUBS A HUG & KISS & GET TO WORK ON HEALTH CARE

I live in california and i am ashamed to have you as my senator
@Venice311 In Cali we got nice weather beaches palm trees Hollywood Movie stars and KAMALA HARRIS 
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump Kamala Harris for President!
Thank you from a Hoosier
Thank you!
Thank you very much ms Harris. 
Thank you senator for making me proud to have you represent me.
Thank you President Harris :). Boy that has a nice ring to it :). Take today off.. maybe some golf?
Thank you, senator. I appreciate that you truly represent me and consistently make the right decision. Proud to vote for you.
Thank you for all your efforts to support us and keep us informed as to what was happening.
THANK YOU!
Please now come up w/ fixes for ACA.
@SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @ChrisMurphyCT @SenWarren @SenFeinstein now how can WeThePeople help #FixTheACA?Put us to work
Thank you
I'm not in your state, but I am hopeful I will get to vote for you in the next 3 years anyway!
I'm willing to help your campaign.
Thank You!!!

Thank you, Senator!
Thank You My Senator, I'm Proud of You for standing up for Millions of Californians and staying true to your Word #Resistance
Thank you Senator!
Thank you!!!
As a native Californian living in Maine I thank you for looking after my home state! We've got some good folks here, too.
Thank you for all the hard work
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris Happy you represent me!
The people of California are very lucky to have you. 

THANK YOU!
It takes no courage to vote the same way 70 % of your constituents want. Tweet when you vote for something the clapping seals won't support
Tonight you represented your country with honor, and we are grateful. Regards from West Virginia.
Thank you for your vote and for encouraging citizen opposition to this abominable wish to take away healthcare.
@LeChatNoire4 Thank you Senator
Run for president with Joe Kennedy.
OOOOOOH! Me likey!!! 
Thank you for representing us! I can sleep now.
Thank you Kamala!
Thank you, Kamala!  I knew we could depend on you!
you need to represent the people of the United States!!!
Thank you!
