Nancy Pelosi will not tolerate being interrupted on the House floor 
U should  ASHAMED of how U treat PEOPLE. But ur not and never will. Try moving out of the  State you live in and U will never get votes.
Americans remember well when Pelosi said let's pass the ACA and then read it. Bye Pelosi, and enjoy the millions that you have made,
I am a GOP man and I applaud nicki Haley , CONDI rice , every woman in a military uniform , a police uniform to include my wife!
Hahah, even funnier when retweeted by Kamala!
You helped Obama kill Medicaid for the poor , ask yourselves why am I losing , then ask the poor .. you don't care about anything but $$$
The party of hate is the Democratic Party , I watched that evil hateful rally you put on today , sick of the leftist liars , you give women
You are just a tired old BLACK PRIVILEGED  that  thinks U are GOD ALMIGHTY. But believe me you aren't. JUDGEMENT DAY WILL PROVE THAT.
@MattPalazzolo Can we make a show about @SenKamalaHarris and @NancyPelosi Slaying left and right in DC... @shondarhimes isnt busy rtnow...
Shade IS NOT an accomplishment!
Your bills paid with shade?
Doubt it.
But it makes great tv!
Which does pay the bills.
If she can remember it!
Dems need new leadership. She's almost to the point of being as incoherent as McCain.
Intellect you say? She doesn't even know Bush isn't President anymore, maybe it's just the alcohol!
I am sick to death of seeing you ladies disrespected. They need to understand their behavior is a testament to their character not yours.
So what do you have to say about Harris interrupting Sessions multiple times today?
@nancy pelosi doesn't Speak, she Babbles. Time for her to Retire.
In CA we are lucky enough to have staunch, intelligent, & articulate women represent us, thank you @NancyPelosi @KamalaHarris @SenFeinstein
What kind of weed are you smoking?
Noticed Sen. K. Harris consistently interrupts witnesses during their testimonies esp questioning AG @jeffsessions Tues. Very disturbing
You go Nancy-Wonder woman extraordinaire! 
I'm just trying waiting for to actually speak the truth. She (& you) wouldn't know the truth if it were right in front of you.
How about having her tell truth. My broken watch is more accurate than she is
Are you kidding you support tRump you wouldn't recognize the truth if it hit you in the face
@NancyPelosi 
She shouldn't be squeaking at all ! 

LOL. 

MAGA 
A bad reputation, you give all women a bad rap , no wonder we lose , it's because of the evil left .. losers
I am so sick of the GOP men trying to shy down women's voices 
You must not be watching what we all are honey
Clarify for me- you think the GOP isn't trying to shut down women?
No, they had to tell her to let the panel at least answer her questions. She kept interrupting them. It works both ways
You better stop using facts, dems absolutely hate those!
Seriously? She's a embarrassment to most calis
No one can stop U frm BELITTLING, DEGRADING, BULLYING, CRITICIZING, DEMORALIZING, HUMILIATING men and women of GREATER STATURE thn yourself.
Nancy wouldn't know the truth if it smacked her in the face
She wouldn't know the truth if it bit her in the a**.
She doesn't know who's President and the day of the week,how can she speak the truth?
Truth, surely you jest!
Ur BFF Peshitzy can't evn recite the TRUTH  doesn't evn know who the PRESIDENT is,'s so confused (1st sign o DEMENTIA) 's stuck in 2000.
We can only hope and pray she retires Soon!!  Term limits!!!
Add @SenJohnMcCain @RoyBlunt and @USRepLong long to this list!
She speaks her own truth, not "the" truth
Can't even remember who POTUS is
#norespectfortheofficeofpresident
Deal with it respectfully!
Keep going strong, articulate women. 45 is so far outmatched by you and we've got your backs! #Resist #Persist
She hung tough. Loved her look at the end. The republicans have no decency, no code of ethics. "They can't handle the truth!"
I DIDN"T KNOW YOU KNEW WHAT THE TRUTH WAS..OR FOR THAT MATTER THE DEMS. OR MSM !!!!
@3jindismay @NancyPelosi @nowthisnews   That is a Wonder Woman 
So proud of both of you strong intelligent women standing up for Americans rights. Thank you for your courage & dedication!
Nancy Pelosi can't even speak right because she's so doped up
When does she intend to start?
Yes, but who was the ass-hat mansplainer that ignored rules and kept trying?
Nice try, anonymous avatar tough guy, but the word you’re looking for is *babbling*.
Does it make you feel important pointing out typo errors??? Typical Liberal, whine whine whine....
With all due respect at this point in time she doesn't seem to realize what actual truth is and that is to serve the American people
the truth?  leftists never speak the truth.  the left is evil and a lie.  the democrat party is the party of the left.
The republicans won't say anything!!!
Preach!
Not retired Still 
Thank you Senator Harris for sharing that. It gives me hope that strong women like you and Ms. Pelosi R working hard for the American People
We're not trying to. Trying to get her to START speaking the truth. She seems intent on continuing to lie. Maybe you could talk to her.
Pelosi like most politicians doesn't know how to speak the truth.
#NeverShutUp
If she ever spoke the Truth that would be a pleasant change
Please tell me why she keeps calling @POTUS 'Bush' is she ok in the head ?
She doesn't  even know who's President
There is only one Kamala
It's the lies and alt-left biased we would like her to stop, Imagine if Trump had asked to call an investigation a "matter" she wld flip
You mean the shill who pushes McCarthy narratives?
John Faso is an embarrassment to my state.
Wow! The disrespect that is going on in this country is out of control. #Resist
Resist Pelosi, resist Harris!
But you may confuse her if you ask her who the President is or what day of the week it is.
@NancyPelosi should stop her drunken stupor.  Dry out.  Then, she might make sense.   But, I highly doubt it.
The master of interruption is @KamalaHarris. Never have I witnessed such rude behavior. Not tough, not bold, just very bad manners.  
You people don't tell truths. You lie and manipulate for your own gain. Both of you could use a good shrink
Someone needs to stand for the American ppl! The @GOP is NOT doing it! @GOP Stands w/ Wall St, Special Intr, lobby groups.  Sad but true
NO ONE is listening... she has done NOTHING!!!   Look at her work.. CA have more on Welfare then working!!!  Fact!
who wants to? she still thinks Bush is the president !  old as dirt, rich as hell and actively making the map #LESSBLUEIN2 not much red now
@SenWarren @SenFeinstein @SenSchumer Ladies, & Sir, please in 2020 lets have success in putting one of you fine ladies into the White House!
@DNC This country needs...and deserves...one for these incredibly competent ladies for POTUS in 2020.Their strong leadership is evident!
Let me add my support to both of you in your efforts & actions in Congress...please continue & I will follow along w/ my support.
@repjohnfaso learn some manners. Women are no longer going to sit down and shut up because some man wants them to.
Does @RepJohnFaso @JohnFasoNY not know the rules? Or he does, and just ignored them along with the direct reminders?
You tell them @NancyPelosi!!!! Thank you for fighting for us! 
No, for fighting for herself ( not the people).
Pelosi rarely, if ever, speaks the truth. Remember this - when someone talks non-stop people stop listening. Less is more.
When does she speak the truth? She's been lying for decades.
Godspeed, 4 neither of you would stoop 2 45's disgusting arrogant hubris
Pelosi has been telling the truth but misogynist Trump supporters don't want to hear what she has to say. Tough shit. Deal with it.
Women in power threaten men with puny minds and puny hands. 
And puny dicks 
Good thing because She can't even remember yesterday: "I said President Bush? I'm sorry" 
When would that start? The truth you speak of which neither one of you speak.
Still waiting for her to
you're both rude, sit down and hush it
We cant stop her from talking gibberish, she seriously should see a dr. As a guy with a brain tumor i think she should get checked.
Super badass! @SenKamalaHarris Do the men interrupt the other men as much as they interrupt the women? Curious...
The very rude @RepJohnFaso (unfortunately from my district) is a Junior new member of the house. Where is his respect & courtesy?
He has NO REASON not to know the rules. He's been in the NY legislature for YEARS
You were awesome 
Keep up the fight, @NancyPelosi and @SenKamalaHarris! Speak up and #Persist!
@nowthisnews For those who say there is no democratic agenda, watch this.  Replay it.  THIS is a true dem!
Why would we, lol, she is like McCain  every time she speaks, it's good for the opposition…
no sweat.let us know when she starts.
Thank you!!
Well done!
Truth? 
Bravo @NancyPelosi Believe it or not, I have Republican male friends that admire the hell out of her.
She has the secret service at her town halls to prevent those who would ask about single payer, Medicare for all
2 each his/her own but N Pelosi is half the Dem leadership problem if not more. We need a strong & current leader w fire, & intelligence.
Problem is she doesn't wait to get facts before she speaks..
@KamalaHarris Too bad she never knows who she is talking about.
Really I never her her tell the truth about anything especially Obama care JUST SIGN IT READ IT LATER like paying for study on whale sperm
Nancy doesn't have a clue about the truth . She is in a crazy place every time she speaks
Nancy needs to be checked for dementia
@nowthisnews This isn't recent, is it? Nonetheless, I LOVE IT!!!
All I heard was Campaign style rhetoric. No truth or even facts. Maybe next time?
Burp*
Nancy is a complete wingnut the rest of you wind up and send out to say more stupid left wing crapola. Just like that crap you were saying
Looks like her Botox is leaking into her brain...
Or you either, Senator Harris!!! Keep bringing it strong!!!
Or Kamala or Claire, either. Thanks for standing up.
You go ladies!!!  Sen Harris you did awesome job with Comey getting the ?'s out there knowing it would give us the truth w/o him answering
Even if it is s not in alphabetical order?
pelosi is as crooked as they get she lies alot her is no dood 30 yrs in office drain the swamp Term limits sooner...........................
Nancy Pelosi would not know the truth if it fell and hit her on top of her head if she's not drunk then she ain't right you know what I mean
Pelosi has no concept of the truth.  Like HRC, she is a pathological liar and should be retired.  30 yrs is too long for any bad politician.
Thank you Nancy Pelosi, Kamala Harris and Claire McCaskill for standing up to the GOP. It may be up to women to take our country back!
Democrats are as guilty as GOP please!
Nope. If it were up to conservatives we still wouldn't have the right to vote. Now they want to defund our health care.
We still don't have the right to vote, according to DNC they could have picked HRC in "smoke filled room" #DNCFraudLawsuit
Nancy, usually I say THAT 'my Senator's make me proud to be a Californian'..TODAY YOU MAKE ME PROUD TO BE A Woman! Thank you.
No Nancy Pelosi is a shill she should step down.
@RepJohnFaso shamefully tried 2 silence Minority Leader @NancyPelosi. Women won't stop speaking truth to power. #NeverthelessShePersisted
No credability left, yet keeps babbling, no longer can distinguish right from wrong, hypocrite , and liar. Party first country second.
Nancy Pelosi wouldn't know the truth if it hit her in the head! GIVE US A BREAK!
You mean when she is stuttering & stammering & waving her arms around like she is having a seasure! How would anyone know when to talk!
Nancy Pelosi wouldn't know the truth if it hit her in the face! Although she looks like she has been hit a few time.@NancyPelosi @FoxNews
And still she persisted. You go girl @NancyPelosi and you keep speaking for those of us that know what is right!
Ladies need to shut the lil boys DOWN
Men who don't have mother's, wives or daughters.
Bullshit she doesn't know how to speak the truth!

It's called 'Dem' speak...let dem talk to verify their just...plain...nutz.
Trouble is she rarely speaks the truth and just blathers.
Let me know when she is speaking the truth, That could be unique and different.For now she needs to sit down and shut up!
Right.
You're both fierce.  You go girls.
@NancyPelosi girl ! Made Joan Crawford ( mommie dearest ) look nice !!
The smirk at the end...
@SenatorPelosi is no joke!
Why do liberals insist they are being shut out. Kamala and Nancy have multiple social media accounts and are constantly on TV #colluders
ITS PEOPLE LIKE YOU WHO ARE STEERING THIS COUNTRY INTO A CIVIL WAR! TRY WORKING WITH THE PRESIDENT!
I hope you would run for Prez, I would vote for you all day long if I could
You can't stop her even when she's not telling the truth
She would first have to start.
Nor should she - ever! Proud of you Ms Pelosi. Proud of your courage of convictions and for simply caring. Thank you!
Queens we thank you both!
Woo Hoo! You ROCK Nancy Pelosi & Kamala Harris!  Keep it going!
Wow!!! Way to stand up to fake Testerone driven wannabes!!!
Kamala, liked that look you gave Sen Burr on Wednesday  Don't backdown!!!
yes they can silence her when she gets out of hand just like they did to you Harris.Act like fools they will tell to stop.democrats are low
Sister power 
NTL she persisted. 
What is with these republican asswipes interrupting everyone? Did their mothers not teach them manners?
Your mother must not have taught you either....language
When was this? Thank you for your service!
Sure she's lining her own pockets with the public money
Or treason
Trump's decision to put Russia on a pedestal is a threat to our national security. #ProtectOurDemocracy
It's even more difficult to get her to start speaking the truth in the first place.
This woman has nothing good to say
Go Nancy, thank you for standing up for us & speaking truth to power.
No she shouldn't. The era of old white guys being rude to women needs to end!
Man, if there is one hill you shouldn't pick to die on, it's the hill Nancy Pelosi has claimed
Sounds to me like the GOP chairman check the GOP member for her Nancy was getting dizzier than usual
Oh she will be stopped come re-election time and you will be too! Many peoe are sick of all this political bickering! Time to clean house!!!
Then use your time wisely and stay off Twitter you twit.
Thank you and keep speaking the truth.
Wow.. she looks like she escaped from a wax museum
#persisterhood 
Thank you to Sens Harris & Pelosi for not letting their male colleagues silence them, despite their repeated attempts to do so #ShePersisted
For fuck sake. How ignorant can you possibly be??! Must mute you now cause I have a low tolerance for STUPIDITY.
Nancy doesn't know what truth means.
Truth? Nancy Pelosi? Now that is rich, how did charging booze to the taxpayer help American families, you are ALL hypocrites. #BS
When Nancy was a girl in Baltimore,her dad brought her to my dad's store during a campaign.She & I were in a photo together.#truth2powerthen
Another Democrat who wants to be an exception to the rules!
Another republican with so little class as to interrupt someone trying to speak 
What???! I think it was her interrupting haha
