Hiw did this knucklehead get elected to the US Senate?? How?
semantics. Trump pressured comey to drop the investigation. Stay focused people
When a parent stands over her child and says "I hope you did your homework ". We know what that means.
"Comey should hope there are no tapes". Sounds like a threat, not just an idle hope.
all women get this!  probably men do as well but will not admit it
<<<Dude here, admitting it and loving it.
Beta... maybe.
So I see the bots are learning Greek. Impressive............guess that makes you zeta, maybe?
are you advocating gun violence? There was none in that statement. Maybe Comey wasn't tough enough, with Loretta Lynch or Trump.
%!! Thank you @SenKamalaHarris @SenFeinstein for serving us. Proud Californian here 
how many times exactly have you experienced someone holding a gun to someones head and saying that? im guessing exactly 0
You really were an embarrassment here! 
Senator you were awesome in your questioning of AG Jeff sessions!
Just like if your boss says I hope you're not going to be late again. You know if you're late again, you will get fired.
True in construction work every single day.
Anyone that has ever had direct reports says "I hope" and means "you better".
If my boss says he hopes I'll edit my executive PowerPoint presentation that means I should and better do it.
You rocked it!  Thank you.  I wish you were my Senator.  I have Hatch & Lee in Utah.
Pixie has been spreading too much pixie dust. It has affected her brain!
God & guns, huh?  I believe, blessed are the peacemakers. I think that's really the fundamental difference between the left and right.
The left wants peace through concessions. The right assures peace by strength. Do u really think Un, Taliban, AQ, ISIS respect being nice?
No but when you are president of US it coukd confer a different meaning.  Nice way of coercement
Here's "hoping" you don't have as vivid an imagination as Comey
Most of your questions at the Weds & Thurs senate hearings were comments and could not be answered.  Take some tips from Sen. Feinstein.
Someone in the middle of committing a felony is equivalent to someone having a discussion? How did you get where you are? Oh, it's CA.
I hope you're not attacking my senator.
Get over yourself.
When has a robber EVER said I hope you will give me your wallet?! #PontificateMuch
That's the way they do it in California since the law abiding people there have been disarmed by @SenKamalaHarris , no need for force
Your experience is questionable because of the stupid comment.
Robbers wouldn't say I hope.
Apparently you've never been robbed.
Brilliant! Did the republicans on the committee get it? How do you keep a straight face?
@RaySr1946 Retwt
@SenateDems did trump have a gun on comey?
A quote for the ages
Good one. Thank you.
You are just the worst. Your comparison is elementary level naive. Incompetence on full display.
What a terrible analogy.
Your analogy of comparing POTUS to common street thug using gun  was disrepectful/lack of decorum, reflects why U shouldnt be Senator?
"I hope you'll give me your country."
Hey #SpecialCounsel Robert Mueller, I "hope" we impeach Donald Trump.  Do you get what I'm saying? I really hope something can happen.
We LOVE United States Senator Kamala Harris' courage! We LOVE United States Senator Kamala Harris!!!
Has a good shot at being a @CNN Translator!
Trump is in the higher position then Comey a power position .. when he says I hope you make this go away .. we all know what that means
Anyone who works knows: when the boss "asks" you to do something or tells you they "hope" for some outcome = an expectation, not a request
The word hope is used but also an "objective word" when making a demand and prosecuting, in that context an obvious threat, I hope you won.
So your running fur pres?  I will work in.atl for you!!!
Robbing people is what Dems r good at. Except 4 the billionaires and the pols, the people in CA get poorer everyday.
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris! I appreciate your brains, strength, and fortitude! We women need you to face down FAT OLD WHITE MEN!!
Has there ever been a case where "I Hope" has been the basis for prosecution? YES!!!
It's same as when a parent say I Hope you did your best. Then Ground you if you did bad, #Ihope is not the key phrase Do you best is #Igetit
The best part of the day!  Thank you for driving that point home.
Sick of you politicians putting PARTY BEFORE COUNTRY. How about doing something for the American people and quit dog and pony show?
What an idiotic comment.
And when teachers say "I hope you turn in your project tomorrow," "I hope you do your homework," "I hope you study"... they expect it done
Do not allow them to interrupt you! Stay on track. Very nice job, thank you!!
She's just brilliant and spot on!
That would be an INCENTIVE to give up your wallet as quickly as possible!!!
Love This!! Your point, subtly made... Perfect !
love what you're doing to shed light on the WH and the incompetent @GOP. Let me have it. #trump is a menace
c
BAM!
Did you just compare POTUS to a clown? That loser comey even admitted it was only "hope," not a veiled threat. Get a life, lose some lbs...
Stellar work done Senator :) Keep it up, please !
Yes it was so scary and worrisome and threatening Mr Comey immediately took steps to report it and inform superiors and counsel
Lots of trolls in here today?
Kampala makes her questioning count
I have never heard of a robber asking SO politely nor have I ever heard of any1 being charged with a crime just 4 HOPING. #corruptdemocrats
Oh you're from PA, that explains a lot. So am I and I think I'm the only other Dem other than my Mom.  We're the only 2 sane ones.
Not sure sane & democrat are compatible in the same sentence. I know several democrats who have seen the corruption & left democrat party
Saw your questioning of Mr. Comey today. Very good.
Trump to Comey: Nice Little FBI you have there. I hope nothing happens to it.
Sen Harris...keep up the hard questions, We are so glad you are there representing us. We need more strong women in DC.
@SenKamalaHarris Drops Mic...walks away. 
So you have been robbed. Must live in Chicago.
Senator Harris you fumbled the ball, dropped the ball and crashed and burned.  Do your homework first
"I hope your family will be ok."

-Mobster-
Kamala, I HOPE you realize just how ignorant your comment was and how you embarrassed yourself and the state of CA.
Expecting loyalty is a bad thing? Oh I forgot you're used to traitors like @HillaryClinton who sell Uranium to the Russians!!!
you've never collected a debt; have you? "Hope" is the operative word. "hope" with a gun to your head implies "or else"
The phrasing implies negative consequence is pending.
And justice is allowing folks to get a word in edgewise
We need more of her line thinking and questioning in the Senate! 
Another desperate attempt to deflect from the facts#EpicFail 
#TwistAndShout  
Trump clearly understands the role of authority and role power in communication. It’s plain as day.
If my boss told me that he hoped I would get my act together, I also would take that as a directive.
Notice these idiots are not pressing him on leaking.Notice that no one is pursuing Lynch.Typicsl libtards.Nothing but a bunch of Hypocrites.
Word.
Did you hear this exchange @DonaldJTrumpJr? Comey felt pressured to let Flynn off the hook.  He didn't "exonerate" anyone @greta @FoxNews
I have never heard of a robber being that nice.
When a thug says "nice house, it'd be a shame if something happened to it" isn't voicing concern. It's meant as a threat, intimidation.
In your reference there was no gun, try again looser.
That was such a great line!
Perfect!!!
Produce one story of a robber saying, "I hope" to the victim.
The gun would be pretty operative @SenKamalaHarris
Great job today and yesterday!  Thank you!
Other than Comey's testimony which convinced me he was the most honest & patriotic adult in DC, your statement was the highlight. Thank you!
You did a great job today!!!
Keep at it Kamala.    So glad to have you and DiFi representing me in the Senate.
You did an admirable job today Senator Harris!
Wow, what an excellent way of putting this into perspective!!
......Kamala, that was the best line of the day!
What are your thoughts on Lynch directing Comey to use the term "matter" not "investigation?" We didn't hear him say she "hoped." An order?
America is on your side Senator Harris. Keep pushing, keep fighting, and keep giving the fascist right a what for! America needs you now!
Robbers don't say that lib
LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS WOMAN!
Gee, we missed the part where Mr. Comey said Trump held a gun to his head.
Love This!

Please elaborate on your experience of armed robbers saying "I *hope* you'll give me..." Do they say please and thank you, also?
Feedback from some R's watching today's hearing "Harris is a skilled, organized prosecutor." "I'm impressed." 
Thank you from your voters.
That is the stupidest analogy I've read in a while. 
"I hope you can make this problem go away. Y'know, for the good of the family. You do want to be a part of the family, right, Comey?"
I loved that you said that.
This right here.  This RIGHT HERE!  Girl, you made me get out of my chair at work and start cheering out loud.
LOL... Have much exp. with robbers suggesting "I hope you give me your wallet"? No, they demand it. Give me your wallet!
Marry me
How many mothers have said "I hope (fill in the blank)" to their kids as a warning/threat?
Thank You for always having #Persistence #Clarity and #CommonSense
Best thing said in the hearing!
It's usually meant to say "it's in your best interest to do so".
Love this! #ComeyDay #TrumpRussia #Resistance
Sounds like New York talk to me...translated into "sure hope ur not plannin an early retirement would b a shame if u keep investigatin me."
I don't believe that's an approach ANY robber uses. U've obviously never seen robbed. Stupid comment. Of course he wouldn't need to respond.
Yeah right, Robbers say 'please' and 'thank you' when saying 'I hope' -- you are unable to stay on topic, not clever, and not intelligent
Priceless
Uh, lol, I'm, uh, gonna say sumthin, uh, I think is uh, lol, clever, lol. Uh, don't, lol, respond to it. I'll uh, lol, make my self chuckle.
That was one of the highlights of the day, brilliant turn of events
Straw man all the way.
You were nicer today then yesterday hmmmm . I want the country to be safe so stop wasting tax paying dollars invest in Making us safe
Never heard a robber be so polite. Where was this robbery Canada?
Also stick to the lkg & he leaked as well sees through the Dems why don't all of U make our cities safer&fix America it was a Soap O today
BOOM
@BrookeBCNN @cnn The best statement to come out of the Comey hearing today! #GoThere
As a RetI nvr had to write a statement form a victim."I hope U will gv me Ur wallet" they say Gv me Ur F wallet.That's baiting nice try
Well put.  I'm so glad you are my Senator!
You were great - thank you for representing the people and the country so well!
wow i've never heard robbers were that polite
No robber says, "I HOPE you'll give me your wallet." Your opening statement was the dumbest thing of the entire hearing. #MAGA
And yours the dumbest comment. Way to go, dude.
Yes, ma'am. You nailed it.
We need to getprotection inplacefrom RussianactofwarinternetelectionsbutTrump isGUILTYMINIMUMCOLLUSION&Comeywas firednotevenprofessionally
The foreclosure king - you're  gross lady

@SenKamalaHarris @politicalmiller #JusticeForAll @GoldmanSachs #California
Great job!ThereisnodoubtthatTRUMPis @ leastguiltyforcollusionjustas ahabituallier playsWordplaynodifferentthanmyolddual diagnosisclients
As an Idahoan, I have to personally thank you for straight wrecking Risch with that comment
Stupid analogy. Sad day when the FBI, investigating the federal leaks, is one of the sources of leaks.
Hitting the nail on the head.
That was a bit awkward.
Power differences are crucial, just as in sexual harassment cases.  Many of the questions, some of Comey's answers were remarkably like SH
u had your moment of TV glory now just take a hike!
That was a masterstroke.
True,clear and well put!
I just LOVE, LOOOOOOOVVVVVVVVVVVEEEEEEEE this woman. I HEART YOU. A very fitting analogy. 
We hope to get testimony why DNC didn't cooperate on server hacks. DWS = "Senator, the server brought us bagels. That's all I can recall"
Yes.
That was priceless
I am so proud and happy you are my Senator. Thanks for looking out for the American people! You are my HERO!
That certainly is a DIRECTIVE
During his initial briefing @ Russia, what questions did Trump ask @ a tangible threat to our democracy? He showed zero curiosity. Telling.
IKR, so a boss says to his employee, "I hope you can find a way to sit on my lap" and then when that doesn't happen the employee is fired...
Ask @marcorubio or any Senator: a friend in law trouble in your district & U asked police "hope they can let it go"=abuse of power
Second best line of day next to Angus King!
Thank you for your intelligence & common sense.
@keriqbaum Was he under threat of death?...other than from hrc camp
He thinks he's a mob boss. You're not!
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @SenKamalaHarris I ThoughtThisWasA ChildishComment 4OneThing @POTUS DIDN'T HavAGun2ComeysHead & RobbersDon'tSay HOPE
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @SenKamalaHarris RobbersSimplySays GIVE ME YOUR MONEY
SO NiceTry But OBVIOUSLY @POTUS WasONLY HOPING & NOT DEMANDING
Dumbest thing I read today; by and far.
You're my HERO!! 
.@SenKamalaHarris Actually kinda happened to Comey when he was 16, gunmen broke down his door while he & his brother were home alone.
You make me proud every day to have voted for you! Thank you!!!
I hope you'll let me grab your pussy
hope wasn't the operative word
#ComeyDay 
#ComeyHearings
#JamesComey
@realDonaldTrump
@NBCNews @MSNBC
I love you, Senator Harris! Thank you for making us proud back home!
Would you.use the excuse for not calling the police.after being robbed because u didn't want it to effect your your coworkers
Yaaaaaassssss queen!
This was the Eulogy to Risch statement!! Great job
Please quit talking about guns and gun violence that is very inappropriate what are you some kind of violent animal
I didn't know Trump held a gun to Comeys head.  We must impeach
Bottom line is this is legal regardless of how you dress it up...nice try but NO obstruction and nothing illegal found today
FOS
You nailed it Maam
Dear Senator Harris, your are a true patriot. Your professionalism, focus, and grit is incredible. Run for president in 2020 please.
