Are you in favor of keeping Obamacare in place?
ACA has saved >100,000 lives since it was enacted. #AHCA would kill at least 28,000 Americans a year. _Everyone_ should want to #SaveTheACA.
Senator Harris has rightly made preserving healthcare access & preventing the mass death of Americans by working to #SaveTheACA a priority.
What are you smoking?
That #AHCA would kill at least 28,000 Americans a year is the simple fact of how bad it is.
Congressional Budget Office: "House version of #AHCA would cause 23 million Americans to lose health insurance" - https://www.cbo.gov/system/files/115th-congress-2017-2018/costestimate/hr1628aspassed.pdf ….
CBO's forecasts have ±10% uncertainty, verified by comparing 2010 CBO forecasts for people gaining insurance under ACA to the last 7 years.
Harvard's School of Public Health: "For every 830 Americans without health insurance, there is 1 more death a year"- http://annals.org/aim/article/1867050/changes-mortality-after-massachusetts-health-care-reform-quasi-experimental-study …
They spoke pretty clearly Tuesday in #GA6. The American people don't particularly care one way or the other.
That's a county full of white wealthy people who benefit from the tax breaks in GOP healthcare plan. They're not on Medicaid & can afford HC
You should see Democratic popularity in counties full of poor people who can't afford healthcare. That's where Trump's base lives.
Hold on. This is a conflicting statement. How are poor white Trump supporters living in democratic districts? Make sense for you.
Your dishonesty is insulting. You make no sense. No sense at all.
Republican Governors deliberately creating poverty. Deliberately.
Well you have the right idea it is us #wethepeople determine what you should do not your party you better start to listen
Oh look, a guy dissing the most successfull woman in politics.And do us a favor,don't threaten us!Start your own freaking party or just FO!
Nancy is inept anyone who denies that is an idiot. Schumer is on the same level of ineptitude.
On what fact are you basing this claim?  Which of her actions do see as inept?
Nancy as a congresswoman has achieved nothing same applies to Schumer. Hell my utter contempt for the current congress is very true.
Oh.  I thought you had some real analysis.  You can't participate in true political discourse with baseless claims.
Pelosi must resign from her position. As house leader she bears responsibility of all the recent setbacks. We need renewed leadership
Furthermore I would ask which "setbacks" you mean.
Yeah right. They only listen to the voice of their donors.
The next presidential election would be a good time to reverse the trend of donors deciding for the people.
We would have to overturn Citizens United. I doubt the GOP will do that any time soon.
It is my belief that the only voices senators hear are big donors. Scientific studies have validated my view.
The people spoke on Nov, 8 2016. Are you following your own advice?
Yes and Russia tampered with it and Hilary won the popular vote do you real think trumps a good president come on it's a country divided
Popular vote is meaningless in this country's electoral process. Given the President won states GOP hadn't in years, I submit he's good.
Isn't that their job? How can they represent us if they won't listen to us?
YES! KEEP GOVT. OUT OF OUR HEALTHCARE! NO SOCIALIZED, BRAINWASHED MEDICINE!
Now that the tide is turning & the criminals are being exposed, your tune is changing. What a hypocrite!
Get voters out in 2018 which is usually low turnout for Dems. Offer to drive anyone you know to the polls, get registered, mail in ballots.
You should take your own advice! We spoke on November 8th!
Whose voice? R voters who voted for Trump are idiots who got fooled. D non-voters are bigger idiots and lazy!
Bwahahaa so this weak attempt to erase your divisive Tweets ain't cutting it. You will never be President...
They  don't listen to us, that's why they have no heart, and compassion!
You mean the @CBC should tuck their pride away and go negotiate with the President for the people they represent?  Naught going to happen.
Talk about throwing Seniors off a cliff! Obamacare took 716 Billion from Medicare. #HellerVoteYes #HealthCareBill #California
You don't give a damn about any Americans that disagree with you or your party. Very clear the visceral hatred you & Dems have for us.
That is a TALL ORDER and since the population is thousands of times that of when our forefathers creates the constitution, "YOU GUYS" FORGOT
that tweet of hers..all talk..no action..just 4 political show. if u believe her..I have an igloo 4 sale..I'll deliver it on my unicorn
Yes GOP does. Dems don't. People see that. Thus GOP controls all.
LISTEN TO US! We don't agree with #AHCA #TrumpCare Taking healthcare from 23+ million Americans is just WRONG! @GOP will regret it! Promise
They won't do it... Keep fighting @SenKamalaHarris we've got ur back!
Then the choice is death. Or bankruptcy or maybe u could ask a billionaire who will get tax cuts to pay for u
No that's not the only choice. We had better choices before Obamacare. It's only six years old.
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris
I agree Senator Harris. Thank You.
Sigh. They can't and they won't. Will you be my president?
Speaking of listening, how about letting people answer your questions instead of interrupting them....
"We the People" want healthcare. You work for US. Make it happen. FIX IT/don't repeal. Moderates get together & STOP trying to kill us off.
Please!!!!!!!!!
our country will never move forward if we keep on with partisan politics..it's just not that important in the big picture folks..
If only...
Please call out McConnell.
Some Senators prefer to believe they hear that voice from lobbyists.
Keep fighting!!!
How quickly Congress would change all of you were stripped of your healthcare.
Do you hear the people sing? Singing a song of angry men (&women)? It is the music of a people who will not be slaves again!
They are not just enabling this disaster they are aiding and abetting Trump. Where does it all end? Who among them is NOT corrupt?
Thank you Senator Harris. Very wise words, thank you for reaching out to colleagues. I hope they hear you.
Hearing aid anyone?
We don't want #TrumpCare!  Disaster waiting to happen!
But however shall the Rs pay for their campaigns?  Without $in politics I bet they can see how bad Trumpcare is going to be. Like Trump Unv!
#HellerVoteNo #RonJohnsonVoteNo #StopSwampCare @SenateGOP
What a novel idea! Thank you @SenKamalaHarris
Please...
THANK YOU @SenKamalaHarris!
Thank you Ms. Harris bc many Americans like myself plan to vote & unseat many GOP members in 2018 and 2020.  Keep grilling the clowns in DC.
@SenToomey this is ur daily reminder that as a PA voter I am asking you to vote NO!

@SenBobCasey I trust that you'll do the right thing.
And God love @SenDeanHeller! Way to throw down! Tell the truth and make it plain!
13 men drafting the bill were paid by insurance and pharma over $2.2 million combined. Biggest winners - @senorrinhatch & @SenateMajLdr.
Otherwise known as doing their job.
Well that's a novel idea...those old, in it for life politicians care only about themselves & $$. 
November 2018!
She listens exclusively to lions and Stryker types
Hahaha. It's nice to have dreams.
#KillTheBill
Novel idea...listen to the people. Thank you Senator!!
There's nothing wrong with politics. The problem is campaign financing!
If Rs cared about Americans you wouldn't have to type that. I actually thought they might before Trump but they've revealed themselves fully
Practice what you preach my precious.
Half of them are lost to the brainwashing of @FoxNews
Psychopathic mercenaries tune out pleas for mercy.
@jathomas551 Amen! Thank you for being my senator! #CA
Some might be just too old to be able to listen... 
Miss harris i am the single parent of an autistic son with epilepsy my family will suffer financial hardship from this millions will die aca
DAUGHTER IN  LAW 'S SON US BORN  HAS ACADEMIC  DELAY  AUTISM CAN'T    GET DEPART EVALUATION NO BENEFITS
@brazenpolitics When the GOP failed to blink after Sandy Hook, I realized they would never be able to care for others.
Thank you!
GOP r gng 2 b sorry if they pass this as they will also have to instantly stop Americans from buying guns for GOP safety!
They've spoken. They want an orange fraud running the show. Let them face the implications.
did you see this article? We must have justice!
Yes! Break up the consolidating corporations & get then out of gov! Media,banks,cable,drug, food. THEY run this ship. We all basically agree
We only pay them $175K a year. We can't compete with the special interests and lobbyists.
You forgot lobbyists.
They ARE listening. They're listening with they're wallets. But even that's more responsive than dems, who lost the trust of middle America.
That would be THEIR wallets and no, Dems have not lost trust. Rethugs cannot be trusted. Ever.
Just don't forget to preen and grandstand.
If their like mine forget it!
Health Care; The Bankrupting of a Nation
http://landwheremyfatherdied.blogspot.com/2017/06/health-care-bankrupting-of-nation.html …
Not when corporate donors are at stake! Much more important to CONgress!!
#YatesHarris2020
Amen.
The popular vote doesn't count. #remember2016
Our government is no longer representing us. It represents corporations and perhaps some foreign entities.
Thank you for Sane Advice
Yes , please Republican Senators defy your billionaire Masters and think about your oath of office.
Very few pols have their listening tuned to that frequency. But, you're one of them. Thank you for being a light in this moment of darkness
if they listen now they sure will coming election time an least the rigged the election again!!
They will not: like my Rep in 4th in CA. A man totally joined at the hip of extreme RT wing thinking. Climate denier, ALEC, Lies,Lies,Lies
Amen
THEY DON'T LISTEN. I'VE CALLED, TWEETED & FAXED. @tedcruz @JohnCornyn HAVE FULL MAILBOXES. EVEN IF YOU CAN LEAVE A MESSAGE, THEY DON'T CARE
The GOP doesn't care about their constituents. They are disgusting if they vote in support of DeathCare.
The voices of the American people have no cash in their back pockets.
Exactly!
Stone deaf
But GOP Senators have to listen to healthy care industry--they got tons of $$ for their campaigns-Orin Hatch got 500,000 and so on.....
Listen to the voices now or leave D.C. next election. They just don't get it. Some Americans are slow learners but eventually they get it
Get on board and start compromising  and stop obstructing. At this point it's very clear to see it's totally killing your party.
If they did, and if u did, u would realize the people have very clearly spoken. GOP controls the house, senate, POTUS, and 2/3 governors.
Senator Harris, you consider running for president.  Nice to have GENUINE members of humanity FOR OUR NATION & ALL AMERICANS.  We're here4u2
Greater improvement once misogyny is outlawed.  Please approach Supreme Court w goal eliminating bullying females power of speech / action ?
Yea good luck with that request
I think they listen to campaign contributions
Nice try, Kamala. These people are bent on repeal and replacement of Obama care. Never mind the consequences of the new plan. Shameful!
Preach it sister
Thank you for standing up for the American people.
Especially if you hope to be re-elected!
I am so impressed w/ Senator Harris.
I think that's what they're elected to do. Still waiting to see evidence of it from GOP. Party over country every time.
Forgot to suggest they forget the lobbyists and the MILLION$ they receive to disenfranchise and destroy the people that trusted them w/vote.
I'm sure that will happen!!!  NOT!!!  ALL OF YOU PUT PARTY BEFORE PEOPLE!!!!
Good luck with that.
Gurl, you asking for a lot!
If it was only that easy for republican's we wouldn't be in this chaos driven mess!
Thank you. Bottom line.
Do they remember how?
How is he allowed to do this? He is trying to intimidate our representatives so they serve him not us!
"Oh no, she said empathy" #earmuffs
Many of your colleagues have long since forgotten for whom they work. They now work for lobbyists, NRA, Big Pharma and $$$ for PAC's. We see
Hahahahah did u just say listen to Americans ?? You should try it once
Sad that we have to beg our elected (by us) officials to listen to us? I'm pissed, not at Kamala, but that she even has to say this.
Gee....what a great concept but it won't happen. I fear the GOP members are willing to put Party over Country.
I think that they are. Are you?
How about listening to their consciences? Oh, wait - they're politicians...never mind.
$$$$$$$$$ is all that heard
For once please
If you listen in the election you would understand that the dem party has been dimissed
That's what they have been supposed to be doing but dang it if they just won't listen!
FOR A CHANGE.
On this too - BACK OFF NOW http://ronpaulinstitute.org/archives/peace-and-prosperity/2017/june/23/the-world-is-going-down-with-trump/ …
Your right they should
Thank you Senator Harris for fighting for Americans Healthcare!
@SenateFloor
#VoteNoAHCA #NODeathcare #KillTheBill NOT AMERICANS @SenateGOP
So you are going to lock her up?
Ivanka?! Yes!!!
can we get a vote on who wants single payer???
R we screwed with trump? Seems like no matter how much wrong he does they get away with it. I've never been less proud 2 b American
http://thehill.com/homenews/senate/294571-senate-rejects-tougher-background-checks-on-gun-purchases …  GOP does not care what people think.  Apr 2013, poll was 85% in favor of background checks, and the bill failed.
Please run for president! We need you!
If they'd only listen. You are the people's champion and we won't forget it! 
Most GOP too busy listening to what Russia and Putin want now. Don't care about the American people and their best needs.
I would have added, they (American) sent you to work for the majority of them not just the richest 1%.
The innocent peoples of the world have listened to the 'roar' of American people's claims of exceptionalism & they are DYING of HORROR..!
Why would they start now?
Dems need to do much better at explaining loudly and clearly why your policies are better for the majority. Put limits on Trump obsession.
Young one, ask @BarackObama how did that "dream", "Fantasy" worked out. 
The 3 most used words in @GOP "User Manual" R "Power,power & power"
Seems bribe money from the worst of the worst has blocked their ears. Go after GOP's favorite cash cows. Expose their corruption!
I hope you consider the run for POTUS in 2020 Senator Harris.
It looks to me like more and more of "the American people" are saying we need a new election for ALL federal offices.
Thank you
THANK YOU for saying what @GOP @SenateGOP need to hear! It's about protecting the most vulnerable of our citizens. #KamalaHarris  #Trumpcare
Exactly..
Good luck with that.
Thank ~You   ~
Like you listened to the Islamic ladies who spoke before committee you were on regarding abuse? You & other females asked not ONE question!
You cannot be trusted to help the people Kamala Harris.   Don't let Diane Feinstein convince you to take donor money!!!!
Remember the saying " divide and conquer". If we don't stick together that's exactly what the GOP will. Forget the petty squabbles.
People are convinced you are on the take too.   Why did you never prosecute Steve Manuchin in California over his foreclosure scam?
Including you Sen. Harris!     The American people are sick of corruption in our politics.   We are watching your every move too!
Then perhaps you can convince D. Feinstein to listen to her constituents and not her donors.   All corporate Dems are gonna be challenged!
They can't hear them. Their ears are blocked by fat wads of money from rich donors who want their tax cuts!
I pray someone has enough integrity to stop this horrible wealthcare bill.
Yes please!!
Senator Harris, I sincerely want to thank you for your determination, never backing down (even when talked over). Keep up the fight!
Senator Harris,  President Harris.
