Almost like democrats did.  Lol
Before Obamacare I was able to pay out of pocket for minor health care issues, now I can't even get a Doctor.
Before ACA 20 million couldn't get healthcare. Now #GOP wants to go back. Defend that.
I am not sure of your situation but my situation is I am healthy and could pay $ for minor visits & afford catastrophic but now am forced
To pay for health care I do not require. I paid out of pocket for minor illnesses but now they don't accept cash. They want a plan.
I am saying don't pretend that ppl are not hurt by Obamacare. They are. If that seems inconsequential to you fine. It doesn't help everyone.
We that have preexisting conditions can at lease get it. #GOP want to change that. Mean.
I get your dilemma but pls get mine. I don't have pre-existing and am expected to pay for those who do. But I can't. Not enough $.
U just described the left,a delusional bunch of lying imbeciles with no message & nothing but lies,they lost their way long ago,sad reality
U live on alternative planet, what message does the left have besides Trump/Russia and lies?Imbeciles are losing it over the loss,literally
...and a reminder healthcare is NOT a right.
...but we will work hard to make it a right for all. That is how civilization advances.
People have the right to purchase their own, the Federal Government has no business forcing Americans to be covered.
I would be for ppl being able to opt out with the stipulation that they not be able to receive any care....
....including emergency care, unless they can prove they can pay in full.
But then we get to only the rich...
...being able to receive medical care.
Healthcare should be a right.
People have he right to purchase healthcare. It should not be a so called "entitlement".
except many can't afford to buy private insurance and then there was the fact ins. companies could choose not to cover things
"We have to pass it first to see what's in it."
...was never said

which was not about other members of congress not knowing what was in it or having it done in secret.
the ACA was in open committee hearings 4months, had hundreds of GOP amendments added. The GOP was invited in
Repeal is easy. Replacing it with cost effective system is the challenge.
No politician, right, left or media talks about cutting COST. Why?
Yes, why?
Its the Lobby power.
That was a rhetorical "why".
You are one good and strong woman.  Keep up the fight.
And they wonder why someone would shoot them?
Only a deranged person would believe that shooting them would change anything for the better. WANT to, yes. DO IT, no.
I'm not deranged, watch your words Charlie, they trip up your intelligence.
It's quite simple. Shooting people is NOT sane behavior outside an active, physical revolution (and not effective). Watch YOUR words Annie.
Pay attention Charlie.   The New Revolution of resistance is in full swing.
I don't disagree, but I don't think rivers of blood in the streets gets us there. Flipping the senate/house in 2018, OTOH... #TheResistance
We want a PHO
What else would you call their current healthcare bill that even Republican members don't know what's in it!
glad you were told to let sessions answer the questions.  You should learn to wait for responses.... and no the ACA did that
WHAT'S YOUR SOLUTION. I WANNA SEE IT. SHOW IT.....
and you Ms Harris, have an attitude that the people work for YOU. You are pretty and smart, but disrespectful and full of contempt.
People who are trying to strip the poor of health care deserve contempt and are not worthy of respect.
I believe the right answer to your comment is judge not. There is a greater judge. 
Senate Dems should get creative in stopping this bill (ala last summer's sit-in by House Dems)
This one?
Not true! You and your pitty Party have tried to Obstruct health care, lies about keeping doctor for one!! Obstructionist of small business
Are you nuts?
Well, "they have to pass it to see what's in it." #karma
Your rhetoric is part of what creates violent outbursts by people with mental disorders.  They believe literally what you say and act out.
liar
Liar!   You are spreading a blatant lie!  These are the types of careless accusations that activate extremist so don't act innocent!
How is this possible? I thought you can't hide from US what's being done to US. #smh
Also, a growing share of people no longer are interested in the American Dream and would rather take on menial jobs or accept welfare.
LOL!!  You are a joke like Waters and Pelosi
Alice, what exactly has Senator Harris done to make you react/feel this way? Genuinely curious.
She is a RUDE BI^CH,,,,,Is she black or just pretending to be black???
what does that even mean? What does her race have to do with anything?
You are the communists party's best kept secret.
You should try to listen a little bit more and stop interrupting. So rude.
Loretta Lynch obstructed justice when she ordered Comey to back off of Clinton!
She did not do that, stop making crap up
We'll see!
#Kamala2020 

please be the future of our party. We need you.
Warren Waters 2020
NO. Harris/Merkley2020.
Not this time. Need the fire  of Warren and Waters.
And, yet, #ShePersisted

“Say what you will about Trump, he is not stupid. He is a smart man with a deep understanding of what stupid people want.”―Andy Borowitz
Have a sibling that is terminal without her insurance. Guess I will start making funeral arrangements. Thank you GOP
Withhold Consent from Sen business til bill sees light of day, if it's bad as it seems, Filibuster. You can do this for us.
Ask the republicans if they would use the same health care......
Shame on you - healthcare availability doesn't change, only the ridiculous cost of the ACA. Healthcare is a service - not a right!
Remember how Dems passed healthcare? "You have to pass it to know what's in it", "You can keep your Doctor...you can keep your plan"
Hellloooo #libtards. If Obamacare was so great why did the #democRAT politicians & unions file exemptions from it?!? #Soros #arrestsoros
Who cares just let health care go through. Weather it's reps or Dems. The rich get richer and the poor get poorer and that the DC Way.
Kinda how Democrats ripped millions of dollars from people that couldn't afford healthcare by penalty taxes?
The way you've been so rudely interrupted during questioning at recent hearings is despicable & downright rude. Bet inside you were furious!
Fake News Fake News Fake News Fake News Fake News Fake News Fake News Fake News Fake News Fake News Fake News Fake News Fake News Fake News
First of all how can a bill be secrete when Congress and the Senate work for us the American People
Lmao, just another democrat hack who will be a nobody sooner than later. I'd ask her but she wouldn't let me speak
Hate speech of this type only serves to encourage more violence. Shame on you.
And how many will die due to lack of healthcare insurance?
But why? Ever ask them?
It's time to play hardball!
Please rally @SenateDems to draft 100s or 1000s of amendments for Vote-A-Rama! Filibuster by amendment! #NoAHCA!
Yeah, my liver has confirmed this for me.
Senator, Keep up the good fight. We are behind you one hundred percent.
Defer, deflect, deny - that's how they work.
You couldn't wait a couple of days until the dust settles on this tragedy?  Show some sensitivity!

He's more like this!
Loved how you tried to get answers from Sessions! DON'T BUY HIS CRAP! I was raised in the South. Real gentlemen don't interrupt a lady!
Having little-to-no concern is their general MO - and now, more than ever it seems what little care they have is reserved for themselves.
You are so rude and out of touch with most Americans

This, not Russia, is the biggest scandal in Washington today, and millions of Americans could pay the price. https://www.vox.com/health-care/2017/6/15/15807986/obamacare-lies-obstruction …
McConnell's strategy:
I then heard there's a further trick McConnell is considering which could give only 2 or 4 hours TOTAL including debate. Here's how . . .8 

Got a Democratic Senator? Here’s how they can ACTUALLY PLAY HARDBALL on TrumpCare. Yes, they have tools to use. Yes, they can win. 1/
Withhold consent? Neverending vote-a-rama? What's the plan?
We haven't forgotten!
So false. Millions lost health insurance they paid premiums on for years because of the Grubered ACA debacle. Fix this deceptive disaster.
When I give food to the poor, they call me a saint. When I ask why the poor have no food, they call me a communist.
Hélder Câmara
Reminder that n the midst of all crazy Democrat policies, once uunderstand that liberalism is a mental disorder, it all starts making sense
I haven't forgotten but we're helpless. Nothing to do but gnash our teeth and yell about it.
Let them put the secret healthcare out, I guess that they don't want their jobs anymore.
What's the best thing we can do if we live in a blue state?
#NoAHCA #VoteNoAHCA #VeteransResist #TheResistance
You mean like the same thing that happened 8 years ago?
I wasted my vote on you, instead of being objective you much prefer to grandstand.  Show some respect!
and don't forget baseball?
FIGHT BACK!!!  #withholdconsent until GOP holds a public hearing on the bill!
@SenatorBurr 's office they are still going w/"the Senator doesn't think it's going to pass"& @SenThomTillis always just goes to voicemail
Yes ...#TrumpRussia  is the perfect diversion for them, and they're going to milk it for all it's worth ...#RussiaGate .#Russia
I'm sure Scalise and family have ultra premium coverage!
Liar! Friend spends $800 for Obamacare (no vision, dental). Enormous deductibles. Another with cancer spends 8 hrs./day begging for care.
Nothing you can do about it. Start figuring out how the govt of your state can take care of the people who live there.
Not true! Sen. try real research!
It's not a secret It's called Obamacare.
*health insurance. There's a difference.
Medicaid will cover people. Feds don't have the money. Sen please show class & This was a terrible event & My thoughts are with Them
Appreciate your tenacity at Sessions testimony, & hope you fight for health care with the same fire & determination. Thanks, Senator!
balony...keep stirring up hate why don't ya.
@Laurasenio 
Very correct
That's fuggin hilarious. "We have to pass a bill to find out what's in it". #Hypocrite
Remember when it was supposed to be affordable and premiums drop $1200? Because I do and I have yet to see that happen. Please repeal it
Oh you mean we have to pass it to find out what's in it right?
That is bullshit!!
That's how the GOP kills people but without using a gun.
I continue to call and fax @senrobportman to do the right thing. #fightingcancer #IAmAPreexistingCondition #Harris2020
Also: Sanders would have been elected POTUS if not for the DNC rigging.
Healthcare they can't afford to use.
you just proved how much of a heart you don't have & where your agenda lies. OC is tanking-where is your suggestion to help solve ?
We need to end the discrimination of Congress receiving better care than those paying for theirs. 
#DemandTheSamePlan
I love paranoia..... the game of politics, is one where you are ill equipped
Let's just let it die on its own then so that everybody is without coverage that makes more sense right
Americans need to see more Transparency...in AHCA Bill, in Insurance Company practices/profit, Big Pharma, & everything affecting this mess.
Oh yes a big scary secret bill LMFAO
Senator we support you from 2814 miles away. Please stop the Republican senators voting for the AHCA. Not a single state supports this bill!
And you a freshman senator needs to listen to others, take a breath and do the people's work....it's about making America great again
Gosh A Democrat with a memory....Oh only regarding The GOP, never the Dems. ..haha you're Hillariously, forgetful
Please give the number/designation of the"Secret Bill"so I can write my Representatives about it.Might be secret 2u b/c ur not in the loop.
The public has been in an uproar over that seek attack!
Thank you for fighting for us! #KamalaHarris 
My god that`s not getting you any votes.....Sorry....
Do you know anyone in Washington that can help?  Feeling kind of powerless out here.
7 million Vets about to lose them too.  and Reps are supposed to be pro military.....
What have you done to help shape the healthcare plan?  Have you met with any Republicans?
We trust you, Senator, to lead #TheResistance on this!
You have a bright future! Can't wait for old ignorant white Congressmen to call you Madam President.
Obama did a much better job of ripping away healthcare 
I want a law requiring senators and reps to swear under penalty of perjury that they have personally read every word before voting.
Thank you!
How dare they?  I'm tired of  Paul Ryan, Mitch Mconnell telling us what's good for us. No, we do not want Trump/Ryan Care. We've been saying
High Powered GUNS ... only in America .. is this allowed .. Shame on congresmen who take NRA money and vote against #AssaultWeaponsBan
NOW #congressman knows how I feel ..  VOTE 4 #AssaultWeaponsBan What about my RIGHTS 4 NO #Guns n Stores/Baseball fields .. 4 my SAFETY
Weird, @ninaturner brought that up about a week ago and was dragged through the gutter for not gushing over
RUSSIA 
RUSSIA
RUSSIA
Grow up and quit lying to the public
You're my hero!!!
Thanks for asking the tough questions!!! This will make sure that no one should lie!!! Girl Power!!!
Haven't forgotten.
I hate seeing those asshats who are rude to you. Stay strong, but call them out on it too.
Thank you for your valuable service to California and our nation
GOP: "ok Donald...you distract the voters by being as incompetent and corrupt as poss, while we strip them of healthcare to get tax cuts"
The GOP are using Trump as a clever distraction for them dismantling America.
A reminder that in the midst of all of this, a crazed leftist attempted the mass assassination of 40 GOP congressmen and staffers.
Thank you for this reminder. and let me say you did an outstanding job these past two weeks despite being interupted by McCain. keep it up
#MedicareForAll now!!!
It's horrible when we demonize politicians on both sides.  They are human with differing views.
Rep Steve Scalise, in a video from Monday, expressed his excitement about upcoming Congressional Baseball Game. http://abcn.ws/2t1IZZS  
Happy Birthday Mr. Trump there is no greater gift for you and your family on this day than the gift of being under criminal investigation.
Don't worry. We are watching. 2018 will be a reckoning at the polls. #PeacockforCongress #CA42
Scare tactics versus facts. Your left wing brethren buy it, intelligent people do not
Kinda they way Obamacare ripped my insurance away, tripled my premiums, doubled my deductible and ran off my insurer. #obamacaresux
Are you kidding me? A member of Congress is in critical condition & this is what you are thinking about? Shame!
You are worse than I thought!
Forget healthcare. They've already ripped apart everything but the confederacy! You have to be more forceful. Don't let them step on ya!
Single payer coverage for all (legal citizens) is the only thing that will fix this mess. Australia, Canada, just SMH at us.
Please keep up the good work, and continue your smirk of those sanctimonious Aholes you are forced to work with
@GOP @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
We need to #resist and #persist #NoAHCA
You mean like having to pass it so we know was in it
Obama did worse by making American's pay more for their health care then their @mortgage
Yup. More than 23 million people. It's terrible and wrong!
drop dead (2/2)
secret bill is death sentence to millions.many won't die quietly.bill will lead to more violence by those told to (1/2)
They need to have a come to Jesus w/ their silence, on backing hate monger Trump & guns for "NO FLY" LISTS & MENTALLY ILL!
You are delusional lady. I have Obamacare now. I carry just a card. None of my specialists are covered and I had cancer and heart issues.
Dems lied
A reminder that in the midst of all this, the leftist agenda is equally as contagious, unconstitutional and unethical as ISIS' agenda.
Give it up, fool!
Another Liberal lie I am so sick and tired of of your BS
ReTHUGlicans, apparently, are an EVIL lot.    #fdt
More fake news
Not like one voted in middle of night by all DEMs right? Oh wait thats Obamacare
duh, it hasn't been passed yet and still in the works...AFA was secret , Pelosi "We have to pass the bill to see what's in it"
'Cuz when they get behind closed doors...
and they let their hair hang down... ~ Charlie Rich
@paul_assum  We won't because we can't leave people hurting & sick b/c Republicans hate the poor, elderly, sick.
Can't forget this very important fact !!!

Who said? Fake news?
With Obamacare why did some states rates had a mega spike in pricing?
LOL! & what did u & Dems  call Obamacare. You said we'd have 2 read it 2 C what was in it & it sucked. My premium went up 365% as of Jan 1.
Insurer told me that was due to your crappy OC. Now you have the guts to complain about a new plan
EXACTLY!! They'll get the best care on Earth, get well, & take Medicaid away from my GF living on $700 mo SSDI!!!! Screw the heartless SOB's
You mean like what the Democrats did right. Hypocrite.
@KamalaHarris failed bar exam. 

All she knows how to do is make faces, ask questions that lack substance then interrupt. Sad. 
#LowEnergy
Most law students fail the first time
They're  #SoulessPpl. #HeartlessPpl. Psalm 121:4. Saids, #GodDontSlumberOrSleep.. Galatians 6:7 #DontDeceiveGodCantBeMocked. #America...
Why???  Is it so bad to work with the. Current bill and fix it.
But talking about unity. Stop talking and BE UNIFIED. Bring fellow Congresspeople and Senators into the discussions.
buddies profit (2/2)
rethugs have threatened millions with death via trumpcare... Not alll will sit back quietly and die for trumps rich (1/2)
trumpcare is death sentence to millions....more shooting will come...what do the seniors stolen of healthcare have to lose?
Give it a rest you're exhausting
