You're a democrat. Of course you voted no. Is that supposed to be breaking news...?
This tweet makes no sense. Go look at the previous Energy Department Leader credentials.
Hey Batshit, please get off crack now. For your own sake and  mankind.
Lay off the pipe.
why? It's worked for you.
Nobody was talking to you. Nor did you look up the information.  You're just trolling for attention.
that's true...nobody.
MANY in admin do not believe in science. Were recruited for exactly that reason
Carson: Nominee for HUD http://www.rawstory.com/2015/03/ben-carson-religion-is-needed-to-interpret-science-because-maybe-its-just-propaganda/ … … 

Perdue: Nominee for Agriculture.  Climate change denier, public prayer as strategy http://politics.blog.ajc.com/2017/01/10/that-time-sonny-perdue-prayed-for-rain/ … 

#Pence
Trump is scary in his own right, but he is also the vehicle Christian extremists have used to overtake our government /2
https://twitter.com/JessikaJayne/status/825622046453424129 …
@deplorablehenry I believe in science Kampala I believe in theory that has been proven to be fact not in theories AS fact
What does Perry know about Nuclear Science? Nothing
the real question is what does the bone head Harris know about nuclear anything !
most likely nothing
and also believes in the Dept of Energy, climate change, and gravity

@DearAuntCrabby and Perry is no and no. Or is that neyt and neyt?
.@SenKamalaHarris Didn't get your way on this one, either, did you? Congratulations to #RickPerry on his confirmation!
You are both (MW)from hell
@DearAuntCrabby Thank you.
Good for you Kamala Harris!!!
"I'll only hire the best"-@realDonaldTrump But for our nuclear arsenal? He hires the guy whose catchphrase is "OOPS!"
@electricista545 This country is on the fast track to moving backwards, and upside down.
You really don't need to tell us that you voted "no" on a Trump nominee.  Puppets will vote "no" on every single nominee.
Ahhhhh, the toe Tweets!
How did that one go for you? Not having any wins lately are you? 
Thank you Kamala.
I can't envision how these institutions will be rebuilt if and when the country shakes off the DT .
Thank You for standing up for Education & Knowledge!This situation is scary!Your constituent 92653.Keep up the good fight!
@DearAuntCrabby makes sense...oh, forgot...nothing makes sense.
thank you.
Thank you, Senator.
You have been an inspiration.
.@SenKamalaHarris Thank you, seems you got into office just in time. Please continue to help protect and defend Californians.
Nuclear physicist to DWTS reject. We deserve better.
Guess it didn't do you any good.
Btw Kamala,without fossil fuel,you wouldn't have cellphones,blacktop,baby carriers,a space program...etc
btw Robert.  The lobster crawls faster than a hermit crab.  
--signed
-- Dept of Pertinency.  
@SenKamalaHarris
So,would you rather swim in oil or eat uranium?lol
You're going to vote no on everyone & everything. Cut the BS. You don't care one bit about America. 
#Trump45 #AmericaFirst
we certainly haven't got the best of us in this administration! They brought US criminals, rapists & thieves/cheats!
-thank you.
Thank you
What the heck are you an expert in. I never heard of you.
because the #EPA "experts" that were there did such a good job You must not remember #ColoradoRiver #AnimasRiver #Fail
Perry's only qualification is that he helps deliver Texas in 2018 & 2020. At least he has some gov't experience.
As a Texan I can tell you what a horrendous choice Rick Perry is.
@GrnEyedMandy ...and can tie his own shoes!
not an air head ??
So you spent your day and our taxpayers money voting no and obstructing? What have you done for our country that's good?
Perry is utterly unqualified for the post. She was doing her job, unlike the GOP.
hey does calif have any intelligent senators or representatives all I see are idiots glad I dont live in Cali
you're an idiotic democratic  partisan hack, but I have to agree with you on this one.
You do know who is Pres.right? No room in his WH for qualifications. Russians? Hell yes. #Trumprussia
fussy fussy fussy .  He has a degree in animal science.  In the Trump world that makes him overqualified
thank you, senator! #nofascistusa
and again, we don't care about your vote. How did that work out for you?
thank you!
keep up the good work.  You don't disappoint.
Anything that's good for America, you are against it. I hope the evil democrat party implodes. It should not even exist.
In what possible way is someone utterly unqualified becoming head of a department good for America?
Thank you Senator, for looking out for the American people.
thank you!
Thank you again. Agree.
Didn't expect a progressive lib to endorse a good man.
Do you and the dems ever do any work?
Thank you for voting NO on Rick Perry!
Have you voted to confirm even one of the President's nominees yet?
Your as UnAmerican as they come! Just a brainwashed sheep huh?
Your a loser all the time huh?
<<<< Watch-out, Karma is a bitch; if you're elected again!
Thank You.

Oilgarchy wanted lifelong Mafia-Leech-Trump for 2-Things:

steamroll The Opposition

get out The Votes
I think I'm getting punchy.  Finding everything ludicrously funny. Believes in science should be on resume. #resist
I wish it weren't such a big deal for a senator to say that. Thank you for representing reason.
Thank you Senator from a constituent.
Gov ran the state of Texas, he is qualified! Your not qualified to represent the state of California
Thank you!
thank you for your no vote
We deserve and want an Energy Secretary who dismantles this ridiculous, unneeded department.

@SenKamalaHarris
safeguarding nuclear material is unneeded?
Hillary sold 20% of Uranium to Russia. Seems It doesn't work.  And don't cite me Snopes. They are not credible.

@surfspies @SenKamalaHarris
thank you. 

#RickPerry  as Energy leader..... #TheResistance
And the outcome?
And who knows that there IS a Dept. of Energy.
A little late, aren't you?
and yet another loss. You must be proud of the difference you are making 
You lose again
@DemsTalk and one that knows what the Dep. of Energy is .
No, you got in a room and Chuckles told you to vote no. Like all the other Dem senators (bobbleheads), you all nodded....
another NO..no one cares. cause you have no power..none..its laughable at best...LMAO
just plain how about one who actually knows it exists and should remain so.
thank you! Why are we confirming anyone at this point with all the lies and coverups?
Funny, I wish we had a Junior Senator from California with those exact same qualifications
Big deal. You voted no on ALL of the Trump nominations. Take your ball and go home. Sadly in NJ our two Senators are equally petulant.
ya think? haha 
I know there’s only so much you can do, but thanks for doing it
He was confirmed so you lost again. Sorry, get used to it.
The democrats are the party of NO. Bunch of sore losers so all you guys do now is obstruct and protest.
You were an embarrassment to the State of California during President Trump's speech to the joint session.
@GrnEyedMandy He should've had to prove he can screw in a light bulb.
Did you know there are "new nuclear" solutions that don't need to be near water and produce far less waste?
Why an expert on nuclear issues? You certainly wouldn't put up with something cutting into losers wind and solar . . .
The DOE Idaho National Laboratory is the foundation employer for E. Idaho. Reactors run by a Reactionary.  Dang it.
thank you
how'd that work out for you
As a Texan I can say the man isn't qualified to manage his own sock drawer,et alone one of the largest nuclear stockpiles.
@Headerop1 But learning the fox trot was hard
GOD, it's so sad we have to even SAY that! Thank you, Senator! Keep up the good fight!

@NaYaKnoMi We deserve a Sec of Energy who can think their way out of a wet paper bag.
If his brains were dynamite he couldn't blow his nose!
Thank you.
thank you!!!
Thank You, Senator.
Dems only strategy is WacAmole; hit and destroy any constructive process.  GET TO WORK FOR THE PEOPLE.
Perry actively wanted to get rid of the Department of Energy. That's "constructive"? @ShuttleDiscover
Awesome news...Rick Perry & Ben Carson are in!!!! #MAGA
thank you from a Texan for your NO vote on Perry.
Tell them the real reason. #Obstruction
U voted no on everything! Keep losing your party proving your the most intolerant of people!
Yeah, tolerance is letting this guy run the Department of Energy.

https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.businessinsider.com/rick-perry-oops-energy-department-2016-12 …

@TalleyRoss @SenKamalaHarris
Thank you Senator Harris.
..well said and well done
Thank you for being a courageous leader
courageous?!?!?! Because she voted no??? Lmao!! Your view and my view of courage is night and day. 
Supporting the most powerful man in the world ain't courage.
How's that vote working out for you?  @SenKamalaHarris
Thanks.

#TheResistance
Thanks for holding firm against worst set of nominations in USA history for crucial federal agencies.
... or at least knows what those things are.
But I do thank you. You were a great CA AG!!!
@chivocubano thank you.  He did horrible things to people with disabilities in our state (different subject of course)
And who can remember the name of his own department.
Speaking of believing in science. How many genders are there, again?
Thank you. It is unbelieveable that a "smart man" would pick this man to run the Nuclear program.
Thank you 
We went from a nuclear physicist to Rick Perry. Wtf  
Thank you for voting Nay on Perry. Your efforts are appreciated
Thank you! Thank you for asking Sessions to resign too! Doing great so far! Keep it up!
let's put some more nuclear plants in California. Bet that wouldn't go over very big.
and a leader who wasn't dancing with the stars while out of a job.
Thank you.
And who isn't a total moron. The swamp is heavy with those right now.
Thank You for that vote!
Thank you! I appreciate how you are keeping your constituents informed on your votes and positions.
just vote 'em all in  Senator so we can watch the pirate ship sink...
Thank you. Too bad there isn't a secretary of line dancing. Yeehaw.
Thankfully your vote isn't relevant.
And one who doesn't wear black rimmed glasses to make you think he's smart!
Thank you. And I think we need to stop allowing people to not "believe" in science. The proper term is that he doesn't understand science.
and can pass a basic reading comprehension test
Too bad you even have to make such an obvious statement.  Sign of the times.

And you are?
and can dance worth a crap!
Thank you, Senator

thank you for voting no, Senator. He's a poor & inappropriate choice to lead this department.
Thank you...u are among the new leadership Progressives are looking to...
You mean an animal science guy shouldn't be at the DOE?
thank you. We need more people like you. Some with an (R) behind the name. Need some common sense in GOP
Common sense? GOP=Got Other Priorities...and they do not include you.
@Brandale2221 thank you Senator. Thank you for your leadership in these times when it's needed most 
It's a sad state of affairs that many of your colleagues don't feel that we deserve this. Thank you for standing up for us!
AND a person who didn't publicly able to dismantle it...Once he remembered it. 
Partisan hack letting loony followers know. Too bad there won't be enough of them to get you re-elected.
Many of your fellow Dems did & also voted for Carson, why??
"and believes in science." You can't make this shit up. Thank you for voting no!!!
Thank you!
Yeah, someone who wanted to get rid of the dept shouldn't run it
Am I the other one who heard pres Bannon say they are picking candidates to deconstruct
the departments they will run.
Thank god. Last thing this is country needs is that dumbass in a position of power.
well, he was still confirmed. But her constituents appreciate her doing the right thing.
Ugh. Of course he was. I don't want to be on this planet anymore
@VictoriaAveyard You go, Woman!!! ;)
Run for president.
That would be awesome! Imagine the electoral disaster that would be.....
Why do republicans always end their tweets with ellipses?  Do you think it makes you look deep?
I don't really know why anyone else does it to be honest and I already know I'm deep so I don't need punctuation 
Strange.  I had reached a far different conclusion regarding your depth lol.  But perhaps the ellipses are working on others.
and someone who believes the department should EXIST !
Thank you!! @IndivisibleSF
My sister has an Animal Science degree from Texas A&M with a higher GPA than Perry.  She is an elementary school teacher.
Thank you, Senator.
I admire that your sticking to your guns. I hope that will always be the case.
@Tired2Iam Thank u Senator Harris
thank you.
