Thank you, Senator
I don't support anyone who steals money from hard working tax payers. Get them out and build that wall!
So what do you think we should do about our "PRESIDENT" who does not pay taxes? I know plenty of Dreamers who are exceedingly hardworking.
No, I am a US born citizen who is proud of my Mexican heritage & who also has something called empathy and compassion- you should try it. xo
Forget cruel, let's be practical here. We're going educate people & then ship them off? We lose out on their talents & skills. It's asinine!
Yep, we need to stop educating illegals and require documents when enrolling. No more taxpayer funded poorly anchored babies.
With all due respect, you completely missed the point. It's in our best interest to retain the talents of people educated in our schools.
It's a sunk cost at that point. It's worse to award criminal behavior and weakens the rule of law.
I respectfully disagree. Twitter doesn't lend itself to civil debate & I don't intend on carrying on 140 characters at a time.
What's cruel and senseless is putting foreign criminals over American citizens
you're anti-American, pro-ILLEGAL, you want to raise citizens' tax dollars to pay for ILLEGALS. YOU SHOULD BE DEPORTED !!
Look at all those poor American Kids who watch illegals take their jobs and places in college?  Are you an AMERICAN Senator or not?
Oh they get free scholarships,ship the illegals home let them wait their turn like everyone else coming to this country
So you support criminals over citizens?
I've met one. He's in college, he has a family, a job...he's worked hard & he wants to stay.
So if a rapist is in college, has a family, and has a job, then they should not be sent to prison for their crimes?
#EndDACA #DeportIllegals
Keeping DACA would be cruel and senseless to the White Americans who are harmed by it, don't #defendDACA
You do know what ILLEGAL means, right?
What about the Americans that have dreams. That have paid there taxes worked their butt off only to be told no funding for u.  Its illegal
The pace of GOP destruction picking up. They don't care about phone calls & marches. Your thoughts on this? https://twitter.com/newleafhank/status/886699218949230592 …
Jeez, we need diversity. How do they think we will prosper. This administration is cruel and selfish with no morals. #defendDACA
It's called legal immigration. This is an insult to all of us who came here legally.
no it was proven kids lied about there age.They have caught more DACA committing crimes and murders.They contribute nothing.
The only thing DACA does is steal jobs & edu opportunities/scholarships from US citizens & aid from our veterans & homeless populations 
At one time I voted for u. Dont give my tax money way use it on Americans. Let Mexico take care if their own people stop having US do it.
pay taxes first. Do it right
How come I have major medical care for health care and illegals get good health care? Why do they get more benefits than hard working CA's?
How much are they costing us hard working Californians ? Oh right you don't want to talk about that.
Kamala, is it time for 'the people' to converge on DC to peacefully mass resist? Our Country is in a state of emergency. We need a leader.
How about we start a sponsorship program, take the burden off the taxpayers? You want them here, you pay. Let's start with YOUR paycheck.
If these 800,000 people were granted this special status is there any assurances that there won't be another million or so in ten years?
Ending DACA would show great compassion for actual young Americans struggling to live the American dream and not ask them to take back seat
Look after disabled Veterans & Seniors what our Healthcare is about
Defend US from DaTrocity!!
It's not their fault
They come illegally get benefits have children they have children so on they don't try to get out of the system
Cruel & Senseless sounds like @GOP & @POTUS ! Thank you @SenKamalaHarris for your compassion, decency & integrity. #MakeAmericaAmericaAgain
"They don't pay taxes!l lol your beloved president doesn't even pay taxes. So many ignorant people.
President Harris
@SenKamalaHarris likes tossing Dem pitches to see what sticks. She only cares about minority voter blocks, which is why she will LOSE! #MAGA
Ok, so you as a lawmaker don't want to follow the law.... classic Kamala
Can't wait until all of you Communist POS in Sacramento are removed from power. 

Bring on #CalExit. The Civil War will be over quickly. 
Then introduce a bill
Why are you protecting Pedophiles, Kamala!
Awwwww
#draftKamalaHarris
Then how about you sit down and write a bill to streamline the path to citizenship?
How ?
yea get rid of Obamacare
Kamala's sanctuary had DEADLY consequences for Danielle Bologna
Liberty... how do you equate the youth to criminals? And yes, under the Constitution criminals have rights - in this Country.

Liberal hack.
They should try birth.  Our Senator is bias I'm tired of bias. Its equal rights.
5 million granted citizenship in 1986, at a current cost of over a trillion just for them. 113 billion more annually for the illegals since
They do not share our values or respect our laws #BUILDTHEWALL
words matter. DREAMS sounds so nice. Foreign Nationals invading our country and not sharing our values or respecting our laws is accurate
More so than many others because they are driven to succeed and have no fallback plan. Most take their place here seriously.
I see many people posting comments full of ignorance and hate. #Dreamers are not criminals...
Break the law until law makers change it!!! Unless it's guns.  Bad guns!!!
my solution so simple McConnell would vomit!    McConnell's personal healthcare policy should be used by all USA.  for his employers!!!!!!
While I sympathize with their plight, it is their parents who need the blame not the USA.
Fix Mexico or do you like seeing young white citizens of your nation drugged into an empty vassal of unmet needs due to diversion of funds?

Annually, that's more than $1,400 for the +15M CA taxpayers. I'd love to see my CA income taxes reduced by that much. How about you?
More senseless to encourage people to make perilous journey that may result in death or human trafficking. Some ride the "death train" here.
Ending DACA means putting citizens first.  Anyone in this country in violation of our immigration laws should be deported
Your "Dreamers" drain our resources and drive up the cost of housing. They should leave and come back legally. Unfair to everyone else.
Exactly what do they contribute that doesn't take away that same opportunity from an American Citizen to contibute?
Deport illegal aliens
So you're in favor of illegals over non citizens? Glad to know where you stand
They can all go back
I'm afraid trump thinks cruel and senseless are compliments.
They are costing us a fortune and it isn't fair to American citizens
They should have never been here in the first place!!! #NeverAmnesty #NoAmnesty #RepealDACA
And our victim population
More cruel to make me pay for your voters.
Trump admin. can do nothing here. 10 states are suing to end DACA order. Courts decided this matter, not the POTUS:
Cruel?  Are you kidding me?
Liar
Sorry, but you're an idiot ... It's NOT cruel or senseless. It's called "enforcing the laws of the United States" ...
Cruel and Senseless are two great words to describe Trump & Associates. Also Criminal.
I agree, Hillary Clinton is cruel and senseless. She's also a criminal.
Why is he still in office? Get him out!
Everything they do makes my sick. Never thought it would get this bad
Cruel and Senseless is Trump's Agenda Kamala..
Secure borders, low crime, strong economy, good relations, and jobs. Only a progressive fool would say that's cruel and senseless
3.9 million proudly voted for Trump in CA!
"Assume." Under DACA they receive a social security # & a work permit allowing to work & receive a check- from where taxes are deducted.
#DefendPOTUS45
putting illegals before citizens is cruel and senseless!
HAVING DIRTY CORRUPT POLITICIANS LIKE U 2REPRESENT WE PPL IS SENSELESS! VOTE KAMALA HARRIS OUT!  
DO NOT #DefendDACA
http://bit.ly/DcaMrdr  Would U call this a contribution? There are many more links 2 stories like these. break lawsGet in line 2 B here.
Senator!We are in serious trouble!
Now cyber guy fired?Tillerson must go. Trump and his cabinet must go! Are you ok with Russian flag at WH?
Acknowledged
End DACA now. Those "dreamers" are causing nightmares for our black neighborhood. Our kids get nothing, dreamers get the grants.
You oppose everything, you propose nothing new of substance. Thought you were different. You parrot what the DNC tells you to say. Yawn.
Providing money to illegal immigrants that could go to American men and women is cruel and senseless
I know a lot of other tools
Not helping the American homeless population due to illegal immigrants is cruel and senseless
Homeless people can't get any help due to half of them being lazy or crack addicts 
Not having enough money for the brave men and women who served our country due to illegal immigrants is cruel and senseless
Do you think he believes what he's saying? We need to get him out of office "in the very near future" he makes me ill. .
You don't get to get him out of office because you disagree. Run a better candidate in 2020.
He sucks! Only 12% of the people want a change in health care. He needs to stand with us. It's not about the win! That's all he cares about.
Where do you get that 12% statistic? Premiums are ridiculous. 1800+ a month sound reasonable to you?
That not true where most of the country is at. So it's ok to just let it go and none of us have health care. Does that sound reasonable to u
Repealing Obamacare does not mean no one would have health care. He didn't invent health insurance.
Agreed. So a pathway to citizenship? That would be best. Reduced wait times and requirements would help too.
There is a pathway to citizenship. The people you're defending want to cut in front of that line.
My in-laws are Hispanic and had to follow the laws. I get that. But we can change the laws. Trump wants to renegotiate NAFTA - same thing.
I'm 100% in favor of modernizing the legal immigration system, but no special privileges for illegal invaders or their families.
#UniteBlue
Allowing illegal immigrants to flood our country is cruel and senseless
These are the people who SHOULD be able to become citizens. Clean records an contribute
not everyone just gets citizenship for "clean records". Millions are in line. There are immigration laws & policy.
Bullshit.
#defendDACA stop #PresidentToddler
