The Voting Rights Act is one of the most important pieces of legislation to black Americans to try and make America a "more perfect union".
I can't "like" that pic. As disturbing as it is, that history can't be hidden.
#unhackthevote
I understand. But young people today, the uninformed, the apathetic really do no what is at stake with Republicans in control.
I have been shocked by many times by how little civil rights history young people know. That's why I keep my soapbox close by. 
Never hesitate to climb up on it. The accomplishments made possible through the Civil Rights and Voting Rights Acts have led to complacency
in the black community and a belief that the rights that have enjoyed can't be taken away. It is the ignorance of youth and a failure of
prominent black people in media and politics to not continue the fight of those that cam before to help ensure the future for the next
generation the way those that came before did for us. Leaders like @BarackObama @SenKamalaHarris & @MaxineWaters can help reverse this trend
I'm reminded of the gross purging of voter rolls by the GOP. Mobilize people. We can undo this.
Hah, a liberal pretending to care about voting fidelity. Democrats have been stealing elections for 55 years.
another white nationalist-
You should worry that professional liars in the atheist elite media were able to get you repeating their stupid smear re white nationalism.
most of the media are pretend christians just like the pretend pretend faux news viewers-
Just exactly what defines elite? If it's education, then I'd rather be "elite" than stupid. Elite athletes would prefer strength to weakness
Two of you? Elite means they have the biggest audience and attract top talent, which actually means the most informed professional liars.
are you a bot or just plain ignorant of reality???
And here it is . In this picture I see the pain horror of the journey and the joy of what it is to be 
#restoreVRA
This picture always makes me cry and relive growing up in middle desegregation in South, I escaped! Now they bring it to MY WHITEHOUSE?
You must have forgotten your history - democrats were against civil rights, integration, women's suffrage - always on the wrong side.
Um, ok, that's why it is called "history". Things change. Your party is trying to erase everything you listed - #hypocrisy
Didn't have to scroll far to see which side you're on...
What about that quote RT says anything about a "side"? Because I follow @KevinJacksonTBS ? Guess what? He's black (and awesome).
This is like that "I'm not racist because I have a black friend" excuse
This is boring and clogging up my TL
yet the democrats violate the Votes of every American by helping illegals vote democrat . Disgrace
Yes i remeber it was dems that beat THE blacks in tje streets
The "Democrats" then are Republicans now.
Wrong wait whos kissing Santa 

No its.not santa 

Oh its @HillaryClinton 

learn history before YOU repeat it
Sen. Byrd renounced his earlier assoc. w/ white supremacists. Ppl can change, I judge them by the totality of their record.
Than you must support Trump 

As @HillaryClinton #bengazi #email #uraniumdeal 

All stand for corruption 

Or do you say what u dont mean
NO BETTER TIME 2 DEMAND OUR RIGHTS BACK!OUR VOTES COUNT!PAPER BALLOTS-WE DEMAND..out DENVER AS MODEL!! RALLY.RALLY!CALL BOARD OF ELECTIONS!
RT as your lives depend on it... they WILL!! HOW MANY CHANCES DO WE GIVE THEM TO KILL US??!
OK, but riddle me this, how much right to vote does a dead person have?  How much right to vote does an ILLEGAL ALIEN have?  I'll wait.
Please continue to help the American people (all of us)... why has this mess with Russia not been settled yet?
#NeverTrumpHillary Go Ahead, Back Hillary Clinton and Forget All About Her Record http://www.huffingtonpost.com/robert-scheer/go-ahead-back-hillary-cli_b_8272802.html?ncid=engmodushpmg00000004 … Unbridled Militarism #Corporatist
1868 After Civil War 13,14&15th Amendments were suppose to include women  1920 women got the vote but have yet to get equal rights #ERANow
And of a losing political party that refuses to accept those very votes from the American people b/c they don't like the outcome.
And plz don't forget the 1964 murders of voting activists  Andrew Goodman, Michael Schwerner & James Chaney in Mississippi.
By Dixiecrats .
That was 1965. It is now 2017.. Oh wait, Usurping Obama tried to set us back 50 years with his racism. Just worry abt illegal aliens voting!
I would like to see the next election so full of smart black candidates, there's no way to ignore or diminish them. I know they're out there
Just blacks? That's  raaaaaacist!
Nope, you totally missed my point. I hope there are so many good candidates of color, we'll reverse this current racist trend. get it?
Black people are as the right would call them colored people have come a long ways just to be pushed back down by session and Trump.SMFH
Where do you get this ? Just a Dem talking point with no proof as usual .
Personally I haven't heard them say anything. So if I like that part of that's my problem not yours
Kamala, lead us out this mess.  You seem like the woman that can get the job done!
How by being rude or by sleeping here way up the ladder ?
I don't think anyone can top our president on rudeness or lack of moral compass.
Thank you to you, the HONORABLE GENTLE LADY FROM CA!! God bless you!
Your right what about Our right to vote?
Democrats have done so much damage to our most precious right. Look at Obamas ACORN group or tellin
Illegals it's ok to vote. We need ID to collect Welfare to Driving our cars, add voting people are not stupid as Dems think they are.
I've Walked That Bloody Bridge 5 Times I Fear The Meaning Is Being Lost The Speeches Are Less & Less About Those Who Marched & Were Beaten..
Actually It's More & More About Selling Things Mostly Black Crafts & Some Very Interesting Food...I Suggest Trying  Bean Pie It's Excellent!
God bless them all!  They should be honored for their suffering by every single America votes!  It matters!
WE MUST CONTINUE MARCH...HAVE NO VOTER RIGHTS USING"ANY"machine or scanner!!DEMAND PAPER BALLOTS!!MARCH ON!outDenver!DEMAND PAPER 4 NATION!
We should show them respect by allowing #VoterID so illegal votes don't cancel out theirs
https://twitter.com/senkamalaharris/status/894234695160000512 …
#RegressiveLeft
On the Voting Rights Act's anniversary, we’re reminded of those who marched & protested, who were beaten & arrested – for the right to vote.
@SenKamalaHarris don't forget women were the 1st to fight for the right to vote!
Can we get this #Calexit on the fast track. Where do I sign.
Amen
Guess you left the part out about Democrats being responsible for the beatings & why the voting rights act had to happen.
Those who beat those who marched were the same democrats who beat & lynched many. The same who delayed the right to vote!
Voter Suppression. The tool used by Democrats to prevent blacks from voting!
And we remember how the #Democrats delayed blacks & women the right to vote because they opposed it!!
Thanks to the current administration being filled with incompetent actors and outright racists and misogynistic people
And we understand that in the 21st Century these Blood Stained rights are yet still being fought for thanks to the
Good point from a political hack
U should be happy u are not speaking German/Japanese right now.  Yea, those deaths do not matter to Liberals. 98% never served. @FoxNews
Federal ID and registration now, stop voter fraud through reform.
#KamalaHarris those protesting were beater and arrested by the Democrats like you!
You dishonor them and all Americans by cheating elections every day by allowing illegals to vote and registering the dead as democrats.

Tell that to all your illegal friends you racist, unAmerican HACK!
Right 2 vote,
OK...and the way to honor these hard fought rights is to protect and sanctify them by requiring certified ID to vote!
Sre we marching again. Im in
He is painfully jealous of Obama
Trump is so evil
#TickTock
Let's be less obsessed with Voters as clients to whom we can sell "BetterDeals" than with turning Voters into Party members and colleagues.
and your party voted against it
GOD BLESS THEM ALL!!!
We, like you were there? lmao
Only 50% of Americans voted in 2016-make sure everyone you know is registered+knows the issues! Let's take America back from @GOP in 2018!
Thank you @KamalaHarris! Superhappy that we have elected those that fought: @repjohnlewis and @SenSanders! I hope we can support these folk.
GOP makes it easy 4 u. No beating's, just a voter ID. A voter ID make it fair for all. Not harder for poor, ID is needed for everything.
So if @GOP try to make it difficult to vote, what does that truly say about them! #unamerican #unpatriotic
Thank you for the reminder...I keep reminding everyone who seems to not remember at election time!
How many illegals did you bus in to vote Dem ?
My grandfather. He was attacked by police dogs, asked at the polls "how many bubbles in this here bar of soap boy" and other atrocities.
Your state has 11 of 12 counties with voter registration greater than 100% of eligible voters. You disgust me.
Incessant obnoxious hateful race-baiting from the people who killed in order to keep slavery legal, the Democrats.
Continued by your party invalidating thousand of Black votes in Detroit by stuffing ballots boxes, Stein recount exposed this. Hypocrites
...and passed their hate for this country right on down the line.
Just remember only American citizens have the right to vote.
RIGHT to vote, if you're dead or here illegally you don't deserve that right
And I'm reminded of all the fools in CA who are in the country illegally who were paid to cast their vote for you.
We aren't doing enough to create a plan of attack for 2018 such that the gutting of the Act doesn't cause a major loss again! #kamala2020
Young people don't take their right to vote seriously.
But they persisted.
*We*here in the Real World certainly don't need 2b reminded about your burgeoning #DemoKKKratGhettos since then! #RacePandering4Votes,again!
amen!
You are as crook it as Hillary everyone those that Kamala!
We are also reminded of the Illegal votes and the votes nullified by voter fraud . If you really cared , you'd want Voter ID .
Voter ID's for everyone that is LEGAL ONLY! It should b mandatory n all 50 states 2 have a tamper proof ID to vote in the US, no exceptions!
And just like in days past, your party allowed it.
Let's remember those (especially women) that were beaten up for voting for Trump
Those were citizens who's rights were being denied, not illegals bussed in by CA Dems to vote for Dems
Kamala pay NO ATTENTION to the haters on the left! They don't know what true leadership looks like.
We'll be even better reminded when it happens again in 2018, if Trump et al get their way.
As a woman who's grandmother marched to vote & men who fought for this country I'm sickened by Democrats who are undermining w/illegal votes
Absolutely so you agree. Those legal votes we fought for should not be trampled on by abusers who did nothing but corrupt the system
We're way past this. You want the dead and illegals to vote as well.
You are a traitor to this nation. When will you care about the citizens of this nation.
you know it!

People died for the right to vote. It's really troubling that "race-neutral" policies designed in 21st century are as blatant as Jim Crowism
They didn't march & protest for non-citizens' right to vote. You denigrate their struggle when you compare it to letting illegals vote!
Thanks for bringing this to light.
This includes all the illegal voters in CA with your boy Herry Brown.
http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-trump-inauguration-protests-idUSKBN1540J7 … 
#MondayMotivation
Then why this: 11 California counties have more registered voters than voting-age citizens, LA has 144% more.
U insult that memory by trying 2 push agenda of no ID, which is the only way Dems can stay in office.
You dont care about REAL voter rights!
she's nothing but a mouthpiece for the corrupt
The fight continues!!!
The fight for the right tooo......vote?
The Democrats Marched Against Voting Rights..
The Congressional Republicans got it Passed.
You are correct. Nixons "Southern Strategy was directed
against West Coast Hippies, not Black Americans.

Yes beaten by Dems...
You certainly know how to bring out people's ignorance. Some of the comments in this ... 
I assume you are including Trump supporters in your little speech. Much violence was suffered at "peaceful" protests at his rallies.
And every illegal voter, illegal alien voter, dead people voting, tarnishes their bravery and courage. You & Dems need to remember that
Why--or how could you overlook the fact that our military fought, bled & died to protect US citizens that have the right to vote
Un-American
Flip- flop...flip-flop....tic-tok
And we should honor this right with voter id laws so american citizens votes are not violated by fraudulent votes. Wouldnt you agree?
Also supported by more Republicans than Democrats #justsaying
Now no-one can be bothered to vote. #lethargy #voting #politics
This is exactly why we need to verify voter rolls so that Americans vote isn't diluted by those who shouldn't vote!
You left out ZERO #Democrats supported it, fought calling Blacks illiterate & easily mislead, facts matter, don't mislead. #MondayMorning
Read up on the "Party Systems" in this country. No party from 1869 resembles any party from 2017. Don't mislead, facts matter lol
Voter suppression embraces the 21st century with the help of  Kris Kobach. Data mining can wipe out whichever demographic is a 'problem'
Mostly illegals.
...and with people like you, we are reminded of the mass voter fraud in order to win any election.  Never again!
I think we mustn't forget them because they led the way. I believe we should strengthen and expand voting rights so more people may Vote!!!
Should bring in thousands of illegal Russian voters and give them a voice too
#FreeAndFairElections #RespectMyVote #VOTE #RegisterToVote #DontStayHome
AMEN!!
And we're still fighting those battles in NC.
Even those which died so others can vote.
Suppression of the right to vote is the extension of slavery by other means.
Bernie Sanders

Every citizen of proper age has the right to vote. Impediments to the exercise of that right is the problem
Amazing that some people now can't even get an ID to register.
Keep up the great work senator
#HarrisKenndy2020

#magaIMPOTUS
I remember those days of oppression and now history is repeating again! It's repeating it's self my friends, do you need to pick sides?

It was a horror of epic proportions. Also women were the last to get the right to vote.
Hmmm... probably not a good time to tell them that their hard-earned votes are being negated by illegals voting.  Shhhh
Nobody is beaten or arrested these days.  We neee voter ID in order to honor every American voter.
we're also reminded of all the illegal & dead democratic votes that have been counted over the years illegitimately & its time to prosecute
Not voting defames the memory of those who marched and protested and were beaten and arrested. Vote. Win.
Beaten and arrested for the right to do something so many on our side of politics just don't do. Makes me upset.
So now your party has smeared that sacrifice with your greedy desire for the White House. Even registering illegals to vote. Hypocrite
Too bad their jobs have been outsourced to foreigners (Russians) and technology (StuXnet).
And let's not forget those old white men that signed the 19th Amendment into being.
Did you forget that it was democrats that were trying to stop them?
Yes sad and proud at the same time
But Kamala, are you in favor of Trumps Voter Fraud investigation?
Just keep up with your "IDENTITY POLITICS" strategy until your party will be obliterated into oblivion.Remember 2016: a pussy grabber beat u
Beaten and arrested by Democrats... there is your history lesson
A Red Circle is hosting a civic engagement event in February, 2018. Politics and the Black Vote. Gotta relight that . Engage the youth!
Yes incl. @repjohnlewis I'm ashamed as an #American that he's witnessing a reemergence of what he & loved ones fought W their lives to stop.
You never quit on the BS how can u be president? You Democrats want Illegals aliens,criminals to vote.It never ends. I'll never vote for you
OBTW Kamala, keep talking.
America knows all about u marxists and ur kind.
U r as American as O is Christian.

You kind will keep losing.
None of them illegal aliens until now.
Voter rolls and the integrity of the election is all that matters.  #TRUMP2020
Beaten and arrested BY DEMOCRATS you mean.
they refuse to admit what they did
And now you all dishonest their sacrifice with your self serving agenda. It's disgusting! U Bus in those illegal voters. Let illegals vote.
seriously, she won’t tell me her estimate because she’s so afraid of what it will cost. this is why i pay taxes, right?
different topic: my mom is afraid about medicare doughnut hole because she doesn’t want to burden me with cost. #fixit
And 50+ years later, SCOTUS finds ways to help those who would deny the ballot to all. #moneyain'tspeech #corpsain'tpeople
Were thankful that all Americans have the right to vote and not have their votes stolen by people from other countries so one party can win!
The treatment back then should be used on those that try to suppress the vote today. Beat and arrested them for interfering with elections.
And it may have to happen again....
I did not care for H. Clinton as POTUS, but I voted for her to off set a Trump vote >YOU I WOULD HAVE VOTED FOR~With the utmost of Sincerity
Amen!
cc @repjohnlewis
Steer clear of  HRC's backers -they'll use you & shorten your career 
Get lost
and now you dirty demonrats have made a mockery of our sys with your illegal and dead voters that always vote D....
Today I was reminded that more people voted in California than the # of registered voters. Can you say "voter fraud"?
#LetAmericaVote
All on VOTES!!!
WHY? You still marching you and Maxine  for President" PLEASE,
Yet your state has the highest voter fraud. How sad to people who fought for those rights and you disrespect their sacrifice w no integrity.
ORANGE isn't my Blackness nor stealing vote..FUGAZI
So the DNC hack for Hillary justified GIRL..TRUMP PRESIDENT 8 year's
My grandmother was one of the suffragists who risked herl life for the right to vote.

#LiarInChief is attempting a marginally less violent means to same end w his demand for #voting info from states #RESISTANCE #ImpeachTrump
Bernie Sanders being arrested at anti-segregation protest on South Side of Chicago in 1963.
was your mom born yet? I remember cops shooting irish mine workers for striking, there we both have civil rights shit
Livng in South Carolina, the struggle continues.
And every illegal you allow to vote is a slap in the face to those people
that right should be protected, elections free of fraud, and voter registration rolls up to date in all counties. Voter ID should be a law.
Nobody is going to take you seriously till you sponsor legislation for a national voters ID.
If the weren't legal the shouldn't b voting.
And your lack of concern for illegal voting shows how much you don't actually give a fuck.
How about this, that anniversary "OFFENDS" me & I want it stopped. Works both ways Kamala!
.You think people are too stupid & lazy to get a #VoterID!
#Shameful

IF unable to find clerk's office, offer rides. Encourage following law
Can you do something about this Trump TV and reports that ex military threatening violence if Trump removed.
#DraftKamala
Thanks to hero's like @repjohnlewis
But damn don’t make me show a photo id because I can’t cause I’m dead!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

