Despite Judge Gorsuch’s claim that he interprets the law without fear or favor, he has consistently sided with corporations.
SCOTUS exists not to protect the powerful but rather to uphold the rights of all Americans.
Have you even read the constitution ? You know that thing you swore to defend?i didnt think so.
Justice Neil Gorsuch confirmed by Senate. How'd you vote again....oh never mind, not important now.
Thank you so much.
Thank you!
our priority needs to be a progressive majority in the house and senate
Yeah, but you lost anyway didn't you?  You Lady, are a real piece of work
And he's still on the bench. Bwaa-ha-ha. #Fail
Congratulations to Supreme Court Justice, Neil Gorsuch
I too vote no from time to time. 

Democrat running for office, for instance.  #OutoftheDparty
Gee thanks.. who cares!
Thank you.

Talk about taking someone's words out of context.
Thank you Senator. We are proud of you!
Appalled at you 4 politicizing of Gorsuch.U have reduced our Dem process 2 a clown show 4 the world to see
You voted against our Constitution, against the things that made this country great
Bet you voted for Hillary too

because he interprets the constitution as it was intended?
Thank u Kamala. Pay no mind 2 @PatriotMAGA. "She" is brainwashed, has questionable news sources & doesn't understand the meaning of fascism.
I wish @senrobportman stood up and voted for what's right, not what's right-wing. Apparently he only votes how #chinlessmitch tells him.
I guess there's nothing left for you to do but cry in your soup.
Thank you
I have no doubt how you voted on that
Thank you.
Thank you for voting NO, Senator. We are headed for dark times & it is deeply troubling.
Thank you!!!
And that's why I voted for you and will keep voting for you!  Keep fighting the good fight!!
Well. Sigh. Thanks anyway
Thank you!
of course you did. We all expected it, what would have surprised us was if you used your brain
Thank you for your vote!
Thank you for voting No
Thank you! Keep up the good work! I see you!
Thanks for serving the best interests of the Nation.
Thank you.
Thank you!
Thank you!
he stands for the Constitution and you're proud to stand against him.
Possible light in the darkness that is Trump
Thank you for trying.
Thank you, @SenKamalaHarris
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you Senator. Stay Strong. We believe in you in CA.
Thank you.
Can u imagine?? Unapologetic Marxism traitor - tells all w/o shame that Gorsuch upholds law & therefore she can't support! Welcome to Cuba!
Thank you for supporting the American people!
Shame on you
Thank you!
Thank you!!!
But you and all of you Super Delegates gave us Trump.  So no Trump, no Gorsuch.  Dems are dying and its  deserved. I was >40yrs. no more
No we have found common ground my whole life and here we are both D's and R's supporting war and 1% extracting more and more
And he is Still going to be a Supreme Court Justice member for many many years to come. Next up. Ginsberg's seat.
How surprising that you voted no since you've been broadcasting it 24/7. Hey guess what your NO VOTE was a LOSER VOTE.
Thank you!
thank you
Wish I could like this a thousand times!
Thank you!
His appointment to SCOTUS in violation of the rules has undermined the Republic and the Constitution.  He is not a legitimate Justice
You done a great injustice to our Country,  by ignoring the credentials of Judge Gorsuch. PC needs to be eliminated 2016 Elect results Proof
Thank you, Senator Harris. You tried. Unfortunately, we're now stuck with this guy on the SC.
Thank you. Shame on GOP leadership. Again.
thank you for fighting the good fight, even if we lost this one.
Thank you!  But it looks like we're screwed anyway.
You would!!!
Thank you!


Thank God for Judge Neil Gorsuch now on the U.S. Supreme Court to conserve our Constitution & our rights!
Thank you!!
We know this stuff, what are you going to do next?
MUST BE SO PROUD OF YOURSELF WORKING SO HARD TO DESTROY OUR GREAT USA! TOO BAD IT'S BACKFIRING ON UR LIBTARD PARTY!
Thank you
Confession is good for the soul.  You messed up.
And I will return your no vote when you run again.
You and Feinstein can now go in a room and cry about how DEMs senators wasted their time knowing you didn't have the votes.A good man is in!
How's that working out?
Thank you, Senator! I applaud you for your efforts. Now, where did we leave off with the Russia investigation? #Russia #SyriaStrikes #Syria
Aren't you just special ...
Thank you Senator. California loves you
Thank you!
Too little too late. Dems have lost both houses and aren't likely to win either back. Out of power for a generation.
Plagiarist!
Thank you for your vote. See, @SenRonJohnson, this is how a good Senator acts.
Another butt hurt democrat still pissed old Mitch out smarted you dems on Obamas pick, thank your buddy Harry for making this possible
Thank you Kamala, you did the right thing. ConservPlagiaristGorsuch has shown he's a dishonorable man. Tough times ahead. #RESIST #VoteBlue
Resist resist Resist
Thank you!
BRAVO @SenKamalaHarris standing for humane justice!
You're just an obstructionist and now with the rules changed you've sealed the Dems fate for a generation. Way to go, but thank you!
Thank you. #Gorsuch will NEVER be a legitimate SCOTUS judge as this is a #stolenseat and the "president" is under FBI probe #goptreason
Thanks for your vote. Guess it was easier to change the rules than the candidate
Thank you.
Good, I'd hate for you to break such a solid streak of dumbfuck virtue-signaling decisions 
Thank you Senator, proud to live in your state.
Thank you- noticed he only got 3 votes from women in the house
Because you associate everything with gender, maybe? 
Hardly, just very obvious when you see who support him
Thank you Kamala. It's a stacked deck hell bent on the destruction of the US #Resist
Thank you!
Thank you Sen Harris. We're backing you up.
Resist!!!
thanks for supporting democracy
