Congrats,  Enjoy the Moment  !
congrats, and I can't wait to hear it. Don't let anyone silence you as they did #CorettaScottKing & @SenWarren
good luck.  Make them listen.
good luck! Rooting for your success 
you go, girl!  Please post the video! 
God Speed. Thanks for fighting the good fight. You make Calif proud!
thank you for opposing Scott Pruitt! From Oakland 
Yea!!! good luck we need you Biggly!
Congrats on your election!  You helped me as a CA AG and I know you will be a wonderful Senator for California.
wishing you a successful maiden speech!
Stand tall, talk softly and carry a big stick to  whack some Repubs across their heads if necessary.  JK  You'll b great!
Women are the future of this country!!  You are a great role model.
Please get a Youtube page up and running and post it as well and broadcast it live. Like...these are basic things boo.
It's on C-SPAN live online!
What is a Maiden Speech?
You go girl! Give 'em hell and don't let up!
we're all counting on u 2 bring it to the Senate. Make the rule breakers & billionaires accountable--nail 'em 2 the wall!
POTUS TRUMP IS ALREADY THR GREATEST POTUS EVER !!!
best of luck!
I'm extremely concerned about Russia and Trump. Imperative to be investigated.
Should win the award for most cautious tweeter ever. @SenGillibrand @SenWarren tell her she's fine
Congratulations and blessings to you in your new role. I'm sure you'll make a fine PUBLIC Servant!
Dear @SenKamalaHarris, may your "maiden speech" combine 'fair' with fervent and furious. #resist #ImpeachTrump
you make us proud Senator Harris! Thank you for being such a strong advocate for what is just and right !!
Stand strong. You make us proud!
@reesetheone1 
Better than POTUS news, I mean bullshit
Break a leg.
you're going to do an awesome job!!
Good luck Senator, we know you'll represent us Californians well!
Will be watching online! You are my hero!
Good luck, we know we can count on you and @SenWarren to have the back of the American people.
#NOTMYPRESIDENTSDAYfeb20th
PLEASE CEASE ALL BUSINESS IN CONGRESS UNTIL THERE IS A SPECIAL COMMITTEE SET UP TO INVESTIGATE TRUMP AND THE RUSSIANS!
we believe in you 
congratulations!
Congratulations....bring back sanity...please.
We're walking beside you!
good luck
Be bold! (And any extra opposition to Scott Pruitt you can throw in there, I am all for.)
Good Luck!
I couldn't find a Facebook page for you?
.@SenKamalaHarris Thanks for representing with integrity and gusto!
please keep the focus on the Trump - Russia ties.  Full independent investigation.  We need he truth.
Good luck with your Maiden Speech! I'm sure it will be wonderful!
YOU WILL BE WONDERFUL!!!!!
best of luck!
Please make sure an Independent investigation into calls to Russia .
best of luck, Senator Harris! We constituents are counting on you!
good luck senator. I voted for you. Make us proud to be Californians and Liberals.
congratulations! please post it!
fired up?
best of luck, Senator!
good luck this country needs more like you
investigate Trump.
Knock 'em dead.
Will it be live streamed? Watched Markey yesterday.
I know you'll do a great job. Please work on appointing a special committee to investigate Russian interference.
Good luck!
California is so proud of you!  We will be wonderful.
Reply to @SenKamalaHarris You go girl!
will you explain why you shutdown the investigation of Mnuchin's bank for mortgage fraud in California?
Senator, I'm a fan. But unless this speech is about actual maidens, you need a new term. Thanks.
@Marv_Vien congrats! Now pls impeach that clown in the Oval Office for all his offenses!
Maiden Speech?  You mean your IRON MAIDEN speech??
Good luck.
A warm welcome, Senator Harris, to the twitter on-line progressive community!
Good luck you'll be great - you shine!
attack attack..cut them no slack!
nice!
Please work across the aisle to appoint a special congressional committee to investigate Russian interference
Much luck & Godspeed
make it memorable!
you make us proud!  Keep standing up for social justice
congrats!
Good luck and thankyou from the UK for standing up against #45 the new administration have to be stopped
saw your speech at the women's march.  Best of the day and that is saying something!  You got this.
You go girl!!
you've got this!
Go get 'em!
..
Good luck!  We need more female senators.
no matter what @SenateMajLdr says, #Persist ! #IndependentInvestigation
Glad to have you working for us!  Do u have a sister u can send to Texas to beat Cruz? A brother is ok also!  :)
So exciting! Good luck! Remember, we're all there with you
Good luck.   Do good for our country.
Please ask the republicans why they are purposefully trying to ruin democracy for everyone?
will def tune in!  Good luck!
About ..... you?
I just know it will be brilliant and timely and thought provoking. 
Break a leg Senator! Blessings!
Always proud to see another woman Senator. I am sure you will be awesome.  Remember to breathe 
You going to speak for the 200k citizens that are about to lose their homes or the 2 mil illegals who suck 25b from CA?
be proud of yourself and how much you have accomplished!
Good luck! You'll be great. :)
, practice the first and last line extra, so you open and end strong. You deserve to be heard!
- Sock it to them!!
Stand tall.
You got this!
Knock 'em dead.
Good luck. You're prepared and your speech will be great.
All the best to you!
Good luck.  Then maybe you can figure out why the GOP wants to wreck healthcare by cutting preexisting conditions.
good luck!!!!!
good luck. Be positive.
I will set my VCR

