Senator Kamala Harris will question AG Jeff Sessions next. Watch live -->
You were so rude, rushing Atty General and assuming he did something wrong. You should be ashamed
She's got her talking points. She's trying to make a name for herself. Very obnoxious.
Oh, and Trump isn't obnoxious .. get real!
I'm talking about her. Can you liberals ever stay on point?
Kamala so rude and inappropriate of you to not give time to respond... u keep interrupting ... shameful
Yeah cause he keeps evading the questions
She didn't listen to one of his answers.
He talked over her questions.
Could the man answer a question for gods sake, what's wrong with that.
Will she let him actually answer?
Never...
you were correct.  pathetic an elected representative acts like that
I agree 100%!  She thinks she can run for higher office and was putting a show!
DNC Party of Massive Political Corruption, Inciters of Violent Protests & Actions Poisoning our Youth Aganst FREE SPEECH & National Security
I COMPLETELY AGREE WITH YOU!  Time for parents to bring college kids home, STOP PAYING THE CORRUPT COLLEGES.  SOME OF OUR YOUTH BRAINWASHED!
I sincerely hope you never stop making Sessions nervous.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions ran circles around you, even though you interrupted him multiple times before he could finish. Go Chairman!
Let the man finish the answer. U r so rude.
He's not answering the question.
Who could? She is talking over him!
What's not acceptable is for you to get combative & argumentative with witness,  then have to get called to back off so witness can answer.
You were VERY disrespectful and rude to Jeff Sessions today. You didn't even let him answer the questions! No need to be like this!
Why do you say that- because she is black, or because she is a woman? I want that little gerbil to tell us the truth and so does Sen. Harris
Oh ya I voted no HC because she was a women and white. But if she was a black women I would of voted. See how twisted you are! Either way
She will question him but won't really listen to one of his answers. She was just show boating for the cameras.
As partisan as they come
She wants yes or no answers so she can get her questions answered. He is talking, taking up her time limit.She knows this see's through him
She obviously does not know she should respect SUPERIORS. Owes him a chance to answer. She did not ask for yes or no answers. Wants power.
Apsoulutly, the most appalling and tactless questioning on the hill since McCarthy.  No respect!
Frickin spell check "Absolutely"
Makes Jeff Sessions "nervous" to get real questions.
He deserves RESPECT, he has earned it!  She really wanted attention for future ambitions.  (No president or VP in her future.)
I bet you won't shamelessly flirt with him like you did Comey? Knowing little about you, you come across as unhinged and neurotic.
sessions is squirming you are freaking awesome only one with balls 2 ask the real question!
Senator Harris acted the fool.
no glass man your looking in the mirror;)
Please Grill His Memory, Since he's beating around the bush on every Democrats question ..!
because the questions are redundant and totally unnecessary. Stop wasting taxpayers money. Ugh. Bs
Well, Asking good questions should be answered truthfully..When Republicans ask BS questions It's Ok..Right !
how do you know I didn't make the same comment on others. Be quiet already
Rudeness part II
he had more class than you and knew what it meant to be respectfully in disagreement - you are a self promoting fraud
You are awesome! Maybe Sessions has dementia - he can't seem to recall anything.
Ask him if he offered to resign!!!
Hopefully most of these corrupt senators will resign.
Ms.. Harris you made sessions look like a little girl;) hahahahaaa
He's an elf
Please run for president in 2020!
Finally! Listening to Cotton is shameful. Dig deep! We're with you! Push hard for the truth!
Cotton was amazing.
Almost fell off my chair laughing, he's brilliant
I know. No wonder the lefties can't handle him. Hahaha
nailed it 
Your rudeness embarrassed me today.  I would rather have bugs bunny represent CA #bepolite
HE CAN'T EVADE WHEN HE CAN'T GET A WORD IN EDGEWISE...ALL YOU HEARD WAS HER GRANDSTANDING!!
Thank you for your fortitude, Senator Harris. You go girl.
Yawn fest
You keep asking stupid questions that YOU know he can't answer #fail
She was highly disrespectful and obnoxious!

I'm embarrassed to be your constituent after today's performance

Sen. Kamala Harris' performance embodies everything that is wrong w DC. She was rude, obnoxious, childish & disrespectful. #SessionsHearing
@Jim_Peoples_ Disgusting grandstanding.,embarrassed urself. Really disappointing.
It was more like throwing questions,and not asking. Slow down on the monster drinks.
Ur an embarrassment. Didn't u take a plea in Cali for accepting bribes?
U did amazing! U scare them so bad the cowards keep interrupting u! Thx so much!
Keep on with your stellar questioning.  And don't let the bastards grind you down.
Another crazy CA loon...  I'm finding myself less and less concerned about NK overtures all the time
As usual, u made a fool of urself, going after a fine man like a pitbull gone mad. U were literally frothing at the mouth.
Beast Mode!
thank you for again representing your constituents in your questioning and demands for the truth.
You give women a bad name.  Didn't your parents teach you any manners?  NO.  Kamala just trying to get attention to raise money for herself.
Go get 'em!  We are with you...GOP idiots need to get out of the cave and answer to a woman !!
Peoples REACTIONS on social media, TOP 10 TWEET #SessionHearing https://youtu.be/mczx6PBx37o 
Senator Harris will be interrupted by confused & frustrated old white men. WHY?!?!  #persist #SessionsHearing
Rude!  You asked and didn't let him answer for heavens sakes!  You are the one that looked bad not J Sessions.
You acted like the world's oldest millennial.
I love the well-constructed thoughts of a brilliant lawyer. I'm so pleased to have you as my senator.
It's obvious she is very, very angry and is not in control of her emotions. When this is over i'm certain she will find her safe place.
I watched and I was really ashamed FOR you and OF you! Clearly you were afraid of his answers because you did your best to silence them!
Well done, Senator. You scare him.
It wouldn't have mattered if she gave him 30 min- he wasn't going to answer her question EVER.
A garbage of questions and absolute witch hunt
Why do you refer to yourself in the third person? That's a sign of insanity.
Ha....I wouldn't listen to this political hack on a bet!
You are my hero @SenKamalaHarris
Sen. you're an obnoxious disrespectful sycophant looking for 15 mins of fame.AG Sessions has integrity you're just a fame chasing miscreant!
No Trump campaign collusion, know one  hindered the investigation, Nothing but rhetoric driven unproven accusations to let Dems grandstand
You need medication and to be fired immediately. You have embarrassed our great state of California, you wretched, corrupt lunatic.
SOMEBODY PUT AN APPLE IN THE BITCH'S MOUTH~

IMAGINE BEING MARRIED TO THIS WHORE~?

MAN WHAT A SHIVER~

"I'M SO STUNNED"~  WHAT A CLASSIC
you slayed. Because of your unrelenting brilliance, I am particularly proud to be a woman todayxo
You acted and sounded like an overbearing fool. Oh, wait. You are. They deflated your overblown self importence.
you think you're a pretty smart bitch loading multiple half shit questions into one trying to screw Sessions up!

U don't fool us nor HIM!
Have you ever heard of R-E-S-P-E-C-T?
Shame on you. You are like a bully. Rude behavior. Maybe @jeffsessions should have invoked his 5th amendment rights like all the Democrats!
You asked hard hitting questions.  I like your style.  Thank you.
I don't think you could have more annoying and rude.
You continue to be bright and right. Keep the faith that many of us hear and see you trying to get to the bottom of this.
Great questions... #StoneWallingSession #FakeRules from a lawyer who is not clear on the laws 
When they say "The NSA has reported" I might take it seriously. When I hear 'the Washington post or NYT has reported'... I just laugh!
@SenKamalaHarris You are my new heroine. Love the way you question for truth not filler. Ever consider running for President? #WonderWoman
Harris is an ABSOLUTE Disgrace & Embarrassment to CA. We the people of CA are FED UP w/DNC'S MASSIVE Political Corruption, Party of Hate
Wow SO rude!  Judge jury & executioner much?! Zero poker face. No respect for AG. Then act like Comeys a saint? Played urself
Embarrassing grandstanding.   That's all u accomplished today.  Well done.
@KamalaHarris you go! Republicans always want to stop you when they don't like what is being said!
Thank you Senator for drilling down on issue that give real substance to the investigation at hand
I admire ur questioning The chairman is consistently rude to you. Sessions was stalling 2 use up ur time #SessionsHearing
Sessions was trying to answer the question fully so his answers dont get twisted by the media and the council.
How was n the work did you get on the Intelligence Committee ? Let people answer the questions!
You and Senator Wyden are my heroes!
One word..... Embarrassment
It is a easy to tell the difference between Democrats and Republicans in the hearings. Dems are rude and arrogant. Wyden, Harris, etc.
Your time has expired
Racist Jeff Sessions and all the Republican boobs are on board
You could not have been more rehearsed, rude or disrespectful. You are an embarrassment to intelligent women everywhere. Disgusting
Browbeating, overbearing, rude bully
Today's senate hearing was the most outrageous example of GOP orchestrated BS ever imposed on USA. Sessions, as was GOP, was pathetic.
Great job again. Don't worry about mccain, he is being weird.
Thank you Senator Harris for your insistent line of questioning.
Ms Harris please resign, you are an embarrassment to the State of CA and the US Senate.
@SenKamalaHarris, you are my new hero. Thank you for trying to protect our country against Russian rule.
Thank you for your service! You were great. Wish AG would have answered a question you asked
You made yourself look like a fool again lol
You do not represent Americans shame on you, you were so disrespectful, you should be ashamed!
It's obvious you're trying to make a name for yourself. It's always disappointing when it's done when Dem BS is the basis.
@SenKamalaHarris is a nasty woman.
Loved your questions. Appalling that Sessions is refusing to answer questions.
Why won't the other senators defend Ms. Harris when she's constantly interrupted by burr?
You are AMAZING Ms Harris You represent the values and beliefs of so many of us...Can South Florida adopt you? 
You do border on disrespectful, your judgment is beyond off and it's to bad this is how your trying to make your name
all these ppl are A-okay when #anyonebutyou shuts down #JeffSessions aimless nonsensical rambling.
you did great #holdyourheadup
Thank you so much, Senator Harris, for your forthright questioning and strength. You are a force to behold. I curtsey.
Piercing  and fierce questions!
I knew he couldn't handle Kamala Harris' questions. Not possible. I've never seen anyone less interested in justice this AG.
She is a former prosecutor and only is skilled at battering witness. She is trying to make a political statement.
She did & BOMBED AS SHE PUSHED TO IMPRESS. Ms Harris WAS VERY RUDE & DISRESPECTFUL OF AG SESSIONS. Owes him an apology. President 1 day? NO!
She is loud mouth bully! Ask a question then shut the F up and let him answer. She is a disgrace to The US senators. Karma
Thanks for trying to get an answer. He rambles to limit questions.
Can't watch her anymore. Her arrogance makes me sick.
You are nothing but a fraud and a bi--h. I pray you are voted out of office Twice now you have been slapped down grandstanding. Sickening.
Didn't go well for you. Poor thing. Bless your little heart.
Badgering @jeffsessions gets you NOTHING #classless #soRude
Were you just interviewing for Judy Judy's replacement?
You keep showing your ass in these hearings and it's not a good look.
Jeff Sessions is a man of integrity. U are a women of hate & pride. #Hypocrite #Loser
Thank you Senator Harris, I love watching you in action, keep the pressure on! So glad I voted for you!!
@SenKamalaHarris asked important questions today. Too bad the Republican Chairman had to rescue Jeff Sessions. Pathetic! #SessionsHearing
What a waste of time. Nothing came out of your mess of questions. You looked like a fool digging for fools gold and got mud only.
She Rude..Smirks while he's trying to answer..This is wht she does at every hearing..Not Impressed with her childish behavior!!
You still learning how not to be rude. n oh u won't last in this job I forgot to mention that. U r very unprofessional
Thank U! The other senators should've given u their time so u could've kept on him. I don't find him credible. Policy? Written?
You were awesome! Excellent questioning.  He couldn't answer.  Thank you for representing the US!
OMG McCain is as flustered this time as with Comey.  Dazed and confused?
Wow you are a rude person. You've just shown the world why you should not be a senator.
@SenJohnMcCain is now up. Please be more coherent this time around!
Thank you Senator Harris for doing your job and doing it brilliantly.  Too bad the majority of ur colleagues r selling out.
You made a complete fool of yourself when you wouldn't let him answer.
Thanks for making Sessions nervous!!! 
Very disrespectful you should be ashamed
She's clearly a hormonal .... (scratch that, let's be PC)....excited publicity hound.
I've never being in DC, but If I ever go there, somehow u've to allow me to take a picture with you, you are a truly Wonder Woman
Great job, Senator Harris!!!
She was looking for yes or no answers. Not long winded word salads to avoid the question
LOL calm your ass down you're not at some Black Lives Matters street brawl
KAMALA IS JEALOUS OF THE ATTENTION NANCY & MAXINE GET !!
SHE WANTS TO BE AN ANGRY WOMAN TOO !!
Senator Harris youmdid a great job! Keep pushing it! Investigate it!
No wonder the Democrat Party is in shambles. You and cohorts not interested in hearing truth just attempted to embarrass the Pres & Senator.
As soon as he answers the fucking sentence #SessionsHearing #TheResistance
SO YOU'RE TWEETING DURING THIS SENATE HEARING?? Poor judgment on your part.
#SessionsDay Can the GOP "Lead the witness" anymore???
The president issues an Executive previlage without the ORDERS in writing to The Senators. FOUL!!!!! If it had been Dem They would be Crazy
So incredibly rude once again! Interrupted over and over and sat with a smarmy smirk on her face. Embarrassed to share her gender!
You're so money! #SessionsHearing #NiceGrilling
Striking difference between @TomCottonAR @SenKamalaHarris who takes this more seriously?
You are a heroine 
Thank you for not being cowed or deterred during Sessions hearing today, you are a beast! Good job!
You're a rude piece of work-and an empty headed fool.
