My Senator, @SenGaryPeters, doesn't have the courage and common sense that you do. We will be looking for someone better when his term is up
I've asked him why he voted to confirm. No answer. Do u know anything?
If you really cared, you'd be suggesting what we can do now. Not just saying, "Not my fault this happened."
Thank-you
If you truly believe this, you need to hold Google, Youtube, Twitter and Facebook accountable for their politically motivated censorship.
I have a general understanding of how all those work but Twitter. Did you throw them in bc of suspicions/experience or do you have a source?
Not for Twitter, but given their reach, they must be included. Because at one time, you didn’t have this worry with the others.
Thanks!
Here's a video that could help explain to people what net neutrality means
https://youtu.be/tkvxWvhhaws 
Why do you put this video everywhere?
I just replied to 5 tweets about net neutrality. Thought it could help explain what it is, because NN as a name is pretty ambiguous.
Makes sense... Guess we just ran into the same ones... U got a stance? Or is neutrality how you roll?
I'm totally for a free and open internet. Living in Canada the corporations have already broken net neutrality.
Thank you.
But isn't net neutrality just a scam to give your tech monopoly donor$ complete control over what people can access online?
It's the opposite, actually. Look at how it still turned out. Controlled opposition is a thing.
Those companies named on your video are all completely owned and managed by members of the same (((tribe))).
No (((kidding))). Aka Big Telecoms. You have the definition of net neutrality backwards.
Repubs were expected to win anyway. Yet, 4 Dems still voted to confirm him. What gives?
Ajit's LEGITFree & open internet's great but net neutrality=govtfeds out of cyberspace & web surfers. Wes can handle D net ourselves
Everyone in the country should go back to paying their monthly bills with paper checks, again.
Thank you for voting against @AjitPaiFCC and for #NetNeutrality, @SenKamalaHarris.
Can some1 tell me why Pajeet is such a bad choice?

Rip
Thank you for your vote. Unfortunately, Pai is misplaced as FCC chairman (to say the least). We need a champion of the people at the helm.
What about strong encryption?  Or do you agree with Feinstein that the NSA needs more power?

Wondering if they'll try to use the mayhem with Russia and our social media somehow to further that agenda.
He is a puppet for the machine American people better WAKE UP
Thank you for voting against Ajit Pai, Senator. I appreciate your hard work defending our rights.
Another Trump minion.
UR agenda is clear. Unfollowed.
You make us proud keep voting for the people
You R an authentic leader in the senate!
Please hold him accountable. 
Why is this administration so bent on wrecking the country?
#pathologicalnarcissism
Soon we'll be told what we can watch on tv and what we can put on the internet.  Everyday they make their move while all the chaos in W.H.
Yea
No surprise the only Dems to vote for Pai have some of the highest % of residents with NO internet connections.
Run...You & Al.
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris! #HarrisNewsome4President2018!
Someone, PLEASE, call it The Corporate Party, as much and as often as you can. GOP does not represent who they are. Corporate Party
There is no free & open internet. Last Admin sold it to ISPs and big tech.  Do you know anything more than this non info?
You want free and open internet through escalated government regulations... oxymoronic.
Net neutrality rules are neither & supported by Google and Facebook which are both anti-Free Speech & pro censorship. So are you, sad!
U gotta run in 2020....our country needs ur courage n leadership..
THANK YOU
If only you had the same values on financial fraud that one west committed. You later accepted money from Muchin. 
Seriously ?
Thank you.
Tool Pai needs to be removed ...
My original thoughts about the Trump Admin were that they wanted to hobble the American people. Wrong, they want to destroy us. Completely.
you are a fool.  Does Schumer feed you stuff to say?  how to vote?  What a ludite you are. I am sure you know nothing about Net Neutrality
I am grateful every day--consciously, purposefully--that I can call you my Senator! 
Thank you Senator Harris!
Sadly, we have turncoats
Sen.Claire McCaskill (D-Mo.);Sen.Jon Tester (D-Montana); Sen. Gary Peters (D-Mich.); & Sen. Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.)
They ALL need to go. Gotta vote em out at 1st opportunity. 
Thank you!
#BERNIEHARISS2020
Agreed. Ajit Pai is bad news.
WE MUST HAVE NET NEUTRALITY #NetNeutrality
Much more concerned about Brian Benczkowski NEVER being confirmed! Can't put fox in charge of hen house. Please fight like hell to keep out!
They confirmed him. They better not mess with the Internet. People count on it. We need to vote all these people out.
Thank you #indivisiblesf
His reasoning makes absolutely no sense. He needs to be investigated for kickbacks.
All right!
Thank you for working to defend our rights!
THANK YOU!  Ajit is a puppet on a string...Just like everyone else in 45's cabinet.
The swamp is filled with billionaires, trump's supporters, and people that support trump's agenda. We have no way to fight this corruption.
Why did they approved him? Know what he stands for, why?
Thank you for looking out for all Americans
End citizens United vote for your constituents not your donors! We will primary every NeoCon on both sides of the aisle! You work for us!
Thank you, Senator Harris!
Thank you. There is nothing more dangerous than the control of knowledge. We can not allow the web to be controlled by the highest bidder.
Thank you
Thank you for your vote Senator. Looks like the fight to keep Net Neutrality continues.
So business as usual for the Republicans. Terrific. 
Another in a cadre of sociopaths appointed to the Trump admin... probably based on a list from the Kochs, Mercers or Heritage Fdn.
You have my vote in 2020!
Yes @SenKamalaHarris in these mins, TRUTHFULLY, ☻
5:04pmct @SenKamalaHarris, @CSPAN 2 U.S. Senate, TRUTH
By the time Mueller removes the Cheeto, government will be so packed with awful people his removal will make little difference
Yay! I would, too. For the average American, he would turn the information superhighway into a backwoods dirt road.
Thank you, @SenKamalaHarris! :)
REJECT AjitPai, @SenSherrodBrown @Send @senatorCollins @senfeinstein @LisaMurkowski! #Protect OpenInternet!!! #SaveNetNeutrality!!
Senator Feinstein has been a neocon forever she is outlived her usefulness she chose corporations over constituents along time ago
The only time this administration hires someone competent, they're also evil.
Net neutrality is a must! Internet providers must treat data the same and not discriminate. Great work. Keep it up. @SenBrianSchatz too! 
I love this lady stays true to convictions free and open internet for all is a must. Corporations need to stay outta politics.
Ajit Pai's homepage is Yahoo!
Thank you.
Thank you for trying to block this appalling choice.
