because, unsurprisingly, the GOP cares far more for wealthy CEO's than fair pay and safe workplaces. Shameful.
Mikey, clearly you don't understand what the executive order says or how it affects biz and stifles jobs.
Federal contractors having to disclose labor law violations when looking for work is stifling?
Yes, especially when the labor laws are crippling businesses to begin with.
How is it crippling them?
Because they actually have to pretend to give a shit about employees
and wasting money and resources that could have been used to hire more.
Oh bullshit!  They don't hire more; they pocket the money. Just ask Kansas.
Thanks for alerting us!
That's the saddest part, that you need someone on Twitter to let you know this was even a thing.
I agree, wish we still had an investigative press following news rather than tweets
Or you could pay attention to what's going on that concerns you. Most info is public record & scheduled in adv.
And part of the problem is that most of the populuation that isn't involved with that daily has no clue what it is.
@602Erik keep resisting, show those f*ckers what democracy looks like
Demoracy means the government forcing businesses to "comply" because it's "good"? GTFOH. LOL
@DavidYankovich Santan is alive and well in the Republican Party
@JamesPMorrison  Count on things the @GOP Congress & @realDonaldTrump have done that helped the working class stands at 0.
actually, it's more like -50 that the @GOP @realDonaldTrump has done to help working class & poor.
Read the book 1984 ... and find out where we're headed
yeah, did in prep school 
I'm not sure if I could reread it now....
@PrincessBravato Changing the laws for the worst. All the laws that big businesses hate. Not cost effective.
@sfhater Hateful scum. GOP, that is. We will just have to bring all these regs back in a couple years....
saw it and don't believe it.
@tammy It really wasn't quiet. It's been all over Twitter today. You just need to know whom to follow.
But what do they care? The only people impacted are workers. And workers are poor and expendable.
As long as profits stay strong, what's a few injured or killed workers? Just go out and hire more.
@mrsboughter
@sfhater link?
they are taking the opportunity from the loud chaos going on in the WH to further destroy the lives of the American people
@Sunnysgrl62 Its terrible..as are many other things. But wronv hill to fight on right now.
what are you gonna do about it besides tweet and offer platitudes
So the people supporting him get destroyed by him every day!! Things will get worse as long as he is POTUS! Wake up!!!
@damonbethea1 it took blooming idiots to vote for Trump
how is this possible? What does this mean for workers?
@sfhater  Silent but deadly: GOP
Trumpsters middleclass is not going to get what you voted for. You were duped.@GOP running roughshod over America
So Senate Republicans just get off taking every good thing away includingR right 2clean h2o & air now fair pay
@DavidYankovich I really despise the GOP, as for the ppl that voted them in, totally duped... SAD!
@SpryGuy - Why would Americans vote these idiots in office? Just to screw us?
if you all get it on record that you condemn these moves  by GOP it will easier later after we get TrumpNco out to overturn
any word from @IvankaTrump
How could the working class have voted for Trump? All he and GOP care about is pro business; not the working man!
they hated having a Black president more.
@BarackObama TRUTH. HOPE THEIR RACISM AND ELECTING A RACIST BITES THEM HARD
Another day another destructive act
@TheDudeSeesAll Of course they did! With a name like that, it stands against many GOP values. Please stop these traitors!
@KateAlex1984 Under the cover of darkness they move to complete there dirty work After we r done with him we will fix all
this Congress is not only tainted and suspect but derelict in their duties and have put in direct harm our country
Does this eliminate OSHA?
can't the democrats do a commercial a week about what liberties/rights died that week like in the Hunger Games?
why? Why are they doing this? I feel so powerless.
they've been busy today.
@Eaglesmith Out of control
@lambzy12 Poor marketing on Dem's part. Everyone should be tweeting & hashtagging this & framing it w right msg @SenateDems
are the working poor getting the message yet, Conservatives are for the rich
@SenStabenow  KEEP THIS UP @GOP... WE'LL REMEMBER YOU IN 2018. WE'RE TAKING NAMES 
@livegreenordie They deport the people that can't get fair pay or working conditions and then take ALL others rights away ?
@livegreenordie They passed this or just trying?
@livegreenordie What the hell is wrong with the Republican party? Do none of them have working family &friends? Their sick
oh and let's celebrate International Women's Day. Shame on Trump and the selfish and heartless Republicans.
I wonder if that only applies to Dems.....Seems like deplorables will take a beating too!
why?? Why do they hate the working class so much??
@aayers324 And this is the agenda the Mormon #MAGA bastards I used to work for tried pounding up their employee's asses
the dirty dogs!
Not gonna be quiet any more. The @GOP's about to get its ass kicked. @SenKamalaHarris @kelly_carlin
@GOP every move you make is being documented to be used in a voting booth against you. Pound another nail in the coffin
How did Dems let this happen? This is just what these Rethuglicans have bn aiming for for 30 years.
the idiot - on MLK he insulted Lewis, Holocaust Remembrance Day he insults the Jewish faith & now women on #IWD
he's like the narcissist who has to ruin every holiday bc it isn't all about him....
Which means it's time for We the People to vote ALL OT THEM out of office as soon as possible.
Terrible news along with the rest of the terrible news.
I have this feeling that they will quietly be eliminating a lot of things that protect everyday Americans, with diversions.
Szzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz.....TRUMPETS!...ARE U LISTENING? OR DO JUST DON'T CARE? CONSERVATIVES? R U TRULY CHRISTIANS? FAIR?SAFE?
Why do they hate us?
@gotdem Becuz safety+fairness have no place in a Republican led World.Someone tell Trump:"strong reader"NOT "leader"needed.
Does that mean they got rid of overtime rules or labor commissioners or both?
They are dismantling everything. We're doomed!
WTF is going on??  Seriously!  They hate Obama so much they want to set us back 80 years?

I know the Koch Bros own Ryan who in Senate do they own .. all Republicans?
America has officially gone down the toilet.
@GOP was salivating 4 @realDonaldTrump so they could systematically take away everything that helps middle class & the poor
starting w/removing FHA credit & it's only gotten worse since #Impeach
Wtaf??????
@OurbabyMinx There is nothing fair or safe about this GOP party. They are crooks and liars.
the Art of the Steal. hearts of stone.
@A_ThinkingGirl What I missed that, thank you.
64 promises #trump has broken. Add: No better wages, good jobs. Live in pov., die early w/out health care.
they really hate everyone don't they?  Waiting for their drunk on power hangover, it is going to be fun to watch.
we need to continue to #RESIST.
good news what worker wants that
not surprising, Reps are always against the working class.
@InSpiteOfTrump #shameful that contractors who kill and injure workers get a pass
@loveletters2007 They've already eliminated Democracy. Anything else is just crazy.
@SallyAlbright Of course they did. Trump's tweets are a distraction.
and the hits just keep on coming...
I'm not surprised! The So Called President like to grab women's .
The Devil's thugs, for sure.
The working-class white folks in the rust belt voted for this, so they can have it I guess...
#MAGA
@Janfrog1 This has has got to stop!  Every Act and law to protect and help Americans is being repealed and/or replaced!
@SenStabenow So @POTUS doesn't care if the gov't gives contracts to suppliers who break the law? @GOP IS BACKING FELONS NOW
This is the core problem in the workforce of today.
@LivingBlueinRed of course they did
News like this never gets to #MyHairdresser.  This is why the good loses, and why we are stuck in this miserable Admin.
CREEPY STUFF HAPPENING
His master plan is working, spew crap to keep everyone looking one way and slash things while no one is pay attention!!!
I knew tha was coming screw the worker. Wonder how many repugs this effects.
For ppl on thread asking (reasonably) how they could have elected 45, brilliant thread explains.
1/ Regarding my last rant, it might be helpful to give my background on living in a conservative environment, amid white supremacy… (thread)
Workers who voted for Trumpshould realize the his promises were empty. Another lie.
Can someone stop the legislature until all ties to Russia are investigated? Surely some Repubs are in on it.
And are directed at companies with federal contracts, you conveniently left that out
Wow, it's almost as if his campaign and promises to the American People were all just complete horse shit.
Some people are real DICKS. If something won't be missed why the trouble to get rid of it - Rep's hate people
Safety is 4 ppl who don't like a challenge & low pay builds character. Women? Well they should be in the kitchen anyway.
: there moving things so fast I can't keep track. This is disturbing and thanks for your tweets. Will research. Best2u 
what was in that order that got repealed?
No matter what it is, if Obama signed it Trump wants to undo it. What. The. Fuck.
@MrsVSNC09 good for them!!
really
%@^%*@^%*^!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@sandyturner01 @SenKamalaHarris   WHAT?
EVERYTHING trump is doing is for people most likely to bribe him. WHERE ARE TRUMPS TAX RETURNS ?
@PetersonParker of course they eliminated Fair Play. GOP has never cared abt working people. GOP's a party of the wealthy.
@askmcginty @seanspicer thrump has conned #bigly the American workers #crookeddonald #russianbank
Why are they working against Americans having a good life.
Of course they did.
I argue 3 types of trump voters. The simpletons, the bigots, and those looking to feed off corruption.
go after the republicans. We count on you to oust trump andsesdions
GOP have nvr worked for the working men. Trump pulled off the biggest con convincing people he would do different

Does this include the overtime pay being changed? I am not seeing anything on that.
because the media won't report on all the things t/republicans are doing could you give us a running list so we can inform
oooh, lax safety regulations at work coupled with no health insurance.  I can tell they really care about us.
They @SenateGOP @GOP @realDonaldTrump are dismantling our democracy...all that is good!
B 4 they impeach #45 let's loot the citizens! Meanwhile in N. Korea....
Obviously you have never owned a business. Bosses value good workers and fire bad ones.
Republican overreach?
Or are they just punishing everybody for electing a black man to the WH 
Teaching us a lesson maybe?
Glad the Walmart workers who thought Trump was going to make them rich, enjoy 80 hr work weeks w/o overtime
@SpeakerRyanDick And backward and into a hole we all go.
@LedJEFFlin We need to organize task forces to stay on top of various areas, rather than all reacting to the last thing.
where can we read what was in it?  Or obtain a copy?
Every Trump supporter deserves what they get. Even today, if you calmy try to explain how he's hurting them, they attack.
@SpeakerRyan Little men of Congress! This pretty much proves what they think about women including their wives & daughters!
I don't understand how people vote against theirown interest. The GOP is not the partyof the people And Dems need to change
 RT @EllenPompeo: RT @SenKamalaHarris: Not to be missed: Senate Republicans just quietly eliminated the Fair Pay & Safe Workplaces order.
Caution Republicrooks at work
@gop shame on them.
@marycmccormack WHY?! What advantage does it give those assholes to squash good working people?!?! I can't take this shit!
@realDonaldTrump is a dispicable con artist on a good day and a bad human, the rest of the time #makeadifference #Impeach45
What is actually happening here? Did the GOP all make a religious death pact or what? Its all so culty and weird.
Can you explain this order?
@Truthbuster 
@JustSchmeltzer , yup. That was the plan. They allow #potus45 to ridicule himself as @GOP kills all the progress made
Middle class should be very worried, the dark forces are moving. @SenKamalaHarris @DavidCornDC
Wny? Why would they do this?
forget this $400 million Exe Order was thrown out of Fed Court. Next time, PASS A LAW! now please go back to work.
How anyone in the working middle class thought DJT and GOP would look out for their interests escapes me.
.@jmanandmegzmom @SenKamalaHarris
IMO lots just couldn't vote for Dems; were hoping against hope wouldn't get screwed too much
@Sheare_Bliss _ Their savagery will turn America upside down using the time up to the midterm election next year.
Rule of thumb: when Trump has delusional tweet storms, find sneaky shit they're trying to do while everyone is distracted.
This comes under the category of "anything for a buck."
This is real America which has been Hiding behind a Mask
Regulations = Consumer Protections. We're screwed!
@minter01.  The avalanche goes on while we obsess over #Trump Tweets.  He is simply part of the problem.
while the deflector in chief garners all the attention away from GOP machinations
Let's C how the avg American working class fares w his real policy: screw the workers & protecxt corporations."
Where is D leadership.  Why isn't this making news?
@marenkiersti Yes! Lest get back to dangerous and unsafe workplaces. When do they repeal the child labor laws?
disgusting under handed spineless trolls!!!#resit
R supporters won't believe any of this until it actually hits them in their pay check.
In layman's terms - what does this mean to employees / your constituents? What are they not covered for?
we need to focus on CA at this point. We're practically our own country already. 2 hell w DC. #DefundDC
keep the pressure on Lyin @SenatorSession . He needs to resign immediately. Lying under oath is not ok. #lyinjeffsessions
@DavidCornDC This is what GOP was counting on--chaos so we wouldn't know the real destruction they are doing.
Kamala, put this on the mountain tops.  "NO FAIR PAY NOR SAFE WORKPLACES?"; NOT PAYING ATTN;; TUFF cuz Im Trump.
@barkflight I noticed but shit there's only so much a human can absorb in a 24 hour period. Which is what they're hoping.
.@SenKamalaHarris @DavidCornDC
You're are new in DC. News: Anything with word "fair" or "affordable" is a screw job on the American people
We have entered a dark age.Every friggin' day rights are being taken away, no care for citizens of the U.S.
How low can the @GOP go? Apparently all the way down the sewer.
the @GOP MUST GO NOW!!! #ANGRYAMERICANS #REVOLT #GOPGONE #TURNITBLUE
They are flat out anti-American. Each step is pro bus, unraveling our protections, protecting corruption & weakening us.
GOP loves having a maniac in office so they can rape us of our rights and install their Wealth Care on the down low.
Thats exactly what the little guy was complaining about, fair pay and safe workplace. Thank you ignorant Trump & greedy GOP
It was a junk order, completely unnecessary. We have equal pay.

@BlueSpiderwort Why on earth would they do this crap to Americans in the workforce? Party of the People puhleeeze
Thanks for letting us know. Unbelievably sneaky of them!
@Cali4niaCarolyn And many other things. They are gutting the US. Please investigate Trump.

we need to keep our eye on the ball and not get distracted by the wiretap smokescreen. It's a #diversion.
@Liberalibrarian my days of joyriding on the scissor lift are over. Damn
Actually this is exactly the things that are being missed. They work in the dark.
, other bills 2 mention on my Radio KUCI show 2morrow? will add this to: HRs 861, 610, 899,69, 370, 354, 785, 83,147, & 808
How very Christian of them !
@Stephanie_K_B site your sources, please. :)
thank you Senator Harris! Please keep speaking out and fighting for us!!!
but they are for the working people! NOT!!! #ImpeachDonaldTrump #resist
@angelamromack how does this not fall under human rights? Don't get it! He's gotta go NOW! 
@DavidCornDC Media keep talking the bait. Meantime he is destroying 44 legacy.
