Make no mistake, diversity in education makes everyone smarter. It’s a strength not a weakness.
Campus diversity helps disrupt the cycle of resegregation. It promotes understanding & breaks down racial stereotypes.
SCOTUS said “Student body diversity promotes learning outcomes, & better prepares students for an increasingly diverse workforce & society.”
Then let's fight back. Surely there's some kind of bill or oversight that can stop this.
We have to win the House in 2018 & control spending. Shut him down. #CleanHouse2018
Control spending? Lmao
Omg that's a good one
Divide us?? Without racism you are out of a job!!
Yes indeed.
Not really.  Getting rid of #AffirmativeAction  actually makes us equal.   What's divisive is your identity politics.
Henry, you are wrong. We can only get rid of AA when there is more income equality and all public schools are funded equally.
No. Discrimination does not fix discrimination.  Put a #Resist bumper sticker on your car. Maybe that will do something. #AffirmativeAction
Were you replying to my comment? If so, your response doesn't follow. Equal funding of public schools is not discrimination.
Let's all #kneel for all those who have been singled out, discriminated against, stereotyped, and told "too bad", in the name of #affirmativeaction  . #NFLracists #NFLracistsloveobama #NFLcriminals #FuckTheNFL
Affirmative action is part of the communist plot to overthrow USA.
Divided to conquer!! This country is going backwards? Sad!!
Let's face it, Sessions and this potus are some of the most bigoted people around. It's a shame for all of us. This must stop.
Blah blah. Usual liberal name calling .  You naturally assume any white male is a bigot
Only white people who show they are even though that does not include the millions that are but don't openly show it like my ex coworkers
So you're a mindreader .
Can we get these alt right left over white supremacist people out of the white house?
#Division is a job of #democrats 
Look at MSM #Hollywood & #elite #bankers pushing #nonprofit 4 #socialjustice #ProxyWar 4 #policestate
What can we do about this?
Why are we not surprised that there is a racist agenda disguised as a helpful bill
It's working very well. You are absolutely divided. Us against them instead of what's best for all.
That man acts like he has been in a coma. Woody Allen's "Sleeper" comes to mind. His knowledge of history stopped in 1861.
Because there are just too few whites kids getting into college...
Didn't little Jeffie learn his lesson about making you mad? Poor little man....
Of course it is, he's a cracker 
Bull. If anyone is dividing us it's libs like you.
While they seem to have no interest in those admitted through legacy discriminiationir because their parents made a donation
It also serves as a dog whistle
Some nerve. The family of affirmative nepotism goes after affirmative action. Not one of them, Don Sr., Ivanka Jared has earned a thing.
Let's all #kneel for all those who have been singled out, discriminated against, stereotyped, and told "too bad", in the name of #affirmativeaction  . #NFLracists #NFLracistsloveobama #NFLcriminals #FuckTheNFL
Those in power are trying to leave their racist nationalist imprint before DJT is removed from office
Affirmative action is reverse discrimination and a communist supported program.
Sessions is an unreconstructed southerner still lamenting the Civil War loss.
Well the Good Old Boys want their Good Old Days back, so not surprised.
#GOP #GOPcomplicit #TrumpRussia #WHITEsupremacist
attack on affirmative action for 64 Asian Students, are you drunk?
He just not wearing his hood now, we have a long way to go.
Divide and conquer; an ancient military tactic.
Department of Justification

Wow dellusional or what? We just got out of 8 yrs of the most devissiveness this Nation has ever seen since the war between the States.
Sessions should have been fired &locked up for lying under oath? Why is this Racist liar still in office!? Because of GOP supporters.
Still trying to climb the ladder of recognition aren't ya, Americans have no respect for you
Sessions still is a member of the KKK, Trump and his band of Fascists will start a civil war. This is not 1965
This is the ultimate dream of a Klansman, the power to roll back every program to protect the vulnerable.  @birdieglad @jeffsessions
Don't nobody fall for it
How is deeming people values based on their skin color or gender and not on their merit seen as "progressive"
Not only divide but spread far apart. Thanks for all you do, @SenKamalaHarris
Sessions & Miller are BFF's Senator. Treachery w/Bannon only makes it worse. They have No Business working in the public trust. None Zero!
They have looked at every growth statistic that surpasses nonPOC and started targeting it.
#AffirmativeAction benefits EVERYONE except white men! And, white men are the ones wanting change. NO! Many Trump voters will also lose out.
Not an attack on affirmative action and you know it. This 'matter' (You Dimms love that word) concerns a lawsuit brought by Asian students.
You're twisting it into a white vs black thing without any regard for the truth. You're a creature of the Democrat party. Souless harpy.
We don't need affirmative action in America. We need qualified Americans
AA is a method to achieve diversity. This administration is challenging whether diversity itself is an appropriate goal.
They want to get ppl fighting each other black whites Latino etc. It's not going to work. They r doing this because they w/ distract Russia
Please adress white preaches who support trump with black congregations. Ask where they stand, trump or Jesus?
Well duh! You can't get back to the Stone Age by going forward..  :|
FYI - minority enrollment at top tier colleges paltry
So for all you ignorant Kamala sycophants this is an add to hire attorneys for law suit filed by Asian orgs under Pres O  about Univ discr
i don't want an America with 3 K's
@AprilDRyan #Truth!
We've got to show up in record numbers in '16 to correct this BS.
"If I could turn back time"...@cher
@MosesDidItBest 
Not
Gonna
Work
Don't you think the timing of this is meant to distract us from other things that are happening?
True but you s miller with the help of bannon working on immigration. Expect more division and less diversity from the fascist wing.
Sessions is racist through and through
Not going to let it happen! #Resist!
Still can't get anyone to explain to me why this lying bigot is still AG.#resist
The best part about the idiots trying 2 split us is they r doing the opposite. Dems. R pulling together 2 fight the orange menace, some Rs 2
Actually, discontinuing preferential treatment of people based on skin color is unifying, not divisive. You do know this case is abt Asians
When you vote for a Jerk & don't vote bc of APATHY you get what you Deserve and that's what America has  now a JERK & that is being  nice
Latina American COLORED me was turned away from 10 Nursing Schools in The 1970's Because I was NOT WHITE ENOUGH FOR THE PATIENTS! F++KTRUMP
America I'm a NYer & I know trump is a racist of the KKK kind He wanted to kill teen age Black children for a crime they didn't commit in NY
So true. People need to remember the Central Park 8. If they don't know about them then they need to read up on the case!
Oops Central Park 5*
This is the fight/discussion Dump wants
And turn out voters. Nothing amps up my people more than telling them you whill fight affirmative action. It's disgusting.
MAGA means "make America the same as it was in the 50's", when white men had it good. Joe McCarthy is laughing maniacally from the ether.
This Klansman won't be satisfied until cotton is hand picked, strange fruit hangs from trees and the dirty South rises again. Jail him now
#GOP
#White

Think it is a rescue for White applicant Only..
@realdonaldtrump is favoring #Chinese #Japanese.
Jeff Sessions’ attack on #AffirmativeAction is yet another attempt by this Administration to roll back progress & divide us.
@lorax58 @LESTERJ205
Republicans have always wanted to roll back all civil rights accomplishments #enslaved #africans #built #D.C  #whitehouse not these #racist
AA is government sanctioned racial discrimination.
Minorities who voted or supported Trump think that Trump likes you or supports you,you come from another world.
Trump wants the attention away from Russia.
Remember 'What has the Democratic party done for you?' from @realDonaldTrump when he was running his campaign..Hmmm Jus Sayin
Trump and many on his administration want only white people in America. That is why they want to choose who comes into America.
I don't think so Kamala
I think it is good for Jeff Sessions to pursue litigation against "reverse racism," but that "racism" is probably a much more significant
problem in society.
Who are the biggest beneficiaries of Affirmative Action these days? Asking for a friend, who said the masses may be surprised by the answer.
Actually, it's not even that deep an excuse; the attack is to try to appease what's left of Trump's support, in the wake of so much losing.
cycle is to pull people out of it.
People don't need access to education because of their skin color, but because oppression perpetuates itself, and the best way to break the
On the other hand, if there are racist selection committees, then skin-color specific promotion into education facilities is needed to
Education seems meaningless when medical regulators enable repeated acts of perjury and litigate false claims. 
Discrimination is illegal #AffirmativeAction doesn't treat everyone equally & unconstitutional Why is #KamalaHarris against equality
Pressure colleagues in the House to begin impeachment proceedings to remove toxic waste & restore the democracy of this great experiment.
How is doj fighting racial discrimination an attempt to roll back progress? Unless your progress equals racial discrimination?
And,  really, aren't there more important things to worry about?
That and add to that Texas arming everyone. I like Westerns but don't want to FN live one
Exactly! Please impeach him soon! Thanks!
Exactly
This administration is pulling the troops out of the south  and reconstruction is ending all over again. #he's playing to his base
Your party has decided this country
It is unspeakable
So you want more kids to go to college get into 150k of debt and not get a job? You need to work on student loan reform
It's scary, bcz I know my family isn't fighting these battles. We include POC, Black, Hispanic, White, Vets. LGBT, Muslim, Disabled, Elderly
They want to bring back segregation it seems. So sad. #smh #integrationhappened #CivilRights
You use more sexist, racist language than I have ever heard from Mr Sessions.
Like you better with the mask 
We are ALREADY divided....wake up, Senator.
No it's not!! Affirmative Action is inherently racist. Just ask Asians!! Btw, black have not benefited from it. Look at the facts & stats!!
Dictators - Autocrats want to divide us. Civil war helps them bring military Justice
Issue is a racist from AL using the DoJ Civil Rights to sue on behalf of mediocre white people.  Bizzaro World!

I can say that.  #WhiteGuy
Fortunately, they're unintentionally uniting us. They're ridiculous (at best) and their policies and pronouncements will not stand.
Jeff Sessions is showing his real colors. Rep. John Lewis was right about him.
While STEALING intellectual props?
Why are @realDonaldTrump trolls on ANCESTRY selling my lands
 ALL OVER THE WORLD
Didn't CA get rid of AA already?
He's such a repressive man.
Desperate attempt to promote racial tribalism to divert attention from sinking ship
we are not going back we are moving forward  This administration is just about over
This whole administration is shameful, and goes against everything America has ever been about. It's a disgrace.
It's not like AA didn't see this coming. BEFORE the election. Revolution, indeed.
*glares at susan sarandon*
So civil rights don't apply to white people?
You misspelled reverse discrimination.
.@SenKamalaHarris common sense would suggest that they ought to strengthen protection for minorities ... these white folks will be one soon.
By #affirmativeaction do you mean #blackprivilege. Benefits assigned by race? Doesn't sound very progressive to me.
Obama already did that! He damaged the #democrat party more than any other. as long as you continue with #BLM thinking you're stuck
#AffirmativeAction awards based on color of skin rather than content of character and merit
The purpose of affirmative action is to bridge the divide. What is he doing?

I know maybe you can't say it as a Senator, so I will .He's a racist. His ideologies are based in racism. He's an old southern racist.
Affirmative Action is legal discrimination against white males
Any white male who can't leverage those two factors to help make something of themselves has no one to blame but himself.  It's absurd!
Giving people special treatment based on the color of their skin isn't progress.
It won't work.  Ever.
We have to fight for equality!!!
Affirmative action is racism. Racism divides us. End racism.

Jeff Sessions' lessor tracked lie from confirmation hearings: He vowed to “protect #LGBTQ rights and safety,” http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/jeff-sessions-assault-on-gay-workers-revealed-yet-another-lie-he-told-at-confirmation-hearings_us_597c8d94e4b02a8434b6b2f3 …
I love this lady. She will become  POTUS
It's Eyes on the prize time my sister, we must hold on.#Byanymeansnecessary #we'vecometofartostop
We've been fighting for over 200 years in this country things like this unite not divide us
By definition, affirmative action divides us.  College admission should be based on academic achievement, not race.
Black men must show up and vote in 2018. It's vital
Senator you are doing a great job of dividing this country. You are new to the job so you will learn.
Does anyone in this admin even talk to each other?! On the heels of this comes...well, this:
Stephen Miller sites black adult male unemployment rate when talking new immigration reform policy.
Affirmative Action is actually bad because college/job selection process is race-based. Fair is merit-based, so ALL can try EQUALLY!
One of #JeffSessions first attackson #AffirmativeAction was hiring #StephenMiller
Trump/Sessions: Make America 1950 Again
We WILL NOT be divided. Every stupid move they make just strengthens our determination for Equality, Transparency, Accountability, Civility!

#AffirmativeAction hoax is because @realdonaldtrump is very agitated & belligerent w/ jeff sessions over Russia recusal
I'm not surprised!  He's always been a racist!
This is just something to divide people. It's a subject that fuels hate.
What do you expect from a southern fried red-neck. All the fool is missing is his white sheet.
It's bait to lure the left off focus. Look at Trump enriching himself off the presidency and the coverup.
@alfranken . Midwest. With @SenKamalaHarris   West Coast.

The product of a (Stuart) Little mind.  I swear when I hear his voice,  I have an image of Jerry Falwell.
....sad not surprising though
Amen!  Let's not get side track, let's be clear, JEFF SESSIONS IS A RACIST!  Irregardless of Trump h hating on him! Sessions is a hater too!
Ugh he makes my ass itch...he needs to go back to his tree and bake cookies or do push-ups or something!
@DJGuerra81 and republicans love sessions. sez it all doesn't it.
From the queen of the identity politics party.
Disgusting what trump and DOJ Sessions is during.  Gonna be outrage protest like back in the 60's
Don't let them get away with their hateful agenda. I believe in @SenKamalaHarris ! Smart really matters!
This country is too diverse to have this type of injustice served!
It's more about relegating us to a permanent underclass than merely dividing us. His agenda is death dealing to African Americans.
Or virtual slavery through voter suppression, gerrymandering, Sessions renewal of "war on drugs" & now reducing opp to move up  in class.
If you keep telling people they are "marginalized", they'll start to believe it. Affirmative action does just that. Everyone deserves chance
I'm against affirmative action.But only because any law giving preference to anyone over anyone else is wrong-to me.That's not what this is.
Thats true divide and conquer
It's time for us to be united around Merit.
Senator CA is a great example of how no AA makes the best public schools on merit as an asian american yourself it discriminates against us
White women benefit more from affirmative action. So I will stand with your assessment on Asians.
That is not what you said. You said holding back whites.
Have a blessed day. I hope love for God's children is your true motivator. Race is over rated.
Please fight against the RAISE Act!
1950's here we come white privilege is the norm if we don't stop it by getting out vote for DEMS in 2018 VOTE VOTE DEMS
Finally, white people can get a fair chance at success!
White woman benefit more from affirmative action. So, should you say white males?
Good catch, Jackie. I'm finally gonna have a chance in this country! /s
I hope you do! Everyone deserves an education, if they choose to get one!
Yes. Divide and conquer. AND DISTRACT!
This has Sessions and Bannon written all over it! Trump is not smart enough.. Also, can we expose rich people who "donate" for admissions.
Oh so you support discrimination against whites?
You know that affirmative action has benefited white women the most. It not all about white people...
I agree! Everyday this administration scares me more. What can we do?
Mrs. King warned us
Parents teach racism. It's hard to break the cycle within families. They need help.
Which is precisely why we need to include an anti-racist agenda in our school's curriculums.
Please stop him. I think he thinks folks support him because they don't want him fired. Wrong!
Colleges should base on the student's grades and sat scores.  Not on where u live or what color is ur skin
This is a very scary and dangerous plan. Going back to the 50's? What is happening to America?
People do not recognize not everyone is raised & educated on even ground, factors that are not the fault of the potential college student 
Actually Obama and his ilk was responsible for all the division in America you can stop grandstanding now and do your job
Oh, do tell us more.
