I don’t serve on that committee but here's what I'm looking for in today's proceedings.
We need clear answers to basic questions on Sessions’ involvement with Russia, and his contact and correspondence with Russian officials.
I asked these questions back in June when he was under oath before the Senate Intelligence Committee & he refused to answer.
I asked him to name the written legal basis for evading these questions. He could not provide one.
It is unacceptable that the top law enforcement official in the country cannot name the legal basis for evading questions from the Senate.
Today, if he attempts to evade questions again, he should be pressed on this point.
The American people don’t deserve evasion, they deserve the truth.
I think today's Comey tweets by Trump was a warning being sent to AG Sessions about his testimony in front of Senate Judiciary this morning
so the keebler can be intimidated....
unlike the keeblers who follow the woman who signed off 20% urainium to who she calls our worst enemy Putin then gets donations from Russia
sorry, that was debunked.
Blahahah only by Hillary and Bill was it debunked. Senators questions Sessions on an investigation into it yesterday at hearings.
bahaha - 47 followers? troll.
More lies?
More lies
What's Sessions' incentive to tell the truth if he gets away with perjury?
Not the first time he’s done it.
Sen. Harris, don't let him creep away when you ask the hard questions. Keep pressing until he stutters and stumbles all over his response.
He did show up...that's about all!!
Ku klux Keebler will simply lie and not answer questions. Nothing new will come of this.
Love your nickname for Jeff the Elf!  Leahy did have him squirming and stuttering a bit.
Excellent
Unfortunately —- He Did The Same Thing  . The Evil Elf Evaded Every Question .
You mean he will lie before the Senate Judiciary Committee?
I hope this time he shows you more respect and also answers your questions
Yes but u dropped ball. ASK ABOUT NON-EXEC PRIV CAMPAIGN. Trump briefed on Russia Jul/aug, all sanctions talk after = aid/abet quid pro quo.
That was a joke!
Go get him Senator, go get him!
@navi_tavi And we got what we expected!
i beg to differ! he will LIE before the senate judiciary committee. beauregard has as much respect for the truth as he does for minorities.
hi Bob. Lord thru his elfin teeth.
hi colleen
lying has become so commonplace in this admin. that we trnd to just accept that they will do it. acceptance is not an option!
agree! 
When he talks I hear this.
Remember when a deserving veteran gave candidate Trump his Purple Heart? I'm willing to bet he's regretful. #DEFERMENT 5
He admitted to perjuring himself the last time he testified..he shouldn't be AG anymore.
@SenKamalaHarris  We all know Jeff Sessions do not want to See You again.  He's afraid of Real American Heroes
That was not testifying, it was obstructing and outrageously defensive. Not answering questions as if he has some special privilege
hope you will therewhen?Ms Prosecutor
#LockHimUp
Why is a perjurer still in office? Sessions should be gone.
Don't expect the truth. He already lied under oath. Why in the world does he keep his job when he is so obviously corrupt?!
And lie.
Why? These are pointless testamonies.
Little pixie man was lying thru his teeth.
I hope you made him nervous again, Senator Harris!
Crash him!
Would love to see the same level of questioning and passion when you ask HRC and Obama about their Russian interactions. Slipped your mind?
Is it a closed session?
Hahahaha “testify”. #SessionsHearing
Will someone please ask him why he lied about conversations with Russians and what perjury means?
Sadly, to Sessions, testifying does not mean telling the truth.
Jeff Sessions does not lie - awful statement.
I wish you were at the hearing today.
Thank you so much for all you do for the country.
Please make him stutter again!!! That gave me so much life
Under oath? He has a history of lying to the senate.
He is really painful to watch it’s sad
Very interesting. The nerve,  telling, a Senator, to " check his source". Brazen ..little thing, isn't he!
Any comments on The #Clinton #RussiaBribery scandal that #FBI covered up under Mueller & #Obama?
A very memorable day  Senator Harris had him.....
#ALL #SHOOK #UP 
I hope you didn't make him so nervous that he could not rightly recall any answers?
Yes, but will he actually answer any questions?
Attorney General Keebler Sessions'll perjur himself&should be locked up immediately after Washington Post publishes an article exposing him.
He was full of the same logjam crap as last time.
He stalled and lied his way through the whole thing. Amazing what our government has turned into
Hope you bring him up on perjury charges while you’re at it!
I’m recording it to watch in small doses. It’s so hard to watch a public servant lying  to Congress & ppl. Terrible example to young ppl.
His amnesia is already in motion. Didn’t do it, know nothing, heard nothing, see nothing. Duh!
Are you making him nervous? 
Sessions,  A sawed off southern, prejudice twerp.
I hope no one makes him nervous. I wonder how many times he will say he doesn't recall...anything.
Oh boy, more perjury!
And lie
and it's a shame you sren't on the committee, bc you make him"nervous", you nasty adorable woman, you!!  
heh, the world wants to know why senators are giving Sessions a pass on non-answers. He never would have done the same. @KamalaHarris
https://twitter.com/crusher614/status/920667917443743744 …
WHY is he still Attorney General?

And WHY did he meet wChina abt our Law Enforcement & CyberSecurity? SOURCE: http://usa.chinadaily.com.cn/world/2017-10/05/content_32879446.htm …
What's the point?
Surrogate 2DT & his claim of Executive Privilege speaks volumes 2his answering the questions honestly! If nothing to hide ans the damn ?s!!
I'm sure the ELF will be LYING
Watching it and he's a liar.
No, he'll appear but he won't testify. Hillary testified for 11 hours. The republicans are shit, they deny, deny, deny.
He is such a little liar. He won't answer most of the questions. It's disgusting. @jeffsessions
And he’s got the vapors!
You make sessions nervous.
Sessions evading, denying, smirking face as he sits there lying and denying the committee honest answers to his corrupt actions.
Don't you mean Attorney General Sessions will commit perjury before the Senate?
Singing the same old tune with that smirk on his face. He won't
Sessions needs to be #FIRED!! @SenKamalaHarris
Waste of time and money. All sessions does is lie. trump owns Sessions. Racist & Fascist


He's not allowed to plead the 5th so he'll plead ignorant which isn't hard to imagine.
His lies are obvious. We have a sick administration.
already know what he's going to say.."blah blah blah".. The only Amendment he likes is The 5th.
He is in contemptofcourt #Lyingunderoath
To more of his lies?
Fixed it for you:

Attorney General Sessions will LIE before the Senate Judiciary Committee at 10 AM ET this morning
CRUSH HIM
He’s not going to answer any of the important questions.
This oughta be good.
You spelled "LIE" wrong!
Watching the weasel not answer questions. The committee needs to say goodbye to all the old farts. Jeeze
How Can sessions claim exec privilege when none exists? Are they above the law?
Sessions seem awfully nervous. He is lying his ass off today for his audience of one.
#Morontrump .
Watching! Claiming Executive Privilege! All over the place! Has the Pres made assertion or not? Sheriff pardon brings up no process???

Why?  Foghorn Leghorn won't answer any real questions.  He will stammer and yammer, and invoke executive privilege.  

Don't scare him again, Kamala, he spooks easily.
stand up for us! Dont let session talk down to you!  Screw session
If it is NOT under oath then it is a waste of time period IMHO #resisatnce will not stop until we know the truth
He'll lie again.
Republican state legislators across the country are advancing bills  to  criminalize  public protests
$5 says he lies under oath within the first ten minutes.
Hope that we can get answers, please keep up the great work you're doing in helping maintain our Democracy during these dark days of Trump.
Do you expect anything other than deflective or non substantive answers from Sessions? It will be a dog and pony show (again)
(heavily redacted)White Supremacist Infiltration of Law Enforcement Report. - DocumentCloud.  http://s3.documentcloud.org/documents/402521/doc-26-white-supremacist-infiltration.pdf …
Get him girl!  Like the Boss that you are.
You cripple your state by putting illegals before American citizens.
I wish you were there to make him ‘NERVOUS’ again. Make that troll sweat!
Testify or Lie #Session=Perjury
Please get to the bottom and don't let him redirect and dodge his way out of the truth or lie under oath. America deserves the truth!
Plz, NO EXECUTIVE PRIVILEGE answers this time!
He’ll lie like the rest. Sessions needs to resign
Lying before the committee is more like it...
R u there? He scared of you!
FBI warned of white supremacists in law enforcement  10 years ago
Lie his ass off*
Attorney General Sessions will testify before the Senate Judiciary Committee at 10 AM ET this morning.

I would give anything to see you make Jeff Sessions nervous again.  He deserves to be taken down. That lying sack of 
I hope that little troll lies
Get him Kamala!
Lo   importante. Que .eres   en mi. Vida ..para. Que tu sepas  dispuesto  a. Todo  por ti m
To do list - set DVR, buy favorite wine, breathe deeply.
Reclaim your time
ASK Sessions What is he doing about  White Supremacist Infiltration of Law Enforcement at ALL LEVELS? As per 2006 FBII INTEL Report
s
And do you know how we know he’s lying? His lips are moving. #TheTrumpAdministrationNeedsToGo
You know he is going to lie and leave out the important parts. After all he is part of this administration and that is all they do is lie!
Kamalita  my  love .bella  cuando te. Veo  mi vida cambia  para que.veas lo i
Please ask him what policies will he push to address the concern of some NFL players. It's not about the anthem, it's about police injustice
@JoyAnnReid senator please make sure you make that man feel nervous.
Yeah cause that's gonna reveal a whole lotta nothing 
Remember he’s a liar and a traitor
Don't fall for shinning objects ... this we need to focus.
Hopefully he will be "allowed" to answer questions this time
Well... don’t make him nervous for heaven’s sake! 
I have little faith in congress' investigations. House Intel is hopelessly compromised; Senate will issue 2 reports. Partisan disagreements.
I know he will either lie or avoid the question..  You know this hell everyone with common sense knows this.. His fan base lack that part
Hopefully he will update us in that Clinton + Uranium One bribery concerns.
Go get'em tigress!
For god’s sake don’t make the little twerp nervous. He can’t think then. JUST WHAT TH YOU NEED IN AN AG.
Is this what the swarm of bots and the twitter tirade is about this morning? They are working overtime to distract us from something...
#Guilty #Complicit
Just be aware you need to Obey when the chairman tells you to Stifle! 
Wtf is wrong with you?
Impeach this weasel
Popcorn time
This should be considered an alert on upcoming lies and omissions.

Correction. AG Sessions will be perjuring himself at 10 am.
Should be interesting.
He will lie, distract and evade...per usual
Will his testimony be given in OPEN session? As an American, I would like to hear Sessions directly.

So should they pull out a huge stack of Bibles to remind him to tell the #Truth ?
You make him "nervous", lol.
Gold him accountable again @SenKamalaHarris
Please ask about lies and hate! #firesession
Jeff sessions -Please make him nervous again...
Oh boy, I sure hope there's tapes!!!
Keep leading Senator Harris, we’re with you! @senrobportman @SenSherrodBrown
give him hell
He has been allowed to lie and/or not respond to questions all the while w/o impunity. No reason to expect anything different.
But will Sessions tell the truth?
Will the GOP defend Sessions and tell you or others to be quiet?
I don't understand the point of this if he knows there are no repercussions for lying on the stand. No one held him accountable the 1st time
By testify you mean lie
Democrats need you on every committee. Are you willing to be cloned?
Answer me!
Lol, .. too funny.
It’s not about Sessions, it’s about Obama making deals with Russian. COLUSION!  Hillary C also in trouble. Comey is going down too.
You mean: Attorney General Sessions will lie before the Senate Judiciary Committee at 10 AM ET this morning.
Too bad you are not there to tear him apart!
Try not to make him too nervous!!
Grill him
Open hearing?
And don't let him push ypu around or Sen Burr. We need answers and if he lies lock him up
@SenKamalaHarris For the love of god don't rush him!  He gets nervous you know!  Hard to keep all they lies straight!!
Tell that Keebler Elf...that I said, "suck my..."

He is the right height


Will he lie to Congress again? Probably.
Get the popcorn
Please don't mean to him senator he gets nervous very easily...on 2nd thought crush him!
@TheDemocrats #VoteDemocrate
Grill the fuck out of him, please.
Go get 'im
Great. What is he going to lie about or “can’t recall” today. 
Take no prisoners, Senator Harris.
Hope it is on C-Span.
Under oath? He lies even then.
Will he be lying about his meetings with Russians?  Or does he do that before another committee?
Ma'am, sure wish you were the one questioning Sessions. I love how you make him stumble, I bet he sweats. Perjury=charges, he must pay.
When will you be discussing #UraniumOneDeal?
I wonder if he will take the fifth!! Certainly he will probably have a swig fifth of Jack Daniels from a flask before he goes in there LOL 
To tell more lies under oath?
If he lies again he should lose his job!
Under oath?
And he will lie or not answer
Hold his feet to the fire
And will lie non-stop...
Oh how I wish you were on that committee. You had Sessions sweatin' like crazy. He couldn't even think straight. lol

Try not to frighten him Senator
like grandma used to say while Fidgeting in my chair. 'you're look like a fart in a skillet'
Oh Jimmy I miss hearing about your Grandma!
I guess that means Attorney General Sessions will get testy and defy at 10 AM ET this morning.
Who on that committee will press him like you do?? Certainly not Grassley.
Just in: footage of Sessions testimony.
The glacial pace of this is excruciating.
Ask a few questions about this .
