Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell delays August recess to complete work on health-care bill http://wapo.st/2tEBY3G 
With all the brouhaha over junior's dumb dirtbaggery, the Senate Majority Turtle and his evil designs must be watched. Thank you Sen Harris!
Your voices will be heard if you contact your senators' offices. Please keep up the pressure. McConnell is trying to ram #trumpcare through.
And keep up the obstruction and you all will continue to lose
@sciencemilkcow @washingtonpost The only damn thing Congress should be doing right now is IMPEACHING.
McConnell & Co. are just trying to refine their Health Denial Bill to guarantee big profits for themselves & their pharmaceutical companies.
And tax cuts for friends
Noting they put up should be voted on until they defend Americans over their usual GOP greed agenda.
So it is greedy for me to want to spend what I EARN, but not greedy for you to want to take what I earned?
It is greedy when you make more than most and are not willing to help those less fortunate. % wise I pay more of my check on taxes than you.

GOP makes me so mad for what there trying to do by stealing healthcare from poor and low income Americans
Senators Cornyn and Cruz have their office phones go straight to full VM boxes.  That is their regard for constituents.

AH poor Kamala has to work just like the rest of us
Just REPEAL the disastrous obamashit
They're trying to beat the Trump disaster unfolding.
@washingtonpost Call it what it is: #MurderCare
Politicians created this mess , then exempted themselves from paying into it , 
Rebuttal ?
Why doesnt #SenMcConnell have to explain why he kept @POTUS44 from sharing Russian details with US? Hold him accountable!! #caughtbabyhanded
It ain't going to happen. Keep up the good work Senator. I love how you stand up to those self entitled old white guys in DC.
Call your reps! 202 224-3121
The "disasterous" bill is the property of Obama and the Dems. Own it.
Thank you Senator @KamalaHarris for being 'our' voice.
Make them work their butts off for nothing! 
There's no healthcare in that bill
Wrong... they are doing it to get rid of one
Stop all work! No meetings, hearings, nothing! We can't let him ram this destructive bill through!
Crazy
Someone play this on the Senate floor!

McConnell the traitor, looting his way along.
Why is he allowed to make these decisions? Nothing should move forward until the treason situation is resolved.
Those clever pubs are trying to dump to the Frump, if only you DDs could put up a Frump, who can win an election, against Donald and DUMPERS
Working in secret like the Mafia....a gang of thugs.
Are you pretending Obamacare isn't a disaster?  I work with the results of Obamacare daily. Would you like to hear the horror stories?
Let them pass it in Red states
DefinitelySenator Harris I heard Trump signed an Executive Order making PMI on homes permanent. Is it true? Can it be challenged in court?
Please continue to push back
We are winning folks but the game's not over yet
Just let Obamacare die, it's on the way there now.  Then see how many Americans cannot get healthcare!
Senators considering passing the #AHCA  may want to look inward first--literally #diabetes #arthritis #Cancer #SleepApnea #epilepsy #obesity
Keep retweeting!! And keep calling!!!
@SenMajLdr  Stall, or inconvenience your colleagues all you want but the American people see through the BS. The People>Corps.
Why do you think DemocRats have lost seats down ballot for 7 yrs? Just because (D) pay  protesters to Like #Obamacare doesn't change minds
Yes- deceive deny distract divert deflect destroy
With all due respect what did you see in Willie?
I understand that there are healthcare committees, so where are their recommendations? Only hear McConnell, Cruz, Price, Trump,
Time share must have fallen through
Thank you for representing me so well!!!

It's sad if Rs will pass Trumpcare and hurt their constituents just so they can have a summer vacation. Wacked priorities...shame
GOP is in panic mode to get this bill passed before Trump shit-storm brings them all down
@RepMarthaRoby how is this "good" for Alabamians? Please explain
Sort of like the skunks in California keep changing laws to prevent a Dem from getting recalled?
They wanna get it passed before they lose their puppet @realDonaldTrump #PartyOverCountry vote them all out 2018 #VoteRyanOut #TheResistance
#RepealAndReplace Ocare is a disaster! Illegals get Free healthcare! MDs are retiring! Citizens can't see a MD b/c deductibles are too high!
What they are desperately after is that massive TAX GIFT they promised those wealthy donors.
You guys get too much vacation anyway you've turned a representative job into a career so screw it no more than 2 weeks a year is enough
Oh and Obama care is doing so well right Kamala. How about working with republicans to make a just health care system
No way no how
We know. But he thinks were as moronic as his supporters. We aren't.
Also why the are dragging their feet on Trump too. Power  and money is more important than the people or the Constitution.
Sen. Harris....what does your office input reflect pro and con? Similar to what Sen. Kaine published? Only 2% support for Trumpcare?
.@SenKamalaHarris your focus is admirable ...
McConnell looks a lot like the evil guy in Hannibal
McConnell's local office 502-582-6304. They answer.
@ CSPAN 2  U.S. Senate ,Sen.Kamala Harris additional time through the  Congressional August recess, will not get Health Care Bill passed...
quote ; unquote Den. Minority Leader Chuck Schumer of New York.
Republicans put a hold on #TrumpTreason just so they could take away healthcare from 23M & give tax cuts to the rich.
Sure what it looks like. Hopefully voters in 2018 will make them pay for this associated treason.
Treason is quite a big word to be throwing around in this instance. But you guys also think decapitation is "comedy".
TRUST TRUMP/GOP! What could go wrong?
@washingtonpost
When people say "Trumpcare is better than ACA".
Thanks for staying on the issues. Like 22 MILLION who will lose #healthcare
Translation: Please keep doing my job for me!
McConnell isn't worthy of Senate seat - he's a snake in the grass!
#resist #Trumprussia #impeachtrump #TrumpCare garbage
My Senators R terrible human beings. They have no . @senorrinhatch @SenMikeLee They cant WAIT 4sick Utahans 2die so rich can have more
Exactly... plus... McConnell talking about obstructionism??? LOL that man lost his mind 
Dems have offered to help fix the issues. It's T & McC's blind hatred 4 Obam leading them not to let Dems help fix issues.
You trust them?
Hell no
Somebody inform Mitch that there has to be an actual bill in order to pass same and he'd best be paying close attention to constituents.
Trump Jr must be arrested and charged with treason / espionage with Russian mob...and lying on his SF-86 form
The bill is not fine wine...It's not going to get any better with age.
#KillTheBill
Here's my voice - send the FBI to the WH and start arresting people - Stop after they get to Sessions in the DOJ.
They are only trying to help Trump, continuous diversion by all those participating with him. Can council be charged with helping him?
Why don't they just be honest and call it what it is? A "we don't care about your healthcare" bill
Maybe @SenMajLdr should reconsider because DC is getting pretty hot for @GOP right now.
If he hasn't gotten it done in 7 years, why does he think it will be done in august?
Thank you for leading the charge for us.  Cornyn and Cruz have long abandoned the welfare of us in Texas.
Republicans not reworking health care to get best deal for Americans, they're only reworking this to get enough GOP votes. That's all.
You need to keep saying they are defunding the ACA and it,s still working .It's not imploding The @GOP is the reason 1 health bill ACA 4ever
Please help make this a national issue and not a political one. US healthcare is purple.
that would be great! I think it's both, though.
Our finances don't care about your rhetoric. We can't afford to keep carrying you. Pay your own insurance and we'll pay ours.
Don't be messin' w/ my summer vacation! 
#FreeHealthCareForAll problem solved!

How many millions did Obamacare kick off of their insurance!?
The @HouseGOP @SenateGOP need to take care of their trump problem FIRST! Then they can try to undo everything @POTUS44 accomplished.
Senator sleep with 1 eye open.
ACA has also been disastrous for many families. Stop being petty and start WORKING! We're paying you to WORK! All of you!
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris for continuing to speak up and fight! #healthcarematters #Iamapreexistingcondition
Can't be worse than Obamacare-- pass it! #DoYourJob
all of the other shenanigans going on only serve to divide our attention. This is what is important !
Why have @SenateGOP not heard the level of disapproval on this? When will they accept that they cannot give fewer people access?
Just for fun, you should check out @RepLaMalfa's FB page. What else can I do except lobby my local congressman?
Also how about we say it out loud, #ImpeachTrumpNow
I. I think #trump is here to get rich. trump's actions directly reflect the Kremlin and Putin. We're fighting Putin & the end of democracy.
Why aren't the democratic senators putting anything forward to fix ACA? Then make the GOP say no they won't vote for that help. OFFENSE!
They have. Schumer has offered Dems to work with GOP. No reply. GOP don't want help from Dems. Rather try to blame them 4 anythng & evrythng
They don't have to work with McConnell, just create amendments and then make them public and they will have to say yes or no.
Trying to ram it through before the entire White House falls?  Their Useful Idiot is becoming a liability quickly.
Full repeal
