be thorough as there must be signif issues here!
how about hillarys connection?why you never talk about that?geez.
@DearAuntCrabby YES and it needs to be done independently
Being from California you are safe to say uninformed things. Without SF, LA,&Sacramento the vote would be different!
Thank you
@davidpsdem Senator Harris, it is your job to see that we have all facts disclosed. Please do not disappoint.
I want an investigation on the Super Pac connected to Paul Ryan who used hacked emails against dems in close house races too
All the Republicans need to be investigated! I find it hard to believe most of them aren't in on this!
They only want power no matter how they get it.
Actually us Californians deserve a full accounting of your background.
got a start today, but we need to press for an independent investigation. @GOP showed they cant be trusted to ask right ?'s
This is too hot to hide for long, Trump will find out we don't want a dictator, he'll be impeached
And also SCOTUS nominee blocked until truth is known.
Yes, we do!
AND A NEW ELECTION!!!
Please call for a special commission to investigate!  @SenKamalaHarris
agreed!
we deserve to know what happened who did what and who knew in his admin. Full special prosecutor investigation is deserved
@Lee_Resists Elections will always be interfered with while Corporate Elite controls White House; RT #globaldominos effect!
as do we deserve the same thing regarding all the dirty crap u Doucheocrats and libitards have pulled .
Hypocritical ones
@LeslieMarshall this is true & it appears the NSA was in fact monitoring Trump.  Appears to b illegal
ever give up on this Senator trump must be exposed and thrown out of office
keep seeking truth.  Many obstacles ahead. This administration has some pretty dubious characters most especially BANNON
@April94664526 Let it GO. Talk about beating a dead horse. My God, you are obsessing about fiction. Move on.
Please don’t let this rest!
@LeslieMarshall americans also deserve a full and public accounting of how the US has contributed to foreign elections.
focus on issues that affect the America people, you need more evidence about Russia.
is this all you dems have to hold onto how pathetic you offer no  ideas for the future
Invalid and Illegal election. Illegal government in control of our country. New vote now without crosscheck, putin with paper ballots.
. Please keep up the fight.  We need to know.
Any plans to carry this out? @SenKamalaHarris @IndivisibleEB
No, WE deserve action. No excuses.
need to find out what secrets Russia found on Clintons unsecured server. Then send her to jail.

hell yes!!! I want to know and iam sure iam not the only one.
The accounting is getting pretty clear. What WE demand now is an organized effort by @TheDemocrats to cut the cancer out.
@LeslieMarshall how about the Clinton campaign also
NO TO TRUMP'S BUDGET EDUCATIONAL CUT!!!!!!!!
right on
Everybody is looking, no one has found anything yet. Maybe we should move on.
please put SCOTUS hearing on hold until investigation done..if given new election then all cabinet appointments invalid.
YES, AND SOME KIND OF SANCTION OR IMPEACHMENT FOR SO MANY THINGS, INCLUDING LIBELOUS COMMENTS ABOUT PREVIOUS PRES. TREASON?
America deserves a whole new govt to protect her from the greed & corruption taking place now!
@futurenorm and a full account of the election itself including forensic analysis of machines (by non partisan experts)!
stay with this please. Do not let it drop.

Love,
A Californian
yes, we have to keep focused on this issue despite all of Trump's distractions
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @RepChaffetz @RepLoBiondo
Thank you! Be persistent please. Don't let up.
please run for president next time you're young vibrant you will win
respectfully can we move on from Russia and focus on policies to help working class Americans
....
Still deserve a full & public accounting of Hillary's corruption that lead to her loss. She committed felonies but is free
& Puerto Rican's deserve equality!
Where were all of U crybabies when we wnted special prosecutor for HRC Emails ? How about HRC selling PUTIN 25% US uranium resrv NOW ?? LSRs
California has some of the worst public schools in the country and THIS is where we should focus? Really?
thank you!
Were you that concerned when Hillary sold The RUSSIANS uranium. Her foundation pocketed 2.3 MILLION. Investigate!!
That is what we voted you in for.Not being snide.We need DEMS to do it because clearly GOP will not.SESSIONS MUST GO TOO
Right on! Especially the CONTINUED relationship/connections.
Nothing is more important. Let's get on with it. He's gotta go. And his toady appointees too!
we already know there are good members implicated by other Intel sources so why haven't we released that info publicly?
And I gotta believe, like so many, U r not holding ur breath wait'g 4 an acct'g of any ties btwn 45 & Russia -not Congress
thank you and please don't let Trump and GOP bury the truth!!
We do as well as Session's lies, Ryan's & McConnel's obstruction of justice by covering the story up.
We need the truth. My concrn is Sessions. He is a lying looming troll wrking overtime to coverup. Dont trust him. Not 1 bit
We demand this full accounting. #TrumpRussia
Boo fucking hoo. Your insults are the fuel that keep me going. Thanks loser!! #TrumpRussia #Putinspuppet #Russiagate
LOL, that is the lamest, weakest insult ever. Dude, your imagination is pathetic. Can't even be mad because that was so weak.
Yes we deserve it and want it. Please continue to demand independent investigation. Thanks.
Please keep up the pressure You're constituents demand it!  THX U #resist #indivisible
We will not get it without and Independent  investigation! #TrumpRussia
Yes we do. Lots of issues to juggle but in the end they're ALL important. Stay on each & every one Senator.
And if we don't get it soon, @Secy_State_US will make sure to concoct a WAR to entrench their control over our country.
Actually HRC didn't win THANK GOD!! otherwise we truly may have to worry about your fairy tale scenario . NO COLLUSION BETWEEN PRES & RUSSIA
Please don't ever stop pressing this issue. #trumprussia
YES!  And all his henchmen are complicit.
thank you! Additionally, Jeff Sessions committing perjury shouldn't be swept under the rug either.
everything Hillary did shouldnt be swept under the rug either and oh What Brazile did Shouldnt be swept either
you mean like the 30 Benghazi hearings that turned up nothing? Also remind me what govt position she holds? #FOH #MoronMute
Trump still the end result
-of course we do. Why would this change? We should block SCOTUS until all questions are answered
I think Putin has a Trump tie or two and an anonymous source said @POTUS  likes russian dressing. That's about it.
WE ALSO NEED JAIL TIME & IMPEACHMENT
Yes !! we need to see Obama impeached and in jail ASAP ..while we re at it HRC has crimes to answer for aswell..#MAGA
please make sure it happens don't rest until it does America is counting on you
and his businesses. Money laundering is a federal felony.
I've been saying this for well over a year...they don't wanna know-if they did they'd follow the MONEY. @lindahoboken @SenKamalaHarris
Americans deserve a full accounting of Trump's ties to Russian oligarchs, money-laundering, emoluments violations, treason!
Californians need a full account of your identity pandering and your hypocrisy in your tweets. Get to work. Please.
agreed, but if he is guilty this will never come out unless yall are on top of your game
don't let up on that no matter the smoke screen!
I don't trust the Republicans to do a honest investigation.We need a independent committee with truth on their minds
yes we do and we need a accounting of bob mercers role also
WE THE PEOPLE deserve to get back to life
pre-45. WE did NOT ask for this. As such, OUT WITH THE INFO, 45. #CantSleep
don't despair when none is found. How about a full account of the leaks and subversion of Obama holdovers as well?
And who he's beholden to!
atleast it's not to SATAN like you and your party is..#MAGA
please don't vote to confirm gorsuch please
I second that! But I know you won't I have faith in you!
Fight for us PLEASE!! You have the Juice.  We will stand behind you. There is too much smoke here not to look thoroughly!
How about Connections of US Congress with the most Vicious Regimes like Saudis, Israel, Qatar
one bite at a time. Up first, Russia x Mercer x Wiki X Breitbarat x Trump x Election
#TrumpRussiaCollusion
YES!! We do deserve nothing less. Let's please keep our eye on the  please keep fighting for this!
But it will never happen because the Reds will never allow it.  Have to protect the Comrade!
Isn't that wha you SOCIALISTS call eachother , comrades ? LAMO you libtards truly are brainwashed ..amazing seeing all the nonsense U cryb P
Once upon a time, in the WH, the president knew the law of the land & the constitution. Today, he knows 
The American public deserve a full & public account of foreign interference with both the Trump AND Obama Administrations.
ZERO
let the investigation support that theory or not and we all move on but reason 2 investigate
Hopefully starting tomorrow.
