Let’s do something about it! More control for these types weapons! #GunControlNow
They are already banned
“You do not need a permit to buy a rifle, shotgun or handgun, nor do you need to register the weapon, or be licensed to own one”
Stephanie Milton !
Please prioritize getting NRA $ out of govt and passing gun control legislation.
Time to work together across the aisle now and pass comprehensive gun reform. The 2nd amendment wasn't written for 100 clip magazines.
Again, Sadly, the shooter was a disgruntled mentally unstable Democratic.
What are you doing about gun control Senator?
She's too busy trying 2 inch away ur 1st Amendment while u r  pls up U r being played http://sonorannews.com/2017/06/27/house-resolution-257-senate-resolution-118-criminalize-freedom-speech/ … READ https://twitter.com/rejialex7/status/897817404377632769 …
I am horrified by the hateful comments on thr LEFT! NOt seen by Repubs on twitter. Democrat party is done- FAIL
Thank You Kamala!! Las Vegas has great Leaders & Their right here for us!!
Wait, which is it @SenKamalaHarris? Prayers or Action?
What’s it going to take for action on automatic gun control. Hundreds have died and the president still is controlled by thr NRA. Sad event.
Stop praying and change some laws
Please don't pray. Please do something tangible to change gun laws and remove automatic weapons from the marketplace. Prayers mean nothing.
Its domestic terrorism call it for what it is
Hoe many times have you been horrified ?
Hotel rooms are randomly assigned. So, how did he get the one with the perfect line of sightings??
Anyone can change their rooms
No prayers. COMMON SENSE GUN LAWS NOW
Yes NOW. To Hell with the @NRA
Legislation
Stop, stay focus.  Our Democracy is at risk!  Russia is our focus!  No time to grieve!!  It’s called Soldier Up!
You are a member of Congress make some anti-gun laws. Can’t be that hard!
be some light ....
Senator Kamala Harris, I call on u to lend your voice in protest, for the sake of stronger #GunControl laws. What I ask, PROTEST RIGHT AWAY!
The media claims the killer converted to Islam and joined ISIS. This is based on what is obviously an unverified claim from ISIS. (1/4)
This speaks to the danger of media bias. The media portrayed this person as mentally ill first and now an ISIS connection?!? (2/4)
I would like to believe humans are more nuanced than how the media like @CBS portrays. ISIS claims every act of terror. Why inflate them 3/4
Are you actually praying???
Horrified as well. Would also like to know what you are doing to make sure this never happens again.
We need stronger gun control laws
You're my hero of my time, you're good at your job, I appreciate your service to this country.
Don't pray.. Let's quit with this prayer platitudes nonesense. Work to pass gun control laws.
https://mobile.twitter.com/Everytown/status/914867312276189184/photo/1 …
Introduce some common sense gun regulation laws.  Enough with the thoughts and prayers, do something!
Go after the NRA and guns or you're useless.
Prays don't work and won't help anyone......gun controls will
TRUMPS FAULT INSIGHTING RACISM HATRED VIOLENCE DEATH ACROSS country &WORLD let's seeif TRUMP/GOP try 2 COVER the story up
Great - "thoughts and prayers" - always helpful - DO SOMETHING!!! SCREAM!!! BE ANGRY!! #GunControlNow #LasVegasShooting
My impression is this is from ISLAMIC STATE.  All I.S. attacks since UC Merced are and continue to be loaded with MY TAGS.  Don't miss 'em.
Go ahead and pray but DO something while you’re at it.
Only thing you're sorry for is that the killer was not a white supremacist. Just fucking say it.
When will we ever learn?
#GunInsurance make it mandatory, like for vehicles
Just shut up!
That's not enough. Do something!
Praying is not enough Senator. We need a federal assault rifle ban.
Please Mam, you all have the power to do a little something about this insane proliferation of weapons and ammo.
The right to bear arms is no longer applicable in this society amid a few exceptions
Why is possession of a loaded gun in public and possession of a stolen gun a cite-out misdemeanor in California?
Praying for what?
Can you be horrified enough to bring a bill to the floor? Can you beat Trump in 2020? Lemme know.
Prayers are not enough. What action are you taking to prevent this type of terrorism from happening again?
Your comment says more about who you are as a person than it does about America. And TrumpBreedsHate...how in the hell is this his fault?
Thank you madam president for your words and support during this horrible event sending support to the victims and their families
GUN CONTROL NOW!!!!!
DISBAND THE DAMN NRA
Enough with the prayers! Pass sensible gun legislation NOW!
// Initiate sympathy protocol
int main()
{
  std::cout << "Our prayers are with the victims of this tragic shooting";
}
NRA spends millions on gun proliferation. Because they know it's wrong to have guns in urban environments. They need to spend, to convince.
We are all horrified. Use your position in Congress to demand gun and ammunition control. Now.
Crocodile tears. I bet you are already preparing your sermon about gun control.
@realDonaldTrump Remember when you said that the Bataclan attack would've never happened in the US ? #GunControlNow
So proud of Kampala Harris for always doing the right thing. We always notice. 
We need common sense gun control now!
It's just another Monday morning. It's just numbing us to who we are---a gun culture. What's it gonna take?
If only there was a government body that could do something....
Hey I have an idea. Make guns hard to obtain and healthcare easy to obtain. Especially for mental health needs
Well you allows subjects that infect hormone levels in food, drinks, supplements, toxics all over and expect common sense
DO SOMETHING
If it isn't clear by now, God isn't listening. If we want this to stop, our political leaders, Ms Harris, must legislate
You liberals can let a good tragedy with out exploiting it, you just love this tragedy! The bodies aren’t even cold yet
Will there be blood donation points set up in http://So.Cal ?
YOU ARE AN ELECTED OFFICIAL!!!! DON'T PRAY LEGISLATE AND ENFORCE!!!
Prayers are appreciated but don't do a damn thing to stop this.  You legislators need to work for sensible gun control, NRA be damned.
Get guns off street. Fuck you @NRA and fuck you Republicunts. You're all responsible
Call it terror, Kamala
One minute correction.  “Horrified by the Las Vegas TERROR ATTACK.”
Was it a terrorist attack?
Stop praying!! It doesn't do anything!! Senator please gather your colleagues & move for stronger common sense gun laws!
Keep your prayers! We need to tackle issues like gun control and how white male violence is acceptable in our society! Act!
How about some policy action too? Prayers are nice, but don’t do anything to prevent what are preventable gun deaths.
Crazy 
But the @nra has your back.  They want to put silencers on guns, so then nobody knows where the bullets are coming from!
Then do something
Why haven't we seen a picture of the shooter? If he was a Minority we would have. Must be a GOOD OLD BOY?
#GunControlNow
Please introduce gun control legislation
Prayers do nothing. Strict gun laws NOW.
Respectfully, perhaps less praying and more legislating in order. #stopgunviolence
Do more than pray. Fight for sensible gun laws .
Thank you.   Please do all you can as a member of Congress to make certain it doesn't happen again.
Maybe you could stop praying and DO SOMETHING
Thank you!! We love you! and we need gun control!!!
Prayer is an inadequate response.
Kamala, you have to be the next president to restore sanity that vanished in 8 months in USA & completly review the 2nd amendment! Please!
2nd amendment doesn't need review. It's simple we jave a right to bear arms. Period
Yeah right and go kill 50 people like s human life is nothing!
.

Wrong buzzards breath you promote

Sanctuary cities protect criminals

@NatPoliceAssoc @ICEgov arrest

Those respect hold them

 accountable4the crimes criminals

Commit start with @JerryBrownGov 

@DNC party protects criminals

Not the citizens

Vote your criminals home

.
What idiot gave this asshat 280 characters?
Yes @SenKamalaHarris your tweet (notification) in these mins. TRUTH, My last night tweet KNOWING your in D.C. 7:00am CT @EWTN Mass ,PRAYER
2/2 @SenKamalaHarris,  A Family Prayer ever Invoked for The Lord's ever Righteous Blessing. In Jesus's Holy Name TRUTH
9:20am @SenKamalaHarris, I've been back http://from.post  office since 9:20amct,  watching @LiveKellyRyan Show! Kelly's Birthday Oct2
10:03am @CSPAN 2 FORUM., Foreign Policy & Trump Administration,  @SenKamalaHarris, TRUTHH
10:22am @FBN FOX BUSINESS NETWORK, @SenKamalaHarris 
Thank you Madame President
Can we expect any discussions on gun control reform or is that just a joke at this point?
5 years since sandy hook, 18 years since columbine, 15 months since pulse; it’s a joke in short.
No other country has this problem . It’s time Kamela
Praying does not close shooting wounds and does not reanimate
te dead. DO SOMETHING! NRA wants bigger magazines and silencers!
CRAZY
Agree! Now do something with legislation!
To be clear, the man who killed 50+ people in Las Vegas was not a refugee, not an immigrant, and not Muslim. But he WAS a terrorist.
Sadly it's only making its way to die in this political climate
The @NRA is a terrorist organization. It's beyond time to start calling it so. Everyone knows it. No one wants to be the first to admit it.
If you really cared, you'd talk about the guns being used are already illegal and how to enforce gun laws already in place #DemocratPaddock
Video proof that if silencer was used=hard 2locate shooter. GOP wants 2make it easier 2buy #MandalayBay #LasVegas
And NRA wants bigger magazines and silencers?!? Biggest reason more didn't tragically die is because they HEARD the shots and ran!
Can someone explain to me why an ordinary citizen needs an automatic  weapon other than to kill as many people as quickly as possible?
Better yet, can someone tell me what good "prayers" have done after each consecutive mass shooting?
