As a general matter, I’m concerned that this Administration is trying to undermine integral pillars that hold up our democracy.
We’ve seen systematic attempts to undermine the judiciary and we’ve seen the free press attacked again and again.
Frankly, I fear it’s compromising the public’s faith in our institutions and in the strength of our democracy. We can’t let that happen.
Dishonesty in the media? Fox maybe. But old Pinocchio nose shouldn't be any more surprised than we citizens are at his continual lies!
Now I know he's cray cray.. UNFIT..IMPEACH NOW...STOP WAITING AROUND FOR A MIRACLE...ONLY MIRACLE TO HAPPEN IS YOU FOLKS DOING UR JOB..!
DT is a white supremacist who believes, he is God's gift to women and the be all and end all.  He just doesn't know how to love himself.
Senator Kamala in my opinion this supposedly patriotic person, the so-called president, is dedicated to destroying democracy.
Picture better than a thousand words.  Here is a so-called president w/body language that says it all. Peter Pan said it, I won't grow up.
He played on tv. Really? Surprised? He’s enabled the system. What a joke djt!
Well....I'm surprised he's even in the White House. Stevie Wonder put it best. "Voting for Trump is like asking me to drive."
Coming from the most dishonest man in recent time. 
Dishonest media, Fox & Friends with Trump,
Really wish Senate would do their job like getting #KatesLaw passed and stop this anti Trump trash. He is @POTUS, get over it, get to work!
Really? 40 people have died so far in fire set by an illegal alien and you come up with this trash?
Amendnent 25
Does he work? Seriously all he does is watch TV, tweet and golf
Maybe he should stop lying
What about his dishonesty and outright LIES!  @realDonaldTrump
He looks like a 3 year old pouting...
The comment of a dolt.
So he assumed by winning he has a popular mandate 
Idiot. #25amendmentnow
Its hard to beat the Media when you  lie  every word that comes out of your mouth
At this point, how can Trump say the media is dishonest when they’re just reporting what he says? Should we say “Dishonest President?”
Senator Harris what is being done to curtail this lying lunatic? Please tell us something is in the works to stop or remove him.
He wants the words that come straight out his mouth reverse engineered. He's a petulant child.
Trump is the liar the media needs to confront him when he lie this will stop him in his tracks. The media hasn't been doing a good job they are allowing Trump to tell lies
Trump is the fake news !
Where is the proof Donald?
Your twitter voice,
lately sounding more personal, 
less staffer/robo.  Thank you. 
" Media surprised at the dishonesty in the Trump administration.
@POTUS If Trump would stop his lies, the Media would stop correcting him & calling him on it! The sparring would end. A dream come true!
well, we are not surprised by the dishonesty of @realDonaldTrump. Saw it in campaign and throughout his term, the most dishonest of all
The longer Trump remains in office the more damage he does. He's already been there 2 long & done way 2 much damage. When will Congress act?
It will act when Democrats are back in control. Republicans couldn’t care less about country over their personal power
I will not be confined to any party. However this system has failed us   Congress senate and djt. So sad actually worse than sad
He and his mouthpieces lie. every. day. #FakePresident
I'm surprised by the dishonesty in the media, specifically their inability to stop quoting lies from the regime.
This is rich coming from he who spews alternative facts every time he speaks. I don’t understand why he gets away with it, every day.
Yes it is compromising our faith.  Please get your colleagues to act now.
Hahaha
Bad News is Fake News. 
For #Trumpf 
   Let another man give you praise and not your mouth.  One who is strange to you and not your lips.
We should all be very afraid. Be very afraid that so many in this country believe him over msm. Good education can’t be underestimated.
2:44pm @SenKamalaHarris, Simultaneously, your tweet also questioning for hearing.TRUTH ☻
2:44pm @SenKamalaHarris, just now, again simultaneously ,your tweet also questioning.TRUTH☻
http://www.marketwatch.com/amp/story/guid/8B42C39E-A85C-11E7-8CC7-B3760ACBCE01 … Some good “news” ...
Thank you for wise words, Senator Harris.
Is there anything that can be done from a legal perspective? He's not the first to do it, but he's known to give favors for good comments.
I'm not surprised by Trump's dishonesty.  He's always been a liar.
Read:”his quotations in print”
Most people you see assuming this position are toddlers. Good luck getting this guy to act like anything but 
#AdultDayCareCenter
#Crybaby45
I'm 'Surprised' by 'dishonesty in the Presidency'.
If Trump wants to sue the media for perceived lies... can we sue him for actual lies?
Can you imagine liar in chief being cross examined in court. I would Love to be there to see that.
Omg would make my  no1. Bucket list
I am often surprised by the dishonesty in Trump!
No, Trump has not sparred. He's tried to lie to people wiser than him who believe nothing he says. Reason, he is a con man and a liar.
Is the media "surprised" by "dishonesty" from the President?  It's a two-way street #DoTardDonnie
Look at that face. Trump is one peculiar person.
He looks like a little boy that was told he couldn't have dessert .... sick POS!
2:44pm.@SenKamalaHarris, Simultaneously, just now,TRUTH ☻
The country is surprised by such a dishonest man holding the highest office in this land.
The only “surprising” thing about DJT is that so many ppl are surprised. Any1 could see this would happen, although maybe not to this extent
Says a dishonest man...
This is what kamala is doing
https://youtu.be/kpZbVrIP1zc 

https://youtu.be/kpZbVrIP1zc 
