
Yup Muslims Have shown the way how to treat Womenanyone they don't agree with 
Female FMG for little Girls .
Please Mrs Obama explain 
Where does the time go?

Seneca Fall's NY is a great town!  Please visit!
I love Seneca Falls & visited there several times
Can we please talk about building roads and trains and improving Americans lives instead of dividing people into groups?
We need a woman in the WH & in Congress
Thank you.so much, Senator Harris for your.service for California and our country.  Proud to say"I voted for.Kamala Harris. She's the best!"
Kamala is a rock star! Peace & Love
Ms. Harris: I hate to ruin your weekend, but you will be preppin' for questioning Manafort, Trump Jr., and Kushner. We need ya' on this.
@SenKamalaHarris Yes, Senator, we need your directness and prosecutorial skills; you are appreciated.  #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
She has a habit of making TreasonWeasels piss themselves.
Always fighting. Maybe it's time people came together and cooperated instead of continuing to fight all the time. Always partisan rhetoric
I love strong women
One of those little history lessons not taught in PS. I learned about this on a podcast.
The fight continues and we are hoping you will lead us! #presidentharris

What rights do women not have?
I'd feel better if the Constitution said "people" instead of "men" for starters. Doesn't seem like too much to ask.
Yes..like #2A, the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed.

Look at the statistics in family courts, to see who the victims of injustice are.  Lets not forget it should be justice for all, not one sex
All laws can be swept away until the Constitution says "people" instead of "men."
@realDonaldTrump $hame #womensmarchonwashington #PlannedParenthood #SaveTheACA Sanction #tumprussia
Proud of my Sisson ancestor, Sarah Sisson was one of the signers
Yes Because women in America have it so hard 
Please take a look around other Countries
 Do you all even say thanks to our Troops
#freedom
Betcha T doesn't mention
History ignores these revered foremothers argued against the injustice and inequality that black men could vote but not white women.
I could have sworn Susan B Anthony was older than that.
Thank you Kamala! Proud that you are my senator!
2 u young ppl:my mother was born before women had the right to vote.Can u begin to imagine that?She was amazing&smart.Way ahead of her time
Power of the mujer
we have made strides but have such a long way to go......
And the source of a fight between @Pres_Bartlet and First Lady on the West Wing. 
#Persist
If Trump asks the States one more time what they have to hide by not submitting voter information. As Trump what hes hiding by no tax return
Should be a national holiday.
Kamala, we need your help. See pinned tweet @Burrisinvst4u
Those whose shoulders we stand upon.
The struggle is real.
And yet the horrid group #SBAList using Susan B Anthony's good name 4 destroying EVERYTHING she and others fought so hard 2 obtain #CONTROL
change your narrative#go to university graduations and look at what degrees men want and what degrees men want
You better believe it. We're persistent because those women and many after them paved the path for us.
Acknowledged, TRUTH
Please consider a run! We've already picked your running mate; I informed his staff this morning. #HarrisKennedy2020
Make sure you take your little rugs with you. So you can bow with Linda Sorous!

Another Racist using being a woman / race as why anyone would not agree with her
Nope
Not a role model 
Divides USA  
She's rude -hateful
My struggle is keeping my daughter from the dangers of the likes of you.
*For (white) women's rights.
Read, learn: https://www.nwhm.org/online-exhibits/rightsforwomen/AfricanAmericanwomen.html …
What "fight" are u TALKING about!??
You just exposed your opinions as uninformed when you assert there is no problem. Try a browser search--> women's rights issues
What rights don't you have?
Is asking for "people" to replace "men" in the Constitution really too much to ask?
Feel free.  We have an Amendment process.  Want me to show you how to use it, little girl?
#NeverthelessShePersisted
I like that there were quite a number of "gentlemen" on that list joining in on the fight!
You need to run for president, @SenKamalaHarris.
Because she wants to "fight" for laws that already exist? .. so just to fight and divide? Right on.
#ImWithKamala
I am a proud woman originally from N.Y. I never thought the things that we fought so hard for would be challenged today.
Inspiring!  March on ladies ;)
Run for President and blaze the trail.

Maybe you should take a look at @IvankaTrump and all she is doing for women!!!  A little support would be nice.
#ImDead
What are you still "fighting" for?
The laws may be in place, but until the Constitution says "all people are created equal" those laws could be swept away
