There are Latino and black men that make less than a white woman while having the same education and skills. Why only address women?
My white privilege is threatened by one week dedicated to someone less privileged than I am. Rhaaa!
Except that I'm a Latina, a college graduate and fully bilingual. I've had awful experiences. Putting my last name and that I know Spanish
gets my resumé immediately thrown in the garbage. Although I have paralegal experience, I get offered receptionist positions.
My Linkedin account says I'm a diplomat for a foreign government and all the skills I have. I still get offered receptionist positions. wtf?
All because I'm bilingual. Many people don't understand what it means to be fully bilingual. I'm just good for answering phones.
@KamalaHarris addresses one segment of the population as if the rest of us don't exist. Why? Identity politics still gets to people. sad!
This is how politicians divide us. You already started on the wrong foot @SenKamalaHarris. Keep taking advice from HRC.
Harris / Franken 2020,  what a ticket !

Why would you be angry about a Harris/Franken ticket? I see by your feed that you're. Dem exiter, so why do YOU care?
What about all women? Or all minorities? Focus on equality. Separating black women is still discrimination.
She isn't saying that's not happening, but within that black women fare even worse. Nothing wrong with pointing that out
I doubt they fare worse than Hispanic women
I agree, and these are all important facts.
If we R 2 approach the wage disparity issue fairly issues that must be addressed R  - Women get paid less - physical appearance dictates pay
There's so many misogynistic factors that drive pay inequality that addressing just one or just one group doesn't do the problem justice
The candidate that gets my vote is the one that fights all day every day for principled, inclusive governance
You got me curious and I looked it up. Hispanic and American Indian women do even worse. I'd love to hear if she has any solutions.
Your party Kamala your watch!! How about tweeting solutions vs "election speak"?  All I see from you is rhetoric and problem ID.  No answers
Soooo since the wage gap for women was debunked, we are now tossing in the black aspect and taking another swing at it.
Absolutely false a straw man argument
Perception can be deceiving. Unless men make a tectonic shift in their mannerisms towards women; we can only indulge in stereotypes.
So are you saying your buddy Obummer did not take care of the Black people when he was in office?
Let's talk about adding #BlackWomenwithdisabilities to your plan! We have data! #PWD #ADA27 #BlackWomenEqualPay  Thanks #DC
Saw their vaginas up so hey can not get PG and stop letting depend on the government for support  and they will start to raise their wage
Latinas are payed the lowest!
Equal education, experience and attitude works better than mindless hashtags #GetToWork #SLN
The foundations of both major parties need to be rocked. Hillary was seen as the establishment and Trump the anti establishment.
Here we GOOOOOO again, with the PITY PARTY CRYING!!!
you're "twending" - thanks:) ps: oops just invented a NEW WORD #Twending #hashtags #Hashtag #Twitter #twitterstorm #twend #TwinPeaks #ECO
History Heroes, anyone but this woman. PLZ!
Kamala, I'll never vote for you.  never

Steve mnuchin  @SenKamalaHarris @bustle #resist  #kamala2020
And all single women with children
Hope you dont join up with the Clinton clan
Of course she does. #KounterfeitKamala is running for Pres. She'll come up w plans that play on identity politics bec. she's a #ClintonClone
I don't think this will work.
Weekly discussion and struggle for my wife. Maybe college loan forgiveness to make up the difference since it was supposed to help solve it?
Running for public office is one sure way for a women to earn what her male Senate colleagues do, and what others POTUSes have.
Hope you make a run for POTUS someday.
Please run for president in 2020 #Kamala4President
That is such a losing argument. Why can't it stay pay gap for women. We have to broaden appeal not narrow it.
End pay gaps for women, period. It's long overdue.
GET A JOB
Neera, you are tireless in your pursuit of market-based half-solutions.
Weird, but I don't see any support for organized labor in this. It's almost as of mainstream Dems only want superficial improvements.
I can't help but notice that strengthening organized labor isn't in this platform. What a surprise.
Already going for the Black American vote and the women vote.  As if they can't see completely through you.  Forget 2020 dear.
The Pay For All Women Is Devastating To The Economy Not Just Black Women...
@SpryGuy
My pick for the next President of the U.S., and the first woman to win the electoral college.
Today is black women pay equity day! Seven months to earn as much as white men. Disgraceful!
In my experience black women are more vocal and know their rights, Hispanic women are much more reticent
Yeah ok. The solution is to stop undermining black woman with illegal workers. @TheDemocrats used to get this. Don't worry, trump gets it.
for ALL women
Lies.
Kamala probably wouldn't care about an Irish paygap.
She fully would but today, we're talking about black women because this day is commemorative.

Making it white would validate it for you?
Seems like projection on unconscious awareness of economic outcomes.  The more units (holidays), the lower the value of the unit.
#Kamala2016
Kamala 2016!!
The pay gap for Latina women is even greater. Are they going to get their own Equal Pay Day, too?
Kamala killing it as usual- Giv-er
Cut taxes, repeal Obamacare, grow economy....will create jobs and raise wages.
THANK YOU!!!!!
How about we address it for ALL Americans w a $15 min wage. That's a start at least.It's been at present level since 2009.Inflation=1.65%/yr
In a true democracy and supposed free country this shouldn't even need to be ask.
Progressives will; and without you.
Were skills and education considered in your determination? or their social disicions or even geographic region in pay for anyone
over the lifetimes of USA's 23.5M black women this totals $20 TRILLION. That's more than current US GDP.
I know!! How about a Black Woman President!!
#hinthint
Why is it that these articles articles never mention black people? This creates a narrative that BM are economically equal to WM
I'm a fan senator but this represents either complete dishonesty or ignorance about the statistics you imply and what they actually mean.
Kamala, does the gap take in account different position versus equal position?
Just women who are black? I think women.

We also need to address the growing high rents &no rent control. My job pays well but I'm being priced out of my home. bad neighborhoods 2
As a white man it's just embarrassing how wages are so disparate. Everyone should be paid the same for the same job!  WTF it's 2017! SMH!
Yes but it should be women in general. Let's break that glass ceiling.
Thank you, Senator!! What people fail to realize is once Black women have equal pay, we will achieve universal #equalpay!!! @womensmarch
yeah, that is why Oprah is paid so much and others with no talent
she did not earn an oscar, has not done anything since.besides, Oprah and harris are blatant racist and bigots and you defend them u r 1 too
Women lack representation~ Gender Gap in All Aspects of life~Discrimination in health care,Housing,Civil Rights~ #BuriedBySystemsAbuses
Let's address it as a whole and stop separating folks. It's this constant separation that feeds the separation. Women of all colors unite!
We need across the country equal pay for equal work for all people
Nonsense. Refer you to Christina Hoff Sommers, re "the gender wage-gap myth." Educate yourself, Senator.
Isn't this the week that black women's pay catches up 2white men's That's how little they get paid in comparison takes until Aug to catch up
Black women and all woman really! It is time
Can democrats surprise republicans and at last minute stay in session and announce new healthcare message for fixing ACA ??
I have courage to file Racial #DISCRIMINATION vs @CambridgePolice because I thought there's a law able to protect me, but liars lied covered
Black women are at the bottom of this totem pole! @SenKamalaHarris is rightfully pointing out the disparity for Black women!
Must be Geo. Here, white males first, black fem.2, 3 other minorities., 4blk. Male, then me, unless they suspect that I'm gay. All n pt ofvu
Doesn't sound like enough to make a good sample population.
Could be, just telling u what its like in S. Ga. I had 2 men tell me they wd. not give "a man's" job to a woman when men w. Fams. Need it.
#Thanks @SenKamalaHarris #Truth for 11 yrs I worked @CambridgePolice 
I witnessed "white" ppl non stop severe attack me brown skin w/ black.
Well there you have it. Evidence of systemic racism.
So glad you are addressing issues that make many families suffer unnecessarily...Seems you are a gift from God.
Not just Black women. ALL WOMEN. We're still earning about 76 cents on the dollar vs. every set of testicles out there.
Keep fighting. We're counting on you.
people in these comments really don't understand how intersectional disenfranchisement works huh

Sub-group specific creates division w/in the group. Pay gap impacts all women. Work toward equal pay for all, not better for some, EQUAL4ALL
I wonder what the difference between black men and women vs whites? I wonder who is lower the men or the women? #BS #EqualPayForAll
It's an earnings gap
@Sargon_of_Akkad
YES!
She is never going to be the woman to lead that battle she's to busy rubbing elbow with the rich & shameless in the Hamptons on her days off
Well of course, expose the racism and sexism, and the implications. Women need a strong effective leader.
Yasssssssss!!!
As equality expands, harmony, joy, togetherness, peace, drop in crime rate, neighborhoods become more developed! When will that day arrive?
TRUTH, Sen. Kamala your tweet (notification) 2 mins ago 11:55am that I had been eating on; Good Monday.
Edit,  waiting on Sen.Kamala Harris not eating,  TRUTH  2mins ago your tweet ((notification) that I had been waiting on TRUTH
What? Please, you have NO clue what it is like for women. Your comment just shows your sexism and ignorance. #IgnorantMagat

