Unfortunately, my state is Kentucky, and my "senator" (and I use that term loosely) is He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named. He won't listen to me.
Call the Turtle face for me
Yes, but the question is ... what could I possibly say that would make a difference? Unless I ask him if his refrigerator is running ...
Do you want me to follow you
Sure, I follow people who engage with my tweets and have similar views, but no pressure.
What other interest do you have apart from politics. I like cooking
Love recipes, too. Before the election and this "Trump World" era, I tweeted a lot about movies, Jane Austen, recipes, etc.
I am facinated by the people of Kentucky
I agree.  I live in Kansas and my Senators don't give a crap about my phone calls.  They are going to vote Yes, anyway.  Gov't is a joke
It is destructive to say there's no hope. There is always hope 
I vote, march and make phone calls.  The GOP do not care!!! Gerrymandered voting districts, prejudice and misogyny is the GOP way.
The @gop selfishly care about their jobs!!
True. But they will really only pretend to listen during campaign season. People need to start voting smarter. The GOP care about themselves
Voting smarter takes seeing more and more people standing up and saying This Is Not Right 
Until Democrats acknowledge vote hacking & take steps to bring back fully audit capable elections, republicans won't care what anyone says.
Not a SINGLE voting machine in our great nation is hooked to the internet to be able to be hacked. Not ONE vote was changed. Ask Obama
I do agree not 1 vote was changed in my opinion it was several hundred thousand votes that were changed.
Strange that somehow you have this evidence but Obama's as well as the current justice department cannot find any evidence
They don't control elections, GOP states do, & they make sure investigations are stopped. You can't find what you don't look for.
So did you believe  Obama when he said election was legitimate and there were no votes changed? So who do you believe? Trump or Obama?
No, in fact, I don't believe either one of them. My thoughts are based upon probabilities. We need a full investigation of the vote to know.
None of the current investigations are actually investigating the vote itself. They're investigating influence.
agree, we need a FULL REPEAL of obamashit and then return to private health insurance.
Rubio doesn't answer his phones anymore.
Problem. My Republican senator helped write the bill.
I was going to retweet this but I already did.   Senator Harris
Sorry, Kamala. We live in Alabama. Our Republican Senators are... well, you know Mr Sessions?   'Nuff said, then.
Blessed to live in California. Thanks @SenKamalaHarris @SenFeinstein
Unfortunately my senator is the supreme asshat and would do no good calling him.McConnell I call every now and then with just to mess
I hate McConnell.  Mine are Cruz and Cornyn, McConnell wannabes. I hate them too.
Weren't the contents of Obamacare bill a secret when Nancy Pelosi said: "We have to pass it to see what is in it?" Tells me no one read it.
No
If you live in a statewith a Democrat senator don't call cause like Illinois your state is broke, NO MONEY cause they spent all overseas
I did. Then they wrote me and said Obamacare is federal overreach and they don't care what I say.
It is a federal overreach. Do you think the gov't should force people to buy things? Here in AZ monthly premium is $3114 w/ $6K deductible
OR: “Call your senator: Phone numbers for every office of every U.S. senator,” David Nir, Daily Kos; 2-2-17
But,but,,I'm from Texas and that means calling Cruz. TED CRUZ. Have you ever talked to it? It's gross and it lies and has a weird voice.
Sooooooooo beyond grateful to have you and @SenFeinstein !!!
You can call @SenateMajLdr but he really doesn't give shit about his state! I know because I live there unfortunately!
Mine doesn't care about what happens to me, it just doesn't matter. This will kill me. My calls mean nothing.
all the more reason to keep calling!
Yeah, trying to appeal that my life is literally in his hands is emotional and wrecking. I do try everyday to have the courage though.
If you get to a staffer, tell them a story. Not a "sob story", just little incidences that tell them how it affects your life.
Yes....I try telling Mitch, but he doesn't listen.
.Don't forget to call Republican Governors too. Turn over all rocks,beat the bushes,so they know the public is aware of their dirty tricks
If your the senator of ca .. we know you slept your way to the top.. starting with Willie
Secret health care bill? You mean the Affordable Health Care Act that Pelosi said we need to pass to see what's in it? So sick of the lies
the one that had 161 republican amendments to it, that had hearings for months that were televised? That one? Shut up. So sick of the lies.
I have Cruz and Cornyn. I'll get nothing without divine intervention.
Same here! 
Whatever happened to "we have to pass the bill, so you can see what's in it". Huh Kammie?
@SenToomey won't answer his phone. Hope he is enjoying his last term. That $350,000 bought his vote. Disgrace !!!!
I do. I call tweet, email everyday.
Excellent...I cant Retweet this enough!!!
Unfortunately I'm from KY, so my Senator is the dirtbag who orchestrated all of this and NEVER LISTENS TO HIS CONSTITUENTS. #ditchmitch2020
Kentucky deserves better.  #ditchmitch2020 http://www.indivisibleky.org 
Democrats can't convert Republicans!  I live in the South surrounded by ignorant bigots. Avoiding all politicians & their campaigns is smart
No, but for the least can tell staffers what it'll mean: Nazi politics, literal #euthanasia - and tell them to tell their bosses their
They don't answer. My Senator is Burr!
@SenatorBurr line has been busy. Unable to even leave a msg & I'm as a constituent too. Actually wonder now if it's not intentional.
Probably is intentional at this point.
Yikes, I hope not. But it does align w/ the total lack of transparency the GOP has perfected/insisted upon re: ACHA.
Maybe people should look into the secrets of some of the hollywood groups also and thier luciferian ritual practices or how women are used .
If we listen to anything you and buddy Marco suggests we will be living in someone elses nation under sharia law ms sexist racist 118? 257?
Several House GOP changed their votes to NO b/c of the volume of calls they got against Trumpcare. We only need to get 3 to vote against!
Sen Sasse (R-CO) has already said he's a solid no vote! WE CAN DO THIS!!! "Don't give up, don't ever give up!" -Coach Jim Valvano
Sasse is NE, not CO.  Unfortunately, Cory Gardner is the Senate R in Colorado, &he's McConnell's lackey- 1 of the 13 working on the bill.
Sorry. I knew that, had a cranial flatulation. 

I wish I could say that my 2 were against Trump are, but I don't expect then to. Vote no.
How bout we round up 23 mil plus people, march on Captiol Hill & confront the 12 @GOP's conspiring to commit HC fraud against U.S. Citizens?
That's a great idea
Yep, we'll see how flipping fast the @GOP backs down if the American people grind this country's industries to a halt & confront them in DC.
I have Rubio on speed dial !
Here are some important twitter addresses as well. I've been giving them hell on Twitter.
Ooh! *scrambles to find a pen* THANK YOU!
@SenateMajLdr
@SenTedCruz
@SenTomCotton
@SenJohnThune
@SenatorEnzi
@SenOrrinHatch
And pledge your support. It's time to put an end to idiological idiocy and repeal Obama.
OCare was never designed to succeed. It is a pathway to single payer. Hating on people who work for a living "the rich" is tired and boring.
Thank-you for fighting back! An answering me back! Horrific ppl running tis government.
All 3 of my reps In Congress have spoken agonist this bill proud to be from Vermont encouraged by the action of California and you
I would, if I thought for a minute that @SenCoryGardner didn't actually delight in screwing over his constituents.
Thanks for caring Rep Kamala Harris!!!
Ask Nancy about secret... We have to PASS it before we can READ it!
I call Shelby daily. His staff acts condescending and lie to me. It's a miserable 15 minutes
My Repub senators in Georgia couldn't care less what their constituents want. I call them constantly. No calls ever returned & no answers.

Yes we all need to call them on this bull shit healthcare bill.
Called again today.
Love my California Senators
Its not secret.  Ask @NancyPelosi, you have to vote it, to know whats in it.
Your awesome.  Please continue to stand your ground. We need people like you
Wow, if I recall believe more Republican senators than your brand. 

AHCA WILL PASS WITH 52 SMART ASSTUTE SENATORS. WANNA BET ?
Praise All that is Good YOU are my Senator.
@TheDemocrats Spread the wordCall your Senator
Kamala has selective memory has forgotten totally with the Democrats did passing Obamacare and did not let anyone see what's in it shut up
@NancyPelosi said when it's past we can read what's in it oh I got it confused that was Obamacare Kamala shut up
How can we help?  Let us know.
Income,  income and way of life!.. anything else WHO CARES!.. (REPUBLICANS).
And if you live in Kentucky?
How many secrets have you worked through? Was Obamacare one of them?
I'm in #Kochtucky too -- @SenateMajLdr's office doesn't answer the phone nor make appointments. Fax it is!
Obamacare is destroying the middle class.
Thankfully I don't.  @ChrisVanHollen   Although I still call
No secret now. And it is a fundraiser for tax breaks. Nothing more.
What's your thoughts on Georgia 6th keep screaming and we'll keep winning
I would but my senator created this mess of a bill. Not proud Kentuckian. But then again, neither is he.
Harris your just another nut case like all your fellow Dems lolol
LOLOLOL
You need to be our President !
#linesalwaysbusy
how is it secret? wasnt the bill released today?
@senKamalaHarris do u see the reply's in this tweet or r u ignoring us too like GOP.  Calling GOP Senator don't work, they ignore our voices
Every day!!!! To call your comrades whom like your familiar with won't even be in the office?!
Roy Blunt - Missouri. As bad as Mitch McConnell. A life Senator whose been in office far too long & heavily promotes his self enrichment
Starting with Senator Collins, Senator McCain, Senator Graham..and the rest...God help us,.
Thank you, you rock!
Just sent this to all my family (well, most of my family) that live in red states.  
Or call even if you don't. All they can do is hang up
AZ is a picnic. Flake and McCain. But I faithfully call every day...
Yeah this is some bullshit. The country is fucked, right? Do Republicans hate poor people or just poor black people?
Imagine that you lived in Texas & @tedcruz & @JohnCornyn were your Senators. I call & write but know it's useless.
I have Toomey and I think he went into the witness protection program what a coward
Glad to be one of your constituents!  of #TheResistance
How about with a senator at all? The hurt is bipartisan
I am thankful YOU are my Senator!
how about I call my Democratic senators every day and tell them to vote for the House Republican bill instead! -_- I want this bill
Can we just skip to the save point, where your potus, and fixing this?
Cory Gardner doesn't answer phones any more... he should be drummed out of office. Tarred and feathered
What if we live in your state?  How else can we help?
Thank you for all that you do Senator.
Does that include Senator Feinstein? #retire
Yes and stop Obamacare insurance taxes. Try having OC 3 months never using it and having to pay 11,000.00 in OC insurance taxes
I do call every day, I send a fax, I sign every petition, march, rally but Marco Rubio pays no attention to his constituents.
Kansas reps r owned by Koch brothers
@SenDeanHeller prepare your phones
Thank you, senator, for fighting the good fight.
You can consider it done! I won't give Pat Toomey a day off.
How about u do ur job ACA is failing and has been for years
yes capitalism out of medicine now we need singlepayer
I call @SenCoryGardner every other day in Yuma, Pueblo, Denver, and D.C.  Not letting up.  Also call @SenBennetCO Ark office to thank him.
Would love to but phone calls stress me out
Especially, if your Sen is using carriers' withdrawal from exchange as defense for this bill. IN @SenToddYoung. Market instability is reason
Did you do this when when Dems were pushing the Obamacare debacle down taxpayers throats?
Would be great if my Sen @JohnMcCain & @JeffFlake had staff avail to answer calls. I've tried their local offices AND this ph # to no avail.
Expect many calls @RoyBlunt
And demand they kill @Obamacare @BrokenObamaCare @ObamaCareWatch
No matter what GOP say prior to the day of voting next week
Don't be lulled into PROMISES- we know GOP don't keep them
for the PPL
Barbaric & Inhumane!
I hear you @RussellsRiff! My CO R Sen helped "write" it too and is too afraid to hold a town hall. Won't listen, has never listened.
Called my Dem senators about the secret Obama are bill we couldn't read till passed. Didn't help
Call them back and thank them for your insurance
Costing 3x what it did in 2007
Insurance companies and medical establishment have no fallibility or responsibility ever. Rates increased slower than expected under aca
So grateful we live in a state with you as our senator. Thank you for your service.
I'm (thankfully) in a state with 2 Dem Senators - who can we call who might listen, since they are already doing the right thing?
Unfortunately Rubio will do whatever the Donald wants even if it's not what his constituents want
I've got @JimInhofe & @SenatorLankford. They give zero fucks about listening to me or anyone else
Bwhahahhaha I live in Oklahoma
I've called you!!! You should too
Can't trust you Demcrats. Remember how ObamaCare was passed... no one was allowed to read it. How quickly you forget. How does it feel now?
Say what Kamel hare
I left a message for Pat Toomey, and have been calling him. I am sure his staff is much smaller than Arlen Specter's was as people answered.
I am so sorry we've got the same last name. It's because you are from Ca. I think. You are the only Harris that's got to be a Dam Fool, D.A.
So Obama and Hillary did nothing in secret?! Emails and Bengazi and Eric Holder just to name a few. Dems cannot be trusted, so it seems
Done. Every single day since March
Obama care was far worse. I prefer government stay out my Healthcare. #FullRepeal
@BRIANMBENDIS at least people are getting a change to read this bill .
Nancy Pelosi said about ACA we have to vote for this bill in order to find out what's in it? you my friend are a hypocrite
I am blessed to call you my Senator because you fight for us!!!!
I've already called 7 times, the last time today.
Once every 4 hours would be good...
What is the point!?! They don't give a sh**!
Still proud you are my Senator!! Very proud @KamalaHarris
You are my senator. Thank you for fighting for us!
I will. To support them.
Fortunately, mine in Louisiana doesn't look like he will vote for it....
Thank god we in CA have 2 great Senators!
Yes absolutely!
As a native Californian, I know you have our back Kamala.
Lucky to have you as my senators! @SenFeinstein @SenKamalaHarris Any advice for what I can do to fight this?
Ya do that, you might want to see what's in it first
Yeah and then we get to keep crappy Obamacare! Wait that will suck worse...my bad.
The WH & Republicans are determined to decimate our Democracy to appease their RICH Masters.
I don't. Lucky to live in a state with you and Ms. Feinstein representing me. But it doesn't seem like enough now.
And thank them for making the system better!
 I'm stuck with @SenToomey.
@OrrinHatch @SenMikeLee determined to protect corporations. Lee's initial concerns are just feeble attempts to fool Utahns. Still calling
We do

A lot of people you need to reach aren't on Twitter. Get on radio in rural/urban areas, local news, billboards, bus - yes, ride bus & talk
I tried to call my cowardly senator PAT TOOMEY, his office didn't pick up & his voicemail box was full. COWARD!!!!!  Apologies language  
I live in Klan headquarters ... Indiana
Oklahoma doesn't, never has and never will give a shit....
I wish Indiana had a beautiful, gr8 person like Mrs. Harris 2 represent. CA is extremely lucky 2 have her & should be honored.
You're my senator. Give em hell.
I fortunately live in Maine where @SenatorCollins and @SenAngusKing are responsible & will speak their minds.  Make Maine proud.  STAND  UP
I'm in TX, so it's hopeless.
Fortunately I live in California and have two great Senators!
It's not really that secret.
Both of my Senators are voting no.  Anything else I can do?
Unfortunately your my senator..You don't return calls
Please run for President, Senator?
DON'T LIE KAMALA.
It is no secret.  Just read what's in it.  Republicans need to let Obamacare completely fail on its own.  Then DemoRats will need to fix.
at least youre not talking about Russia collusion! amen!
Pretty sure the doors weren't locked. You could have joined in the process anytime you wanted, but you're a drone following orders.
It's not secret anymore.
I like the bill
Called @JohnCornyn today  We have no faith he'll represent his constituents in Austin #DemocracyDiesInDarkness
Calling from Wisconsin @SenRonJohnson everyday, all numbers. Called again today! #dontmesswithacaligirl
@PattyArquette TX re both Cornyn & Cruz--can't call or leave messages--"box is full". It's been full for months! PRIMARIED
Well that might work if one of your senators wasn't Mitch McConnell. Any suggestions for Senator who doesn't care about his constituents?
All government employees should be required to be insured by the American healthcare act
I can't wait for elections here I. Texas. Telling everyone I know to vote #TeamBeto to replace Cruz (Beto O'Rourke for senate in Texas)!!
Neither Ted Cruz or John Cornyn answer their phones, no staff answer. Contacted by email a few times. Get back a generic answer every time.
Wow lot of paid soros staffers posting lol
I do! Have called senators murkowski & Sullivan every day! Thanks for all you're doing, it's time for everyone to participate.
Afraid it will take Republicans calling Republican senators. Not sure they care one bit what Democrats think.
What if my senators are spearheading this bs?
Yes to repeal failed Oboma care which screwed the middle class "keep your doctor, lower premiums" ended up extremely high premiums/deductibl
Trust me, I do!
Which is no longer secret. Still call. Vote no
Which bill is that?
Hahaha my Senator hasn't answered a phone in six months
What do I do if I live in a state with two Democrat Senators (hint: one is you)? Who should I call? WHO? (Murkowski, maybe?)
We want Single Payer!! Get off the Corporate TIT and start fighting for poor and working Families or we will VOTE YOU OUT!!
Maybe you should call them so that when they start answering your questions you can interrupt them before they finish
New laws need to be written to ensure checks and balances are respected by both sides.
Fortunately you andDiane are my Senators.
Secrets? Kinda like how Obamacare originated ? Behind closed doors WITHOUT GOP and passed in the middle of the night.
They have choice of pressing number then either no answer (Cronyn) or VM (Cruz).
