Socialized health care is rationed health care. It is a bad health care system. I have relatives whohave lived in Canada & the UK who agree.
Thank you for switching sides and kicking the Hillary wing to the curb...
Hillary Clinton was trying to pass her own healthcare plan in 1993 and Kamal represents many Clinton supporters
Is that why Hillary made such an unworkable mess of it?...
u r so messed up wouldn't know where to start
Tell Feinstein you'll only back her if she backs us by supporting #MedicareForAll
@Rich_893 Medicare for all is all I want for Christmas!
Then move to Venezuela for your "free" stuff!
Sen. Harris... I have one thing to say... HARRIS 2020!
Right! 
That dunce has NO idea how economics work!
Kamalit a . bella.   My. Love.  Te. Deseo.     Mucho.  Dime.  Tu.  Dame   . llamame.
Hola.  Bella. My. Love. Como  estas. Que tengamos  un. Gran  día.
I would love to see a Adam Schiff/ kamala Harris ticket for 2020 ! That would work great for me !   
You must be a Republican then...that is death on two wheels!
You must be a brain stem. Read my profile dummy !
Harris/Kennedy 2020!

I freakin love this!!! Helluva Ticket here!
Thank you for caring.
How can someone have the RIGHT to demand money someone else worked for? Is that in the constitution?
Who is going to pay for this?  (Hint: you can't use the rich will pay for it either)
Hola muy love bella .inteligente  te vez. Estupenda.  Mi  senadora   un muy  día
Hola  bella. Muy love.  Como.  Estas. Espero.  Que. Tengamos. Un gran  día
Even if socialized health care was a good idea, which it is not, we do not have the money for it. The government is already going bankupt.
Health care is a privelege. We always made it a right for elderly and kids. If you're able bodied, work, get insurance, and pay for services
-no it is not a right-  people need to get off their butts & pay for their own care/ personal responsibility for a change / not freebies
Thank you for you voice
Okay, where in the constitution does it say that Healthcare is a right? The government needs to get out of healthcare & education.
There is no right to health care.
Yes; there is. It's in The Preamble to The Constitution.
Doesn’t mean you shouldn’t have to pay for it tho. 2A is a right and the govt doesn’t buy my firearms and ammo for me.
The healthcare I got from the last half-Black socialist was so shitty that I paid the fine not to have it. Who thinks this one will be diff?
Hola. Bella. My.  Love.  Como. Esta.   Mi.
Mi. Senadora.   A descansar   llámame
Who's paying for this. Are we now becoming Russia, Venezuela or socialist
You are a Senator?  Healthcare is NOT a right it is a privilege & you know it, I think!  You just say this to stay in office. #Privilege
it's a right for people who work for it, y should deadbeats receive the same HC as hard working patriots
Lived in many countries.      Never even thought about it, it was there and available for all and you paid much less than here.
Shut up!  It's not a right!!
Agreed
She keeps it
Thanks for being there for us good bless you
Thanks for having a voice for us
Was it you that decided it was a "right".  Do you know what "rights" are?
Universal health care won't work in America bc there are too many selfish money worshippers here. Could care less about less fortunate.
Where exactly can we find that in the Constitution? You so know what that is right? Most Demokrats dont.
What is the return on investment of letting an illegal alien come in USA, work for cash, not pay taxes, then send the money back to mexico?
when politics turns us into idiotic talking head. Sad! sad! n Sad
Kamala Harris for President 2020!
Being a clinic nurse in an indigent population you are so right. Everyone deserves to be taken care of regardless of income, race or faith.
If income does not matter then why should I work.
Hey, Kamala, today is #ConstitutionDay. What better time to actually read it to find out that healthcare is not listed anywhere in it?
just not with BS leading it.  His details are sketchy. Kamala didn't do her homework on the old fraud.
I believe HC is an economic sector that usual rules of supply/demand hold no sway. Therefore I believe govt should hold more control to...1/
...to stop the rampant profiteering in our present HC system. $5-10B/yr of our HC money goes to companies that perform no HC. 2/
Agree
#ImpeachTrumpANDPenceNow #NeverthelessShePersisted #GuantanamoforTrump #EVIL  @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski  @nytimes @WSJ
Convince those repugnant republicans that their thinking is so wrong
In the USA you can ruin your credit scores not get a job by missing payment for medical care
WRONG!!! It is NOT a right.
About to lose #medicaid bc wife was mandated OT at work.So for a few extra $ in pay we loose $100s in med & Rx costs.So meds or food & home?
The system is corrupt, but she's not wrong, and I wouldn't care if it was a serial killing rapist saying it. Health care should be a right.
Can't disagree that she's bought & paid for, but that's the system at work. She doesn't hav to stake her career on this, so I respect that.
I don't like Justin Bieber, but if he came out for Universal Healthcare, I'd RT the post where he did.
Healthcare should be the same for everyone. If you're a car wash employee or a congress member...your coverage..SHOULD BE THE SAME!!
The Kleptocrats in Red States want to control healthcare. They're also personally invested in the pharmaceutical industry.
#AmericaIsStupid
The right thing for you to do morally would be resign and never hold public office again @SenKamalaHarris
Says the lady not on Obamacare
Newcomer
Smart
It appears to be a partisan issue. Health Care is fundamentally and literally not a right. Please show me if I'm wrong the right u expose.
A lot of laws we live by are not mentioned in the constitution.   Health care coverage may not be a right but it is law now.
You go girl I love your energy on this
Health care should be provided equally to all people regardless of the wealth you were born into or the financial decisions you make.
What's the difference between health care and health insurance?
Oh man another stupid question.... God bless this poor woman
There are no stupid ?s. Don't harass me or I'll block you.
Thank you Sen. Harris!
I believe that you believe it doesn't apply to you or your fellow congressmen...#talkingthetalk
Great work! Too many people in our communities are faced with a tough decision; go to the hospital or put food on the table. #notinmyamerica
I think you bumped your head real hard. Get that checked out, Senator.
Glad you finally found Bernie's position. Nothing like leading from behind. Maybe work on a living wage, college for all, or de-mil police
Wonderful
Thank you for co sponsoring this bill with Bernie and many other senators!
@Kathia39 Do you already have this one?
Amen Kamala.......Amen!!
@blogdiva You know that I want to roll with you, but we have to nail the optics… every single time.
@blogdiva Let's change "is a right" to "should be a right".
Well it is in the rest of the developed world
Like Cuba and Canada right?
Like the whole Free world except the USA pay attention
Gotcha, you might wanna crunch those numbers again...
Yes
Healthcare is not a constitutional right, it's a service run by a business that's a privilege to have, and tax payers don't pay for it all
well said
But at what cost? CBO score? With the GOP I can't see this happening. And most Trump voters are too stupid to understand.
It's a right, it's right and the right want to make it worse!
yes it is.. now.. how will you pay for it? 

dont put out plans too soon.. gives them too much time to find arguments.. but.. still.. how?
Omg!  I love this woman!  Healthcare for all!
#NATIONALSALESTAX
Healthcare is NOT a right.  Tell me, what kind of healthcare do YOU have?
Health Care is a necessity for living,yes things need to be changed, ACA didn't go far enough, it's a great starting point though. No repeal
Please don't run for president in 2020,we need you in the Senate,representing California
Harris is a Communist/Socialist, no longer a Democrat, and should not be referred to as one. #ComradeHarris #HarrisIsASocialist
Amen!
Wonderful thoughts "Healthcare is a right" I wish you success
Talk to Vermont and the other states who tried out socialized medicine, it unaffordable and unsustainable
Yes better return on investment. Sick co-workers, teachers staying home with sick children, people losing homes due to cancer affects us all
Listen to my brother Larry's story, Senator,and all senators/ Congress who want to take away ACA. THERE BUT FOR THE GRACE OFGOD COULD GO YOU
Please run for President. Please.
As a moral matter, I believe we must provide care to those who need it. But a right? Where does that come from?
be honest, Senator...who will pay, what is the bill for taxpayers, how much rationing of care?  The bill will be distasteful to Americans
Harris.. the next POTUS. Just watch. Excellent. #donaldtrump @GOPLeader @OccupyDemocrats Teach rednecks a final lesson. #WhiteSupremacist
Are you saying health INSURANCE is a right? Hmmm maybe you should re read the constitution. No one is denied healthCARE in this country.
@thelabmaximus Please stop being a delusional troll. You don't know what you're talking about & you want to argue, go stalk someone else.
The left doesn’t have any logical arguments to present so instead cry out like petulant children “You’re being mean” What are you, like 5?
It's also about insurance and banking and fraud and collusion and big pharma and lawyers and punks, all in bed, so PURGE FRAUD AND REGULATE.
@mcspocky It's nice to see she's evolved on the issue, at least.
How big a severance bonus did the Equafax CEOs get for being to greedy and in-complainant? 
And why are thy not responsible for fixing it?
At some point we need to believe the same thing about K-12 education


First you need to define specifically what is included in "health care" and what is not.
Shouldn't a doctor decide what someone's sickness can be healed with?
The first time I saw this woman was on Holly Robinson Peete reality show and love her. #HarrisforPresident2020
kamala harris, talking head living off taxpayers
@SenKamalaHarris for POTUS.......... please !!!! All my love from Portugal
Woukd love to see you as POTUS but rules have changed.Speak out BOLDLY on all the legislation Rump is passing. Connect dots for public.
Good job Kamala Harris, keep it up.
You're an attorney? Where is it in the constitution?
It stuns me that a so-called developed country is DEBATING over whether health care is a right.
#HealthCareIsARIGHT
same w clean water schooling roof food. Cant pursue life happiness w outvthose basics look up Maslows pyrmad
Why isn't @SenJohnMcCain speaking..., no YELLING this same rhetoric???
eternal CALVINIST Carrot against suffragettes...  
@MittRomney let his jerks take MY PLACE!
#GamerGate fascist

Cobb County police Lt. Greg Abbott: "we only shoot black people"! It is official indeed! https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/8mtjmHu9xPA … & https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/75EqHmRwfHu …
He was being sarcastic
Health care is a service.
Yes! 100% Agreed! Well said! Kamala is our next POTUS.
I believe you should let go of all restraint. We have your back.
Every time this woman speaks I pay attention. We are going to need someone good to clean up this mess. Love Kamala!!!

'kinda being blocked' anyone else??
It's a right for all, not a beg to differ thing.
(Hey Kris ur retweet thing is too "faded"....doesn't work when hit. Pl check).
My tweet are locked,  click the inside pic take it from there.
Thanks. Will try....
Go straight to the post this displayed retweet from there.  Hope that helps.   I'm outta here bed time for me.
Did you write that speech or did you just take it from the "Democrats Talking Points Handbook". Any original thoughts, Kamala? Ever?
Enhanced Medicare for all is only a problem for Senators whose votes have been bought.
Increase taxes by 100% is ur right 2
Kamala eres. Eshpw
Kamala.  Eres sensac y o
Kamala eres sensacookkkb
Thank you. Please run in 2020!!
Mi bella. Del alma  las 24 horas para.  Ti escribeme  llama me
can this woman be any further removed from good judgement and common sense ?  go run on this platform in the u.k. or venezuela, not here...
PLEASE run for President!
Oh, thank you Kamala Harris for your socialist utopianism. I hope the healthcare provided will be better than what the VA provides.
Then pay for it.
#RabbitMeat4All

The layup of virtue signals.
Let's see you campaign to end Plutocratic & corporate dominance of duopoly politics or the rigged Dem primaries
Happy to pay more taxes to make quality medical care equally available to ALL Americans regardless their income, race, creed. #Medicare4All
Tell them Lady 
You're absolutely right about it. Thank you! Now, please re-think your relationship with corporations, be a leader, really help us.
What are you going to do to stop the @GOP from repealing the ACA and killing my wife #SaveLinda #FixObamacare
Please talk about how #MedicareForAll can ACTUALLY reduce USA cost by negotiating, as a nation, with providers and Big Pharma.
Costs MORE not to control chronic illness in early stages. These people are straight up nuts
America's promise which brain washed into citizens is justice for all. Yet its a completely fallacious LIE! Kamala
You are a fool. Healthcare is a function of competition and free market. Government  healthcare is not compassion it's control.
Health care is a right. So is Helen Huynh's Leukemia teatment and transplant. Help get her sister here from Vietnam to save her life!
And while you are working on this, what shall we do about Trump denying ACA funds to Medicaid expanded states and only giving to red states?

Who gave us the right to health care? God?  The only way it becomes a right is if "we the people" declare it as one.
No one has the RIGHT to the services of another person at the cost of taxpayers.
Socialized medicine like Socialism has never worked anywhere in the world socialism ends w/thousands of deaths+so will socialize medicine
Wow. I love how @SenKamalaHarris  explains stuff. Easy and very understandable
Material goods are never a "right."  Governments that have tried that end in starvation and genocide.
So is our right NOT to vote for your liberal agenda that will ruin our healthcare system!!
OINK OINK OINK
Wait till the CBO projects the cost. DOA just like in California. Sounds great but not reality. Besides, many doctors don't take Medicare.
Please can we elect you right this second!!!!! Please!!!! Harris 2020
The VA & the Indian Health Care Service are 2 examples of horribly run  gov services.  Fix them 1ST! WSJ article:
That's exactly why everyone should be on Medicare.  It's certainly not free, but it's the best healthcare plan I've ever had. I sleep well!
@SenSanders said that 1-payer h-care would bankrupt the USA and he was right. What made him change his mind and you to be foolish 2 follow?
Kamala for the Iron Throne!!!
Health care is not a right. But if it is a right, it appears you are advocating for a new form of slavery for health care professionals!
Big Pharma would love Medicare for all, as people on Medicare pay full prices for drugs.
Would you please forward the new version of the constitution that says that healthcare is a right?  I seem to be unable to find mine
A few men in the world are responsible for the health of all the world's population and they are failing us.
Healthcare is not a constitutional right but should be affordable.  What is your proposal to make it affordable without raising taxes?
it SHOULD be...
Kamala2020

Repeal ocare now it's destroying American taxpayers we had more choice and was affordable before. Support Americas president Trump
Bullshit. Folks had crap insurance at a cheap price.That is why many went out of business. Obama demanded better coverage.
I agree with her. I can't see how any pro-life argument doesmt take in to account not all are born equally..
Dems should focus on fighting Graham-Cassidy Bill. Serious threat that Dems & msm seems to ignore. Ck @ASlavitt & http://factpower.org 
Within the medical field itself. Example : requesting products regardless weather it adds a value to the patient care or not
Eventually, this is how it became. A big number of healthcare providers forgot what what their mission is and focused on additional income
Kamala for prez!!!
It always will though. You can't force world class surgeons to move to the middle of Montana. Location will always impact one's healthcare.
