that which you did unto the least of these.... .... ...
 A lot of bible verses but then you guys vote for abortions.... "you will know them by their fruits" .. do what you preach ..
I vote for a woman's choice. Actually, a Conservative Supreme court did years ago. Moot point.
Killing is wrong no matter if the woman choose it or Supreme Court decides it .. you should not participate in killing,that's not from God
I'd rather help the unwanted children in the inner cities, disabled children or those trying to escape Syria.
Yes ... change the subject and keep paying for abortions.. hypocrite
You hypocrite, first take the plank out of your own eye, and then you will see clearly to remove the speck from your brother's eye. #mute
The truth will get you free .. you r paying for abortions.. check who do you give your vote.. Plan Parenthood & the selling of baby parts ..
Not to mention the hospitals and nursing homes that will have to close..... and the jobs... the humanity....
?? Where do you get that??
if you're a James Bond villain.
Someday the people will realize how little the Republicans care about the common good. Then it'll be tar and feather time...
Obamacare is not working for many people. The insurance companies are pulling out of the exchanges. What is Sen. Harris solution?
Obamacare is working for many people. If a car needs a few repairs you don't set it on fire.
Well the Democrats think Obamacare is the cats meow. I want to know what the Dems solution is to fix it. Obamacare is failing fast.
I had to pay 100% to a doctor have been seeing for years. Non of it goes to the deductible either. I lost many doctors.
Health insurance in America has been terrible for generations. Obamacare was a step in the right direction, Trumpcare is a step off a cliff.
Again I want to hear Democrats fix to Obamacare.
Yes, Trump and the @GOP look victorious taking away healthcare from millions of people just so the wealthy can be wealthier......
Obamacare increased double digits in the the country, ppl can't afford it, if you paid 4 it you should know that, or maybe u have it FREE
So #Trumpcare #AHCA won't cause millions of people to lose health insurance 
Millions lost it bc Obamacare collapsed .. have to fix Healthcare .. bad coverage & it got extremely expensive..
Because the rich deserve a tax break that's why, but the poor/working class can suck salt. Wake up!
#GOPDeathParty
No doubt!
# 1 of "legal" biggest rip off scams.Otherwise Potus (who can't shut mouth Bragging) won't show Taxes.If Mueller not fired will uncover SCAM
Senator please support your comments with facts we can check. You say these things but show us nothing to support your claim.
Where are your facts regarding this new bill? Do u know anything about it? Have u read it? Have u seen it? I think not. Next.....
Your scare tactics aren't working obstructionist. Obamacare making hard working ppl go broke w/ 2X premium incr costing 1/4 of their income!
Your propensity for lying is shocking
Lying about little things
Lying about major things
Lying about non things
Lying just to lie
You are delusional and on top of that clearly have OCD issues you are dealing with.
Are you talking about obamacare?
His policies, there's always a steady stream of conservative white men who pop up to refute what they are saying and try to silence them.
"Throwing them off"?  You mean giving them a choice and you know many will choose not to pay vs being forced to pay. Aren't you pro choice?
Q President Harris
YES! The smart guys fools the R idiots to VOTE and the D idiots to stay home so they benefit. Rich R's are really good at that.
#RepublicansAreMean
If you like your plan you can keep your plan, doctor too...ooops.
Like ACA did? You took it from the working, made them pay fines when they couldn't afford it and gave it free to others! How is that fair?
To others it is MURDER.
Why is that? 
@ $65k a yr this couple is expected to pay $24k yr with a $15k deductible! How is that affordable? Free market please!
#Rich don't pay,have lawyers 2 make sure hard working taxpayers pick up total bill.But RICH Get BiGGEST refund.1 reason Trump's Taxes hidden
Please remind me as to why my family "lost our plan and lost our doctor"!!! Oh, I just remembered, Obamacare....
You know what's a victory to and for most? #SinglePayer
@ValaAfshar Your tweet is considered idiotic to most
Reverse robin hood
Looking through this feed it's always interesting to me that anytime a woman or a person of color had anything to say against Trump or....
#MedicaidMatters
I think the word "some" is generous. I keep waking up in the morning expecting to find out which "district" I'm in. #resist #NotMyPresident
Who knew,the Hunger Games was a prediction of our future
Yep
Amazing how Congress can be in love with something they don't have to use!
Same old Democrat talking points tax breaks for the rich .You people are like stale bread yuk just got to throw it out
Except they really wouldn't be thrown off.
Sure. It's a victory to the ruling elite. They get paid to deprive poor & elderly of healthcare.
Yes, it is, especially to the top 1%!!! The RETHUGLICANS ARE A DISGRACE TO AMERICA!! #FreedomOfHealth #HealthcareMatters #McConnellIsAMenace
@SenKamalaHarris  You would make a fine President, Senator. 
It's also considered greed from my point!
The 'some' are the misogynistic/racist/homophobic/xenophobic paranoid, unconscionable GOP who are 'Puppets' to 1%. Corruption rampant w/GOP!
LOL. How many millions lost the plans they liked despite promises from Mr. Obama, Kamala?
I'm watching this unfold as a Canadian who has had access to universal healthcare my whole life. Your courage is needed to fight this bill!
They need to realize you can only push people so far! Although with their base I'm not sure just how far that is! Ignorant group there!
Hope we realize there is a difference between 'Ignorance' & 'Stupidty' Stupidity='Hollywood Celebs' Ignorance='Trump's Base'...
Apparently Trump's Not Concerned With The Countless Cases of Heartache and Hardship Not to Mention Deaths This Will Cause
yes. the criminally insane
It's a losing venture for most.
Sad the fruit of Phyrric victory. Republicans would be lords of ruins.
Yes. They are call republicans.
Only if that person is a psychopath or sociopath!
Must sound like victory 2 most @GOP . They seem afraid 2go against McConnell.
.I'm scared, Senator Harris. Can this be stopped?
I just don't understand their way of thinking. How could anyone be so cruel?
Bizarrely- it's considered a victory by more than the 1%
Anyone wanna point out it's just bad economics? How do sicker, poorer workers improve the economy?
#Kamala2020
Why shouldn't the Catholic Church pay the billions in property taxes they owe? What are they, holier than thou? And child rapists?
Ugh, that's what I call a victory! But... if u wanted to pay for both, u could just eliminate tax exempt status of religious organizations!
They are taking amorality to a new low, I'm ready to leave the country.
Maybe they are planning another kegger. You know how they love that.
Hopefully no one in the top percentage has a pre existing condition.. Oh wait..

.
.

..

..

They can afford it with the new plan. Damn.
Dem place Democracy/Rule of Law
Constituents(rich/poor alike) 
before Party or self serving needs
Rep put Party,they're needs,wealthy
First
Because to GOP, only SOME lives matter.
@Roxy4080
Once again the WORKED YOUR HANDSTO THE BONE and still get tossed away like garbage. No more UNITED STATE OF MIND
We say “it’s unconscionable to condemn millions to ruin & infirmity”; they hear “we’re getting exactly what we want & your outrage is manna”
You're trying to rouse sympathy from people who don't care. Time to change tactics. Put up a bill you want. Let them fight that in public.
Throwing millions of working people off their health insurance by passing the ACA was considered a victory to some. (fixed it for ya)
It's a crime against humanity.
Sad times! 
The top 1%, Mitch McConnell, and Paul Ryan.  Like the new pic.
As a Republican, I must agree, lots of dumb people cheer this Bill and don't know, they will lose Healthcare , lol
In actuality, it is CRIMINAL.
Victory for some yes; and, death sentence for others.
Not to the majority!  Trumpcare is Republican's robbing from the sick and poor to give to the rich!
A victory to some, but absolutely wrong. #unbiblical
@joncoopertweets Only to people like @realDonaldTrump & Mitch McConnell, who are motivated only by money & opposing Obama.
@RepGoodlatte VA06 thinks the AHCA is great.  Incumbency matters more than constituent lives and wellbeing.  #OutIn2018
I wish someone would give specifics on these tax breaks for my argument. Are they happening within healthcare? Or corporate giveaways?
About 1% and those who've they've bought off
Vote No for our future
We need You in there 
Medicare for all
So how much money was spent on the Ossoff election?
Decision making you get when you try running the govt like a business. 23 million less insured will save money. Let's do it! #WWADD
#ConstituentsLivesMatter  we will know who votes for this!
McConnell and Ryan's home address and the schools where their children go to school should be published so they can be held accountable.
Wonder what % of tax break each 1 of these traitors is anticipating as a campaign contribution?  Wild love each 2 receive the same 30 pieces
Quit lying and get to work
So if they are working they don't need subsidies...right? And, if they are working, they can buy their own health insurance....right?
.@SenateGOP claim they're pushing thru #AHCA bc of campaign promises. Funny thing: their base has shifted and now wants to keep #Obamacare.
How can America fire Ryan and McConnell?
Can I sue Republicans house & senate when those with mental illness are unable to get their meds because of this give me more rich bill?
Explain what the top 1% is and how 70k in tax cuts is still pennies to them. Symbolic gesture that ultra rich shouldnt pay more taxes.
And you will fight with every tool available to stop this! Right?
And a crime to the masses.
Jim Crow has a new look. The 1% just realized they have too many drone laborers.
Let's call it what it really is... it's a legalized assassination of the most needy citizens by the corrupt GOP  & Trump for tax breaks
Yes, a total victory for the 1%!

so is silence on fiscal murder
Mitch McConnell is the chief kleptocrat in the Senate.
The bill is a tax cut for the rich with the added benefit of culling the herd of the weak. Let's call it what it is. Wealth redistribution.
People Rise up and fight. The GOP has no right to this. To get rich out of the country. We must fight back and take back what is ours.
@AsraNomani @Ayaan @clairecmc U showed these women NO RESPECT. I implore everybody watch as they ignore these women https://www.c-span.org/video/?429943-1/hearing-focuses-violent-extremism …
The new normal, @SenateGOP ? 
#SinglePayer #HealthcareForAll
Yes we r all so tired of winning winning winning,  makes us tired cuz we now spend lots of time explaining why meals on wheels is a loser
Yeah...the top 1%
Republicans r just wrong & hateful people that don't car and don't want 2 take the time 2 learn anything if they believe in gutting Medicare
DO SOMETHING!  ALL OF YOU - PLUS CHEETOH IN CHIEF -- STOP TWEETING AND DO SOMETHING!!
#SinglePayer
Stop saying people will be thrown off Health Insurance...they will be thrown off Health Care.
Not anyone I know. Nightmare
Please sponsor a bill #Medicare4All #WhatAmericansWant #AHCAKills #Medicare4All #ProAmerican #HelpAllAmericans like #HR676 @TheDemocrats
I just watched your remarks. "You took an oath." Impressive and powerful.  I hope they hear.  Thank you.
It just happens to be a ton of working class folks that for whatever reason are behind this because they voted for Trump. #PrideKills
Not us.
Our silence is surrender! Please call your Republican senators.
That's mean! I wholeheartedly support this. 
#HealthcareNotWealthcare
@tinyboo49 It comes w/a promise: "One who oppresses thePoor to increase his wealth &.gives gifts 2theRich-both com2POVERTY"
Third world countries with minoot budgets have better health care to Us insurance company's
We have to stay healthy!
Hurts my heart, literally.  Healthcare not wealthcare! Vista, Ca.
But a crime to those with conscience
Only the top 1%!
Yes a win for the !% only!
You forgot to mention the layoffs at Boeing and Ford... the two companies applauded for creating (negative) jobs ...
BULLSHIT to others.
Rand Paul said it isn't restrictive enough. Something is deeply wrong with the R party. 
#TheResistance #Trumpcare #wealthcarebill
I agree. Rand Paul is part of the tea party wing. Want govt out of everything. Gave us Palin, Cruz, Bachmann, Pence, King, Lee, Moran etc.
It's disgusting and infuriating! And to give them retroactive tax breaks? Abhorable!
Get them Kamala! Keep doing what you're doing! We love you and have your back!
It's totally immoral  ! Shame in them  !
It's considered unconscionable to more. Everyone is impacted by this. Wealthy think people CHOOSE to be poor. They DON'T! #ProtectOurCare
long game to reinforce class divisions
Its deplorable! They have no compassion
Great job of resisting trump while still being loyal to your donors.
Senator Harris, how about a counter effort aimed at debunking the "Obamacare is dead" statement? Again, Dems are letting GOP run the show.
Not true
Let's remind the GOP who they work for in the 2018 election!
@InSpiteOfTrump only to sociopaths
Some... Sociopaths 
Thats always been the repuglican way, dems always have to clean up their mess which they always leave this country in.
So the @GOP had their own Secret Final Solution meetings. Kill the poor, disabled, children & women the elderly! Insidiously heinous. #AHCA
Two words to attack corruption in DC : Term Limits.
And those of us who are disabled by illness who need it so much. He sees us as weak. may be physically ill, mentally I beat u like a rug.
Senator Harris, what should those of us who live in more progressive states do to fight this madness?
If you are Greedy A$$ho!#s!! Then that's a yes! Keep fighting #RESISTS
President Harris, miss Harris what do you think?
Namely, the 1% and the fools who are more interested in making liberals mad than they are in doing what's in their own best interests.
Right, the 1%! The rest of us can drop dead. They've outsourced most of our jobs to foreign countries so what do they need us for?.
yeah Putin
If you get up and bust your butt everyday, Obamacare drains you.QUIT having kids, and get to work. Its amazing what happens when you do.
Not a victory, but it is evil
If you sit at home and just keep having kids,and draining the system that's the problem. People are scared of hard work these days. PERIOD.
Some people should get help, like  children,disabled people,veterans,elderly,etc. But many people take advantage and r just 2 lazy 2 work.
It's unbelievable that working class people vote for these bloodsuckers.
Sickening Republicans Sickening the Population. Sickening and Shameful
Does that include the millions who "choose" not to have healthcare?  We should have a choice...shouldn't we?
GOP.   GREED OVER PRINCIPAL ,   FAKE POTUS!
We're better than this. Or at least we should be.
Fake news !
@SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @GOP if U do this then just know Karma may not be there 4 U tomorrow,next week,or next year,but it will find U!
A Dem Leader of tomorrow ... @JoyAnnReid
Some support this even though it goes against their self interest
This is beyond insane. There will literally be thousands of sick and disabled people dying on the streets! For TAX CUTS to millionaires. 
I didn't sleep
It's a disgrace it's even allowed.

And we know who they are.

#WHmarch2resign. March on Whitehouse. March on congress. March on senate. Demand their resignations. #revote #trumpresigns. Everyday!
You realize that Obama are cost people fill time jobs & insurance coverage because employers couldn't afford to offer & people can't afford.
No American Citizen will be at this victory party. It's Win v. Lose, forget about consequences.
Yes, and those people are what the French call "Les Jerkoffs."
Crazy.  Do they feel they will never require a helping hand. There goes me except for the grace of God
Ryan is seeing his lifelong dream come true.  McConnell is ecstatic.  Hope we all see the day when the bitch known as karma comes for them.
Bugatti's ain't cheap, screw those sick people. - GOP
Yes the the 1% and shady hypocrite politicians that get big bucks from the 1%
Hey Chicken Little, the sky is falling... bok bok
Modern Slavery of all Races Nobody is safe except 1%. Sad part the same people that looked down on lower and middle class are joining them
But Bernie would have signed single payer but the DNC helped HER to cheat. We wouldn't be having this conversation now would we.
