The first piece of legislation I sponsored as a U.S. Senator – along with my friend @RepJayapal – addresses this injustice.
The Access to Counsel Act says anyone detained at the border cannot be denied access to their lawyer.
We need it every bit as much today as we did when we first introduced it.
What is it then, oh enlightened one? Even Trumpster Fire himself used the term.
They can't read they went to a pot smoke filled liberal college. Brain fried. They know nothing but what CNN told them. No civics class
Seriously doubt this.
It was never a Muslim ban 

You need to go home get a education 

Vote your #criminal party home/orison/institution they are all nut cases
Nice try, come back when the @GOP does not control all 3 branches of government. Democrats can't obstruct if they have no power.
Feel sorry for you learn what obstruction is 
Be4 making an as.a out of your self 

Oops to late
There is no "Muslim ban" you Dolt! Stop spinning it!!
What is it then, oh enlightened one? Even Trumpster Fire himself used the term.
There were many Muslims still traveling as long as it was not to a few specific countries.Please stop twisting the truth to fit a narrative.
And they should have been deported. You know shit about the law. Scotus upheld the ban. Get over it. But we had other avenues
We DemoRats BELIEVE and FORWARD that it's a Muslim ban cause we want America to be divisive not safe and secure
What did u do about it besides try to seed communist goals?
This tweet is VERY divisive - shame on you. U are an elected leader. @PressSec @SenTomCotton @SenTedCruz @SenMajLdr @HeyTammyBruce @TheHRH
GOOD FRIDAY, SEN. KAMPALA  HARRIS
Hi Kamala, thanks for all you do for the people. Is there any real strong Democrat running in 2018 to defeat this nightmare president?
Nope, and it's 2020.....#MAGA
Thanks for the correction. That's very sad.
Yes they were held in airports and some held in jail, how horrible this administration is.  That day they even held a child without a parent
Who were your sources?
Thanks Kamala.  It is a Muslim ban.  Please ignore trolls or bots. Resist and Persist.  CA and otherspeople support you!!

Neglected by all agencies, "NICK" W/F http://Prvt.Bank  SJ/Ca. blew me off today during conversion of RSG SNT.  Similar abuse=I.S.!!!!
We must fight for and protect the rights of all Americans and treat visitors who have not violated our laws with dignity and respect.
It's a travel ban, Christians are also prevented from coming here.
Good Friday Sen. Kamala Harris
Liar
It's a country ban. Not a religion ban. When you take in refugees into your home we will change our paradigm. Until then...
keep falsely calling it a Muslim ban. You should hold rallies with sarsour. Disgraceful. How many dead ppl voted you in.
yep, ICE=Nazi Germany
If this happening in USA something is seriously wrong.Who gave such orders.Is it back to dark ages.
Hella anonymous source reports.
"I got reports" ='S HEARSAY and inadmissible please provide actual sites and sources or else this is considered like CNN to be FAKE NEWS
Good Friday Sen. Kampala Harris
We NEED a #RussiaSpyBan. Russian Spies are immigrating to the USA perhaps to take jobs at @SecretService and @CIA? @FBI won't hire them

In Yemen with our help Saudi Arabia killing civilians bombing hospitals schools even funerals with our weapons. Why because they are poorest
Smh at fearless leader or heartless leader, smh
There is no Muslim ban. It's time to let go of that narrative. Cause it won't keep you in office.
I know the answer to my question. So does she but keeps spewing nonsense.
What country on Earth has the most muslims? Are they on the list?
These are sad days for America.
It's not working, they should shut it all down.
Yes happened in Boston too. Though they did get admitted. No one deported from here that we know.
It's not a "Muslim" ban madame senator. It is a travel ban. Your words have power that I hope you would use responsibly.
but the thing is does Trump is going to sit and watch it? because He is going to find the way to take it back
There is no "Muslim Ban".
2020? I still keep hope alive
Breaks laws daily, lies thru his fake teeth, but gets away w/it!! What is going on?
We need ur loud, clear, unwavering intelligence & voice so badly right now. Pls know u have countless ppl standing with u & cheering u on!
why did YOU get the reports, Ms. Harris?  May I venture a guess...you are a liar!
Disgusting example of #Democracy. #Shamful
Why am I not surprised?
Not surpassing these days. Just constitutionally CRIMINAL.
The Supreme Court has ruled on part of the ban. More in Fall. Why old news?Consult with Sen .Feinstein if you don't know what's going on!

For how long? Six hours MAX, wasn't it. STOP,STOP,STOP your partisan blather
Yep that's really making America great again isn't it? Grrr. This goes against EVERYTHING I was ever taught about America #gophatesamerica
Very confusing tweet.  Thought the "first Muslim Ban" was really a "travel ban" not a "Muslim ban"?  Who is protecting USA from terrorists?
Americans are being rounded up in this disastrous policy. Every time we round up people that demagogues fear, we sweep up Americans.
That's against the law , isn't it?
Nope, and Hillary is a lying crook by the way. Hahahaahahah
No doubt. ICE & TSA are Trump's Gestapo. HEIL Trump
TSA? LOL
Sure ya did
This is becoming Germany an American citizen is an American citizen somebody need to tell that SOB*Jeff session to put a leash on his dogs
What a mess
What happened to decent basic stuff? Ever since trump things gotten worse, makes me sick
Fear can never replace respect and dignity.
Senator Harris, the Democrats could use this advice in this opinion 
http://cnn.it/2sNjgmG 
We need the party to show some other focus than
Anti Chump to win the hearts and minds of the country.
I hope it happens because although I like showing what an incompetent president he is
We need more direction and light on our parties agenda. I hope you will take the lead as you are a rock star in the making
Hope u read this
Hear say would never hold up in court so you should not TWEET it. It's not A Muslim ban it's a ban of people from certain countries.
I am certain that Christians from those banned countries will be detained...am I right? It bans Muslims. Stop parsing. Show some honesty.
Thank You Kamala! We need more representatives with your values & honesty!!
Unfortunately, this does not surprise me in the least.
We have no conception as to how people are being abused at this time because of Trump scorch & burn immigration "policy".

There is no Muslim ban.
Chump said it was when he campaigned or are you now calling him a liar?
No I'm calling @SenKamalaHarris a disingenuous propagandist.
Hummm,  they were US citizens but did not have a valid US passport?   Does not seem like this would happen.
How many of those very same incidents happened regardless of the first Muslim ban?
What Muslim ban? Isn't that a bit dishonest, Kamala?
Not dishonest when quoting the exact words Chump used for it. Or is Chump lying again?
Are you another one that's unable to distinguish words from actions?
His words and actions were to Ban Muslims. Your argument is as fake as your TR quote
Inspire the Country with real plans 4 the future like free education etc & don't mention the Liar by name & jam his Brand !
There's no such thing as "free education". If you want education, pay for it yourself. The taxpayers didn't bring you into this world.
Like Mohammed Ali's wife and son. #NoBanNoWall
Chaos and fear is the name of the game on Trumps new reality show.
SO what has changed ?
