Why don't you give up your exemption, then we wouldn't have had to wait this long. #promisespromises
The is no exemption. That was in the GOP bill that failed. Under the ACA fed employees & Congress have the same insurance as the exchange
Not true!
Let's see your proof, its easy to say not true and not be factually correct, let's see a cite that says that
True. "In reality, they got to follow some special rules."
Again, "A website created by two guys" who have zero healthcare, health policy, or legislative background who pulled stuff off the web
Sounds like a great description of the ACA!
It's your cite.
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris for keeping up the fight! You are a rising star in our party and a natural leader. #Resist
Senator Harris you represent the leadership we presently lack. Present a health care system that works for everyone.
We have to win back Congress to even Think about single payer. We have to be logical.  No republican is going to vote for single payer.
That would be #SinglePayer #Medicare4All.
Looks like they are going to try again without Dems. They sure know how to waste tax payers money.
That's what President Obama tried to do and failed. You can't make deals with the devil, you never win. You must fight and overcome.
Together? Dems passed the ACA without a single Republican vote. What do you mean by "together"?
I have an idea
Scrap the "together" idea altogether, because it's obvious you haven't learned anything yet.
Reps and Libs? Sign McCain and Rubio up. They're two I support tremendously as an independent.
Neo-liberalism, dressed up in bumper stickers and slogans, is no answer. We're done with Clintonian Dems like you. Go away.
#SinglePayerNow #Medicare4All
Then please enroll on same health care you pick for everyone else, too.
I'll believe it when I see it. I have no faith GOP will ever cross aisle to fix healthcare.
I think they may be just starting to realize they have no choice. That or political suicide
We you lousy democrats you saddle us with that crap and now you won't lift a finger to  try and correct the horrible FU
it's a relief in the way finding footing on a ledge to avoid a pit of snakes is a relief. it's time to endorse single-payer!
If you exhibited less nasty stuff, like your attitude, you might get more cooperation. Try it .
Yes.
And we need to raise awareness about awareness #PatientDumping #MedicalMalpractice
Please make public any solution you have proposed......I'll wait. Maybe your voters will just ask the same.
Why don't you start fixing the healthcare buy opting out of the illegal subsidy you and your staff receive. Thats a good start! ILLEGAL!!!!!
Who are you? What did you do to fight for our healthcare? Are you going to fight for #MedicareForAll ?
Single Payer.  No time to be wobbley.
What do we want? Single Payer! When do we want it?
Or put in back into the free market where it was cheap and affordable.
And what would that be, gotta love big gov, the more power it has the better
No statute that excludes congress.
r u gonna let @realDonaldTrump de fund #ACA like he said unless he gets his way? This is still #america right? #democracy
Hope the Repub follows through...
I sincerely hope to see your name on the ticket in 2020!
What can we do abt trump trying to starve the ACA to make it fail??
@SenKamalaHarris And denounce Trump's and GOP's current efforts to undermine ACA and make it fail in self-fulfilling engineered prophecy.
You are doing a great job.  I'd like to get rid of one of our Senators--Toomey.
Yes! Together! Love your moxie!!!!!
U & Ur biased Blues won't reach across an aisle 
Can't wade thru anti-Trump bile
Need 2 shed 4 letter C word
2 9 letter 1 we want 2 B heard
You're proud of doing nothing!
You're a great Democrat. A great politician.
I count the days until you are POTUS. It is coming.
Why does your crappy ACA need to be fixed?  YOU ALL own it just the way it is
I am so thankful to everyone who took the time to speak out and speak up! We came together as Americans. We made a difference!
The fight is not over
Senate and health care: No the fat lady definitely has not sung yet. https://www.forbes.com/sites/stancollender/2017/07/29/the-health-care-debate-is-not-dead-in-the-senate/#5bdc032058b1 …
It's time to look @ implementing UNIVERSAL COVERAGE! There's only 2 reasons we're so far behind in healthcare: GREED & CORRUPTION!!!!
Hopefully Medicare for all.
Universal please
Like your process thinking and analytical skills. #kamalaforPOTUS2020
#Trump lack of knowledge of the #Constitution & understanding of the #ExecutiveBranch is ridiculous. Poor Followers/Wealthy #Rebulicans – at Starbucks
Single payer!
What a joke.
...thinking, what a magnificent "swan song". How to stick it up the arse LIT and break it off. Who's the loser now eh Tbone ? Thumbs up 
Let's show them how women make it all happen.  #TheFutureisFemale
Certainly without the leadership of our #ApprenticePrez
I hope senate stops the dumb budget with funding for the wall
#SinglePayerNow now is the time.
You all have every reason to be proud. Now to work on healthcare for all. #MedicareForAll
Stop playing games, Kamala. #SINGLEPAYER now! No excuses
First thing is change the name to Trump care.
This family voted for you Sen. Harris and so far, we are proud of you and what you are doing for us here in California. Thank you!
Thank you!
How about working to #ImpeachTrump?
how about fixing our profiteering middlemen system? My doctors & our HC system do a great job delivering medical care.
@gglightbulb Things looked so bleak last night until I turned off all news-based programming much earlier in the evening.
nothing is ever going to work as long as price gouging by medical industry is completely unregulated/un-capped. gotta get to the root.
Is it even possible Senator,2 work with the 48heartless Rs that voted yes?Our country needs single payer,affordable 2 all.
Much admiration to you, Senator Harris!
That is such well earned relief, Sen. Harris. Thank you for your leadership on this issue.
Stay STRONG!
Who knows, maybe #Republicans and/or #Trump will try ACT improvement over repeal. #WeThePeople can hope :) :)
The next step should be getting rid of this disaster of an administration and fixing our voting system. Paper ballots, hand counted!
single payer please, no more insurance co, let the people vote who heads the new health program... no corps, no stock holders
Trump will always appoint dumb people. He doesn't want anyone smart; so he puts no nothings in positions they know nothing about! #DumbassMF
Thank you Sen. Harris
Obamacare stole my health care. It destroyed a working system.  How DARE you pretend u care about actual health care.
Great job. Thank you
First things first - prevent trump and the GOP from sabotaging the ACA
Thank you thank you thank you
Thank you from a citizen in Oregon. All three states are well  represented and unafraid to take it to Trump.
Please try to move us toward single payer and take the profit motive out. HC can't be all about the $$.
Oh so it's broken? You are so pathetic
Thank u!
You sure picked a fine time to go into the senate. Lol. Seriously, thank you and we have your back.
I hope there can be bipartisan effort on this.
It would be nice to include people that work in the industry in conversation.
KamalaHarrisPOTUS2020

The system your party screwed up?
With BOTH men & WOMEN!!!!
The next step needs to be the Dems pushing harder on Russia investigation and impeachment. What are you all afraid of? @SenFeinstein
Helluva way to open a conversation but a topic I don't see on your page. Who is the "you all" you refer too?
Great! Because the best possible fix for ALL Americans is #SinglePayer #Medicare4All. Please please please commit FIRMLY to it.
Sleeves are rolled up!
Isn't this what GOP wanted in the first place.
Time for a #SinglePayer #Medicare4All system. We have the means, we have the motive. Time to educate & teach the benefits of such a system.
Now tell us why citizens shouldn't have the same coverage as Congress since we pay for it? Simple application of economy of scales.
I wish Republicans would work with you to fix healthcare, but am not hopeful they will put country before party. Or decency before party.
Great job!
Thank you.
I hope you & other Dems will set example &  invite a bipartisan collaboration, even though the Rs aren't interested. Go high, fight fairly.
you had your chance leave it alone now, nothing is wrong with it
Single payer?
Please look in to finding ways to stop/limit arbitrary inflated price gouging for hospitals, medical supplies, & medicine.
Dems have 1 year to show voters they can get done things that are beneficial to Americans as well as show they care enough to fight for them
#WorkingItOut
So tell us. What is broken? Come on, u say it needs fixing. What parts of the ACA are broke?
Thank you
Thank you for your vote. I live in Oregon, but you are one heck of a representative for California.
Next step - Single Payer / Medicare for All!
Keep up the good work
@salemstate
HEROS are FOREVER! Presidents come and go & most of them are forgotten! CONGRATULATION Senator John McCain! https://twitter.com/sarrata/status/888045693318942720 …
Medicaid for all!
Sen Joe Manchin said on MTP Daily that the Ins Industry will need assurance of cost sharing revenue for 24 months in next 2 weeks
Awesome job!!
Thank you for your hard work for us.
Yeah, really??
Thanks to all the Senate Dems for sticking together.
Thank you Kamala Harris and @SenFeinstein for standing up for what is right for humanity,Thank you for all your time and efforts!!
Yeah right...
That is awesome for you to say that! It is time for both parties to fix what's not working. I think it could be really great if you do!
Congratulations. The junior senator from California worked very hard. @SenKamalaHarris @KamalaHarris
We need the Senate to ensure payments to #ACA or the effect will be #repeal. Pls lead push to stabilize, not let R's sabotage!
It is something for us who are sane to be Happy about Now if we we could get The 's  together to make Obamacare work for the PEOPLE 
You fix it with one of your enumerated powers. Can you guess which one? Hint it has something to do with commerce.
Need to quickly assemble a safety net public option. For 2018. Ensure cost sharing subsidies locked in. Provide conditions 4 mkt stability.
Thank you for all that you do!!
Healthcare is not the only issue...
Please #kamala2020
Don't let the school yard bully implode the health care by stopping subsidies.
Medicare reduced to age 55..that will help the high risk pools and lower insurance for others in the exchange
My Senator,

When do we start?
My qualm: high premiums.
Feeling relieved and proud today. Next step – working to fix our health care system, together.
Can you please share who the hell is running DHS now that Kelly is CoS?  I mean it's not like we "need" anyone there right?
Hopeing that you consider running for president 2020
Great Job! I'm proud of you!
I just called your office to say exactly this! (I know, like it's my idea.) I want to be on the bipartisan solution bus.
I wish you were my senator.  Thanks for what you do...
Please pass a hug on to all that voted no. We proudly stand beside you in the #Resistance.
Is there any chance of GOP buying into improvements to ACA?
#Medicareforall #BasicIncome #GetTheIns.CoOut
Thank you for all your hard work!!! Thank you for saving #Healthcare for millions of Americans! #RESIST
Where's my $2400 Obamacare savings?
Thank you!!!! Thank you!!!! Thank you!!!!
Next step is proactive Congress willing to impeach POTUS.
Amen time to work across the aisle
President Obama tried that and failed 90% of the time. You can't make deals with the devil and win, you must fight to overcome.
Yes! What should have happened in the first place, if it weren't for the childish antics of 45.
Keep up the fight.
And focusing on your campaign for 2020
Dont ler your guard down...Trump is nuts
Are you running for POTUS or nah? I can't keep throwing away my vote. Definitely not ever voting for Donnie!
Good work
Next step. Save USA from trump. His aim dictator.
YOU have the power! Love the pic of you and Schumer after the vote!
Yes. We did it. GOOD BLOW for the mentally disturbed narcissistic bipolar and borderline line personality disorder, homosexual etc
#MedicareForAll
Take the profit out. Does a health insurance CEO need to make $18 million per year?? That is the problem. And drug prices.
It's not all that broken. Just needs single payer and more media disclosures about the exhorbitant salaries insur co CEO's are raking in.
Indeed! The greed over all of us!
Thank you for your work. Changing the dialogue from "repeal and replace" to "repair" helps. Might get bipartisan support with those words.
Stay vigil !
Thank you for your persistence, brilliance and compassion! So proud to have you as my Senator! As they say at USC "FIGHT ON!"
From the bottom of my heart, THANK YOU! Your *relentless* perseverance in the face of tremendous opposition makes me so proud to be from CA!
You are awesome!
Can you please make ALL disabled children under 18 eligible for Medicaid with no eligibility requirements?
Middle income disability parents struggle to pay for adaptive equipment for their kids. You will either start off and/or end up in poverty.
And we should have a used equipment resource for disabled kids on Medicaid to use and pass on adaptive equipment.
A chair for a regular kid around $25 but a chair for a disabled kid used starts at $400. It's hard on us to not get support for our kids.
You are awesome - keep leading the fight. I trust the #DNC can evole beyond #resisttrump to lead the country into the future.
Sen. Harris now is the time to push for a single-payer insurance legislation. Lead the charge for Universal Health Care!
have you considered #SinglePayer #Medicare4All?
Does that included single payer?
Thank you Senator Kamala Harris for keeping our attention on this most important day-to-day concern. Millions care. @Michael36776349
You had 7 years
Thank you for all your work
We have to work on a bipartisan way. Our biggest problem are the ultra conservatives and they keep preventing talks to fix OC. Not right
You've got my vote Kamala
and Thank You one more time to @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins & @SenJohnMcCain Standing up for Americans #Brave #Patriots Thank You
Thanks for fighting so hard!
Don't hold your breath Kamala
Shouldn't next step be fighting trillions in tax cuts? It's going to decimate the budget, which will be blamed on next dem prez.
Start with a Senate version of HR676 National Improved Medicare For All Act. Popular. Cheaper. Universal coverage.
Yes, they're in a corner. @KamalaHarris , can't we dems start driving issues that connect with everyone and force the @GOP to respond?
Thank you for all your hard work! We really do appreciate you, glad to have you on our side!
YES! Ms.Harris 6:13pm CT just now for your tweet (notification) ,
2/2 At the time was looking at the photo of Sen. Chuck Schumer, Sen.Amy Klobuchar, and yourself, 2:18am being the hour on her Cell Phone
But will the Repubs work w/ the Dems to fix what needs to be fixed? Or will they follow Prez T & let things implode? Hoping for the best.
Thanks for saving us @SenKamalaHarris my aunt is very sick and with Ocare gone i dont see how we will be able to afford her care

We need a in  print point by point plan to save aca and shown to America by u guys
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris for all your hard work! Feeling very grateful!!
Thank you for all your hard work, Senator! I hope you consider Harris 2020!
I hope they will work together
Can we simultaneously work at getting Trump out of...this hemisphere, at least the WH? 
Plzzzz
I miss @BarackObama.  And I see a lot of his best qualities in you. You have my interest, my faith, but most of all, my complete attention.
Well said!!
together? I don't think it's possible under trump
