I will be announcing my decision on Paris Accord, Thursday at 3:00 P.M.  The White House Rose Garden.  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
What an assult to all people,announcing the most harmful decision to everyone's world! IN A ROSEGARDEN !!!
Amarican people like pancake's,but people I'm really sorry,but 50% of the Americans have pancakes in there head instead of some brains.
he is treating this as an opportunity to grandstand...USA you are on reality tv
Just one more thing for the next Democrat in the WH to undo in 2020.
@senKamalaHarris I'm furious and sickened by the event today. No words to describe my anger and disgust.
If it's the wrong decision, @realDonaldTrump will make it.
Also STOP FUCKING TREATING POLICY ANNOUNCEMENTS LIKE REALITY TV AD BREAK CLIFFHANGERS
Good point but I highly doubt Senator Harris, or just about any politician, even reads our tweets to acknowledge them.
Agreed - sometimes it's just nice to scream into the void
It's certainly fun and allows for a venue to debate and agree with active Americans. I'm a pretty staunch Republican but I like Harris.
It's good to see her calling out bullshit instead of creating it - I wish I could say the same about more people on both sides of the aisle.
I wish Trump had individuals in his white house willing to tell him when he's doing something stupid as well.
Agreed!
You don't make America Great You made us look ridiculous when you showed the world you never read the Paris Climate Deal
Why do I cringe every time he speaks?
Nope, was a great day! #DrainTheSwamp  
I'm so angry. I don't swear much but all I can think right now I fuck him. Just fuck them all.
If only it was a Democrat pulling out...then it would be championed!!  Dammit, Trump.
Taking the greatness out of America
Oil companies all about the money screw the planet. The planet will heat faster than we think. Destruction or money.
I half think he's not going to pull out, he's just jacking the libs around...
He's a fool who needs to have the reins taken away.
Who cares this does nothing changes nothing this man will be in jail before this change ever has a chance of taking
Nope  Not a US Agreement.  Never ratified by Congress.  A Zerobama Legacy attempt.  FAIL
Wiring floating solar panels on lake created by collapse of abandoned coal mines in Liulong, China while U.S. Retreats??
Hope you read "details" of the #ParisAccord
was all about America giving money to countries and almost nothing being done by them
#MAGA
i agree. Trump is making a huge mistake by pulling out off the Paris climate accord.
70 year olds with mentally challenged brains shouldn't decide our fate
In 120 days Trump has TURNED America INTO A THIRD WORLD COUNTRY, 120 days a NARCISSISTIC MAN BABY DESTROYS OUR COUNTRY.
We need this fool gone with a quickness. #ImpeachTrump
Misinformed beauty queen
So Sad! What a pathetic individual....
I agree, but Right now, many still have the USA #1 mentality.  America Might need to leave #parisaccord to wake up and join the planet.
Ha ha dems still can't get over losing. Trump does USA big favour by pulling out. Really think china will do anything non binding.
I hope Trump is only building drama around this so when he makes the "no brainer" choice (stay) he gets credit for a big "win". Pathetic.
He shouldn't be allowed to go into the rose garden.
PCA does nothing. It's a huge waste of taxpayer money.
Already have the Zakaria-clones ready to pull the trigger on "Trump is Presidential. Shows he learned a lot on his trip."
Grandstanding like he's still on Reality TV... What a joke....
I'm often on board with Trump's policy decisions but I can't agree with breaking with the Paris Climate Agreement.
Dems pushed this ultimatum throughout the 2016 presidential campaign. It was democratically answered on Nov 8th. #STILLDONTGETIT
And #TheResistance will not be tuning in to the reality shitshow you have turned our democracy into
Is Trump going to join LeBron in Miami?!?  It was a cheap way to get unwarranted attention for a sports figure, but beyond banal for a Pres.
This idiot is treating the future of the planet like a contestant on his stupid reality show. “Earth, you’re FIRED!”
Wrong again
This was Obama overreach in the last days of his admin. Why not let congress review, and make a better deal?
Agree...
You will be disappointing this generation and generations to come if you do not stay!! You don't know squat about climate change
Well we all know what he will do because he always does the wrong thing
Worse than wrong. Criminal, as in crimes against humanity
He so thrives on creating drama, sad little man.
Climate change is real but after decades of research and billions wasted, there is no CAUSAL evidence. Paris agreement is globalist charade
he's a drama queen..typical narcissistic personality type.
America is great! Let's hope it stays that way!
No. The outcome is to be a negligible decrease in the overall temperature of the planet over a century compared with doing nothing #waste
I hope he gets stung by a bee or a bird poops on his head
What's with all the fanfare Donald Trump for Pete sakes. God you're pathetic.
 shouldn't B subject 2 ANTI-laws while other countries don't have 2. Is it wrong to maintain sovereigntyNo need 2 damage economy
King Obama bypassed Congress on the Paris Climate Agreement.It has no mandatory requirements.It will cost US jobs but that's good too right?
Trump doesn't give a fat frog's ass about the environment, except rolling back policies to allow his oil tycoon pals to pollute our waters
Can't be good if he is making such a public announcement.
That's what worries me, too
Sigh 
YES!  Sen. Kamala Harris of Oakland,California Post Office soon, TOGETHER; Good Thursday, TRUTH
@realDonaldTrump If he says "ooh, guess what? We're staying in! " he will expect applause like a potty training toddler.
& the big (e.g., fat man) steps up 2 mike & announces ?? W/draw=news cycle on this not Russ. Stay: he's a "hero" Either way, it's showtime.
He doesnt care about us only Russia and his pockets. Il b walking my dogs when he's on.
If he does end up staying in the agreement please don't bash him for doing so. There's enough hypocrites in DC that can do so
After his trip to SA, he thinks he's a KING, he doesn't care abt anything right now, he's in full retaliation mode. He needs to be IMPEACHED
This move only further destroys our reputation as global stewards, & damages our Goodwill within the international community. #SaveEarth
Climate change is real.

Agreed. And if he feels like the Accord is inadequate, then we should abide by this agreement until we have a better solution in place.
Make sure California and other sane states will have their own sane climate policies. We trust you.
We have since at least the '70's. LA is a lot cleaner because of it. That won't end.
