
What jobs? What less taxes? What destruction of ISIS (remember his 3 mo plan)? What protection of immigration? He's SHRED the Constitution!
Don't worry when you wake up on the other

 side all is better sleep for 8 more years
To be a lot Nicer and not Troll!!  The angel of Thyatyria promised me "UCLA not Harbor-UCLA"  His name is Jesse Engle
Ready to rally!
Why so many Bots in this thread...
Thank you
Thank you, Senator, for looking out for us and our patients here at Harbor-UCLA! #resist
Thank you!!  I'm a cancer survivor (pre-existing condition) and if it returns I'll hit lifetime cap (already had 4 surgeries & 5 mo. Chemo)
@iresistt and I will be there. Thank you again for standing up for us.
YEAH !!!
My husband did his residency @ Harbor-UCLA and now works in South LA. This bill will hurt his patients and the most vulnerable among us.
The clinic he works now for was founded by Muslims in response to the need of the community in the wake of the LA riots. #ThisIsWhoYouBan
Bot

Please attend if as many can  make it
Thank you, Senator, for being such a forceful advocate!
Wish I could join u!!! WTG!! This is the way to do it 
#StopHtrafficingDefundPP  Ok have your rally I will evangelize at UCLA Regan Love LA Wearing a Call Berkley Shirt OCT 28-Nov 4

Stop #BCRA and #ImproveACA . Healthcare not #Wealthcare . Added bonus would be bipartisan legislation. 
You the best.. keep it up..
.Thank you @SenKamalaHarris Continue resisting.
Please make sure you are rallying against the corporate gains tax cut. You need to expose this
Just be glad I voted Republican!!!  #Savetheincestvictims
Why don't you rally against a failing OBAMACARE? Do you even have the courage to tweet that it is not working and needs improvement?
#StopHTraffingDefundPP
See date ; Rebuttal ?
Why don't you present THIS at the Rally? 
Get their @Concensus!
I feel that this deserves a mic drop.....
Why THANK-YOU! The best #TY you can give Me is to #SpreadItAROUND! Share it with ALL you Love! Also #TheNEWS! #Politicians!
I would add a farming/healthy food element 2 it as well - u r what u eat after all 
Let food be thy medicine and medicine be thy food
#Freemarkethealthcare 
#Repealdontreplace
Thank you!!
Make the bill better.
@7fdnMdc After that can you help us save the Brentwood Newsstand ???? your community would appreciate  it !!!
Thank you and God bless you.
When are you planning the #MedicareForAll rally?
Definitely won't be there. #RepealDontReplace

utilize facts and not hyperbole, you would see the merrit of the GOP bill, responding to the disaster of the ACA...to which you wont admit
Maybe start talking about  $ it will cost regular folks. premiums, property tax to pay for failing hospitals, loss of jobs.
Stay safe! Please protect yourself. I am so worried about our safety
Wish I was in LA
I will be with you in spirit! You are the voice we need at 1600 PA Avenue!
Good luck! Hope you'll be successful. There are many people having your back.
Go Senator!!!  You rock!!!
Fourth of July marks our nation's independence from King George III, a mentally deranged leader. We've come so far!!  #USA #sarcasm
Jobs? Ideas how to fix the ACA not just rally against the Republicans. It isn't working.
Bot
Yes I am a bot.

Bot
Wooohoo... go Dems !!! Wish I could go there but gotta work.. Heyya guys, there is an Impeachment March in San Fran tomorrow
Keep up the fight.   Please !!!
Me too! Oh my god!!!!

You are out of your mind!! What planet d
Taking care of old willies willie got you where you are.. wasn't he married??  You are about you and your own agenda
of course you will, why don't you Dems join the conversation and get a real health care bill passed. you know unlike the ACA which failed.
Arrest those nurses who performed malpractice! Voice for those who can't due to inability to speak English and read/write
Let's just junk insurance all together and put the "care" in healthcare:
You go girl.  You are the only senator with balls
Bot
Wasting your time. You're being played. They're just going to repeal it. He's playing chess while you play checkers rook.
Senator Harris bring down the house. Tell them like it is
Please run in 2020- your star is rising and you have my vote!  Keep it going!
Thank you for being my voice and legs! #BlockedByTrump
Oh wow!! Are you for real??? Blocked ! How does he do that legally
and then stop at In-n-Out for lunch
Back with garbage bags, Sen.Kamala Harris; Watching @MLBnetwork @MLB Saturday Baseball Games @RedSox Boston vs @BlueJays Toronto
How about rallying to get trump to stop defaming the office of the President
Bot
she's going into the ghetto part of Torrance. Props for that.
Thank you for speaking out on our behalf and not only on behalf of my dearest CA.
It's a tax cut for the ultra wealthy, not "health care."
you are the real deal. I know you've gotten a lot of positive attention lately—it's well deserved! #HealthcareBill
Is there any plan for the Dems to register more ppl to vote this year? I like rallies, but we need those who are activated to vote m.
I'll be w you in spirit. Stuck on opposite coast. 
Hope you do more ...
I'd follow you anywhere.... but I'm in Pennsylvania.  Maybe next time. 
We love @SenKamalaHarris, our warrior for the people. It is time for all good people to #RiseUp to defeat GOP #Wealthcare.
Thank you for all you are doing 

Why don't you do something useful go make dinner for your man and show him a good time Know Your Role
Remember to bring along the 'real truth'
Of course. We don't expect you to do anything else because this is ALL you do. Rally away!
Thank you.
Thank you for your strength courage and voice.
THANK YOU KAMALA!  I WONDER IF YOU'D CONSIDER RUNNING FOR POTUS? :)
You go Senator!
Stay safe!
