We teachers of NYC need DACA in place to protect and educate our kids #publicschoolproud #defendDACA
You're joking right?
Not at all. We're talking about kids who were brought here when they were <16 who want to finish school and live the dream.
They slow down the rest of the classes.
I've taught students myself who come to the U.S. not knowing English and go on to do amazing things academically.
Really, I've volunteer in many classes in WA. Where illegals need much more attention and special classes taking away from other students.
How does helping people who need help 'take away' from those who don't need it?
Providing a service does nothing to take away from kids who don't need it, that argument was used to oppose special education
oh yes... 5 years ago you harvested 800,000 poor souls for your cheap #IdentityPolitics 
If you #defendDACA you are defending lawlessness
Did you even bother to look at the posters picture before you callT them a white nationalist? Lol
 so, White nationalist didnt work, move on to Nazi. It's adorable that you think this tired ol' name holds merit. Ever hear of crying wolf?
A dreamer like me is working with them. DACA changed my life and because of that I'm helping to change theirs #defendDACA
Because it sounds like you're filled with hate. So while you keep using vulgar language cas you have nothing else to say I'm gonna go
an immigrant telling another immigrant to go back to their country  lady wannabe white go back to your country as well while you're at it
.@SenKamalaHarris, it is because of #DACA that I am currently at my New Student Orientation at UCLA—confidently pursuing my American dream.
It cost  $800. And you can only apply if you have been a resident for at least 5 years, so you would have to apply for residency first. +
In order to get your residency you need a reccomendation from someone who is already a US citizen or a permanent resident, then you have +
to pay for a immigration lawyer which would cost around $500. After you do apply for the resident or the green card it'll take around +
6-8 months until they decline or accept your application for your residency. And your residency doesn't protect you from getting deported. +
So in those 5 years of waiting to apply for your citizenship, you can still get deported.
Applying for legal naturalization isn't easy or cheap, so no one should be asking that question as if it was as simple process.

And the Republicans don't? That's hilarious. Not. Two wings of the same treasonous bird as I say. Don't support either and they'll die off.
THAT RACIST HATE FILLED DEMOCRAT PARTY SHOULD HAVE DIED OFF LONG AGO.  IT NEED TO GO THEN WE CAN TEAR DOWN THEIR SYMBOLS OF HATE.
Than you are sadly mistaken.
If this is their home then why don't they learn to speak English?
No national language. Live their life and still respect environment. Fear of deportation=more than likely good behavior
How about DREAMERS who are LEGAL ? https://twitter.com/david_j_bier/status/898182301502377984 … Who is going to #Defend them #Fairness4Legals  
@siia_us @thehill @nbc @CNN
Why do DACA illegal aliens receive a chance and a reward for their lawlessness when skilled, legal immigrants are turned away? #endDACA
It also began changing the results of several elections and the tax burden on LEGAL citizens. Don't #DefendDACA #BuildTheWall
People are against your lawlessness, resign immediately!
#NoDACA #BuildTheWall #DrainTheSwamp #TermLimits
So if it was another actual citizen, it's fine?
Exactly. So many of the people act like only the immigrants rape others, and white's are so clean. Media corruption at it's finest.
Stop trying to normalize the violation of federal law to boost your voter base @SenKamalaHarris illegal immigrants are not victims.
Their children are. Use common sense rather than hate.
DACA Guidelines - #1 "Were under the age of 31 as of June 15, 2012;" - some of these are GROWN ADULTS. Get a clue.
TO: .@SenKamalaHarris #DACAsRMostlyMexicanCitizens&DemVoters #DemsDefraudDeceive&DestroyUsWithBOsIllegalDaca #DemsBiggestLie=DACA
How many dreamers has @realDonaldTrump already shipped to a country where they may not even speak the language? #defendDACA #DumpTrump
Not nearly enough...
They're an integral part of our society. They belong here. Thanks @SenKamalaHarris ! #defendDACA #not1more
No they don't belong here. You don't give a crap about them other than for their vote. You could care less about them as people.  Just votes
Sorry, not true. THEY crossed our borders illegally and you want to reward them. If you care so much for them, take some into your home.
Why don't you introduce legislation to help LEGAL AMERICANS DREAM? College is out of reach bc of cost for many Americans yet we pay for DACA
How about DREAMERS who are legal ? https://twitter.com/david_j_bier/status/898182301502377984 … Who is going to #Defend them #Fairness4Legals  
@siia_us @thehill @nbc @CNN
DACA also changed the lives of millions of Americans, for the worse.
 #America is a nation of #Immigrants
America is a nation of LEGAL immigrants. Big difference!
Our nation was founded by people who did not belong here. The Native Americans welcomed them, only for Caucasians to kill them off.
So technically this country was founded by the "illegal aliens".
Thank you for all you do Senator. Any hope for Maria Mendoza-Sanchez, an oncology nurse about to be deported from SFO in a few hours?
God I hope not
Wrong again Kamala. Their home is not here.Check out their papers.
So many ignorant people on here. Most dreamers are high school/college kids who DID NOT have a choice to come illegally. This is their home
Right, but they knew they were not here legally. That's why they signed up for DACA. Why not go for your CITIZENSHIP?  It's the freebies.
5 years ago I was working my butt off employing 5 people.  Tweets are easy Ms. Harris. Have you ever calloused your hands? Tell me.
The answer to this question in NO.  But if I go into details it would get ugly

I'm sure @SenKamalaHarris & the rest of her Democratic colleagues are proud of this & the Mexican flags carried in their protests!

Ms. Harris. We are squeaky clean. How about you?
So happy you're my Senator!
Kamala for President!

I have nothing to HIDE. I was audited every year under President Obama. You?
Wrong! Their homes are their failed countries. The American people are victims of incompetent & corrupt countries who let those people down.
Got my free sticker yesterday! Thanks to your team and thank you for always standing up for what is right & standing up to @realDonaldTrump
Illegal is illegal.  Enforce the law. Protect our boarders and deport illegals.  #MAGA
Wouldn't it be cool if one day black inner city youth could dream, instead of being murdered?
Get those VOTES 
ANY WAY YOU CAN

#MAGA 
THE  RIGHT WAY 
THE AMERICAN WAY 
THE LEGAL WAY 

YOU'LL LOSE 
THAT WAY

AMERICAN'S VS VOTER FRAUD
Apparently, not as long as the Nazi is running the WH!
5 yrs ago today my taxes went up 5 times, I have NO insurance but pay for theirs. Congratulations for ruining me@POTUS END DACA & DEPORT
800k democratic voters you mean. USA is NOT their home unless they are American citizens.
I can't stand you and I hope California fires you!
Ur a greedy liberal fool that only wants 2 use them 4 their vote! We saw how u ignored the Muslim women begging 2 keep ShariaLaw out. #DTS!
Yea, and then there is existing immagration law passed by the congress.
Typo
BS!
I tell my mexican friends "go to mexico and change their immigration laws. When you do, come back and I'll help you change ours".
You don't give a rats ass about DREAMers, you're pandering for votes.
#Trump2020
Y r they called dreamers
Daca should be eradicated
Illegal is illegal
#ImpeachTrump
Ms. Harris change My American life!
I was taxed out of my business Ms. Harris. Now 6 people are unemployed. I put that squarely on you and your "party".  Party. Not out here!!
You Ms. Harris think your better than us. Why? Never mind. I know why.
I am a woman that worked my butt off. I was told by President O it wasn't mine. Neither of you paid my taxes. Paid my people. Handled 0.
Get your ass out of the political ass you covet. Ms. Harris.
Kamala will pay for their bennies with OUR Tax $. So generous!
You hear me Ms. Harris?
5 years ago I had a business that President Obama told me over and over was "his". I employeed 5 very hardworking people. Paid them $23/hr.
Yeah, 800,000 parasites on the tax payers back! #DeportThemAll
You make me sick and your career is over, no left or right winged lobbied politician will be left in house after 8 yrs of Trump, DNC is thru
Meet Kate Steinle @SenKamalaHarris This is on YOU! Shove your sanctuary city & illegal aliens! @POTUS END DACA & DEPORT!
Not for long!
Thank you Kamala for everything you stand for and being a representative for all people!  So desperately needed right now!
And, regrettably, it's yours also. That alone is reason enough to support CA succession. #wouldbesenator
You're another  turd pimping for votes .. younger version of #MaxineWaters .... twin pimps
No it's not. Where they came from illegally is their home.

For DNC 2020 phase let's think about. "STAND UP" . Not against Donald Trump but Stand Up for what you feel is the right thing. Equal rights.
Not until they get in the back of the line & become legal citizens.
Enforce immigration law.

If my parents robbed a bank, could I keep the stolen money?

You are taking money and opportunity from Americans.

no its not. They are here illegally, just like their parents. All should be arrested and deported. All.
Sorry. Everything else is pointless. There is a fascist in the White House.
In 1776, the American revolutionists changed our world and allowed freedom of religion, speech, protection, justice for all & U Bankrupt it.
No, it's not.

Btw, I can't even IMAGINE having overstayed my study abroad to Japan, trying to call it "my home," and demanding gov support.
The ONLY true reason you care!
Im still think im dreaming that youre my senator, no wait its a nightmare

in 2012 Obama broke laws to get illegal votes-illegal protesters-open borders w Soros- for desperate Democrats-No more Sanct Cities End DACA
No, their LEGAL citizenship is their home.
It's our country we were born here or immigrated legally here we are the tax payers we have worked and earned everything we have ! MAGA!
KH - You hate the Constitution and the people OF the United States.
But illegal is still illegal they need to go back to their home countries and come back legally.
are you sure it wasn't 799000?
No it's not!!!
#deportDaca
MORON idiot
800,000 on Food Stamps & free Medicaid.
Wrong.
No. They came illegally. They've already showed that they can't B good citizens. What about those that stood in line. UR agenda is dangerous
Thanks to @POTUS, illegals won't be voting in upcoming elections.  There goes your voter base. Try backing something legal next time.
Yea kamala lets be like Venezuela yipeeeee
Tell the TRUTH Pamela...you protect #criminals...you've spent ENTIRE #political career protecting foreign #pimps pornographers & pedophiles!
Don't #DefendDACA!!! #BuildTheWall and #SendThemBack!!!
No they are illegal.

We can't keep ripping away rights that were given just cuz tRump hates Ibama! #25thAmendmentNow
They're still illegal
I just found out that you're a big believer in raising the minimum wage but you pay your interns $0.00 and hour. Now that's a minimum wage.
No one is buying your bull$hit, Kamala. You are revolting!
did you tell Obama that too? Noooo
I'm for making American kids DREAMers. 3.7M unlawful immigrant households cost US $54.5B per year.
The home they stole. That's no home, that's reward for their thievery.
#defendDACA; Let each state decide to pay (or not) 4 DACAs.  Why does all of US have to pay 4 CA illegals?  Tax Californians not Americans
DACA is not legal or approved by Congress, kiss it goodbye
No, it's not!

No, the USA is NOT their home!!   They have a home country to which they need to return to!!
Deport ALL illegals.
Just to be clear - there is NO WAY you could be President - believe that is your goal - and you will NOT achieve it with your voting record
Our nation is $20T in DEBT, thx to Obama! We can't be taking in everyone who wants 2 come here illegally! Americans FIRST, b4 everyone else!
You only need dreamers for your voter fraud>Dems are all sleaze!
We have legal dreamers>Deport them now!
Come here legally
So if someone decides that they want to make Canada their home, or your house their home, will you defend that as hard?  Selective Politics
The same dreamers that will take low paying jobs and cut out the Americans...gotcha!
DACA does not benefit America. It displaces Americans from attending college because the Socialist college system favors illegals. End DACA.
The child illegal alien problem will only be solved with border security.  #BuildTheWall
DACA DREAMers #defendDACA
I live in Cali she was horrible here #MAGA
They need to go home and fix their own country, perhaps you could go with them & help?
LOOK WHO IS PUSHING DACA DREAMers #defendDACA
Be careful "mingling" with Clintons....ppl commit suicide by shooting them selves in the back then hide the weapon How does that work?
DACA DREAMers #defendDACA ALL = MORE UNSUSTAINABLE LIBTARD CRAZY TALK!
Just curious, can each state pay for that amount? Not federal govt?  Let CA tax it's own citizens to death, not all of USA
As a lawyer/lawmaker, what part of ILLEGAL do you NOT understand??  Who'd you buy off to give you a pass on the CA Bar?? #StupidWoman
And not one is an Abercrombie nazi
No they are illegal aliens, DACA is an unconstitutional action, they have to go back. You are pandering for votes.
Do u not realize Americas middle class is hurting. We have homeless and hungry children and you advocate for foreigners
And destroying America
"Yea, we need their votes now that America is on to our illegals, dead and fake early voting schemes"......
you mean you got 800,000 dem votes! You dont give a crap about those people, they are only votes to you! wonder how many on welfare or jail
What about the homeless vets who FOUGHT for this country????? Do they count? Or just illegals?
Changed the life of 800,000 U.S. citizens youth too.  Over crowded schools, ......
Give ONE personal example, top of your head, that U can share w/us.
1 out of 800,000 lives UR acquainted with.
I'll wait.
#DefendDACA #MAGA
Don't hold your breath on that one  Todd... lol
I'm starting to get light-headed.
Trying....to...hold...on...for...a...response..............................................
As you ripoff the tax paying citizens of this country to further your liberal  agenda. Do you care about the ppl who actually pay for this?
Not my fault their parents broke the law of a country they are not citizens of.
Drugs break up families everyday. Crime is Crime.
Oh Wait just one minute there. At the cost of what to who? I know the answer to both. Do you?
DACA is illegal. Trump should make clear there's a deferral of deportation for everyone signed up in DACA. They're last for deportation.
Let Sen. Kamala Harris's state take ALL of the #IllegalImmigration . Every last one of them.
So you ever actual do anything other than posture senator? Asking for a friend....
So why doesn't it come with an inclusion of citizenship?
they are not citizens they are criminals and need to be treated as such. #ruleOfLaw
such a great thing to have you as a senator!
Unfortunately won't be long b4 @realDonaldTrump screws that up as well. #HurryUpMueller
Illegal Executive Action! #EndDACA deport them all! American Children first last & foremost!
What part of illegal don't you understand. 
You shouldn't be a senator with your lawlessness.
Nope.
800,000 criminals.
So we don't have to follow the laws you write and pass. Good to know.
Parasites
Wrong
Not what I have seen in news...
Unconstitutional....period.  You KNOW this.
except it isn't and most of them never even tried getting legalized.
No it's not.  They broke the law when they came in ILLEGALLY.  I don't care what spin you put on it, facts are facts.  Wake UP
Stop the lie.  You just pandering votes.  #Ca
Obama planBring in illegal alienscall them dreamersliterally tell them to voteHillary winsBACKFIREDT winsdeports Antifa (dreamers)
The children of citizens are sacrificing their opportunities for illegals,  now that is nuts.
The court may strike down DACA. Trump may have no say over it.
No. They are illegals, disrespecting American laws they are law-breakers! #defendDACA is an insult to LEGAL immigrants like me!
You are right in many ways.But I can not help be to feel compassion for young kids that would be lost if deported.America is all they know.
Your compassion is misplaced and logically false! Immigrants in the US came to know America&love America. Kids must learn to obey the law!
I suppose that I attempted to put myself in their shoes.From that perspective things look pretty bleak.Of course you have a good point too.
To put yourself in their shoes then they should not break the laws! Are you a Law breaker? Will you defend me robbing you b/c I am poor?!
Not a lawbreaker.I was referring to emotionally in their shoes.That is different than legally.
#BuildTheWall #MAGA
They are lawless Democrat voters. You are EVIL
My Wife children waited her turn & paid all the fees to be an American Citizen...everyone Shall wait & pay.
Democrats don't think about Americans. Follow the LAW.
Squatters take note: all you have to do to legally reside in the Harris home is break in and stay there long enough.
Translation: I need my illegal votes.
YES! #DefendDREAMers
@jmpalmieri eat 
Illegal is illegal
#deport #daca #dreamers ALL illegals, they hate America. 

Kamala Harris hates America too, she's a racist also.
Some prosecutor you are. Illegal is illegal.
without passing a law, @POTUS44 lied and cause pain to 800,000 children. Such a cruel joke on the most vulnerable.
Hmmmm Kamala, it isn't their home. You need to be removed from you position your as nuts as Maxy...
No, it isn't their home.
It shouldn't be their home.
And U know this but UR pandering 4 votes as UR want 2 do.
UR a complete FRAUD, Kamala.
Sell-out.

#MAGA #TRUMP
Corrupt Obama POS turd! END & DEPORT DACA!
Then get immigration reform done and compromise with the GOP
Dreamers? Do it the right way If we want to change the way immigration is in this Nation Do It the right way #NoShortCuts
It's also changed a lot of AMERICAN lives, those who lost people to so called dreamers, how many American kids being killed is enough?
7 years ago, #Obamacare destroyed US medical industry
DREAMers to take benefits away from our own veterans and homeless? No way. Deport them and #BuildTheWall
Another Law breaking politician
No it is not.
Defend illegal crossings? While another group of illegals are found in Texas ...clinging to life in the back of a semi? #craycray
Kamala, why don't you take some in to your home and support them?
You mean it began changing the lives of the Americans it's helping displace and replace with permanent Democrat voters.
