Do we trust this Kamala? LOST my faith in anything GOP/Trump says or does. Not trusting the headlines that R's have given up. Pls. advise
Looks safe for now, which means little, agreed.
When it comes to all things Trump--- my trust level is in the gutter.
Safest approach until he's out of WH & off the airwaves.
#TrumpWorstEver 4EVER
May we all live long enough to see it.
We share the same goals, I'm sure:
1. survive beyond the DTs
2. witness resurgence of #ProgressiveUSA
3. participate in healing 
yeah. Let's keep Obamacare because it's working so well. Idiot
Can you guys insist that nothing happens on taxes until we see his? Unfair we have no way 2 know if his policies wil benefit him personally
Como  esta   kamalita  my  love  como.  Estuvo   hoy   y. La.   Familia
Thanks for encouraging us Sen. Harris!
Mi. Reina  my. Love.  Bella  del.  Alma  c o no  estas   tu   escribeme   ahora.
Thanks to Dem REFUSAL to work w/ Pres Trump
We will end up with a COMPLETE O-Care implosion
Or Full Repeal
Keep it up.
#LessLibsMoreLiberty
What happened to Medicare for all? This was the Democratic parties New Deal Now because your corporate and take money from wall st. D sup it
Or do you?
So now what's the plan, Kamala? Keep blocking single payer? Expand fracking?
Kudos * Keep up the fight  but just like Friday they will be back*
Please encourage your followers on Twitter and FB to contact @SpeakerRyan and demand a bill of indictment against Donald Trump.

Como   salio.  Todo  hoy. Muy  love . bellla  mi. Senad o r da.   Llamame
WE WILL REMEMBER THIS!  YOU DESTROYED OUR HEALTH CARE!  YOU ARE PREVENTING US FROM GETTING DECENT HEALTH CARE!  WE WILL REMEMBER!
Instead of repeal.fix what is not working.
Lovely
I don't understand how we help.  You listen to us and speak for us and maybe even help us do good.  How do we help?
Great to know CA will always push fy by partisan right thing for your people
Thank you to @AntoniqueSmith for all the pushing you do
Just wait until 2018, you'll wish they voted on this crappy bill today.
The imploding ACA is now the responsibility of you and the Dems, Senator. And you want to throw good money down a rabbit hole to save it
Now is the time for the Democrats to put out a concrete proposal to fix the #ACA. It is broken and D's need to own it
. . .and we have to keep fighting. DJT STILL popping off that  a GOP bill will be back
Keep up the good work Kamala!
God Bless Susan Collins , great woman of our great State of Maine. Thank God she stood her ground for us
And because of YOUR work! Thank You Senator Harris!
I'm a big supporter, Senator. Please run for President.
Stay on the right side of health care and don't go corporate later
And you keep it up, too, Kamala. I hope we can trust this information, given Trump's history with lies and trickery.
Will there be a vote on Universal Health Care or is that being held up by a lack of your work?
Easy for you to say because you don’t participate. Millions of regular folks will lose coverage due to the failure of ACA
And YOUR work too. Thank you, Senator; and keep it up.
United States citizens 
United we bargain divided we beg
Thank you
Thank u for helping us
Thank you for fighting for us all Senator Harris!  Medicare for all is the best way.  With Great Admiration,  GCD
Question from Canada?
Will the "Jones Act" stop our relief ship from getting to PR? They need the help,is big industry stopping this?
The electorate should NOT have to work so hard on issues that are no brainers.
And your Senator. Thank you ALL who stood against their HORRIBLE Agenda

Thank you.
Hey @SenKamalaHarris ... 

Harris2020...

Just saying...
Thanks Madam President 2020!!!
. US criminal justice accountability ? #AMDG
Let's get Obamacare fixed, now!  No more suffering for our people.
Thanks 2 u 2 
Mrs. Harris I can't wait till November 2018, to stop this once every three month repeal vote!
Called your DC office
Asked about what to do other than call, since every CA rep already has enough sanity to not need calls.
Thank you! 
Didn't get a name, but nice guy on the phone yesterday too; helpful.
Thank you both.
Get off the Bernie bandwagon I like you please
Will there be any relief for Puerto Rico  asking for a friend
#DJT tweeted something different, like there will be a vote. Tweet was incomprehensible. Nothing new.
Love  the quotation marks.
We need you in higher office! Run Kamala Run
You mean people but keep losing their Healthcare because of outrageous premiums lack of choice political manipulation
right you people that are screwing a lot of lives in McCain what a traitor you love that
Puerto Rico is priority #1.

When will he ever get that people don't want their killer brand of health care??!! @realDonaldTrump
There won’t be a vote this week. They’ll keep at it. There should be a law...
Thank you for working hard to stop this.
Ad budget cut, right? Spread the word that open enrollment is coming! Sen, please now work to improve affordability of the ACA #fixtheACA
I'm still worried. Why would McConnell give up 4 days early? Something's going to happen.
And yours!!! Thank you!
There also won't be a vote on CA562, #SinglePayer in California, despite a #Dem super majority, thanks to RepubliDems and corrupt $DNC.
U can get their attention if U have $$$. CA lawyers legalized malpractice; cheat&betray clients with impunity.
Thank you for all your hard work helping to save our health care !
I'm so proud you are my senator!
I don't believe it until the deadline has passed.  Don't trust those bastards.
No its due to the Democratic Senators that believe in rights of our people that truly believe in their constituents.
Great work. Now show us Congress can work together to provide great care 4 all. Other countries can. Embarrassing we can not.
@KamalaHarris @SenWarren @SenGillibrand @SenDuckworth @CoryBooker @alfranken @SenatorDurbin @SenSchumer @SenSanders @clairecmc @timkaine
Resistance Hulk happy today, Senator.
And because of your hard work too! Thank you... now prepare to be our next president please.
And yours. Thank you for your tireless efforts
Next time they should work on a good health care bill. Not just saving taxes for the rich, which is what last three bills were about.
Hip hip hooray 
We will. We are getting stronger and MORE energized. Someday we will get back to life, but will remain awake.
I will not believe the GOP and their Zomie tactics. Keep calling your Senators through Sep. 30th to VOTE NO #grahamcassidybill
Also because of the unity you and your colleagues demonstrate against these monstrosities.  Next up: Tax Deform.
Awesome  to hear  and (knock on wood)
Thank you for your work!  Some of us have senators that dont vote for our best  interests, just their own.  Appreciate you!  Keep it up!
I got you 

Thank you for your hard work Kamala!!!
Senator I'm impressed. Keep speaking the truth about single payer. You were the first to sign on to Bernie's bill. But there is more to do.
Always !!!
It looks as though Obamacare is here to say and Trumpcare is mirage -pie in the sky
Thank you so much, Senator Harris, for your efforts on behalf of American public health.
Thank you Kamala for all you have done for the American people.
Thank you!!! So happy to have you as my senator, always standing up for Californians. Can't wait to vote for you again!
Yeah so now you don't have choices you can afford and Drs that will t accept Ocare don't you feel Senator Harris Love and compassion.
Love to you
I believe Lindsey Graham is all-a-twitter and has the vapors!!!
Now Kamala get your other sen to get working on aid for PR!!
#ADAPTandRESIST
Sorry but I don't believe that until October 1st.
Thank you WE will
Kamala? Do you know how badly I want you to be, not only first female prez but female BLACK president? That would make all this worth it…
you helped a little too, ya know
Thank you, Senator! Stay strong!
They’ll try to sneak it n again. It ain’t over till it’s over. Ol turtle face is a sneaky one.
I hope the "3 Strikes and You're Out!" rule is in effect! And may they all be made eat prune whip every day in the afterlife!
Yup. I called.  I emailed.  I posted.  #Power
And Thanks to @SenatorCollins
Good now go save lives in Puerto Rico, St John, St Croix, St Thomas #US #USVI
It's not the 30th yet.
Tell @dhsgov to waive the Jones Act for PR!
Thank YOU for keeping us informed, working tirelessly to protect our rights and for gently reminding us of our power to affect change!
But Sen. Graham said...

"We'll be back!"
That's because even @SenMajLdr won't go on record as approving #GrahamCassidy *death panels* that will kick Grandma out of her nursing home.
And your leadership

Hell yeah!
We desperately need a bipartisan solution. Get ppl working together to make things better, Choices save money for Gov't, Ins. & consumers.
I'm sure your work was in there too. Many people had a louder voice than one & we succeeded, but lets be ready for any future attempts.
So now let's see if BOTH parties can act like adults and work together on a fix.  #doyourjob
Literally it's not, but keep telling yourself that
Please keep up the pressure. Personally, don't trust the @senateGOP to not pull a vote on Fri...fully expect attempted bribes to get to yes.
Now that is put to bed, please focus on getting Trump out of the WH before he starts WWIII. Time is running out.
Great, take a breath, rest up because dollars to donuts, tomorrow will arrive with some new trump Fresh Hell to @Resist. It is exhausting
Let us know what we need to do next!
Yes Sister.
thanks to all and I'll be looking to support you in 2020
Keep your foot on GOP throats and keep pushing Single Payer. The majority of Americans want it, and 35% of GOP voters want it. Keep it up.
It's exhausting having 2 fight 4 wht should b obv humane rights 4 millions of ppl. I mean who r thz monsters? Thz tax cuts r mr imp than Us?
Glad there’s not vote this time. But we know it’s b/c it didn’t cut enuf for some, & 1 other is maybe halfway decent. Will keep calling tho.
I do hope you can agree on a bipartisan solution to the issues that plague the ACA!!!!

We can't relive this nightmare again and again. Now do something to fix Ocare's flaws bi-partisan way. Premiums are too high
Pls save PuertoR
2 elderly on life sup died from no diesel fuel-generator
Those deaths R on @realDonaldTrump 
USA sent masv aid 2Fukushima
You're so modest thanks to you here on Twitter we were reminded of it constantly so you're running for president next term you got my vote
It's been a pleasure to be a part of this movement. I believe the best is yet to be for this wonderful, powerful movement.
Because of 4 GOP senators. How can you get more on board?
Has nothing to do with the sheep work.
It takes a village.
And yours! Thanks!
They'll  attach it to another more popular initiative and perhaps pass it. An Ill informed public is, was, and will always be our demise.
I don't trust @GOP , @SenKamalaHarris . Pls stay vigilant. #TheResistance #GrahamCassidyNO
Kamala, you are awesome!  Keep it up!
I’m still trying to understand - besides our corrupt leadership, who in society asked for this bill?
Great! I get  to keep my $1100/month healthcare that used to cost $500/month before BO got ahold of it. Yay!!
Thank you Sen. Harris for your hard work and patriotism!
And your hard work, Kamala. Thank you for fighting for us.
So what are doing for healthcare for CA Obamacare is crashing
#ViveLaResistance
Thank you Senator Harris!
Safe for the moment, so congratulations on temp saving of #ACA. Now it's on to @GOP trickle-down economics.
Don't trust them, would not surprise me that they call a vote and forget to tell the Dems and pass with only GOP votes only 49-0
Now we need to work on nullification.
Are you sure ? no last minute sneaky votes ?
YESSSS
Thank you for your vigilance @KamalaHarris  when you campaign again I will be there again for you! Thanks#GrahamCassidyDead
Thank you thank you. My autistic son thanks you because he can keep his Medicaid now
Thanks to you as well Senator!
This is not the end
I trust her. I've called her and Senator Feinstein a lot. I like that she put quotations around health care.
well don't stop until its well past Sept 30th they will need 60 votes after that to past and I don't trust them
Credit where it's due @SenJohnMcCain certainly helped now what can be done for Puerto Rico ?
Thank you for all your work M'am!
I'm persisting and plan to for the long haul, if that's what it takes.
we are with you. What are they going to do with all those disabled people government dragged off yesterday
and thank you Senator Harris!
Thank you for hiding, now #paymypremium
Thank you. Kamala Harris 2020 
For now. They will be back.
Thank You for tireless efforts! Xoxo Josephine's Grandma 
We love you (future) Madame President . Keep fighting. The #resistance has your back. #Kamala2020
Thank you for all your hard work Senator Harris on stopping this bill!!!
How about you for 2020?
and thank you for your work Senator, always!!
The Dems need to JUMP all over THIS and FIX Obamacare. Sabotage is targeted by the GOPS.  Please DEMS hit the ground running.
Need huge effort for bipartsan work to stablize insurance markets. Trump/GOP will try to ruin ACA since can't get a bill done! Help!
Although I would have liked them to go on record with a vote. Not voting is akin to not full responsibility.
I will start with you @SenKamalaHarris Raise Taxes and limit defense spending and work to fix our deficits and debt. #NoNewTaxCuts
Thank all of you also! Really tired of trying to save all of us from the GOP what is their next brain fart going to be. I need a rest.
Thank you! #Harris-Franken2020 @SenFranken
You have GOT TO KNOW, Republicons are just going to bring their corrupt HealthCare Bill to the public again in January.
Please for the Country,it is 1/6 of US Economy & life/death for ppl.  
Fix the Affordable Care AcT! 
Bipartisan--match up w/partners & do it
No it’s actually not. It’s because we have swamps in the GOP Tgat do not want Pres  Trump to move forward on anything good for this country
Maybe by the time their opportunity to try again comes around, their donors will have give up.
#TheResistance works hard!
We will! and you too!!!
Thank you  California
Thank you Sen. Harris
Bam!!!
POWER TO THE PEOPLE!!!!!!!!!
So Rand Paul is not voting for a socialist bill written by republicans, because of Democrats??  You need to humble yourself.
Can't wait for you to run for Pres. Harris 2020 "Bring respect back to the office"
Should we keep calling? Don't trust them. Regardless of now or later, this fight is far from over as long as GOP controls both houses. #2018
Too much delay is bad for the people it is the collective responsibility of the congress to fix it soon
Thank you Senator Harris for your hard work and dedication
There wasn't prosecution of Steven Mnuchin's One West Bank for predatory lending & aggressive foreclosures. This was b/c of YOU as Cali AG.
No thank you Mrs. Harris
And thanks for all you've done to protect our healthcare!
@SenKamalaHarris thanks for your hard work.  Can you help make sure they don't try again?
Our wonderful senator from California had a large hand in that.
You mean “health scare” bill, right?
Thank you, Senator!
