AHCA handouts:
Death to the poor, tax cuts to the rich.
Not just the poor, it targets children.
And women.

But fundamentally, AHCA is anti-humanity.
And 1.5 MILLION veterans will be affected.
And the elderly.
And apparently it'll impact Trump supporters the most... iconically.
And yet somehow they seem to think they are teaching us a lesson...
.
That's 'trump' for 'ya' !
Senator, I respectfully disagree with your color selection, this is actually "black and orange". The rest of your tweet is ok.
Senator @KamalaHarris I don't understand how the Republican bill gives tax cuts to the rich at the expense of poor Americans. Explain please
It's especially black, given that poor people will be hit hard. Ugly situation. #ACARepeal
IT'S #WEALTHY #AGENDA #GOP MUST OBEY THIER #MASTERS OR RISK LOSING BIG MONEY
Dems better get their act together for 2018 / 2020. We need better candidates to run for offices.
The DNC needs to support EVERY Dem that runs, not just 'Golden Boys' like Ossoff. The poor guy in SC got little to no help from our party. 
very true...I didn't even know there was a special election in SC. nobody talked about it just the GA one. not good. Dems need an overhaul..
Yes. And they'd better do it quickly! Losing by lower point spread is STILL LOSING!!
God what a load of crap and you know it.... you are just another one of those hysterical liberal types! Pull it together...
Please explain exactly how in terms the average person will understand and relate to.
Give one suggestion to make it better. Come on California we can do it.
One just one new idea please. Obstruction has already been used. And the Dems keep losing, so pony up.
I was talking about how to make the health bill better in her eyes.
Have you read it all yet?  And, why havent the Dems contributed to the healthcare bill. Stop fighting and work together
This was done behind closed doors, and no it was NOT with Obama Care!
Wow we need to pass the bill to see what is in it! Do Dems lie or what.  That is why they have lost over 1000 seats over tHe last few years
Use it 63% of nursing homes use medicaid & disabled children. .I've  never used any of it but I have heart @realDonaldTrump & @GOP doesn't
And the @GOP has the NERVE to say 'GOD' points them in the right governing direction? #LIARS #HYPOCRITES
You've got that %100 right ... 'LIARS'!
I meant to 'say',, 'LIARS' PLUS whatever/all that is even worse than 'LIARS'; if there is anything worse!
it's not a republican health care bill, it's a bill to continue kissing Obama's butt.. without COMPLETE REPEAL AND REPLACE it's a Dem bill
YA, KEEP FOLLOWING IDIOTS.Disabiled & elderly NOT  effected EVER! MILLIONS ON MEDICADE that CAN work &get insurance fr/employment.Get 2 wrk!
#GOPgreedmanifesto unhealthy for Americans #HellerVoteNo
Unconstitutional, Unethical, AND Immoral!!
Could it be that subsidized health care isn't being paid for by the middle class? Who is paying for your health care?
. senator Harris as long as trump keeps his base everyone else is screwed. This health care is a joke, they work for us.
As a communist you know the biggest lie is the better lie.
Another communist lie.
I heard someone else sum it up: This is a deficit financed tax cut for the wealthiest Americans. Thank you @SenKamalaHarris  for standing up
@jkfecke If Dems would frame issue as an economic tragedy that hospitals/ insured will pay for uninsured we could win again
steps towards neo-serfdom
Corrupt & Liars...
Thank you for standing strong in the face of ignorant, power & money hungry old white men. You & many other Dem senators are America's hope.
@StepfanieKramer @tlyoung0204
The lying liars who sold the Obamacare trainwreck to us on a pack of lies have a whole new set of lies about the replacement.

And we're all surprised by this? This is the party of corporatist, capitalist, Darwinian & Orwellian wealth!
So where did all the millionaire Dems get their money? Didn't the Clintons say the were "broke" when they left the White House???
What's more of a shame and commentary is "are  we surprised" This man that cheated for status of President has 2 go.Impeach his uneducated A
This is what his base, and his voters chose. Take this time to rebuild your Party. Don't go too far left, or any of us taxpayers are out
I haven't heard a word about the tax breaks from Republicans. How do they try to justify this abuse of power?
@Alyssa_Milano what's black and white is how you trying to block every Republican attempt to fix this country Kamala
Republican lawmakers are ultimate Death Panel
-Very important to republicans!
You haven't read it yet Kamala. Sit down
THIS is black & white too
Why didn't you prosecute Steve Mnuchin's Bank for STEALING From Homeowners-1000KnownCases?
For Mr Trump and his friends it must be GREAT.
Yes, -spot on!  GOP is a hate group; race & class are the targets.  Remind your R colleagues the Bolsheviks rejected all this 100 years ago
His base, who think he can do no wrong will be hurt the most and blame it on the democrats
#WealthCare
 @SenJohnMcCain Where are you, senator? Why haven't we heard you declare publicly that you will not vote for AHCA?
As opposed to the current state of ACA with ever increasing premiums to reward millionaire doctors, and healthcare executives?
I'm not sure if you are a simpleton or just trying to deceive. The Rs are trying to improve a horseshit law falling down on itself.
Someone steal from the rich and give it back to us,  Please 
#TheResistance
Truth is, ANY legislation that requires any sort of technological investment will reward many people who are already billionaires.
Can we do a class action suit for attempting murder of The People something like that!
Don't forget it also destroys something President Obama did.  Which is the real reason the orange scumbag is behind it.
This bill is the nail in the GOP coffin! Take note!  Your days in ofc are numbered.  Vote for Democracy on 11/6/18! Send home EVERY YES VOTE
Just think if GOP wld go along a improve ACA we cld hv best plan in whole world
Yes and it's unforgivable that the GOP don't care just how many ppl might die if they cant get affordable health care.
People die everyday.. what does that have to do with health insurance? Wouldn't people still be able to access healthcare?
Call it what it is, a Wealth Care bill. @TeaPainUSA
Traveling through West Virginia 2015-16 Trump signs bigger than the houses it stood upon and cost more than the house #Realize #reality
But how are we going to continue to pay for ACA if it is becoming the unaffordable Care Act?
Isaiah 32:7 "Scoundrels use wicked methods; they make up evil schemes to destroy the poor with lies even when the plea of the needy is just"
Only fair that thousands die, millions live in misery and pain, if the boys can kill more endangered species, Melania gets more diamonds
your another lying, self centered, self aggrandizer. Welcome to your swamp; now go home!
Black and white indeed! Not so subtle #racism of Republicans
Just stay in your liberal state you make no sense you are a rude person looking to be something your not
Kept "kids" on parents insurance til 26 years old, Keeping pre-existing conditions, stopping insurance mandate, what is so horrible about it
Then you should be enjoying that tax cut
Aetna CEO in private meeting: 'Single-payer, I think we should have that debate'
I'm gonna take the contrarian view - cut the speculation, pass the bill, let's all face the effects, and then drive out the @GOP of politics
The GOP is silent, Fox ain't telling the base what's in bill.. we r fighting many diff fights here. Make them unelectable, pass the bill..
Yeah but when are Democrats going to start doing something more about this?? they need to start pushing back a lot more in public
It's not healthcare - it's #Wealthcare
@CitizensFedUp @BeltwayPanda @kjoerwin #Veterans NRA TeaParty 'Rushed to Repeal' in order to Collect Lobby $$$ https://www.mediamatters.org/blog/2017/05/05/msnbc-bill-press-calls-out-rep-scalise-lying-about-americans-not-losing-health-care-under-republican/216300 …
Question: I'm 66, have excellent health, take no prescriptions. Annual checkups only. Will I be charged more simply b/c of my age?
We love you kamala
And it is so not right
We know Trump's policies are a disaster, but Dems need faces and candidates to get behind, a real leader, any chances?
No this is pure GREED. The constitution was built with a loophole to not include an entire race of people.  Why? Ignorance and GREED.
WEALTH CARE
This is black and white: a sizeable number of American's don't give a fuck.
Why is the MSM not focused on reporting on the tax cuts for the elites too??? They need to interview those affected most by this!!!
If only the poor had representation in Gov.
Saving the wealthy more in taxes annually than most Americans earn in a year.
Uuuuuhhh!! Would that mean you 2, Alyssa? Oh!! You already got a tax break. Not paying any. Then blaming other people 4 it.
And that Only makes lots of since to Millionaire's and Billionaires... Only a man wit Greed &envy would steal from the less fortunate
Finally found those 'death panels' they were talking about!
It's a damn shame. You senators should refuse your golden parachute of a healthcare plan in protest.... *crickets*
@FUNNAGAN STOP. WE PAY TAXES  FOR  EVERYTHING  UNFAIR. DEMAND  GREAT  COMPLETE HEALTHCARE DRUGS OPTICAL DENTAL  FREE.
Shouldn't it be called 45's no-care bill for medical care for the rich only? How does this man sleep at night or look in a mirror?
Yep!
They have done nothing but proved to me that it's all about what special interest will pad their pocket book
Rename: #WealthCareBill
Remember Repubs voted against @POTUS44 at time when US/world economy about 2 implode. All policies enacted 2 save econ voted 4 by Dems only!
If Abe Lincoln & Teddy Roosevelt were alive 2day they wouldn't recognize this Republican party bc they'd never vote against the country!
This health care and Obama health care is a joke, they both gave to the rich tell the truth! Or can u?
These rich mofos will not 'digest' this money that actually belongs to the poor. Karma does not FORGIVE the injustice.
Terrible
Ms. Harris, we need to you to take the leadership. NEW Democratic blood!!
This reads a lot more like a "Health-f-off" bill than a healthcare bill
And they'll get away with it. . .
Sad!
You're probably right. 
Doom and gloom. World is coming to an end. Blah blah blah.
It's Trump's Wealth Care Bill. Nothing to do with health.
The idea is to appropriate every nickel, give it to the corporations and .01% and destroy the government and New Deal idea of helping people
Single payer
You are a sick woman. How dare you ignore the Muslim women who asked you to help them fight the oppression of Islamic extremism. Disgrace
It doesn't
The GOP is the devil
Such lies. Your party's law is unsustainable & collapsing in real time. Defending instead of fixing it is the height of irresponsibility.
This is not the country we want! What is wrong with these greedy republicans?????
Let's get mealy mouthed liberals and lying bastard so-called conservatives to sound like they have some heart. This time, I'm hysterical.
So people who actually work and contribute to our country have to take care of the people too lazy or stupid to work and better themselves
#DEATHCARE2017
Take from those in need, to give to those in need of nothing! Wow, MAGA is going splendidly well! Rich get Richer & the poor get sick&die! 
Agreed.  But your Corp Dems offer nothing, zip, nada.  Until open primaries happen and super delegates don't, they'll continue to lose.
Dump Trumpcare; Heal ObamaCare; Medicare for All.
And his supporters still don't get it!
It's a disgrace what they're doing! Voters better make them pay dearly in 18' Senator Harris!
whether republican/democrat, US has been poking wars, killing innocents to STASH money. so much love for money? print n EAT USD @POTUS
whether republican/democrat, US has been poking wars, killing innocents to STASH money. so much love for money? print n EAT USD @IvankaTrump
whether republican/democrat, US has been poking wars, killing innocents to STASH money. so much love for money? print n EAT USD @BarackObama
Do whatever you have to do to stop it.  Time to get tough!
No the money they save from PP will go to health dept.  Honey Abortion is murder.  Read the Bible much.  I promise we will be taken care of.
Yup selfishness,  greed, greed and more greed, are the senate republicans who concocted this bill
The elderly, disabled or seriously ill are also GOP sacrificial lambs for tax breaks for the rich
How would you know if you claim you haven't seen it?
Sen Harris. trump appointed to office the people who loaned him money. When he couldn't pay them back he now is giving them tax credits $$$$
And the craziest part is a majority of Trumps supporters are going to be devastatingly impacted by this and don't even realize it.
How is this any worse than what California's Democratic Super Majority is trying to ram down the throat of every prop13 protected homeowner?
When are the Ds going to begin to represent poor people again or union people again? Why you keep losing.
Please run for president
thats the RePUBElican way. This really shouldn't be a shock to anyone. They want pre ACA minus poor, old, sick n disabled.
Come on America, where is your heart? We are better than this
@DJ_PsychGuy & all the Billionaires in his Administration, family , friends & stock increases.
Ask the Dirty Bakers Dozen a question for me. Does Steve Scallise have enough insurance is he in danger of caps not covering his rehab?
Then you can tell them a big FU from Tennessee. I'm sorry they all weren't at the ballfield.
@SenKamalaHarris And your for Single Payer?
Obamacare also sucked. So either way we are screwed.
Shameful stuff, indeed! How do these greedy bastards sleep at night?
So wrong! The Repubs want to kill people!
Health care isn't a right. Access to it is but you using the power of the state to steal the money to pay for other people's is still theft.
Criminal. Immoral. Wrong.
Enabling them to play keepaway with the monetary supply as it dies peacefully in an off shore bank.
#wealthcare
None of us should be surprised Republican don't care about the working people and never will you don't go out and vote this is what you get
The Senator has spoken & broke it down plain for us. Even those with fake education, fake understanding & fake comprehension can grasp it.
Please try 2 convince the 4 republican senators opposed to the bill that they are right to do so and not cave to pressure.
That's the GOP way...........Greed Over Principle
translation... let's them keep the money they earned

So they can create jobs for all those sick and dead people.
It's not a tax cut if u get to keep the $ you earned.
Same old Repug crap. People with disabilities, home health aides, nursing homes, will all be cut off. Good luck stupid trump supporters.
If this awful bill goes thru, there will be people who believed Trump promises, voted for him, and now will die because of him.
You need to be quiet you crook and embezzler. Go back to your bed.
So you've read the whole bill?  . or are you and Pelosi related?
#Wealthcare
#TrumpCare is the same as Youthanasia or #HitlerCare
It's allows us who aren't millionaires to put formerly ACA money towards funding our kids education in 529 plans.
Lets not start the racial thing!!!
It's also gives tax breaks to those of us who are taxed to death in your state and don't want to pay for a broken system.
you have my vote for prez ~ please put voter registration on top of your agenda
Full repeal!
Exactly......
How much money  is enough money for the greedy Republicans????
Thank you, GOP. Feeling great again. Winning ------not
Please prove this claim. Don't make outrageous claims in this form without proof. Great Liberal tag line to incite Liberal snipers!
Bottom line
You're doing an amazing job! Please think about running for 2020!
*yawn* "The sky is falling, the sky is falling" said the dem #obstructionist
@SenKamalaHarris KNOWS Obamacare implodes 2018, &EVERYONE will LOSE healthcare! @POTUS is trying to SAVE Healthcare,Dems are KillingChildren
What are you going to do about it?  "WE" can't do Shit..you say "vote"; DID. Say tell rep; DID. With Republicans for .1%, nothing to do
It also increases stock price value of insurance companies. Stock prices of insurance companies soared today.
I guess Americans have to feel the pain first before they begin to exercise their personal power, get involved and VOTE every chance!
Let's target that message with specifics, non-stop & loud to targeted, hard-hit GOP districts of Senators who might vote no
I'm so grateful to have had the opportunity to help vote you into office. You're a true asset.
specifically how? it doesnt stop or remove anyone from medicaid, it just stops massive expansion, why misrepresent? people will find out
We need the Dems in the Congress to start yelling loud and clear for Medicare for all. Millions will suffer under this "healthcare" bill. 
Millionaires are the true #job creators, not the #government. #Facts #Economics #Capitalism #TrickleDown
This has been a Fucked up 152 days huh? I say let the Repugnants own this basket of shit.
#taxcut masquerading as health care.  there is #nohealthandnocaring in this bill.
Please be our president. Please.

Beautiful response, although I feel sick
Trumpcare = Wealthcare, not Healthcare #wealthcare
You are one of the few voices of reason!
Stay hard in the paint Senator
Y'all are just spouting MEDIA-created phrases...
The real architect of ACA repeal. Ayn Rand devotee Paul Lyin Ryan is his pet politician
Black and white to people w/common sense. GOP hid the bill bcs they new it would be disastrous & they knew many Americans aren't stupid.
Maybe a vacation in the socialist bastion of Venezuela would help you see the truth of stealing money from productive to give to give?
How many pol lost their plans and or doctors under Obamacare again? Premiums went down 2590 per family right?  And you crushed small biz.  
This is why we can't afford to have rich people run our economy.They are clueless--or worse.
I lost MY ins due TO the ACA and MY NEW plan is more expensive.
Why did u not care when that was happening?
Never mind, we both know why.
Is that true: my gosh !
What's the secret, powerful hypnotic spell used by the GOP to keep their sheep..er..constiuents blinded to what is being done with AHCA?
@GOP GENOCIDE BILL kills MILLIONS of poor, elderly & disabled Americans! Call it what it is - GENOCIDE! Might as well dig the mass graves!
