Thank you from all Californians, Senator.
Not all Californians, you can't change the law to fit your narrative
You can always soften the law to fit some moral justice. Mama obviously does not know best or has a real poor memory of 1930s Germany
Her forefathers were persecuted by both Russia and Germany and she wants to dump on immigrants?? Sick puppies on the far right.
I admire ur resolve to help this fam, however, this isn't an isolated incident. Address the head of this assault agnst the Latino community.
What kind of country are @realDonaldTrump & @jeffsessions turning us into?

I HATE TRUMP!  He's ruining America and taking us into WWIII.  I've never felt insecure like I do today with this unqualified POTUS.
So glad I voted for you. You have had all our backs through it all.  Thank you for helping these good people and all that are in need.
And who is paying for all those people in need
If you read the article, this family was obviously paying for themselves and making a positive contribution to our country along the way.
Illegal immigration is against the law# if you don't like it get the law changed
Do you have any compassion?  They are humans that we're looking for a better life.
Do it legally
Having compassion has nothing to do with legality.
Too bad, should have come here legally
Kamala Clinton 2020
fuck bernie socialist sanders

bernie will never be the president
Lol... Family's are broken up every day when you send a criminal to jail. This is no different, except they can take the kids with them.
You break the law and come here illegally and you want to reward them ? Mind blowing
I hope you have this passion for true citizens... But your a libtards so I'm sure you don't...
@SenKamalaHarris puts Illegal Aliens FIRST before our own US Citizens. Not what she was elected for.
sad story here in America
Its there fault there being depurted, don't illegally o to a country N set up roots then cry when ur caught n deported end of story
Here illegally, gone legally!
you mean they are criminals that tried to not be criminals for years by not doing it the legal way in the first place. hmmm
This Trump NIGHTMARE is rippling literally around the world. Put yourself in the shoes of people living in Guam on this day. SOMEONE STOP DT
That's funny, because the governor of Guam loves Trump and Lil'Kim has backed down. Obama couldn't have done that.
Come here legally and avoid this kind of action
#2 more like 90 days.  So in that light, send them home.  Illegal is Illegal, I don't care how you spin it.
Breaking federal laws again???
Definitely said situation but you've been here 23 years and you're still illegal it doesn't take that long to obtain citizenship
Thank you! There is no humanity in this.
I'm so angry that people with suitcases of money can buy their way in, but good people like this are dragged from their homes and family.
Trump is literally destroying lives here at home and is now threatening millions (i.g. NK). Sen. Harris, we need him GONE, NOW!
Serious question SenKam.... how do we clone you?
Woman helps bring in bilingual nurses, which means there is a shortage because of all the spanish speaking illegals getting free healthcare
DEPORT THEM ALL. Simple.

Is she legal?
Simple solution. Denounce sanctuary cities and then local police can protect people like her by turning others over. ICE doesn't discriminat
If only you adhered to the Constitution as strongly as you are fighting for a bunch of criminals.
I might feel different if the article stated how long they had been trying to become legalized immigrants. It should be 23 years, but prob
Thank you for the work you're doing! This family should stay together in Oakland! #donotdeport
So if you READ the article you will see the deportation order came from the Obama administration. BHO just didn't enforce the order
The Law's the law being here 23 years illegally you are not a citizen it is sad obviously you should have done more 2 secure ur citizenship
good, I hope they send them ALL back
You have a warrior's soul and an angel's heart, Senator. You are a hero. Thank you for your service, compassion, and strength.
Thank you for this. Could you please answer for your stance on Native Americans?
http://www.indianz.com/News/2015/017524.asp …
They did the same thing during slavery... Why are we surprised that this GOP has no family values
Awesome. Now to get @SenatorDurbin to do the same for Miguel Perez in Illinois. The lack of spine is extraordinary.
But family sooo important to our @POTUS. Shameful!
Thank you. I love healthcare workers from Mexico. So compassionate!
Wanna keep them together? Let them all leave together.
You should be arrested for treason. Illegal is ILLEGAL.
This is even more upsetting, because these people did not vote for Trump, & did not ask for this.  They are some of the best people of CA.
Please push for comprehensive immigration reform to solve these problems. Use Trump's broken promises about the deportations to apply heat.
These deportations are wrong. I'm not the politician you are, but what would be so bad about offering amnesty too honest people?
Please let me know if I can help in anyway.
Thank you Kamala. Please do.
IF the last 30years of kiss my ring &I will look the other way by both dems & pub hadnot happened then todays deports wuld not be happening
Why don't you advocate for the millions of LEGAL CALIFORNIA CITIZENS on the verge of HOMELESSNESS?

How about enforcing the law instead of pushing your personal agenda.
I hope you can help this family. This is heartbreaking. So unjust.
Oakland family split because they disregard the law and are now being held accountable. Shame on the former admin.
Can you help them get legal!  That would work for sure!!!
Good woman. your passion for right
I think they were split apart when they entered illegally. Don't come blaming everyone else.
You are a fantastic representative of the people. Keep up the fabulous work
terribly sad!!  It is all wrong!!
So which crimes can I commit and get away with and will you bail me out?
Thank God! You cant break our laws and cut in line
What about working for American citizens? Remember us?
You haven't been doing your homework if you aren't aware of what this excellent public servant has been doing all along for all Americans
She's busting her butt. Was working so hard for CA residents. Now on the federal level. #Harris2020
This hurts my heart & is terrible policy; these are not bad hombres wtf
Sorry...that's not even DACA
Adults knowingly coming in illegally 
Not same as child having been brought in illegally who is now an adult

No one except the mom & dad are splitting their family apart because no one says they can't take their kids with them.
Oh Lord...these poor people my heart breaks for them.
NEVER EVER tell me that Republicans care about family values.
Thank you for your efforts!
This coming from an X-AG. What part of "upholding the rule of law" don't you understand?
Illegal?  Goodbye.  American borders matter.  We're not the world's welfare state.
Best of luck, Sen. Harris
Thank you, Sen. Harris 
so in 20+ year they couldn't get papers, and they lied to get a Nursing license and driver license?  You don't see anything wrong?

God help them. 
Thank you
Bless you. Thank-you so much for your service to our country.
How about introducing legislation to defund ICE raids similar to the prohibition on using funds to prosecute cannabis? #DEPORTICE
Please do.
Thank you!
We need a senator that will dedicate time and our tax dollars to Americans,  not illegal aliens. You should help veterans,  homeless,...
You realized ICE only goes looking for illegals with a criminal record right?
Roflmao! ICE even stalks moms at school picking up their kids. Most of these people are paying taxes and working hard, sometimes 2 jobs
Actually the guy who was scooped up while dropping his kid off had a record of dui and stealing vehicle tags
@SenKamalaHarris we can fix yiur problem you will be goimg HOME

know @DNC @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems have hard time understanding THE law
Prayers for strength!
May you waste millions in CA citizens' taxpayer dollars in your fruitless endeavor 
Thank you Senator Harris!
Thank you! Senator Harris.
Thank you Senator Harris! This should not happen in any country! Certainly not in America! Heart broken!
Terrible
Thank you
Go get um Kamala !!
This is so wrong.
Please do!
Good for you doing that for the family
Thank you, Sen Harris
If they're here illegally, how is it they have social security numbers to pay taxes?
Fake SSNs - means they are paying taxes and ss yet don't see those benefits
Fake? As in breaking our laws fake? Or are most SSN stolen?
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you for standing up for Californians.
Jesus......smh.....
Oakland is rife with homeless / jobless Americans.
The best option is to deport all of them together.
I cannot imagine being in their position. 
Johnny, go back to your cave! Please!
You own the laws and policy.........spend your time fixing the law rather than subverting it.
Repugs are ones at fault not Kamala
Senator Harris...Thank you
I know ur so rich u look 4 ways to spend ur money. Can u help this poor family, probably not because they r citizens
Oh no not another. This tragedy is unbearable.
Please try this is so ridiculous
They stay togther if they all go back together, right? Then they can apply to enter legally.
Pretty ignorant response
How so, if the issue is staying together why isn't that the best solution?
Let's hope you can help them!
Make this right, Senator. 

It's not even just her. We need good oncology nurses who speak Spanish. It matters, for patients and families.
Thank You!
Having taken part in help get a friend freed know that a large support group present at trial and compassionate judge are MUSTS.
Just do it.
Comprehensive immigration reform is so needed, in a fair, humane manner.
Thanks for all you do Senator!
YES Sen.Kamala Harris, your tweet (notification) in these secs 9:42amCT, TRUTHFULLY, T.G.I.F. ;  (FAMILY) Togethet
"A Family that Prays Together,Stays Together"  Being for the continued work of your office , as to keeping this (Family) TOGETHER. I  READ
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris for having a strong moral compass.
Where is your integrity?
a berner talking about integrity? lmao

but he lost by 4M votes.
Many would argue that was by DNC design. (Leaked emails not Russia but internal hack) USPS working for Clinton etc etc
Like put him in jail?
What's your opinion on North Korea?
