I am a recent widow with two special needs children,  so this hits home. It's very real!
Statistically Obamacare is stabilizing.  Look up marco Rubio and risk corridors. Trump has no clue about Healthcare, just wants a win
So screw the millions that lost their insurance due to the ACA, right? Who gives a crap about them.
Vastly more people gained their insurance under the ACA than lost it, and sick kids did not lost Medicaid coverage.

Nice try though.
@RadicalGoats has bought into the radical lie of socialized medicine being "moral." It's sickening. Say "F-U" to some to help a select few.
I didn't say it was moral. It costs less and has better outcomes, statistically, than private insurance. /1
Or at least when it's really socialized, like in every other civilized country. /2
But you go ahead sweetie. Keep deliberately misinterpreting me and putting words in my mouth. /3
Lie! Please stop spreading of false fear.
But Medicare will increase for Baby Boomers Parents & Grandparents Perpahs some of those getting Medicare don't need care-just need jobs

Next week the Senate is going to vote on legislation to save Americans from the ObamaCare DISASTER. #WeeklyAddress 
This is my daughter Autumn. She was born with a rare heart defect & has developed pulmonary vein stenosis. Half a heart & 1 functioning lung
All my love 
Thank you.
I love how you communists always use children to lie and NOT HAVE an argument!r
Bunch of fear mongers
As a foster mom to six I couldn't agree more! Thanks for fighting for them! #foster
She is such a b....! Using kids to spew her political propaganda. God help us if she is ever Pres!!
My granddaughter is in a similar boat. Donny wants to let her die. Her parents think Trump is a gift from God. If so, religion IS bullshit.
So her parents haven't figured out he will loose his healthcare and die.
I see YOU have no problem being with @HillaryClinton  Rich friends in the Hamptons fundraising for your 2020 run?
As long as they're wanted right??? Because the preborn who you can only see on ultrasound - they don't matter do they.
I bet every family in America knows someone whose child will die without #ACA. I know mine will. Thanks for your efforts to save it.
Love that you stand for what is right! You should run for president, your country needs more women like you in gov and mine too
Jajaja Im not a dem, just rooting for women who care about their country and its people.

Shameless photo-op. #SinglepayerNow
WHERE is the political will to address underlying healthcare costs though? Avg costs: family of 4 $27k in country w/ median fam income $56k
find a poor person named Robert Mercer. 
Compare poor Robert Mercer and his loss of health ins. to billionaire Robert Mercer and his tax cut
I can  personally tell you .... YOU have NO chance in 2020.  People have eyes and ears. YOU are a real "B" and no one wants or needs that!
You're spreading more lies. Children have never gone without healthcare unless they have negligent parents.
What lies is she spreading? Millions of people will lose healthcare and or medicaid if this bill passed...thats a fact!
Kamala specializes in spreading fear through the masses. It's sickening.
Its the truth shes spreading......
You're proof if she tells a lie often enough people will believe it.
So..the experts are all wrong on this and you are right? I think not!
It's widely known not my personal information but nice try attempting to isolate it.
PROPAGANDA GARBAGE again. The cuts, are to take away from CHEATERS. Keep re-inventing truth, may convince some of the people
That's very sad to hear :( called my end and expressed my concerns not to vote for bill
I'm a special educator serving individuals with profound autism. This bill would decimate their services and quality of life. I'm outraged.
Have you ever stopped to listen to what YOU the Dems say? Always slamming the Rich.  Rich this.. Rich that. YET there you are in Hamptons!
Sorry kid your out of the womb, @GOP gopstop caring for you the moment you take that first breath. Stay Healthy they need you at 18, 4WAR...
No health care insurance ... he can still receive treatment.
Heartbreaking. #KAMALA2020
So sweet .
I was saddened when @BarbaraBoxer retired from the Senate, you've cheered be up.  At least California is in good hands.
There is no excuse for cutting Medicaid.
Does the GOP realize that coming between a mother and a sick child is going to make MADD look like nothing
He's not getting cut however your lazy voters who make career off welfare must work
Get a little more dramatic with your lies. Let's talk about Deval Patrick stealing from the insurance chargebacks for his pet projects.
Ur a liar to get votes.  Check out @AmericanMex067's Tweet:
CNN doesn't really believe in diversity of opinion. They won't have me back on after obliterating their narrative on live TV. 
#CNNDirt 

@KellyannePolls says he can just get a job to make up for loss of Medicaid.
There r many more stories that don't have happy endings Stop deceiving ur fans who don't fact check & believe you
Next week the Senate is going to vote on legislation to save Americans from the ObamaCare DISASTER. #WeeklyAddress 
Hello my dear friend how are you doing over there today i'm david henrich by name i'm from new jersey united state .
Lots of Troops on here!.Block 'em when you see 'em. It will help us all.
2020 please?
Such a sweetheart! But, hey, Republicans must have their golf courses, yachts and healthcare and many houses, and university for their own!
But they do not care
This is your President who thinks hurting hospitals and rural communities will impact drug prices.
White House just touted huge hospital pay cut as fulfilling Trump's promise to stop drug companies from "getting away with murder" on prices
An idiot.
There it NO cutting of Medicaid.  Gov't uses baseline budgeting.  Look it up.
You say all this but at the end of the day do republicans really care I for don't think so because if they did there wouldn't bthis delay
And this constituent of @RonJohnsonWI
Like its House counterpart, Senate bill exempts Congress from parts of plan that negatively affect their coverage
call GOP senators.  Advise them to vote No! McCain Heller Murkowski 
And this is Willet.  By 6 months of age he would have hit his lifetime max without ACA.
.@SenKamalaHarris THE REPUBLICANS ARE RUN BY PSYCHOPATHIC SADISTIC TAKERS
@HouseGOP they GOP is now the epitome of evil. Kill children to get a few gold coins
Thanks Ms. Harris, please don't stop fighting.
Hey, why don't you let folks like Evan come and sit on the Senate floor or come into the Senate? Let Mitch look 'em in the eye, eh?
Mitch would have them carried out by cops. 
.@GOP @SenDeanHeller
Oh 3 families I know lost their healthcare under obama and couldn't afford Obamacare but weren't poor enough for Medicaid did u care ..nope
Relived everyday knowing you're my Senator. Thank you for fighting for us! #resist
"Fellow Senators, in weighing Medicaid cuts for kids, we must ask ourselves, "How much did the little bastards give to our campaign funds?"
How's your ex sugar daddy ex mayor browny
Kellyanne says he should just go get a job.
Problem solved.
Only in America is a $71 billion increase in Medicaid spending over 10 years considered a cut.  I guess you can't but help spread #FakeNews
THANK YOU Senator Harris for standing strongly for health care for all Americans! So proud to have you as my elected CA representative!
We heard Fox News take on that last week. "We're all going to die anyway."
 HELLOOOO!!!  What about the millions who lost their insurance? Any response? Or do we just throw them away?
This little man is the best!

Shameful 
Why are tax cuts always on the table for the wealthy? You are wealthy, learn to budget & stop being greedy.
BS
.@SenKamalaHarris If we know where the money is going, come 2018 we just get it back ten times more. #HealthcareBill #healthcare
Sorry Senator they just don't care.
I'm not sure but I'm guessing your Republican colleagues are NOT taking these kinds of meetings! They are cowards!
Not a single democrat stepped in to stop the fraud of Obamacare. Millions lost coverage & Dr. Now unaffordable & terrible care.
Translation: "I can't defend this tire fire of a bill but I can attack the ACA with lies so I will do that. MAGA!"
The wealthy you refer to are mostly Democrats from Silicon Valley
provide support for this statement please #FakeNews
Come down to Fallbrook. Can introduce you to more kids like this. No hospital anywhere near here, though.
#IAMYOU, she is everyone,she is on the front lines everyday for everyone. Not for party, for the people.@JoyAnnReid
Thank you
Our whole popluation is on the line get a grip
It's not about what the government or people like you and I think, it boils down to what the insurance companies want.
Dang Shame!
because children are at great risk in the effort to deny 20+ million Americans HC and reduce Medicare by nearly 800 billion.
will it be nearly 800 billion less for the care of Americas citizens? Then its being reduced
Tax cuts help economy, jobs, income; even federal revenue eventually.

Entitlements, well....
You introduce me yesterday to both Evan and his parents, went to bank as I tweeted earlier, now at an end watching @PBS The NEWS HOUR
7:00pm @FOX SPORTS @MLB Game @Cardinals St.Louis vs @Pittsburgh Pirates; TRUTH , my passion sport, also favorite team PIRATES, not telling!
Thank you for taking care of US!
We are all better because of leaders like yourself!
Keep calling like our lives depend on it!
OUR lives ARE depending on it!
Don't forget @SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP won't have #Trumpcare like US
Obamacare sucks Kamala, its hurt far more ppl than it helped! Let's take the ACA off life support and let it go peacefully.
Hi Evan  I'm glad you got to meet Sen Harris; she's up front fighting for you and we are right behind her. We'll resist for u sweetheart
Please champion our cause for universal healthcare and stop lining the pockets of the middleman insurance companies that are ripping us off.
Please run for president in 2020.
Yes, please. I'd love for Trump to coast to a second term.
@KellyannePolls Do you have a job for Evan? @IvankaTrump Explain to @realDonaldTrump children will be hurt by his HC. Not what he promised!
Specially would be so bad, for the poor, disabled,the senior citizens. We need to take this, Mess. Federal lawsuit in the supreme court.
These kids need your advocacy, Senator--we all do! Thank you for keeping up the good fight.
This cant be true!Honest @DonaldJTrumpJr said his Daddy @POTUS would let that happen...He said they were going to "Make America Great Again"
The Kock brothers were born old, ugly, rich, greedy and bitter therefore they and other like them don't care about sick and poor children!
But Republicans are making sure their health insurance isn't touched in this new bill, I truly hope that will be read into the record.
Have we ever seen in writing the details of the senates health insurance?  Their personal insurance that we pay for. I'd kinda like to know.
They have to sign up through the DC exchanges what is offered I do not know
http://www.insuranceqna.com/health-insurance/president-and-congress-health-insurance.html … I don't know if this is accurate but it seems like a normal good employer offered health insurance plan.
@SenateMajLdr: "Are there no prisons?"
@SpeakerRyan: "And the Union workhouses. Are they still in operation?"
Lol.   "Are there no prisons, are there no workhouses?". Just to give them a hint.
YOU ARE AWESOME
What do the kids look like who list their homes when people like Steve Mnuchin kicked then to the curb?
What do the kids look like who don't get to see their daddies because your office needed them to stay in prison and use as slave labor?
Be president thanks
