Thought the R's might decide  to play the game in secret; just like @SenateMajLdr  is doing with peoples' health care. #NoAHCA 
#SaveACA
They should have canceled the game and met to enforce stricter gun laws
But you don't want your own #President to play in your political games. #DrainTheSwamp corruption in D.C.
Every gun victim has a family behind them too
Unity...a good thing
Jeff Sessions Just Shut Kamala Harris’ Big Mouth After Her Disgusting Sex Secret Comes Out
Be better if they mixed Dem/Rep teams together for real unity
That is what Hogwarts did
Let's hope Rep Scalise recovers quickly.We need whatever protections necessary to keep elected leaders safe in these crazy times! #Peace
Yeah let's protect all of the white supremacist gay bashers dismantling health care or we will be in soooo much trouble.
Nothing to CHEER. Your assault on our REPUBLICAN PRESIDENT has created SEVERE HATRED FROM THE LEFT. YOU ARE GULITY OF PROMOTING VIOLENCE
Greetings Senator Harris. Keep up the good work!
Wow, finally.
When do we start talking ACA repeal and AHCA secret replacement bill? When do Dems start burning down the house? (Not literally of course).
When will the dems walk in and start putting their idea's into this? Make this bipartisan? They have had plenty of chances and will have
Except for the 1000s of JimCrow voteless DC fans & NatsPark workers, who are denied democracy & US #VotingRights. Cosponsor #DCstatehood
Working on health care reform together would be the true show of unity. Otherwise, platitudes.
It's absolutely a platitude. A lot of progressives in California actually wonder how well she actually represents us. On the environment etc
Please run for POTUS in 2020. Please.
She would lose for the same reason Hillary lost. She values neoconservative vote over progressives. It's outdated, ends in fail/fail outcome
So word around the campfire is that you got here by taking care of Old Willies Willie??
Not a true show of unity---- more like locking the barn door after the horse is stolen!! If you want real unity get rid of TEA party jail em
yur very nice jobs
Let's hope that "unity & strength" lasts through the weekend.
Unity with fascists? You're trying to hard.  I know you're new and trying to be cool,  but seriously, do your job and stop this
As one of your constituents, I think you should be focused on more important things. Like stopping the GOP from destroying the country
"I can't believe those people. WAKEUP! They'll never change. Glad my side knows right/wrong." Let's take our own advice be open to change
Demand #empathy? Then  extend empathy to all - withholding empathy from people we consider undeserving kind of misses the point empathy
Friends don't let friends play baseball with fascists. Just...no.
Totally! Republican agreed to play ball regardless of the fascist behaviors of the left.
Kamala, I think you meant unity on only the demo-rat party
There's that noble Repub attitude....rising above 
these demo-rats are desperate. this women kamala showed herself like a screaming panicked female. she embarassed herself & all demo-rats
Yeah right. She demolished Sessions. He even admitted he was nervous. Could barely talk. Sessions is one who embarrassed himself and lied.
Yes keep giving Chump the Orange your money so he can play golf, tweet gibberish and create more frivolous law suits.  Derp Cath
Unity... Riiiiiight.
Wish it would carry through to health care policy - R's need to think "we are one" - not divide and punish the poor, and elderly.
Try to spill a beer on Mitch!
I see the Presidency or the Supreme Court in your future. I live the on the east coast and I've adopted you as MY Senator. Thank you!
I wonder how many of your colleagues think you're being hysterical in this tweet... Do not be deterred; your voice is needed.
Go Dems!
what you're not playing! I'm shocked :-)
Your hateful rehtoric caused this violence. I went to the bathroom and dropped off a big smelly kamala.
Key word "all"
Do your "colleagues"  mean the other party (you failed to acknowledge) that was shot  due in part to your rhetoric? So freaken sad.
Stop. You're making me nervous.
Sorry senator. True unity would be defeating trumpcare and all the other lousy legislation floating around Congress.
Unity? Nothing ever gets done in Washington. You all fight worse than children.
And much like 2018, it's the democrats for the win!
How did you do Kamala?
Are your colleagues only dems?
Kamala keep asking the questions that need answers.
U.S. Congressional Baseball Game Final  Dems (w) 11 vs Rep (L)  2, Now watching ; Showcase 3 Movie ch.,Open Water 2 Adrift until 10pm,TRUTH
10:00pm @ShowBEYOND ch. Movie: PET, ends at 11:20pm
11:20pm @FLIX ch. Movie:Hannibal Rising, until 1:05am ; or before with turning off TV
Who cares about the game?  Get those GOPpers to work for Americans other than themselves!
Think they will show unity and strength for 30000 people slaughtered annually, or give poor people in Chicago, capitol police protection?
Back to business as usual tomorrow. It's a photo event. Nothing is going to change because of it
I've just become a big fan of yours, please run for President in 2020 !!
No unity @SenKamalaHarris there are no criminals on the @GOP team we vote your #criminalparty home
If Trumpunov were involved it would be all about him not the charities Congress is trying to help.Thanks for all you do keep fighting.  GBA
You're a good liar Kamala I'm sure that's why u became a pol. If you truly are united how about you go back to work? Pass some legislation?
I disagree with you miss Kamala maybe unity as colleagues unity to come together as Americans to pass laws for the benefit for all don't see
Respectfully, I disagree. This is just a game that'll be forgotten by this time tomorrow. Unite on the senate floor and get something done
DoesThatMean You'llBeAble ToAskYour QuestionsWithoutBeing InterruptedOrScolded? Please!? YoureDeserving OfThatRespect! #Persist#Resist
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris 
We are so proud of your strength & courage. 
Good Luck on Game!
Prayers for Scalise & the injured officers. U are an excellent speaker & should be doing ALL the questioning at hearings. #SilenceMcCain
Stronger together.....has a nice ring to it.
Kamala for President #2020
Yeah, yeah you are supposed to talk about unity tonight, but tomorrow, go back to kicking their ass. K?
To bad the Rs can't seem to muster up the same feeling for the Democratic process or the American people.
Is it Dems against GOP? Because mixing the teams would really help bridge gaps in the aisle! We need to see each other not as enemies!!!
Absolutely. Oh my goodness, #UnitedWeStand that's a beautiful idea. Show Unity. We need that now, more then ever.
Tell them to show you the Healthcare bill please.
Don't cheer too loud. I heard McCain and Burr will be there. Lol. #2020
Wow, do you speak out of both sides of your mouth.  Say what makes you look good in bad time, and blame it on Trump in good time.
And tomorrow?
Madam President Kamala Harris has a nice ring to it. Hope you run in 2020.
@SenateDems Is Wilkie Brown attending?
Try not to talk over the announcer while your there
True. But the test is not about tonight. It's about whether D.C. Leadership can go forward in a bipartisan way 1/
starting with cleaning up their partisan hateful press releases and speeches. We're sick of it and want our reps to act professional. 2/
Congress playing baseball's an empty gesture for those of us facing the #AHCA.
Our lives are not a game!
Cheering for all my colleagues at the Congressional Baseball Game. Tonight is a true show of our unity & strength.
Buy me some peanuts and cracker jack! Really, this game is such an American institution. Cheers me to see it unsquashed.
Man I'm glad your tweet went through without interruption. 
Nice(uninterrupted)tweet. Great job on Sessions, no answers but you knew that going in and you had fun.
Finally get to finish a sentence and it's empty jibberish. You have no interest in unity, m'am.
@SenateDems @SenateGOP It is not unity if Dems play against GOP. Mix up the teams. THAT would be unity.
Yes! That's what she was trying to say... 
Unite against your #POTUS and his pro-Russian stooges and you will get America to be a little greater again.
I'll believe the unity and strength stuff when I see something actually get done.

Aren't all those GOP guys old?
Just curious: Did Sen. McConnell stop planning secret healthcare bill yesterday, or did he let "shows of unity & strength" cover hid deeds?
Exactly! Give me a break. Let's see them work on health care together.
But which team are you going to cheer for? #yagottapickone
If you ever decided to run for president, you have my full support.
Competing in a baseball game shows neither unity nor strength - do something right Kamala - we vote -
If she only meant it
Love you Kamala! You're one of the best we've got.
Keep your eyes open..we need you!
Where do the donations come from?
Swing for the fences!
Seems fair, but have to also have Senate remove from office. How about Labor Day for that.
July 4, independence from GOP oppression
It is a show - a real witness of unity and strength would be if reps listened and worked with majority that voted against dot
Half expected a GOP white dude to interrupt this tweet
Kamala for President 2020
Don't care about a baseball game that 45 is trying to politicize, saying the country was divided under President @BarackObama. also #Flint
Just keep up the great work
Don't cheer too much or @JohnMcCain may interrupt you. 
GO @TheDemocrats !
so, like, around the 7th inning stretch do you think we'll forget the whole thing and let Russia play the last innings?
This is what a good person is made of , values 
Utmost respect for you Senator Harris
The dems will wreck 'em.
You're a true show of our unity and strength.  Thanks for not allowing them to walk on you!
We should have the better team. We are younger and more athletic. Other than Jeff Flake, of course.
Yes and it would be even better if @POTUS weren't on some crazy Hillary blaming/whining tweet rant.  Hard to feel the unity w/that going on.
Or when libs continue to cry that their failed candidate didn't win right?  yea a lotttt of unity from the left
You clowns are the only ones worried about Hillary while under investigation. "But Hillary did it also". Move on and face the music
Proud of you, for having integrity and your focus on getting through.
Me to!
Dems are winning 
You're the best!!!!!
I hope there can be more and we can find positive in is tragedy.
