(plus ty for saving any possible taint on Prez Obama. #MissObama
Obama had the nerve 2 brag about how popular he was PERSONALLY on his way out the door & left a messy mark on all floors.
Hey, ty for tweet. Can you substantiate with a few sources and examples please? Respectfully
Cool. Sources?
and in 2018 20-25k$ added to W2 earned income. Going 2have 2pay taxes on employer healthcare OCARE kept pushing back 4votes
you are a burden to this nation. Get out or be voted out. The fight is real to remove you
How much damage has @realDonaldTrump and the #GOP already done to #Obamacare?
are you freaking kidding me?? You are joking right??????
California needs you to fight harder, Kamala. https://twitter.com/WoobieTuesday/status/846419337783066624 … #BernieCare
Obamacare will implode-millions & millions will B left w/insurance they cannot afford & deductibles that mean no inusrance
You mean millions of illegals and refugees? Vets dying on the streets, but why should you care?
she doesn't she's poloticking
show me how 1 person, could have lost something they're having to pay for
and the other millions will lose theirs
This tweet will not age well.
they won't keep it long because it's failing. Why don't you have Obamacare then maybe you would understand.
That is until it implodes.  It already has created a system where working people can afford the premiums or the deductibles
Hitlercare
7million+ lost plans they LIKED under ACA & vast majority of 13-14millon who gained ins w/ACA are on MEDICAID. #failure
#ObamaCare isn't sustainable. It's sinking, and will break apart soon.
@SenKamalaHarris
#ACA is @TheDemocrats' creation. Go down with it!
Millions don't have health care.  Think about that one.
It failed our family Seriously?
Let's talk in 6 months when your constituents no longer have health care providers taking Obamacare, you shortsighted Lib
Thankyou for your hardwork.  Now reach out across the table  and continue the process of fine tuning obamacare for everyone
thank you 
and millions will lose their care/Tx plans and be priced out of the market. Are you saying #GoodTrouble to them?
It was such a glorious defeat for Trump and Ryan to endure. Trump even tried to blame Democrats.
obamacare FAILING is all on Dems! Middle class is suffering while you all are giddy!! SICK!
but you will tell young families paying off student loans Obamacare isnt meant for them. 
You mean Millions will steal be enslaved to high cost low yield crap healthcare with no choice!
Millions r doing W/O too! millions more soon 2 be without when they have carriers! U did real good!! Soon no 1 will have health insurance
How can you be so obtuse to defend something that is falling apart by itself???
NOT TRUE! Most won't get/have because of high $$. They will pay fine or jump on medicaid which is and will bankrupt cities!
what is CA going to do to reduce healthcare premiums and high deductibles now?
do you have Obama care?
Obamacare is just political bs from the liberals.  It's nothing more than a ponzi scheme and liberals hacks know it.
The cash shortfalls which will not be funded by the feds, now will further bankrupt states like ca/ny. Enjoy the implosion.@realDonaldTrump
Apparently, Trump did not realize that the Democrats are not going to support a bill that kicks 24 million of their HCare
what about the 30+ million who still don't have healthcare?Obamacare was created to fail
Millions will keep paying double or not at all. Crappier care for more money, YAY!
and because of you millions can't see a Dr because of the co-pays. Why don't YOU have obummer care?
yea, You and All Your Minds are Still in Vietnam Fighting to Join and Fight ForWhichSide.HopeThe VoteGoesWellOnStateNation.
Ya millions of lazy no good idiots will keep there healthcare is what you mean.
Yeah good luck with that when it crumbles before your eyes.. Dems had a choice to help fix it but decided to play politics.
should be removed from office.  #SCOTUS rules by #law not feelings.  @realDonaldTrump @gop @foxnews #confirmgorsuch
Tom Price will be the next hurdle.
Dems MUST stay strong.
Use the Courts when necessary.
whew, dems dodged that bullet (AHCA) - please encourage NO GLOATING- let's get Obamacare fixed!! Work together!
they're not done. We can't be cavalier. Keep up the pressure. Healthcare is a right, not a privilege!
hmmm don't see it in our Constitution.
don't be daft
lets see who's smiling when Obamacare implodes, not that you would care because you and Congress don't even have it.
actually millions lost their healthcare under #Obamacare
on the backs of the millions who now can't afford theirs
Politically this was the best move for the GOP. Let Obamacare collapse as it will and the Democrats own it as they do.
Yes, let's fight for  bill that redistributes wealth. How you became a Senator is beyond me.
Best move for @thedemocrats  right now is start announcing how to make Obamacare even better & prove how R's sabotage it
fighting? Start working  , donkey. Don't run country into shithole.
**CORRECTION** I believe you meant "health insurance", catastrophic health insurance.
Because of fools like you, millions of Americans will continue to be screwed. #DemocratBrainDonors
Because of you, I will have to pay for it at gunpoint.  #PaychecksMatter
Thank you Senator
A word of caution to cheering libs & dems - It failed because the GOP far right blocked it as "too liberal."
And millions who don't qualify for subsidies will rack up credit card debt to pay unaffordable premiums and deductibles.
I wish every senator would lead by example and get on Obamacare as well..!
Sure, no thanks to your liberal  platitudes
Talking from behind your high, security walls, while enjoying your federal healthcare for life.
it will be overturn soon don't you worry
now let's fix what is broken for those people whose premiums are outrageous.  We can do it!
and pay thru the nose, or pay a penalty
well until they need to use it and can't afford the premium. Or the deductible.
Keep fighting for us @SenKamalaHarris! #RussiaHearing needs to happen. #IndependentCommission #ImpeachTrump
There is nothing NOTHING there. It's a dead end. Just political crap to cover losing the election.
uh no.
wow, you are so disconnected.  If you only knew the reality of Obama Care. I guess it's not affecting you.
I just don't get it. Why r u supporting a failing law/tax? Many states have no provider, premiums & deductibles increasing!
You're not losing elections bcause of Obamacare. Dems pushing social agenda towards a cliff is why. Change or keep losing
@chompie97 the fight isn't over we must go from repeal to repair
Thank you Senator Harris for your energy and hard work.  Keep it up
Today was a huge win for millions of Americans.  #indivisible
@DrDinD we got your back as you got ours!!! Go well.
@Christie_D22 So happy that Ryan and the deal maker @POTUS posed their first bill. Why do they lie so much.
@shannonrwatts millions will get to keep their healthcare because I'm paying for it!
we need single payer, just give us #medicare4all
Millions of people on public assistance I guess you don't actually care for the suffering middle class which is common with @TheDemocrats
From a Canadian Healthcare System since 1930s. Keep going. The people have spoken. First of many challenges w Trump Admin.

because you millions will not be able to afford the healthcare your party promised. Millions will suffer. Great job losers
Not gonna keep it for long! It's self destructing(thankfully), and the crisis is now on dems. POTUS played all of you!
Please look up: Trump's Exec Order to IRS that eliminated the individual mandate. There's a grenade here. A fast fix needed
#SavetheACA 
Let's celebrate the tens of thousands of people that WON'T die in the next few years.
VICTORY! Praise to all who fought the good fight.
#Obamacare is broken, but #AHCA was worse! What people want is #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll.
@DianaHollins well done Senator!

I have no health care, don't want the crap you tried to force down my throat, and now will pay no penalty due to low income
Thank you, Senator. You have my word that I will keep fighting the good fight & getting into #GoodTrouble
thank you
Many many thanks for fighting for us!  #killthebill #SavetheACA #MedicareforAll
thank you!!!!!!
there are still problems with #Obamacare. Draft legislation to help fix some of the issues! #resist
they'll keep it till the bottom falls out and then they'll come knocking at your door looking for you.
Thank You,a win for the people, The elected officials need to know to be loyal to the American people not to the president
You too Senator; thanks for your guts and leadership 
Oops wrong emoji but thanks much!
Pink hats =1
MAGA hats=0
let's chat in a few months,brainwashed sheep would do anything to say we won against #trumpcare even if they have to die from cancer & aids!
Death spiral is imminent!
Too bad they can't afford to use it.  Now let's get back to building the wall.
and again who are you?
what's your faviorte flavor of koolaid?
Millions can keep theirs while I wonder how I'll be able to afford mine. Neither is/was good for the working poor.

let it IMPLODE AND COLLAPSE! See you in a few months! Epic FAILURE OF OVOMIT's legacy! You are an appointed arse kisser!
YOU AND ALL THE DEMOCRATS I BANKRUPTING CA! @NancyPelosi @SenFeinstein PARASITES let ACA implode! It's OVOMIT's legacy
How come I pay more 4 health insurance thn the cost of healthcare & in a system where I'm required to PAY?
@SenKamalaHarris
LET IT IMPLODE! DNC OWNS this DEBACLE ! Will see you in a few months! Bwahahaha NEVER INTENDED To BE SAVED! EPIC FAIL
You could not be more full of excrement.
to bad millions lost theirs with OBama care!!! No mention of that!
Because it never happened No Alt-Facts please
What...truth hurts so you just claim it's alt facts? Lmao
The democrats have screwed millions over because of Obamacare. Either you fix it or ya'll never will win.
now we need to fix the parts that aren't working.
Too many and many taxes will hit America soon.
and thank you! I see my vote wasn't wasted!!!
yep keep fighting as the ship sinks! Keep voting for Kamala she'll take you down with her! Can't fix stupid?
and millions more won't be able to afford it. What about them?
thank you for all that you did!
And millions others will pay outrageous premiums for zero coverage and massive deductibles #thanksalot
don't you know that doesn't matter. As long as you have "coverage" it can be used as a campaign soundbite.
oh that's right #dems #bs #marxist #socialist #notmyamerica
Amen!
Premiums will keep going up making it UNAFFORDABLE. MEDICARE 4 ALL is the point.
happy to stand up too.  please work on fixing our healthcare. Please fix it for all of us. Including lower prescriptions.
Well that's great that folks got hc . I've been paying threw the roof , I pay more and get less. how is that fair?
Happy to speak up. Now please fix it. Americans appreciate your time and efforts for better healthcare.
Thank you for your efforts. I support you.
now let's fix #ACH problems the right way
Now fix what is ailing Obamacare show Republicans how it's done!
why does everything need to be so partisan? Both sides should work together for the good of the country.
I just hope Trump doesn't sabotage the ACA now. He hinted that he would.
No need. It's already imploding.
that's not true. It's not imploding. If it was it would have happened by now. Look at the CBO buddy.
Insurers are pulling out left and right. Some states down to only 1 left. Premiums continue to skyrocket.
It is imploding. Good/bad news is you will get to see for yourself.
the congress needs to fix the ACA not repeal and replace.
Independent investigation now!
Thanks for all your efforts!!!  Have a good weekend!
great job, Senator. Now, all over #trumpgate
work so no thanks for that.
now we need Bi- partisan support to make needed improvements and have more options for more locations
I'm loving the positivity!!!!
because of them. I will have to continue to work 2 jobs and have to pay for lazy able bodied lazy Americans who don't wanna
Oh please. The majority of able-bodied folks on the ACA and Medicaid are working.
To all the idiot Democrats who gave us Obama commie-care, swamp waters are receding. CU in 2018 !
can't blame the Dems there are some Repubs who hv loved ones / elderly on ACA as well. Gladly c u in 2018.

If THEY wld begin w/a decent premise...like what kind of healthcare do i (they) want for their family...Singapore does it..
thank you!!!
