Including Paul, who l met today. Even though he lost his home he's on the front lines fighting to protect other people's homes.
Mi  amor mi  bella. Te ves. Estupenda .regia  de acabo de ver  con. Jeans  muy guapísima   quede. Anonadado
Yes indeed! Please prep hard for #2020; the country will need you after the orange nightmare is over.
Her or Michelle Obama in 2020, both very well qualified for the tasks at hand after Trump or whoever fills in until then. NoRsN2018
As much as I love Michelle she's not even as qualified as the last first lady the Dems tried to elect. I'd vote for @SenKamalaHarris though.
Michelle Obama is super intelligent with 8 years in the White House up to date on all the issues. Would also have a great advisor.
I love both.
Thank You Senator!! You worked hard too
Great sexy legs
Amen
Thanks to all the brave men and women firefighters... We are grateful for your service
So proud of you Kampala !
Thought Cali was leaving the US?
What can be done about the prisoners putting their lives on the line for nothing?
There are prisoners fighting the wildfires for $1/day. They have no hope of release after. It's shameful.
My angle? They are humans and deserved to be treated as such, That's my game.
No. I'm just a human that believes that other humans should be treated with dignity and respect. It's telling that you disagree.
Thank you to the American parents who didn't cheat and break in line. Support overlooked black men. Mexico needs support Mexicans WeNeedHELP
Yes California we are with you even though our so called president is to small to recognize that he is president for all Americans!!
Oye. My. Love  mi.  Bella. Mi inteligente. De. La política  mi a
Senator, for once, I congratulate you on your concern and interest. We are not on the same page, opposite sides of the aisle, but Thank You
Madam President. Get used to it
Yes, thank you! From a Cali girl, I have all the faith in the resilience & strength of our residents & workers. Together, we'll be better!
My heroes all - including loved ones praying for their safe return
& where is @realDonaldTrump?? Give you one guess definitely not giving a damn about 1st responders in CA PR USVI
Including the 4000 incarcerated ppl fighting these fires who are making $1/hour & are banned from fire fighting employment after release?
Some of whom are juvenile offenders. I wonder why prisoners never make the pr photos...
Heroes - every one of them. #CaliforniaWildfires
I love firefighters!!!
True heroes. God bless.
Kamala Harris wants to put #California fire fighters out of work by giving their jobs to illegal aliens
Fought so hard,
without rest
even as many #homes #neighborhoods
could not be saved. Refusing to take futility.
Thank you to all the firefighters who have worked tirelessly this week. Thank you, thank you. 
Our hearts thoughts & prayers are with our fellow AMERICANS in CA. Sure hope u are getting support from WH, as we have heard nothing fr dt.
That is the act of appreciation that a real president of the United States does!!!! KamalaHarris2020!!!!
You voted for $700+billion 2018 DoD authorization. It's so much easier to burn down someone else's country than to put out fires in our own.
Thank you, Senator.
Just hope they know that hug is from ALL of us! 
Fake hug


#Thanks to my #Heroes @maldenfire sincere concern for me when I was dying last year 2016 brought to Wakefield Melrose Hospital ER many times
Thank you for your dedication and service. You truly are amazing. God bless
A gracious and thankful public servant honors true heros.  Thank you all!
Hey Future President Harris!
Having been born in California and raised there most of my life it breaks my heart senator
You are awesome Madame Senator.
There's just no way to express the depth of gratitude to those fighting the many fires. Thank you for showing up & recognizing them.
And the EMTs from across the country keeping the firefighters healthy and safe
Thinking of your family!
California is so lucky to have you as one of their senators. Wish you were mine in Texas.
#vote
It took you 5 days to show up?! Presser all politics...U couldn't help urself by alerting #IllegalAliens re #ICE
Thank you !!!
Saw your presser today.  Thank You!! for your concern and love.  I wish you were my senator. @SenToomey is on my "shity list."
Hey Kamala, will you please run for president? We need a smart woman with empathy!
These firefighters are true American heroes in our country's tradition of pitching in for others in need. Bless You All.
Good to see a politician who is also a caring person
How many of them are prisoners and how much do they get paid?
Prisoners usually get paid very little and are not heroes.They are used for cheap labor.Period.They only mop up.They are not initial attack.
I love you. Lady Kamala, The Ferocious, Of The House Harris#PleaseRun2020 I beseech you
This!
And thank you Senator Harris for speaking up for 
#ALL #AMERICANS 
@SenKamalaHarris
Be careful Senator.
Your #BLM bros
Won't like you getting chummy
With The Man
#LessLibsBetterGovt
The dry cleaner called and your laundry is ready.
Ha... brilliant.
#BlueLivesMatter #Bluelive

#BlueLivesMatter 
Agree?
Really?
Right? LOL.

Mr Kremlin Troll there needs to bring up his game.
Thank you to them.  What horrible devastation.
Sending prayers for all...
Lead the way Sen. Harris we will gladly and happily follow
Senator, I'm sure you know some firefighters are prison workers. Did you know there are women prisoners getting only $1 an hour out there?
The hustle is on.
These guys and gals are absolutely phenomenal. All the respect in the world. #napafires #napafires #trueheroes
#Heroes
Throw a paper towel at him. That helps after natural disasters.
Heard about one who fought fires as his own house burned. Super Hero.
I've heard of others as well. Hearing these stories makes me choke up. Mr. Rogers mom was spot on!
THOSE FIREFIGHTERS TRULY DESERVE MEDALS
Including the prisoners.  All very brave
Maybe you should propose some legislation to help out the thousands of CA prisoners working on the fire lines for $1 an hour?
It won't get passed under this administration. They don even care about the fires. You need to asks local officials to do that.
Firefighters who have worked tirelessly this week deserve all the praise we can muster!

Great American heroes!!
Yes Sir THEY CERTAINLY DO!!
