BREAKING: Justice Dept. appoints former FBI head Robert Mueller to oversee probe into Trump-Russian connection in 2016 election
You are absolutely disgusting, we need to impeach you!
The Democrats just lost 2018.
Thank you for working for this, Senator. We appreciate everything you are doing for us. ♡
We need to keep our representative accountable as well. Trump will talk to you if you're willing.  Do your job. Don't be a Schumer pawn.
Please keep pushing for a 9/11-style commission as well. Thank you. #CA08
Excellent news…
Sincere thanks for any and all effort you put toward making this happen.
How about holding ALL administration's accountable! ALL bodies governing period, like Senators for example!
Accountable for what?Nothing has been proven. Can we hold DWS accountable for throwing  @DNC primary for @HillaryClinton against @SenSanders
The last time libtards were this moist,Clinton was 15 pts. ahead.
Too bad nobody had the balls to hold obama accountable, but those days are OVER. @TEN_GOP @POTUS
Lol! And when he clears Trump, youll hang Mueller out to dry
Where was all the accountability with HRC's emails, blkberry busting, server hiding? Two faced Kamala. Good is right, let the battle begin!
Net neutrality will only be free if protected by US and freedom of speech laws. Give them to others, they shut down free speech.
And once he is done w the Russian probe, u will be expected to call for a probe of @HillaryClinton
Keep demanding an Independent Commission. The scope of this excellent man, Mueller's, investigation will be too limited. (Not his fault).
Accountable for? A journalist who was told over a phone about a memo no one has seen? Wow.
This administration(?) not any others that had legit investigations linked to them like Fast and Furious, Benghazi, secret Iraqi funding etc
It's about F--king time!
Why is it dems loved the USSR(communist/socialist) not a peep on Stalin but when they became Russia dems hated Russians thats quite weird
I'd also like 2 keep that moron, disguising himself-potus, from leaving on Friday 4 a world tour of embarassment. Come on Va. counting on u.
See, your comment proves, you don't want the truth, you only want things your way.  If Mueller finds nothing, will you apologize?
To be honest though, I'm more scared of Pence than I am of Trump....
PS Trump wouldnt be president today if "accountability" happened in the last 8 years.
every administration needs to be accountable. Start with our governor Jerry Brown.
I'm sure you would have held a Clinton Administration accountable as well. #hypocrite
And what will you say when President Trump is cleared of any wrongdoing by said special counsel?
What's funny is dems are all about these  bs memos,do u really think comey is gonna sit in prison for trump? Accountable for what,nothin,0
That means it good lol
No, YOUR #VeryFakeNews has undermined America. No shut up and stop the BS
I guess we'll continue the cover-up of Obama's spying on American citizens just a bit longer.
Hoping someone besides the London Daily Mail holds you accountable... and not have to make it up like your party is doing to my President!
I am glad I could help  in building public opinion!
And when nothing comes of this witch hunt, will you be the first to say you are sorry?
Ha ha like you held Obama accountable? Pallets of cash to Iran?? Liberal Lunatics
Where were you when the @HillaryClinton criminal cartel were committing crimes against America you silly circus clown.
Thank you for your leadership and we still need the committee hearings
Yes holding the accountable accountable.
If you don't love Sen Harris, you cray
And the previous admin too. Fast& furious, home email server, Susan Rice, payout to Iran, Benghazi, etc. Or are Dems above the law?
#arrestPodesta
#Evil woman posing as a caring #senator of veterans or her constituents - she is FRAUDSTER who belongs behind bars!
Really most you on this tweet saying you Support Here. Pretty much account to all the snowflakes out there get real OK Obama turned back USA
Well that's funny what about the Obama ministration and Hillary Clinton's doings in the federal government what's going on with that? Goofs
The #FBIInvestigation must remain independent and with #RobertMueller, it appears it will remain so #TrumpRussiaInvestigation #ImpeachTrump
His name is #sethrich and unmasking of Americans is about to get real interesting...
Thank goodness. Because the accountability was certainly lacking for Benghazi, fast and furious etc. etc.

Thank you for your candid thoughts, rallying, and hard work to flush out justice in this whole process. Thanks for doing good work for USA!
People narrow their focus to issues at hand, but this statement should be far reaching. All government should be transparent and accountable
Careful what you ask for dearie. Might find out about uranium sales, as well as who murdered #SethRich. Didn't Podesta work for Russian firm
Dearie? What are you, the wicked witch? Cackle away, Joyce.
@AP wouldn't trade shoes with u but power over people positions will b judged hard by your maker!

@AP like u can look in mirror & say you never used your position abusing tax money or things for your family, I b pope
Demand an independent investigation of #TrumpRussia. June 3rd #MarchForTruth:
Good but needing to Better; Sen. Kamala Harris of California;
Understood the #DOJ appoints Fmr. F.B.I. Director Robert Mueller as Special Counsel to Investigate, Trump-Russia Case.Not a Nation III-Fated
Except that Robert Mueller is a partner at WilmerHale. WilmerHale represents Ivanka and Jared... not independent after all? 
Dems need to keep GOP feet to the fire to prevent obstruction & cover ups #RESIST #ProtectOurDemocracy #TrumpMustResign
Thanks for all your hard work. I'm glad you are my senator.
This is a very encouraging start! We still need a serious Congressional Investigation as well.
Thank you for working for this, Senator!
So many trails to follow & so many questions. GOP resistance slows justice. Justice delayed is justice denied. We must save our democracy.
What a waste of time. Dems need to get over the fact they had the worst candidate in history & lost miserably! Move on ppl!
And make sure Trump doesn't just fire Mueller. He will claim to have that authority, even though it didn't work out for Nixon.
Thank you for helping to make this happen, Senator.
Ditto! Glad there are still people in our government who value Democracy & integrity!
Yes indeed. Senator Harris has been doing an amazing job. I am proud to have voted for her.
Do you know anything about Robert Mueller? Interested in whether he will be unbiased/impartial. Heard he represents Ivanka and Jared...
This is 1/2 the battle. We need an independent commission as well.
