First democracy, then the constitution, next the White House, now the Statue of Liberty!  Wow. Just WOW! #MAGA
Theyre called #MAGATS!
Its MAGA #liberaldipshit
No pretty sure its MAGAT's. A parasite feeding off the flesh of the living. Offer nothing in return. 45 & his cult are the dregs of society.
Illegals are feeding off taxpayers. Dregs of society? You've described Democrats.
And 45 is feeding off of Americans. You accept it because he's made you believe it's the "others". You'll soon realize how he serves us! 
CA Gov uses $30M taxpayer $ for DACA. Illegals leeches 2taxpayers zero todo w POTUS
If I truly believed you understood what DACA recipients contribute to America, this would be a convo worth having. Go away cult zombie bot &
After 8 years of Obama, now your feeling patriotic? Don't think so.
What makes you believe that you love OUR Country more than we(Dems) do? What makes you so damn Patriotic?
Maybe, respect of our laws and constitution. Includes all laws, lncluding immigration. You insist that anyone and everyone has rights.
Obama admin. didn't have to hire one single personal attorney....
This particular bill is UNCONSTITUTIONAL & will go NO WHERE..#DISTRACTION
Where did you get this data from?  Wondering. Interested in verifying.
CNN.  The most non-trusted name in news
Gee, such a creative burn.
Am I correct on my statement?   Are they not the worst news Network?
Don’t tread on me in CA!
Why does the Statue of Liberty have to have a gender? Why not just be American? Misogyny runs deep with you @RepJudyChu
One thing for sure, she's not a man!
Watch the documentary available  on amazon prime.  THE ENEMIES WITHIN
Not so fast...
It's not okay to assume someone's gender identity
To assume? Lady Liberty? Is that who ur talking abt? Ever hear of STUDYING HISTORY?  U couldn't pass an immigration test fool.
We INSIST that you SUPPORT our @POTUS
Judy HOW DO YOU FEEL ABOUT THE RELEASE OF THE DOCUMENTARY POINTING YOU AS A COMMUNIST TO DESTROY AMERICA FROM WITHIN...TRAITOR.
tempest tossed - by GOP fascists - I lift my lamp beside the golden door -
Has the US ever put limits on the number of immigrants it allows into our country?  Should we just accept any immigrant?
Yes it has, no we shouldn't , but all this is a sideshow to distract from his money laundering for Russia. Fascist GOP !

Cuban State Security arrests 59 Ladies in White in another Sunday of brutal repression http://fb.me/1krxY7mw4 
yes you did.....the drug lords love you for that too...
They're attacking the very core of our democracy. There's no other word than 'Treason' that fits the bill. #ImpeachTrumpNow

Lame.
and you persist exasperating the opioid crisis
Everyone else can stop tweeting today, because no one's going to top this. @RepJudyChu
All the more reason to maintain focus on Russia.
Please do.. Guaranteed gop win
Given Trump and Co's view toward immigrants, surprising the administration isn't 100% Native-American.
That would require the cabal to not be disingenuous. That's way too enlightened.
He doesn't listen to her because she's a woman and not a 10!
He isn't even a two .... negative 10 maybe on a good day..
Never mess with Lady Liberty; she welcomed my ancestors & millions more to America. She's symbolic of freedom & equality; symbols matter.
BAM, Sistah.
I stand with Lady Liberty.  I'm With Her.
Wow, you really went out on a limb!
Warren should run for President.
Oh my gosh.
Medicare for all
Medicare for all and bring in lots of immigrants? You have less than $10k in the bank, right?
i have 7 million dollars in my bank account
Lol, should have put that in DJIA when trump got elected, you'd have $9.5M now
I am going to give all the money to Socialism
Rep. Chu, I urge you to put forth a bill in Congress to protect your DACA people. Do the work that is expected of you as our representative
And lost
#USA #FirstLady
She's a inanimate object that can't do anything else but hey I guess you got some pats on the back from the echo chamber morons so 
Are U even aware US citizens are no longer free to find work/love abroad?  So much for "liberty" myth. .@RonWyden FIX THIS! #taxreform17
https://twitter.com/Axel39557413/status/897846692174864384 …
Stand proud and strong like Lady Liberty shinin' all night long
Liberty the one symbol of true freedom
Until the Orange One orders her to be removed.
Beautiful
How did she fair with Ellis island


BOMBSHELL! Comey’s FBI Helped Set Up Clinton / Lynch Tarmac Meeting http://truthfeed.com/breaking-bombshell-comeys-fbi-helped-set-up-clinton-lynch-tarmac-meeting/99099/ … via @truthfeednews
Yes she does
This is beautiful!
"Bring me your tired your poor your huddled masses yearning to breathe free"
We've always been at war with Eurasia..up is down and the Statue of Liberty is not about America's open arms. He was spot on.

As will America!!!
R
Judy keep up the good work !
Always beautiful
profound..thank you
She lifts her lamp high to guide the hopeless to opportunity. Sociopaths can't understand...LIBERTY AND JUSTICE FOR ALL.
That's a statue
And look where it got Hillary.
No. She will NOT parish. Will NOT let it. Nor any who know what it is to truly LOVE a country. When you want to murder and war, you do not.
Love this...thank you
Regardless that Trump seeks to cut legal immigration in half.  Regardless that he holds human life so low, Lady Liberty stands proud still!
Hope Trump won't take her down too as he said the White House is dump. If something is not golden/Orange in color he thinks it is a "dump."
How stupid. It's an inanimate object, a symbol, & certainly not a symbol of your UNCONSTITUTIONAL subversive behavior against America
#Idiot
We love that beautiful monument you know your save (Proud to learn and respect our Freedoms as American's )
She is a statue, Judy. What else would a statue do, pray tell?
That picture is taken so long ago
Maybe SHE should get a Nobel Peace Prize?
Its Beautiful
All of a sudden liberals want to pretend to be patriots
Bless and sanctify the Statue of Liberty O God we pray and make it holy and pleasing in Thy sight.
Dems like Judy Chu killing the American middle class by flooding the country with unskilled low wage immigrants and illegal aliens
MAGA
Then as an added insult to American workers, Dems make us pay $84B/yr in govt aid to job killing illegal alien population
MAGA
Have you ever known a woman not to persist? 
RT@FoxNews #FireHannity
But she was born in France and look at the mess over there
MAGA
There is a tear in her eye
Reclaiming our country
what does this even mean?
@foster_kellie
#suck it libs
Yes!!!!!
nice
Yea FYI america never wanted lady liberty. Look it up...
Thank you for posting about my city. NYC for life
@GraciiElizabeth 
Lady Liberty is crying tonight. She should jump down and run off.
No, she didn't.
It's Jared. From State Farm.
GET EM JUDY
Indeed
So proud of my ancestor Emma Lazarus for her poem 'The New Colossus'.,  having it inscribed on a plaque, & placed on the Statue of Liberty!
Brace for Impact!!!!
I can not tell enough women how proud I am of their unity in the face of the Orange menace Trump..The March/everything-Liberty is a Women!
We are missing one statue for those who got help from the Russians .
especially after hillary got smacked.
BEAUTIFUL

This is why twitter was invented.  Thank you.
She is a resilient old Gal, the past 8 years have been torture for her and us, but she has been staring Taller & Brighter since Jan 2017
Need I say more!
We'll make her happy again. She'll see people arriving regardless of race, color, national origin, religion & sexual orientation.
Awesome!
NAACP issues its first statewide travel advisory, for Missouri @CNNI
Liberty is warren's sworn enemy
God Bless America
it! 

AMERICANPEOPLE are Bigger & Better then Donald We The People Will defend Our Country and Our Lady alongside the Principal's at her Footstep
Resisted with or without the poem. She is our American heroine
Yeah it was a tough 8 years, you're right.
Freedom
Thank God for Lady Liberty! What beautiful shining beacon for the land of Freedom and Opportunity for all immigrants & non-immigrant.
Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty. Persist.
That is probably the best tweet I've read in a long time Thank you.
In honor of Mueller Day, I ordered a double nothing-burger with cheese, a side of fries, and a 2-litre of soda. 

Thank you.
Added the words!
Stunning 
As I was walkin
that dusty Hwy
I saw a sign thar
said no trespassin
But on t'other side
It didn't say nothin
That side was made for you & me
Bodacious words &  tune by Woody Guthrie
In spite of Trump/Republicans and their anti liberty agenda.
though she has seen hard times (September 11th 2001) and struggles she still raises her arm welcoming "the tired, the poor...." #LoveHer

Persisted sending the rats back.
Perfect.  Just plumb damn perfect
And shall always persist.
GIVE ME A BREAK. No.
I mean Trumpian hyperbole and all aside, the Statue of Liberty is not Hillary.
More to the point: while Democrats are trying to conflate "illegal immigrant" with "immigrant," smarter liberals want border control.
This is why they deserted to the other side in droves in 2016. The Russia narrative was born of the Podestas being total assholes.
Freedom for rich only
Lady Liberty. She will stand strong against all forms of tyranny both foreign AND domestic.
This statue of liberty is staying worldwide for a lot more than Trump will ever understand ! 
The statue of Bigotry? Long gone are:"give us your tired, your poor...." why would any refugee want the USA post tRump

Beautiful image 
Love this!
Amen. 
https://www.amazon.com/dp/B074J67WM4 .
Grew up where NO ONE's parents spoke good English. Kids: lawyers, actors, AI wonks, teachers, shop owners. That lady means something to me.
Right before the 5:30 commercial break @Schultz975 rages against live tweeting play by play

I wish we still had this view. 
AMERICA THE "BEAUTIFUL "

Land of liberty because of the brave
Most beautiful monument on Planet Earth!.
There is a reason why we have Magna Carta in place so no matter what office we hold no matter who we are we all treated equally
These are some weak ass memes here. Why can't my side be internet funny?
We are all Patriots no matter what views we hold dear that's the great thing about democracy we can agree to disagree
Flying by in our Cherokee 180
enjoying freedom
she is as beautiful as she stand
Beautiful picture 
@kmencyy
What a beauty
And she will long after our #TraitorTrumps & CO r IN #FEDERALPRISON
@sunny @JedediahBila @TheView @WhoopiGoldberg all this breaking news! Somebody in trouble girl!
Yes, she persisted in spite of Dems trying their best to destroy her....
SMH 

Last week got to see Lady Liberty while on vacation, I got choked up! She is beautiful, strong and an inspiration. An amazing symbol of hope
As did @HillaryClinton
Heard: Statue represents Semiramis Babylonian Goddess Wife of Nimrod...or Libertas alternatively.
Good for you, Judy Chu!
You seem to think there's glamour in lacking a learning curve. This would be funny, except people expect your psychotic ass to represent 'em
Rare to see perfection but here it is...
With chains on her ankles.
I can't wait to somebody help us deal with police brutality .
If you're aligned w/t-Rump & his administration then you'll never get CLEAN from the disrespect 2 the Presidency, Whitehouse or Lady Liberty
Notice it doesnt say go to war WITH your country or its inhabitants, it says join together. What im seeing here is ANTI-patriotism. Congrats
A poem about Lady Liberty doesn't make it Law You tell me country where you don't have to speak with language, can get free house & medical?
Here: patriotism

[pey-tree-uh-tiz-uh m or, esp. British, pa-]

noun
devoted love, support, and defense of one's country; national loyalty
It's like she's waiting for a high five that never came.
The majority of the American people know what she stands for, even if trump/gop/&their cronies don't. We will stand with her.
Still I Rise -Maya Angelou
So too will America because in her core she knows right from wrong!!
This immigration bill will not fly and it won't pass either!

Not all people who come into the United States can speak English or are RICH and can provide for their families.
I love appeals to tradition/past. I guess we should take the vote away from women.  
