And what did they do before the ACA?.. maybe they could still afford premiums/deductibles then 
This bill will make things worse than pre-ACA as it slashes Medicaid to the lowest level in decades.
Have you read it, or just repeating what you saw in the media?
Yes. I've read it. The Medicaid part really stood out.

Have you read it? What do you think?
No I haven't, I'm a constitutionalist.. I don't think you'd like my opinion on it.
I figure your opinion is that the government shouldn't be involved in healthcare.
Our rural communities, even in California, are the ones that voted for Republicans.
Your devastating to our rural and urban communities.
@SenAlexander just told all of us in Tennessee that this bill was going to expand everything like God and Santa Clause had written it
That's only part of it, not allowing #Medicaid to be used at @PPact is criminal #NoTrumpNWay
the barackcare has not helped anyone. check facts. check facts!! Libs want to control your every move, Repubs give back your freedom
Well obamacare has been a disaster.
What do you know about rural?
LOL you think California is just LA and San Francisco, apparently.
Trump will screw all of his supporters except the very wealthy.
You don't get it. The wealthy run the country making it good for all. They get tax breaks and invest in the economy.
Ya Republicans want to cut medicad, emagine the elderly who suffers and can't fight back for there benifits
Let me help you with your lies "it will kill kids and the elderly and disabled", It will kill farming families and city workers blah blah
Don't just throw stones. Do something to get a bill that will work. Work together with the GOP. What you are doing will doom the democrats
devastating like increasing ACA > rates, like > gas tax hurt rural, like caring for fish more than farmer? Still holding water
These people will suffer failing Obamacare if things don't change.
the DEM-O-RATS are GODLESS NAZI'S disguised as Democrats.
Obamacare IS devastating
#hypocrisy ACA was horrible for the rural communities who cannot afford the soaring costs, taxes, and bankrupt exchanges.
What about the people who got their HC taken away and can't afford it now? You can keep your Dr, Your HC and save..LIESSSSS
I love how those with their humanity intact care about the health and well being of those who voted for their opposition.
Actually it will devastate almost our whole country. With the exception of the very wealthy.
The Koch bros are going to decide my healthcare
Sure you can keep your doctor.  But, the doctor has to accept the patients' insurance.
It would be devastating to all of our communities. Are afraid that YOUR  donors will hear you and deem you too far left.
I am glad you are aware of this! Rural hospitals and doctors will be forced to close due to underfunding. The GOP only cares for the rich
The Affordable Care Act did, in fact, CREATE A DEATH PANEL.....it's called today's republican party.
Repeal and replace actually means remove affordable healthcare for Americans and replace it with tax cuts for the wealthy.
Let tell the truth Obamacare put many of us into Obamapoverty.  Friend J & C family have medical which is good live in street now lost house
Not true. #Fake News! Make Healthcare Great Again in the USA! #ObamacareNightmare
And some will not vote for it because it does not cut deep enough. Sad
Rural mostly voted for Trump. That is a vote I call just plain dumb
There is no alternative. Paul Ryan says it is stil Obama care, Obama says it is mean. Get rid of the whole thing. Let insurance co sell ins
This comment is outrageous. After Obamacare went into effect a large number of rural communities lost their hospitals due to Obamacare
Yes, because right now, rural communities have been doing so well.
cruelest irony of all. Trump voters will pay with their lives because of their own fear of change and progress.
Medicare for all.....just sayin'
Kamala,obama care voted by dems only into law has failed millions of Americans already! Get to work and help POTUS make America great again.
Please keep fighting! It is appreciated.
It's also a tax cut for the rich. I thought the little "guy," was tired of being screwed over by the rich. Whatever happened to that?
WHY CAN'T THE AMERICAN PEOPLE ENJOY THE SAME COVERAGE AFFORDED TO CONGRESS & THE SENATE? OR THEY GET WHAT WE GET? DEMOCRATIC & FAIR TO ALL
Obamacare beat them to that. Rural communities already devastated.
Yes and letting @SenCoryGardner I don't like it either
I live in one of our California rural communities and ObamaCare HAS BEEN devastating to my family and friends. How about some real dialogue?
We should absolutely let it pass then. Trumps base is 90% from rural areas. Let them suffer and see that their vote has consequences.
....and our urban communities, and our suburban communities, and all communities except the VERY wealthy communities.  TOTALLY CORRECT!!
Maybe it needs to do destruction, so all the gross fraudulent GOP get voted out.
The rural communities that didn't vote for Dems because they don't believe their BS?
THE GOP'S HC BILL WILL BE DEVASTING TO ALL!!! $$$ OVER COUNTRY!!! PPL WILL DIE!!! I GREW UP IN A COUNTRY THAT CARED!
Make it better
stop the lies and hate
you thought obamacare was great even with over 30 million paying the penalty when there premiums doubled and tripled.It has failed
Are you ready to the next President Ms. Harris???  I know I am
Rural America is mainly Republican, they voted for Trump.  So let them feel this bill.
no it wouldn't...read the bill, Senator
funny thing is you asses haven't even read it. grow up and think of America 1st. you know the place ur supposed to support. not destroy

Says a bigot of low expectations
Better than 0 Obummercare
Lock him up!
And what are you doing to support #MedicareForAll ?
What are you doing to stop this? Bernie is on the road. He's acting. Who else is? I only hear words.
And yet they continue to vote for trump. Rural America needs courses in analytical and critical thinking more than healthcare
ya well they're all racists, homophobes, and bigots so who cares right...?
Good Saturday,Sen. Kamala Harris TOGETHER;TRUTH
Can you encourage CA Legislatures to pass Single Payer?
Those who are the owners of the VA and state plans continue to live with the threat of more poundings to it. Use it while you can Marty.
The democrats need to come up with a plan
The only person that bill will help is A Mummy & that is bc they are beyond HELP 
Which increases crimes of opportunity! Effects the physical and emotional state of mind of many. Conquer and divide tactics again!
This is so true..We need LEADERSHIP not POINTERSHIP...Trump needs to just stop blaming everyone and own his boggled mess#
Legalizing murder
AND devastating to our sanity if it did pass! 13 old rich white guys; what could we expect?
Obamacare has been devastating to our rural communities. Take a tour of Kentucky
They seem to vote against their own interests regardless. Not sure how to help those that don't want to be helped @SenKamalaHarris
Just checked - Rural CA voted for Trump - they bought into his promises - 2018 Resist!
They'll vote for austerity and blame the people they've been trained to hate. Sad times.
Good. That's what they voted for. No sympathy here
https://www.budget.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/SENATEHEALTHCARE.pdf …  People need to read it for themselves. Retroactive tax cut for the wealthy. 2020 1/3 cut from medical care 4 poor.
Didn't u & @SenFeinstein submit health care plan of ur own? Where's the text? Imp Dems provide own plans, not just protest current GOP plan.
Trump turned his back on his base. More unnecessary suffering and deaths to insure tax cuts for the rich. #SaveMedicaid #SaveACA
Instead of coming online complaining get in there and offer solutions they claim to be willing to talk so do it or prove them wrong
Since you have ideas to improve the bill, why don't you introduce these ideas and work to get it done.
They'll still vote republican
https://www.budget.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/SENATEHEALTHCARE.pdf … Grandma will have to live with them, or be homeless. They'll probably notice that.
Republican-I-Don't-Care means the demise of GOP!
As it's intended to be! This is a poorly disguised redistribution of wealth, plain and simple. Down with the 1%!
Stop calling it a "health bill"!  It is a Medicaid elimination and tax cut bill.  No one's health benefits from this abomination
#WealthCare
Rather like an intentional, selective culling of the population.
HMMM... didn't Germany do that to their population, back in the late 1930s, early 1940s?
That's where most @realDonaldTrump voters are located. I bet they will still love him
Was hoping for California to push forward with single payer, but heard our own Speaker of the CA house blocked the bill. Have any thoughts?
