Madam President:  I see the future of our country!
To do so, you are going to need @realDonaldTrump voters to swap. I'd hold off until 2024. #maga & #TrumpTrain is only gaining steam.
Yep.
So are you saying that you're the head if a very large movement?
#FireAllDemocrats2018 #EndTheStupidity in #America
So ur a senator and knew Obamacare was designed to fail and have the next pres hillary(u had hoped)would save the day ....
and now blame Trump who wants to fix it. Must be nice being a swamp dweller. Say you’ll do something and never do it.
Would those ideals include strong morals, character, lawfulness, patriotism, God fearing ethics, honesty, integrity? No, that's Republicans!
#Harris4Prez2020 #Harris2020 #Kamala2020   Thank you for being the embodiment of a "real American."  #TrumpsGottaGo
If your seeing anything less than a Sovereign REPUBLIC !You need to get your eyes checked ! Save a Child's mind say NO to Leftist rhetoric!
You sound just like the snake charmer obama. You tell people what they want to hear and do absolutely nothing.  You. Will. Never. Be. President.
It's no fluke that so many of our fellow Americans believe @SenKamalaHarris is our best HOPE.  She has what it takes!! #Harris4Prez2020
Huh?
WE have to stand tougher in Each State.
it's already happening
#MAGA
Me too.
#MAGA
"Fighting for the ideals" is a very Lenin way to say.
I see someone who doesn't have America's best interest in mind. America isn't about government control, it's about freedom!
For who? You and the elite! Another Anti-American Obama minion! You liberals are just bothersome warts on the @$$ of society!
You mean fighting for your illegals and not caring about citizens!
I see you as a leader of this movement. Lead on fearless one
Oh my God. Female Obama is gonna run..... that's what we need more division and racial nonsense.
How do you figure. We have never been as divisive as under Trump. And define racial nonsense. Racial injustice, or rights for all races?
This is why you will lose. You don't get the Obama created division existed b4 Trump. The hate however has grown, from the left
I see it also........it’s called AMERICA FIRST - MAGA!!!!!!!!
Senator Harris, still waiting for DNC and DCCC to state how Dems will make life better for Americans. Nothing motivational message. Help us!
Yes, the Constitution and freedom FROM govt.
You and ur fellow NE+W coast libs will never get it.  Avg Americans care first about providing for their families, not socialist ideologies
You've seen the future? Then you know this doesn't end well for Democrats.

#Resist the #Resistance
#WinningBigly
#TrumpPence2020 #Landslide
Stop talking about failed liberal ideology and start following the Constitution of this great nation.

You got my vote for 2020. Kamala Harris 46.
Thank you for your vision.
and Senator, you will shamelessly use the words racism, sexism, homophobia, xenophobia, Islamophobia to get your Far Left agenda achieved

She can't do it alone. DACA's can't represent themselves. Obama said   "Yes we can". "We" is the operative word. Work, march, call, tweet.
Platitude much? We don't have time for more platitudes from our senators. Please sign onto Keep it in the Ground act 2017. Protect the earth
STOP THE LAWLESSNESS ALREADY!! STOP THE TAKE DOWN OF AMERICA AND OBEY THE CONSTITUTION NOW!!
It's called he Constitution! Try and keep up please.
And.... ideals for women!
You will not be the next POTUS.
Free cell phones?
This country is in a sad state.
You're so funny. The ideals of our country escape you.
Mnuchin?
For the love of God, please run for @POTUS in 2020!!!!
Nope. You’re delusional with fever, probably from the hepatitis A outbreak in your state. Majority of Americans approve of Trump’s immigration plan.
Yes, a movement is afoot! #FollowBackResistance #FBR #StrongerTogether

Don't use Dreamers
Come on, don't just The Dreamers for your political gain. Immigration reform now for ALL!
Blah blah blah. Who is she, Nostradamus?
You see a bunch of whiny brats. Keep borrowing for more entitlements. There won't be a god damn future
We fought that fight in 1960s & 70s. Specific action is needed in several areas, most pressing are #climate+arms, or we will have no country
Your anti-American message will never take you beyond the liberal mess of California corruption.

"Wrong side of history" to respect law?!
#kamalaharris2020 Please do America the honor of running for President 2020. We need your compassion and intellect
so, no more prison slavery?
The 'voters' will remember who you put first and it's not America or it's 'legal' citizens...
So you're prophetic? Ideals of our country, should be about following Federal Laws, while having the balls to call things like it is.
Are your ideals making sure you get bribed by banks because that's what your record shows. What has changed?
Fighting for ideals doesn't seem to be your strength. One tweet about #MedicareForAll in Sep and not a peep sense then. Anger your donors?
I would like bigger government, more taxes, and not have to make any decisions the rest of my life. Oh and free college and medical too.
Well just keep @KamalaHarris in office and you will see that come to fruition.  Oh wait.  You'll get to pay for that for other people!
You see nothing, and certainly don't have the horsepower to begin a movement. All you care about is fear mongering to get votes.
Please be our President
Omg are you kidding. The debt ceiling might explode.
The Oracle of California. Please??? You can't define American  ideals. You are a disciple of Marx.
Agreed
Stop the fighting. Stop the resisting. MAGA is happening. We love our country! Join us! 
Diversity + Commonality = Unity. Focus on Electoral College votes - this is what will win the election. This message will play in Peoria!
Lol she will not make the same mistake as HRC,  she go for all votes because all people matter they're not just a number to matter.
HRC won the popular vote, and lost the election. The election is decided by the Electoral College. Both Gore & HRC won popular vote and lost
She will win both but she will include everyone. HTC made other mistakes than just that, she forgot why she was running. TRUTH & FOCUS #46
Oh yeah, we've got the #Resistance emblem on our shirts, a glint in our eye & a fire in our belly.  We comin'. @GOP better move out the way
No, you're looking at last November...
Not giving Trump any airplay, not answering him but rather let the PACs make him their focus. Not making the same mistakes HRC made in 2016.
If there are debates, enforce rules of debates. He cannot follow the rules. The moderators kow towed to him as all do to his bullying.
2020!!!
Yes. Supporting and amplifying the best in us, our nobler instincts, instead of coddling and tolerating bigotry, hate, and ignorance. 
I stand with you!
Diversity + Commonality = Unity.  the focus will be how different we all are, but how we all aspire; all feel pain; all laugh; all feel sad.
Truly with this madman at the helm I don’t see a future 4 a free America he wants to be king and all of government is allowing it to happen
We see YOU in that "future" .........#MadamPresident!
If you are thinking of running for the nomination in 2020, this 
"Diversity + Commonality = Unity" needs to be the Campaign slogan!
Please run in 2020!!!!
"I see the future" ...Can you tell me next week's lotto numbers? Asking for a friend.
Please, explain.

Assuming those ideals include total abandonment of the Constitution and adoption of Socialism. https://twitter.com/senkamalaharris/status/918232751979028482 …
Yes! 4:52pm @SenKamalaHarris, your acknowledgement just now.TRUTH, 5:00pm @MSNBC ☻
5:30pm @SenKamalaHarris, @CNN Anchor: @wolfblitzer TRUTH☻
6:00pm @PBS THE NEWS HOUR, @judywoodruff ,@SenKamalaHarris, TRUTH☻
Amen!! It's a no brainer!! Enforce America's laws!! DUST THEM OFF AND SEE HOW THEY REALLY WORK CROOKS! @
@SenKamalaHarris 2020! 
