written by Jefferson who owned 600 slaves in his lifetime and never freed them. The only ones he freed were the children of Sally Hemings
I'm going to respond to you in a way bc, KH can't. Read carefully the words that I'm about to put here.
To speak of the slave trade solely as Africans selling each other is a gross oversimplification of a very complex historical event
and to release the burden of what is slavery on many. but lets begin with your lesson.
the Portuguese actually started what became the Trans-Atlantic slave trade mainly through slave raids along the coasts of Africa.
The 1st raids came in 1444 was led by Lançarote de Freitas. The Africans brought to America were forced to be slaves by Europeans,
while enduring some of the most inhumane treatment imaginable. Yes, there were Blacks who traded blacks, just like there were whites
Equal chances, not equal outcomes. Otherwise, we'd all be a US Senator, right?
Let me guess, you think everyone already has equal chances? If you believe that, you're the problem with white privilege.
Let me guess, you spend a lot of time complaining about getting screwed by the man, right?
Not at all. I grew up privileged like you. However I have empathy for those that didn't. The playing field is not level for everyone.
Empathy is fine. Helping them is great. But not all outcomes are same. Such is life
Noone talks about all outcomes being the same. It's not even about "helping them" it's about giving them the same resources & opportunities
So, are you and the senator willing to give your money to them to be equal?
Umm it doesn't say that. But your 19 old robots buy this crap. 1984 kids. Read it
19 y.o robots ???? No idea what you are talking about. And are you referring to the Declaration or getting confused with the constitution
You should read the declaration. It says nothing of the sort.
The 14th Amendment is not about being treated as equals. No two people are equal, but we each deserve equal treatment under the law.
Given that @POTUS only recognizes GOP voters and leadership as legitimate Americans, is he breaking a pact with our democracy?
More like he's taking a bulldozer to our democracy.  Attacking Free Press, collusion w Russia, emoluments, gerrymandering and 24/7 lies.
When will women and LBGTQs be equal to the men in America?
Thats true so even u can go to jail.
Humans have taken slaves as spoils of war since the beginning of history. It still goes on.
We don't want to be equals.We want smart senators to save us from? idk perhaps other Senators. MB. Lots of luck. Grandstanding  is tiring. 
@SenKamalaHarris these ideals are long overdue for conversion into "reality for all." We will never be equals. Science has proven that.
Except for the ones you want to pony up their money to pay for other people's health insurance, right?  Those people aren't EQUAL at all.
Don't believe #GOPspin! The health of all is linked to the health of one. Remember #ERCARE? It spreads disease&Prevention is way cheaper.
Smart thing would have Dems do town hall meetings and denounce GOP hlthcare plans as trying to do wrong for poor and elderly
Just to clarify, ALL means every single person. Not just the rich white folks that have trouble sharing this beautiful country. All is all.
As are African Americans, immigrants, etc.
Trumps gender pay gap is three times what Obama's was. it's been reported that Trump requires all women to wear dresses and heels daily.
As well as the ending, where each man pledged their lives, their fortunes, and their sacred honor unto eachother!
I don't see it happening in my lifetime.
we see you helping to Make It Happen

right now

this lifetime

we need consensus to win

wanna help?
That's right!!!!
You lead not to felt but to leave a legacy, humility and servanthood is inherently dominant in you God bless you abundantly

It also says a lot about individual liberty, property rights, and the right to bear arms-- things that Democrats of today are against. #maga
Yes!
Yes mam!
"Ideals" You are a muslombrotherhoodfollower
We are also all important organs in the body of America. #Education, retraining, career ops & health are investments like roads,bridges.
If you like criminals so much, have them move into your house for a while. Let us know how it goes.
Very true I believe Americans make America great not Trump
The declaration applies just as easily today as it did in 1776:
Quick thread for #Independenceday2017 on a document I dug up and read that certainly applies to today. 1/
we strongly agree

would you like to help?
@RepErikPaulsen can't even bother to show up for his community. He bailed on a 4th of July Parade, so the resistance took his place!
Republicans don't show up because of the violence from the left. Ask Scalise.

North Carolina's Rev. Barber On #TheResistance...Don't You Understand How Afraid They Are Of Our Unity @RevDrBarber  
we understand

we just want it to happen Faster ..  

Do you have any suggestions better than ours?
our country will be great if someday it can get over tha nationalism BS

No we're not. Obviously.
The ideals penned by Jeffeson FULLY REALIZED and enjoyed by ALL will MAKE AMERICA TRULY GREAT. Let's work together in unison achieve it.
It's in Genesis that we are all created in God's image and human equality is in the basic makeup of America.
Republicans don't seem to get this.
Yes, and this ideal has been challenged over the years, but the beauty of being American is the right to fight to actualize true equality.
Amen!
Citizens United gives favoritism to Big Money, thus making us UNEQUAL. Money makes unequal. Is this what our founders envisioned?
India is home country instilled the in your heart.
Ideal_not likely reality.
Including women.
Definitely!!

#HappyBirthdayAmerica If the Founding Fathers saw Donald Trump as President most would wonder "Where are all the slaves?"&"Women can vote?"
But if you print the actual words, the brain trust of Trumpists will think you a denigrating their leader.

But that is not true in real life, money, color, beauty and status make a difference.  Ideals should b strived for and bigotry resisted.
Trump has never read the Declaration of Independence, I'm sure of that
after 200 years? And still is a lie!Unless you are in the 1%
They also said "A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms"
Our founding fathers be ashamed into what we have become ! We have become an oligarchy A corporate controlled country
A sadly elusive goal.
You don't have to like us but you will respect us! #Equality #respect #melaninpoppin #andjustice4all

President @realDonaldTrump Is Sundowning; a Prelude to Full Dementia.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g1QxyzSQZ9g …
Now if we could, FINALLY, put action to the ideals and the words, that would make us truly great.
Maybe we should send this great sentiment over to the WH for them to read...Who knows, they might wake up. Do pigs fly ?
How does affirmative action fit with equal treatment?
Of course DT has never read those words spoken in 1776. He would need a tutor even if he tried. #ImpeachTrump @ananavarro @robreiner
You would make AN AWESOME PRESIDENT!
brush up on history hun. Declaration of Independence said "all men created equal" they don't stay that way outcomes being equal is Dem idea
25th amendment and pence is dirty too
Dream on, Dream on!!!
the privileged and entitled will fight equality for all, only because it will feel like oppression and discrimination to them.
Madam President 
We are all treated as equals, you try to convince them they are victims and can't make it.  Glad you weren't my mother.  Stealing Hope......
You Democrats do not treat people equal,  as long as people agree with you they are equal, if not you want they hung, shot and removed!
#Happy morning @SenKamalaHarris #Thanks #God having u 
our Senator #ExtraOrdinary #MostOutstanding Well #Professional #Equality #Leadership
What makes us great are the people who came hundreds of years after the hypocrisy of the founding bros and made this country livable for all
Interesting, how true was it's original meaning?
Amen to that
Too bad it has never been true and still isn't.
The D.O.I. is a complete statement in itself. Not just equality. The statement all men are created equal meant no king above them only God!
Actually, what the founding fathers said was, "All men are created equal." We should change to "All people are created equal."
Not having idiot democrats win elections, makes America great.
BTW, many of those who wrote those inspiring words were slave owners. The fight for what's right/just had & still has a long way ahead.
Are you completely delusional. Tell that to the slaves and Indians and migrant workers and homeless and disenfranchised and mentally ill etc
This was the 1st year I didn't celebrate. Pretending we're free isn't freedom.
Please run for higher office, Senator. The country needs you. We'll make the signs!
Just Senators are more equal than others. Especially if they're socialists.
women are the largest demographic,longest oppressed,spanning all races, religions,age groups. Misogyny is malignant.
They were full of shit back then and they are still full of shit today. We want a #newamerica
Hmm, they did not think about the Nazis? Trump ? Nobody could imagine this brain illness will take power.Failed more than once,so will 
Except those that sleep their way to the top. How's it done kamala
When our created equality becomes equality in pay, education, and opportunity then we can say we fought the good fight for the best reasons
Then why do you want to steal money from some just to give it to other?
We are still trying for equality for ALL
Girls with big boobs
Well, they meant only white men then but we have widened the def a bit since then
yes!!! :)
Equal not special
Sorry Senator.  In #mn03 @RepErikPaulsen voted to disregard the health & welfare of women, children, poor, uninsured.  That's not equality.
Not treated as equals but created as equals.We then compete in pursuit of happiness.I've not worked as hard as you hence I am not a senator
Well it said "all men"
Sen Harris in 2020.
Trump has a different agenda Senator
Especially that part " and justice for ALL"
AMEN!!
What are going to do about the Koch brothers I hear that they want GOP senate to take away Dem power of blocking federal judge nominees
We have to keep the vision of our founders in our hearts and minds. And overlook their human shortcomings.
In 1776, America was not a Country of equals like it is now. Fire your intern who writes these tweets or tell her to open a history book.
The person in WH is not helping us at all, Happy 4th Senator Harris
Perfect!
Equality doesn't exist, your welcome.... signed reality.
Kamala for president 2020
Unless you were black. With all due respect, let's  not whitewash history.
This could be the most accurate statement you've posted this year. 
Invoke #25thAmmendmentNow @realDonaldTrump
Hope you can find a way you and Barbara Lee to run this country correctly & honestly! Thank u 4 ur work!
A US Senator is saying that, eh ~ did You manage to keep a straight face while You typed that ? @SenKamalaHarris @DeanLeh #Revolution
Except your side is trying to shut down thoughts from people u don't like!
Lets change the electoral college! 
Here's real question, what's actually great about US? No Healthcare, endless war, racism, dumbest leader? Slavery? Please give us your list
Keeping America's laws on immigration is important.My parents were legal immigrants and so should ALL. Do your job. OBEY our laws.
It's a shame that we're not treated equal
The founding fathers predicted trump so well!
It's should be so easy. Yet so many don't understand.
Women, children, poor white and people of color were not included and sadly still are not included.  Apartheid is alive and well.
He has the depth of a puddle and the intellect to match. But intelligence alone will not be enough. A skill for deviance is needed
@KamalaHarris Kami think we have a problem
https://twitter.com/DabAggin/status/882354410302709762 …
Whoever runs against Trump will need the strength of character two fight him on every level.
Spoken like a relative to a President who declined to prosecute Goldman Sachs & Rom st for Mattel fraud
For example we need to throw away the word entitlements and replace it with earned benefits
...the belief that those words are true.
Sen Harris am resident of GA. have been watching you. Am very impressed with you. I hope that you will consider running 4 president in 2020.
.@SenKamalaHarris If only Trump could realize what the definition of equal is, he thinks there's different levels of equal.
We cant tell
words that may lose meaning if Pence-GOP-Gorsuch change our Constitution.
Amen, Sentor. Been stewin over tryin to put this into words. Thanks. Time to have drink...
And our laws must reflect that, freedom of religion seems to be a divide and conquer tactic right now.

"We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal ..."

Then, a few graphs down, in the Declaration of…
I agree...no one is more EQUAL than anyone else.
In your imagination, I assume
#4thofJuly facts that Democrats won't admit.
Scam fable, then as now. The class system is alive & well #OccupyWallStreet
Sadly that's not something the @GOP beliefs...
How's that working out for you?

Unfortunately 36% think they are superior to everyone else and trump's administration thinks so too.
Wanted to share this @washingtonpost piece of mine, on two MA slaves who fought for those ideals to apply to all:

God Bless America!!!!
Unless you're republican #hypocrite
Not 1 communist/socialist taken over country survives the poor suckered by them are reduced 2 slaves w/no rights. Look at starving Venezuela
You are treated equal when you act like you are equal and do not except it!
Like all Marxists thru history, Harris lies to the useful idiots they exploit to do their dirty work, they then kill some & oppress the rest
What would make America great is to stop saying and reciting and start doing. America as a whole needs to wake up. The world is coming.
Harris tells morons she exploits "rights" they do not & never will have are threatened if they don't oppress the civil rights of citizens
Well, not all, but the idea still stands.
In 1776, Declaration of Independence referenced fact our rights come from God & that criminals like her & Obozo can't take them away
Ignorant corrupt Kamala Harris doesn't get the fact US is great coz our rule of law makes it illegal 4 criminals like her 2 oppress citizens
Funny, you dont treat anyone as an equal. Didnt you screw your way to the top? Sure does bring new meaning to equal
Could not have said it better! Happy 4th!
Try explaining that very slowly to the  and have pictures to show him. 
@realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr spoken like a true classy American leader !!!.... #Impeach45 #25thAmmendmentNow #resistance
Freedom of speech, freedom of religion, equal rights for all.
That America keeps evolving for the good of everyone. It's a slow process and things look quite bleak now w DT sitting in the Oval Office.
Have a VERY HAPPY 4th! Thank you for being a vocal opponent of this administration. I didn't know who you were before, but I do now! #resist
Except African slaves and natives. And women... And men who don't own land...

definition of 1776 'equal' and your definition are not the same.  Trump wants the 1776 version...I want a better future version. #resist

#MAGA
Plus, all were gun owners, some were slave owners, and I can't imagine how the LGBTQIM community would have faired back then.

241 years ago today, church bells rang out over Philadelphia as the Declaration of Independence was adopted http://n.pr/2smWbYR 
As my history teacher said during our civics lesson, 'all mean are created equal, but some are more equal than others'.
We are all created equal UNLESS you are gay, Muslim, black, poor....
Amen Happy 4th
Big fan Kamala, but I believe Constitution needs some serious tweaking.
A Prince whose character is thus marked by every act which may define a Tyrant, is unfit to be the ruler of a free people.
Not quite. The right to 'pursue' happiness does not mean equal outcomes are guaranteed.
Close! Maybe you need to visit the Great city of Philadelphia for an update on what the Declaration of Independence really states! 
Yes, treated as equals, all given the same God gifted abilities. It's what we do with those abilities and how we live that sets us apart. 
https://youtu.be/nYXjOHSYxtY  let's remember who we are.  #AmericaTheBeautiful
"You knit me together in my mother's womb I praise you, for I am fearfully and wonderfully made"
Psalm 139 All souls equal
Yeah, except for native Americans and blacks, you mean.
Hear hear!
And while it is still taking quite some time...many of us work daily to live it, promote it and love America and all Americans as equals. 
What makes our country great is the Constitution which helped give rise to great civil servants such as yourself and my fav; @tedlieu
.....except those words didn't include black people. #SupportANewIndependenceDayThatIsAllInclusive #HistoryHasNotBeenKindAndTheFutureIsBleak
+  many people's movements: from early unions through civil rights to the resistance groups today. Our leaders do well when we are heard
We need a new congress willing to impeach
I love how god only deigns to bless America. She couldn't give a rats about the rest of us
And #Resistance created our Country
Sadly, They weren't meant to be taken literally.  Part of the propaganda.  This nation was build on racist lies, just ask the Natives.
When does that part, "we are all to be treated as equals" start? The poor losing Medicaid vs. a tax break for the rich isn't equality.
All....and We, out number the left, the right, the racist,  separatists,  etc! We will be heard for sure! We delight in peace and harmony!

My sister our nation was built on one big lie, slavery, genocide,sexism where the pillars this country was founded on.
