We have to fight for #DACA
How about we fight for Americans first?
#DACA is #America we r a land of immigrants.
We are a land of LEGAL immigrants
And right now the law Is that #DACA kids can stay in America. It's not just the laws u like.
3. Remember, if he let DACA stay, it would be an olive branch but you gotta come to table. So would that be a deal?
2) #DACA is kids that were told they could stay. Immoral to use them as bargain chips
4. Y would trump not end it if u won't even stop resisting laws we already have? Cuz DACA won't be enough. Next you'll want complete amnesty

USA Today: DREAMers make real contributions to the economy, and the U.S. would lose $460 billion over the next decade if DACA ended.
Who knows, they just spout stuff
You seem to know a lot about just spouting stuff...
Well
It would be a cardinal sin
Please state which one?  BTW get you heart off of you sleeve, it might get bruised
Trump & the other ASSES called Republicans don't care about those people !!!!!
Neither do you. Theyre just votes for the Dem party. Let's be real. That's all DACA was intended to be. Bring in more potential Dem voters.
Have no idea how to respond to that idiotic tweet
Because you have no answer.
Hey @KamalaHarris - here's a thought.  Actually do what you were elected to do and pass it as a law through Congress instead of exec order.
They were too busy ruining healthcare to be worrying about illegals.  After that was done, they took their victory lap
Do you believe Washington even cares. Pppplllleeeeaassseeeee

Please use this automated service to resist! ...I always pick congress as option, that way ALL ur reps receive!
https://twitter.com/ashtotheru/status/904508275911163904 …
Stand up and keep fighting
Yeah, for Americans not illegals. What a novel idea!
Shit like this is what got PresTrump ELECTED! We'll do it again!
No morals involved. Tjat is SUBJECTIVE! THERE ARE LAWS
AG Harris reverses direction on challenge to bail system http://bit.ly/2wFtFEt  Suit contends unfair keep poor people behind bars b/c no $
A better moral and financial solution would be to put pressure on the countries these children are coming from to take care of their own.
@PrincessBravato I don't think Trump has any morals, compassion or empathy.
He is too filled with himself !
DACA that is.
Why? As usual, you are making a political statement, parroting Dem party views with NO  FACTS.
But but but.... feelings!
It was a huge moral mistake for Obama to leave them hanging in the Wind in the first place

Dreamers represent the hope, of a generation of illegal immigrants, rolling at a riot, which you and affected local agents neglected.
True, Senator Harris, but when has morality ever stopped DT from making a mistake?
The huge moral mistake was congress not passing immigration reform of which you sre a part of?  Why didn't you fight 4 it
Yes Sen. Kamala Harris, your tweet (notification) in this mins TRUTHFULLY (Family)   11am CT. Watching  @MSNBC  
3:00pm.@CNN cont'd coverage  @SenKamalaHarris
Our leaders need to say" enough" & protect DACA. They need to be reminded they work for us not Trump. Thanks for being one of the good guys.
Yes, and who do illegals work for? There not citizens.
"they're not"? 
Bot?
Trump doesn't care. If President Obama supported it, he is against it.
Sound familiar? Everything Trump does/says, the left is the complete opposite.
That's horrible just horrible and really really sad 
Point made #DonTheCon #LiarInChief
Hillary seconds this!
I'm sorry to TELL YOU Texas/IMMIGRANTS YOU must fend FOR SELFTRUMP/admins NOT YOUR friendsFIND 4 YOUR SELF call DEMOCRATES/KAMALA 4 HELP
I agree,  their homes are here and they probably voted for Trump those young persons !
Breakdown of morality and liberalism destroyed both Greek and Roman empires from the INSIDE.

Humanity NEVER learns from history!
No senator it would be the legal and Constitutional thing to do! That's the right thing to do Ma'am!
Just had to add "economic mistake," in case people forgot you were a neoliberal.
"Dreamers are Americans in every way except a piece of paper." That piece of paper  = the laws of our country, which you swore to uphold.
will you work to make it permanent?
And who do they expect will take the place of/ work in place of all those they deport & keep out....? YEP!
It would b an economic mistake 2 not end it. It is draining n taking away resources from citizens n ppl who came here legally
It would be the cruel beyond comprehension.
We can't let it happen!!
please let us know what we can do to support DACA.
Just let it go. It's not even a law.
having Camilla Harris in office was immoral and an economic mistake to California.
Wow So.California must be conservative to not like her. Or racist. Or sexist. Or all of the above.
45 has made nothing but mistakes maybe soon people will wake up.
No. He's putting America first
If this represents your America have at it but when your eyes are finally open Ooops might be  a bit to late.
Yep tell us about you and @RepMaxineWaters you thief! #Corruption
Americans' confidence in institutions https://www.axios.com/americans-dont-know-what-to-believe-anymore-2348143613.html?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=organic&utm_content=infographic&utm_term=politics … 
Obama created DACA to by non judicial law. That was the immoral action. Bad action does not create moral obligations just pandering.
Why don't Democrats concern themselves with the violation of our laws? If Obama hadn't violated the law, DACA wouldn't be an issue now.
I disagree
More jobs for people in he inner cities and in rural areas.  Yay.  Millions of Americans are currently out of work.
Incentivizing criminality is what's immoral. You've lost touch with reality. Entering America ILLEGALLY is a crime #EndDACAnow #AmericaFirst
Huge moral mistake for Obama to sidestep congress with another one of his unconstitutional dictums-(knowingly against will of majority)
It would also be obeying the law. Why don't you start an #immigrationreform bill?
So rather than shooting off your humongous mouth, how about your work with other senators and change the law.  You're the problem
Bleeding heart socialist.
DACA is unconstitutional @potus44 should have been impeached investigate his illegal activities i.e. Using gov to spy on political opponents
Maybe some of them can move to your neighborhood? No? Why not?
What's been immoral for thousands of years, and still is, is justifying law breakers so that more can't get away with it. kick them all out
Don't let him.

Their parents knew what they were doing when they manipulated the system!
I for one am willing to take that chance.
Yes, and yes!!!
Speaking of economics, you've been in some form of public office since 1990 - how'd you amass $2 million on public servant pay?
Let hose DACA kids live in YOUR home with YOU  Put up or shut up
You should sell skin products because America isn't buying what youre selling.
So our laws mean nothing then. And you want to be a leader? Hahaha!
It's not a mistake if it's viciously amoral.
End it now!
Maybe you should do an IRS audit of all these dreamers to see how much of an "economic mistake" this really is. ;)
Former DREAMer went to Stanford,created 
@DREAMersRoadmap -mobile app linking undoc students to scholarships cuz she's AMBITIOUS!

Plz RT!
You've defined Trump in a nutshell
Of course it would be.  But no one has ever accused Trump of being moral.
Hillary either.

Sanger know about Hitler's forced sterilization program & in 1938 she urged that America move in the Nazi direction https://www.google.com/amp/www.breitbart.com/big-government/2017/09/01/exclusive-dsouza-the-hitler-sanger-connection/amp/ …
This guy will attempt to do so.
Which of these rescuers doesn't seem American enough to you?  Were all Americans!
Do they have a passport?
Nope

Maybe. But, our Sens need 2 help create a feasible immigration & ASSIMILATION program!Can't build on a broken foundation. #LookAtAustria
https://twitter.com/zay_nair/status/903603530610724865 …
End executive order DACA let Congress fix it so it would be constitutional
But it's one of President Obama's accomplishments. It *MUST* be undone. /sarcasm
Accomplishment? Paying for gov't programs and education for citizens of other countries? Awesome.
In the anti-morality of the Nazi world, ending DACA makes sense.

@realDonaldTrump #Trump #Evil #Nazi #ImpeachTrump #ConvictTrump
You may have to draw a picture bc @realDonaldTrump doesn't know what the word "moral" means.
SOME CITIZENS ASK WHAT DO DEMS DO FOR AMERICA? HERE IT IS : SEN HARRIS STANDING UP FOR LACK OF HUMANITY FOR 800,000  DREAMERS NOT CRIMINALS!
Moral is a word our President doesn't relate to.
Hillary lost.
END IT. FACT.
And it sends further word that we simply can't be trusted.
@Busyphilipps25 go volunteer. You're so self serving and complain everyday. Pathetic
If their parents are here illegally  they all should be deported
Exactly why so many were afraid to reveal themselves. What a shame for those who gave their identities for DACA.
The daca issue is a diversion for sure,  should really focus on deportation as a whole. Take them all no exception. Enter legally.
Economic?
Yeah, because illegals are free. They don't use the emergency room as their healthcare or they don't take up classroom space from our kids.
Was it a moral mistake when you wrongfully accused a Trump supporter of planning to murder Muslims?
EXCLUSIVE: #Trump supporter wrongfully accused of & charged with anti-Muslim hate crime by @KamalaHarris  @LAPDHQ @CAIRNational https://twitter.com/therebeltv/status/902230537607274496 …
shut up becky
Pretty sure "moral" isn't in this president's bag of tricks.
Amend! Do it now. If born in this country and your mother is illegal you are NOT a citizen.
Immigration has decimated the black community.  The black community starting to see ur tricks, guess ur moving to another voting segment.
I'm afraid we're becoming mean and cruel under Trumpler. He's not my president. He's an embarrassment
The only embarrassment is anyone going along with this illegal nonsense.
If that is your position on it, that means ending it ASAP would be the best thing for the country.
That doesn't seem like an incentive for 45/GOP. Add some $$$$ then maybe you're talking their language
Be Careful Harris, BERNIE Sanders can't be Trusted!
Bernie....is that you?! What have you done to your hair Bernie?! Bald is beautiful dude !!
... but an excellent distraction from #TrumpRussia
Please...enough w/Russia already.  If U think a Billionaire Busnssman won't have International contacts, then..DUH. #UnderstandWhatYouHate.
Billionaire? Really? Show us the tax returns.
Until then, it's just all lyin-assed hot air.
He is worse than broke, he is in foreign debt.
Emotions don't = facts. Unfortunately there's no such thing as an honest politician. Let me guess, U have no prob w/Clinton or Sanders lies?
Tell us more
Which is exactly why Trump will do it. He wakes up every day and (after several doughnuts) asks himself "How can I be an even bigger dick?"
How surprising.  A politicians that's not in looking after the people.  Legal people that is
But it would remove a block of PoC who probably mostly vote Democrat.
If those are the issues, DACA is doomed. Trump doesn't understand either of those.
Precisely the reasons Trump wants to do it.
As if that mattered to an orange bag of shit....
Putting America first is immoral?
It would be lawful and the right thing to do to put Americans before illegals.
Wrong. It is a huge moral mistake to allow people to run across the border to poop out a kid. They have no right to be here.
Poop? I don't care kids are beautiful. Will pay anything to help Mexicans
Right On GIRL !!!
Yeah girl! Right on! Illegals before Americans!
Unfortunately morals & economics are two of things where incumbent POTUS has no ideas
Thank you, @SenKamalaHarris, for having the courage to take a stand.
Take a stand for illegals instead of Americans.
@robinsnewswire another bandwagon heartfelt policy to cling to and to hide behind, you're going to be an original 
DACA undermines American citizens of all ethnicities and immigrants who came in through the front door. Disgusting politics and no solution.
There's always a winner, so who financially wins in this story? Who makes money on processing & deportation? Follow the money.
U wouldn't think, but the GOVT loses financially by not creating an assimilation program and collection taxes on undocumented wages.
Agreed
What if these children grow up and abuse the welfare system like so many people in this country do? Population control needs to start
@realDonaldTrump is a huge moral and economic mistake.
Trump: "Hold my beer"
*Hold my American beer. Trump! Trump! Trump!
DACA has Prez Obama's name on the pprwrk. We know what MobsterDon does.

Shhhh. Down low. So we're at the hide your neighbors in attic part.
Given @realDonaldTrump and his proclivities, it's a done deal, amirite?
Are you thinking of running for President? I like the way you think. If not, that's okay too. 
why .. you live off the govt time also! hypocrit!!
But its trump
Unfortunately on par with his past performance
Yes, America first.
Trump's on it then.

S.1615 - Dream Act of 2017
Sponsored by @LindseyGrahamSC
#CANExplains #DACA #DreamAct
Read the summary http://bit.ly/S-1615  
This just broke me last week. I cannot tell you how deeply saddened I am that POTUS would EVEN ? it. It's just a SICK GAME for him. Gross
The economics part of it is that many of them receive free health care, Government assistance, & food stamps. It's the land of milk & honey.
I don't blame them for getting it; I blame our Government officials for making it so easy for them to get it on our tax paying dime.
Kamala teach us about morals.. go ahead we won't all laugh at the same time.
Children who are born and/or raised in America are Americans!
Just a whole lot more uneducated non Americans voting
Keep shouting it! You are a force and we love you!!
More people for steve mnuchin to foreclose on. 

@SenKamalaHarris ☚moral mistake
@Aponte7Mary #NeverKamala #SteveMnuchin #California
Send them packing
That's why the moron in chief will do exactly that.
sadly, teaming up with Bernie to put forth a bill that is a complete impossibility to pass w/GOP majority..looks silly, political & berniesh
and a huge political mistake as well.
No. This is more leftists identity politics. How has that worked for you all in the past 8 years? Lost the House, Senate and WH.
Moral outrages are the GOP specialty... in the name of morality. Insane
It would also be a huge moral and economic mistake to not #impeachtrump and #raisecorptaxes
Kamala, I love you and agree 100%. Sadly, it has been proven over and over that very few R's have morals or really understand economics.
What? They're the ones that don't spend blindly like Dems. You all run the economy based on feelings, not facts.
Same with ABBA
It's intentional. That's just one of the many maddening things about it.
That is EXACTLY why he wants to end it!
We all know that but Trump doesn't give a shit. To bad you can't do anything about it
This you say to an administration that does not have a sense of either.
We need more low waged workers?
Yes it would be but then again, trump has no morals.
because morals should govern the country. lol
You can talk to me about what is moral when you don't show support for abortion.
Seems if we've already invested in their education, it's a good return on investment to give them an opportunity to become citizens.
Immoral and heartless.
Arguing with the GOP must be like banging your head against a concrete wall. It feels so good when you  stop.
Oh, please. Do not stop on my behalf. The two of you keep on banging!
The former is why Cheeto Uberlord will do it.
That's why he will do it.
Someone should end @realDonaldTrump instead of #DACA
Baloney! I will reverse everything that black inferior guy created,
It would be another nail in Trump's coffin.
Trump is for ratings not morals.  release stmnt Fri, wkend now on Tues.He enjoys the fact that he is causing fear, makes him feel powerful.
You can just remove the daca part and insert electing Trump
True
He will use them as bargaing chips for wall payments
. Morality, deport all confederate types who commited treason twice. Who now support guy sucking up/on Putin
trump & most Republicans are a bad mix expect nothing good will come.
trump enriches $ everyday broke sec service & the Republicans let him
Absolutely!!
Thank you Sen Harris! We shouldn't go back on our word.
just a dis grace,.
Which are reason's # 2 & 3 why @realDonaldTrump will do it!
Reason #1 : #ObamaEnvy
Agree!
#defendDACA #saveDACA 
Shame on you @IvankaTrump 
#FuckyouIvanka
Dafuq is a moral
Trump and his cronies aren't moral. Do you have a more persuasive argument to present to them?
DACA friends provide a huge $$ Tax base (revenue) for CA specifically / USA generally. Of course, '45's a stranger to dutiful tax revenue...
The m-word is not recognized by this administration.
Not to mention just plain stupid!
The way we treat immigrants, is the way the World will treat the USD/US products. We'll lose multilingual mktg & be treated unfairly abroad.
Trump has no morals, so pretty sure DACA is history. #sad
The DACA
Could it be started back up once he is out?
Have a heart and class, be a real human being. Uck money
Chill, is that all you see us as is tax revenue? You just lost me. There's a deeper mess around that dating back to 1933, Jekyll Island.
