@jaketapper How long are we going to let Trump stay in power & be tyrannical? He's dangerous & unpredictable. We are afraid! #ImpeachTrump
We should be gravely concerned about the future of our democracy.
keep up the great work, we are in your corner!
This is stupid. Did he break a law ....... nope.
He fired the guy investigating him for breaking the law. Did he break the law? Yup.
You are incorrect. But believe what you want.
You are asleep and need to wake up.
I may be asleep, but at least I know the law.  So that is one thing we do not share obviously.
I'm a lawyer.
He wants to be a dictator not a leader
Trump Russia connection & Comey firing should lead 2 impeachment. Trump attempt at dictatorship unconscionable! #ImpeachTrump #savedemocracy
great interview Kamala
The kicker here is they will dismantle democracy under the guise of democracy. Let's call it alternative democracy 
That would seem to be the plan
We need to shut the Senate down until we get that investigation underway!
Since the beginning. Administration intent on dismantling, underperforming, failing. Unqualified cabinet, other positions not filled.
Intentional lack of responsibility. Ex: RPerry replacing E Moniz PhD. Perry had said he wanted to close the dept w/out knowing what it did
Betsy DeVos has a BA and no experience with public schools. Her interest is in private and charter school. Not been well accepted.
Almost every dept is headed by someone who has no related experience or interest in the dept's success. This is an attack against the US.
And every GOP congressman has approved these nominees regardless of experience, expertise, or interest. It's insulting to Americans.
if by supporting the constitution and the law you mean undermine, then let them undermine
@SpeakerRyan is again giving #TrumpTreason a pass what is wrong with him our #democracy is at stake #WhatIfHillaryDidThis #HillaryWarnedUs
We can't let that happen.
I 2was surprised @ Trump's exclusion of the US press @ this lmeeting--scary--it's like he has a Russian-made microchip in his brain...
Pay attention to The Emoluments clause. Presidents are not above the law. Trump needs to be held accountable.
Investigate loyalty pledges.
Weird. Dems are the ones undermining a democratic election. Why are you guys always guilty of what you accuse your opponents?
Yes.  Please keep it from happening!
Inpeach Now. That was the last straw.
He thinks he's the Dictator.
This administration is DEPLORABLY DESPICABLE!
Give me one example of actual collusion!  You can't because there is none!
Right from Bannon's playbook
excellent segment w/ @jaketapper today- we appreciate your dedication to finding the truth & protecting America
This is the greatest test of our system in generations. We must not allow it to be destroyed.
Not sure who worse the Media or Trump...
Media Embellishments for News or Trump's lies....
Indeed. @ the risk of appearing drama-crazed, I believe that there's a huge connection w/ Putin & POTUS & that he told Trump to fire Comey.
@menjicm you were great on Tapper today. Thank you! #KeepGoing
One day please run for potus...just think about it!!
I appreciate your efforts
Heard this song and dance before.
That is exactly why this is so frightening..deconstructing our government literally..it can only happen from inside out...hence Sessions...
I want them all charged ! GOP for aiding and abetting a cover-up ! 45 for cover up attempt , abuse of power,  & treason!
That's their plan. It's been quite obvious to me since week 1 -
With the assistance of Republicans.
Agreed! Which patriot is going to draw up the Articles of Impeachment to save our democracy from this traitor? Looking for a friend here!
And an investigation about his collusion with Russia.
And you don't think Obama wanting to fundamentally change America was a bad thing? You should so run for president in 2020 bc you will lose!
It's simply tragic how the COWARD Republicans can sit and watch Trump try and destroy Mr. Comeys reputation, they have no integrity left!
I loved your interview. Too bad our President isn't as professional as you are.
Yes because obviously potus wants the US to fail. Seriously are you on medication?  This makes no sense even from a CA Democrat.
Counterfeit news network 
@GOP @HouseDemocrats @HouseGOP LIAR! IMPEACH HIM! JAIL HIM! LIAR FRAUD! #russianpuppet #crookedtrump WE must #resist #indivisible
#Russian photographer and White House not even aware?!? "Molly we in trouble girl." But voter fraud is being handled.
Bannon's goal. Trump just winging it!
Understanding that those integral pillars are the Branches of Government :Executive other than the President, Legislation,an Judiciary......
that may cause this democracy government to both falter,also collapse is more than just your concern but the same for the nation.Sen.Harris
They're doing more than trying.
That's a concern to many of us Senator. Please keep fighting. Oh and be careful, I keep waiting for Russian-style accidents to start.
please don't let them off the hook!
What up Kamala Harris 2020
They are doing so successfully due to your republican colleagues gross indifference.
Agreed Sen Harris
I hope he does get impeached, @SenKamalaHarris, we know it won't happen
They *did* say that was their plan.  After they won.
Thank you for all you are doing to protect us!
It is frightening. Please help!
Troubling? It's insane! I'm furious that not enough people are demanding answers! 45 is an insult to the Oval and a stain on democracy!
We're asking, and being ignored by our legislators.
You're my girl crush rn and I love you. Keep doing what you're doing. I appreciate you, as do many others. We will win. 
Fight fight fight.
Senator you're a former AG. If the governor took actions similar to what #POTUS has, what would you have done?
Umm.. Derrr!
More like pulverize...Keep up your fight!
Pretty much!
#proud of you today. Please, retweet. Support something that could be huge.
Its time! Before #25a I want an amend that allows a direct nat. referendum so I can elect an entirely new administration. #RESISTANCE
