Now what’s forced arbitration? They are fine-print clauses that force seniors to give up their rights without their actual consent
& they allow the nursing home operator to keep the legal challenge out of the court system.
Because of the Trump Administration, seniors who have faced abuse may never see their day in court.
This is unacceptable. Several of my colleagues & I have already contacted CMS Administrator Seema Verma.
Be the worst mistake you ever made
Because of your resist movement millions are dying with no healthcare!
Good. The ones who are dying are in red states that opposed OCare not in the states I care about, It's working great in NE and West Coast.
Nice
Thanks! Makes sense.
I'm not surprised.

& Hope you are strongly considering your options to unify for 2020.

Please join us in spreading #PurpleCompassion 
I formed #FlyingMemorials to inspire #SocialCapitalism 

Companies donating a set portion to rebuild US Infrastructure

As we do to veterans
Then you know nothing about economics, business, nor business economics.  Sincerely, someone who spent way too much money on all thosethings
It's a voluntary donation. What is there to know?

#SocialCapitalism

Or.. You could wait for Washington to put bridges before the F-35
Forced arbitration crap is another big business racket aimed at squashing the little guy. Congress needs to protect rights to sue in court
Peeps. The fine print clauses taking away your right to sue are on virtually every contract you sign. Credit cards, software. Warranties etc
After all, ABUSE, BULLY & CRUELTY R #Trump MOTTO'S! #MAGA #MAGA4Russia
Hahaha do you ever have any sentences that don't have a negative #Trump plug? You're literally the #caboose of this #hateTrumptrain #yousuck
Republican leaders in Tx have been turning a blind eye to elder abuse in nursing homes for years.  Gutted regulatory agencies here!
@gglightbulb I've known 2-3 ppl, one was only 24 yrs old) who passed away under suspicious circumstances in a care facility
Disgusting. Shutting down democracy.
What a rant.  BECAUSE YOU AND YOUR SISTER MAYA TOTALLY SUCK, no agency takes reports or issues FACTS, at @WellsFargo for ban, if discovered.
This is beyond disturbing
keep EXPANDING medicare- not CUTS - elderly can live in more decent means / old americana disposes their elders to these horrid conditions
Nice policy
Why is he wasting time, effort and money on this we see abuse everyday that needs to be addressed. He's a clown.
Here's to hope that the senior abuser Trump doesn't get a day in court
@Martina @thinkprogress Consider - @realDonaldTrump being bought by the insurance cos to keep their settlement $$ at min
To disenfranchise seniors of their rights to redress for abuse they suffer in nursing home facilities is unconstitutional.
This is the elderly person's version of Ag-Gag and does NOT serve the patient or senior resident.
If You Are: Poor, Elderly, Non-Caucasion, Under Insured, Non-Christian, Immigrant, Female, Disabled. This Administration is not for you.
Unless @GOP stands up to administration on these issues they can never again claim they are the party of family values!
Sad
What's next? Are we going to start shooting puppies and children? How low can they go?
The potential of a lawsuit motivated nursing home operators to raise standards & do more to prevent abuse.
Here's what @DNC is allowing.  They duped people in to digging their own graves, now they're getting ready to push you in them. Pathetic.
Sen.Kamala Harris, you must lead us into battle on this one. Tell us what to do and we'll do it. They can't neglect to protect the elderly.
That's because he owns nursing homes!

Put up that legislation with the Senate for that executive order he killed.
Families will have no choice but install video cameras, kinda like having a baby monitor for new parents. Everyone deserves to be safe
#trump throws helpless/ ill seniors and their families under the bus!
Gee. You dusted that off from, what? 2008? 2012?
Must stop this as seniors have little coice as it is!! What's wrong with this man?!! Doesn't he have a heart at all?!!
Nope. Pure greed and ego.
@realDonaldTrump so it's ok to abuse elders in you warped inhuman mind!
Medicaid is bankrupt, your idea's to fix???
Evil In-Evil Out
So sad
My mother and SIL have worked for nursing homes for decades. The far bulk of seniors using them are able to via Medicare and Medicaid.
God bless them. They are jewels.
People thought Trump would be for the little guy, this more than anything proves it was a lie, seniors and other vulnerable people hurt most
First attack h-care, then social security, now elderly care. In spite of DT's age he has no empathy with seniors & GOP is happily complicit.
And there is so much nursing home abuse!
Kamala how about one exact specific example with dates times etc.  ?  How about it.?
Who would let this happen? Supposedly, he has nursing homes...
He does. http://TrumpPavilion.org , in Queens, NY says it was built in honor of his mother, Mary Trump. Ha! Built for Medicare $$ more like it
https://www.activistfacts.com/organizations/528-center-for-american-progress/ ….  Here is another article4 your viewing pleasure denoting the integrity #KROOKEDKAMALA uses in choice of "sources."
Heartbreakingly unbelievable
http://dailycaller.com/2016/10/20/wikileaks-thinkprogress-trashes-a-climate-experts-career-to-appease-a-hillary-donor/ ….  Sketchy source, but plenty of lazy, dont do your own research fools to lap it up.
He really doesn't give a shit about anyone else but himself!
Infuriating!!!
yes the mad caller wants no one to have their day in court he wants nursing  home to treat baldly that kind of calling he does to nursing
Collectively how many cabinet members have money in private senior care? 
Important question, given the current entanglements & LACK of ethics! We'll always be suspect bcuz of this cronyism. #TrumpRussia #Resist
You are citing a website that is not true and a lie.  You are in the senate, get your own facts
No one's rights should be taken away, least of all those who are unable to fight for themselves. Patient Advocates should work unencumbered.
Bad enough govt won't advocate for ppl but now the want to limit self advocacy as well.
Outraged! Now tell me again how nursing homes are becoming privatized!
#ProtectourSeniors #OurParents
Disgusting and despicable @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse
This is totally unthinkable. Were the Russians, Bannon, Republicans behind this? So they can abuse the elderly and not be sued? Lunacy!!!
your comment is a bold faced lie!
Not just rump #GOP
The deep underbelly racism of this country because a black man dared to become POTUS successfully. Are we living in the 1950s, still?!!
People keep saying this administration just wants to undo everything done by Obama. It's more true every day. Pathetic.
He has a vendetta against Obama because he was humiliated at the Correspondence Dinner.  I say good job President Obama.
This is infuriating. Who doesn't protect seniors?!! Oh wait - someone who financially benefits from nursing homes. #ImpeachTrump
That's when I'd become a gun owner.
Thank you for fight against pure evil!
Kamala, our elders are not only in our nursing homes, our disabled under 65 loved ones are as well.
Which also makes this likely to happen more and more. So sad.
I had a spouse in the system for 4 years. Nursing homes should be shut down, in my opinion. They build them like hotels, but patients suffer
so much proof Trump is shafting his base - how to get the info out there, and believed???
Keep fighting for us @SenKamalaHarris!! All eyes are on you.  You are the one to watch!  Shatter the glass ceiling! #FlyWithKamala #2020
Don't let anyone believe arbitration gives both sides a fair shot, either! Weighted heavily towards the corporation.
Lets just add to the cost of health care by forcing needless litigation and skyrocket doctors insurance costs along w HC premiums. STUPID!!!
People who abuse those most vulnerable should not be protected - the victims should be. Thank you for bringing this to our attention
