BREAKING NEWS: Trump administration considers mobilizing as many as 100,000 National Guard troops to round up unauthorized immigrants.
@AP_Politics This sounds like an abuse of power & misuse of military, if this is true. Need concrete data on story b4 buy n
If you don't like Trump's plan for ending illegal immigration, get Congress to pass yours. We won't abide this any longer
@PressSec says this is 100% false.
If @PressSec said the sky was blue I'd fact check him.
however it was a real MEMO out of WH. Why is WH printing/ circulating untrue memos?
almost as if they want to create a distraction from something I wonder what.
Hmm,good pt. I was wondering if it was laying traps to discredit media. Or smoke out leakers. Tho it cld be just plain incompetence
It's a plan to smoke out leakers. #POTUSTrump loves our country AND its citizens. Have a little faith in him... 
Why? It is the Guards to protect states from foreign invaders. Which is exactly what ILLEGAL aliens are.Criminals too.
@ArianeBellamar I'll drive the full bus to the border for free. About freakin' time!
I think you should walk them to the border. Your fat ass clearly needs the exercise. 
I can't breef 
@DrStrange_1983  Homeland Security just said they never considered this idea.  Pure Orangeman.
Article is false. Sorry.
fake news! Shame on you for fear mongering
And it is not unauthorized, it is illegal. As in felonious. Or maybe rape is "Unauthorized" sex.Murder:unauthorized death!
as a former ca national guard soldier this would be a bad order for me to follow
any rational person would read that and question it I'm from Calif and sorry I voted for you thought you were more savvy
thank you.
cleaning up the undesirables. Sounds familiar
using our military for his power trip. Repulsive!
fake news. Better climb the learning curve faster. You are failing.
Totally crazy. There will be riots in the street if they start rounding up our neighbors. #ImpeachTrump
Trump and cronies are a dispicable disgrace. Thank you for fighting the good fight, Senator.
all you people are crazy. This is fake news!
If you're serious then you're either not paying attention or you're  being willfully ignorant or perhaps you're as delusonal as T
there is no proof to support the article and it has been denied by the WH and DHS, but ok you keep drinking the kool-aid.
Been watching the fake news huh?
CNN Very FAKE NEWS
Why are you retweeting this Fake News Bullshit?
Watch fox News so you will not be taken in by fake news No Nat Guard round up!
OMG!
Illegal &  unethical.  Puts Guards in a bad position. Puts everyone at risk.
The only difference between Trump and Hitler is one is orange and the other was white
@AP_Politics stop publishing his fake news stories  U R reenforcing everything he's saying about the media @CitizensFedUp
And didn't you take an oath to uphold the laws of America? If you can't, then you should resign. Or be arrested for treason
get your facts right check the source of these lies but ohh you want it to be true sad
total misuse of federal and state resources is this happens! He needs to be stopped
22 yrs aftr CA passd Prop 187, a 'national prop 187 redux demagogue' is prez. DC Estab REFUSED to end illegal immigration
- the images of Nazi Germany grow more apparent every day #resist
@MargHelgen Sadly it's a done deal
@rogue_kytn WH denies it is their plan.
Fake News Senator
this smacks of a Bannon Idea
It's against the law. Let him try. #ImpeachTrump
thank you sending up for human rights and immigrant rights.
Not with my tax dollars
Tell me how to help
really, he should be rounding up the people that are protecting criminals in this country.
Thankyou
@BaracksBackersv I posted this when he 1st talked about this and I was damned ...  we have seen this before @nytimes
The troops should go on strike if this happens
my question is can the national guard refuse to do this or do they havevto
stop this
This is #FakeNews
Fake news - You should know fake news when you see it Senator.
248 hours? Get out of the 'Echo Chamber.' Condemned 1st by POTUS.
Fake news Senator Rabid Ideologue. Your rhetoric is so symbolic of the dysfunction of Congress that you are increasing.
National Guard should surround White House while that Fake President is arrested for treason
This one was a fake story deliberately leaked by WH to undermine media credibility.
they won't and it will happen under the cover of darkness like confirmation and Russia scandals
round them up and put them on trains???
@AP_Politics Omg! I can't believe this is happening in America.
Thank you for standing up for what's right! Round ups with military?!! OMG!
@AP_Politics wouldn't this req the permission of the states? Get the feeling this is DT camp doing a little Friday chaos
GESTAPO
@AP_Politics ITS FAKE NEWS, your starting a war with fake news.
we aren't sending ground troops in massive numbers in our own country. Wtf is wrong with the gop
The GOP has been infiltrated by RINOs. Did it in the open too.
oh yea that's not the gop but I blame ted cruz and Anne coulture with their fake statistics
this is horrifying.
STORM TROOPERS
@AP_Politics why are things like this being leaked then a quick denial. Testing? Make news look fake? Scare people?
wouldn't the state governors have to get behind this as well?
@bizacco that's madness
How about rounding up the white, home-grown terrorists? How is Trump protecting us from the real risk of harm?
Can't states refuse to deploy the National Guard? If so, will California refuse to do this!
@adamslily Russia, Russia, Russia!!!!!
I'm sure the ACLU will as well as our courts
Read somewhere that Pres can't call up Nat'l Guards as they are controlled by each state. Don't know if that is right?
@Millennial_Dems #fakenews
Marshall Law...it's only a matter of time.
martial
Sean Spicer said this wasn't true.
Thank you keep up the fight we the people are with you.
thank you!
I will call all representatives and voice concern
.@SenKamalaHarris This is the progression of obvious agenda R's are ignoring.HowStarts.ALL are at risk.Force.Military.Control.Against.Any.
@realDonaldTrump This plan of yours ONLY concretes the feelings of Americans that you have lost your mind.
WH denial means nothing at this point.
on our way to a fascist state. Time to stand up to this bullshit artist
Authoritarian...sad
#ProtectOurDemocracy OK, THIS IS DANGEROUS! NO! This is reminiscent of Hitler! This is NOT democracy. What group next?
you are incredibly reckless. This is fake news and you are still pushing it. Shame on you!
Thank you!
omg. We are losing our country.
and that’s why you’re my favorite.
Kudos!
I sure hope this isn't correct. But the lies have been going on for so long you don't know the truth from a lie.
I don't know how you guys stop this, but stop it you must
we must not allow the administration to set such a dangerous precedents. They are power-hungry and very dangerous.
The thought of this happening is REPULSIVE....if politicians let it....keep accounting Then VOTE THEM OUT! Including Trump
#termlimits If this is true. Movie The Siege with Denzel Washington. Our pres might be getting his orders from a movie.
Will Trump's children be included in the mobilization?
lol
um I believe that is illegal under the PCA of 1878. I think @realDonaldTrump needs a civics class #resist SHAMEFUL ADMIN
Thank you.  Please continue to stand up for the Constitution.
they already said the AP report is 100% false.
doesn't mean it isn't true. They have 0 credibility.
so they say it's false and then they're going to do it anyway? Seems unlikely.
see : Germany circa 1939
The #USA was never #Nazi Germany. How is this making #America great again? Stand strong and #resist, Senator. 
Focus on Russia. Diversion here.
This is blatantly unconstitutional
so, his fake world view is now made real through use of the national guard.
there is no crisis, so you create one
this is a disgrace
So we'll put CTNationalist down as a supporter of hysteria and concentration camps, then.
