We all need to stand up & fight for California’s DREAMers.
I'm in CA, and I say, "Send em Home"
When will senate stand united to this monster in chief? It isn't if we don't grow more disguisted everyday. Please act. Please.

Absolutely!!! It is their duty and amazed most are too afraid to act..
Living out our ideals means immigrating legally and not illegally. Nation of laws remember??
Laws mean nothing.  She is part of the Party attempting to destroy the history of the US as well as the Constitution.
I would debate u on #DefendDACA until u collapsed in tears.Do u understand why Mexicans come here?
Want to help Mexicans dont #DefendDaca.End fucking NAFTA or force our companies 2 pay Mexicans a living wage. U dont give a shit tho.
@mcspocky @realDonaldTrump
Defend ILLEGALS? Surely you jest.
I doubt you understand even the most basic economics, but Mexicans dont like picking fruit or building decks for sub min wage.
Let's see.  One group gets a permit for a rally.  Another group storms in with torches and baseball bats.  Am I missing something?
realy?
Proud that you represent my State.
A lot of those Dreamer are MS 13 gang members KILLING  our youth with drugs and violence. Likely your last term..
Please start impeachment proceedings. #ImpeachAndIndictPence #ImpeachAndIndictTrump #StandUpAgainstFascism
Even if there here illegally lovely logic once again coming grom a leftist.
They are free to immigrate legally, but until then, they have committed a crime. Laws are there for a reason. You can't #defendDACA
Trump is dangerously unstable and a real danger to our country.  #ImpeachTrumpNow
Looks like he has it together to me
Hahah. By what measure are you using?
We are throwing away this country if we are not protecting legal immigrants and throwing out criminals

Princess, the only person you're fighting for is yourself and that perk providing position. NO to #defendDACA!
25th amendment now!
Imagine that. A Presidential hopeful who doesn't care about Americans or our laws.
start the process for #impeachment immediately.
How about doing hour job and working for Americans!
Deport them all !!!!!!!
That most definitely includes pot users, who have been persecuted for 50+ yrs for absolutely no reason. And as AG you did nothing about it.
The legal immigrants that come here have a better grasp on the ideals of this country then you do!
What other loopholes can we create
What?! What does that have to do with immigrating legally? Can I pick and choose the laws I want to follow?
Those who came here illegally are NOT "members of our community". They are taxpayer pickpockets who've robbed the working class continuously

You are an attorney who swore to uphold laws. Illegal aliens are breaking the law. When will you fight for Americans & their rights?
You're absolutely right we should support American citizens keyword American not illegal
The les get them taken care of, and worry about illegals after....
You mean our neighbors that are ILLEGAL ALIENS that shouldn't be in this country?
Our socialist Democrat ideals protect lawless illegals .Call all Americans who don't agree nazis or white http://supremist.YOU  OOZE HATE
We're sorry, but your socialists programs have run out of other ppl's $$.
Kamala Harris wants DACA to continue, so markets will be strangled, and our (citizen) young people end up having to struggle. #defendDACA
We aren't living out the ideals of this country if we aren't respecting our constitution and laws.  FIFY.  You are the problem.
Right, Kamala - try doing that for your constituents for once, instead of 4 illegal aliens - you know - protect AMERICANS, and OUR children.
I see ur preening 4 2020. Another identity politician 2 f up the country.
They are NOT American citizens
Illegal is illegal.  What do you not understand?  The law is the law. We gave legalization during Reagan and it only brought more here
they are in the country ILLEGALLY kamala the insanity MUST END
She talks just to talk.
What do you say about single payer? Warmongering? You are not progressive so good by
This is some classic virtue signaling
You mean liberal voters.
You are not lying when I got two females officers trying to kill my homeboy big sister
Question for you. Melania Trump is not a US citizen by birth.....how did she get a reprieve as an immagrant?
IQ OR FAMILY IN US OR OTHER?
ACA neglects the middle class and redistributes wealth from middle to lower class. Bad model for economic progress.
You don't give a sh!t about them, you Just care about power. Enlarging your voting base.  Stop your lies
So why aren't you fighting for Jamiel Shaw Sr. whose son Jamiel Shaw Jr was murdered by one of the dreamers you want to protect #defendDACA?
You are on the wrong side of history, darling.   #EndDACA
They can go HOME and get in line.  Enforce the rule of law, not Obama's Socialist manifesto.

Just a poem - no force of law or National edict.  Oh, and that was BEFORE the Socialist Welfare State.  #USADrowningInDebt
The ideal you espouse is to selectively follow laws. Understood.
So do NOT #defendDACA b/c they r Law breakers! Defending ILLEGALs is an UTTER insult to LEGAL community members, LEGAL neighbors&colleagues!
You would rather defend illegal immigrants over tuition and tax paying Berkeley students that don't align with you politically
Nice song by the Mommas and   Poppas...your narrative sucks! Yes build the wall separating Cal. from the rest of the country
And if you're not following the laws of the Constitution, you're violating the oath you took.  What, did you have your fingers crossed?
Democrats focus on poorly educated coming from socialist style countries.preying on thm, 4their vote.But the knowledgable won't vote 4 ur BS
Sure, let's displace our own children's place in our universities for people that are in our country in violation of our immigration law
What other laws should we ignore, and which other classes of lawbreakers should get amnesty?  Just curious.
Only fight'n radical #Dems do is for Owners! Not Radical? Really? #RegimeChg #Drones #ParasiticHC #4ProfitPrison #DeathPenalty #WarOnDrugs
I haven't heard you say anything about American Citizens needing help we have ppl living on the streets! Vets before illegals #AmericaFirst
How about standing up/fighting for US citizens unemployed in Cali, need educ/work skills, victims of crime, Vets needing a helping hand, etc
Worst senator Rude & disrespectful
I'm ashamed of her & all the Dimms representing CA
Make CA a Red State stop illegal voting 
#corruption
Hi.  You are elected to Congress.  That is the branch which creates legislation, right?  DACA isn't a law.
No we don't  have to fight for them they should be sent back to their country of origin and come back the legal way.
Hey wake up. Rules are rules. Unlike u people in Congress who can break them normal Americans can't. America is set on rules so force them.
You're a flaming socialist, a domestic enemy of the C's mandated republican form of gov-"We" is nothing but other domestic enemy socialists.
Stop all of your fighting and resisting.  Stop your divisiveness.  Our country needs to come together and MAGA!  
Right, so start fighting for those who are citizens or who came here legally instead of citizens of other countries.
Kaaamaaalaaa @SenKamalaHarris @KamalaHarris girl you gotta run for office- the Presidency.  Get to it.
Those are local issues, not Federal.
And My God - from these guys.
You only fight for those that you can add to the Democrat Slave Plantation #PanderForVotes
Not my ideal to have people flock to our welfare system from around the world while Americans suffer in tent cities and skid row.
They are ILLEGALS not Americans
Once you have helped my fellow Americans living in poverty I will look at helping the rest of the world.
Your voter fraud advantage. #defendDACA
Likewise, we're not living the ideals of this country if we're not enforcing the rule of law.
Love will win.
We're actually fighting to keep these guys cozy and the faucet running...
..but let's keep ignoring what hides under the blankets.
We will not be deferred. Defend #DACA ! 
We luv u Kamala!! U ROCK
I'm proud to have you as my Senator. Thank you for your daily fight to preserve an inclusive and fair United States. #defendDACA #DREAMers
"We arent living out the ideals of the Democratic party if we arent getting cheap labor, illegal votes, etc from illegals." DONT #DEFENDDACA
Do you support the violence of antifa?
