exactly definitely not over yet!!
McConnell is buying off republican senators
What, specifically, should we leave in our message when we call our R Senators?
the fight for what
Fix the ACA & scrap the AHCA, russia's meddling/cooperation, truth vs lies,the smear of the FBI & Mueller, on & on.
The fight over how libs want to control my speech / money / religious beliefs... should I keep going or "keep marching". You're a hack
Keep smiling, keep shining
That's what friends are for
For good times and bad times
It's not Heathcare 3.0, it's a Huge Tax Cut for the Wealthy 1%.
What's happening in CA this weekend? In other words: "Do I need to drive to Sacramento?" (Because I will...).
Your a self-agrandizing, grandstanding disgrace and pols. like you are the reason the GOP runs EVERYTHING, So in that regard..keep it up
I've BEEN Calling! You dont ANSWER!

The American HEALTH Act!  #AHA!
Oh, and BTW...
Did you call your local office? I usually ask to leave a message there. No live person will ever speak to me.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha snort! Ha ha ha joke.
yes it is ! You're just too stupid to realize it!
It may be over if the Democrats don't find a viable alternative by thinking outside the box and away from lobbiests.
Keep praying to God.
Definitely Dems are locked out of bill Was written behind closed doors No say since 9 Republicans still against I pray  they hold strong !
Trump couldn't manage his on why would anyone think he could for our country Even with budget for healthcare ?
I called again today!
I need a lawyer in Wichita Kansas any subjection. For criminal cases.
Hi. If you still need a criminal lawyer in KS, you can try using our online Lawyer Directory here: http://bit.ly/2tverU4 
We will
Can I ask why can't we pull the best aspects of other countries healthcare and make it work here? Free market has 2 results; price hikes,gov

Idiots.
Single payer
#Orlando isn't giving up without a fight!
 people are organizing for #SinglePayer against corporatist Dems
Give up. It's over.
Then why do you care if we give up? You've won anyways, right?
I was being a smart ass.
Sorry- too busy!
We will win what is just !We the common sense ! Even some Republicans are waking  Dems help please please I pray  thank you !
The fight will never be over until Dems regain control and Trump, Ryan, Pence, McConnell and co are defeated!
Thank you for keeping us informed
Trump wants to destroy everything the first black president of the US achieved, but it's nothing to do do with racism??
Organize, Organize, Organize
is emailing as effective?

Fmr. GOP Rep. David Jolly was once anti-Obamacare, until he found himself unemployed with a pre-existing condition. 
You want free healthcare for dead beats that don't want to get up and go to work ? Dip into your own pockets, stay outta mine.
Knock if off already I'm not in the Mood for your bullshit today.
Are you our president yet?!?! Why is your inauguration taking so long?  
We honestly need term limits, people like Hatch, McConnell ,Ryan ( and many others) have made careers of Congress and long forgotten voters
You are my hero! 2020, YASSSSSS!
@SenKamalaHarris  what happened to #SinglePayer  #healthcare4all  in CALIF??
Keep opposing single-payer so your corporate donors give you big bucks to go against American's wishes.  You're a major failure.
Why not just kick the goddamn gate down? Seriously. What're they gonna do? Shoot all of you? Then shoot back.
@SenToomey What's your stance?  WHY do you want to hurt Pennsylvanians but voting for this terrible bill. Explain this to me.
You're right, it's all about greed with the wealthy's tax cuts and the hatred they have for President Barack Obama! They are so DIRTY!
Keep #FilibusterByAmmendment #HoldTheFloor
Keep calling.  Go for it!!!    Keep up fighting!!!  Don't  give up.
Just keep swimming!
Keep up the Resistance!
Right On
Hell its just getting started!
Just love the Handmaids!! What a statement!!!
Run for office!
It's not over until the people who've sold out America and her people are fired or go to jail! After that we need to stay active & informed
That's right keep it going
No its not
Keep leading Senator!!!

It won't be over until single oon of them are out of Washington.
Didn't know u til the hearing where u ripped him a new one.... Now we need u for 2020 Madam President.
Thank You Madam Senator for All Your continued Hard work & effort, We stand by You & All Democrats in this fight ⚘
Lol....it's over.
#PeoplePower is the answer
Aye' Aye' Ma'am !
You're all going to be marched right into jail cells you Democrats are criminals and your house of cards is crumbling
its absolutely ridiculous that you guys have to do this. I thought we had problems in England but at least our Gvt isnt trying to kill us
We never will. Thanks for your support
That's what friends are fooooooor
Thank you for fighting for us. We have your back.
Even when we think it's over, it won't be. This will be our new life.
When is 45 going to be removed? This is a huge National nightmare. I almost can't take it anymore.
Give us something to march FOR.
I agree! Your life depends on this! Call your senators! Keep flaming that fire. Do not let your voice get quiet
I challenge the Republicans to go one day without saying the name Obama. I haven't seen this much hate since George Wallace. Holy time warp.
It's really just begun in earnest!!
It was over for you in Nov. You're just too stupid to realize it. You don't have the votes to stop it. Your #Resist minions are irrelevant.
marry me 
Kamala Harris 2020.
March 1,2,3,4
i believe....
to what end?  this protesting and marching will not change this administrations mind whatsoever.  time for plan b, c, or what not.
We're with you Ms Harris! California leads the way!
Please everyone keep calling 
Yes #Resist
What is happening at Thurs meeting? We have just begun to fight.
@GOP is literally trying to kill us, they have gone after education, health, air, water and this latest pesticide no ban poisons food supply

it is SOS time.
@RdcvolanoRoger JOIN  PROTEST  DC  SOON. IMPEACH INCARCERATE ALL I MENTIONED. READ  MY  PROFILE  CAREFULLY  TRUE
The Resistance isn't going anywhere just yet. Keep fighting for us. In it to win it. #Resistance #Persistence
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris. I love you and all of our Senate Dems fighting for us, the people.
Sad now watching 
I had a very old grandmother passes103 said in my time after she saw J.F.Kennedy get assassinated we will eventually have no middle class
We will
what kind of fight? a battle? a war?

who are you TARGETING?
Why aren't you complaining about how the "press" kept interrupting a female today?
#StopAHCA
No, that begins when the Trumperor seizes control of the tv remote in the WH and refuses to leave
It will never be truly over until electoral lines are drawn Fair and unbias.
pick up the phone, demand fair healthcare laws.
Zero respect for the voters of this country that fairly elected Donald trump to office. Have you no respect for our democracy ?
Please Make It Easy 
For Your. Government 
No ; Need For Clean Air
Water Or Health Care 
They Work To Hard Already
We thought the House bill died, then came back and was passed. What are senators getting from Mitch in order for this to pass? Seems shady
We hear you, Senator Harris!  We can't let up.  They will be back, and they'll try a quicker, sneakier way to push this bill through.Ready.

We should all be in great physical shape when all this is over. Lol
Please stop the resistance and try to help make America great again!! We, all of us are Americans!! We need to make America better!!
What r u fighting for? A dead Obamacare? Is dead! Ppl can't afford it .. by design ..
What "fight" are you referring to?
Keep fighting; give us issues, battles & talking points. Make those politicians feel guilty & know their jobs are in jeopardy.
What is the best phone #s to call 2 harass these senators? Pls advise. I'm on it!
IMPEACHMENT THE LIAR IN CHIEF! AMERICA HAS HAD ENOUGH OF THIS SHIT SHOW! #NOTMYPRESIDENT
Absolutely, positively, without a doubt !
R we (Dems) doing same thing GOP did .. saying bad, bad, bad ... not working on revisions to ACA to counter with? Tribal warfare, no plan?
It's only begun. I know I am tired and it is less than six months in. Call your Republican senator. Tell them to vote no.
FACT
Thank you.


CALL Congress @ (202) 224-3121
Address HC inflation
Pharmaceutical MONOPOLY Pricing
&
AMA's Price Fixing RUC & RVS Committees
Stop Extortion
It will not be over as long as Donald is 45.
Ahahahahahah
"...remember the ladies..." Nevertheless, WE will persist!
PARTNERS; Sen.Kamala Harris of Oakland, California
@ESPN #NCAA College World Series Game 2, Florida vs LSU
The fight is never over!
Over, over, over. Dems have no plans except identity politics and advancing govt and the non-working.
It's only just begun.
Oh but it is. Obamacare is a dumpster fire n it's your team's fault #TooMuchGvt
#HarrisBiden2020!!!
Maybe Dems should come up with a plan to fix the ACA, then present it to Republicans & work together!
I will if you will
I really like your style 
@SenKamalaHarris The real and much harder fight will start when you have to clean all the mess this administration left over.
Will be awful
Lulz. Get a hobby.
So are there actual plans for a healthcare march? We need one.
Disgusting people you all are. WE the people elected our leader. Deal with it. You have him 7.5 more years. 
In fact, it's gaining momentum!
How about you do something that doesn't cost tax payers? Impossible, you are overpaid and in a short time...FIRED. see ya, but wont
Yes it is.
Oh, we will.
#TheResistance
What's your number? I'm free Friday. You buy tho because you rich and I'm po.
Mandatory vs Optional mmmmm let me see
So, what are you fighting for?
yes ma'am. .you got that. .
OMG,are you really going to do something to help the UCSF IT workers whose jobs were outsourced overseas to India?That's great.
GOP kept saying they would repeal & replace ACA. Have had years to craft legislation.  Came up with bupkus. A steaming pile of bupkus.
It is 4 you

Vote your #criminal party home/prison/ institution they are all nut cases &we need ppl to work 4america not complain 4america
not by a long shot.
Encourage active citizens to own their government!
we have to take the fight ALL the WAY to the end..impeachment or elections which ever come first..these blood sucking vampires need to go
Yes!
March to join your precious aca
Keep resisting
2020! OH YEAH!!
We will
#resist
You are amazing. Thanks for standing up for our healthcare.
From insanity rise fresh talent. That would be you. Keep it up, history is being written and you are a main character.
Love you Kamala! Maybe we'll get to call you Madam President one day. 
The democrats need to offer up an alternative plan
what is your plan lamar?
I think that we should have the plan that Congress have . We are a third world country when it comes to healthcare
What's ironic is some 20m withdrawal from an overseas bank to pay for Jared Kushners attorney fees,while US fears for their lives/healthcare
You too! We need you! Please keep growing as a leader so we have HOPE for the future! 
Trumpcare is dead in the water. Now we need you to fix ACA
Exactly
We will. #resist
Thank you for fighting for us!
The disabled need us! Those suffering need us! We MUST fight for those who can't fight for themselves! #Resist
#SaveMedicaid #NoToDeathcare
Those who judge say they hope the healthcare bill passes that it is our imaginations Well I told them try being disabled or a senior a vet ?
When are you going to run for president? You have my vote!
