Ive found it! Actual evidence that Lefties really do live n Opposite World.
Or let’s call it what it really is, National Security 
oh libturd..you are very tiresome..and boring....kamy waters/booker 2020....ahahahahahahahaha....move the whitehouse to watts....

Dear America, 

I would like to introduce you to 
Nellie Ohr. She is the wife of DOJ Deputy #BruceOhr…
Done, but if she’s going to be famous she should fix herself up a bit, don’t you think?

This is why Californians suck sooo bad!   How can they elect people like @SenKamalaHarris ??  Time for CA to be given in equal parts to Mexico and Canada


Did you write this sober? Think again!
Respectfully SEN Harris you must be insane
BULLSH*T! Shame on you.  If anyone hathed ISIS it was Obama.  After all, the Taliban were all "Junior Varsity", right!? Trump walked into Obama's mess, stop lying.
Wow, that’s a lot of stupid in such a short tweet. It doesn’t ban anyone based on religion, it’s based on country of origin. And if it was from ISIS, wouldn’t be a ban on Christians and Jews? Stop spreading lies.
How in the hell did you get elected?
That's already known,slept her way to the top
What in the world kind of a statement is this? Are you kidding me Kamala? Has your account been hacked? Damn girl, you're showing your ass.
No way you're going to be President with statements like that. Keep trying the Gop ppl are very tolerant.. Keep it up and you can save yourself some imbarrasment in 2020..it would be worse than the HRC beat down
Well ,get all the money you can this time around !!!! There is no way in Hell we will let you be a lifer !!!! #MAGA 

This is amazing


You’re delusional.
After yesterday's NYC bombing we need to expand the travel ban to include more countries. Like Bangladesh #maga

Oh good grief. What is wrong with the Dems? They feel so entitled, there is no 'bridge too far,' for them.
Your ability to drop into the ugliest possible talk, dripping w/ Slime & vitriol, always promulgating filthy accusations & thought...is incredible! Your truly a dark / evil / seething / sulphuric agent of corrosion of America's decline. Surely everything you touch, dies!
If it’s a “Muslim ban” then why aren’t all majority muslim countries included?
Bet you're a big fan of chain migration and Chuckies immigration lottery,  how are those two gems working out for you! Spin that Kammy
And you’re a public representative 
Sen. Harris You should really ask for your money back from the educational institution that offer the degree to you because clearly didn’t teach you anything only a psychotic could say something like that about President, you really should AVOID RUNNING 2020 #MAGA2020
All Muslims should go Home. Take Obama with them. They are destroying these counrty. I live with them for many years, I know what they are doing. Democrats corruption at its best. #sad
Ugh. We need to expand this ban to include idiotic senators...
And you're a senator? You're saying that ISIS a branch of Islam would've developed a strategy of preventing their fighters (i.e. Muslims) from entering into a target of conquest? You are clearly a present danger to the United States of America. Please leave.


Harris is mentally unfit for any political office.
Nah, that was Obama giving ISIS guns from Libya.  You know, that whole Benghazi thing that got an ambassador killed.

You were probably hatched in a basement also
Baseless inflammatory statements don't make you look presidential. I'm not sure you could look presidential no matter what you say.
#AsYouWere

Shows The Lack Of Integrity Of This Moron.  Obama Did The Same Thing, But There Is Never A Discussion About That!  BTW, It Isnt A "Muslim" Ban. The Two Most Populous Muslim Countries Aren't On The List!  It's A Ban For Countries W/ Known Terrorist Ties, Financial, & Otherwise!
You are some sort of special, aren’t you....
You continue to amaze everyone with your new levels of stupidity. Thank You.
woman you are sick...
ACTUALLY CONGRESS RESTRICTED TRAVEL TOO TERRORIST COUNTRIES. THE PRESIDENT UNLIKE OBAMA RESPECTS THEIR OPINION AND PROTECTS TRAVEL INTO OUR COUNTRY FROM THOSE COUNTRIES. IF CONGRESS WOULD LIKE TO CHANGE THEIR OPINIONS OF THOSE COUNTRIES I'M SURE THE PRESIDENT WOULD AGREE :)

Oh is that where obama got it? He did same countries and banned more then once. Where was ur complaints then pls i am waiting.
You really can't be this stupid
Thank you for proving daily that you're a paid shill to destroy US!
Kamala,stop talking about Obama like this....you know perfectly well he had to because of the terrorists attacks he was dealing with.
Talk about stuff that comes back to haunt you! LOL
Say the word I’m ready to put them into camp in the Sierra Desert
Kamala believe it or not but We the People remember things and if you run for president many of us will get the word out about you and your beliefs..thing is we wont have to lie like you do..
You are truly out of touch .. I would give a full day to educate you on real American thoughts , you don’t have any.
Kamala Harris was hatched in the basement headquarters of isis---By the way, Kamala Harris clearly supports isis---Only isis supporters capitalize "isis"---The fact that she capitalized it is a dead giveaway.
Soon you will see how much trouble your big mouth gets you when you discover how many Trump supporters are truly here in California, not to mention how conservatives are awake to .. #VoteYouOut  your days are numbered 
What?! Ahahahaha that is dumbest thing I've heard in a long time, wow..
You are a vile ignorant woman

I am guessing ISIS would love it that the democrats are purposely pretending this is a muslim ban when 9 of the most populated muslim countries are not on the ban.Syria is 20% christian btw
I guess you think the Supreme Court decision was hatched in the ISIS basement too
You should be ashamed of yourself for this comment. You will never be a leader. A leader is respectful and kind.
There would have been no isis 
If bama & hillary hadn't destabilized half the muslim world
Read ur history
How can you be on Congress snd be so ignorant? Shame on you!
This opinion may not go over very well with the families and friends of victims...and not just in the US.
Old Harris wants a repeat of the NYC Bomber. She always defends anti-American issues and people.
No. Obama took ISIS basement headquarters with him when he moved out of the WH.
Yeah that’s it, not #Obama letting in the #scum #VoteOutDemocrats2018
? 
You will never be President!
Aren't you under the investigation for fraud & corruption? What a disgusting person you are. Shameless!
You’re just another piece of crap from California
But It’s Not A Muslim Ban...Oh Wait...I Get It...Your Baiting Us... #EndChainMigration
Stupidest tweet ever. BTW http://www.oann.com/iraqis-celebrate-liberation-after-country-declares-isis-defeated/ …

Huh?? 
Update - ISIS no longer has an HQ thanks to @realDonaldTrump @potus and no thanks to you mentor @POTUS44
You, are, pathetic
Kamala nothing that comes out of your corrupt mouth will cause us patriots to vote for you Look what you have done to California All those illegals taken over California How's Jerry your you know
Wow, I’ve never seen a tweet with such negative traction. You win!
And you would have been there
Was that your opinion when the policy was Obamas idea?
You do realize Obama “authored” the travel ban that @POTUS @realDonaldTrump has put into effect?  More Propaganda from @TheDemocrats.  If it was a Muslim ban, no Muslims would be able to come into the country.  You must be smoking with #Liawatha Warren (a.k.a #Pocahontas)
I think she has a very low IQ. She don’t make sense.
That is one of the stupidest things I have ever read.  We are all now dumber for having read that.  Thanks.
A DA comment, we want the ban to protect our country. What happened today in NYC? Leave America already!
POS Racist!
This is probably the stupidest thing I have read all day....and it’s a Monday in 2017. Bravo 
#stupidity #youtakethecake #MAGA
I’m convinced all you Senators are dirty, just takes time for it to come out...... and it’s starting out pretty good!
I think ALL CONGRESS should have yearly IRS. audits! Find the fools taking bribes and PROSECUTE!
Should forefit all pay, retirement and benefits upon conviction!
LAY OFF THE CRACK PLEASE, KAMALA.
What is your problem kamala Harris . You are a nut case that’s for sure.
Please stop this BS talk.
Dear @SenateDems @SenateFloor time to start holding your members accountable for their reckless comments & allegations. @SenateMajLdr
1-it’s not a “Muslim ban” so entire premise is BS 2-you missed the key word “temporary 3-the countries do not have accurate records on citizens so the temporary ban encourages those countries to quickly implement a reliable structure so their citizens can travel the world freely
You may be the weirdest person in government
Truly you can't be serious!? Unlike you @POTUS @realDonaldTrump is doing everything he can to protect Americans!
Kamala, seriously, if you had a brain you would take it out and play with it.

This is disgusting. As are you for uttering.
ROFL ... why would ISIS ban Muslims??? You may want to rethink this statement
whhhaaaaat!!!
No that would be your candidacy for office!
Too late. President Trump just blew up their basement.
Your race baiting could have been hatched in the basement of the KKK. No “Muslim” ban exists. You know it, we know it, but many believe your rhetoric.
Why do you hate the U.S.A. So much?
Please give us just 1 reason to believe that Muslim migration into this country would benefit anyone except you and ppl like you who want votes. I’ll be waiting.
Damnit kamala, didn't you check in with Lizzy or chuckles before you tweeted this? You are so missing the current narrative....
I don’t know who is dumber and more misinformed, you or the morons who voted for you.
How many people will actually care what you say
AND you think you're going to be President You're a JOKE!
You will have to ask Obama if they held it in his basement letting all the illegals in.
People who like this tweet are stupid as her..
Don't you mean Obama's basement? He is the silent leader of ISIS, right? Just wondering? 
This tweet may as well been hatched in the basement HQ of Stupidville.
Please run for POTUS Kamala....please please please.
Hey Kamala 
You mean Akayed Ullah's plan may as well have been hatched in the basement headquarters of ISIS or just his basement.
Anyone that calls it a Muslim ban is a liar.
Good Lord woman your an idiot....it's not a muslim ban and you know it and what's more is we all know you know it..makes you lower than 
#MAGA 
That does not even make sense,,
Have you lost your mind?

You dropped your crack pipe
Shameful
Wtf??!! U need to go home and stay there.
Pure politics because you can't be that stupid.
whatcha been smoking baby girl
Senator Harris, the muslim ban as u call it also includes North Korea, would u like San Francisco to be a haven for agents of Kim Jong Un, as we saw this morning NYC is for IsIs.
And when we think you can't get even more ignorant, boom you open your mouth again and prove us wrong
Why is a tweet from Feb being rehashed as if it just happened?
Writing this down in case you ever want to run for president. I will make sure everyone I meet knows what you stand for. Stand on the side of the street and yell it out. You're a hateful person.
These people are dispictable
What does this even mean?  How warped can the left go to become even less relevant?
ISIS which was created and giving arms by CIA, Hillary, John McCain and Barrack Hussein Oblunder!
You're an embarrassment to CA. I never thought someone could make me want Boxer back. But, you do make me want to move out of this regressive State.
I've always heard .  Somebody called ISIS just the JV team and than they became a big problem.  Wonder if whoever called ISIS the JV team is in that basement of yours?
Ohhhhh Noooooo! Kamala, I thought you were better than that. 
