People are so dumb.  They buy his lies hook line and sinker.  And then we all die when we go bankrupt and lose access to health care.
Its not even about buying the lie. His base and even some center right voters want a POTUS who hates the poor and marignalized
Lots of his supporters will be hurt. He sold his  to hard working Americans. Maybe this is what it will take to make his cult open their 
I wouldnt hold my breath. Trump supporters have been voting against their interests for decades.
The idea of blk/brown ppl being equal with them economically or socially compels them to lay in the mud with us underneath.
Unfortunately, I agree with you. Their hate or maybe more "fear" of "other races" compels them 2 make sick choices! They do not choose to
Open their eyes or hearts to good people. Obama inspired great fear in the hearts of these people. It gave them a preview to the future in
Which they are attempting 2 stomp at this time To ensure that the USA will go back to divisiveness between groups of Americans.we must unite
My insurance premiums had been stable for years. Got my statement last week and my premium went up. I hate trump so...DAMN YOU trump!
Let's hope the populace recognizes that Trump's word is more associated with carnival barker than integrity.
Let's be clearer. His supporters have to feel it to believe it, then so be it!!!!  So sorry 4 the rest of Americans !
I guess I'm just a huge bleeding-heart; I don't want anyone to suffer; not even the willfully ignorant.
 I guess that's where you and I are different. Sometimes, in order to learn, to really get it, suffering, loss of privilege must be removed
They wanted tRump. So far? no real consequences have been felt by the "regular" people. However, bipartisan just cut a deal. However, I do
That's where I just get blown away- no jobs, income still low or absent all together- policies all aim right at them - and they still cheer.
Trump creates his own reality. He just said, many companies moving here, he says it, that believe it!  The opioid crisis is another possible
Pitfall for trump! He set the stage yesterday tho, Blame senate. He said. Not  my fault!did not condemn Bannon, then walked our w/McConnell
Make no mistake, Trump is responsible, but is counting on people to blame everything on Obama and the ACA.
Just so we’re perfectly clear on what’s really going on here. http://money.cnn.com/2017/10/17/news/economy/trump-premiums/index.html …
Chumps pre-blame Obama for everthing.

We are watching the country identify the extent of its racism, which is at about 37% currently.
Calling POTUS, administration & supporters racist IS RACISM FOOL!
Let me be clear: anybody who still supports Tr','mp after #bothsides & #PuertoRico is a racist.

He has revealed you to us. We now know you.
What about Trump's treason.
He’s destroying everything. Everything.
Ms Harris #Sessionslied2Senate isn't that a felony? #GowdyalteredDoc in his zeal a felony? Is this a country of laws? #IOKIYOR
Only a country of laws if we have good leaders. This group is in it to steal money and freedoms from Americans.
Donald Trump tax cuts will mean deep cuts to healthcare?
Mostly in states that supported him. PA reports increase of 30%
Haven't  I read somewhere Trump owns some Insurance companies? If true that would explain alot.
He's trying to force Congress to get off of their asses and do some work. Premiums and deductibles have been going up for ages. Obamacare was a democratic disaster from its inception.
Another young US girl was murdered by an illegal who should have been deported but was protected by a sanctuary city. WE CANT ACCEPT THIS!!
I'm sure his blind followers are convinced he's lowering their premiums and improving care.
Mrs Harris American deserve to know if congress worked with lobbyists to ease law allowing blatant illicit drug sales, #opiodCrisisScandle
Perhaps we could have the basis for this broad based claim?
So here's where we are! 
I have Health insurance, never had a problem, always covered everything $5 copay. Today the prescription my Doctor gave me is $300 a month!!!??? 
Guess I just die!
#ThanksTrump
Another distraction from the Russia investigation and what happened in Niger.
Very clear about that.  Killing Americans for Putin and the Kochs.
He's into sabatoge
Trumpcare is becoming more expensive than Trump promised it would be
anyone remember when he met behind closed doors with all the heads of the top insurance companies?????HELLO!
With 1% a 190% rise since 80's  giving tax breaks, estate tax, how is another tx break for rich help? #trickledownscam #medicare4all
Thank you for making sure I die soon Agent . I did want more time to spend with my grandkids but SO glad to give you & others a tax break. GFY TRUMP!
I think you're perfectly ignorant of a bill that hasn't even passed.
My 23 year old son's premium went from $244-$488. Better, cheaper my ass.
This guys perversion to hurting other human beings is amazing in a sick way
Absolutely - he wanted it and now it is all his.  The blame goes directly to @realDonaldTrump start owning up!
That's just it, he doesn't CARE if he's blamed, as long as it puts $ in the Treasury which is going in his pockets. #TrumpIsAboutTheMoney
He's not only raising insurance premiums... he's trying to nationalize them.
@RepWilson @CNNMoney Pure lie 101stupid.
You lost me when you posted the info from CNN
So, is this the brave new healthcare world you want for us?
We who are forced to buy these cost prohibitive policies know when we're being lied two because we've been paying for them all along.
Prove it!
Nice try. Spin the cause of rising insurance premiums on @potus?   I have had my premiums go up by 35% each year since ACA took affect.
To be perfectly clear, he's the reason my wife is considering ending her cancer treatment, due to the spiraling cost.
We’ll be hearing an Obama raised them soon!
Enriching insurance & drug companies
Nobody believes you Senator.
dumptrump, the LIAR & TRAITOR!
#ImpeachTrump #Impeach45 #ImpeachPence #TheResister #Notmypresident
Exactly.
Stop spreading the lies. Harris. Your racism really shines through. It's amazing.
Cause that didn’t happen under Obama, come on.  You can do better
What??? I'm shocked!
#ASSHAT #RIDICULOUS #gethimoutofthewhitehouse
We need healthcare like Europe & Canada etc. but w/greedy aholes in control in WA we suffer. Put the blame where it belongs, the GOP/trump.
Can we stop calling them "Insurance premiums" and call them by their new title #Trumpcare
Trumpcare. It's now Trumpcare. Stop calling it Obamacare.
and  talong benefits from millions of poor people. Sad!
Yesterday he was on board, right? Now today, no.  So just wait til tomorrow.
I don't think tRump even knows what going on.
quoting CNN as your source must mean you're WOKE. Go back to sleep. You're part of the swamp that needs to be drained.
Senator, Trump didn't decide to stop funding. Congress made that decision. Trump decided to stop making payments without an appropriation.
Wake up, Trumpettes!!!
Not true. YOU LIE!
Let's not forget what the uncertainty has done to non ACA plans...increases for everyone.
CNN is so accurate. Hey, did you see this?
.@HeyTammyBruce on report Russians used bribes to expand Moscow’s atomic energy footprint in the U.S.: "Sounds like collusion." 
Like they weren't rising before... then take that money you were giving the insurance companies and give it to the PEOPLE that need it! DUH!

Thank you for representing the American people. Keep beating down Trump until he takes a knee. The country needs a real leader like you
Can we get a viral ad campaign quoting Bannon on this? Complete with cheers? Targeted to Trump voters who will be impacted? Like....now?!?
Stop lying... ur a globalist shill that doesn’t have one good idea...
YOU LIE! Obama stole 700B frm Mdcre to run ponzi while addng thousnds mre rfgees and illgl immgrnts & no way to pay for it. TELL TRTH KAMALA
those were illegal.  are you just choosing to ignore that little fact.  you can't be that stupid, well, actually I guess you can and are.
#TrumpIsTheWorstPresidentEver

Please monitor suicide rates. I suspect they will skyrocket as people go back to worrying about being expected to bankrupt their families.
I agree Kamala, doctors and insurers are not ignorant, and the will fight back when threatened. Bad decisions bring bad results.
TrumpCare. Everyone should now be calling it that
*TrashCare
@realDonaldTrump is like the black plague in Dante's Inferno, but instead of creating a plague, he's using a pen to kill! #ACASAVESLIVES 
I really wish the next message is to impeach Donald Trump
Also spending 200mil to kick people off and raise premiums
DJT hates the very people that fell for his lies! This is truly sad! It has not hit them yet! He does not care if they live or die!
#Trumpcare is definitely going to cost more with fewer benefits. Sad.
Nothing ever goes down in healthcare. Even people who have insurance don’t get proper healthcare. Our system doesn’t heal you but retreats.
Exactly!
Tell the truth. Obama illegally confiscated the subsidy money from other programs to prop up the ACA
How?  By making insurance companies comply with the law that Dems passed?  
It's going to be how it was before President Obama. Bankruptcies, no coverage for women, lifetime maximum, & people will just go without.
I'm a nurse in Seattle. Mother of a veteran and of a sailor. Grandmother had Alzheimer's. People are going to die because of him.
#TrumpDeathCare was signed by executive order by the Russian Electoral College elected POTUS, Obamacare tried to save
Another win for his Russian buddies, no doubt.
You obviously havent heard the news.   
#Hillary #ClintonFoundation #Russia #UraniumOne Do your homework.
This should be in the national news
Just reported that Penna premiums up 30%. That’s a lot.
No, he is allowing insurance cos. To justify raising rates. They, just like him, feel they can do anything and get away with it.
Actually the ins company payments were ruled illegal by the courts.Premiums aren’t going up,you just can’t use my tax money to pay your bill
The thing is his cultist followers will never believe that they will follow him right off the cliff like little lemmings
Where was your outrage at higher premiums and losing your doctor under the ACA?
If congress could pass a legible, working, and problem solving bill, they would have. So it would seem that congress has failed.
Trump complained that Insurers were getting the money, and was stopping it.
Of course, the subsidies are offsetting lower premiums for poor.
If you wanted to hear a pack of lies. If KH mouth is moving it’s a lie or race baiting.
You are delusional. Then that is a requirement to be for predator trump.
And you will pay more out of pocket.
A Greedy Fool @realDonaldTrump , Is backed By TheWealthy and #EvenBiggerFOOLS=#RepublicanTrumpVoters
If you were honest, you would be stating these subsidizes were illegally given by Obama. @Potus sent back to Senate & House were it belonged

Kushner family has insurance company that is waiting to step in when all other companies walk  reason Trump wants across state line sales.
Trump is a Pathological lair @ACLU Lawfirm @MaddowBlog @CoryBooker
@SenKamalaHarris thank you for always being our advocate!  Wanna run in 2020...just sayin :)
Medicare supplement premiums are rising too.  My went up 94% for 2018.
Gonna be an Epic Failure!hahahahahha!
Pennsylvania premiums just went up #TrumpCareDisaster
ACA isn't perfect, but many like my parents, retired on low fixed income were able to have affordable HC. Mnthly cost 150%=not affordable.
At the moment his #deathcare wont make a difference if there is a global thermal nuclear war. But we shall continue to fight! #TheResistance
That was TRUMP/REPUBLICAN plan all along  #sabotagethat can't do there's TAX REFORM without taking the MONEY from ACA "DON THE CON" TIT4TAT
This clearly exposes the base weakness of ACA - government subsidies to h'care co.s but with no control or influence over costs. H'care co greed/inefficiency is the reason Americans pay 2x for healthcare that the rest of the developed world pay. Competition &/or control needed.
Competition will not work unless there is a Public Option that will force Insurance Cos to lower premiums or we go for Universal. Only 2 opt
No, Trump is stopping Obama's illegal subsidies.
The ACA logo needs to turn Orange as its now the not so affordable Trumpcare
Anything vile and hurtful to this nation you and your party embrace but thank God there are still many of us who won’t let u destroy her !
Thank you for using your power to inform our country in the midst of those in power doing everything they can to progress from the people 
Trump is going to make America bankrupt.
@Spone63 that is not "perfectly clear".  You avoided the Obamacare Ponzi scheme part
America the great America first and its people and God is great .. I bet I made you cringe right?! So sad you can’t see the real Americans
America spoke we voted Trump and yet u and your party again lied by saying Russia collusion yet over a year and no proof !
There are still many of us who care about this nation and her laws / constitution something you democRATS despise !
I end this by saying you will never break that glass ceiling because it isn’t yours to break n you will never be potus of America because
Yet you and your party just like politicians in California you all care more for people who aren’t Americans and u spit on us that are !
Who gave billions to Muslim brotherhood in weapons , planes uranium and money to a terrorist organization which is it not treason ?
But don’t expect us to swallow your lies hook and line because we won’t ! I find you as despicable as I did obama who bypassed congress..
Husband paying closed to 689 to Obamacare  we barely make rent and sometimes have to skip a bill but you keep lying girl if it suits you..
It's #Trumpcare now. Start calling it that.
Our nurses and office workers can afford the insurance but I can’t bring a CNA if I do get it It will be 250 wkly I get 600 biweekly
I’m a nobody who wipes butts for a living and don’t have insurance because my companies insurance is to expensive for a CNA ..
CNN has zero credibility.
Yet u see nothing wrong with obama lying to millions of Americans.. tell the people where obama got the money to jump start his ACA..
Kamala I hope you read this it’s coming from a nobody your party has lied to starting with obama who said I could keep my doctor ..
He didn't lie. Do you understand how the health insurance industry/companies work? There's a always a chance you could lose your doctor.
I am laughing my ass off knowing that my friends/family who supports 45 will pay more this year. I'm sad for other people.
Quit lying. Your support of unconstitutional 7 billion taxpayer dollars a year to insurance companies speaks loud and clear who owns you.
Trump is what he is and still using training wheels!
Because @CNN has proven to be a bastion of fair, impartial reporting 
Keep fighting, Kamala
Nope, those funds were given and found to be unconstitutional please see fed judge’s order
TRUMPCARE: sort of like Obamacare but more costly, less helpful, mean, unfair to women & the poor. Sounds right.
I'm sorry to say but Trump hates the fact that no one likes him.
Does this man understand anything?
And that bad "tax cut" that will raise taxes on the middle class and give cuts to the rich who don't need it. @GOP, @VP, & @POTUS . BAD
Perfect clarity is Obamacare was designed to fail, and insurance companies should not be bailed out by a President! Unconstitutional!
will this bulling bring Dems to the table?
Let me be perfectly clear. If I don't have to pay for your insurance, I save.
ACA is now TrumpCare. Should be addressed as such!
If you believed #Obama's lies keep your doctor lower premiums by $2,500 you won't believe #Trump stupidity is a wonderful liberal place
Going forward it will be known as trupmcare.  He said yesterday ACA is dead.  So he owns this from this day forward!
I just saw on @MSNBC Donald Trump talking about the rise of Obamacare insurance premiums when he caused the increase.
He owns Health Insurance in this country.
Not true, he changed the rules so young people with little money do not have to pay for old people with money. Why are you afraid of choice?
The authorized subsidies from purchased plans will still be paid. What’s being stopped is the extra & illegal subsidies.
Yes. He never had any plan and now he is holding Americans hostage with horrible Trumpcare.
@realDonaldTrump what happened to “Insurance for Everybody”,”Affordable & Best Healthcare EVER! “Believe Me” Remember those Promises/Lies?
So you think we should subsidize the profits of the big insurance companies - are you a shareholder? How much $ have they donated to you?
Either way, it is the TAXPAYERS who are paying. The subsides that were paid to insurance companies, came from TAX dollars, NOT PRIVATE FUNDS
@POTUS Making Healthcare Unaffordable Again!
Miss Harris, what do you exspect from an idiot,this fool is mad.
#TrumpRussia is going on. Russian disinformation campaign is going on via our @potus, our Putin occupied @whitehouse. Do something about it.
And the ACA  has been getting SO reasonable.  I'm mad and I'm not going to take it any more.
Fear mongering by you?
Were the expenses in the health care bill?
The news media is saying congress never approved these funds.
Just so we’re perfectly clear, a federal judge ruled these nonappropriated subsidies were unconstitutional. I’m certain Gorsuch would agree.
i heard on the morning news that insurance premiums are going up in my state (Montana) BECAUSE of Trump's EO. wonder if MT will stay red...
Most of MT will just somehow lay the blame back on Obama. So many are blinded and lay it all back on God's will and godless liberals.
These actions are already impacting the services being provided with insurer's dropping patients healthcare plans as of December 2017.
I thought we are going to have the best, the greatest health plan followed by a fantastic tax reform & protect all that w/ a wonderful wall.
Kinda like you all did for 7 years
The last insurer in WI just pulled out on Weds. We have no options. #ACAsabotage
Yep. Up over 25% for 2018. Markets hate instability. That’s what we have across the board. We need a truly bi-partisan solution.
Let Trump own it he is already trying to blame everyone else and this is 100% Trump.
#MedicareForAll would eliminate all these problems. Why won't your owners let you talk about it? Don't you have a spine to support #SB562?
While he be spending his billions we be burying our love ones cause they can't afford health care!
While he is stealing his billions.
This is Trumpcare and it should be branded as such
Maybe @realDonaldTrump doesn't know what a subsidy is? Who is the money SUPPOSED to go to when subsidizing premiums for low income folks?
#TrumpsFault
#TrumpcareKills
As a hcp this isn't healthcare. It's a rigged system. 
Why does wealthiest nation say no to cheeper, better way
Actually no Kamala. You are buying votes with other people’s money. That is a better explanation!
I just love the new Twitter movement of adding "just so we're clear" in front of everything as if it automatically makes what comes after more true and/or correct
Is it somehow unclear to you?
Apparently my point is unclear to you, and that's fine
His goal is to kill the ACA (Obamacare) from within by rasing rates, reducing benefits, and forcing providers out. He then blames Democrats.
I’ve already been forced to give up mine, I can’t afford the premiums anymore.

reverse Robin Hood steal from the poor to give to the rich
Reducing subsidies is not raising cost.  Obamacare raises cost.  Where is my $2400 savings?
Yes that is definitely very clear and its funny that several states that voted for Dotard @realDonaldTrump will be hit the hardest.
Actually, Obamacare is failing and Dems won't help solve the problem #PartyOfNo #TuesdayThoughts
Wrong, but nice try
If you ignore the whole “it wasn’t legal” thing.
Americans.DONT understand what's about to happen to their insurance
