Leading the sheep to slaughter by getting them to vote liberal democrat. So sad the kkk democrats are killing them with planned parenthood
Independence Day... soon we will be free of more of you Dems. Can't wait for 2018!  Better get your crying towels ready. #MAGA
Back at you!  Keep up your good work and we have your back!
Saying happy Fourth of July all the while trying to remove our president. Completely undermining our electoral process shameful
he should be removed. hes a liar conman cheater incompetent russian operative traitor. the fact you dont acknowledge it is scary. #lollipops
The fact you parents don't monitor there kid is sad.
Your are light...
The Net Worth Sweep of Fannie and Freddie makes us a banana republic. Why Don't you join @RepMikeCapuano and @RepGwenMoore in condeming it?
it is people like yourself that make this country great...thank you for all you do, happy 4th!
We love u!
Love when politicians act like they care about our past for the 4th of July, and then act like Woodrow Wilson the rest of the time.
Love when trolls who do nothing for the public take time out of their day to criticize the people who do. Thank you Senator Harris!
So, yeah, I don't like hypocrites. Grow up and try not to criticize people for things you do as well. Champ. 
Oh and thanks for the cool trophy! 
Happy Fourth to you also
And to you....

Happy 4th  Kamala Harris
You can be so beautiful when you are not partisan!
Happy 4th to you and your family Senator.  Thank you for your courage & integrity, we appreciate it now more than ever! 
#25thAmendmentNow 
Gotta love Kamala supporters
https://twitter.com/vinylchica/status/882444802813505536 …
Nice!!!!!!

"Happy 4th of July" #July4th  #FourthofJuly2017 
Thank you for all you do Kamala!So grateful to you!
Happy Brexit 1776 Senator.
Communist Kamal feigning patriotism. This woman is a SOCIALIST through & through!!!!
Kamala for president in 2020!  Happy 4th
Hapoy Fourth!!
#25thAmendmentNow 
I guess you watched cnn to think the 25th amendment could be used to impeach FAILED. Thanks for Trump reelection
Happy 4th Senator!
Why is she the only white face among the blacks?
Thnx we need yu press for impeach  & imprison. Soon.  Thnx
Thank you for #resistinghate with and for us.
Happy 4th, Senator! Thank you for all you do for us!
Happy independense day Kamala.
ily
Happy 4th of July Senator Harris. Thank you for proudly representing California and me in the Senate!
God Bless OUR President Donald Trump! Happy #IndependenceDay Senator
Thank you to one of the most promising LEADERS for our Democratic party!
Happy Fourth to you and your family Senator
Happy July 4th
Keep up the good fight
Thank you for all your hard work on behalf of California and all Americans!
Thanks! It has new meaning...
What is that heartburn or gas!
Cool picture.. of course, it's always about you..

Happy Birthday USA!So thankful to have a President who loves this country!#CA4MAGA
Same to you Senator. #ShePersisted
Happy 4th to you as well from MA
Happy 4th
You have a very noble, senatorial presence.
Happy Independence Day!
Thank you, Sen. Harris. Happy 4th to you as well.
Thank you, ma'am, for resisting!
same to you my dear! Have a good one with your loved ones
Why wont u help oppose tobacco and gas taxes. This hurts the poor and minorities. Its happening here in CAlifornia
Sorry you were unable to find a single pic of our flag or something patriotic to tweet with your sooo sincere wishes 
What exactly do you think she's looking at with such pride, with her hand on her heart being preceded by a color guard?
Gee I dunno.  What?
So, either you knew what was going on and you were being a tool or you don't know what presenting the colors looks like and you're a tool.
Happy 4th to you to! 
LOVE YOU! SUPPORT YOU! KEEP ON KEEPING ON!
Repeat after me...it is Independence Day.
Happy #4thOfJuly2017 Future President Harris!
We look forward to an American patriot like you replacing Trump (or Pence) in 2021
Happy 4Th Kamala. Please please please never give up the fight for the people!
Happy 4th! Thank you for fighting so hard for what truly makes this nation great; compassion for one another & the embracing of diversity.
I'm 50, & this is the 1st 4th with NO "happy" (I love fireworks & democracy). You're amazing, please work to fix this. I can't take anymore.
Happy 4th to you Senator...
@SenKamalaHarris  for #2020. We need a fighter that can stand Trump.
Happy 4th Senator Harris.  Keep Fighting. @MsThompson1975
Happy Fourth to you, Kamala. As a Hoosier, may I adopt you as my Senator?
Kamala for #President! #2020
Happy 4th, future Pres
@TheDemocrats, #DemsResist & #TheResistance #FakeNews want to undermine democracy & undermine  #POTUS and United States Vote #GOP
2018-2020!
Happy Fourth Senator Harris! THANK YOU FOR PROTECTING THIS NATION. In 6 mnths you have displayed incredible acumen to your office! THANK YOU
I am so proud that you are representing my country.
So lame.
Happy 4th @SenKamalaHarris
Happy fourth to you as well my Luv!
Love you. Run for President!
HARRIS & WATTERS “pay-to-play” scheme funnels $ into her campaign coffers&the scandal could have  implications in the next pres election.
God Bless you Senator..... please keep fighting for us! Happy Fourth of July
It should be a happy 4th!!!
To you as well. You are our (Californians) sanity in the bizarro world of D.C.. Thank you for hard work and your dedication to us.
Don't be telling me California ain't bizarre lol
Great photo shoot
Same to you
Wishing you the same Senator. Have a great day with your family.
Happy 4th of July to you and America. #FourthofJuly2017
Thank you for your service 
#Happy4th
