.@SenKamalaHarris So, CA's leaders would rather sacrifice ALL Californians rather than enforce immigration laws, huh? Remember oath?
How are all of us Californians being sacrificed?
Gov. Brown is the one claiming that gov't's actions will severely harm CA, yet CA gov't is the problem.
He's claiming it would harm the country. CA has like the 10th largest economy IN THE WORLD. We'll be fine.
Actually Ca is 5th largest economy in the world because we have Dem super majority. Also Twitter Google Facebook Yahoo etc
A big GPD doesn't mean high per-capita income. See China. Also see CA's high poverty rate (Census Bureau SPM) due to high cost of living.
Largest poverty states are all Southern states. GOP states. At least Ca has higher wages to help ppl in poverty. GOP against higher wages
Purchasing power parity? CA is a high-cost state. It's why 30% of the nation's welfare cases are in CA. We have 13% of USA's population.
California run by liberals is 5th largest economy in world. Trump's favorite TWITTER HQ also run by Libs in Pelosi's SF district.
.@SenKamalaHarris There are many Californians who would like to have SOMEBODY address illegal immigration. Most CA "leaders" have failed.
unchecked spending will make all Americans' not want to mess with the mess democrats have created in California.
1.9billion in unfunded pension obligations...yes they spend our futures just fine.
Kathy, you may be a good person, however in this case you are wrong. Ca. has a super majority democrat govt. they made this mess.
Mexico does it every day.
don't mess with the people in California we are the ones who vote.Not the illegals that you support and defend
California is now a third world Sewer!
I say, DEFUND THIS CESS POOL! California is no longer a part of the United States. #unlawful #illegalimmigrants @potus
The best thing that could happen to CA is for the federal government to defund us. We would have an extra 15billion of our $ in 2016.
you have screwed the legal citizens in this state.Because of democrats we are tax poor and you keep raising taxes
Puhleeze - he's a joke
Leftist progressives destroy everything they touch in guise of humanity.
However we ALL might want to move there!
California pays big chuck of federal taxes!
I'm from MASS I won't mess with CA but I will join and follow
Texas- We deserve a Governor like this one! #txlege
OOHHHH!! I am scared now! How about the rest of you? What are they going to do throw insults at us.
Haha! The Land of of Fruit and Nuts. The WALL should continue north up the east border of Cali. I never buy Cali products!
Bwahahahahahahaha . . .
How can you tell?

CA has passed the point of more #FuckedUp being noticeable

They elected you Senator-no one outside CA noticed or cared
Not to even BEGIN to mention the fact that you snowflakes are as intimidating as a herd of pillbugs...
If you could quit stealing sayings from our conservative state in order to promote your bullshit liberal agenda...that would be nice.
YOU SWORE TO UPHOLD THE CONSTITUTION, DON'T LIKE THE LAW, YOU ARE THERE TO DO IT. NOT PLAY IGNORE BECAUSE YOU DON'TAGREE  O B E Y  THE  LAW
Fuck California and all those who think they are better than the rest of the US
Republicans/patriots/veterans would flee to the US that still tries to follow the constitution/Bill of rights
All those living in Cali will have no law to protect the innocent only the criminals & illegals,
they can finally & officially ignore the US Constitution and Bill of Rights
hopefully they separate from the US & then they can rot away with no military or defense of any kind
lets fuck with them and we can deport the illegals & lock up the criminals instead of kiss their asses
You've already screwed it up, why else would you be looking for a federal bailout. You're 12% of America, 100% of what's wrong in America
This Texan wishes California would get their wish and become their own country! You people are just plain weird!
If we do will we get pelted with guacamole?
How lame! You & Brown couldn't even come up with your own state slogan? lol That's pretty sad. You want to use "Remember the Alamo" too?
I think you "messed"your depends.
bahahahaha...Don't let Texas find out you stole their motto. They don't like that
So, you are admitting that California is a parasite that depends on the taxpayers in the other 49 states?
Mess with California? I would not even go near it! It is a hell hole that is essentially a suburb of Tijuana.
What are Californians going to do, fight baking with bongs and dildos?
Heh.. don't let the San Andreas hit ya where the good Lord split ya...buh-bye..
@Woody_Woodhall RT and agreed!
California is the pussy of the USA.
Dear Moon beam. go back to school, first grad, prefferably and learn truth.
Just who the heck does she think she is kidding????  California: the breakfast cereal state - fruits/flakes/nuts!!!
Please #calexit already, and take your #pensiondeficit #sanctuarycities #plannedparenthood #illegalimmigrant with you!
Or what...your wittle lefties will come out of their safe spaces?
Californians are like a big bowl of granola if they're not fruits or flakes then they're nuts !
I think Trump needs to take on Jerry.  Show me in Constitution where it says FEDS must fund CA.  Jerry's an idiot that needs to be recalled
Yeah, you west coast liberals are so so tough
CA Pensions $1 trillion underfunded & $443 billion wall of debt. YOU Politicians have destroyed this State
.@SenKamalaHarris Ooooh. I'm petrified of a bunch of skinny jean, bearded metrosexuals.
hahahaha. Yeah, like you people hold anyone accountable. No respect for lawbreakers like you & your ilk!
Would it actually be possible to make a bigger mess of California?
Do you realize that the motto was written to stop litter on the Texas roads. Maybe you should do some research first
Apparently no many are, especially businesses as they are leaving the state in droves.
And a LOT of them are coming to.....TEXAS!
Bwahahahaha!!
Ummm...Yea right. We are all scared of a bunch of moonbeam hippees that have no guns or balls. Bring it, and let's see who wins. #MAGA
(2)   President Trump sees fit. And it's coming. You WILL obey and enforce our laws!
Companies r leaving CA in droves to move to TX...Im thinking u dont want to mess with TX and seriously get ur own damn slogan u look silly!
What're ya gonna do? Hit them with your bongs and dildoes?
U dems are nothing but crybabies playing victims. People like u are reason we voted Trump.
What is wrong with u, where u say judge Gorsich is a stikler for the law for a reason not to vote for him?
Calif is already a disaster thanks to you liberal criminal lovers.
No, it is don't mess with Texas. I as a Texan am offended. Cali, is liberals and commies. Texas we have freedom!
Respectfully, that's bullshit. "Freedom" in Texas is a feverish state of mind for rural folk. Freedom in TX is only if white, old, male.
I fit the description. 65 yo white Vietnam era vet. Rural too
California is not above federal laws.
Or are they? Remains to be seen.
That's funny! How 'bout California not mess up the rest of the country.
Yes, of course USG can close/relocate bases, repurpose Fed $$$ when @JerryBrownGov + Cali mayors endanger natsec, act against natinterests.
No, you don’t want to mess with California. Retweet if you agree.
http://www.mercurynews.com/2017/03/27/jerry-brown-you-dont-want-to-mess-with-california/ …
You are such a loser!  CA is the laughing stock of the rest of the states. Don't forget to pay TX for stealing their motto.
Speaking as a Californian, what the hell would we do to retaliate? Throw quinoa or shoot hemp at people? Texas must be laughing at this.
No Texas should be laughing at itself. Ass backwards state along w/ LA, MS,AL, FL, GA, ok just say confederate states. That covers it.
Yeah, laughing all the way to the bank with all the Cali jobs going over there.
No more strawberries for you if you mess with us. #CA
Dear Earthquake
California.............please...........go................away..............
Let it float away into the ocean!
http://i1.wp.com/www.powerlineblog.com/ed-assets/2016/12/CA-Sucession.jpeg …
Ask @TheJusticeDept Probe @JerryBrownGov #SiphoningFunds from Tiny #OrovilleDam Budget to augment #Billions to Aid Abet #CriminalIllegals
#Calexit. Then you could reunify with Mexico & call yourself Calmexica. Think of the millions more poor people you could redistribute to!
CA is a joke.  All the other States laugh at you.
California was a mess before any of this came about.
As native Bay Area chick, you've RUINED state. Those of us who escaped & rest of nation will survive. So go ahead #Calexit
BWAHAHAHAHAHA!!! 
California is a mess already, thanks from the San Joaquin Valley.
Then comply with the law
As a Californian, this simply isn't true. We're a moneypit whose Dem governor & legislature spends far more than it taxes.
Oh really, the illegals are doing it. What are you doing about it?

Sad citizen of CA.
Pleasssse CALEXIT AND SAVE THE REST OF COUNTRY MONEY
Or what? CA might have to develop some common sense? Financial responsibility? Maybe start obeying the law?
There is a California you don't want to mess with but it's not Jerry "grandpa Simpson" Brown.
Your foot soldiers can be bested by American flags, so I'm guessing ya'll better watch what you say.
WHEN YOUR PROPOSING A GAS TAX INCREASE OF 47% ON THE PEOPLE BECAUSE YOU CANT FUND CALPERS PENSION LIABILITY,YOUR LOSING !!!
. I hope they cut off every Federal dollar that they possibly can God Bless the USA and its citizens legal that is
Or what? Californians will move to other places and try to make those places suck too?
CA has been messing with itself much as a dementia patient messes his diapers for years and years.
This is laughable.
Or what? You'll have Hollywood produce pretentious leftist claptrap movies? Oh no, what will we do?
Yes but they will produce them out of state because of the enormous tax burden in CA.
Fuckin toilet
I live in California. Please mess with it. For the love of all things holy, PLEASE mess with it before it's too late.
Sorry, it may just be too late.
You need to go.
Why not?
You've already messed it up. 50 yrs living in CA and I'm history. Thanks!!!!!!
LMAO How adorable.

Thank you for your literate and educated response.  It was perfect. 
If anything ever needed messing with, it's California.
To paraphrase Nancy Pelosi, we have to try it to see if it's true.
I do not believe him.
What a joke!!
Did that sound more intimidating in your head?
No, we just laugh at you lunatics.
Just a bunch of DAM fools. (See what I did there? Because they needed US to pay for THEIR dam! Ah, good times.)
no, we all pretty much do - rooting for Calexit, too.

Legalisms.
Are you kidding me?
This is a parody account, right?
Please say right?
You can't be this dumb, naturally. 
CALI?
As a native Californian and conservative, I wish YOU would stop messing with my beloved California.
Oh, noes, what will the illegal aliens do?
Looking forward to the day when we require #Californians to present a #passport to travel the US. 
You guys are #nuts.
Why would we? It is a liberal/socialist commune. You have companies leaving in droves. Overrun by illegals.
Or what?  Your state is already one giant safe space. Are you threatening to secede?  OK, Challenge accepted.
@JerryBrownGov moonbeam has turned CA into the movie, "Money Pit".
you have been messing with and crapping on Californians for years,  go make me a Sammich
@elliedaws I support you. But plz stop with the "rt if you agree" stuff. It's lazy and ineffective. We need action.
So the black woman is lazy?  Why are liberals so racist?

You know you took an oath!! If you can't uphold it, resign.
Brown&dems have destroyed Ca.with their fairytale public policy plan,fed following the law Ca Gov should try it?
save it...the state is broke, can't survive with out federal support...not so bad ass...
Time 4 anarchists like Garcetti on issue of illegals 2 pack their tooth brush & B sent 2 jail U R a lawyer read the law!
or all the little snowflake liberals will have to go find their safe space...
What, go to another safer state so they can destroy it, too? Quick, Trump, build a fence around CA to keep them in.
we need to send Nunes packing to his uncle Steve Bannon or uncle rience (whatever his fucd up name is)
remember when Bush wouldn't let CA break Enron's manipulated energy contracts? GOP somehow ok w/tanking economy
I say all blue states don't pay Fed taxes anymore and let Feds pay for their own f'd up  plans with red state money
individuals pay fed income tax, not states.  Maybe if you had paid taxes before you'd know.
@bethisresisting moonbeam needs to resign....16 years and he has destroyed california
It's been going on since Reagan left office!
if I were Trump I would make an example of Jerry Moonbeam Brown and withhold Federal funds from Sanctuary Cities.
@ActualEPAFacts @mercnews Give him hell @JerryBrownGov @tedlieu @AdamSchiffCA @SenKamalaHarris California is proud to have you.
California has the sixth largest economy in the world. "Be careful what you wish for, you just may get it."
and what California going to do secede? Moonshine raise taxes in a second due to lost fed money.
you tellem sen Harris
Haha, or what cupcake? Please do everyone a favor and #Calexit
California should secede
@ActualEPAFacts If Fed "try" 2 w/hold $ 2 CA, guess CA wl hv 2 keep her $ so she can function. Ours is bigger than yours!
On #Brexitday, why not think about a #Calexit 
If California secedes, I may have to get over my fear of earthquakes to move-in
California is doing a fine job messing itself up, first a repeat of Jerry Brown and now replacing Boxer with you.
@4HeritageMoms @SenKamalaHarris & she is behind charging the 2 @ppact whistleblowers
@NotTroyThomas @mercnews Bahahahahaha the CA guard screwed me, and I found a state with lesser taxes..have your #caliExit
@IndivisibleUpN I have never been so happy to be a Californian

#InMyNextLife  I hope I'm smart/hard working enough to live there. it's home to @YosemiteNPS  that alone makes it perfect
Don't mess with us!
need good climate and good energy !!!!  In California and to all Americans
yes I agree
@painter_nancy @mercnews Or NY.
Don't have to. You guys been messing up your own state for years.
why. I don't want to pay any more for illegal immigrants. If you want them then foot the whole bill
"illegal " immigrants contribute more to the economy than they take
Obey federal law California.
Lack of a profile picture is a primary sign of a fake account
#ClimateChangeIsReal
Yea..That's what they told every1 n the 1970s too-If real-Cali Florida NY would b gone! Google ItTheyLieToYou!
Without EPA and Federal grants cuts be worry Democrats 
We are so happy.  !!!
Be ready to file bankruptcy papers.
EPA money Democrats used to pay to play .
nope- it will sink on its own.
I am a native and liberals have hosed this state
Move
I hope Mr Sessions files charges against all that use tax dollars to aid criminal immigrants.
Hell, NO!
sure don't mess w Ca. But go kiss a__ for help with inter structure. Ca kills me
@tinytara310 Ms.Harris please don't let it be True that U have yet to show your opposition to Gorsuch-U're No is imperative
I'm sure Texas can SUE CA for misuse of THEIR state slogan without proper citation / credit ! @SenKamalaHarris @LeslieMarshall
Or not.  Could just mean less money!
@puppymnkey Well then y'all need to get NUNES outta Cali.
@puppymnkey Jerry millions of people are going west like in the gold rush make room you Star among Men
@electroboyusa @mercnews California is a net contributor to the federal income, one of only 15 states that are.
whether it's ports, gold, fruit, films, or whatever, CA is 1 of 15 net contributors
this guy (Trump) and his criminal cronies R a nightmare!
I guess California doesn't want infrastructure funding.
@100Left @mercnews California is acting like the nation should be. Secede?
Glad Brown said it. No way is Trump/GOP going to be able to bully CA. No footing to succeed at it.
California is setting a standard which all other states should follow. CA makes its own path. Future.
It's a standard nobody wants, in fact folks here in Georgia are fed up with it.
I'm sorry you feel this way. We all have our opinions.
It's not feeling it's realty people across country are fed up with. CA keep ur social ideas
I'm not sure about that.
Let me assure you living in a tri state area we don't want your socialist state. Liberty, not force of law for ideologically reasons.
@deejay90192 RT and agreed! #California 
l hope someone comes in & changes everything about CA politics. This place is so crazy liberal it's unreal.
move then.  California will was, is and will be liberal.
Ronald Regan? Moving is not the answer. If one keeps moving the problem doesn't go away & eventually follows. 
