I was on opioids for 6 1/2 yrs. I weaned off for a year & took an illegal substance that prevented withdrawal. I'm 1 year clean.
Marijuana? Was that the substance keep you from withdrawals?
No but it helps with the pain. In the correct setting 1 can use magic mushrooms or LSD and go into a meditative state. It reboots the brain
That is fascinating because I know MDMA is at phase 3 for treatment of PTSD
Yep! It used to be legal but people abused it. In the correct setting these drugs work extremely well. MDMA has been shown to cure PTSD.
Isreal has done lots of research on marijuana & other illegal substances. Marijuana reduces traumatic brain injury if injected immediately.
I am in Oregon legal here Rec. and med. All the states that are legal have created 125k new jobs that is 4% of national job growth.solution?
I've been praying for legalization for 20+ years.
Trump's approach to tell kids just not to do drugs was uniformed and pathetic. So let's not do that, okay?
However a standard approach to a complex issue from this  stupid, hopeless administration that would be better off resigning as a whole.
Trump and his administration have no understanding of trauma, poverty, addiction nor do they care to learn. Please just let them resign.
I don't wish that on anyone. Trump has no empathy.
No I doubt he would. He's a sociopath. He doesn't care about anyone but himself. I don't call him that lightly.
He's a narcissistic personality disorder. He has no empathy.
And yet nobody is talking about kratom
Kratom is a completely legal harmless substance that acts with the opioid receptors.
Are you sure it doesn't work with the CB1 receptor, because if it works on opioids receptors that ties in with respitory signaling?not safe
You might know more than I do but it sure feels like it hits the opiate receptors, and also I believe that there is no lethal dose.
I apologize making you feel like you know less than me you obviously know more because I didn't know about Kratom I was hoping you explain.
I wonder it works to stimulate the production of the bodies own opioids and does not introduce outside opioids like opioids products.
Kratom 2 main alkaloids are partial opioid agonists on the Mu and antagonists on Kappa and Delta. It's not shown to pull in beta arrestin
So no known risk by researchers of respitory depression.
The Left is right about this. Eventually more conservatives like @RandPaul will get on board. Let's treat them instead of locking them up.
Is Trump seeking to create destruction through war to avoid getting caught for crimes? Is catching him imminent? How soon? @FBI
House of Cards
Well, get into that White House, Kamala! You can teach the USA about CURES, CA's DOJ Rx SAFETY program, Prop. 36, OUR drug courts, /1
INTEGRATION of services, and how drug addicts get clean. I'm one of them; I went to the NA meetings only - I wasn't convicted. It saved /2
MY LIFE. I wasn't even in the program. My husband was. We DO Recover; we need guidance, not prisons. Everyone Wins. #KamalaHarris2020
PS: No drugs, 14 years.
Thank you, California.

I agree. Let the junkies OD, and the problem will sort itself out with minimal tax payer impact.
We need to treat all drug as an epidemic. Didn't see this attention when Black communities suffered. #SHAMEFUL
Well said
Well the war on drugs failed first of all and opioid problem was caused by Purdue in 1996 and the FDA for lettin em mass market oxy and drs
Decriminalize don't legalize! Portugal rates in overdose and addiction dramatically lowered after implementation.
Are you serious?  The "war on drugs" worked pretty good on us.  Keep the prison party going for white folks.  They'll get tires of jail.
I've read 1 in 15 doctors is on the payroll of the opiate companies. Sry, cannot recall source. Howevr-it seems true. The epidemic is real.
This is why we are in Afghanistan. Drug sales went up. Stop the war in Afghanistan.
Trump and his adminstration have no compassion, empathy, intelligence, I could go on, but why?
Well said Madame!
You are stoned on opioids Senator. That's a compliment when I see your Twitter statements.
Start with #bigpharma and the doctors who got #americans hooked on these pills
We need recovering people to speak out and share testimonies that HOPE is real.
True!
...unless your friends own for profit prison, then it is exactly what we expected from Sessions/Trump
How about regulations that limit docs from writing everyone opioids as pain killers for everything & restrict big pharm from making new 1s
People are now ODing from heroin. No opiates?  Got heroin. Drug war must end
We 1st need Big Pharma to take responsibility by auditing amts in certain areas. States 2 track MDs, & patients. Patients to keep track 1/2
2/2 Of their meds. Keep in secret places/locked, not medicine cabinet. Don't give kids a drug for every little ache. Stop our drug culture!
My 19 yo son waited 6 weeks for detox bed to free up in UT. His anxiety got worse & he died before. We need affordable/available treatment!
Wow! I cannot imagine thanks for sharing....
Another socialist response from a critic that has done nothing for her constituents, Kamala go fund raise with Pelosi let the grown ups work
If you have nothing to add to the public discourse instead of spewing ad hominem attacks. Maybe try listening to learn something.
OMG. The drug war is still raging. It doesn’t need to be reignited. ~700,000 marijuana arrests US every year. Still. Stop with past tense.
This a moment to call in the Senator, not call out. @SenKamalaHarris consider using "ramping up" or "escalating." Drug war never went away.
She is historically — and currently — fairly bad on drug policy. DPA can good cop her if you want. I’m gonna be calling out til she improves
Harris still hasn’t added her name to any of the several pending marijuana bills in the Senate (good bail reform stuff aside). Easy to do.
Because If NONE of those bills have a chance of passing in a GOP congress, why make yourself a bigger target for coservatives?
Harris has a bright future, and one day she will take a stronger stance on these things, but until then she can NOT become the boogyman.
Your fears off base. Leaving marijuana to states supported by supermajority of voters in every political demo. More popular than any senator
I agree, but right now there is no point. It would likely raise more money for the GOP than she would gain in popularity.
Im thinking about cement shoes for The other Republicans who sold out to insys therapeutics
There is surely some $$ benefit if he fills private prison beds.  He doesn't want to treat addiction, he wants to punish it with Sessions.
Amen sister!!
Also a huge burden on my family, but no one seems to care  So many of us are suffering. Please help 
We know where you stand on the issues facing the people. What are your solutions? We have talked and lets act. @amjoyshow build your base
Kratom!!!
Actually makes perfect sense considering rump lives in the 80s.
I for one find his just say "no good, really bad for you in every way" campaign to be refreshing and a new approach that should work well.
Senator Harris FTW! #KamalaIn2020 #HollaForKamala
The "War on Drugs" failed policy STILL drives the mass incarceration epidemic of non-violent offenders. Dismantling it must become priority.
You're right because that always end up really being a war on people of color, somehow.
Cannabis is an important and viable substitute for opiates. It should be forefront in the conversation! #harmreduction #supportdontpunish
AMA HAS TO STEP UP , OPIOIDS PRESCRIBED  FOR EVERY TYPE OF PAIN IS JUST NOT ACCEPTABLE ANY MORE
start w/legalizing marijuana
Medical marijuana has been extremely effective in helping opioid addicts recover.As long as the Feds keep it illegal,research cannot be done

EVERY STATE NEEDS TO STRICTLY REGULATE THE PRESCRIPTION OF OXYCONTIN AND THESE OPIATES THAT GET THESE PAIN PATIENTS HOOKED.
.FYI, #Trump: You and you alone cut the Painkiller epidemic in half w/ one simple act: RESIGN
The War on Drugs has only terrorized lives and wasted tax $. Time to legalize all drus and focus on mass rehabilitation, not incarceration.
But would require thought and fresh ideas on Trump's part - he lacks the capacity for either.
Honorable Senator. I think this should continue.. Drug dealers in Suits should be next.. I know 3 States think so..
It's not hard, these drug dealers work out of a store front, Fake news
Get tough on companies and doctors selling opioids! Drug cos. Should pay the bill for ALL rehabs.
Let's look to the "dealers" aka doctors, and start revoking medical licenses en mass! Make an example of them!  AND WHERE IS THE OPIUM FROM?
I agree completely, but maybe you all could get together to try to prevent a nuclear holocaust first? Please?
we need to ban opiods stop making them and prescribing them. go back to pain bills 25 yrs ago.
Start at top:Big Pharma's responsible,hold them accountable or you're all talk. My educated professional family directly affected, so I know
they need to fill their private prisons... it's all about that cash....
Tbone wants addicts to overdose...his new health care plan. See Philippines drug user plan.
This opioid epidemic treated differently than crack, the make up of demographics has lot to do with being treated or thrown in jail.
Portugal is a great example of what to do.
We need a war on addiction and poverty....bring opportunity and options to people.
Can We CHANGE...?
How about if instead we found ways to help people who are in pain?
You are so right!  "War on Drugs" is code for war on poor people, war on sick people and especially war on poor, sick, black people.
Doctors need to get educated on the opioid addiction and stop prescribing this poison
Treatment, not punishment.
unfort, it was never a war on "drugs" it was a war on "drug addicts"- you can't help an addict with threat and punishment...  let's be smart
We need more drug education in schools and mandatory 30 day rehab minimum sentences for drug users. Also mandatory NA or AA meetings in jail
Yep you know .it will be a revolving door . Look at Downey jr . Took jail to get him clean
"Smart and effective" neither of those apply to Trump's admin. We need people like you to step in and fix this mess.
Drugs alcohol abuse causes not trump's area!! He doesn't know what he's talking about with his 40 year old data
True! Approaches should be scientific / evidence-based, not dictated by some old fool's ill-informed opinion.
I get it but then can we release from jail all the POC that are there on drug charges?
I have degenerative disc disease & mod. to severe arthritis in my spine.  I would gladly give U my opiates for a 1/4 oz of pot/mo...1/2
2/2...Cannabis works better for the pain is not addicting or lead to stronger drugs & in some cases is used to WD off opiates.
Just tell people not to do drugs.... simple and effective!!

Exactly. Another example of Trump's failed leadership
Step 1) Dump the doofus in the WH; Step 2) rid Congress of ignorant GOP majority; 3) fix the ACA; 4) set up effective treatment progs
Uhhh, when exactly did phony #war on drugs stop?? Certainly not during Obama admin
Kamala: plse address issue of chronic pain pts caught up in this "war" causing "mandatory" reduction or elimination of our needed meds
let's get 2the drs who R filled out addictive prescription meds, get REAL physical therapy 2 rural areas& not make addiction so stigmatized
Oh yeah and make treatment centers free!
Thank you senator as i see even dems falling for this ruse to pour money into failed racist drug wars and corrupt DEA treatment not jail
I have to agree with this, this is something we tried three decades ago.
Many Trumpian pronouncements may sound reasonable to his base but are often misinformed, ineffective and hollow.
I work in the field and there are effective strategies. I'd like to see these efforts furthered.
You mean the "Just don't start" What a disconnected JACKASS!
Doctors who knowingly over prescribe should take their skills to prison. No different than other dealers.
I think we are crossing streams of thought. The opioid crisis is much different than the crack crisis of the marginalized.
You mean, "just say no" and locking up addicts won't be effective? Hmmm. Who'd have thought?
The worst Detox symptoms vary for everyone- but if there was a way to remove the addiction aspect of this needed drug-just a thought
Maybe you need to look at reformulating morphine sulfate- I had to take it-6 major spinal OR-took myself off- the worst detox was-this is ??
True but pose some solutions.
Exactly. His "just say no" strategy is so uninformed.
Kamala. Stop the http://BS.You  got a solution? What's your "smart & effective"? Give us a hint where you'd start. This is serious!
Heart of problem is Pharma and medical industries pushing this,including drugs to "counteract" opiod symptoms.Where is their accountability?
Please look at what Portugal did 16 years ago - and research the outcome today.  We tried this "war on drugs" - we need a new approach.
Agreed. War on drugs causes more problems. We need better pain management guidelines for Drs. & easily available drug counseling.
No help from person in the WH. Everything easy for him & expects all to stay away from drugs.Hard to win when DT doesn't live in real world.
than join the fight to legalize pot so those that suffer chronic pain have a safe affordable alternative I should B free to grow my own!!
Stiffer penalties for low level drug offenders is exact opposite. We need more/better treatment, job training, sports and arts for kids.
Apparently Donald is channeling Nancy Reagan. Just Say No was dumb. This is Your Brain on Drugs was equally ineffective.
Thank you! Also, please think about chronic pain patients and what is being done to us by denying us access to the medications that help
us function!

Trump doesn't have an original thought in his head. Someone needs to give him ideas so he can peddle them as his own to sound intelligent.

Hey if it didn't work for demigod Reagan, maybe the time is right. This is tRumps brainthis is tRumps brain on drugs
If & when you become President. I'd love to help this cause, my son hit by car @16 years old, became addicted finally now @27 finally sober
What families go through is sincerely unbelievable but it's not a fight that can't be won, takes a lot of time & relapses but it's possible!
I would love to work w/ families & users whom are in the midst of struggling to get clean. It's not easy. But w/ tons of support achievable!
I think putting addicts in jail is the not helping anything. These folks need detox but they need to want detox what this experience has 1/2
Taught me is you can try for years to detox a person but unless they want to be clean your wasting your time, their time. Rock bottom is
I mean when they hit absolute rock bottom is usually when their minds begin to understand I'm in way over my head & need help. Sad but true.
MARIJUANA is a helper.
How about jail
That's how they treated it in Our communities!
What! Everybody forgot already?
They were still doing it that way yesterday!
Drug War was never a war, it was a scam to imprison minorities and poor whites. This issue was never really taken serious enough.
Bill & Hillary donors were fine w/them targeting & imprisoning poor blacks 4 pot & crack. Heroin addicts have programs in health bills.
It's not a war on drugs. It's Insurance companies tired of paying for pain management medication. You should try living everyday with pain.
When I see Democratic Party start passing legislation to end drug prohibition, I'll believe you're serious about fixing problem.
Democrats are just as responsible for the War On Drugs as GOP. So stop with the self-righteous BS.
If opioids were legal for purchase, people wouldn't be buying Fentanyl-cut garbage off the street.
You need to pass marijuana legalization. That's what you "need" to do.
Please remember there are many people for whom opioids are a lifeline. The difference between being totally bedridden & having some life.
What would you suggest? I honestly can't imagine how to fight this plague
We need to start making  Big Prama Accountable for the Deaths also .
We "war" on everyone except the pharmaceutical companies who play a big role in this scenario. Who are the 1st pushers?
@MelindaThi Then racist Sessions declares war on marijuana? I don't see ER filling up with people overdosing on marijuana?
Addiction is a HEALTH problem NOT a criminal problem! A lot can be easily remedied if politicians knew science and got their heads out of ..
Harm reduction plz. Dems and libs need to come around to it. Please stop with zero tolerance. Needle exchange, pill testing, vape. They work
Drug addiction is a healthcare problem.
Please remind Trump that the Just Say No To Drugs campaign didn't work either.
Closing our borders, decreasing immigration, deported criminals, HALTING BAIL REFORM HURTFUL BILL.. would be a good start.
SO what's your plan?  Are the details smart & effective?  Lofty tweets with no substance are not impressive.
ABSOLUTELY!
It's a lazy approach. Which is why Trump likes it.
dt's statements on opioid epidemic shows he has no clue what the problem is let alone anyway to address it.
Sessions & Trump both own stock in private, slave-labor prisons they want to make it easy to keep those prisons full
Portugal has it right.
We agree there!
The "war on drugs" was the joke of my childhood. What a cop out...
Nationwide legalization of Herb wud help.....
Thank you
Signed
People who live in pain but can't get meds anymore
Thank you. A voice of sanity, among the babbels of an idiot.
Medical marijuana should be legal in every state
Cannabis in the same scheduled class as opiods makes no sence. #LegalizeMarijuana
He wants the 80s all over it wasn't that great
It's probably more about pharma protecting turf.
Who Knew recovery was this easy... 45 says "No good, really bad for you" Who knew?
Not in a trump way!!!
When Trump offered his explanation of how to stop the opioid epidemic,CaptObvious cleared his throat+buried his head in his hands.
Sit back and watch this one. Sessions is waging this war thinking it will incarcerate more Blacks and satisfy his base! He's in for a shock!
She strikes again.
How long has this "war" been dragging on?  What has changed?  How about we try something different?
Thank you. Lost my younger sister last year. #JustSayNo didn't work.
Exactly Senator! This is another tactic to create another boogeyman.
Well-said. It's been known for a while that doctors are over-prescribing them & people are becoming dependent.

The source?
Pharmaceutical 
Have you listened to the dollop on it? 2 parter. I'm absolutely infuriating.
Easy for us to use direct language. I'm not sidled up to big corporate donors - Don't need to worry about losing their support. 
"Smart and effective" are the the words we needed to hear not the empty words he keeps referring to
0poids  are prescription drugs.Did the FDA drop the ball?
Federally legalizing cannabis would be a huge start.  Then holding big Pharma and Dr's accountable for the poison they push on people! 
What we have been doing thru the decades hasn't worked.
Thought: legalize everything. Tax would pay for rehab people would have to sign up for when purchasing. Puts most bad guys out of business.
I say we should treat it the way white folks treated the crack epidemic.
Please read this: http://harvardlpr.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/07/SarpatwariSinhaKesselheim.pdf … and start making #bigpharma pay for the damage they've done. Seriously. Stop the bullshit.
Trying to take away medical marijuana is not the answer!
Think of how much money for-profit prisons will make, though! #MAGA
DEA FDA rules run roughshod over pepl w/ rxs for opiates w/ legit use.Get the pill docs but leave patients alone. Vicodin not really sched 1
You did a great job on it with Obama ....Not
Just another failed reaction by the POTUS. To understand what the crisis needs.
You also need to stop the stigmatizing language. Opioids are good medicine. Epidemic is addiction. This matters greatly.
I agree. The "War on.." has never worked. We still have drugs, cancer, poverty, terror, obesity. We need to be smart and find better ways
Instead of building a wall, let's put more $ into the DEA and stop the Fentanyl coming in from China.
I think suicide by taking opioids is becoming an epidemic
You are totally right!
Not to mention, your ability to correctly spell opioid, shows you already have a sizable leg up on the current Vladministration.
That's my Senator!!!!
But enough about Ted Nugent. ;)
Or JUST SAY NO! both total failures
The war on drugs has failed it has cost billions, put a burden on the justice system, jailed millions,should decriminalise possession
Focus on the REALLY DANGEROUS fentanyl & heroin
.@KamalaHarris POTUS can't solve Opioid problem because he's an addict in denial
Most everybody gets high after supper it's fast becoming part of American culture.
Just say no ain't gone work has been tried before, trying to educate young people may help some.Drugs are an escape from daily pressures

Oh, but oh-so-good for the Prison/Industrial complex. We'll Make America Great Again, one private prison at a time.
Then introduce a Bill that increases penalties on those who prescribe, obtain, or deliver opioids to those who do not medically need them.
Follow the $$. Sessions connections w for profit prisons. For profit prisons are against human rights, constitutional rights
Trump actually said, "Just Say NO To Drugs" was a good idea.....but I don't remember it working when the Reagan's tried it in the 80s....
At sentencing hearings, defense attorneys should reveal total projected cost to taxpayers for the proposed punishment & make it public info.
If a primary bread winner is thrown in jail for a non-violent crime.Taxpayers are doubly burdened helping the family & funding incarceration
Stop trade with China until they stop opium trade.
The billions squandered enforcing prohibition of cannabis, need to be re-directed towards violent crime & controlling truly dangerous drugs.
@tmmckinney777 I don't 
think we have to worry about it anymore! dt is going to end it!
We need to treat the opioid epidemic the same way we treated the crack epidemic! Lock them up
Ya it needs to be treated but when my wife passed of cancer doctors where so afraid to give them the meds they need cause of scared . Bad
If you haven't read this...
We need long term holistic treatment centers which deal with social, mental, and medical issues. Education and vocational training.
Oh so just saying no, drugs are bad won't work? @realDonaldTrump
Nuthin but net.  And, entirely obvious to anyone with half a brain.
Some states have "peer counselors", people in advanced recovery frm mental illness or drug abuse. Cali does. They help others stay resilient
in their own recovery. They are a huge asset in the problems with drugs, but we need more in every state.
Time spent in recovery qualifies as experience for the job.
You can also stop the war on poverty while you're at it.
Again, assuming the lead is executive branch of federal government, where in hell will we find smart and effective leader?  Trump?  Price?
I feel they are only trying to score political points. Highly unlikely the administration will actually do any thing.
Haven't you heard 2017 is the old 1960tys now. we have went back in time.
So much for a "major" announcement on opiods. Nancy Reagan must have come to him in a dream...

Insurance should include coverage for PT, acupuncture, water therapy, chiro care, massage therapy...
to this 'war on opiates'. It's very unfair that I now have to live in bed instead of being able to go outside with my dogs. ...
And its incredibly unfair to those of us with pain! I have RSD the most painful condition known to science. They took my meds away due
