Ur point? The past three years Obamacare increased an avg. 35% nationwide. Arizona already doubled, and Oklahoma saw 69% increase.
b4 #ACA mine was going up 80.-100. Every 6 mo. w/ blue cross for crap insur. It's always going to go up. #crooks
@senrobportman is my Senator, and he's the worst one. He only listens to one side of this argument. We need more women in the senate!!
Hello my dear how are you doing..i love your speech i will love to communicate with you on gmail hangout.pleas send me your gmail thanks?
They force majority off of access.  They lie.
Why did you protect child raping priests?
Excluding the freedom caucus.
Do you have the most recent draft to confirm this?
that will make tRump voters happy
not

but Obama told 28 lies about ACA
If repubs repeal HC the 1st thing theyll do-eliminate the taxes that provides funding-then HC'll never b replaced-itll b seen as  taxes
As a Senator, you should not lie to the people like this...

Can't wait for investigation into your shady past...
They don't care about Health Care. They care about insurance companies and $. #singlepayer
You are SO DECEITFUL!!!!!!
http://bit.ly/EndMarriageFraud … #NoVawa4Visa
How is that any different from what ACA did?
Scare tactics don't work. More lies. Like if you like your plan or Dr you can keep it.
Don't forget "and the coverage will be shit."
They will by God slip tax breaks in for the poor wealthy folks I have no doubt! @tedcruz and @JohnCornyn are just as bad as Portman.
STOP THEM FROM EVERYTHING NOW.  IMPEACH INCARCERATE ALL I MENTIONED.
I'm about to get insurance from individual market. I'm 55 woman with family history of cancer. Lots of cancer. I'm in good health but scared
But wait! @POTUS What happened to Cheaper and Better?
Thank you. Why can't citizens have the same coverage of Congress since we pay for it? Simple application of economy of scales.
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer
Replace the word Republican with Putin. There we go! 
#ImpeachTrump #25thAmendmentNow

OMG! Individual insurance, no ACA subsidues, is costing a healthy person aprox 1k a month!
You know what, if the GOP wants to do that to people, all the gerrymandering in the world will not save them.
.......and you can keep your doctor???
Why don't you tell them what happens if we stay with ACA?  Are you going to be a partial truth candidate?
Impeach and repeal Trump.
Wonder if #anyone will ever tackle the core reasons for high costs? Double-digit increases for >25yrs !!! #Greed #BreakingPoint #Pay or #Die
What will it do to Medicare? My son's autism care is not covered by CHAMPVA (which is a travesty if you ask me).
The GOV shd be doing regulations to prevent such discrimination.
That's the problem. Instead of regulating, gov has been trying to control ins until it's a monopoly & everyone forced in
My nephew is autistic. I'm aspie and in uni. I don't support OCare. But a safety net is needed. Reform is needed. Don't trust gov
Prove it, fecal critter
and personal bankruptcies will double if fascist (R)'s succeed.
GOP is motivated by one objective: Tax breaks for the wealthy.Repealing now enables this.
Kamala what can we do to really get the message to them that will force them to listen?  GOP not taking calls having protesters arrested
The insurers need to stand up to them and stop collapsing the market. We must survive this debacle!
Not at all a fan of GOP plan, but to be correct, wouldn't proposed 2yr delay keep ACA in place, not causing 50% hike next yr?
But they won't "own it" according to Trump.  Someone should tell him that's not how it works when your party controls Congress & the WH.
They'll never get there way they can't even get the votes when they control both the house & senate pretty pathetic when u thing about it
Think about hosting a lovely brunch with ALL the female senators & bring wine. All of you ladies could put together a good healthcare bill.
Dear @GOP You are bloodsuckers & bottomfish attacking our healthcare with your repeal. You really need to remember 2018 or are U that stupid
And that will end the republican party
...but we will know them by the company they keep.
The Gop is a total joke I've been a republican for 40 yrs I'm done our whole congress is a total joke neither party is doing there job
Dems R Working to CLEAN OUT CONGRESS & WH! THAT Is What WORKS - NOW!
Ha ha ha ha.......more like prices skyrocketing under Obamacare.  Repeal and reverse!
Winning!
If you like your plan you can keep your plan. period. you guys lied then, and we're going to believe you now?
It would really suck it premiums skyrocketed....
@askUHC @SenKamalaHarris @PattyMurray @SenatorCantwell Why can't we work on state levels to get cost effective care? Prevention is priority.
MA has proven that you can do state healthcare.
And lets call it what it is GENOCIDE!
@myUHC @PattyMurray @SenatorCantwell I asked United HC about expanding coverage plan to WA state. Over 800k ppl 55-64, need options!
That's what people are asking for, right?
That's exactly why Obama was so passionate about helping those who needed it the most. Capitalism runs rapid in insurance companies. #Greed
Says the person commenting on twitter which is run by capitalists, while probably using a smart phone, built by a capitalist company.
More he'll created here on earth, in America!
Hell
Acknowledged,TRUTH
Kick the can is their favorite game.
A new plan would need to be updated through time. It deals with money/funding. Fix what we have, not #RepealAndReplace
@SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr you represent us. repealing #ACA is not what we the people want according to many polls. this is dangerous for all.

I will die homeless.
Sounds like the ACA
And the country will go bankrupt because no one will be able to buy anything but medicine and some food... hopefully keep the lights on
Acknowledged: Sen.Kamala Harris, your tweet posted and yes (notification) itself 54secs ago; Watching @CSPAN U.S. House of Representatives
Well just in time for elections for a problem they own regardless of what the president says
I fail to understand their determination to decimate healthcare. We all know ACA needs some fixes, but they seem hell bent on doing opposite
Their Donor$ are the Health Insurance industry.
Who are your donor$, Senator Harris?
