Rolling back the requirement that ISPs notify you when your data was part of a breach poses a threat to your security. I voted NO.
Stay strong Senator
when will this nightmare end?  Can't believe ISPs can allow this!!!
@Mr_Mask1337 ah now a really big reason to hate the GOP
there are poor policy decisions on both side of the Isle my friend
yeah of course I lean more right but this isn't something even I agree with on the GOP
how are you btw? Haven't talked in a while!
I've been doing good, passing school with a good GPA, and yourself man?
I'm proud of you man.
thanks man means a lot. How's the stream going?
it's slowed down a lot now that I'm working full-time and am in a relationship.  I still have big plans 4 it and want 2 succeed

is there ANYTHING the GOP won't sell for corporate "favors"?
This is so despicable. Thank you for voting No!
@michellegallow2 continued commercialization of American people-there R no rights-in Trump's world everything is for sale
@gaepol These people are so evil! They have no concern at all for individuals; only care about corporations.
i don't understand why the gop, who used to value individual liberty, would think this is a good idea.  Who benefits?

In addition to protecting abusers of TN walking horses by hiding violations.
so I guess it's ok if our personal data is "leaked"
What is wrong with these people?
who sponsored this bill
@towittertoo What is their rational...just more $ for providers to take in?
They need it to target voters to secure next election. Ala Cambridge Analytica
thank you for letting us know. They leave no stone unturned ...
that's messed up
@KenTremendous my cable bill should go down then, right? Right?
Does Congress know that it's probably the tastiest target for hackers and scammers with that data?
WTF? They're either possessed or biggest bunch of prostitutes. They'll sell our own children if they could. Pro-life? Sure
@Peacepox Americans will keep voting for these assholes, they can't get enough
@jhiattsteele #GOP Shame!
Wow!

They are a bunch of imbecile
what country are we living it. I hope the first personal data they sell belongs to a GOP member. I am appalled!
NEAT!!!  I love getting SCREWED.
Well, at least we'll finally be able to find out what porn sites are most popular with RWNJs
And these disseminations of personal data benefit whom exactly?
WTF is wrong with these people? Seriously?
I mean, why even? #corporatocracy
that's what happens when the cockroaches get out from under the orange sewer
awesome. I love having no privacy.  WTH, GOP?!
so,now your internet provider can sell everything about you to whomever they want. Nice, start with the GOP.
GOP is dead to me now, for a number of reasons...
The #GOP is wreaking unfathomable havoc that will take decades to undo. Thank you for standing strong, Senator.
.@SenKamalaHarris So much for privacy concern.

The #GOP wanna know what you're doing in the bedroom and now on the internet.
Why?  What was the justification for a vote like that?
@SenateGOP where the heck is your SAFETY for AMERICANS!  How does THIS make America Great @realDonaldTrump? WHAT.THE.HELL!
For what reason?  I feel that GOP won't quit until we look just like North Korea.
@pronemortalform scary almost as if it hasn't been happening on a presidential level since the internet began
What????
Thank you. But ISPs have done this for years via privacy agreement terms. Must prevent AHCA allowing ERs & insurers to collect & sell PHI.

@Sherribells1771 the republicans will sell anything; they have already sold their souls downhill from here
This is more problematic than people think. Companies and scammers  will be calling you all night.
.@SenKamalaHarris @yashi_shiroma in that case I need all the @GOP members SS#, household income, etc. Tax returns as an added bonus.
Whats the difference? Govt already watches all of us via hacking phones and technology
@wmacgyver where?
https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2017/03/senate-puts-isp-profits-over-your-privacy …
@onlxn GOP releases stress by doing something mean to the little guy, allowng baby bears to be shot, pollutes streams, etc.
@MarkWaid for those who don't know, it involves selling your browsing history w/o consent.
What was the vote on this and the other ISP ruling?
@TeeTweetsHere What is their major malfunction????
Thanks @JeffFlake!
Did this pass?
@7bugglettes This might backfire on the internet providers.
@onlxn can't make this stuff up . What possible justification
@Tackspayer Don't GOP politicians use the internet?
Haven't you heard? Everything's for sale now. 
@LocalKyle wow
So much good news from this Republican administration.
@HerYin Do you think this is first about money then surveillance? Terrible invasion of privacy.
@Trubshawe1 bye bye any path to net neutrality
Wonder if that means we can buy the GOP Senators personal data then...
The GOP is CLEARLY the ENEMY of the people.
FREE MARKET! 
So they're now *legally* taking what was not originally theirs.  Then selling.  What a business model.
As a Californian, I thank you for your vote against this awful change! Another reason Republicans need to be voted out 2018
seems like a logical move.
You've got to be kidding me
@chiefster16 Who makes money from that?
No privacy at all now.
Is that final? Is there a next step to stop this?
This is why voter "homework" is crucial. US Citizhsp is to be cherished. Nurtured. Challenge+Thinking=NationalCharacter.
Thanks to all you weak dems, Sanders would have won, the DNC is corrupt. Vile.
.@SenKamalaHarris Business before consumers.It's not surprising. @AjitPaiFCC is a huge part of the problem.
I believe that data includes every web site we visit!  Not sure what beyond that.
@steedhelix I love how they demonstrate their need to protect our privacy, especially when they're SO CONCERNED ABT THEIRS!
y'all think fake news is bad now? Just wait till me and my colleagues get MORE of your data! #twirlsmustache #likeavillain
We have no doubt Repubs will hand over everything to corporations. It's all they know how to do,
They allow the sale of our data and block voting rights.
@onlxn time to help @ACLU shut this down....really dont understand why we have to do this every time
Sadly, GOP will do SO much damage before we vote them out in 2018.
the damage is what causes them to be voted out..people should learn elections have consequences
All despots want control of the Internet and this is just the first step of the plan.
what they really want is 4 businesses 2 profit despite whatever harm to consumers
Every day gets more distressing.
@onlxn and the beat goes on...
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP
We'll compile their & their family's info & publicize it. 
Americans privacy = future GOP privacy!
Everything this @GOP & #FakePresident do is stripping away rights and protections from All of Us !! #RepealAndReplaceGOP #25for45
This little sneaky move by Republicans is part of the Trump Kubuki Theater Distraction Show while they dismantle programs.
And what did Democrats do to stop it?
how do we protect our privacy, call service providers and tell them not to sell info?
Awesome. Because I shouldn't have control of my identity and personal info.
Thank you for sharing this Senator. Please keep fighting the hypocrisy. #NetNeutrality
very bad
are you kidding me wth
@onlxn So who benefits?  Not regular citizens, that's for sure.
yet more proof the GOP values corporations over humans.
well they see the corp as humans. Not exactly sure what view us as.
strip it from what, please?
http://www.theverge.com/2017/3/23/15026666/senate-broadband-privacy-rules-congressional-review-act-fcc-vote … @SenKamalaHarris
thank you much for the link
You're welcome :)
And we will all move to the dark web.
wtf!? 
