"Net Neutrality & Broadband Providers Behaving Badly" https://goo.gl/oYOQUb  #NetNeutrality #OpenInternet @AjitPaiFCC @KellyannePolls #MAGA
Don't stop fighting for all of us
It's essential to innovation, economic growth, access to information for the citizenry, and it levels the playing field. No downside.
Net neutrality
everything John Oliver said in his roughly 20 min segment on @LastWeekTonight
Thank you for your stand on this matter
#NetNeutrality its like a squirrel in a Bobcats mouth.The Bobcat owns its prize, is goona do with it what it pleases, and won't give it up.
#NetNeutrality is how a democratic society offers the internet.
Anything less is corporate control of #FreePress, favoring highest bidder.
Thanks for the honest ask. I say keep the Internet as it has been - without net neutrality regulation. Keep gov out.
Recognizing that internet boomed b/c corporations, due to profit incentive, made it happen, & opened up a new world. Without gov dictating.
We should be asking: What is the framework that will allow for the greatest innovation? B/c we all get way more out of innovation than regs.
Allowing ISPs to ignore Net Neutrality lets them decide the performance of their service based the content you access Isn't this censorship
I'm glad someone is Listening to Real people.t-RUMP has NO IDEA what he's doing,Look at his WH Admin,Geezz.need to stop everything he's done
I can't believe that we even have to have this conversation.
  Honestly... What's next?
Fight for it like a lioness protects her cubs.  Thank you and good night!
Maintain net neutrality. It's important for democracy. It's important for small businesses.
So in regards to you action on questioning SEC Kelly,WHO DIED & MADE YOU GOD!The example you set for a respective member of Congress  SUCKS!
Net neutrality is critical to a free & open Internet, and for providing Americans the best possible Internet infrastructure and services.
For consumer protection, freedom of choice, and a fair market, please protect #NetNeutrality
Without the open Internet, charities and other nonprofits that work to fill gaps in the safety net will find it much harder to find support.
Internet is like the air we breathe,  should not be choked off by greedy corporations and billionaires.
I only have 1 ISP option where I live. Maintaining #netneutrality rules is vital to my (+ many others) access to a free & fair internet.
NetNeutrality is vital to democracy. The marketplace of ideas can’t be run by just a few gatekeepers.
Exmpl of Info Service per 1996 Act, not phone company – a telecom service, i.e. modern Comcast, etc. #NetNeutrality
BILLSHARK can save you time and money. We’ll lower your monthly bills quickly and seamlessly.
If they don't want to regulate carriers under Title II, there's an easy alternative: facilitate actual legitimate broadband competition.
Please protect net neutrality - the net should be an equalizer, not further opportunity for corporate control
Cal constituent, I believe in net neutrality rules backed by strong Title II oversight.
Net neutrality is best maintained via Title II. Don't let corporate lobbyists tell you otherwise.
My thoughts are that you are a dolt and ought to stick to what you know, whatever little that is.
Net neutrality = freedom of speech.
Information needs to be freely available via the internet.  Removing net neutrality rules will not benefit the majority of Americans.
Please keep the Title Two protection! Thanks!
My right to choose is not, nor should be for any of us, limited.
Still interested how to stop Trumps law allowing all personal internet use data being sold daily in its entirety with no privacy protection.
I home school my granddaughter through the CAVA k-12 program #NetNeutrality is essential to maintaining her education program
government key in Adam Smith's free market: competitive, consumers informed, not monopolistic. Internet ought be public utility.
Many in CA only have one broadband ISP option. Monopoly ISPs should not be allowed to charge content providers, or sell users browsing data
You need to do everything in your power to protect #NetNeutrality
please protect this, one more freedom at risk!
Please protect it. All Americans need a level playing field for internet. Internet carriers do not have our backs.
Please! Protect the internet w/ #netneutrality, keep control for people, not big $$ companies, we will be at their mercy otherwise, title II
Support every American over corporations lobbying to make more money. Support free and fair internet #NetNeutrality
Never allow control of information
Just play Both segments from @LastWeekTonight on Net Neutrality
We absolutely need & appreciate support for true net neutrality. Anything less would be un-American (pre 1/20/17ish)
Net Neutrality is a 1930's answer to controlling and depriving us of a free unfettered internet. The net is not a phone company. Don't do it
neutrality is critical to keep level playing field for new competing internet carriers like @Sonic.
2/ Disadvantage to those not able to pay. Boon to big business. I am for keeping the net neutral.
1/I'm worried about the change in FCC regs on the internet. It's become a main way we gather news & info.  Shld not be a pay to play.
I think it has a strong potential to influence elections #netneutrality
Please continue to be the voice of reason-protect net neutrality
@SenKamalaHarris as a small business =internet access is critical to get our name out We can't compete w/big busns w/out #net neutrality
Net neutrality is essential to keep the internet for all of us, not for those who can pay already rich companies for it.
#NetNeutrality is vitally important for our citizens.
We need #NetNeutrality- without it, our already tight budgets will be strained even further, & we'll lose educational & other opportunities.
A free and fair internet is paramount to the US's continued leadership online.
Please do everything possible to protect net neutrality, it is vital to the Internet's future.
Turning over the net to the folks who run the post office (badly) is as bad a policy as can be imagined.
I'm going to call you and leave this same message: I specifically support strong Net Neutrality backed by Title II oversight of ISPs
We don't limit electricity or water to only those who can afford it.
You shouldn't have to ask.  We need to protect net neutrality.
#NetNeutrality is vital for the health of our democracy. Please do anything you can to save it.
#NetNeutrality is central to our #Democracy. We should treat 'net as a #PublicUtility, & make sure it's accessible to all w/o favoring rich.
#netneutrality must be protected. I pay for access to the net, not for ISPs to decide what I see when I get there.  Please be firm on this.
Undermines the intent of the Internet- free exchange of information and ideas.
Equal for all. Our future depends upon it. A basic service, right, & gov obligation to protect. Should be the same for health care too...
I like the way things are now. The only reason for change is to benefit someone other than the American People. Follow the money.
ISPs controlling what I see on the net is like the phone co saying who can call my phone.
Protect net neutrality. I urge you and fellow dems to do everything in your power to grind govt to a halt. Demand accountability.
The people who need net neutrality the most might not even be familiar with the issue.  Look out for our brothers and sisters.
Net Neutrality is one of the most important issues of our lifetime.  A free and open internet is essential to future of our democracy.
No broadband competition in most markets. How is it not a public utility? What if PG&E charged lower rates for favored appliance brands?
Access to the internet has become a basic necessity, please fight for #NetNeutrality
Free flow of commerce on the internet will be severely hampered by the lack of net neutrality.
Please save title 2 rules for net neutrality. Asking an internet provider to just promise to play nicely is a joke.
Senator, thanks for support of our right to an open Internet. Sadly many Senators don't get it's the 21st century. http://internetfreedomamendment.org/petition 
#SenKamalaHarris  If Net Neutrality goes. My computer goes. Right into a dumpster.
Anti net neutrality=authoritarianism. Haven't we had enough of that push already? Net neutrality = equality. We need to fight for equality.
...for Internet-provided services is at best naive and,  at worst, utterly cynical and calculating in its concession to corporate interests.
The ability to affect the availability of data, is dangerous power, and the goal of the attackers of #netneutrality. Don't let them have it.
Saying that providers such as Comcast and Verizon can police their own  behavior with regard to maintaining a level playing field...
I think it's made up garbage issue.
Net neutrality especially important if FCC continues to allows ISPs to be content providers; closes door to unethical monopolistic behavior.
#NetNeutrality is essential for the free exchange of ideas and content! Without #NetNeutrality, Orwell may have been right in 1984
Net neutrality hasn't prevented companies from investing in infrastructure, or offering more products, or affected their profits adversely.
I'd like anyone pushing to remove net neutrality to explain how they're working for the American people and not billion dollar corporations.
Freelancers need net neutrality to compete and make a living.
Thank you Senator Harris so much happening it's easy to forget that this is a monumental issue.
Please, please push for protecting net neutrality through Title II oversight of internet providers.
We need #Net Neutrality and we need it to be Title II.
Please protect net neutrality backed by title 2 oversight of ISPs.
Fight for #NetNeutrality , please! From, So. CA
Free and open internet allows new and emerging industries to develop, strengthening and growing the economy.
The internet is a vital part of our public infrastructure. No preferential treatment for big, rich corporations but equal access for all.
Net Neutrality is essential to the viability of my small business, as well as a vital part of an informed & empowered electorate.
ISPs are the new utilities. We need to compensate them. However, I should not have to choose my content based on their deals
Free and open internet creates jobs by allowing small businesses to grow and prosper without being unfairly throttled by lrg corporations.
We cannot allow corporations to control how information flows to us over the net. Controlling content - Very big brother! Thx Kamala!
I think you should comment in favor of Americans..Not corporations, big business, banksters, polluters, et al
Please protect net neutrality. Free and open internet is of vital importance full stop.
I think 98% of people don't fully understand Net Neutrality
Very true. The amount of misinformation from the cable industry is muddying up legit info on the subject that people.
Ludicrous the horrendous communication companies would control access to the net. They literally get everything wrong when it comes to ...
delivering their service.
Please protect net neutrality! The internet is an indispensable sentinel of democracy. Net neutrality is essential.
We cannot allow a portal to information, interconnectivity, and the future be compromised.
ISPs should not get to tell us how we use the services we pay for. No deep packet inspection. All data should be treated equally.
We need to maintain net neutrality. But one step further... No more government monitoring phone and traffic through ISP/carrier.
Keep the net neutral and free from corporate manipulation. They already have too much.
#SaveNetNeutrality
Fantastic, Sen.Kamala Harris of Oakland,California; my previous tweets to you; TOGETHER
Watching Movie @TCM Ch. Military/War Tora,Tora,Tora, After my Pittsburgh Pirates loss, # 1 @MLB Team ; Again  you must know why!!
I think that the fact that the miserable hack Ajit Pai has already said he's going to count the astroturfed fake comments says a lot.
I believe in today's world everyone should have access to the internet just firewall protection
