I'm a sm biz owner & DoddFrank hurt my store badly.
Can you please explain in what ways specifically Dodd-Frank negatively impacted your small business?
Dodd-Frank regulations strangle small banks and allows the big banks to get bigger.  The strict and unreasonable terms hurt the economy
I agree Dodd-Frank has flaws.  It did little to stop the most egregious system-wide offenses & nothing to stop '08 from happening again.
I agree some regulation is needed for the reason you stated. But not all small lending institutions are bad and this limits them too much.
I don't disagree with that.  They are unfortunate collateral damage in the war against avarice-driven Wall Street douchebaggary.
It needs to be reformed to min damage to the ppl who own small biz who use small banks rather than the blood sucker Wall Street banks.
On that specific point we wholeheartedly agree.
Don't be disingenuous, Senator. That's why they continue to put up with Trump & his antics. He provides cover to freely pursue their agenda.
I think @Alysson @SenKamalaHarris is being informative. Being disingenuous is NOT in her wheelhouse. Know your Senator @BoldProgressive
"...pretending to be shocked" @Alysson is also not what @SenKamalaHarris was communicating. But your point is accurate. @BoldProgressive
She was not expressing that, but she was trying to push the outrage button a bit, and I think we should be outraged by the HOW just as much.
Why?  What has he done to be compared to Nixon?  What about Hillary and all of her collusion with Lynch? She's a democrat so she's excused?
So glad you are in Senate. Hang in there!  It is not going to be easy!!!!
That's great!
#ReplaceRepublicans2018
@GrannyGeek well if you would been around for most f Obama's term you'd have seen he did even more underhanded things
Full Frontal Attack on all that's normal, good and sane by these Republicans. An embarrassment to our Country with tragic consequences.
Agree
To shame implies violation of principles. GOP is a mob bent on scorched earth tactics& animated by the motto"take no prisoners"
Wasn't it great KH!!
I think you took the spotlight yesterday, not good. Do you have anger issues b/c Santa looked 2 see if U were Naughty or Nice & u got COAL?
Shameful is right.. headed for another housing depression.. we need Glass Stegal
Kamala I voted for you but Dadd-Frank is not a good piece of legislation .
Disgraceful GOP! The Ppl take note and the #Resistance will prevail! @SenKamalaHarris thx for all that u do ! 
They are filthy cockroaches-only coming out in the middle of the night.
Underhanded and sneaky, just like their president
shameful is actually obstructionists and there 8 month narrative on Russian hacking 
r u trying to brainwash or just playing to your base?
I'm so so disgusted
Now you see the REAL reason the Republicans wanted Trump. He sucks up news cycles and they can get away with anything.
This time, the damage they do to the economy will be permanent.  Don't act surprise when the dollar has no value.
The failure that was Dodd frank is something you defend? Shame on you!
House GOP is the most virulent group of anti-regulators. Free enterprise is law of the jungle. Screwed consumers are not fit to survive.
Someone should go to Scotus to stop all till issues are resolved. If trump is illegitimate then anything he signs is too.the damage is done.
tRump can now accept payments from foreign governments, that makes America Great!!! Ugh....
Republicans r trying to get as much of their rapacious agenda passed b4 dump is jailed & they loose all their House seats in 2018.
@Pompommom1023 while everyone is distracted with Russia, GOP is destroying Dodd frank, ACA & privatizing everything
They knew exactly what they were doing!  I'm NOT SURPRISED!
Back to 2008, brought to you by the @GOP
It's like a bad dream that you can't wake up from.
Say hello to subprime mortgage meltdown 2.0
Originally caused by Dodd frank.
Yeah they also did more alot more damage to many endangered species w/review of lands 'for future development'. This truly is so wrong!
The house republicans have no shame. What they did yesterday is going to make all of the house republicans richer than they already are.
Like when Democrats used distractions to pass things under Obama?
Shhh you might trigger some snowflakes
Here we go toward another "financial cliff" again. Tired of bailing them out. #FireTheGOP before it's too late. #NoCorporateWelfare
Right.  The financial cliff carved out under obamas watch? That cliff?
Sadly It's what we've come to expect from the GOP
They're 'new to this' too, apparently. And by 'this' I mean being human. #GOP_Evil_Bots
So far, everything they have done is SHAMEFUL!
Just throwing out there that the narrative might need to improve. It's also the rules for Main Street  banks used by all.
shameful. Lack of memory relating to 2007 and 2008. Bank profitability and shareholder $$$ is all that matters. Sick
#persisterhood
Thank you for representing and speaking up for the citizens of Sacramento!
Shame!
I can't believe the GOP voters don't *UNDERSTAND OR CARE*
 what's happening out of sight!The STUPIDITY & HATE just
2undermine BO &Democrats
It's so hard to keep up with everything these days. I continue to oppose anything GOP/Trump try to push thru.
Typical Diversion&Distraction ...
You guys voted!!! Why won't you stop him
@DanceMyVoice gop has no soul. No shame. Greedy bastards. Destroying USA.trump putin
Amen.  They have no shame.
In truth, they'd have done it with all spotlights blazing.
@DeityFree draining the swamp?
That is prime example why we need to take the people's house back so laws will reflect the people's best interests not banks or Wall Street.
Dark Money Shame. Vote Against the GOP 2018,2020 and Save AMERICA
Like roaches they come out in the dark
Dark Money Shame on the GOP DRAIN THE POOR AND MIDDLE CLASS vote Against the GOP 2018,2020. RESIST
They don't care if we get ruined again as long as Wall Street makes their profits
I guess this.means I don't need to call your office and ask you to fight for regulations. Thank you dor your diligence.
#Shame @GOP karma sucks!
That is their strategy! Cause or use chaos to gut what made USA great! They are RUINING America! #ShameOnGOP #VoteOutGOP 2018 #FireTrump
What's going on with fast track of #AHCA through Senate. What are @SenateDems doing.
Indeed.
Of course they did and they will continue to do it. Health care becomes wealth care. Rules and regs stripped to help rich become richer. Sad
Asshats. They're despicable sub-humans.
All I hear from you is your ability to multi-task, now it’s hard?  You should have skipped the ‘spotlight’.
What can we do to correct that?
Yes! Acknowledged Sen. Kamala Harris  of Oakland, California ,2:00pm.@weatherchannel Watching TRUTH
U snooze U looze, when U waste your term time on nonsense. They were simply doing what their constituents voted them 2 do. No, SHAME on U
I feel even when we have the majority we are still losing to these troglodytes. Why is that?
Good work GOP! By any means necessary, just like you crooked liberals. It's no fun when it happens to you is it?
It doesn't fit their narrative
Senator, Can you please shut down all non-essential business in the Senate until there is public hearings for AHCA? A 95223 voter.

BUT - They don't feel shame...... The Dems need to get ferocious and fight fire with fire. Time to get Machiavellian on their arses..
And now the Senate must make sure it doesn't pass!
i am alarmed at the rapid, reckless wealth/power grab at the expense of everyday citizens — we are being scammed and cheated at every turn
Yes. Shameful indeed. 2008 was a painful enough lesson, which prompted the protections that were rolled back. Greed is a powerful motivator
Sneaky little weasels aren't they...
Just blame it on global warming or the Russians
So that doesn't seem to be legislation they are proud of.
Typical
"DEPLORABLE "
And they are proud of it 
"Today we passed Dodd-Frank repeal. Years of too-big-to-fail and bank bailouts are coming to an end." Darrel Issa
If your sorry party weren't consumed w chasing Trump impeach windmill, maybe they'd have heads out of asses long enuf to do their jobs!
I was thinking the same thing!!!!
I love your were ahead of everyone on Sessions. Keep the up the good work.
that was an action that put in risk the financial stability of the country and by the way the national security...
this is the result of the media not doing its job, nice try...
the fact that they weren't in the "spotlight" falls squarely on the media...that's my point
They're gutless.
Excellent job at the hearings senator
Whine whine whine. Gotta problem? You're a big girl now. Go write legislation. Show those old white guys how tough you are.
@GOP will prop Trump up while they gut everything .when they are done ,or he is finally arrested they will stand by and do nothing! Traitors
#Votethemout2018
Despicable! @SpeakerRyan
We'll remember every November.
I honestly don't know how they sleep at night !!
With Hillary NOT in the White House they are SLEEPING WELL!
Democrats didn't show up? Really?
every House Dem voted against it
I was being facetious. i'm sure they did. (didn't really think they didn't show) 
Beware the distractions
.    The fact that dems didn't foresee this pisses me off! Come on you guys...get your shit together!
They did. The issue is the vote essentially went down party lines.
The rep for my district still hasn't released a statement about it. At all.
This is the most corrupt GOP I've ever witnessed in my entire life.
