8 yr old should be playing, having fun,THE PARENTS R ABUSING THIS KID AN SHOULD B JAILED OR IN A NUT HOUSE
How about find a school that takes them? Biology says you're either a male or female. Do the tranny thing on your own time.
An 8 year old girl will not be fully mentally competent until she is 25.  Apply science to social issues instead of false news.
Her parents ought to be arrested for mentally abusing this child. TRANS IS A MENTAL ILLNESS & SHOULD NOT BE ENABLED! #xxxyonly
Will you file an amicus brief on her behalf? Introduce trans rights legislation? Will you do something besides post?
When she was Attorney General she did, so she doesn't just "post" without action.  We shall see.
thank you for sharing this. I hope she continues good work such as this.
When did you know you were male? Do you even understand what transgender means?
Wasn't talking down,sorry.Trans just means u don't feel same gender as sex u were born as. So was legit ? - u knew u were male before 8 yes?
No, because of whatever genetic makeup u,& I, have, there was continuity btwn the two. But others, whether it's a genetic alternative that..
..came fr some selection in our evolutionary history, or just a genetic difference,feel like 1 gender in their brain but other gender bodily
But they have just as much right to live & be happy as anyone so we should try to accommodate them, & everyone not hurting others,in society
Why do u jump to conclusion about hormones & surgery? Transitioning for kids is just about clothing & pronouns. #EducateYourself #TransKids
Thank you for being a vocal advocate 
Does it matter that this is a private school? I hope not.
It does matter. They set their standards you decide if you can live with those standard. If not pick a school that you can live with.
Wrong.
Would seem school made adjustment to rules by allowing child to grow hair out. That infers they acknowledged difference in child.
But they state no discrimination against age, race, gender etc. Changing rules on the fly would seem at very least problematic.
Unfortunately, the lawsuit won't work until sexual orientation is made a protected class. The case should be appealed and made widely known!
Good job! I'm positive this kind of stuff will get the blue collar union workers back on your team! What a joke.
I applaud the courage of this youngster and family! Good on them for supporting & loving their child!
Wow great read I'm lost for words this is pretty complex & that is a understatement the child well being was not protected by the school
(Looks like the Obama family)
If only bigots understood—it’s not skin colour or sexual orientation that defines a person and makes us equal—it’s what’s inside our heads.
I only want to express 1 word for people as lifeless as you. That word is "Nincompoop". Suggestion: take a class, read a book, get educated
Would a biology class suffice?
Great focus, you're working on the things that help all Americans. Jobs, tax relief, illegal immigration.... Oh wait, no your not!
She's working on those things too. Some of us can do more than one thing at a time.
Sorry, meant working on making them better
http://www.latimes.com/local/california/la-me-homeless-national-numbers-20151120-story.html …
HE isn't a girl, HE is a boy. HE needs help, NOT to be enabled.
Just let America be great again...
His parents should be jailed for child abuse
lolololol
8yo kids aren't trannys unless mom & dad tell them.   Let kids be kids for crying out loud
They will always exist but we won't feed into there delusions. #XX #XY
bahahahahaha
Those parents should be charged with child abuse
She's fucking 8. Her parents should be arrested
What is the definition of "girl"?
What is it about Nikki that fits that definition?
Just saying it, does not make it true.
Please be fair: study both sides & you'll find HOPE really tried to accommodate her while being mindful of other students, i.e compromise.
Whacked out America Kamala!
2nd part is, its a private school. Treat all kids eqlly, level the field and give each child access to quality education, not just the rich.
Good for her she is entitled to equal right & treatments 
Never Kamala
.@Acosta a great family. Definitely worth reading!
Thank you for your service to this country!!!
X and Y chromosomes. That's all there is. Until another chromosome is discovered there's only boys and girls.
Transgender children = child abuse.
Nice goal. Reality Check
Unfortunately, the Sessions/Trump DOJ has already eviscerated federal standing on these issues.
Thank you senator harris for sharing this sweet girl's story
#transrightsarehumanrights
#OnlyYou Dems are obsessed with identity politics #FreakShow
Thank you Senator Harris #EqualJusticeForAll
So let's just let the free markets take care of this. Just take her to a school that is ok with her trans. life.
You're Christian, you don't understand free. If u did, you'd free your mind first. Since when were schools part of free market?
The kid is suffering from gender dysphoria. Parents should take responsibility, and home school. Don't force public to pander to a child.
Thats pretty ignorant.
What's ignorant is catering to the delusions of a child. If the kid identifies as a dog, do you cater to that? The kid needs help.
Thinking is mental. He needs help
Your thinking is mental. You need help.
Thank you for confirming that the thought process is a mental thought process
You don't even understand what you mean.
This is very simple that even a lib should understand. Thinking is mental not biological. To disagree with that is insane
Define mental. What inside the body is not physical?

I can search myself. I'd like to know your understanding. And where mind stops & brain begins.
Yes @DNC @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems @SenKamalaHarris you keep resisting we keep United 

Vote your #criminal party home/prison/institution
A dictatorship
Its sad that it has come to this but I admire her for standing up for her rights. Schools need to get on board with the trans agenda. It's
Not a choice, it's who you are. My friend has just come out in her forties, hidden who she is for so long out of fear.
Your friend has nothing to do with it. School sets contract with a family, the family signs it.  Now they want to change it.
Not all contracts are enforceable. And no contract should include discrimination in education.
This is absurd anyways because you don't know what the schools contract says you're just trying to discredit her ability to counter it.
Dear @SenKamalaHarris May I also ask u to post a comment in the comment section of our petition page after singing. @hrw #JusticeforAnwar
@SenKamalaHarris the U.S. has shut all its doors on Refugees & hates us all so much. Will u still allow me to ask u Sign/Share our petition?
Exactly!  Thank you Senator!! Justice for Nikki. #JusticeForAll (Unifying message for #Democrats!)
One in five children in USA living in poverty. We need economic justice, not rhetoric.
@KamalaHarris this CHILD is too young to even know she is transgender.  This whole thing is ridiculous. Smh
You're old enough to learn facts. You're ridiculous. Smh
No YOU are. Infinity.   Humans are born one of two possible genders. To imagine that you are another is delusion.
Just now Sen.Kamala Harris, your tweet (notification) TRUTHFULLY, 1min ago, 10:13am CT, A Good Wednesday, (FAMILY) My Tweets Always to YOU!
