Um, didn't you also say Hillary would win, and then blame her butt-whippin on Russia? 
So this tax plan won't save Donald and his billionaire buddies lots of money... because Hillary lost?
Didn't say that. Did say I don't trust @nytimes.
You're assuming that Trump pays taxes now. I wouldn't, which may make his comment potentially truthful
He paid 38 million in 05. How much have you contributed to the bloated Federal Government?
Trump spent 21 million in 1 trip of travel, Obama spent 100 million total in all 8 years. He's contributing alright.
As American Citizens are dying in Puerto Rico,  Trump golf's
That's 20 dollars per person in the entire island of Puerto Rico.
Lord. Read the article. It’s after he dies the estate tax is gone. It doesn’t save him anything. He would be dead and wouldn’t benefit. Everyone I know hates the estate tax. Basically your money is taxed twice.
The Party of Personal Responsibility wants.to enshrine permanent aristocracy on children of the rich. You get 5 mil tax free.
I pay income tax and then sales tax, yet it's the tax that puts rich kids in a situation where they might have to work a day that gets press
Under Eisenhower, top marginal tax rate was a hair over 90% (so any money made above 3.4m adjusted for inflation. Yet the 50s (every...
Conservative's favorite decade) seemed to do ok. What a socialist America-hater Ike was, huh?
Anyhow, people with more than $5m don't wear camo UA hats, so you're either a rube or a bot.
Actually people that hunt do.
Why are you carrying water for the super-rich?
I udon't my nephew nephew son of a eyenephew ynephew who and is so the young nephew
I udon't can yes you can do that
Chile. Despertó.  No les cree a ningún  pplitico  son todos de  derecha  burgurs
@realDonaldTrump will of course benefit. He doesn't do anything for average Americans, only the rich. He can't run a company or country.
Can't run a company? He has made several billion dollars more than once and then got himself elected President.
Donald Trump is a liar!
I u you you are have can to do with so do not can
Run sour donuts are the so nice
#Deplorables A must read Wowowee
Eye can be do not nice
GREAT, HE DESERVES IT, AS LONG AS THE DEMS CAN NO LONGER TAKE 30% FROM MY HARD EARNED MONEY I'M HAPPY FOR OUR GREAT PRESIDENT TO ALSO GET $
Srs para que uds  sepan  el. Mentor. De  las   afp en chile  jpse.  Piñera  no. Se
The so app far y yyou yes
Pfft. If he paid taxes.
Ironically, it's possible he's telling the truth here, and it's possible this tax plan will raise revenue. We'll know when we see his taxes.
Corrupt and apparently unstoppable
The app do you like it the other yapp app is nice  nice y
If he said it then it’s a lie. He does benefit.
Always lying, everytime he opens that big mouth. Sad waste of space.
Trump is a pathological liar, in addition to a would-be despot. Must be removed before he ruins America.
Ruin America? You mean like Barry did for 8 loooong torturous years? @realDonaldTrump has a nob to try and undo the damage Barry did to us
Si. El vive con   100.000. Mil peSos.  Chilenos.  Hermano de sebastiian. Piñer
#impeachtrump
I can don't you have think e
#TrumpLIES #TaxReform #TaxCutForRich #TrumpTrain #MAGA WAKE UP!!! 
I've learned that if Trump's lips, or thumbs, are moving, he lying. Period.
No worse than Obama and least I will get more money
Stop bringing up Obama to justify how utterly disgusting, deplorable, and disconnected Trump is.
Look I spent 8 years having to live with Obama you can live 8 years with trump and more money in the bank
You spent 8 years with Obama? Interesting.
I i  and she is the woman selfish y
Your credibility is flawed by using a 12 year old tax return.it’s a damm shame how you mislead people,  you should be ashamed of yourself
your analysis also showed he would lose the election
He did lose
Like you can don't have e
Aaaaaand we're STILL waiting in those tax returns. Fraud trump
Why would you be doing that?
According to what he said everyone will be paying less taxes.  Believe me I hate taxes.  But if he cuts them for everyone who pays?
It isn't a cut for everyone, go look at the proposal. Some middle class Americans are actually going to get a net hike.
I looked over it. When his faithful base starts loosing money their tune will change
9 months ago I would have agreed with you. Now, I have no earthly idea what it would take for these people to see the light.
You start messing with their money and everything changes
Hypocrite. Liar.  Bully. Abuser. Racist. Chauvinist. Traitor.
Impeach!
Who cares
Trump us first and foremost corrupt.
When you’re as crappy at math as everything else. Including telling the truth.
Let's wake up people. Nothing this man does is about us, the middle income families.
He is a lying asshole. He is only for helping himself.
All he does is lie! https://trumpforprison.org/blogs/commentary/trump-lies-september-edition …

Lord of the Lies
WTF
This doesn't surprise anyone. The President lies and practices deception. Sadly, it's at the expense of American lives. #WorstPresidentEver
So?
Please make this public blast it.
I think this plan is awsome. He's helping the middle class and taxing the upper class. Good job MR president we love you.
Liar
Didn't he give up ties to his businesses? And how do we know your fake news didn't alter the document?
Liar liar

Why am I not surprised!
That is no surprise. Trump hasn't paid taxes in a decade, you know he isn't going to start now. Everything Trump does since taking office benefits him, his family or his businesses in some way. #25thAmendmentNow #WorstPresidentEver
Very smart!
Riiiiiiiiiiiiiight!!
STILL not enough to pay back $3 BILLION to Putie though....
Liar
You are same people that mock His wealth and say he doesn’t even have a billion.  I don’t care either way but make up your mind
Y is any1 surprised that @POTUS is lying about his tax plan benefiting him. He hasn't released his returns. How's that audit going @POTUS ??
Oh and one more thing he lies about everything.  And yet GOPers still eat his lies up like they are 100% fact
@realDonaldTrump #LiarInCharge #DictatorInCharge
how much of his own money did use to become POTUS? how much of it is he losing by not accepting POTUS salary or getting from his org now?
Trump once again proves he is laying
Not surprised!
If you believe trump when he says "I DON'T BENEFIT" then you deserve to pay more so the rich can become richer!! 
Saving $1.1 BILLION,SURE!
It's a tax break for the rich...
Wowwwwww!!!! Then donate all to the poor!
As Mulder and Scully used to say, "The Truth is out there."
Yra, he really does benefit!
And then he will pass the savings on to you!! 

Oh right. 

No. 
He won’t.
It is amazing how much the Left hates conservatives. Doesn’t matter if it’s a conservative in the military or an elderly church going woman
I am not surprised, and quite frankly no one should be at this point.
So sad
He may not benefit DIRECTLY, but his businesses will. When he says "BELIEVE ME", he's lying.
This is why he ran for president and why he will never resign. Its ALLLLLLLLLLLLL about enriching himself
lier...show your income tax returns!
Its a LIE. PERIOD.
#Liar-iN-chief
So sad.
@joshgroban This was his agenda from day one. I knew he'd change the tax plan to benefit his needs.
Has he ever told the truth?
Liberal hate is showing!
of course!!!!!!!
And he used to employ how many. Lame NYT lame. Wow how much do you people make? I hope not much for terrible journalism.
Fake news NY times!
over a lifetime?
LOL
Show us your tax return @POTUS, let us decide who will benefit.
Shocker!!
This Trump lie has a reason.
Obviously this is Fake News. When one is dead one does not gain anything. This is factual science. Not theories.
Let's get one thing straight. It's your money & property & not the governments. Private money  built this country not Gov. money.
@realDonaldTrump show us your taxes you cheat
The liar in chief strikes again.
Well duh!
Yeah the lies keep on comin
So!!!!!!!! What's your point.
Not surprised.
The New York DNC Times is so full of shit they will lie or do anything to go against trump
I believe the NY times over DJT.
Perfect: he can give it all to Puerto Rico
Un delincuente convertido en presidente
could, might, maybe, stupid NYT.
Show us your taxes @realDonaldTrump
And when the “failing NYT” attack tweet comes....you can rebut with
What?  You mean he might have lied?
Over  how many years?  Now someone gets penalized for having a great business...
Wait what, At the bottom it says Trump would pay 3 to 5 more million dollars in taxes because deductions would be cut
A billion dollar lie. Leave it to Trump.
Trump is telling you the truth.
OMG, he lied? 

Just kidding ... we all know he did 
Tax reform is to wipe his debt clean & produce maximum long-term profit
#PhuckYouTrump
Cheater and a liar!
I guess this means businessmen can never run for office.
He needs another billion like a hole in the head,
Why the hell do you think he ran for president? To feed his narcissism and to enrich himself and his friends. Nuff said.
Thank You NYT.

Trump's real thoughts. Oh gee, what's your problem? I'm the greats and most intelligent person on the planet but my children are stupid.
WeLl ALL Sane Rational People NO Different; ONLY Klump STUPID SON Of BITCHES Supporters Believes that SON Of BITCH!
.
45 the lying outlier of the WH strikes again
Lie number...oh, crap, we all lost count.
Bless those interns and reporters who had to the math. Jesus.
Not Rubles. He won't care.
Tax savings would be more like $44M/yr before creative accounting. Don't include the estate tax bc he can't take it with him.
Why would anybody believe NYT's analysis regarding anything Trump? Serious question. NYT is not reliable.
Conflict of interest in every way for this man to be our president. When will we say enough?!!
ANALYSIS COMPLETE: You sure like to do your in-depth analysis for anything that isn't related to Obama and Hillary, don't you?

CONFIRMED
#TrumpLies NO tax bills should be passed until the American people see his taxes. #ImpeachTrump #ShowUsYourTaxes
Trump lies...a lot
Haha Trump lied - surprise! The joke is on his base and the rest of us stuck in the quicksand because  of the “Ugly Americans” and  Russia.
@realDonaldTrump he is never going to stop lying... and neither will the GOP..the slimy swamp... they just want the money in their pocket..they don't care about ppl..
#ReplaceGop2018
So what?!!!  Its bc he pays a lot u dopes..
Hi Trumptards - please note if you make 50k, you're supposed to save $9 a week. You can buy another 6 pack of bud.  #FuckYouDonaldTrump
This is some of the worst garbage I've ever read. This analysis is based on @realDonaldTrump dying. I wouldn't call that a benefit.
When does he tell the truth?
Probly true. He would only benefit if he actually *paid* taxes, and we have no evidence that he does.
Have you been under a rock? Maddow showed he paid more in taxes in one year than you and I will earn in a lifetime
The man lies every time he opens his pie hole.
Like there was ever any doubt.. #trumpbankrumptingamerica #draintheUS
No one can possibly be surprised by this news.
How disingenuous can u possible be? Your "analysis" includes him dying. I don't think that's a benefit to him.
Since neither you nor The NY Times has his tax returns this is pure speculation and a partisan political attack.
You'd have to be a total fool to ever believe a word our 'president' states, it's ridiculous how often Trump lies, or just makes up info.
#FakeNews
the Alt Min Tax is necessary to capture revenue from yobs like donjon
Somebody tell him that Obama will benefit from these tax cuts as well. They will be cancelled before you can finish his name.
The estate tax effects a small percentage of the population, but those people who don't need it. Why increase the deficit for this?
How is that not benefitting?
What a shameless liar we all know Donal Trump IS!
Now he can pay US back for trips,vacation, baby sitting Barron in ny , the list is long contractors get in line!!!

That is estate tax that will only benefit heirs. The money was taxed when earned why would you advocate for taxing the money again?
By now we should know to think the exact opposite of what Trump says to be true.
That's  good! Every time we have had significant cuts the economy has increased greatly. People against tax cuts are against jobs!
He does benefit. Just lowering his tax rate benefits him. 3% of millions or billions is significant. 2% to the poorest Americans is also big
that's assuming he's not lying about his net worth.
Media outlets working to uncover the truth behind Trump's new tax plan which the administration claims does not benefit the wealthy #j2150bg
Seriously, how the hell are we to know #Trump will benefit or not from his #TaxReform, when the scumbag hasn't publicly released them. #smh
Have you been under a rock? Maddow showed he paid more in taxes in one year than you and I will make in a lifetime.
First, I believe POTUS before I believe you as you've made it abundantly clear you are after him for anything and 2nd he is a taxpayer
Never believe anything Trump says about anything.
Many Trump supporters don't care if he lies, cheats & wastes tax payer money as long as they get to make America white again. It is sad.
How can @realDonaldTrump change the racial makeup on the United States? That is a strange statement to make
If only there was some way to know the truth? Can anyone think of one?
And you really thought the con man in-chief buffoon would do otherwise? The "fleecing of America"..Trump style! And we just sit and watch.
Can you read?
Of course YOU and your family benefit!
He doesn't benefit less Alternative Minimum Tax.   Less 31 million on tax return.
Trump said LLCs will benefit greatly. He, Kushner and Ivanka all have hundreds of LLCs.
@SenKamalaHarris could. Idiots. I could turn into a toad tonight
Who cares..as long i can grt some tax breaks for my 12 employees
Potus is a lying sack of crap.
Yet...no one says anything that OBAMA left office with 175 million in his bank account? Hahahaha
Now, we can put a price tag on a @realDonaldTrump lie: 1.1 Billion.Dollars.
Are you that gullible to believe a loony alt-left liberal article fill with "could". All kinds of things "could" happen
Yeah.  They could be right.
Too many variables for anyone to make a judgement call about what "could" happen in the future.
Believe me!  That's his tell when he's lying
@realDonaldTrump
@POTUS  just how do you lie so easily?!?! Is it second nature-so u don’t even realize ur doing it-or d u think we r that stupid? Serious ?
Surprise Surprise!
@realDonaldTrump Lying Dotard!
Ofcourse ,, Dumb Donnie the Dotard Dunce,  high lord of Dimwits,  caught in 'another'  lie We're all shocked !!! 
Of course it benefits him. Does anyone actually believe he would do anything ever that doesn't benefit him? More lies.
Trump is a pathological liar.U can't believe ANYTHING he says.N fact,if he said"I don't benefit"he truly means I benefit bigly! #LiarInChief
