ALL of USA's most-murderous cities have been exclusively controlled by Democrats for generations. Let's start there.
This is an AMERICAN problem. The same correlation does also hold up on a state by state basis, however. More guns = more gun violence. duh.
If you want to solve a problem, you go to where the problem is.
This chart is bullshit.
I welcome challenges to the data. Where exactly is it wrong? I'll gladly correct it.
bull shit or not it is entirely inconsequential to the argument of gun reform.
Do you want to ignore it because most of the victims are Black? My guess is no. Then why do you want to ignore it?
As this chart shows, gun violence is actually worse in states that don't have major cities. None of these cities in worst states.
I was thinking u were different just like Hillary taking tragedy to talk about gun violence. LA Chicago NY gun control have more killings 

I’m not going to respond with a negative remark thank you for the graph from 2013
I'm for getting military style AK-47, AR-15, & high capacity gun magazines off the streets NOW! Those assault rifles should be banned.
Please work on gun control otherwise talk is cheap.
democrats should not be allowed to own guns.
STOP THE BILL ON SILENCERS
let's talk about Emanuel Kidega Samson. you know the Sudanese immigrant that shot up a Tennessee church in September. remain silent we know!
I plan to find and Tag all posts about this coverup with #LasVegasShooting and #LasVegasMassacre since CNN and MSNBC won't
Should be illegal with repugs sleeping with NRA!&Look @ all $ they;ve given Mien Kampf trump &Swamp Rats Cabinet!$&Guns more important!
Right you are Harris. And while we are at it, what do we do about thugs like these?
Civilians don’t need guns. Nobody in d wilderness/fighting off bears or exterminating indigenous. Sadly done already. Wake up its 21st C!
Civilians don’t need guns. Nobody carving in d wilderness/fighting off bears or exterminating indigenous. Sadly done already. Its 21st C
These guns that kill all these people arent trained right. I trained my gun to bring me taco bell.
ENOUGH statements,do something. We are all tired of thoughts&prayers and demand #gunsense and competence in our gov't
Time to #GetWokeOrDie
We hear you. Text CONTACT to 38383 and we’ll help you send the message to your elected officials loud and clear.
I scream at my elected officials and others in Congress at least 3 times a week. We need a more secure platform and organization
Nothing will happen until members of Congress forego NRA money. Period! Until that becomes the focus of any discussions, nothing will happen

We make changes if we think there's  a terrorist threat.  We make changes if a product is dangerous. Why do we ignore harmful gun laws. Sad
We pass laws forbidding taking   plug out of shotguns because according to the law no animal would have a chance. Are we less than animals?
59 deaths, 527 injuries and racist, obstructionist Kamala Harris starts 2nd Amendment attacks, politicizing Las Vegas melee. Vote her out
AGAIN... people who want guns will find a way to get them! You can ban whatever you want. It won't stop this!
Do the majority of gun deaths (suicide) now need to be reclassified as gun violence/personal murder? Asking for a friend @TheJusticeDept
Why are your thoughts on Atlanta?
national tax on new gun sales to help support victims' families in future attacks

This is not good enough. My family and I will be burying 2 family members because of this and there is a silencer bill coming up.Fix Gun Law
Kamala, The Answer to Who Will Be President in 2020   https://medium.com/@aihammer/the-answer-to-who-will-be-president-in-2020-c9d27d1b3886 …
This is a fraud trying to be president! Doesnt belive in progressive values!
Short of magical fairies making all guns disappear off earth. Name 1 law that would have prevented Vegas shooter?
Why wasn't the @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems screaming for Gun Control when a Radical Leftist @BernieSanders supporter shot Steve Scalise?
You MUST work on a gun control bill NOW. Further gun violence will be on the hands of an intransigent Congress & leaderless president.
Because you've done so well reducing crime in CA.  Well done.  A DOUBLE digit increase in violent crime.
America; bought and paid for by Gun Lobby/Manufacturers and the @NRA , and gutless politicians (present company excluded)
More people die from malpractice than guns. When are we going to address that issue?
Finally, a US senator offering more than just sympathy and condolences.
How a thought on regulations to keep us safer

#Breaking:#GunControl in #Europe almost no right to bear arms.It hasn't stopped #MassShooting attacks like #LasVegas http://www.foxnews.com/opinion/2017/10/02/gun-control-in-europe-is-almost-total-it-hasnt-stopped-mass-shooting-attacks-like-las-vegas.html …
Yesssss!
Many people thinking like you R cheering that PEOPLE who might have supported Trump are dead- b cause of THAT, will never give up guns.
Its worse in Chicago yet you never talk about that.
Here's my thoughts..
Hillary Clinton & gun control. 
How about #BlackOnBlackCrime
Don't be distracted from defeating Billionaire Tax Cut.
Right. Disarm the police.

Typical liberal ceasing the opportunity to push political agenda.  Our right to bears arms was created so we could fight against the likes of you, a tyrannical leftist govt.   Stop yapping about gun laws!
@eclecticbrotha 
Surgeon General Murthy was opposed by the @NRA because he rightly identified the scourge of gun violence.
@eclecticbrotha 
Gun violence IS Epidemic.
Remember when Vivek Murthy said that gun violence is a threat to public health?
So are trucks!
The next time you see the Republican governor of Kentucky would you please verbally assault his dumbness for the majority of us? Please
What are you going to do, please?
Firearms are very strictly govnt controlled here in Canada. Such incidents of mass gun violence are virtually unheard of here.  Thank God.
"the U.S. suffered a total of 8,813 murders involving the use of firearms [in 2012]. Canada... recorded just 172 firearms-related homicides"
Although our way works for us, I realize that America will have to chart its own independent solutions.... if that will ever be possible.
I would prefer your legislative action in Congress. Perhaps a bill of some sort?
Every day, 91 Americans are killed by gun violence. @SenKamalaHarris , it's time ban automatic weapons & pass common-sense laws.
Gun control @SenKamalaHarris - gun control laws need to be written and passed,. This is a bipartisan issue. Makes no diff what the WH wants.
Your sickness amazes me....
#LeftistTerrorism the shooter was a democrat
Or perhaps
Hey did you think maybe....
You have actual thoughts worth reading
I pray tht every single family member who lost a loved one today, will rise and fight for a gun ban. I hope they don't stop until they win.
134 children die annually in school bus related accidents...wanna ban the school bus?
Your a fukn Senator right? Shouldn’t u know the ban of 1986?


Thank you @SenKamalaHarris
You get stupider by the day. Just stick to porno movies you might have a future there!!
Did you take an oath to the Constitution? Then obey it & protect Americans’ unalienable rights. Stop the foolishness.
Thank you,we need these messages f/you and every other compassion person in office. You really are the future KAmala. Thanks for all you do.
Of those "90 killed every day", how many are black on black inner city crimes? Clean up that first. Take their guns away
U need to check the government stats because you are way off you are a liar
Maybe you should go to the gun range and meet the actual fine and very law-abiding citizens and learn why we SHOULD have guns. ...
... None of the Knee-Jerk reactions that the mainly Democrat Anti-Gun crowd calls forth and POLITICIZES tragedies such as this. ...
... I stand for my right to bear arms, as it is a great hobby and also empowers me to actually defend myself if the need arises, as you wont
At first you seemed to care about the victims in Las Vegas. Now you are back attacking the second amendment. You are a political hack.
SORRY NO GUN GRAB HERE..NOT GONNA WORK..PRY IT FROM OUR COLD DEAD HANDS FIRST..
YOU WILL NOT TAKE  GUNS FROM LAW ABIDING CITIZENS LEAVE US AT THE MERCY OF MADMEN. DID YOU WANT TO TAKE CARS FOR THOSE WHO RUN PPL OVER TOO?
Senator Harris thanks for using the Las Vegas tragedy to make a political point we know where your thoughts really are
Sen., polls indicate majority agrees w/ you & yet-nothing. Both sides of aisle culpable.Who needs foreign enemies when this is commonplace?
Impractical? #LasVegas could show it's respects by going dark for a day: No shows, no casinos, only hotels, food stores & restaurants open.
@humaneffect Kamala you are trying to hard.
He broke the hotel windows. That’s malicious destruction of property. Against the law. Did it stop him?
Let's pretend our inner cities don't produce more deaths each and every day, right Kamala?
And what are your policy recommendations, Senator, to solve this? You must have some. Tell us
Let's stop leaving it up to Congress. Let the American people vote on gun control. #Iwontbackdown
Why don’t you care about black on black crime that is destroying black communities. You are fake like all politicians.
I urge you to repeal and replace the 2nd Amendment.

That whole #resist thing got me thinking the left would take over by force if we can't protect ourselves.
90 people a day? 32,850 people a year? Would love to know where you get your made up facts
what's sad is that in spite of the obvious truth of your words, there are those seeking to make it about partisan politics.
With over 20,000 laws in the books,,,
Yeah,,,just ONE more would have stopped it,,
*smdh*
If a heart is evil enough to murder, they will, be it with guns, knives, sticks, rocks or hands. The killing is in the heart, not a weapon.
You're not gonna kill 60 people from your hotel window in 10 minutes with rocks. It takes an army-grade assault rifle to accomplish that.
There's no such thing as "gun violence," Senator, but there are increasing numbers of VIOLENT DEMOCRATS using guns to kill others.CHICAGO
#STFU
#CutAndPaste
Too bad you couldn't stop at condolences..you just had to make it political. 
Sickening.
We don't need ur thoughts. Your party & MSM spew hatred and anti-Trump rhetoric every day. You're surprised these kind of incidents happen?

As a U.S. Senator, stop talking and work to sponsor legislation that fixes the problem.
Great concrete plan on how to fix things, thank you for that incredible insight.

TODAY trump should issue a stop on any automatic gun and high capacity ammo until this sorted out! @realDonaldTrump makes good EO.
when you acknowledge that the violence is not caused by the guns, but by the perpetrator.Stop pandering political agenda over tragedy.
now now...drubk drivers aren't responsible either...its the cars fault....and spoons made me chubby...and common core works perfectly 
You want honest acknowledgement but say 90 per day killed by gun violence.  Over 1/2 of those would have to be suicide for it to be true.
And next the @GOP will pass legalisation for #SILENCERS???????
Society and politicians are the same. Some are good and have great motives, others like yourself are evil and care nothing for the outcome.
Jambalaya, like every lefty, never misses a chance to politicize a tragedy.
What are your thoughts about the violence that takes place every day in Chicago, a city with strict gun laws?
have some class at lease wait till they get a body count before attempting to profit from a tragedy for ur political propaganda 
Funny you and Hollywood never tell your security details to get rid of their weapons.
the gunman was a democrat should we ban democrats from our country
As one black female attorney to another  please answer me this: how has gun control worked in Chicago?Has it stopped the killing of our pol?
Question Dems do not want 2 hear bc they have no answer. Effect of position is 2 take guns from those who do not misuse them. Not happening.
we don't care what your thoughts are your a socialist who wants government control.The gun used was illegal gun control would not work

#HillaryLost #MAGA
That's ok they get nothing out of that
Gotta love how #NeoCons are politicizing the #MandalayBay #VeasShooting  to push #GunControlNow #BringBackLiberty #WildstarForGovernor2018
Thank you. We are #VegasStrong
Outlaw high capacity magazines.
@LesterJ76130762
thank you senator. i agree with you wholeheartedly and support your attempts to improve federal gun laws.
Please run for President.
"...so I will be introducing legislation in the US Senate banning political contributions by the NRA, then gun control legislation."
Why don't you start in Chicago where our kids are being killed everyday!!!
2nd amendment doesn't say we have the right to use armed tanks, AK47's, any gun or piece of weaponry that was designed for war that can...
~ These people who do not want any gun control are the most greedy and unscrupulous people, who ever walked the face of this earth. ~
... and now Ms. Harris, there's an ongoing shooter situation =  #USC
You gonna take a knee for the Chicago black on black gun violence?Shame your sorry @$$ had to pol. this tragic event before the blood dried
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris thanks for the work you do in the senate to try to pass gun control laws. May you succeed.
Thank you, Senator Harris. Rapid-fire automatics with large capacity magazines have only one purpose - mass casualties.
Fight back! With votes and calls! No hunter needs an AK-47! Stop these massacres! Other countries have and we can as well!
Sharon...you do realize that any citizen who purchases a legal long rifle....that it's not a fully auto weapon right? it's single shot...
Senator Harris, please take steps to acknowledge and curb gun violence in Congress. It's not popular or profitable, but it is NECESSARY.
Enough! We need to do more TODAY! Now!
A lone gunman? Really? He's a terrorist. A terrorist. Period.
Thoughts and prayers and moments of silence are appropriate, but they will not solve the problem of our lack of gun control! NRA rules us!
Me too! Please vote NO on Senate Bill 446
Yeah, because gun control is saving lives in Chicago. THIS ISN'T a gun problem, it's a HATE problem. You aren't helping by politicizing it
Sorry my dear nothing will be done about it
#period kids were killed before and nothing was done what gives us any hope now
Murder and attempted murder is already against the law in all 50 states
I agree but let's not pretend that guns are the only factor at play. #mentalillness in this country is terrible with stigmas against help.
You have the power to make the change. That is why we elected you.
I will Not observe a moment of silence at the same time with those who have souls their souls  to the NRA & allow more guns in the USA than any other industrialized country! I hurt with the victims too much to join the #hypocrites #GOPownsMess #vegasshooting
We could start by removing the armed guards at the congress. You want to take our guns but keep them for yourself.
Thoughts are meaningless....what exactly are you going to do?
pls stand up to the NRA!!!
And where were you when Scalise was shot? Selective outrage again I suspect.
Terrorist attack
Please vote for gun control. California zip 92637
@jennafischer  God-al-fricking-mighty.  You think you could give it a few _minutes_ before jumping on your agenda train ...
... and avoiding all relevant questions of self-restraint, morality, mental health, the fact that laws don't actually prevent ...
... mass murderers from getting weapons, etc.?
The house is voting to pass a law legalizing the use of gun silencers. Making it more difficult to find shooters like the one last night.
Yes , yes , & yes
People should really, keep their political agenda. To themselves today, like let everyone recover. Before you start screaming gun control and other BS both sides are at fault..... We should be united, and do what we can to support our fellow Americans affected by these events.
Please @KamalaHarris, join us in #StopTheWorldDay, Oct 11. Enough is enough. https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10155862107926209&set=gm.1488173351247871&type=3 …
Is America a lost cause? It's gonna take a miracle
We worried about terrorists from other countries when we should be worried about those from our own soil
Tell your colleagues to stop praying and start ACTING.  Enough is enough.
Yes from now on criminals are not allowed to have guns. We'll make them sign a note promising that. Yea that should work...
We have about 42 murders per 100,000 while Singapore and Iceland have homicide rates of lower than 0.3 per 100,000. Time to act!
Bring back the Federal assault rifle ban. Overturn the relaxation on purchase laws for the mentally ill. Don't lessen laws on silencers.
"Prayers" do NOT close shooting wounds and reanimate people! NO  GUNS  NO  SHOOTINGS !  Simple. Like in almost the whole rest worldwide ...
Do you eat paint chips for fun?
Cain killed Abel with a rock. 
OKC bomber used a rental truck and some bomb making stuff... 
Get it?
9/11??
What are yer thoughts on the Sandy Hook HOAX, where NO ONE DIED, and where 1,000s of homes were all fraudulently "sold" on 12-25-09, being funded by the "lost" $6 billion at the State Dept?
#GunControlNow #LasVegasShooting #prayforvegas
No one disputes what you're saying. But it's just words? Are you willing to draft legislation?
When will California secede? I can't wait to be rid of you.
45 & GOP lovers of guns r not going2condemn the donor of most of their campaigns. They don't care as long as it doesn't effect their family!
Yeah, that's right.  All Republicans are just heartless, evil people who don't care about the deaths of others.
How To Be An Asshole After A Terrorist Attack:

1. Immediately use the murder of innocent Americans to your political advantage

2. See #1
GOP IS THE PROBLEM! They equate owning assault weapons to freedom in support of NRA . Vote 2018 4 chge.
Good for you!  Thank you for your post and being my Senator!
Just shut up.  If your not going to take action, shut up.  Tired of politicians and their condolences.
There is nothing to add...
And maybe then move to what is a 'well organized militia'. Because I don't believe private citizen could be in the definition.
Nothing done in Chicago. Again, Sadly, the shooter was a disgruntled mentally unstable Democratic.
Can we please start by asking why modified weapons of war are legal for a private citizen to own?
They...um they aren't. I'm going to assume you're Patrick Star and live under a rock....
