Love her!!
Me too! She makes us brothers mighty proud!!!
As you should be! I'm proud to have her on my side!!
@SenKamalaHarris is beauty and brains! #PowerfulWomen #OnetoWatch.
She is both and I will be, for sure!!
She is as worthless as t**ts on a bull!
Photo is from riding a scooter, touring the Amalfi Coast...what's your excuse Rudolf?
And your nose still glows
Just because you "hope" for something, doesn't mean you will get it.
Guarantee you he doesn't get it.
I get that. But it still needs to be proven to be a punishable crime, right?
What's your prediction?
Comey should have reported the attempted obstruction immediately instead of waiting til after he was fired.
I love you @SenKamalaHarris
no, you didn't.
SenRisch's stupid line of questioning to #DirComey "I hope you can let it go" received a "sweet battering" by @SenKamalaHarris. #Ingenious!!
Kamala your awesome you are very talented.

Red flag #2: Deputy AG Rosenstein wouldn't commit in writing that Mueller has full independence to conduct probe w/o risk of being fired
10/ 
You're idiots. She didn't crush anything. She is just to stuck on herself to let anyone else talk. Just another loud-mouthed failed Dem.
Context is everything. "I hope" etc, is a passive aggressive way of giving an order. I hope you will follow orders bc I want to keep you on.
Exactly, especially when @POTUS was dangling Comey's job right in front of his face like a carrot! Every manipulative ploy by Trump stinks!!
The Pubs are always trying to do some underhanded crap.
Give it a more threatening sound:  some man is attacking a woman, and he says as he holds her down, "I hope you won't scream."
Trump should never have crossed the line in the first place. How hard is that to get? He threatened Comey's job then fired him anyway.
Be sitting in my seat. And we all know what that means.
yeah uhm.. did we watch the same clip?
Robbers never say "I hope" you will do anything. What a stupid point you tried to make.
I'm your constituent & want country b4 party. Comey made it clear why prez right to fire him. Clearly he has a vendetta against prez
Trashy, isn't she. As a senator, nothing better. Bad analogy. And I thought she was a smarty. She sounds like NY senators. @SenKamalaHarris
She's an idiot and only trying to make a name for herself
Love it!
@Dalmatio @TOYSTAR10 @RabbiJill @sjredmond: She's clearly good with word play. Who doesn't know what the intent behind HOPE was
Exactly. I'm glad she came back to that point because those air-head Trump supporters would've latched on to that as vindication.
Harris is the future of this nation. A person of intellect, integrity, vision. Everything our current president is not.  #KamalaHarris
Had a suspicion libs were unhinged and out of touch with reality. Now I am sure.
What a dumb statement.  She seemed so pleased w herself saying it though.
Nothing is dumb about it.  Comey and Harris were both seasoned prosecutors.  Nothing dumb about it.
Kamala, the Witch of California
Robbers don't typically "Hope" for your walllet, and the President wasn't holding a gun to the FBI directors head. Pulls yours out and stop!
What robber would say "I hope you can give me your wallet" 

That's a nice p*ssy you've got there... #ihope nobody grabs it.
Kamala Harris made Risch look totally idiotic.
Republicans have to act out of desperation, trying to place doubt or uncertainty where meaning & intent are obvious. Obstruction.
She is stroking her own ego. I can't wait to vote her out. As a former AG she should know what questions he can answer yet gave us nothing.
If I ever need a lawyer I hope I can afford her woman's a genius and she doesn't tolerate stupid
But Kamala crushed with courtesy!
Hope not
That will sting and smart a while..
You're the bomb, girl! I'm behind you.
We need a realest in office I hope you have plans to go for it someday, you married? jk...lol
You didn't crush anything. You succeeded, as usual, at making a fool of yourself.
Utterly crush? You are delusional.
That why you are a former HA HA HA Good luck maybe you'll get investigated next
2020!!
She's so smart and beautiful ! Classy not trashy 
#GOP ARE NAUSEATING. Making Excuses 4 #Trump the Traitor, the Cheat, Abusive, Lying Thief whose trying to destroy our Country
Thats ridiculous speaking from experience know one ever says i hope when robbing someone at gun pt its stated as an order or threat of death
Slay girl, slay!
I hope. .. décrypté par une sénatrice Delocrate
Wow she is a mentally disturbed cunt A robber and a gun she really pulled this one out of her wide arse.  Worst part is she thinks she smart
So Trump held a gun to Comey's head did he?  Quit grandstanding and get on with the people's business like you were elected to do.
boy kamala - wet kiss to a #Leaker and a #wimp - but openly hostile2 distinguished panel day prior.
Hahahahahahaha

That wasn't utterly crushing that more like an utterly lame attempt to help comey. comey clearing committed perjury here.
Kamala Harris for President!
Well done!
When the president says to you "I hope you will let this go" not once but 3 times, I'm pretty damn sure he's saying "let it go, now".  
Exactly!

Kamala Harris is a liberal hack...this is what a REAL Senator looks like:
You ruled the day with that line ! And, nevertheless, you persisted !

#GOPCoverup2ACoverup: If Trump's Under Investigation, This Will Be Top Secret. So This Notion Trump Is Not Under Investigation. You Think? 
That was the dumbest thing I've ever heard 
Well done ms Harris. Keep it up. I love you.
This was my favorite part of it all! (Gossip-wise) 

@KamalaHarris let it 
#Hope #ComeyDay
Isn't that cute! What robber would ever say that? As a procecutor you sucked. You would not seek the death penalty even for cop killers.
@we_dems truth is no longer an expectation in trumps world and remember the GOP backs this new reality.
It's the history of the Gop. If you are not a liar you donot belong to the GOP. What a shame.
unbelievable how they grab the weakminded.
Really nice job you got there, James. It would be a shame of something happened to it.
I hope you will quit your job and go to Nazi Germany where you belong. California doesn't have your back
Stupid comparison
So proud she's my Senator!
That analogy is so f'n stupid
Harris was an embarrassment and not every polite by constantly interrupting people
No one "owns" Kamala Harris.  The Senator is on top of her game.
Kamala crushed nothing!  Her opening remark was stupid.  compared I hope, to I have a gun to your head?  All following questions deferred.
WONDER WOMAN!!!!!
This was so awesome...brought people back to reality ..after GOP say "hope" wasnt a directive.. ..(alternative facts won't cut it here)
The audacity of hope!
Just being silly but when I heard you say that today I thought of this snap...Great job today, btw 
We need more Senators and politicians in general like you, Senator Harris.
@SenKamalaHarris Amen! Good God! Maybe you be oh so blessed in your endeavors. Irony is your just be real as hell!
Kamala... Ms Harris if you're nasty!
She retreats her own tweets..what a witch
Lmao
Thank you, thank you, thank you! #Persist #MySister
Love my senators! I think you handled that BS nicely Senator Harris! Keep up the good work!
The kind of stupid political grandstanding we've come to expect from Senator Harris.
First off no "robber" say I hope they say GIVE me your wallet. You're making my once great state look pathetic these last two days. RESIGN
Conservative terror is directly proportional to the number of juvenile comebacks polluting a thread. Just an observation.
I hope she runs for President so we can see what crushing really looks like.
Don't be jealous dummy.
Wonder how often the robber is that polite,never!! Just let it go it's over now your just noise.
When I tell you I gagged in delight!!
I love intelligence. Kampala Harris got it!
Boom well played Senator
Notice the liberal "news" uses phrases like "utterly crush this conservative"?  Meaning something lame is coming.
YAS MAAM 
Seriously, you think her humor is intelligent or profound? Harris confuses "Loyalty Oath" with "loyalty." She disdains "legalisms."
That's a stupid analogy that necessarily presupposes that Trump is a criminal. But you will believe what you want for your failed narrative.
Trump had a gun to his head?  Wow, breaking news!
Tired if your showboating and even more tired of your obstruction.  Please show CA voters that you love your country and want to MAGA!
Upper cut to the GOP chin. #kamala2020
When the POTUS says he "hopes you'll stop", fires you when you don't stop,calls you a nutjob and crazy....even a goldfish could understand.
But therein lies the problem: the average Republican & Trump supporter is not as clever as your run-of-the-mill goldfish. #BigLeagueTruth
Clever enough to have voted for the current President. Oh well libtard tears always delicious keep crying.
Oh, I see by your profile you're a paid Trump follower troll. He's not getting his money's worth out of you.
When snowflake libbys become conspiracy theorists. 
The tin foil hat should fit snugly under your biking helmet.
Hell yeah! I hope that you and fellow committee members get to the bottom of this @SenKamalaHarris #trumpgate #ComeyHearings
Please be our senator! Please be our president! Thank you for your clear thinking & patriotism!
Comunication has many components, "I hope" in the case of the robber came with a gun, Trump, I can fire you. Context fundamental.
I'm pretty sure a robber has never said I hope you will give me your wallet. But Kamala is smart and funny. She and her spouse are Swampers.
This lady is BAD! Love her! Such confidence.
I almost fell out of my chair laughing when she said this!
She is Hot #Hotcougar
"Utterly Crush"?
By comparing a robber holding a gun to someone's head to a conversation between two people?
Try this:Instead of thinking of it as a gun, try thinking of it as Comey's job. And how trump pulled the trigger. Simple.
I hope this tweet goes viral. Because hope is an order.
LMFAO r u serious  No one says "I hope u give me ur wallet" during a robbery. Then she went on to ask ?s that couldn't b answered openly 
Apologizing for California to the country for this embarrassing woman. She's a fraud.
No crushing here..just more exposure of how desperate the left is, she used 2 different situations and tried to relate, typical lib
