Once again- how in the hell will this be funded?!?!
You obviously failed math
Barnie picked a horrible time to introduce this billWe have/are out here fighting Daily to keep OCare Alive & now THIS#DisgustedDem
Serious question. Can you not conceive of the possibility of protecting and improving the ACA while gathering support for Medicare for All?
I surely can. In any case, the Medicare for All proposal needs a lot of work. And it's at least 4 years away
I completely agree! It needs so much work and so much convincing that it MUST be pushed for now. Nothing gets done w/o long, hard work.
NOT with the Russian co-opted pussygrabber still squatting in OUR house, need to clear out the trash before getting back to regular order
Does this actually make sense to you?
Bigger fish to fry. AND, I don't trust Bernard, thought him FISHY for awhile. Feels like a distraction, throwing red meat to the bros
Then you are playing directly into Trump's hand. Ignore the issues facing American people because he creates so much chaos. Smh
Who’s paying for it? More of Big Govt wanting to hold the American worker’s paycheck hostage. Get out of our pockets.
They already do, you lying leftist scumbag.
You're the reason I'm glad that @RandPaul is in the Senate. He's an actual doctor, understands "rights" and the implications of enforcement.
Abolish abortion! Life begins at conception. what about the unborn babies
The higher you go with this, the harder the fall.
Which won't happen to many since ALL of you are in favor of funding those abortion clinics known as planned parenthood. Good TRY
How do you propose to pay for this?  You Democrats are fukn nuts.  #KarmaForKamala
Money money money, how about you work to keep Big Government out of our pockets, instead of digging deeper into them?
Thank You!
Pick one. Open borders or healthcare/welfare state. We cannot do both with only half of us contributing.
are you admitting that Obamacare is a disaster?  Moving to 'Medicare for All' will be govt run healthcare...like the VA;  a DISASTER
“Everybody needs to be woke. You can talk about if you’re the wokest or woker, but just stay more woke than less woke."
Historical note: for decades @JohnDingell and his father introduced a national health insurance bill every year in Congress.
Americans should not have to choose between paying their mortgage and paying their doctor bills!

The time for #singlepayer is now!
There's only 1 reason we don't have #UniversalHealthcare in America...

Greedy health insurance companies fight it tooth & nail. PERIOD!
You wanna see how single payer will work? Go visit a VA hospital. See if that’s how you want everyone treated. If so, you’re an evil person
So will this be JerryCare or HarrisCare? And as horrible as #Obamacare?
I've always had access to healthcare even when I had none for 14 years and found Doctors take care of my needs.
And your plan to pay for??  Btw- Medicare is not free- only pays 80% and you must have a supplemental plan at $200-300 month
Crappy healthcare like the Vets....
#PunchEveryone
Nazis were anti Semitic. Start punching Michael!
will you just change your party registration to Socialist? K thanks.
Venezuela made food a "right."  Look what happened.
How about you give yourself a test run on it before you impose it on all the rest of us?
KH: they already have it; what you meant to say was healthcare provided by the State-like in Cuba and Venezuela-try being explicit
Shhhh, dummy
Think it should extend to before birth as well
Many problems can be detected, treated before birth
Or would mothers ins. cover until birth?

And I thought the GOP wanted to get rid of Obamacare? Silly me. 
We already have one of the largest debt:GDP ratios. We can't afford it. Stop pandering.
Two months ago you wouldn't shut up about saving Obamacare. Now you want to get rid of it? What a hypocrite. @BarackObama
You are my senator, and I understand why you are supporting this...but I don't think it's the time. Good luck.
But compel your state to go single payer first, which it can do but won't because of the price tag, then I'll listen.
You know what else is a right? The right to not be taxed to death. We fought a war over that you know. And hey, open borders too, why not?
CBO projects $33 Trillion to make this happen. You willing to cut all of the other handouts you wizards dole out every year?
Access is a tricky word. I have access to Paris, but probably can't afford a trip there.
Who pays for it???       Grow up
How are you and Bernie paying for it?
Stop saying access to healthcare, that's a republican term. Just say it's guaranteed healthcare
That's if your friends at Planned Parenthood don't get them first
Ted Cruz: "Simplify the tax code -  do your taxes on a post card"  How about get healthcare with your social security card
Try giving up congressial healthcare then you will see change in healthcare
If this is 'ploy' to bring barniebros on board, Shame on You
What concerns me, Sen. Harris, is that you're aligning yourself w/Sen. Sanders. Considering what he's done to our party, terrible optics.
YesI'm disgusted w/Dems who are standing w/barnie on thisEspecially @SenWhitehouse whom I really respectedTiming couldn't be worse
We need to keep pounding away @ this. Sanders & crew are obsessed w/taking over Dem Party - & we're NOT having it. All Dems need to say so!
Hey dumny just because you want it does not maKe it so learn the law 

Hell learn to read the bill of rights

#WeThePeople know how ro fix
STOP FALLING FOR BERNIE WHO ISNT A DEM & FOCUS ON CORRUPT PUTIN/RUSSIA/GOPKLAN MONEY IN ELECTION HACKINGS! & get RID OF KOBACH!!!!
After you pony up your share, maybe I'll listen.
#MedicareForAll @LindseyGrahamSC @BillCassidy @GOP Let me acquaint you with a wave. Get on board and hang five!
What do you mean access to healthcare? I have access to a Ferrari, doesn't mean I can afford it. Are you fucking serious? #MedicareForAll
Thank U for supporting this! There is nothing worse than having a sick family member & realizing the horrible choices left to the uninsured
I can see where it would be problematic for party-line Democrats to say "from the day of their conception," but what about prenatal care?

not having healthcare https://twitter.com/FoxNews/status/908032389758234625 …
In 2016 THOUSANDS of Sacramentans showed up for a 3-Day Free Health Care  Clinic. THOUSANDS. And we live in the richest country in the world
Love it BUT wtch Graham-Cassidy ACA Real bill. ACA CANNOT be repealed! 2018 Dems tk House & Senate! Trump wld  to say I GOT UNIVERSAL COV!
Thank you Senator Kamala Harris for fighting for our health care.
I don't disagree. However, under its current format Medicare is a runaway train in terms of costs. How is this paid for? Same benefits?
1/ more Ppl paying directly into system and 2/ the young & healthy while paying won't use it as much as the elderly...offsetting some cost
Will you be on the plan that you are forcing on us?
If you don't say how it will be paid for, I will (sadly) relegate you to Bernie status, which in my book, isn't where you want to be.
Have you went over the bill? Outlines clearly how it will be paid for.

We all need to start doing our own research, don'tyou think?
Unless you provide means for achieving, it's nothing more than a Hallmark card. Give details, not simplistic base nuzzling--that's trump MO
let's build the best HC system in the world to make our country strong, not a fucking useless wall!
We have to get rid of the illegals, tho.
Idiot dems will want them to have it, too.
as an idiot dem,no they shouldn't, truth is they can walk into any hospital now and law says we must treat.
That's why they need to get deported ASAP.
Dems only care about them, because they vote democrat.
of course immigration needs overhauling, but we were talking healthcare, let's get all Americans covered.
How does a baby pay into the system. Please explain? Oh, I pay for that baby that is not even mine.
So, it's a pipe dream. Protect and expand the ACA instead by supporting Pelosi's addition of 50-64 Medicare.
AMEN & AWOMEN!  What the hell are they thinking other than 2020 for their own political aspirations!
Everyone has ACCESS to health care, food, cars. You just have to pay for it.
Medicare for all & single  payer are blanket statements explain the details of these programs, the average American doesn't believe anything
If I lived in California, I'd vote for you.
Great presentation today, Senator--thanks for standing up for what's right and smart.
#ThatsMySenator
We are $20T in debt and our entitlement state is already set for insolvency.  Don't let that stop you from campaning though.
Fine statement if you desire Americans to buy in we need daily life details, have Dems not learned anything? Explain entire process?
Example: I'm a working man my work offers me & my family a policy, now what? I'm a single mom w/ autistic son now what? People need details
Saying blanket statements are trivial to Americans
like most major proposals...I'm sure there will be numerous tweaks before final legislation is put up for a vote. The struggle continues.
Yes. This is senator kamala harris everybody should have medicare for free with no c in Dr. Visits surgeries cancer treatments, eyeglassses
Get rid of all profit.
take the Neanderthal GOP, too
More base for 2020? At a cost of $1.4 trillion/year, how does this get funded? Real questions need real answers, not hastags for votes.
#healthcare for all & recognize #climatechange
At no cost I hope. Otherwise useless
Not if Mitch and Bozo have anything to say about it. LOL
still an idiot
It's a reasonable issue, but it is too early to be thinking about 2020. We have to clean the WH first of the corruption & bombast.
Free healthcare is what we enjoy here in Scotland and have done for some time Kamala
Waiting for you explain how it's economically feasible.
YES! @SenKamalaHarris your tweet (notification) just now, TRUTHFULLY (Family) 2:00pm CT. 
MEDICARE FOR ALL; CO-SPONSOR of  @SenSanders  #MEDICARE BILL, @SenKamalaHarris
11:00pm @ESPN @MLB Game @Dodgers Los Angeles vs @SFGiants @SenKamalaHarris
12:14am CT Goodnight PRAYERS, @SenKamalaHarris  DODGERS WIN !!! 4- 0 SF
Edit: @SFGiants 1(L). @Dodgers 4 (W).DODGERS WIN !!!
PLEASE keep speaking to the crowds so Republicans will remain in charge.  Your liberal lunacy scares people but your party just don't see it
Why would you spend time on an issue that has no chance of passing the House? Work with the Dems on fixing ACA.
