But we won't allow @AnnCoulter or Milo to talk at Berkeley. Hypocrisy
Loving and gratitude is certainly the way to go!
Thank you, My children are not illegal. How ridiculous.
People need to remember, it wasn't so many years ago. We can never go back to these days!  Our democracy is a fragile thing. VOTE
Last time they got one right  #gerrymandering  #citizensunited
Why is it anyone's business who you love/marry????
dnkejdjnm
God didn't say to pick a certain color person to love...He said to simply LOVE ALL!!! Celebrating #LovingDay
And it allowed me to marry the love of my life.  
You make me proud! They aren't going to keep you down! Thank You!
Again... where are the white history posts? Where are the Hispanic American history posts? Oh.. let's not forget native Americans
#LovingDay What a wonderful day to commemorate  I can't believe how much time has passed  God Bless them!
what a shame.
I'm white and married to a Native American which was illegal in several states. As was marrying Filipinos.
What a great piece of history. Thank you for sharing.
sad that loving someone needs outside approval... 
What great movie what strength and perseverance and of course Love 
Thank you Senator Harris;  now go and grill #Sessions like a well-done pork chop !
We need sessions to honestly testify today & expose trump's lying. He would become a national hero. Let's hope his ego is as big as trump's.
Why was this tweet taken down?
1 year BEFORE I was born-youngest of 3. 'Rents must've battled hell but kept home full of love & acceptance.  & sense won out & will again!
Thank you for sharing this @SenKamalaHarris !!!  You Rock Kamala!!!
The book, Class &Race Mixture in Latin America, Magnus Moerner, was my primer at SFSU: Mexico, Cuba, PuertoRico, LatinAm, struggle ag racism
 is not bound by color, ethnicity, or gender. Miserable are the people who proscribe hatred & condemnation upon others. Love who you want!
I watched the original movie on HBO where the Lovings were interviewed. It was poignant & startling. They loved each other very much.
Damn Shame that law ever existed! Such POS lawmakers! Unbelievable.
Old news by a dedicated panderer. One year before my interracial marriage. Boring stuff from a light-weight POTUS dreamer.
Thank god
Not sure a trump packed court would do the same , really doubtful
I  the Loving family!  It's a beautiful story.
The fact that it was against the law in the first was ridiculous. Love  is love.
My parents married in 1948 in Ohio...as a child read Life featuring on Lovings & feared for them. Long way to go but we have come very far.
If we could only trust politician's 
Summer of Love!
You will be a TERRIFIC POTUS.
My wife and I are very thankful for that!
Their not protesting against the #blackman, #whitewomen. And ppl can be with whomever they want to be with, that's their right as a American
and @Lawrence I married a white man, and I'm a black woman... BAP...
Finally we agree on something
and @Lawrence, God & Love is #Colorless. I grew up calling my Parents best friends, a #WhiteCoupleMyAuntAndUncleThat's Man's #Crap. #tohate
And for this I am grateful. I was able to marry the love of my life but the battle for equality remains in the forefront. Love will win! 
I've been alive 4 years longer than interracial marriage has been legal. And people wonder why the wounds are so deep for African Americans?
Good point
Not that long ago, and sadly the unconstitutional ignorance not only still exists but is empowered by the 45th President of America.
Still till this day they hate anything black so no real family reunions always used to end in fights.
My great grand Jewish&Irish relatives would of voted against their children interracial marriages which wouldof made me a illegitimate child
@mcspocky What kind of justices do we have now, that is allowing Trump & Co. to do this @DOJ?
Right wing  "Christians" are not real  Christians; barbarians, though, who pay lip service.
As we remember all the people who lost their lives at the hands of racist murderers! Thank you for your sacrifice that paved the road for us
Loving conquers all
What makes me think @karenhandel is also squeamish about this, too? Just a hunch.
Happy Loving Day!
That would be interesting research. What were the vote totals and who was sitting then?
U.S. lived up to 1 of its many Constitutional promises. The Constitution is stronger than any person R groups of people. We're getting there
...And The GREATEST Of These Is LOVE...
Here's to the Lovings of Va!!!
I will forever be grateful to SCOTUS for that. Meanwhile today, they have to waste our money on unconstitutional BS from the "president"
Shame that Mildred's grandson is objectioning to the recognition. She identified herself as Af-Am and Native Am.
Really? Fuck! 1967!? Fuck! Still at the beginning of it's journey isn't it!?
The amazing is, 50 yrs later I'm not sure the same case would produce a unanimous verdict. And many of our legislators would protest it too.
We were making SO MUCH progress for a while. Then came Reagan and movement conservatives and xtian conservatives and it's been downhill
Yea and now we're in he'll. Smfh.
Let's keep ou laws that keep our 3rd world country status at bay.  This admin is trying to take away our rights.
This made my paternal grandparents' marriage legal in all states, even though Grandfather Georges had been dead for years!
This made my Great Aunt's marriage to my Great Uncle legal, and they're still alive. People act like this is ancient history.
Grandma Marjie was St Regis Mohawk.  NY, NJ, and all the New England states recognized it, that's all, when they married in the early '30s
What kind of government, of & by the People, dictate who we can love & marry?  It was a law long over do.
It's the right wing Christians that bring us hatred in the name of God. Seperation of church and state would be liberating!
need #EXPIRED_DOMAIN,#AVAILABLE_DOMAIN,#PARKED_DOMAIN,#HIGH_METRICS,#GOOD_TF_CF,#GOOD_DA_PA

contract:
Imported us frm the Midwest to build IT.
Hidden Figs were programming in FORTRAN *gag*
by '64 Levittowners thought we'd be grey like on TV 
A great decision and a wonderful turning point in the history of our country. Freedom, equality, and love for all. #LoveIsLove
Cuz of Loving, we won Obegefell. 
I'll never forget that night the White House lit up in Rainbow Lights, brings tears to my eyes even today
Bowie, MD
I was 2 yrs old
Dad was an (intelligence tech) no spot on my birth cert 4 Mom's occupation,
3rd gr teacher
&"Who u callin' NEGRO?"
All ppl who are LGBT & supporters, we stand on the shoulders of giants; Loving, Evans, Lawrence, Perry, Windsor, Obegefell & the LAWYERS
Mildred Loving on same-sex marriages in 2007
And I'm sure you know the story of a baby born in HI to a mixed race couple back in 1961

wasn't that long ago......
Thank you Mr. and Mrs. Loving for opening the doors to be with the person we chose to love.
Its a shame it took so long, it should never have been a law. Laws should protect love not ban it.
How can so.ething so personal need anybody else's approval.
Hard to believe it was illegal till 1967! Not that long ago.
Unbelievable Victory Sen. Kamala Harris; I'm TRUTH; TOGETHER
4:30pm ct. U.S. Senate Nomination Confirmation Vote for Deputy Secretary of Defense, will be watching; Sen.Kamala Harris of Oakland,CA TRUTH
You've voted and left the Senate Assembly Chamber at this time now. Sen.Kamala Harris 4:45pm ct.
Hell #MAGA might try and dial that back too.. they love the 50's era
Wow! This happened 4yrs after I was born. As a man in a interracial marriage.....I am very grateful for this ruling. #LovingDay
Thanks @riverhe13 & @willriv713 for finding each other! CC: @rivera90
Will @POTUS sign Executive Order to reverse that decision?
Good!
