Yet women who weren’t convicted of crimes do have access... it’s almost as if we’re trying to discourage criminality.
Just because they're in prison doesn't mean they aren't entitled to some basic comforts and needs. It's an American prison, not a gulag
Comparing lack of comfort to the treatment one would experience in a gulag is a huge false equivalency.
Every service provided in a prison is one provided at society’s expense. Prison is supposed to be a place people do not want to go.
If they didn't break the law they wouldn't be in that predicament.

Not at all. Too bad they don't get that stuff in prison but they only have themselves to blame for being there. Funny how when President
Translation - what can I say to the mindless rabble of my followers that will get them to like me? Oh, chicks in prison can't get the pill.
It's prison. Not a spa. 
Why do you need reproductive health in prison?
You fraud trying to capitalize I feminism for votes. #pandering #phony #liar
Thanks for advancing thoughtful pub pol to address this critical need! Also for sharing story w @UDCLaw #legclinic client @BRAWSorg in post!
It's Prison not Motel 6......dumarse......
Medical care in federal prisons is a joke. Almost nonexistent. Loss of a foot, dying, melanoma not being treated, surgeries not done.
Do the crime pay the time. Kamala why don't you get your buddy Soros to help. He's into everything else the Democratic Party says and does
First off, why do they need reproductive products while they're in jail. Shouldn't hv 2 worry abt getting pregnant in there. Also, pay for
ur own menstrual products for crying out loud. This whole thing is all so stupid. They're calling it "pink" thing? Yeah, supporters wear
hats & all whine like a bunch of crying wussies (woman pussies)!!
They had the same choices as we do, if ur the one behind bars then U made the WRONG choice. Jail is easily preventable if u have a brain.
how about changing the laws so people like Session will not be raping money from people stopped 4 tickets-legalize marijuana-stop harsh sent
I learned thru assisting a family member that prices for items out of the canteens in jails is OUTRAGEOUS.
We're strong, independent, brave, and competent. Now have the tax payer pay for our stuff. Which is it?
I stopped reading when I got to the word "free". It just doesn't mean what you democrats think it means.
Why don't u write Tampax so they can spread their love for the inmates in jail? hell why don't they just do a commercial from the cell!
You mean the gov't doesn't pay for prisoners' abortions?  Do we pay for sex reassignment surgery too?  Our tax $ @ work!
Are your constituents actually dumb enough to believe this crap?
! Women & men need jobs in CA , companies are leaving because of taxes and regulations!! PRIORITIES!! Health insurance plans r terrible!
Sen Harris and her cohorts have ruined CA.  I'm 3rd generation but would love to leave.  My state is turning into 3rd world.
Yep! Vote her out!
How barbaric. That women have to do without something they lived without for 200,000 years, until about 80 years ago. What's next, TV?
This has been long before Trump, you should already address this, shame on you for watching and waiting so long!
Don't do the crime....
Best advice, dont commit crime and stay out of prison.  Mot supposed to be a resort vacation experience.
Exactly. That's why we need to replace Obamacare !!!
Get in there with 'em, fight the good fight!
More tax-payer hand outs. Go TRUMP!
This is a state issue.  I guess you're going to want the federal government to bankroll this for CA hellhole.
Right now there are Dem politicians willfully breaking the law and protecting illegals from being deported out of the United States by ICE
Right now there are Dem politicians running cities all over the US into bankruptcy paying for illegals welfare, food, housing and Healthcare
Right now there are Dem politicians deeming people with non PC speech, domestic security issues. Not to mention racists, homophobes, sexists
If women are reproducing in prison, there are greater issues going on than tampons.
Along with numerous other rights...as is the point
You are a sick individual.
No point in having home phone get 15 solicitor calls daily.
Unplugging phone.
Wish consumer protections were still in place but Trump removed them.
This is too funny so let me get this straight inmates can get sex changes but can't get hygiene basics. #fakenews
Sad when Harris views criminals more important than taking care of the elderly. But then again she ain't American which explains her hate.
How bout prisoners that want speedy trials and not prolonged political imprisonment?
I agree with you that feminine hygiene is very important. But I also believe the Constitution is just as  important.
It's JAIL.  They have NO NEED for any reproductive anything.  How do you remain alive with no working brain cells?
That's too fucking bad, it's a thug life deal with it
So can't imagine they can't bathe. Pap tests and mammos probably. Birth control??? Whats your point pls.
It's JAIL! They should only get STRICT BASICS on our TAXPAYER DIME! It's not a damn hotel!
Reproductive health? What, exactly, are you talking about and what are these women doing while incarcerated?
Please run in 2020. Trump wins easily
Yes, please run!!
My wife worked in corrections for years and never mentioned anything like this. So thankful that prisoners take priority over the homeless!!
6 years as California AG and it's just as bad as ever here. #VirtueSignalling #IneptWillieBrownSqueeze
So running for prez I take it.
My 2nd least favorite senator.
No its not....its prison!!
Bullshit. Maybe in third world countries.
You were the Attorney General in calif. and didn't do jack shit about those prisons except make sure they were full! Your a sham & a fraud!

That's not what the article said. It said that when they needed more than the allotted amount they needed 2 request more.That's not a denial
It's jail not a free love festival.
They're also being denied access to their freedom Senator. For a reason. Enough with the idea of "prison club."
They should have thought about before they broke the law!
Reproductive "health"?  They are in prison.  It's not Club Med.
Maybe they should have stayed out of JAIL! None of those things are rights.
They are in jail. It's not meant to be fun.
Are they at least being offered facials?  Hot Stone Massages?
So were the crimes theyve committed. Moving on!
Let's get planned parenthood in there KH.
Honestly, where do you draw the line. These are literally the worst people society has to offer! They contribute nothing! Who cares!
That is SO wrong and too common....thank you Senator for being a voice for incarcerated women, we must continue to name the abuses!!!
Like using hygiene products to plug up plumbing. They should not be denied items but I'd like to know where this is occurring. Facts anyone?
There are people who were killed by these women who are denied their life on this planet
That's #MAGALogic
So glad of your social injustice agenda #how do you plan to pay for it#change your narrative
#KateSteinle
#KateSteinle
#KateSteinle
#KateSteinle
#KateSteinle
#KateSteinle
#KateSteinle
#KateSteinle
#KateSteinle
#KateSteinle
Plan?
The Dems were in charge the last 8 years. This just happen? What a hypocrite!
What did Obama Administration do for his hometown Chicago. Stop railing Kamala your not part of solution 
super predator HRC caused them and men to be there so go get her and have her help you I'm sure you might catch her before she's in prison
Ice man, Trump Train picking you up next stop!
Why would a woman in jail need birth control??  Your arguments are irrational
Punishment for crimes is one thing, being uncivilized and disrespectful toward prisoners is something unacceptable. Not American values.
Nobody fears US prison as opposed to overseas. Too posh, too comfortable.
Are you suppose to be having sex in jail
And how are their victims doing?
Many of these inmates are non-violent offenders. Your loaded question lacks logic.
This is absolutely WRONG - what is the plan to stop this?
GOP is like watching pre-teen boys scheming to insult "icky girls". This isn't based on logical thought. Doctors even need to way in! Cruel.
Tampons & pads are a medical necessity. This is bio hazard. If they got cut would they let them bleed all over everything? This is insane.
¡Awomen!
I think generally men forget what it takes to be born...themselves..their sons
Always pandering to criminals... someday you know you may join them.
Could it be because some states' prison systems are spending money on dumb practices? Looking at you, California!
No, it's not because of that.
Reading the comment about how menstrual hygiene isn't a necessity, excuse me? So it's okay not to provide these products sans taxes?!?
What on earth for
Did you read the article?
With all due respect. As important as this issue is, @potus is about to start a nukes war.
Since when did the criminals become the victims? Perhaps, when criminals are sentenced , we should put them up in a Holiday Inn?
Well they're in jail so there's that. Maybe stay out of trouble if you're having a baby? Crazy right wing thought from me I guess
This isnt about inmates wanting to have a baby, read the article. You ever had to stuff socks in your undies so you didnt bleed all over?
Well they should get tampons tamponsn pads but they should also know they're not at the Ritz Carlton it's jail it's not supposed to be comfy
Men in prison shouldn't get toilet paper either
THANK YOU!!! PERFECT COMPARISON!!! 
When it costs as much or more than annual college tuition to incarcerate a non violent offender, taxpayers lose twice.
Thank you Senator Harris.. so many relevant issues to address in todays social climate. I for 1 am glad to see WOMEN'S RIGHTS at the front
No, that's the progressive way. Government check, everything on the taxpayer dime, no incentive to work. Stop the BS
People in prison are not animals and women deserve access to hygiene and reproductive health. 1 day these women will return back to society!
Kamala supports prison slave labor but she's worried about inmates?
Prison is not a day at the spa. Criminals need to fear going to prison. Maybe that's a "smarter" decision, kamala.
They are not being denied anything. They have to pay it. If they can't pay you pay it not me. Your compassion is not my compassion
They should issue menstrual cups.  I've been using the same one for over 10 years.  They are safer than tampons. https://www.amazon.com/Keeper-Inc-Menstrual-Cup-Size/dp/B0006O2MJM/ref=sr_1_1_a_it?ie=UTF8&qid=1502374878&sr=8-1&keywords=the+keeper+menstrual+cup …
NO.  That's hazardous waste!  No place in a prison.
A friend of mine in DFW was denied mental health prescriptions and her insulin. She was put in for parking tickets. She was crazy for 2 week
She is bipolar, with mpd, I even took the meds and prescriptions to her jail and they refused. Her psychiatrist called still denied her meds
For profit prisons must end.
Open them in a "incognito window" in Chrome.
There are still forced sterilizations. The  "Corrective" system is depraved in design. It does need to change #ButWillIt
2. ...those lawmakers won't change perceptions regarding "punishment" vs rehabilitation & won't change prison system to true JUSTICE system!
1. Until lawmakers stop denying that nearly ALL inmates r returned to our streets w/o reform, respect or adequate support for success...
YES Your tweet (notification) just now 9:00am TRUTHFULLY, , Now Watching #LiveKellyandRyan; aren't you a Early Bird #TODAY, (FAMILY) Always!
Tweet Always I am,  being  the same for yourself Early if not at NIGHT. TRUTH  ; THINKING
