BREAKING: Comey, in prepared remarks to Senate committee, says Trump said at January dinner: "I need loyalty. I expect loyalty."
I wouldn't want people around me that couldn't be loyal either. Liberals can't even be loyal to our country, let alone to our President.
They're loyalty is to the nation and the Constitution.
Far from it.
More so than Trump.
Then it's going to be a long 8 years for you. Buckle up.
If he lasts that long it'll be 8 long years for many, possibly you too. Hope u won't lose your health coverage. Hope u don't need Medicare.
You need 2 stop listening 2 the biased media. They're the same ones that said he had no chance of winning & u c how that turned out.
You are elected. He was appointed. Your loyalty is to your constituents. Read your damn job description
I do believe Senators take an oath to Constitution...
Can't violate the Constitution even to please voters. Ask JFK.
Obama did it for 8 years
Chose to uphold the Constitution? Sure did!
It probably cost him in 2010 and 2014.
I'm sure u think otherwise but no way the GOP lead Congress wouldn't impeach.
You could have fooled me!
You're  also to follow the Constitution and not make up your own rules and regulations. Pres is Commander-in-Chief. You're NOT!!!!
He's commander in chief of armed forces. Congress is a separate and coequal branch.
We had to 'put up' with 8 years of Obama socialist crap. Now, it's our turn..Get over it..
Any Trump supporter, including Ryan and McConnell, with half a brain can read into exactly what this means. They just choose to look away.
All stems from rejecting our early royalist history, as our country came into being.
Agreed. There's been too much partisan politics by both parties to the detriment of the citizens.
senator please know how much we support you and NEED you as our voice, and THANK you so much for fighting for us.  <3
I appreciate the way you got all your questions in--those were/are very significant questions.  Thank you....
A true patriot cares about the constitution, not a shady potus.
With all respect I love you Sen. Harris!!! From Cali to D.C. and one day the White House!!! Stay strong  my niece Faith LOVES you!!!
I am so proud that you are my Representative!
I mean Senator--Duh!
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris you are a role model like no other for young people, esp young women. Thank you for your persistence & tenacity
Keep kicking their butts over there Kamala we need more like you
And loyalty means 'do as I say, no matter what!' 
THAT IS WHAT I SAID!!!
Haha. That's so 2016. Now we have a cult of personality and do the opposite.
tell that to the people on the OTHER side of the russians!
Sen Harris has been killing it today. THANK YOU, VOICE OF REASON.
Only dictators and tyrants require an oath of loyalty. Those hired by federal law enforcement swear an oath of office.
Then I ask you again, why did you not stick up for my 2nd amendment right in California?
Bs. I watched her interrupt every time she was about to get an answer she didn't want
Awww, poor wittle old white man fears strong women. Go f y.
You were incredibly today and did not deserve the disrepect that @SenatorBurr gave you. #Persist 

Thank you! 
Same can be said about you.
Oh look! Hate when I do this! 
So if your brown asked for loyalty you wouldn't give it to him?
unless you are 45 or 45 follower.  in that case there is only you
Donna Brazille and Hillary don't seem to know that.
KAMALA HARRIS 2020. 

We need you.
BOOM 
Remember Obama?
I try NOT to [Obama]. Good riddance to that sorry-ass excuse of a former President.
The way you were treated today evokes this recent memory: "She was warned. She was given an explanation. Nevertheless, she persisted."
YES!
Senator Harris we stand with you. For whatever reason I think people have forgotten that.  We are now seeing party over country #treasonous
U serve at the will of the American ppl and you should put country over political party. Your questions today were ridiculous and shameful
You are a bad ass!
@carolannleif So proud you are our Senator! Great job today. We've got your back!
Right?! Love her.
Love her!
Or as 26 put it...
I also like what 32 said...
We have your back @SenKamalaHarris. Persist away!
AMEN!
funny how the male Republicans only attack the women  You and Sen Warren.  WE got your back.
I hope you are the Dems candidate in 2020. A guaranteed GOP win.

As you continue to erode our 2nd amendment as you did in CA.
Republicans of good conscience have to exist, but they are way too many cowards in the house  Get the #REDOUT
Do you know the difference between a Loyalty Oath and being loyal to a person? Is this another of your legalisms problems?
@ecclesias More than just Dems--you made democracy look good.
@ecclesias You made Democrats look smart. I'd like to know the rationale for your questions. Underlying assumptions. Thanks
And even that is kinda creepy.
The irony being that loyalty is something Trump is not capable of
Session is a major player in the Russia investigation:
#TrumpObstruction: Began with a dog whistle to Russia. Trump knows, Flynn knows of Trump's involvement. https://youtu.be/N1MbFesSC7M  via @YouTube
It really should be an educational point, most Muricans don't get that
This means: anyone / Everyone still in the 45 admin kissed the ring of loyalty. Remember that ALWAYS  They will stop at nothing
Explains Coats and Rogers.
Can't they be held in contempt of Congress? 
They should be in jail.
So if Bill had said to Lynch "I need your loyalty" & "Can you let Hillary go, Shes a good Woman." GOP reaction?
LOL.  Paul Ryan is slobbering all over himself trying to normalize this.  As I knew he would.   Keep harruumphing. Honey badgers don't care.
So do the people of the US demand loyalty.
That why Trump is pursuing a legal name change to...The Constitution
You were awesome!!! Your line of questioning was superb! As someone on Twitter said, you are playing chess while rest are playing checkers!
You are amazing!!! #resist
Straight from The Godfather.
This is not the mafia.
Trump may not have directly collided with Russia, but isn't that why you vet your campaign staff? Do they not represent you?
Love you @SenKamalaHarris
Finally. The only oath is to faithfully defend the Constitution and the Laws of the US against all enemies foreign & domestic.
yes he wasnt asked to swear but you dont understand loyalty or the Constitution.
Country before party. Constitution before president.
My first, second, third and fourth wives wanted the same thing.

Kamala, talk about misleading questions, you are truly part of the problem
Oh, really? Does that apply only to Republicans? http://www.politico.com/blogs/politico44/2013/04/eric-holder-im-still-the-presidents-wingman-160861 … More hypocrisy from the @TheDemocrats  and their boosters in #media
@MaryAbrahams @AP Rep Nunes never understood that.He is a loyal soldier for Trump, not his state or the Constitution
Reminds me of days of the monarchy. When people had to pledge their fealty to the king or lose their heads

Keep fighting!
https://twitter.com/LosferWords/status/872835879097774080 …
you should try that sometime
Have you bothered listening to any actual testimony today?! This isn't going well for anti-Trumpers.  We will be stuck with him...
He thinks he's king, not POTUS, or a mob boss.
Doesn't any POTUS have to earn loyalty by being honest to themselves & to all Americans they serve through our Constitution.
Loyalty to our constitution, not to the man sitting in White House.

@Ez4u2say_Janis Well said Senator Harris.
The majority of Congressmen take the oath for fun.
Too many forget this important fact. I'm so happy I voted for you!! Please stay the course and fight for We The People!!!
A threat easily concieved by most reasonable people .
To enemies foreign and domestic...
Good work yesterday. You make me proud.Please don't let up & pass that on to your colleagues.What's going on is wrong & truth must come out.
Persist Kamala!! 
Proud of you, Kamela! Stay on them in the sessions... Love from Chicago!
Nice way to parse the full statement.  Pretty sure there was reference to the COUNTRY in that loyalty exchange. Disappointment 4 u 2day.
You really are my new HERO. You were inspirational and refreshing in your relentless pursuit of the TRUTH. STAY THE COURSE!!!
#CountryOverParty
Our thing. La cosa nostra. America is in the hands of a gangster family.
@realDonaldTrump wants to run America like the Godfather of an organized crime ring.  Sad!
Thanks for your persistence yesterday.  Will ALL members of Congress remember that? Country before party-No true statesman in Washington DC.
Trump missed the whole we are a country of laws not men history lesson. Sad.
.SENATOR, MA'AM, DO NOT ACCEPT THIS BULLS*** THAT PUTTING PRESSURE IS NOT EQUIVALENT TO OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE - TAKE SOLID AND VALID EGS.
.HEAR, HEAR! WELL SAID! BRAVO! PLEASE GO PREPARED TO ASK ALL THE QUESTIONS SENATOR, AND THE RIGHT ONES.
Yeah well when you have mob like attitude that's how you run
I too oppose Trump, but I'll let you do a search on Google Books for "<President> expected loyalty". Found for FDR, undoubtedly others.
Thank you for your persistence.
Trump believes in what the Nazis called "Fuhrerprinzip" loyalty to the leader
Kick ass again today Senator. We need you.
Bring ur A game we need you in 2020
@AP So the past 8 years, the govt supported the Constitution?
Comey needs to be asked questions that directly answer the ties to Russia . Comey asked for more money to investigate then trump fired him .
Both Republicans and Democrats are violating the U.S. Constitution and both Republicans and Democrats are passing unconstitutional laws!
It looks @GOP pledged loyalty to #Trump, and not the #Constitution #ComeyTestimony #ComeyDay #ComeyHearing #ComeyRewrites #Comey
Thank you senator for your tough but fair questioning of those before your committe. Please kmow that many of us are behind you.
Fantastic job yesterday Senator! Proud of you @KamalaHarris 
This is a time to fight for integrity. Power is the ability to make others do what they would not otherwise, so use it wisely, but use it.
Today...You got this.
Those who took those oaths must have the #courage to defend their country with the power entrusted to them.
The demand for personal loyalty is more of a Mafia thing.
All bow down and hail to twisted mofo - we are not worthy! ☆
Trump is a third class creep
Go get 'em, Kamala!
Obstruction
Not when the President is the Godfather. If he kisses you ....RUN!!
That's because he thinks he's some sort of mob boss and government doesn't work in the manner hes been accustomed to!
That oath is in place to serve as a defense against an Administration such as this and to preserve democracy.


Good luck today and thank you for persisting. It's embarrassing how our male "leaders" disrespect female colleagues & women in general.
@AP the only thing I would have given was spit in that con mans eyes
Loyalty. Something he never gave his three wives. You keep talking Senator! Don't let them stop you.
Thanks for all you do.
Obstruction of justice! Plain and simple. GOP are letting this idiot tear the hell out our country! Can't believe any of the shit he says!
Great job yesterday!
Question: Does this apply to military men like Flynn or Rogers? As commander in chief, do they swear loyalty?
Swear loyalty to rules of law not person
Says Obama's mistress. 

@TucsonBlonde @AP
Too bad Republicans never paid enough attention to their oath to know that.
Shame a lot of Republicans in House and Senate have abdicated their oath in favor of loyalty to Trump and some to Trump and Russia.
Craziness lives in unreality zone
Proud of you today, Senator! #805

Senator you were fantastic!!
You were amazing today @KamalaHarris
I was proud of your questioning today at the hearing.  Not just a woman who was right, but a person that was strong.
I'm making a T-shirt saying. "So is that a No?"
#POTUS45 is #NonComposMentis. We need a #götterdämmerung #Resistance #TrumpRussia #ItsMuellerTime #ComeyIsAPatriot
But how can Trump be expected to actually read the Constitution when no one interspersed his name throughout to keep his attention?
Word!! Seems DC forgets
Did Burr take you aside and ask for loyalty, too, Senator Harris? You kept yr cool admirably when he rudely interrupted. Go get them!
Senator Harris is   
The President has every right to expect loyalty- the WH is full of leftover Obama POS's. he didn't ask for a cover up. Big difference.
Great job today! Thank you, King, and our Senator Heinrich!
Yes, you do. Trump is becoming a little Hitler.
Take them down Kamala! It's time for this nonsense to end.
Thank you Senator Harris!
Mike Flynn will be to Trump what Fredo was to Don Corleone
#WeTheSMARTPeople
@realitywinner1 upheld her part to defend Constitution against a domestic enemy. But b/c he is President, she committed a crime. Real hero!
Thank you. From the bottom of my heart as an American and Californian, THANK YOU.
What are you and your fellow Senate members going to do about it? We're getting tired of grandstanding and false promises. America first.
Appreciate your very valid attempts to make Rosenstein answer the question, and not rely on their "integrity". Keep it up -- we're with you!
How long, from Comey telling AG not to leave him alone with Trump, was Comey fired? I think AG told Trump about it.
Sen. Harris....ty for your integrity and perseverance! !!
And if your READ it, he said Loyalty of HONESTY..
or the ego of some IGNORANT Dixiecratic vanitarians!
as if the used-to-haves haven't seen this BS before....
and on our own networks?!
nope
I'm a native of Ca, who now lives in GA. Can I claim her as my Senator? So much more intelligent than the ones I'm stuck with.
Omertà, like a Mafia Don but without the smarts.
This from a Liberal that's sworn to destroy the constitution
Maybe you can help get subpoenas for DNI, NSADIR, DAG, DFBIDIR?  They must be put on the record!
Great job 2day & loved that look u gave the weasel looking (& acting) guy from Justice.  I love strong women who refuse 2 suffer fools!
*WE* seems like a broad brush that doesn't cover your @GOP compadres. Just saying.
#PERSISTENCE
I see how the last administration abided by that oath. Liberal hypocrites.
So does the President.  He seems to forget who he works for, and it's not himself or his family.
EXACTLY.  Thank you Senator.
Please bear that in mind when ADM Rogers, who refused to answer committee questions today, asks to retire with 4-Stars.
I am so proud you are my senator. Thank you!
The GOP has sworn an oath to Grover Norquist, Donald Trump, the RNC and who else?
@AP Thank you.
Are u sure do Dems take this same oath if so y r y'all signing agreements with china
Keep up the good work that you do... we got your 6
Very disturbing. Have all his appointees pledged personal loyalty? Is he establishing a dictatorship in America?
