@SenKamalaHarris That's fine, no real American supports you either.  It doesn't matter if you support him or not, we can confirm him w/o you
Thank you, Senator Harris! 
Keep up the good work!
Thank you for standing up for what is right. #NoOnGorsuch
Ironic that the reason you can't support his nomination is the very reason he was nominated in the first place.
and now they want help from dems! They should all write in Merrick garland!
Doesn't mean a thing. Thank you Slimy Harry Reid. Now live long Ginsberg. Or maybe not
Strange that he's only had one decision overturned in his life.
Planned Parenthood is not Women's Health Care. Thank you for selling out our gender. #LiberalHypocrisy #LeftIs Real Fascism #LeftISRacism
Sanger was a racist and eugenicist.  PP has aborted 1/3 of black pregnancies since Roe, Kamala is complicit in her own genocide.
It's about 50/50 for Black babies. When 12.7% of US population is 37-41% of all abortions.  PP is the true #1 killer of Blacks in America.
Exactly.  BLM, indeed.
Yes these & all lives matter.
Not to Planned Parenthood.  To them, we're just parts.
Amen! To PP babies =$
Ms Harris has never been one to uphold the law especially when Atty General in California and would not prosecute people of Law enforcement
Since he helped #gerrymandering's cause in the #TX ruling, why not whittle down #red districts to reflect the die-hard orange #trumpers too?
Thanks Sen Harris for demanding Gorsuch meet the 60-vote threshold
Thank you.
Thank you!!!!!
What would YOU know about justice?You were biased hack prosecutor before you were a partisan senator.The constant is your ineptitude at both
That's okay honey
Trump supporters will not support you 
#voteherout!
Flawed reasoning from a failed AG...Political Hack
This is YOUR state! A neo-confederate state! And why the Court needs someone who'll follow the law!
Thank you Senator Harris. You show you are on the side of humans, not corporations.
You won't support because Dems have agenda. His record is impeccable. Your repeating senior leaders w/o your own thought
~ You'll be looking for a job cleaning bathrooms you horrid Wretch!!
This man is super qualified. Pure politics by this senator!
Um.....Garland
Biden rule, sir!
And you will fail.
Thank you!
"Schumer & Pelosi told me to vote no on Gorsuch, so like a good little lapdog I will fall into lockstep because I can't think for myself."
So - why are democratic Senators voting for him?  Makes zero sense. GOP plays silly buggers with Obama and Dems approve Gorsuch. WOW
Too bad, so sad, he's IN!
HYPOCRITE. YOU have no values. You slept around to get where you're at 'ho.  I repeat......HYPOCRITE.
45 years loyal democrat Don't fillabuster he is not good but qualified Wait for existential  event. Payback by destruction  will haunt us.
Just noticed you don't even say who you represent in the Senate on your twitter page. I guess you're happier to be there than to represent!!
First time senator from California who replaced Barbara Boxer.
Thanks! And she appears to be more impressed with herself for being in the Senate rather than honored to represent the people of California!
She represents me and millions of other Californians like me. She's doing what I sent her to D.C. to do.
There are millions of LEGAL Californians that she doesn't represent and I'm one of them!
Same here
Its called following the constitution, too bad those of you on the left ignore it on a daily basis.
We in California want proof of your claim that Gorsuch failed as a judge! You are just the biggest serial LIAR shame on you !
Typical liberal that wants a legislator on the Supreme Court. What's wrong with upholding the constitution.?
You're irrelevant
Thank you for standing strong!
I don't think you understand how ANY of this works. 
Judges decide cases based on MERITS of the case, not SJW dreams.
You don't seem to be to popular kamala after reading these posts..but u dems don't seem to be too concerned...at least not for the moment
What a complete BS lie this tweet is.
Shocking.
THANK YOU, AGAIN AND AGAIN
You, madam, are a pure partisan and represent exactly what is wrong with American politics. You care more about Party than us. #shameful
Which ones?
Ridiculous.
I guess we know one former AG who'll
never be nominated to the Supremes.
Thank you! Please hold strong thru the week! 92653-5769 voter
Give DETAILED example please? He has followed the LAWS. Not break them to please ppl like you. Your just mad @realDonaldTrump won. Grow Up.
you wouldnt know what the constitution was if it was tattooed on your forehead. Can we see proof he failed? id sure like to see that
kinda like you not prosecuting Kevin DeLeon for taking bribes? Or Pan on video saying he dont live in his district? What about kelly thomas?
Thank you Kamala!  It's a shame my CO Sen Bennett would not support his state like you do- good job
But killing babies on film is okay; exposing it is the crime in your book.  Yeah, I think we understand who is extreme here.
majority rules...not every single person will get their way. Senators like you will b responsible for the nuclear option.
Thanks Senator Harris for your courageous act! I can't wait until 2018. #FlipThe6th
You have no idea how the government is supposed to work, and you haven't a clue what justice is. Just shut up.
Just for once I'd like to see a politician stand up for what's true and right! Not what the party overlords have instructed them do! 
Gorsuch doesn't fit your Social Justice Warrior superhero costume? Judges don't "achieve" justice. They uphold it. #Learn

@SenKamalaHarris
Another Libturd Bot succumbing to peer pressure. Wake up, Flossie. You're not in JR high anymore. You're a female coward.
As opposed to the justice you dole out in support of the programs that steal from, and oppress, Americans? You're vile.
Wait someone in a ruling won't be happy!!wow that never (always) happens in rulings! It's kinda how the judicial process works Senator!
Thank you! As a constituent, I appreciate you taking this stand.
You shouldn't even be a Senator
"to achieve justice for all Americans" -you're OUTRIGHT LYING. No one has found one wrong thing w/over 2500 cases but you have to lie. FOOL
You are a loon
You mean you won't nominate him bc you don't want him allowing Travel Ban to go through. U don't care about OUR safety
Thank you for supporting Americans and our rights.
Thank you.
Thank you!  #ThankYou Thank you!
You haven't studied any of Gorsuch's rulings & not supporting due to party affiliation. He is a judge ruling by the law instead of feelings
You r wrong bout Judge Gorsuch & r falling into de old ducks in a row politics. I'm ur constituent pleading for you not to follow that path.
That's what your going with? OK we will remember.
Which ones?  How so?
Because his rulings follow the Constitution and not your warped sense of social justice, perhaps?
Thank you for standing up for the majority of the people
She will only support the nomination of Jesus.....or a Liberal Dem....#GorsuchVote #Gorsuchfacts
As a lawyer you should know this already...
My definition of Justice may be different than my neighbors... We can't both be right, that's why we have laws and Constitution.
Translation: Gorsuch's rulings are too cozy with the US Constitution
Support Gorsuch.  It'll give you bipartisan bona fides when you run in 2020.
WE THE REAL AMERICANS KNOW YOU AND MOST DEMOCRATS And LIBERALS DONT BELIEVE IN THE RULE OF LAW ANYWAY! So YOU don't count!
His job is not to legislate. That's yours. His job is to uphold the law.
A judge is tasked with upholding the law, not twisting it to meet whims- a concept you're wholly unfamiliar with.
Please talk to @SenFeinstein send and encourage her to do the same
I support you Senator!!
Leftists have been trying to stack the deck for their Communist plans.Conservatives won and we are stacking the deck to stop you traitors.
Justice? You keep using that word. I don't think it means what you think it means.
Where is the justice for the babies ripped and shredded from their mothers wombs for a few $$$? Don't be selective now!
Oh sweetie, bless your heart.
You're an embarrassment
Wow! ALL Americans? Nothing to do with following the constitution as written? Nuclear option will confirm him. You can send thanks to Harry!
I'm sorry I thought Judges were supposed to rule according to the rule of law not the rule of feeelllllings.
Thank you
It's sad that the people of California voted someone into the Senate that doesn't understand the law, or justice.
Justice is supposed to be blind and follow the rule of law. You want it to be for people you like.
The sooner politics and politicians are removed from the process of selecting judges and AG etc, the sooner the system is deloused
Please provide us with examples...
- sounds like you are referencing the Democratic Partyr or Obamas nominations not a constitutional minded judge!
You and @SenFeinstein make us look bad - The DEMs voted UNANIMOUSLY to approve Gorsich 10 years ago - not much has changed except politics.
How much 'justice' did the victims of IRS persecution receive? None. How much did Dems care? Nada
Too much legalism?
This miserable hack is a Senator? WTF, California.
I will contribute to the campaign of whoever runs against you the next time you run. #nincompoop
Did not vote for you. Never will. Gorsuch has not failed anyone. You, on the other hand......poster child for term limits.
Justice is a PROCESS, not a result.
partisan politics, you can act like it isn't. But it is, we see it 
Justice is supposed to be blind. It is people of your ilk who have infused race and class into the equation.
Senator - Gorsuch's rulings have been reviewed & analyzed THOROUGHLY by your fellow democrats & found ABSOLUTELY NOTHING to support your lie
Thank you, Senator.
crybaby
"Justice" in the context of @SenKamalaHarris is MARXIST DOGMA, pure and simple. She is an active, garden-variety Communist agitator. SAD!
Even you do not believe this bs statement. The collective IQ of ur constituents must be below 10
Exact reason why I did not vote for you for Senate.  I regret voting for you as Attorney General.
Thank you.
The good news is you and your liberal kooks still haven't learned to stop digging the hole you're in deeper. Please keep up the ignorance
Please Sen. speak to your "undecided" fellow Dems.  #noGorsuch
You obviously have a skewed interpretation of what constitutes justice for all Americans. I wish you had half the integrity of Judge Gorsuch

Wait so you mean he didn't rule for both sides of an argument? How can a judge achieve justice for all Americans? Legal system is win/loss.
Than you will ever be.
Every one of you made up reasons not to confirm Gorsuch. Y'all should be ashamed of yourselves. At the end of the day he's a better person
Will you support a Democratic filibuster to prevent his confirmation? Please use the weapons left to us to fight for good.
So you don't want to change the law as you were elected to do.  You want someone to make ruling that are not based on what current law says
Glad to have you on our side, senator. You are a credit to your sacred position as a legislator.
@akmk Thank you
Thank you.
Correct! Justice for ALL including those who cannot speak for themselves.
Shame on you! Seriously...
Typical BS.  Perhaps you need to take a look at the laws.  Maybe they is fooked up
GOOD! Show your colors, not that it matters 
Good for you...force the nuclear option and someone cut from the same cloth as Scalia will be the "moderate" of Trump picks.  Brilliant!
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris. I'm glad you represent me!
Thank you! Proud you are my Senator 
Thank you!!
Hasn't California seceded yet?  Please hurry it up.
Wow, you've got trolls! You must be doing something right. Thanks for your no-vote, for being my badass senator. Much love!
Obviously you are continuing the policy of Boxer by breaking your oath of office, by NOT Supporting the Constitution.
Thank you!
Give it a break! You know he is a good man but you dems live by a different moral standard. Pathetic!!!
Thank you for allowing us to use the #HarryReidNuclearOption and show the nation how partisan politics really works in failing Americans!
Mind control
Planned Parenthood paid you to go after David Daleiden . You're a crook.
NO NUCLEAR OPTION! I'm not a Gorsuch supporter but he'll be appointed either way. Better to save the 60 vote requirement
He will apply the law!  Vote to confirm.  Once again here in CA we have 2 useless senators.
I would expect this from trash like u. Thankfully my 2 senators will vote to confirm & nuke option is on the table--grow up
Tour statement is completely false . I have read his rulings and the laws are upheld every time even if it did not seem unbelievable.
Wow so judging the laws that congress makes is wrong? There is no excuse dems can use to stop this man from the supreme court.
Justice is supposed to be blind, He has consistently applied the Constitution. You do not belong in Congress.
You have lost your mind and soon your seat
Thank you Senator.
Because he follows the law and the same Constitution you held up you hand to defend?  That justice?
So how do you define justice for 'all' Americans? That's easy, does he rule based on US Constitution? That's justice.
Our Constitutional Republic was founded on the notion that mob rule is bad for protecting minority rights.
Justice isn't measured by the number of people who benefit from a ruling. That's tyranny by the majority.
Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!
I have good news...your support - or lack of it - is irrelevant.  LOL!
A good judge doesn't rule by popularity, she makes rulings on the basis of law.
Yay!  The 99% don't need a Citizens United advocate while leaving the common man to freeze.  Thank you!
Hey Kamala no problem because the Nuke will be unleashed thank you crazy Harry Reid
He can't even write a ruling that THOMAS can support!
Stop passing Terrible laws then. He did his job quit obstructing and vote yes.
And that will mean what?
More like; "my donors instructed me to oppose everything about Donald Trump, who am I to say no?"
Thank you Senator Harris -- my donation for your next election is coming your way.
Judge Gorsuch is getting a hearing and a vote.  What more can you ask for? In case you Republicans didn't know that is what courtesy is.
It's not abt Gorsuch. Nor abt Garland. Not abt Dems hurt feelings. It's abt WH under Fed investigation seating a lifetime judge on SCOTUS!
Judge Garland and President Obama were treated in a disrespectful and immoral way by Republicans. Dems have to force the nuclear option.
Get off Twitter and go back to counting your $$$ kickbacks from @PPact.
YOU are the ultimate failure and lack of justice.
Well of course you won't support a real Judge, Kamala! You clearly want activist Judges that cram your socialist ideas down our throats!
You're a liar!
