Support for human and civil rights is not the same thing as accepting open borders. Don't demonize those who want controls.
it's how they go about controlling the borders is the problem most people are having.
downward mobility, economic inequality, climate degradation easily ignored by "fear the stranger!"
None of problems you list are helped by 3rd-world population growth rate in US
immigration reform is on list 2 but not via eg chaos bans or handcuffing kids! #ActWithCompassion
Been 'on list' for decades, DC Establishment would not solve problem, so demagogue now prez.
Dems prevented immi reform with insistence on citizenship for undoc, Must have their votes!
Explain this:
.@SenKamalaHarris  U.S. Muslim preschool teacher urges: ‘Kill some Jews’
WHY R muslims not charged with Hate Speech esp kill Jews kill Americans
.@SenKamalaHarris  Illegal aliens & Immigrants are not the same thing!  One came to the US illegally, the other came legally.
that's the thing they can't get over. The difference b/w legal and illegal. We continue to welcome LEGALS
Trump and Treason,
Go together.
Just like Jailbirds, 
of a feather.
He was Impeached,
Before he was Sworn in...
cont...
.@SenKamalaHarris Is it really so unreasonable for US workers to expect libs to fight for them to earn higher wages? http://rall.com/2017/01/31/left-nationalism …
Nationalism & patriotism are tools of the weak and the stupid.
.@SenKamalaHarris @JacobSarah24 It depends whether you are a rascal or not:)
Indeed. Stop the big business backed libertarian Republicans. ALL
Their version of patriotism & nationalism is racism
If a leader of color was threatening US like Putin, it'll be different
STRONGLY ENFORCE TERM LIMITS GET RID OF HER
this is #JeffSessions young warrior.. Is he married? Flashing Gang sign in the WhiteHouse should be illegal
Yes! Explain it to the American people, please. There is a desperate need for education in this area
Liberalism and freedom ARE NOT same thing. Lying Democratic liberal putz!
Actually Liberalism is the historic advocate of individual Freedom
people who don't know their history don't understand this. Nor do they know how dangerous nationalism is.
Maybe you should run for office in iceland since you obviously care so little about americans
DAH!!BUT TRUMP IS A TRUE PATRIOT LIKE ALL AMERICANS THAT LOVE HIM;
I am beginning to understand that.
thank you for standing on the right side of history.. we hope 2give you all strong ground support.stronger than GOP expects
patriotism : love for or devotion to one's country
nationalism canB belief that citizenship in a state should be limited 2one ethnic, cultural, religious, or identity group.
EXACTLY! Shutting down the press is the first step of a dictatorship. The art of confusing racism w/patriotism =Trumpism!
too much nationalism and patriotism lead to blindness.
stupid & you are! :)
neither of which you possess
@ResistTilDeath  People who favor nationalism over patriotism are more likely to turn against their own country
@ResistTilDeath  People who favor nationalism over patriotism are more apt to commit crimes against humanity
@ResistTilDeath  People who favor nationalism over patriotism don't care to much for the constitution
@ResistTilDeath  People who favor nationalism over patriotism also have no problem with an authoritative government.
absolutely not!
could you please explain the difference....thank you.
This.  #truth
What about globalism and patriotism, same thing?
tillerson also has some technology Russia needs to drill oil in difficult terrain. Oil connects dots
Wow could you please but aside your personal agenda and Focus on putting America first  Thank you 
Nationalism is a lot better than Liberal Globalism you Dems keep pushing for.
If u r person of color and support nationalism, u have no knowledge of history.
That is right but please explain them
they can be
my son is in the 10th grade and we had this exact discussion yesterday after they had talked about it in class
tell that to the 'patriots' who are nationalists
Preach! Need you guys to be clamorous for Constitutional protection.
Well said!
You are a supporter of radical Islam your a dam joke Trump truing to keep America safe, you try to build welfare state
We need to explain that to the GOP.... Must use pictures if necessary!
Tried to leave a msg on your office voicemail - NO Scott Pruitt for EPA  head! 
He's as dirty as the companies EPA stops
THANK YOU
@SophiaBush Very true!!! If only Trump & his supporters understood that.This is why someone like him shouldn't be in power
yes!
Then we can trust on you on opposing unqualified appointees by  trumps presidential administration!!!!!
@SophiaBush thanks, Tell this Angela Merkel and other German politicians
.@SenKamalaHarris
Americans let's work together and make AMERICA great
Let's do it, Americans! But we don't need 13 million of illegal criminals here at all!
@chloewepper Patriotism says I love my country. Nationalism is a blind love of country, including all the bad. Dangerous.
@sandralhanlon 
@rmccarthyjames
@TheObamanista ego and character are not the same thing either
@DianaCialino
Truth!

hey stop being so rational (smirk) (wink) (wink)
@charliegus2 now this aargh
I was asked to leave the meeting with #ICE by @SpeakerRyan staff. Never before in 20 plus years has this happened. 
unbelievable.
We seem to have, in addition to #AlternativeFacts (lies), #AlternativePatriotism (traitor).
Welcome to Twitter world! Any friend of @SenWarren is a friend of mine! #WeDemandAnswers #Flynnghazi #NoBanNoWall
Senators who serve their party and Senators who serve their people are not the same thing. #shameonyou
And to question those in power is not dissent. It is the highest form of patriotism.
nationalism is scary, seen it first hand abroad. Devoid of logic, reason, or any individual intelligence....scary shit.
Yes, it should always be remembered that "nationalism" is actually a well-worn propaganda technique
@France4Hillary The Constitution needs an amendment for the Amer. people to hold a vote of NO CONFIDENCE in the govt.
I pledge allegiance to the earth, one planet, under the sun..with clean water and fresh air for all.
tell trump that.
I will help build that wall....cheap!
Right!!
lotta useful idiots round these parts
are they the right thing to do !!
on a connected note , various spokespersons say "he is only doing what he said he would". Wrong. The real issue is....
and further more one needs to remember what isolationism got us in the last century too.
you are spot on. Those who ignore history are doomed to repeat it. One should recall nationalism from the 1900's.
Please elaborate.
@laurennfrench  the brown  Elizabeth warren and total clown
PREACH!
In the United States the first is the opposite of the second.
Please continue to fight this regime. I stand with you.

Tell that to Swedes and Germans whose countries been invaded by hordes of rapefugees. No to open borders!
fake news - what we really have to worry about
Exactly, have enough of our own to be importing rapists from Syria.
#Termlimits Its been an hodgepodge of terms and Ideas. No one knows up from down all the same to ppl.
@VlDEOSTARK HANG THIS TWEET ON MY WALL
One of the causes of World War I nationalism. Belligerent patriotism. Creeping nationalism growing worldwide.#resist
-- Indeed! Nationalism is the opposite of patriotism!
@VlDEOSTARK read ha!!!
Brava! Well done!
Preach!
