I will closely scrutinize the next nominee to run this critical department.
Which one? Several departments (and the country) being run by unqualified people.
Breaking laws has always been detrimental to families, public safety, and the economy. You're part of the problem, not the solution.
Please tell me you R planning something 2 block the Nunes/King attack on @hillaryclinton, DT won't stop till she is locked up.
Ya think?
The last President to hire a General as Chief of Staff was Nixon, just saying !
100% women--maybe World Peace. 
Would like to see Kamala run!!
So we put Americans on welfare and pay illegals to do our dirty work. Hey, sounds logical to methat's makes brilliant economic sense 
The White House is a house of horrors. For seniors it's a god damned nightmare. Everything we worked for they plan to take from us,
Yes,  I'm just about to turn 63. He says(not that he tells any truths) seniors keep their retirement but taking away the others under 65.
I'm afraid that I wouldn't believe him. He is pathological. Truth lost the election.
I understand. If he robs seniors to give their social security to himself n billionaires , he deserves IMPEACHMENT and jail
I've a friend being deported. He is NOT a criminal, nor a gang member. He is a tax paying, law abiding man here 20+ years.  This Is Wrong
I've seen it happen in Canada also. It's easy to deport immigrants. They have no voice. Most people think they must have done something
Not good when u encourage separation of illegal women and their children ...
Democratic Party = now the party of foreign workers, not American workers. Why don't you move to Mexico?
Thank you! Last week a teenage boy was running and screaming in tears begging neighbs not to call cops. Turned out ICE had his mom. Awful.
How many ppl did dad kill? If he was MS13,probably many.They're victims like any kid w/a parent in prison.Release all prisoner w/kids?
Not rounding up MS-13 here!  Just hard-working Moms and Dads. Deporting to Mex border where thugs wait for them, rob, kidnap and rape. TRUE.
It is the same here. Guatemalans escape violence to come here to work in the fish houses. They are needed here but being sent home:((
Same in OH. Landscaping/nursery owners are losing their workers to deportation. Just talked to a business owner about that very problem.
We owned a landscaping business until a few months ago.  We we  bombarded w/illegals and it was tempting to hire them.  Those w/documents...
Is it difficult to obtain a temporary work visa?
He's just doing what Cheeto wants.  Who will follow him?
If you are here illegally be prepared to have consequence
#WeThePeople have serious problems with you .@SenKamalaHarris gave .@MaxineWaters $63k to endorse you .@realDonaldTrump
Um who gives a rats ass WTH you think, we have LAWS to follow, but it's evident Democrats don't follow LAWS. How's your friend DWS doing?
@Kat4Obama Not crazy about Kelly in this new position!
I worry about anybody who willingly works for Trump at this point.
True, me too! I don't trust a one of them! Not one. Birds of a feather, flock together..in this case FOWL...not EAGLES SOARING, Try CROWS!
I think he's completely unhinged
Cabinet with no hinges
lols..good1
Oh yeah! The same undisciplined Kamala Harris who asks questions but wont allow answers. You've been scrutinized and found lacking!
Your comment is lacking when her question was being given a run around. 
The AG committed perjury and was talking circles avoiding the ? .
The Chairman had to ask her at least twice to allow the witness to answer the question. It was a hearing not a trial.
Because the chair limited her time & Sessions wouldn't answer her ? Look at the tape-then look at the drilling of HRC in Benghazi hearings.
The Chair limited everyone's time the same, but Harris only wanted to grandstand &hear herself talk. Other Senators got more information.
Blah blah blah
Have you had the opportunity to speak with DHS John Kelly directly?
I didn't like working at Fedex hub at age 40 in ALL weather, claimbing high onto loaders either, but I had a car pmt
Please outline your concerns. Remember your concerns with #DeporterInChief Obama's Immigration policies? Oh that's right, you had none
That he's anti-immigrant and an extremist about drugs? Wants to imprison everybody? Some people say he's a nut job too. Not me.
Illegal immigration is not legal...
@SenKamalaHarris please run for office in 2020  you and @elizabethforma would be an unbeatable team
http://www.kgw.com/news/woman-65-in-ne-portland-reports-sex-assault-break-in-and-car-burglary/459231264 … sanctuary cities are much more detrimental than enforcing existing laws.
Why is it every move this @POTUS makes seems like it is an attack against the people of the US or their civil liberties?
Because uneducated fools such as urself make it so. Maybe stop watching so much CNN & start being a leader instead of a follower #MAGA

What are your concerns on Debbie Wasserman Schultz and her continued dealings with #ImranAwan even after he was fired by all others? #SHADY
Agree. Kelly's permitting (ordering) the ferocity and heartlessness of ICE officers made me suspect of his character. Seems 2 enjoy the hurt
Probably inappropriately thinks of them as "enemy combatants." WH will have a REAL tough guy in charge. Mobster-wannabes will be intimidated
Thank you for the warning
Mueller needs to move sooner rather than later and get these thugs out of DC.
@SenKamalaHarris was elected by American citizens to uphold & protect America & its laws, not the Democrats' lawless "progressive" ideology.
Maybe safer in new role. Amazing how 45 makes himself more impt then our NSA
Have serious concerns about Kelly being so close to Trump now. He's a blind disciple who'll execute any order given to him by the president.
Add it to the long list of concerns with EVERYTHING to do with this administration. Please, can't the good guys swoop in and stop this yet?!
Not to mention our moral and ethical integrity.
I hope whoever replaces Kelly would be more resilient and humanistic. Good Job, Senator. God Bless!
@


Yes it is true. He quite possibly is just an awful man because trump found him and shoved him down our throats too.
Senator, we have concerns about everything daily transpiring in the @realDonaldTrump regime. Looking to our leaders to intervene.
Today I heard about an American of Mexican descent being arrested by ICE in Michigan... family had to bring her birth certificate 4 release.
Kamala Harris for 2020 President!!!

Maybe Willy Brown can help you get a grip.
We feel helpless to know what to do, since they are breaking the law. The laws need to be changed.
Not me
We like Gen Kelly 
Put a stop to.illegals and refugees that are detrimental to our health. Why are Californians calling you a ho.
Oh no,another huge problem.
Oh, Ditto that!
It's ian exercise in pure fascism, rounding up undesirables & interring them in hellish for-profit prison camps that profit the president.
Many of us have.
flush him out !
PRESIDENT KAMALA HARRIS 2020
So have I
This shit is like a nightmare, don't know who 2trust in government certainly not the Republican Party no one on the right #NotNormal
And right you should Something's not right with this crop of generals running the government. Just doesn't feel right 2many ideologues in WH
Better something done by some1 somehow. Tired of open southern border. What 1st wrld country has so many violent illegals & drugs comn in??!
What do you propose to do about these serious  concerns? #justasking
I have serious concerns about how you refused to prosecute Steve Mnuchin.
Me too. Why'd you turn a blind eye to this man who cheated so many ppl out of their homes???
Would be nice if your tweets contained thoughtful substance not simple campaign positioning for future reference.
Had. Do you still have? Can you discuss plz.?
Our economy is controlled by the federal reserve.
I know what you mean! The Illegal immigrants that been crossing the border had some serious concerns about DHS SEC Kelly's policies too!
It's very upsetting.
Like Sen. McCain did to you 2x! I wish you were my Senator instead of the 2 Republicans I have now Cruz & Cornyn!!
Me too
Just don't allow anyone to get you off your game!!
Not to mention his comment to Trump to use a gift (sword) on the press, WTF? Yet he is a great man
But not concerns about secret tarmac meetings amirite?
#termlimits
Kamala, can you just get this administration to shut the hell up for one fucking day.  We are all so over it.  They are so exhausting
I say again you are our best last hope
we don't. People voted.
.Almost in unison, 62,979,879+ hands go up in agreement
He just puts one bad person after another in office
How about serious concerns of Trumps  mental health?
Concerning given trump's military predilection to have ex-general plus has been authoritarian at ICE
If Kelly truly has so much integrity then why has he agreed to be Chief of Staff for a proven liar?
if you have serious concerns about the law, which is what Gen Kelly enforced, then you should change it. If not, shut up
.Rather a lot of camo in the WH now...
I took one look at his twitter feed and quickly saw the absolute authoritarianism.  Will the current cabal in the WH fall in line?  

Don't have to worry any longer now Trump has clasped him to his breast!
i'm not feelin' any better with him in the WH...nothing more than another syncophant!
wait until trump declares martial law
You and Maxine Waters are a real joke! Are you related? You sure do look and sound alike!

Kelly is ok KKK LOL. he'd be a good pick if he wasnt so racist and liked by the klanso much. Other than that he's perfect for the job.
When an immigrant is shoved or banged into a car by police, where is their legal representation for humanity in this country?
@ACLU has this administration's head on record publicly recommending hurting folks being deported. Is that even legal?
i agree.  he and other cabinet members are very concerning.
Yes Kamala. So thank God the president has moved him to a job where he won't have any influence over policy, or anything else.
Trump only hires the best crooked people.
Finally we have an administration that believes in borders
Believes in law and order
And from you we get opposes Kate's Law
U are flawed
Glad to see you address this extremely important issue!
Illegals gotta go!
And we have a man in the white house who respects the rule of law.
They are a drain on society.
Every tweet is a pathetic leftist rant
Your are too far to the leftist slant
Kelley has sealed a border
You want it open in total disorder
Here's a group photo of everyone that shares your concerns.
How about the ridiculous idea to claw back Katrina funds from NOLA? He's idiotic.
Can you all fix the problem it's not right all this violence against people
was this just a ploy to move Kelly into COS so Trump cd move Sessions into DHS and then able to APPOINT ANYONE AS AG due to 'vacancy act'?
Thank you so much for your diligence and integrity! You have my 150% support.
Sen Harris, please stress to dnc to get back power then sort out party differences. Do your thing never let up.
As have all of us who were finding out details of his record/CV that became available after his nomin. He's certainly not improved.
How about his undisclosed ties with Spectrum Group
Now he can take his policies and implement them where they can only do good: inside the WH.
This is WHY another DEM won't win for a long time.  2024 will be long time for you Dems and you still won't win. Save your LIES.
OUR public safety has been much better since Trump! Proven already!  ILLEGALS are detrimental to our COUNTRY!  Illegal MEANS Illegal!
Of course you have because you're a DEM. Kelly doing an outstanding job; having to CLEAN UP OBAMA'S MESS! Your boy Obama is an Obamanation!
Fascism has landed in America, the end of the USA
Consider 2020!
Agreed a cleaner Patriotic Sessions?
If only you were already ELECTABLE to WH, instead of a bit of fun to tweet at, in the wake of Obamanazi delusions that you are still in 2008
I have concerns about a President with Russian ties.  Please IMPEACH now!
Should be no concern for persons here legally.
I wonder if tRump is going to attempt to transfer Sessions to DHS rather than fire him. Can he do that during a recess?
#hehasgottogoNOW
Why would distinguished Generals throw away stellar reoutations and credibility to work for this clowns administration?
So does the Anne Frank Center.
He's another ironhead who thinks politics can be run like the military.Orangehaired Asshole surrounded himself with him,Mattis,McMaster.Bad!
Almost anyone trump appoints has issues with being a bully.  And trump is the biggest bully.  He really needs to be ousted and pence, too.
He seems to be willing to enact #45's racist/xenophobic agenda.
Okayyyyyy? Oh, right. Positioning. I keep forgetting y'all do that.
I have serious concerns about ANY ONE who would take a job working for @realDonaldTrump
Of course Kelly's got that bullyboy behavior going on!
Kelly has to be a misfit for trump to even consider him
I have serious concerns about this entire administration making a mockery of our democracy
Completely Agree! This appt ONLY intended 2 advance anti immigrate stance, Muslim discrimination & negative adgenda against ANYONE of color.
HE'S A "YES" MAN WITH HIS OWN AGENDA. WATCH OUT.
Deportation is protecting my family by ridding us of those that would do us harm. Work within the law, imigrate lawfully
It works.
He and Bannon go back a decade that says it all.
I have serious concerns about anyone that wants to work for this shit show.
Illegals can blow me.
They werent Kelly's policies. Not before Trump. He didnt just end up w/a focus on that region in 2017.
Kelly has no prior political experience - sounds too familiar for this administration.
DHS's. Grammatical pet peeve.
Another irresponsible statement. You are part of the body that established these laws. DHS is enforcing laws You established.
Stratocracy
Love you too!!! 
GET A MESSAGE & MARKET YOURSELF NOW!! You could be a great contender for the nomination. Throw the boomers out!
Now s your chance of o have a say in his replacement. Make it count.
Thank you for fighting for the American people.
I hope you will keep up the good fight.
He is strictly by the laws on the Books Senator. As a former Military man I get that. If you want a change, change the laws he will follow.
But is he worse than Priebus???
please lookinto the ice detention centers ,people have already died there.
So do I. I also am concerned about his attitude towards free press.
You are not alone.
Give a look into his Gitmo history as well.  There was a reason Obama warned against him, he found his way around direct orders.
Now this spiteful imbecile lashes out once again against pres Obama repealing protections for clean water! He's a national security threat!
Senate should focus on making sure Sec.Kelly & DHS employees are mentally capable of handling their job to make fair decisions #nobannowall
Me too!
#MAGA  POTUS is working for the ppl who elected him. U may think he is an asshole, but that asshole has done more than Obama!!!!
Hi
Don't forget the Wall! Santa Ana NWR 1st on list
girl you are on FIAAAHHHH this year!.please run for POTUS.u are on the right side of history and the kind of Democrat we need in power,
Congratulations  Kamala on the voting last night.  Hope U and all the others can keep the Resistance going for all of US!

As have many of us.
Maybe #Kelly will be just as strict in the #WhiteHouse . And deport the #TrumpCrimeFamily
Another concern of the transparent ploy to move AG  to DHS and to put in a stooge as AG to get rid of Mueller.
DHS was not a good fit: too easy to unjustly treat all immigrants as "bad guys." In WH, real bad guys will quail before a disciplined Marine
Thank you.
Translation: Sec. Kelly and DHS are trying to limit freedom again based on their own bigotry.
This is a move...inching closer to firing Mueller. Watch for signals. You'll know what to look for. We trust you...

#TheResistance
WELL should we expect a coup d'etat lead by ex  generals.
Keep your eyes peeled.
In Gadsden, Al please check out this situation - rapes and beatings are being report with no recourse
Of course you do since you are pro-illegal immigration
I see Trump forming his Gestapo
I have too and his cruel behavior regarding othe oversight of Guantanamo, sounds like a bit of cruelty w/out and conscience and also bigotry
Now, what to do about it?
#LetsTakeAction
#MarchOn
As long as youre concerned our republic is safe
no1 currr
I have wondered about Kelly for quite a while. Seems he butt kisses Trump.
Isn't it Illegal to use State/Local authority to carry out Federal Laws?
It's personal to him which is dangerous.  No objectivity, no clear head.
GEN KELLY is up to no good Trump doesn't let people in unless they have criminal minds. Doesn't matter how long he served look at Gen Flynn
Anyone ok with Kushner lying on security clearence forms and much more should not be in office. He stated, nothing was wrong with it

#MuellerTime https://twitter.com/virtuallydead/status/890214988685742081 …
And his connection to SEX TRAFFICKING - Sallyport
Not only an understatement, but something you're late catching on to. Most of us were concerned a year ago, after he won the Primary.
Saw him in joint interview w Lil Possum Sessions about a month ago?Seemed to feed off each other n appeared evil n excited to catch humans?
Thank you!  Glad to hear you say that Sen.
Isn't he the one who said 45 should use ceremonial sword on the press?
