@SandraTXAS @SenKamalaHarris but being "illegal" is a crime isn't it?
Speeding is also illegal & kills 1000s. What's worse: adult speeding or 7 yo coming here w family?
breaking the law is breaking the law. We have laws for a reason, whether you like them or not
So do you ever speed? Or break any law? Know anyone who does? Just wondering where lines get drawn
every day this girl is breaking the law,. Do u break a law every day?
no, sarahs a saint, lol
Sounds to me like you all don't mind some law breaking. So what is yr real concern?
It is disgusting what 45 is doing to this country, kicking Ms Vargas when she's down so to speak. He needs to resign.
over what?  Because he is acting on behalf of CITIZENS OF THE US, dream on
if by citizens you mean the racist, xenophobic and toxic part of the country. She deserves better.
waaaaa, keep it up, keep beating that drum
You seriously don't see what he's doing? Goes to show the intellectual capacity of these subhumans.
sub humans, that all ya got.  You go right ahead and think your vote counts more than mine 
That made no sense whatsoever. Another quality you lack- common sense. It is what 140 char will allow
Do something about it!  Make ICE accountable to the legislative branch. ROGUE AGENCY
So did Sessions and he isn't being held accountable. @SenKamalaHarris
LOL!! Now it was a crime. Lol. Show me the crime (other than Obamas wiretaps)
forget what liberals did... but Trump is SO evil 
I wonder if Ms. Harris remembers that Elian's mom died making the trip from Cuba to FL. ?
Soros-BHO-HRC-Dems-Liberals-SJWs Made Dems LoseOver 1000seats+Presidency! Let them keep going #4TheLoveOfPete ILife
the country broke its promise to the American people years ago when it promised to start protecting our borders.
I didn't promise the illegal aliens ANYTHING. Get off your bent high horse. The law is the law lady.
She been/here LNG enough she knew this could/happen/hearing not quarentee to non citizens.this isnotnew
.@SenKamalaHarris we will reunite their family in THEIR COUNTRY after deporting them from America
the law is the law! U took an oath to uphold the law! Illegal is illegal! Deport her!
deport vargas, daca expired in november. shame on you for supporting criminals
.@SenKamalaHarris kicking out illegals...
Yes, Obama whacko. That's who WE are!
.@SenKamalaHarris she broke the law, why do illegals get 2 countries? 1 to rape the other to build homes n business
Senator -- which promise would that be ???
I don't recall EVER promising foreign citizens they can come live here w/out consequences. Even legal immigrants have rules
Exactly what promise did "The U.S." make to a (7)yr old whose family chose the illegal route of entry instead of "legal"?
.@SenKamalaHarris We have to start some where she is illegal period. You are supposed to uphold the laws of the office not to break them.
She failed to renew her DACA permit, that is what happens when people fail to renew their permits to stay.
is law.. shameful is locking people up for no crime..
She broke her promise.
Public confession by a foreign illegal.
Vargas has Broken America's laws by entering Illegally! You defending law breakers is Shameful!
- Illegal entry into US is shameful. Get your head on straight!!
hearing
I cant wait to take back the house in 2018 ICE is going to be held accountable. she is still entitled to a deportation
You have changed nothing she will be let back in when Trump gets kicked out of office in 4 years.
Right wing people seem to only want to apply the law when it suits their purpose but not in other cases like Cuba.
and your point is?
Did you not take an oath to uphold the law?
Broken promises?
she overstayed her visa?  expired Nov, but did not reply until Feb and "self admitted gang member"?  come on!
SHE'S ILLEGAL. Period thee end.
thank you for speaking up + fighting for DREAMERs - punishing children is not American. #danielavargas is best in US
Defund ICE!!! Make them stop the insanity. The Executive branch answers to YOU!!!
#GOP is horrifically dismantling our country! We must do our damnedest to reverse their damage! #ProtectOurDemocracy & USA!
criminals need to be deported
if her staying n the US was so important 2 her, she should have filed her paperwork on time. That's an Obama policy.
well, it's legal & Daniela Vargas put herself in this situation. It's time she take responsibility for her actions.
I though citizens were supposed to be our priority
BREAKING : Obama Immigration lead to Grizzly Grizzly death of 2young Long Island teen girls by 10 MS-13 Illegals #FridayFeeling Donald Trump 
ICE needs to stop this.
@ehcsztin No it's just being Republican
We need to investigate your ties to Soros & possible Russian contacts NOW
@Politics1com
@Politics1com
@Politics1com
That broken Democrat promise of not prosecuting crimes.
Hello!!! Illegal aliens get deported. It's the law. What is difficult to understand.  How,she got here is not relevant
yup deporting a person that is Here ILLEGALLY, is just horrible.  Maybe she should have gone, oh IDK; the LEGAL route#MAGA
from what msm reports, she's being held at this time, as is her illegal father and brother. She hasn't been deported.
I can't figure out what they afraid of; same folks been hanging blacks and starving Indians for centuries; MAGA=terrorists
do something!!
is she here Illegally?  Then she should be deported.  Simple, break the rules face the consequences.
Did your people hire her?
It's UNCALLED FOR! My family came here N late 1670's. Every generation has fought for this country. I'm so ashamed of us!
I thought we were deporting criminals.  Visa overstayers--too soon for tha.
Kamala, she didn't complete her paperwork to stay here. There are rules for DACA and she didn't comply.
Vargas broke the law in not renewing her authorization to stay!  She is the one that broke her promise!  
she broke our laws!!! She is not an American citizen.  
she's a Democrat. Get her out of here.
this is heartbreaking. What about Russian drug cartels in US, there are many & they are vicious.Is trump targeting them 2?
I have no words for how angry I am about this. Vile administration. Who are the criminals & terrorists?
In YOUR opinion but not in the opinion of many othets.
for one if you look at constitutional law DACA is illegal . But hay democrats never enforce laws they do not agree with
liberals just pick and choose which laws to follow! Liberals=hypocrites!
#SenHarris a leak regarding deportation says next one's will be undocumented on social services=families
where did you hear that??
Thank you for speaking out against the inhumane policies of the Trump administration 
She must be one of those "bad dudes" he talked about deporting. Really??????
if she's illegal, bye bye
Thanks for standing up so forcefully against this madness, Sen. Harris! Proud ur our Senator!
what part of "illegal" do you not understand?
Is she here illegally? No hearing needed. @LP6801
Can we undo this. It's not enough to be ashamed.  What can be done today. And who can do it.  #solidarity #RESIST
No her parents bring her here Illegally is their problem. It shouldn't just be Americans that have to follow the law!
is she here illegally?
Don't forget the Native American Past and Present broken promises R U.S a
House and Senate must act now and stop this shameful ICE action.
@KettleCorn1234  RT
We, The People, DEMAND an immediate investigation against @SenKamalaHarris for insurrection and treason. @POTUS
Shameful to you, legal and overdue to me
I'd be more concerned with the broken promises made to your American constituents.
One down, many, many more to go.  Thank you ICE
more talking out the Democratic bung hole !
Maybe she should have been responsible & renewed her DACA waiver instead of running her mouth for publicity
I'm crying over this. Rivers of tears. Naww, not really, good riddance. And I bet you let quite a few bad guys go ...
kamala supporting KKK Duke endorsing Ellison is shameful - your silence is approval
OH BTW the Obama adm was going to deport her and that's why she went into hiding. TELL THE TRUTH KAMALA
Tell the truth. She'd been in hiding for the past two years bc she was going to be deported. Her DACA was revoked 2yrs ago
Is this person innocent of the offense for which she is being deported? Please elaborate on your claim?
Is this constitutional? She is entitled to due process!
constitution is for citizens
No her family waved their rights to a hearing she shouldn't get special treatment.
a democratic senator that doesn't want to enforce the law of the land? imagine that! The people voted in Nov. u forget? smh
We'll be pleased to welcome Daniela back when she returns legally.
How many in CA voted illegally under your watch thanks to Motor/Voter?  Who verified real citizens registered?
How many illegals, Senator, have you welcomed to your home? I assume your family has an open door policy.
ICE = Trump's Gestapo. They've been waiting to have the chains off for a long time now, just needed a Nazi in charge.
This is not who  we are. The only public nuisance sits in the WH with all the other spiders making America miserable again.
should illegals from Switzerland be allowed to stay? She wasn't fleeing Mexico or Salvador. !Argentina.!
She was a DACA making a public speech.
no she wasn't a DACA. She failed to follow even that order. Missed renewal by near a year.
No due process? What have we become? How can we help her?
Just vile.
This is shameful and cruel.
Sometimes policies that are necessary seem cruel to those that decide things emotionally.
This is outrageous and ridiculous. Please help her.
It is wrong.  ICE getting away with it is scary for everyone.  Is America going to be a police state w/o due process?
citizens have due process and fourth A rights. Not the world.
I'm sure this isn't true. Trump told us he has a big heart!
big stone heart
You mean our country reversed the promise of democrats to violate our laws. Say goodbye to your illegal votes.
Right, do you honestly believe that 3m voted illegally? Conveniently enough to give T pop vote victory.
And she was DACA?
And was it BECAUSE she was speaking up?
No wonder the world no longer respects US. Alien criminals thumb their noses at our laws & lefties defend them
she publicly admited to being illegal shes a criminal
She must be one of those "bad dudes," right? Or maybe it's easier to pick on regular folks than going after the felons.
luckily for her she is going back to Argentina. A stable thriving nation. Should illegals from England stay to?
OMG.  This is terrible.
Trump is on the mean train.
