It’s ridiculous that I have to say this. Knowing what we’re voting on should be a requirement.
Yes it should but Sen McCain flew in to vote on something he has no clue what it will be.

Two words: Nancy Pelosi
What about what your constituents want and not the party, that is what should matter. Stop voting for party & vote for who elected you
Stay strong. Repukables have only one vision. Take away from middle class and poor and give to rich....

Taking HC insurance from 22M. What happen to the very sick once O'Care is pulled from 'em?
Stay strong. The repukables have only one vision. Take away from middle-class and poor and give to rich.
Propose single payer! Get this idea out on the national stage for debate
Did we know what was in Obama Care..
Does this remind you of anything? Remember Pelosi pass it before we know whats in it? Dems are hypocrites.
We just cannot keep letting the insurance industry Hold Us hostage
Knowing you are there to fight for us is a comfort though.  A grateful nation thanks you Ms. Harris.  Much love & gratitude!!
A pin the tail on the donkey game.
.Doubt they do, either. Other than cut cut cut  - with a rusty scalpel
I'm almost sure we have @SenatorMcCain's vote. The world is watching because he now knows how important it is to possess. #VoteNo
No, McCain will support the GOP. There is no empathy with the GOP. They don't care.
It's a shell game Senator
As long as you vote NO, HELL TO THE NO, it doesn't matter.
It's pretty simply. They want your vote for the 1% it serves.

Dems passed the Bill 7 years ago without reading it. Poloci said read it later, just pass it. Appeal and replace!
Finally moving in the right direction. No Bill because Dems don't participate in bipartisan discussion. The people need you, be accountable.
None of you gave a crap what was in Obamacare and Nancy Pelosi said we had to pass it to see what was in it.  So, petard, hung, on.
JUST VOTE NO.
Just vote NO...coming from them, it's something real stupid anyway!

#TheResistance
They don't care what's in it as long as they repeal healthcare with Obamas name on it AND get rich off the backs of dead Americans!
How can you vote for anything you havent read or had time to process?
Then it should be an automatic no.
PS....just like Trump. Must come to an end.
How is it the government can force people to vote on something they've never seen? Is this truly legal? It's b******* must come to an end.
It's their dirty little secret
None of them should get a "yes" vote, none.
We've never needed you in this role more. Thanks for fighting for us. 
That it's done in secret is not acceptable;that you've no idea what's in it is Un-American.Refuse to vote.
Yes, and...?? What's your plan, @SenKamalaHarris???
Do what Pelosi told u - pass it to find out what's in it
Whatever is in the bill will be made more Despicable before it's over and be passed very sneakily during the night I'm damn sure of it
Sounds a lot like how Obamacare was passed...
Nope.
It's a homicide case they don't even know what they're doing Republicans are lost
Yikes!
You have to pass it to see what's in it!
Well, ma'am, if you don't, we're all in trouble.
It's all about their ego and repeal anything that has Obama name on it, it's not about what is good for the American people.
Your not voting on a health care bill today. You are voting to open debate.
You need to propose all Congress required to have same healthcare package as the rest of the people.
Why would you care you and your DEM senators will not vote on it anyway? The GOP doesn't need your votes.
Now six hours later we don't know the bill they voted on to pass
Why don't you join Chuck Schumer and promote
#SinglePayer   ? Prove you aren't the corporate shill we all think you are
U guys don't talk to each other??
Then vote NO!! #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW  #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW  #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW  #LockTrumpCrimeFamilyUP #LockTrumpCrimeFamilyUP  #Resist
Democrats signed Obama care w/o knowing what it was about.
Whatever it is it's going to only hurt the middle and lower class. And how about Medicaid? He better NOT touch Medicate!
They want you to vote on the healthcare plan which causes the most distraction from 45's upcoming RICO cases. #HealthCareVote #kamalaharris
They killed it
Well just take a page from Nancy Pelosi, pass it 1st and then find out what is in it.
Well why don't you pay attention and you might learn. Simple concept.
They don't either!!
#wethepeople know all you care about the

 criminals you dont represent the american 

 Ppl your a #FakeAmerican ur #FakeRepresentative
Like with drugs you should just say no
Shame on you for supporting the ACA. It is so bad that your colleagues exempted you and your staff from it.
Resist
Fight for us Senator Harris!

Does it really matter?? No matter what it is...you're gonna vote no. 

So...stop your whining.
They're waiting for the Kremlin to approve the bill...
Well, at least we've had our 'Obamacare' for 17 years. It was great while it lasted.
If the people of Nevada don't throw @SenDeanHeller out of the senate for moving this rotten bill forward. #sickening
Then boycott en masse or refuse to vote or something. I dont understand you people. I stand up for what I believe is right.Too simplistic?
It's called #repeal!
Because your head is buried in the sand.
They don't care!! They just want to win whatever that means
This is absolute madness
Simple solution to the vote on healthcare reform without being allowed to read it first: Vote No. Enacting the unknown would be asinine.
Either do they
Shhhhhh! The GOP cult has a secret bill to screw as many American citizens as possible so they can orgasm.
Sorry for my French, but what a clusterf**k
Motion no to move forward
Me thinks they are up to something...
The first bill is simply to agree to discussions of healthcare bill. Say yes (be careful), say No ??
This would be a great time to be screaming single payer aka medicare for all from the roof tops. Just saying...........
That's because they don't know!!!! They are a waste of public funds!
You forgot to put sarcasm quotes around "bill".
I've been enjoying it, and find it more illustrative.
That is beyond infuriating+so irresponsible! It is literally life or death.We put them there! Yet this is how they are deciding on OUR care!
And we also pay for their health insurance which won't be affected by this vote
Yes I know I hate this republican dog and pony show
TRUE THAT ... there is Not one except #ACA ... to Kill it is 
TODAY'S McConnell MANDATE 
or VOTE KILL IT or loose #GOP Reelction funds
#MedicareForAll
@Pat1036 hey does a clean repeal need 60 votes for MTP?
Keep up what your doing. Scream, jump u[p and down, lay on the floor for all of us who voted Politican's into off and free health care.
Neither does the @GOP
Sneaky Husband Play Book 101, lay down a cover of confusion + chaos
Just vote Nay
Smh
Whatever it is vote no. This is truly despicable.
.@SenateGOP .@SenateMajLdr this is grotesque behavior!Why hide bill? You've been workin on it 4 last 8yrs right? So it shld b good. Right?
I've lived thru a lot of stuff but what is going on in DC now is not like "us". Just really disappointed in our country right now.
I heard it doesnt matter...
Don't feel bad, they don't either.
POTUS is the hate that hate produced. It's actually very sad. We are better than this as a nation.
That poke doesn't even have a pig in it.
It's ridiculous. I agree. Same thing happened with the ACA. Nobody had a chance to read it before the vote. Now it's happen I g again. 
They are such a joke.
They don't either!
.@SenKamalaHarris It's a republican bill. Don't worry, I think I'll know before you do. Just saying. #Trumpcare #HealthcareBill
Then you should vote no at least until you know what your voting for. As far as you know you could be voting to give away your first born
...the gridlock and partisanship within the legislature is hurting the American public especially regarding health care.
Vote No to any bill they bring forward that's how you save the day for The American People
Odd.  I find myself constantly quoting Nancy Reagan:  "Just say NO!"
Easy, just vote NO! Then prepare for 2020.
Why would a Senate Leader propose a Bill where you won't have time to study its contents ?  Hating Obama means that much to Republicans ?
Then there can be no responsible vote, except "NO."
=> No need to feel left out, I'm sure they don't either.  They have 2 basic criteria
1) Screw >20M citizens
2) Shower money on the rich

Please do whatever you can to stop this travesty!  Thank you!!!!!  You're my Senator!
Senator Harris please have your staff research #redshift anomalies in districts using electronic voting machines
Pitiful!
They ( @SenateGOP ) are flying by the seat of their pants, literally! All while playing deadly politics with heir constituents lives! 
Our very own @NancyPelosi didn't seem to think it was such a big deal when the #ACA was up for a vote. #badargument
Amusing how they've all become #ConvenientProgressives after being WithHer when she said #SinglePayer 'will never happen.' #MedicareForAll
How can u vote for something u don't know what is in it. people voting for this bill are showing they don't want to do their job just a win
Dont they have to give everyone a copy??? I dont get it...
You just stay there and watch. I trust you.
Then simply refuse to vote Kamala.
"Have to pass the bill so that you can find out what's in it.." -Pelosi on Obamacare. I guess we're just repeating history here.
Wasn't okay then, isn't okay now. No one should ever have to vote on something they can't see. ESP when people are gonna lose HC access.
Very irresponsible
That's insanity.
Does it even matter? We all know the Dems will vote against anything the GOP puts on the table! Get real!
As they should.
Someone should take the Senate floor and read aloud the entire bill to ensure every Senator hears the contents.
If only reading comprehension exams were required for voting...
McConnell came very close to rivaling Trump on the number of lies he could cram into a 5-min. speech. In KY uninsured fell from 22% to 7%.
Bit like a mushroom,kept in the dark and fed manure."health care"  is just a poisonous mushroom.Toxic for everyone who touches it.
Repealing the ACA healthcare would be terrible.  Repealing without replacing would be a disaster.
How is it even legal to vote on a bill no one has seen? Constituents depend on their senators to rep them, but how can you w/o seeing it?
Whatever it is ... With their track record, "Nay" is the correct vote.
Please keep reinterring to all colleagues, in a nonpartisan  way. We have serious,, life altering concerns about this unknown quantity. #NO
So, obviously, not time to vote! Still need to read, evaluate & discuss. No way anyone can vote on something unread! THIS IS A DEMOCRACY!
Stunning and colossally stupid to vote on such an important bill without knowing its contents. I no longer understand the GOP.
Health care should be sent back to the state
@SenFeinstein thank you for maintaining a No vote! #keepkidscovered
Thank you for maintaining a no vote! #keepkidscovered
why do you care, you are going to vote no anyway
The $64 Q? Will #Republicans have #courage #dignity #honor and represent #WeThePeople ? #Trumpcare is #NoCare
What would happen if, like @SenJohnMcCain, u had a brain tumor, but no insurance? How scary would that be?
Thank you, so proud of you.
I hope GOP has brains to learn from Kushner. DON'T VOTE FOR /SIGN NAME TO TRUMPCARE BILL UNTIL THEY KNOW EXACTLY WHAT'S IN IT!!
No throwing your assistant under the bus on this one!
Then turn it down. Be a decent person.
This is insanity!  This president has to go.  I don't even recognize our country anymore.
Impeach impeach him now
How can you vote on somthing you havn't read and understood? If i did that at work they'd fire me.
#impeachtrump
VOTE NO IF YOU DON'T KNOW!!!
This cloud of secrecy suggests hidden language in bill that may have more to do with Russian sanctions than healthcare.
Does tht mean ur vote will be a hard No! ? ....these people are crazy!
Anybody that votes yes on the MTP does not believe in true and transparent democracy and deliberation.
Homework for MidTerms #Vote November 6, 2018: http://ballotpedia.org/United_States_ …

WE are the EMPLOYERS; We PAY those we hire. Let's hire intelligently
@ManuelSillas54 kamala don't vote for anything, the stubborn and psycho, of Donald trump, he is an idiot. He does not anything about health
sounds like EVERYONE should #VoteNO
The American people know their vote does make a difference. If they don't see results, whoever is up for re-election next year is in trouble
So stop them. This is ridiculous. Ask them to vote at the same time on impeachment.
Impeachment starts in the house not the senate. That's why in November 2018, we need to vote out EVERY republican house member.
Good point but since they refuse to follow the rules... ;)
What is wrong with your colleagues???? Thank you for standing up for us!
Thank you for fighting for us!!!!
How is this legal?
When is the vote?
Please continue the fight to save #healthcare for all. Your work is important not just to us in #CA, but millions of #Americans.
Then that's a NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO...
Just called and left you a message.
Thanks to you and @SenFeinstein for your NO vote!
Please vote "no"  Nothing they do is good
Vote NO
Thank you for fighting for us
Apparently full or skinny repeal.
...thinking, and Dem won't know...so just vote no. GOP designed bill contents to be hidden.
The Republicans do NOT have a health care bill, only a Deathcare bill!!!
You're voting to open up a debate about the bill, not to implement the bill. Not sure why you wouldn't vote to debate.
It scares me that you guys are really voting on only Repeal but it's being kept a secret.
Oh that's easy: it's the bill that gives Trump and Co a BIG tax cut.
Then gotta stand up and say No 
If it's not good vote no Kamala Good Heart. People are counting on you.
SMDH
Sabotage this sham. Dominate the headlines
And they want to hurt people like my brother! 
.@GOP THIS IS A PERSON YOU WANT TO TAKE HEALTHCARE FROM! HE'S MY BROTHER! MY FATHER DID THIS TO HIM! HOW SICK ARE YOU! 
What difference does it make? All you do is obstruct
That's Crazy!!!! 

According to @CNN, today's vote is a motion to proceed to debate and amendments of health care bill passed by the house.
Trump is the flashpoint for this alt-riot. Is anyone surprised by @SenateGOP looting? The bill is a deathrattle.
And they call this "leadership"?
Senator, you are voting NO on anything GOP-sponsored.  So don't be so haughty and cut the hubris
A California Democrat won't do well in a presidential run.  The rest of the US won't support a Dem from Cali.  Doesn't translate well
I could have sworn that few ppl would support a lying, incompetent, mentally ill grifter. I was wrong.
The one that gives tax breaks to the rich while killing the poor.
Can't be any worse than this.....
Then DON'T! You need to#KillTheBill Ana then you need to find the proof to #ImpeachTrump
Thank you for voting no and please filibuster
I've never seen news of people from any country,except America,begging their government for health care. AMERICANS begging for health care.
Not true at all
What is "not true at all"?
Details are not important to Rs. Just belittle Obama at any cost
And if they choose repeal only - "All senators and families will immediately cancel THEIR insurance plans, and not enroll until replaced."
And if @SenJohnMcCain votes to repeal, he should cancel his own insurance, so HE can get the proper "preexisting condition" runaround.
