We can’t throw up our hands – we need to roll up our sleeves.
All that you’ve been doing has mattered, but we must do more to defeat this bill.
The next step is to keep lifting your voices & telling your stories. Call, tweet, write, show up. Keep organizing & keep marching.
No, we’re not going to win every battle, but this is one we have to fight.
Ok, LOOK IM READY TO GO THRU IT ARTICLE TO ARTICLE ADMENDMENT 2ADMENDMENTS WE KNW CBO A LONE TAKES 6 MOS ARTICLE BELONGS 2 HIM & HIM A LONE
Article III B LONGS 2 THEM NT US INNOCENT PLP I DT POST 2 MUCH AS IF IT MIGHT GET HIM MADER @ ME I NEED SUPPORT FM MY PEERS HIT THT LIKE1TME
Thank you for the encouragement!
Please run for President. I am impressed with your ability to debate the GOP liars & I think you'd make a great candidate. Keep it up!
As someone who lives in KY, I feel incredibly helpless. I have no good Senate options.
Georgia here... I feel your pain!
DC here and we don't even get a vote! Let that sit in for a moment. Taxation without representation. The pain and struggle is real
I know! It seems impossible...
The Civil Rights movement also seemed impossible at one point. Challenges can seem overwhelming but never quit! Fight for our democracy.
Billy, you are absolutely right. It's too important to sit down now. It's just been a draining day, but tomorrow, I'll be ready to go! 
Love that attitude Lala! Tomorrow I will stand with you. Let's each promise to find someone else tomorrow and encourage them to stand too
Deal! It's  easy to get down in an unsure world, and we are certainly in an alternate reality. The silver lining? Overwhelming involvement!
Senator,  We will look to LEADERS like you to marshal support for the actions that will bring sanity to our splintered government.
Correct it's time to take control of our country back
this.
How is it that a bill with 17% approval proceeds through the Senate with 51% approval? Our democracy has failed.
It's failing miserably! Dems better get their shit in a row for '18 or it's going 2 b more of the same. Time to pull from a new playbook.
Yes! Please encourage @KamalaHarris to join @RoKhanna in refusing PAC money, we need good fighters like her on our side, but w PAC $, 1% win
I think she's already been indoctrinated
We Dems have to be realistic that our politics involve money and vetting from big donors. We must unify & get Trump Cabal OUT!
The Clinton approach failed in 2016, will fail harder next time bc people understand more and more our "leaders" are bought off.
Can we stop mentioning Clinton? Move past 2016. We need a candidate who lead w/integrity and quash the great economic divide.
We're going to have to agree to disagree on this one. I support Sanders, as does the vast majority of the country. The establishment doesn't
Our government is not protecting us from the DJT nightmare.
Courge is always the key of everything
We are pissed!!
Progressives are peaked and aware of the tricks of your corporate sponsors. This house is divided, Corpocratic Centrists vs. Progressives.
What does "fighting" even mean, when you can't take a stand for #SB562
Call @rendon63rd and call in the victory Democrats have at hand.
We are truly screwed. A traitor is sitting in the oval as his party watches him commit crimes and shred democracy daily.all they do is yawn
We are here, we are not going away.
U offer no appeal to middle America and contrary to what u think that's how u win the White House
Keep fighting Kamala
Sen Harris I voted for you and am so proud of the job you are doing. Stay strong and keep fighting for us!
We must rally together to fight against the powers at be!!!
Thank you for having the backs of every American
As an Irish person, fair dues to you and @RandPaul on seeking judicial reform. Something we need to do in Ireland asap too.
Ms Harris will u endorse Single Payer??
Why did the healthcare bill need a vote for the debate to continue?
I'm angry. I'm outraged. I'm sick of the arrogance of Republicans, rich white men who smugly vote to kill the poor and middle class ....
Just because they can. It has to stop. We have to stop them. I'm tired of asking, begging them to impeach Trump, to hold him accountable...
We #TheResistance must take action. Let's come up with ideas that makes this the GOP's problem so they actually care. Boycotts of companies
That put money in their pockets. Anything legal that makes their lives harder, more inconvenient, less pleasant. We need ideas.
Let's start now. Phone calls and  e mails and waiting until 2018 isn't enough.
Any businesses willing to stop serving anyone who voted yes on the Trumpcare vote today? Is that legal? Can we find out? Any lawyers?
Please retweet and share ideas.
For instance a boycott for Paul Ryan could involve his contributors for 2015-2016. Bank of America, Nike Inc. And we could make clear why
This fight is not over! #ProtectOurCare #SaveACA #SaveMedicaid #GeeksResist
She really is something else, Princess.
She's amazing. The leader we need.
She really made the AG squirm.  She can do that to Putin.
What about Federal #Medicare4All? Now is the time. What is you r position on CA Single Payer Bill
we've been betrayed. they have taken our money and destroyed our democracy. we have every right to express our grief and outrage.
It can be hard talking to a wall. Dem's still seem 2b #AllPanderingNoPrincipels We want #SinglePayer, end #SuperPACS & Lobbyist in Dem party
How will we stop it, trump bullies them and they listen.
I'm going to lick my wounds today, then be back at it tomorrow. What choice do we have? But I do have a long memory and I hold grudges. 2018
Can't make progress as long as politicians can take $$ from health ins. companies & big pharma. Conflict of interest & the people lose.
Here, read this tweet. It's hard working for the ppl and loving the money from Big Pharma & the prison industry. What say you? 
As a Brit I only became  aware of you since the recent senate hearing on the comey firing Americans need you to run for president!!
Medicare for all
Based on your responses I would say a machine is answering you tweets while you meet with DARK MONEY. We don't want bought politicians.
Have no problem with a strong female! We have a problem with Corrupt, #CorporateDems, #Fauxgressives #ResistNeoliberalism
Since you apparently can't be bothered to think for yourself or do any research...
#KounterfeitKamala
Sure it is....is that what your super pacs  tell you? The only way is through #SinglePayer & you wouldn't support #SB562.
I would like to see single payer .@SenKamalaHarris
Me too!
I'm not frustrated. I'm afraid. My government is causing FEAR in my life.
Our government should fear us, not the other way around.
Well, when they let corporations and the 1% own them, we mean little to them now. But, our taxes do help sustain them. #TaxRevoltNow
I think we need to boycott...I don't know what but, if we hit them in their wallets, they'll listen.Selfish & Money is all they know.
I read something about a move to criminalize boycotts! They want to quash dissent, which is the right of all US citizens.
I think that related to international commerce
Okay, I hope you're right on that score.
How'd we do?
#ACA has its problems, but it can be made better. Have to make it fair to everyone.
We are not giving up, we demand Single Payer, please join our fight !!!
@IndivisibleAV is working to take back CA CD 25 (Steve Knight). Dem MOCs are helping. I hope you can visit some time within the next year.
As your neighbor in CA-26 I applaud you. We have our hands full here with a DJT friend moving on our great rep. Let's keep working!

Why? Do you find strong intelligent women threatening?
why did @At DNS members not follow you?
We need you!
I know a terminally ill cancer patient in LA on medi-cal who was refused treatment at several area hospitals
I agree, rise up! Encourage your friends, family, co-workers, strangers, Dems, Reps, Indies....to call your Senator & Representative!!!
We're trying, but we need y'all to do more. You're in the position of power to get rid of this illegitimate president. We're fighting daily.
Keep fighting for us!
@babyspittle we marched., we called,  we fought and voted for @HillaryClinton we've had 6 months of Trump.. Anything else?
what's your whine, john joseph?  if you're tired and think you should relax during the fascist clown's presidency, you're on your own.
I hear you @MFaraino, my doc just diagnosed anxiety for me.
This is my daughter Rebekah. Your office recently helped us in clearing up issues regarding her benefits. If our story can help, let us know
God bless your daughter!!!
Both if my adult children have Crohn's Disease and rely on Medicaid. My son is completely disabled by this & Anklyosing Spondylitis. Xoxo
And these are the people whose lives Congress is willing to risk in order to deny Obama a legacy
My daughter was just in the hospital with a bowel obstruction. She's scheduled for surgery in August.  We keep fighting and will never stop.
Bekah's last extended stay was over a year ago, thank God. But things can turn on a dime. She's vent, trach, and g-tube dependent.
Poor baby!!!  I will keep her in my prayers!
And your lovely daughter will be in mine
We're just getting started here on N AZ. I'm not sure @SenJohnMcCain  and @JeffFlake quite know what's been unleashed
Where are the protests today? Tomorrow? When? I'm ready! Waiting to be deployed! N. AZ prefer-but can go to Phoenix aka Hell! #resist
PHX tonight
Can you please be the new Democratic candidate in 2020? Thank you.
Sorry, neither democratic socialists, nor the greens, nor most progressives, nor berniecrats will vote4 Kamala. Dont run unless u want the L
Time forbDems to fight and win.
Maybe it's also time for a three party system... because holy shit.
Or just get rid of the corrupt Rs.
I think it's safe to say it could be as deep as the whole party at this point. They know. Who talks about pardoning themselves if innocent?
Well, he really likes talking about himself in ant and every context, so who knows?
I can't believe Heller (my sen. who will lose his job next year), McCain, etc voted yes after we, the public, did our part #shameful
Yeah that SOB! I called every day to tell him vote NO! TODAY HIS V/M WAS FULL! BROKEN PROMISES! LIAR! ASSHOLE!
I hit up this, they fax to your senator for you
Thank you Senator
Thank you SO much Kamala for looking out not only for us Californians but everyone.  Keep the pressure on the Russia thing - that is real.
We are discouraged the bill will leave millions to suffer and some will die, our only hope is people like you
We are  from being discourage and we will do everything in our power to make notice that healthcare is a human right! #TeamKamala
Fight for us and we will stick with you. We also must not give up on the fight for ourselves. #ACA
Here's my q: Why do the American ppl have to work so hard to stop their elected reps from destroying their country and their lives?
I bet you won't read this!

Any help Dems?

#AmericaNeedsFirstAntiCorruptionParty
#EndLegalCorruption
Not discouraged. #FilibusterByAmendment fight like Mcconnell - that is, dirty.
We will fight time to get ready for 2018. This,is,the issue that decides if those in control have the people's mandate to govern.
not frustrated... pissed off!!!
Definately running out of patience. We will not stand by & allow our govt to be taken over by a dictator and GOP Russian sympathizers.
Was heartsick after #MTP vote, but now feel the battle lines r more clearly drawn. #firedupand readytogo!!
Hope is all we need and that is having you...
Do you support single-payer? How many Americans must die before our government adopts the only proven national healthcare plan that works?
Nina Turner places the DNC on notice "The people's platform"
MUST SEE VIDEO! DNC puts barricade up in front of people @ninaturner calls them out! @ShaunKing @KillerMike https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CObAsBDM3zs&feature=youtu.be …
Single payer
@OPSVeracity what are democrats doing to delay and stop this? Introduce as many amendments to slow down the process.
@leahmcelrath   You might be interested in this
Episode 6: "You Have The Right To A Lawyer, But Not To A Doctor." https://youtu.be/8LFS-_nJsnQ  via @YouTube Share w friends in KY, GA,FL,TX,MO!!
Thank you Senator. It's hard when you know your Senator isn't listening but thank you for fighting hard and we won't give up! #ACA
I've called I've tweeted I've emailed #KeepFighting #healthcare
We are SO tired of the GOP bullshit. Thank you for continuing to fight for those of us who feel like we have no voice. 
I'm not discouraged I'm pissed because the Democrats never fought for single payer when they had a super majority in 2010.
Thank you. You give me hope for the country.
Please fight Ms Harris
But what is the plan @SenKamalaHarris?
I don't wish it but look at the battle. People thought he wouldn't be elected, he was, collusion, pathetic management, clearly disfunctional
Heard McCain say the bombastic statements from TV ,Radio,and internet? How about from the SCREWBALLS in the house and Senate? Or Whitehouse?

keep fighting mom
Read this:
SINGLE  PAYER  NOW 
We love you and we believe in you. On the morning after the election, I told my 4y.o. daughter it would be ok bc of you. She's on Obamacare

Keep fighting. We need to stop this madness
This is going no where. Trump care is an abomination and the republicans have just given up their seats for a tax cut on the rich.

My Senators, @SenatorBurr & @SenThomTillis have no intention of voting no. They could care less about the people they represent. I wont stop
Frustrated as do not feel WE THE PEOPLE are being heard...
I am listening to the reading of these amendments on CSPAN how can you even understand them? They say strike this insert this, STUPID
"A better deal" is nothing. We need a fight song. A real one. You can do it.
thank you for your voice and fight
U better kic k ass or go home
HRC is always fighting for US
O.K I gave myself 2 hours to be DEVASTATED..now I am ready to regroup, resist, fight , call, email....from Syracuse New York...thanks,Kamala
Please keep fighting for my daughter and her baby
This is #LegalizedGenocide  Please Tell me y'all have a legal plan in place to stop this. #Resistance will NOT take this laying down!
Most are frustrated that no one has been arrested, forced to step down, prosecuted.
The folks staying on top of this understand the complexity, the casual voter just sees a congress in gridlock as usual.
Millions will die. Children, the poor, the elderly & without dignity. The mentally ill will get worse & cause more devastation. #KillTheBill
Thank you for everything, including the encouragement.  You're our hero.  Much love.
@mswhatsit tell McCain he's no effing hero!
We appreciate everything you are doing
Trying not to feel anything Kamala. Sensory overload. Thank you for all that you do. 
We're still all in.  Processing our frustration for the next round!!!
stop conflating health insurance with health care. We will all get sick. Cut subsidies to lines that make us sick. L Corn?
Yes

Not frustrated-Terrified.
Everyday is worst than the rest. He is destroying democracy. Yesterdays speech at BSA is proof our country is being run by a madman
Please keep fighting for us!
Thank you, Senator. Wish we could clone you for Texas. Keep up the good fight.
Then, Senator, repeat after me, #SinglePayerNow .
Only because of TRUE Americans like you Sen.Harris! Thank you for supporting THE PEOPLE!
Keep up the great work Senator Harris! You're inspiring!
THANK YOU FOR FIGHTING FOR US. Thank you thank you.
#FightOn
If they succeed, we must help those hurt, take majority back and get a strong bill signed into LAW
Discouraged? Understatement.-Devastated-I fought leukemia I can't fight this-@DeanHeller has open the door to death in this Country
It's going to be a knockdown, brutal fight. I hope all sides have #healthcare in place for their recuperation!
How can we convince them not to vote along with their party though?
Call, hector, badger, mock, shame, shun, threaten to duels (no, don't do that!), but fight! Learn to love the fight . . . and we will win!
All senators and congress need to reply to his teeets. Bombard him w the facts ,call him out!
Start framing the issue not as one of entitlement but as the proper investment of our hard earned tax dollars!  Invest our taxes in us!
Yes, frustrated with you, for every day you allowed the "Obamacare is failing" lie to perpetuate as it works well in your home state
Frustrated? Sick, tired, discouraged, tired of wasting time on this? When will they stop? Ever? When they are voted out?
The GOP has declared war. Isn't it time we responded in kind?
#SaveACA   Our lives depend on it!
What else can we do? I called you but who else should is Californians call
Throw impeachment papers at him even if they don't go anywhere   Show you are with us. That would be the only thing to bring us back to you
And it would take his mind off healthcare
Thank you for keeping hope alive. Im simply exhausted. Keep at @SenKamalaHarris !!
Single payer please
While I do prefer a single payer option, could you look a one of @RandPaul ideas: Allow anyone to form a group to sell group plan? 1
I think anything we do to get people out of the individual market will help bring prices down. I'd live to see people have a choice 2
I'd like to see people have a real choice between good group plans.
Hopefully because I really want this trumpmare to end
Please keep fighting for us. Please keep explaining.the process. We'll keep fighting with you. #NoToWealthCare
Operations, threats, ignorance and still he's winning. Its not about the people and never will be. Few are important but not all.
KAMALA ITS DEBORA JUST READING UR TWEETS BK? IM TRYN HARD 2 KEP MOVING 4WARDS W/IT! I DIDNT STEP OUT I AM WORRIED ABT. TRUMP COMING AFTER ME
All corrupt in Congress need to b cleaned out + laws changed to prevent corruption before anything can happen. R u willing to lead the way?
Well, we weren't loud enough and they are advancing this dangerous legislation. Even @SenJohnMcCain shamefully chose party over Country
Will there be an amendment that legislators' insurance aren't exempt from the bill's provisions/lack of protections?
Discouraged? Who's discouraged? We're mad as hell & want our "representatives" to represent US, not their perks & wallets!
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris 
Will you be my next president??
Thanks for your efforts, along with @SenFranken
Thank you. I truly actually needed to see this.
Me too.
Please insist Republicans STOP LYING about ACA being "disaster." So tired of abject racism, attempts to erase Obama legacy. Disgusting.
Look...#WeThePeople ARE worried..losing sleep because of pretty much daily damage being done to entire country (world, actually) by....
@realDonaldTrump! It is made extremely worse by the fact that we have spineless Senators like @marcorubio @tedcruz etc who apparently.....
would NOT..under ANY circumstance put this country before their party! They r too stupid to get..no country, no party...& he would NOT....
defend them!!! Trump wants Sessions gone so he can fire Mueller!! They all praise Mueller (because he has a superb reputation &  deserves...
it)...yet..would they do ANYTHING..I just don't know! It is hurting many of us..especially those of us who  r already medically compromised!
It is obvious...since he has been trying to find out if he can pardon himself..THAT HE HAS COMMITTED CRIMES!! It is ALSO OBVIOUS that he...
WILL bend over backwards for Putin!!! I just turned 52 on 23rd & I just can't believe this is happening!!!
 #kamala2020
Does the fight include more pithy #newDemslogans instead of actual human American children who will literally die without #Healthcare?
All of this is for his tax agenda human lives are at risk
We shall not be moved.we are not discouraged we are Encouraged
You read tweets? Take a stand for real change. Stop making excuses that your broken system is better than their broken system.

#SinglePayer
Frustration doesn't begin to describe it!
Fight! We have your back Senator. Relentlessly. 
Trying to hold fast to hope, but it's a challenge. Thank you for all that you're doing!
We're in & we stand with You!
Frustrated? Discouraged? I am DISGUSTED, HORRIFIED, AND ASHAMED.
Nope. Repeal is what's needed. Ocare is a turd.
THANK YOU so much for listening, representing us and keeping us going. I appreciate all you do !! 

AND I VOTE !!!!!!!!! 
We will survive. It ain't over, All In Let's Go!
Stay calm and call MOC, get involved locally and at state levels.
Thank you, Senator, for being our champion.
Thank you for your leadership. 
#KillTheBillDontKillUs
Thank you for fighting for us and encouraging America to stay strong.
Whatever happens it's not your fault. Mitch McConnell runs the Senate like a dictator. No dignity, honesty or compassion.

Working on it from my end. I'm not blocked... yet.
I meant muted...damnit twitter, give us an edit button!
Go Kamala!
U are awsome..
#kamala2020
Still fighting. Thank you.
Not frustrated, disgusted. Not discouraged, just wondering why @tedlieu is the only person speaking accurately about these people.
My Senator McConnell's office isn't taking calls. "This voicemail is full". Washington and Kentucky. So disgusted.

Agreed!  What amendments are you going to propose?  We need the Dems input and ideas included in the discussion.
2018 around the bend must stop repukes from doing anymore real damage 
YOU! have to step and lead as the rest of the left United we stand
Why don't they care that this path will kill so many of us? #SinglePayerNow #SaveACA #SaveMedicaid #TheRichAreRichEnough
You're my senator, ma'am, and I'm behind you all the way, but it's been a pretty damn depressing couple of days.
It's so disheartening would have to take human compassion and Georgia with Purdue and Isaacson they don't care neither does Nathan deal
Perdue and Isakson only love money and power.
When I found out about the bad news, I really started to cry a little. I am apart of that 1/5. Republicans what are you thinking?
It is time for we Democrats to lead.  Not a time to get into bipartisan pissing matches with GOP.
@SenKamalaHarris we do need change, drastically; but don't agree single payer only answer? Too much gov, oversight administrative red tape 
