I wholeheartedly agree with you, but please don't forget all the other magnificent US lands that Trump is attempting to destroy.
This Land is Your Land>>America’s public lands are under threat by Trump Admin>>
Help us fight the government sell-off
Here's an example of guidance on what to do to help: http://ecouprising.blogspot.com/2017/07/call-to-action-save-nevadas-national.html … DO SOMETHING before it's too late!
Thank you for this contribution. It's wonderful 2 see #TheResistance involved and backing this action needed 4 all US Parks & Sanctuaries
Harris 2020 sounds better and better
I will support her, if she will begin speaking out for all of the US and not only California, like the other Senators do. She needs to start
Her job is to represent CA, and their economy / population is hugely important in and of itself. I think she does well speaking for all
I like Kamala, a lot, but IMO if she is serious about a Pres run in 2020, then she needs to expand her view. She can support CA & US in one.
They all should. They all need to speak up and put Americans ahead of party & corporations. Regs are there as safeguards from former abuses.
Yes, I agree. I know they are home 4 vacation, but Sen. also rep the US and Dems are not being ascertive (agressive) enough. There is a lot
that Trump & R's are putting thru that is harmful to all of us in last 6 mo. Kamala is a strong voice, like @RepAdamSchiff & @SenFranken
We all need them more now than ever B4. Our lives & futures are depending on strong, nationwide leadership RIGHT NOW.
Only in front of Mar-A-Lago
I get the sentiment, but I'd rather have Mar-A-Lago removed from Trump, turned into a nursing home for the poor, and save the ocean. 
When a nursing home costs $5,000 to $7,000 a month..elderly become poor ..
Do the math...
When I said, "for the poor" I had in mind a non-profit wherein the poor that went there would not be charged anything. Opposite Trump.
That means the Democrats have to fulfil their reason for existing: Return America to a Democracy. Trump is proof America is a Republic.
Actually the USA never was a "democracy" -- it's always been a republic.
I know. It became a Republic 8 years after Federation (Democracy). That's why @TheDemocrats were formed; to return America to a Democracy.
Under no circumstances will we allow DT's admin. to treat our  as if there was a replacement available! The well-being of our is at stake!
Please correct: You @SenKamalaHariss don't want ofshore drilling...
it's not up for discussion...any of it...time passes, you have to stand on the rudder of the small sunfish sailboat, to flip it back upright
Trump has no power to stop any policy; he's just one vote against all the rest; he's just a face; the next face will be exactly the same.
Guide people, please! Ask them to submit comments to NOAA, write MOC. Tweeting's not enough! Easy to do. Go here: http://ecouprising.blogspot.com/2017/07/call-to-action-public-comments-for-our.html …
Senator, not one like for this tweet w/info, when all that matters is ACTION. Tell people to contact NOAA & their MOC! Push this out there!
Take your sanctuary state off welfare/government funds. Governor Moonbeam is your downfall... watch as we cleanup you fools......
1). They don't like anything with the name sanctuary attached to it. Unless they could sell memberships for $200,000 a pop! Whites only!
Please look into #RobertMercer and his White House ties! We need your help!
2) R's feel God-like in their kleptocratic feeding frenzy! & so:
"As flies to wanton boys are we to th' gods.They kill us for their sport."
The worst disaster to hit California, Kamala Harris! OMG!
Lord, help us to endure her wrath!
retweeting
Speaking of sanctuaries. We also don't want our cities turned into sanctuary cities
Completely agree....unless these marine habitats are right off the coast between LA and Malibu....I would love to bring down the Hollywood liberals beachfront home prices
Bowling Ball Beach Mendocino County.....

Point Arena Light...
Fabulous very nice Ultra Sterling
We also don't want Gov Jerry Brown allowing fracking & Big Oil subsidies, cap & trade, keep putting his Ex Big Oil Executive friends on CPUC
It's find with me
This sums it up so well.
The farthest thing from my mind right now. Would think you would be giving attention to other more pressing issues.
Isn't that New Zealand?
Um...no?
 https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moeraki_Boulders …
Bowling Ball Beach (Mendocino County, California)
Put Windmills before Oil!
Trump hired evil #hunters to run @USFWS @BLMNational etc they want to slaughter our #wildHORSES hunt our #wildlife destroy our #environment
As a marine biologist, I cannot emphasize how important this is.
*emphasize enough
Why not?
Stay out of our water and air. And could we get the #asshat Pruitt out so he doesn't sell both the coal/oil industry. Fuck that guy.
These are National Treasures that have value Beyond money and must not be disturbed. Any offshore drilling is a threat to the wildlife
What a nice group of people who don't use petroleum products. Lol
It is only for his and his friends profit.
I TOTALLY AGREE. Thank you for all your hard work!!
Trump will do it too!  Long as Trump can make a buck on it it's fair game!
Agreed. Harris will you be a voice for the people or for the Hamptons?
You could have stopped with just "We don't want the Trump administration"
Watch out for those DAM executive orders....I can't wait until I never have to see his ugly face again.......
Senator, we are RT-ing constantly but they keep coming at us with more and more...who is going to put a stop to this insanity? We're numb.
"We don't want the Trump Administration." Full stop. End of sentence. Move along. Story is OVER. Drinks are in the lobby.
Drill baby drill!!
Our resources should be preserved for future generations
plus we don't need to...plenty of oil in existing fields in the Permian Basin.
But US oil companies already drilled and spilled on so many poor countries so our fat asses can drive big trucks. #exceptionalism
@marcorubio @EPAScottPruitt @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr pay attention.  #nodrilling
Trump&BigOil,
thumbingTheirNosesAtAmrca,
atATimeOfOversupply,
wantMore OffshoreDrilling
&Pipelines
4OilNo1Needs.
http://woodstockearth.blogspot.com/2015/10/thumbingtheir-noses-at-society.html …
OffshoreDrilling
EvenB4AMajorSpill,
expectGlobulesOfBlackOil
onOurBeaches.
OilIsToxic
perEPA,NIH,CDC&WHO,
wNoDoubt.
http://woodstockearth.blogspot.com/2012/04/clean-up-or-cover-up-how-bp-fixed.html …
if i were around in a 100yrs I would get little consolation from being able to say "I told you so", just wish a different course is taken
URA Donkey in every way of all possibilities in the entire world!U/would ratherHavTerrorSponsors ControlREnergyNot!!
Can't we just get it from Russia at a good price? I mean if trump could get one thing done for all his sucking up to putin it'd be oil.
I agree . But also, what are you doing to shut down the @realDonaldTrump administration? He is mentally unfit to be POTUS.
What happened to you? You did some polling and this is the way the wind is blowing these days? Lol. Don't bother to run. 
Impeach Him
You could have stopped at "We don't want the Trump Administration" Love you Kamala Harris. Your awesomeness shines always!
Wilmington, NC won't stand for it.  Not off our coast.
You could drop most of the words. “We don’t want Trump”
He's all about the oil for his butt buddy Putie
@realDonaldTrump must be impeached and removed NOW to stop the destruction for the benefit of his cronies. #LockHimUp NOW
No F%$g way!
.we don't want the Trump administration, period.
If the republican congress because the Koch Bros want them to didn't block renewable energy we wouldn't need to drill in our beautiful spots
Dont agree at all!! We need to b dependant on us & not middle east
We don't want the trump administration doing anything  but LEAVING
Charlottesville riot & u tweet about marine life.Having 2nd & 3rd looks about you
Kamala - get on the same page w/every1 if u really want 2 run 4 prez
#NoOnDrillingAnyplace
Why doesn't somebody drill Trump???
What button to disagree ? Oh wait you can't take different opinions you self-righteous zealots.
You could've probably stopped at Administration.
We must protect or oceans and our lands for all life. #SaveOurPlanet
Thank you for keeping issues requiring our collective attention on our minds. Florida may cease to exist. Oceans don't discriminate! 100"day
Yes, I agree!!!
Thank you Senator. You continue to earn my support and more importantly my vote.
WE want you to do something about this abomination of a pres!
We didn't want ObamaCare either, but you don't always get what you want. Huh?
Yes we did. That's why every attempt to repeal it fails.
I'm talking about the working middle class who can't afford it anymore do to high premiums, not those getting it for free. Where you fit in?
I'm working middle class and pay my premiums. And you can see by the response to repeal how many people prefer that to even higher ones.
People not repealing it are exempt from it..they are not repealing it because trump w/them too..all voted to repeal under Obama.
I'm sorry, 140 character limit may have made this tweet incomprehensible.
This is yet ANOTHER COMPLETE OUTRAGE! Mother Nature is not going to show US ANY mercy.
No, no. Sailing from SF to Venture, we sailed by the rigs near Santa Barbara. The smell, the pollution, the noise, the destroyer of nature.
The man is a is a Menace I live in fear of him destroying the planet either ecologically or by more destructive means!
Suerte!!!
Thank god trump isn't listening to you wacky fools
Drill Baby Drill!!
When are you going to update me on your cohort's threats to murder me Kamala @SenKamalaHarris?  cc: @jeffsessions @TheJusticeDept @FBI
Open it up and drill.
fact
Fortunately IT'S NOT up to you: ur party lost, soon will be outlaw for corruption& treason! Americans have spoken& voted u out!
Get him out of office!!! Get the impeachment process going. Charlottesville was the last straw! Time to take action and Impeach!
https://www.google.com/amp/s/seeker401.wordpress.com/2017/05/17/2012-largest-known-rare-earth-deposit-discovered-in-north-korea/amp/ …
For f**ks sake is he really even contemplating this? He is a true moron
#bowlingballbeach
This country natural beauty should never cease to be. No drilling in protected places.
No ma'am we don't want this!!! It feels like every fiber of our quilt that is our country is under attack. It's so much to keep up on. TY
And I don't want another @BarackObama, this one in a skirt but just as smooth, playing this country 4 a bunch of fools. But that's just me.
We also need to ban fracking, cease pipeline construction and make a major shift to #RenewableEnergy
I agree.
I would agree with that premise...IF you can supply your Populations energy needs. What about wind mills?
This current gaggle of miscreants seem to relish in destroying things
You could've just stopped the sentence after the word administration.. but yeah, also what you said
HECK NO.
Agree
Yes we do
Trump is old school. Most cars are electric and self driving. That's why Detroit is bankrupt. Yet we kill for oil. It's ridiculous.
Only concern should be the removal of trump. Everything else after.
But we DO want to turn our vibrant cities into sanctuary slums and ghettoes
You want him to wait, so you can do it.  You have already been found out Kamala Bear.
You mean call, write, or tweet your representative if we agree. @Michael36776349
I love you Kamala and agree with most of your platform, but plz stop ending your tweets w/ "retweet if you agree".  It's redundant #IMO
We have an oil glut, this makes no sense
Nor do we want Trump's fraternal twin (Kim Jong) to turn the west coast into Chechnya.  Please pull a XXVth on Trump.
But he WILL sign his umpteenth EO to do just that. I mean, there's so much planet left to destroy. He's gotta get to it!
Kamala, we agree with everything you say..Support for you is growing every day
We don't want the Trump Administration. FTFY
They will be meet with opposition in the Open Sea
From the American PEOPLE
If TRUMP tries to Destroy our Marine Sanctuary's 
Won't end well
Going on record w/we dn want him to do anything w/anything re anything other than slink back n2 whatever hole brought him n2 this dimension.
You had me at: 'we don't want the drumpf administration'
Scott Pruitt's EPA changes will do more harm to America than North Korea and Venezuela combined.
This is a problem but nuclear war is a bigger one. Stop those fat man-babies from killing us!!!!
HELL  NO!!!!
It's not oil. It's chocolate sauce ..... 
We love you Kamala even if Bernie and his bots don't. PS Nina Turner can go to hell also. No purity tests.
We're at it again. Three years ago, we sent a mandate against offshore drilling and BOEM knows it. https://www.wwaytv3.com/2017/08/07/dozens-weigh-in-on-offshore-drilling/ …
No. We actually do.
You had me at "We don’t want the Trump Administration".
We have plans for a windfarm off our coast. It it goes wrong there will be a splash and that's it no pollution
God forbid we do anything the relieve ourselves of the middle eastern oil that is funding the ISIS campaign against us.
we wantOUR @POTUS 2lift the moratorium for off-shore drilling that lazy turn America into a 3rd world country obama imposed-go Mr. President
@frenfer123 love liberals they say things like this but give no reason why? So tell us "next great pres" why oppose it
@frenfer123 why?Cause your a liberal? It will bring job we'll have more oil to bring down cost  last oil spill we recovered
Trump is like a party crasher. Comes in unwanted as a bf of a bf. U let him in, then hope he doesn't touch anything & watch him like a hawk!
Her shouldn't touch the eco system. The military, the $$,  govt offices, laws.he'll ruin all he touches like a spoiled kid breaking toys
p.s. la Russie est le "diable" pour USA. Si Vous voulez, je peux supprimer mon commentaire, si il peut ruiner Votre réputation.
Oh, my God! "La Russie avec Vous" -j'ai écrit ces mots comme un signe de mon soutien pour la protection de l’océan. J'ai oublié: maintenant-
Keep our California coast beautiful.
10,300 retweeters know and care about marine sanctuaries or are just anti-Trump.
DRILL BABY DRILL

#MAGA #FreeKekistan #kek #numbers #WhatToDoWhenItsRaining #Frogs #Ingress #Enlightenment #Religion #PraiseKek #NotAllPepes
I DO want the Turmp administration to open up some of our marine sanctuaries for offshore drillling. Maybe not Channel Islands. Others, yes.
http://poribaat.com/why-did-shahbaz-sharif-not-pm-open-the-secrets/ …
Why does he want to destroy literally everything?
Put a period after the word administration. That’s all that needs to be said. :-)
Who said he wants to do this? Don't be fooled by the tweets. Education is everything wake up.
Don't worry, he'll kill us all with nuclear holocaust way before his reckless deregulations do.
It will not take one year to fix the damage we must resist
@SenKamalaHarris but your ok with the border being open......
I disagree with kamala harris 99% percent of the time but here she is 100% right
@dailyexception We also want to protect lands in Utah and other states to preserve some resources for  our children.
I concur! Can't lose precious heritage
Impeach him he is crazy.
#MAGA 
Go Trump !
unfortunately we are governed by sociopathic, greedy, power hungry people ..... 
I don't want tRump putting his hands on anything. Everything he touches turns to 
Agree!
I agree! No drilling anywhere! And no more nasty tar sand oil pipelines! No Keystone XL pipeline! Shut down line 5 in MI under Great Lakes!
We don't want the Trump Administration.
We literally don't want the Trump Administration to do ANYTHING !  And, this is one of them.
Agree,  Sadly our rep @DevinNunes does NOT agree.  That's one reason why he must go in #CA22  

http://devinnunes.blogspot.com/2017/04/president-trump-today-signed-executive.html …
Shut up.
This administration will b know as  lovers of filth & pollution. Of course they won't live in the filth they create, the 'commoners' will.
He needs to drilling his head!
And why Eric Holder is on retainer
We Don'T Want #TRUMP 2DO ANYTHING-PLS IMPEACH!- Stress levels= thru>ROOF & WE can't trust him! (here's an Idea:) RUN4 POTUS (#CAPE FITS:)
He's reeking havoc in US
We don't want Kamala Harris anywhere near public office. Retweet if you agree!
Can't say it enough: Harris 2020!
I want you voted out of office ASAP IF YOU AGREE RETWEET
Not gonna happen
@Alancumming Estoy de acuerdo con ustedes y sabes alan amor que siempre cuentas conmigo
This administration's unbridled attack on the planet and its wildlife is truly horrific.
Retweeting won't help. Remove him from office. Oh wait...that appears to be impossible because no one has the guts to impeach him. But why?
What a beautiful picture....
They're already polluting with all the human waste being pumped out to sea. Try swimming at the beach lately. #hypocrisy
That's my Senator!  
Mine too, & our future potus
We don't.
#yerignorNce
For sure. Our waters are bad enough as it is.
He's going to destroy our  and monuments if congress lets him blast it dig it destroy ! There is nothing to like about him !
#TheResistance
we didn't want Obama to either, maybe if he hadn't people might have voted dem instead of choosing a cheeto

Huntington Beach (Surf City), California, during the oil rush of 1928.
l'argent, des affaires, la folie... j'espère que Vous protégerez l'océan. La Russie avec Vous!)
Also, we do not want the National Parks to be sold for mineral & oil rights
We don't even need it. There is an oil glut.  Not that TeamTrump is smart enough to know this. #SAD
Yep
