Senate reportedly won't release Obamacare repeal draft before a CBO review: "We aren't stupid" http://bit.ly/2rToz6U  
I assume you will do everything in your power to see that nothing else happens in the Senate until the bill is public and a hearing is had?
I don't need to see it to know it will hurt tens of millions. Call your Senator and demand the bill be withdrawn.
Is this the GOP Cockroach Health Plan? Do the dirty work so long as no one turns the kitchen lights on?
https://krugman.blogs.nytimes.com/2017/06/16/the-silence-of-the-hacks/ … @SenBobCasey @SenAngusKing @GOPSenFinance @SenateMajLdr @SenatorDurbin @SenSchumer @ACLU @SenateDems @maggieNYT
It couldn't stand the scrutiny of a referendum...
Kamala would probably cut me off in the middle of leaving a msg
Madam for your info, the Republican like you  have no concept
Yes!
You are my Senator. Thank you for all of your hard work and dedication in ensuring that our voices are heard and our rights are protected.
@senorrinhatch & @SenJohnThune said they don't know whats in d HCbill @SenateMajLdr "It's easier 2 pass in SECRET W/O Ppl-Dems-media input"
Tried to call Graham but his inboxes were full before noon
That's u Kamala, and I'm sure u r working in my interest to keep The ACA.
We the people, who ultimately pay the bills, are entitled to the exact same health coverage Mitch McConnell gets!
Senator, please read this thread:
Got a Democratic Senator? Here’s how they can ACTUALLY PLAY HARDBALL on TrumpCare. Yes, they have tools to use. Yes, they can win. 1/
Need to pass it before we can see what's in it...Deja vu
If the American people have to call somebody in order for this Bill to be 'made public' wtf are elected representatives in the USA doing?
Wtf indeed
Be prepared to WITHHOLD CONSENT & FILIBUSTER WITH AMENDMENTS UNTIL 2018! Do your part & @IndivisibleTeam #Resistance will do ours!
Are we really at a point where we have to beg the GOP to see bills that they used taxpayer money to write? Or did Russian hackers write it?
The Dems shoved ACA through with parliamentary tricks and secrecy. Only fitting that a repeal bill is treated similarly.
What are you doing to slow down senate business?
Lucky for me. You are my senator. 
Thank you for the nice email your office sent me Senator 
Will do Senator
@brianschatz @maziehirono Please help get the GOP to make their plan public. Also please do everything possible to defeat it, amendments,etc
GRACE... teeth in calls is passe; times of purloin in represen’tiv polity irony politics is in need of  averse bite...
Grace... calls passe, purloin reps bit by teeth of Ind Party of Ca. then off track Dem/Rep/Ind Red/Blu St netw hits bleed
Well we aren't stupid either and have no interest in filling the pockets of the rich with our lives!
Your are my senator. I can call if you want but sounds like you are already doing three right thing. So thank you.
There is value in calling legislators when they do the right thing, thanking them for it, and telling them to keep doing so.
I usually send faxes via resistbot. @SenKamalaHarris has earned my vote and thanks several times over In these last few months.
I did and both of my Dem Senators told me there was nothing they could do
I hope they will be voting against it (which is something they can do).
They will be but that's all
YEP. MAKE THOSE MEN CRAZY WITH CALLS .THEY WORK FOR YOU, NOT JUST WEALTHY 2% WITH TAX BREAKS.
You are my senator. Who else can I call, write to, fax or email?
.Shouldn't you be calling Nancy Pelosi about that?
NO DOUDT
Unfortunately, Ms. Harris, they are.
You are an amazing woman.
Proud that you're my senator. I need 2 change @SenateMajLdr & cronies. Who keep taxing but r doing nothing 2 represent the majority of USA
You are my senator, along with Feinstein.  Barbara Lee is my rep.  So who can I call in order to make some kind of difference?
I call every Am
You just wanna hear my voice, don'cha?
Then you and your fellow Senators shut down the Senate.
I call every other day. Millions of us are calling. They're ignoring us. How many more B4 they pay attention to our demands? Or, how much $$
How amazing, the king of braggadocio has YUGE health plan & wants to keep it SECRET instead of rubbing on everyone's face! #alternativefacts
@szwest1 @TPM yes they are
You are my senator
30% OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE ARE..AND I USED TO BE FAMILY, AND FRIENDS WITH THEM
How is this legal? I'm a citizen and a voter. My representative cannot represent me if she cannot see the draft of the law.
@tedcruz make the Healthcare plan public. We have a right to see what you want passed. Don't take that opportunity from us.
@SenGillibrand takes voicemail. Why can't @SenSchumer ?
Unfortunately my senator @PatToomey is on team writing the damn bill. @SenBobCasey is trying his best.
Ms. Harris:  thank you for making me proud to be African American.  You persisted.
Congress gets better coverage than Trumpcare
Turtle man is hiding it because he's proud of it! Smh
GOP ignorance pressures, belittles ppl much and creates millions making them poorer vulnerable as making them having nothing to loose. @CNN
.Thank you for your leadership and willingness to take on the GOP.
I'm so proud that I never need to call you to do the right thing. #thankyou #kamala
You are a shameless grandstander. No respect. Wear a power suit and think you know everything. Stay in California.
got to pass it to see whats in it
If u have to hide it, it's probably not good!
This is why I voted for you.
Didn't they do just that the 1st time around? My recollection says 'yes'.
How "kind" of them.
You are wonderful. You must laugh to yourself about those pathetic good ole boy clowns.
Did they forget who pays their salary, who they work for? Time to leave!
If the health plan is good for Americans, why keep it a secret? Why not cheer about it and celebrate?
You go girl! I'm gonna KEEP saying it!
Really, not stupid? Where is the evidence.  My black Lab can fart more wisdom.  What nonsense.
They're not stupid, just plain evil.
Please move to Ohio and be my senator
I'm watching trump destroy everything that is good in this country and he hasn't been impeached
Call your Senators! Call your Senators! Call your Senators! Call your Senators! ASAP

Who said "we aren't stupid"? I hope it wasn't Mitch or Ryan or the other hundred or so 'cause that would be lying.
I'm Mississippi, I called mine.
they show show it just like the Dems did with ACA....oh wait.
The American people elected Trump, they are pretty stupid.

Have u met the American people?
Your Republican colleagues appear to be emboldened by our "president". He does what he wants, everyone else be damned. Sickening.
No, we're not. How big a campaign donation did Swanee Hunt toss your way to endanger thousands of women? #backpage #sexwork
They are stupid enough to put forth a bill that will jeopardize their seats just to tow the party line tho.
Yeah, they don't care. They're on a spree.
With all due respect- I beg to differ. Look who's president.
Apparently they have been lulled by the current admin in forgetting how democracy operates.
Thank you for the phone nbr
I just left a long voicemail message for Rubio.
I admire you and your work. Keep up the good fight! You're making a difference. Also, you're setting a good example for girls like mine.
What a bunch of snakes!
Your stupidity is debatable @SenateMajLdr but your heartlessness, greed & contempt for the American people are very plainly seen
@KamalaHarris @NancyPelosi @SenSchumer @SenWarren @SenFeinstein 
Please see this and act on it. Take the offensive.
@SenDuckworth
I have faith in @SenBobCasey and @RepBrendanBoyle
I'm very lucky because YOU are my Senator. I have called you to tell you I'm opposed to the bill, but today, here, I'll just say thank you!
When members of Congress vote yes on a health care plan without reading it, they won't read this one either.
I would, but YOU are my Senator. So… what now?
If it was a good plan they wouldn't need to hide it
These bastards are like the worst villains ever. It's as if they spent their whole lives thinking up ways to make the most people miserable.
You're my senator: make it so! ... And thanks for all you do. You were magnificent yesterday!
Done.
Thankfully, I will not have to do so. Over the past few months both @MartinHeinrich and @SenatorTomUdall have earned their salt speaking up.
I have Coryn and the Zodiac Killer, so it's an uphill battle
I swear, is Sen Harris the only Dem working? Love her
You're my Senator, please make Trump care bill public.
My senators mailbox is full!
Thank you, Senator Harris, for a laser focus and resistance to the gaslighting being attempted against you in the Senate. You make me proud.
Please call your Senator & demand ACHA transparency!  Call their local office & ask them to forward message, fax 50409, send email! #persist
On a day when Republicans were shot at by a crazed liberal, you are playing politics?  Shame on you Senator.
How about let's pass the bill so we can find out what's in it?  Remember @NancyPelosi
AMERICAN CAN MAKE MILLIONS OF CALLS,THESE GOP POLITICIANS WANT THE BILLIONS THEY WILL GET FROM REPEALING OBAMA CARE,DAMN THE AMERICAN PEOPLE
Keep fighting! You are a shining light for our future Congresswomen!
Umm yes they are stupid. Most didn't vote - stupid. 48% that did vote, voted for the worst candidate - unbelievably stupid.
Since when is sharing it out publicly stupid? Unless the health care plan is stupid, and they just don't want more criticism
I think they fear more ballpark incidents if ppl read it. Don't condone violence nor will I partake. Just pointing out cause and effect
Called your Fresno office today and spoke to a lovely young man. Filibuster, obstruct, ANYTHING to get a hearing/CBO on this bill & NO VOTE
Again another GOP liar cus I believe with all my heart you are stupid sir!
Thank you Kamala.  I am calling!
Thank goodness my guys @SenBlumenthal and @ChrisMurphyCT are already on it!!!
You are my senator and I'm behind you 100%. Let's smash this thing.
This SHOULD BE a crime. Of the people for the people has been squashed. You our a beacon of light to us. Thank you for all you do!
Grateful that YOU are my senator!!!
I live in California and I am proud to be represented by Senator Kamala Harris. What can I do to help?
Senator, I can't say how proud I am to have you representing our State and Our Country!
I did that!
Democrat Nancy Pelosi said we need to pass it in order to find out what's in it, referring to Obamacare.  Dems now complaining?  Hypocrites!
Did u call for #Obamacare plan to be made public oh that's right u had to pass the bill to see what was in it 
This woman doesn't mess around, she is fierce! Keep up the good work! Harris 2020!
"We aren't stupid" OH yes you are! And EVIL.
How many Senators and Congress will be covered by this bill?  None, thought so.
Let's go with SB562 in Cali to set an example for the rest of the country. Again, thanks for the Sessions' session. Ya busted him!
I did!
Sadly some US Voters are stupid. DEF of STUPID=voting for an orangutan as POTUS.
Like the Dems did on ACA?
Thanks! #sisters
After this morning? That bill will pass without a glance at the text.
Tried, tested and futile.  You know @SenToomey he's a bad guy
I will call you to thank you again! #harrisismysenator #fortunate
@mrfphd @TPM At leased not Dems!
I think YOU're my senator. 
(You're doing an awesome job, btw. Proud to have you represent California.)
This is stated to be the government of and for the people. The word people is not to be replaced with sheeple!
done  
If it was great policy it wouldn't be a secret.
They must think we are already Russia! They have no concept of why America is special hint it's not because of high buildings!
Luckily you are my Senator. Keep on keeping on.
Well some of them are stupid. They voted for ....
Since you are one of my senators, I urge you and  other democratic senators to refuse to conduct senate business until the bill is shared.
Remember - "you have to pass it, to find out what's in it"
Government needs to stay out of health care.
They are not listening to there constituents.  They are an empire.
Based on who they put in the White House, I kinda think they are stupid.
Agree with GOP. A small but statistically significant portion are not stupid. Higher percentage can also claim: craven, amoral, cowardly...
Ill save my minutes, @OrrinHatch and @SenMikeLee could give 2 shits what the citizens of Utah want...
"We aren't stupid." No, they're devious.
I called my senators since I live in CO. Bennet's was a live person Gardner's was a left message. I still consider you to be my senator!
you mean like the dems did before obamacare was forced upon everyone ?
Good for you Ms. Harris for standing up for the rights of Americans they deserve  better than Republican deceitful ness.
Well said
No they aren't stupid, they're "bought and paid for."
On this, you're wrong. At least 40% of the American people (those who still support Trump), are in fact, incredibly stupid.
You are my senator
America should call for your dismissal after your verbal assault yesterday. Repeating already answered question to try and trap! URDisgrace!
The Bologna family would like some answers.
GOP...public enemy #1
I'm in TN. @SenBobCorker office said he wouldn't vote unless made public hope he sticks to that. Not sure of @SenAlexander took my info tho
Plz run for President 2020!
Like you dems did with ACA.Pelosi: 'we'll read it after it is passed.' Heard your ambition for power is phenomenal, ma'am.No matter 'United'
Wow! UR really becoming popular.  Just wondering why you never prosecuted Mnuchin for bank fraud when u had the chance? Now he's treas secry
@senrobportman 's office, I could only leave a message.  Called twice yesterday during reg. hours
Wtf?
The Democrats plan aka Obamacare was NEVER made public until AFTER it was rammed through AGAINST THE WILL of the American people!
Nah ms Harris we had to pass a bill to see what was I. It. Suck it up. You're the minority SIT DOWN  and shut up.
WE ALL HAVE A RIGHT TO KNOW WHAT'S IN IT
Remember @NancyPelosi said  "We have to pass it to see what's in it." Merriam-Webster will be changing Dem's definition to see: hypocrisy
I called my sorry ass collaborator @SenBobCorker. But he's useless, so all y'all need to get after it.
This guy is the lowest of scum and he is making decisions on out healthcare?! #HorrorShow = #MitchOconnal
I agree. Obamacare wasnt made public until it passed and look how that turned out.
Trump and the Republicans are not running a transparent administration. Checks,balances,ethics have been abandoned. #corruption #TrumpLies
This health care bill is nothing but sick revenge heaped upon the American people.
