Because self un-insuring due to ever expanding premium hike is more preferable to your party than repealing something that doesn't work.
If we must make healthcare a partisan goal it's the Dems that more so support well being whilst GOP double downs on tax cuts 4 the richest!
The Good thing about failing to repel Obamacare is that 1000's of American will continue 2 self uninsure monthly as premiums keep rising.
Yeah let's go with Paul Ryan's plan of causing them all to "self uninsured" faster by exploding premiums and yanking the safety net.
There should be no replace plan to save the failures that were designed in Obamacare, repeal the whole damn thing & get a real health plan.
So you're saying they shouldn't repeal and replace it. Instead they should repeal and ...replace it.
I want the American People to see how the government runs a health care system based on the VA System & how much they would like it?
Still not saying what you think solution is. Just ranting about how all other solutions are  wrong.
I'm scared!
A CEO of a public company who said "let if fail" this afternoon likely would be removed by the board of directors this evening. Way to lose
Well then there's the budget that's aiming at mixing Medicaid,Medicare and social security
 #KamalaHarris
We rank 11th in healthcare and patient outcomes. Insurance companies must go. United healthcare reported record profits. Universal is best!
I just want to know, where are the millions being HURT by O'care, that @SenateMajLdr @JohnCornyn @TedCruz @SpeakerRyan and others speak of?
Excellent point!  Thanks -putting in my tool box!!  Spot on
Hey you, JS, I have anudder one. This hit me like a flash today. Please help spread it out there. Thanks and hugs!
I keep wanting to celebrate and break out the champagne, but it feels "too early" to do that yet. I won't until the GOP is out of power.
Do you know how many people are uninsured now? It is 28.2 mil had to believe you when you say another 30 mil will be uninsured. False data.
Thank you.  Such a challenge for us ordinary folks to fight off outrage fatigue.
Thank you for being among the only honest ones. I am 100% behind you.
Like the 30 million who had their plans cancelled only to reinsure at higher rates and deductables, or else. #RepealACA
BUT how can we stop DT from signing a bill to stop subsidies and kill ACA by himself?
If Obamacare was named something else racists wouldn't complain and want it gone but it's not so they do

#Persist
Kamala for President 2020.
President Trump for 2020. We don't need another Muslim in the White House. You see all the garbage Trump is having to clean up now don't u?
Thank you for fighting for us! What can be done to keep GOP from making ACA fail? You know they will try!
45 has threatened ins. cos. w/ non-payment of subsidies, which is why they are pulling out of some states.
You can get healthcare without insurance reform healthcare
Yes
Keep up the great work Senator Harris!

We see you!
Let's not get complacent! The Repugs will be quick to plunge a knife in our backs and twist it! This is when they do their dirtiest work!

Once we secure obama care we can move on to talking about single payer
Until a "Better Plan" is produced. The #ACA must stay. Seems strange that Citizens would risk their families life for a man who BS's Daily ?
Can you make him pay the onsirance subsides please?
We need you as president!
What is YOUR president doing about it.

Zip
Didn't you mean (to repeal) that damn autocorrect
We won't stop fighting Ms. Harris thank you for all you do
I hate people
Yes we do... we will support you and defeat the repeal of the ACA.. thanks for everything your doing for all of us.
The GOP will use every dirty trick in the book to get the votes. CALL YOUR SENATORS AND DEMAND THAT THEY VOTE NO!! https://goo.gl/22Aywb 
because we are certainly gonna hate it if it gets changed to Trumpcare.....be smart Democrats and @AC360 @CNNPolitics you all stop it also
GOP hate it because many in the media and politicians call it ObamaCare. Call it by its official name; it will get bipartisan support.
Here's an idea Fix the problems with the ACA instead of repeating how bad it is. The senate and the congress have good healthcare plans hmmm
Thank you for your leadership Senator! #Kamala2020
Yes thank you
I'm mostly concerned they will defund Obamacare. If they do California should withhold sending the Federal taxes to the federal government
STOP THEM.  IMPEACH INCARCERATE ALL NOW.  EXPAND ALL BENEFITS IMMEDIATELY FOR EVERYONE NEEDY VETS.
Keep it up, Kamala! Ignorance can be fought only with towers of strength like you
Republicans are obsessed with insuring Americans suffer and die.
Need to add # of job losses to your tweets. & all ppl will lose ins or $ for premiums/deductibles/meds. Will lose housing. Implosion.
All ppl meaning those losing jobs & therefore their coverage.
How does this keep getting worse?! Rdg comments by MAGA & many still want it gone. Please help fix ACA & make America healthy again.
Please keep fighting to stop them!!
Big question million&milions going2wall & other projects yet our best weapon laser cost one penny 2 take out threat that $couldBinhealthcare
Are you going to exempt yourselves from the #ACA? If it's good enough for #constituents, it's good enough for @SenateDems & @SenateGOP.
Repeal will force dem to table to finally work with rep and get good healthcare. Repeal is the only answer
Lady, I think the Reps are playing with you and your friends. Either that or they are very incompetent.
you're the #nextPotus
30 mil now? Really?
It's D.O.A.  Thank God
Senator dems must seize the high ground. Publish our plan to fix ACA and let the voters drive the reputicans to negotiate in good faith.
Harris 2020 !!! #Harris2020 @SenKamalaHarris
Democrats still own ACA
A Key to DT's following.  At least 8 pastors are preaching & upholding DT.  /1 Jamal Harrison Bryant (Baltimore MD).  You Tube video.  
Bang the drums loudly to encourage repeal-and-replace fanatics to spend a little energy on improving #ACA instead of USELESS floundering.
I'll just leave this here. There is too much truth to ignore..There is a malignancy in America..
http://landwheremyfatherdied.blogspot.com/2017/07/there-is-malignancy-that-needs-to-be.html …
How do we make them continue to support ACA payments and mandates so it doesn't fail
Make a bill that Governors must expand Obamacare or come up with a better coverage plan. Period.
I thought that was the # it was supposed to insure in the first place What Happen???? You just can't fix Stupid
Political struggles to provide health care mean our nation has entered a dangerous era

Pray we never have political campaigns for bread
Push to add Public Option
Thank You for All You have done! It's appreciated!
Dems still need to work at developing a national strategy that is cohesive, realistic and unseat Rep.  Where is it?
Btw, watch this document, then talk about socialism:
Clearly you're a communist and think socialism is the best system ever. Notice how well it's done in history.Do you WANT Russia to invade
..even if Trump is a petulant/evil toddler. Don't risk American lives to solicit donations. Protect us. Grow up. Do your job. @NancyPelosi
GOP Hoodwink--they were never going to replace--that is why they have no plan-go back to loss of pre-existing illness coverge/hi premiums
Stupidity. Just motivated House to make a 2nd attempt. Look where we are now. Our elected officials need to act in our best interests...
If true @NancyPelosi or @SenSchumer r dragging out this evilness for fundraising, shame on them. Pelosi gloated when House failed 1st time..
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris for your devotion to the cause!
What kind of President orders GOPs to LET ACA FAIL knowing it will hurt millions just because he didn't get what he wanted? Trump needs to
be educated in Politics, needs to understand the branches of Government, foreign policy & the constitution! He doesn't get involved in
making things better for Americans, he just bullies GOPs when he needs their vote, bullies Dems with threats! He looks at everything Us
against Them & Win or Lose! @POTUS works for us but, calls the MAJORITY of Americans his enemy & is now trying to bully Democrats into
giving in to what he wants! A President should be a leader, not a bully pushing everyone around. His SICK, OBSESSIVE JEALOUSY of Obama is
Achilles Heel. He acts like a spoiled child trying to destroy EVERYTHING Obama did just because he thinks he can! We can't go through the
next 3-1/2 years with this constant hate coming from our leader every day! He's going to cause a Civil War simultaneously starting WWIII!
One POLITICALLY IGNORANT MAN IS POISED TO DESTROY NOT ONLY OUR COUNTRY FOR OTHER COUNTRIES AS WELL! This is no President, no Leader! Where's
WE WILL PREVAIL OVER THE TRAITORS WHO SEEK US HARM
Thank you for fighting for us. This is a fight we must win, for us and our loved ones.
Obamacare is framework not the End all  to health care fix it for America families Fix it bc it's the right thing to do for the COUNTRY 
You mean Medicaid

Now is time for Dems to reach out to moderate Repubs to come up with bill(s) to fix the ACA.  Much better than repeal!
@rd4fun103
Does it also remove the consumer protections put in place by the ACA? It affects anyone with insurance.
Not only 30 million sol with health care but Koch brothers Rupert Murdoch get a lavish tax cut that's a really bad problem time to PeterPan!
I'm still on your team, you bad lady. I fight them every day, and I have great health care. Jesus talks about the least of us. I choose you
Y doesn't everyone start explaining NOW that R r killing ACA by ins co not knowing about finding. This needs to be known to all! Please
Why is this administration so intent on killing the American people?
They have to live in this world when we are gone.
@SenKamalaHarris plse prep the DEM imprvmnts for the ACA in time for the 2018 mid-terms. Let's not get caught like REPs when power shifts
I'd rather not pay a $100+ fine for not buying health insurance. Government needs to get outta my life.
Devil we are not ignorant of your devices.
I can't believe that trump supporters didn't know that Obama care and ACA were the same thing ? Lol
Like preserving icebergs while Titanic sinks. @GOP is doing a lot of damage to govt while this nonsense continues. We need offensive tactics

Thank you. You're a true leader Kamala Harris.
Thanks! Let's keep our eyes on the price. Public Option!
Call and call again 202-224-3121.
30 million? Sen Water's said 700 billion....You're both insane people....
Agreed, Ms.Harris..We have to remain vigilant 3.0 could be far worse especially, if there is no bipartisan input. #Resist #NeverRepeal
Can repeal only actually legally happen under reconciliation?
Where's the Dems plan to fix Obamacare and lower my $1400/mth insurance?  Put up or shut up
I call and email several times a day about this. I also did 2 days of protest signs about ACA. Mostly I do Russia or Mother Nature.
Propaganda
Not to mention we need to convince the GOP it's in their best interest as well as all Americans to fix the ACA! #NoRepeal #SaveACA #FixACA
Don't let them off the hook time to close this now and maintain the entitlement as voted for under Obama
Ask Trump if he is lifting payment of subsidies to ins. Co. To cause Obama care to fail.
Work with the reasonable people if there are any. Don't waste time.or energy grappling with orange insanity. Best way forward: #IgnoreTrump
RESIST. We will continue to fight until Trump is impeached and McConnell and Ryan are gone
Keep fighting! They're not going to stop and neither can we! #Resist
Senator seize the middle, represent the average man & woman. Demand justice, uphold the constitution @SenSchumer @MarkWarner @SenWarren .
Somewhat rhetorical, but why does the @GOP always want to hurt the American people? #notnormal #ImpeachTrump
#KamalaHarris2020
OH...so it's 30-million now.  Those numbers are looser than the Wizard's sleeve.
#RepealObamaCare
Resist GOP
True.  I wish either party wanted any independents, but DDs?  In 2008, u could have purged churn rackets, convened ERA, passed1-pay Medicare


Repeal the ACA!
Exactly! Memes seem funny but we need to focus on FACTS and constructive arguments with people that are on the fence due to misinformation
We're with you!  Save the #ACA because it's the right things for America and her people!  You too @SenatorCollins
Calling @marcorubio every. single. day.

We can win this once and for all.
Only 11 million enrolled so how can you loos an additional 19 million
Now is finally the right time for Dems to come forth with an affirmative proposal to fix ACA that can attract Senate Republican moderates
Everyone in DC except Trump and you know the ACA will not be repealed.
#ImpeachTrumpNow
Don't forget: they also want to cut Medicare and Social Security
This is exhausting!
Let's remember in any discussion of healthcare that, with trickle-down economics and deregulation, the GOP created an unaffordable system.
@MoveOn #RESIST & #WIN
Let's repeal and replace the GOP leadership. Same insurance for Congress and Americans
What is wrong with These Republicans? They are like Nazis at a death camp deciding who goes left and who goes right!
Price cuts funding cut to teen pregnancy. Trump can't win legislatively so he uses his hatchet men again to gut social programs.
#NeverRepeal is now trending—#50—let's get it to #1!
If Democrats want to win, they should be screaming about the COST of our healthcare. Get a handle on that & everyone could be covered.
I don't understand why repeal instead of just perfecting it ? What's wrong with just fixing it to improve it? The ACA is a good THING!
Like they're insured now. People are suffering now you low life.
This is like Whack-a-Pub. When are they gonna STOP! They are defeated, and the floor mopped with them
Yea because it's working so well
The fight is not over! We MUST work 4 healthcare for all!  #GOP needs to lose their healthcare if they push for the repeal! It's only right.
Ads on TV in Clark county NV denigrating their Heller and imploring his opposition to the bill.
Whoever repeals ACA will be replaced #Trumpcare is garbage
Kamala this is like a never ending game off wack-a-Republican. How do you put up with these aholes?
Vote Against the GOP Tax Care for the rich. Save Americans and AMERICA vote OUT GOP 2018,2020
An easy answer to the obvious question. "What's next"
Democrats need 2 say loudly they will work on enhancing Obamacare but GOP needs 2 stop this irresponsible attempt 2 repeal. GOP lying on tv.
How about you get that budget under control in California.
And you keep fighting for our rights and for what is right for everyone-dem or GOP
Letting GOP repeal ACA could make go Trump and TeaParty idiots go away. Difficult choice.
If ISIS really wanted to kill a lot of Westerners, they'd stop the attacks and just work to help elect more Republicans! #AHCA #ACA @POTUS
CBO says 32 million would lose insurance and premiums would go up by 50%
As a CA Republican I voted for you last Nov. I believed you were going to be able to work across the aisle to help CA. Can you do this?
Remember- 3.9 million in your state voted for @realDonaldTrump !
Shut up
#StayFocused
And DOUBLE premiums
You and your fellow @SenateDems need to push hard for single payer. You need unified language and strong ideas. Go on the offensive already.

#wethepeople stay focused 
Vote your #criminal party home or prison or institution they are all nut cases and we need ppl to work 4america

Don't KNOW how I could've missed your tweet (notification) TRUTHFULLY, having walked  To and Fro to Post Office ;Back Now! Sen.Harris
Also  following #LiveKellyandRyan programming now. @ABCSTUDIOS New York,  UPDATEDNESS: Sen. Kamala Harris of Oakland,California
11:43am Yourself just now having voted,left the Senate Assembly Chamber,also talked to Senator's Stabenow ,Feinstein,others on Floor,TRUTH
Have you ever even thought of working  across the aisle? Californians are hurting. Americans are hurting. How are you actually helping???
That is why we HAVE to get our crap together and support Democratic Candidates and Get on ONE message and find a spokesperson NOW Democrats!
Mitch is saying this with a strait face. He could care less about the very people who elected him. He's a fool!
I'm Voting for you in 2020 @SenKamalaHarris 
Go Get Um Kamala !!!
That's right, don't try and fix it. Just let it fail on its own.
DEMS need to put forth a plan to #FIXACA.  Its 1/6 of US Economy & someone has to emerge as a leader. Let it be you ;)
Instead of fighting for THE ppl u fight against american ppl

What about the 300 million forced w/o

You are a bold face liar fake American
Geez... I certainly hope they wouldn't be foolish enough to repeal without any type of replacement...
#whinedfor8yearsandstillgotnothing
Just like with Sopa and net-nuetrality, we must remain vigilant.
NO OBAMACARE, NO TRUMPCARE!!  MEDICARE FOR ALL!  DON'T BECOME ANOTHER ESTABLISHMENT SHILL!  PLEASE!  TALK TO BERNIE!  PLEASE!
Kamala, do not let them change the rules.
The Senate must go to a 51 vote majority instead of current 60 votes. Even parts of full Repeal need 60. 8 Dems control Senate. Crazy!
You will get your way. Hope you will do something
Agreed Senator. Keep the heat on. We need to put a stake into the heart of this horrible bill.
So true.
Do you think there will ever be a bi-partisan bill to revise provisions of #ACA ?
Or "choosing not to purchase health insurance."  One or the other.
repealing without replacing is still a death sentence-no protections or essential benefits-junk insurance returns
Kamala/Yates2020
Yes, the fight is not over we must keep our voices loud on #healthcare #iamapreexisitingcondition & need the protection of #ACA
Please do not let this happen!
Most of them are already uninsured. Stop misleading people.
Thank you for everything you do for us!
And what are you obstructionist going to do ? My premiums are unaffordable we have 1 exchange and we can't use the damn thing too expensive
What's that phone number again?
Thank you for your leadership and resolute focus on making sure Americans can continue to get the healthcare they need. #resist
