Editorial: It's Betsy DeVos' job to protect students from predatory for-profit colleges. She should do it http://lat.ms/2tFD65F  
I'd like to dig up the motivation for her entire position.  Who's making money off of what she pushes or gives slack to.
She's not doing this out of some calling or desire to service.
Trump is a libertarian he wanted someone to destroy the public school system. She believes in religious and home schooling.
Hmm..with these people you always follow the money though.
Well her brother created blackwater. Blackwater was in with Kushner, who installed the server that led to a Russian bank, at trump tower.
Schools. To create more indoctrinated and ignorant religious conservative kids.
You only need to look at what she did to Michighan to see her plan & failures.
http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2017/01/betsy-dick-devos-family-amway-michigan-politics-religion-214631 … She was picked because of her $ 2 GOP
I've not paid much attention to her.  Just knowing Amway and religious zeal in a background is enough to be concerned.
Opposed to subsidized colleges who promote -#Antifa fascism trying to shut down 1st Amendment. Left is pro Common Core - dumbs down students
None of which has anything to do with the point at hand, but you know that. Take your red herring elsewhere.
Sunshine - follow along - Kamala's narrative is myopic(non common core education taught me that) There are many levels which you can't see
One thing you all seem to lose track of is you have no common sense! Betsy Devos is an amazing woman and you haters have zero common sense
Teachers are beset with tremendous problems ranging from kids repeating Trump "pussy grabbing" to protecting their civil rights bc of DeVos
Their entire family fortune stems from a successful con.
Her job is to try to save our students from the propaganda mills that are currently holding our kids hostage!
DeVos is about as bright as a 3 watt bulb.
I was going to name our fish DeVos, but I trained him to know 3 taps means feeding time, so why dumb him down.
Good point.
Let us not forget that having an obvious neophyte is charge of the ED @RepThomasMassie and his GOP cronies want to eliminate the dept #hr899
Right!  Dethrone Betsy!  Close Fed Ed return control to teachers & parents!
Just saw this. You do realize that the Dept of Ed does not create or dictate curriculum? @RepThomasMassie is either misled or a plain liar
At some point someone has to realize education can not exist in a for-profit model.  It will no longer be education but indoctrination
When "Not for profit" schools pay administrators ~$1m a year, does that distinction mean anything?
Yep, sure couldn't see that coming. Rriigghhtt. Most ridiculous conformation hearing I've ever watched. Ugh
It's all good to speak what shld be done.
Fact is Trump will fire anyone who does not deal 1st his plan, evil communication to corrupt USA
But that's what the @GOP does.  Rape & pillage the village. Leave a smoldering pile behind
It's a travesty that DeVos is EdSec. Gutless GOP confirmed her after Franken and others showed her as unqualified and ignorant re: pub educ.
Really ? I guess people are just too stupid without government nanny watching out for us. Government employees thinks too much of herself!
But you're all about profit.
She won't. Question: How in gods name did this woman get confirmed? Money? That's it though, right?
Yep. Lots and lots and lots of money. Zero experience. Zero integrity. Zero soul.
What I would agree to, is Betsy being fired.  She is a party shill, hypocritical Christian. Not to mention dumb as a bag of hammers.
You dims have let this go for all eight yrs of ObamaNation. Now you're concerned??? Spare us your yank.
Sec Betsy DeVos is to public school children what Cruella Deville is to puppies #Questions4Betsy @BetsyDeVosED


I thought democrats run the colleges hmmm
Guess you're mistaken
DeVos has ties 2 collection agencies that specialize in college loans
Any your job is to represent the voters of Ca.  And you should do it.  Stop trying to make a name for yourself.
Betsy DeVos will never to ANYTHING to help Americans get an education. She really is there to help predatory businesses steal from students.
As an educator, I hate this woman more than any of the other DT lackeys.
The Trump administration: The dumbing down of America makes it easier to manipulate its ppl.
A surprisingly effective strategy. Or, not so surprising.
Leave DeVos alone Snowflakes. Cut Higher Ed txpayer $$$ that fund liberal professors all over America. Time for a system overhaul. Txpayers?
Not a chance. Erik Prince and Betsy DeVos are beyond the swamp. They're creatures from the Blackwater Lagoon.


She's so unqualified what the hell Cong confirmed her for? Don't you think these cowards in Congress should be blamed for her incompetence?

Everyone Trump picked 4 his cabinet is a slap in the face of our gov't. Like Bannon said their goal is to deconstruct our systhem of gov't.
@BetsyDeVosED would have 2 care about children 2 protect them & she doesn't!
No one should be waiting for Betsy DeVos to do anything ethical, honest or decent. SHE'S NOT GOING TO DO IT. FIGHT BACK!
She is not fit for this job!! Evil hag!!
Figures you support Sharia Law why not kangaroo courts where the defendants rights are aggressively diminished.
Betsy DeVos bought that appointment. She has zero business being anywhere near education.
#immoralmajority lunatic benefits from working poor while calling herself a Christian educator.
Betsy DeVos is the "Nut Job" should have fired.
..DeVos shouldn't be anywhere near government, let alone in that post..
I think Betsy wants her very own predatory for-profit college.
For profit would only work with all the requisite checks and balances but One needs to learn about DeVos family background to understand her
Never mind the colleges. It's the predatory banks peddling student loans that are the real problem
That day that bad boi Pencey flew up the steps at Capitol Hill to cast his vote was a day education died in America by this admin.
DeVos  so angry about this Trump and Republicans put this clueless thing in office. Rep spineless cowards OUT 2018
In one way I should be happy because I work for a for-profit institution and they seem very optimistic about the future..so job security..
But ultimately I am disappointed about just about everything Betsy DeVos stands for.
DeVos doesn't have any idea what she's doing. She needs to resign too.
When Trump is Impeached DeVos should be Gone the Next Day!
Yes
The media's so focused on 45's every tweet while republicans are passing all kinds of crazy agendas #educationreform #deregulations
Special place in hell for her.
Why is she there? She paid millions to the GOP criminals who confirmed her, lied under oath, brother part of did-info campaign. Grand jury!
Isn't she working in this position thanks to a man who ran a predatory for-profit university?
Yes but predatory for-profit "colleges" are her base so ... fat chance
Or predatory men's rights activists... F that.
A female Trump just his vile and Corrupt
She seems to have a bias for protecting predators
What has happened to the world?
Where did these people come from?
Millionaires run amok. To hell with the next generation. Let's overcharge everyone before the face ice berg floods the fake shores
Why is something for profit predatory! What does the left have against businesses making money
You have been all over the place. Talking abt welfare, poor, businesses, money, profit. I am talking about voter rights. You must be a bot.
DeVos is wholly unqualified to be deciding US educational policies. Love to know why she was allowed to assume this post
Yep. She should continue making headway on Arne Duncan's work.
Maybe you should stop taking money from the Teachers' Union that protects "tenured" pedophiles.
She should be fired & a replaced with someone competent!
She's an ass - she screwed up education in Michigan- why would she be good for education on a federal level? NOT!!
She is even more unqualified than trump.
You mean like Trump "University?"
@GOP goal kill education ,and don't believe in a livable wages transaction keep people poor and dumb vote Republican
Crooked Betsy
DEVOS is USELESS just like the the whole GOP....

INVOKE25 NOW
Let's not kid ourselves - DeVos is not there to protect anyone, except perhaps the economic interests of for-profit schools. Follow the 
But wasn't that the whole point of her wanting that job? $$$$$$ You REALLY didn't think it was for the kids did you?
She wants one thing and one thing only, her religion taught in all schools.
She doesn't care
There's a special place in hell for a woman who works against the best interest of children so billionaires can profit. #HeartAndSoulless
We want her and the rest of Trump's looney Tune picks gone!  NOW!
These keep popping up on the streets of D.C.
It's just unreal the philosophy these people have.  Patriotism and sense of community aren't in their wheel-house at all.
Senator Harris, are you aware that every dime of the 12mil in the Dept of Ed budget for Special Olympics has been eliminated? Ask Mrs. DeVos
I agree and it makes me angry.
If a woman is intoxicated, by law she is unable to give consent. Read the law, it's very clear on that point.
she, her #Blackwater brother #ErikPrince & her #Amway husband are all about profits
Republicans don't believe in higher education so loans won't be a problem since everyone graduating will get jobs working in the coal mines
Of course. As the proverb goes...you knew she was a scorpion before she was installed... Now she is doing substantial bad things. Now what?
1/ While I'm at it, if you missed, DEVOS/SPECTRUM HEALTH: linked to TrumpTower-RU Bank private server investigation:
2/ Devos family is on the board of Spectrum Health--of the MYSTERY RU-SERVER/TRUMP TOWER connection? Keep reading:
You know what Devos&brother Prince are. Let's cut to the chase: Trump's cabinet is there for 1 reason: $$$ & power:
She's already protecting rapists over victims. Please get the Cheeto out. His admin is destroying the USA.
Unfortunately I am not sure that she knows what her job actually is.
You must know who her brother is, how she's just another of Trump's gang of Mercer/Putin thugs:
Vets Devon's there as a callous GOP executioner t share th collection pie among her DC ochlocrat cronies w/o remorse
I agree - Betsy DeVos should be protecting students not predatory for-profit colleges. Retweet if you do too. https://twitter.com/latimes/status/884454722492563456 …
DeVoss doesn't care about educ. She is cryel &racist towards ppl of color, LGBTQ and only wants the rich to get richer. Empty apology..
Don't let them do this to our kids.
They're our future, Kamala.
I'm really counting on you, kid.
Don't stop doing the right thing
My Senator
Beg to differ...Betsy DeVos should be doing anything but managing DoE, 4 which she isn't qualified.  Need someone actually qualified.
She shouldn't have that job in the first place
@Ohio Sued Charter Schools $5.3 MILLION For Giving False"F" GRADES Given, False Attendance, Closed & Reopened, New Name Got  New Funding!
@Ohio @Senate @Congress Charter Schools Were Also Given In Ohio: Just Under $2 Million Dollars Of Public Schools Funds! These Are OUR TAXES
I agree ! @TuesdaysToomey
Hmmm. My "predatory for-profit" alma mater,USC,was so good to me, & I give back by supporting its program of scholarships for minority kids.
@kennk1030
Any for-profit that should remain non-profit is bad, ex: hospitals, colleges, K-12 schools, prisons, nursing homes, Etc
I disagree. Betsy devos shouldn't be doing a damn thing with our money, our kids or our education system.
With any luck Devos also thought it was normal to meet w reps from the Kremlin. Hmm....
@PradierJ @FishFunSun @timmoore1973 @Rcastro97669157 @WickedestWitch1 @WilDonnelly @JeromeDawson3 @MaxineWaters @drew0388 @countrymancarol
She's malevolent and a menace to society.

#ImpeachTrump
Thank you Rubio
Quite Frankly @BetsyDeVosED should not even hold the position she does. She has brought nothing to the table but doom & gloom for Education.
To put it bluntly Betsy Devos is an entitled b&tch who lives in a bubble. She cares only about profits.
Not to mention predatory young rapists who see noting wrong in taking advantage of female students
Don't worry @SpectrumHealth and @BetsyDeVosED are wrapped up in the Russian collusion.  She will go down with the rest of them.
Kids that are courted by predatory colleges tend to be the less fortunate, the poor.  Countess Devos could care less about this segment .
She probably owns some of those for-profit schools.
She is an elite, slut-shaming Republican. What else could we expect?
Betsey is a financial parasite
She is not qualified for this job. PERIOD.
DeVos doesn't protect from predatory anything.
all she knows is money.. that whole ilk have tainted my hometown.. it's deplorable...
If she protected students and not for-profit colleges, she would not be doing the job she was hired for
.#RESIST @BetsyDeVosED and her racist & criminal agenda @realDonaldTrump #TrumpRussia #education #publiceducation

ART FOR THE RESISTANCE
Her business before now was predatory lending
Her "job" is to destroy public education, so her mega-wealthy pals can get richer by "investing" in private, religious, and charter schools.
This woman is pure evil
There's nothing wrong with a moment of silence first thing in the morning if the kids want to pray to themselves but kids need real teachers
She's the sister of Eric Prince. Just want you to know where she's coming from...
Only 1 reason a Billionaire takes a government job... To Cash In!Our Tax $$ is not a Gold Rush for Lazy,Greedy Billionaires! Hands Off Our $
Has anyone ever been so unqualified & been given a job than #BetsyDeVos #Resist #PayToPlay #ThursdayThought
She's in a position to do good but she is actively harming students. Is she just evil?
DEVOS should be kicked out on her USELESS ass
She shouldn't be protecting predators/rapists in general, nevermind for profit schools!
She's the perfect fit for our new kakistocracy. I'm sure her male colleagues assume you don't know what that means and try to explain it.
Kamala Harris for POTUS in 2020...
@BetsyDeVosED is looking like a predator herself. Protecting for-profit college scams and sexual predators. 
"90% of campus rapes..."
She doesn’t design purses for a living? How did she become a politician?
She should be protecting bears
Her health firm provided the data to Russia to get Trump the election! Her posting was a reward! She is a traitor!! 
Why would she, she will make more money that she doesn't need
DeVos believes that College is a perk reserved for wealthy families (like hers), so she is openly hostile to ppl who have to borrow tuition.
Who in the GOP is going to stand up & say enough, have the courage to be for USA over crooks/grifters/traitors WH
I'm for you resigning your senator seat!

You are nothing more than a Dispirated Despicable Democrat Hack!

#ObamaCockHolster
#LiberalLies
Ah, but then she would have a conflict of her own self interest.
And who will protect students from Betsy DeVos?
Like Trump University? She is a shill, pure and simple.
She needs to go witj rhe rest of the unqualifyed criminals.
She should not be in the position to have influence on education period. Completely unqualified. Sad this great country can allow this!
She can't because she is a criminal and part of the group that is working hard to destroy America.
Betsy's family has been nailed for legal problems. Apparently she still sides with the crooks
Like Howard?  Your alma mater?  I believe it is a private, for profit college.
She probably profits
She should have never been confirmed. Horribly unqualified. Knows nothing about education and only cares about lenders.
Every time you tweet about others' corruption, I'm reminded you refused to prosecute Foreclosure King Mnuchin, now he's Trump's Treasury Sec
Heartless,egodriven, dangerous and illiterate=bdevos
Seems Trump folks think THEY decide what their job will b rather than FOLLOW Constitution or descrip's,
Trump=king,etc #GOPfails #PrezFraud
I have a five letter word for her that rhymes with itch. She's ignorant and incompetent to boot!
She should also help campuses protect women from sexual predators. Another failure.
Do not agree - BDV should go down with the regime. Too many curious ties... ask @Spicerlies @LouiseMensch
NEWS!  Betsy DoVos ties to child labor supply ring in Red States.  Over 32,000 kids are working secret factories building weapons for Russia
@BetsyDeVosED is protecting all kinds of predators
We knew this was coming the minute her family bought  her position by donating $ 2 Trump.  It's all about profit in their book not education
Actually, I think Betsy DeVos should quit now before they find the ties she shares with the Trump WH to Russia...


DeVos bought her position, has never attended public school, wants to destroy US schools, add religion & far right thinking to public edu
She's hoping for a gang bang from the rapists
She part of money grubbing administration who don't give a hoot about our children and their future she is a plutocrat who needs laborers
DeVos' job is to resign and let someone do that job who has some kind of clue
If the Virgin Mary had a character foil, it would be Betsy DeVos.
Cruella DeVos kills puppies for pleasure.  Look at her evil smile.
I disagree: Betsy DuVos should be protecting herself from getting beat downs in prison.  But it is what it is.
Yeah, but she doesn't have a vested interest in students........
She's not gonna change and it's stupid for us to expect any different.  She needs to be removed.
But thats not what she was told to do
@BetsyDeVosED should understand people don't want to pay 4 a service they never received. It' like getting 2 karat earring when you pay 4 5.
Thanks for keeping your eye on the ball
#MedicareForAll #TaxTheRich & fund public education
@BetsyDeVos You should go back to  amway and leave America's children alone. Also, I get the feeling the lights are on but no one is home
She is a monster. #Resistance
Her new thing is protecting rapists from those evil victims. I think they call it the No! No! I said No! Means Yes Campaign.
Orwellian times...heads of every agency are busy harming the very things or people they are charged w/protecting.
I have lost my patience with DeVos. She's a chip off the TRUMP-BLOCK!!!
@erconger Betsy DeVos can't catch a break from liberals. I will listen to a billionaire before I listen to a 50k yr critic
DeVos thinks it's ok to rape students because they're drunk with the desire to improve their lives, & she's drunk with power.
Your assertion intimates that that animated speedbump, @BetsyDeVos, has the cognitive capacity to carry out such a thing. Not gonna happen.
How can someone who is as uneducated as Betsy be the Secretary of Education?  I wouldn't hire her to teach my cat to use a litter box.
What can you expect is anybody truly surprised
She smiles as she screws people over. Can't tell if she's heartless or completely empty in her coo-coo's nest 
Devos helping big business. Pruitt EPA helping big business. Price Healthcare helping Billionaires. Who loses? Ordinary citizens.
betsy devos isn't qualified to protect our students. I don't blame her for not doing it, I blame who appointed her to this position @POTUS
Her husband, Dick, will be investing in for-profit colleges (along with for-profit K-12 schools).  $$ to be made by DeVos family
I think this explains Betsy Devos perfectly
There's a special corner in Hell for her and the rest of Trump's Regime.
