I agree this is a problem but this seems much more an issue to me.
Pakistani woman in Chicago sentenced to 4 yrs probation in murder of newborn. Google Mubashra Uddin (age 20.)
Typical Chicago crap! Probation for murder.
And can still have more children....
Oh dear Lord. Frightening thought.
Here is a solution, tell these women to stop committing crimes you jackhole.
And if our current AG has his way, even more will be behind bars
MORE MONEY in his pocket while he should be in prison-
Lied multiple times before Senate Confirmation Committees, when should've been held in Contempt for lying and obstruction
REC Get hold of @AnthonyNiedwiecki New Dean of #GGU GoldenGateLaw in SF He just spoke to that on WED in LiveChat
I am an expert at identifying victims of sex trafficking in prisons. I get them free attorneys to help vacate their convictions. #cjreform
Can you save our children from the  Don Jr. Scandal to traffick our children with Russia? Your the man for this job...
That means kids without mothers in case anyone is unclear on the concept.
Kids of felon mothers are better off with the relatives that teach them how to live without breaking the law.
Most people currently incarcerated in the USA were incarcerated for things that don't harm anyone.

Don't try to defend mass incarceration.
Ah, u find ur self 2b smarter & wiser than most judges & juries of non-violent felony convictions. I'll side /w them over u.
Criminals belong in prison. One day you will join them and you can join arms and sing we are the  world while you stand in the chow line.
ahahaha u r serious & thats what is so sad i was 1 of them kam & i made my way bk w/o your "help"
Since our founding  223 years ago we have led all nations in incarceration stats.
It is in our DNA
And more in prison when sessions and his cronies will be PROFITING from it- NO PRIVATE PRISON
I have been working at the largest women's prison in the country for 13 years. I know a lot about the issues they face.
Real from the inside out.
Well, I know 3 the system missed, Hillary Clinton, Loretta Lynch, and Susan Rice.
You should be in prison, you're resume is so hard ass. Hopefully, Californians will defeat you.
The USA puts more PEOPLE in prison than any other country. Why are you only concerned with women? Sexist.
Omg enough! We are blessed to have so many rights but you make us look like victims and it's embarrassing. #Maga #USA
The only true solution is #MassIndigentDefense.
You don't put criminals in prison.
How about women not choosing to commit crimes? Would that be a solution?
Here's an idea, don't do a crime don't do time.
Maybe women should not break our laws & they wouldn't be in prison. Problem solved.
Who wants solutions- free people will always be more inclined to take one step beyond their rights
Could it be.... just maybe, that those women committed crimes? Or are they just being put in prison because of their genitals?
We do? But perhaps they deserved IT? Or democrat California causes such despair, more women break laws?
Women are held to standards men aren't. Men get away with violence against innocents. While women go to jail for self defense.
I wonder what more TWADDLE will accomplish, given DDs had 2008 but used it to dump offices they gathered?  Perhaps you can get on Oliver.
#Thanks @SenKamalaHarris @USJusticeAction #Truth #courtsmatter I suffer hurts, pains vs #bullies @CambridgePolice mock kick force me to quit
Here in Chicago, a mother who killed her newborn was recently sentenced to 4 yrs probation! Google Mubashra Uddin (age 20.) Feminists mute.
You're a feminist. This is a good thing according to your logic. Women should be treated no different than men.
Kamala, 
Please run for president in 2020.  #KamalaHarris4President
She's got MY vote! 
Every time I turn around ca. Passing some type of law. When are they going to run out of laws
We need to reform jail/prison from the ground up. It shouldn't be a warehouse for offenders, there should be a focus on reform & education 
Because they break the law? 
Equality has arrived in the criminal justice system perhaps?
You learn something everyday. I believe our prison system must undergo radical changes #prisonreform #USJusticeAction
Women should expect special protections when breaking the law because...they're women?

Can you imagine those countries that imprison women for getting an abortion? Oh wait... that's us...  :(
Senator, justice is for all genders!! You should know that  please spend your time trying to FIX CA! No jobs,bad healthcare,high taxes
Excited to see you there!
Then I guess it time for liberal women to stop breaking the law dumbazz
So what then? Get out of jail free card for women felons? Who writes laws sending felons to jail?
As long as you have "private prisons" you'll have a problem. No one single person should own a prison - profit from it. No One
I feel a bit dumb. I never knew we had for profit prisons. ?? I've heard of non-profit org but never a non profit or for profit prisons??
Thank you for the enlightenment, I was not aware of that statistical fact, about women imprisonment.Sen.Kamala Harris, CSPAN US House Reo.
I'm writing about it. It's racial injustice at its worse. Too many profiteers. The system is invisible.
Here is a solution, stop for profit prisons & make politicians stop taking $ from the industry. $ in politics is why we have these issues.
Wrote my tweet befor seing yours.  This is the top most problem.
Just followed @USJusticeAction with u! Please keep sharing your knowledge with us. Thank you
@JeskEyre !!!
Perfection!
If I didn't know better, I would've thought your twitter account was hacked & D hacker is sending ridiculous tweetsSeriously Senator
You're right, be free ladies!!!
Just more rhetoric from our Junior Sen. Harris.  Any bite to that bark?
Over 90% of women inmates have suffered severe abuse for a long time. This is a multifacited problem and needs comprehensive answers.
Solution: Fewer women commit crime.
Actual solution: Stop criminalizing things that don't harm people.  Most people currently incarcerated in the USA shouldn't be in jail.
I be interested to know which crimes you think should not be so that most incarcerated have committed. In CA about 1% are in for weed.
That is:
1. What should not be a crime.
2. Show how those are most of prisoners.
3. In CA few jailed for weed, as an example.
if they can't do the time than they shouldn't do the crime.
I'm trying to get behind SOMETHING, ANYTHING you promote but... do we incarcerate ne1 M or F that hasn't been tried & convicted?
YES!
Do they want special treatment? Equality means if you do the crime, you do the time.
You forgot Hillary!
Oklahoma leads the way in incarcerating women
So we believe in equal rights what's your beef man
Kamal never met a criminal she didn't love.
Perhaps we have more women who break laws than almost any other nation. Solution: don't break our laws. There, saved u a trip
We put more PEOPLE in prison, regardless of gender.
Thanks for All ur hard work. So nice to see a great leader evolve & look for actual answers to this national crisis.We nd to educate/support
We must offer a future -- for those felons who want one.
How can you view this as a gendered issue with women as the target victim when males are 14 times more likely to be incarcerated?
if we started busting politicians who took bribes from insurance industry to block #singlepayer we could throw a few more in the hoosegow.
#marxist claims fantasy bribes r reason no one wants gvt to decide if kids live or die. #CharlieGard
Perfect.
