These men make decisions for women's healthcare. What do they know? Nada damn thing bc they have never been woman. #NoAHCA #callyoursenators
This  should be treated same as womens healthcare.
If we tested men for testicular cancer the same way we test breasts with painful mamograms, all insurance men would approve MRIs for both.
I have Marco Rubio 
Calling those GA senators every single day.
Been told by Ben Winkler that calling senators that are not yours is actually harmful to #TheResistance effort. Just sayin'
That's why I call my Georgia senators.
Got it. I'm a concerned, obsessed citizen in Illinois. Followed the GA06 election like a hawk. Thanks to you & your neighbors for calling!
Worked the GA 6th for Ossoff. I live in that district. Very disappointed!!!
In a weird way, it makes me feel better that it was stolen rather than he received fewer votes.
Please call Congress daily and voice your concern for throwing sick and elderly people off their healthcare with secret backroom meetings!
My understanding most had already lost it due to affordability being left out. Obamacare going belly up...too many basement dwellers.
Are u referring to seniors and the disabled as bottom dwellers? Are children of the poor bottom dwellers? You have drunk to much kool aid!
Can anything be done to make the WH have PUBLIC press briefings? This hiding all around is ridiculous!!!
Where was this outcry for #Obamacare which did the same damn thing? #Hypocrisy
The ACA wasn't done in secret and was a bipartisan effort. We no nothing about this bill.
I knew of used car salesman with no concept of ethics... this was one of his tricks. Offer you the moon, give you a lemon.
Let me remember now, Nancy Pelosi said pass Obama Care so you can see what's in IT!
Meh!
Trump shares top secret intelligence w/Russia (enemy) but GOP won't share details re: bill that will kill citizens who pay their salaries.
What is the "top secret" intelligence he shared?? Stop lying!!
Do you read? Try Google machine: Isreal, laptop bombs, hacked, secret intel, loss of life. While at it, look up definition of "traitor."
Kinda like passing a bill in order to see whats inside it?  Were the voices heard at that point?  Or just at this point?  #Hypocrite
Just read the comment above yours
All senators work for all of us, so look up GOP senators and call them all. Ask them to forfeit their healthcare when they take ours away.
Well I would cry about losing my healthcare except I didn't have any for last 8 years.  Lost my full time job barely able to find PT job. 
My Senators vm is full so I can't urge him to plan hearings for the AHCA. And he is blaming democrats. Right @JohnCornyn?
Use @botresist !  Jam his fax machine when he won't answer the phones!
americans had penalties under Obamacare Dictarship in a democracy :
Ironic, you must not recall Obamacare passed, so massive Pelosi said pass it so we can read it! Then the avalanche of ineptness unfolded
Absolutely! Not only that. The Supreme Court said it Was a Tax! Unconstitutional as Stood. Gruber the *Arcetect* Said Americans Too Stupid!?
That's a lie . You pay every month and cannot used your insurance because high premiums and deductibles!
Leave obomba care alone works perfect just put in millions or kick off immigrants collecting illegals TRUMP WILL,  Harris can rewrite old!
Word!
People need to know that this affects us all--all states, parties, races & $tatus. #PreexistingConditions @NewsHoundEllen
This is life and death for millions of Americans, treat it like the war it is and pull out every stop.
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris 
Did call you and left message to say please keep doing what you are doing.
Feeling blessed in CA!
How about when a bill that is constructed in secrecy that increases rates 3x-10x, limits competition & lessens coverage for 301million ppl?
How about a bill that promised we could keep our Dr if we liked and promised not to raise our cost? How about that big lie?
GOP governors refused to take Medicaid expansion money to keep costs down .. those that took it kept premiums low. 20 mill more had HC
No citizen of this country should be forced to buy something they don't want. period. More govt control is all the bill was about.
GOP healthcare is more control by insurance companies and a huge tax cut to millionaires
I don't want the either crooked ass party a part of my healthcare. Unlike you I don't think of govt. as my salvation for living.
Isn't that what the Democrats did with Obama Care???
No.
Uh, yes. This is exactly what they did. Nancy said we would pass it to see what was in it. Get you facts together.
Got my facts 2gether. Dems wrkd w/ Reps for a bipartisan agrmnt. McConnell refused to work w/ Obama & threatened Senate members futures. 1/
Multiple negotiations were made before the bill was even introduced. That was not how this one has been devised or orchestrated. /2.
Revisionist history...
Um, no. Facts.
Liberals lost the election. Go back to sleep.
23 million?! 7% of the WHOLE US POPULATION THIS HELPED?All the while SOME OF US can't AFFORD the rising costs?Y'all feeding some bullshit
Wake up Kamala and stop lying to the public. We're too smart for that.
where was ur concern when a bill crafted in secret (ovomitcare) Destroyed Health Care & Full Time Jobs for 100 Million Americans..U R A JOKE
did you ever stop to think just because MSNBC says it that you still need to check the facts
2020
Just put my call into @LindseyGrahamSC
It's terrifying. I called my Senator and he has no idea, no response, no information to provide.
Like obamacare, "you'll know  what's in it after you'll pass it" right?
What about the bill that increased my costs from $775/month to $1205 and wouldn't let me keep the same doctor?
Hsi
Please keep fighting for us who live in currently red states (Iowa). I call my R senators daily, but Grassley says no one calls!  Grrrr!
Does it really matter what it says? Dems will not support. So have fun in the dark. Trump 5, Dems 0.
Forced coverage. Most people covered have to have it or be fined.  Get the facts straight.

The legal lynching of #PhilandoCastile. Video just released today. 

An abomination. This officer is a murderer. Philando…
If you're all so concerned about our healthcare, why don't you put us all on the same plan you're on?
“Call your senator: Phone numbers for every office of every U.S. senator,” David Nir, Daily Kos; 2-2-17
Guess who's seat is pretty much guaranteed if she wants it YUP .. That Girl, I'm jealous of her constituents I HAVE F'Ing @JeffFlake
Speaking of counting. How about no $$ for assisting and just making lives better for all yet there's $50 million for one special election.
Yes Kamala; tell us all about how ACA was 2000 pages long never read before passed and changed by Bcrats after enacted but then we're stupid
If it is done in secret, how do you know what is in it? You can't have it both ways!
And introduces "death panels" staffed by GOP members who decide who gets treatment - I believe.
How about if you publish the GOP house and senate mobile number lists and we the people can call all of them, repeatedly, indefinitely. 
You don't think millions of Americans are without insurance now? I think you better go back-and get your facts straight.
I mean, don't be crazy. Of course the current system isn't ideal. But you're saying the ACHA would be better?!
Easy to do....call, enter your zip then choose your Senator.
Like BLOBAMACARE? #Hypocrites
How many Americans are loosing their insurance when their only option for coverage pulls out of the Exchange? Or when the process is 2 high?
Diane Feinstein's office phone is not taking messages. U have to hold, if wait is over 2 mins it hangs up!!
More than 23M-> Consider impact of direct subsidy changing to tax credit.
Low inc & unempl don't benefit at all

RT #Resist #ProtectOurCare
And if they don't listen to you..... vote them out WE HAVE THE POWER
I hope Repub congressmen/senators realize McConnell & Ryan r putting their re-election chances on line just so they can extract vengeance.
so, Sessions has lawyered up.  You did make him nervous.
I am all for improved health care. I want to know why they are not laying out the plan. I would like to see it
You are so right!
Is that a general number or a number for specific districts?
I just saw @SenateMajLdr say on TV that the Dems have expressed NO interest in working on the Healthcare bill! Who is lying?
called!
Keep trying. Do NOT give up. Every voice counts! Thank you for calling! #resist #LibertyTree
We also need to pressure trey gowdy to be #honest  #American as he was when he was drilling @HillaryClinton  we need answers #RussiaGate
Or make them heard in November 2018
I tried to call @SenatorBurr office and was the call was disconnected
We need a court injunction to halt a bill that's likely illegal
Isn't it 23 million MORE that would lose healthcare.. 51 million that would actually lose healthcare???
U have a large skull
Sen Harris. I would like for the Dark Money people behind these horrendous changes to our legislature to be exposed. Will you help?
call them and say what? (Legit question)
Call even if ur Sen is Dem-they can still register the #s opposed. Remind your Rep Sen that Trump said he wouldn't touch Medicaid. #GOPShame
On it 
Re Wealthcare Shame↠Can't get thru to "Leader" Mitch in  DC/202-224-2541.Can lv message in Lexington 859-224-8286/Louisville 502-582-6304
thank you for fighting!!!!!
@SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr

#LicTrump: Trump awol. Trump tax records M.I.A. Trump & Sessions Russia collusion memories K.I.A. Republican Party L.I.A.R.S. "Go figure!" 
Thank you Senator. Please stay strong for all of us.
DO IT
Where were you in March 2010? "We have to pass the bill so that you can find out what is in it."
You ma'am have more balls than all those men put together.....YOU ROCK @SenKamalaHarris
I just called the number you posted and it rings "busy" so it's either off the hook or others are also calling.
Grateful I am represented by 2 Dem senators and a dem rep!
No there should be a rule preventing this type of action in our Government.
So this is different than what the Democrats did? Dems hadn't read it and voted yes for Obamacare. No transparency in healthcare. Stinks!
Taking away and giving you the option are two different things 
Congress wont care no more than they cared Florida government workers hurting and killing people then hiding behind shields of immunity
Call over and over till we tie up all the Republicans lines
Knock on their damn doors! Make some noise, b4 they kill us all.
Will do!!!!
It's busy. Will keep trying.
I got through but definitely had to try a few times.  Good luck!
PA FOLKS- Sen Toomey's direct # s:

202-224-4254
Or Allentown office:
610-434-1444
Homework for today.
Most of which will choose NOT to be covered now that they won't be penalized! Time for you dems to start speaking the truth!
To be clear, that was his Nashville office, I'm a 27 year resident
Woman in @SenAlexander  office said it's not really secret since no one believes 53 Senators can keep a secret. Hand to God she said that
i just had about 68 reactions/responses to that but they're best summed up by,"yes, do go on...."
When she said there would be public debate before vote I asked when. She said no one knew. So, that sounds legit, right?
first response sounded (poorly) scripted. nobody knowing when there will be debate likely true. except plan is never debate, so....
@johnpavlovitz 
Disabled people blitz social media today with
#ShowUsTheBill
Boy that sounds so funny coming from the dems. Hypocrites. Please...
Why didnt you say anything when nancy Pelosi said of Ocare "we have to pass it to see what's in it"
How about u tell us how u slept your way to the office?  Your affair with ur boss?  Great Leasership!  NOT
Get the message out
Your staff is the best! Thank you Kamala!
Voices aren't heard Kamala. They told you to shut up why would they listen to us? This is now a one party state.We now belong to ExxonRussia
Two counties in Washington have no Health Provider right now.If it's secret how do you know what's in it?No one will be able 2 afford it.
Thank you for fighting for us!
Like Obama care "we need to pass it to see what's in it!".... shut up liberal idiots!!!!!
Called simple and will keep calling! Told him how undemocratic this is in the history of our government to hide this bill from the people!
It's no secret it's just not being Campbell laws by the Democratic Party to say face over Obamacare
73% want #AHCA discussed in open 76% don't know what AHCA will do 59% want #ACA improved 13 Senators in shadows hide - keep on fighting
Obamacare crafted in secret. "Pass it to learn what is on it." #hypocrisy
Question:  How can the bill cause 23 million for o loose the coverage when only 12.2 million are sighed up for ACA?
@SenToomey I've left voice mail & e mail. To pass ANY legislation in secret is quite simply, offensive.
Like the original Affordable Care Act?
Please save Refugees from Europe's & #UNHCR's brutality, barbarism & wildness.
India has a health insurance ESI its mandatory for all to pay below a certain salary healthcare is a basic right
You have joined the liars, so irrelevant
What the Senator didn't say but should have: Use that phone call to ask your Senator to support #MedicareForAll!
U hv my vote for most intelligent n most gorgeous congresswoman EVER!!!
Thank you for providing the number; it makes it easy to do
Like Obamacare?
Like Obamacare, VOTE FOR IT AND THE READ IT!!! Give me a break, get to work. Make America Great Again!!!
Done!
Focusing on that point undermines the fact that it will also be devastating for people who have coverage through employers - junk insurance
Which bill exactly?
And the Dems didn't?
Can't get thru to Feinstein's DC office again
Yea keep tweeting you ineffectual American losers. Your country is OVER. Let it sink in.
What do we about the 200million voters whose information was found on an Amazon site?
They claim to want things to be better, then they go and do things like this.... SMH...
@Mark_Sheppard as opposed to being told we need to pass it to know what's in it? That's a special kind of stupid. #merica
Why not just have the senate number instead?
Tried calling Mitch McConnell's 2 offices today. As typical, no one answering, and VM full. This is his idea of a full court press.
Like obamacare
When the healthcare of 150M+ women is decided by 13 Old Men in a back room, that's some Saudi Arabia level misogyny right there.
It's not affordable... Still only benefIcial for the poor and lazy! not helpful for the middle class..it's called the UNAFFORDABLE ACT!
What are you doing in 2020?
You, Senator...all I can say is that, when I grow up, I wanna be YOU
We here in California know that you hear our voices!  Thank you for fighting for us @SenKamalaHarris!
how about 23 million Americans stop stop stealing money from other people to pay for their things
I call everyday.. You are Awesome that's why I voted for you.. #2020
Please run for President.
Call congress, share with everyone! Stop  make govt work 4 us ALL! Not a few wealthy
Please, filibuster by amendment.
Imagine they ignore calls. Maybe drag their sorry purchased arses out of cloistered meetings and stand them in front of #WeThePeople.
Too many cooks spoil the broth. Design by committee is always bad. Let them finish. We hired them to do that
McConnell wants to give them 10 hours to review the bill. 10 hours to make a decision that will destroy HC for millions. It's cruel.
I'll be calling!!!
Want My Voice To Be Heard? Am On Medicare!!
Trump is try to remove Obamacare. And then I could afford health care again #RepealObamacare. Make health care affordable
How?
Here's what really needs 2 happen. Remove special interest groups, lobbyists, and ALL that money out of Government. That, + a younger group!
Oh btw Rep's everyone knows who stole the election. We're not crying over spilled milk we're crying because whats being done 2 our Country!

"We need to pass it, in order to see what's in it" --Nancy pelosi.
Harris ur president is Russia guy Russia guy also is Winning Winning with Putin
The recording cuts off the caller after you enter your zip code. I tried several times
But...didn't you guys say Obamacare had to be passed before anyone could read it? Why is that not okay now? 
How many of those people spend over $ 100.00 on a cell phone every month? Poor choices pay for there health care first over a cell phone.
Harris please it can call Evil Senateur Republican party, maybe you
The corruption in Congress has reached a stage where dozens of Republican Senators may actually vote for their new AHCA without reading it.
We Need Better Medicare & Medicaid
We need better Medicare & Medicaide !
We need Better Medicare & Medicaide
Agree with you
Like the bill that screwed over 300 million of us in addition to causing businesses all over the country to close costing untold jobloss?
300,000,000 really? #SMH
While you can still visit an ENT doc.
Mitch McConnell.  (202) 224-2541  Call during D.C. office hours. Tell him what you think about this crap.
Shut up and stop obstructing, you people are the problem and are getting elected out. I promise, you @RepSwalwell @MartinHeinrich got to go!
