I agree but there must be changes. Means test? Age increase? It won't be palatable but it must be done.
Congress has taken monies we have paid into this system. They need to come up with a plan to pay it back. 1/
Why should I have to work more years when it was my money they took? Why should boomers get all of the $ I paid in? 2/
Because Boomers paid for your education. To start.
I paid for my own god-damn education, like so many others, old and young.
Wow. In first grade? Amazing. You are truly a credit to your race.
It's the difference between poverty & homelessness...most ppl on social security have no other income
Social Security recipients paid into it. Funds were removed from Social Security.
Take your corporate money and enjoy it. No to you in 2020
You must shut down gov. We aren't having a Ryan tax reduction bill for Kochs by stealing from grandma. Shut it all down
That's right.They want to take it from my son who has autism and has to have a care http://taker24-7.Now  we have to go and appeal it .
Getting by and poverty are the same these days. Working to work and never getting ahead living check to check is not living.
For sure.
Open Boarders! Free stuff for everyone!
I'm not getting anything free, so I'm not sure what you mean.
Dems want it protected so they can give it away to non residents. SS age limits went from 62 to 65 now they want 67 then it will be 70.
I am one of those people- getting by with SS, retirement & savings. I live on the border of poverty.
I can relate!
Women, who live longer, will experience more poverty after retirement because of a lifetime of wage inequality.
Learn the underwriting first. Women can collect against their husbands base income.  Perfect? No.  Not as imperfect as you fear.
Some of us never had a husband. We've depended on ourselves despite the wage gap.
Leave it to a man to mansplain' our realities.
Make the best of what you have- as others have had to do. Studying the underwriting will serve you better if you want to work to a solution.
Don't patronize me, or any other woman, with your make the best of my man crumbs bull.
How will this objectification change anything in the social security distribution system? In this moment, it is what it is. I am irrelevant.
U offered ae useful piece of info& in 140 char it is difficult 2 discern if you were aware that lots of women don't marry or not 4 long enuf
How many of those Millions use it to buy beer ,cigarettes or drugs
we have made investments for years, not a small stipend is helpful
How many illegal aliens are working jobs that some of those 20 million could be working? How many are having kids while on welfare?
Hey Kamala - great idea! Start by returning all the social security millions (or is it billions?) "borrowed" by govt
Democrats n the Senate & Senators John McCain & Susan Collins & the other Senator lady, I can't think of her name but  God Bless all help.
We do live in poverty being on SS
Many retired workers I see in the Soc Work field have ONLY Social Security to live on. #SocSec82
Absolutely 
1
But for hundreds of millions of Americans it's a failing program that will bankrupt the country, and never be around for their own benefit
It cannot be stated enough, this was money we paid into with our years and years of hard work. Congress needs to figure out how to pay back
I'm 66, recovering from cancer, on Social Security. Take it away, suicides will go up for those of us who are retired!
I hope they protect that, medicare & medicaid! I heard Paul ryan sayin 2 someone "they'll just let medicare wither on the vine", thanx 2 our
How about getting by while living in poverty.
The burden of SS tax on income is now on the poor. Simple solution! Remove the cap on income taxed. NOW! Thank you!
@SenateDems Start by being fiscally responsible, run the country like your household.
Open boarders! Free stuff for everyone!
Yes
More & more people will need it.  Here in WI, Repub Gov Walker trashed unions, pensions, affecting firemen, teachers and more.
between "living in poverty and getting by"? try: life and death.
I think this number is low. Folks that thought 401ks were the answer, they aren't, the money is lost if the Stock Market crashes again.
Thank you Sen. Kamala Harris! You are so right! 
You already screwed us out of it.
I live on $600 a month social security. How far do you think that goes?
Good thing all those ole white men in Washington r rich. They r of S.S. age n wouldn't get it based on their own actions.
My mother gets Social Security but with prescription drug costs so high she has to live with me.
And, if SS is still viable, many many more will discover just exactly what that difference actually is..
FDR A DEMOCRAT created SOCIAL SECURITY FOR THE PEOPLE! The Republicans are trying to tear down everything DEMOCRAT! VOTE THEM OUT!
It's not getting by...it's poverty. SS receiver.
I see greatness in you. You are on the right path and I would like to take that trip with you# Looking to the future!
How about getting some of these people into the work force to get them coverage?
For people with disabilities it's not just poverty or getting by...it's a matter of life or death...for babies to elderly .
You could say the same thing for people having to pay OBAMACARE premiums & deductibles!
Then why have u senators used it for other purooses?
That why you politicians stole the money from it, because you care.
#SocSec82
@BarbaraRacek SSDI and SSI needs protection and expansion in order to address the very real needs of Americans.
@BarbaraRacek So SSDI and SSI (SSA) provide some monetary support but also the critical healthcare needed by many too.
@BarbaraRacek Social Security Disability Insurance is key to Medicare and Supplemental Security Income is key to Medicaid.
You are so right. Poverty or getting by.

I am one of those Americans. I hv worked hard all my life and my savings are not enough to live on. I need SS to live.
Absolutely - and seniors always vote!
@ArtOfTheDodge we must expand it! It's as simple as removing the cap on our highest earners.
Yes!
#SocialSecurity is the keystone of a Marxian socialist plan designed to take from those who produce and give to those who don't.
@SenKamalaHarris we own a nonprofit to address food insecurity here in Orange County Ca. We here these stories every day serving 200 fm
I want my refund check now
Will be for me in 6 years.
thank you!
How could this even be an issue? You and your predecessors have mandated this withholding.  And now you say, "sorry, we mishandled it."
How about giving pragmatic advice to your followers on how to do this and what steps elected officials are taking on our behalf
disgusting trying to scare seniors..why isn't welfare/sec8/Obamaphone/foodstamp/pellgrant...running out of money?  #DEMSLIE
No kidding. Many people get very little to live on and have to go to food bank. Reality!
Keep fight back!!!!!
You are smart enough to recognize it as a government run Ponzi scheme... aren't you?
Can you give us a solid figure for what has been lent to other government expenses from the Social Security funds we have all paid into?
Do not Repeat Do not let Them take away SSI#
My son, who is disabled and medically fragile, relies on Medicaid for his enormous medical expenses.
Who pray-tell would be trying to take it away?
Then make it solvent again and spot raiding it for your dem handout programs
Not to mention the fact that it's OUR MONEY THAT WE EARNED. The US government uses the fund to borrow and bond and the matching is from int
Yep, I paid into that for 47 years & was just getting ready to collect. They will have a hell of a time taking it away from 76.4M Boomers
Exactly. Ya'll better get riled up. Us millenials could use the cash now, so I say, pay up then. Their plan is theft, pure and simple.
Yes we do have to save it. I don't know what I Would do without it. I'm 76yrs old and can't go back to work.
I depend on it too
Too bad politicians are only out to enrich themselves and will never make the tough decision for the betterment of Americans. Hence Trump.
Save social security and Medicare!
It is owed to them.
Facts and Facts
We demand you shut down government on tax plan
Respectfully, Social Security is the difference between dying of starvation and getting by.
It is the difference of eating, a home, medical care. Many millions only have social security.
It should be protected. It's my damn money. They took it out of my check, every check for the last 40yrs!!!
If you are living on social security you are probably living in poverty
Want to protect #SocSec82? Become a co-sponsor of S. 427 Social Security Expansion Act with @SenSanders & @SenGillibrand. #MealyMouth #Hack
Congress took money out.
Excellent content-free tweet
Trump's tax cuts will leave nothing for Social Security, Medicare, etc, etc. @realDonaldTrump
Social Security & Medicare are not entitlements! This OUR money taken from OUR paychecks from the day we start working! They are OUR
investments in OUR future and OUR future health care!
I worked many years & I want mine!
For 500k American Indians in non fed tribes ACA is a civil rights violation but..you support that
The word you're looking for is EXPAND
STOP GIVING WELFARE TO ILLEGAL ALIENS!!!!!!!!
I'm on SSDI & below poverty. If not 4 Medicaid I'd have no medical. Why SS & SSDI cost of living annual raises tied 2 cost of oil-not food?
So tell your congressional friends to stop looting it and keep the funds in the lockbox as was intended by the law.
TY for trying
Remove the income cap
For many it's the difference between living and dying.
YES - without Social Security my wife and I would be in big trouble. We need it.
For many it is their only income.
I guess bcse cong & sen don't get SS they don't want us to either!
Yes!!
Let's stop raiding our SS and pay back the money the gov. is stealing from us. Bring up legislation against SS thievery. We'll support you.
Our POTUS is going to protect Social Security!
For some social security is all they have, it's either just breaking even (below poverty level) on social security or homeless!!! #SocSec82
Thank You Senator Harris...
#PaulRyan wants to privatize #Medicare & #SocialSecurity.  We'll get less money when it's our turn. Paul Ryan should not be in government.
Thank you Mrs Harris
Liberals need to stop raiding the fund to pay lifetime welfare for what you Call Refugees and illegal aliens and Anchor Babies.
Most of the elderly I know receiving SS ARE in poverty in one form or another. Cost of medication, low on food, watch every penny.
Many on social security still live in dire poverty.
TY
We must also all stand up & protect it from abuse. It's OUR system & ours to protect
We paid into all these years  #SaveSocialSecurity
@PrincessBravato No, Senator. It's the difference between living in poverty and living in worse poverty.
Clinton stole SS funds to kick debt down road
Obama stole from FannieMaeFreddieMac to prop up failing ACA
Never trust Dems Never Vote Dems
I heard it was GOP Bush that had borrowed from our SS & never paid it back! Go figure!
So you're asking republicans to fix your democrat mess ?
We must also expand #SocialSecurity, by allowing citizens to contribute pre-tax dollars to it in lieu of IRAs, 401K/403Bs. #PensionsForAll
Here's a thought @SenKamalaHarris: Universal Basic Income (UBI).

Give everyone enough for the basics, let them earn above that on their own
If we must protect it then why do people like you keep stealing from it to buy votes of people who have paid little to nothing into it.
Get rid of the illegals and fake disabled people first
Look, this is our money. We invested into SOCSEC. "W" "borrowed" trillions from us on his faux war. PAY US BACK!!!!!
And some of us still live in poverty.
Count me in there! Tough after a lifetime of working.
I did not realize how rough this would be. I raised 3 kids by my self. Nothing was leftover to save or invest. Many blessings sister.
Bless you as well.  Thanks for the comment!
And it's our own money. We earned it.
No way. Return the money we paid into it. And let us decide how to invest it. Were all adults not children of the state.
It is also OUR MONEY. Has nothing to do with income taxes or operating budget, except for paying back "loans" from us to US.
It was created to SUPPLEMENT income, not supplant it #SocSec82
Should be so very obvious, but #ConservativesAreFrauds, or they'd help.

ANY country is only as strong as its poorest ppl. Care 4 each other
Would've helped if Obama didn't don't drop $10TRILLION. He put America in a MASSIVE HOLE. Everything cant be FREE
Yes indeed, after contributing for most of your life you get a big whopping check for $1000 per month maybe. #OutOfTouch !
For some (me) it's the difference between having a roof and food, or starving in the streets. We must protect it #SocSec82  PLEASE!!!!!!!
Social Security IS living in poverty... 
But better than dead from starvation or exposure..
We should be entitled to something every American invests in on our checks every week
Absolutely
Ponzi schemes can't be protected. The excrement will hit the fan sooner or later. That's how liberalism works.
SS can only protect $ for the few that had homes back in the 70s.
otherwise rents are sky high & that will increase homelessness
Rent contrl
Ah really? What about the national debt that more than doubled under your man Barack?! That he called unpatriotic when at 9 Trillion! #got$?
expand it
You're not doing a very good job of protecting, it's going to run out 2037!You take our money and not give it back, that's called stealing!
It never should gave been borrowed from or bilked and they won't start now.
I have paid into SS every paycheck in my life. I expect the payback. No question. No worries. If the GOP wants a coup, mess with that.
FOR MANY OF US, IT IS THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN HAVING A ROOF OVER OUR HEAD, FOOD IN OUR STOMACH, AND LIVING ON THE STREETS HUNGRY!!!
Actually more! their employer is the govt like you. Both live off tax payer dime! #SocSec82
And don't forget We Paid into SS all our working lives.
But to be clear living on social security IS living in poverty for most of us. Living without it is a death sentence.
Why does fed gov feel the need to control retirement, education, health insurance, transportation etc.#SocialSecurity is antiquated 50+ only
Yes because these people couldn't be trusted to keep their money, government had to protect them from themselves....
I'm one of them. If social security is stolen.. I'll be literally destroyed. Thanks for fighting for our security, health and peace!
Why should people be forced to pay into a non interest, gov regulated, die u lose it, failing system? 
#SocSec82 made sense 82ys ago not now
My wife and I count on her #socialsecurity.  Thank God it isn't the only thing we have. We'd be #homeless.
An fix the hole some of us fall into while waiting....
We paid into it. Congress has borrowed billions and never paid it back. They need to keep their hands off
Then stop voting to give it all away to illegals and refugees
Amen.
Even the lazy scum in their 20s
Wut? What have you heard?
Yes, and Congress needs to keep their hands out of it. It's not a slush fund!
Amen.  Not sure what I would do without Social Security.
you guys do nothing please evacuate
Flowery words don't make math work, Kamala
Well, then they can scrap the cap. SS would be flush then.
mmm until it isn't
Without Social Security, I will b 1 of those people, & would probably not make it, especially if I lose medical. I am currently Disabled.
Let's restore the survivor benefits to full time college students up to age 22 that Reagan stripped #SocSec82 take care of families
Thanks, Senator Harris!
Living with Social Security is living in poverty.
I'm sorry, when you are single, you are still living in poverty even with Soc Sec!!!
And for the 7+ billion people on this earth. You ignored two well educated Islam reformist that would make a better case for better living.
I am one of the 20 million. I worked hard & paid FICA 45 years. Saved as much as I could but SocSec is vital. Thanks for your hard work!
I have worked years, no vacations, raised great kids.  My SS will not be enough for me to "get by". Can't imagine not having even that.
The most effective way to protect it is by thinning out the republican congress in 2018,& 2020
Why wont you allow us to save our own money in protected accounts? Why must it go to the government where y'all lose it and don't return it?
Then why does congress continue to pillage the account and why is it near insolvency?
My wife and I are 2 of those people. We would not have anything if we didn't have SS. We must keep it as is for our children.
For me it is my lifeline. What would I do?
Something can be done about those born in 2000 or after, they have time to make other arrangements.
One thing is to remove the ss withholding limit on wages
SS is  vital. raise rate to 250,000 and stop government from raiding it to pay for war
Kamala, they already added a year to my working before full retirement, need to be 66.  Please fight any more changes
I've already kicked in 82k, another 89k by my employer.  I'd leave that on the table if you'd just let me opt out of this Ponzi scheme.
That 82k would've been better spent as a down payment on a property that will eventually generate a lot more than $2,908 a month.
Thirty-seven y/o now with thirty to go?  That's a long time for you to devise new ways to squander my money.
82k plus 89k is 171k. $2,900 /mo. income requires 696k investment at 5% (more than current safe return)  You are more than 500k short.
82k plus some saving could've been 20% down on a $500k house. The rent would've made up the rest of the mortgage payment.
Tell your co-workers to quit taking Soc sec money to spend on pork projects.
Before so many taxes we didn't need Social Security. Family members took care of each other. You kept property and legacy. Now reverse mtg.
It's not the taxes. it's the stagnant wages.
Income tax was non existent. Property tax too. They could not take your home.
A Dollar is worth about 1 cent after 100 years of Fed Bankers.
All the people paying taxes for Social Security that never live to see the money. What happens to that?. Goes back to Gov. Big Ponzi scheme
To those Crooks Kamala. The ones sitting there that's very familiar with Putin. That's not you. They know who they are. So does Mueller
We paid into our whole lives as a retirement plan.  It should have never been treated like the general fund.
Stop giving it to illegals who never put a dime in it. Clown
You're a bunch of thieves. No you won't be prezzy,  you're as ignorant as the last one.
Well then maybe Congress could quit raiding the fund for their pet projects !  Try starting there
There should be nothing to protect. It's OUR MONEY. The gov't is a steward of that money. They take it, they are stealing it.
Exclude SSI,  30 PERCENT should not be getting it,  FRAUD
Just do it
There are seniors who worked their entire lives, many who fought for this country, who depend on us to protect it. They deserve our support.
It's mine, I claim It, I worked Hard and Long for it...And I'll Fight and Vote Hard to Keep It!!!
#SocialSecurity is one of the most popular, well-liked govt programs in Amer history. Celebrate #SocSec82 & keep it strong @AARPadvocates
Yes, and with declining birth rates and aging population we need to INCREASE immigration so that we have adequate funding for those retiring
I agree. Protect it from whom. How do you plan on saving it.
You want to help the elderly on SS then do not cut Medicaid! Seniors will be forced to choose between Meds, housing, and food!
