Senator Harris: huge waste of money. Most of these structures sit vacant afterwards and LA doesn't have the infrastructure to support it.
#LA84 was a $ maker. Virtually all of those facilities have been in use from @lacoliseum to Archery @LongBeachParks.
Less truck traffic too.
Oh? So let's add another set of Olympic structures in an already crowded metropolis. Also, the population of LA in 2017 is not like in 1984.
Do your research.
Very little is being added.
Biggest concern will be security, which even Rio handled.
Regardless, there are over one million more people now, not a lot of infrastructure improvements, and the added cost to taxpayers. Pointless
...one million more paying sales tax -a local revenue.  Infrastructure could be better all over the world, but it's handled 2 in the past.
True but the taxpayer money is already alocated elsewhere. These events take away from other necessary matters.
I addressed your concerns, so we'll have to agree to disagree.  That's ok. 
See you at the @lacoliseum #LA2024 or #LA2028
I'm sure 45 is going to take ALL the credit for this bigly announcement.
He already has. Said he was negotiating it a couple days ago. I really don't think he was though. 
He leaves me speechless. All I can do sometimes is roll my eyes and shake me head.
I try to laugh. Otherwise I'll curl up in a ball and cry. Can't cry for 4 years. That'd be bad, I  think. #staystrong
Kamala Harris slept her way to the top with an old man.  ***shivers at the thought***
Yet it is horrible for the people of LA.
LA and the state will lose millions.
Probably be good for moneyed interests - not sure it'll be good for the average Angeleno...
congratulations!
So awesome! 
Noooooo! The Olympics have a terrible track record. LA schools could use that money, no?
It's an economic drain and a traffic killer. I'd be against this regardless of your party affiliation.
I'm sure tRump will take credit but congrats to LA!
If I lived in LA I would be horrified. Isn't traffic bad enough? Oh well, good for them!
I'll Airbnb my house during these weeks and easily finance a great vacation!
Or make enough to buy a 2nd home!
And do think any Americans ever thought you would support the wall? We don't need you vote.
Executive order to ban all Muslim athletes and visitors from attending???
Cool
Senator, it's a bad idea.
RT @SenKamalaHarris Such wonderful news. Thrilled we'll have an Olympic Games in the City of Angels.
How much time will elapse before Trump takes credit for this?
It really says a lot that so many ppl are bummed/upset the Olympics are coming back. Used to be such an honor. Now a burden. #Olympics2024
Let's hope that Trump is no longer bedeviling our country by then. We should be able to increase tourism w/o discrimination.
Of course, if things don't change, no foreigner will be able to get a visa and America will win by default.
Somehow, you just know trump will take credit, then muck it up.
No, hosting Olympics costs tons of money!
You are right a big expense huge and the pay off is not worth it
Yup, look closely at the impact on Brazil
Your right they had people starving and water pollution so much expense and for what
Great News
There talks your president may give it Kim Jong Un if he promises to behave.
@SenKamalaHarris yup great news, but you did zip for it and want to get credit, shame on you
If Trump is president in 2024 we might be missing a lot of athletes.
So how will this work with Trump's Muslim Ban in place?
Not again it was bad enough in '84 having half of the city & streets closed. This is going to be a nightmare
Please assist @ericgarcetti with Homeless issue in Los Angeles before  2024
If in the wrong hands ... reminds me of Berlin
Yay! More money for the city to take care of the illegals......?
Yes! Go Team USA!
Manchester means hell to pay, yet, so your premature thriller evokes Jacko, who ripped my riffs and committed suicide over it, pre-I.S. NEXT
You should be POTUS then and you can make America great again
Congrats to L.A. on Olympics!
Can I reserve my judgment till LA  straightens out its traffic on a normal day? The chaos w/o  mass transport is going to be immeasurable.
Again ...damn....80, 84 ....there are other cities here
It's a bad idea, Kamala. It's a land grab. They'll use it to displace poor people.
Waiting for @realDonaldTrump to take full credit for this. 3, 2,...
DoU realize TRUMP pre announced this yesterday that HE WAS MAKING IT HAPPEN! So Ru proud a corrupt voting panel 4 Olympics were paid by him
Come on do research.I actually thought u were president material but if u aren't following thing coming 2 us on money owes 2vet & police IDK
Wonderful  is RIGHT, the City of Angeles  being honored a s the venue  for a future Olympic Games.Sen. Kamala Harris. On @SyFy ch. MOVIE
For the third time over history LA,California will host the Olympic Games ,reading; in the years  2024 or 2028.
Nice! The 1984 Olympics were so much fun!
I guess you have time to convince spectators & athletes that the country is safe. The current tourist visa rules you've killed tourism.
Amazing isn't he? Bless his heart.
Today I heard report on MSNBC that Trump was saying how hard he is working that he was working to get the Olympics for the Country adding LA
Doesn't this usually end up being economically disastrous for the host cities?
YAY!!!
Remember '84 Olympics!!!!??
Congrats!
Typical liberal wanting to take credit for things you had no hand in to benefit your self like you care about anyone but you Kamala
Thanks to all who worked to bring Olympic Summer games to Los Angeles! Special thanks to Mayor Garcetti for his over-the-top efforts!
Thanks to president Trump did you thank your president kamala
Wow!
Tax money used in olympics will go for tax payers or corporations?    They really need that money don't they?
Not good for the citizens of angels who will get stuck with the bills and traffic.
Yes!!!! Omg I'm so excited
But he just gave some City of L. A. DWP employees a huge underserved raise so he might need a loan
@MayorOfLA  Worked very hard.  Let's hope It's 2024,
oh god no, not again. The traffic, the hassle, the cost when we can't have health care of all, & our streets are crumbling
Just pray that @nbc doesn't broadcast it. They're the worst.
Not because of you Kamala say it Trump is winning again it was him that is making it possible
Congratulations!  This time, it won't matter if the Russians don't come. They cheat, anyway.
And you thought traffic in LA was bad now...
lamo mcwtf the olympics are a scam u fool
Thanks to the @Potus
High housing costs driving more Californians into poverty

