Same for the other 49 states!
Why was it ok for Obama to put his filthy shit mits on the monuments in every other state? Ya, Trump can turn CA monuments into toilets.
45 wants to have his face added to Mount Rushmore

Our national parks are a treasure.
Don't touch our parks trump
Cali is my second home. I hope the great people there still know how to throw somebody out of town!
We do Jerry  brown does we know what a nut is in our White House we are trying lol miss Harris Adam schiff Dianne Feinstein nancy pelosi #
Just making stuff up to cry about. #fakenews.
I also agree!  Trump shouldn't touch CA's  national monuments!
To be honest, I don't think tRump should be allowed to touch anything, because whatever he touches he F**** Up!
Thank goodness
Trump shouldn't touch California, period!
Next he will go to @GettysburgNMP #GettysburgBattleField what the hell is going on in his head?
Hey kami? If they're 'national monuments', they do not belong to California. Just sayin
Hey jami? They're in California and we 'Californians' have a right to care, k?
We in the south of a saying 'bless her heart'. It applies here and to you
Thank you for protecting our national monuments and all public lands! Our children deserve this!
I realize logging employs people but sequoia forests are not what I'd call renewable. Their ecosystems are fragile and growth rate too slow.
I national monument shld be touched. What the he'll does trump get out of doing this!!
Keep @realDonaldTrump  the f**k out of California!
Oooooo la la la la
Bonus points for Joni Mitchell lyrics!
Just another plan by Republicans to give away public property and resources, usually for pennies on the dollar, at taxpayer expense.
I guess you are not smart enough to know how the Department of Interior works.
..i think California should secede from the #Union - that'd bugger #Trump given the size of it's economy..
He shouldn't be touching any National Monument.
HE SHOULDN'T TOUCH ANY NATIONAL MONUMENTS
Thanks Senator Harris. You're making waves.
With everything going on he shouldn't be allowed to touch anything ever...what a horrible time we're living in.
Nor any state and their monuments or national parks and anything else they decide to destroy
Yes!  Thank you!
Why in the world would he touch any monument in our country?  This is so bizarre.
Trump needs to stay the hell away from Cali. 
He already got rid of our nannies/gardners. Half the state knows someone torn away from family
#alternativefacts
He shouldn't, but he will try. He only sees the profits that will come out of it.
No national monument or park should be mined, sold, or destroyed!
Look at me... I make 6 figures lying to people!
Have we been touching a lot of monuments lately or something?
Big difference between "should" and "will". Where's the EO?
He shouldn't touch any monuments.
he shouldn't touch any of them-anywhere!
Trump shouldn't be touching anything!
Maybe the Russia collusion ties go beyond the Exectutive branch...into the GOP leadership...fits.
He shouldn't touch ANY National Monument. Period. #Trump
What does the law allow?  You know about those pesky laws right senator?
And that's why he will. 
Sadly predictable. He sees revenge on you this way. He is a dick.
Thank you AG Becerra! I rather like our monuments and protected green lands.
Except Obama used making the San Bernardino Mountains as a way to own the water rights. Also the Government owning land  is unconstitutional
You should read the Constitution sometime. Just because a law was made does not mean it's Constitutional.
Trumpies can try to come near my ranch.Try but fail.I dug a hole with a Trump Rally sign.
Oh man people will riot in the streets! Love our national parks monuments oceans forest and lands!! 
What is wrong with trump and these republicans trying to destroy america any way they can,they need to be stopped
Dont forget Utah's too! Bears Ears and others are in danger.
For the sake of that beautiful state, just keep him at least one buffer state away
Thought u were very impressive at Comey testimony
OMG you are truly inspiring to be standing up to him
Trump doesn't see them as sacred because HE holds nothing scared himself.....
They don't belong to Trump, they belong to all Americans and we all should fight for all of them, regardless of which state they are in.
@Fyght4Cal @latimes #donnydouchebag
I agree
He shouldn't touch anything! He does not have the Midas touch
Trump should not be allowed to "TOUCH" anything especially before his  #impeachment !!! 
Someone needs to stophim..
ASAP .....GROSS RYAN 
I agree too. Protect our national monuments! America is not up for sale to dirty industry.
He should respect all the National Parks they are our heritage, they belong to future generations, not CEO's making money drilling in them.
I don't know what part of Cali you represent but they are lucky as is the USA. People may move just to be represented by you! Keep it Up.
His idea of scenery is a golf course with no trees!
Come at our Giant Sequoia @realDonaldTrump @SecretaryZinke... I dare you!!! CALIFORNIA WILL FIGHT!!!!
Trump shouldn't touch no-thing, nothing. Period.
Nor our healthcare!
They're getting to take all the public lands they can. Utah, Montana and now you're worried about Cali. Remember Clive Bundy? Repubs don't.
Can we PLEASE build a wall around us and have Arizona pay for it?
Keep your tiny hands off!!
he should be in a str8 jacket in an oval, rubber room
Or any other state. He has no mandate, only reality challenged syncophants.
Just another means for him to frack land and drill for oil! Protect our national monuments and parks.Protect our earths beauty don't destroy
I don't want him touching any of our national monuments!
Maybe if we erect some equestrian statues of Stonewall Jackson and Robert E Lee, Trump, Beauregard & friends will like our monuments better.
I think Jerry Brown will take care of our national monuments.
trump should not set a foot in California. He is not welcome here.
While he's at it stay away from Alaska, no drilling unless your drilling palin
You did a wonderful job in the Hearing's and Those *men* Had no right shutting you down, I wish more than you know that you were my Sen. 
1
2)
Stay Strong millions of us respect & agree with you, Never give in,,Never give up we are with you!;_Possibly all
Alll the way 2 The WH.
He got away with it with Those Indian Lands for Oil Which I think should be Repealed Think about it
"Preserved." Still is. A sticker doesn't lower the quality.
Put it this way: if this lands on a DAs desk, its not getting filed.
Not criminal. Civil, perhaps. Not criminal.
anything to get another buck
Are you kidding? Of course I agree. He should keep his little hands off CA, period.
Thank you Sen Harris for all you do.
@realDonaldTrump,
Keep your hands off our lands!
They're NOT for sale like you are.
Sincerely,
MOST of America
THIS
Great job w/the questions @ the hearing the other day Senator. It's a shame UR male colleagues tried 2 silence U but we heard U loud & clear
Can you remind Sessions he took this oath  “defend the Constitution” against “all enemies, foreign and domestic.”  Not they Loyalty oath
He better not. Getting ready to ride through one of them now, the San Gabriels, a gift for all.
Your dirty paws off of our national monuments!
Get him Kamala!
He wants to sell part of one of the giant redwood parks to loggers. Nope.
Everything that comes across his desk is at risk of his avarice & rapacious greed
Trump leave my beloved  alone. Do not destroy its glory..
Thank you for protecting California and our nation.
Make them State Monuments.
Not just California monuments but all monuments keep fighting
What are your plans to respond to his threats?
Absolutely!
Trump shouldn't touch anything worthwhile
When you hear the tictacs dispenser rattle, the snake is about to strike.

Don't allow Trump to grab anything I mean anything.
He shouldn't touch California's national monuments. He should never touch the envelope with the nuclear launch codes.
Most definitely @realDonaldTrump stay the Hell away
he shouldn't be able to leave his room - preferably under 24/7 supervision in a facility.
Good Sunday Morning,Sen.Kamala Harris ; I agree with you!! Also Sen. Dianne Feinstein's  State of the Union ,Interview this morning.
Becerra, "...the rule of the law is followed,.." Seriously? You don't care about following the law when it comes to Moonbeam's gas tax.
Find common ground with the White House. Stop whining. Ca. can do what it wants. Follow the laws. Taxes, jobs
Personally I thought the Conf Monuments Should B Left alone.Not prejudice,but HERITAGE,That's All
Interior department non-answer, i.e. people were opposed when some areas designated nat. Monuments. Which means Trump can do what he wants?
Watchb he's going to sell our national monuments to foreign sovereigns to really slap U.S. in the face
California seems to beautiful, inviting and inclusive... every state has its downs I must visit maybe I can move there!
He's already screwed enough things in this country, he needs to leave ALL National Monuments alone
Like what?
 please dont tell me he will turn these into buildings to "create jobs"... can we not do that please?
Keep his cloven hoofs off ALL national monuments!!
He should literally not touch anything or anyone.
I agree darling, man is a perv
He shouldn't touch anything
Or Utah's
Or Colorado's! :-p
He shouldn't touch any of them
